gooseydan::MN Timberwolves.....You give a bad reputation to such a beautiful animal. Just stop it.
MTN_HIGH_CO::We love to put the hurt on short handed teams!  Good luck Melo and the Knicks without Amare!!!
shawn804549::09 draft the Twolves drafted Lawson and Rubio. How's that turning out wolves fan? Lol Ty, lite his behind up last night
shawn804549::09 draft the Twolves drafted Lawson and Rubio. How's that turning out wolves fan? Lol Ty, lite his behind up last night
Steelers7160::I love watching this nugget team play as a team without melo. However I respect melo a lot more than lebron in terms of how they went about wanting on new teams. Melo gave Denver an opportunity to get something in return as where as lebron just screwed Cleveland. Go nuggets!!!
diehardnr1::GG Wolves....seems like you guys get de-railed by injuries every year.  Good TEAM win (again)!  I must say that am enjoying watching the Nuggets play lately, as they are making fewer and fewer "irritation plays"....you know, the stupid turnovers, the lazy passes, the highlight-reel-gone-bad attempts, the failure to cover the best 3pt shooter on the floor, etc.   These mistakes have cost Nuggets numerous games and even made a lot of their Ws  really difficult to watch. Hopefully, this maturation trend continues on an upward swing...because when the Nuggets do not beat themselves they are a tough out for anybody.   Kudos to Ty and Brewer for delivering the coup-d-gras after 3Qtrs of DEN doing "just enough" until the altitude effect set in. On a side note: Mozzy must be bummed after getting some minutes and then just looking lost...including the butterfingered catch and dunk attempt...you  gotta catch it first Timo! IMO the biggest reason Moz gets no love in DEN...no hands ma no hands...  Nice with the streaks...just need to keep road streak alive in PHX!  GO NUGGETS!!!
Anaxagoran::Nuggets also turned down Gay for Gallinari
phattybumbum::Nuggets!!!!
PoRtEr_24::YAY WOLVES!!!
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::wolves sux
MNkittenmittens::7-23 on the road.   not too shabby
Louis the III::Just to be clear david khan offered a first round pick for timofey mosgov
colosportsman::Denver I do not think is dumb enough to take a contract for a guy who will never play again. Wolves are just trying to dump that contract. Find another sucker.
Matt23180::I'm guessing they didn't want to pick up Roy's contract...
scoopjackson_21::It was before the dealine...heres the link  http://www.denverstiffs.com/2013/2/20/4007936/denver-nuggets-trade-rumors-minnesota-timberwolves-brandon-roy-mozgov
BEARS_beets_BattlestarGalactica::When? What year? And source?
Hlee196::Lets get the 2 seed nuggets and then the WCF's and NBA final... If Ty play this way we just never know.
bearsbball12::2 seed? As much as I'd love that, we're 5 games out with 18 to play. The Nuggets could win out and still probably not get the 2. I'd love to just get the 3 or 4.
virdi17::thats asking alot.. i think the nuggz have a better shot at the WCF then they do for the #2 seed..  need 3 teams ahead of them to lose too much, the 3 seed though is possible
NBAnuggets420::If playoffs ended today we would be play the clippers...
Alex47666::and if they ended today that would mean another 12 months before melo plays in denver
bearsbball12::Irrelevant. And if the playoffs ended today we wouldn't be playing a team from our own conference. Just saying.
Anaxagoran::Umm playoff teams play teams within their own conference until the finals, moron.
Alex47666::good thing it doesnt end today
NickBenCor::Check out sportsfansnews.com, i do the instant nuggets recaps for em now!
scoopjackson_21::Man the wolves suck so hard. I know they have been without love for awhile but id be more then ok with then moving to iowa or something. let them deal with this mess
scoopjackson_21::Dang. Those are pretty sweet
scoopjackson_21::Yeah but i like the yellow a lot
Alex47666::oh the home alternates we wont use those till playoffs
scoopjackson_21::Plus i love your teams colors
Alex47666::ours are basically the wolves blue and white
scoopjackson_21::I really want you guys to win it all....for real....other then the thunder i dont like any other teams
scoopjackson_21::I hated the nuggs with Melo, however i do like them more now
Alex47666::u can join the few wolves fans and root for the nuggs this season
Kred28::Jake-Macauley - Because the Spurs, like the Nuggets, have proven that they can win in the regular season but have trouble finishing playoff series.   Seriously man? Have you been alive the last 20 years?? How many championships have the Spurs won?? Multiple times going though us to get there. The real reason is because like us, they are also one of very few teams that are contenders that does not have today's classification of an elite "superstar". So they slip underneath the radar because they don't have any LeBrons, Wades, Melos on their teams.   And until we prove them wrong a lot of them will believe the teams without the "supertstars" don't have any legit chance.
colosportsman::Seriously..Spurs have had some of the great elite superstars..Tim Duncan..Tony Parker..even Manu Ginobli.
97rockchalk21::Go Nuggets!
jc_call::Because the Jazz look horrible lately, I am slowly converting myself into a Nuggets fan.
Anaxagoran::Just shows you were never a real Jazz fan in the first place
Kred28::Good to here but why slowly? Whats taking so long? Lol
Kred28::*Hear... My bad
Jake-Macauley::Good Move.
Alex47666::this will be his 4th year
jc_call::I know, at least i'll be cheering for a team that actually makes it to the playoffs this year.  How long has Lawson been in the league?
jc_call::correction: "because the jazz are playing horrible lately"
MolasseScorpion1986::At least the Wolves have a good Harlem Shake video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVW-ZeMeh5E
jc_call::I like Miami's better.
Silverio60::church
Silverio60::chuch is weird otherwise been there done that
Silverio60::dont forget to spring forward
petersoncooper::Karl needs to speak up about the refs BS!  Go after them GK!
JustineS04::Just watched GK spaz again. LOL at Andre Miller cracking up. http://hardwoodparoxysm.com/Gifs/karlfreakout_1.gif
PhiBuffa::Good to see Karl get mad.  Nuggets need him to have some attitude if they are going to go anywhere in the playoffs.  Good deal.  Pretty funny seeing him shove Chando and then see Miller laughing.
jayeteee::Probably Karl's best regular season coaching job since coming to Denver. Would love to see him 'this into it' in the playoffs.
Alex47666::man i hope he and chandler are cool
RockyMountainWay1::O_O
JustineS04::In the post game, GK was like, "Huh? I shoved Wilson Chandler? I don't remember that."
Big Ern is finally above the law::Spurs fan here, said the nugs would win 50+ in the beginning of the season and people were ragging on me. Remember they started off on the road for like 18 of their first 25 games. Nobody f***ks w/ the Nugs at home.
Alex47666::we all remember that stern $@%!$@ us over
petersoncooper::Is Melo gonna show up for his beating on Wednesday?
Matt23180::I'm sure with the same smirk as when he misses free throws or forgets to play defense.
Alex47666::im so glad thats not on NBA tv
colosportsman::Well I'm out of here..Lose an hour tongiht on the time change which sucks..  Good luck Twolves fans  and goodnight Nuggets fans...
Alex47666::if we can play anyone but the thunder we have a chance to make it to the WCF   and then lose to the thunder
jayeteee::No guarantee they'll be there though. They've shown some vulnerability lately.
Minnysota Vikings::I think the Nuggets bigs can give the Thunder front line some problems. It would definitely be a fun series.
nbocheltree::Karl to the officials: "I've beat up on cancer twice, boys! I'll kick your teeth in, too."
Steelers7160::The nuggets bench is better than most teams starters and still no love from espn. Lets keep it that way. Reminds me how the spurs quietly keep winning and no one talks about it.
jayeteee::Spurs are lost without Parker.
Jake-Macauley::Because the Spurs, like the Nuggets, have proven that they can win in the regular season but have trouble finishing playoff series.
diehardnr1::you mean like the Spurs of the last couple of years? Before that, they have 4 rings that just shoots the heck out of your comment. My opinion of the Spurs is that, as long as they have Pop and the Big 3 they will be a contender.
Jake-Macauley::I would have popped the biggest chub if that off the backboard oop from Miller to Manimal went down.
diehardnr1::Would have definitely been Dunk of the Night...
KCstills::Wtf happened to golden state? They can't beat anyone right now
Minnysota Vikings::Rubio averaged 12.8 points, 4.6 rebounds, 9.5 assists, and 2.8 steals during February. I just don't get how people can think he's a bad player. He had a horrible first month to the season because he was coming back from an ACL tear, but he's been a near triple double machine the past couple weeks.
Alex47666::i think he is another rondo decent shooter great passer
Minnysota Vikings::Agreed.
petersoncooper::We need to get Pam McGee into Denver and let her take over for Karl for a while.
jayeteee::I thought George was going to have a heart attack tonight. At least a vein pop or something.
jayeteee::Why? They saved him from getting ejected. Unless that's what you want? :)
petersoncooper::Those assistant coaches should get the F out of the way.
colosportsman::Lawson was in shooter mode tonight..Only 3 assists. but 32 pts on 12/17 shooting..No way you can complain.
colosportsman::Rubio was guarding him I think..Does n't say  much for his D.
jayeteee::Or says a lot about Ty's O.
RockyMountainWay1::He's always torched the TWolves :)
Alex47666::stars dont pass   kobe
Jake-Macauley::He loves draining 3's against the Wolves.
jayeteee::+
petersoncooper::Rubio is getting calls as well
Alex47666::the grizz at portland utah clipps and us   i smell a 4 game lossing streak
KCstills::^ coincidence? Lol
Jake-Macauley::haha for real.
Alex47666::dont see y the grizz would beat them when we never can
RockyMountainWay1::they'll beat Utah....The Jazz are free falling
Jake-Macauley::Hopefully. Utah is free falling right now though.
KCstills::Charlotte straight up stole our old secondary uniforms smh
Alex47666::i miss the black uni's
petersoncooper::Shved should be deported.
jayeteee::The last two games the only quarter we get out scored in is the 2nd, and by 2 points both games. LOL Coincidence? I think not..........Go Nuggets!!!!!
colosportsman::Rubio is a nice player..But I would rather have Lawson..
tjreaso::Lawson this month maybe. We'll see about their careers.
Jake-Macauley::He's not a bad complainer.
KU FANS WEIGH 500 POUNDS::f.uck u. rubio's not a bad player.
jayeteee::Easy, cowboy, not one post said he's a bad player.
jayeteee::Ricky's a whiner.
RockyMountainWay1::JJ/Frodo is a whiner
RockyMountainWay1::I hope the Bucks can beat the Warriors
Jake-Macauley::You still worried about the Warriors? They are 6 games back. No chance the Nugs finish any lower than 5 seed at this point.
RockyMountainWay1::I want moar space between them....yes im crazy
antiwildfan::ricky bobby &gt; ricky rubio
KU FANS WEIGH 500 POUNDS::so he's completely worthless?
Jake-Macauley::I laugh at the Adidas commercial that says "International Superstar Ricky Rubio". Too bad no one in America considers him a good player.
Jake-Macauley::I just wish the playoffs would start already.
Minnysota Vikings::"No! We need more time!"  --Lakers
RockyMountainWay1::lol
Alex47666::hahahahahahaha
Nargash35::Nuggets fans who do you like in the next draft?
popy539::ben mclemore lol
popy539::ryan kelly.
popy539::desaun thomas lol  aaron craft.
popy539::lebryan nash, markel brown, tim hardaway jr,
the1brisisk::Whomever Ujari likes...He's earned my trust!
Silverio60::Don't know but i trust our Gm how many teams can say that
imperiumd::Colton Iverson. MORE REBOUNDS!
petersoncooper::No more Euros!
denverboi1993::Too far away for Nuggets fans to focus on... right now we're looking at who we like as a first round match up.
denverboi1993::I'd rather take GS at home actually.
Nargash35::Just quick thought since its march madness..!!
Alex47666::memphis at home
Alex47666::jeff whithey
Alex47666::nobody in the draft is available to start right of the bat
Nargash35::Then thats waste of pick..!
Alex47666::he is going to replace mozgoff on the bench
Nargash35::McGee?
antiwildfan::ricky ricardo &gt;ricky rubio
denverboi1993::I didn't think this was a trap game at all... our next game is totally a trap game though. Hopefully we don't get humiliated in Phoenix again...
Silverio60::Bias would have been EPIC stupid drugs
colosportsman::Pl;us the fact of the matter is the ratio of Starting team to bench is perfect..There is only 1 basketball..McGee would be less effective with the starters..Every addition to the starters subtracts from the bench team.   You don't put all your applles in the same basket..GK knows what hes doing.
petersoncooper::and Chandler
petersoncooper::Alex47666 - i win   sucka  okay looks behind door #2
Alex47666::i win   sucka
Alex47666::dont forget chandler
colosportsman::exactly...
petersoncooper::and C Brew too
imperiumd::McGee &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Every other teams second center, we have a clear advantage.
Alex47666::miller and javel are a great pair
antiwildfan::len bias &gt; Ricky rubio
antiwildfan::sorry ......i did not know rubio was deceased.  he was so bad that nobody noticed ?
Minnysota Vikings::Using a dead guy to troll? What is wrong with you?
