TheRydog3::See what happens when you let Jimmer play?
sooper_caliber::Maybe Smart is getting some new ideas for lack of a better word.   Jimmer and Salmons on the court same time in 1st Quarter. Like plus 15 in first quarter alone.
JLinNASA::Love to 2 Pat and TDouglas.  Good luck.  Rockets fan that miss your play.
OPENLYUGLY::Magic didn't stand a chance. 6 games in 9 days and these rookies who have never played an NBA schedule were worn.
timetodienow1234567::Jimmer gets PT, the Kings play well. It seems like a big coincidence.
Kpmg allstar::Jimmer has no defense.  Okay so he had two steals and was a +13 on the floor, nut I still say he has no defense...  says Keith Smart.
3v3rydayimruss3lin::lol kings fans happy to get a win over a team dat suck monkey balls
dog_has_fleas::We are happy to win, why is that bad?
dash2k4::"When we play the type of basketball that we played tonight, we're a tough team to beat..."  Gee, you think? This goes along with famous quotes such as "The sun will rise in the east" and "It gets wet when it rains." Seriously, these athletes need a quote coach.
040Carter::Ive been following this bet system named sportsbettingstar. Im making between 2-3k a month average since I started. You can find the system on the first page of google when searching for basketball betting systems
Duke6287::been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back. Since I started playing this system I have doubled my money in just two months. You can find this system on the first page of google if you search the words Sports Betting System.  I recommend this system to anyone that likes to bet on sports
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Toney Douglas &gt; Patrick Patterson &gt; Cole Aldrich &gt; Francisco Garcia &gt;Tyler Honeycutt &gt; Thomas Robinson
TecmoTrojan::Jimmer was delightsome tonight! They couldn't have won it without him. He should be an all star. He is the best player in the NBA.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Wow you're the worst fake Jimmer fan ever.
Italics87::So do you honestly expect people to believe you're not posing as a Jimmer fan, or?
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Azienkid is the biggest bandwagon fan west of the Nile
Basketballfan1132::is this probably about as many minutes as Thompson will see the rest of the year?
Only real fans stick with bad teams::I hope so PPat is better and much younger
Only real fans stick with bad teams::All good :)
sports guy12::you're right sorry about that
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Robinson???? He got traded the comment is about Thompson
sports guy12::huh younger? Robinson is a rookie
rwong0430::Douglas's energy and D is pure!
sagematic::Toney brings a lot of energy to the game
rwong0430::-Kevin McHale
earlealston::NOW you guys wanna play like this?!  -Kings Fans
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Not playing Garcia 35 mins a night sure does help...
Eric Forman.::You bring up a good point though. Nothing personal but he just wasn't helping. I do wish Thomas Robinson was still in Sacramento though.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::T-Rob played 8 mins, had 3 fouls, and a -18 +/-. U should see all the Rox fans that feel like they got taken on their board right now....It's great. Meanwhile Patterson w a real nice game, and I'm extremely impressed with Douglas....that dude's got real potential.
JLinNASA::Rockets' fan here.   Wish T Rob could help us with the rebounding.  Could have helped us with the last minute lost.     Oh we'll, will take some time to gel.
Johnny Thunderbird SJ Hoops::Damn Harkless looks good.
Max 089::The Kings have a bright future. Playoff team in 1-2 years.
TheRydog3::If they get a new coach...
oriolesandbrew32::jimmer didnt play a single minute in yesterdays game.  Unreal lets get rid of smart
JBurhenn253::It was against the heat. He played tonight because they were playing Orlando. Connect the dots.
sklater::Didn't they still lose to the heat? And wasn't it a 6 game skid after that game too?
teethmold says::Finally, a game I watch where John Salmons actually earned his paycheck!
mattd00015::Jimmer did what jimmer does... If I could choose, I would play Jimmer over IT any day.
sooper_caliber::i heart jimmer, it is racism that he doesn't play more, kings need to trade him to a team that doesn't hate white ball hogs
JBurhenn253::It was orlando
Italics87::It was a win. Don't pretend like any team is an easy win for the Kings.
Eric Forman.::Cause you're a BYU fan.
Kpmg allstar::Eric Forman. - Cause you're a BYU fan.  Are you a Kieth Smart fan?  No one is.
Michael137052::I don't know how many teams lose when 7 guys get into double digits.
Michael137052::I was talking about the kings.
Navy Squid45::It's called having no defense
dcenate05050::idk if you guys noticed the points tobias harris gives up to the other team. his defense sucks
tigersfangoldandblue::Too bad he's not a rookie.
mcc05j::I didn't notice but regardless, he's great for a rookie
Alan99211::See you guys in the NBA Finals in 2016
Azienkid::Yup Sonics vs. Magic
Chargersfan4life004::see you there!
Elton7323::good game kings fans i hope we both get better in the future after this game.
Chargersfan4life004::same, gg
Chargersfan4life004::good talking to you magic fans im out. Go kings!
Chargersfan4life004::IT had foul trouble and the game was a blowout
Adam28089::WTF happened to Isaiah Thomas?
sooper_caliber::Coach got smart.... uhhhh yes he did
Elton7323::ur coach
HuberDerek::What the hell happened to Isiah Thomas tonight?!
sooper_caliber::Isiah Thomas thinks he is Derrick Rose, and even if he were Derrick Rose I would still not play him because Derrick Rose hurt hisself.
HuberDerek::He's been playing amazing and tonight he only got like 14 minutes. I missed the game so wondering why
kab747::Nothing, he's a midget!
Bryant-K::Tobias Harris is making me a fan more and more each game. . .
TampaBayVol::Being a Tennessee and Orlando fan, couldn't be more excited.  He's a stud, not a star, but a stud.
Navy Squid45::Tampa bay Vol?? Wtf kind of name is that we're u from?
Elton7323::im already a fan :)
kab747::DeMarcus Cousin and Perkins are too players that seems to be angry at life all the time. You look their faces and they seem to wanna kill you with their looks. I would not want to be in a dark alley crossing by them. Thugs! Oh, and Hibbert too!
CaliforniaCougar65::Wow good game overall for kings.
kab747::The Kings couldn't beat on the real King of South Fla and went to beat on the weaker sibling huh? It hurts to be a Magic fan at this time. It this makes you feel good, we beat them at their house too.
Elton7323::its kinda funny orlando dominated the sunshine state for like forever until lebron came. :(
JLinNASA::You forgot Shaq and the 2006 Championship.
bayareasports86::Props to the Kings the last 2 games. Dam once in Seattle next season they are getting a great young team in the Sonics...
Elton7323::to the dude saying our gm is stupid look what he bring in ,t- harris. he is going tobe a force so much potential there.
Chargersfan4life004::6th road win
Javier19486::Dude the Kings frikin suck
jokkiii::tobias harris is pretty good
Chargersfan4life004::next game @SA? =-O
MagicBoltzRays::who is the best PG in this year's draft?
Elton7323::marcus smart is the best right now.
Elton7323::he is 100% better than nelson he is 6-4 super athletic and is unselfish thats a win win.
MagicBoltzRays::as long as he can pass and play defense. Nelson's major weaknesses.
Elton7323::yeah more like tyreke evans like player but he is monster all around.
MagicBoltzRays::thought he was more of a SG.
Elton7323::i guess we found our star player hope he get mad minutes
vanillafrosty12::Vucevic and Tobias in 3 years... OH SNAP.
vanillafrosty12::Draft. Lord knows we'll have a pretty solid pick the next couple years. Get a solid PG in the draft, Vucevic at C, Tobias at SF, and fill in the rest. We could be good...
Elton7323::that would be awesome
mcc05j::O'Quinn looks good too... I wonder if Baby is going to be traded... dont forget about him
vanillafrosty12::I say trade Big Baby soon. At first I hated the whole blow up the team concept. I actually love it now. They're bringing in some legit talent, all in their low 20s
Elton7323::hope he does becuase harris got his spot now
MagicBoltzRays::we still need a PG.
Elton7323::if we get mcw, smart or burke we would be a great team on the rise.
Chargersfan4life004::kings have like a dozen of them
DeerandBeer3rdaccount::$@%! the Bucks.. Traded our prospect for half of season of Redick to get the 8th seed
Elton7323::ur gm should be fired with ur coach.
Elton7323::well keep ur head high like we are. ur team is doing well so keep it up.
DeerandBeer3rdaccount::He was a beast in summer league and Scott Skiles and Jim Boylan didnt give him a chance..I hate this franchise
chris johnson 558::good loses for the 1st pick and as i said it before i want to beat the lakers only and no problem if we lose the reaming games
Chargersfan4life004::John Salmons is just on fire from 3
Ilovechicken2::Two crappy, lottery bound teams grinding it out. LOL. The NBA at its best.
Eric Forman.::Later Magic fans: have a good one. I'll see those of you that are Ray fans on the baseball boards (Yankees fan here).
Chargersfan4life004::GG Magic fans, GL the rest of the season
Elton7323::thnx i hope the best 4 the kings too i hope the nba votes against the Seattle deal
Elton7323::yup
Chargersfan4life004::thanks, it would suck for them to be moved cause of crappy owners
MagicBoltzRays::GL to your team too.
Elton7323::harris reminds me of melo lil bit
colobr731::That is what everyone said about him coming out of college. Obviously not as good of a shooter though.
Elton7323::7-10 is not good?
