Joe::Too funny.I saw the play by Paul Pierce.He missed the ball so he decided to just continue to find Hill s neck for a very blatant clothesline foul.Pierce is a washed up old thug.What d you expect from him?His days are long over and he knows it.So he got ejected.No loss but that Trillionaire owner found out fast that a team needs more than money to be good.At least The Big Three down in Miami can all play together and likely will all play in THEIR fourth consecutive NBA Finals.Amazing actually but CHEMISTRY is important in any team sport.
Isaac M::If Granger can get up to speed and be a legit threat to make threes, I'm all aboard the Pacers bandwagon. I think part of why they didn't win the series against Miami is they couldn't keep up with the three-point shooting. If they can add that to their game, I can see it propelling them all the way to the championship.
bgood2life::Give J Z his props, for having the foresight to sale his small ownership back to the Nets. It took him less than half a season, to see the look of losers',basketball wised. Losers like the Nets, could have tainted his image.
Mack Attack::nice flagrant, Pierce. Find the smallest pg and clothesline him so you don't have to watch how bad your team really is. Classy.
it is what it is::In November the Pacers beat the Nets 96 - 91 on the road WITH Lopez playing.  The Nets have now lost Lopez for the season and his 20.7 points per game average.  You do the "math".  The only thing to wonder about is whether Brooklyn can score more than 80 points.
46064::You play who is on your schedule. Take care of business. Nice business like win PACERS. Paul Pierce is a thug. He should get a suspension, that was a really cheap shot on George Hill.
Guest::Pacers put away another garbage East team with ease, meanwhile the Heat struggle to win against a garbage East team.
yo eddie!::Used to like the Pacers but now they're getting too cocky esp Stephenson and Hibbert.  Am from NYC and would root for these guys but they haven't even won a championship yet, must less the East.  Come on guys.
Dogtrainer7::Love the way Stephenson has stepped his game up and now playing more consistently since Granger has returned  Go Pacers!
DAVID::Wow the Nets are bad!..  One of the poorest executions of "buying" a team in history.
