Justin::current jazz roster issues:  1. Gordon Hayward is not a SG!! he is 6'9 and clearly SF 2. Alec Burks is a SG!! and a very talented/high draft pick (he was picked ahead of Clay Thompson!!) he should be starting SG and Hayward should be starting SF 3. John Lucas III should not be a starting or backup PG in the nba, D league, or any other league 4. Corbin is clearly very confused/overwhelmed about how to coach this team.. last year the jazz had a very talented and deep team and corbin couldn't even lead them into the playoffs.. it could be a longtime before the jazz have that good of a team again.. it just goes to show that when corbin has a good team, the team will finish around .500.. and when corbin has an average team, they will be the worst team in the league..
Donald::Both teams had six men in double figures, but the Suns shook the basketball a whole better than the Jazz as the Suns won the game.
Alexis::Green  is playing good no question, but he needs to stop taking too many three point shot I believe 4 to 5 maximum will be great. Phoenix need a specialist someone like Jason Kapono kind of player to take those shots. Frye is a better three point shooter why not him taking that amount of shots I believe that one adjustment can be simple
No Name::Jerry Sloan-Legend?  PLEASE! He was overrated as a player and overrated as a coach who NEVER won anything with a star PG and a Uncle Tom scorer.  Utah's standards are so low, they call this clown a legend. A legendary loser!
Lance::Big Marvin Williams seemed solid this evening!
Amir::Suns looks great. Maybe that's stupid but i am sure Utah would qualify for playoffs if they were Eastern conference team.
Got Mashed Potatoes::Good to see Bledsoe's back. Phoenix's backcourt has got to be among the best in the whole NBA with him and Dragic.
Barry::Can't believe how good Phoenix looks compared to what I expected.  4 first round picks next year!  Yikes to the rest of the west!
BabyStar977::Why does Favors only get 25 minutes of run? He's the biggest beast on the floor most nights....Ride your horses and give them that confidence for when its going to count in a few years
Beachwalker::I think coaching and confidence has a lot to do how the Suns are playing.  Both the Suns and Jazz have a lot of younger players.  The Suns believe in their coach, the system, and they way he handles players.  You see it in their record.  Like wise for the Jazz, who don't seem to believe in the coach or the system.  Something is a miss with the Jazz.  As a result, the Suns overachieve, the Jazz underachieve.
