shwanlady96::PEN.ius
bergster391::Blazers need to get some depth.  I think not having Price in the lineup really hurts them as he is a solid defender and can facilitate very well. Having said that, if Price is your best bench player you are in trouble.
bojo87::Typical Blazers... fall behind, struggle and fight to get back in it... 53-36 at halftime??? are you serious? Fact they only lost by 5 is impressive in itself. But the game is 4 quarters, not 3.
BrOnX bOmBeRs427::cavs will make the playoffs next year
AllInForLife1984::Been betting with this online system called SportsBettingStar for the last 3 months now.  Ive made over 3K per month now for 3 consecutive months since I started using it.
quickbr0wnf0x::I'm glad former Cavalier Sasha Pavlovic has found a home with the Blazers, but watching some of those way-off-the-mark shots brought back some painful memories...
D-Train14-23::Great Game Kyrie yu r a great player keep it up and prove yur haters yu can play the game
Bamboo Benny::Tristan is becoming a beast now that Andy is out.  May be worthy of that #3 pick afterall
quickbr0wnf0x::Hickson has been playing more consistent ball this year, but with Tristan's development the Cavs don't miss him too much.
Rxct8::*at all
dvanrooy4565::#4 Pick
Bamboo Benny::My bad
Nowitzki.::Great game by Kyrie! Does he make the ASG? Guards...hmm...Rondo,D-Will,Wade,P.George, He definitely has a better chance than Jennings/Ellis or Jrue Holiday.
dsddksldksdkl::blazers are 0-82 team... its a joke
ClevelandsPOWND::Woo hoo. 10 wins
Booty Loaf::well on pace for 20
Frank_Einstein1921::Kyrie needs to be the starting point on the all star team.
Kobelies247::Playoffs?
amiller244::Blazers just continue to boggle my mind...we beat teams like the Heat and Spurs, and come off a good east coast road trip, and things are looking up...I could understand the losses to GS and DEN cause we never win in those places...but the Cavs at home? COME ON! This one could be a killer to our playoff chances if we're fighting for the 8 seed at the end. How do you dig yourself a 15-point hole at halftime against a 10-31 team? Have some heart guys.
quickbr0wnf0x::The Cavs record doesn't look so good, but they have some young, developing talent and can really bring it.   They just need to learn to do it on a consistent basis.  And the Cavs also suffered their all-too-common let-down after getting a big lead.   After the first half, there is no reason that they should have let the Blazers back into the game, but it seems they often do.     The problem is that teams know the Cavs have historically had trouble holding leads, and that gives them hope and incentive to turn up their game.
TheBrownestBob::Love Chris Webber on if Irving should be an All-Star..  "Man, he's 6th in the league in scoring..."  Good answer.
yata-9arasu::Williams:  17 PPG/ 3 RPG/ 8 APG on 41% shooting and 33% from 3. vs Irving:         23 PPG/ 4 RPG/ 6 APG on 46% shooting and 41% from 3.  I want to highlight the shooting % the most.  Kyrie is being double and tripled teammed and still making an elite % of his shots.  I have no words for how special that is....  It isn't even close.
quickbr0wnf0x::Didn't Williams even admit that he shouldn't be an all-star this year, and that there were others playing better than him right now?
Booty Loaf::i dont understand... why is it even debatable if kyrie should be an all star or not... who's over him besides rondo.. D-wil? please
yata-9arasu::Nice job by the Cavs tonight!  Goodnight to all the regulars and the newcomers!  GL to the Blazers this year!  It is really funny that we get so many fans on these boards even with our record.  Lol.  And finally...  GO CAVS!!!!
Kobelies247::And for someone to get ROY i think you might have to play atleast a little D sometimes dont you think?
Booty Loaf::not for kyrie last year
yata-9arasu::LOL @ video games causing people to kill....   Video games are no more dangerous than any other medium(Books, TV, Movie).  And just to notify the President...  We already have studies on video game violence....
YogaBeer::... at least more of a fan after seeing the latest NRA video.  That was disgusting by the NRA.
YogaBeer::I am
Booty Loaf::you a obama fan?
Booty Loaf::haha what i meant was that it is worse for you that you could have been a NY fan. my bad with the wording. nothing is worse than being a cleveland fan
yata-9arasu::At least NY has a couple titles since I came here...  It is tough but I don't regret it.  I love the city, teams, and fanbase.  I do joke with my self that I should have just been a NY fan....  Lol.
Booty Loaf::uuww thats ruff. i was born in cleveland and into a big cleveland sports family.. lol you coulda chosen to stick with NY teams at first thats  even worse
yata-9arasu::Came to America at the age of 4 from Bosnia because of the war.  First made it to NY and moved a lot....  Somehow ended up a Cleveland fan....  So painful....
Booty Loaf::lol really? whered you come from?
yata-9arasu::I can't vote because I am not a United States Citizen so I don't care as much....
Booty Loaf::im embarrased to be part of a state/city that put him back in office. this country has no hope
yata-9arasu::I don't care for any side.  Just wanted to clarify something.
Booty Loaf::this board died so fast.
SdotPaul504::You guys can make fun of Austin Rivrs all you want but at least he gets PT. cough*Kendal Marshall*cough
YogaBeer::What team do they play for?   *nudge, nudge.  You know what I mean?
briguy772007::Good work, Cavs.  And ESPN.  (Sarcasm alert!)  Check the Cavs schedule, please.  They had only lost 3 in a row going into Portland.  I guess that shows how no one is watching this team.
YogaBeer::I'm not trying to put you down buddy.    I just want to know what the point is.   You angry with ESPN?   You mad people ARE watching this game?
YogaBeer::I really don't know what point you're trying to make.    something about a schedule and 3 loses in a row.
TheBrownestBob::Shabazz Muhammed, Gorqui Dieng, Sean Kilpatrick, CJ Leslie  Playmaker, Shot Blocker at the 5, Knock Down Shooter, Shot Blocker at  the 3 or 4  I doubt the Cavs take 4 rookies, but they could really use some good defenders and Shabazz.
TheBrownestBob::The thing is, they don't need an inexperienced big man.  They need a big man who has honed a post game so they have more offensive threats down low; they won't get that from any rookie player in this year's class.  So based on that, no one really fits their need.  Shabazz doesn't player defense, so he doesn't fit their need.  But he's a scorer and at worst is a trade chip for the team.
quickbr0wnf0x::Oh YES I remember.   Even considered it myself, but I did love the Irving pick over Williams (thank heavens!)
YogaBeer::Maybe so, maybe not.  Every year is the worst draft in the history of mankind.     Kyrie's class was suppose to the be worst and it's turning out pretty good.   IT's also turning out good with Kyrie and Tristan.     Remember all those people, including Cav fans that wanted D Williams and "pick a pg" over Kyrie and TT?
YogaBeer::I think both are just saying "here's the best guys we see at this point" and then assign them to the teams that would pick there.   NOT based on need.  Although that Zeller would certainly help.     We'd then be called the Zeller Dwellers.
TheBrownestBob::There's no way they're that dumb.  You don't pass on a guy putting up the #'s Shabazz is putting up in college with his exceptional wingspan and ability on the wing.
YogaBeer::I looked at two mocks before the game and both had the Cavs going for...  drum roll...  The other Zeller at the 2 spot in the draft.
YogaBeer::I guess you have to miss a lot of shots to be considered good in this league.
jlkingespn2010::what does booty loaf mean?lol
Booty Loaf::i guess apparently as a point guard if the players you dump off to make their shots it makes you a top level PG in the nba. according to most fans
Booty Loaf::but the players they pass to make shots. thats all that counts right?
YogaBeer::YEs of course moron.   (sarcasm)     I mean where would K Love be without Ricky Rubio.   *mwahahahahaha   I just peed my depends with that one.
Booty Loaf::ramon sessions had a 26 assist game, hence sessions &gt;irving
Flash Barrett::SdotPaul504 I think we all know Kyrie will be the future PG in this league. Maybe J Wall can give him a run ________________________________________________________  Future PG? Yeh rite.....and maybe Wall can give him a run for wat? To see who can score the most points out of all the pg's? U guys keep talkin about how good he is...he's not better than Paul, Dwill, Rose, Westbrook, Curry, or Wall..and only thing and only thing u can say he is better at than any of those pig's not named Paul or Curry is shoot..other than that wat makes him better or as good?
Bluedevilsfan122192::He's 20, he claims "future" as in not the best right now, if you can only name 6 better than him, I think that is saying he is pretty good right now. Just saying, he's a baller and definitely clutch, and that's proven even with less than a full 82 game season played, or he might be right at it by now.
YogaBeer::Eric Snow was good.   He couldn't shoot to save his life.    ON a technical call, once Eric Snow if he could do a lay up instead of a Free Throw.   The ref laughed and said sure.    Snow missed.
yata-9arasu::He is putting up 23/4/6 at the age of 20.....  He is shooting 46-47% and 40+% from 3......   I guess you don't understand what that means.  I am impressed with his shooting % the most....  Especially for someone so young.....
Ill-Blaze::yata-9arasu - "Man that Kevin Durant guy is all numbers....  Team can't win more than 23 games".....  Try again....    This team has no bench or defense....  lol when you have gaurds scoring just a tad bit less then him but are killing him in other stat lines they are better
yata-9arasu::"Man that Kevin Durant guy is all numbers....  Team can't win more than 23 games".....  Try again....    This team has no bench or defense....
Flash Barrett::So that makes him better than the guys I named? All those pg's would have a better records with the Cavs than he has...he will be he Kevin Love of the east ....good individual numbers but so want make anyone better and his team won't win games
Ill-Blaze::Booty Loaf - you're wasting your energy. these people wont get it either way.. lol he thinks steph curry, john wall, and deron williams is better then KI. all you have to do is laugh it off  he's a great pg but right now he isn't better then what there contributions say
Booty Loaf::you're wasting your energy. these people wont get it either way.. lol he thinks steph curry, john wall, and deron williams is better then KI. all you have to do is laugh it off
SdotPaul504::If you honestly think Irving isnt the real deal. Your education is faker then Teo's girlfriend
YogaBeer::What do you have when your PG can't shoot?   "A traditional PG"   bwahahahahahahaha
YogaBeer::so what you're saying is Kyrie Irving is blessed to have such shooting phenoms like Luke "power small forward" Walton?
Flash Barrett::Really? Cause people say Rose and Westbrook can't shoot, yet they aren't considered traditional but still average more assist than Irving.. I mean even Wall wit all the bums he's played with has average 8 plus assist to go with 16-17 pta agame
Booty Loaf::lol this guy ^
Flash Barrett::Thank u
Kobelies247::Losing to the Cavs @ home?   Can we stop the Playoff talk now?  It's done............
Booty Loaf::spoken like a true fan!
Booty Loaf::new nba 2k roster update better have TT atleast a 73, the 68 rating iss absurd
jlkingespn2010::what does having a screen name like booty loaf mean?lol
yata-9arasu::Even at 68 he is destroying the glass and getting putbacks.....  Would love to see him get a bump....
YogaBeer::I don't have any idea what you just said, but I'll take two Double Ts!   And thank you for playing.
Booty Loaf::haha oh damn. much respect
YogaBeer::59
Booty Loaf::haha a video game. how old are you?
YogaBeer::What is NBA 2K?   Is that like the mayan calendar and Y2K?
Booty Loaf::what was so hard to comprehend? in nba 2k13 TT's rating is a 68. im saying that when the next roster update comes out his overall rating needs to be bumped up, he doesn't deserve a 68
YogaBeer::Just looked at a mock draft board.   Dang!   The Cavaliers have 4 picks before the Blazers have one pick.
YogaBeer::However, we'd trade one or two of the 2nd rounders for Lillard.   He'd be great as a back-up pg for the Cavs.
YogaBeer::I wouldn't say killing it, but he's been good on the D.   And when people ask what happened to Pargo, I say "is that you Livingston?" and his D.
Booty Loaf::eh. i still think id rather re-sign livingston hes been killin it as backup so far
kaha_05::wouldn't see two of those picks if the draft were today though, They're protected (sac/lal)
Booty Loaf::no buddy, we aint countin the SAc pick that would be 5, and the LA pick would just be swapped with MIA, if LA doesnt make playoffs its miamis pick
YogaBeer::Actually, Cavs have 4.    LA is not a pick, it's a switch mine for yours.     Sac would make it 5 picks.
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::Notice how the cavs pressed and forced the issue tonight, need more urgency and stop being sitting ducks
YogaBeer::Moving with out the ball  Mr. Cavalier
HunterF4444::They are tanking
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::Tricky with wilson given his injury and the fact francisco tied us up... we dont like hairstons asking price so the door is still open to sign brian
Booty Loaf::of all the PG's that were named, how many of them were doing what kyrie irving is doing at age 20?
springfresh3.1::Skip Pistol Pete Bayless  was big time in high school
Booty Loaf::lol he averaged 2 PPG in high school
yata-9arasu::Magic Johnson......  Maybe....
SdotPaul504::I think we all know Kyrie will be the future PG in this league. Maybe J Wall can give him a run
TheBrownestBob::Wall can't make a 3 to save his life.  If he could shoot the ball, I'd say Wall is the only guy to challenge him.
YogaBeer::We'll see once KG and PP retire.
SdotPaul504::Niether can Rondo buts hes a top PG
yata-9arasu::Lol...  Wall...
YogaBeer::Hope he comes back from that injury.    Should be a good eastern match up for the next handful of years.
CKJPVBC::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohUEf-TyzfA  Irving faking out Lillard.
SdotPaul504::damn thats nasty
HunterF4444::damnnnnnnn
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::I usually mute the game and listen to classical orchestra when kyries playing... the sweet motions and beauty usually brings me to tears
BaySports 1.1::If you sign Brian Wilson, I might watch a Mets game.
yata-9arasu::Met too.....  I have to stop crying when I watch the Cavs....  Not sure if it is the teams bad play or Kyrie making me cry.....
YogaBeer::Mozart
The point center::Lawson is a beast to Vasquez is ballin this year
SdotPaul504::Been exciting watching Passquez this year
YogaBeer::Flagged for being on the wrong board.    ARe those golfers?
springfresh3.1::Vasquez for sure,...he was last year too...where the hell he did just sprout out of
BaySports 1.1::Well, if you were to tell me before this season started, that through 40 games the Blazers are guaranteed to be .500, I wouldn't have believed it.
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::Kyries fake spin bank shot was unreal... this guys ability to think on the fly is unparalleled, truly a sight to see
yata-9arasu::It was amazing.....  He really knows what to do......  You know how many times I've seen even the best players get trapped and take a horrible shot....  He is just great.....
Booty Loaf::his feel for the game is unmatched. Livingson said he has the tools and feel for the game to be the best point guard ever
Booty Loaf::plus KI has the best footwork i have ever seen. he is so smooth
Booty Loaf::not my words ^ shaun livingstons
springfresh3.1::Rose/Russ duel...when and will their Schwartz be as big as eachothers
The point center::Did u just grab my $@%..
springfresh3.1::Sir, from where I'm standing, its physically impossible
YogaBeer::I just keep flagging that idiot that still claims this is a portland thread.
brandonstephensy::theres only two players who can stop  KD....     LEBRON JAMES    and      RUSSELL WESTBROOK!!!!!!!!!!!
yata-9arasu::Nice job by Gee today.....
YogaBeer::Good D.     But Shazaam is waiting his turn.
TheBrownestBob::I would imagine if PGs were taken off every team and re-drafted, the order would go like..  1) CP3 2) Irving 3) Rondo 4) Rose 5) Westbrook 6) Parker 7) Who cares
scanmanOSU::People forget that no one likes Rondo. No way he is picked before Rose or Westbrook.
Booty Loaf::cp3 is 28, id take KI over him. if it for just this year, RIGHT NOW. yes CP3
Booty Loaf::KI best PG by 2015
Popitoff_2.0::Is CP3 supposed to break down sometime next season? Kidd played at a high level well into his 30s. CP3 &gt; Irving now, and later.
gocavs172::ill blaze, im sorry that kyrie made such a fool out of lillard tonight, but he makes everyone who goes up against him look helpless, not just lillard. so dont get all bitter and talk trash bout KI
brandonstephensy::not Westbrook :D
TheBrownestBob::Actually, he absolutely schooled Westbrook last year.  Maybe not in scoring, but he was crossing him up all game and eating the defense alive.  This year, they game planned for him.
brandonstephensy::Deron Williams loves McDonalds :)
The point center::Wen rose is healthy ther is no discussion to who the best pg is Fact
FormingPanda::KI stats was right with Rose across the board last season no joke look it up and compare
Booty Loaf::he's is a frak of nature athletically. il still take kyrie over him..
The point center::Of course you're a a ill biased tho Can't believe they haven't played each other yet
springfresh3.1::CP3
The point center::Emiliooooooo
springfresh3.1::oh sh.it what up Emilio
The point center::$@%! up grieco. U no who's better
yata-9arasu::Rondo is better than Irving......
YogaBeer::... at passing the ball to KG and PP
springfresh3.1::yes
The point center::If I wer starting a team I'd take Irving over rondo no doubt
brandonstephensy::true that..rondo = overrated
springfresh3.1::really?
springfresh3.1::wow?  I dont know what to say
Booty Loaf::i guess no one read the article where basically every nba analyst crowned KI the best point guard in the nba by 2015....
kaha_05::You're assuming that they all can read and not just look at pictures and numbers
ghetto gourmet::8 guys on the Blazer bench, NOT ONE is in the neighborhood of 40% on FG. Even if we moved the team closer to the ocean, not sure if they could throw it in...
YogaBeer::Cavalier bench....    4%
