Nonaligned_::who won?
Coach Mike Browns Spit Cup Full Of Sherman Klump::Yeah lames. Before you worry about anyone you better worry about the Hawks first. Ha...LeBron will never win.
Nate Harold988::LOL, heat suck, bosh and lebron swallow
mayfieldwildcats8::fixed game
Emmannuel1220::Fraud. Fraudful. Fraudulent. Miami. Heat.
cavintampa::You should thank them for giving out free cuban sandwiches so your people dont starve
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::you should thank them for giving you a reason to hate something
Emmannuel1220::Fraud. Fraudful. Fraudulent. Miami. Heat. 2012. NBA. Champions. L.O.L.
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::This was a good loss for the Heat.  They clearly weren't at the top of their game, while Atlanta thought they were in game 7 of the NBA finals, and still only lost by 8 points.
_misterfurious::I'm just trying to understand your point - because consistently does not mean 98% of the time. I think your expectation is a little unreasonable.
Jetsfan2324::lol this little tag-team is cute. I said they couldnt do it CONSISTENTLY. Of course they can (Bulls, Celtics, 76ers series)
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::They closed games better than 28 other teams last year.
_misterfurious::One loss shows they can't close out games consistently? Did you want them to go 66-0?
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::and how did your team do in the finals last year?
_misterfurious::Yes I did. At least they were IN the finals. You think they got there without closing out any games?
Jetsfan2324::did you watch the finals last year?
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::I'll take them in the 4th quarter over the Jets any day.
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::maybe you should sit this one out, champ.
Nate Harold988::did you say mavs? didn't they BEAT the heat in the finals?
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::Yes.  Who is your team?  At least the Heat made it to the finals last year.  And they looked pretty consistent beating Philly, Boston and Chicago in the playoffs last year. Yeah, they dropped a couple of games in the FINALS against a good Mav's team. But by your definition that means they suck and are inconsistent.
Jetsfan2324::You disagree that the Heat cant close games out consistently?
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::To lose an argument means that there was one to begin with, which there was not.  Your comment was stupid.
Jetsfan2324::Did I say that the Jets could? Thats what people do when they lose an argument, they say something completely irrelevant.
Jetsfan2324::or showed that the heat still cant close out games consistently
_TheSixthHeatle_::4th quarter:  Lebron &gt; Tebow
KDT88::With this emergence of Teague the Hawks look serious.  Nice bench too.
cSSk2011::Lebron- " Damn, i wanted to go unbeaten" Wade- "yeah man, me too" Bosh- &gt;sniff&lt;
5baker05::Atlanta better than i thought.. probably 3rd or 4th  seed in my eyes
antonio rbsn 74::What happend to noris Cole I thought he was the best thing since slice bread
_misterfurious::Norris Cole sucks? LMAO, seriously? They guy is averaging 11 ppg, 2 rpg, 3 apg and 1.5 spg in only 22 minutes off the bench as a rookie. Is that supposed to be someone who can't play? It's not like he only had one good game.  Talk about ignorant.
ATLien4ever::for what he is getting paid, he is playing very well....but not like MVTeague!!
mickakacool::Let's see how much we hear about him near the end of the season
ATLien4ever::actually Norris Cole played pretty well last night, hes going to be good
mickakacool::I couldn't believe how people the over reacted to him making a couple shots in the fourth quarter that one game, Norris Cole suck and you won't see him in the playoffs except garbage time.
antonio rbsn 74::Tracy mcgrady is back
cmajor26::I wouldn't say back, but he still has game
mickakacool::Did he score 28 or 30 points? if not he's not back.
mickakacool::Okay here's the deal and i think most people agree that we don't really hate Lebron we don't know him personally, we don't hate Wade, Bosh, or even the Heat.....you know who we REALLY hate? The Miami heat bandwagon fans, Miami had a hard time selling playoff tickets before Lebron and Bosh came you all are not real Fans Like Boston and Chicago Fans your fans base is a fake.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Chris Bosh has exactly 6 offensive rebounds in 6 games. this is actually a better avg thatn all of last year.  By the way, he plays the 4.
ic0n2900::no he brought up a good point. bosh needs to change up his a game. do teh role player grind work
_misterfurious::That's probably because on offense he plays 1/2 the time as a shooter. Your statistic ignores the reality of his situation.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::I hate Mike Antoni's face
Rand0687::He sounds like Drexl from 'True Romance". You gotta be kinda older to get that reference.
._Lakester_.::http://stacheketball.neswblogs.com/2009/11/mike-dantoni-nba-hof-mustache/
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::he looks like a HACK
thegameisback1591::he looks mafia
._Lakester_.::he looks like the guy on the Pringles can
thegameisback1591::Lob City is a joke who is on that bench?  Does Blanche Griffin even block the ball?
bigjoe93atl2::"Thou shalt not bad-mouth Lob City!" lol
bigjoe93atl2::And he said: 'Take me to Lob City'   Just had to throw in another Lob City quote, I can't get over that stupid meme! Also, GG heatsters, see you all @The Original "lob city', The Highlight factory!!!
thegameisback1591::Is the Zone a club?- Lebron James
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::Lot of bandwagon Heat haters here today.
mickakacool::Heat hate is very strong, and it's fun.....I really do feel the heat is still just a three man team and the Bulls only have one all first team player but they are deep 1 thru 10
._Lakester_.::I liked Lebron when he was Cavalier
thegameisback1591::I been a Lebron hater since he was born
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::thats awesome bro
._Lakester_.::Ive been a Heat hater since 06 bruh
thegameisback1591::This Lebron nut-hugger claimed to me Lebron has a better half court game than KD and Kobe lmao!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thegameisback1591::dude they are putting him the box he is putting his  back to the basket, he wasnt doing that last year seriously.   That Dirk fadeaway move with the leg up he has stolen it or do you want me to youtube that.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::ive watched 2 full thunder games and have seen him turn his back maybe twice. its not a consistent part of his game. he is too good to be hoisting 5 threes a game. it bothers me.
thegameisback1591::ummmmmmmmmmmmm he has stolen that Dirk move or have u not seen, they are putting him in the box watch some Thunder games son
._Lakester_.::gotta point there
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::whatever man. kid doesnt play with his back to the basket EVER. he chucks threes and drives the lane. he could be so much bettter. when he gets pushed out to the perimeter (like last night and most of last season) his shooting % goes down and he doesnt get to the line. maybe you should be doing the homework. dont be gay and mistake observations about his game for hating--thats what Heat fans do all the time.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::his half court game isn't anything to write home about. he is an amazing shooter that has no post game to speak of. imagine him with a turnaround J. dude should be a filthier Dirk
thegameisback1591::KD isnt good lmao bwhahahahahahahhahahahah he is second in scoring is he not, and the defending scoring champ you sound delusional
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::KD's isnt even that good.
outlaw12110224::All KD has is a jumper.  No post game, no handles, he has to use screens to get a shot.  KD is NOT that good.  He's Reggie Miller 2.0
._Lakester_.::you smokin dope son
xrooster::someone should come up with a screenname "clevelander".  that's one of the most popular watering holes on souf beach.  could be fun!
thegameisback1591::The Heatles fans only come out when when the Heat do nothing. Losses are nothing to them because they claim it is a learning process for the bigger picture.  But its been 9yrs for the Queen, when are they going to learn
._Lakester_.::what happened to all the Heatle fans?
._Lakester_.::Im surprised they know about the zone defense.
xrooster::they are having a meeting trying to figure out how to break down the zone defense.
._Lakester_.::anyone seen my b.itch Heatster?
xrooster::he was last spotted at wet willies on the 2nd floor terrace dirty dancing with a drag queen and sipping on a call-a-cab
thegameisback1591::She works for the ALLiance she is working downtown tricking for dollars, Im sorry we will give her back
thegameisback1591::we get 10% of all her earnings, (which isn't much) you want in you gotta provide security
._Lakester_.::Tell b.itch she better have my money
thegameisback1591::Why does the Raptor dunk like he is tough all of sudden, I thought Shaq exposed this drag queen years ago.
xrooster::You betta work
thegameisback1591::Where is Bobby Flamer, i bet he thought the Miami Heat of 2012 was the greatest team ever assembled.  Sounds familiar though
thepainofcanes2::Ya don't say?!
homerun305::all you idiots wished you had LeBron and all is problems
thegameisback1591::I wouldn't want my momma to be a jump and a alki like Lebron-  FACT
._Lakester_.::not really
xrooster::My insider sources are telling me that LeBron is writing his own wedding vows.  He's going to leave out the part about "till death do us part" and replace it with an opt out clause after 3 years.  I'm he's got to do what's best for him and his family.
thegameisback1591::LMAO
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::cool story bro
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::no doubt
xrooster::It just feels right.
thegameisback1591::Is the 4th quarter a club???? - Lebron James
._Lakester_.::"I dont need to be clutch. I have SWAG"  - Lebron James
thepainofcanes2::Our predictions for the Heats destiny this season are much more plausible than these horrid pseudo quotes.
._Lakester_.::"You can still be clutch in the 1st quarter"  - Lebron James
thegameisback1591::Does Lebron even show up anymore? Or is he just a average regular season player?
cavintampa::Gloria James named tramp of the month down ther In North Cuba
homerun305::LeBron James named Eastern Conference Player of the Week! He averaged 29.6 points, 6.6 assists and 2.4 steals per game for the week.
thegameisback1591::Yea Regular season explain his finals perfomance all flash no substance.
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::check the stats bro
thepainofcanes2::Check yo face niqqa.
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::that's not what he was asking about.  he wrote "is he just a average regular season player"
._Lakester_.::Check Lebrons 4th quarter stats bruh
Ryan 2161::Will LeBron's engagement have any impact on his game this season?
xrooster::yes bron and his babymomma is planning a June wedding. Will be hard to focus on the finals when you are planning the biggest commitment of your life.   They'll probably have an hour long ESPN special to announce the place and time.
thegameisback1591::I have no half court game- Lebron James
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::No, I'm not related to Ms. Cleo.
thepainofcanes2::I am!
thegameisback1591::Yea it is just as funny as your profile name, tell me are you related to Ms. Cleo?
thegameisback1591::Tell me what are the lottery numbers for jersey tonight?
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::that wasn't me.  But I will be 2013 if you are wondering.  thanks.
xrooster::last year his screenname was "Miami Heat 2011 NBA Champions"
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::cool quote bro
thepainofcanes2::I hate Canadian Beacon!!!!...MODS
thepainofcanes2::and Tim Tebow!
peezyfreshbaby57::Miami was due for a loss, they will turn around and beat the Hawks the next game. But I gotta admitt TMac is back!!! 6th Man of the Yr so far! Wish the Heat signed him
homerun305::lets see him play like that the whole year
thepainofcanes2::Opera Winfrey!
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::James Harden!
mintzerkj4eva::Its good to see T-Mac can still help a team. Wish it wasn't against us tho lol
jmeresma::what do you guys think about a melo, shumpert, fields for chris bosh, mike miller trade?? I just did it in trade machine and it works!
RunTheBall22::what about a lebron for d wade trade? i just did it in trade machine and it works!
jmeresma::You guys just aren't creative enough
Ryan 2161::what about this... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tri_Energy
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::i think you should give up using the internet
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::the knicks are dumb but not that dumb. that trade makes zero sense. could be the worst trade idea ever
Ryan 2161::why? i like that move actually
RunTheBall22::Kobe and D Rose are badas* players who will win at any cost. Lebron is no more then a working girl that got called home by her pimp, aka Wade. I bet Wade told him he can't shoot in the 4th or he will b*tch slap his punk as*.
thepainofcanes2::Yeah, I'm sure that's how it all went down.
_Bullster_::.
StompOnFailtics::Oh no!
cowsley::Sorry all you Heat fans but I'm not sure Stern will allow the Heat to win a championship with this "super" team.
Ryan 2161::MELO &gt; LeBron  His stats/clutch play have proven this so far this year...
outlaw12110224::Only a hater would say some dumb ish like that
StompOnFailtics::And only a Legroupie would be mad over a comment like that.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Melo is leaps and bounds a better offensive player as Bron is over Melo defensively.
mintzerkj4eva::No its the other way around being that James is the leading scorer right now
mintzerkj4eva::im not seeing it where Melo is  a better complete player at all. Lebron does most things better than him, plus he can defend
Ryan 2161::plus he got heart.check his play up at syracuse
jmeresma::I agree. Lebron can score is more ways bu Melo is such a complete player...people underrate him way too much.
mintzerkj4eva::There are about 100 Heatsters, a Lakerster, Clipper, now a Jazzster. smh  Next should be a Bullster
._Lakester_.::Im the only official Lakester
_Bullster_::.
StompOnFailtics::That was quick.
nordic muskrat::O-V-E-R-R-A-T-E-D
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::Great point.  ATL played at the top of their game and beat the Heat by only 8 points.
nordic muskrat::OK, how's this...  ATL 100 MIA 92
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::very thorough analysis, thanks.
_Jazzster_::Heat suck.  <b>FACT.</b>
mintzerkj4eva::Jazzster just stop it lol
StompOnFailtics::LOL @ Jazzster.  Where is Sixster, Netster, Wolfster &amp; Clippster?
StompOnFailtics::I've seen his name. Funny stuff.
mintzerkj4eva::there is a Clippster too
mintzerkj4eva::Why do people take homers fans say from any fanbase so seriously. Who really listens to stuff like when people say their team won't lose a game
brown and gold broncos::i just feel bad that miami heat fanbase had to get a lot of bandwagoners.
brown and gold broncos::because heat fans are actually serious about it.
mintzerkj4eva::yeah some are, too many really but i just laugh at it
brown and gold broncos::remember when the heat was supposed to beat the chicago bull's record for most regular season wins last season? guess they choked away on that too!
homerun305::stomp was your team in the finals? I didnt think so...
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::oh, well, then, yes I would agree with you.  good point.
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::yeah, but they made up for it in the playoffs
brown and gold broncos::i was talking about the 1996 bulls.
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::OK fine, the finals are still part of the playoffs.  But what i was pointing out, in response to what you wrote about the chichgo bulls, was intended to counter your argument that the Bulls were so awesome during the regular season only to have the Heat beat them in the Eastern Conference Finals (4-1).
brown and gold broncos::finals is still part of the playoffs.
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::notice i wrote the playoffs, and not the finals.
StompOnFailtics::By choking in the Finals?
mintzerkj4eva::Now there is Lakerster lol smh
Lakerster.::<b><a>Heat fan:  "No team can beat us."  "Fine, no team can beat us in a playoff series."  "Fine, maybe next year."</a></b>
MiamiFanSince88::Lakers fan: I try to be funny to mask the pain of a first round exit last year and 3-3 start this year
homerun305::Heat Fan: Loves anything anyone has to say.
StompOnFailtics::Heat Fan: I blame Spolstra.  Heat Fan: They didn't have enough roll players.  Heat Fan: heat will only lose 1-6 games.
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::This was one of 5-6 losses for the Heat all year.
nordic muskrat::I wouldn't be so sure of that... You're playing the Hawks again Thursday so that's already 2 losses.
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::Looking forward to it.
nordic muskrat::Well, meet me back here on Friday and we'll have this conversation all over again lol  Peace
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::Because you're funny bro
nordic muskrat::We just opened a can on you so why are you laughing?
Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions::LOL
StompOnFailtics::I heard the same last season.
brown and gold broncos::miami heat - where you proclaim to win a championship but end up making yourself look like a dumba.ss!
StompOnFailtics::MIA Heat where becoming a fan in DEC &amp; JAN happens.  outlaw12110224 Member Since: December, 29 2011	Comment Count: 0  	Last Updated: on 12/29/2011 at 1:23 PM  LeBronIsNumBerOne Member Since: December, 21 2011	Comment Count: 0  	Last Updated: on 12/30/2011 at 9:25 PM  Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions Member Since: January, 02 2012	Comment Count: 0  	Last Updated: Today at 9:40 AM
brown and gold broncos::bandwagoners!
