Sloto Mania::I guess they aren't tanking haha
Adam Youman::management is. thibs has other plans...
Sloto Mania::Pretty much
Nathan Levens::how does phoenix have 20 wins?     it looks like the bulls are by FAR the best team in the game tonight     The bulls just traded away 20 points a game and are only playing 8 guys     that's right 8     how the hell does phoenix not out run this team?    If Im the owner of the suns I would have a long talk with hornacek after the game and really explain this is not acceptable     if it happens again ill pay you to watch someone else coach this team    totally unacceptable
Thomas McNamara::Uh they are really young and without one if their best players. Calm down you act like they aren't allowed to lose
Arun Nair::Every good team loses to a bad team once in a while.  Calm down.  The suns were not even expected to make it into the playoffs this year in the preseason.  They have the same number of losses as the clippers, and are serious contenders for winning the division.  The Bulls want to show the nation that no team should take them lightly and that they are not going to give up.  The Deng trade motivated them for this game.
Erica Heard::Thomas McNamara They arrived in Chicago 6/1/2 hours before the game....that may have something to do with it!
Lu Kane::the tony snell era has begun.. all hail colonel snell
Colin Ziolkowski::Phoenix has a much better team than they thought they were gonna have when they started to stockpile First Round picks in next Summer's NBA Draft. What they need is something the Milwaukee Bucks have and can part with! Ersan Illyasova is the not your Typical Stretch 4! What I mean by this is, he doesn't just shoot the 3. Make no mistake, that Ersan Illasova is a very good shooter with deep NBA Range. But he also does the little things to help his team. He does Stretch the Defense by forcing his guy off the block and he also Rebounds and is a very Underrated Help Defender! Phoenix CAN NOT use all 4 of the First Round picks that they have and Milwaukee could definitely use a higher Second First Round pick which the Suns should give up to get Ersan from Milwaukee! The Bucks have an Awful Head Coach and they're decimated by injuries.... But they have 1 of the Most Underrated Young Cores in the League that will be turned into a Regular Championship Contender with a Top 5 Pick in the most talented Draft I've seen in my Lifetime!(Which has spanned almost 40 years) If the Bucks can secure a Second First Rounder that is somewhere in the late teens or early 20's to go along with a Top 5 Second Rounder that can be pushed up into a third First Rounder if they used the other 2 Seconds they have to move up! The Bucks could collect 3 First Round Talents to go along with the Best Player from 2013's Draft(Antetokounmpo) along with Henson,Sanders,Knight,Middleton,Wolters,and Udoh! The Milwaukee Bucks have the best chance of any team in the League to become the next Oklahoma City Thunder! The NBA Finally has some different Franchises that will have a chance to put Contending teams on the floor in Cities other than the one's that win EVERY YEAR!!(lets hope this League gets better w/out David Stern ruining the game anymore) Most fans in Small Markets are so sick and tired of the Heat,Lakers,Celtics,Rockets,Bulls,and Spurs winning NBA Titles EVERY YEAR! OKC has had the best team in the League each of the last 3 years but they had their Championship stolen away by NBA Officials who are Mandated to make Phantom and Super Star calls to Aid the team in the Market the NBA wants to have a Title! That's why Durant had Foul Trouble in every game after winning game 1 in that Series because the NBA so desperately needed King James to get his First Championship to legitimize his Legacy as the Face of the NBA! I like the Suns Roster and they would have a much better chance to win in the West with Illyasova on their team! GO BUCKS 2014!!See More
Jake Gilliland::gonna miss Luol. But Butler has grown into a helluva replacement and am liking Augustine's pacing and floor vision. Have no idea what to expect from this team for the remainder of the season but am enjoying the Ride so far...Go Bulls!
Clint Czar Jefferson::The rest of this season should be all about developing our young players.(Teague,Snell,Murphy)
Taylor Manes::And about who were going to draft with the Charlotte s pick AND the pick of our OWN which is in the top ten..I REPEAT we have a draft pick of our own..I just had to repeat that for the people who don't understand
Ray Matlak::Draft picks may or may not work out but letting all star players go for nothing guaranteed is just Reinsdorfian.
Adam Youman::Taylor Manes we also have SAC's draft pick if they can step it up a lil and get a better record than 3 teams in the west and all the lottery teams out east
Taylor Manes::I agree now.SUNS WILL WIN...trading deng, yep we are going to lose..what's next trading Noah?
Brandon Duenas::Suns bringing back Leandro Barbosa. What does it mean? http://isportsweb.com/2014/01/05/phoenix-suns-sign-leandro-barbosa/
Shawn Key::Go Bulls!!! Will be a good game!! Time for Tony and DJ to step up.
Juan Carlos Vargas::Time for Butler to shine
Paul Steeno::I know this is cliche and dumb teenage talk but the Bulls are really silencing the haters at this point. Despite all of the odds, all the naysayers that say they should tank and arent going anywhere this year the Bulls have just won 6 or 8 games.   I am an extreme optimist when it comes to the Chicago Bulls but think about this for a second. The Bulls continue playing well and notch a 3 or 4 seed. Derrick Rose didnt rule out a playoff return this season. If Rose comes back to the Bulls who have momentum going into the playoffs, you never know what could happen. That is all im saying.  This was a great win tonight. Very fun game to watch tonight. The suns are not a slouch team anymore, so this is a win against a high quality western conference team. GO BULLS
Adam Youman::the one thing is tho the bulls fans are really just following the gm's decision. we dropped our best offensive player and got nothing in return for this year. if that isnt an obvious move  to tank i dont know what is
Greg Scheuber::Adam Youman, Wrong... They did it to save money AND tank.
Adam Youman::Greg Scheuber ok obviously...
Eddie Cruz::My god, where do I start? Miles Plumlee should not be taking 11 shots a game, period. Gerald Green is so inconsistent and such a low basketball IQ, Whenever one or both of the Morris brothers are in, we are such a bad team defensively. Dionte Christmas should be in the D-League, permanently. Horrible loss to a team we should have blown out the water. Also, Tony Snell just might have the most frightening appearance since Sam Cassell.
Adam Youman::hes the next scottie pippen. a great defender a great 3 point shooter can dribble and pass...and hes almost as ugly
Nate Stein::Have to wonder how the players are feeling. Management sent a message saying that they are giving up on this year and are looking to the future. What kind of message does that send to an aging vet like Boozer or Hinrich? The players are pissed, stunned, and disappointed with the move. Morale is at a low, have to wonder if the front office is now an enemy to some of these guys like Gibson or Noah
Taylor Manes::Um sources s (rumours)said warriors ARE targeting hinrich too..wow...hinrich+deng leaving=jabari parker to the bulls because it raises the draft pick and gets them further in the lottery.
Rocky Rosado::Bulls shouldn't be done making moves. Trade Kirk Hinrich+Mike Dunleavy to Golden State for Harrison Barnes+Trade Exception. Bulls save 4 mil this year and gain a young player to develop.
Shanny Salcedo::Bynum is gonna surprise everyone and be a double double machine once again...Joakim Noah moves to the 4 and you have quite possibly the greatest froncourt in the league lol
Clint Czar Jefferson::The Bulls already waived Bynum lol
Shanny Salcedo::Clint Czar Jefferson lol so i guess they are chasing Melo next season
Ray Matlak::No the owners are chasing the dollar bills this year just like when they broke the team up after the Jordan years.
Jacob Dockter::come on suns, you are the better team by far. you let that lead slip through, after coming back. letting chicago go on a 5-0 run to end half. bad bad bad.
Paul Gonzalez::So quite in Bulls arena. Besides it being -15 outside and team now sucking for years what's wrong?
Paul Gonzalez::Quiet*
Kyle Raymer::Team sucking for years huh.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Troll alert.
Ray Matlak::Are you talking about the Suns?
Timothy Pfingsten::I see the bulls are trying to give thme this game with all the 3's they are shooting not needed at all
Raj Patel::still winning... wtf, no way in hell we get in the lottery, deff. making the playoffs 6th seed lol
Timothy Pfingsten::Raj Patel not likely if they do get in the playoffs wont last long.
Raj Patel::Timothy Pfingsten but these teams sucks soo bad... we can win with our backups lol.. we need to get rid of more players
Jacob Dockter::liking the suns tonight, but whenever i see spreads that seem to easy, always makes me a bit neverous
Scott Zimmermann::a very low spread ....wonder why?
Jacob Dockter::Scott Zimmermann  why?
Scott Zimmermann::i really think there is only the fact is chi has a good D   ....Suns are young
Rocky Rosado::6 of the bulls last 8 games they have held there opponents to under 90 points
Arun Nair::I am not sure if that trend will continue, since they do not have Deng's defense anymore.  But today was an impressive effort by the bulls for holding a team to a total that is 16 points below their average.  The resilience of this team is truly amazing and making the front office extremely mad.
Adam Youman::Arun Nair dont forget snell is still an awesome defender. plus with boozer out the offense is flowing and tiring guys out and we have taj in instead. no weak links in the defensive end
Shanny Salcedo::2014 Bulls starting lineup: PG Rose  SG Butler SF Snell PF Melo C Noah
Jim Madrigal::butler is a natural SF, snell is a shooter and would obv be the future SG.
Robert Janousek::Give it up.  The Bulls don't have the cap space to sign Melo. It's not happening.
Adam Youman::we dont want carmelo. ball hog who slows down the offense and cant play any defense. sounds alot like what boozer is doing right now. no thankyou
John Thomas::Losing the leading scorer on your team can't be a momentum boost
Shawn Key::Deng! The Bulls won!(see what I did there)
Timothy Pfingsten::Keep bombing 3's when not needed idiots
Brandon Duenas::Horrible loss for my Suns. Ugh.
