Brian Lee Meyer::Their record is 24-5, not 23-6.
Travis Cook::Joe Johnson, Derek Williams, and Lopez are all overrated. Pierce and Garnett can barely run up and down the court because of age. How did the Nets not see this disaster in the making?
Rob Rexer::Because Billy King doesn't know what he's doing.   He's the Nets version of Isiah Thomas. The only decent signing was Livingston and Mirza looks like he has potential. I didn't realise as well that KG can't shoot a lick, JJ  has an overrated jumper and D Williams is average at best
Leland Wong::Good opportunity for the Pacers to gain a game in the Eastern Conference, Miami will lose to the Blazers. LBJ is out.
Kyle White::They already gained one last night when Heat lost to the Kings lol. But hopefully like you said they gain another and the Blazers win tonight.
Leland Wong::Kyle White I am sure the Heat will lose and the Pacers will win tonight. The Heat have a bad coach.
Lindsay Crampton::Boshasaurus hit a buzzer beater..the Heat won
Jonah Swidan::I expect a Pacers win here once again!  Go Pacers!!  Rest up these next 5 days and happy holidays to all!!!
Josh Strouth::Merry Christmas to you, too!
Roger Boyd::Four straight thumpings and the next nine on the schedule should be wins also. This team is scary good!
Alan Ogg::early vacation for pacers once they lose first round to the 7th seed
Rob Borders::Alan we all know you are a troll, but you make yourself sound really stupid.
Alan Ogg::Rob Borders took a few days off from the tractor i see
Chelo Mejias::Did Lance Stephenson and Danny Granger switch talent?
Benny Thai Tran::Chelo, Granger is just making a come back.  You can't possibly compare the two.
Chelo Mejias::Benny Thai Tran   You took it the wrong way Tran man.... Lance wasn't good last year and is awesome this year.. Granger has made 2-3 comebacks with no positive results showing...hence i made the comparison
Benny Thai Tran::First off, Lance skill sets is the same from last year, he just not making bone decisions anymore and he's much more mature.  No matter how good Lance become, he will never a be good shooter like Granger.  Granger has been out for almost two years, and you are already got him full y evaluated after 3 games.  Last, Lance is a 2 guard and Granger is a small forward, totally wrong comparison, and if you were going to compare him to anyone, it would be PG.  Have every play high school bastketball, College, or Pro?  No and neither have I, we don't know how are we it takes to get back to timing, cohesion with teammates, and the endurance of an NBA game.  Wait for another 30 games and then come back and say something about Granger.
Shanny Salcedo::what a travesty, this game gets picked over portland vs miami for game of the night
Chad Justice::I agree as a Pacer fan that the Miami vs. Portland matchup would be better watching as Indiana will most likely roll over Broklyn, but both Miami and Portland played on xmas whereas Indiana was snubbed so I can see why this game is.
Josh Strouth::Chad Justice, Portland didn't play on Christmas, both conference leaders got snubbed.
Michael Green::Wow that is crazy that they are showing the Pacers vs Nets over the Heat v Blazers.  I wonder if this is supposed to be fan night where they have fans voting on a game that they want to see.  Even as a Pacer fan I would much rather see the Heat vs Blazers.  Since living here in Indy I can watch the game on Fox Sports Midwest.
Ray Waterman::Go Pacers, destroy the Nets!!!
Steve Blesson::Why is the NBA and ESPN promoting Paul George all the time when clearly the best player in Indiana has been Lance Stephenson? He had 23-9-7 tonight, Paul had only 24-3-2 or some...
Steven Rivera::Trying to create the "Next big thing"
Kenny Kuang::Paul George is the bigger NAME now.
Wyatt Urbahns::why are you trying to use 1 game as any sort of basis for a comparison of what's been happening for the rest of the season?
Alan Ogg::LMAO the 'best in the east' with only 104 comments hours after a win. nobody cares about this crappy team at all. Pacers suck
Kyle White::Hahahahahahahahaha, no hold on a second, hahahahahahahaha. Man I love how you always ranking teams by how many comments they get on a message board. Hahahahahahaha thanks for making me laugh tonight Alan Ogg. I've been missing you trolling the Pacers forums for the past couple games but glad you're back now. Phew need a breather after all that laughter see you next game against the Cavs.
Ricky Durlacher::104= the number of times you jacked off in the bathroom at mcdonalds..... theres nothing to comment about when you kill a team
Alexander Banks::Yet, YOUR attendance to the Pacers game message boards remains perfect.   Also, the way ESPN and the NBA dismiss the smaller media market teams, why do we care how many posts are on these boards?   I'd rather keep the bulk of Pacers activity on the local sites, where this team gets the due respect.   Only Heat "fans" obsess about how much SportsCenter or David Stern loves them.
Ben Rinaldi::It's sad, but KG is done in this league.  Just painful watching him play right now after such an incredible career.
Indy Brent::Born Ready is possibly transforming into one of the best 2 guards in the NBA right before our eyes
John Bunch::Best rebounding 2 guard in the league bar none.
Patrick Bolner::John Bunch He steals rebounds from his own teammates lol I love Lance.
Rob Rexer::Joe Johnson is awful; so is Derek Williams - this coming from a Nets fan
Dean Helming::I wish they would have Paul George take the technicals
Matthew Vonburg::They did and he missed
Jacob Vickers::Matthew Vonburg Once. He's the team's best foul shooter.
Adam Fichtelberg::ATTENTION PACERS: IF YOU TRADE FOR ASIK, YOU WILL BEAT THE HEAT IN THE PLAYOFFS. WIth Hibbert in the lineup, it is evident that the Heat can't handle it, but he's stuck around 30 minutes a night. If you get Asik in there, you don't lose much of a presence. Trade Mahimi, Copeland, and a first round pick and you're in the NBA finals!
Daren Graves::No I wouldn't trade Mahimi! He a pretty good backup and shot blocker..
Ben Rinaldi::Explain to me how the Pacers are supposed to re-sign Lance Stephenson next season when Asik is making 15 million dollars as a backup center? That's why it would be a terrible move.  This team can make the NBA Finals with what they have.
Zack Schooler::No thanks. As much as I want to see them pay 15 million dollars for a back up center I think I'll pass
Edo Kajan::Drafting Solomon Hill instead of Tim Hardaway, Jr was a mistake,now when everyone finally realized that George Hill is not a  Point Guard,want's to trade Granger for Rondo.I think that's a mistake bringing in a guy that can't shoot when our problem has been scoring from the starters to the bench.
Scott Hall::Tim Hardaway Jr would not be seeing the floor either
Patrick Bolner::Scott Hall Exactly. Also, Rondo might not be a good shooter but he would make our offense run more smoothly and guys would get more easy buckets. This would make our offense better overall. He also fits our team philosophy of defense first and would be another triple double monster to go along with Lance. I think the trade would be a mistake right now because of chemistry and money issues. Chemistry is a fickle thing and the Pacers are rolling. Pacers need money to resign Lance. Rondo would fit in just fine with the Pacers it's just not good timing.
Andy Hussong::How in the world can Paul George be 6th in NBA history in 3-pointers with 378... when the 250th spot belongs to DJ Augustin with 434, or so (was mentioned at the bottom of the article)?
Zack Schooler::The statistic they showed during the game was Pacers history......
Amos Seabolt::Lance Stephenson's a big part of this Pacer  team ......similar to Rhondo of the Celtics, I cant wait til the playoffs to see how well  Granger  has adapted to the team. Pacer's are stacked not  Brooklyn!
Steven Christian Shaw::Don't know If Granger will be there come playoffs.  They may use him to upgrade PG.  But Bird knows what he is doing.
Justin Ryne McCoy::Steven Christian Shaw cant trade danny. need that cap space
Steven Christian Shaw::Justin Ryne McCoy You can trade Danny.  And you should If it means getting a quality PG on a good contract.  But yes you do need to resign lance and PG24 contract will kick in soon too.
Alvin Castillo::3rd quarter the nets favorite quarter.. its like siesta time for them..  joe johnson has been asleep since the opening quarter better wake him up and send him home.. that player is a bum..
Kyle White::Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel Calm down. It's only the first half and you see our best defender is on the bench resting. It isn't the end of the world if the Nets have the lead right now.
Steven Christian Shaw::Let's see PG24 has only taken 2 shots and plays better in the 2nd half anyway.  Nope I wouldn't be worried.
John Osaki Jr.::Check out Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Rönald Clärk::Nets suck so bad their fan base has sunk to dissing comment numbers.. smh.
Mark Antwan::Lol Miami will Does lose because Beasley and Bosh don't play together but Miami wins with or without the King tonight
Alexander Banks::Wrong thread.  We don't care.
Ivan Diaz::I wuld luv to c da pacers rest dey bigs against weak teams like tonite jus to have em fresh healthy fo da playoffs tho
Jonah Swidan::Whatever you just said?
Daymeon Craig::The pacers should go undefeated in Jan with there schedule if they play like they did to open the season!!
Steven Christian Shaw::Yeah but they will slip up and lose a game I'm sure.  Hard to keep that intensity(got to save it for the Playoffs)
Jonah Swidan::As a diehard Pacers fan, I know this team will have a bad game or two to a bad team, even the Thunder lost at home to the Raptors.  I would love to see the Pacers do that but they'll lose a couple
