ATLrepresent11::I think the biggest story out of this game is that the Hawks get more ESPN air time because they lost. F.uck ESPN.
91Gmoney9009::No the biggest story is our 12 point 3rd quarter lol
91Gmoney9009::I'm really upset about this game. I watched the first quarter and Hawks were up by like 5. Then mid-way through the second quarter Hawks were up by like12. So I turned the game off thinking we were gonna have another blowout win. Then I flip back in the 4th quarter only to find the Hawks down by 17? Joe Johnson is a great player but his inconsistencies are really killing the Hawks this year. Every time he has a 30 point game he follows it up with a 10 point game. We need a guy that can consistently score 20+ per game and a rebounder that can consistently get 10+ boards per game. Until then, we will always be a 2nd round and done team.
Griss13ears::Not sure which game you were watching, but it wasn't the Grizz-Hawks game. The Hawks were never up by 12 in the second qtr. Not even close.
91Gmoney9009::But I think I got the quarters switched. 12 in the 1st and 5 in the 2nd sounds more like it.
91Gmoney9009::The Hawks led for most of the first quarter and the first half of the second quarter. I dont remember exact numerical amounts thats why I said "like". Coulda been 8, coulda been 11.
wkdavis85::Have  you not watched the Grizz play this year? They dont realize that the first half exists.
atlhawks27::why you being so cocky over one game?
91Gmoney9009::No I have not watched the Grizz play this year. Living in GA, we get the games that are televised on ESPN, TNT, or Fox Sports South. Grizz dont usually play on any of those networks.
fordt987::Lots of minutes off the bench for the Hawks
atlhawks27::the hawks do that every game
dan torell::I missed this game... dang it! Anyway, One loss is not the end of the world.   Go Hawks.
miamidude1824::atlants hawks played like s.h.i.t
tbomber2::This just in: Atlanta fans get reality check, temporarily shut the f.uck up.
MrRelevant::haha. funny. Had way more to do with fatigue than the Hawks' true colors. It's good to dream though isn't it? Stop hating. In the long run it'll make you feel better about yourself.
onthemic79::Games like this are the reason why nobody ever really takes the Hawks seriously.  I realize that its basketball, but man, right now, we have no chance at being more than mediocre.
mlevkowitz::Kirk Hinrich for Jose Calderon - Hawks fans, you take it or no?  http://nyfwc.com/?p=3562
Your Mom Liked My Post::dumb. The hawks need post players not guards
daDboyz1185::just telling yall now....Its grind time the grizz will end up 5th or 6th seed and will end up in the Western Conference Finals......Oh I cant wait to get ZBO back......Grind Time Baby!!!!!!
royboy1978::Another report is saying that Z-Bo is on schedule to come back soon. :)
wkdavis85::Lionel Hollins said earlier this week that Randolph could be out the whole season. :(
isellshoes::I can't remember the last time seeing someone at a +40 when they've been on the court. Gasol got it done tonight.
DeadStarVictim::Has anyone ever noticed that Atlanta can beat finesse teams with ease but when it comes to scrappy physical teams they usually end up demolished. They are far less talented than Miami but if the big three play they win, the second the three are down to one and that team reverts to a physical style they blow Atlanta out. Atlanta plays a finesse Boston team well but struggles against teams like the Bobcats and Orlando because they are more physical. Atlanta needs to find some physical talent. You can't have such wussy players leading your team if you expect to ever win a championship.
91Gmoney9009::Blow out? It was an overtime loss lol
Your Mom Liked My Post::Deadstar your openining statement is true, but some straight up incorrect info afterwards. Even with the "Big 3" Miami isnt that much more talented than the Hawks as a complete roster, and when the Hawks lost to the Heat without LBJ and Wade, it wasnt  a "blow out"
daDboyz1185::Grind time baby go Griz!!!!
royboy1978::Hate that I missed the game, but I'm glad that the Grizz came out on all cylinders and played like the contenders they are.
royboy1978::Our team has the potential and yes we are contenders,  Don't let the win-loss record fool you kid.
91Gmoney9009::12-10 Contenders?
supreme91::Josh Smith  got posterized by Tony Allen tho
J-SMOOVE2020::THE FACT WE GOT HATERS AND SPAMMERS IS A GOOD SIGN.  GO HAWKS!!!!!!!!!
daDboyz1185::Grind Time Ho!!!!! Thats a fact!
J-SMOOVE2020::ITS JUST ONE GAME PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!
Tonymojo3::EXACTLY!!!   THE Heat lost to the bucks!!
bombteacher::Same Old Hawks...Beat the Dregs of the NBA but can't beat a .500 team at all. Suck $@% Slackers!
daDboyz1185::Grind Time Ho!!!!
J-SMOOVE2020::yeah, you are probably a magic fan.  sorry dude.  your team is heading to the toilet
Joeantnam::Hawks=dogs
J-SMOOVE2020::suck a pecker
Joeschmo loves Heat::Hawks missed their chance to grab first place but these games happen... the Heat just had one...  Maybe next time. Now that Orlando is clearly not competing for second it looks like it's just Hawks and Heat.
daDboyz1185::Grind Time HO!!!!
J-SMOOVE2020::its just one game.
J-SMOOVE2020::HEY OUTLAW JOSE WALES. HAWKS 4 MAGIC 2 TELL ME HOW MY A$$ TASTES
J-SMOOVE2020::OH, AND SAY GOODBYE TO DWIGHT HOWARD FOR ME
123444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444::Great Job win Grizzlies Good Job
Titans Yemen::Go Grizz :&gt;
J-SMOOVE2020::16-7 is a solid record, but this upcoming schedule is rough.  Our management needs to sign some frontcourt depth with Horford and possible Collins out.  Next game is Saturday Night at the Highlight Factory vs the 76ers.  I want some payback vs Philly.  GO HAWKS.
darwinislord::Wow, I thought there was a Hawks game tonight, but they didn't show.
J-SMOOVE2020::good one.  now go suck some peckers
Btyree9::@JulioJonesBrother Thanks for sticking up for the Hawks on a consistent basis. I don't comment much but I love the Hawks. I like seeing you on here every day backing up your team. Good job.
Btyree9::Hahaha nah I don't comment much, but I get on all the time. Lol.
matt ryan chipper jones::lol good job wo man and u said u didnt get on much and u sall him posting every day
Jhe1125::good game hawks.  losses like that are tough but yall are a good team and will rebound
GOGRIZZLIES23::memphis 2 in a row baby keep going.
Titans Yemen::We have to beat Okc tomorrow to get respect . (:
supreme91::remember when the hornets beat the hawks by like 50 last yr
J-SMOOVE2020::hawks went further in the playoffs than the hornets did last year too.  i guess you have nothing to say now.  yeah, thats what i thought you d-bag
matt ryan chipper jones::no i dont i dont reamember when the hawks lose by 50
yodaspeaks::Im watching Rose on a turf toe go out and play hard and the Hawks pull this mess.  When you pull stunts like this, your record doesnt mean anything.  It just doesnt.  In fact, it makes the east look like a joke...expecially when you see who is 9 and 10 in the west.
J-SMOOVE2020::First of all, we are without our all-star center, Al Horford.  Second of all, the hardest game to win is always the first home game after a long road trip.  Third of all, Rose is playing vs a sub 500 knicks team while we are taking on a team that beat the #1 seed Spurs and took the Thunder to 7 games last year.  So why dont you get the hell out of here you hater.
jcueva64::hawks are the worst over rated team in the league be out by the second round if they are lucky to get out of the first round
J-SMOOVE2020::yeah, one bad loss really does define your season.  smfh
J-SMOOVE2020::Hawks are 16-7.  Suck it haters.  You do realize we are without Horford?
Titans Yemen::Z-bo Much better than Horford.
J-SMOOVE2020::um, NO!!!!  zach randolph had one fluke postseason.  now go eat a dik
matt ryan chipper jones::and by thee way Horford is are best player .And Horford is two times better than the grizzlies best player .
daDboyz1185::D U M B A S S
daDboyz1185::youre an idiot.......................wow go to magic and get a lap dance your idiot!!! Zbo is better M Gasol is better Rudy Gay is better......Tony Allen isnt a better fundamental player but I will take him over Horford any day.....Grind Time $@%!$@%!!!!
CosmoKramer1444::And you're full of crap and obviously don't watch basketball. Horford has NEVER dominated like Z-BO.
BowFlexTCTGP::Horford better than ZBo?? ur crazy
Jhe1125::you do realize the grizz are without their best player?
Sixers1234567::Where will Dwight Howard be traded?
GOGRIZZLIES23::bull he shall be.
J-SMOOVE2020::um, NO!!!
lunateec27::Don't care.
yodaspeaks::Hey, dump on me for calling out the hawks for laying an egg tonight.  But dont get in my face about the hawks being an "elite" team.  Hawks are regular season over achievers.  Nothing more.
me_destruit::Elite teams get beat by bad teams all the time(and Memphis isn't all that bad of a team, they've had some key injuries this year which have distorted their record a bit). Miami has lost to Milwaukee twice(and please don't tell me Milwaukee's recent little warm streak makes them good), and Golden State. Chicago has lost to Golden State as well. OKC dropped a game to the Wizards for god's sake. Good teams, even great teams, don't go undefeated.
yodaspeaks::A Loss is a Loss?  sure.  but show up.  Sheesh.
me_destruit::Not really, Mr. Self-Liker. A loss is a loss, regardless of how bad it is. A win is a win, regardless of how much you win by. When it comes to a 7 game series you don't say "oh hey, that major offensive team beat their opponent by 25 points a game in their wins...but lost the series 4-2."
yodaspeaks::there is a difference between losing a close game and not showing up.
lunateec27::It's just one game.  I'm pretty sure they'll bounce back next time.
yodaspeaks::One game after an off day against a quality team at your house.
yodaspeaks::Who posts in Hawks vs Raptor/Nets/Wizards forums?  Hawks can get up for the Heat/Lakers...but cant get up for a Western Confernce finalist?
JulioJonesBrother::We can't "get in your face," because you're only here on rare occasions we lose.
espncomnba::dam.n 771 comments. SAD!
JulioJonesBrother::Never mind we beat the Bulls by 15.  Never mind we beat the Heat in Miami.  We just lost to the Grizzlies, and shouldn't be allowed to play in the NBA!  Lol.
GOGRIZZLIES23::i agree with you completely. if memphis was in the east they would be a 4th seed in the playoffs. but since they are in the west which is more consistent they have to be 8th. but it doesnt matter this year they'll pull off a miracle run (:
playinaround2::Yep, Hawks just crossed over into the West, that's all. They'll be fine when they go back on their own weak side of the street.
grizz_nation_will_rise::Charlotte, Washington, Cleveland, New Jersey, Toronto, and Detroit all in the same conference?? Just sad lol.
bbhsstats::Try english and repost please.
grizz_nation_will_rise::Are you referring to my post?
grizz_nation_will_rise::The Grizz are a playoff quality team in a divison where the 8 seed is consistently 8 to 10 games over 500, unlike in the distraught East where the 8 seed is consistenly 8 to 10 games below 500.
outlawjoseywhales1981::You also got killed by SA... Got shamed by Indy and Philly also.
me_destruit::When you lose, you're the worst team ever...when you win over any competition, it's "expected." This is how fans work, especially those who aren't actually fans and think 82(or 66 in this years case)-0 is possible.
yodaspeaks::Your team didnt chose to compete tonight.
Joesport::so proud
atlhawks27::well grizz fans you have the right the right to troll on to the next game hawks
yodaspeaks::The hawks didnt even have a game yesterday.  What is the excuse for this?
ITSshifty99::thats the excuse
me_destruit::They just wanted to see your $@%! poor commenting over with for the week. You know, they had to make sure you got your weekly chance to talk $@%! before you hide under your rock for the next week.
JulioJonesBrother::Cause we wanted to see your ugly face again and check up on how you were doing, since you can't make it on the board when we're winning.
lunateec27::Typical Hawks.
lunateec27::I'm saying... the 16-7 Hawks are playing like the old-crappy Hawks I know.  I really thought they are going to compete but instead they pulled a clunker at home.  At 16-7 and at home, they should be competing at least.    Maybe they're tired.  Oh well.
lunateec27::Mentally tired.
yodaspeaks::Tired from their day off yesterday i guess.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Oh, and the Hawks will be at .500 by the end of this month.
outlawjoseywhales1981::13-0 against teams with losing record.  3-7 against teams with winning records.
me_destruit::OKC lost to Washington. Chicago and Miami both lost to Golden State. So no, not everybody beats those teams(hence those teams having wins).
outlawjoseywhales1981::Nobody cares about wins over Toronto, Washington, NJ and those teams. Everybody beats those teams.
jbfreeman62::How many losses do the heat have to teams under 500? the bulls?
JulioJonesBrother::16-7.  Outlaw, you were saying?
JulioJonesBrother::Yeah. Typical 16-7 Hawks. Ho hum.
me_destruit::When was the last time the Knicks, Pistons or Bulls won a championship and how does that relate to anything regarding this year?
bbhsstats::Yeah, ho hum.  Now, how many championships do you guys have?  I'm thinking not near as many as the real NBA guys(Celts, Knicks, Detroit, Chicago, Lakers et al.....)
JulioJonesBrother::outlawjosey!  Good to see you again.
yodaspeaks::The hawks play a best 8 nba team at home and get trounced?  Who cares the hawks are mopping up the retract worthy NBA teams?
JulioJonesBrother::You've got a PHENOMENAL knack for commenting ONLY when the Hawks lose. It's gotta be a skill or something.
atlhawks27::as a hawks fans they need to start beating way more teams over 500 to get some respect because this is getting out of hand if the hawks want respect go earn it its like they never try knowing if they beat teams over 500 they will get some respect untill then this is gonna keep going like when the hawks beat the bulls and the heat people said that wasnt a fair win but i say they can go to hell all the hawks need to do is beat the teams that people say are one of the best teams and the grizz are underrated but in my eyes they are one of the best teams.
lunateec27::lol
grizz_nation_will_rise::You, my friend need to be introduced to one of the great benefits of the English language: punctuation...
grizz_nation_will_rise::That thing that makes long comments less painful to read.
JulioJonesBrother::wats dat?
outlawjoseywhales1981::Your team is a joke.
atlhawks27::well thats nice to know man
yodaspeaks::Games like this are exactly the reason why TNT is scared to put the hawks on national TV.
JulioJonesBrother::I'm scared of seeing Charles Barkley and his p.iss-poor announcing talk about my team.
lunateec27::Ditto
gregorio363::ALMOST BETTER TO GET BEAT LIKE THIS THAN CLOSE LOSE                                                                                  --LOSING FANS QUOTE
gregorio363::LOSS--WHATEVER   --I GIVE
playinaround2::Nice of the Griz to let the Hawks have a bit of dignity back there at the end.
jbfreeman62::Good game griz I think we needed a tough loss at home like this to wake up the team going into a tough February
outlawjoseywhales1981::ATL is going to get beat down this month.
jbfreeman62::I'm looking foward to not seeing too much of you as we have a winning month
JulioJonesBrother::Good game Grizz
gregorio363::GATORS BETTER BE WINNING
Rick-Da-Villain::Are you butt hurt now dumbassss
JulioJonesBrother::Gaytors suck.
JulioJonesBrother::IT'S A BLOCK PARTY
jbfreeman62::Griz fans aren't trolling its other teams fans I'm guessing Heat and Bulls still butt hurt from last night
gregorio363::GOOD BLOCK
Kingchunny::Way to show up ATL, you $@%!$@% pieces of $@%!$
JulioJonesBrother::Lol @ you betting on the Hawks.
