Road dog Red::Brandon Bass so SUX
Paul41066::Heats last loss was against the C,s.I can see that streak ending,if still intact,ending March 18th against WHO??The Boston Celtics!!
565Eric::Pacers was last to beat the Heat.
mrzonacat::If someone had told me back when I was cheering on the Worthy, Kareem and Magic led Lakers to pound on the Bird and McHale led Celts, that a quarter century later I would be cheering for the Celtics and loathing the Lakers, I would have thought they were certifiably insane. Never say never.   Why the change in perception? Jason Terry, KG and Pierce are class acts. Kobe and Gasol are arrogant idiots.
Paul41066::Finally, you came to your senses.
Road dog Red::maybe KG isn't paranoid after alll
Road dog Red::The Celtics win isn't even up at the ESPN NBA home right now.. but the Cheats, Blunders, Fakers and Crooklyns are... even lousy Portland is. Overtime with playoff implications ...screw BossTown anyway possible   what a JOKE... beating them all makes it so much sweter
Road dog Red::testing 1 2 3
Road dog Red::If the Celtics beat OKC tomorrow the game will get  a 30 second mention on  ESPN If they lose..It will be ESPN's lead basketball story.. with angles and analysis on each quarter and WINNING player interviews... SMH ESPN
Paul41066::ESPN just said Paul Pierce was really gone at trade deadline but the C,s nixed the trade at the last minute.Thank you Lord!!
Paul41066::Really loving this 2013 edition of the Celtics.Talk about never giving up in true Celtics tradition!!
Dribbird.::Not sure why this is showing up on the Celtics page but..   awesome.   @celticsblog RT @patspulpit: Report: #Patriots Showing Interest in Mike Wallace #nflfreeagency http://t.co/65h0QRPR3H
Dwayne_Johnson23::I'm trying not to get my hopes up
Dribbird.::Yea. As far as the Patriots go I don't believe it until I actually see it happen.
fullyfullofit::It will be very exciting when the Celtics beat the Heat in the 2nd round of the playoffs!
Dribbird.::lol, Jimmy.  He's a Heat fan.  It not like anything he says will be taken seriously anyway.
Jimmy30313::You seem to care about Boston as you are here. Oh well, just another hater
moosiphoosus::Jimmy30313 - "No you are just a hater. Why else would you be here? People write the Celts off all the time, yet we never go away. No one here cares what you think"  You seem to care
Jimmy30313::No you are just a hater. Why else would you be here? People write the Celts off all the time, yet we never go away. No one here cares what you think
Dribbird.::It's not like they took the Heat to game 7 last season (and they really won game 2).  And it's not like they haven't beaten the Heat without Rondo this season anyway.    But keep listening to ESPN telling you LeBron is a demigod.
moosiphoosus::Not a Heat fan...but the Celts won't win a game...the C's will be skunked
moosiphoosus::2013
Jimmy30313::What? No sh.it but that has nothing to do with what I said
moosiphoosus::Jimmy30313 - Oh so you are a lebron fan lol  If Lebron was in a Celts uni, you would be a Lebron fan as well....but you are a Lebron fan
Jimmy30313::Oh so you are a lebron fan lol
moosiphoosus::Jimmy30313 - Wow I wish I could see the future  No wait I do!!!...ohhhhh its LEBRON!!  - KG
Jimmy30313::Wow I wish I could see the future
moosiphoosus::Heat 4 ...Boston 0
Jimmy30313::When was that series?
moosiphoosus::hahahhahahahahahhaahahaha. YOU DON"T BELIEVE THIS ONE!
Jimmy30313::Why not?
The3rdComing.::Lets not get carried away.
Paulleenna12::Good win for the Celtics! I'm going to get a personalized avatar, any photo suggestions for me? That crazy guy with 1 n is still misrepresenting me. Ignore at best.
Jimmy30313::Just upload a photo of yourself
Dribbird.::Get a picture of a troll.  I suggest something like this  http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120123111645/elderscrolls/images/6/6c/Frosttroll.png
Dwayne_Johnson23::Then make it pink
Paulleenna12::That's not funny, lol I was think something a little more feminine
Dribbird.::David West is an unrestricted free agent this season.  I have no idea what Indiana's plans are as far as resigning him.  But the Celtics almost signed him last time he was a free agent.  I'd love to see the C's take another shot at him.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Sully + David West off the bench?  I like it.    Perhaps we could get rid of Bass then too!
moosiphoosus::West ain't coming off anyone's bench and get your check book out.  West will get paid next contract.
Jimmy30313::That would make my day if we could pull that off
Dribbird.::lol, I don't know if Brady really is taking a paycut when he is making more money.  but he did still gave the Patriots a hell of a deal.
Jimmy30313::Guys will just have to take pay cuts like Tom Brady
Dribbird.::Well, we don't have any room under the cap, but I don't think they are in the Luxury tax.   They could still do a sign and trade.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Oh we have 0 room under the cap for next season.  It's either mid-level or bi-annual exception
Dribbird.::I don't think they have a lot of room under the cap.  But if Danny could find a way to pull off a sign and trade I may finally be able to for give him for the 2010 season.
Dribbird.::Dan, if the Hawks lose Josh Smith in free agency they will have a ton of money to play with.  How do you think they replace him?
Jimmy30313::The problem in LA is Kobe and Howard both have huge egos and want to be the hero of every game. No one accepts their role on that team. Just a team of individuals
DanHalen880::dribbard - at this point i completely agree about howard.  i was bummed we didn't get him...now i am ok with it.  he ALSO needs vets to tell him to shut up. he's getting it and throwing a tantrum
moosiphoosus::Howard will be fine... wait til he gets his back 100% or very near
DanHalen880::exactly. total tantrum
Dribbird.::lol.  But Howard has a veteran presence telling him to shut up and he still can't do it.
DanHalen880::that's a great question...  the 'pie in the sky' scenario was to keep him and bring in dwight howard and chris paul.  not likely to happen so i'm torn. A - go get a major star to put with horford and teague B - get 1 year guns for hire C - develop the young talent and tough it out for a couple more years.  honestly i'm shocked that we have won this many games this year.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Ha I was going to bring Shelden, but he's my boy.  Can't hate on the Duke guys
DanHalen880::sure...why not...?  chris paul is on the board? no sir....we want this kid from UNC.   please don't forget that we also took SHELDEN WILLIAMS with our 1st pick (5th overall) in 2006
Dwayne_Johnson23::Well, you could always sign Marvin Williams!!!!!
DanHalen880::^^^^ i'd sooner sign George Jefferson.  ha!  but for real...he's probably fine, but i like horford and pachulia already.  we need that 3 guard.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Also, Monta Ellis will most likely opt out of his contract for next season, making him a free agent.  That's a nice upgrade over Devin Harris
Dwayne_Johnson23::Richard Jefferson.  Just kidding, Big Al
Dribbird.::Personally I think the worst thing Atlanta can do is go after Dwight Howard.  Even with a veteran presence like Kobe he is still a major headache in the locker room and loves to play his own game... which is a  good and bad thing.    I think that would just be a little redundant after giving up on Smith.  But Howard may stay in LA so that could all be for nothing anyway.
DanHalen880::sorry...which jefferson?
Dwayne_Johnson23::No Jefferson?
Dwayne_Johnson23::After reading about that potential Pierce and a first rounder for Josh Smith, I have to wonder if Danny Ainge is suffering mental dementia
DanHalen880::with a change of scenery, a really strong coach, and vets...Josh Smith could very well mature overnight.  his potential is unreal. what we're watching is a guy trying to do WAY too much...and nobody to tell him to stop
Jimmy30313::I agree. Thats why I wouldnt mind signing him as a FA but we aint giving him no max contract
Dwayne_Johnson23::Oh yea, Ainge was going to give him a max contract as well! Such an idiot
DanHalen880::the only way josh smith will be any good would be to play on a team WITH pierce, garnett and vets that won't tolerate his s.h.1T
Dwayne_Johnson23::Exactly
Chestnut Trill::2007-08 reg season avgs rondo 15.7ppg, 5.1asts, 3.2 rebs per game..  2007-08 post season avgs 10+ ppg, 6asts, 4rebs per game....  pretty good numbers for a young player.
Jimmy30313::I remember all the "experts" that season were calling him the "weak link" at the beginning of the season. Guess he proved them wrong
Dribbird.::Especially for a second year player who was 1 and done in college.  He was 19 at the beginning of that season.  Crazy to think about.
Jimmy30313::Ill say
Chestnut Trill::rondo is a monster PG in this league. He can help any team win. INCLUDING THIS CURRENT CELTICS TEAM LIKE HE DID IN 07. We will see how this rondo-less team does in the playoffs...that will be the true test.
Jimmy30313::07? you mean 08
Jimmy30313::All good
Chestnut Trill::07-08, sorry fellas
Jimmy30313::I suppose, but he said "game 7 of the 2007 finals"
Dribbird.::Well, 07-08 season.  Both technically work.
Dribbird.::I think what they lose on offense they gain on defense.  Not saying the Celtics are a better team without Rondo, they are just a different team.
Dribbird.::I think Josh Smith is an incredibly talented player that has never had a veteran presence around him to team him how to win in the NBA.   I don't watch every Hawks game, but that's just my 2 cents.
DanHalen880::i watch every hawks game and you could not be more dead on.  at times josh smith does things that make you jump off the couch.  but when he tries to take over...it's all facepalming for ATL fans.  you can hear the crowd....literally...yelling "NO!" when he winds up for a 3
DanHalen880::Josh Smith:  vs Lakers. Turnover on last possession. could have shot a 10 footer vs Celtics. Turnover with game on the line 25 seconds left. AIRBALL from 10 feet with 2 seconds (to win) vs celtics. turnover in OT to seal the loss
Jimmy30313::He also kept you guys in the game last night
DanHalen880::yes he did.  as long as the point guards handle the ball and he's posting up or coming off screens...i like him.  but watch a game with a hawks fan and they will open your eyes to how harmful he can be. turnovers, airballs, dumb fouls, disinterest...all at critical times.
PacersSetToWinIt::Well, he wants a huge contract in july.
PacersSetToWinIt::I hate to see guys like him who came in with all the talent but never matured their game. He still has time he needs to really solidify it rigt now.
DanHalen880::highlights of him making the winning shots vs the Lakers and the Celts would make his case.  right now, he's making my point....without proper guidance and vets around him, he is simply awful. i would never put the game in his hands with under a minute.
Chestnut Trill::"they won that title in 08 when rondo wasnt near as big a factor" ?  serious?
kshawn678::One thing I'll say about Rondo is that the bigger the stage, the bigger he plays. He has an extra gear for the playoffs and nationally televised games and is a triple-double machine. If he'd only play that way night in and night out then maybe he could be the team's leader when Pierce retires but I can't see him doing that.
Jimmy30313::He was still vital. But he wasnt the player he is now
Jimmy30313::You mean game 6 2008? And I said that he WAS vital. But not as good as today. Yes that was a good game
Chestnut Trill::game 7 of the 2007 finals he had 20+ pts, 6stls, 7asts, 8 rebs.....how is that not vital?
Dribbird.::He was the starting PG, but I think that championship had more to do with KG Pierce and Ray still in their prime.  Although Rondo did shock a lot of people with how well he played.
PacersSetToWinIt::I don't think he meant he wasn't a factor, just not of much as one as he is today.
Jimmy30313::Hey Dribbird, why Texas Longhorns?
Jimmy30313::Im a Louisiana guy. I dont root for the Hornets because I was a C's fan before we had a team in New Orleans. Chose the Celtics because of my Irish heritage
Dribbird.::Nice.
Dribbird.::Yea.  How about you.  Why LSU and the Saints?
Jimmy30313::fair enough, just curious
Dribbird.::lol, I lived in Austin for a couple years when I was younger.   Started liking them then.
PacersSetToWinIt::I never thought Rondo held the team back. Wow. Maybe they haven't been needing a PG like him this whole time.
Dribbird.::The thing about losing Rondo that makes me nervous is he ALWAYS steps up his game in the playoffs.   Every year he just turns into a different player.  But it should be interesting to see how they play without him in the playoffs.
Jimmy30313::Hope you're right. They did win a title in 08 when Rondo wasn't near as big a factor as he is today, so it's possible
PacersSetToWinIt::His game excels in the playoffs. But i think they have enough perimeter defense and scoring to kind of fill the void a much as they can.
Jimmy30313::I think it's more that the rest of the team has realised that they need to step up. Because no one man can replace Rondo
Dribbird.::The Celtics are now 14-4 since losing Rondo. 15-4 if you count the game he was suspended against the Knicks. That includes wins against the 1,2,3,5, and 7 seed in the East and 3,4,6 and 8 seed in the West. It will be difficult but it would be nice to get another quality win in OKC.
PacersSetToWinIt::C's fans, do you guys think you can beat Miami in a series without Rondo?
Jimmy30313::If I wasnt a fan, I would probably say no. But how can you not believe. The C's will want it more IMO
Dribbird.::I think Rondo is the most talented player on the team but the Celtics play more as a team without him.  I think they can win, but it would be incredibly difficult.
Dribbird.::Next game against in OKC will be a very tough game.  But I think the C's can pull it off.  They already beat OKC once this season and this is Jeff Green's return to OKC.  I'm sure he will get up for this one.
Jimmy30313::Yep he'll definitely play with a chip on his shoulder. A sweep of the Thunder is on the cards
Jimmy30313::Jeff Green's miracle 3 in OT was tipped in by Red Auerbach.
Jimmy30313::Celtic mystique working overtime!
Dribbird.::Last night I was giving Scal credit for that.   But I guess you are right.  It was probably Red.
Road dog Red::Russell is the all-time playoff leader in total (4,104) and average (24.9) rebounds per game, he grabbed 40 rebounds in three separate playoff games (twice in the NBA Finals), and he never failed to average at least 20 rebounds per game in any of his 13 post-season campaigns.
Road dog Red::Check this In his first NBA full season (1957“58), Russell became the first player in NBA history to average more than 20 rebounds per game for an entire season, a feat he accomplished 10 times in his 13 seasons. Russells 51 rebounds in a single game is the second highest performance ever. Career-wise, Russell ranks second in regular season total (21,620) and average (22.5) rebounds per game.
Jimmy30313::Best center of all time
Road dog Red::Atlanta ALWAYS plays the Tics tough
Dwayne_Johnson23::Stupid sportscenter just spent 10 minutes on last nights heat game. What a joke
Road dog Red::They did it again on Wednesday night.. Tics beat Indy on the BEST last play of the Year... and ESPN still slurped Cheat dizzznick all nite long... ESPN slurps like an old woman with no teeth...drooling with a silly smile on their faces... its disgusting
Chestnut Trill::Big win last night...Conf game, at home, natl tv......i like it. moved up to the 6th seed. If BKN lost we might be looking at 5. Celtics are closing in on another division title.....Doc Rivers is an eastern conf / div mastermind. Very thankful he is our coach.
Dwayne_Johnson23:::)
Jimmy30313::Hey Rock
Dwayne_Johnson23::Hey Jimmy
MCR144::Noway they could trade josh smith ..he is just like the atlanta hawks for 40 years..A train wreck..he is totally a hawk SMH
Road dog Red::Hey Jimmay Celts have a 'new' big problem.. Brandon Bass has become the new Rondo... team chemistry killa
Road dog Red::How about UNGODLY awful... cuz God has nothing to do with how bad he is playing
Jimmy30313::Cant argue that. Bass is god awful. It's like he has the hand eye coordination of an earth worm
Chestnut Trill::i wouldnt say he is "god awful"....but he has been struggling as of late. his elbow jumper is not what it was the past couple of years.
Road dog Red::an Amoeba
distone4046::Josh Smith must go!  He is a detriment to the team.  The box score shows him with five turnovers.  The ESPN announcers said he had four turnovers in the overtime alone.  I figure he had at least 10 turnovers but it looked like he had 30.  Coach Drew, you've got to get the ball out of his hands.  For every good thing he does, he does two bad things.  Also, the look on his face during his overtime mistakes indicates he simply doesn't care.
Road dog Red::LMAO.. no kidding... just finding that out???
Jimmy30313::You do realise he was the reason Boston didn't blow you out last night right?
Jimmy30313::True. But we let them hang around too long, should have put them away
distone4046::He is the reason that Boston won last night.
Road dog Red::He was also the reason why they LOST
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Props to my celtics, we were down but figured out what we had to do to get a W. Good comeback win baby
FraternityPranksterMahmoodFikbooty::God I hte ESPN and I HATE the Boston Celtics. Only because of Mrs. Pierce, KG, and DOC. Three maggots
Jimmy30313::And we love haters.
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::I love haters
FraternityPranksterMahmoodFikbooty::Cannot wait for the end of Pierce and KG. This year or next it will be soon. The league will be a better place without the overrated Doc, KG, and Pierce. Go the f uck away
J-SMOOVE38383::fugg the celdicks
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Me too
Jimmy30313::Thats right keep the sour grapes coming.... I love it
SMANGANG::boston threads are dead!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jimmy30313::It's 3am..
American League Championship Series 2004::SMDH  Haters so stupid, right?
redsox__celtics.::Smith went off But the Cs found a way 5 in a row I'm telling you we can catch the Knicks
KJsactown::Been using a betting system called Sportsbettingstar the past few months. I doubled my starting balance my first month and since have averaged around 2-3k a month profits just following this systems picks
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::For reals, you don't get tired of posting the same Sh.it???
Randazzo Peezzeria::Where is the dang link dude?
Jimmy30313::leave!!!
Randazzo Peezzeria::Playoff bound Celtics going to the semifinals.
Randazzo Peezzeria::Roger that
Cswillwin::$@%! i forgot, good look
Randazzo Peezzeria::Dont forget to set your clock back
Cswillwin::more like the ecf, the want mia
Mieryekit::REYNALDO BALKMAN..(former NBA player in Knicks &amp; Nuggets) CHOKED his teammate..!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bmGR2YDa1I
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::4reals except that foo throws elbows and chairs
Mieryekit::looks like MWP right there..! he blows-up!
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::That foo went off, man handled his own teammate. I LOVE IT!!!
Mieryekit::i hope WHITE,RANDOLPH, &amp; T-WILL will play next game and lot of mins.., i want to see their potentials..!   -plzplzDOC! ^_^
Jimmy30313::This!!!! Is the Jason Terry we signed up for
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Really tho, we need JET
blueliner2k3::Two teams that aren't going anywhere but a very entertaining game none the less.
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::He's either a lebronless cavalier fan or a wizard fan lol
Randazzo Peezzeria::I though this guy was NOT a troll.
Jimmy30313::Ok Nostradamus
San David 34::Can you give me your crystal glass? I want to see the future for myself.
KJsactown::Using a betting system called sportsbettingstar the past couple months. Im making between $2000 to $3000 a month average using its picks. If you bet on sports you can learn more about the system by searching online for basketball betting systems
kahl1212::can i borrow 100 bucks?
Randazzo Peezzeria::Where is the link for it?I might give it a try if you post
bobbydagreat::Hawks fans, would you say Josh Smith cost you guys the win?
Xiu Li::Refs cost us the win.
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Xiu li a hawks fan now??? OMG what a shocker
Jimmy30313::Us?
blueliner2k3::Only losers and people that don't understand the game blames refs
73abigaile::Do you think Josh Smith deserves the max contract he is seeking?  What do you think he should get?
bobbydagreat::So you blame the refs and not the 4 turnovers by Smith at the end of the game?
Xiu Li::Rockets WIN! 15 pts and 7 rebounds for Mr. Jeremy WIN Lin!
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Bandwagon rockets only cuz they have Lin who is GARBAGE
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::He's a team hopper he goes for whoever plays the celtics
Randazzo Peezzeria::typical loser troll
Randazzo Peezzeria::lol
kahl1212::wait are you a Hawks fan or a bandwagon Rockets fan?
