wunderrr::Top5 Scorers:  Kevin Love, PF........18.3	 Nikola Pekovic, C.....15.9	 Andrei Kirilenko, SF..13.1	 Luke Ridnour, PG......12.2	 Chase Budinger, SF...11.8
IamnotDeViLzzz::What was the point of giving Will Conroy a chance in a situation where the Wolves need every win they can get til the stars come back ?  We had players on the roster that have performed and then they throw this $@%! out there and he costs us a game ?  Idiotic coaching.
ACDallas702::The difference from last year is that even though they do everything possible to lose games, they have the ability to win some.
Justin Beaver.::Go Wolves! Playoffs 2014!
IFlySheep::17 missed free throws? DAMN!
junoNCAL::LMAO THE WOLVES LOST TO THE BOBCATS. AT HOME!! what a joke of a team haha
eototalt::I don't mind this loss. I know we are literally missing half our team. If we are healthy I know we beat them. /shrug
IFlySheep::The Mavs lost to the Bobcats at home. I wonder if you realize the Bobcats are nothing like they were last year.
Justin Beaver.::It was in Charlotte. And it was in OT.
mn_tanz::An inability to shoot free throws really doomed the wolves in this one.    And not having Pek hurt, too.  It was tough to lose that inside defensive presence.  Oh well.  Hopefully they'll get a few more pieces back for Friday.
themightyrule10::Wolves should have kept Anthony Randolph
gobravesgo10::no ur an idiot if you think that
Percy is Starvin::Yes. I was a huge fan of that guy
Justin Beaver.::Until either of these teams make the playoffs, you shouldn't be talking shit. (Especially Wolves fans, because they talk a ton of shit.)
bruins0157::probaly heat fan
VikingsRavensMN::Say's the guy who has nothing better to do than troll and talk $@%! to MN fans every day. What bandwagon did you jump on that allows you to talk $@%!...
Justin Beaver.::I can't understand a fucking word you're saying.
gmskking::Kemba Walker=Next Allen Iverson
nates888::the record doesnt show win vs losses vs games-they-maybe-would-have-lost-if-no-one-was-injured.  its justs w-l, a wins a win stop making excuses
VikingsRavensMN::I don't mind losing, just don't think the Wolves won't be good this year..
Justin Beaver.::Wolves fans make excuses every year.
Mizzle85::Exactly. When they talk about the Bobcats being 7-59 last year, no one ever talks about how many games Maggette, Henderson, or Augustin missed. Or the fact that Boris Diaw, Tyrus Thomas, and Desagana Diop were all terribly out of shape and not really conditioned to contribute. None of that. Only that they finished as the worst team ever. We had to take those 59 losses. It shouldn't be hard for these guys to take 1.
VikingsRavensMN::What kind of joke is that? It's not an excuse it's a reason...
Justin Beaver.::Go Cats!
YearsInTheMaking::hmm, might actually go to bobcat games this season.
Jacksonpm23::Sadly, same here.
Twinsbaseball8791::free throws become even more important when half the lineup out. And D Williams time to hit up the D league or practice them layups
Twinsbaseball8791::well minus the last 7 seconds they couldnt close it out. it literally was pathetic. that last shot was cold blooded and everybody in the arena knew it was coming. our russian backup guard did not know that was his move
Mizzle85::I'm sorry. Just not seeing anything pathetic about a win.
Twinsbaseball8791::I actually was starting to feel bad for the cats though, they couldnt close it out against our backups with a huge lead. it was kind of pathetic.
Mizzle85::Winnings doesn't = closing it out?
Twinsbaseball8791::Cats are also much improved, good for them. Good scrappy team that likes to run.
pmr04002::"There's a mismatch, step back, party at Kemba!!!"  Just like college.
Ramblin Man 612::I believe it is "Cardiac Kemba" but yes, that looked all too familiar.
Mizzle85::Lol. I described it to my friend at work as "cross, cross, stepback, whop!"
ehizzzo::Bobcats are arguably the best team in the league
Mizzle85::The Bobcats were without their entire SG rotation (Henderson, Gordon), got limited minutes from MKG (bad back, foul trouble), were playing in Minnesota, against a 5-2 team, coming off a back to back after a win the previous night. All excuses that I would've used if we lost, so all of the excuses I'ma use for the win being so close. Keep in mind, the Wolves were down 14-16 for most of the game.
Looks good on u tho::Sorry - but you are going to point to Bobcat injuries?  Dude - you have no idea about injuries.  T-Wolves are missing 6 of their top 7 players.  If anybody has excuses for losing - its the Wolves.
Mizzle85::And for most of the game, it was evident the Wolves had those injuries. Those that are ridiculing the Bobcats for "only winning by 2" are ignoring all of the other things involved, such as us having missing players, and actually dominating for pretty much the whole game. There's no such thing as a moral victory in pro sports.
Finnegan5033::You can say whatever you want. My point was I am not going to feel bad about the Wolves losing with all of their best players out. Nobody has a team as banged up as ours. And don't give me the its just excuses argument. Being able to overcome a player or 2 being out is one thing. But when you have 6 of your 7 best players out that is not making excuses that is a legit reason for losing
Mizzle85::Lol. The day Rick Adelman was hired is the day I started telling everybody the Wolves would be a threat. I'm GLAD yall had all those injuries.
Finnegan5033::I understand Bobcat fans being happy that you are winning. Believe me as a Wolves fan I get it.
Mizzle85::That's fine. Feel how you feel. As a fan of a team coming of a 7-59 season, I'm going to feel how I feel about it. I'm not trying to dog out the Wolves. I think they are a fine team and hope they do some damage in the west. But at the same time, you gotta realize we're gonna cherish every victory here. Especially a three game win streak.
Finnegan5033::The Wolves were without six of their top seven players: Kevin Love (broken right hand), Ricky Rubio (left knee), Chase Budinger (left knee), Nikola Pekovic (left ankle), JJ Barea (left foot) and Brandon Roy (right knee).  Enough said, I just hope the Wolves can hang in there till some of these guys come back. No team is going to win a game against anybody with 6 of their top 7 players out
titito19::For all those who are crying about Minny missing six players of their rotation, remember a few things:  Minny is a team with good depht, a future hall of fame coach and with an amazing amount of talent, that are contending to be a powerhouse in the tough West Conf.  The Bobcats are an extremely young team, with an unexperienced rookie coach, half of the rotation is under 25, they come from being the worst team in NBA history and were missing their starting SG, their 6th man and their newly acquired combo Forward, plus they were playing on the road on back to back nights.
jbark2486::Yeah that Pekovic dude is a baller.  But hey, all I take from this, is that the Bobcats are winning games that they should win, which is more than can be said about last year.
jbark2486::If I'm not mistaken all those players were out when you guys played the Mavs, and you still beat them..
Percy is Starvin::Pek played the majority od the mavs game. The combined 5 points between amundson ans stiemsma last night and 14 boards for mullens proved how important pek is
Moogtoog5000::Go Bobcats.  Over 500 :)
JustinTimeHeHe::If I have a hurt player in fantasy B-ball, should i put him on the bench or UTIL? What is UTIL? does the bench score points? And should i rotate everyday depending on who is playing that day? Thankyou, please help
Percy is Starvin::Bench. No. Yes.
Greg17493::Kemba goin big eat tourney on em. Love it!
emgospartans::"...big eat tourney.."???
GarnerBeatYourSchool::THE SOUTH WILL RISE #KKK
warrdizzle::That-a-way Bobcats!  keep it rollin'!
GarnerBeatYourSchool::SOUTH EAST IS THE TOUGHEST IN THE NBA
GarnerBeatYourSchool::BOBCATS &gt; POOP &gt; THUNDER
marebare1494::get rid of d-will
Percy is Starvin::There was a lot of different ways the Wolves could have won that,  Williams could have learned how to dunk, the team could have learned how to hit free throws, or Amundson could have learned how to play basketball.  None of those happened so the Wolves lost.  Sometimes it happens.  That being said, in two years Kemba will be the most clutch player in the NBA.  Dude is lethal.
Hans0184::Just think D Will... if you would have made just one of the 10 dunks you missed we would have won!! You worthless piece of trash!!! Should have cut your $@% a long time ago because we can't trade you!! No one would want you!!!!
millem365::Looks like coach has to have the team stay after practice today to shoot some free throws (54% is terrible)
emasteraziman::Go Bobcats!  It is great to know that the team is getting more wins than last year.  These wins should bring more confidence, stronger teamwork, and harder effort to win for the team.
Permanot::Pas d'inquiétude ! 17 FT manqués et 6 titulaires absents, ce genre de match finira à +15 dans quelques semaines ..... GO WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLVES !
emasteraziman::Pauvre vous!  Le Timberwolves, il sont mauvaise.
the departed movie theatre scene::hornets beat the wolves bench by 2 points. that's funny.
Mizzle85::Excuses.
tbousu::lol Wolves came back in that game? If those injuries happened to the Cats the starting lineup would be Higgins, Gilchrist, Williams, Thomas, and Biyomobo/Haywood LOL. Glad they could squeak out a buzzer beater against backups.
Mizzle85::You're not the only fans to make excuses this year. Don't feel bad. And acting like we were at full strength is awful clownish of you too. Both of our SGs were out and MKG only played 17 minutes cause of a hurt back. Not to mention we were on the road and playing on a back to back. No matter which way you slice it, it's win # 4 this  year for us. Clown.
azwildcat6867::I have been betting with a system named SportsBettingStar for  only two months and have profitted about 3K each month, I have so far doubled my bank roll just following this system. I don't get how this system is so accurate but it is. You can find this system on the front page of Google by searching the words Online Betting System
WatergateSean::do any of you people even watch basketball? the worst team now has to be either the wizards or the pistons. smh this isnt last year.
wilcox1232::id go with detroit at least the wizards are missing wall
OKC Thunder Rednecks.::The bobcats are still the laughing stalk of the NBA. They played against  mavs  that had no dirk pacers had no granger and the wolves are without six of their top seven guys.....chill u big losers
Mizzle85::Who is laughing?
GarnerBeatYourSchool::BAND-WAGON THUNDER FAN ! NEXT YEAR YOU WILL BE A BOBCATS FAN !
VaporTrail13::The term is laughingSTOCK, not stalk. You obviously have corn on your brain, Okie-boy.
WatergateSean::ur just mad cause without harden okc wont get anywhere
AvengedByCats::This guy made his account today and is liking his own posts.
OKC Thunder Rednecks.::you root for the Panthers and Bobcats. Go kill yourself
RefuelTheFire::Hornets should give up the moniker and it should be the Charlotte Hornets once again
dafigu01::its funny because your team was in a similar position a few years back. You probably weren't a fan then either. bandwagon
OKC Thunder Rednecks.::I would kill myself if I had to root for the Bobcats or Carolina panthers.
DigitalAnger::Trust me Carolina fans are glad you don't. You're a terrible sports fan.
cha cha chia-::I'm gonna miss those bobcat jokes
cha cha chia-::Bobcats are the favorites to win it all
zellbz12::Wolves fans blaming losing to the BOBCATS on injuries, smdh.
ah59396::Where is charlet?  I've heard of Charlotte...but not charlet.  Read a freaking map.  Or book.
westywest2586::Your crazy to not blame it on that. Look who is injured.  One word...Love... not to mention the rest and this game would have easily been won by double digits. The wolves look scary good this year since half their team and 4/5 starting roster is injured.
15sdsukyle::and by closed  I mean the last seconds of the game!
15sdsukyle::We would have won if we had Nikola, Love, JJ, Rubio, Roy, and Budinger. Only one player for charlet might start on the Wolves without injury and that is Kemba. Kid has ice in his veins! Can't wait till everyone his healthy though. AK 47 is so fun to watch, he just makes up as he goes! Bobcats closed well and congrats to them on that though.
Phatepiclewts::Nice, the Bobcats aren't terrible this year!
aaronsmith8818::DO YOU GUYS REALLY THINK WE EXPECT TO WIN OR GET INTO THE PLAYOFFS? ONE THING WE KNOW IS THAT OUR TEAM WILL COMPETE...YOU TEND TO FORGET HOW GARBAGE OKC WAS BEFORE THEY GOT HARDEN...
aaronsmith8818::YOU WANT TO KNOW WHY WE'RE HAPPY?   LAST YEAR WE WOULD HAVE LOST THIS GAME...IF YOU ACTUALLY HAD WATCHED ANY OF THE BOBCATS PREVIOUS GAMES YOU WOULD HAVE SEEN THAT THEY'VE BEEN IN EVERY GAME EXCEPT ONE...
eototalt::I get a good chuckle at Bobcats fans acting like they accomplished something by beating a team that is this depleted. Get back to me when you beat a healthy Wolves team. As a Wolves fan I am surprised we are getting any wins atm. That just goes to show you how great of a coach Adelman is. Don't get me wrong the Bobcats are getting better and I hope they make the playoffs in the next 2-3 years but be real they are not better than the Wolves this year. If rosters and injuries were reversed I would not be bragging about winning this game. The simple fact that the game was this close against the Wolves 2nd and 3rd stringers shows serious problems with this years Bobcats roster. But whatever, that is my final point on all of it. Good Luck this season Cats!
Mizzle85::So, unless we blow a team out (which we were doing for MOST of the game), on a back to back, on the road, against a 5-2 team, we're no good? Do you not realize that teams like the Heat and Thunder don't beat bad teams 130-85 all the time? Games are going to be close sometimes. The Bobcats won. Good luck to your Wolves though. I'm actually somewhat a fan of theirs.
buccodude::this is a great win because for years the cats would lose this game. Good teams win the games they should. We had a big lead but took the foot off the gas pedal and it almost came back to haunt us. It might not be as significant as yours but Hendo and Gordan are both out and those are two guys we turn to for offense, something we desperately lacked in the 2nd half. No one can say we have as much depth as you so those two guys can be considered pretty big losses. Kemba stepped up and the bobcats won a big and difficult game, the second time this season after the OT victory over the mavs. This is the type of game charlotte needs to turn the morale around
buccodude::Last two years the Bobcats have drafted the leaders of national championship teams. Kemba and MKG love and know how to win and can will this team to victory. MKG was quiet tonight after a two big games in a row and it hurt us in the 4th but Kemba picked up the slack. Both these guys will be big time for years to come
XxLeprechaunxX::Kemba most improved player hands down so far
Minnysota Vikings::LOL check out Andrew Bynum's hair..... https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151109772111006&amp;set=a.10150274478951006.330140.7331091005&amp;type=1&amp;theater
XxLeprechaunxX::lol seriously?
aaronsmith8818::arsenal...you want to know what's impressive? that even after losing two fourth quarter leads...even after the Chris Webber mistake...Even after two clenching free throws...Kemba Walker had enough poise to dribble down the court, make a stepback and drain the game winning shot...PERIOD...there are no moral victorals...Bobcats won...even with your depleted roster...you want to talk about a roster? How many players on the Bobcats team would start on other teams?
Minnysota Vikings::Jeez fans are still arguing about this game. The Wolves had a ton of players out, yes. It's extremely frustrating for Wolves fans, and it's frustrating for fans of teams facing the Wolves because the injuries will constantly be brought up. Good win for the improving Bobcats. Now let's move on.
theiggyshow::if malcolm lee wasn't complete trash the wolves would of wwon
MNsportsfan77::Lee was far from the worst of our problems today.  He actually made a majority of his free-throws.  Lou Amundson, Stiesmma and Williams contributed more to the loss than lee.
XxLeprechaunxX::34 pts in the 4th from the wolves? pretty impressive, considering how terrible they are
millem365::The Bobcats were getting over confident in the 4th and almost choked
arenal11::oh i accept the 'cats won.  that is rather obvious.  i just wouldn't be gloating about it if i were a 'cats fan.
arenal11::yep so horrible we came back after you gave up a huge 4th quarter lead and it took a buzzer beater to beat a team w/1 of its starters left.  pretty impressive effort by the wolves indeed.
aaronsmith8818::well then I respect you...it's guys like arenal11 who can't accept the fact that the bobcats won...even with a depleted roster...
eototalt::I wasn't one of them, most agreed with me.
aaronsmith8818::YOU'RE AN IDIOT...I was here...you know what...look through the oldest posts and you'd see people found it laughable that the Bobcats would win...
eototalt::Dude you are dumb most of us were not predicting a win. I said we would be lucky to win this with all our injuries. Stop being a troll.
XxLeprechaunxX::any1 predicting a 10+ pt win for the wolves in this one was fooling themselves, honestly the only thing surprising to me about this game was the fact that we did make a comeback, so many of our scorers out
aaronsmith8818::smh...you're truly a sad soul...when before the game...half the MINNY fans were predicting a 10+ point win...but suddenly the excuses come out...
XxLeprechaunxX::i am most certainly not a charlotte bobcats fan, just trying to be objective about our horrible offense
