Niaglaus::Will some one please answer my  Questions.  1. Why does Houston need Beverly's defense that bad?  2. If he is that special on D, how can they got blown by 33? 3. What happen to 4 other players on court? don't they play any D?   I think Houston is focus too much on the wrong track.  I always think that your best defense is your offense. You live by the sword n die by the sword. Put your best swordsman out there and let them try to stop you.
GoHorns::They need a better coach.  McHale's designed plays are so easily read by defenders... Hardly any off ball screens, designed back door cuts, or designed ball movement plays that swing the ball around the perimeter to rotate the defense out of position.. My god, the thought of what coach Pop would be able to do with this roster!  Actually the very first thing he would do is take the ball out of Harden's hands and have him coming around designed screens/doublescreens with Parson  cutting backdoor, Garcia waiting on the wing for a three, and Bev/Lin at the top waiting at the top for a drive and kick option... Sadly, we're relegated to watching Harden at the top either a) in an iso ...or b) pick-n-roll with Howard...
JosephS::There are three types of Rockets games for Lin fans.  If Lin has a great game, then win or lose, he is a budding superstar who needs to play more.  If Lin has a bad game or doesn't play much and the Rockets lose, then McHale is an idiot for not using him in the right way and Harden is a selfish pig with awful defense who probably molests puppies on the bench.  If Lin has a bad game or doesn't play much and the Rockets win, there is no need to say much as anyone can have an off night.  Everything else is irrelevant.
Jeremy::Harden is painfully inefficient on defense and offense at times.  Howard did his job.
RipeMango::This is Rocket's most lopsided lose of this season @ -33 points.    It is painfully obvious now that Rockets will have huge problems against big teams like Pacers and Miami.   Harden made only 12 points (5 pts were from fouls), so he actually made 8 points from FGA, 3 shots out of 14.  Maybe Harden is still not 100% ( but who really is?), but even if Harden would've made all his shots (39 points), Rockets would've stilled lost by 6 points.     Again, as it always has been, Harden's ineffective D is painfully un-watchable against more rounded players, especially bigger ones.   His 5 TO's in this game are typical even when he is 100%.   Paul George showed what it means to be a well-rounded player.  It also shows what good coaching (not the type that selectively kiss-butts) can do in developing a player.      But we know Hardens will have nights like this and other players should "step-up".  And if it wasn't for D12 and a lukewarm Parsons, this game would be 40+ lose.     So now we come to Bev. who was largely ineffective offensively with 8 points and 1 assist playing over 30 minutes.  Are u kidding me? Come on, 1 assist as the starting PG?   And where's the defensive boost to the team that everyone is talking about?  Sure Bev had 0 TO's, but that means jack-squat when you are obliterated by 33 points.  It means jack-squat when you have no passing, penetrating and spacing skills like a true PG should have.  Yup, Bev did good earlier this season but it was against WEAKER teams with D12/Harden/Parsons (and Lin/Asik when healthy) carrying most of the load.  As we saw, against better teams, Bev's heralded "D" doesn't make a spit of a difference in the outcome of the game.   And Bev isn't even one of the TOP defensive PG in the league, no, not by a long shot.     Not to say Lin would've helped won this game - but with Lin, Rockets had the better potential to beat Pacers.   In many games last season (and few this season), Lin played over 30+ minutes and consistently scored 20-30+ points, averaging 6+ assist per game.  Yes sometimes Lin can score 38 points and the team still lose... but when that happens, it is more of a COACHING problem when you can't get all the players on the same page.     I mean if Bev's spirited D enable Rockets to lose by 33 points (Last year even without D12, Rockets never lost by that much with Lin @ the point), what's the point of having Bev playing the defensive PG?    The problem was never about Lin's defensive or 'better fit'.  The problem is that McHale is unwilling and unable to have a defensive plan that involves disciplining Harden and placing the right players with the right role in the team.  So far, Rockets are winning on pure talents alone.  McHale doesn't "add" to it anymore than he "take away" from it.   And we can see in this game, Bev's "great" defensive was least of Rocket's problems and it amounted to naught against better teams.   Just as earlier this season when the coaching geniuses decided that "Twin-Tower" was a lethal weapon (yes it may work in certain circumstances but not something that was well-thought of to waste 20+ games).   In the end, I see McHale as the limiting factor in Rocket's success.  His rotations and coaching decisions are questionable and lead to more loses than wins.  Sure they are 17-10 now, better than most teams, but most of those wins are against worse teams.   And most teams don't have D12, Hardens, Parsons either in their starting line-up.     Rockets need a better coach who doesn't need to waste 20+ games to experiment with "Twin Tower", "defensive PG" to know it doesn't work.   It also need a better defensive coach who is able to have a team plan for defensive than relying on the whims of its star players.
Ron L::Houston has a long way to go before they can call themselves an elite team in the same class as the Heat, Pacers and Spurs.  No elite team will allow themselves to be blown out by 30+ points and there is no way Houston will win a championship with the mindset of some of the players and coaches on this team.   The coaching staff (at least Mchale) thinks Harden is their elite player.  However, in order to be called elite, it's not just about scoring points but he must also process a defensive game similar to what Paul George brings.  Right now, the way Harden plays, he is just saving his energy for offense and a lot of it is wasted on ISO. He will not carry a team far if he continues with this mentality.   The PG position.  It is just stubbornness if the coaches still believe Beverley is a starting PG material.  I have nothing against him but his so called "defensive skills" is just aggressive play and nothing more.  If he plays 15-20 minutes a game, maybe he can carry on with this aggressiveness but playing 30+ minutes, his skills are diminished because you CANNOT play nonstop aggressive without wearing yourself out.   This was evident tonight with him not being able to guard Hill and Paul George (that really was stupid of Mchale to even think that PB can guard a 6'-10" guard).  Now if PB has better offensive skills, he might help, but it is clear that he does not have good enough PG skills in either scoring or setting up teammates to score and running the offense.   With Howard, it's the same old Howard.  Great defensive player, below average offensively and terrible on the free throw line so we all know what to expect when Houston signed him to a max contract.  The only question is, can he be good enough and does he have the leadership to bring a Championship to Houston. This is what you ask yourself when you sign players to a max contract.  The only bright spot I see is Parsons.  I believe he is the best player on this team because he is a complete player.  He can shoot (2's and 3's), dribble, pass, defend.  He can become another Paul George type of player given time.  I just hope the Rockets can sign him up when his contract expires in 1015.
History Buff::I absolutely love to watch the exciting Pacers and now with Granger, they are a certified threat to the boring Heat!
vic::Again Mchale please read this..from wikipedia..  A point guard, like other player positions in basketball, specializes in certain skills. A point guard's job is to create scoring opportunities for his team, or sometimes attack the basket. Lee Rose has described a point guard as a coach on the floor, who can handle and distribute the ball to teammates.[1] This involves setting up plays on the court, getting the ball to the teammate in the best position to score, and controlling the tempo of the game. A point guard should know when and how to instigate a fast break and when and how to initiate the more deliberate sets.[2] Point guards are expected to be vocal floor leaders, and to discuss rule interpretations with officials. A point guard needs always to have in mind the times on the shot clock and the game clock, the score, the numbers of remaining timeouts for both teams, etc.  After an opponent scores, it is typically the point guard who brings the ball down court to begin an offensive play. Passing skills, ball handling, and court vision are crucial. Speed is important; a speedy point guard is better able to create separation and space off the dribble, giving himself room to work.[1] Point guards are often valued more for their assist totals than for their scoring. Another major evaluation factor is Assist-to-Turnover ratio, which reflects the decision-making skills of the player. Still, a first-rate point guard should also have a reasonably effective jump shot.
T::Kevin McHale is a white version of Mike Wooden, Mr butt kisser Wooden will be history very soon the most I give him is two months this two are the most stubborn idiots or any sports coach, this two idiots thinks just give the dam ball to their super star than they win, this two idiots has been in the business over 20 years still don't understand the simple most important logic in basketball is ball movement sadly this two idiots thinks isolation wins games. Mr Wooden and Mr McHale your two are very great coach any high school will glad to have you guy as coach but please give the f out of the NBA.
RICHARD::Are you playing team basketball when not one players on the team has more than 2 assists? Houston we have a problem.
