tommygtaa::Anyone will watch any game today ? i'm gonna watch them at home on this new live streaming website, they have been streaming all game since the beginning of 2011/2012 nba. Visit www.mynbatv.com Happy new year :D
mr mellow::Maybe Larry Bird has turned the corner as a GM.  I think Larry maybe coming through in the clutch as a GM.  His moves may be paying off draft picks free agent moves etc..
markfox73::pacers off to a nice little start, can they keep it going?   i think they can sneak up on a lot of teams this season..
Mike D.G::the raptors didn't give up behind casey, because they knew he had the smallest idea of how to coach a basketball team, unlike some other coaches (coughjaytrainocough)
Kinga1024::the smallest idea ??
minesy5::lol
Giggityiggity::Never thought it would come to this but, Cavs vs Pacers for the division lead on Friday!  Can't wait!!!!
iownamicrowave::then you've only watched NBA basketball for the last 5 years. Pacers owned that divison for a long time.
Giggityiggity::I've been watching the NBA since I was 5; 1990.
Giggityiggity::I mean, I never thought the Bulls wouldn't be atop the division since they had the #1 seed last year, nor did I expect the Cavs to have a single win and actually play well in it (Cavs fan).  I knew the Pacers were gonna be good with Vogel; dude gets his players fired up.
minesy5::Go the BULLS
jacomine12::hey
PaHs6952::Never will get by the Bulls.
chubby rain::I bet the Pacers wish they never traded Rush now.
iownamicrowave::for someone who hates the Pacers so much, this guy follows them religiously.
tlawyer555::Rush was rated in the 200's in best players in the NBA. They tried to get Redd but even without either, they got another big body, and more room for negotiations next year after what seems to be another strong season to build of last years playoff birth.
noelito69::this game was fix at the end.    why piece of $@%! jonhson need to foul when 3 seconds remains and the score 88 - 85   .  just one reason !   the only way that ind. can cover the spread .   what a mafia.
ktjoyce2::88-85 when fouled...so it was a 1 possesion game, he fouled Collison and he hit 2 FT's.   Of Course Johnson fouled...if Collison doesnt make FT's Toronto still has an chance (a very slim chance) to push the game to OT.   Glad to know if your coaching you'll just tell you team to quit,   I hope I coach against you.
leafsarethebest7::ya,,, since u lost ur bet the game is fixed
ambelgra::everytime a pass is made, the guy who catches the pass is like SHOCKED they got it there
ArcPetretta::landry fields looking good beside the bad passes.
ambelgra::no point guard.....smh.....no way to control the offense
ArcPetretta::too*
ArcPetretta::to many turnovers....
ArcPetretta::looks like it's just me and you lol
ArcPetretta::$@%!$@% spammers.
ambelgra::it is wut it is
ambelgra::defensive struggle? smh, bad offense
ArcPetretta::Amare hasn't been shooting well..
ArcPetretta::stoudemire!
ArcPetretta::*AN-THO-NY
ArcPetretta::carmelo ANTHONY!!!
ambelgra::nah, u gotta say it like "STOUDA-mire!"
ambelgra::oh, amare
ArcPetretta::hopefully no one comes in here.
ArcPetretta::ok
ambelgra::whose in here?
ArcPetretta::here
Jthizz69::Glad to see Paulie George doing well! I think he's an early sleeper for MIP award, granted that he had a rather disappointing rookie year outside of his rebounding and defense. To reiterate, he is very talented and has the potential to be an All-Star, but his rookie year was not without growing pains.
zachrlee::Indiana's got the pieces to win the title. They must keep themselves injury-free.
rosscoast::gave the bulls a tough 1st round series despite it only going to 5 games...losing the1st three games by only 5-6-4...and they got alot more mature (Paul George, Psyco T) and added some depth with george hill and david west. Not to mention got rid of a couple bad contracts with TJ Ford and Mike Dunleavy. There are plenty of reasons to be optimistic about the pacers.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Someone is a little pre=mature
Jthizz69::Also here to say you are being a bit (way) too hopeful. This is a great squad and they will def. be top 6 in the East, but they can't beat Chicago or Miami, or even a healthy Boston in a 7-game series for that matter.
SomeGuySays::Meh ... I'm a Pacers fan ... but I don't think this is the starting 5 of a championship team.  Pretty good team that slips into the playoffs, maybe ... but not a title contender.
nicholl08::you're joking right?
benjaming82::johnson for the raptors is all around player and plays great defense. I feel he is a future star and I feel Pacers are legit playoff team especially with George taking off this season(He will). David West was also one of the better pickups for any team
alsporrts05::Free 3 Team Parlay Picks Every Day <a href="http://www.thoughts.com/lasvegassportparlays/3-team-parlay-play"> CLICK HERE </a>
SammiBoyy::Pacers need to work on their offence if they want to go anywhere, they were lucky Toronto was sluggish today.  The future looks bright for the Raptors, their defense looked great and we all know they can score.  - unbiased (unlike the refs)
chubby rain::Pacers suck, please.
Jthizz69::Take me through what you said, though I know it's an hour later. Pacers need to work on Offense, because Toronto was sluggish today, but the Raptors Defense looked great, and we all know they can score? So a team that played mediocre offensively just beat a good offensive team that played great D tonight? IANS you contradicted yourself more than once, bias = heavy.
SammiBoyy::Lmfao you sped.. Raps had good D and bad Offence  Indiana had decent D and bad Offence  it just so happened through luck or biased refs, Indiana was able to win . If Toronto had run their offence like a lot of us are used to seeing, this would have been an easy game for them..  Did I explain myself slow enough, or would you like some more?
iownamicrowave::Pacers future bright.
OFrog::Must be frustrating for coach Casey for his team to be penalized for playing physical at home. Most teams get away with that, but not the Raptors I guess. PF, and FTA's totally slanted. Especially for a one possession game at the end. Raptors defense is light years better than last season.
SomeGuySays::5 double-doubles in two games for the Pacers.  Not bad at all.
herecmepacers03::Defense wins...but I don't know about us just yet. we have played two below 500 teams not looking too great on offense...but P.George  finally shooting with confidence is nice to see!
winfield47::raptors had one of the better offenses in the league last year, it was their defense that was the problem. they normally get near or over 100 pts a game.
JeremyAce4::It's good to see the Pacers at 2 - 0, but depth seems to be an issue right now.  I know Foster is hurt, but the bench looks weak.
ngahina1::lol did raptors have cash on ther eparley y take 2 lol
AidenAthwal::I'm just happy granger covered 20.5 ! that was close
secretweapon33::barg shot a 2pointer.. dang.. he was going for the cover (raps+4)
H.Hur::omg. my heart was pounding. -4 good
secretweapon33::same here man...
WeedField07::2-0
xxxvitoxxx::4 the coverfg...s.
CosmoKramer1444::Bargs is the WORST 7 ft rebounder.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Good game pacerFan ..
PacerFan19a::Good game Raptors, you guys have a tough, gritty team. Look forward to when we play you guys again. 2-0 Baby!
Mari-Osman::Good Game. See you later.
bsmithsonian::If Indiana wants to be good, tell George Hill to pull his head out of his $@%.  Some kind of bench not named Hansbrough would be nice.
joboee123::Pacers are sloppy on offense so far this year, hopefully will improve with more games under their belts
PacerFan19a::Two huge threes from Danny!
pezasied::Raptors are funny. It's so cute that they beat Cleveland and their fans think they will be good.
Eillipses::It's cute the way you have to bash others to make yourself feel better.
ercpmx::gtg.. good game anyway.. later people
ercpmx::Calls go against the 2 teams, in every game.. its usually the home team that gets more calls.. c'mon..
pezasied::Indiana has played horribly so far this season, and at least the Pacers have a talented roster.
ercpmx::funny how you guys keep blaming the refs !!!
Mari-Osman::Have you ever listened to Raptors announcers? They are one of the must unbiased announcers  in NBA.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Check the number of free throws.. its the difference in the game.
pezasied::You're listening to biased Raptors announcers, they think everything is a foul
Mari-Osman::I can see biased calls if its against my team or against my opponent. I call them like I see them.
Mari-Osman::It's funny that Indiana Fans thinks their team is any good with the refs handing them this game.
JeremyAce4::Sure, that's it.  Pacers 2 - 0.
joboee123::BOOOOOOOOOM BABY
ercpmx::Grangeeeeer !
Minga1984::granger!!!!!!!!!!!
Minga1984::toronto will start to foul in the next 40 seconds
Mari-Osman::Don't you mean the refs will call a Bull$hit foul.
I_Heart_Phill_Kessel::all that pasta Bargnani eats is finally paying off
CosmoKramer1444::And not rebound.
ikedrk::makes it easy when you can walk with the ball
Minga1984::pacers will win by 5
vitorb1::good call sir
