BRUWINS86::The Los Angeles Clippers NBA basketball franchise has the following statistics: All-time Wins: 1,175 All-time Losses: 2,073, ahhhhhhhhh!!! All-time Winning Percentage: 36.2%!!!!!!!! Total Championships: 0 Championship Year(s): 0 !!!!!!! NBA Conference Titles: 0 !!!!!!!! Conference Title Year(s) 0 !!!!!! Playoff Appearances: 7 Division Titles: 0
69durango::GO NUGGETS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BurnabyJoeFan::The Nuggets have taught me one thing this year...  The Denver Nuggets are Rocky Balboa The NBA's star system is Ivan Drago
NBAnuggets420::I think its funny how people think nuggets are awful in the road.. smh they played 17 of 23 on road to start season. The people that say nuggets are less than average on the road have not watch the nuggets play all year. most of their lost on the raod have been close games on b2b games. SO all u people that say nuggets suk on the ROAD just because you see their away record and dont watch the games can suck a d*$k!
SouthStander132::Following the loss to the Nuggets, the Clippers are 1-4 against the top teams in the NBA in the last month.
27toothless27::I love watching the Nuggets destroy LA teams! Love it!
Deaneer32::Derrick Rose has been cleared to play !!!
SouthStander132::"Derrick Rose's doctor has cleared the Chicago Bulls' star to play, a team source said, but his long-awaited return to the lineup won't occur until he can confidently dunk off his left foot, Rose has told the team."
jayeteee::Oh goody, bread pudding for everyone!!!
msonic69::How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat??
Deaneer32::I love how two of our most effective players not to mention our star players combined for a total of only 23 attempts on the night?...meanwhile Matt Barnes took 20 shots...
ryanspradlin::I liked watching them get run off the court.
colosportsman::Matt Barnes was the guy who kept you in the game in the first half...when your supposed stars where missing in action. When Griffin has 2 rebounds for the game..He pretty much did not show up..Faried shut him down on the boards. Actually the Clippers should have stuck to that..Because when they came out trying to force the ball to Griffin..and Chris Paul tried to take over.in the 2nd half. .The Nuggets completelly took over the game.
Deaneer32::I guess so
coljetsfan::Being a Laker fan isn't easy.  Therefore, I've decided to become an alcoholic.  I really have no choice.  I'm gonna drink morning, noon and night.  I'm gonna hide the bottles around the house and start knocking off liquor stores with a water pistol to support my habit and root for Denver the rest of the year...
colosportsman::Well you can become a Nugget fan wiithout going to those extremes....:)
coljetsfan::The Nuggets are for real.  They are virtually unbeatable at the Pepsi Center and they can run and gun with anyone.  They are my darkhorse in the West.
coljetsfan::absolutely
SouthStander132::I agree.  They are in a great spot - no one gives them credit, so they have nothing to lose.  Go out and play their game and they are dangerous.
TheSpecialOnce::Los Angeles Clippers = Harlem Globetrotters  Entertaining, but not a real team.
Chester0128::Denver just good at home but sub.500 on the road ..that is what I can say....they are 2-1 against the Clips in regular season.....but all 2 win at their home court....If they are going to beat the Clips in the playoff ....the only chance they will if they have home court adv....I don't see they would
I prefer boxers over briefs::The Nugs road record is a little deceiving because of the rough start they had - 17 of their first 23 on the road or something like that?  They've actually won their last 3 road games, so their confidence may be on the rise.    Like Jayetee said, they steal one on the road and it's even.  I see them stealing one being more likely than their opponent winning one in Denver.
jayeteee::Later, Chester...........
jayeteee::How'd that work out for the Clippers last night?  *Only truth in your answer will suffice.
Chester0128::Don't mean they can't win all the road....but the top 5 teams win on the roads are: Spurs Miami Thunders Clippers Not Denver ...that 's the truth, Jayetee
jayeteee::What's w/ the self likes, Chester?
27toothless27::Lame to like your own posts. One the other hand, if he didnt nobody would
jayeteee::Hey, Chester, what's w/ the self liking?
msonic69::The Clips don't defend their homecourt as well as the Nuggz so they are vulnerable to getting beat at home and losing homecourt.
jayeteee::Just good at home? LOL And don't kid yourself, they play good on the road, just had some tough losses. And as of late, they're even better on the road than their record would indicate. And don't forget, in a 7 game series, even if they don't have home court, if they hold serve at home, all they have to do is win 25% of their road games, so stop w/ the can't win on the road crapola.
jayeteee::14-19(42%).
Chester0128::What I mean is sub.500 on the road and I didn't mean they are bad.....Fact
Chester0128::Tell me their road records.....
msonic69::Nuggz really need to have some bigtime flash moments during this stretch run that make every highlight reel and get national media attention.  Not sure what else they can do since they have about 10 highlight dunks every night but maybe some buzzer beaters or something.
jayeteee::I think flying under the radar is working just fine.
BurnabyJoeFan::We just need one guy to continue to step up and get respect nationally and then that will happen.  Just so happens his name is Ty Lawson and he is on fire.
msonic69::We don't need the 'favor' of the officials/NBA but at least enough to keep us from getting completely screwed by officiating in the postseason.
Children of a Worthless God::I just noticed that every player on the Nuggets made at least half of their field goals, except for Brewer (who was 5 for 11). Wow.
lugeneparker::As a Grizzly fan, I'm torn by this loss, LOL!
YouKiddinMe8::NBA will let the Nuggs get out of the first round this year.  No one cares about Memphis
colosportsman::The Nuggets beat the Clippers earlier in the year on Jan 1 by 14, not on a B2B.....So keep your B2B excuses to yourself Clipper fans. And also if the Clippers cannot perform with one guy missing then they are not a very good team...or a very deep team.
ThunderHornz::You nasty Nuggets! Great game! Very entertaining. Good health!
jaywilson84::The clippers are looking more and more like a first round exiter.  CP3 can't stop the other team quick point guards.  Looking at the other top 7 teams in the west, their point guards are lighting it up when they played CP3 and the clippers.
msonic69::Wow, Paul and Griffin each -20 for this game.  Clip's starting lineup got toasted.
SPORTS-GUY-1::Haha
Mary Kelter::Hot chicks make the best picks: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHd4IHwma70
PassionOfTheTebow::I cant wait 4 football,  so I can start trolling Tebow board's
jayeteee::Still a Jet.
SPORTS-GUY-1::Lmao is he on any team now?
PassionOfTheTebow::Question is, can the nuggets beat the lakers
colosportsman::Lol at the old and slow Lakers against the fast and athletic Nuggets. You people are living in the past. The Lakers are but a shadow of there former glory. Lakers don't stand a chance against the Nuggets.  As a Nuggets fan I can only hope they play the Lakers..Lakers have had absolutely no answer for the Nuggets this season.  People say it changes in the playoffs..the game slows down..That is only if you are fast enough to get back on D and slow the Nuggets down. The Lakers clearly are not.  What I say is bring em on..These are not your fathers Lakers.
thepodz::love the back to back excuse. every team has to do it! can we please stop talking about the lakers until they actually get into that 8th seed
Bballblake32::No no the question is can the nuggets beat the clippers when the clippers are not playing back to back and especially with crawford playing
SPORTS-GUY-1::Oh stop, you acting like clippers are the only team who had played back to back games
SPORTS-GUY-1::In playoffs no,even tho in season games they lead 3-1  As history shows it,lakers own Denver in playoffs
TheSpecialOnce::At home, maybe. On the road, no.
SPORTS-GUY-1::msonic69 - You are right.  I wish Denver nothing but the best , there're a great teams, a team to beat
msonic69::You are right.
SPORTS-GUY-1::But it didn't happen , it's the past now, they have a good chance this year who every they play am I right
msonic69::The question is will the Nuggz be 'allowed' to beat the Lakers?  They completely outplayed LA in the 1st round last year and we're screwed by the zebras in every game, should have been 4-1 Denver.
Pusherman3::Nuggets looking good.  The dominate at home.  Noteam wins the second game in Denver after the previous night in LA.
joelmoore::TNT play-by-play guy said something similar. LA to Denver night game on back-to-back games is one of the toughest trips in NBA schedule-wise. This made no sense to me. I get the altitude thing but it's a relatively easy trip schedule-wise.
D1RK41::nuggets vs pacers finals- how exciting
SPORTS-GUY-1::Joke of the day
D1RK41::no cud happen
PassionOfTheTebow::Then you woke up
charles801::Be nice to see. Something different.
charles801::The Nuggets have six games this season with 70 or more points in the paint. No other team has one. Not one. The Nuggets don't rely on jump shots.
Youre Exposed::post here  http://espn.go.com/espn/conversations/_/id/6033713/first-take
puhleez_ho::Iguodala shut down CP3 last night.  this is why the clippers lost.  This is why they would lose to denver in a playoff series.
dhaye4242::He did harass him all night. I think Iggy gives Paul a lot of problems. I feel pretty good if we face the Clippers in the playoffs.
msonic69::He didn't shut him down, Chris got hot for a bit, but he certainly kept him from taking over the game.
Bballblake32::Lol please check cp3 stats and correct your post
SPORTS-GUY-1::It was a joke
charles801::Nuggets are 30 and 10 in the last forty.
SouthStander132::Won their last 3 road games as well.  I think they are building confidence at the right time of the season.
creative_screenname21::the nuggets are one of the most exciting teams in the NBA to watch.
SPORTS-GUY-1::At home yes
puhleez_ho::Nuggets blow out a good team in a half court game... there goes that theory.
I have popcorn in my ears::Love how the Nugs still get no respect.  That's cool.  This is not the same Nuggets team as least year, or even the beginning of this year.  Ty has come into his own.  Gallo is back.  Iggy getting comfortable.  The best bench in the league with McGee, C Brew, Miller and a healthy Chandler.  I think this team may surprise some people in the playoffs.
SouthStander132::They do have some work to do to get better on the road, but they have won their last 3 road games.  Charlotte (meh) but they hadn't beaten Portland at the Rose Garden for 5 years and Sac was on a back to back that they very well may have lost earlier in the year.  Hopefully a confidence builder.
Nargash35::Clippers played zone so they can slow the Nuggets attack to the rim and what they found out is that they can get beat by 3's esepically from the corners when you play 3-2 zone. Clippers are just awful in the half court and Blake Griffin tried to pull a Bosh but he got one extra rebound while Faried had double double. Good overall win Nuggets..!!
dhaye4242::People think you can play zone on the Nuggets. They are good from 3 when it is wide open. Zone allows good looks. they are not as good at3's when being played man-to-man. That is why they just take it to the basket. Love how they never settle for jumpshots when they don't have to. So different from the carmelo, billups, jr smith teams.
COLOTIME4114::To San Antonio, OKC, LAC and Memphis, ,,,Nuggets in side view mirror ARE Closer than  they appear .
joelmoore::Overstated. Most of their road losses came from a brutal early schedule. Lately they're playing competitively with other west playoff teams on the road..
SPORTS-GUY-1::There're good at home only
ryanspradlin::Get ready for your Clippers to get beat in the first round by either Denver or Memphis. One of the two of those teams are going to take the three spot and the other one will beat the Clippers. It's just a fact. The Clippers are an extremely fragile team that requires either perfect health, favorable officiating, or a superstar night in order to win. If any of those two things fall out of place... they are a mediocre team at best.
PassionOfTheTebow::Nuggets r cute to watch.  But we all know they aint going anywhere
ryanspradlin::There is going to be some seriously hurt feelings come playoff time when your team has to play the Nuggets.
dhaye4242::i hope people keep doubting them.
COLOTIME4114::7 game series with a team that is deep this and runs, runs, runs 41 wins, ya they suck, I hope the teams that play them in the playoffs say the same thing. Live in the past, oh ya the lakers aren't they suck. WHO WSNTS TO PLAY IN S SERIES AGAINST THE NUGGETS THAT RUN and RUN. Guess we will see.
SouthStander132::Nugs steal ONE game on the road and they're in good shape. My bet is that's more likely than any other team stealing one at Pepsi Center.
charles801::We also know this a legitimate case of nobody wants to play them.
Mr. Bradford::... while they are in the Pepsi Center. Away from there, they are slightly less than <b>average. </b>
TreC1983::Chauncey Billups has been living off 2004 for a long time
COLOTIME4114::Billups still in NBA = FAIL
SPORTS-GUY-1::Fact
charles801::If the Nuggets were in the east, they would be the number two seed. In the west, five for right now. But look at their conference record and look at their record against teams above .500. None of that matters though if they don't start winning on the road.
joelmoore::They already started winning on the road.
LeBron James MVPX4::Don't sleep on the Nuggets to win the west.
Shub2308::I'm snoring
charles801::I would be to if I were an Okc fan. Too many jump shots to win in the playoffs. Clippers are too old on the bench.
buckshotz17::Clips play on a back to back going into Denver and running with them until the final quarter doesn't really justify people saying Denver's a better team.
I have popcorn in my ears::Nuggets scored 36 on the Clips in the 3rd. How is that running with them until the 4th?
gregorybhouston::Denver taking the series 2-1 doesn't make Clips the better team either.
Mr. Bradford::The Nuggs are 27-3 at home. There is no shame losing to them at the Pepsi Center. I think they're tied with the Heat's home record (not 100%)? Now if only the Avalanche would pull a similar record in that same arena, I think Denver would be happy.   Nuggets only problem is come playoff time. They need to improve that 14-19 on the road play.
PassionOfTheTebow::Whats the avalanche ???
Nargash35::Hockey team..!!
rex_coach::<b>Where is that loud mouth clown utsna at?</b>
SPORTS-GUY-0::he only shows up when his team win, but when they lose , he goes to his mamma and cry about it
Kobes_been_bricking_since_96::Why is the Manimal listed as a SF in the box score?
SPORTS-GUY-0::Lejoke been a joke from day 1
SPORTS-GUY-1::Fact Paul will leave the losing clippers in 2014
buckshotz17::Hitting that bong pretty hard huh?
Mr. Bradford::Losing Clippers? They're 44-20.
Aye_Kool_Aid::Lawson &gt; Paul
brunick1::I know you guys just got that legal weed over in Colorado, but cut back a lil bit damn lol
jaredthedrummer::Dare we say Nuggets &gt; Clippers?
thumbfar::I already said that, scroll down a bit:)
Aye_Kool_Aid::Just saw it. Glad I'm not the only one
tbIce33::This Nuggets team reminds me of the 04 Pistons.
earlealston::The stiffling defense? No. But their quickness and chemistry on offesnse? Definitely.
jaredthedrummer::Can't wait for the Nuggz to play Melo... @ Denver too
leon sandcastles69::that'll be the game of the year for denver.
thumbfar::Nice comparison!
GalwayIrelandLovesThePatriots::Paul Pierce &gt; Melo
thumbfar::At defense
xhollywood07x::anyone have any thoughts on how rigged the 4th quarter was???????
GalwayIrelandLovesThePatriots::No games are rigged.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I'm gonna go out on a limb and guess not rigged at all.
jaredthedrummer::??
leon sandcastles69::how was it rigged
thumbfar::Lawson&gt;Paul
uncbeers::Espn makes it seem like the only game last night was NY losing. Their love fest with LAL, Mia, and the NYK is pretty disturbing...
thumbfar::Just watch altitude..duh!
Noondog112378::NY &amp; LA b/c they're NY &amp; LA, Mia b/c theyre the defending champs
earlealston::That's because Cuban broke up the reason why they got there in the first place. No sense in covering an aging Dirk and some scrubs that can't play D.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::The Mavs did not get half the coverage the Heat get as defending champs.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::At least the Heat and Knicks are playoff teams.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Possible 1st round preview here if the Clippers slip.  Denver is so tough at home I would not want to play them in the playoffs, especially the 1st round.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::The Nuggets are invincible at home. Who are the 3 teams they lost to at home?
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Heat, Timberwolves, and Wizards
