junkedup58::Name the players/seasons:    Player A: 25.0 PPG, .445 FG, .332 3PT, .858 FT, 4.1 REB, 7.7 AST, 0.6 BLK, 1.0 STL, 3.4 TO    Player B: 26.4 PPG, .458 FG, .345 3PT, .809 FT, 3.0 REB, 7.1 AST, 0.1 BLK, 2.0 STL, 3.0 TO
RI8810::D Rose carries his team AI was all about AI. Take D Rose out and this is a .500 team at best. Not the prettiest pony in the stall but he looks like the hardest worker out there
junkedup58::Player A: Derrick Rose, 2010-11 Player B: Allen Iverson, 2007-08  Tell me why Derrick Rose deserved the MVP.
Jordan Sienkiewicz::So it seems that everyone these days are a Bulls band wagon jumper.. Can i get a show of hands or in this case comments or likes of the true Bulls fans that have stuck in there even when we were sucking for that 10 year period. But anyways wooohooo go Bulls :D Die hard bulls fan all my life :D
Chi Town Stand Up::die hard, cheered for Eddy fking curry
Chi Town Stand Up::and the cubs. screw the whitesox
chicagofan68::yeah, i really doubt there are really that many bandwagoners. the hawks are a different story, but that's mostly due to the coverage restrictions until recent years. i personally have been a huge fan of everything chicago (cubs, fyi), but i think in general the bulls fans have been staunch.  bulls have had some of the highest attendance records all the way back to '90, through jordan (obviously) but also through the darker years (post-jordan, pre-rose), so the whole fair-weather thing doesn't really apply to this team.
mdevlin3107::born and bred and i bleed ALL chicago teams!!!  bulls are a team to be dealt with and the title comes through chicago!  white sox rule, cubs suck!!!
Mitchell3570::Bulls have always had bandwagon jumpers......why be mad about that? ........ for the most part Chicago has had more success than Miami could dream off...
Jordan Sienkiewicz::haha same here man :D i wasnt born in in Chicago but my parents were and they were such die hard bulls fans that when i was born named me Jordan haha
Danny14551::I am on the same hand with you. Chicag born and bred...been watching the bulls since diapers. I rep all chicago sports.  Bulls, Bears, Cubs, Blackhawks, (F^&amp;&amp; the white sox)
Danny14551::I dont think that there a lot of ban wagon jumpers...more so than some were afraid to speak out during the chandler, artest, curry years.
Danny14551::Can somebody explain to me why Philly is number one in the power rankings?  While the Bulls have one less loss and three more wins?
chicagofan68::because it's a mathematical system that (in my opinion) is severely flawed, as seen right now. i think SOS is given too much credit, as is margin of victory, whereas record is dialed down. it will improve as more games are played and SOS becomes more even, but it's quite obviously flawed.
rafroch3::Bulls fans let me just say one thing: The Depth that wins you games in the regular season will not win you games in the playoffs. Why? Because teams get more rest days in the playoffs, that's why historically many old and star-stunted teams have won it before. Depth is severely overrated, you may be very happy with your team right now, but we'll see how that will turn out later in the year. What you guys should be doing is lobbying for D. Howard to go to your team, that way you will have two stars, a moderately deep team, and a good coach, which is a good formula to win you a championship. For now, though, I'll pick the Heat over the Bulls in the East. Honest opinion here. Peace.
chicagofan68::and as far as dwight...no. it would require blowing up this team that has been huge because of chemistry and teamwork, great team defense. as wilbon says quite often, this team is better than the sum of its parts and adding dwight for what they'd have to get rid of would not be worth it.  that's assuming the bulls <i>could</i> get him to want to play here, which i doubt very seriously.
chicagofan68::depth is quite important in the playoffs. certainly not <i>as</i> valuable as it is in the regular season, but still important, even game to game. if one team can rest its starters through a good deal of the second and third quarters while the bench keeps the game close (as the bulls' can), the starters will be in a much better position to play the fourth as solidly as needed, while the other team may be unable to keep up.  also, with the shortened season, long-term fatigue may play a role. the bulls' starters will get more rest throughout the season and thus won't be as burnt out come playoff time.  both of these factors may be minor in themselves, but in the playoffs the smallest advantages may be the difference between a win and a loss.
mdevlin3107::r u serious?  depth means nothing?  post fail.
Mitchell3570::nah bro.......... Dwight Howard doesn't want to be here ......thus a pointless argument in wanting a one year rental that could ruin the Bulls team chemistry .......not worth it
lovesports3409::And I say to you that when you have a consistent 2-guard (RIP is resting) and another year of experience, it's going to be a problem. Honest opinion, I pick the Bulls to win the whole thing.
Danny14551::Depth is actually very key in the playoffs.....Ask last years Mavs...
jemcnamara6363::The formula for success in the NBA is not that tough...it's getting the players to buy into the concept, with the concept being playing defense, contest all shots, rebounding and having bench depth to make that reality happen.  This is what enabled the Bulls to get to Eastern Conference finals and it will aid them in that pursuit this year.  Hopefully they will be wiser for the experience and having Rip Hamilton in the mix at that true 2 guard then maybe that is the missing element on offense they need against the Heat in the PO's.  If you can have 3 legitimate options on offense with Rose, Deng and Hamilton...then it will open up the inside game for Boozer, Taj and all the bigs...let alone the fact that now you're getting production from Brewer/Hot Sauce you are now getting the ability to play presure defense but also have the ability to mix and match with your offense that allows you to always have two scorers and an inside and outside presence.
DogOnLoose::I missed this game, but good to see the Bulls still doing well. Keep it up. Nice contributions by key guys, let's continue this!
Adam01Said::next up grizzlies. you KNOW, KNOW, KNOW they circled this game on their calendars after the 40+ drubbing they got last time.   a wounded animal when cornered is dangerous. I expect the 1st Q to be the hardest 1st Q of the young season. BUT...I really don't see them having enough.  Bulls by 15.
nba is the worst::They only beat the Raptors by 13 at home - no way they win by 15 in Memphis
Jaywashing::If the Bulls play like they care at all, a 15-point win will be pretty easy. I can see a Memphis run early in the first or after the Bulls go up big--that seems to happen every damn game--but Chicago shouldn't have much difficulty winning with Randolph out.
nba is the worst::Umm, OK...  Still won't win by 15 in Memphis
alud21::they beat toronto by 13 only cause they had played 5 games in 6 nights add in the traveling, they were exhausted.
nba is the worst::Because the grizz have pride.  Conley didn't play, and randolph got 11 minutes before being hurt.  Bulls could easily lose
tbomber2::they beat memphis by 40 at home so why not?
ed9116::The Bulls are the real deal for years to come for one reason....... Derrick Rose. People say he is to similar to Iverson but the HUGE difference is that Rose is humble and just wants a ring period. He would happily dish the rock for 12+ assists a game to win a title. The Bulls as currently constructed are built to beat a team like Miami.. Just say they have to give up Taj, Omer, CJ, and picks to get Dwight they would get even better.  If I told you the Bulls starting 5 was Rose, Hamilton, Deng, Boozer, and Howard you would have shat yourself.  Korver, Brewer, and Hedo off the bench (Hedo has to be a part of a proosed Howard trade) would be nasty.  Orlando doesn't want to deal Howard in the East but if it gets to a deadline deal Chicago has the pieces. Taj, Omer, CJ, and picks would seal the deal. 3 underpaid very good players with upside for an oversized contract and Howard would be perfect for Orlando. They would be positioned for a run at any upcoming FAs and Taj and Omer would probably crack the lineup immediately. LeBRICK and Co. are praying for Dwight to go to the West or stay in Orlando. If he plays for the Bulls, Nets or Knicks the Heatles are in trouble.
chubby rain::Dude get off it, Howard ain't coming here and nor do the Bulls management want him to after hearing he won't sign an extension, so move on, because the Bulls have.
chicagogary13::This just in.......Christine Bosh seen crying after 4rd straight loss. He will be out 2 weeks with bruised ovaries
Adam01Said::fans of other teams are wholly unimportant. just win. that's all the bulls have to do.
nba is the worst::A brief review of the power ratings proves Hollinger's formulas are simply BS.  Philly (#1) and the Bulls (#2) both win by 13, and their rating goes down compared to yesterday - while the heatles' ranking (#3, despite a worse W-L record and win margin than the #4 Hawks), idle after a 3-game losing streak, goes up...
DogOnLoose::I dont pay much attention to that crap because it's simply crap.
tbomber2::that is pretty baffling.  hollinger has always had it out for d-rose anyway.  there's probably a "heat factor" in his formula
paylocitysucks::ESPN continues to suck the Heats D&amp;ck
The Great Sabu::Liked the first 2 quarters, but the 3rd and 4th were just brutal.  At least the Raptors defense continues to improve!
Jaguarcrazyboy::Bulls just keep finding ways to win close games. They haven't skipped a beat.GO BULLS!
CandySparker::I like Cracklin' Rosie.
lshocket::So what's it like when your best player is DeMar Derozan
Braktooth::Actually, Bargnani is the best player. Not that he actually played. Of course, the article didn't mention that, it was buried in the footnotes...that's some p!$$-poor reporting.
chubby rain::It wouldn't have mattered anyway, they still would have got their a-z-z kicked!
TheRealHarding::If Taj can develop a post game I'm fine with him starting at PF, amnesty Boozer, push to sign Howard in Free agency, trade him to Heat for Dwayne Wade then snort coke off the moon...sorry I'm high
Robert156877::First, the Bulls aren't going to amnesty Boozer anytime soon because the owner isn't going to want to pay the 50 million + still owed on his contract.  Second, even with amnesting Boozer, the Bulls wouldn't have the money to give Howard a max contract. Third, why exactly would the Bulls want to make a trade that would make Miami better?
chubby rain::That's a lot of if's don't ya think? First of all, Taj will NEVER develop a post up game, and second Boozer ain't going nowhere, and he's playing very well. And third, D.Howard ain't NEVER coming to the Bulls, so get off it for crying out loud geez!!!
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Bulls are on fire
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::please don't talk to highly of them. "certain people" get offended
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Yea the hater lol gets mad
CHITOWNBULLS1991::they are red hot!
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Yea I am not a bulls fan(not a hater). They are a very good team. But more importantly right now they are consistent. That is really important with the short season.
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::if you can't win a championship have a championship rally before the season"---Miami Heat
ZayForever77::Plus, the Heat were the idiots that said they would win 5, 6, 7 titles...they placed that standard on themselves.    They are talking about titles and can't even perform in the regular season.  They are immature. They think they can just turn it on and off.
ZayForever77::tbomber...it's because analysts base their brainless opinions on a future team's potential...and not what a team has proven.
tbomber2::how long before the "analysts" stop calling them the best team in the league?  they seem to disregard the fact that miami can't close games against decent teams.  it's like the old lakers where it doesn't matter what they do until the playoffs, except they haven't won anything.
chubby rain::This ain't last year, this schedule has proved that, the Heat are breaking down mentally and physically and will not go on a long winning streak like last year, because the SCHEDULE won't let them, face it, Miami had their chance last year and blew it, it's over.
tbomber2::are you the one i see hating on D-Rose all the time?
dslick34::Philly looks solid so far, especially on D. I want to see how they hold up against some quality teams though.
antistratfordian::being "favored" has no on-the-court basketball value.  so that doesn't matter.  and they didn't win the first two games of the series.  it was 1-1.
dslick34::Going to the Finals is not enough. They lost when they were favored, and winning the first two games of the series.
tbomber2::so why even bother with a regular season?  The way this team looks right now they wouldn't make it that far.  philadelphia would destroy them
antistratfordian::because everyone said that about the heat last year and they still went to the finals.  the only thing people care about this year is what miami is going to do in the finals.
antistratfordian::the heat organization was ignorant for doing that.  but hey, im not really a heat fan so i dont care about that.
nba is the worst::It's actually kind of fitting, since lebron doesn't get that it's a team sport either
Madhouse_United::Must be fun to support just one player in a TEAM sport right? pfft hilarious.
tbomber2::everybody was a wizards fan.  they were like the 2nd most watched team in the league after LA
antistratfordian::i would've done the same thing with MJ.  (in fact i did... watched too many wizards games for that guy)
antistratfordian::no, youre mistaken.  im a lebron james fan, so by proxy im a heat fan.  so i care if they win or lose.  but if lebron leaves the team i go with him, etc.
tbomber2::of course not.  that is, until they start winning games again.
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::anitstrafordian loses sleep at night knowing there are people on message boards at hours talking bad about the Heat......if only he could be up 24 hours day to "save the world"
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::you gotta chill, it's only a game. fans dont have any effect on the outcome
antistratfordian::i liked this
tbomber2::kobe is in beast mode right now
superpieman802::lebron owns kobe in NO ways.  not titles not anything.  any team would gladly take kobe over lebron anyday and do you know why that is? its because he doesnt run from the ball as fast as he can like a coward in the 4th quarter.  hes willing to take the ball and try to win the game not run away so no one blames him if he misses.  lebron is a punk who will never win a title and never be considered the best ever so its time to get over your little man crush on lebi.tc.h and realize hes a choke artist and a loser.
mpurcell87::except in rings
ZayForever77::Lebron doesn't even know how to play in the 4th quarter yet.
antistratfordian::is he shooting over 50% yet?  eh, why do i even ask... of course he isnt.
nba is the worst::EXCEPT IN THE FINALS
minny snowta::or rings! i think the count is 5 to zilch.  yea, 'bron really owns!!
dslick34::Rings?
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::except mental toughness
antistratfordian::you can think he's a more fierce competitor if you want, lebron still owns him in every way imaginable.
tbomber2::and since i hate the lakers, i'm glad theyre losing :)
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::what are you talking about? heart and mental toughness have no place in sports! duh!
tbomber2::im a bulls fan but i can safely say that kobe is a fiercer competitor than lebron.  and thats what matters, not some trivial fg%.
MrVolfan4life::well, at least the Bulls won. Freakin hawks lose to the wings in ot again! oh that made me so mad!!!
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::sorry man. i'm from michigan and despise all detroit teams and fans
ChicagoSportsFTW8510::It's ok both of them will hoist the Cup and Larry O'Brien at the United Center come June
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::antistratfordian? what are you a witness to?
Adam01Said::the difference between lebron and jordan is killer instinct. jordan got better as the game got close in the late 4th. jordan was NEVER passive in those situations. NEVER. He looked to stab you in the chest and rip out your still beating heart. lebron looks to see if wade can do that for him.
minny snowta::yea, anti... is full of s h i t!  he's probably 17 and wacks off to this s h i t!
ZayForever77::Lebron the Greatest???   Seriously???  Wait...are you younger than the age of 27??
ZayForever77::I respect your opinion Anti, but your f*cking nuts.  No way you could have watched Jordan (63pts against the Celts, The Shot, Flu Game, Blazers Finals Game, etc, etc, etc) and watch a Lebron playing in a time in which flagrant fouls and defensive three seconds exists...and still think that Lebron WHO HAS YET TO WIN A TITLE is great.  I think it's written somewhere in NBA by laws that you can't be great unless you've won at least two titles.
dslick34::You obviously didn't watch Jordan, if you're saying someone has come along that's greater than him.
antistratfordian::No, I'm older than 27 and I was an enormous Jordan fan growing up (watched just about every major game he had) and I never thought another player could come along and be greater than him.  But I was wrong.
antistratfordian::LeBron James being The Greatest Player of All Time.
nba is the worst::Oldest fanboy on ESPN
tbomber2::john lucas &amp; rip hamilton clownin' after the game:  http://www.nba.com/bulls/bullstv/gameday.html
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::@anitstratfordian: did  you hear the bulls have a better record than the heat?
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::sir, i'm very sorry sir. i will try not to praise my team so much. so how awful are you feeling about heat's performance. you seem to have a lot wrapped up into them.......remember its just a game bro
antistratfordian::did you hear that the bulls had a better record than the heat last year?
nba is the worst::Heatles fans/lebronists - always living in the past, or the future.  Poor things...
23Chisox14::stop living in the past.
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::i know........my life is over. what are you a witness to?
antistratfordian::this is where you say "touche" and leave it alone, because until the bulls beat the heat in the playoffs there is nothing you bulls fans can come back with
antistratfordian::Bulls fans talking sh*t about Miami's 8-4 record?   Did you forget that last year the Bulls started 7-5 and ended up with the best record in the league?  The Lakers started last year 13-2 and look where that got them.  So spare us the lame attempts at win-loss record sh*t talking.  Right now it's meaningless.
chubby rain::And one more thing, this AIN'T LAST YEAR, This schedule has proven that, the Heat WILL NOT go on a long winning streak this time, because the schedule won't allow that many practices, so u got to go with what u got, and this means the Heat will be bickering and playing with a gimpy D.Wade the rest of the year.
minny snowta::no reply, hmmm!
buller23::well if were talking stats.  the heat are a +11 in the first 3 quarters and - 22 in the 4th.  what does that stat mean??????????????????????
CHITOWNBULLS1991::@anti: How can you say the Heat are a top 6 defense when they are 27th in the league in points allowed?
antistratfordian::Trust me, you don't want to be New Jersey, who basically allows 50% shooting every night.  So get outta here with that "FG% allowed doesn't mean jack sh*t" inanity.
antistratfordian::FG% means EVERYTHING.  That means, out of all the teams in the league, only 5 other teams are making other teams miss more shots than Miami.
ZayForever77::FG% allowed doesn't mean jack sh*t.  You don't win a ball game based on who has the highest %.  All a low % means is that teams shoot a lot of outside shots on the Heat without much penetration.  Characteristic of bad teams, of which the Heat have played.
antistratfordian::When you're 6th in the league in FG% allowed you're not horrible on defense.
ZayForever77::The Heat have been horrible with defense this year. No way they are even NEAR the Top Ten.
antistratfordian::6th in FG% allowed, Bulls are 5th in FG% allowed.  The Heat play at a fast pace.  They lead the league in offense.  So of course the teams they play are going to have more possessions than normal.  In short, when talking about a fast paced team, points allowed is an unreliable gauge of defensive performance.
ZayForever77::@ AntiStratFordian...if all these reserve players are so great...why the hell can't the Heat beat good teams?
ZayForever77::Anti, face it...Spoelstra is a p*ssy that can't control his star players.  The Heat are having trouble winning close games which are exactly the kinds of games they SHOULD be winning.
antistratfordian::I like Spoelstra, I think he's been really great.  Excellent play calling.  Miami would've lost all these OT games in regulation last year.
ZayForever77::I'm not looking at the record.  I'm looking at how they are losing.  This is a shortened season and they are still going through the same crap as last year.  You know why?  Because your coach has no balls.  You need Riley to come down from the main office...and get rid of Spoelstra.
antistratfordian::the 1991 bulls started 5-6.  did that mean they were incapable of beating good teams?  you're overreacting to early season outcomes.
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::sir please forgive us sir.
antistratfordian::You're forgiven.
ZayForever77::And Shane Battier is an old, over-hyped guard with lumps in his head...
antistratfordian::Chicago went after Shane Battier hard.  Didn't get him.
antistratfordian::That doesn't stop him from making fantastic defensive plays... like his game saving block on Joe Johnson.
ZayForever77::Miami are still having the same problems as last year.  Lebron is playing well. Even Bosh is doing ok.  Wade is sucking right now...who else do the Heat have?  Norris Cole???  Bwahahahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
nba is the worst::Ha ha, nothing says "better" than not playing
buller23::why would we of kept cole.  cj watson is better and knows the system. cole would of been a bench warmer on the bulls. the only reason he plays for u is cause u dont have a decent pt guard
antistratfordian::Haslem is averaging 10 boards a game.  He's awesome off the bench.  Chicago wishes they would've kept Cole.  Mike Miller hasn't even played yet, and he's better than Kyle Korver.  Shane Battier is gritty, plays good D and hits threes.  Terrell Harris is probably the best 3rd stringer in the league.
Bullster..::@anti  U mad bro?
antistratfordian::hella mad!  :)
buller23::whos talking s.h.i.t about miamis record?????????????????
Chicagocold312::this years Heat isn't even the same Heat from last year.
nba is the worst::Top 6 defense? 25th in pts against and opponents' 3-pt FG%...  Of couse, if you look at Hollinger, Philly is the #1 defense.  So a lot depends on SOS, which he apparently ignores
SuperSparrow45::That's how it's going to be for them. They don't have a good distributor, so the set up is always out of synch. This proves how important a PG is in this league. Chalmers is a good defender and is good for around 7-12 ppg, but he can't distribute. Cole is way too erratic offensively, and has little defense to go with.
dslick34::I think the Heat is vulnerable in the half court offensively thus far. The Heat looks good when running the floor, but something looks off with them when they're running their half court offense. It don't look as fluid.
buller23::the heat this year are a +11 in the first 3 quarters and - 22 in the 4th. thats not better then last years heat team
antistratfordian::But better offensively, and still a top 6 defense.
dslick34::The Heat defensively are worse than last year at this point.
Chicagocold312::i can't tell when they're starting to question they're own teamates in the media, this whole big 3 thing is starting to wear on them a bit, can you admit that?
antistratfordian::they're better than they were last year.  or did you forget about their regular season last year?
bobbybouche78::also the mavericks started 0-4 one year and ended up winning 67 games, only to get bounced by the warriors in the first round
antistratfordian::very true.  early season records don't mean anything.
Chicagocold312::damn LSU and the Saints in 1 week? Kill yourself...
Chicagocold312::Go to the Heat board trollie...
Chicagocold312::Hey Hollinger, how's that power ranking thing going now?
Chicagocold312::I feel like trolling the heat boards for some reason they're already bout 3 1/2 behind our guys if not more.
michael_toks::THE BULLS HAVE THE BEST D IN THE NBA
goldenboy818::Howard is even more $@%!$@%! than he he looks shooting free throws if he thinks ANY NBA team should run player personal moves by him at all times.    I hope he does not get traded to Chicago.  Being in Roses shadow will create a major distraction on and off the court.
chubby rain::Iv'e said this numerous times, the Bulls DON'T NEED HOWARD!
PackinBay::until the go and *#@$ it by trading gibson, deng and noah for howard. I hope they dont it would be a massive mistake.
dslick34::By far.
Chicagocold312::I don't trust Bullster, i think he's the heatster and Clipster in disguise.
Bullster..::Nope
Chicagocold312::ok cool.
CosmoKramer1444::I'm sick of Bulls fans saying they don't have a back-up for Deng. With Rip in the line-up, Korver and Brewer should be the bench mob 2 and 3. Without him, there is always Butler.
Chicagocold312::another day another "W" this is getting redundant in a good way...
dslick34::The Bulls is going to be lethal when they're fully healthy as a team. Without Rip and CJ, the Bulls are still winning games, most notably on the road. Nine games in twelve days and posting an 8-1 record while not being at full strength is impressive.
ZayForever77::And to think this is NOWHERE near the Bulls best basketball.  Other teams better get it together.    Plus, everyone last year tried to use the "Miami has to gel" excuse.  People tend to forget that bulls had practically a new roster as well.    This year...they are still using the "Miami has to gel" excuse. How about...the "Three Great Players Can't Win It By Themselves" excuse???  Miami is not a team.  The Bulls are.  Just as the Mavs of last year were.
rharanisbeast11::this is the most lowest scoring game in basketball history
Adam01Said::I believe there was a 19-18 game waaaaaay back in the 50's or something. I looked it up a week or so ago when the bulls were shutting down some other team.  that 19-18 game was the reason they added a shot clock. (the team with 19 just decided to pass the ball around for 25 minutes or so once they had the lead)
Bullster..::http://www.travel-watch.com/lowestscoringnba.htm
Bullster..::no
ohedoh::I'm worried about the heavy minutes Rose is playing with the turf toe.  Personally, I would have sat him this game -- but what do I know?  He'll play on that toe as long as he can, but it's up to the coaches and the medical staff to restrain him.  I also worry about Deng.  I'd like to see him with a few less minutes.  This compressed season, more than most, will come down to whose starters are more healthy and rested.  Let's get Rose in fine shape before the playoffs.  I'd rather lose a few more now to win a few more then.
Adam01Said::anti...get a life d00d. Srsly go the heatle boards and talk about lebron's awesome hairline or something.
antistratfordian::he's young.  he's fine.  he can hack it.
antistratfordian::im wrong?  he can't hack it?  ok, fine.  he can't hack it.
superpieman802::wrong but then again that shouldnt be to shocking considering you havnt posted a whole lot that is correct tonight.
superpieman802::deng really needs less minutes.  i know with all the injuries he has to play more but id really like to see him get only 20-25 minutes in some upcoming games.   hes playing like 42 minutes a game right now.
dcstern2::Man, this schedule is getting ridiculous... Bulls are getting a rougher schedule than most, they've played 14 games, more than any other team in the NBA, only 3 other teams have played 13, everyone else has played 12 or fewer (and somehow the Clippers have only played 8!), and to top it off, the Bulls have played more road games than any other team in the NBA, being away for 9 of their games, whereas most teams have only played 6 or 7. Bulls need a break!
superpieman802::thats fine lets load it up now so come the end of the season we have more days off then most.
Bullster..::It all evens out later.
tbomber2::strangest 5 man unit ive ever seen tonight...   Rose Lucas Gibson Boozer Deng
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::Quiet in here.....anything to do with the Heat losing 3 straight?
Bullster..::No heat trolls other than antistrat.
_Chicago_ Bulls::Testing
antistratfordian::Wow.  Where did the offense go?
chubby rain::This ain't last year Heat fans, so get ready to live in the FUTURE!!
marcus-s2981::freefall?? i think the heat will be ok bullster...i wouldnt get carried away yet, and your talking about miami being 3.5 games from the 9th spot....little early for all of that, and i know you know miami will not miss the playoffs so relax lol.
antistratfordian::77 points isn't going to cut it in the playoffs when you're facing other great defenses.  Just like last year vs the Heat in the ECF:  Miami = great offense vs great defense Chicago = average offense vs great defense
antistratfordian::lol.  please.  after last year its going to take a lot more than that to make a heat fan worry.  remember we started 9-8.
Bullster..::The fact that your team is only 3.5 gms ahead of the 9th place team and the fact your team is currently in a freefall should have you worried.
antistratfordian::heat fans aren't worried about the regular season.  bulls fans shouldn't worry about it either... having the best record in the league isn't going to prevent you from losing 4-1 in the playoffs.  you already know this.
superpieman802::the heat should trying beating average teams first before getting all excited about the playoffs.
antistratfordian::that is a complete non-sequitur
superpieman802::heat fans seem to love to live in the past so im sure we can do to.  which team has 6 titles as well as the greatest player in the history of the game?  not the heat if i recall
Bullster..::So will their offense...
antistratfordian::They're 6th in FG% allowed (Chicago is 5th).  They allow a lot of points because they play at a fast pace and lead the league in offense.  But their defense - especially their playoff defense when the tempo slows - will always be great.
Bullster..::Miami is the 3rd worst team defensively...
gnjewel9042::where did the Heatles go?
JoeyDorsey4MVP::All you need when you're playing the raptors...
sjr1893::77 is all you need when you play defense like the Bulls do
MrMacross::These final scores are reminding me of the past college football bowl season.
dash2k4::Well, the defense is great...
ASaini91::Chicago is playing w/ its lone superstar hurt (Rose's elbow and toe), both starting big men in a funk, starting shooting guard out, and the backup point guard hurt, but have still managed to win all of these games. Lets not forget about the fact that they've also played 9 of their 14 games on the road.  I find it hard to believe that anyone can even call Miami the best team in the league when they can't even win games with their big 3 playing
chubby rain::The Bulls big men are not in a funk, how could they when they are 12-2. I think u mean the Celtics Bigs are in a funk right?
ASaini91::Based off of the games (until yesterday against the Celtics), Noah was playing very poorly on offense and defense. Some nights he would do well, but then Boozer would only get about 6 points and 3 or 4 boards. Quite a few nights they both off their game and Thibs had to put Asik and Gibson in for the second half of the third and the entire 4th. Thats a big funk  But yeah... the Celtics bigs are also in a funk (actually, that entire team is)
sjr1893::defense defense defense
jared575757::not a heat fan, but i think people call the heat the best team, because of how the bulls looked like against them last year
ASaini91::I'm just saying that the past doesn't affect the future (hence the Jordan reference, though it may not have been the best one to go with)
jared575757::what, ASaini, wow,
ASaini91::I guess, but last year was last year and it has no bearing on the future. You can't really call this Bulls team great b/c Michael Jordan used to play for Chicago
ChiTownSwag91::ay is rip playin monday?
SuperSparrow45::Watson is cleared for Monday. Rip Game-time Decision
sjr1893::doubt it, but Watson might
chubby rain::The best offense is the best DEFENSE when u are playing all theses games. See, the Bulls are smart, they are resting on offense to preserve their defense, very good coaching. And Taj needs to post up and stop shooting them damn bricks because he can't shoot worth a S-H-IT!
jared575757::they tried that last year.
SuperSparrow45::I don't recall it. They had games where they shot poorly. But the Bulls are overall much better offensively this year. Still a little inconsistent from outside the key though.
LaxMiddie92::Hard hat and a lunch pail, Taj was doin work as usual today
superpieman802::i said it earlier and ill say it again best team in the nba.  we have the best record without  several key players being injured.  when everyone is healthy and everything is clicking we are going to be scary.
Thrice the fun::Bulls suck at offense lol. They always put up -80 points a game
dcstern2::Part of the reason the Bulls get less offense is because of their absurd defense... Bulls lead the league in forcing their opponents to shoot with 5 seconds or fewer on the shot clock, and also top the league in forcing shot clock violations. Their intense defense and rarely allowing easy or transition baskets means more time off the clock each time their opponents have the ball, which actually leads to less time on offense for the Bulls
Bullster..::-80 points? How is that possible?
MrMacross::They're the 11th highest scoring team in the league. Not half as bad as you exaggerate.
Blaugrana1899::i'm a bulls fan i agree with the op
Madhouse_United::Thrice the ignoramus.
illestprospect::That's terrible phrasing. The offense is run fine, but the shots fail to go in quite often.
Apakalypse085::hemad
chubby rain::U mad?
jamie3_6_0::yes what a good win for chicago. on monday its going to be a good matchup against the grizzles
surfzone365::I'm sure the Griz will be thinking of that blowout beatin they got against the Bulls.  I believe we'll take that one too. Go Bulls
caseydiff::Rose gets no respect from the refs.  He was bumped 7 times tonight on his way to the basket.  2 free throws.
adavisrc09::u stopped at 7?
SuperSparrow45::Watch every Miami game. There's your answer.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::He got bumps? why do they call touching, fouls in the NBA?  Is it really that soft of a league?
ASaini91::I'm assuming he got tired of counting as we all have
