Reeves Cox::Let's go HAWKS! Beat the Magic!
Brendan Smith::every time i see millsap's name i think where would the hawks be if they still had josh smith and then i thank god the hawks don't have josh smith
Michael Mckeiver::Hawks by 8 or more
Bob Morris::Go Hawks !!!!
Matt Greene::I think Oladipo is a very talented Guard and will only improve as he gets older . If he wants to be a star though like wade or any of that ever made it he's gonna have to improve his ball handling when being guarded and his 3 point shooting . Too many TO while at point & too many shots taken with no effect from long range. 40% is poor shooting for a guard. He will make it just gonna take time . Look at James Harden it took him awhile to get it all going .
Arthur J Beezwax III::The Magic are a stupid team and it all starts with stupid PG play by Nelson. The Magic must PUSH the ball, they are playing undersized at 4 of the 5 positions the huge majority of the time with Vucevic out. What in Nelson's mind makes him think he can walk the ball up court and play SLOW? PUSH THE BALL FOOL!
Matt Greene::I think Ronnie price is a cheap exp vet but gives the team no chance at winning in the future as a backup. I would give him a 1 year extension. 2015 will be the year of the magic . Thats when you go get a talented backup PG and some nice tall defensive 3 point shooters and maybe a backup C for the VOoch !
John Osaki Jr.::It's time to get back into the basketball season, with the new 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Players of All-Time on Amazon.com- check out the "great" Dominique Wilkins chapter in this terrific 2013 book!
Arthur J Beezwax III::Like to see an Oladipo/Lamb backcourt for a while. They looked like good chemistry out there together. Trade Nelson ASAP, he needs to get out of the way to get these guys playing together and more UP TEMPO!
Sam Ostalkiewicz::Did anyone else notice that the fgm/fga AND ftm/fta were exactly the same for both teams....pretty crazy. I don't think I've ever seen anything like that before.
Jeffrey Nicholas::So a potential trade that is slowly becoming popular on Heat boards: Afflalo and scrubs for Cole, Haslem, and Mason.   Any thoughts on this from Magic fans?
Cvete Karamacoski::Not a Magic fan, but this isn't a good trade at all. They're trading their best player, a borderline All Star, for an 2 scrubs and a guy in cole who made his name because he played average with Lebron.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Cvete Karamacoski That would be the point though. Apparently the Magic are trying to trade him for young players, I guess because they don't think they will be able to afford him when his contract comes up.  You are undervaluing Cole (Grantland did a nice article on him in the past couple days) who has improved significantly every year with the Heat. He shoots 40% from three and is an above average defender at a position that the Magic are going to need someone to replace Nelson in the near future.  Mason Jr is obviously just another guy that you let go of at the end of the year, but Haslem is perfect for that team. He is a great defensive mentor for younger players AND he isn't good enough to pull them out of the lottery before they are ready. Tobias Harris would benefit from having him on the team.
Jeffrey Nicholas::And just to be clear, I wouldn't do it. If I were the Magic I would be trying to resign the guy that has a chance of being the best shooting guard in the Eastern conference next year.
David Bair::How is Nicholson supposed to develop if he is getting 5 mins a game?  Vaughn needs to go and we need someone that starts the youth.
Matt Elmore::Glen Davis had 2 rebounds in 30 minutes…that's all I have to say about this game
Joseph Evans::YES GO MAGIC. WINS SOME GAMES SO WE CAN FINISH WORST THAN YOU!!! -Sixers fan
Arthur J Beezwax III::BYW, Nelson was a -21 in this game and that doesn't surprise me one bit.
