I am U::It's amazing how many Magic fans abandoned us after Shaq and Penny left, then the many clowns who did the same thing after Howard left.  Now, watch they all return acting as if they never left!  I was on these boards the last two season and especially last year they were slo nowthe "BandWagoneers" are back???  Pathetic!
I am U::What's the Over/Under on Yahoo "LISTENING" to their Users and getting rid of this new style and background??   Hey Yahoo, remembered when Coca Cola tried to force "New Coke" down our throats???  Do you remember how huge the backlash was???  Ummm, guess how fast they went back to the old recipe????  Learn from the past Yahoo, and try not to repeat it!!!!  Fix this and fix this now!
Cyril::Afflalo and Maxiell - 3/19 from the field and 58 combined minutes Oladipo and Nicholson - 12/21 from the field in 41 combined minutes  I understand why you might bench a rookie if your starter is playing really well, but why would you bench the #2 pick when Afflalo was playing such a horrible game?  There is no reason Jacque Vaughn shouldn't be giving Oladipo all the minutes he can play this year.  Same goes for the sophomore Nicholson.  Maxiell and Afflalo are expendable because Oladipo and Nicholson should be the future for the Magic.
Frank W::Yahoo needs to go back to their previous layout. This is impossible to read.
Egoniancal::The redesign is horrible. Like others, in the past I used yahoo sports more often because the site is lite and quick.  Now it's so heavy and sluggish.  I've moved on to cbs or fox sports.  Should've let yahoo employees continue working from home if bringing them to the office results in this!
Dan B::Pretty much everything new by Yahoo is garbage now. Why can't they leave well enough alone
Alex H::It's funny...their box scores from 10 years ago were wonderful...then they went the way of Facebook and made everything confusing and convoluted. Stupid #$%$ yahoo
emb001981::Nicholson was 8-9 from the field during the 2nd quarter when I was watching this game. He only got 1 more shot attempt the rest of the night? Really Jacque Vaughn?
Cary::Thanks JV Nicholson is cold now, you should of watch game 6 when spurs went w/ Matchups.
TP::This format sucks.  It looks like a one-handed blind drunk chimpanzee designed this interface while dropping acid underwater.
