mark35345::I'm really surprised the Hawks have even won a game lately (they beat Phoenix). I'm sure they played like they did in Los Angeles - like they didn't even care? It's as if the Hawks are stiffing (old school style) - but Johnson's injury and a some Hawk fans disagree with this cynicism. They admit they're just playing bad b-ball right now.
CAPS LOCK BABY::man do the knicks ever lose
tenthousandlakes1966::Nets &gt; Hawks. This game said nothing about the Knicks, one way or the other.
NBA_refs_are_weak::your just reaching for reasons to downplay. I hate bangwagoners as much as anyone else, but the knicks players dont control that. dont troll on what they do because of how fans react. hawks are a good team and its a good win no matter how you slice it. another solid game from the lininanter
BigLangeGiants::you are crazy if you think the nets are better then the hawks.
dysraw1::I really like that Melo and the kid are getting in sink with one another both look good last night. my query is about Amar'e Stoudemire he really needs a few break out games to get him going. dont know if anybody else saw it but Melo was really good on both sides of the court last night
NBA_refs_are_weak::hes really taking a let the game come to him approach. hes just not forcing anything. he feasts on people when he kind of pushes the issue, which he'll get back to doing as the season progresses. he went through stretches like that in PHX when he would really just take a back seat to Nash. Im not sure why he does that, phsycially or mentally idk the issue but it happens, not really a big deal unless its the playoffs. he'll return to form
bronxbomber62::I don't think that Amare is completely healthy after the back injury.  He doesn't have the explosiveness or lacks the confidence that he needs to really play his game.
Opossum Kingdom::Knicks by 30 tonight.
savetheplanet35::what... lose by 30 ?
Opossum Kingdom::Probably
iTzDiRkFoR3::Knicks(W/ Lin) &gt; LeBrick and friends.
NBA_refs_are_weak::lol you cant just flat out say that. skillwise ability id obviously take lebron,wade,bosh but teamwork and blending together is always a factor, and Lin has the kind of mentality that will work with guys like amare and melo as long as they just play the game nautrally and not try to force themselves with anything. just play the game simply, let Lin be a pointguard, and take the shots that the defense dictates, nothing complicated. if it ever came down to a series of the knicks vs the heat though, it would be interesting and the overall lineups would come into play. chandler would give the knicks a big lift because the heat really dont have anyone physically to match up with him. it would really come down to lebron and wade both having a great series, and what the knicks could draw up defensively to stop em. would be fun to watch
DetroitTicket::moooorooooon
I_Like_My_Own_Comments::Just imagine if Lin was a religious fanatic. The owner of ESPN would probly ask Lin to marry him.
LIN_SANITY::.
Opossum Kingdom::He is an Evangelical Christian...so you're probably not that far off.  He just keeps it to himself...not like Tebow, aka "Sell Out Boy."
nolephan06::Even if he was, I think I could handle it. There's real talent with Lin as opposed to ESPN's other obsession.
maretdude92::http://www.loveboatsports.com/2012/02/nba-these-guys-are-good.html#more  Guys in the NBA are good, sometimes they just need a chance ^
I_Like_My_Own_Comments::My comments about ESPN having a boaner for Lin got deleted, but hey, who hasn't tried hiding a public boaner before?
bronxbomber62::Sucks because my reply just went with it.  Damn.  By the way Celtics are the ones hanging on...
_Caillou::Wow Ivan Johnson you Fail .
I_Like_My_Own_Comments::Not since the Denver Broncos has ESPN had a bigger boaner for a team barely hanging on to a playoff spot.
bronxbomber62::I would agree with your post except barely hanging on to a playoff spot is wrong.  The Celtics are the one's barely hanging on in 8th and the Knicks are actually moving up on the rest of the East and could easily finish as high as 5th and if they stay hot could go as high as 3rd.  However, I enjoy the fact the Knicks are getting hyped since we have been a joke for so many years but I do find most of it silly too.  If the Knicks can advance beyond say the first round, which if they can avoid Miami and Chicago, then it might be justified.  However, as silly as ESPN the haters anger towards the Knicks and Knick fans is just as bizarre.  Knick fans don't control what get written by ESPN.  We are just enjoying all of the attention.  So bring it on...
Ray7182770::Nice to see the story shifting from Lin to how great this basketball team is starting to look. What's lost in all of this and what's even more impressive is the resurgence of DEFENSE!!!!!  Hopefully after the All Star break the "underdog" stories will go away. We all know now that the kid can ball at this level and it is no fluke! GO KNICKS!!!!
steveninbeastmode::The entire Knicks team better stretch down in all 4's to pray to God if they wanna win tonight.
LaMarcus DaMarcus JaMarcus::I wish my parents had just called me 'Phil'.
JimmyJohn9999999::Looks like Steve Novak light it up.  Didn't watch game, but typical ESPN by putting Lin (or Favre or Tebow or Woods) in the "eye-catching" headline.  You stink.
I_Like_My_Own_Comments::Can I get a Hunter's Club sandwich?
captn obvious::i lift things up. i put them down
nycpratl::knicks have to show consistency going forward if they want to be taken seriously.  you can't lose to nola and nj at home.  they've had several other ugly losses to bad teams.  they at least need to be competitive tonight.  winning will take a small miracle but if they compete and keep it close shows progress
bronxbomber62::Agreed.  However, all teams do have their let downs.  The Dallas win was very emotional and the Knicks just weren't into it against NJ in the same way same.  NJ wanted revenge, especially Deron Williams, and it showed. A true championship team is the team that maintains their discipline.  In that respect the Knicks are not there yet.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing_::this has been thier problem ever since Antoni took over...if they make their outside shots (threes), they win...if they dont, they lose. It's no way to run a professional basketball team
Linfanticide::you just described his entire suns career.
nycpratl::agree about dantoni.  that's the next issue to resolve. he makes it fun to watch (when it works) but his teams don't execute well on the halfcourt where playoff games are won.  and defending is optional.  you don't win in the nba if you don't defend.
cmat34::I expect all of you haters to say "sorry" tomorrow if the Knicks win : )
Doo Doo Brown2000::I expect all the Knicks fans to blame Melo if Lin turns the ball over more than 9 times and they lose.
bronxbomber62::Don't confuse the many trolls on the Knick boards for Knick fans.  Most Knick fans are excited to have Carmelo on the team but realize that they need time to figure each other out.  There have been so many personnel changes in the last several months and no time for practice.  I expect this time to continue to improve and for Carmelo and Amare to lead the way as they have done throughout their careers.  Lin will become a steady 15 point 10 assist PG which is something the D'Antoni system requires.
Geech63::yep
praise.marty.moose::a heat fan saying sorry is like a patriots fan admitting another team beat them without any excuses why...neither will ever happen.
sportsplex23::haha thats a BIG "IF" haha good look.
yancy gates drops fools::wierd black dude at work told me he was proud of jeremy lin LOL
LIN_SANITY::Was his name LeBron?
savetheplanet35::that weird black dude goes by the name 'BOSS'.....
captn obvious::I'll punch you nancy
markpringle2003::Did someone just write that Lin is a "flash in the pan player"? Wow!
LIN_SANITY::He has the highest number of points scored in their first 5 starts in all of NBA/ABA history. 136 pts in 5 starts, not match by Michael Jordan, LeBron James, Kobe Bryant, or any other NBA player.   Bottom Line: he makes his team better and the hype will die down.
Doo Doo Brown2000::He is an overnight sensation that ESPN has over hyped and shoved down everyone's throat..  He does his job like any other PG in the league.
Opossum Kingdom::It's hard to over hype the way Lin came from seemingly out of nowhere.  That guy's really good.
bronxbomber62::Exactly.  Once ESPN feels that another Lin headline isn't getting them the attention they will move on.
markpringle2003::Overhyped, maybe. But no one in the HISTORY of the NBA has done what he's done. So...hype away. The hype will subside in time.
nycpratl::he has been hyped and the system he plays in favor him.  but you can't argue his stats.  he's produced at an all-star level albeit only 10 games.
Michael JorLin::You mean he does his job better than 99%of all other PG in the league.
Yanks for the Win::If you are a Heat fan, you are a scrub.
markpringle2003::The Hawks are snake bitten. Sigh...
yancy gates drops fools::knicks defense is in for a rude awakening
Thetimpanikid16::try looking it up...
yancy gates drops fools::exactly
markpringle2003::What defense?
bronxbomber62::Oops!  There you go with those facts.  Come on this is an ESPN board only anger filled nonsense belong here!
Thetimpanikid16::6th best defense in the NBA...
Doo Doo Brown2000::Wow ESPN!!   You remove my comment about a certain Asian player crying in his wonton soup after he gets whooped tonight. All I have to say is F.U.C.K. you and your hypocritical P.C. agenda. It's America and its still a free country. I didn't use a degrogatory name to talk about this flash in the pan player that you overhype and shove down our throats on a daily basis!!!!
Doo Doo Brown2000::I think like most people outside of N.Y., I'm sick of hearing about Lin. He is decent, but he isn't as special as ESPN and everyone in N.Y. is making him out to be. He won't go down as one of the greatest to ever play the PG position.
markpringle2003::Shhhhh....
Thetimpanikid16::game in and game out he proves otherwise. Why do you care so much?
JackHas::Another genius, self-entitled basketball fan I see.
sportsplex23::Just another day in the gym for the heat.
dnasty3499::It all ends tonight Mr Lin Lebron is going to rip your head off.   Go Heat
52ppPassport::Do they still give instructional videos on how to cheer in Miami?  You all have your t-shirts color coordinated tonight?
captn obvious::i thought that was for the Rams? RAM RULES
sportsplex23::Heat will be up by 18 at half.
praise.marty.moose::are you sure they will not be up by 21 or 23??
Doo Doo Brown2000::Lin will be crying in his wonton soup after he gets embarrassed tonight.
JB_Smoove_Cook::Lin will have 25+points.. Melo 25+ points..Amare 15+points..   Lebron 30+points.. Wade 25+points.. Bosh 20+points
captn obvious::thanks for ruining it. now i don't have to watch the game
sportsplex23::Lin 18 pts, melo 22 pts, amare 15+
67largecharge::Its pretty obvious that the Knicks will beat the Heat in the playoffs. Next.
JB_Smoove_Cook::"Next" as in, "The Knicks wont see the next round because they always lose in the first one
drzsmoto33::Knicks fans how does it feel to know your going to go below .500 again?
drzsmoto33::Just walked past a college asian wearing a lin shirt =]
Jason Terry765::Tonight is goin to show what Lin is made of caz if he turns the ball over vs the Heat its goin to b a run out dunk..
jeremylinbetterthanrosenbryant::jeremy lin curses past the hawks
drzsmoto33::LESS THAN 5 TOs   SAY WHAT?!?!?!??!
RageKage14::If the Heat go to their 4th quarter lineup (LeBron, Wade, Haslem, Miller and Bosh) with LeBron at point, who is Lin going to guard? LeBron? Wade?
67largecharge::4th quarter....they both are chokes.
15pur::Doesnt matter, because the front court of Tyson,STAT, and Melo WILL destroy that threesome.
RageKage14::Tyson will have fouled out by halftime and STAT never has a good game against Miami.
drzsmoto33::that was very obvious
captn obvious::both. duh
Jason Terry765::C what Lin do tonight
JB_Smoove_Cook::Hawks were an average good team. with all the injuries, now they just suck. Injuries will do that to a team..trust me, Im a celtics fan.
captn obvious::so the Knicks beat the Mavs and Hawks and lose to the Hornets and nets.... Whiskey Tango Foxtrot
313titans::pretty slick lol
Knickerbockers.MTA::Where's the dude that was saying the Hawks were going to "expose" the Knicks last night??
drzsmoto33::you got beef?
67largecharge::Mommy trying to make his headache go away.
67largecharge::Li's father commented on haters, "why they no work and why they play Madden all day...they chilren?"
JB_Smoove_Cook::chilren*
bigbabysam::Race and Linsanity http://daodesam.blogspot.com/2012/02/race-and-linsanity.html
67largecharge::This is how these boards will look the rest of the year, good person, haters hate him, bad person, give him a chance. Haters are born losers.
bigbabysam::Why the race question and Jeremy Lin is irrelevant. http://daodesam.blogspot.com/2012/02/race-and-linsanity.html
captn obvious::so the Knicks beat the Hawks and Mavs but lose to Nawlins and NJ. Whiskey Tango Foxtrot
IMA-sped::THE BOBCATS COULD BEAT ATLANTA...........  BIG DEAL
dankrobinson::Where do you guys see Jeremy Lin settling career wise? Poor man's Steve Nash or something like jjbarea/jameer nelson.
nycpratl::poor man's Nash.  which is pretty good.  has to get a handle on turnovers and will face motivated opponents going forward
ASIAN DUCK SAUCE::He can score.  He can pass.  He gets better every game and works on his faults.  He will be a huge star.
hvs1717::If he stays with the Knicks he will be a perennial all star. He fits D'Antoni's system perfectly. Otherwise, he should be an above average point. He has very good vision, makes his teammates better and can score. He does need to work on his ballhandling, it is very average at best. Also he is below average on the ball defensively, but pretty good off the ball. And for a guy that has the ball in his hands it seems like he needs work at the line too. I may be wrong but in the games I have seen he looks like he needs work at the line too.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing_::too early to tell
agoods03::He will be a star.  I know nobody outside of NY wants to believe that or accept it but it's going to happen.
Lins Two Incher Is Better Than Lebrons Nine Incher::Lin is going to school that punk Lebron tonight
dankrobinson::I love Jeremy, but I really see Lebron doing one of those court to court in two steps emasculating backboard swats that bounces to halfcourt.
atlkee1787::LoL............ I don't think so
conlevis2::it won't be long before Melo and Stat aren't happy with the amount of touches/points they are getting.
nycpratl::you're paying attention.  it is just a matter of time.  both have a history of public whining when things don't go their way
ASIAN DUCK SAUCE::No your wrong.  If they are winning that is all that matters to this team.  Both players have max deals and now they just want to win.  You have NO CLUE!!
