James::OKC is mediocre without Westbrook.  Westy is almost unguardable and notice how Ibaka's offense is very one dimensionable without Westbrook's drives to the basket and dumping the ball to Ibaka.  The difference between OKC and Miami is huge  when comparing benches.  The Heat can still win without even Lebron James (bench includes 2 of 4 all time 3's shooters along with instant offense Beasly or Mr hustle rebounder Anderson and Haslem.  They also got capable Chalmers and Cole) but OKC can not lose Durant or Westbrook and they can not even beat poor teams without both of them.  Also shows just how good Westbrook is.  With the current team members i do not think they can win a championship.  Sad to say this but it is true.
laker fan 1989::Too bad only Durrant, Fisher and Reggie decided to play basketball today for OKC. Man Denver killing the Lakers really gave them a boost. I think Lakers are officially the worse team in the NBA or in a tie with the Bucks. Nets won big against the Warriors, NY handles Miami wins 3 in a row. Sac town beat Portland. All of the teams that were under the Lakers are improving. Utah has played .500 ball ever since Burke came back. And the Bucks and 76ers beat the Lakers. Boy we are bad this year.
clint::Durant almost as many FT as the whole Denver team and in just 27 minutes, can't say you don't get the calls. you could probably ask for and get sexual favors at half time.
Ali::Why exactly was KD mad at the refs when he was getting so many calls...and interesting how he told lamb to go for a shot with the game about to end.
I State Facts And You Get Mad::5 mins into the 2nd quarter and KD already had 10 FTA's... LMAO it looks like it will be over the 15 i predicted but it will be way over
Eric C::Ibaka hopefully will be back for this game, we missed him badly last game. GO THUNDER!!!
M.::Thunder has kicked it all season. Yes we've had some losses but who hasn't  We're still #1 in the Northwest Division and #2 in Conference, so keep your negative remarks for the teams that aren't #1 & #2
Dark::position - CENTER minutes - 21:13 rebound - 1???????????? CENTER???? perkins sucks
rene::The whole thunder team should just not even shoot the ball in the whole game just give it to durant they cant make a basket to save their lives
Edword::Next thing you know were all drunk butt naked skiing down a mountain of icecream
