kgdkdsk jgrjfgjd;fl::The Pistons are shooting 66% from the free throw line today and Drummond hasn't even attempted one.
Jer::Keep in mind that they were also losing games WITH Lopez and Williams. My guess is that Kidd is done if they hit 3-13. If there haven't been internal conversations about setting a threshold, then there's obviously nobody with a brain in the organization. You don't let a rookie coach run a win-now team into the ground. Not one with the biggest payroll in the league.
Benaiah H.::Can we finally all agree that the Jason Kidd experiment was bad from the jump.  Get an experienced coach that knows how to handle vets and actually has some experience and the Nets will make a run in a WEAK Eastern conference.
Cyril::Brandon Jennings is 0-6 at this point. He's now around 35% from the FIELD and below 30% on three's.  Good thing he's not taking the most shots on the team this year...oh, wait, he is.  What was it Jennings fans used to say?  He only shot all those bad shots because he had no one to pass to?  Looks like that excuse was wrong.   In the last game, Jennings had 16 shot attempts, 14 assists, and 5 turnovers for a total of 35 possessions. Assuming that his 14 assists produced 28 points, and factoring in the 8 points that he scored, that means his 35 possessions only produced 36 points!  That's horrible production from someone who used that insanely high an amount of possessions.
timeout::Even you add all the wins from NY teams which is 6 and 9, they are still under .500. How lucky NY fans are! Remember, these two teams were built for the title this year. What a biggest joke in NBA history!
kgdkdsk jgrjfgjd;fl::WOW!! PG siting, PG siting, Jennings really can pass the ball, even its for one game.
Belicheat::Jason Kidd needs to be fired.  You have to fire Jason Kidd and get a coach who have experience like Lionel Hollins.
EIGHT::Ainge looks like a genius
Jay M.::Celtics are not even trying, and have a better record then both New York teams . Puleeze, we all know that every team in the association is trying just as hard as evey other team to win games. If you're going to bring comments to the table, at least make comments that make sense.
Terry B::Time for Deron Williams to get someone fired.
