aaronernest504::I am wearing a hoodie, talking to my girlfriend.  I am 17 years old and weigh 140 LBS.  As I am walking at night, a 28 year old man jumps out of his truck, he weighs twice what I do and is yelling at me.  I have a pack of skittles and an ice tea in my pocket.  He has a gun in his pocket.  Minutes later the 140LB kid is dead, his weapons of an ice tea and skittles are still in his pocket.  Friends of Zimmerman, the cops(Zimmerman it was common knowledge wanted to be a cop)  Do not do a GSR, Gun Shot Residue  Do not take his clothes as evidence  Do not take him in  Do not arrest him  Do not take his gun  Do not take his blood for a drug test  They do let him go  They believe whatever he says  Fact---Police chief is gone and officers involved can kiss their incompetent cop careers goodbye.  Fact---They took the dead guys blood for tests not the shooter,this alone will doom these idiots from ever putting on a badge again.  Fact---Cops ignored witnesses that did not agree with their accounts.
hittinthe777::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. It is the best betting system I have ever followed in years of betting on sports and I recommend it to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works
leerey14::LMFAO 5 FT COMPARED TO 28, THIS............THIS RIGHT $@%!$@% HERE IS WHAT IVE BEEN TALKING ABOUT IN EVERY SIXERS GAME. GOD YOU PEOPLE ARE CLOWNS.
Its all my fault::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXnuOkAGJlY
jjensen1192::Cleveland better get to used to blowouts like this
jjensen1192::haha next draft and like 4 years homie
Its all my fault::not after next draft homie
ChiefWahoo1995::Well the Cavaliers are looking bad right now.  But the future is bright.  check this out - http://bit.ly/Hc6cbi
Tim the Big Apple Tebow::"Guys have lost some confidence"  well, when you trade prob the 3rd best player on the team, and you lose 4 straight...
sa330206::Oh Cavs..what happened?  One day they were like 1-2 games out of the playoffs and the next they lose by 18 to the 76ers?  Are they tanking on purpose or has their game really slipped?
Tim the Big Apple Tebow::sessions  and who knows, maybe Dan did it now so we would lose enought to get a top 5 pick..
sa330206::Yeah it's probably for the best.  We would have got killed first round anyway.
Sir_Keaton_Brownsbury_Esq.::I found a whole case of eggs under a bridge last week. Perfect condition. None of them missing, none of them cracked. I mean, who in their right mind throws away a perfectly good case of eggs in this day and age?
phunky58::meeeks doin it like he back in kentucky when he used to drop 50
THE WHO CARES GUY::like once lol
THE WHO CARES GUY::haven't found hard evidence that it's really that dangerous
THE WHO CARES GUY::i can't smoke the real stuff, i had, but now i cant  its kinda making me not want it to.. like i don't smoke it often at all maybe once a day
sa330206::Man don't be smoking synthetic.. thats going to kill your lungs.  Get some real stuff and a Cape.
THE WHO CARES GUY::i guess like 4 times  yo i smoked some of that sythetic cannabis.. its totally legal, i thought it was like special tobacco when i bought it.. it wasn't marked very well, but that stuff is pretty heavy at the beginning.. it does feel nice though after a bit
-Metta WorldHate-::Him?
CandySparker::Cheers Meeks!
yata9arasu::I wonder why someone would hate Byron Scott.  Unless you were a Cleveland fan.....  What would anyone's explanation for taking the time out of your day to trash a city for no reason other then you are trying to troll.  Also....  Clearly the Cavs are dropping now to get a higher pick.  Varejao is being held out until the first/second week of April.  Hmmmmmmmmmmmm.....  We have 7 1st rounders in the next 3 years!  I repeat 7!  This team has no where to go except up.  And anyone that doesn't think Irving/Thompson's maturing+ 7 1st round picks+Varejao+Gee=Playoff team is lying to themselves.
KingGeorge53::Chris Grant has done an outstanding job so far.    hard to argue with what little he had to deal with when he came in and what he's produced.    Cavs have a long way to go, but they quite possibly can make a lot of ground with 1) that many picks and 2) making the correct picks.  Many times, no one really knows what kind of player you're going to get.   So many variables.    May be the perfect type player for what the team needs but for some reason, the player doesn't take the next step.    However, with that many picks... geezie peezie!
JohnsonnnL::Hopefully the management drafts the right players.
ohiocat110::Yep, all about getting Irving, Thompson, and Gee minutes to develop their game. We can always hope the Lakers fall apart too.
bustasports::NBA re-draft i must admit cavs made some serious drafting mistakes....  http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/2012/03/full-2011-nba-re-draft.html
yata9arasu::Good game 76ers!  Good luck this year!  Go Cavs!  1 step closer to get a better draft pick!
Mr. Mojorising::How about that Byron Scott? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sburgess3366::another solid night Luke Walton,they need to give him more mins.,could be a x-factor
Tim the Big Apple Tebow::hilarious
The Land of Cleve::Phillie showed us no brotherly love tonight
sanctie170::Is Tristan Thompson the new Jeff Green?
mikeyp2307::Mr.Mojorising is totally in love with cleveland. Why else would he be here saying that stuff? He is just a scared individual. Dont worry kid. Im here for you. Express your love for cleveland.
J.Jensen::you just hate on everyone don't you
Val_Forsberg::<span style="text-decoration: blink;"><span style="font-family: Jokerman;">Bring me George Zimmerman and then i'll talk...</span></span>
MIKEDELPHIA313::meeks wont score more than 10 again this season
Mr. Mojorising::Cleveland Browns, Cavs, Indians...is there a more pathetic sports city?
The Land of Cleve::Minneapolis
PHILAFANinVA::washington dc.. FOR SURE. redskins, nationals, and an annual first round exit for the capitals.
mikeyp2307::Charlotte? Washington? Jacksonville?
6 Flavors of Wonton Soup::Panthers on the come up
Mr. Mojorising::Thats my point, Lebron.
Mr. Mojorising::florida has won titles.
6 Flavors of Wonton Soup::97 free throws by one person isn't no fluke, i know that much
LeBron has commitment issues::lol...im not a heat fan but cmon man....how long u gonna hold that grudge....are you a 9/11 Truther too?
spong3bobrox::the heat finals 2006 was rigged
LeBron has commitment issues::Florida has the marlins, Lightning, Buccaneers,Heat...all with titles
spong3bobrox::florida(miami, etc.)
Val_Forsberg::<span style="text-decoration: blink;"><span style="font-family: Jokerman;">GEORGE ZIMMERMAN 2012</span></span>
The Land of Cleve::Go F&amp;*# yourself 2012
spong3bobrox::Candace Parker (his sister) &gt; Anthony Parker
sportsphanatic237::Nice to see Meeks score 31. Now why did he decide to start hitting his shots against the lottery-bound Cavs?
CleFan4Life68::the cavs should trade all there first round draft picks this year plus anybody but kyrie, gee, and AV for James Harden
CleFan4Life68::lol well we keep 3 of our top players and get a really good SG...and idk if you can blow up a 17-30 team, they are already terrible lol
LeBron has commitment issues::lol.....so blow up the team to get Harden?
LeBron has commitment issues::"due to budget cuts....likes will only be given out based on individual merit.....no handouts..."
i liked this comment::likes are free babyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
i liked this comment::i like myself
cellus24::Jody meeks on nba tv after the win talking about his big game http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzdAINOuH5k&amp;feature=channel
PHILAFANinVA::5 free throws compared to 28 free throws. DAMN
spong3bobrox::The GM needs to stop being an $@%!$@% and surround Kyrie with players THAT ACTUALLY HAVE TALENT, cause if he don't, Kyrie is gonna pull a LeBron.
mikeyp2307::calm down. Good Lord bro. Its called the draft.
Mr. Mojorising::This is why Cleveland and their fans are a joke. We all know BYron Scott is a joke...but they think he is good. Just like Cleveland fans think Colt McCoy is good. See? Cleveland will never win...their fans are to stupid.
mikeyp2307::I hear your wife calling. Its time to suck her dick
i liked this comment::how do you really feel about cleveland fans......don't hold back
spong3bobrox::cool
Ryan Hosss::too stupid?
spong3bobrox::Getting ready for the lottery balls.....
Mr. Mojorising::I think Byron Scott is something like 38-100+....how do you keep a coach like that? LOL! He is a joke.
The Land of Cleve::Blame LBJ for getting drunk the night before game 6 against Boston, destroying the empire in the making, and abandoning his team when it got tough.  That left a huge power vacuum that we're only just starting to fill
MirBay_Watson::Blame Dan Gilbert. Don't blame Scott.
spong3bobrox::Dan Gilbert sucks.
i liked this comment::he is playing with the talent they have.........simple huh?
ctowngambler78::Cool story bro....
CavsFan86::the 76ers fans celebrating like they won the finals, lol!
MirBay_Watson::Nah. For every time the Sixers score 100 points in a home game, the purchasing fans get free Big Macs the next day. Always a plus.
ctowngambler78::What???
Claude Giroux28::what?
DaKing0325_::celebrating for big macs
MirBay_Watson::Really? Who in here is hyped? Just stated a good win.
DaKing0325_::31 for meeks who woulda thought
MirBay_Watson::Good win. Next up, the lowly Washington Wizards on Friday.
rob1153@aol.com::Yessssss im happy too
miked_1::yey over hits ,im so happy
Hardcore Sportsfan247365::I'm trolling the Lakers game after this
Mr. Mojorising::Byron Scott should never be allowed to coach a team again. The guy is the worst ever.
MirBay_Watson::This is not Byron's fault. You can't give him $@%!$@%!$ and asked him to turn it to sugar in a year or two.
Mr. Mojorising::And how many did he win?
robinsonm13::Made back to back finals
polomontana::I don't think Bradley Beal will be availble when the Cavs pick.
i liked this comment::mo ping png balls plz..........thx cavs
metsnlchampsxxx2012xxx::whats the o/u?
miked_1::i more basket for me
Hands Off Hobo Joe::Sullinger to Cavs!
hhkal::Just popped in to say...  BIG MAC BIG MAC BIG MAC!!!!!!!!!!!!!
MirBay_Watson::NOW, we can go home.
Hands Off Hobo Joe::SEE YOU IN HELL, PHILADELPHIA!
tk542114::you mad.
Hardcore Sportsfan247365::20 points
