kokkopop::Did Perkins contribute more than just his minutes?
Ronald::Bledose is a strong candidate for Most Improve Player. It's too early for the season but the MIP award would be so hard to choose who deserves it most. Drummond, A.Davis, Turner, Lillard, and Kwahi also are great candidate for this award. I will choose A.Davis because that team will make the playoffs if he could average a double-double.
Ronald::I knew Hornacek would be a good coach for the Suns. I'm impressed with most of the 1st year coaches except for B.Shaw and the Grizzlies coach. Those two teams still are good enough to make the playoffs but players and their coach won't be on the same page and a possibility of self destruction. The firing of Hollins and Karl would have a bigger impact on their respective teams.
Christopher::I understand the logic in trading Eric Bledsoe to space the floor with perimeter shooters, but the Clipper's didn't get enough for him. Horrible trade, the Clippers are getting worse. Warriors will win the division.
Be+::Just look at the confidence Westbrook brings to the rest of the Thunder players.  Wow!
Dan::Kevin Martin is looking great!  Signed,  Minnesota
Be+::As a Thunder fan, I think if they don't make it back to the finals again soon, I think it's possible that Durant might leave for Houston (former UT-Austin player) & Westbrook (former UCLA player) recruited by Lakers.
Robb::yeah cuz the thunder can afford Kevin Loves' contract. theyre broke when it comes to max players, with KD Westbrook and Ibaka needing his theyre roster is what it is as far as studs. Maybe able to get a bargain specialist or two with some finagling but they arent able to bring on any new talent without unloading key pieces. Remember Harden was packed for this very reason
GoHorns::Fat nose Westbrick needs to start passing more and understand that this is KD's team, and that he's merely the 2ND  COG in this unit bug getting overpaid like he's the first.
thinking out loud::Even with Westbrook back I don't think the Thunder is a serious contender anymore. I think they peaked a few years ago. Unless they do a major change to the roster I don't see them making the finals. If they can get a good power forward or center (someone who can score and rebound like Kevin Love) along with a better bench that will make them contenders again.
