wasatchstallion::What do you call a bunch of millionaires sitting around watching the NBA finals?  The Lakers.
EricDavis0822::Very good chance the Lakers will replace D'Antoni as coach.
Terry 1953::The Lakers should trade Dwight Howard for anybody
crtech39::By these  time next year...  "Welcome to the MBA (Mexican Basketball Association) Senor Kobe"  How do you say "ball hog" in spanish?
legendjr_27::El Pelota Cochino! AYE AYE AYE! ARRIVA!!
Daniela96124::What really gets me, is that you can't touch Kolby.  You literally breathe on him and the refs send him to the charity line.
Peter26811::The lakers have no chance like this. Their team isnt built to run in dantoni's system. Kobe will be shooting the ball more than he already is(thats a scary thought). And their defense is really terrible. 117 points to the utah jazz. who arent exactly a stellar offensive team either. They will be one of the top five worst defenses by seasons end, if they arent already
crtech39::Lebron in 9 years has 230 Double Doubles  and 33 Triple Doubles  Kobe in 17 years has 158 Double Dobles and 18 Triple Doubles  How do people even consider Kobe GOAT player.   Kobe has 5 rings and LBJ 1 but rings are more of a team effort than individual effort . By this logic Bill Russell is the GOAT of all GOAT players
roundballplayah::playoffs? NOT for the lakers this season.....
Daniela96124::Kobe is a slightly better version of JR SMith,
Wixcrave::Honestly... Kobe is no better than Gilbert arenas or Allen iverson. If given the teammates and shots, theyre the same player
Klansman2232::Gooo Jazz!
number1fudude::I thought for sure they would still be in here ripping on Kobe for his mediocre play. He missed 15 shots, If he had given up the ball 10 of those time and the lakers shot 50%, they would have won. Kome On Cobe?!?!
jcmaggi::Ya, there's no doubt Kobe's shot selection played a part in the loss. However, more critical issues are giving up 16 offensive rebounds and 14 turnovers leading to 25 points.
scottpilgrim33::"Man we suck boys. "  Kobe
flip tide.....::you mean, Jerry Sandusky
mikeisildur::"The Lakers have no class"  --Magic Johnson  "Lakers fans are dumb"  --Kobe Bryant
Gnu1087::"If you want to have fun, play with Lebron James. If you want to win championships, play with Kobe Bryant" ~Larry Bird "Kobe is the greatest Laker of all time and one the of greatest scorers this game has ever seen" ~ Magic Johnson "Kobe sucks and can't shoot" ~ Morons on a message board who know nothing about the game of basketball
venerican1::larry brown did not say that idiot. and magic is the best laker all time
flip tide.....::No, Kareem was.  Thanks for playing!
flip tide.....::Who the hell is this bird named Larry of which you speak?  Is he on Sesame Street?
Kobah-Bryne::When did Larry Bird say that???
LakersAtSonics1995::It was in an interview like this past spring or something like that... It may have actually been ESPN, too, so you might be able to look it up
Kobah-Bryne::Kobe's the only player in the NBA with a negative PER...
sources says::Jeremy Lin
Kobah-Bryne::Two peas in a pod...
sources says::Last yr Knicks suck. they have no defense. -Lakers Fan  This yr Lakers suck. They have no defense -Knicks fan  common denominator - D'Antoni.
flip tide.....::Holy Math and Fractions Batman!
Kobrick is trash::"I have better court vision than kobe"  ---Stevie wonder
Kobah-Bryne::Zing!!!
Kobah-Bryne::Dwight Coward doesn't want to play defense, because Kome Bryant doesn't want to share the ball, so they both showing each other who's boss...
Demoted::Dwight Howard averages 2 less shots in LA than he did as a 1st option in Orlando...  clown
flip tide.....::he SHOULD have averaged more shots in Orlando, Van Gundy = FAIL
Kobes Black Mamba::That's funny because it could be right. Either way, I can't see Dwight sticking around.
u2cangetthebozack::You may be right...
Kobes rape charges.::<b>What does Kobe and his rape victims have in common?  They both have no defense.</b>
Conky Bubs::why isnt Mr Pringles coach fired yet?
flip tide.....::'cause once you Pop, you can't stop!
u2cangetthebozack::"34 points on 37% shooting is a great night...no, I've NEVER heard of offensive efficiency; who does he play for?" - The Kobe Bryant Athletic Supporters
u2cangetthebozack::Where are the Laker fans? They're awfully quiet (and invisible) to do as much crowing as they do...
Kobes rape charges.::<b>^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^</b>
flip tide.....::...sigh.....you are such an idiot, but since you're here....
James Harden 3 point Celebration::lakers suck imo
So_fla305::Thats not an opinion its a fact
Objective Sports Analyst::Greatest Lakers Of All Time  1. Tim Donaghy&nbsp; 2. Dick Bavetta&nbsp; 3. Joey Crawford&nbsp; 4. Bennett Salvatore&nbsp; 5. Bob Delaney
So_fla305::LOL
epitome1986::kobe averages 10.2 missed shots a game. gasol averages 11.8 shots a game. howard averages 11.4 shots a game. if you think kobe is not the problem in this team, then you do not understand basketball.
Demoted::How is he the problem?  Bigs dont usually take a lot of shots anyway...  Dwight Howard averaged 13 shots per game on Orlando
flip tide.....::That's because Stan Van Gundy willingly allowed idiots to chuck up wild shots  while Dwight was battling for position on the low block, in a misguided attempt to curry favor with the lower level team players.
epitome1986::because kobe is shooting at a lower percentage then howard. if kobe were to give up two shots he would only be taking 17 attempts a game with howard taking 13. only a 4 shot difference as opposed to a 9 shot difference. plus kobe plays zero defense.
So_fla305::Dont worry Lakers fans, soon enough The Lakers will get the best 6th man possible as they do yearly....Joey Crawford and his crew..
shattered_Dreams88@hotmail.com::Byron Scott Game Plane - Let Kobe shoot 30 points, we'll win the game!  Players - Coach your so smart! Byron Scott - I know :D
.Batman.::As a Laker fan, I've stayed optimistic until this point.   But, there's no excuse for having that talent and playing the way they have.  This team sucks right now and I honestly don't see Pau and Nash fixing it.  Until they start playing defense, this team's title chances are 0.
flip tide.....::"Until they start playing defense, this team's title chances are 0."  Title chances??  Try PLAYOFF CHANCES :(
flip tide.....::FIRE D'antoni!  Knicks fans, last year
So_fla305::Kobe has led the league more seasons in missed shots than actually leading the league in scoring...LOL
So_fla305::Remember how funny it was when Miami was 9-8 in their first year??
epitome1986::but those were mostly close games. lakers fall behind double digits, then always try to make a run in the last minute of the game to drop it into single digits.
chriscaz1::Plus Lord knows  how much help they're getting from the refs every night...
chriscaz1::That's funny....that looks like a winning record...
ON THE 8TH DAY GOD CREATED THE JAZZ::Um Kobe,,, so where do we go to buy "Big Boy Pants"?????  Lakers
Kobes Black Mamba::Lakers give up 117 points to the Jazz who shot over 54% from the field.  This is becoming a common trend for the Lakers. the opposition shooting 50+% on their way to outgunning LA.  Nash may help the offense, but the question is who or what can help with that atrocious defense?
epitome1986::this is true, dwight is having enough trouble with guarding his man and trying to clean up kobe's lack of defense.
flip tide.....::^ you better fuckingbe sarcastic buddy!  lol
So_fla305::Kobe gets torched on defense and then chucks up 25+ shots a game to make up for his defensive woes... However ESPN will make sure they overrate him enough to where he will be 1st NBA team defender
Kobah-Bryne::We still have time, no need to hit the panic button, plus we can turn on the switch whenever we want.   Delusional Lakers goons,
epitome1986::so kobe scores 34 and thinks he is being great? plays zero defense and mo williams and gordon drop 36 on him. hmmm, seems to negate anything he did in this game. so in reality all he did last night was get 0 rebounds and 3 assist.
So_fla305::Do you think the Lakers woes have to do with the fact that Kobe is leading the league in FGA and missed shots??  The Lakers are 1-9 when Kobe goes for 30 or better...And he is obvioucly trying to lead the league in scoring...
.Batman.::No. I'm putting this to nobody playing defense.   The offense is fine, there is little effort on the other side.
flip tide.....::"all NBA defense means nothing people!!!!"  those players got their rep by playing in a SYSTEM that utilized their skills!  Defense is a TEAM effort, and cannot be "one" player only.
So_fla305::2 "all-NBA" defenders plus Metta?? And they cant stop anybody?? Nah its on offense where the prob lies
Objective Sports Analyst::2013 season:&nbsp; Lakers record in games where Kobe took 19 shots or more: 1-10 &nbsp; Lakers record in games where Kobe took 18 shots or less: 8-2 &nbsp; Lakers record in games where Howard took 11 shots or more: 8-4 &nbsp; Lakers record in games where Howard took 10 shots or less: 1-8&nbsp; Lakers record in games where Gasol took 11 shots or more: 7-3&nbsp; Lakers record in games where Gasol took 10 shots or less: 1-7  K(obe)ANCER B(ryant)ALLHOG IS THE PROBLEM PEOPLE
Kobrick is trash::Kobrick needs to retire for lakers to make the playoffs. He is a liability on both ends of the floor. When you hurt the team more than you help them its time to call it quits
flip tide.....::Not true, however...  The team needs a new manager and coach.  A strong coach, with the gravitas to demand certain things from his player (kobe) and players (rest of the team)  Since no coach (except maybe Phil Jackson and Pat Riley) can say anything to Kobe, ANYTHING else that is said to ANYONE ELSE is weak and useless.  On second thoughts, maybe you are right..
chriscaz1::Also alot of people have tried to compare Michael and Kobe. Let me make this very clear. MICHAEL IS THE BEST AND IT'S NOT EVEN CLOSE! During Michael's career he averaged a 49.5 FG %, with a career high at 54 %! He shoot at that percent in 3 years! Kobe has never even hit Michael's average in one year! His best was 46.7% in 08. His average is 45%. You cannot tell me someone who shoots that low of a percent is the "best player ever." The argument is ridiculous. In my opinion Kobe is a T-15 player all-time at best! And that's only because of the rings Shaq and the players around him won for him.
chriscaz1::Also, both Michael and Kobe average 35.0 points in one season during their career. The difference? Michael shot at an amazing 53.5% while Kobe shot at a mediocre 45%. Yeah please tell me how amazing KoBrick is
ON THE 8TH DAY GOD CREATED THE JAZZ::Hey Kobe,,,, how does that Karma taste??  -- some chick in Colorado
sources says::Told you Knicks don't suck. it was their coach  -Mike Woodson
ON THE 8TH DAY GOD CREATED THE JAZZ::All the Kobe's horses,,, and all the Kobe's men,,,, couldnt get the ball away from Kobe again !!!!!!
NBA where favoritism happens 11.0::That's what I get when I put my idiot son in charge.  -- Dr. Jerry Buss
Qzhoopin20::Been saying ever since the Opening Night loss to Dallas...the Lakers roster is weak. It doesn't matter who the coach is either. When you go 0-8 in the preseason, even though it doesn't count, it's not a fluke or an accident....then you go into the season 1-4...now you're 1-13!!! Big names, but no chemistry (and I'm a diehard Laker fan!!)
chriscaz1::Coming from a neutral fan it's pretty obvious that the problem lies in Kobe's hands. He can't continue to shoot 1/2 of the teams shoots every night and expect to win, especially when he has the best Center in the league down low. Also, the guy just does not play defense anymore. There were several times when he was just standing around not caring what happened on that side of the ball. He acts like he's the greatest thing since sliced bread when in reality he's a mediocre SG, at this point in his career, who shots 20-30 times a game and could give two $@%!$ about how many points the other team puts up.
chriscaz1::First off there is a reason the Lakers are 1-9 when Kobe scores more than 30. The more Kobe shoots=the less efficient the Lakers offense is. Also defense is a TEAM game. So when your so called "leader" doesn't care whether the other team scores or not, it's a big problem. This team is stacked with elite defenders(Dwight, Metta) but Kobe's laziness has clearly spread through the team.
Qzhoopin20::Kobe has lost a step but is still the best shooter on the team. SOMEBODY has to shoot the damn ball. The Lakers bigger problem is their lack of team speed and lack of transition defense. They give up waaaayyy too many easy baskets, then have to work their @$$ off on the other end.
epitome1986::most of that transition defense falls on kobe, he didn't hustle back. he stayed arguing and pouting at the refs.
Qzhoopin20::Kobe is always the easy scapegoat, but he's been taking a lot of shots his entire career! He didn't just start taking shots!! The Lakers don't play DEFENSE...and they lack team speed and lack guys able to creat their own shot. When their shooters are on, Kobe shoots less...when our shooters are missing shots, Kobe shoots more.
epitome1986::kobe shot a lower fg% last night then the rest of the team.
ChooseLife316::Kobe needs to adjust his game at this point in his career. he has lost a step. its pretty obvious. plus he has dwight howard on his team. dwight should be the 1st option.
ON THE 8TH DAY GOD CREATED THE JAZZ::Buss is my friggin HERO !!!!  He hires a guy that is worse than the one he fired,, and in the process pisssses off the ONLY coach that can help this team soooooo bad,,,, he will never come back to coach the Lakers.    LOL - Lakers are Fu Hucked !!!!
NBA where favoritism happens 11.0::Excellent emphasis on the "Fu Hucked" part. :-)
barcodedlife::Lol  - Mike Brown, Phil Jackson
POSTBUSTERSo_O::LOL @ Lakers fans still saying "Lakers will be fine".
