Tom Taplinger::The Cavs are making the Pistons look like world champions !  How can the Cavs consistently shoot so poorly (under 40%)  ????  And, where is MB's famous defense?  The opposition has been scoring over a 100 in most recent games.  Not a good defense and no one (except Kyrie) can shoot straight most nights.
George Chip Thayer::agree    Let the players that defend and shoot play.    And it's not the veterans...     If I were the coach, the next game if they start to stink like this again, in the 1st Q bring in Delly, Karasev, Bennett, Tristan Thompson and Zeller.
Bill Freshwater::1st game i have been to this year.  it will also be the only.  most laughable performance i have ever seen by a pro team.  at one point we were shooting 24% from the field...IN THE 3RD PERIOD!!!  no offensive sets to run.  defense was atrocious.  this team is not as close as some think
Ruth Miller::With all due respect, Detroit will be a good young team. They have size and athleticism and once they figure out how to play, they will be a tough out. They've already beat Miami, and Indiana on the road.
George Chip Thayer::Best wishes to the PIstons and their fans.    Somethings gotta give tonight as the Cavs play their best at home while the Pistons play their best on the road.  Go Cavaliers!
Joe Brooks::Let the tanking begin in Cleveland.
Ryan Hastings::Too many jumpshots by Bynum.  Cavs need to face it; he's not a pick and roll player.  They have one of the best pick and roll point guards in the league.  Can Bynum still play?  Yes.  But I don't see the Cavs being a successful team offensively or defensively with him eating up major minutes.  They're better off looking to trade him if at all possible and giving Zeller and Bennett more PT.
George Chip Thayer::Agree 100%   However, we know that's not in Mike Brown's DNA.    He wants to prove Byron Scott was an idiot and is why he drafted Bennett as he wanted to replace him.    Tristan still doesn't get the props by Brown that he should get.    Tonight it was Tristan and Zeller still fighting even when it was obvious the game was over.     In fact, I'll go this far...   Every veteran Brown brought in has been a failure.    Jack looks overweight and a guy you might chose last in a weekend pick up game.   Earl Clark can only shoot a 3 now and then, but he can't defend or move his feet.   AT least Bynum has worked extremely hard to get to this point.   I'll give him that.   But I would like to see a continuation of what the Cavs were building on.    Tyler Zeller has done what the organization has asked of him.  He can run the floor, his footwork under the basket has improved immensely, he can shoot the mid range jumper, he can shoot FTs, and has gained muscle.    I'm with you.   Trade Bynum and I'll add Varejao, Earl Clark and Jack to the "must trade ASAP" list.    Once the FO and Coach has figured out which younsters are keepers, then go out and get the veterans.   Or if you must keep some of these veterans around, do like Tito did with the tribe.   Bring them off the bench sparingly.   Let the kids play and develop.
Ryan Hastings::I don't think it's a pride thing with Mike Brown.  I think he fully believes that Bynum makes the team better.  Sadly though, a missed shot by Bynum is worse than a long rebound from a 3 pointer.  As soon as he misses, it's a 5 on 3 or 5 on 4 break.  There's no chance the Cavs can get into any sort of set defense when Bynum can't get up the floor in time to make a difference.  When the Cavs are set, Bynum doesn't look like a liability most of the time on defense.  However, this doesn't happen for a majority of the game, and the amount of points people are putting up on the Cavs speaks volumes about their inability to get set on defense.   I don't think Varejao needs to be traded so much as he just needs to start with Zeller backing him up.  The Cavs need to play to their strengths, which is young legs and hustle, not half court offense and execution.  They're the 2nd youngest team in the league and to expect them to play set offense on every possession is just unrealistic given their lack of experience both in the league and as a whole.
Ryan Hastings::I agree as well that the Cavs had something going with a young nucleus and they sadly jumped the gun on free agents (though some was brought about by the CBA I think they could have saved their money and went hard after Iguodala).  Dellavedova's effort is about 10x that of Jarret Jack's on every single possession. They need to get back on track with bringing in young talent to form a team in which, in the end, Dion, Kyrie, and Tristan are the veterans and leaders, much like what OKC has going with KD and Westbrook.  Another thing the Cavs must realize is that Kyrie is likely to hit the Derrick Rose exception by starting in the All-Star game this year and the next year and be eligible for a 5 year deal at the end of his rookie deal.  Cavs are going to be silent in this summer's free agent market as they'll have to save money for Kyrie and likely down the line, Dion and Tristan plus whoever else they draft in 2014 (4 picks) and 2015 (potentially 6 picks with 4 potential 1st rounders).
George Chip Thayer::I might add that for all the people that thought it was Dion Waiters that was the problem, the Cavs became lame in this 3 game embarrassment when Dion went down.    Just a side note that is.
A.j. Skiba::I don't see what all the hate on Dion is. He plays with nice pace and averages close to 15 points a game off the bench. If he played as many minutes as Kyrie, Dion would be averaging 18 points a game... Kyrie averages 21. Dion has a higher shooting percentage than Kyrie and also is shooting 40% on 3's. He's a average defender. He finishes well at the rim and has a nice pull-up.  He's also only 20 games into his 2nd season... Which means he has plenty of room to grow. If he's averaging 24 points a game in 4 years if the Cavs trade him, everyone will be wondering why we traded him. I believe most of the hate is because he called out Kyrie and the coaching staff for their treatment of Kyrie compared to him. I think a lot of fans got defensive and took those comments the wrong way and immediately want him gone. I'd love for him to stay. If anyone needs to go on this team, it's Zeller and Gee (good defender, but not part of the future. Give more minutes to Bennett).
Joe Brooks::I can see why LBJ wanted out of Cleveland. So when is Irving going to get smart and get the heck out of there? Only thing Cleveland can compete for is lottery picks.
Jake Gibbs::Bynum has been such a pleasant surprise for Cleveland.  9 pts, 5.4 reb., 1.14 blocks in part time minutes.  Plus he has stayed healthy.  Great move by the Cavs.
JD Scott::After choking away a huge lead versus Charlotte, it was good to see the Pistons beat one of the teams they should beat.
Jake Gibbs::Picking between Brandon Jennings and Kyrie Irving is like picking between Ann Sothern and Joan Blondell. I prefer Ann.
Joe Brooks::Bynum 0 for 7. What has made people think this kid is worth anything? You know you suck if the Lakers won't keep you.
Jake Gibbs::Bynum has played MUCH better than people thought he would.  He is earning his money.
Ryan Hamersley::Can't cut him soon enough (team option in January), but I'm afraid Chris Grant won't do it.
Jake Gibbs::Ryan Hamersley Why cut him???  Makes no sense.
Jake Gibbs::Brandon Jennings 21 points, 13 assists, 2 steals....ho hum.
Joe Brooks::ok...It's Detroit, on your floor. Going to bother to show up Cavs?
Marc Pascal::Bynum's going for Tim Hardaway's record
Eric Pawlowski::anyway these teams could hit 8 straight 3s in 2 min lol
Eric Pawlowski::MAKE LAY UPS.. AND FOUL A LOT.. HOW ABOUT THAT?
Eric Pawlowski::lol wow.. what the hell.. a lil too late haha
Jake Gibbs::Josh Smith show tonight.
Eric Pawlowski::Cleveland.. you blow
Damien Bassilious::WHY ARE CAVS SO GOOD LOL
Frank White::how is bynum 0-11
Ryan Gladish::Because he sucks
George Chip Thayer::IDK why you'd pick on Bynum only.   Jack clunked another O-fer while getting one assist in 20 minutes while fouling and turning the ball over.   I'd keep Bynum before I'd keep Jack.
Eric Pawlowski::wow..
A bro with many cool stories::Another game where Kyrie/Noel continue their fake injury to sit out and watch the team lose? Losing on purpose is one thing, but faking an injury so  you don't even have to suit up is low. Please LeBron, never return to that garbage team/city.
George Chip Thayer::Too much eggnog for the delusional heat fan.
A.j. Skiba::I think Kyrie has only missed 1 game this year and he's completely healthy at the moment...
