Corbin Wells::bobcats look like they can take the 8 seed this year just need to play better at home.
Denniz Rodman::I can see that.
David Fields::Should Milwaukee even show up to this game or any game this season. At this rate will they even win 15 games this season lol? They might as will tank it already this year get some trade value for some of their players for draft picks or something because what they have now sure isn't producing any wins.
H.r. Rearden::Wiggins!  Jabari Parker!  Randel!  Bucks looking good for next years draft.
Christopher Janda::Honestly, I'm hoping for Smart.
Goon GotCash Rob::Tank for Wiggins
Brian Sims::Parker.
Kyle Miller::2-13
Sportsbettingstar.com::As bad as the NBA's Eastern Conference has been so far this season, the Milwaukee Bucks have reached a whole new level of ineptitude. The Bucks look to halt a 10-game losing streak Friday night as they visit the Charlotte Bobcats. Milwaukee fell to 2-12 on the season with a 100-92 overtime loss to the Washington Wizards on Wednesday, while the Bobcats fell behind early against powerhouse Indiana and couldn't recover en route to a 99-74 home loss. Frustration is mounting in Milwaukee, where the Bucks find themselves near the bottom of the league in just about every offensive category. Its the battle of the bads but if I had to chose sides it would be with Charlotte here.
Denniz Rodman::battle of the BADS? the Cats are currently inside top 8. And the Cats are improved in offense (Al Jefferson) and in defense (Steve Clifford).
Daren P. Hill::Larry Drew is the first NBA coach fired this year. I hope. It's one thing to pray for a lottery pick; it's entirely another to put out an NBA product so DISGUSTING you can't bear to even read the box score.
Jimson C. Cuenta::No, Jason Kidd will be the first coach fired this year. Every non-delusional person knew that Milwaukee was going to suck this year. The Nets, on the other hand, were supposed to compete for an NBA Championship. Instead, the Nets are just barely above Milwaukee, at the very bottom of the Eastern Conference. Judging by the Nets-Rockets score on the top of this page, it would not surprise me if Kidd does not get to coach another game.
Michael Maiorano::If the Bucks win 15 games this year it will be a miracle.  Worst roster in the NBA by far.  When OJ Mayo is your best player, well you are in serious serious trouble.
Scott Martin::Got free tix on 4th row behind Bucks bench, taking Mom for 1st time since Jordan played on Mothers Day
Gordon Waller::What has the game come to if Josh McRoberts is a starter for any team?  Wow.
Dustin Wagner::Bucks are getting the win for sure tonight.
Scott Martin::Thanks JB for the hookup!!!
Steven Serock::is this televised on NBA ticket?
Brian Backoff::bucks roll
Derik Dolajeck::https://www.facebook.com/pages/Fire-Larry-Drew/590409171006463?sk=page_insights_talking
James Winn::That's the most ignorantly stupid page in the history of facebook.  Stop the mediocrity?  Newflash, the Bucks have been mediocre for a decade, and it's had NOTHING to do with Larry Drew.  Ignorant Bucks fans like you are the toughest part about going back to Wisconsin.  You spit out all the nonsense about not being mediocre anymore and wanting a championship, but when the Bucks FINALLY do what it's going to take to bring a championship to Milwaukee, you whine about it.  You think Milwaukee is going to get a championship by sitting on their hands and picking 15th in the draft every year?  You think Milwaukee is going to sign a bunch of big name free agents who would rather play in LA, NY, or Miami, or just anywhere warm?  You're probably one of the "Bucks fans" who were cheering on the Reddick trade last year. If you want the Bucks to get better, if you want the Bucks to have ANY hope of competing at any point (and it's not going to be this year no matter what delusions you might have), then you're cheering on each and every loss, bringing us closer to the top of one of the most loaded draft classes in years.    Also, you should know that if the Bucks finish with the worst record, they'll pick no worse than 4th.  6th wouldn't even be an option.  Also, we got the 1st overall pick in 1994 and 2005, so I have no idea where this Stern screwing Milwaukee over nonsense is from, but seriously, just stop it.
Derik Dolajeck::James Winn thanks James you're so awesome.
Ryan McGonigle::Sweet page... If Drew continues to not start Henson and give him at least 30 min/game, then he deserves to be fired....
