MinniWolves90::.
fnm076::Howard will stay. If he walks, he gives up $30 million. How does anyone not get that?
wnbagals::Buss and Kupchak need to finally make a good decision.  Not trading Dwight before the trade deadline would be snowballing every bad decision made to this point.  To say we're just going to stick it out is ignorant and not facing reality.  He will walk and I can't really say I blame him.  We need to get some value in return.
klk82693::Has Kobe passed the ball yet?
oldsurfdawg::Yep !!............... 9 out of 10 spewing hate are just ignorant.
CaliforniaPurple::Clearly you don't watch basketball
wnbagals::Seriously, pay attention.  Idiots come on here clueless with nothing meaningful to say
oldsurfdawg::Lakers Trade Pau to Minny for an injured Love.  Spaniards get to play together.  Lakers trade Dwight to Clippers for CP3.  OK.....so I was only dreamin.
SandyBeachesinla::Lakers dont need Chris Paul, They already have Steve Nash
wnbagals::Lakers don't need Chris Paul?  Wow - yes we do.  Nash can't create his own shot anymore and isn't the same player.
oldsurfdawg::Nash over Paul?  yeah ...sure.
wilhenderso 6::Thats not what his PlayStation 3  said.
lasportsfanforlife24::im a die hard laker fan we are not like any other basketball franchise its win a title or its a considered a failure
Carlosisgone::The next game vs Miami will pretty much tell us where the Lakers are at.
hateondis::no it would not
Sedale Threatt always goes left::To be fair we have to see if Miami will play Bosh and Allen next game.  Carlos still brings up a good point, no matter who is injured, the game on Sunday will be a barometer of which direction the Lakers are really headed.
hateondis::not really. missing 2 big men.
mamba_bison311::I would have lost all faith in the postseason if they had lost that game last night.  As it is this trip is going to end up 4-3,    should not have lost that PHX game.   a 5-2 road trip wouldve been impressive.    I really hope Dwight just starts playing and nothing thinking about all the other stuff going on.   He wants support and for people to stop talking,   well dude go out there and perform and make us talk about something else.     I really think he walks after this year and that terrifies me.
Sedale Threatt always goes left::I see your point Mamba, but as a Laker fan I can't imagine the team is going in there with that kind of defeatist attitude.  Just because a win is unlikely in Miami doesn't mean the Lakers OR the fanbase should have that mentality!
mamba_bison311::Ive had the Miami game as an L since before the start of the road trip.   Its not impossible for them to win that game,  but the odds are soooooooo against them.  Especially with the way Lebron is playing lights out... I dont see Metta or Clark stopping him.    They would have to play a perfect game to beat Miami.   Solid team D, Kobe facilitating and scoring,  everyone else making shots and REBOUNDING!!!!!     Miami sucks at rebounding,   we have to win that category
-whoa-::yea i expect dwight to have a much better game vs miami this time, last time they dominated him, and lebron wont shoot 90% with dwight in the middle... i hope
-whoa-::we might beat the heat tho, we almost beat them last time out and we did recently beat OKC
-whoa-::thats not what i said but its certainly possible tho its not probable
AmazinGrapeOKC::so because you beat OKC in one game out of 3 you can beat Mia on the road??????
nodonovan1377::Lakers got away w/one because they were playing the Bobcats.  Falling down by 20 to a team of their level when you have Nash, Kobe or D12 is almost as bad as a loss.
nodonovan1377::If ur team is doing so poorly that it has to feed momentum off of a win over the Bobcats then u know ur team is F'd
-whoa-::LOL this is tru
-whoa-::some may argue that a comeback this big can help a team get hot
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::I thought this was a trap game for the Bobcats....
oblique15::La fans only have 11 titles  5 belong to minnesota  Fact  but it don`t matter to most Laker fans, most of them never stepped a foot in Cali!
AntW310::Ok.. i'll take our 11 titles... still more than most franchises. And I love my SoCal West LA weather... no blizzards here... just Grammy Weekend parties...
nodonovan1377::And another title should have never happened...Kings screwjob series.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Yeah, the refs made the Kings blow game 7 at home, helped Rob Horry hit that 3 with the assist fron Vlade.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::But Laker fans have 16 titles. It's called a franchise. You keep the name, you keep the titles. Fact. Lived in So Cal all my life.
timetodienow1234567::Henderson &gt; Kobe for this game.
bballfballfan::negative sir
Titans_ are_ Oilers::i thought this was a Lakers Bobcats board?
bballfballfan::you thought wrong buddy
timbeebe2::Who can upset the Heat in the east? I really think the Pacers give them so many matchup problems and that defense is very good. Alot of big bodys
kawaikanuha@yahoo.com::I agree' Indiana poses the biggest threat because of their amazing defense. Also, NY could take the Heat down as well if they can stay hot from 3 point land and Carmelo plays big. With that said, these are all big IF's
timbeebe2::And the heat always struggle with tyson chandler
AmazinGrapeOKC::I trust Indy more than NY tho
AmazinGrapeOKC::agree...i think the Pacers can do it
timetodienow1234567::Anybody could beat the Heat with the way they're playing now.
AmazinGrapeOKC::I agree on the road they havent been great  At home they're unstoppable
timbeebe2::They are still in first place tho, they always turn it up come playoff time. But paul george can be the difference in that series
timetodienow1234567::That's one game. This season they have not looked impressive.
AmazinGrapeOKC::huh???? did you see them demolish the clipps????
timetodienow1234567::Why did Kobe's mother name him after cow meat? She must have hated that kid.
timetodienow1234567::His parents named him after the famous beef of Kobe, Japan, which they saw on a restaurant menu
Mambaholic 33::Explanes why that dish never gets "passed" around
bballfballfan::why you contradicting yourself?
HOLLOW51386::his dad named him kobe. its a japanese name.idk why they did
bballfballfan::its named after a city in japan where they use to live and also its a great steak
bballfballfan::so stupid on so many levels
browzen63::kyrie &gt; lebron &gt; kobe
HOLLOW51386::what a idiot
browzen63::"an"
bballfballfan::and this is based off info in your head or from your imaginary friend?
bballfballfan::ok buddy...
browzen63::i'm from the future and this is what I have seen..........
timetodienow1234567::Top 10 all time 1) Jordan 2) Kareem 3) Magic 4) Hakeem 5) Russell 6) Duncan 7) Wilt 8) Shaq 9) Kobe 10) Bird  IMO
timbeebe2::Word on the streets is that the spurs are trying to get al jefferson
AmazinGrapeOKC::I Heard that  Lmao!!!
timbeebe2::Lol
rex_coach::<b>Hey jayraldratuita@gmail.com, I am waiting for an informed response from you....</b>
rex_coach::<b>Thanks for the response</b>
AmazinGrapeOKC::Remember when people said Dwight was the 2nd best player in the league????  Wow
rex_coach::<b>I don't think I've ever heard or seen anything that foolish....  Defensive player before his injury, yest.  PLAYER, the person that said or wrote that was or is foolish....</b>
rex_coach::<b>I would have flagged that shi.t</b>
AmazinGrapeOKC::Espn had him ranked 2 behind Lebron last year
bballfballfan::its clearly wade duh -sarcastic
timetodienow1234567::Best player of his generation = Jordan Best player of next generation = Duncan Best player of current generation = LBJ
bballfballfan::you so smart
vman606::let me guess... "fact"??   LOL
vman606::timetodienow1234567 - Did I use quotes? Did I say it was fact? No, it's just my opinion from watching all of these guys play.  admit it -- you thought about writing "fact" at the end.
timetodienow1234567::Did I use quotes? Did I say it was fact? No, it's just my opinion from watching all of these guys play.
rex_coach::<b>Naysayers are always keeping an EYE on the Lakers... hahahaha  I love it...</b>
oblique15::La fans only have 11 titles  5 belong to minnesota  Fact
AntW310::cool story bro... thats STILL 11 TITLES won here in LA....
timbeebe2::Lakers will never go on a 20 year drought like the celtics
rex_coach::<b>FACT!  p.s. I hate to say NEVER...</b>
AmazinGrapeOKC::Now im glad we traded Harden  We kept LA out the playoffs with that one
timetodienow1234567::Cost yourself a ring, though.
AmazinGrapeOKC::We'll see.....
vman606::playoffs dont come around for 30 plus games.
vman606::AmazinGrapeOKC - lmao thats not long at all  you act like the lakers are 10 games out or something. lol
AmazinGrapeOKC::31 games to be exact
AmazinGrapeOKC::lmao thats not long at all
browzen63::lakers suck, they barely beat the BOBCATS.............CAVS &gt; LAKERS
bballfballfan::you so smart
timetodienow1234567::Harden/Durant &gt; Westbrook/Durant
timbeebe2::Thunder should have kept Harden at pg and traded westbrook, just my opinion tho. Doesnt matter when you have a beast like durant who is unstoppable anyways.
AmazinGrapeOKC::-whoa- - he took a step back if anything ------------------------------------------ Harden took a step back because hes shooting 45% instead of 49%?????  SMH
-whoa-::yes i would say that is a step back...
AmazinGrapeOKC::smh.....numbers up across the board
timetodienow1234567::Then Kobe was a SCRUB earlier in his career?
timetodienow1234567::Harden 26.0ppg / 5.7apg / 4.7rbg / 0.5bpg / 1.9spg / 3.7TOpg / 45% fg / 35.1% 3pt / 85.5% FT / 38.2 mpg / 23.49PER Team Record = 28-24 Kobe  27.4ppg / 5.3apg / 5.3rbg / 0.3bpg / 1.4spg / 3.4TOpg / 46.3%fg / 33.1% 3pt / 84.5% FT / 38.5mpg / 22.88PER Team Record = 24-27
-whoa-::kobe is having a better year by those stats more points more rebounds while only .4 less in assists
SparkDillas::Seems like the 34 year old is doing alright compared to the 23 year old.
-whoa-::the team record half way through the season the lakers have been rolling lately, 7-2 i believe
timetodienow1234567::Yeah he is except his team's record.
timetodienow1234567::Seems to me like they're close, but Harden edges out Kobe by a hair.
Asonte22::Harden doesn't blame his teammates when he plays poorly.  That's the only stat needed.
bballfballfan::another copy and paster
bballfballfan::negative sir...
Asonte22::another Kobe fan who knows nothing about playing proper basketball.
MiraclesBoys33::I still think Michael Jordan can still play and score double digits   - Antwan Jamison
AmazinGrapeOKC::I think he could too
bballfballfan::oh you can copy and paste too what an accomplishment
-whoa-::its funny, harden has a few good games in a row, and people place him above kobe.  Kobe&gt;Wade&gt;Harden
MiraclesBoys33::LeBron said after the Heat played the Rockets "Harden is worth the max"
bballfballfan::and............
AmazinGrapeOKC::I think Harden is doing better.....given what he has
-whoa-::he took a step back if anything
AmazinGrapeOKC::so what??
-whoa-::harden was better than 45% when he was with OKC
John35075::hes not better than kobe but hes had a lot more than a few good games
AmazinGrapeOKC::I remember Laker fans being pleased about the Harden deal  Without Harden.....Houston isnt even the 8th seed. You could argue that the Lakers would have that spot
rex_coach::<b>Were you pleased about it?  Hypocrites always point fingers.  Be truthful for a change... lol</b>
AmazinGrapeOKC::ok.....well now Houston is the 8th seed
rex_coach::<b>Why didn't you at first since you seem to know the game?  You can't have 3 guys that stalls the ball on the court at the same time...  that was my contention all along...</b>
AmazinGrapeOKC::not at first.....dont mind it now tho....:)
timbeebe2::Harden is the man, he also has great commercials
ejlim::It's a pretty sad state of affairs for the Lakers if a win over the Bobcats makes ESPN's top headlines.
kawaikanuha@yahoo.com::With every win,or loss, the Lakers make headlines.
thamsterdam75::so do the jets ...just saying
vman606::it's the lakers. box office gold.
timbeebe2::Kobe does not play like a 34 year old that has been in the league for 17 seasons, hate all you want.
kawaikanuha@yahoo.com::That's what people keep throwing aside. He's 34 years old and still an Elite player. Every player they compare to Kobe is in his prime or in their 20's, other than Wade. They just keep waiting for Kobe's skills to diminish like every other player at his age for his position. Keep waiting guys!
rex_coach::<b>These clowns have been saying he's done for years...</b>
jayraldratuita@gmail.com::"We have to play the right way," Bryant said. "When we have shots available, we take them. If we don't, move the ball on. It can't be about individual touches. It can't be about that."  For a player who does not share the ball more and have questionable shot selection throughout his career to come out and say this, I think he needs to look in the mirror and start  changing his ways first.  I remember when he shot 10-32 &amp; 8-25 in back to back games with miami and toronto with 6 to/g.. Lakers can only go as far as the leader can take them and his actions are not speaking for his words.
jayraldratuita@gmail.com::Wow talk about your broad miind when the stats are VERY transparent enough to be self explanatory, and for the record, we are not talking about hof of another person, this is about kobe stating words contrary to his approach. Smart kid
rex_coach::<b>I jumped on your "BROAD" comment regarding NUMBERS don't lie.  Thanks for participating...  p.s. Thanks for participating</b>
jayraldratuita@gmail.com::Shootingg is represented with great overall awareness, its okay if you deny the validity of this statement, but the numbers never lie, check out where you stand in  the w l column
rex_coach::<b>Numbers don't always tell the ENTIRE truth either.  If so, please tell me why Mark Aquirre isn't in the HOF and Bobby Jones is?  I'll wait!!!  p.s. I don't agree with you, does that mean I'm in denial?  How narrow or shallow is your mind?  lol</b>
rex_coach::<b>Shooting is representative of playing hard and competing on defense...  GTFOHWTBS mr. driveway all american...</b>
vman606::and he had a great game vs. boston and they still lost. EVERYONE has to buy in.
MiraclesBoys33::LA would probly throw a parade if they made it to .500 lol
rex_coach::<b>This etertainment never get's old... lol</b>
timetodienow1234567::So... do the Lakers overtake Utah/Portland for the 8th seed? I doubt that they could pass Houston with how well Harden's playing.
Asonte22::4-1 Spurs 4-0 Thunder
timetodienow1234567::Would they get swept by the Spurs?
bballfballfan::lakers will amke 8th seed but wont go far though
AmazinGrapeOKC::Agree
bballfballfan::3 more wins
Asonte22::3 more wins until they lost to a team like Phoenix again.
vman606::until what..
bballfballfan::i never said its an accomplishment....doesnt matter if your a laker fan or not so you relax
vman606::bballfballfan - .500 pay attention  relax. .500 is not some great accomplishment or anything. and this is coming from a laker fan.
bballfballfan::.500 pay attention
Asonte22::Was Gerald Henderson's block on Meeks a block-steal or block-rebound?
rex_coach::<b>say wha?</b>
Asonte22::Not sure if it will be on youtube.  He had a "block of the year" nominee on Jodie Meeks.
timetodienow1234567::All NBA team PG = CP3 SG = Harden SF = LBJ PF = Duncan (unless they give it to Melo or KD) C = Lopez (shows how weak the C position is)
Asonte22::All NBA team  PG = CP3  SG = Harden  SF = LBJ  PF = Duncan (unless they give it to Melo or KD)  C = Lopez (shows how weak the C position is) C2 (Cancer on team that team must overcome every game) = Kobe
bballfballfan::dumb
-whoa-::LOL Melo?!?! if u exclude kobe u have to exclude melo, at least kobe plays D
-whoa-::kobe has more steals, blocks, and rebounds , but is slightly behind harden in assists 5.3 to 5.7, kobe is better overall
-whoa-::lol harden not that great this season 45% kobe is 46+% and kobe more points stop hating
timetodienow1234567::Kobe's played well just not as good as harden. Also Melo's tailed off, but they could overtake MIA for the top spot in the East.
Titans_ are_ Oilers::hibbert can't shoot
-whoa-::yeah but at least hibbert has some sort of toughness, lopez is way too soft
-whoa-::Kobe&gt; Harden  Hibbert&gt; Lopez
timetodienow1234567::Not this year.
Asonte22::Kobe has no idea when to take over and score or become the facilitator.  Jordan was masterful at this and LeBron is on his way.  Chris Paul is also on his way.
rex_coach::<b>Staggering...</b>
bballfballfan::you my friend are dumb
vman606::"no idea"? umm.... your opinion is probably in the minority on this one.
timetodienow1234567::Top SGs this season 1) Harden 2A) Kobe 2B) Wade
S_Pin::I guess the 'Cats didn't want to risk hurting their high draft pick chances.
rex_coach::<b>Drafted high doesn't guarantee greatness.  - Hasheen Thabeet</b>
timetodienow1234567::Lakers win = Kobe did a great job. Lakers lose = Kobe did a great job, but his teammates sucked.  Has Kobe ever played poorly? No.
oldsurfdawg::Is shooting the ball once in the first half .....shooting the ball too much like all the haters on here like to harp?  Haters don't obviously know Kobe.  If Kobe scored 30 points on perfect shooting had 11 rebounds and 10 assists.....haters would still find a way to hate.....because that's who they are.
Mambaholic 33::If pigs could fly
vman606::true story.
-whoa-::kobe has blamed himself for losses 3 or 4 times this season i watched the press conferences of him literally saying "this one is on me"
oldsurfdawg::Yep !
KyleMosh15::Does having 0 points, 2 rebounds, and 2 assists at half time count as not playing well?
rex_coach::<b>I sure hope you watched the game...</b>
oldsurfdawg::Disagree....I see it all the time.  the guys been in the league 17 years....and has had MANY bad games.....he's just had so many more good ones.
rex_coach::<b>Fact!</b>
Asonte22::Learn unbiased thinking.  It will be good for you and the rest of the Laker fans.
rex_coach::<b>are you unbiased?  lol</b>
oldsurfdawg::Typical hater.  Sure he has....and he'll be the first to say it.
Mambaholic 33::Seen enough - watch enough - read enough - heard enough, PLAYED enough! No one has every been a BIGER D$#$#% BAG than Kobrick as a team mate...LOL  What's next he doesn't shoot enough?
rex_coach::<b>@^^^^^  Read a little.  Maybe if you stayed out of the boxscore and actually SAW or HEARD KB24 state it, you wouldn't be looking like a fool.  Than again, haters could careless about how they are perceived... lol</b>
Mambaholic 33::Kobrick taking blame LMFAO ...What yr was that?
rex_coach::<b>Admitting Kobe saying that he played poorly would fly in the face of the agenda these miserable clowns have...</b>
timetodienow1234567::Nobody in the media will say it.
Asonte22::The Lakers will have the greatest chance at the playoffs if Kobe apologizes to Pau for all the times he blamed him for his own bad play/team play and begs him to vigorously rehab to come back in 6 weeks to fight for the final playoff spot with the Blazers.
timetodienow1234567::I know Jordan was hyped, but nowhere near as much as this clown. http://www.grantland.com/story/_/id/8719297/how-ko...
FREEWAYE::So Jordan and Kobe is hyped..Let me guess who not hyped to you..Lebron James..
vman606::timetodienow1234567 - No he's hyped as well, but Kobe is treated like the GOAT when he's like 8th or 9th best all time.  according to who -- YOU? you have your opinion, and you're entitled to it of course. but your opinion is NOT fact.
timetodienow1234567::No he's hyped as well, but Kobe is treated like the GOAT when he's like 8th or 9th best all time.
MinniWolves90::I remember reading that a while back, in disgust. I usually like Grantland writers but that piece was ridiculous.
MinniWolves90::No, it's pure ridiculous. The writer is just on Kobe's nuts.
Asonte22::No it wasn't.  The only thing ridiculous was that he left out the "Kobe assist" where Kobe tries to take on 2 defenders who force him out of bounds behind the backboard only to have Kobe throw as high as he can before he lands out of bounds to Pau or Bynum.  What a luxury that Jordan, LeBron, Durant hasn't had.
TheArtOfExplosions::WHY is this front page news? $@%! the Lakers, $@%! basketball, play hockey.
jcmaggi::This is front page news because they know you are driven by it.
KyleMosh15::Nobody will ever talk about it, but it's beyond frustrating to watch a Lakers game and the blatant favoritism by the officials. I'm sure I just sound like a complaining homer, and I'll be the first to admit that the Bobcats played pretty bad down the stretch, but the amount of ticky tack touch fouls called for the Lakers versus the amount of hard, obvious fouls not called for the Bobcats reminded me why I have such a problem with the NBA in the first place. The worst part is that none of the talking heads or anyone in the NBA cares enough to say anything as long as their big market teams are winning.
-whoa-::lol small market teams just complain cuz they suck
KyleMosh15::Maybe "small market teams" was a poor choice of words, but it doesn't change the fact that a team like the Bobcats gets jobbed against the premiere/playoff teams in the NBA. Here's a fun stat from when they played the Rockets: Bobcats 24 free throws as a team, James Harden 21 free throws by himself. Stats don't lie.
-whoa-::any team with dwight gets a lot of calls , check the magic (small market) top 5 in FTA all of dwights career.... and we WILL make the playoffs
KyleMosh15::Lakers are a big market team and suck. They'll be watching the playoffs at home with us small market teams this year, but it doesn't change the fact that they get calls.
Asonte22::Yup.  Sessions should've gotten a call in the last minutes of the game.
Mambaholic 33::Doesn't change the fact that Kobrick has been to the line 100 more times that Lebron who get's hammered ever time he drives to the hoop - to a jump shooter?
jcmaggi::Doesn't change the fact that he was fouled. The reason they didn't call it is because they had just allowed the same contact on the other side.
Mambaholic 33::Good thing Kobrick never complains...Must be trying to fly - waving his arms in the air every time there's a foul not called when he misses
jcmaggi::and what about Kobe? His last lay up should have been an and 1
rex_coach::<b>Favoritism?  WTF? How does D12 foul out of the game in Boston?  Did they choose not to favor him that game?  The fouls that don't get called in KB24's favor is ridiculous.  He got better treatment before he hit 20 grand worth of points...  Explain that one bullwinkle</b>
KyleMosh15::In games like that it's called more evenly. They give them make up calls when they play a team like the Bobcats or Timberwolves or other lottery team.
MinniWolves90::I'm a fan of a small-market team. I know exactly what you mean. Wolves can't buy a foul call in the last few minutes. But Kobe, Melo, Lebron, Durant, etc. get every ticky-tack foul call. I get it, it's always been like this. Stars get preferential treatment, and it's obvious, I just wish it was fair. A foul is a foul, no matter who it is.
MinniWolves90::I'm talking about in general. And I'm not going to complain but since you brought the game up, Melo had a few questionable calls. But like I said before, it's the nature of the game. It's been like this for a while, and we still choose to watch, so can't complain too much.
FREEWAYE::Rubio choked..Minnesota had a chance to win,but turned the ball over.
-whoa-::i watched the whole game and didnt see this
KyleMosh15::I was at the game and it was clear that they were calling all kinds of touch fouls on Kobe and Dwight, yet when Dwight came down across Mullens arms obviously in the last couple minutes it wasn't called. That was just one of the obvious no calls.
-whoa-::lakers 25 FTs  bobcats 19FTs  6 free throws more because they fouled dwight whenever he touched the ball down low
Asonte22::NEW RULE:  When a player posts 0 steals for the game, goes scoreless in the 1st half, and goes 6/15 from the field... THEY ARE PROHIBITED FROM BLAMING THEIR TEAM FOR LACK OF EFFORT.  Anybody see that awful, lazy pass by Kobe that got picked off by Avery Bradley the other day?  Kobe wanted to blame that on Steve Blake sooooo bad.  Kobe is one of the greatest scorers to ever play the game.  Unfortunately, he is the worst teammate to ever play the game.
-whoa-::20 points in 2nd half 14 in the 4th quarter== clutch
Mambaholic 33::Not Kobrick...Blame someone??
VeyronV16::How do you know? Do you know him personally?
Asonte22::No.  Unlike you, I have a decent brain and can figure it out by watching the games and checking stats.
Hmmrhed::It took the league's intervention to slow down the lakers. Otherwise there were more chips coming.
MinniWolves90::That's VERY subjective.  What's your excuse for this year?
MinniWolves90::You're avoiding my question. I meant its VERY subjective that Lakers would have more championships.  Now, what's your excuse for this year?
Hmmrhed::I'm pretty sure cp3 would still be on the lakers this year - so what your point?
scottpilgrim30::Lakers still suck. They needed a comeback miracle to beat the almighty Bobcats. I dare them to try that tomorrow vs the Heat
Chris31708::If the Clippers couldn't do it, I wouldn't bet on the Lakers doing it either.
