Gentry3455::Walton i mean
Gentry3455::Lmfao Johnson was funny last night
DBlock044::GO HAWKS. Cleveland sucks so all you cavs fans go crawl under a rock and stay there.
scottsvb1::we know your a little kid,. We know Cleveland peeps KNOW their team sucks...question is, why did Hawks only win by 8.
Glad88iator::saw Luke Walton on the sportcenter highlights.....wow he is still playing?  Cleveland must still be desperate
ATLANTA BRAVES TOMAHAWK CHOP::Go Hawks!
ATownBrown08::Another day, another Hawks win... good night in the ATL.
sugarglyder::Atlanta's still stuck on the treadmill of mediocrity.  Too many wins to net a top draft pick, yet too mediocre to challenge for a title.
ctown8686::Hawks are always in the playoffs, and they always get knocked out , that must suck
4SportsFanESPN::Most teams always get knocked out, Only one can win the championship
Hank10593::Kyrie's impact on his team is nowhere comparable to Lebron's. Lebron in Cleveland, best record in the league. Kyrie in Cleveland, one of worst records in the league. Cav fans are denying the fact that there is no one that can fill Lebron's shoes in Cleveland just to make themselves feel better. It's pathetic. It's pretty safe to say that Kyrie will never reach Lebron's level of dominance. Keep calling Kyrie a super star or whatever, the matter of the fact is that he has minimal impact to his team in terms of winning at this stage of his career.
sugarglyder::Hank's just mad that the Rockets signed Linsanity, but ended up with Jeremy Lin.
ctown8686::yeah, I love kyrie, he's a beast, but him an Lebron is unstoppable!
orange_63::yeah, what he said!
orange_63::yeah, what he said!
ctown8686::Gilbert s ucks, but you aint doing this for him, you're doing it for Cleveland and OHIO!
Thunderjn94::horford is a beast
ctown8686::Big Z come back for another year so you can win a ring with Lebron and Kyrie!
BABY IGGY..DERRICK ROSE BEST PG. JOAKIM NOAH BEST CENTER::.
Ajax3million::Let's take a moment to understand Basketball. On every (good) team there is a pecking order: A primary player who takes most of the shots, a secondary player who take shots and assist the Primary player, and then there's role players. If you get a bunch of  "good" players, who don't know their role, you get the hawks: a good team that gets bounced in the second round. If you get a bunch of  "good" players who know there role, you get the Spurs, a team that is always close and can steal a few rings. Now the Heat teams are rare, but only if they can all get on the same page does that ever work ( 2000 Lakers w/ Shaq and Kobe).
orange_63::nice touch with the hawks, i think in the NFL you can put the Falcons in that same category.......
ctown8686::Lets rejoice Cleveland Fans, Colt McCoy the Noodle Arm is Gone!
YogaBeer::More than anything, all those "browns" fans from Texas will now be whinning on the 9ers threads about how Colt McFrye isn't getting enough chances.
orange_63::and "tweets" from mccoys brother!
orange_63::lol........it's about time!
YogaBeer::I'll drink to that.
orange_63::lebron would love to play with kyrie, i don't see why all the hate for lebron, it's not like he killed your mom or anything......plus it would make a nice storyline for a gilbert lebron reunion.............and lebron could repair his Cleveland legacy while increasing the cavs value, can you imagine a championship after his first year back? i can
ctown8686::I agree bra
YogaBeer::I'm the kind of person that doesn't get angry.   I get even.   Therefore, I want the Cavaliers do develop a good team and beat the Heat not have them join the Cavaliers.
YogaBeer::better story line.    Cleveland has a great draft in 2013.   LeBron breaks his legs in the PO and is never the same again.   Cleveland win's 12 championships in a row.
Ajax3million::I'd take Cavs have a good draft, upsets the Heat in ECF.
orange_63::as long as we start winning...........and soon i hope
Ajax3million::Nope. No chemistry.
YogaBeer::Unless something strange happens this summer, I don't see "that" kind of player being available.
Ajax3million::It would be a waste of draft picks to go out and get primary player. I'll explain above.
YogaBeer::that's a point not many people understand.  The Cavaliers is Kyrie's team.   Period.    LeBon James would have to listen and do what Kyrie says.
ctown8686::Listening to Eminem - Puke
.Booty Loaf::listen to Fack by Eminem. masterpiece
orange_63::i like that macklemore dude......
YogaBeer::I'm not into country music.
ncjcrsu::Well it's been good talking some b-ball Cavs fans.  I think I've been relatively insightful (as far as an ESPN message board goes lol) and a bit of an advocate in what I had to say.   Just know that all Heat fans aren't trolls.  Most of the obnoxious people actually aren't Heat fans, but just NBA trolls trying to give Heat fans a bad name.
YogaBeer::Enjoyed the discussion.    truly, best of wishes to you and your team.
ncjcrsu::Thanks.  I look forward to seeing the development of Irving, Waiters, Thompson (this guy can be big; hes already near 10-10 in his second season), and whoever you guys draft.  Hopefully Nerlens Noel (I see Zeller as a Backup C).   Admittedly, if you were wondering why I'd watched a lot of Cavs playoff and regular season games, it's because I've been a LeBron fan ever since his rookie year (I know yall look down on that).  However, I still wish Cleveland the best.  Hopefully you guys will be in the playoff next year and injury free.  I'm out.
YogaBeer::speaking of the Spurs, I'd much rather have Mike Brown back than what's his name only b/c he might be able to teach some Defense.
Ajax3million::Never should have let him go. We'd still be at least a 8 seed one of those years.
Wichita State Fan since watching Sportscenter Last night::Falcons upper half in attendance....Braves middle of the pack....Hawks almost dead last....because The Hawks havent had stars in a long time and Atlanta fans not gonna go out without stars sorry. At least the Falcons and Braves have big names
YogaBeer::That's true.   However, the Cavaliers fill the stand with fans... and it's the Cavaliers!  The Browns sell out, I love the team, but why do people sell it out every year is beyond me.  The tribe use to until the Dolans played cheap.   Now that they've spent some money this season, you'll see the attendance start to come back.
.Booty Loaf::ya the Indians low attendance was purely boycotting the dolans
.Booty Loaf::can everybody just $@%! about LeBron! god damn it's annoying. in june after we win or lose the finals next year we can start talking about it
.Booty Loaf::st.fu is bleeped out but not god damn?
Ajax3million::Cleveland fans keep thinking that someone is going to come in on a white horse and save us. If he couldn't  do it the first time, after we gave him everything he wanted, he not going to come back and do it. We can only save ourselves by losing this loser mentality that the media has put on us and going back to our "hard nose, hard working" roots. And if you aren't on board with that, take your talents elsewhere.
ctown8686::LeBron coming back is a realistic scenario, I get what you mean, but at what point does losing year after year get old?
Ajax3million::We're a good young team. Once we get healthy, we'll be more competitive. Their biggest problem this year was health.
YogaBeer::In order to get good or relevant, small markets have to "suck" to get the type of picks where the good players are.    Man I went through 40 years of suck with the tribe just to enjoy the 90s.   You can go through 3 with the Cavs.
ctown8686::What fits with the "long term plan" then, suckin year after year?
Ajax3million::Him coming back doesn't fit with a long term plan.
YogaBeer::What realistic scenario would that be?    LeBron's not coming back unless it's on same game people play on X Box.    He wanted out.    He's out.   And he's staying out.  If, and he's not, but in a sci fi sort of way, if he came back, he'd have to have more armed guards at every practice and game then an acting president would have.   He'd be booed more than Benedict Arnold.
.Booty Loaf::i'm pretty sure we are all on board with that. expect the 12 year old trolls
YogaBeer::I want a team first and foremost.    That One Good player mentality works until that One Good player gets hurt.
YogaBeer::would agree with every ounce of my being.
Ajax3million::I'd take a Spurs team over the Heat any day. And I mean the Spurs that has been relevant for the last 20 years, over this Heat team that went out and bought a ring or two.
ctown8686::Keep Varejao too, sign him to an extension!
orange_63::I say he should have been gone awhile ago, he was the past, time to move on.....
YogaBeer::IMHO, I would be very helpful next year to get us into the PO... if Healthy.    However, with his injuries piled up the last 3 seasons, it may be more prudent to trade if they can.
ctown8686::Cavs gonna win the championship once the KING has returned
Jumeax::For the Last time NO! Elvis refuses to return any of Dan Gilberts Calls
YogaBeer::By the time the "king" has returned, he'll be old and used.   He might make a good parking lot attendant.
orange_63::maybe in 20 years.......then he can coach the cavs
.Booty Loaf::what any nba player would be doing any way if they weren't so lucky
orange_63::yes, but some fans can't get over the feeling of being jilted at the alter.....lol, i say bring him back the sooner the better!
ncjcrsu::Stop saying that.  If he continues to succeed in Miami, he will stay there.  The team has great chemistry and is clicking on all cylinders.  Not to mention the Heat is a Grade A organization and will surround him with adequate talent.
ncjcrsu::Second best of all-time is still great, too......
YogaBeer::Great was the Laker's streak b/c that's the record.
ncjcrsu::Maybe I used "great" prematurely, but if the Heat can win back-to-back titles this year, which would mean 3 straight Finals appearances since the Big 3, I'd consider that pretty damn good.   And yeah I know.  Weren't the Cavs 37-1 or 38-1 at home in 2010?
.Booty Loaf::cavs were getting number 1 overall seeds too. we would have had the best home record ever in 2010 but the last game of the season we lost in double over time to the sixers while benching LeBron, mo Williams, big Z, and andy varejao. so it's pretty safe to say we would have won it if we weren't resting every body. which would have given us a 67 win season, and the best home record in nba history
YogaBeer::Winning the Championship is good.   A winning streak is fun.   But I don't see where the "GREAT" part is.    I remember just a few short years ago, Houston fans were saying the same thing after their similar streak.   Then their star player got hurt and they haven't returned to that "greatness" since.
ncjcrsu::I know the Cavs had a 66 win season with LBJ at the helm, but you still have to be somewhat impressed with the Heat's performance in 2012.    And in terms of "great," the Championship last year and the 27 game winning streak (second longest in NBA history) and season so far. Number 1 overall seed it looks like.
.Booty Loaf::we don't hold any kind of hatred bro. and the cavs managed to have better regular season records than the heat have put together with LeBron so im not impressed what-so-ever
YogaBeer::what is so "great"?
ncjcrsu::I'm not basing my "grade" on tradition, but you cannot deny that what they have done with the Big 3, and with acquiring other talent (Shane Battier, Ray Allen, etc.) has been rather impressive these last couple of years.  I know y'all hold a special hatred for LBJ, but you cannot deny that what the Heat are doing is pretty great.
HunterF4444::The heat aren't a "grade a"  organization. They just happened to be lucky enough to be the spot bosh lbj and wade thought would be best. Don't fool yourself into thinking the heat are a great franchise
Ajax3million::You haven't learned from the first time .
orange_63::people who don't want lebron to come back to cleveland is like saying no to wilt chamberlain.......sorry wilt we don't need you,,,,lol
Ajax3million::I don't WANT Lebron back. If he WANTS to come back, he can. I but to claim I WANT somebody, like I need him, never. We haven't learned our lesson...
YogaBeer::World B Free was good as well, but you don't see me clamoring for him to come back.  Also, if my wife cheated on me I wouldn't take her back just b/c she gave good BJs to the mail man.
.Booty Loaf::BINGO
.Booty Loaf::it's more an emotional thing. and I would lose a lot of respect for dan if he lets LeBron back after all that happened
YogaBeer::on hard fouls,  "These hard fouls aren't basketball."  -  LeBron James
orange_63::YogaBeer - Orange... LeBron dissed Cleveland.     I know all that but I believe it was just a sign of immaturity, he has grown and matured since then and now knows whats important......
.Booty Loaf::YogaBeer - The letter was to serve Cleveland fans. Not LeBron James. Dan Gilbert knew his promise to win one before JAmes was off and he admitted so. The letter was written to Cleveland fans and I loved it. It's why fans still come out to the Q unlike many Play Off teams that struggle to put fans in their seats.  exactly. thank you
YogaBeer::The letter was to serve Cleveland fans.   Not LeBron James.   Dan Gilbert knew his promise to win one before JAmes was off and he admitted so.    The letter was written to Cleveland fans and I loved it.   It's why fans still come out to the Q unlike many Play Off teams that struggle to put fans in their seats.
.Booty Loaf::that letter was awesome. I was practically in tears when it all sunk in that our hero was gone, but to go online and read that was very comforting. it made me feel a lot better.
YogaBeer::Orange... LeBron dissed Cleveland.   Over and Over again in every way possible.   We wore Yankee hats at the Tribe vs. Yankees PO game.    He walked on the sidelines with the Cowboys during Browns games.   He made fun of Cleveland with his many tweets.   He lied to Cleveland when he said he wouldn't go anywhere before we won a championship.  I'd rather beat a guy like that than to sink to his level.
ncjcrsu::I don't think LeBron will return to Cleveland for that reason, but mainly because of Dan Gilbert.  Remember that letter?
orange_63::let go of the bitterness, it will set you free!
ncjcrsu::LBJs greatest Cavaliers game ever:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1Px-jPm_TU
.Booty Loaf::top 5 playoff performances all time. as a bias cavs fan I think it's the best ever
YogaBeer::The next game was even more impressive IMHO.   That's when Bo.obie Gibson WON The final game that propelled the Cavaliers into their first NBA finals with his performance.
ncjcrsu::It has a right to be argued as the greatest playoff performance ever (though obviously basketball is subjective in arguing).  He pretty much carried the team to a win.  A game which they probably should have lost
ctown8686::Scott Skiles FTW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YogaBeer::too much like B Scott.   Players complain about the rough training session before the years starts.
.Booty Loaf::HHAAHHAHAHAHAAAAA
ctown8686::Byron Scott sucks, once he serves his purpose as the tanking coach and we get a real coach we'll be alright
YogaBeer::Don't get me wrong, I think he's a good coach and probably the best one for the team after what's his name left.    However, we need a coach that can teach and implement a working D.
orange_63::come home lebron, come home.........
YogaBeer::No  No  NO!
orange_63::.Booty Loaf - im kinda wrming my heart up to the idea. this video makes me miss him  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8t461NyyIHI  Awesome video.........makes me sad though.......
.Booty Loaf::im kinda wrming my heart up to the idea. this video makes me miss him  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8t461NyyIHI
ctown8686::I like your thinking orange
orange_63::yes  Yes  YES!!!!
ncjcrsu::If the Cavs get the 8th seed next year, which I hope they do, I would love to see Heat-Cavs.  Would definitely have the most energy of any playoff series in the first round.
seanie719::That Game 3 @ Cleveland would probably be crazy ratings.
.Booty Loaf::cavs vs. the little sisters of the poor would have the most energy of any playoff series... the playoff atmosphere at the Q is unmatched.
ncjcrsu::I know. I've watched a lot of Cavs playoff games.   LBJ game winner against ORL was an awesome scene
ctown8686::Casspi is good too, Scott also ruined his confidence by benching him
.Booty Loaf::regardless of what anyone says b scott is not on the hot seat. he is the perfect fir for this team and what we are trying to do. if we don't make the playoffs next year then i'd say ok this guy has to go but im 99% confident that barring any major injuries we will be in the playoffs possibly home court advantage next season. we are too talented not to be
YogaBeer::There are several articles about Scott being on the hot seat.  1.   Players are grumbling 2.   Lack of Defense 3.   Time outs during crunch time, he doesn't have a play, but rather tells them to give the ball to Kyrie and work the best play depending on the D you see. 4.   Doesn't call TO when he should. 5.   Bad rotations.  P.S.    All of this may be due to taking on purpose and would be the ONLY reason to keep Scott.   I have been for Scott all 3 years, but I can't deny all the "talk" and articles I've read.
YogaBeer::I'd rather have a play, plan B would be give it back to Kyrie.
.Booty Loaf::iso-ing kyrie in crunch time is always the best option. that's what you do when you have a player like him
ctown8686::Gibson is a beast, Scott just messed with his head by benching him
YogaBeer::Bo.obie has looked lost this year.
YogaBeer::b.oobie gibson getting tossed from this game was hilarious.
YogaBeer::Come to think of it, the Cavalier's D has been awful period and is why B Scott is on the hot seat.
YogaBeer::Hope you're correct, but you can't deny the reports that are coming out now.   However, it's one thing to talk defense to reporters all day long, it's another thing to put in a working D.
TheBrownestBob::I wouldn't say Byron Scott is on the hot seat, all he does is preach defense.  Quite frankly, just look at who the team has drafted for him to be the corner-stones; all offensive-minded players with Tristan being deemed a "project" coming out.  Listen to the players, all Scott talks about is defense.  It's up to the players to do film studies and learn how to dominate their matchups and then play good team defense.  I'm not sure they study their matchups at all.
.Booty Loaf::b00by Gibson trying to play basketball is hilarious
YogaBeer::He was once very good as the typical spot up trey.    His injuries have weakened him tremendously.    Also, lb. for lb. was a good defender... but not this year.   His D was too slow.
ncjcrsu::I actually like the outlook for the Cavs.  They have found a perennial All-Star in Irving (though he needs to become more durable when it comes to injuries), a double-double a night guy in Tristan Thompson, a possibly good SG in Waiters (who would you compare him to now?), and a possible good first-rounder in this draft.  Maybe losing LeBron was a good thing for Cleveland.  Now maybe management has gotten their head out of the clouds and focusing on surrounding Kyrie with great talent.  They seem to be doing a good job so far.
YogaBeer::different management.   They were all tossed 3 years ago.
TheBrownestBob::None other than the "worst owner in pro sports" (sarcasm), Dan Gilbert.
ncjcrsu::Great move by whoever tossed them then.
TheBrownestBob::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwLXxHlhMwk  Marcus Smart.
JohnsonnnL::He seems kind of built like R. Westbrook.
BuckeyeForever2002::I'm out guys. Gotta go get some gas. Go Tribe. Now that the Buckeyes are done, and the Cavaliers will be done in 2 weeks, the Tribe is all we got for a few months. O, the draft. I forgot. The brightest part of the year for Browns fans. Have a good night.
YogaBeer::I've got lots of gas tonight for some reason.   I'd upload some for you if you can down load it.
.Booty Loaf::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8gjTFJaW3U&amp;list=LLBcmMXqvwZyALgdTEppjduQ  this by far the best kyrie mix on youtube
TheBrownestBob::Hunter, Marcus Smart is a PG, but there's no question he would be the best defensive guard on the team, and possibly in the NBA.  He was a freak in college, blocking shots at the rim and creating plenty of his own fast-break opportunities.  His scoring will come with time and he's actually used to playing as a 2 guard.  I think having Smart, Irving, and Waiters gives the Cavs the advantage over a lot of teams in terms of the guard's impact on the game.
YogaBeer::I wouldn't disagree with this.   If Irving can't stay on the floor, he would end up being the starter.
YogaBeer::waiters, IMHO, will be an All Star SG in a few years.
TheBrownestBob::I think if anything, it gives the Cavs one of the best guard rotations in the NBA.
TheBrownestBob::Or you could start both and move Dion to the bench.
ctown8686::Kyrie + LeBron = Championship!
seanie719::Kinda of tired of it too but if LeBron were to ever leave the Heat then I wouldn't want him to go anywhere other than back to the Cavs. I'd be pissed but I would understand. I'm not a Cavs so I am sure there are hard feelings towards him but whatever. Its too early any way.
YogaBeer::I just wish this "LeBron is coming back" would just stop.
.Booty Loaf::for real
ncjcrsu::I doubt he's coming back.
ctown8686::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7ZoqsFsrFc
ncjcrsu::Barring any injuries, the Cavs seem to have a bright future in about a couple years, especially if they get a good pick in this draft.
.Booty Loaf::I think playoffs net year for them if kyrie can play 70+ games and andy stays healthy. that's a HUGE if though
ncjcrsu::Hmm maybe the 8th seed.  If they get it, I imagine it'd be a close race with another team for it.
YogaBeer::After seeing what Waiters did the month before he got injured, he may end up being better than Irving when it's all said and done.    just an old's opinion.
HunterF4444::Nah, but I like your optimism.
.Booty Loaf::that's a joke, correct?
YogaBeer::oh I agree he's a much better shooter.    It would be an April Fools joke to say anything different.   However, overall, Waiters has the potential to be a better player.  Ultimately it'll depend on whom can stay on the floor longer.
HunterF4444::Kyrie is a much better shooter.
YogaBeer::no joke.    He can shoot it, drive it and more than Irving he's been playing some D in the 2nd half this season.
ctown8686::GG Hawks fans man, You all make the playoffs every year and get knocked out, but goood luck this year!
YogaBeer::I think a large part is due to Smith.   They've certainly had the talent and the coaching.   But that cat is pure cancer.
ctown8686::hah ;)
.Booty Loaf::they don't deserve it. in the playoffs year in and year out and stil cant fill half the arena smh
HunterF4444::There are none
seanie719::Regardless of the record at least the Cavs have a great future in Irving. Only a few teams have a top PG. The guy is a beast already.
YogaBeer::With Irving, Waiters, ...., Tristan and Zeller;  that's a nice solid core.
seanie719::A SF that could hit the 3 and play some D would fit well with the Cavs. Like a Nicolas Batum makeup.
YogaBeer::He's already shown improvement over the last few weeks.    With Big Z helping him out, I don't see any reason he won't be the starter at the start of next season.    Bigs take longer to develop in the NBA.     Like Thompson, whom we all thought was a bust this time last year, Zeller will come around and be a good rotational C.   NOT saying he'll have the same impact as the other 3, but it's a win if he contributes as a rotational player.
BuckeyeForever2002::Zeller needs to find every steak buffet he can this summer, and pig out. Then, go hit the gym. He needs to be 15 lbs. heavier next season easy.
seanie719::Yeah it is.
ctown8686::He's a machine
HunterF4444::Hawks have a good team and yet they still have nobody here...Atlanta has always been a pretty lame sports town when it comes to the Hawks
.Booty Loaf::they are pathetic. EMPTY tonight.
HunterF4444::yep...13k tonight. Embarrassing for a top 5 seed in the EAst
ncjcrsu::Hawks need to keep winning.
ctown8686::Lebron gonna come back and we gonna win a championship
ctown8686::Cavs go Hard
TheBrownestBob::Nerlens Noel &gt; Marcus Smart &gt; Otto Porter Jr. &gt; Victor Oladipo &gt; Anthony Bennett  If the Cavs miss out on the 4 best defensive players in the lottery, I'd gladly take Bennett if available.  It looks like the Lakers will miss the playoffs, so the Cavs will be picking late in the first or packaging picks to move up.
YogaBeer::I've thought all season CAvs should package those two high 2nd round picks and that's probably the smartest idea considering all the young bodies on this team, HOWEVER, there are some pretty good players that could end up not only making the team, but being a rotational player as well.
HunterF4444::Noel or Otto would be nice additions. Smart is a Pg and Oladipo is more of a two guard, but I wouldn't mind getting Victor
YogaBeer::Out of all the players this season, I'd choose Porter.    Only b/c I think he'd be a good match with the Cavaliers.
HunterF4444::The Lakers are tied for 8th seed. What?
YogaBeer::Agree Buckeyefever.     Kobe isn't going to want to go through another rebuild unless he gets caught cheating again.   He'll have to buy his wife another hope diamond and thus have to stay in the league another few years.
BuckeyeForever2002::Not saying he should retire because he doesn't have it anymore. He clearly does. But, the Lakers are a shambles of a franchise, and they are at the verge of a complete re-build because they are so old everywhere.
ncjcrsu::Other than the Hornets and Trail Blazers, every team the Lakers play after Dallas will be a playoff team.  There is a good chance the Lakers don't make the playoffs :)
HunterF4444::I don't like Kobe that much but he still puts up 29 a game. He's not retiring in the next two years.
BuckeyeForever2002::Look at their's and Utah's schedules. The Lakers are done. They had it, and choked it away. Kobe should retire.
BuckeyeForever2002::Just win one more game before the season ends. Wanna make the tank look legit... Oh, by the way, another illustration of Cleveland luck. The Lakers are going to choke themselves out of the playoffs, and the Cavaliers are gonna get stuck with Miami's 1st rounder at the very end of the round. Guarantee that if it was ANY other team, the Lakers would make the playoffs as a #7 or #8, and that team would get that pick in the mid-teens.
JohnsonnnL::You would think a team full of current and former All Stars would at least make the playoffs.
BuckeyeForever2002::I would have thought at the beginning of the season that Kobe Bryant, Dwight Howard, and Larry, Curly and Mo could win 45-50 games and make the playoffs.
HunterF4444::Cavs luck
YogaBeer::We've got to send good vibes out to LA way.    Get the Joo Joo working.
