juanarnaldo::It is nice the Clippers are having this winning streak and everybody is talking about them, their fans are happy.  Are they going to make the playoffs? No doubt.  Are they going to win a championship? Nope.  Clippers fans: at least now you can remove your paper bags from your heads so you can see the 16 championship hanging at Staples Center better. Wait, those are from the Lakers!  Hate the Lakers all you want, even laugh at their record right now, enjoy Blake "flop/overrated" Griffin dunks.  That's the only thing you can do when you're a Clipper.
Keith Closs::u started out a decent guy there but then showed u are a complete jack@xx with the rest of that garbage
Bringing.The.Facts::Never had a problem with the Clippers or their fans. Good luck to you guys.
Go Google it::The reason the clips are doing so well they have mostly ex lakers on their squad.  Butler Odom Barnes Turiaf Paul even if he was a laker for a day And they made staples home
tuala46::Barnes and Odom were Clippers first...and so was Steve Blake
socialsatyr11::Did you guys know that the Lakers have 16 championships and for some reason, that's supposed to protect them from ever being garbage - like for instance - RIGHT NOW?
glory be to ALLAH::u remember when chris paul punched julius hodge in the nuts cuz he was ballin him up?
TwiztidKennyD::Seventeen games in a row is pretty amazing, regardless of WHO they've beaten!  What's that other L.A team doing, .500? LOL just as easy as a schedule.
Go Google it::actually won 6 out of last 7
gbthebruin12::during their win streak, the clippers have not played a top ten team in the standings. the best they have played was the bucks who were 11th in the standings at the time they played.
BRAY5150::actually I'd have to say beating the bulls on the road is a better win than beating the bucks on the road. And yes it was during the win streak
BarrelRider04::You are a M-O-R-O-N. Before you open up your ignorant mouth, know your facts. THE CLIPPER HAVE THE MOST WINS AGAINST THE TOP 8 TEAMS IN THE LEAGUE SO FAR THIS YEAR. You flipping donkey!
tbs-1982::Well technically he said "DURING THEIR WIN STREAK". So technically he is right. Learn how to read idiot before you criticize others.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::The Clippers have a GREAT team but won't win a championship.   Vinny isn't capable of getting the job done.
BarrelRider04::I'd have to agree with you that it will come down to how Vinnie coaches his team in the playoffs. Hopefully Paul and Chauncey just take over and relegate Vinny to being a puppet.
Kitastrophy::As a Thunder fan, definetly worried about this clipper team!
Dan Alex67::Leonard (starter) &amp; Jackson have been injured this year...Not sure if they were hurt when they played Clippers? SPURS HAVE NOT "FIZZLED" AT THE END SINCE THEY HAVE 4 TITLES. SHOULD HAVE 5 OR 6 TITLES BUT .04 NONSENSE &amp; SERGE MAKING TEN SHOTS IN A ROW LAST YR (WON'T REPEAT &amp; NO HARDEN IN PLAYOFFS)?? SPURS ARE NOT "AGING" WITH PARKER, LEONARD, GREEN, NEAL, SPLITTER...SEEMS LIKE SPURS HATERS ARE REACHING AND NOT PAYING ATTENTION TO 'PROVEN" TEAM WITH GREAT COACH... NOT TO MENTION 3 STARS WHO ONLY HAVE TOP PLAY WHEN IT COUNTS!
ArtieSullivan::Yes the schedule has been easy ... but what else do they have to prove? They haven't just won, they destroy at an average of 15 pts with every win. There starters don't even play in the 4th which will pay huge dividends in June when all the other favorites become riddled with exhaustion and injuries. And let us not forget they opened the season on a 6 game win streak beating the Spurs (twice) Grizzlies, Lakers (before deemed a disaster) Bulls, Portland (in Portland), Atlanta ... You can try to hate on their streak, but no matter how you try to spin it - the truth is they're scary good and have become favorites themselves.
Seskatchewan::Your right. GS is making a name for themselves. Only one gripe about your list, OKC is not on that winning list, only team that matters for them
Seskatchewan::that being said, look at their losses. Cleveland, Atlanta, Golden State, Charlotte......
ArtieSullivan::Golden State and Atlanta are good teams - the other two were bad
Seskatchewan::This is not last years one dimensional Clipper team! They are out in full force
oblique15::I like the Clippers but when you look at the teams they beat Im not impressed including my Celtics cause we are garbage this year!
ArtieSullivan::I agree - but with so many Lakers homers on here  you kinda have too
ArtieSullivan::be impressed when the rolled the best teams starting 8-2 this year  Spurs twice Heat Lakers Grizz ...
Ustna9::in all fairness....the Lakers have no reason to be on that list.
Seskatchewan::You guys DO know this was the easy part of their schedule, dont you???
JoeClipplet::Definite Donkey
BarrelRider04::You are a donkey!
bucksnreds::is there any quality in the wins? What is the record of the teams they beat?
BarrelRider04::You are a donkey!
Ustna9::worse after playing the Clips....
glory be to ALLAH::chris pauls wife looks more like a man than he does...
Ustna9::Even if that were true...how does that affect you? Are you jealous?
geno_eugenio::The  Clips are finally here and as a LAker fans , I'm kinda happy for them . Keep it up and Hope our team meet in the playoffs
jeffcox::Seventeen games in a row is pretty amazing, regardless of WHO they've beaten!  That said, 11 of those games were against teams with a combined winning percentage of .345 ... seven of the games came against only 3 opponents (Phoenix, Sacramento, and Utah).  The other six games were against teams with a .531 winning percentage.  Their next 4 games should tell whether or not the Clips were just benefiting from playing a bunch of weak teams in a row or are actually worthy of their record - they'll be playing teams without a losing record in the Warriors (twice), Nuggets (who they beat a couple of weeks ago) and the Lakers, who are finally back to .500 ball and will probably be ticked that the Clips have relegated them to the "second-best team in LA" status.  The Warriors (I'm a fan), are 13-4 in the same 17 game stretch, by the way.  Am really looking forward to those upcoming games as a test to see whether they're going to come back to earth a bit or not.
Ustna9::are you figuring their perctages BEFORE they played the Clippers?
TarheelClone::Clippers deepest bench in NBA? They sure play a lot of guys that contribute.
dplunk18::Die hard Laker fan here..Congrats to our lil bros the Clippers on their continued win streak. just remember the NBA awards champions in June usually.
geno_eugenio::We use to call dem Clips baby sister lol , how fast they grown hehehe
PGPlemmons1966::Do the Clippers still have the owner who couldn't care less about putting a fan-worthy product on the court, just as long as he was making his money?  For the ClipperNation's sake, I hope not.  When it comes time for him to step up financially and keep these guys together, will he do it, or, will the Clippers become the Miami Marlins of the West?
BRAY5150::He's done nothing but spend money the last 7-8 years going back to brand and maggette
Tim Duncan Still Has It::Little bro's? You guys are in 10th place.
Tim Duncan Still Has It::Trust me they'd be over reacting by quite a bit.
Megatron818::I do, and the Clipper players do. Btw, if the Lakers were on this streak, you'd be acting the same damn way, so please!
Tim Duncan Still Has It::Even funnier, because 36 year old Duncan is having a arguably better season than Dwight in 5.5 less minutes a game.
dplunk18::You do realize the season isnt even half over yet
Megatron818::Yes please hit us with the "16 championships, Kobe 5 rings" comeback, please?
Tim Duncan Still Has It::Why not? Does this fact hurt your pathetic Laker-head mind?
dplunk18::You dont really want to go there
BarrelRider04::The amount of Laker fan posts of pure baffoonery is staggering. You Laker fans are the most insecure, nuerotic, little vagynas I've ever seen. Stop embarrassing yourselves and stop commenting on the Clippers conversations. We don't want to hear your crying like little toddlers. I especially don't want to hear your crying after we wipe your azzes on Friday.
Ustna9::well said...
09Skeet::5 Greatest ALL time Clippers
Bionic Packers Fan::the clippers have gone over 1/5th of the entire season without a loss, that is amazing. they'll clinch a playoff berth by february at this rate.
Johan56063::yeah buddy
09Skeet::I can wait to see Blake dunk on Pau this Friday
Johan56063::yeah lol
BRAY5150::anyway laker fans want to try and twist it Pau got dunked on twice. No foul was called
09Skeet::Yes Pau headbutted Blake's nutsack when he leaped over him
Kobe_iz_the_best::No the first was a loose ball foul, the second for sure was a foul because griffin clearly elbowed pau's head.
Kobe_iz_the_best::Those dunks were obviously fouls.
ArtieSullivan::Actually they were sodomy
Bionic Packers Fan::Why should the Clippers lose? It's not unreasonable to say they will finish the season 76-6. As a matter of fact they probably will.
BRAY5150::clippers are the home team so they will take it on Friday. Crazy as it seems check the recent games the "home team" almost always wins. Of course the clippers already did win on the road against the lakers this season.
Kobe_iz_the_best::They won't
Megatron818::Who says? Mike D'Antoni? LOL
Kobe_iz_the_best::yes it is the LAkers match up, and the Lakers will win.
Bionic Packers Fan::Kobe_iz_the_best - No, they'll fo sure on friday.  is that a lakers matchup or something? prepare to watch the true LA ballers beat the lakers down.
dannycraq::no they $@%!$@% wont. go somewhere with your .500 record and pure retardedness.
Kobe_iz_the_best::No, they'll fo sure on friday.
Bionic Packers Fan::yes will shut up.
tbest23::Obviously the Clips aren't the Rockets from a few years ago, but those cats won over 20 games in a row. Then got bounced immediately once the playoffs started. Their team is loaded but I guess Del Negro might have a chance if Spoelstra won one.
Bionic Packers Fan::that was McGrady's fault remember? ITS ON ME. ITS ON ME!
09Skeet::Cliff Paul &gt; Chris Paul
FTLakerFan::Clipper tickets against the Thunder on sale here.............guess they are not such a hot ticket yet  http://www.goldstar.com/e/63565
BRAY5150::Dude that game is not til the end of next month and please don't act like I can't go online and get laker tickets either. Games are never really sold out anymore with all the online ticket sites
glory be to ALLAH::chris pauls wife is a guy
dannycraq::he wants some $@%!$ obviously.
Ustna9::Even if that were true...how does that affect you? Are you jealous?
dwighthowardsamazing::Exactly what I thought the clippers win and the daily dime is about them 29 other teams guys
DirtBaGP::they win. but do they cover?
Kitastrophy::Coming from a Thunder fan, this team scares the s h ! t outta me!
Delusional Lakers Fan::Lakers will still SWEEP the Clippers in the Playoffs and win with 20+ points per game.  Nash will run CIRCLES around CP3!    Lakers #1 !!!
FTLakerFan::I am a Laker fan, but this comment is stupid, why don't you wait until they are at least over 500 before you start running your mouth
GermanKlippa::Once his name is "DEELUSIONAL" lakers fan....: He was using complete irony with that statement made......
dave_lutzeier::dumbest comments all day^
GermanKlippa::Yup Bray5150, did a good job on it but you see still.there are...... Frohes Neues Jahr aus Deutschland.......)
BRAY5150::I guess I needed to make it more obvious i was joking. I figured the lol at the end would make that clear
GermanKlippa::I guess it is called irony......) Anyways, it still is:  Go CLIPS.....!!
BRAY5150::I completely agree with this... Lol
tchoi74::for the people who didn't watch the post game show, the whole Clippers team went to eat dinner at a nice restaurant together after this game just because Hollins invited them.  How great is that!?  How can you not root for this team?  I don't think the Lakers team would ever do this.
jsine55::why are you so concerned about what the Lakers would do?
Axe Radio::The Clippers streak will come to an end this Friday when they take on the mighty Los Angeles Lakers or I'll dry shave my ball sack with a dual razor! Footlong Flanagan  of Axe Radio.com
sly86921::Uh. IM a clippers fan and it might end before. I could see them losing to denver or GSW with the back to back. You must be a pretty bias and bizarre radio host. The lakers still arent back and clippers on a 17 game win streak. Should be a good game but the game will be decided on the PGs. I think whoever wins that battle will determine the game
dane123646::Why are sportswriters repeating the notion that this is only the third time an NBA team has been undefeated for a calendar month?   I believe this has been done 12 times.   E.g., the Celtics 15 wins in Dec. 1959 (total streak of 18).  Phoenix 1992.  Houston 1993, several others.   (What they apparently are referring to is that only three times has this involved at least 16 games in a month, which has as much to do with the facts of scheduling as performance).
dane123646::Sure.  But those who cite this feat do not seem to know any of this.
sly86921::Yes but thats how statistics work. As much as it has to the with the scheduling. It does mean more cause its more wear and tear on the team.
BarrelRider04::All the idiots who keep whining that their schedule has been easy during this streak fail to recognize the FACTS: Clippers have the MOST WINS against the TOP 8 TEAMS in the league.......PERIOD! Keep crying haters, this is not your mother's Clipper's!!
oicurak9::Clips schedule gets tougher now.  Enough snacking on carp.  The target is on your back and the better teams will be ready this go-round.  Not hatin--just sayin.
nba is the worst::Another home win for the Clippers in the streak.  Imagine how good they'd be if griffin could shoot!
Ustna9::His shooting has gotten MUCH better.
sly86921::hes shooting 54% not too bad. He has really turned it on the last few games, excluding this one.
Christmas Ninja 2412::Remember when CP3 was a laker
earlealston::The Highlight moment of Stern's tenure, denying spoiled Kobetards another superstar LOL.
nba is the worst::I think he's most proud of stealing the Mavs' 2006 title
playemball::I could have sworn I saw Jack Nicholson wearing a Clippers jersey yesterday?
earlealston::Haters can talk about how this team had an easy schedule this past month, but (allegedly) stronger teams had even easier schedules and are fighting to stay .500 (*coughs* Lakers)  It's been quite fun to watch the "Red-headed stepchild of LA" frustrate Kobetards.....
jsine55::I love how so many arguments of Clipper grandeur always mention the Lakers.
sportsrbust::Been keeping up with this streak the Clippers have going on while being over here in Afghanistan..completely awesome!
dannycraq::You are doing the job most people wouldnt. Be safe friend. Happy New Year.
playemball::Semper Fi Sir
Rdy0Rn0t::will the clips win 16 in the playoffs?
razzledazzletj81::Ho hum, I still only watch the Clips if I care about the opposition.
razzledazzletj81::I felt a need to express my disinterest
sly86921::you dont enjoy basketball then. They are easily the most fun team to watch.
playemball::That's why you went through the trouble of coming to this board to post..lmao
CoconutFaninFlorida::Jazz fans can't complain about the refs today. +5 FT advantage and still lost by 11.
sly86921::so that is one home loss. what about the other one. Im a clippers fan and will say billups flopped. but the latest home loss was not on the refs. It was a horrible officated game but it was terrible for both sides. FTs were 41-40. utah lost that. not cuz of the refs
72jungle::But Jazz fans can complain about the refs in the 2 home losses.  Billups should have been fined and suspended for his flop in the first one....  the prototype of the bi-chy flop the rule was put in place for.
lakeshowdynasty3::Hey fuktard get a life nobody wants to see your stupid comments, wagon jumping miami fan.
CoconutFaninFlorida::Says the wagon jumping Lakers fan. I love ironic comments. How's 10th place?
CoconutFaninFlorida::Lakers have won 5-out-6 games to finally bring their record to .500  They beat: Wizards (really?...) 76ers (No Bynum, complete trash) Bobcats (at home and beat them by 1 point lol) Warriors (First solid team they beat) Knicks (christmas day at home, solid win vs a real playoff contender) Blazers (mediocre, .500 team)  <b> So Lakers fans, after this cake schedule ends on Tuesday (win vs Philly), prepare to lose 5 straight games (Clippers, Nuggets, Spurs, Rockets, Thunder). This will bring your record to 16-20. Good luck ;)</b>
CoconutFaninFlorida::Lakers fans are easily the dumbest breed of people I have ever encountered. They constantly bring up their 16 championships, where actually 4 don't even belong to Los Angeles, and they use the past to convince themselves that they are still relevant in the league. Guess what, the Clippers run Los Angeles now. Only a matter of time before Jack Nicholson buys Clippers season tix.
CoconutFaninFlorida::"Jordan Wears Cargo Shorts", stop messaging me pictures of yourself.  http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-bRnEt20VD6s/T-2wOtPXgDI/AAAAAAAACXM/5nVb--ArphA/s1600/super-$@%!$@.jpg
Jordan Wears Cargo Shorts::ustna9,  stop private msging me im not a female!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
CoconutFaninFlorida::This guy just went full-ret@rd.  http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQd7tRwMIVL9CGP9CqLLSHeGlJgh0iBdvPwbhIp2rYv1MUXvaY2R3AYqR0Xuw
Ustna9::0/10  I suggest you take your keyboard and bash yourself in the head with it.
Chuckthesportsking::The Lakers will end this streak !!!!
Chuckthesportsking::Ok we will see.
Ustna9::Their streak of sucking this season?
CoconutFaninFlorida::Hahahahaha, that's funny. No they won't. The Lakers cake schedule ends on Tuesday. After that, they have to play the Clippers, Nuggets, Houston, Spurs, and Thunder. I see them winning no more than 1 game in this stretch.
CoconutFaninFlorida::D'Antoni came in almost right in the beginning of the season, when the Lakers were 6-5. The Lakers had Dwight, Kobe, and Gasol plus D'Antoni coaching when they lost to the Magic, Jazz, and Cavs. Get your facts straight.
Chuckthesportsking::You are mistaken cause they weren't fully healthy for those games and D'Antoni wasn't even coaching yet. So those games mean nothing to me. We had just put in the new system
CoconutFaninFlorida::Even without Nash, the Lakers have 3 all-star caliber players on the floor. And if I'm not mistaken, the Lakers were fully healthy when they threw away games to the Cavs, Jazz, and Magic.
Chuckthesportsking::I saw them losing before, an idiotic offense, plus injuries, plus lack of urgency. They are finding themselves and that game could be a big turning point. Don't be surprised
CoconutFaninFlorida::You don't see them losing? I guess you've been wrong 15 times this season.
Chuckthesportsking::CoconutFaninFlorida - Okay. And when the Lakers get their a** kicked by the Clippers, where will you be?  Watching as I do every Laker game, if they lose they lose, but I don't see it. Only because that'll be the official passing of the guard to the Clippers as LA's elite team and that is as believable as the world ending.
CoconutFaninFlorida::Okay. And when the Lakers get their a** kicked by the Clippers, where will you be?
Chuckthesportsking::When they do remember this moment, "I TOLD YOU SO"
Jordan Wears Cargo Shorts::clippers will come out losing like the next 8 outta 10 LOL.. clippers are the bulls the last 2 years..will end up losing in the playoffs..
Jordan Wears Cargo Shorts::i wasnt referring to that...bulls were in 1st place the last 2 years and still didnt win anything.. clippers look like they will be in first as well.. thanks for reading coconut boy..
CoconutFaninFlorida::You mad I proved you wrong?  http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQd7tRwMIVL9CGP9CqLLSHeGlJgh0iBdvPwbhIp2rYv1MUXvaY2R3AYqR0Xuw
Jordan Wears Cargo Shorts::CoconutFaninFlorida - The #1 seed is wide-open in the west, so you can't really say the Clippers will lock up the #1 seed. But nice try, genius.  raise your hand before you wanna type to me ok .fa.g boy?
CoconutFaninFlorida::The #1 seed is wide-open in the west, so you can't really say the Clippers will lock up the #1 seed. But nice try, genius.
Ustna9::SOLID logic. You have shown everyone here that you are truly a basketball genius.   -_-
Jordan Wears Cargo Shorts::ustna LOL, i can still see ur running ur fingers.. youre so cool behind a monitor!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
CoconutFaninFlorida::I don't think the Bulls had a 16-game winning streak anytime during the past 2 years.
