SPEC1MAN::westbrook is da man.  love that guys play.
Beanslams46::Sixers are on a free fall into a black hole, and the only way out is through andrew bynum.......badder than leroy brown.
Mr. Nut Job::Dang!  Looks like they are playing for real again!
8723Chris::Ive been following this system for sports betting called Sportsbettingstar a few months. i doubled my initial balance and made almost $3000 my 2nd month using this system. you will find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet on sports at all you gotta see this.
CoreyGallagherArt::Wait, Nick Young was the only player to get to the line for the Sixers?
KevinJohnsonThaTruth::This is how it was suppose to be:  http://i.imgur.com/JEHZK.jpg
coach Ks hair dye::with all due respect to oklahoma city, they were given the easiest team to root for in the NBA right before it became a sure fire contender for the next decade.
RDavison82::Seattle blows. They actually get supported in OKC.
seniorgong::FACT: put Westbrook on another team where he's the absolute 1st option and his stats would be off the charts.  His field goal % is this low because of all the fn pressure fromt he media and a few @ssholes on social networks hell bent on making his life a living nightmare. Remember this though haters Westbrook is the one rocking the G.OA.T'S kicks whenever they first come out.  That's an endorsement and recognition of his fearless, competitive approach to the game
KiD.Clutch.35::Well we're friends now!!!!!!!   Its strange, I dont wanna put KD down....but Russ has an insane all-around game.  A motor that doesnt stop.
ganggreengaingreen_oww::Also what people dont understand is that the Sixers missing the playoffs would be VERY GOOD to the organization     2) You can let the young guys develop with less pressure and less playing the vets  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- this is not true. the last thing you want is your young guys to get used to losing. trust me you want jrue,turner and young to taste the postseason and make them work their $@% off to get further next time.
47youngman::Thunder will never win a ring if Durant continues 2 be Westbrooks b itch
ganggreengaingreen_oww::nick young is a joke... when hes the leading scorer you know the team played bad. jrues back probably hurts from carrying this team.
KiD.Clutch.35::Inframzah Doesn't change the fact OKC got steam rolled by the NETS. OKC still sucks.  This guy is sooooo sad.   OKC had a bad night.   Then the REFS ballooned the score at the end.  Just the way the cookie crumbles.  I can deal with it cuz I know ONE regular season game doesnt matter.  OKC sucked ONE night.  Nets ACTUALLY suck.
15knick15::2010 OKC Census:  Check box if occupation is:  _ Rabbit hunter  _ Homeless  _ KKK member  _ Still repeating kindergarten  _ Cow tipping  _ Watching NASCAR  _ Drinking beer
ThunderUpUNCPokes::It's sad that you're still posting this. I've seen it on 3 boards in the past few hours. Get a life (or a better team).
RDavison82::Someone's jealous their team has been trash almost their entire existence. No wonder people want to fly $@%! into buildings up there.
PATSORGENOS2012::Bob Stoops next Eagles head coach haha
PennDrex::Good lord Landry Jones sucks
picaac15::Oh well, if we finish the season 4 under .500, chances are we'll be the 8 seed
PennDrex::Actually, 1994 was a bad year too...  All four teams finished under .500
PATSORGENOS2012::Too damn many of those years
PennDrex::It's rather rare for all four teams to suck. Usually at least the Flyers manage to be competitive, but in the early 90s they traded everything for Lindros and hadn't built the team up yet.
picaac15::I'd still rather have Bynum injured than the team we had last year
Les4343::How many points did Bynum have tonight?
PennDrex::PATSORGENOS2012 - Yea Penn that's true.  THere have been worse individual yrs, not sure Ive ever seen an all around across the board odd year like this past 1 ____  1992:  Flyers miss the playoffs (and under .500 esh) Phillies end up in last place Sixers manage an incredible 26 wins Though the Eagles were 11-5, so that might mitigate that
picaac15::I cant remember the last time in Philly we had a year where ALL TEAMS THAT PLAYED SUCKED
Les4343::Flyers are undefeated
PATSORGENOS2012::The Flyers were good, but they bowed out so badly to Jersey it took the luster off the $@% kicking of the Pens.  Other then that, yea the rest sucked pretty badly
potato623::2006?
potato623::Wait didn't that ol sob Garcia drag us into the playoffs haha?
potato623::Aint that the year Flyers traded Forsberg, McNabb got ACL tear, and 76ers were 76ers?
10brady24::I would let Bynum walk at the end of the season so we can get someone that won't be injured with all the money we have.
10brady24::it cant be much worse than this.....
potato623::Like who? Next FA class sucks
Maniacpkt::signing nobody is better than having 15 mil riding the bench
potato623::Best option is to stick with Bynum
picaac15::Andrew Bynum is still kneeless. Spencer Hawes is still talentless. Doug Collins is still clueless.   We are going nowhere,  TANK TANK TANK
Inframzah::Doesn't change the fact OKC got steam rolled by the NETS. OKC still sucks.
Inframzah::I understand everyone has bad nights and good nights, but some losses are unexcuseable.
Matthew Borba::Thunder lost to the Wizards last year, and made it to the Finals.... What's your point? That would mean that some losses are in fact excusable. Nice try though.
RafaWoods01::Wrong.
PATSORGENOS2012::haha what a tool
potato623::If OKC sucks, who is good?
PennDrex::Well the Wiz managed to only lose to the Nets by 2, so they have to be better than the Thunder.
picaac15::Just remember this is the hardest part of our season..
Maniacpkt::you guys are pretty depressing....
PATSORGENOS2012::Yea Penn that's true.  THere have been worse individual yrs, not sure Ive ever seen an all around across the board odd year like this past 1
10brady24::We are Philly fans aren't we?
PennDrex::After a while, you just let it out. One championship in the 26 years I've been alive - not good.
potato623::That's what 13 years of mediocrity does
PATSORGENOS2012::LOL welcome to the Philly boards....where the 2012 worst sports year ever never stops for us
PennDrex::Iono, the late 90s was pretty ugly all around too
PennDrex::Just think Philly fans - only 3 more months until Howard blows out his ankle again.
10brady24::And in 2 week you will hear about Bynum tripping over the sidewalk and tearing his acl
PennDrex::And now I'm angry about that contract... fk you Rubes.
10brady24::Nnamdi &lt; Anyone else
Chargers_4_Sale::I'm glad Nnamdi is doing bad.
10brady24::YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PATSORGENOS2012::Which is why we signed a CB from Tennessee no one has ever heard of
picaac15::Also what people dont understand is that the Sixers missing the playoffs would be VERY GOOD to the organization  1) You get a 1st round pick, chance at a high one 2) You can let the young guys develop with less pressure and less playing the vets 3) You can empty out the horrible deals we made before Bynum 4) If we suck enough Bynum can come back fully healthy next year and not have to play this year (and we can sign him long term)
potato623::No thanks, I'd rather make the playoffs and at least be at the least bit competitive
PennDrex::Well all our picks have sucked, high or low.
potato623::Luckiest pick ever, look at the rest of our picks. Speights, Moultrie(whatever), Vuc
PennDrex::Jrue was a mid-draft pick
potato623::Mid draft picks suck
picaac15::well remember last year when the Eagles were 4-8 and then they won 8-8 and we accomplished nothing  If we went 4-12 Reid would have been out before and we'd have a better draft pick
PennDrex::This year, I'll take the lottery - first round loss isn't worth the pick
PennDrex::If we suck enough, Bynum might not want to come back
PATSORGENOS2012::This makes me miss the 8th inning of Phillies games last season
PennDrex::::crosses fingers::  not Lindbloom, not Lindbloom, not... shi.t
PennDrex::Good news is that Amaro actually found someone to take him.
PATSORGENOS2012::hahahaha, my God that guy was a bum
picaac15::I think you guys would be surprised how good we'd be with Bynum
PennDrex::I kind of don't care. Even if you plug in Bynum, that roster still sucks.  Jrue + Bynum is a nice core to build around, but the Sixers haven't built a solid team in almost 30 years now.
potato623::Love how we get 0 updates on the dude, at least Bulls fans know D Rose is in the Virgin Islands rehabbing
PennDrex::Progress!
potato623::For all we know Bynum is at Dave and Busters playing skeeball
PATSORGENOS2012::I think we'd be decent enough with actual rebounding and free throw attempts.  He would cover alot of defensive sins too
15knick15::Clippers 130 Lakers 80     Kobe 58 pts, 29/120 FGs, 1 rebs, -1 assts
westsidekingpin::stop smoken crack buddy
Aron3411::fact: daniel orton has a per of 62.8
picaac15::Its great how even though the Sixers keep losing they keep rising on the Power Rankings because of the SOS and the fact that its on the road and the games are kinda close
PennDrex::I agree, they really gave OKC all they could handle tonight.
10brady24::My fellow Philly fans would you rather pay Bynum 100 mil for 5 years or or watch 3 hour highlights of the eagles secondary every day of your life?
PATSORGENOS2012::Give me Bynum and the 100 mil, plus 10 frames of bowling over that disgusting secondary any day
PennDrex::E-A-G-L-E-S EAGLES
picaac15::I want them to max Bynum even if hes out for the year
Chargers_4_Sale::Bynum is like Darren McFadden, so much potential but can't stay on the field.
picaac15::But i mean you cant be mad about losing tonight the Thunder are guaranteed a spot in the WCF
PennDrex::We lost to Detroit as well and the Lakers... and the Wizards... and the Cavs...  We're equal opportunity suck
potato623::I want to be competitive
PATSORGENOS2012::T for Temple U is Philadelphia's best basketball team
PennDrex::And Drexel sucks, which makes me smile.  fk Drexel.
picaac15::Villanova's 10-4... just saying
potato623::Dafuq...didn't they start out 3-3?
PennDrex::Temple ain't too shabby either.
picaac15::Im almost positive that Bynums out for the year, just the Sixers wont tell us so we still have some hope until the ASG.  But if Bynum actually was out for the year we better tank for a high lottery pick
PennDrex::Last time we drafted high we got Turner...
potato623::Don't need to tank, we can do that trying our hardest
potato623::Can I quit?
James Harden 3 point Celebration::im not done with nets fans
PennDrex::We's frum brooklan yo
erinbaby1997::Sixers, joke!  Where are you Bynum, bowling, d.ick!
PATSORGENOS2012::Thunder are on their way to a title soon enough
Maniacpkt::GG philly
15knick15::Clippers 130 Lakers 80     Kobe 60 pts, 30/105 FGs, 1 rebs, -2 assts
Qzhoopin20::The only thing from this game that the idiot Skip Bayless will care about, is that Westbrook had 6 turnovers.
PennDrex::GG OKC, hope you win a 'ship in the near future. Much rather Durant be a champion than the Heat or either of the LA teams.
calebfairfield200::thank you sir. best of luck in the future!
10brady24::I love Holiday and Thad the rest are garbage
PennDrex::ET is amazing!  /what a terrible draft class.
CoreyGallagherArt::Spot on spot on
James Harden 3 point Celebration::gg philly fans
15knick15::Clippers 130 Lakers 80     Kobe 60 pts, 30/105 FGs, 1 rebs, -2 assts  Kobe (Post game interview): I didnt get to take enough shots, thats why we lost
