Tj Kennedy::just wanna take this time sending holiday cheer to all these wonderful Laker haters that love to visit are page daily thank u for the support!! Thanks 4 ur time Lol
Kodezbryant Rooney::Nick Young channeled his inner Kobe tonight. Good win LA.
Mike Dixon::Wow.  Lakers actually finished strong.  I know it's just the Pistons, but we'll take it.
Antony Wood::The Lakers with Kobe, Nash, Howard and World Peace couldn't beat this Lakers team. It just shows that teamwork is just as important as talent.
Jesse Trey White::Young fresh legs to run up and down the court. And we finally have some guys that can knock down the 3 ball. Can't wait to see Kobe play with this group. I think we are still missing a scoring big man that can be consistent every night.
Peter Birnbaum::It's not as much about talent as it's about chemistry.  Howard destroys most teams chemistry as he benefitted from an inside out game in Orlando with great 3 point shooters when they were an elite team.  MWP and Nash were on their last legs as well.  Only Kobe was good last season out of all of them and he's coming back to hopefully fit in to this group as he's more of a point swing man and he does wanna handle the ball.  He needs to change his game a little to fit in, but should be a positive influence to get this team to the playoffs.
Damyan Sanchez::Too bad Kobe is going to step in and ruin this chemistry.
Chase Sutherland::and you go to Harvard?  lol.
William Cutting::This team is thriving over the past 6 games because D'antoni has a team that actually fits his coaching style. Having Pau and Dwight virtually doing the same thing and slowing the game down was a disaster under the D'antoni system. Your typical clueless Kobe hater will say Dwight left because of him, but it was more  that he wasn't a fit under D'Antoni's system and him and Pau were clogging up the middle
James Reyes::lakers! dont look behind goh go...
Gene Byrd::Lakers got this, if they play some "D".
Jeremy Thompson::lakeshow here we go
Philip Foster::Lets go Lakers!
Chase Sutherland::I remember people telling me that young was a terrible addition for the lakers because he plays absolutely zero defense.  ive seen multiple times this season hes made great defensive plays.  I was also told Johnson is a terrible defender and wouldn't be as good as mwp.  man I love watching the doubters be wrong.
Mike Dixon::Don't know if Johnson will ever be a DPOY candidate, but, yeah, he's much better now than MWP was last year.  I also agree about Nick Young -- never in a million years thought I'd see him getting steals, blocking shots, or taking charges.  I think it's about time we gave D'Antoni and the coaching staff a little credit.  They're working with stone tools this year.
Brent B Jacoby::mo cheeks needs to be fired. drummond kept on the bench the whole fourth quarter? pistons have given up so many rebounds and lacking off. rebounds because of mo cheeks incompetence. so frustrating seeing the guy with a plus 9 on the effing bench.
Allen Greene::Josh Smith 4 of 18 shooting? and Jennings missing 2 out of 3 free throws? and this what you get out of the two guys who are supposed to be the leaders of the team ? I mean come on and Yeah Drummond needs to be on  the court.
Jake Gibbs::Allen Greene How's Drummond's free throw shooting going this year?  Jennings played very well.
Allen Greene::Jake Gibbs But he will protect the rim and rebound. and Jennings is ok but still you cant miss 2 out of 3 free throws and what a chance to tie the game too? that's not good.
Eboni Clay::I usually dont care for player of the game but i thought wes johnson woul have it in the bag with 27pts/6rebs/3blks but the detroit commentators gave it to rodney stuckey with 22pts/2rebs/2asts Haters!!
Jim Adkins::I think the vote is for "Pistons" player of the game...not "THE" player of the game.
Jim Adkins::I always wondered why they start the voting at the beginning of the game?  How the heck can you know who the player of the game is in the 1st half?   The whole thing is silly.
Yaneek Smith::Eboni, are you a moron?
Gloria Ryan::Over kobe's career, the Lakers have always done surprisingly well without him. Why? I first noticed that when Shaq would be out & lakers would tank but when kobe out not so much.
Steve Carroll::You're right, and it's obvious. I think I saw a stat that when Kobe scores 30+ the Lakers have a losing record. 5 on 5 is a lot better than 1 on 5.
Chad Everett Dooley::and none of you fools will EVER put your money where your mouth is on that stat and say they will win the ring without him.  Better off without him...... sure.....ok
Chase Sutherland::it showed last postseason too....or wait a minute
Mike Dixon::2-1 on this road trip is a step in the right direction.  New goal is 3-1 over the next four.  PDX will be tough, but the other three are very winnable.
Chad Wiggins::choke on it much pistons..... guess thats just DEEEE TROIT BAAAASKET BALL
Gene Byrd::Launching some 3's . Now need to make some more of them.
Kyle Humphrey::I think what is more important right now is that they play some D on the inside.
Kay Gremillion Matthews::I miss Kobrick's bricks sooooo bad !!!!
Chase Sutherland::I thought it required some sort of intelligence to be a nurse?
Eboni Clay::Great hustle lake show!
Kodezbryant Rooney::Nick Young DPOY LOL
Avery Jackson::I see since Kobe has 5 rings and knows how to win the Chip he takes to many shots ha has done that his whole career and now you people says he takes to many shots ? he is one of the greatest Lakers ever and I put Kobe in the Conversation with Magic Kareem  West Shaq Worthy  been a Laker Fan for 40 years people shouldnt talk unless they have the Chips to show it !  Lakers will be alright this year !  they have one of the Best Benchs in a long while , Us laker fans was craving a young bunch and now we have one !  we will make the Playoffs this year for sure !
Jeremy Range::Pistons gave this one up. Mo cheeks was terrible. Drummond didnt come back in pretty much the entire second half, and he pretty much makes our offense go half the time. You can't leave him down low to help when Stuckey or jennings drive, you either stay and they have an open lane to score, or free throws, or you try to help and drummond gets an alley opp, dump off jam, or putback. The pistons were out of whack all second half without drummond.
Brian Maragos::so why the hell has Drummond not been in the entire 2nd half? Singler is playing over him? They deserve to lose for that!
Michael Malone::I'm very impressed with this Lakers team especially with not having any star power....
Vladimir Tsalyuk::gasol is a star
Peter Birnbaum::James Kwon Watch the game, then comment.  The Lakers are playing well as they've had a tough schedule to start the season.  Things are evening out.  Too bad you have no idea what you're talking about.  Go troll elsewhere.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::Peter Birnbaum how is his comment trolling? he stated facts pistons suck and lakers suck and lakers sneaked away with a win because pistons sucked a little more in this game.
Philip Wilson::Why do they continue to give the ball to Smith in crucial moments
