TheMiamiHeat365::Click the link for FREE HEAT TICKETS!!! http://miamiheat365.blogspot.com/
TheMiamiHeat365::CrAZY Video of Lebron James!!! http://miamiheat365.blogspot.com/
TheMiamiHeat365::Miami Heat News http://miamiheat365.blogspot.com/
mwaugamn::Since March 30. prior to the Grizz vs Heat The Grizzlies played 5 games, 4 away. Rudy Gay and Marc Gasol played in all 5. The Heat have played 4 games, 2 away. Lebron James played in all 4. Dwayne Wade played in 3.  Lebron James  38.5 MPG avg, 154 mins for that week. Marc Gasol 37.8 MPG avg, 189 for that week. Rudy Gay 37 MPG avg, 185 for that week. Dwayne Wade 36.7 MPG, 110 for that week.  Yep, looks like Memphis was able to escape the Heat with its well rested stars.
jeterjones05::you know... if you look at the 1993 Bulls, it looks a lot like the 2012 Heat! obviously no one is MJ... but just bare with me... LBJ/Wade = Jordan/Pippen (not really, but as far as roles and combined numbers) Horace Grant avg 13,9 and 1 block, BJ Armstrong - 12, 4, Scott Williams - 6 and 6 (Cartwright 5 and 4)! the only player that averaged a full block per game was Horace Grant! they didnt have a PG that got a lot of assists either, just shot the 3! they didnt have a Center getting points and rebounds! YET, they won! sooo lets stop making excuses for these guys please! they have a 3rd player in Bosh that was better than Horace Grant was... just play better
adam0437::all the talent in the world and they will never win a title. The old celtics still compete because they want to win and the numbers dont matter.
954_2_da_305::Can I take a look into your crystal ball?
nba is the worst::Heatles down to 4th in Hollinger's daily power rankings - I didn't think it was possible!  http://espn.go.com/nba/hollinger/powerrankings
CalaisYaY::i've been saying for the past 4 weeks now this grizz team is legit i'll even so far as to say that they have a chance of winning it all this year  and im a laker fan
lebronandjeterballerz::LucasownsLBJ - The Bulls had, jordan pippen, rodman, kukoc off the bench, randy brown a great defender, harper was great at distributing the ball, kerr a great 2 point shooter. WHat is this guy talking about??? The Heat arent even on the same planet as those Bulls  I was talking about the first 3 peat - you don't even know your own team, some "fan"
Rimfro::I don't know why all of the talk is of the Bulls, and other teams. The Grizzlies are the ones who blew them out. Keep living in the past, I haven't seen the Bulls get a win in Miami.
Slaughter Lane::Will Perdue was the key. He had an up-fake short jumper, and I saw it go in once.
LucasownsLBJ::lol
LucasownsLBJ::And you must be an idiot to compare this Heat team, to a dynasty of the 90s
LucasownsLBJ::Maybe u dont know how to explain yourself
lebronandjeterballerz::you can't read very well either
tripledouble916::that 1st bulls 3peat was even better on d.  with pippen jordan and grant they covered all 5 positions
LucasownsLBJ::Whatever, i could careless, you lying through your teeth, you knew that was the argument, never have i had to actually explain the argument on this site to anyone other than u because obviously u are unable to comprehend anything
lebronandjeterballerz::nice job changing your argument good bye
LucasownsLBJ::But they had a lot of great players and role players. Miami ONLy has, Lebron and WAde. And sometimes Bosh, but thats it, no bench at all other than Haslem SOMETIMES
nba is the worst::'94 Rockets - only ONE great player
LucasownsLBJ::No you are done with me because i proved you wrong and now youre lying, the whole argument was that complete teams win championships, not teams with 2 great players. And u were saying that teams have done that in the past, and i said theose teams WERE COMPLETE teams unlike Miami. An NO , they didnt have just a 2 man team, the Bulls had complete teams, did they not??
lebronandjeterballerz::NO you were proven wrong. You specifically said that no team has won a championship with only two GREAT players. Nothing about a supporting cast or anything like that, that was solely your argument. I am done with you because you are foolish
LucasownsLBJ::To think that 2 players can carry a wwhole team all year without any help from their bench and win a championship is dumb, it will never happen. U need a real good bench too, not just 2 guys who are great
LucasownsLBJ::You dont have to have 3 hofers or even 2 hofers to win a championship, you need a complete team. The Heat dont have that, and the Bulls always did. So dont change what you were initially saying now because u were proven wrong
lebronandjeterballerz::please enlighten me oh genius
LucasownsLBJ::I guess you are a moron afterall, you dont even know what youre talking about
lebronandjeterballerz::on the second 3 peat they had 3 hofers, on the first they had 2, they won 3 championships with 2 GREAT players. that is  what i am saying
LucasownsLBJ::the Bulls had 2   3-peats
lebronandjeterballerz::no really, what are you saying? I don't understand
LucasownsLBJ::i hope youre joking
LucasownsLBJ::Shutup!!!
lebronandjeterballerz::the bulls didn't win a 3 peat, what are you saying
LucasownsLBJ::Ever heard of Horace Grant???
LucasownsLBJ::But they didnt , u dont even know anything about the 1st Bulls team
lebronandjeterballerz::I wasn't comparing anyone - you said no team has won with only 2 great players, and the first 3 peat bulls did. Then you tried to deny it with the 2nd 3 peat team. You are supposedly a bulls fan, you should know this stuff
LucasownsLBJ::Plus, i even commented like 3 times about that 1st Bulls team , stop acting like you know what youre talking about
LucasownsLBJ::How do i not know my team ? U werec omparing this Heat team to the Bulls of Jordan, so thats what i figured.
BillKnebel::It's well know the 96 bulls had the best d. Maybe not at center but their perimeter d was outstanding. Pipped was also in his prime those years. C'mon man I'm a bulls fan too.
tripledouble916::what is going to happen to the heat when they dont win it again this yr? Who's gonna be sent packing 1st
nba is the worst::Spo seems the most likely
Slaughter Lane::Agree. Coach goes. He's kind of let-them-figure-it-out. I sense he's trying to channel zen master Phil Jackson. It's not working well.
StayCoolDude::Since LeQUIT jumped from Cleveland to Miami, the Cavs have won just as many championships as the Heat!
johndoe5699::So has 28 other teams other than the Mavericks.
lebronFEARSdeng::by the way lebronandjeter...i wouldnt call them 2.5 players.......i believe that bosh is just as valuable.....bosh is a baller
Slaughter Lane::He might be just good, but he's going to have big numbers and lots of pub before it's through. He could go Hall; seriously.
lebronandjeterballerz::good player, not great
LucasownsLBJ::I think Bosh's spotlight is overpowered by Wade and Lebron
Lebrons Finger::on some nights
lebronFEARSdeng::lebronandjeter....i see what your saying and i agree.......if u dont believe that the bulls are a complete team from starters to the bench and are not a threat to miami at all, then u have let the media hype u up
lebronandjeterballerz::The bulls are crazy good, their defense is pretty incredible and they are a threat to the heat. it should be a good series, better than last year i hope
lebronFEARSdeng::look i dont just not have common sense because i dont believe the heat win the finals,......i am telling u THEY WONT WIN THE FINALS......it takes an overall complete team to win it all, the heat cannot rebound, they dont move the ball around the court, the bench doesnt get involved, eric is not a great coach, if u take care of the ball against the heat u will win, lebron was on fire against the thunder and lebron is a great player and one of the best ever, i am not a heat hater nor a lebron hater, im just evaluating them as a over all team and i just dont think they are championship caliber
Rimfro::The Grizzlies are winning it all this year. There, I made it easy for all of you.
lebronandjeterballerz::stop acting like you know lebrons mindset, you dont'
LucasownsLBJ::I said hes a baby, am i wrong?
Slaughter Lane::He's had maybe 20 playoff series, all under the microscope. He's no stranger
LucasownsLBJ::U can tell by his actions, hes a BABY
Slaughter Lane::They didn't want to compete too much last night. This Heat team may win a championship. They're in the top 3-4 talent wise in the league. But they will never be one of the great teams. They really don't care much. LeBron seems happy with himself as a great overall statistical player. What he has said and done over these nearly 8 years indicates that's enough to him most all of the time. He knows they're not going to win 6-7-8 championships. He's kind of moved past that goal, again. Wade has a ring and was finals MVP.
LucasownsLBJ::I agree 100%, these guys, especially LBJ just want publicity, not Championships. They are frauds!
lebronandjeterballerz::the bulls did it
Slaughter Lane::I don't remember what the argument was, but if its that the other players were great those first 3 years, they weren't. That one cat could beat you, when it counted in those later rounds and at the end of the game. Horace Grant, maybe, but Paxson and Armstrong would be lucky to have even one All-Star year. You know, how about Ron Harper? He was good.
LucasownsLBJ::Armstrong was a solid starter for that Bulls 1st run at the 3 peat
LucasownsLBJ::How about grant, who was actually better than Rodman over all??? And i said Paxson was replacing Kerr. The Bulls always had a great bench, the Heat have none. NO COMPARISON
Slaughter Lane::Armstrong? C'mon, that's a pretty average player at best. Paxson, one dimensional role player.
LucasownsLBJ::Ok dummy, Horace Grant, Paxson-better than Kerr, Armstrong
lebronandjeterballerz::rodman was not on the first three peat, neither was kukoc or kerr. learn some basketball before you spit out stupid stuff
LucasownsLBJ::The Bulls had, jordan pippen, rodman best rebounder in history maybe, kukoc 17-19 points off the bench, randy brown a great defender, harper was great at distributing the ball, kerr a great 3 point shooter. WHat is this guy talking about??? The Heat arent even on the same planet as those Bulls
lebronandjeterballerz::jordan and pippen- first three peat
lebronFEARSdeng::no they didnt
LucasownsLBJ::They rely on 2 players, how can a team win a Championship with 2 players ???
LucasownsLBJ::I also think they have no shot
LucasownsLBJ::Blasphemy, how dare you??? (sarcasm)
lebronandjeterballerz::Can you read very well. I am not saying they will win the finals for sure, but to say they have no chance is pretty dumb. They have 2.5 great players on their team, anything is possible
LucasownsLBJ::EXACTLY, the Heat are 9-6 in the last month
lebronandjeterballerz::people said the same thing about the lakers during their championship seasons. You would be surprised what momentum means in the playoffs
LucasownsLBJ::I ve seen the Heat quit multiple times the last 3 weeks or so, they already look exhausted and over used, imagine in the playoffs
lebronFEARSdeng::your right about that, sometimes as great as the big 3 are they maybe able to play so great that those 3 alone just over powers the rest of their weaknesses, i agree with u, buts its hard to win like that man
lebronFEARSdeng::lebron and jeter..............if u want go on youtube and type in luol defends lebron and u will see what im talking about
lebronFEARSdeng::deng has owned lebron going back to cleveland, this year deng has a wrist injury
lebronandjeterballerz::http://www.hoopsstats.com/basketball/fantasy/nba/miami-heat/players/lebron-james/profile/11/15/211
lebronFEARSdeng::like i said ........youtube it for yourself,.........before this season, lebron only averages 18 points against the bulls and deng was the reason
lebronandjeterballerz::owned lebron? you wish bro.
lebronFEARSdeng::what have the heat done so far in the last two years to earn being favored to win the finals???....they were i believe a 4 seed last year and now they are 2nd in the east behind the bulls and i believe 5 th in the nba
lebronFEARSdeng::totally agree postlapsaria
BillKnebel::It's the "Jordan effect". Everyone thinks its easy to win if you have the best player. Not true, Jordan was the exception to the rule.
BillKnebel::Cavs. This smart phone is making me look dumb lol
BillKnebel::The scores were close in the spurs series even though they got swept. Give the cabs an extra 8ppg and they would've had a serious chance. Go check the scores
lebronandjeterballerz::One time, they had no chance against the spurs
BillKnebel::Jordan also didn't choke in the finals. Lebrons ppg in the finals compared to the regular season is -8ppg. Jordans actually increased in the finals. If lebron played even average he would be a 2 time champ. That's the difference
postlapsaria::and also, Jordan worked in a great system for his skill set, with great role players and a great coach. Lebron doesn't ever get any of those...  give bron bron (or wade) the ball isn't really a "system"
lebronFEARSdeng::so if u dont believe the heat will win the finals u have no common sense???
lebronandjeterballerz::no, you said they have no chance, that means you have no common sense
lebronandjeterballerz::haters, no common sense
lebronandjeterballerz::they only went to the finals last year. Yeah you're right they have no chance to win the finals. No chance at all.
lebronFEARSdeng::no chance at all ...im saying they will not get to the ECF,....the bulls will not see the heat
BillKnebel::I wish these heat "fans". Knew some nba history so we could actually discuss basketball. Oh well morons gonna moron....
lebronFEARSdeng::espn makes the heat look better than what they are by thinking the heat just cant lose no matter what and are so great, just because the big 3 emerger it has been championship or bust and thats why, u gotta look at the big picture and i said this when it happen that it wouldnt work out because wade and james play the same way and dont know how to play without the ball and the rest of the team are just being carried through the season, the bulls on the other hand our bench make plays on their own, the big 3 are baby sitting the rest of the team
Insidezone7111::Win money every single day picking NBA teams! http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
Ndfreakboy7::http://ndwithjg.blogspot.com/2012/03/notre-dame-sp...  read it up great blog don't forget to press like on the facebook like box while your there
tim4w5::Heat lost so i'm lmao.....
TheSportsDude2011::Anyone knows how much Arenas is making? I wonder why the lakers did not sign him. I bet he can still drop 40
guitarzach65::hes on a 300k contract for the rest of this year.. he got amnestied and was supposed to make 60 mill over the next two seasons in orlando
tim4w5::$19,269,308
BillKnebel::Flopping should be a technical foul and the players should grow a pair. I miss the bulls-Knicks and heat-Knicks series of the 90s.
lebronFEARSdeng::bulls dont need any help from refs, the bulls basketball at its best
joshuadhickman03::and now he wants rule changes to give the bulls a chance?
a critic::Bosh is the best but it's because he's really too soft to take a hit.  He's flopping to us but to him it's survival.
lebronandjeterballerz::Joakim noah is the king of flopping, stop blaming the refs they love working for the bulls
lebronandjeterballerz::you just love the bulls too much you are blinded, I on the other hand know that Wade is a flopper, Bosh is soft, and Lebron occasionally acts, but if you seriously believe that the bulls don't do that then you are not a good fan
lebronFEARSdeng::no they dont
lebronandjeterballerz::don't be a hypocrite the bulls do the same thing
lebronFEARSdeng::please are u kidding me, did u not watch the playoffs against the bulls when lebron totally flopped and got the call, and he went down the court smiling and winked at the bulls bench.......are u serious, the heat live off of that, and when they dont get the calls wade throws hissy fits like a 6 year old while the ball is in play and should be down court playing defense
lebronandjeterballerz::Wade is a flopper, but Noah never believes a foul could possibly be called on him and watch him play D12, you would be surprised the flopping he is capable of. Lebron is a flopper? I have never seen Lebron fall down without good reason or complain to the refs after every call like some players
lebronFEARSdeng::noah does not flop, wade is the king of flopping and so is lebron, wade falls down every single time, and lebron as big as he is falls down on the slightest contact against someone twice as smaller, please lebron is to big to be shoved and knocked down, watch the next heat game and see for yourself
lebronFEARSdeng::i totally agree, if u flop it should be a no call or a tech, probably a no call, the heat live off flopping, the first bulls and heat game this year the refs totally called everything for the heat
BillKnebel::Lol the bulls beat the heat WITHOUT rose. Your the guy posting the same s h i t 20 times in a row. So who's really upset?
joshuadhickman03::wow your really mad the bulls got beat be the heat
newyorksportsfan100454::Let's be real Eastern Conference NBA team fans. The Western Conference team domination of the NBA since 1999 is like the SEC team domination of the NCAA in football and even basketball.
MoMoneyMoFlow77281::Win money every single day picking NBA teams! http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
HiggityWHOrah::nice site
Hester62hhye::thanks dude
lebronFEARSdeng::before the last time rose got hurt the bulls were 1st in reb, 1st in assist per game, 2nd in defense, and 5th in scoring................now i believe we are still 1st in reb, 4th in assist, 2nd in defense, and without rose we dropped to 11th in scoring......but with rose we are the best of all worlds, heat dont stand a chance in the playoffs
lebronFEARSdeng::the heat are 20th in the league in rebounding, 18th in the league in assist per game, 7th in defense and 4th in scoring,...........that is not a very good over all team
lebronandjeterballerz::so you do accept that your screen name is false, just making sure
lebronandjeterballerz::that is why lebron drops about 30 a game on you fools in Chitown
lebronFEARSdeng::exactly, tom thib told the bulls team to make lebron, wade, and bosh do all the work and shut everyone else down, outside of the big 3 the rest scored 19 points, we dont care how many lebron scores, we are not doubling the big 3
lebronandjeterballerz::because they fear lebron and they are too soft to play man to man
joshuadhickman03::and yet your so upset you'll be watching the heat in the finals that your getting your insults in now
lebronFEARSdeng::no they wanna keep the heat out the lane and force them to shoot jump shots, no one on the bulls is scared to play d on the heat, no team in the league can defend the heat like the bulls, our team is built for defense
lebronFEARSdeng::bulls play zone against heat, deng doesnt guard him the whole game man to man
lebronandjeterballerz::I think your screen name is backwards
postlapsaria::LeBron's not clutch against the Bulls... he stops Rose from being clutch though. He shuts down Rose, there's nothing Rose can do against Lebron, so when the Bulls have no one else scoring, it's obviously a problem.  now that the other players have found their scoring... it may be different now.  Lebron can't defend everyone.
lebronFEARSdeng::like last game right???
lebronandjeterballerz::stephen a smith-hahahahahaha
lebronandjeterballerz::Not when Deng is in the game. Lebron is not clutch often but when he is it is against the bulls and deng
lebronFEARSdeng::deng does great job on lebron, even steven a smith said no one has defended lebron better than loul deng
Inconvenient Truth::no, I think it should be lebronFEARS4thquarters
BillKnebel::The grizzlies are playing great this year, but I don't see them getting to the finals. If the league wouldn't let the kings make it in 02, theres now way they'll let Memphis in this year.
lebronandjeterballerz::Heat haters believe that every game is the Heat's to lose, give some credit to the other teams that beat them, they usually have to play very well
a critic::Exceptions abound.  Miami excels off turnovers, steals and free throws.  Numbers don't lie.  Put them in half court and if refs call it even the Heat are in trouble.  If Miami gets steals, rebounds on the perimeter and drive the basket they are tough to beat.
lebronandjeterballerz::you can't go 39-15 being that one-dimensional, sure their offense needs work but I am pretty sure they will be ok in the playoffs. I am a Heat  fan and sometimes it is the Heat's fault, but no one gives credit to the opposing teams i.e. Dallas in the Finals
nba is the worst::False - tons of heatles fans still don't give the Mavs credit - and a significant percentage blames the officiating(!)
a critic::I think it's a valid point.  More times than not the Heat are given the excuse for losing and the other team is viewed as lucky or played perfect to win.
postlapsaria::I agree that sometimes they don't give the other team enough credit, but your examples are way off. I can't recall anyone saying that the Heat loss the finals... it was all about how Barrea came alive and how Dirk lit them up and dismantled whatever they tried to do to him.  All credit was given to Dallas.
a critic::Actually it's the Heat "fans" that believe that and rarely give the other team credit.  The bandwagon acts as if the Heat lost and not the other team won.  Miami beats teams that are careless with the ball and they beat teams with free throws period!  Take away turnovers and fast breaks and Miami is going nowhere!
nba is the worst::Agree - there were multiple heatles fans on last night saying the grizz weren't playing well, but rather the heatles were horrible
lebronFEARSdeng::u are absolutely right
postlapsaria::the grizzlies gave credit to the Heat losing this one.  Read the recap: "they missed shots they normally make and we were there for everyone of them."  So in this particular instance... this was the Heats loss.
VolalumDec04::Good for the Griz.  I'm not saying that they're a championship contender, but they are a pretty good team and able to compete with any team in the league.  I get so sick of the lack of respect that they get from some people because they're not a large market team.
Kev2877::Grizzlies have quietly beaten both the Heat &amp; Thunder this past week. Gotta give them props, dark horse team in the West
a critic::That's because the media gives the Heat the benefit of having an off night or the other team played flawlessly to win.  Media is just like the bandwagon fans.
ThreeKings14::I just don't remember the media making as big of a deal about it when the Grizzlies beat the Thunder (at least compared to them beating the Heat).
HowAboutaWin9381::Win money every single day picking NBA teams! http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
Teusdayeveryday3874::im gettin in
HowAboutaWin9381::check this out if you havent yet..
obviousmon::I looked at the remaining schedule, so here's my prediction for the Eastern conference the rest of the season &amp; playoffs: Team                         Remaining                            Final Record Chicago                         8-2                                        53-15 Miami                             9-3                                       48-18 Indiana                          8-3                                         42-24 Boston                           8-4                                         38-28 Atlanta                           7-3                                         40-26 Phily                              8-4                                         37-29 Orlando                         4-7                                         36-30 Milwaukee                     7-4                                         34-32 NY                                 4-7                                          32-34            Miss the playoffs  1st round: Chicago over Mil in 5 Miami over Orlando in 4 with @ least 2 blowouts.  Miami talk about they are ready to beat the Bulls Indiana over Phily in all close games Boston edges Atlanta 2nd Round: Chicago over Boston       Indiana over Miami in tough physical series ECF Chicago over Indy
Slaughter Lane::just sayin'...If you have determined the potential for every playoff team in every remaining game, you might want to think about a new hobby, like going outside.
Slaughter Lane::This year won't be as easy for them. Cs were crippled last year. Bulls were too young. Young doesn't last.
ThreeKings14::Just be back here on the forums to tell us all how wrong you were when Miami wins the East.
nba is the worst::53-15 ain't happening
lebronFEARSdeng::please, miami doesnt have enough to win the east, they are what they are a 2 seed, which is good but they aren't as a good as the bulls
BillKnebel::C'mon Joshua dickman. You're being a d i c k man
joshuadhickman03::here are the bulls fans that likes the team so little they stay on the Heat site? I think they do this because they know all their bulls team is is just the new version of the lebron james led cavs, a great regular season team
postlapsaria::yea, I agree with ronbo, are you ok?  who is the LeBron in this Bulls=Cavs?  Rose? because we've beat all the top East teams without Rose.  So it can't be him, um, Deng? whose NOT our MVP and also, we won without him too...  Scalabrine?  he IS a champion, must be him, right?
ronbo 236::Do you have autism you keep repeating yourself, take your medicine!!
joshuadhickman03::just like you repeat your self daily "heat suck no free agents came to my team"
Chicagocold312::he's real BUTTHURT right now, forgive him. lmao
joshuadhickman03::here are the bulls fans that likes the team so little they stay on the Heat site? I think they do this because they know all their bulls team is is just the new version of the lebron james led cavs, a great regular season team
joshuadhickman03::here are the bulls fans that likes the team so little they stay on the Heat site? I think they do this because they know all their bulls team is is just the new version of the lebron james led cavs, a great regular season team
joshuadhickman03::here are the bulls fans that likes the team so little they stay on the Heat site? I think they do this because they know all their bulls team is is just the new version of the lebron james led cavs, a great regular season team
joshuadhickman03::here are the bulls fans that likes the team so little they stay on the Heat site? I think they do this because they know all their bulls team is is just the new version of the lebron james led cavs, a great regular season team
joshuadhickman03::here are the bulls fans that likes the team so little they stay on the Heat site? I think they do this because they know all their bulls team is is just the new version of the lebron james led cavs, a great regular season team
joshuadhickman03::here are the bulls fans that likes the team so little they stay on the Heat site? I think they do this because they know all their bulls team is is just the new version of the lebron james led cavs, a great regular season team
joshuadhickman03::here are the bulls fans that likes the team so little they stay on the Heat site? I think they do this because they know all their bulls team is is just the new version of the lebron james led cavs, a great regular season team
joshuadhickman03::here are the bulls fans that likes the team so little they stay on the Heat site? I think they do this because they know all their bulls team is is just the new version of the lebron james led cavs, a great regular season team
ronbo 236::There was a bunch of trolls on last night, it's to be a little more respectful today...The Heat suck a$$ and are getting swept in the first round by whoever they play!!
scamnewton56::Rings:  Scalabrine - 1 LeBron - 0
Steve_Polychronopolis::The fact of the matter is that there are just better teams out there than the Heat.
BillKnebel::The heat teams from the mid 90s would mop the floor with today's heat team.
BillKnebel::Hope 2k13 has the mid 90s heat team. It would be fun as hell to abuse bosh down low with that team lol.
BillKnebel::Yeah I actually respected them back in those days. I respected wade too until he turned full diva mode once lebron got there. I really don't see how anyone can be a true fan of this team. 95% are just lebron fans that will jump ship after he chokes again this year.
Chicagocold312::DWade has gone Hollywood he needs to go back to the Flash days, that's when he was the most dangerous.
Chicagocold312::They were physical as hell weren't they? They played real defense, and didn't FLOP, cuz flopping is not playing "D" it's a punk move.
Chicagocold312::The Heat need to reign it in they lost because of injury and fatigue, moreso from injury. They don't want to get their fans alarmed but those dudes are hurting especially DWade, Spo needs to rest him for a game or 2. The Heat already are in the playoffs so it's a moot point, and i feel the same way about my Bulls if DRose doesn't need to come back sit him, we need him healthy for the playoffs.
guitarzach65::the grizz havent had everyone healthy except in maybe 6 games this year. thats still without their backup PF. whos out for the season. and theyve played 5 games in 6 days.... but theyre not tired or injured.... the heat are... grizz deserve no credit.
joshuadhickman03::thanks for being logical hope bulls and heat meet in the ECF
Chicagocold312::dude believe me i'm not here to make dumb declarations and bloviate like some people on here just to get a reaction, i like to state the facts and speak logically, thanks. and here's to both our teams possibly meeting in the ECF, it'll be a tough road but it can get done.
Chip_Douglas_69::heat get blownout alot for a title favorite
