L_hop::test
ArmyStrong734::I just can't believe people were believing the Heat were better off without Wade...
thebattousai99::never! Wade is the glue of this team!
Aicyla22::these people where not heat fans and/or bandwagon fans
marten20::The Heat's offense firepower consistently comes from their three main players, everyone else is inconsistent. Yes, the LeBron and Wade will be a problem, Bosh along with the other players can be shut down by the Bulls excellent defense. The Bulls have more consistence offensively and defensively off the bench. The Heat HAVE to blow teams out in order to get LeBron and Wade rest (which is important the closer we get to the playoffs) and even when they get a big lead, they give it up too easy with their defensive lapses. The Heat have never blew the Bulls out and in a playoff series this year, they are not going to be forced into a half court offense where they still struggle. Now LeBron in the post does concern me but again the Bulls rotating/help defense is so good it won't be a big problem. To be honest and fair, every Bulls player not named Rose has to play at their highest level but if they do, the Bulls are too much for Miami.
ArmyStrong734::It will come down to bench production.  Miami's starting rotation will outplay the Bulls starting rotation in the playoffs.  The Chicago bench will have to keep them in the game. *Heat's bench have better offense
Aicyla22::i disagree with you. its like your pleading your case as to why the bulls are better.  you shouldn't have to do that, it should speak for itself, and it doesn't.  if everyone plays to their highest level excluding rose?? sorry but rose needs to play at his highest level as well.  did you write this to convince yourself?
jonny0916::.
jonny0916::3-17 on the road is awesome
RunTheBall22::http://assets.diylol.com/hfs/3e6/f23/c27/resized/mj-meme-generator-hey-lebron-u-mad-6f3909.jpg?1308141552.jpg
jonny0916::3-17 road record wow
JK Belvi 2008::Boozer really wants to play defense but his feet just won't get him to the right spot.
draino25::typical duke player.
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Luol Deng is a pretty good defender.
FlawlessVictoryKid4.5::Boozer is clutch? <b>I HAD NO IDEA!<b>  </b></b>
brandonlee561heat::<sup>test</sup>
figuer25::1-2, 1-2
Please_Dont_Trade_Anymore_Marlins::Is this Bulls fan really calling Boozer clutch? SMH  Its incredible what homerism will do your line of thought...
marten20::Bulls fan: "Not at all."
Please_Dont_Trade_Anymore_Marlins::Then it's time to implement a sarcastic font. lol
mgm305::agreed
mgm305::The guy is being completely sarcastic lol
FlawlessVictoryKid4.5::Anytime you assume the Heat are gonna dominate...they tend to play like trash...similar to the level of their opponents.
JK Belvi 2008::Nope - If you saw the game last night, there's something different with a healthy Wade and using Chalmers more. Teams don't need to dominate - they just need to play well as a unit.
draino25::wade scoring and lebron running the team is working out quite well right now
Aicyla22::are you implying the NY game?
mgm305::They won't underperform with a game that has this much hype behind it
figuer25::true. Also Melo always plays well against Lebron
draino25::btw im still waiting to hear what wade accomplished when he was by himself in miami?
brandonlee561heat::ok..
Nba est le meilleur::Rose will carry and put this team on his back and lead them to a championship THIS YEAR. He has knocked down shots when they are needed the most, and free throws like last year in the ECF's. And we all know that no one can guard him, not even Lebron. He shoots's 67% when Lebron is on him.
afajardo23::Does'n't Lebron shut down Rose every time he guards him? It's tough to score on a dude who is just as quick, but 5" taller and 60lbs heavier than you.
hapatino::Whats the record the last 5 times these teams have played? Right  Miami 5-0 Bulls 0-5
heatdolphfan::r u kidding me
Please_Dont_Trade_Anymore_Marlins::Is this a joke?
Eternal_Sage::fourth quarter and those two ft's against miami really clutch *wink*
mgm305::Anyone else think the Heat are gonna keep their win streak by double digits going after tomorrow? Cause I do
figuer25::The knicks and Melo always show up when its a game like this. MIA is everyones favorite team to spoil the fun for. Everyone plays harder against MIA, EVERYONE. Teams on bad losing streaks, bad cehmistry, drama etc all somehow get it together when they play MIA so I expect a single digit game. Everytime Melo and Lebron play each other, its special
draino25::they should kill the knicks.
brandonlee561heat::Me either. I actually enjoyed the comptetitve game last night.
Aicyla22::i can't wait
JK Belvi 2008::Starting 5 - Heat Bench - Bulls Offense - Heat Defense - Bulls Outlook: The Heat have too much firepower night after night. In this series, the difference will be points scored - not allowed.
afajardo23::The disparity between Miami and Chicago is so much this year that every Bulls player not named Rose has to play at their highest level just to make it a series with Miami this year.  By series, I mean win more than 1 game against the Heat - which is what they did last year.  The Bulls only added Rip Hamilton from last year, whereas the Heat added Battier, Coles and will have a healthy Udonis and Miller this time around.   This Bulls team reminds me a lot of the old Heat teams with Zo and Hardaway, not in the make up of the teams, but in that they're well coached, play suffocating &amp; relentless defense, and grind out games. I think the fact that they kill themselves throughout the whole season will come back to bite them in the playoffs just like it did with those old Heat teams who didn't have much left in the tank come May/June.
marten20::The Heat's offense firepower consistently comes from their three main players, everyone else is inconsistent. Yes, the LeBron and Wade will be a problem, Bosh along with the other players can be shut down by the Bulls excellent defense. The Bulls have more consistence offensively and defensively off the bench. The Heat HAVE to blow teams out in order to get LeBron and Wade rest (which is important the closer we get to the playoffs) and even when they get a big lead, they give it up too easy with their defensive lapses. The Heat have never blew the Bulls out and in a playoff series this year, they are not going to be forced into a half court offense where they still struggle. Now LeBron in the post does concern me but again the Bulls rotating/help defense is so good it won't be a big problem. To be honest and fair, every Bulls player not named Rose has to play at their highest level but if they do, the Bulls are too much for Miami.
Eternal_Sage::bulls do not have the better bench not with miller and haslem both healthy plus cole
JK Belvi 2008::All 3 are good. But, the Bulls have a better bench as a unit.
draino25::i would say the heat has better defense considering they have beaten the bulls 5 times in a row
JK Belvi 2008::Maybe - but the Bulls can't win with their defense with the Heat's firepower unless the defensive Gods fall from the sky. They will have to win with their offense.
Eternal_Sage::Hi Aiycla!
Eternal_Sage::aww
Aicyla22::Hi :)
Aicyla22::busy day at work today :(
brandonlee561heat::What's up uhleeshuh
Aicyla22::Hi :)
Nba est le meilleur::Boozer like he has always done will come through BIG TIME in the playoffs. Kill Bosh and anyone in his way. Boozer is all about trying to win Chicago a championship. Never about the money.
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Sarcasm at its best
mgm305::lol i see what you did there
JK Belvi 2008::He better play the best playoff series of his life - and play defense "throughout" the playoffs.
brandonlee561heat::"Like he has always done". Like sitting on the bench at the end of game 5 last year?
brandonlee561heat::I hope so
mgm305::He's kidding
JK Belvi 2008::There isn't a team in the NBA that can beat the Heat. As much as many of us hate to say it - there's no reason they shouldn't win the championship barring an injury to Wade or James. They are completely unpredictable on offense that can explode at any time. There's not a team in the league that can touch that or respond to that during a 7-game series. And, even worse - they know it. And, you can see it when they play....Starting 5 at 50% shooting? 3's at over 40%. Chalmers the "X" factor now as a "4th" option? 2nd year playing as a unit? yada yada yada...
figuer25::It was the same thing last year. I am a MIA fan, but I dont even talk w confidence no more. The only thing that stopped MIA lastyear was MIA. Most of the blame can be put on Lebron as he is the OBVIOUS target but let me point out somethings that went wrong...  - Haslem playing in the 4th insteadof Joell Anthony (who constantly forced dirk to start the game shooting terrible) (Bad Coaching) - Bibby putting up the WORST player efficiency rating in the HISTORY of the NBA during the finals (Bibbys fault) - James Jones not getting any playing time against a zone (Bad coaching) - Lebron looking like he wasnt trying (After wade called em out in game 2 - Lebrons fault) - Not adjusting to the way Dallas was playing them (Bad coaching) - Mike Miller couldnt make a damn shot (Millers fault...injury maybe) - No bench contribution  As we have seen this year, how many games has Bosh had like 8 pts or 10 pts or shot terrible and MIA still wins? WHY cause the bench does their part and Bron and Wade do enough to cover Chris Bosh. When Lebron struggled last year the bench sucked and Wade and Bosh put up their avgerages, neither of them stepped up and Had Lebrons back.  Bottom line is, MIA let Dallas steal all those games late, bad execution, bad coaching, and bad play by Lebron (or lack of play) and terrible reserves. MIA was still in control of that series if Lebron plays like Lebron, even if the bench is missing but Lebron has mental issues. I m not sure what they are but thats what kept MIA from winning. Lebrons mental problems can show up once again as dominant as they have been this year. Maybe MIA still wins because the bench is playing well and the role players but there is a chance something "weird" happens again
Nba est le meilleur::RIP is that guy who can score at will any time he want to. He is what the Bull's need to get pass Miami. Rip at his age can take anyone to the basket, draw fouls and stop anyone on defense.
brandonlee561heat::Sarcastic, right?
mgm305::C'mon lets be real here...
brandonlee561heat::"Always healthy". Now I know you are being sarcastic.
Aicyla22::I read that wrong and thought he was saying   rest in peace to that guy who can score at will any time he wants to...
Nba est le meilleur::Never, RIP is always healthy, and will help Rose bring Miami to their knees
Eternal_Sage::once again silly bull fans have to use the mavs because they know their team can't beat miami
mgm305::Its funny how haters like to bring up last years finals but then when we bring up the 06 finals they say don't bring up the past lol
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Pretty much all of these boards/comments are huge contradictions.
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Ehh. I know if they played again in the ECF it would be some great basketball. I think either team can beat one another. Some fans just have bias towards their team.
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Yeah. I guess we can play the "we'll have to wait and see" card.
brandonlee561heat::I will give the Bulls credit, they are a good team. I just dont see them getting to the Finals. Especially if they can not beat teams like Indiana or Philly, consistently.
RunTheBall22::lol. so if your not a mavs fan you cant talk about what happened in the finals?. are outside fans even allowed to watch the finals if your team is not in it? duhhhhh derrrrr duhhhh
Eternal_Sage::Lol the moment you can educate me on anything is the moment the world ends
RunTheBall22::dude you make no sense and are just blind to whats goin on out side of the heat, that much is very clear. got to go but I'll be back to educate you later
Eternal_Sage::When you have ot use another team to try and make you think your team can't be the one to stop them is the band wagon part run. Yeah mavs beat miami last year? you know what I can say for sure with the bench being better and everyone healthy, miami wouldn't lose the mavs.  however you have yet to show one thing why the bulls would beat miami
brandonlee561heat::It's ok to jump ship and become a Mav's fan, If i was a bulls fan I know I could accept the fact that as long as bron plays in the eastern conference the bulls will not have shot at a Finals appearence.
brandonlee561heat::Sad to say the least. I figured the Bulls fans would now be Mav's fan's.
redsoxfan4ever2009::Is it true D. Wade cuts Lebrons steak at dinner time ???
RunTheBall22::and he chews it up for him.
RunTheBall22::why did Lebron choke in the Finals? because Dirk walked up to him and said SHUT IT DOWN!!!!!!!!!!!! LETS GO HOME!!!!!!!!!!!!  and that's just what Lebron did
brandonlee561heat::That must have been the same thing Lebron said to Rose before he took those two dreaded free throw attempt's earlier this year.
brandonlee561heat::That's about as credible as you saying "DRose is tough" hahahah
RunTheBall22::thtas funny because Lebron missed his own that would have sealed the game.  moron. you think a heat fan would know that
RunTheBall22::Lebron went to Wade. so who needed who?
ManhattanHarlem::Wade stayed because Lebron came.
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Oh Im sure Wade knew way before the public did.
chitwnwest::as if they never talked, D Wade was on tour like a music artist, chasing FA
Eternal_Sage::nah wade stayed regardless. he got bosh before lebron even came
chitwnwest::because the city of Cleveland sucks....you forget all those threats Wade to Pat Riley and him not signing a extension
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::They both need Eddie Curry
RunTheBall22::well everyone needs Curry.
FlawlessVictoryKid4.5::Wade needed LBJ? Heck no.  LBJ needs Wade to win his first ring, so he will know what it is like to be a Champion.   Outta here with that.
figuer25::Wade msised the playoffs some years and got an early first round exit every year Lebron wasnt there or he didnt have Shaq while Lebron went to the finals twice w out a second star and had to battle the two best defensive teams since Him and Wade joined the NBA (Pistons and Celtics)
ManhattanHarlem::yeah... because the heat were perennial beast with Wade alone....
draino25::wade was nothing for the 4 years prior to lebron coming fact
chitwnwest::ask Pat Riley ..Miami was Washington Wizards of the east
chitwnwest::are you blind
fresh3155::D-Wade needed Shaq
tgtg31::Shaq needed D-Wade and Kobe for his rings.  No one player in NBA history has won a championship by themselves.....not even the best of all time
draino25::good your comments are ridiculous anyway...thanks for not filling up the board with idiotic comments anymore.
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::No one is going to win a championship by themselves. You need decent role players to play with your superstar (or two).
fresh3155::Ha I mean took at TIm Tebow...he even had Jesus on his side and he couldnt win one
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Screw winning a championship, Jesus couldnt even make him a top 30 QB
fresh3155::D-Wade obviously got the Heat to their current record and standings while he wasn't playing...the Heat have proven this year..if D-Wade doesnt play..the team just tanks and has one of the worst records in the league....but wait a minute...thats not right the other guy had played every game this season and the team is 1st place....that is just weird
brandonlee561heat::7-1 without Wade. 1-0 without James.
draino25::1-0 without james and wade.  never won a game with wade and no lebron
ManhattanHarlem::Lebron made both Cleveland and Miami contenders.  This time he has an actual supporting cast.  Miami will win a title or two and it will be because of Lebron.
RunTheBall22::and Wade and Bosh, and three point shooting and Wade closing out games because Lebron is the Frozen one. if they even win one
ManhattanHarlem::Same ole regurgitated nonsense.  Lebron makes this team go.
FlawlessVictoryKid4.5::Pffft...Miami only needs to find a poor mans LBJ, and Wade,Bosh and the Heat would get the title. Wade has already proven he can win a ring without LBJ already. This Miami team is more stacked than they have ever been...let's be real here.
draino25::wade needed lebron more than lebron needed wade,  all lebron wanted was a running mate in cleveland and they didnt give him anyone relevant.
draino25::wade has already proven that he cant win without lebron, not even in the regular season, when wade is there and lebron isnt they havetn won a game...wade proved he could win with a ton of talent and a healthy shaq, once he was by himself he and the heat were irrelevant...lets be real here
RunTheBall22::He won a ring. thats more than Lebron ever did and you think he is so great.
chitwnwest::nothing, his free agent year ..he was threatening Pat Riley he was outta there
draino25::what else did wade do other than the 06 season?
RunTheBall22::one series in his entire carer? lol you clearly don't know what your talking about.
chitwnwest::James is the best thing to happen to Wade, Miami is forgetting the guy was gonna bail on them like D Howard
chitwnwest::that was 6 years ago lol
draino25::how did they get there?  yeah ok he took over one series in his entire career, after that season they did nothing and no one even knew who wade was anymore because miami barely made it into the playoffs with .500 records.  without lebron coming to miami wade wouldnt be anything special anymore because he cant do it by himself.
chitwnwest::besides that he's not that 06 player ...Chicago would love to go against Wade and MIami vs James being the man..he's the one guy who really can't be stopped
RunTheBall22::you moron. Wade took over in the finals and won that ring. thats what made him a superstar. not old man shaq
FlawlessVictoryKid4.5::Put a "poor mans LBJ"...or heck...get a good center (like Dwight) and put him next to Wade and Bosh and the Heat would get the title.
ballsohard8::cmon lets switch to the miami new york game
clippsallday::Clippers nd Heat finalss
clippsallday::Clippers nd Heat finals
clippsallday::Clippers nd Heat finals
clippsallday::Clippers vs Heat... Finalss
clippsallday::Lol my bad the Heat might now be there....
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Haha, nice.
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::(spits water all over monitor)
cookiemonster2433::$@%! the heat
cookiemonster2433::$@%! the heat
FlawlessVictoryKid4.5::Wade is Miami....the loyal superstar on HIS team...he is the Heat's closer to boot. If Wade shows up in the Finals...like we know he will...no way Miami is gonna give LBJ the title ..as he will be sitting on the bench. Besides after what LBJ did last week...he put a lot of doubt in his loyalty even with Miami...that's not just gonna be tossed under the rug. LBJ will probably quit on purpose this time in the Finals if Wade performs too well, and then he will jump ship again not too soon afterwards.
draino25::ask any basketball expert or just listen to the ones on tv.  they all say the same thing.  until wade realizes that this isnt his team anymore they wont win.  lebron is the better player, its his team.  1 of two things need to happen, wade comes back to reality or james just takes it from him.
draino25::and until that happens they wont win unless they are just killing teams
chitwnwest::James defers to him way too much when Wade himself says your the man its your show"
RunTheBall22::Yeah it's Lebrons team when they have a big lead. lol  how bout showing up in the 4th before you call it his team.
draino25::wade can score 50 a game in the finals, unless lebron is also playing great they dont win.  wade isnt good enough to carry anybody anywhere and he proved that with all of his failures in miami.
fresh3155::I love D Wade but its because he is always hurt in the regular season...the guy has fresh legs come playoff time.  LBJ carries that team for the full season and look at how they are meshing this year....
chitwnwest::dude please I love D Wade, but you could trade him and still be fine, but no James is like no D Rose= no chance
draino25::wade showed up last year and they came away with nothing...like i said they dont win unless lebron performs...just like wade hasnt won a game without james in the lineup
draino25::didnt have west his last year and jamison came at the end of the season and sucked.
fresh3155::Sorry LBJ couldnt win a championship with Delonte West and Antawn Jamison...the guy really does suck
fresh3155::Yeah he won it with SHAQ who has 4...so basically one of the best centers to play the game.  It must have been tough to have that help on his team...its like having a LeBron
draino25::wade won a championship with a healthy shaq and a butt load of other talent, once he was by himself him and the heat became invisible
chitwnwest::he's not that guy, different player and opponents also playing on a much different team
FlawlessVictoryKid4.5::Wade has won a championship without LBJ.
RunTheBall22::Good thing we still have Kobe and younger guys like Rose and  Durant. if not the NBA would be so soft. guys like Miller, Jordan , and Barkley. it must make them sick to see how soft and friendly it's become. Lebrons fault.
Eternal_Sage::rose is tough? since when?
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::I mean I get it. You dont like the Bulls. Athletes in every sport miss time because of Turf Toe. From what I understand, its not a fun thing to have.
brandonlee561heat::I give him credit, most players would probably miss a month or two with a 3rd degree toe stub.
RunTheBall22::only a heat fan would ask that. lol
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::You have to give him a little credit. Guy is constantly driving to the hole and crashing into guys a lot bigger than him.
ballsohard8::durant cant be tough bc hes 150 pounds
brandonlee561heat::Since he sat out with 3rd degree toe stub, heh
42Wolverine21::them chicago fans don even got toilets it bein no wonder they in such a cranky mood
floridapantherare1::chicago fans
brandonlee561heat::there isnt much to do in Chicago except walk around a Jewel Osco.
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Your sentences are the reason we are cranky. I had to change this because my grammar was just as bad. Whoops
sportsguy9433::Thunder VS Heat FInals.
draino25::please no i would like to enjoy some good basketball in the finals.  dont want a sweep
brandonlee561heat::*Spurs
chitwnwest::drafting players in their prime Pip comes way before Wade not James but before Wade and Bosh and Kobe
_misterfurious::Pippen was not a better player than Wade or Lebron or Kobe. Bosh yes - but none of the others.
chitwnwest::I would start my franchise with Pippen before Wade, Bosh, and Kobe, because like James his intangibles make guys better and winning is easier with him on the floor then those guys ..
Fianchetto Scatollaro::Fun Fact: Bulls never lost an NBA Finals series
Eternal_Sage::fun fact bulls haven't been to the  finals in almost 20 years
cookiemonster2433::you've been served
IAMLUKEWALTON::haha they did not go to the Finals in 74. Go back to hockey.
sportsguy9433::Fun Fact: Brian Scallbreine is a boss
Eternal_Sage::fun fact, bulls haven't  made it to the finals in 14 years
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Bulls were really good at drafting players in those 14 years...
floridapantherare1::1974?
chitwnwest::thats the conference finals
Fianchetto Scatollaro::What about 1974?
floridapantherare1::heat&gt;hornets
FlawlessVictoryKid4.5::Wade thought this out perfectly. The dude's legacy is gonna be legit if the Heat win some more. LBJ on the other hand...smh. Well he has been entertaining in the regular season for these many years...you gotta give him that.
draino25::so take the talent away from wade and they are barely a winning team yet lebron does so much more with a lot less in cleveland and your still thinking wade is the better player?  wade got his ring the same way kobe got his first 3, a very talented team around him and shaq, lebron never had anything like that in cleveland
fresh3155::Or just how bad of a man a healthy Shaq was...Kobe got half his rings being the second option on the Lakers behind Diesel and then he went to Miami and help D Wade do it.   LBJ will win, but then what happens according to Skip about people not being great until they win...so is D Rose bad, or Kevin Durrant?  And both those players have some pretty good help on their teams...but no one ever hates him them for playing with other good players
lawrencetarheels::who has the championship on the heat again? oh yea i think
Eternal_Sage::wade averaged over 45+ win seasons with a high school squad
fresh3155::The NBA East is garage a lot of the time..teams with under .500 records are making the playoffs...so most teams in the East played with high school teams when Wade was on his own
draino25::wade was barely putting together .500 seasons before lebron got there...if their is any legacy for wade its because lebron and bosh came to join him and made him relevant again.
lawrencetarheels::who has the championship on the heat again? oh yeah i think its dwade come on now he did more than enough for them to win last year but somebody else forgot to show up.
42Wolverine21::lebron as cool as cucumbers in spite these potsies makin dudu claims
IAMLUKEWALTON::you know 41Wolverine21 you are as cool as cucumbers.
brandonlee561heat::15+ years since the Bulls have been relevant. Now I understand why you guys are so sour.
brandonlee561heat::It's just been a decade and a half since you have been to one, I understand your hostility now.
dawnadrake::And it just been 8 months since you CHOKED one away.
dawnadrake::And never CHOKED away a Finals let alone lost one
mich9181::let alone make it to the finals....
dawnadrake::We're pretty relevant this year and last year
chitwnwest::BULLS finished first last year when predicted by many 3rd so whats ya point
floridapantherare1::go heat bulls stink
RunTheBall22::thought you didn't talk about the past. whats up with that lee?
brandonlee561heat::i just realized you guys must be anxious to become relevant again.
Fianchetto Scatollaro::Bigger bandwagon fanbase the Miami Heat "fanbase" or last seasons newfound Packers "fanbase"?
IAMLUKEWALTON::Well the Miami Heat "fanbase" is still growing. It will be GIANT if they win this year.
floridapantherare1::jacory harris<b>&gt;<b>RG3</b></b>
Pound Them Hoes Daily Bro::Lebron gagged in the NBA finals harder than his Mom did on Delonte West dick.  Fact people, just the facts.
RunTheBall22::and the haters can't handle the truth. -- thats my best heat fan impersonation
FlawlessVictoryKid4.5::So you better hope to God Wade doesn't win another Finals M.V.P....because when that happens...we can OFFICIALLY say LBJ is Pippen 100%. Heck if Bosh gets the Finals M.V.P. somehow...it's gonna be even worse...lol.
lawrencetarheels::we know wade would have won the finals mvp last year if they had won and im sure wade will make a pretty good case for it again this year when the heat win!!! haha
_misterfurious::I love how people use a Pippen comparison as some sort of insult - it's pure ignorance to ignore how great Scottie Pippen was.
chitwnwest::touche'
draino25::yeah michael got the mvp's but how many titles did he win before scottie got there?
dawnadrake::How many did Lebron lose with Wade and Bosh?
chitwnwest::dont diminish Scottie like that, theres not a player in today's NBA who is complete like Scottie and is successful
draino25::they proved last year they couldnt win without lebron dominating so whats the difference this year?
dawnadrake::I really think that's why Lebron didn't show up.  He'd rather lose than have Wade get MVP.
draino25::if the heat are going to win a title its going to be because of lebron not in spite of
FlawlessVictoryKid4.5::No it won't...lol.
