balltillifall_88::i CANT BELIEVE the grizzlies dropped this game. i dont understand what is going on with them. this was going to be such a promising year for them. it still can, but they need to step it up. all of these losses started happening when zbo returned to the lineup, but i dont think that is the reason. i honestly think the team is fatigued. mike conley and marc gasol play HUGE minutes, and it seems like all of these losses started happening when they had the overtime and then double overtime games in a row. and a lack of practice time has really hurt them this year. the core is the same, but we have alot of new guys playing significant roles. cunningham, pondexter, speights, arenas, etc. the grizzlies have went from 3rd in the conference to dropping out of the playoffs if they lose tonight. hopefully its time for some GRIT AND GRIND tonight against the lakers!  and PS. thank you blake griffin, for reminding me why it is that i HATE you. you act like an immature spoiled brat on the court. how about growing up and being just a tad bit humble? and what was up with the offensive flops? OJ mayo barely even touched him and he jumped UP and flew into gasol. the only one who deserved a flagrant foul on that play was blake griffin. you can tell his teammates are even getting sick of it. i cant wait til he hurts himself over barely getting touched then jumping 5 feet up in the air into the stands.
angelinas sultry thigh::Like Del Negro had anything to do with this win ...
BarbaraBlockLikeMotumbo::FIRE DEL NEGRO!
ArtieSullivan::Clippers are 3 - 1 vs Lakers  look forward to the next ... hopefully with a new coach.
Soonerhopeful1::Skip Bayless is a   " Liar "... He says " I watched almost all Griffins college games.. He's lying...  He is and has been  anti Griffin from the start..You know Skip bayless is a sure liar, when he suggests that Griffin is not over 6' 7" tall.  No one, not one person watching Griffin through college would suggest he is only 6'7'..   ! duh.        Every Center and PF, will assure Skip (the truth) Bayless, that Griffin is a big guy.. Only arrogant, self 0bsorbved mouth pieces like Bayless, can suggest Griffin is over rated... And he is supposed to an informed " Professional"....  He proved that is not the case..   Skip will crash with his Griffin diatribe.
Sons Keeper::I guess Del Negro has hit that 2 or 3 loss &amp; out phase. The Clips are gonna have to put a string of 4 straight wins for him to establish some semblence of job security again... 7 out of next 8... somethin. Blake has proved himself to be soft, immensely talented (more than just a dunker) but very soft hearted.
BarrelRider04::You people calling Griffin overrated are f ing ignorant!! When you average 21 and 11 it doesn't make sense to call him overrated morons!! Of course his game is still a work in progress, yes he does whine and flop a lot, but surely the guy is a force. Stop crying about him only dunking. He puts up the numbers. If you don't like his game then surely you have a right to not like it. But to call him overrated makes yourself look like a ignorant fool.
Rand0687::Sounds like you're taking the opinions of a bunch of strangers very personally. That's useful.
leonsearcy::overated is an opinion---be on notice that if you have an opinion different from barrellrider04 then you are offically an ignorant moron
LeoPat11::Bulls win again!!!
Hunter Malice::It's obvious that Del Negro is gonna need to go before this team can be successful on a championship level. Might as well do it now.  http://huntermalice.blogspot.com/
mjbradespieman::Sources have said that Kobe took Sessions out for dinner after last nights game. Witnesses at the Outback Steakhouse have quoted Kobe as saying " Who do you think you are and what the hell do you think you were doing out there tonight ? this is my team, i call the shots and i take the shots. You're just here to pass me the damn ball... Apparently Sessions said sorry. Then they shared cheese fries.
Rand0687::At an Outback? Come on, dude...you could've had a better setting for your story.
convolutedthought::lame and pathetic
9-11 Lies::Clips! Arenas is bad luck! WTF you thinking of hiring him?! LMAO!
venerican1::they didn't
ArtieSullivan::Clippers are better then the Lakers.    Yes, the Lakers are performing better now, yes they have a better record now.  But lets see how'd they perform without Bryant or Gasol or Bynum.    That's exactly what the Clippers are facing without Billups. Take away one of the Big 3 from the beloved Lakers and watch that organization fall off the map.    Clippers handicapped match the Lakers, but with Billups they make em an after thought.
balltillifall_88::as important as billups is, and as much as i like him, dont compare him to the importance of bryant and bynum. or gasol for that matter. thats just making excuses.
wahzoo5::LMAO Billups is a big 3?  Off the bench? LMAO!!!
Ashley Fox Works The Shaft::Are you really trying to compare Chauncey Billups to Kobe, Gasol, and Bynum? He's not even close to being on the same level as any of those guys and I like Chauncey.
BlacknSilverNationRidesAgain::LMFAO.....................................CLIPPER FANS
b0xhead69::As both a Clipper and Laker fan, (yes we exist), the Lakers adding Sessions is huge.   I smell a Lakers title run.  If Billups did not go down, the Clippers would be right there as well....
Brendan Bwady::clippers suck
Allen6338::no Laker fan is jealous of the FLippers are you crazy how many championships have your team won:(
wahzoo5::Clippers are 4-6 in their last 10 games, just because by the Clippers standards that's an increase.  Doesn't make them better than the Lakers.  Wait til the Clippers get into a 7 game series, they have a lot of holes and weaknesses.  They'll all be exposed.   You're only chance at any play off success is that Fat Albert can get into shape by then and carry the team to a couple wins.
ArtieSullivan::jealous laker fan watching his team decline lol
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Watching his team decline? Last time I checked the standings, the Lakers were still winning the division.
ApolloBravo::I can't stand how the NBA Is babying Blake. It's fckin stupid.
Allen6338::He always trying to dunk on professional basketball players and he lacks total all around play but because Stern the nut gave him Paul the chubby  they cator to Griffin and his lousy team!.THE FLIPPERS CLIPPERS:)
NBA_refs_are_weak::explain?
balltillifall_88::for one, he barely got touched by OJ mayo then jumped UP into the air with wreckless abandon right into gasol. then the grizzlies get a flagrant foul? the only one who deserved a flagrant foul there would be griffin. for his UNNECESSARY CONTACT. he is such a immature little brat on the court. then on top of that, he RUNS at the official, taking his mouthpiece out, SCREAMING cuss words that everybody in the arena can hear, and doesnt even get a technical? ridiculous. if that would of been tony allen or zach randolph running and cussing and flinging their arms at the official they would have got a technical, or maybe even an ejection. griffin needs to grow up and realize he wont be able to jump high for his entire career.
Jg2.o::Thankfully the roster and playing time of the Olympic Squad will not be determined by the fans.
Jg2.o::Blake is the biggest punk in the league.
convolutedthought::lol hits the perimeter.....blake griffin? reallie what are you smoking
ArtieSullivan::watch a game before you comment you closet laker fan the kid hits the perimeter like its no ones business and hes learning the free throw  too many jealous punks trying to avoid the poster imo
Jg2.o::No wonder he gets hacked so much - he can't hit a shot outside of 7 feet and barely makes half his free throws.  He b!tches, flops, drops the ball instead of handing it to the ref, wins cheesy rigged dunk contest for purposes of Kia car commercials, has no game and has in fact digressed this season. He's voted as a starter in the ASG, has Espn and the league in his jock(I know, that's not necessarily his fault); and appears to be negatively influenced by Chris Paul (see on court behavior)  It just never ends.....
NBA_refs_are_weak::are you kidding me? some of the fouls hes taken here, hes had every right to just start swinging. the fact hes kept his composure makes him a bigger man than me. idk how he does it mentally, but kudos to him. that being said, if this keeps up, SOMEONE is going to have a broken jaw, and I wont be blaming blake for it
balltillifall_88::and on top of that, even his teammates know he is faking all of those flops. both times it happened in last nights game, the clippers walked to BLAKE GRIFFIN and put their arm in front of him without even looking at him, as if they are embarrassed and baby sitting. and what i say is 100% true, watch the replays. if the grizz had actually fouled him hard enough to make him jump UP the opposite direction, sideways, into marc gasol, then his teammates would have had his back. BUT THEY DIDNT. even they can see through the exaggerations.
balltillifall_88::you are an idiot and obviously dont even pay attention. OJ mayo barely even touched griffin, then he flew UP into the AIR into marc gasol. anybody with half a brain could tell that that little forearm shove from mayo wouldnt send griffin at 20 mph sideways into marc gasol. come on man. then on the arenas play, he barely even touched him, then he landed, THEN he jumped 10 feet sideways into the stands. i cant wait until he gets hurt by his own offensive flopping.
Sollam4456::If Clippers wanted Del Negro fired they can hire George Zimmerman. George has one Negro fired on his resume.
sSurgical::BIG BROTHER IS DISAPPOINTED CLIPPERS
nahbb::nba fantasy draft all players are eligible where would u guys put kobe?   this site had him 14th seems to low tho... http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/
Chip_Douglas_69::Clippers "behind" vinny del negro, as in behind him and ready to push him off a cliff.
SOURCES-::Chris Broussard has lost his readers.  His job is in jeopardy.
goalie1113::Blake griffin is the most overrated player in the league by far...  edit: well maybe not bar far, danny granger is up there as well...
convolutedthought::lol blake hadnt added any dimension to his game he is just a 1 trick pony
NBA_refs_are_weak::and thats fine if you think that, just remember that has nothing to do with blake. if you're annoyed by it, blame the media and the people doing it. remember blake is simply putting his head down and working every night. get angry at the right people
GASC72::please tell us whats so overrated about 21/11 every night?
DidYouSeeThat36::When did dunking become a bad thing?
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::All he does is dunk
crazyjapo::theres a new team in town. watch out lakers. the clippers actually won a game.haha
Allen6338::I will take Kobe over Griffin anyday jack a s s :)
roger_z0::Kobe hog
2012WrestlingStateChampion::lakers or grizzlies 2morow who u got????????
roger_z0::Ur mom
greenmagnum::lakers
fifty tyson::If you air ball 2 free throws in a row... kill yourself
Georger lives byeatches::Um, ok kiddo
MWilson86::If Del Negro doesnt change his name, he should be arrested for a hate crime.
uponthemountain::Didn't watch,was Griffin ok tonight since that big bully put that  terrible smack down on him the other game?
suzyscooter::If Blake shoots more basketballs than commercials, the Clips might win a few more games
DaftShadow::Donald Sterling is too cheap to fire and hire a new coach for the Clips this season. He'll ride out VND's contract this season instead even if it will cost the Clips to miss the playoffs. Cheapskate.
Georger lives byeatches::good for them, gotta love the good guys of LA, not to mention this helped my Rockets
taran452::The reason because of del negro's last name cause he went to queens and said the N word. AND you know what happen... King of the Black People true story
rayfinkle178::Vinny the Black is a great coach
royboy1978::Grizz need to get out of this funk and fast!!!!!!
smoofypk::Vinny del Negro should be coach of the year with the way he has helped this team string together a 1 game winning streak in the face of adversity. Amazing!
Nole2008::Feel bad for Vinny Del Negro. This team was 19-29 after 48 games last season. They're  27-21 now and these players want him gone. Did the Clippers forget that they're the CLIPPERS? Be happy with the strides you've taken this season after where you were in 2011, don't act entitled like you've fallen from grace with being at 27-21 and 4TH PLACE in the West.
diditravel::Ramon Sessions FIRST start highlights!!!! dude can balll!!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9xvIH247fk
diditravel::Ramon Sessions!!! dude can balll!!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9xvIH247fk
Doc3357::The hating on Del Negro is typical of beat writers who dog coaches who've never won a ring. I'm a big Doc Rivers fan, but I've seen him make mistakes just like coaches who've never won a title. Rings don't make you immune from error.
Guitar Bob::I don't think that's the reason.  Del Negro is really a bad coach to coach such a start studded (and young) team like the Clippers are today.  Same thing with Mike Brown, he's just not the right guy to coach the Lakers.
diditravel::Ramon Sessions!!! dude can balll!!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9xvIH247fk
03memberofsociety::Nick Young was clearly the difference today.
Miami_Marlins-2012::"Clips, Del Negro end 3-game skid"  Do coaches now play in the games?
9587greg::What's up with CP3, I thought he was brought in to change things around for the clips. Isn't he the savior?
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Since this is a Clippers vs. Grizzlies board. I'll want to say good win Clips over the teady bears, clips showed why no team is worried about them with or with out zbo. I know that 23 point sting still stings but hey y'all had a good game today.
Smile_kkkk::Finally damn clippers
Go Laker Nation::When your favorite superstar wins as many rings as Kobe we can talk
Celtics17Banners::And my favorite is bill Russell. The 11 time champ
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::That's what I thought, cat has your tongue.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Mine is Jordan( he has 6 rings) so let's talk then. If rings are the measuring stick then MJ is better.  Deal with it, you are the one saying rings are everything.
Ihatebandwagons::Laker/Kobe haters = someone mad they couldn't find a woman to see the Hunger Games with them... Sad face.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::So does D.Fisher, so he just as good as Kobe by your logic. Rings are just apart of the game not the whole game. If they are the measuring stick then MJ is the best.
Ihatebandwagons::With that I say farewell. Keep hating losers won't change the fact Lakers have a truck load of championships and Kobe's got five.
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans::Again, 5 of those Championships don't belong in L.A.  But of course, my name says it all.
NoThanks2U_8::Lakers suck and will lose in the 1st round (if they make the playoffs) then Kobe will have a hissy fit wanting to get traded... again
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::This kid has been living under the rock since 2005
truesportfanman::Get back in the kitchen and finish the dishes.
Ihatebandwagons::Oh man have heard this before from people who don't watch basketball I think it was in 2008 and 2009 and 2010... Whoops.
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans::They go to the 2nd round. Is that all you remember? I wonder why. ROFLAMO.
Ihatebandwagons::They got to the second round... Watch basketball.... ROFLAMO!
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans::I believe you also forgot 2011. Oh yeah, 2011 doesn't exist in your world. ROFLAMO.
Ihatebandwagons::Love a Clippers vs. Grizzles board gets dominated by cry babies who can't handle the fact Kobe has five rings. Get over it and watch basketball.
Ihatebandwagons::Hey whatever if they want to stop living in the past let them... Most thought Lakers would struggle to make the top 8 without Paul or Howard... Oops.
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans::Kobrick is overrated.
Go Laker Nation::but people are saying rings dont matter and to stop living in the past....  they must know what they are talking about
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans::Yeah Rings does matters.. Horry has 7 &gt; Kobrick has 5.
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans::Why is it that the Refs are always to blame when the Lakers won a "win-or-go-home-game"?
Go Laker Nation::b/c people dont like it when superior teams beat their teams
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans::My team? What happened to your team in the 2nd round of last year's playoff?
Go Laker Nation::im sorry your team was smashed by the Lakers
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans::You mean because people don't like to see the Lakers shooting like 40 more free-throw than their opponents in the 2nd half of a win or go home game.
Ihatebandwagons::It's called your imagination. Take your pills you're way too mad for a saturday.
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans::You.
Ihatebandwagons::Nevermind you're obviously a teen girl who is bitter about her weight and acting out. Who else would use "ROFLAMO"?
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans::your sentence suggest that you should take your own advice. ROFLAMO.
NoThanks2U_8::Kobrick multiple eggs during the playoffs. Lakers WAS a great team, but Kobe was overhyped,  Game 6 of the 2003 Spurs series: Lakers eliminated in a 32-point blowout (Kobe scores 20, commits seven turnovers).  • Game 3, Game 4 and Game 5 of the 2004 Finals: Kobe went 4-for-13, 8-for-25 and 7-for-21 as the Pistons finished off L.A.  • Game 7 of the 2006 Suns series: Lakers lose by 32, Kobe mysteriously stops shooting in the second half in a rarely seen $@% You To My Teammates performance.  • Game 4 of the 2008 Finals: Boston rallies back from 25 down to win in L.A. Kobe finishes 6-for-19.  • Game 6 of the 2008 Finals: Boston wins the title with a 39-point blowout, Kobe goes 7-for-22.
Sugarinmytank::sound like you enjoy spending your time looking stuff up....you must have a great life.
NoThanks2U_8::thank u @clutchballa
clutchballa06::Just because the things he says are supported by facts doesn't mean that he doesn't have a life. Get real
