choate_sedition::Im not sure Kyrie Irving is a point guard who makes the players around him better.  He's much more of a Russell Westbrook, Derrick Rose type vs. Chris Paul, Steve Nash type.  Without another superstar or a team  built to play D and let him score, the Cavs are going nowhere.
Been through the wars::Cleveland f-ing sucks. You were supposed to turn the corner with Kyrie. You're just another WAS with John Wall, you suck!
CamOverRG3::Hawks are NBA's most underrated team
MaurkicePounceySucks::They're the biggest joke come playoffs.
Go Lakers.::idiot
Poor Oregon::Kyrie Irving is overrated
HunterF4444::You mean Rubio?
DrawohWasHere::I think T Wolf fans get upset with the wrong person/team when they realize they are still a lottery team... AND with all that supposed talent they have.   They look at a typical Kyrie game, see that he continues to shine and yet all they have to say is "he's overrated".    Ticked once again they got D. Williams and we had the good sense to draft Uncle Drew.  Also, I might point out that most Cav fans realize we still stink.    You put Kyrie on the Twolves and they are a PO team.    Rubio on the Cavs and we stink worse cause not only is there no one for Ricky to get easy assists, he can't score.
HunterF4444::Kyrie is great on offense but he let Teague put up 27 on him. He needs to step up on D.
Erasisn::Cavs just need more players. I saw the game when they beat the Hawks here and I was like this team plays hard and smart basketball. People are generally impressed with the Cavs play, but they need the talent.
DrawohWasHere::agree, but until he gets some help, it's tough for the 19/20 y.o. to do it all.    Score and be the defensive stopper.
orange_63::anybody know how many years the cavs sucked before they drafted lebron? or were they bad just for that one year?.......lol
DrawohWasHere::depends on what you mean by sucking.    There are many that thought the Cavs sucked when they had the King (pukes a little).
ben25245::Dan Gilbert how my @SS taste? -LeBron
JohnsonnnL::Cavs are following the OKC model on how to build a winning team.
JrueRandallHoliday::Not if they keep wasting number 4 picks I mean come on... Thompson and Waiters???
152Dean::Yeah but how much quality of NCAAB players are there? This next draft seems like it will be weak..
DrawohWasHere::That draft was probably the deepest (still too soon to really tell) I've seen in the last ten years in terms of having good solid NBA players.   A lot of teams benefited from that draft.  You remember how bad everyone said that draft was going to be?
iWitnessAccount::um no. not star power but deep.
DrawohWasHere::That's what they say every other year.    Remember when they said the only player worth picking two years ago was Derrick Williams?   Then Kyrie and Tristan fell our way.
DrawohWasHere::agree  and hope it goes as well.
falconsfan0125::ctown8686 Hawks have horrible fans too, if this was the cavs, there would be like 2000 comments, no wonder the Hawks go noweher, their fans are crap. ____  Dude its football season. The Bulldogs and Falcons are having great years. They take our attention away from the Hawks. The Falcons are on the brink of a Superbowl, let us enjoy that first! The NBA just started.
Erasisn::Atlanta doesn't have horrible fans, it just doesn't have as many for it's franchises. This city has a lot more transient people in it than most and they are just fans of different teams.  Plus there really is a lot to do and it's not stifled by weather.
Kelvin5352::Sorry but we live in a city where theres more things to do besides just going to games day, clevland and cities like grenn bay have nothing to do there boring cities
ctown8686::my statement stands, atlanta has horrible fans like miami.
DanHalen880::"if this was the Cavs there would be like 2000 comments."  it is, in fact, a story about the Cavs and there are not 2000 comments.  why? because the cavs suck and the fans have abandoned them since their superstar LeBron left.
DrawohWasHere::I agree.   Its just that's life in Georgia.   I have a sister that lives just south of the border in the pan handle of Florida.    She doesn't even know there is a NBA team in Atlanta until March.
DrawohWasHere::I think falcon fan is correct in that Atlanta is more of a football town.    I mean they LOVE their Falcons (win or lose) and their BullDogs.    Not saying it's a good excuse for not putting fans in the stands, but their attendance will pick up in the spring.
orange_63::they have to win a playoff game first, which they haven't managed in the last few years
DrawohWasHere::The most absurd thing I learned from this game is the Cavs fans once again packed the Q even (prior to the game) with a 7-23 record.  WHY?  B/c they wanted a Wild Thing wig.    I don't think it would be wise to trade him at this point.   NO.   Andy is not going to be there when the Cavs win the prize, but he can help us get to that point quicker then trading him this season for 4 more 2nd round picks.  Keep him.   Use the picks gained by the Luke Walton trade (for cap), buy a FA in the off season, possibly trade one or more of the 4 picks we got coming for another veteran and use at least 2 of the picks for the other Zeller and Shabazz.  That equals a championship before LeBron leaves Miami to play for the PIttsburgh expansion team.
iWitnessAccount::One possibility is OKC. They have young players like Lamb and they have Toronto's pick which is only top 3 protected.  Guys like Lamb, Maynor, Jones, Thabeet are not going to contribute any time soon to a championship but Andy has exactly the skill set needed to that end.  They may not even get out of the West much less beat the cHEAT as currently constructed and they don't need a scorer. He would give them another BIG with energy, rebounds and defense plus is a great pick and roll guy for Westbrook.  Only problem is making the deal work for salary cap - so a 3rd team would be needed.
DrawohWasHere::Or one of their fairly good vets to go with the 3rd pick.   I like how you're thinking.  :)
iWitnessAccount::whether or not he gets traded depends on the offer.  obviously no one trades him for a second round pick, not sure where that came from.  Rumor had it they could have had the 7th overall pick in last years draft and didn't - whether of not thats true, they dont trade him for a ham sandwich.  On the other hand for the right deal anyone can be traded.
DrawohWasHere::OH I agree 100%.    With the exception of... it's difficult to say what kind of pick he'd have gotten last year as he was injured.   So that's a moot point.   And I don't think Andy is going to get a lottery pick IMHO.   I love the guy and what he's done for out team, especially now, but Andy is the type of player a PO team is going to want and trade for.   Those teams do NOT have lottery picks.  But... for the right deal, I'd trade Kyrie Irving.
orange_63::is Dan Gilbert doing enough to make the cavs competitive??????????  Shouldn't the owner require accountability as to why his team sucks???????  Please - serious replies only!
iWitnessAccount::WHAT would you have do differently?  They are being aggressive in acquiring multiple picks and cap space. This may allow them to make trades and acquire more assets. Which moves specifically do you disagree with?
DrawohWasHere::I just answered it above.    Like someone wrote below, for a small market team to be competitive for the ship, you have to build with the draft, choose FA wisely (no mo Ferry stabs) and THEN and only then do you pull the trigger for that final piece.  If you just go out and pick up the best of what's left over, you end up like Atlanta.    First round exit until the next Mayan calendar is discovered.
Austin21690::what's he supposed to do? no free agent the last two years has wanted to come here.
ctown8686::Hawks have horrible fans too, if this was the cavs, there would be like 2000 comments, no wonder the Hawks go noweher, their fans are crap.
ctown8686::Scott is a racist who doesn't play Casspi because he's white
DrawohWasHere::BTW, Luke Walton, if my eyes are correct, is on the lighter side of Black.   I'd rather see Luke Walton than Casspi and at the start of the season, I thought I'd never say that.   But at least Walton can play SOME d.
ctown8686::Casspi has potential unlike Sasha, Scott just doesn't give hima  chance.
DrawohWasHere::I believed that last year in pre-season.   Then I went to a game and saw him attempt to play.    He has potential on the O side, but he couldn't defend in a game of checkers.
DrawohWasHere::I"m thinking it's more like Casspi is more like Sasha;  "My defense is my offense."    Casspi doesn't play D.   He's the only Sf in the league that goes and stands at the 3 point line.... WHILE PLAYING Defense!
Drunkard..::Cleveland needs to fire Scott. He's a rotten coach taking them nowhere.
iWitnessAccount::oops.  "their" last
iWitnessAccount::well you could make the argument that the Browns won the NFL championship 2 years after Paul Brown was fired, of course that would be there last.
iWitnessAccount::Who the hell moves the Browns out of Cleveland (and sells them a few years later anyway) -   oh wait....
DrawohWasHere::Before Art did, the Cleveland Rams left for LA as well.   AND that was after winning the NFL championship.   HOwever, very few went to watch the Rams in Cleveland.   Instead they'd rather watch the Paul Brown, Browns play.   More exciting with that "west coast" offense he created.
JohnsonnnL::Who would you replace him with though, you could end up with someone worse.
DrawohWasHere::exactly.     It's like when Art the Fa.rt Model fired Paul Brown.    Who in hell fires the greatest NFL coach of all time?
DrawohWasHere::I disagree.     I mean it's not like Phil Jackson is coming to town and Avery is a step below Byron Scott.    He may not be the one to take us to the promised land, but in the mean time, let him develop Kyrie and Dion the same way he did CP3, Jason Kidd, et al.
iWitnessAccount::yes because with a good coach this would be a playoff team???
LuLu_James83821::Get your nba team in for Today:  http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-entry3
DrawohWasHere::I just knew the Cavaliers had this game won...  until.  They called time out with a few minutes to go.     In the huddle Scott says, "I gotta great play.    Go out there and just stand in one spot."
Spoofen::This would be insulting if it weren't so funny. LOL!
DrawohWasHere::It is the truth though.   If I had my You Tube working I'd show the exact spot.   You saw the game didn't you?    Cavs had the ball only down one point.    Irving and Waiters hitting shots like the basket was as big as lake erie.  Then came the time out.   Usually a team scores at least one basket after a TO.   Coach has an idea of a cool play they haven't run yet.   Been saving it for late in the game.  ANd the rooks all stood in one spot.    Sort of reminded me of the days when LeBron was here.     Stand in one spot while watching LBJ dribble the ball until the shot clock runs out.
elcherino::man Cavs brass need to get their team a bench to compete.  They expect Walton and Miles to lead the lines and make them competitive?
DrawohWasHere::This kind of game just goes to show you how bad the Cavaliers need Anderson back on the floor.    Veteran presence, he puts energy in the team and knows what it's like to play in the NBA finals.     Hopefully come trade deadline, some team that's in the middle somewhere and looking to dump some cap space will take Phil Jackson's Power SF for a half way good veteran and a 3rd round pick (ok, that's stretching it a bit since there's only 2 rounds... but I mean a D leaguer).
DrawohWasHere::Who's mad?
iWitnessAccount::don't go away mad, bro. just go away.
iWitnessAccount::oh Im sure that there is a bit of that.  You will know that the Cavs have arrived when Gee is coming off of the bench.  Not a knock, love his effort and defense but he doesn't start on a contender but is a valuable role player.  Perhaps a trade before deadline, another Big draft then start thinking about dipping into free agency to bolster the bench.  You have to have a strong foundation before you build the Master Suite.
elcherino::yeah thats true, but just stating I dont blame some of the starters for chucking up shots because they know when they sit down they going to lose their lead lol  But definetely big offseason in 2013
iWitnessAccount::Rome was not built in a day.
orange_63::what happened to caspi, was he deported?
orange_63::7-24, not so bad...........byron should get a contract extension...........
iWitnessAccount::Have you looked at the Cavs roster and depth? 7-12 is a little worse than expected but not far off.  You could have Phil Jackson coaching and this would not be a playoff team.  Relax.  They're gonna make you proud some day.
orange_63::not so bad for lottery picks!
ctown8686::You know the BOBCATS beat the Lakers the same season they won a championship? regular season doesn't mean jack.
orange_63::the bobcats won a championship?
Indians1028::Calm down c
ctown8686::DOESN'T MATTER MORON
JohnsonnnL::Waiters trying to win the game by himself is a problem, too much iso.
DrawohWasHere::So... you want Luke Walton taking more 3 pointers?   I'd rather watch Waiters chuck em and learn the game.
iWitnessAccount::true but there are no other legit scorers other than Kyrie. Other players may get hot for a night or two but don't have that scorers mentality.  In an ideal world he would be coming off of the bench this year but no depth at wing.
JohnsonnnL::He needs to work on his shot selection, to many Jamal Crawford Joe Johnson type of shots.
iWitnessAccount::he's a rookie.  thats what rookies are - inconsistent.  relax.
DwightSchrute24::Obviously but there's a difference between rookie inconsistency and shooting too much. He's shooting too much when he's cold
DwightSchrute24::He's to inconsistent
Lemuel7043::Ok. so if Detroit beats Miami, that makes our double overtime win agains Detroit less embarassing. lol
zdunn1785::pistons scored 41 points in the 2nd qt sorta like they did to us in the 4th lol
ctown8686::Hawks are so crappy, the Heat would sweep your $@%!$
iWitnessAccount::you have a strange idea of fun.  just quit being a troll.
prisoner of academia::at least we beat Detroit with stuckey
mikeyp2307::dude stop.
ctown8686::i'm just having some fun lol
DwightSchrute24::Waiters 0 for 8 in the second half was the story of this game
allwedoiswingames::i miss varejao
johnbadrov::9-0 run last 3 minutes. Cavs need someone down the stretch to hit a big shot.
sunnycaptain::hawks biggest offseason move: getting rid of Joe Johnson!
karelp::Funny, so far the Hawks are playing bettter without Joe Johnson, the perennial All-Star.
zdunn1785::lol will bynum killing the heat
zdunn1785::yea, that dude is stepping his game up for sure
Lemuel7043::wow. Just like what he did to us
prisoner of academia::hey teague your not alone -chalmers
nargash::I can't believe the Bulls just let Asik and Korver go. Maybe justify Asik because of Noah but how could you let Korver go when you know you don't have Rose for almost full season? Bulls management so ignorant..!!
ctown8686::they both suck and are overrated that's why
nargash::Mhmm, both starters and both playing great for their teams..!!
allwedoiswingames::get rid of byron scott already
mikeyp2307::why? Cavs arent going for the playoffs.
ctown8686::Hawks aren't going anywhere, must suck to be a hawks fan
prisoner of academia::enjoy playing ping-pong with the bobcats and wizards
mikeyp2307::okay. enjoy being one and done
SheedSayBallDontLie::u mad?
sunnycaptain::done burning lebron's jersey?
allwedoiswingames::thats so old no one cares not at least we have had a great player who is elite on the hawks
Jeff_ Teague::The whole game you were hoping you would lose for draft picks. Now that you lost, you're throwing a hissy fit.  Sucks to be a Cavs fan.
FatMaddensTurkey::Good for both teams.  Hawks get a win.  Cavs get closer to a better draft pick. (I hope)
JHCASHION88.6::I truly believe that one day, in the very near future, Irving and Waiters will compose the best backcourt in the NBA. The Cavs just need a young, elite big guy (Cough cough Andrew Bynum) to be title contenders a year or two from now
Joshua43786::Waiters is too trigger happy, Kyrie refuses to play D. They need a competent small forward in order to compete. Zeller will be fine, but unless they get an athletic wing scorer I don't see a championship contender
Joshua43786::Why would Bynum go to Cleveland? If you want to win a championship in ANY sport, Cleveland should be the last place on your mind
mikeyp2307::why? if waiters and kyrie become one of the better backcourts in the nba a legit big man would put them over the top
JHCASHION88.6::Him and Kyrie (when healthy) alone would make up a top 3 team in the East. If Waiters progesses like I expect and Zeller and Thompson can become decent role players, the Cavs would be right up their with the Heat and Thunder
sunnycaptain::hawks &gt; celtics
ctown8686::Hawks are like the Falcons, regular season wonders lol..
Jeff_ Teague::Cavs are like the Browns: They don't get to the postseason.
allwedoiswingames::i truly thought the cavs could have won
SheedSayBallDontLie::they could have. there's a lot of young talent on that team
johnbadrov::That my friends is how you don't close out a game at home. Ouch Cavs. Just $@%!$@% terrible.
Jeff_ Teague::Good game...me
Lemuel7043::Hi five Jeff.
Jeff_ Teague::http://tech.mn/files/2012/08/hifive.jpg
mariomahmoud::Great team effort tonight by the Hawks! This team could really surprise people in the playoffs, hopefully in a good way
Lemuel7043::J-Smoove. Either he's dominating or he sucks.
FREE_TEBOW::Cavs got this..............
FatMaddensTurkey::A kid playing XBox using Zeller and Waiters for their last shots in a game = idiot.
ctown8686::Hawks are like the Spurs of the east, except the Spurs have actually won something!
zdunn1785::that is a great comparison, b/c i think thats the way that we are molding into but to actually contend not to only attend in he playoffs with danny ferry at the helm.
allwedoiswingames::there is still time
nargash::I like how coach benched J-Airball-Smoove
mrclarion::Yeah Josh didn't have it tonight
prisoner of academia::JEFF TEAGUE!
Jeff_ Teague::Yeah.
prisoner of academia::gg
Austin21690::....that was a great last 4 minutes cavs! -no one
ctown8686::The Hawks aren't going NOWHERE
mrclarion::That's cool we will take our 18-9 record and go on to the next game instead.
sunnycaptain::the hawks are legit!
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::You should be happy for your extra ping pong balls
mikeyp2307::so they are?
SheedSayBallDontLie::so we are going somewhere! i see what you did there!
Austin21690::so they're going somewhere?
prisoner of academia::yeah 3rd in the east
nargash::Great game between both PG. Kyrie has to improve his D tho. Seems like every PG have good game against him..!!
Joshua43786::Does he even know what defense means?
mikeyp2307::yeah he isnt very good on defense
Joshua43786::Gimme the HotSauce Kyle
