..Brutus2012::Melo!
squiddy45::hahA
m7floyd::How ironic! The day Carmelo broke franchise record in front of all the legends from 1973 championship team by scoring 3 consecutive 40 game(50pts, 40pts, 41pts),is the same day Danilo Gallinari injured his ACL and out for the season!
Bringing.The.Facts::Where is the irony in that?
dise24::when will everyone realize we're better without A'mare??  i know it was hard to trade him with his 19M salary but im sure we could've got Something - especially since when we've already used up the amnesty option with mr big shot
DanNYC1628::I think they already tried to trade him in the offseason and no team wanted him
dise24::wow - reminds me of the larry johnson contract
BigPhilly517::It's become apparently clear that we're better without Amar'e. 16-13 with him, 33-13 without him. He is just so horrible on defense that no matter how good he plays offensively, he becomes no better than a net 0.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Melo will best the greatest scorer to never win a Championship.
bradyandjrich::Too early to say that...
Awesome Hasaface The Mistrial::"Damn Melo shoots alot "  --Kobe
bradyandjrich::Lol when you're 17-28, you can keep on shooting.
kobefor6rings2013::Carmelo should be the MVP this season hands down. LeBron sits and the Heat don't miss a beat, beating the Spurs in San Antonio as well as Charlotte and could have beat the Knicks if not for Melo's 50. Heat are an UNFAIRLY stacked team!!
kobefor6rings2013::LeBron should not even be top 5 in MVP voting. He traded in his MVP card when he went to a stacked team. He should be disqualified from consideration for MVP even if he averages 40-10-10 due to playing on a LOADED team!!
yastru::says the dude with kobe in his nickname :(
dise24::Hell yea!
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::Smoke less crack.
m7floyd::How ironic! The day Carmelo broke franchise record in front of all the legends from 1973 championship team by scoring 3 consecutive 40 game(50pts, 40pts, 41pts),is the same day Danilo Gallinari injured his ACL and out for the season!
10NYGIANTS1010::might as well tank if you're in the east, no team will take Miami past 5 games til the finals
m7floyd::Exactly! Don't care. Leba who?
m7floyd::I have been following NBA way before Leberon Joined the Heat. So yeah probably longer than you.
Luya2011::btw dont know who Leberon is...you meant Lebannon?
Luya2011::hit the wrong button please
m7floyd::Knicks already beat them 3 out of 4 times with average of 17pts. I am not that worried as a Knick fan.
Luya2011::you obviously havent followed the nba the last 3 years.
MrRedskin28::Melo and the Knicks are looking good for that second seed.  All is going according to plan.
Gditty22::Melo going for individual scoring title against Durant, while Lebron and the Heat are on cruise control staying fresh for the playoffs. Same ole Knicks.....
inttruder::Hey moron they are fighting for playoff position.
B906::Staying fresh? What happens if they enter the series cold and lose the first 2 games because of this rest?
Timeout1289::Stern and his refs will aid them when needed.
DavidA11429::<b> Melo is just another zone. The Passion, Determination from him and his Teammates are different from when he was in NY the previous two years. This team will make a deep playoff run you heard it here first. But we still have a lot of work to do as a team..I got faith in them #KnicksTape. </b>
BigPhilly517::Although I firmly belive the Knicks would beat Boston in the first round, it would be a lot easier if we got to watch Ellis and Jennings brick themselves to a 4 game sweep.
floyd1243::Can Tyson Chandler pass out of the low post? Can he score on something other than a alley-oop? Will he ever develope a jump hook, or sky hook or any shot? Does he have good enough hands? Does he have little hands? Can Novak dribble the ball at all? Can he make a layup?  Can he shoot anything other than a 3 pointer? Can Shumpert go to the basket and consistently hit a layup? Why is the only jumper he shoots a 3 pointer? How many teams have won a NBA championship without a big man who can score? What is the formula for a sit-com becoming a smash hit? Does Melo have a large enough supporting cast to win a championship?
Purpman06::Knicks have plenty shooters he's more focused on DEFENSE and REBOUNDING
Olliebasketballs::Chandler was the center on the Mavericks team that r-i-p-p-e-d the crown off Bron's giant PED head.  Or can you honestly not remember back less than two years ago?  Are you another Heat "fan" that started watching basketball last year?
floyd1243::Been a Knick fan for over 30 years.
Luya2011::and he was the same center for the knicks team that lost in 5 against the Heat...what you took a yr off?
BigPhilly517::Chandler is a top 20 player in this league my man.
floyd1243::And that means what? That u can pass the ball to him on the inside and he comes away with something. Tyson does'nt trust himself down low and the other players know it.
Luya2011::a top 100 for sure
Freddy7993::In a playoff season, no one is giving up 40 points four times in a series. We're talking about beating a team 4 times. We're witnessing this how the Knicks have to perform to win. I do not see the likelihood of such. Has Carmelo ever made it to the 2nd round of the playoffs?
Freddy7993::In 2009.
Freddy7993::Knicks fans do not get beside yourself. We all know LeBron is Carmelo's kryptonite. lol
Redsockkiller4life::But melo always lights up the Heat
Kobe is my brick supplier::Yeah he killed them last year in the playoffs......
Mets-Jets-Knicks-Isles19::Lebron is everyone's kryptonite
Ware is mah leg::The knicks will still choke
blueheat659@aol.com::correction yall can choke on these nuts
jcsny::Correction, Carmelo will still choke.
m7floyd::How ironic! The day Carmelo broke franchise record in front of all the legends from 1973 championship team by scoring 3 consecutive 40 game(50pts, 40pts, 41pts),is the same day Danilo Gallinari injured his ACL and out for the season!
Dirk the Hobo::Knicks suck
FillJecksun::carmullo wuld hav dun gud bah me and my sweg
PatriotsHeat::wow..........horrible
Olliebasketballs::Looks like the Heat will play Milwaukee in round 1, Chicago round 2, and NYC in the conference finals.  There is literally not enough Kleenex in the world to dry all the tears the Heat are going to shed because "they aren't getting calls", and "they are being treated too rough" in those three series.   The NBA is going to be exposed for the fraud that it is as they watch their darlings cry their way to a championship.
PatriotsHeat::HA HA HA..........Knicks blowing load the last 20 games, while almost everyone else is on cruise control. Don't worry about the Heat, they will be ready. Lets see how the Knicks play when it is not the regular season and the pressure is on.
kobefor6rings2013::PatriotsHeat???? BANDWAGON MUCH?????????????
krazyfan2000::How are you a Patriots and Heat fan?? You should change it to bandwagon instead....Lol!!
Olliebasketballs::Remember when your Pats blew their load on their "perfect season"?  Get ready to cry again!  LOLOLOLOLOLOLLOLOLOZZZZ
realNBA_analyst v2.0::"There is literally not enough Kleenex in the world to dry all the tears of Olliebasketballs."  Fixed it for ya.
Mets-Jets-Knicks-Isles19::recognize the Knicks....it's our time
garnolfini::Melo, tho.
69durango::GO KNUGGETS!!!!!!!!!  Melo, JR, Felton  80 points, 27 boards, 8 assists.  K-Mart and Camby DNP. i would love to see Nuggets and KNuggets play for crown.
m7floyd::How ironic! The day Carmelo broke franchise record in front of all the legends from 1973 championship team by scoring 3 consecutive 40 game(50pts, 40pts, 41pts),is the same day Danilo Gallinari injured his ACL and out for the season!
bucksnreds::Melo scoring 40 is like Brees throwing for 400+ yards in a game.  Means nothing.
TrollMagoll::It's going to be interesting to see how many 'Heat' fans are left after 2014!!!
PatriotsHeat::We are going to the love the team, especially when Durant comes over to play with LeBron.
giangir::If you are insinuating most Heat fans are only there for the Lebron Bandwagon, why would they leave after 2014.  You think Lebron is going to leave Miami and the slickest GM in Pat Riley to go back to Cleveland?  Or you are a delusional person that thinks he will rather think the trust fund kids Dolan and Buss are going to be able to build a championship team and bolt to LA or the Knicks.  LMAO!
papuchi24::lmfao "this is the knicks year!, they will win the title?"  lmfao how about you guys win a playoff series and two playoff games atleast.  The knicks have no shot of beating the Miami Heat and secondly i doubt they get past Boston. Please knick fans turn it down just a notch. Like A rod disappears in the playoffs, so will Carmelo. He won't score 40  plus in a playoff series consistently. Enjoy the mini win streak and just hope you can win a playoff series before you claim your team champions.
PatriotsHeat::Give credit to the Knicks and what they are doing now. However, most teams are dialing it down prepping for playoffs, and Knicks are playing for a streak. Think when playoffs start, the real Knicks will emerge again........Go Celtics.
TrollMagoll::Who's you're team? Probably a bandwagon Heat fan!!!
onlyavoice57::Amazing, Not Another Word Out Of Melo About His FAKE Knee Injury.
69durango::give me a break FAKE....He had knee drained Fool.
JustB86::Gettin harder and harder to deny JR as 6th man of the year. Finishing the season on a double digit winning streak with him playin the best ball of his career and having 30-point, 0-turnover games off the bench? It's his.
knicks_11::no the league hates JR.  they will prob give it to Jack/Crawford
knicks_11::Most Cons. Games 40+ Pts, 60+ FG pct Last 20 seasons 1. Carmelo 3 2. MJ 3 3. king 3
drawitall::This may be the Knicks year !! They look very hungry and poised during this run.  The road to glory goes through Miami.  The heat is def. the team to beat and if the Knicks defeat them and I think they will they deserve the title !!
PatriotsHeat::Agree......but most of these games are not meaningful. Most teams on cruise control. Heat not even playing full team, so they can prep for playoffs. Becareful that Knicks are peaking way too early.
KNICKS AGAINST THE WORLD::Its the Knicks time everybody must pay
JrueRandallHoliday::41 points and Melo has "eclipsed" 40 points????
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::Hoping to God, that Melo can keep this hot scoring streak going.
LMAXmd::Melo givin Kevin a run for the scoring title.
savelando::prolly all melo cares about
Rod5774::New york sports fans have such big mouth they fold pizza when they eat it.
yardog59::Change Knicks for Heat; Melo for Lebron.  Déjà vu all over again!  We've already heard it, settle down!
Dribbird.::Melo's last 3 games.     131 points, 6 assists....
swagner101234::Lebron last 3 games 0pts 0assists
idxman::Hilarious. The MVP should just go to Melo, then. Oh, wait, I guess the season is more than three games long.
Kobe is my brick supplier::Yet he will still win the MVP
vplaskan1::Looks like he is doing his job well then.
swagner101234::Melo is single handily winning me my fantasy championship this week.
knicks its our time::Melo is the best player in the nba right now
idxman::Uh, no. He's one of the best SCORERS, but he's not the best PLAYER.
wjavier::What does Melo give you aside from scoring?
vplaskan1::So what do you think a scorer's job is? That's like saying oh this person is a teacher, but what else do they give you other than teaching
wjavier::Today yes... Then...
knicks its our time::41 and 14 rebound s
BillRusselltheGOAT::Nice run Knicks. But we're gonna find out if team is a championship contender after Sundays game.
TrollMagoll::CAN'T WAIT!!!  - BART SCOTT -
nedg619::Can't wait to see Melo flop against the Thunder!
PatriotsHeat::Will be good to see the Knicks get a real game. OKC is playing hard, for they want that number one spot. This will be a test. Can the Knicks beat a team that is really trying and not on cruise-control?
AC Slater.::kevin durant flapping his arms after every drive + 15 foul calls for him &gt; melo flopping
BillRusselltheGOAT::That game is the litmus test. We should have an idea what this Knicks team really is, Fools gold or the real deal?
BIGGDOGG2425::Mello!!!!   You only had 1ast, pass the ball, I'm open.  It's easy to put up those numbers, Mello are putting up, when you are HOGGING the ball.  He will never be on LeBron James level, If he keeps on HOGGING the ball.
flag_me_if_you_can::talk to me again when LeBron scores 40+ in three consecutive games on 60% shooting...
PatriotsHeat::Idiot.....he had 6 straight games with 30+ pts over 50%....never done before. Oh ya, throw in a 27 game winning streak, 6 months of Player of the Month, and most likely an MVP and NBA title...........let me know when Mello does that. NEVER!
504041::What a dick. Melo is a shooter and damn good one.
Camthers89::You ave no clue what you're talking about. But I guess you gotta find  a way to hate. Lebron is a different player. He's a point forward. Melo is a pure scorer. Scorers score. To do that, they have to have the ball in their hands. I guess Kobe is a ball hog? Durant is a ball hog? MJ was a ball hog? Lebron is a different animal, a different type player--but admittedly the best on the planet right now. The point is Melo is an elite scorer, all of these players are "ball hogs" by your definition . A real ball hog is someone who forces bad shots, and/or isn't efficient with their shots, neither of which Melo does. His teammates give him the ball because he is Melo.
PatriotsHeat::As much as I hate the Knicks, it is true. Mello is a shooter, and if he is hot, GIVE HIM THE BALL.
Dino__Spumoni::how bout them Knicks
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::I feel bad for whichever team ends up overpaying for Jenbrick (which will end up being the Bucks).
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::GG Knicks fans and good luck in the playoffs.
LifeInInfrared::Please take down the Heat. Seriously, that would be hilarious.
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::I wish, but there isn't a chance in he double hockey sticks.
Nayrock10::Hope we win sundY
Lord Steez::Melo only wants that scoring title. .
Shamed_Shaun::come on kicks you're the only team that miami doesn't have the mental edge over. You have to beat them if you don't no one will. ._.
Bandwagon Fans::way to go C-Melo 6 straight 40 point game more and he would join Kobe and Jordan record of 9th straight 40 point game
axen2143::Already the first since Jordan to get 40+ with 60% shooting in 3 straight.
