Ryan::Dirk never made it to 50% for the game. He is 10/21, which is not 50%. He shot 1-10 in the first half and 9-11 the second half. I knew he would turn it around after the half and finish with over 20 points. I didn't think he would be that hot, however. I have him on my fantasy team and he is ranked #6 overall. That is impressive, considering how many great players there are in the NBA. I drafted him in the fourth round and the way he is playing that was a steal. I got Kevin Martin in the 8th round and he is ranked #8 overall. I have to say that K-Mart was the best pick of the draft since he scores over 20 points/game and makes a ton of 3-pointers and almost all of his free throws. Roy Hibbert is my center that I got in the 5th round and he is going to win defensive MVP this year so I got blocks covered. Ryan Anderson was my 7th round pick and with Davis out for awhile he will be starting at PF. He made 7-11 treys last night and scored 36 points the first game that he started. Throw in Melo, Wade, and Jrue Holiday and I got myself a squad. I have Ariza and Webster from Washington that I picked up off waivers. They are a big reason for my success too. The other three players I have are Jordan Crawford (PG, SG-BOS), Carlos Boozer, and Dalembert as my backup center. I think my team is in good shape. I am leading my league thus far, but it is still early. I need my best players to stay healthy and I think I will be taking home the $250 first place prize this year. Anyways, Dirk is a beast.
hl444::Charlotte's second team is really weak.
THE REAL DWIGHT::dirk hall of fame
mgsc::When the talk began in his freshman year about going to the NBA, I predicted that Charmin-soft Cody Zeller would be a BWS and a bust and that he should stay four years at IU because he was not NBA ready.  Case rested.
THE_CHIEF::Dang. It must nice to play with Dirk. He is a in my top 10 players to watch all-time!
LB17::Dirk and Monta.  Winning combination!!!  Nice win guys.
AronG::Dirk is going bonkers this 2nd half
Bjetlog17::Jim Carey should start trusting Mekel.
Anton::MKG another great selection by Jordan...
AronG::And just like that, Dirk is at 50% shooting for the game
