H-TownTEX5040::Kyle Lowry better step it up....
milwaukeemonster::lol houston got a suck for luck goin on too?
Rocket9unch::I think they need to not trade him but rather switch the lineup around from time to time. Its common sense, if you have a matchup problem then you adjust. Scola often falls in this category as he is usually undersized against PFs. You have Patterson who is more atheletic and actually has a better all around game. Jordan Hill should be a SF at all times, he doesnt have the size to be a PF or C. Budinger should get starting time along with Courtney Lee. Thabeet should also start as C for a couple of games to shake off some rust and go up against solid bigs. Terrance Williams is legit, and he doesnt get much playing time so thats scary. Looking at this season I see 45 wins as this Rockets teams has the swagto make it happen.
Rocket9unch::I agree with the whole championship deal, but this team does have a lot of talent and can compete in a open west this year. 66 games would equal a 4 or 5 seed with 40+ wins by these Rockets, which would be quite the excitement for a city licking their chops at the Texans next year. I say get Thabeet in the game more often, which presents a lot of great lineup options. The Rockets actually dont need anyone from the draft, the team is deep enough to only a few free agents tacked on will make this team a contender.
bobbydagreat::I don't know of any world beaters just yet, however, I'm not sure who is going to declare for the draft and who isn't. I think if  Donatas Motiejunas shows up mid season he will possibly push Scola off the team, that could open up a situation where Scola and Martin are traded.
milwaukeemonster::size huh? are there good bigs in FA or draft coming up?  i dont like our rotation either...we'll start lauer he drop like 15, 4 rebound then next game he get 2 mins... then livingston would not play more than 6 mins then start...
bobbydagreat::Their biggest problems are a lack of size, Dalembert has helped, but honestly Scola needs to go. I like what he can do on offense from time to time, but he is just too much of a liability on defense. Had that trade for Pau not been vetoed by the league, the Rockets would be one of the top teams in the West.
milwaukeemonster::i think just about every team needs one or two players...hou is a good team though, what are ya'll weakness?  for the bucks defense is not the problem..its scoring...then add our consistenlty injured center and well..then you got my bucks  when he had a scorer under skiles (half-year rentals salmons) we were playoff bound...then he got deal got lazy..then injuries..then of course we were the bucks again...more losing...
bobbydagreat::Daryl Morey has said that has been his goals for years, but Adelman kept getting in the way. I think he has set things up to where we will get 2 early first rounders in next year's deep draft so long as we don't screw it up and make the playoffs and he has cleared cap space for FA. The Rockets are very close to being a powerhouse team, they just need one or two different players to put them over the top.
milwaukeemonster::wow you got big hopes...hope your management aspirations are the same otherwise you going to be one dissappointed fan
bobbydagreat::As far as I am concerned the Rockets don't have the squad to win it all this year and that is the goal. I would much rather get two first rounders in the draft and do something in FA. Since the Rockets declined a lot of options for next year, they will have about 20 mil to spend in FA. I don't want  a mediocre team anymore, I want a championship team.
bobbydagreat::Why? I like the Rockets just as they are, if he "steps it up" the Rockets might wander into the playoffs and lose their first round pick. I prefer them to stay out of the playoffs and have 2 potential lottery picks in the draft.
milwaukeemonster::i thought we were going to blow it...
mauricclarettisinnocent::houston is such a shiiiiithole
Catfish21555::Skiles I hope u wake up and look at what Stephen Jackson did tonite and put him back in the starting line up you can't benmmamakmakemakesmakes nnono ssisincsince to me
CornhuskerKid02::So you want a 3 guard 1 SF 1 C starting lineup? terrible idea, keep Jax on the bench we need scoring off the bench
squiddy45::^agreed
EvolutionaryMokeski::I like Bogut's game, I really do, but at this point can you consider him a building block of your future? The guy gets banged up a lot.
tdhoier::Don't make fun of Paul Mokeski's appearance, please.
omrofreeman28::sorry
acefspradez::No you can't...the man's made of glass.  Time to trade him and see if anyone bites.
omrofreeman28::Why does your picture look like a pedophile?
Franky K::I need help guys for fantasy..is Chandler Parson really that good?? He seems like a great team player and overall basketball player..is he gonna continue to get minutes??? I wanna pick him up cuz he does everything!!!
Franky K::he gets tons of steals and blocks tho..and should get more threes too
ChuckOlajuwon::Well he has not produced.  So hes not good for fantasy BB no.  Avg 7.3 points 6.4 reb last 10 games.
Franky K::Parsons*
csun101::live updates from over 2000 sportswriters --- http://www.fancloud.com/nba/nbachat
slamminsammy006::One thing I can conclude is that Chicago (or should I say Chokecago) and Dallas are cities full of losers and Chokecago has idiots in their city as well. Houston and Milwaukee both deserve hockey teams. I put the entire loser states of Pennsylvania and Ohio in there with those 2 loser cities.
ChuckOlajuwon::Houston has a slight chance at being able to support a NHL team now with the Toyota center downtown.  If they still played at Compaq Center no way.  With the stadium downtown they could draw business men that are in town, to games after the work day.  But overall, i dont think it would be a good idea.
mazariamonti_second_profile::If tampa can have a hockey team i dont see why houston couldn't, but then again i know i would probably never go.
doc.roosh::Hah! Awesome. Yeah, there's a reason we hate Chicago and it isn't just because we're rivals. It's a crappy place full of people who treat others like crap.
bobbydagreat::I'm not sure Houston would support an NHL franchise, we have the Aeros who play in the IHL or AHL or whatever they are calling themselves today, but I'm not sure hockey is popular enough in this region for anything more than that.
slamminsammy006::This Panthers fan still loves the cheesehead look as well.
bobbydagreat::If the Rockets manage to stay out of the playoffs and the Knicks keep being the Knicks, there is a good chance that the Rockets will have 2 lottery picks next year.
camerontowe23::Is Jon Brockman still on the team? Hes not in the box score
13Jrizzle13::I saw him on the bench looking fly in a suit
rc0921::I hope everyone's voting for Brandon Jennings to go to the All-Star game!
doc.roosh::You guys Texans fans?
Imtalking2Texas::my boy Alex Dixon play for the Houston Dynamo
slamminsammy006::Yeah one of my boys from here in North Carolina has a lot of family in Galveston Texas right on the Texas coast and he told me they always have season tickets for the Texans and Astros games. For some reason, they just don't like basketball at all. It's kind of surprising Dallas has a hockey team instead of Houston when Houston is much larger and even when San Antonio is larger than Dallas as well.
mazariamonti_second_profile::i couldn't imagine driving from Galveston to go watch the Astros lose.
mazariamonti_second_profile::i didn't think panthers fans existed until i went to the Texans game when they were playing the Panthers, i was quite surprised.
slamminsammy006::Panthers!
slamminsammy006::Check my comment out below I sent ya about the Panthers-Eagles NFC Championship. I think you would get a kick out of how it was lol.
doc.roosh::Panthers, hmmm, I don't think there are any Badgers on that squad.
doc.roosh::Well you never know, there could be Cowboys fans in here...
bobbydagreat::Of course.
doc.roosh::Yep, us Badgers are mighty proud of Watt.
bobbydagreat::JJ Watt is certainly an amazing player, and person. You don't find many people that have their own charities started before they get to the NFL.
ThirdCoastTexan::Watt is a man among boys
doc.roosh::I was just going to ask how you guys liked JJ Watt.
doc.roosh::I guess that's a no.
slamminsammy006::Outside of basketball, to the Badger fans(since it's all Wisconsin), have you guys heard if Russell Wilson is planning to continue baseball or is he going to take the football route and try the NFL? Just wondering!
csun101::live updates from over 2000 sportswriters --- http://www.fancloud.com/nba/nbachat
slamminsammy006::Not mad! I think Russell Wilson made the right decision. I said that when he was at N.C. State (a big rival school of my alma mater). From what I saw, he seemed to be much better at football than at baseball. While at that, you guys in Wisconsin (whether it's Milwaukee or Green Bay) deserve an NHL team, especially being in the middle of hockey territory, and I'm a huge hockey fan. Also a Rockets fan (since Hakeem and Clyde Drexler) in basketball lol!
doc.roosh::Oh yeah, definitely, but unfortunately Chicago is blocking Milwaukee from getting an NHL team.
doc.roosh::Don't be mad at me, slammin' sammy! He's going to the draft.
dcenate2019::Brandon Jennings for Lebron James trade coming up
dcenate2019::Agreed, get on it BUCKS!
WiscKYSportsFan3::LeBron is what we're missing, a solid bench player.
buckspackers23::Oh, and LeBron Traveled.
WiscKYSportsFan3::Crab Dribble = Synonym for travel.
WiscKYSportsFan3::Well, on an even brighter note, we play the Pistons twice next week.
slamminsammy006::$h!t, should have never lost to those sucks, I mean bucks. Terrible game played!
squiddy45::Ignorant comment
slamminsammy006::Now Chicago is one of the worst fan bases and sets of teams I've ever known. I hate the Bears (they and the Panthers always fight), the Cubs (who has bench clearing brawls with my Braves), and don't care for the Bulls. Chicago and Philadelphia are as bad as they get. I went to the NFC Championship game between the Panthers and the Eagles at Phillly with my ex-girlfriend and her family (who were actually great people even though they were all Eagle fans lol). We met in college and whereas I'm from North Carolina she is from Atlantic City New Jersey.She dragged me up there, and I'll say I was the one celebrating at the end lol.
slamminsammy006::Difference is that I HATE the Tampa Bay football and hockey teams. In all honesty, I don't understand why Wisconsin don't have a hockey team. Wisconsin is in the middle of hockey territory in the United States.
doc.roosh::It's actually because of Chicago. They made the NHL promise we wouldn't get a team if they did because they think that we'd be fans of Chicago for some reason.
slamminsammy006::That saying I was going to congratulate you guys on snapping that winning streak, but doc roosh wants to be more like doc $@%!$@.
slamminsammy006::It's all good bruh!
doc.roosh::Well there we go. You know as well as I do that a lot of trolls do stuff like that, so it's hard to tell the difference sometimes. My bad.
slamminsammy006::Smack talking can be fun sometimes. I just saw the "go away" comment and was like "Wow is this guy really have a problem with that?" I don't mind some smack talk, as long as things don't go personal. I just think of things like that for every team and every sport. It's like with me being a Carolina Panthers fan calling the Tampa Bay team the Suckaneers.
doc.roosh::Come on man, you telling me you can't tell the difference between messing around and actual trolling? You made a smack talk comment, so I replied. Don't be like that!
slamminsammy006::d o c  d o u c h e
slamminsammy006::Game wont in Wisconsin. Game was in Texas.
slamminsammy006::Wisconsin will always be football first (Packers and Badgers very respectable) then baseball second.
buckspackers23::So original.
doc.roosh::Go away.
doc.roosh::Touche.
slamminsammy006::I'll only go away when I feel like it.
buckspackers23::Haha, Bogut just called Ersan "The Turkish Ben Wallace".
WiscKYSportsFan3::hahahahahah. Atleast the bloke is good for a laugh.
rj10328::well congratulations Wisconsin, finally beating Houston at Houston and extinguishing the 12 game lost to us
doc.roosh::Hey! It was 11!
rj10328::oh sorry i meant 11..   cant wait for the rematch though!
doc.roosh::;-)
lil lang here::Only one catch to the Bucks Vs. Bulls game coming up. If the Bulls win Michael Jordan dies, but if they don't we get Derrick Rose.
doc.roosh::Interesting.
WiscKYSportsFan3::All trash talking aside, good game Rocket fans.
bobbydagreat::Can't win them all. Honestly I'm glad that the Rockets lost, if they keep racking up wins they'll make the playoffs and lose their first round pick.
ThirdCoastTexan::ya, no way we make the playoffs in the west anyways....too deep
Rocket9unch::Well some may say that making the playoffs is bad while others feel different. I want them to play well, and this team has talent so tanking the season would be devastating to the organization. But you are wrong about the standards of THIS Rockets team. Without Yao it has been difficult replacing him, our team though is deep enough to stay competitive and add pieces and still rebuild for the future. I hear people saying this team is championship caliber, its not that good, but its a good team.
bobbydagreat::Well, I don't want to. I don't think we have the team to win it all, and that is the standard the Rockets should be held to.
buckspackers23::Now on to the Bulls, I hope we at least play them well. We normally guard Rose well and get killed by Deng, but now Deng is out so we at least stand a chance.
rj10328::another bitter lost the Rockets take home, which should of been an easy win at home
tplushh4lifee::this is funny kyl lowery is actually ranked 21 in the PER
tplushh4lifee::true
gt1master_ike::Overall maybe ,but 7th at his position
packerbob74::Have to say the pacers are very impressive......
packerbob74::Watch them play,,, they hustle and work well together,, Coaching makes a big difference..
WiscKYSportsFan3::I think they have 7 players scoring in double figures if I'm not mistaken. They remind of of the Nuggets with the way they play on offense. Great shot distribution and team basketball.
packerbob74::beat la in la and just beat the bulls... very surprised.....
WiscKYSportsFan3::I knew they were gonna be a solid team, but I wasn't expecting them to start off this hot.
WiscKYSportsFan3::Agreed. Jeff Foster is a beast.
WiscKYSportsFan3::Lowry may be better than Jennings (which he is not), but the Bucks are better than the Rockets.
ThirdCoastTexan::records say otherwise
doc.roosh::Yep, I actually agree. The same thing with the Bucks, it would be better to get a lottery pick than lose in the first round. But they're trying so hard (on a small market level) to reach the playoffs that it would be bad if they didn't.
ThirdCoastTexan::there is a chance, but i would almost rather be terrible. we arent going to beat the thunder or whoever would be the #1 seed, so a high lottery pick is better for the future
doc.roosh::You don't think either team will grab the 7 or 8 seed? I know the West is tough, but you could. And in the East, low seeds are easy as hell to get.
doc.roosh::Anyway, doesn't matter. Good game.
ThirdCoastTexan::not a big difference, no....i think both of these teams will be on the outside looking in though
doc.roosh::You're 2.5 games ahead. You really think that is a substantial difference?
WiscKYSportsFan3::So does tonights score.
doc.roosh::Not including tonight's game:  Jennings - 20.2 Points 5.5 Assists 3.3 Rebounds 1.8 Steals 44.5%/35.1% FG  Lowry - 16.5 Points 8.7 Assists 6.9 Rebounds 2.1 Steals 41.9%/39.7% FG  Seem pretty similar to me.
buckspackers23::After tonight, Brandon shooting percentage will be 44% from the field and Lowry will be at 38%.
buckspackers23::Dude, Brandon Jennings PER is 21 and Lowry's is 22. They're almost identical. Plus, Lowry has guys on his team who can make shots, Jennings doesn't, so Jennings has the same PER with less assists opportunities, your argument is worthless. Also, check his PER tomorrow compared to Jennings.
gt1master_ike::Yea my fault, lowry was much higher a few days ago. But  with that said he is still above jennings even though he uses less possessions. Lowry has been  the better player this year.
ThirdCoastTexan::they are both good...don think anyone is arguing otherwise
omrofreeman28::Yay!!! The Packers won!!!!
omrofreeman28::Well, I'm done trolling... see ya lil lang here!!
lil lang here::They're all the same for the Packers... Including the Olympics
lil lang here::Super Bowl Champs!!!
omrofreeman28::You mean World Series... god, fricken troll
Gt_jackets89::damn i just realised we have to play the bulls idc where it is thats not gonna be easy
Edward4515::They should do well, remember last year near the end of the season the bucks were ahead by a few points with 3-5 mins left but couldnt score a bucket &amp; lost.
tplushh4lifee::bucks always have to play the bulls
Gt_jackets89::Yeah I meant I just realized that they play them this soon
tplushh4lifee::i think gt1 master name is supposed to be GTLmaster
lil lang here::I think we should call Prince Fielder up to play for the Bucks instead.
omrofreeman28::He is also an amazing defender and with his dribbling skills, we might as well call him Doctor Dribbs!
lil lang here::This is different, I heard Prince has a 42 inch vertical and he can run the 40 yard dash in 4.6 seconds.
Gt_jackets89::Haha not unless you count tightends
lil lang here::What you've never seen a fast lineman?
Gt_jackets89::how? hes fat lol
omrofreeman28::Ya, and then we can get Aaron Rodgers to make some beautiful full court passes!
Ryan59262::remember tractor traylor
gt1master_ike::Lowry is a borderline all star this year  WHere is jennings?
Milwaukee Buckss::Jennings is averaging over 20 points 6 assists 2 steals so i would be quiet cause he is a potential allstar
tplushh4lifee::well lets see all the great point guards in the east. deron williams, rose, now way jennings is making it over them
tplushh4lifee::haha yea. it just sucks that jennings has to go against those point guards
13Jrizzle13::all star is a popularity contest anyways hell, even brian scalabrine might make it this year
buckspackers23::A borderline all-star....  Also, you can't make the all start team if you shoot sub-40% for the season..
gt1master_ike::Well Lowry is 7th , Jennings 12th so my bad but as you can see, Lowry still above jennings.
doc.roosh::Are you just making stuff up? Lowry before this game was 1 PER above Jennings.
gt1master_ike::CHeck his PER, its in the top 5 at his position  with chris paul and derrick rose. Jennings is middle of the pack. the game is more than FG %. HIs true shooting % is high
13Jrizzle13::he's a straight thug bonafide ballin all star
nfcnorthchamps25::Im done. Cant wait to talk some smack with some Bulls fans on Friday.
Milwaukee Buckss::Lets keep it classy until we win alright buddy
screwhead2305::on to the next one.. time to start another winning streak
omrofreeman28::I heard that the Bucks were gonna trade away all their players and draft picks and forfeit the rest of their games this season... and every other season.
nfcnorthchamps25::Its so crazy that it just might work.
lil lang here::Best idea for the Bucks yet.
omrofreeman28::Thank you!! Ya know, when people on these conversations support comments instead of always trying to bring people down... it just brings a tear to my eye!! :`)
buckspackers23::That's the most creative and well thought out comment I have ever heard.
omrofreeman28::Thank you!! Ya know, when people on these conversations support comments instead of always trying to bring people down... it just brings a tear to my eye!! :`)
Milwaukee Buckss::That Kyle Lowry guy you fans were talking about looked really good tonight.... Sorry to end your 7 game winning streak maybe next time you should stop the trash talking cause the BUCKS are for real!
Milwaukee Buckss::WE beat the Heat and the Knicks on the Road and now you!!! SO I WOULD BE QUIET
ThirdCoastTexan::right...any given night any team can win...doesnt mean you will be there at the end of the season
doc.roosh::In other words, not much difference between these two teams.
Michael Jed::.
doc.roosh::They're a playoff team. You're the Rockets - you reeeeeeally don't have much room to be talking trash.
doc.roosh::Don't know who was trolling (other than the people right now messing around) but they shouldn't be. We've got a long way to go.
ThirdCoastTexan::nah, not really trashing the bucks...just responding to troll. Good Luck to the Bucks this year
doc.roosh::I agree. Bucks probably wouldn't make the playoffs in the West. Rockets probably would in the East. I'm just saying these teams are pretty similar. No need to trash on the Bucks.
ThirdCoastTexan::i believe in my team, but the Western Conference is too deep...if we were in the East, absolutely yes
doc.roosh::Depends what your definition of "for real" is. Plus I'd rather have a team that believes in themselves. You don't?
ThirdCoastTexan::Milwaukee Buckss seem to think that they are for real
doc.roosh::Didn't say the Bucks were either. I'm saying these two teams are pretty close - low seed playoff teams.
ThirdCoastTexan::never said we were world beaters....but then again im not delusional
ThirdCoastTexan::lol no they are not...they beat a non-playoff team...congrats on your biggest win of the season
tplushh4lifee::actually beating the spurs and heat are the bucks biggest wins
packerbob74::It's going to happen again,,, We will end up with another 10 to 12 pick,,,  Trade bognuts for PICKS not people,, play the kids,,, get a 1 thru 5 pick in the draft and can skiles!!  This has gone on tooo lllooonnnnggg.. Start over AGAIN and see if the new blood can turn it around. Jennings was 6 of 16??  He has to be the worst shooting point guard in the NBA?  I mean come on,,,  Or get rid of the team and bring us a hockey team!!
Edward4515::Jennings is 2nd only to westbrook among PGS in ppg(qualified) &amp; their stats are nearly identical with westbrook having better rebound &amp; fta stats.  Hes been great this season so far &amp; hell if he can give you 15-16 a night shooting 38%, just imagine if he had a durant/love/griffin like guy on his team. His assists would be up &amp; he would get an all star spot(if his FG% &amp; ppg stayed at its current position today)
mikebball32::hocky is for white trash...its the norths version of nascar
packerbob74::guess i will throw my dandridge uni away since i'm not a buck fan...
Milwaukee Buckss::ok nevermind anyone who has a dandridge jersey is a long time Bucks fan just have some faith in them
Milwaukee Buckss::YOU SIR are NOT a Bucks fan
packerbob74::don't you guys get tired of this... Milwaukee deserves a team!!
KCMasterpiece1432::and he is passing a lot more he would have more assists if they would hit their 3's
buckspackers23::He entered the game shooting 4% better than Lowry. He had a Bad game, shut up. You sound ridiculous.
nfcnorthchamps25::I bet we make the playoffs.
doc.roosh::Um Jennings is shooting ~45% this year. 7% above his career average. He's going to be fine.
Michael Jed::Dang! The Southwest Division is crazy tight in the race for the top! C'mon Rockets we have to keep up the pace!
buckspackers23::Breaking news: According to John Hollinger, the Milwaukee Bucks have a 0.3 percent chance of making the Finals this season!
WiscKYSportsFan3::Who's gonna stop them? The Heat?
doc.roosh::So you're telling me there's a chance...
screwhead2305::Rockets cant over work thier starters.. give Dalembert some rest and play Hill.. Budinger and T Will could contribute
ThirdCoastTexan::ya McHale needs to go to his bench more...the Starters were struggling from the opening tip...only reason this game was close was because Bogut went out
rj10328::son of a Buck
KCMasterpiece1432::"My wrist won't be able to beat the Bucks Saturday too good defensively "  Kobe Bryant
doc.roosh::"I love taking questions from reporters."  Stephen Jackson
el_dude00::Did Bogut get hurt? Sorry..just catching up.
omrofreeman28::I wish we got Dwight!
el_dude00::Ugh. He's turning into a fantasy dud....again.
lil lang here::Yeah, the pansy got hurt again.
WiscKYSportsFan3::He got traded for Dwight Howard.
ThirdCoastTexan::Lowry had a REALLY bad night and still almost got a trip dub...lay off him
nfcnorthchamps25::If he was any good he wouldve been traded to the Bucks by now.
doc.roosh::CRAP, he found me out. Run away!
ThirdCoastTexan::that you Adrian Peterson?
omrofreeman28::true
doc.roosh::Slavery?
ThirdCoastTexan::not by choice
doc.roosh::That's why there's nobody on the team I guess.
ThirdCoastTexan::not quite sure what that means....no body wants to play for the Bucks
doc.roosh::Truth.
nfcnorthchamps25::"I'm taking my talents to Milwaukee"  Lebron James
HowBoutThemSparties::pathetic large play of the night
jerry0892::comeon houston, what the hell
