mhumble08::I'm just stumped why Rick is still starting Wes?!  I just don't get it...He is shooting guard...makes 4-6 points per game...worst shooting guard in NBA history and Rick is still starting him?  WOW!!!!!
seejames511::Hey there SpursCowboy, I have some points for you to consider here:     1) If Love had the supporting cast of Rose, Lebron, Griffin, or Durant the Wolves WOULD be top three and without it, they STILL won the season series against Dallas, Spurs, Houston and Clippers (all playoff teams) and pushed the West leading OKC to the last second in both games...just saying.    2) Larry Bird also played at a time without 24-7 ESPN, YouTube Videos, Zone defense and had a supporting cast of multiple Hall of Famers (see point #1)    3) Finally, @johnjon720: Dirk and Nash played at a MVP level for YEARS before they were able to break through for theirs. The case could be made that when they won their MVPs it felt more like a long overdue "Career Achievement Award"
blazers3333333::why on earth would you include griffin on a list with rose, durant, and lebron. i completely disregarded the rest of what you said
NBAnuggets420::Love&gt; Overrated Griffin any day of the week
RollThunder35::this is becoming VERY hard for Griffin nuthuggers and Clips fans to ignore.  Love is just so much more complete of a player.  Not all the way there yet, but so much better than Griffin.
maxowmaxow::imagine love and durant on the same team
______sohum____________::this game was so good.......best game of the year  GO WOLVES
CrematedDoobie::How did the Wolves get this close to beating the Thunder without Rubio, Pekovic, or Beasley? They only played a center for 4 minutes in the entire game (which is understandable because Miller/Milicic are absolutely horrid).  This year's MVP race is going to be close. Durant, Love, Bryant, Howard... am I missing somebody? (Lebron doesn't deserve to be mentioned because he 'created' a team, making him less valuable to the Heat).
RollThunder35::I think what   "liriobroessel" was trying to say is, Russell Westbrook as a PG doesnt fit  "liriobroessel" defintion of a true PG.  So Russ, even though Nash is NOT an All Star and you are.  Even though Nash is NOT a part of the NBA's BEST tandem.  Even though you are TOP 5 in scoring........IN THE NBA.  You need to STOP.  Stop doing it so "liriobroessel" team can start making up games on us and kick OKC out of 1st in the West.   PEOPLE.................WHY ARENT WE LISTENING TO THE CLEAR CUT LOGIC, THE GIFT THAT  "liriobroessel" IS BESTOWING UPON US!!!!!!!!!!!!!  HEED HIS WORDS!!!!!!   THE GREAT NBA MIND,  "liriobroessel"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
diditravel::RAMON SESIONS FIRST START!!! dude can ball!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9xvIH247fk
Mizzle85::Lmao, Adelman looks like he's about to have a heart attack in that picture on the main page.
RollThunder35::i know right!  and the rest of the coaching staff looks totally defeated.
diditravel::RAMON SESIONS FIRST START!!! dude can ball!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9xvIH247fk
The. North. Star. State.::So what the boxscore says is that AT and Ellington are better than Martell and Wes.   When will Adelman realize this?
Sainthubbins56::Its not like he has a successful system in place or anything does it?  I watched the last five years of absolute futility and welcome Adelmans coaching style.  He gets effort out of his bench by playing them and i applaud it.  Webster and Wes probably would be moving in and out of the starting lineup if there were a preseason, no lockout and time to practice instead of playing four games a week but in reality he is squeezing so much effort out them that i don't notice who starts anymore.  Both Wes and Webster play solid defense and thats more than likely the reason they start.
The. North. Star. State.::When Rubio and Pek were healthy AT and Ellington received zero playing time while Wes and Webster were getting 20+ minutes a game.  All I am saying is that they are much more effective and deserve to play over those two.
springfresh33::This game just scares me how OKC needs to really tighten up on their D.  Wolves with one star nearly defeated us.   This is happening more often than it should
_misterfurious::Great game - very fun to watch. Also a good example of why one star is not enough.
BarrelRider04::Wow, watching the highlights, that looked like a fun game to watch. Obviously not much defense being played here, huh? Or was the offense just that good? Wonder when the last time three players in a game had 40+ points??
RollThunder35::28 years ago.  no joke.
Pinkycuh::Yesterday
clutchcityforlife::Wish this game was on ESPN instead! I miss the Seattle SuperSonics...classic.
CrematedDoobie::yea this bro needs to move on ^ THEM MPLS LAKERS ARE CLASSIC RIGHT? KOBE WILT AND MAGIC OH THOSE DAMN MPLS LAKERS ARE CLASSIC (although i don't understand how george mikan isn't mentioned when ESPN talks about greatest lakers of all time)
RollThunder35::thanks for ruining the board.  im sure Baltimore misses the Colts too.  and Minny misses the Lakers.
liriobroessel::Just watched the highlights and have to pick apart Westbrook's decision making as a point guard (not the first person to do this). He drove into the lane during the 2nd overtime towards two defenders with James Harden completely unguarded at the 3 point line. Yes, he made the shot but most coaches will tell him to pass out to the wide open teammate in those situations.  He's a good player mainly due to his physical ability, but tends to hurt his team as point guard with his decision making.  The Thunder would be better off IMO with him as the starting shooting guard and a "true" point guard, not only that but I think Westbrook would be happier too. He reminds me of a stronger Leandro Barbosa, yes they can be point guards if needed but are better suited with a scorer's mentality.  The only problem there is if they want Harden to start although the team is better off with him coming off the bench.
WashFlokie::its dumb cause you watched highlights, i was at the game
WashFlokie::Kevin Johnson was my favorite PG
liriobroessel::if it's "dumb" explain why? Watch Steve Nash play sometime. If he drives to the basket towards 2 defender with a WIDE OPEN teammate who can shoot the 3-pointer he passes the ball most of the time.   How is it smart for Westbrook to attack the basket wtih 2 post defenders there and leave Harden (a good 3 point shooter) standing there wide open. And he does this ALL THE TIME!
goosu123::I think this is what  WashFlokie is trying to say - Nan Nan na Boo Boo I'm better than you Stick Your Head in Doo Doo
soonersrock1::He's always done this....he used to get charging calls all the time, but lately he's found a way to side thru the defenders in the paint and make the easy lay-up...it an awesome move and the main reason why the Thunder are outscoring the opponents in the paint..
WashFlokie::9-9 freethrows attacking the basket also
soonersrock1::A point guard can be a scorer or assist player...Russ is the former....I'd still put him in with the elite point guards in the league...ie Rose, Rondo, and Paul.....and maybe Rubio?
The. North. Star. State.::Incorrect.  He makes bad teams better.  Just look at the Wolves record when he starts compared to when he doesn't.
goosu123::Rubio sucks, without a good team he would be nothing.
funkingonut::bulls haven't made it to 'chip city' since 97/98
The. North. Star. State.::Rubio and Irving played against eachother once.  Don't even count that dumbass rising stars game.  Rubio is a better PG than Irving, he leads in every category besides PPG and FG%.
Olliebasketballs::You're totally right.   Just because he's the best player on the best team two years in a row, and plays with zero other stars, people think he's awesome.  The Bulls should trade him, why doesn't anyone see this? They should trade him straight up for a real point guard like Rubio or Nash, they would easily win the championship then.  Just look at the other championship teams like Miami and OKC, they average so many possessions, and their + \ - numbers are straight up sick!  If the Bulls want to ride out to chip city, they better get rid of Rose and start playing like the Heat and Thunder!  Those teams taught us how to win championships, in the regular season AND the play-offs!  skreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet
goosu123::lol Rubio? really? rubio is above-average at best. Kyrie Irving tore him up. Elite PGs: Rose, Westbrook, Paul, Williams, Parker  2nd Tier: Rondo, Nash, Irving, Wall, Jennings
poodagg::rose is elite?  i know he is the mvp and blah blah blah, but his team is better +/- without him for the third straight year, they have a bettter winning % vs 500 teams without him, they average 14 more possessions a game while still allowing less points, and their defense is light years ahead on defense because they dont always have to keep an eye on rose's guy.
WashFlokie::more dumb comments
WashFlokie::we had 7 blocks 12 steals and 50 rebounds and you fool are talking about no defense? be at the game or at least watch before making dumb comments
blazers3333333::also, 140 points allowed big guy
truesportfanman::The thunder allowed 140 points, Derek has brought his defensive mind set to the team.
WashFlokie::2 OT dumb person
kenbomc::I'd love to see these teams play a best of 7 playoff series.
trollingispathetic::Me too. If Rubio and Pekovic were healthy and all of the Thunders stars were also healthy it would be entertaining to say the least
idominateall::Who should i add for my fantasy team? Ramon Sessions JJ Barea Klay Thompson   Thanks in advance
trollingispathetic::Sessions easily
trollingispathetic::Best game I've seen all season. Easily 3 of the top 10 players in the league on the court. Durant, Westbrook, and Love prove once again that they are arguably the 3 best clutch shooting players in the game. As a Wolves fan I was certainly hoping for a Wolves win, but as a basketball fan congratulations to the clutch shooting from Durant at the end of the 4th and 1st ot and to Westbrook in the 2nd OT. Amazing game by Love also. Watch out east because the Thunder, as well as other western teams are definitely better than any team your conference has to offer
kenbomc::Some great defense was on display as well. :-)
trollingispathetic::Good point, but as far as the clutch shooting by Durant and Love in particular and also by Westbrook and Barea it was definitely a great game. The three by Love and the second 3 by Durant really couldn't have been guarded any better too
asblue2011::KD + Westbrook = Best tandem in NBA
soonerbuzzy::A win is a win, no matter how ugly it is. But the Thunder better work on that defense. Berea should NOT be able to consistently go to the basket untouched and unguarded and put up an easy lay in.  I'm not sure if it was guys afraid to get too many fouls or what the situation was but one time down the court it looked like Russel literally stepped aside and let him go right by.  Not in panic mode, and not worried about who we can and can't beat in the playoffs. But this defensive issue better get fixed or we have no shot at a title.
hencetrue::defense? BAH!
WashFlokie::Fun game
n_mcharg::ThunderUp!!!
pennstate200::thunder cant and will not beat the bulls no one will. too much haert. to much stellar D. to much rose
trollingispathetic::haha. Put the Bulls in the west and they likely have 5-10 more losses. Why are the two only good teams in the east getting so much hype?
WashFlokie::nice prediction, thats all it is.
RollThunder35::Hahahahahaha, petes2feet tried to blame it on the refs, but he didnt check the boxscore first and see that the Wolves shot 36 FT's and OKC shot 20.  OKC was at home.
ChiBulls1224::rose&gt;westbrook
mvelt24::bulls have a great bench. star power doesnt mean anything. bulls have a better bench then the Heat to.
n_mcharg::Rose is a great player but the Bulls dont have enough star power to beat the Heat for 4 games
pennstate200::not
n_mcharg::The Heat will beat the Bulls first
pennstate200::u cant be chi town
RollThunder35::Got a question, you do realize if we ratchet up our defense consistently, we will OWN ANYONE in the Finals, right?  Including Chi town.  Do you want that?
trollingispathetic::Bulls got no further than the Thunder last season. If anything the Thunder lost to the champs while the Bulls lost to the runners up. Neither teams fans have any reason to get cocky. As far as this season goes I would take Westbrook way before I would take Rose and this is coming from a Wolves fan that really doesn't care about either team
johnjon720::Thats easier SAID than DONE obviously, do you know how many teams have said that over the years if..if IF only
ChiBulls1224::Dear Oklahoma City:  There is a thing called defense. You might of heard of it.  Sincerely, the Bulls
Qzhoopin72::All that matters is that OKC's defense was the better one last night, and has been the better defense 36 out of 48 games this season!!
gpiverson::easier to play defense when you're playing a weaker conference...Western Conference owns 30 more wins against the Eastern Conference  Western Conference winning the interconference matches 127-97
n_mcharg::Go Thunder!
n_mcharg::The Bulls will lose to the Heat in the East Conf. Finals
n_mcharg::just like last year
pennstate200::in ur dreams
RollThunder35::Dear Bulls, try to keep up with our scoring and our SF that you have to double up to guard.  Try to keep up with us.   Sincerely, OKC Thunder.
AndySportsB::THUNDERup!
Rdiu::Brooks really confuse me, why he insists at playing Fisher who sucked at both ends yesterday?especially when they already got 2 guards Westbrook and Harden on the floor, Fisher almost cost them the game!
Rdiu::Harden was the one who handle the ball when Westbrook playing off the ball , Fisher basically just stand at the baseline and wait for the pass and shoot brick
RollThunder35::trying to take Westbrook off the ball so he is open more to shoot.  he playing the 2.  more his natural position
lash0022::I'm a Twolves fan, and I know how good Love is, but he has holes in his game...he doesn't really defend, and he doesn't really make everyone else better like KG did...how do you play 49 minutes, 2 ot's, touch the ball a million times and have 0 assists? Durant is a pure scorer and still managed 5...
trollingispathetic::Dumb post. As a Wolves fan I watched KG disappear at the end of every game. Name any player that KG made better. Please name a single player. KG was awesome, but give me a break. Hating for the sake of hating. He played better D on Durant then Durant played on Love. Garnett was taken to school in every game that he went up against Duncan
Qzhoopin72::Who gives a damn if the POWER FORWARD doesn't have any assists??? Hey, why not trash Barea for not getting any blocked shots while you're at it!!
lash0022::with as much attention as he receives on Offense, he should be getting more people involved....i mean the guy is a stud...and he seems to be a smart player...just something to work on
lash0022::agree...but still...
The. North. Star. State.::It is hard to get an assist when you play alongside Wes and Martell.  This is the same reason Rubio was only averaging 9 assists as opposed to 14, those guys can't hit open shots.
trollingispathetic::Good point lol. I always hope that my team relies on its power forward to dish out assists. Just like I am outraged that our teams point guards didn't get any blocks lol. Give me a break hater
The. North. Star. State.::No.  He should have gotten at least one assist.  I am just saying that Wes and Martell are garbage and Love plays the majority of his minutes alongside them.
RyanCarranza::Dude, it's double over time and the rest of his team managed to score what, 90 points?  You're telling me that Love couldn't have gotten one assist?
WiscCHISportsFan12::They must not preach passing much at UCLA.
THUNDAboi77::wow.. that game was crazy.. great game all around.. but this is why durant is mvp and not lebron.. more clutch shots when  the game is on the line..
WiscCHISportsFan12::Game of the year. Easily.
ibnfrey::gga Go Wolves! :)
Cardiae7782::Bulls Vs Thunder 2012 Finals BOOK IT!
Cardiae7782::Bulls and Heat are 5-5 Against each other since last year  and + a 100% Bulls team CLEARLY will &gt;&gt; Miami Heat
aise5668::Rose 0-5 in last 5 vs. Heat.  Don't like Bulls chances...
aise5668::Westbrook &gt; Rose
petes2feet::joe crawford was reffing, I should have known, he's 2 to 1 on the home team every time.
aise5668::You know that the TWolves shot almost twice as many free throws, 36 to 20 in favor of TWolves.
The. North. Star. State.::Thunder are lucky the Wolves didn't have Pek.
aise5668::TWolves are lucky that they got to shoot 36 free throws
The. North. Star. State.::That is what happens when you go to the basket.  If Pek played they would have shot 45 free throws.
petes2feet::Sactown vs lakers game 6 2002, the screw job.  Don't think basketball is rigged?  I have been watching the thunder and the refs since the all star break.  Give the wolves credit, they weren't going to win that game no matter how hard they tried, it was over before the jump ball, but sometimes a player will throw a monkey elbow into the mix and make the refs work to ensure the win. nice to see k love in f u mode thou.
mbarcl::Minnesota shot 16 more free throws. That logic makes no sense.
mattpainley1::Kevin Durant, you inspire me to play basketball
Jaglin3::Durant showed why he's the MVP. Made clutch shots, took over when he needed to, and led his team to a victory. #ThunderUp
skwig2404::K-Love is a BEAST
Liberal Feminist::Durant/Westbrook were absolutely INSANE last night.  Minnesota fans.......  You have A LOT to look forward to in the upcoming years.  It sucks you lost Rubio b/c he is an incredible baller.  If he recovers 100% from the knee injury he'll be a perennial all-star.  He makes everyone around him better.  I don't need to say anything about K. Love.  Everyone knows he's awesome.
thewolf1616::WE WANT RICKY!!!!!!!!!!! WE WANT RICKY!!!!!!!!!!!!! WE WANT!!!!!!!!!!!!! RICKY
TheBlazingFlame::If OKC had sessions playing the 1, letting westbrook playing the 2, you could just give OKC the rings.
mawright04::bball isn't that simple.  The thunder would have acquired another point to run the show a long time ago.
springfresh33::They still need to get their D up
suzyscooter::Derek Fisher, your new team scores 149 . . . and you only manage to drop another nickel?  Well at least there's the senior breakfast special at Denny's . . ..
iceman22551::why is westbrook shooting more than durant?
JohnSnow1854::Skip?
Liberal Feminist::Who cares who shoots more.  If Westbrook is hitting shots like he was last night, then let him shoot all he wants.  He was AWESOME last night.
AItheAnswer0001::You must not watch much basketball. Westbrook is converting at a high percentage, he should be shooting plenty. The only issue with Westbrook shooting a lot is that he plays the 1 and not the 2. It should be obvious to most though that this guy is really a 2g.
onetimeseth::Good Game Wes Johnson....140 points scored and you drop a goose egg get outta here
