mkwan0::The West is ridiculous.  This is an eighth seed?  Seriously?  Tell me they wouldn't be the #2 or #3 team in the East.
Da-THUN-Da::So the first Blazers game that I watched. Never seen him play but, the Batum kid is a good player.
I Will Win 1978::I've made around 3K per month for the last 2 months by using this online betting system thats called Sportsbettingstar.  When I found out about this website, it was on the very first page of Google when I looked up Sports Betting Systems.
Da-THUN-Da::Ligginsanity!!
Sonic_Sooner::We are all witnesses.
ThunderHornz::Thank you Portland-knew you had the ability to make me sweat! Good luck to you going forward.
nba is the worst::'Melo's 16 bricks last night were enough to pass Kobe (who had just 5) for #1 in bricks per game, and Westbrick's 16 got him back into the top 3: 1. 'Melo 11.73 (season high) .461 FG% 2. Kobe 11.49 .475 3. Westbrick 10.83 .410 4. Love 10.72 .352 5. Monta 10.67 .399 6. Felton 9.93 .396 7. Jennings 9.75 .408 8. Gay 9.74 .414 9. Aldridge 9.66 .463 10. Harden 9.51 .457
918Pokes::quit wasting your time.
LetsPlayScRyB::i like thunder fans and as a heat fan im proud of that LOL
LetsPlayScRyB::Did i just witness another Blazers loss???
nba is the worst::Nice airball from LA to seal it
durant.4.mvp::Harden trade so far...  Good for James Harden Good for Kevin Martin Good for Houston Rockets Good for OKC Thunder  I don't see how that's not evident
AndrewOKC::Harden + unused players &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;   Kevin Martin (HOU Leading Scorer)  + Potential #4 overall pick +potential mid 1st round pick +Lamb-High picked player+Cap Space
ocMan13::Dear little Seattle NBA fans. Like the commish said, you got your pound of flesh. The fine folks of OKC paid up and you up chucked so shut the heck up! Be happy. You got your gay marriage and your legal weed. So get high, go blow, and MOVE ON! Dear little Seattle NBA fans
ForeverGrapeOKC::And Sam Presti = GM of the year  Trades the ENTIRE BENCH TO HOUSTON BEFORE OPENING DAY  And OKC is better than last year
ldeweysurfs::I actually agree with you but I don't think he's a better scorer Kmart was a go to number 1 guy and he never went 14+ games w 25+ points but I do agree he is a solid scoring option behind Jamal Crawford one best scoring options off the bench
amtrack5::Harden was/is redundant for OKC.  You don't need a playmaker as 6th man..you just need a scorer.  Kevin Martin gives them everything Harden did except playmaking.  Do you need playmaking on a 2nd unit?  No.  Cuz likely the other second unit doesn't have it either.  Kevin Martin does what they really needed from Harden, and does it better.  Just need a scorer off the bench.  KM is a great scorer off the bench, case closed.
ldeweysurfs::Haha true
CBass1317::So start him.  SMH.
gorillaplus2000::Harden is a great player, and I think he made the best decision for himself. He deserved to be a starter, and I'm sure the money was vindication as well.  He can now truly shine and show what he can do in Houston, and he just never would have been able to do that in OKC.
springfresh3.1::Or was it the money. Im sure he would have liked to start but it wasnt going to happen in OKC. I can only wish him the best in Htown and for them to build around him
gorillaplus2000::Harden said many things publicly, but he was not satisfied in a bench role.  Howard said he loved SVG and Orlando, I'm sure that was true.
springfresh3.1::Harden had started for OKC a few games and it was a disaster...Im not saying it would have stayed that way but Brooks wanted Harden as a 6th man and James had no problem with it,.,,in fact he even was quoted saying he liked his position. Either way he is gone, no turning back, no point in dragging this debate
ldeweysurfs::Do you thunder fans think KD Russ ibacka and not improving as players them self??? Maybe that's why your better team and if you had harden it could be scary how good you guys would be
gorillaplus2000::Tell me about Harden's great defense.  Mike D'Antoni likes your attitude.
CBass1317::Yep, Thabo is so great that you have NO CHOICE but to trade Harden.  Yep.  Makes perfect sense.
gorillaplus2000::What starting position was Harden going to play?  Thabo is their best wing defender, so unless Harden could play center, he was coming off the bench.
springfresh3.1::I dont doubt it but again not going to relish the past..we are looking present and future and OKC is doing a-ok
gorillaplus2000::Harden also wanted to be a starter, do not be a fool and think he was satisfied coming off the bench.
CBass1317::dude, Harden is what, 23?  Jury is still out and will be for a decade on that one.  Don't be short sighted.
KiD.Clutch.35::So, in the only meeting between LAC and OKC this season, who won?
ldeweysurfs::Again credit coaching or scouting bc you take cp3 out the game we aren't all that .. You guys have 2 best scorers in the league to turn to when it ain't flowing as a team you had three but only 2 now
gorillaplus2000::Who was going to be the wing defender when all 3 were on the court?
ForeverGrapeOKC::OKC  Thabo locked up CP3 and threw away the key
KiD.Clutch.35::I know. Just calling out idiots.
AndrewOKC::I think Brook's transition in our second unit rotation from a complete 5 man switch, to a more staggered approach where Durant and Westbrook are only shortly off the floor at the same time.  This gave benchers like Collison, Reggie Jackson, and even Martin time with starters like they did tonight
Kobelies247::LA FOR THE WIN........ No good~
ForeverGrapeOKC::That being said.....we OWN Harden. We MADE Harden  Houston does NOT want to see us in round 1......at all
ldeweysurfs::True true  your preaching to choir story of our squad
ldeweysurfs::Yea your preaching to the choir boss we had the best pitching staff around but got bounced early bc we couldn't hit the ball I know what you mean but it wasn't you I disagree w it's the ppl that honestly are thinking k mart is an upgrade from harden as a player .. I consider presti a genius lamb is a future star he dominated in college n this lottery pick has a chance to be someone really special I just wish we could seem harden Russ n KD together for another 5 years and see what hardware they brought home
ldeweysurfs::Obvi not apparent enough when homie @big145fly. thinks I claim I play bball and I don't consider academics stupid reason I chose to go to school and not just go straight to single A as a 21st rounder.. So no I don't think academics are stupid I just know I ain't the smartest person but I was lucky to be athletic so thanks buddy
gorillaplus2000::You cannot have just a team of scorers. A team where every player is an offensive threat and a defensive stopper would be great, but it isn't reality.  To put it more in your terms, who cares if you have a team full of great batters, but they are poor fielders, and your pitchers are mediocre.  You need defense as well as offense to win, in every sport.
ldeweysurfs::And yes as a fan of sports and hang out with basketball I agree with your assessment but don't you think KD has taken on that role bc he knows he lost a ball handler for a guy who shoots only ??
gorillaplus2000::They have 2 upcoming ball handlers in Liggins and Reggie, and Lamb as well now. Only 5 players can be on the court, and there is only 1 basketball.  You need role players as well, not a complete roster of superstars.
ldeweysurfs::I play baseball you moron
gorillaplus2000::And you consider academics stupid, yes we know, your posts make that very apparent.
ldeweysurfs::Yea I'm a clippers fan and unless Jamal goes crazy we don't execute in half court enough.. But thunder fans will realize how important harden was when game slows down just like cavs fans learned the 3 years LBJ cavs had 60+ reg season sins n got bounced by defense minded teams
big145fly::Your analyses of how the Harden trade will effect OKC now has me certain that you don't play for UCLA. If you did play basketball you would know getting rid of Harden for a bench scorer like Kmart has allowed KD to flourish in the secondary ball handling role, hence the increase in assists this year.
springfresh3.1::LeBron was kind of a big deal for CLE...Harden was the spark OKC had off the bench but OKC isnt struggling without him right now
Kobelies247::you wont beat the clippers so it doesnt matter.....
ForeverGrapeOKC::Clippers??? get real
KiD.Clutch.35::Rob......go to bed
ldeweysurfs::Not from Florida your closer then I'am
ldeweysurfs::No only heat put me there so thanks for dying my life for month last year bc my roommate n 2nd baseman is a die hard heat fan so don't choke again if u can get there bc they will be
gorillaplus2000::Sounds like the bath salts are kicking in.
KiD.Clutch.35::???
ForeverGrapeOKC::He is a serious Thunder hater. When we win the title he'll be on suicide watch
ForeverGrapeOKC::CBass your hatred of this Thunder team is so apparent its scary
CBass1317::Hatred?  How have I been hating?  Show me one comment saying they are a bad team?  Please.  I can wait.
CBass1317::was that a quote of mine?  Oh, know it wasn't.  I can keep waiting if you want.
ForeverGrapeOKC::Your hatred is emanating from the screen
676Rob::K MART A BETTER PLAYER THAN HARDEN? LMFAO, PASS THAT SHI.T GRAPE
ldeweysurfs::And if I was an Internet braggart I would claim I was on the bball team since I'am on a basketball message board the last time I checked I was simply referring to the fact that I don't hate the thunder I enjoy watching Russell n a young team and anything but the heat.. And your talking $@%! on my academics which is fair lucky to be an athlete it's a cake walk they just hand you grades its pretty nice
ldeweysurfs::Klove**
gorillaplus2000::There is a cap in basketball, and it doesn't work in real life like it does on the PS3.  You cannot keep every player you want, and they needed Ibaka's defense a lot more than they needed Harden's scoring.  End of story.
ldeweysurfs::Yea ppl who bring it up out the blue maybe but when you belittle someone character over message board makes you a $@%!$ and your not a @%!$@ are you?? Sometimes generalization are false I was taking reasonably w ppl and telling them why I enjoy the thunder bc I play for UCLA and you still see guys like Kline n Russ around the gym so I enjoy watching those guys ball out
big145fly::bullllssshiitttt you play for UCLA on a full ride.
ldeweysurfs::Thunderguy80 clearly stated Kmart was a better player and yea I don't rely on academics got a full ride on athletics something you prob wouldn't know if it hit you in the face so keep working on ur SATs
gorillaplus2000::Sure you did.  Internet braggarts are frauds.
ldeweysurfs::You and thunder guy 80 are claiming he is a better player I respect the rest of your fan hood claiming he fits better I don't agree but he is no where best the talent .. Forgot k Mart  gets call for Olympic teams right??
gorillaplus2000::I loved Harden, and still wish him nothing but the best, but every professional sports team has to make tough decisions.   With what they got in the trade for the present and future, and with the way the Thunder have played this year, it obviously was a good trade.
springfresh3.1::When there was a way to keep Harden, I was excited but then when it was all over, yeah I was disappointed, I liked the guy but he made the choice and we move on, Im not going to stew over something I have no control over.  Preseason everybody said OKC was going to suck and Kmart is suspect....well its almost the break and OKC is doing just fine
CBass1317::Dude, you should learn to read.  Don't lump me with that guy.  I have been saying that I am suprised more Thunder fans do not have some regret about the deal.  There seems to be unanimous blind support for a trade that did not have to be made.  Are there any OKC fans out there that wish it hadn't happened?  Why did you guys not want to watch the young trio grow together for a decade?
gorillaplus2000::You and Cbass should work on your reading comprehension.  No one has ever said K Mart is better than Harden as an individual player.  The Thunder are a better overall TEAM with K Mart, cap space, picks and young players, than Harden.   The stats don't lie.
gorillaplus2000::Better fit for a bench scoring role, but you just keep up your stupidity, it really makes me laugh.
ForeverGrapeOKC::never said he was
springfresh3.1::CBass1317 - springfresh3.1 - I dont think we're too worried about the rug being pulled as long as Presti stays with this org  -----------  Did Presti build Durant out of clay or something?  Its called LUCK in the draft.  Again, loss of perspective.     --------------------------------  Quote of the night since Presti was lucky 4x to have drafted Harden, Ibaka, and Russ.  Then he picked up Liggins in which tonight showed was another great pick up. Man Presti is one lucky guy
linhbach88::Lakers have turned it up the past two games...Kobe is playing more unselfishly and is still scoring at least 30 ppg...
CBass1317::Or you gotta be LA or NY and sign them in free agency or orchestrate a trade.  But we are talking Thunder here, and almost all teams in the league for that matter.
CBass1317::They could have kept Harden.  Would have been tax money.  But they could have absolutely kept him.  Would have been an INCREDIBLE four man core all in their early 20s.  Scary.
gorillaplus2000::You cannot keep every star, and the Thunder needed Ibaka's defense more than they needed Harden's scoring.
CBass1317::I agree.  I hate the Lakers so happy to see them fail.  But the point stands ... all-nba players usually do not sign as FAs with smaller markets.  Draft is what you need.
gorillaplus2000::Yeah, how is that working out for the Lakers this year?
CBass1317::Its all about Durant.  Everybody knows that.  Those other guys are great.  But do you think Manu and Parker lead the Spurs to multiple titles without Duncan?  You can make very smart decisions, and Presti is smart, but it takes the center piece to win titles.  They come along once every 5 or 6 years at most, and you gotta hope your team was terrible the year before and gets a top pick.  Simple.
gorillaplus2000::I actually believe that the trade of Harden has helped open the door for Durant to have career numbers in assists and rebounds this season, and made him an even better all around player.
CBass1317::Any GM with that pick takes Durant.  1st pick there was more of a toss up, but Portland made their decision for them.  Just like EVERY gm takes Anthony Davis, and every GM would take Shaq, and every GM would have taken Duncan.  It is luck to be in that position and have the pick.  With that said, Presti has made other great picks.  Not denying that.  But it is the Durant pick that holds it all together, and gives the team a REAL chance to beat a team like the Heat.  He is the diamond.
durant.4.mvp::You're aware that Presti drafted Durant as well, right?
durant.4.mvp::so?? we take Kevin Durant for granted?
springfresh3.1::Im not going to type up all his credentials, point is Cbass thinks OKC have spoiled fans and are ungrateful for the Thunder
Sonic_Sooner::CBAss is basing his opinion on something Bill Simmons wrote?  Yeah, THAT'S a real objective opinion.... NOT!
springfresh3.1::Well then, we will have to let the time tell because this was the choice Harden made. This is what makes a good GM and a business owner, you have to come in with #s that you are willing to work with and if you start going over, then bad things can happen.  Presti did what he felt he could but instead got a trade deal that seem legit.  I guess in a few years we will see if it was a regrettable mistake
CBass1317::You are assuming they could not break the bank.  But they could have.  Simmons wrote an article laying out the numbers immediately after the deal.  Would have been tax money, for sure, but the team would have been worth it.  Plus, fans are selling out every game and probably three rounds of playoffs every year.  Plenty of money.  Miami is really, really good, and will probably reload at some point considering the destination.  But with 3 all-stars and a DPY candidate all locked up, Thunder could have been consistently better.  They could still be, but ALOT more questions now.
springfresh3.1::I was saying all last season that the time to pick Harden or Ibaka would come and I always said to keep Ibaka and let Harden walk. Presti tried hard to make it work but instead Harden chose  $5M more then to stick with OKC and a contending team. But its business and every person has the right to make his or her choice
CBass1317::you are kind of obsessing over me.  But anyways, if i was a Thunder fan, I would have hoped they would have kept him at all costs.  He is young, incredibly talented, a good citizen, a great teammate, etc. etc. etc.  The trade was a good haul for sure, but why make the trade?  Keep them together for 10 years.  I am just surprised that almost ZERO thunder fans are willing to acknowledge some regret over the deal.  Harden is a special player.  Who knows about the other pieces.  Why give up a sure thing?
gorillaplus2000::And then picked up Martin and Lamb for Harden, who they weren't going to give a max contract to come off the bench anyway.
AndrewOKC::Essentially Harden for   Kevin Martin, their leading scorer Jeremy Lamb, high pick potential 4th overall pick potential mid 1st pick Cap Space Pretty nice work if you ask me
AndrewOKC::Ibaka is good scouting.  and a lot of people thought we took Harden to high, we took him over Curry at least....I think there is some more presti here than you give it credit
big145fly::I thought he was a reach until last year, I mean tyreke was still out there too. I give him all the credit in the world looking back.
ForeverGrapeOKC::Is Harden a better PLAYER than Kmart??? No  Is Martin a BETTER FIT for THIS team???? You betcha The stats bear that out
ldeweysurfs::Kmart is not an upgrade yes finally a thunder fan w knowledge .. Your team may e better bc your players are getting better like most players do Durant Russ n iblocka all are improving n will continue if u kept harden could been scary this year but I liked the deal presti is a genius
springfresh3.1::Cbass  did you not read what I said below...Kmart IS not an upgrade to the team..man you have serious emotional problems
CBass1317::Where is Spring at?  This comment shows the lack of perspective I speak of.  It is all over these message boards.  Fans in denial.
KiD.Clutch.35::No he didn't you jerkoff.
gorillaplus2000::Martin is a better fit for the role.  Rob is clueless about basketball, he would pay Harden a max contract to come off the bench.
676Rob::LMFAO YOU JUST LOST ALL CREDIBILITY, $@%!$ CLOWN
ForeverGrapeOKC::Increase in assists per game, points per game decreased turnovers increased defensive efficiency
AndrewOKC::A lot of the reason why Martin is struggling is because, like Harden in his early years, we aren't using him right.  Yes, he is a great corner 3 point shooter, but he has a mid range game that is a big part of his offense
ldeweysurfs::I don't Russ went to UCLA my school so I' kinda like OKC just can't believe you fans actually think Kmart is an upgrade makes you guys seem like you have no bball knowledge
ldeweysurfs::Not a lakers fan I mean yea I watch them and rather them then others but I'm from SD actually more a clippers fan .. N yea when u play baseball for UCLA you don't need the academics u dick. But again I just don't get how k Mary fits better when u had three superstars all same age who were best friends on and off the court in 10 years your all going to look back ringless and wonder what could of been
gorillaplus2000::Dewey's just mad because his Lakers won't even make the playoffs this year.
durant.4.mvp::I think UCLA must have poor academic standards because you have reading comprehension problems. Nobody thinks KMart is a better basketball player than James Harden, we just think the trade was mutually beneficial! Jesus.
CBass1317::Your boy Thunder guy wrote exactly that -- that Martin was better AND better for the team.  Reading is fundamental my man.
ForeverGrapeOKC::Now I get it  Laker fan
AndrewOKC::an upgrade to who
springfresh3.1::I dont think Kmart is an upgrade at all, I think he is fitting the role that was given to him
springfresh3.1::Dont mess with Cbass, he is an ESPN INSIDER and will get mad if you say ship instead of chip...oh and he doesnt like you to LOL because its not funny ....LOL
KiD.Clutch.35::Why  is Dewey reaming OKC fans so hard?.
ldeweysurfs::Hate most those teams more just a fan of bball from SD grew up clippers fan .. But more a UCLA bball fan n fan of all NBA teams hate the heat more then a home n LBJ .. Durant my favorite player just don't get how you idiots think Kmart is an upgrade or fits better he's already has more single digit scoring games then harden had all last year and
ForeverGrapeOKC::My guess??  Laker fan Spurs fan or Heat fan
andylv1005::i say its a win because they kept the thunder under 100
ForeverGrapeOKC::CBass1317 - You sure about that?  Last I checked Miami won 4 of 5.  SMH ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Yea....Harden was awesome in that series. We miss him dearly
CBass1317::you said OKC was the best team in the league and that was my response.  But thanks for trying to take it out of context.  big of you.
ForeverGrapeOKC::Stay tuned :)
CBass1317::I must have missed this seasons playoffs?  or did they start giving titles out for a good record through mid-January?
ForeverGrapeOKC::We are the best team in the league this season
KiD.Clutch.35::Harden defense was SPOTTY at best
ForeverGrapeOKC::The only people who say Harden was a good defender are NON-thunder fans  Why do they think Thabo started over him???????
ForeverGrapeOKC::When did Harden ever play defense just curious???
KiD.Clutch.35::Why do so many opposing fans have such an issue with OKC fans being happy with the Harden/Martin trade.
durant.4.mvp::I think they just can't believe our luck. But it's not really luck.
springfresh3.1::Let them, hating is easy and we'll just sit back and enjoy what we got
ForeverGrapeOKC::They are the same people that said we'd suck without him  now they're pissed
ForeverGrapeOKC::Harden is like 3rd in the league in turnovers    He can keep that in Houston thank you very much
ForeverGrapeOKC::Calm down OKC Haters!!  We dont miss Harden and his extra 3 assists a game
springfresh3.1::and now I am laughing out loud after reading all this LOL...internet is serious business
LetsPlayScRyB::right....like job much???
CBass1317::Still too new to the pro sports game to know just how special of a thing you had.  3 all-star players, all the same age.  All good friends and all willing to make minor sacrifices.  Just doesn't happen.  You guys have been spoiled so far, but some day you'll realize what a shame it was that we could not watch those 3 play together for 10 years.
LetsPlayScRyB::CBass as a fellow heat fan i would just let them talk and not say anything and hope that both our teams r in the finals again this year
springfresh3.1::CBass must be busily googling to confirm it LOL
springfresh3.1::Presti also drafted Harden, Ibaka and Russ
CBass1317::springfresh3.1 - I dont think we're too worried about the rug being pulled as long as Presti stays with this org  -----------  Did Presti build Durant out of clay or something?  Its called LUCK in the draft.  Again, loss of perspective.
springfresh3.1::CBass1317 - you forgot the LOL.  or was that comment less funny to you?  ----  see youre emotional and taking this personally LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL
CBass1317::you forgot the LOL.  or was that comment less funny to you?
springfresh3.1::CBass1317 - I just see too many people typing ship.  That guy though he was really smart, and then he kept saying ship.  Just think its funny is all.  I can't take people seriously that type so many LOLs.  Nobody is laughing out loud.  Just makes you look like an idiot fake laughing at your own non-funny comments.  ------  Youre seriously taking this to heart,,,wow..You sound like an angry person in real life that goes off quite easily...chill
CBass1317::I just see too many people typing ship.  That guy thought he was really smart, and then he kept saying ship.  Just think its funny is all.  I can't take people seriously that type so many LOLs.  Nobody is laughing out loud.  Just makes you look like an idiot fake laughing at your own non-funny comments.
springfresh3.1::I dont think we're too worried about the rug being pulled as long as Presti stays with this org
CBass1317::@ spring:  I would have thought so too.  But then Thunder fans continuously demonstrate a lack of perspective here.  Now that you are emotionally involved, it is harder to be reasonable.  Plus the rug still hasn't been pulled out.  OKC lucked out and walked into a superstar in Durant.
springfresh3.1::Besides how can anyone take you seriously when you argue about if its chip or ship LOL
CBass1317::You sure about that?  Last I checked Miami won 4 of 5.  SMH
springfresh3.1::Ok, so does that mean Iowa, Nebraska, Bama, Nevada etc that dont have pro sports mean they dont know pro sports???  This logic is so flawed
ForeverGrapeOKC::We the best team in the NBA   We'll try not to cry to bad
springfresh3.1::These stupid redundant arguments are like haters harping about the Sonics....OKC must be doing something right since they are in every non-Thunder fans heads
ldeweysurfs::i mean its dummies like you that make me genralize thunder fans as comparing  a 6th man of the year winner and olympic gold medalist  james harden to KMART  like you all think  KMART is better stop blabbing out your $@%
ldeweysurfs::you never answered but avoided the ???  how in 1/3 of season has KMART already had more single digit games then harden had in the entire season last year?/   n kmart play d  LMAO.. least harden AVG 2 steals a game for you last year   K MART dont avg  1 st
ldeweysurfs::then why has he already had more single digit games in 1/3 of season then harden had in the entire Season&gt;????  and harden had more assists less turnovers more rebs and played better D
ForeverGrapeOKC::Harden is like 3rd in the league in turnovers   He can keep that in Houston
ForeverGrapeOKC::Harden played defense???? Lmao!!!
ldeweysurfs::so does K MART
ForeverGrapeOKC::No he doesnt
springfresh3.1::Let it go dude, Im just happy Kmart turned out to be worthy of what we had to get in return.  He could have been a serious bust but proven wasnt.
ForeverGrapeOKC::Harden was good....he struggles against teams that play good defense...like Miami
ForeverGrapeOKC::Harden was great when he was here. But Kmart fits this team better
ldeweysurfs::im im not talking houston stats you idtiot
ForeverGrapeOKC::Why??? He would get less minutes than hes getting in Houston which means he would put up the same number of points Kmart is putting up.
ldeweysurfs::no he doesnt  ur team is just beast  and each individual is better  KD IS better serge is better and RUSS is better  you guys would be like 34-5 with harden
springfresh3.1::what is the point of all this?  youre not even an OKC fan so why do you keep harping on this
ForeverGrapeOKC::KD carried us tonight
ldeweysurfs::@thunderguy80   whats up stats never lie right&gt;?????  james harden last year scored in double figures in every game BUT 3 games and in those three games he had at least 4 assists and 3 rebs... so @thunderguy80 why in the last 30 days has K MART in games  tonight vs portland.. 1-8 4pts 2 reb 2 assists 2 turnovers  washington.... 3-12 8 pts 2 reb 0 assists  pheonix... 2-12 6 pts 1 reb 2 assists ..... STATS never lie right??? @thunderguy80
ldeweysurfs::if slump you mean over a month period followed by an ok game and then the typical K MART clunker then yea  hes always slumping i guess
KiD.Clutch.35::Kevin Martin bring OKC exactly what it needs.  He's in slump.  Leave it alone man.
KiD.Clutch.35::Anybody ever watch HOMELAND??
springfresh3.1::No but American Horror Story is awesome
springfresh3.1::Too many Flaker idiots on the Laker board
SOONER478::Russel Westbrook MVP!
Chargers_4_Sale::Who wants to bet tomorrow Marc Stein will place Thunder 2nd and the Heat 1st.
durant.4.mvp::shouldn't. They just lost to the Blazers then we beat the Blazers.
tillersouthpaw::I love it when the OKC Thunder fans show up in their retro sonics gear at portland games. True Thunder fans!
durant.4.mvp::The trolls were weak sauce tonight.
gorillaplus2000::Very weak.
Kobelies247::Look on the bright side Blazer fans, in about 6 more years this team should just about be able to beat the thunder on a regular basis :)
CandySparker:::)
thunderguy80::ldeweysurfs - thunder fans are joke comparing K mart to   HARDen is RIDICULOUS... harden is better at everything he does... now your 2nd unit has nobody to handle the ball and make easy baskets...  let alone harden doesnt go games with 4 pts and ONLY 2 reb and 2 assists  U sir r the one who's a joke and obviously knows very little about basketball...since Kmart has joined the Thunder offensively and defensively OKC numbers r up...Kmart is avg 3 more points a game then what Harden avg last season so all u trolls talking about OKC missing Harden the stats don't lie...Harden Westbrook and Durrant ould all drive to the rim but only Durrant had the outside jump shots Harden doesn't,with Kmart now u have a few outside shooters which now opposing defenses have 2 spread the floor and respect the mid 2 long range shots which OKC really didn't have last year which opens the paint up 4 players like Perkins,Collison
ldeweysurfs::james harden last year scored in double figures in every game BUT 3 games and in those three games he had at least 4 assists and 3 rebs... so @thunderguy80 why in the last 30 days has K MART in games tonight vs portland.. 1-8 4pts 2 reb 2 assists 2 turnovers washington.... 3-12 8 pts 2 reb 0 assists pheonix... 2-12 6 pts 1 reb 2 assists ..... STATS never lie right??? @thunderguy80
ldeweysurfs::and a Huge reason they GOT there
ldeweysurfs::plus may i remind you that defense WINS SHIPS .. thats why the heat DOMinated you idiots and K MART is a defense of liability reason he avgs more fouls the rebounds.. and avgs more turnovers then assists
springfresh3.1::Are you guys really arguing over if ship or chip is the right word LOL
CBass1317::Borba, so what is your point then?  This is a discussion about Harden and K-Mart.
CBass1317::Ch'ip.  Dude, listen to what they are saying.
Matthew Borba::ChampionSHIP.
CBass1317::And the slang is "chip," not "ship."  I see this all over these boards.  People think they sound cool, but just sound wrong.  Listen to the Kobe and Pierce sound bites ... they are CLEARLY saying CHIP.
Matthew Borba::Did I say anything about he deserved to be traded, or that he's better than KMart? No. So let's not put word in my mouth.
CBass1317::Borba, if you think that means he should be traded, you are one short sighted fan.  But hey, you guys have had a team for like 5 years or something, right?
Matthew Borba::Harden is a HUGE reason why Thunder lost in the Finals.
ldeweysurfs::harden AVG 3 more assists per game.... 4 more rebs per game... 1 more steal per game... and was able to make a offense who stuggles when the game slows down easier by distributing easy plays with great passes which you should know SLOW
CBass1317::dude, we know why the Thunder made the decision they did --- $$$.  but don't try and argue K-Mart is better than Harden, or better in the Thunder's system.  he is not half the player.  floor spacers can be had cheap.  Harden, on the other hand, can run a team and is the type of "any given night" player that helps win championships.  K-Mart fits well and considering the other pieces they got in the trade, management took lemons and made lemonade.  but Harden is a total stud.  he will be a perennial all-star.
ldeweysurfs::another fatty trying to act like he knows bball you guys lost last year  BC heat are way better defensive team   HARDen 10x better defender and if stats dont lie then hear you go
KiD.Clutch.35::I think Russ is my hands down favorite NBA player.
NYballer6969::Nice to know that there is someone in the league that makes Melo , look like an efficient volume shooter..Thank You Russell Westbrook !
ldeweysurfs::melo makes russ look super efficient least RUSS misses layups and drives... melo just HOISTS stupid 3 pt shots that nobody makes and complains more then kobe to refs
NYballer6969::Westbrick is approaching 35% shooting for the season !  The worst shooting team in the league every year, shoots from 41% -43% , they never make the Playoffs ! W/o Durant shooting 52% this team would be a lottery team ! The teams are salivating come Playoff time that Westbrick will take 30 shots a game !
YRndMadness::Thanks for making the Durant for MVP argument.
durant.4.mvp::Russ is shooting 42%, not 35%.
Epicurusxm::And Westbrook is shooting 41% for the season, not even close to 35%. 44% over his last 10 and 47% in January. You just make things up to suit your argument, apparently.
gorillaplus2000::What is Westbrook's PER compared to Felton's?
Epicurusxm::Cause Westbrook can't drop a 45 spot in the Finals, right? Comparing individual % to team % is cute too.
chris.stephenson::Nice to know that no matter how much you hate OKC still has the best record in the NBA
James Harden 3 point Celebration::bye...
springfresh3.1::Good job, you beat NOLA today
ldeweysurfs::thunder fans are joke comparing K mart to   HARDen is RIDICULOUS... harden is better at everything he does... now your 2nd unit has nobody to handle the ball and make easy baskets...  let alone harden doesnt go games with 4 pts and ONLY 2 reb and 2 assists
ldeweysurfs::or how about the SUNS game where he was 2-12 from the field with 6pts 1 reb and 2 assists???
ldeweysurfs::oh sorry 1 game isnt enough you want me to go back to the lowly wizards who are NBA worst defense  when k MART was 3-12 with 8 pts 0 assists 0 rebs and 1 turnover... another great game????
ldeweysurfs::yea portland doesnt have champoinship asspirations so comparing benches is pointless and yea harden did have a horrible finals i did watch i was OKC all the way hate the Heat thats why it kills me   OKC is relying on KMART this year  hes never played in a meaningful game
ldeweysurfs::i never seen harden with only 4 pts 2 reb n 2 assists... if he aint scoring hes at least getting 5 assists and 5 reb... hes a better athlete basketball player and MOST IMPORTANT  Defender  he was able to guard LBJ and Dwade when asked something K MART WONT AND CANT
Epicurusxm::Haha. You are foolish if you think Harden was defending any better and you still are trying to put on that I'm saying Martin is better than Harden. You are laughable at arguing this point. I know Harden is better, but Kevin Martin is doing just fine. Posting 1 game stats is silly.
durant.4.mvp::You must have not watched the NBA Finals
ldeweysurfs::its working now bc its regular season the game hasnt slowed down and once it does like tonight it did and he went 1-8 from the field with 4 pts 2 reb and 2 assists  that is AWFULLL   thats a terrible game
durant.4.mvp::Agreed. It's not acceptable, but Harden had some games like that as well coming off the bench for us. He had them every game in the Finals, in fact.
Epicurusxm::Go check out the Portland bench. I'll think we'll be ok with Kevin Martin.
ldeweysurfs::then tell your motley crue whose had a good team for what 4 years... to stop comparing JAMes Harden to  K MART and that its not going to hurt come playoff time  bc he was a major asset... personally i like trade alot  LAMB is a baller and was cltuch in college and the way pressy drafts your lottery pick is guranteed MONey
durant.4.mvp::this is something you're dreaming up in your peabrain.
ldeweysurfs::well i know someone obvi has to but reggie sure didnt do it when harden was there  BC SCOTT BROOKS KNew better
durant.4.mvp::yeah, dumb@ss, nobody thinks Kmart is better than Harden. We couldn't afford Harden, yet our production has not been affected whatsoever, because we are very fortunate with how Kmart fits in. Plus we got Lamb and two draft picks.
Epicurusxm::You continue to act like Thunder fans don't know that Harden is good. We know he's good, but the front office sacrificed that because they thought it was the best business decision. That is what the NBA is at it's core. They know they can compete with Durant and Westbrook running the show. Add in their potential defensive player of the year PF and Harden was the obvious odd man out.
ldeweysurfs::reggie how many assists he have all year combined like 30 he doesnt demand the respect or make the plays HARDen did or can ... another joke of a comparison and yes i know reggie played at boston college  great bball school too ton of great players
Epicurusxm::I wasn't comparing him to Harden. I was telling you who handled the ball for the second unit, because you claimed that they didn't have anyone to do it. You aren't a know it all.
springfresh3.1::Yet OKC shut him down twice...bye
CBass1317::how is that relevant to his point?
durant.4.mvp::my god, you people are slow.
Epicurusxm::Reggie Jackson is the 2nd unit ball handler. Good to know you don't watch the Thunder actually play.
OptimusPrime200.0::Durants a damn good player
ForeverGrapeOKC::we know
James Harden 3 point Celebration::gg blazers
