Chase::Honestly, I was going to get on here and #$%$ and I see that Jeff, John, Kmike and Cyril took the words right out of my mouth.  Unreal.  If Smith and Jennings simply played with a Team first attitude, the other accolades will fall into place but just horrible decision making and a coach that is just sitting back and letting them do it.  From Dumars on down, if this doesnt change, its going to be a long season.  I truly believe with the right coaching and game plan, the Pistons can make the playoffs this year.  Well see
Jeff::It's sad to see such talent go to waste due to poor decision making.  The Pistons have the front court to be a playoff team if only Jennings distributed more wisely and Smith stopping chucking ill-advised threes.  But those are pretty big "Ifs".
John Mardeusz::Put Jerebko in and keep him there, he has more talent than Jennings & Smith.
KMike::Dumars evidently thought they could take Smith and make him a mid range to inside player. He also thought they could take Jennings and get him to distribute the ball more. If you let both play thirty minutes plus every night, they'll have fifty shots combined every game, half of them threes. You go, Joe.
Cyril::Josh Smith three-point record update:  He's still shooting them, and they're still not going in.  He's at 7-28 for the season and is 4-21 in the last three games.  He also now has 19 turnovers for an average of 4.8 per game.   This morning Mike Woodson reportedly stuck his head out the window and saw his shadow, which means you can expect another 6 months of Josh Smith shooting ice cold.
it is what it is::The Pistons had a horrible night shooting from 3 point range.  A few more made 3's and the game could have been different.  The Pacers aren't going to set any scoring records but their defense is tight.  Hibbert is averaging more than 5 blocks per game.  That number probably won't stay that high during the course of the season, but he's already generating talk for DPOY.  The additions of CJ Watson and Sloan are already paying off with G Hill being injured and missing the past 2 games.  Both of them have played well.  Got the Bulls tonight at BLF.  Should be a sellout and a rowdy crowd.  Barring injuries to key players, the Pacers have a legit shot at getting the #1 seed this season.  It will probably take at least 65 wins to get that #1.
doomshades::Seems like George is indeed turning out into a legitimate superstar for the Pacers. On the other side, too bad Detroit will be stuck with Smith and Jennings until 2015/16. These two chuckers will definitely limit Monroe and Drummond's development.
Raphael::I wish Mo Cheeks all the success in the world. He was a class act as a player and continues to be as a coach.
KMike::Pistons are progressing slightly. They play something resembling basketball for about 30 out of 48 minutes, instead of the 20 from two years ago. But same old shooting stuff. 38% usually loses in the NBA
Rico M::Im not a Pacer fan but they are looking like the best team in the NBA this year. Solid Solid team. Paul George is playing more and more in the same caliber as Lebron James except that LBJ is a better passer. The Eastern Conference is gonna win it all again this year. Either through the Heat or Indiana.
