chipchew123::yey last comment. Pistons r gonna be gud pretty soon
__Heatster_.::portland is gay
58rhodes::How did we go from the youngest team to retirement city in 2 yrs?
wp343434::Paul Allen sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  He has no idea how to run a sports organization!!!!!!!!!!  Just go away Paul!!!!!!!!!!
58rhodes::Look at the Nets and the Knicks
dlions663::Did the Pistons really win? I must be dreaming
RocHawks::"Jonas Jerebko left with a bloody face after being caught by Craig Smith's elbow while the Portland player was going to the basket with 7:46 left. Jerebko was called for a foul on the play and had two stitches on his lower lip."  Haha, and HE was called for the foul? NBA refs are the best in the world
58rhodes::that was pretty bad
Niners_2012_Champs::lol@all the blazer fans who thought their team was NBA finals bound after the 1st 2 weeks of the season.
Mike43635::So iam looking around at the  scores tonight....  for the most part   all the games that   u would  have guessed would  or should win,  WON,   Dallas beat NO,   OKC takes down  NJ which was pretty predictable,  hmm lets see  Atlanta smokes Cleveland,  which was a given,  Memphis beats  the Kings, pretty easy to guess,    Bulls beat  Bobcats  pretty easy to predict,   granted Bulls, Memphis,  Hawks were at home,    but then i see Portland losing to a 3-13 team.    hmmmm   Portland  i think s the only good team in the NBA that is soo 50-50..
EnricoMeli::why is Nate still coaching this team?
58rhodes::When I was a kid the object of the game was to put the ball in the basket. Things change
58rhodes::8 fast break points lol
lightninhopkins2::This team is unknown to my Portland raised kids. We can never watch them because of the Comcast deal. They are now becoming fans of other teams.  As this blackout has continued I have found myself rooting against this organization. I am glad when they lose. The players seem like decent guys, but I (and my kids) cannot root for them. My kids don't know them and I hate the fact that they cut my boys out just to make a buck.  I hope this current Trailblazers ownership never wins a title.
BlazerSully::We're still a mediocre 6-8 seed team.  -Signed BlazerSully
58rhodes::currently we are not even that
Qster15::To lose to the Pistons like this... Blazers are hopeless
PortlandBlazers1004::We need to not take 3's and go into the paint. End of story.
ZeshawnC::15% from long range wont win you many games, it was just a bad day and nothing more. Blazers are solid, wish I could say the same about my pistons..........................sigh.
ZeshawnC::Blazers didn't shoot well, the pistons played hard. Good to see them finally get a win. I don't think this game is indicative of how the blazers will be.   Hopefully Joe Dumars doesnt ruin our lottery pick this year.
IcompletelyforgotwhoIam::As a Blazers fan i am somewhat suspicious that some of the Blazers players are taking some teams too lightly. I am not seeing the intensity against some of the lesser teams from some of the players even when it is not a back to back. I'm not positive, just a little nagging feeling. I hate to see this team lose against teams they are good enough to beat. But congrats to Detroit playing a very sound game and gritting out the win.
Kobelies247::Yes it will be...
IcompletelyforgotwhoIam::Look, we can criticize Nate a lot and he deserves some of it. But the fact is the Blazers players themselves have been failing miserably. This team is not going to win too many games if only one or two players play like they know how to win. The Blazers bench and several of their starters have been absolutely terrible on the road.  Maybe they are going out and having fun at night, if they are they need to seriously think about quitting doing anything fun in between games because it seriously seems that they don't have enough gas. It's not like they are the only team with a grueling schedule.
Kobelies247::Batum = 25mpg = NATE!
PortlandBlazers1004::We don't play good against bad teams but play great against great teams. When we make the playoffs we'll be playing great teams, not teams like the Pistons and Suns. So I'm not really worried at all.
Kobelies247::What a stupid thing to say,  And the suns beat us by 25!
Kobelies247::Use to be....
PortlandBlazers1004::Us??? Please don't tell me you're a Blazer fan??? You sound like you should go root for the Clippers or some other team with crappy fans.
whats in a user name anyway::pizza
esco7277::Where is all those garbage a$$ Failblazers fans now? look at  yall know you aint no bear!
Kobelies247::lol no idea!
PortlandBlazers1004::What does that even mean?!
Kobelies247::...
Slurm Soda::What's going on Portland?
Kobelies247::Even the griz scored 128 points tonight and the blazers can only manage 91 against the pistons?  Your days are numbered Nate!  Gratz
Kobelies247::Oh and its time LaMonster got his REAL name back!  LAMARSHA!   This dude is a CHUMP
Kobelies247::Wake up....
whats in a user name anyway::pizza
Kobelies247::Noone on here can afford tickets im sure...
whats in a user name anyway::So the corps pay...  -- That's exactly why "YOU" got passed over on that promotion or raise!...  Fools!
Kobelies247::Would it be wrong of me to say Wes matthews could be the WORST 2guard in the NBA?  Is that going to far?
DirkNowitzki4President::Where is that Portland troll that said Mavs would lose today without Dirk against New Orleans. How in the world did the Blazers lose to Detroit. The Mavs beat them by 20+
Heiroglyphic::I'm a Nuggets fan, but I know the Blazers are much better than this. Every team has a few bad nights, like when we lost to NO at home. I think we'll be seeing 4 NW teams in the playoffs this year.
mike_sully::Our first road trip last year ended like this, Im confident the blazers will pick it up
whats in a user name anyway::pizza
whats in a user name anyway::I see no reason to have more than 40 before the playoffs...  In any one full season.
58rhodes::this season should have been no more than 40 games
whats in a user name anyway::pizza
WoodwardAvenueDetroit::It's nice to finally get a win... Now if we can beat the Heat then we are really cooking!
58rhodes::you guys need some fans lol
58rhodes::Thats the truth
PortlandBlazers1004::Yeah our team lost and we're still here. Can you say dedicated?
PortlandBlazers1004::What's up with Batum signing an extension? There's 4 days left and I'm anxious as hell.
emmanopg33::thing is you would have no one to come in and play the 3 off the bench. So its him or wallace starting.
PortlandBlazers1004::You're not even making sense anymore. Go troll on another team's board.
PortlandBlazers1004::Matthews can play the 3 sometimes. He a good defender.
emmanopg33::and our defense would be ridiculous if that was our starters. Batum knows he is getting good, and he knows other teams will pay him big bucks. Its going to be hard to keep him happy coming off the bench.
PortlandBlazers1004::25 mins a night won't cut it for him.
emmanopg33::I think he could play the 2, can you imagine our height?
bigdogboy42::absolutely.
PortlandBlazers1004::And he needs more minutes like tonight!
bigdogboy42::If Paul Allen is serious about winning, Batum needs to be re-signed as the number 1 priority.
emmanopg33::I sure hope he does, but if he is smart he leave and go start somewhere. He is getting better every year. He is so young and talented, I hope he stays.
58rhodes::Why doesnt he play more? Thats one of my issues
58rhodes::Emma How many games have I posted negative about the Blazers?
58rhodes::Portlands win loss record is not bothering me.Its front office and Management. I think they paid too much for Wes way too much for Oden and Paul Allen is the general manager
emmanopg33::wes was playing great last year, he got in the mix with a lot of scorers now. you got 3 guards and 3 forwards that can all score. He is not 35 mil I will agree.
58rhodes::Wes is a good player but not 35 mil
58rhodes::among other things
PortlandBlazers1004::Oden is getting like 1.5 mill and Wes is a good investment. He started the season off slow last year, he just needs to find his rhythm.
emmanopg33::I want to win just as much as you, and \I think our coaching is the problem. But I still get excited for every game.
emmanopg33::we will agree to disagree on this one. I think we have alot of talent, but there is no reason why we should not be taking it to the rack more. They need to take away the 3 point shots from the Blazers arsonal, because we are getting killed as a jump shooting team, esspcailly on the road. Thats the coaches fault, not the players.
PortlandBlazers1004::Well he's letting us run this year, so that's a positive.
PortlandBlazers1004::Well actually just a tad bit because I want Batum and Nolan to get more minutes.
PortlandBlazers1004::Our coach is not the problem.
emmanopg33::Ive debated with you for the last 2 or 3 I believe. Before that I dont know. I am here every game though.
58rhodes::and all you do is slam my RIGHT to an opinion
58rhodes::3 games
PortlandBlazers1004::There is something positive we can take from this game, and the last. Felton is hitting most of his shots and not taking stupid shots.
emmanopg33::He isnt a real fan. He is from Troutdale. He is a bandwagon fan. Another one of those fans who have something positive to say only then they win.
emmanopg33::not you! Kobelies.
PortlandBlazers1004::So I say something positive about them when they lose a close game and I'm a bandwagon fan? This dude is crazy!
Kobelies247::Dude ive been trying to find positive things from this team for 15 years! IM DONE!!!!  Enjoy the ride SUCKA!
bigdogboy42::Yes.  Definition of bandwagon fan.  It's "us" when they win and "they" when they lose.
emmanopg33::LOL BANDWAGON AS HELL!!!!!!!! LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!
Kobelies247::You just lost to one of the WORST freaking teams in the NBA!   HOW CAN THAT BE POSITIVE? LOL JESUS!!!!
PortlandBlazers1004::A real fan always finds something positive from a loss. There's going to be a time when a really bad team plays good or a really good team plays bad. And should you even be talking?
emmanopg33::Good game Pistons, you outplayed us tonight. Goodnight folks. RIP CITY!!!
emmanopg33::P.S. Kobelies247 is a Blazer fan....He just said "You lost to one of the WORST freaking teams in the NBA!" he said "You lost" isnt it sad when you wont even claim your own city. He is from Troutdale. Man nights like this I wonder why our own fans hate their own team. What a joke.
bigdogboy42::Yes.  Definition of bandwagon fan.  It's "us" when they win and "they" when they lose.
whats in a user name anyway::pizza
jdredge::The NBA has appeared to clean up the officiating quite a bit the last few years, at least in the regular season, and it wasn't as bad in the playoffs last year.  Before that the NBA was fixed to the gills for about the last 20 years.  David Stern is a joke!!
58rhodes::I agree
whats in a user name anyway::I know you do... I see you "around" you know... lol...
bigdogboy42::I think the team would be better off with Batum starting at the 2 spot instead of Matthews.  He can defend and rebound better and has a much better average from 3-point land.  Until Matthews is hitting his shots, he doesn't bring enough to warrant starting.
jdredge::When will the team decide to fire conservative Nate?...
Dadsterbug::Nate gets outcoached often...because he's very one minded as far as plays go.  We really miss Roy...also...as the other go to guy.  We only have LA now...no other.  We miss what we've been accostumed to in the past...they guy that can have a chance to tie or win in the last second.  Roy was good from 30' &amp; in...and we just don't have any one else.
bigdogboy42::Exactly.  Every coach has strengths and weaknesses.  Nate is no offensive genius, but he has a good mind for defense and for developing players.  I'd like to see the Blazers hire an assistant coach who would essentially be the "offensive coordinator".
58rhodes::Hesa good inspiration for young players but is a terrible half court coach
PortlandBlazers1004::Nate is one of the best coaches in the league. Do you think they would choose him as an assistant coach for the olympics if he wasn't?
58rhodes::when will REAL Blazer fans see this?
Dadsterbug::Another typical Portland loss...Ourscore the other team from the field &amp; get beat at the free throw line.
PortlandBlazers1004::Crawford and Matthews need to make their shots. Boy how I wish Roy would come and coach them. Roy, if you're reading this we need your help. It's an emergency.
rromero076::It's funny how your commenting on something that has nothing to do with this conversation forum. Well first of all if your a fan of either team thats what this spot is for, don't ya think?????
emmanopg33::dude I love all these bandwagon blazer "fans" who use the words "we" and "our team." Then they sit here and talk trash night after night. If you hate the team so bad then jump off. You want to sit here and rag on your own team....why? Its so annoying.
emmanopg33::no, they didn't, and they haven't on the road. I only hope for some improvement.
IcompletelyforgotwhoIam::Maybe it is the Cub fan in me , but I feel similar. I have criticisms of this team after every loss and every win. But they are dealing with new players, almost no preseason and a ridiculously tough opening schedule and just the tight schedule in general. I am being somewhat forgiving as I recognize they have not had all that along to really gel as a team. This is going on around the league. Sure there a a handful of elite teams who look very convincing. Aside from that it is pretty much chaos. I turned off my expectation switch for this season when it did not start on time.
cowpoke85::Every team has trash fans bro... Even the Blazers...
emmanopg33::Id expect to get dogged out by Piston fans and Lakers fan etc when we lose, but our own fan base? seriously?
58rhodes::I never said theyre trying to lose, I said that they take advantage of their fan base
emmanopg33::you cant honestly believe the Blazers are trying to lose....
cowpoke85::If you bought tickets and I am in town I will buy them half price, since they are going to waste with you 58... Old $@%!, maybe you should retire from the game...
emmanopg33::don't buy tickets then. Ive been in the military for the last 8 years and havent been home for a long time. I would die for those tickets.
58rhodes::why not? seriously -this team has made terrible decisions at the expense of the season ticket holders
IcompletelyforgotwhoIam::It's one thing to criticize your own team, but it is polarizing when you do it and sound like you are a fan of another team.
bigdogboy42::Emma, do you think that the Blazers gave it their 100% effort tonight?
emmanopg33::then act like it. Stop crying like a little baby. You sound like a laker fan.
emmanopg33::Call me a jerk, but I support my team if they are 0-82 or 82-0. I love my city, I love my team. You turn your back on them with every loss. I'm sick of hear my own fan base talking sh.it. I'll be a jerk as long as I see that happening.
58rhodes::you area jerk of monumental proportions
emmanopg33::I know and they keep going. They will claim them when they are winning, but when they lose they join the other side. Horrible fans. Whats the def of bandwagon again 58rhodes?
IcompletelyforgotwhoIam::I think some of them are long time fans. What is weird to me though is this is not even close to one of the darkest eras in Blazers history right now as far as team play or team image.
emmanopg33::directed at 58rhodes, and a couple others. Worst "fans" I have ever seen. Please dont claim the Blazers, go jump on another bandwagon. You are not welcome here.
emmanopg33::your feeling hurt old man? find another franchise. stop trolling your own teams board.
emmanopg33::that makes me feel good then
58rhodes::im NOT your bro
58rhodes::oh that hurts my feelings
emmanopg33::you aint a fan, you are bandwagon, plain and simple. Your garbage and disgrace to the city.
emmanopg33::haha spoiled brat? you 60 bro?
58rhodes::Im here and what are you goin to do about it you spoiled little brat
Heidi01794::Who Beleives the pistons have potential to be a good team?????????/
Heidi01794::$@%! hows that
Heidi01794::yes they are i say cut em therye shiiiit
eazyt_971::Aren't they still stuck with the contracts of Ben Gordon and Charlie V for the next couple of years?
IcompletelyforgotwhoIam::It's the NBA. Somewhere, even if it is on the most minute level, every team has the potential to be a good team. It is just that a lot of the time potential never turns into reality. Then again sometimes complete dogs of teams will make it to the playoffs somehow. So who knows.
Heidi01794::next 3
58rhodes::possible
FormerlyKnownAsSpartanNo8::Within the next decade?
rromero076::Given where the blazers get in playoff position is what counts, They match up very well with OKC and the Lakers, which one of those teams im sure will be there in the conference finals, that says something for the blazers
cowpoke85::Big Twelve (previously Big Ten) College Football has been a joke lately...
cowpoke85::Oregon, Stanford (should have beat OSU), USC (crushed Oregon who beat Big 12's best), ASU, Washington almost beat Baylor (Big-12's second best team, UCLA is nothing special, but better than a lot of your conference. The rest was kind of trash, your bottom feeders are better than our bottom feeders...haha
FormerlyKnownAsSpartanNo8::How is UCLA better than a lot of our conference when they lost to our 2-6 Illini?
Heidi01794::Right Oregon Who else???
cowpoke85::How are they the third Strongest conference? SEC, Big 12, and PAC-12 are better...
Heidi01794::Msu won So did Michigan against top 15 so how can u say that
cowpoke85::How haven't they...? They beat up on each other then go lose bowl games, unless they play inferior talent.
FormerlyKnownAsSpartanNo8::Uhh that's the thing, they don't play inferior talent. They play virtual road games against teams that overmatch them, and still get a few wins here and there. Do you know how many Big Ten teams played a team with a worse conference record this bowl season? Zero. For example, Illinois was 2-6 in the B1G and they beat UCLA who was 5-4 in the Pac-12.
FormerlyKnownAsSpartanNo8::They're the third strongest conference at least. Please explain.
Heidi01794::how????
TannerOSU::3 games in a row and no rest.  nice NBA
Dadsterbug::Blazers have the worst sched in the conf...they are the only team with no more than 3 games in a row at home.  Most other west conf teams have multiple 4, 5 &amp; 6 games in a row at home with San Antonio having 7 &amp; Denver having 9.  Portland is the only team with a 6 &amp; a 7 roadie.  Denver has a 7 &amp; SA has an 8 but all the rest are short ones.
bigdogboy42::OKC had 3 in a row and won all 3.  All teams will have these tough stretches this season.  The real contenders will rise to the occasion.  Right now the Blazers aren't in that class.  Hopefully they will get there before the playoffs.
cowpoke85::The back-to-backs are kicking the crap out of the Blazers!
cowpoke85::There is no excuse... Players should be able to get up night in and night out... But they don't... It is disappointing. Celtics should be only team really struggling...
58rhodes::the whole league is suffering
bigdogboy42::There's no excuse.  They are young and healthy.  They just aren't bringing it every night.
CompletelyIrrevelant::Wasn't it Portland fans laughing at OKC when they lost with the Wizards?
IcompletelyforgotwhoIam::Hell, I never laughed at OKC's loss to the Wizards. The only team I ever laugh at irrationally when it comes to their losses is the Lakers. Even good teams are going to get bit by this schedule throughout the season. It is damn grueling. So I am not surprised when I see any of the teams with the best records lose to a team that has 2-4 wins.
cowpoke85::One, Pistons are better than Wizards... Two, any given night kids... any professional sport, any night, any team can win...
__Heatster_.::no, that was everyone.
CompletelyIrrevelant::Poor try, 2/10... you lost your magic long ago, Heatster.
NONEOFYOURGDAMNBIZNESS::Yep, Portland fans are freaks, I've seen them, they don;t like reality just the good things
58rhodes::We are on the same page.
Heidi01794::screw NBA Colege football where it at
Heidi01794::Msu and michigan big ten championship calling it
