WatergateSwag::Looks like calderons a main stay, Get rid of Bargiani hes garbage
King Lewey 13::Things look good without Bargnani send him to LA
diwalkah::LA don't want him, Colangelo is stuck wit him, bad draft pick.........lazy player.
HoraceGrants::We will win a championship before LeBron  -Dan Gilbert
sportsfan1014::Calderon outdualed Irving, Raps are on fire now..
jimkamlowsky::I'm so sick and tired of watching the Cavs and Byron Scott clearly tank games. I feel sorry for season ticket holders who actually have to drive into that pile of garbage known as Cleveland at night and dodge the homeless idiots to watch this junk. Hey Dan Gilbert, Seattle needs a team. If this is how you treat your fans then get out of town.
yata-9arasu::This is the only way we will build a team.  No one wants to play here.  Dan Gilbert and Chris Grant understand this because of the market.  Even bigger markets have done this to get the player they wanted.  Every seems to forget that Gilbert went over the cap and paid luxury tax almost every year James was here.  He did his part and I am pretty sure when the team is competitive he will resign the players if they want to be here.  And the Cavs are NOT moving anywhere.  Their contract at the Q is in not expiring any time soon.
yata-9arasu::"LOL Durant is overrated!!!  All he does is SCORE 25 a game but his team sucks!!!  Can't even win more than 22 games!!!  Don't get me started with that bust Westbrick and his horrible shooting %(below 40%)!!!"- OKC/SEA fans the first 2 years when the Thunder SUCKED which is exactly what people are saying about the Cavs.  PATIENCE EVERYONE.  It took them 3 years.
c2g1980::The Cavs have a bigger gripe because they had the best record in the league 2yrs in a row then the next yr they were the worst team in the league.
goosu123::I know, I can't stand the panic. It takes time to build a good team in a small market, OKC needed 3 years to get in the playoffs and 4 years just to become a contender.
yata-9arasu::Good game Raptors!  This is a disappointment but at least Waiters came back today.  Didn't see the game because of work but it looks like we gave up the game in the 4th.  Good luck this year Toronto!  GO CAVS!!!  P.S.- YenxRenx is just sad at this point...  I never said the Cavs were really good.  I've said several times that the team is not good but the guy just doesn't listen.  It is like he is talking to himself.
scottsvb1::you kids are dumb.. he sucks..understand that... he sucks and will always suck unless the Cavs can get a coach that can teach him and the team the fundelmentals of basketball. Don't cry that he's a rookie.. he's been playing ball since he was 8
yata-9arasu::You just don't get it.  This is probably the best for this young team.  We need another lottery pick.
goosu123::You're the child. Unless you are LA or Boston you are not going to build a competitive team in 1 year.
scottsvb1::Waiters lost the game for them. what you talking about.. He Sucks.. he needed 1-2 more years of College.. he's not LBJ...   He can't shoot...doesn't want to learn defense and has a attitude that he gets a paycheck now and don't need to be told what to do.   I would trade that $@%! for a decent vet who can shoot and play defense.
goosu123::Lol you're are so moronic and shortsighted. Waiters has the tools, he simply needs to develop; to trade for a veteran who has no future in the org. would be beyond stupid. He'll be a good player in a couple years, a lot of future explosive scorers are inefficient at first.
yata-9arasu::Just stop.  A lot of players struggle their first year or so.  Not everyone can shot the ball like Irving can the first year.  He is 43-47% FG in his prime with slashing ability that has a decent jumper.  Give him time.  He is a rookie.
Ontario925::Hope you have a Merry Christmas Cavs fans.
thebuckeyeryguy::Remember, the homers have been telling us all along that this team has been improving.  My only question is are these the same fans who think Shurmur is doing a great job with the Browns?
scottsvb1::Cavs are not getting better.. Waiters sucks... Gee Sucks.. Gibson sucks...Thompson sucks... Scott Sucks... only 2 players are good on the team...  Kyrie and Andy
yata-9arasu::Thompson is identical to Varejao his first few years except Thompson is a better defender from the start.  He is basically a junior in college now.  PATIENCE!
scottsvb1::sad thing is.. your wrong and he's right
DrawohWasHere::I bet you're a prepper worrying about Friday's extinction with the Mayan calendar prophecy when in reality, you got that and an Oreo cookie confused.
yata-9arasu::DING DING DING.  Exactly.  People need to relax....
goosu123::People have no patience. It took OKC 3 years(after getting KD) just to get in the playoffs. You will probably see something similar from the Cavs. They're heading in the right direction, no doubt; people just have to be patient.
thebuckeyeryguy::I have my concerns about the Cavs drafting Waiters, but now it's starting to look like trading three picks for Zoeller may have been an even bigger mistake.
DrawohWasHere::Not concerned at all.
dvanrooy4565::cavs get alex poythress
JohnsonnnL::Cavs aren't going to start winning again until they play better defense. every team is shooting over 50% against them from the field.
YenxRenx::hahah..the more high draft picks the Cavs get the worse they are. last years cavs were a .320 team. now after a few draft picks the cavs are sub .200. Hilarious!!
kingdman2011::WE DONT WANNA WIN, UNLESS CAVS FANS THINK WE CAN GO 36-20(.500) OR 35-21(40 WINS) THEN THEY SHOULD ROOT FOR THE TEAM TO LOSE SO THE CAVS CAN GET ANOTHER STAR IN THE DRAFT, THIS TEAM ISNT EVEN GOOD ENOUGH TO MAKE THE PLAYOFFS, 35 WINS FOR THIS TEAM IS SERIOUS OVERACHIEVEMENT   BROWNS ARE THE TEAM THAT SHOULD TRY TO WIN CAUSE THEY ALREADY HAVE THE YOUNGEST TEAM IN FOOTBALL AND HAVE TALENT AS WELL, THEY ALSO HAVE ROOKIES THAT NEED TO LEARN HOW TO WIN, THEY JUST NEED TO DO THE FOLLOWING A)KEEP HECKERT OR GET NICK SABAN B)PUT COLT McCOY AT QUARTERBACK C)SIGN SOME VETERAN FREE AGENTS WHO CAN PROVIDE LEADERSHIP TO THE YOUNG BROWNS AND FILL A FEW HOLES AS WELL, DONT LOOK AT THEM BAD CAUSE THEY LOST BY 17, LET ME GIVE YOU SOME EXAMPLES OF GREAT TEAMS GETTING BLOWN OUT FALCONS 34 GIANTS 0, GIANTS 26 49ERS 3, BRONCOS 34 RAVENS 17, TEXANS 43 RAVENS 13, CHARGERS 34 STEELERS 24, GIANTS 38 PACKERS 10, PACKERS 42 TEXANS 14, FEEL BETTER ABOUT THE REDSKINS GAME BROWNS FANS
Plargo::Possibly the most boring highlight package in the history of basketball.  There were about 6 great plays by each team that would have been way more entertaining than these useless clips.
kingdman2011::GO CAVS!!!  SPAZ FOR SHABAZZ PLAY LIKE HELEN KELLER SO WE CAN GET CODY ZELLER NO MORE WINS FOR NERLENS
Allstargame1850::Trade Bargnani for Pau Gasol.
wnsj89::no thanks
YenxRenx::Looks like succeeded in slapping Yata's BIG MOUTH shut!! Remember that litle homer who used to talk about how great the Cavs, Irving and Vaginao are? That little dude got the heck outta Dodge...lmfao!!!
YenxRenx::They're sub .200 players, dude. They're TERRIBLE. lol
DrawohWasHere::Uncle Drew and the Wild Thing are great you troll.
cdnpaul33::No Bargnani  No Lowry  No Loss  No Surprise
thebuckeyeryguy::Someone care to explain why the Cavs haven't traded Varejao for draft picks yet?  It's not like his value to other teams is gonna go up any higher than it has this season.
JohnsonnnL::They will probably do it near the trade deadline.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::I'm thinking..Varejao to OKC. For Toronto's pick, OKC pick and Thabeet.
EricTheYank::Free Kyrie Irving!
mnsportsmaan::Looks like the cavs may have messed up with that waiters pick, the kid is terrible.
scottsvb1::agreed  Waiters is horrible and needed to stay in college.. not for basketball but to learn Disipline..maybe the marines would of been good for him 1 year.
mnsportsmaan::the man hasnt been able to shoot all year, what are you talking about?
DrawohWasHere::Has one bad night after returning to the line-up and he's terrible?
WatergateSwag::Looks like Calderon has a permanent home. Just unload Bargiani the worst Italian player ever and your good.
gt1master_ike::Kyrie is good enough to get his but he stills needs to learn how to run an offense. ANd im not talking about getting assists. IM talking about knowing how to set a tempo and control a game like the elite PGs do. The scoring stats are nice but he needs to learn how to play PG.
DrawohWasHere::Why put him in a box?    Let Kyrie play as he was intended.
XRAY07508::lebron promised
killahbuck::LOL Raptors only road wins are against the Cavs
gri400::and pacers
FadeBackShoot2Points::not to troll or anything but how come this cavs team played better when kyrie was out but now their back to the way they were before?
DrawohWasHere::Kyrie is a stud.    You are looking into this way too much as if this game or the last one is an indicator of one player.
TheTristanShow::Pargo was playing amazing and that was during Andy's super hot streak..
TheTristanShow::Agreed. Kyrie is good, but he's not that good. Especially this early in his career.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::It's sort of like the same thing with Lowry...the offense becomes stagnant when you rely too much on one player.  Both teams depended on their star point-guards to win the game for them..and it doesn't happen.
TheTristanShow::It's amazing how badly this Cavs team plays together. On offense they all just stand around and watch Kyrie, and on defense they don't help each other. I hate to say it but they are really missing the vets from last year like Anthony Parker and Antawn Jamison.
Leafsfankenny67::Our coaches in TORONTO are doing fine. The one that wasnt, Mr. Ron $@%!$@% Wilson is long gone
wnsj89::John Farrell as well
mizsioux::Let's tell Bargnani not to come back
pinhi3::go to see Jose C put up good numbers so we can get good market value for him in a trade
pinhi3::yeah it's his fault..they played well with him before he got hurt early on and played awful with Jose in the mine up till recently so why not get what you can for jose now..i don't see him coming back next year do you..matter of fact i think he wants traded
wnsj89::yeah, then we can go back to losing with lowry
Sam58548::Two things Cleveland should do...get Marty Schottenheimer back to coach the Browns and get Mike Fratello back to coach the Cavs.
andy montgomery::yeaaa
Jeff7429::first one is too old,  2nd. one would rather play with his telestrater
Sam58548::Age is just a number and to think the Chargers fired Schottenheimer after San Diego going 14-2. One of the most confusing coaching moves in pro sports history.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::I love how Toronto is a better team, without 3 of its opening day starters...
pinhi3::the coach isn't the problem in Toronto my friend!
TBOMB137::It means you also have a bad coach.
gri400::coach is not the problem at all
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Nah, I'm believing its not the coach anymore...it's just the team is playing much better without those players.
Jordan_93_29::Dammit Raptors, keep losing! I want a high draft pick!
allwedoiswingames::cavs this year should make a turnaround and be called a dynasty
XRAY07508::Hayden Panattiere or Stacey Dales
TBOMB137::Mike Brown &gt; Byron Scott  Fact
Jeff7429::Give Scott Lebron before we say that
Leafsfankenny67::When ever out Toronto teams play againts à Cleveland team , it reminds me that we aint the only fanbase who  has seen Tough times.Go Toronto!!!
Leafsfankenny67::Lol. Well them and the Leafs should get along good them!!!!
66detroitlions::Really have you watched the lions play try 1 playoff win in 56 years worst record in any professional sport
gri400::you guys had the pistons and the red wings though. As towns, cleveland and toronto have had it worse,
Jeremy. Lin.::Landry Fields suck without me  FACT.
__SPURS21::Oh my god i forget he was still on the raps
__SPURS21::Alan Anderson only outplayed cavs bench
XRAY07508::Erin Andrews or stacey dales
TheTristanShow::Erin Andrews... easily
Jeff7429::in a hot tub ?  yeah !
XRAY07508::threesome
66detroitlions::Together?
andy montgomery::Our offense is like when we had Lebum. Everyone standing around, when we don't have anyone close to Lebum
TBOMB137::I've always wanted a coach who will get pissed off when players do stupid things or take stupid shots....but Cleveland always gets these "nice" coaches who don't know their heads from a hole in the ground.
Jeremy. Lin.::Raptors need me
wohde11::pretty sure hes asian $@%!... i dont care where he wa born or grew up
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Fine..if you're black, "Go back to Africa"..or if you're white "Go back to Europe"
gri400::lol, not a chance
__SPURS21::yea they face Knicks 4 times
wohde11::go back to asia and learn how to shoot
JoeyDorsey4MVP::By Asia, you mean San Francisco right?
__SPURS21::who is Alan Anderson?
lookitsdeco::Toronto playin dope with bargnani
Jeff7429::they should trade him but most teams know he's a minus player.
andy montgomery::i was extremely pissed most of the game. Wanted to choke Scott
wohde11::shurmur and scott should just trade jobs, they both know about the same when it comes to there respected sport
andy montgomery::i had 300 on the Cavs
andy montgomery::On Bovada
andy montgomery::I turned 150 into 1400, now if Utah covers im down to 600
andy montgomery::yea thats why i took it it looked odd, all those points. I took Utah plus 4. 5. I hope it happens
wohde11::4.5
lookitsdeco::lmao werent they Favorited by an absurd amount of points
wohde11::makes my 20$ not so bad, and brooklyn gona lose so this gamei isnt the only 1 mi missed
andy montgomery::Thanks. I know
Jeff7429::sorry man, looked like a sure 'spot' for a win there.
andy montgomery::I think Shurmur can coach the Cavs better than Scott
Jeff7429::worth a shot....let's swap them out...haha
andy montgomery::hahahaah
Raptorsfan080::RAPTORS WINNN  THREEE IN A ROW. wohoo
TBOMB137::Maybe Scott and Shurmur can go together as some kind of package deal
allwedoiswingames::trade: browns get chip kelly and cavs get phil jackson  browns get rid of shurmur and cavs get rid of scott
TBOMB137::We'll take a 7th round pick and absorb the salary
