C3H6N6O6::now do <b><a href="http://youtu.be/SK7hR-SfaSA"> this</a></b>
C3H6N6O6::<b><a href="http://youtu.be/SK7hR-SfaSA"> h </a></b>
C3H6N6O6::<b><a href="">h </a></b>
GORT55::Harris is a coming ITEM
Patriotboy1212::Are you serious ? ? ? Magic is got a bunch of potential you Troll !! Moe Harkless , and our center , get a life , we just dropped to worth guys after we couldnt get a pick for reddick
Patriotboy1212::worthless
Devilgrad66::What have the Magic done to themselves.  The management there has to really be held responsible.  I see no growth potential on that team.
Daniel58976::i like magic. i a wizard at hogwars
coltranesteelkirt::Cavs &gt; Heat.  Always have been, always will be.
kyleharris55::Lol.
fishfan027::So whos still mad at lebron?
YogaBeer::DWade fans are mad.     It's no longer DWades team.
neonyte::I like fish.
Justin From Bannedland::Cavs have to sign Mo Speights to a long term deal.
OSUBUCKNUTS2009::i dont follow who the heck is that?
Justin From Bannedland::Mo Speights. They got him in a trade with Memphis a month ago... Are you messing with me?
OSUBUCKNUTS2009::man if they only coulda beaten orlando like this 3-5 year ago
dave19741997::Orlando - easily the worst team in the NBA this season
Patriotboy1212::get a life ^ magic have great potential
YogaBeer::Bobcats would beg to differ.   However, after some of the worst trades I've seen since the Sac-Town migration efforts, they may wear it before the season is over.
green cop bob::Let's make a legendary playoff run.
OSUBUCKNUTS2009::he was talking bout the cavs lol
YogaBeer::You really think the Magic have one more run?
cam32191::orlando tragic. worst in the league. top draft pick here we come... most likely
bhawks71::Magic are a joke. And their fans have jumped off the bandwagon.
WhatthaChill::No they haven't you moron.
dave19741997::Not all their fans.
1899ClevelandSpiders::Cleveland Cavaliers have a superstar at PG in Kyrie Irving, a nicely developing core with All Star potential in TT, Waiters and Zeller, 7 first round picks next 3 years and tons of cap space in 2014. We will be ready to compete for a title with or without LeBron. If he does return, you can go ahead and pen us in as 2014-15 NBA Champions.
momoni90::I rather the Cavs go through Miami and beat them in the eastern conference in the next couple of years with Lebron being with Miami.
YogaBeer::Sing it brother!
ohiokris::that's a lot of hope for this franchise
agent_three_oh::I would much rather do this without LeBron...
YogaBeer::Love the Spiders, but stop with the LeBron coming back stuff.
Can i get an amen::The magic are now the worst team in the NBA.
basher316::IDK man the bobcats are horrible
YogaBeer::you make too much sense.
1899ClevelandSpiders::Amen.
YogaBeer::Two games in a row where Tyler Zeller looked like an All star.     Would like to see him build on some kind of consistency in the final months.
pico2013::Cant wait for the day King LeBron wears his cavaliers jersey again.
momoni90::Forget about it I don't want the traitor to come back.
YogaBeer::I mean really.    James would have to take orders from Kyrie.    Kyrie would be yelling at him in TOs in the 4thqs...   "Just give ME the damn ball chucker".
dave19741997::Jester James
YogaBeer::LeBron James will come back only if he's the King of all the lower parking lot attendants.
1899ClevelandSpiders::apparently nobody told this guy ^ sheeeshhh, embarassing.....
xfl2001fan::After he retires?
browzen63::I haven't paid too much attention to the Cavs but was wondering if Byron was a good Coach worth keeping?
momoni90::By the way who else out there you think can get this roster in the playoffs I don't know any coach out the right now because Phil Jackson will not come to a cold city so don't even mention him.
momoni90::Well they have alot of young guys and they will have alot of draft picks in the next 3 to5 years so they have to be on up side as long as they draft well and keep Kyrie happy.
xfl2001fan::If you look at it from a player development standpoint, it's hard to argue against keeping him.  I think, though, that next year, we better see a lot more wins, or he may be gone.
YogaBeer::What he's got out of Irving and Waiters are just two more of many future HOF guards he's developed.    He's been the best possible coach the Cavs needed after Mike Brown.   However, I'm not sold he's the answer to getting a parade down Euclid Avenue in July.
basher316::the cavs heating up
JBtheBUS36Rolling::NBA teams should be ashamed of themselves for losing to a college team like the Cavaliers 18 times this season :-)  4 starters... Kyrie Irving would be a Junior Waiters a Jr. Thompson a Jr. Zeller a redshirt Sr.
jetjal13::Yes, I say 25 wins is good so we can be successful but remain a threat for a top pick
1899ClevelandSpiders::Brandon Phillips was ruined in Cleveland? I thought he's an All Star 2B for the Reds...and give me a break about LaPorta, he's another Andy Marte, total bust, a change of scenery won't do him a damn bit of good
kardiackid11::JBtheBUS36Rolling - The moment they let LaPorta go, some team will pick him, start him all season long, and he'll hit 25+homers and drive in 90+ runs.  This is true
JBtheBUS36Rolling::The moment they let LaPorta go, some team will pick him, start him all season long, and he'll hit 25+homers and drive in 90+ runs.
JBtheBUS36Rolling::The Indians could learn a thing or two from the Cavaliers' development of young talent. The Tribe likes to call guys up, play them half the time, send them down, call them up, never let them start a full season. Brandon Phillips and Matt LaPorta are prime examples. Ruin young talent.
JBtheBUS36Rolling::I like this team. They're developing together, and the Cavaliers are starting all of them. No messing around. Let them learn! Bright future I think.
BuckeyeSwag101::Do you guys think there is any chance that the Cavs go on a hot streak and steal the 8th seed? I don't know, but they've been looking much better lately.
1899ClevelandSpiders::Would be in the Cavs best interest for this to not happen
xfl2001fan::That would require a tremendous run by the Cavs followed by epic melt downs by the teams above them.  I would just be happy with them playing at least .500 ball the rest of the season.
HunterF4444::They would have to go like 23-4 the rest of the way
sportstime23::i love the cavs but i know this won't happen. its ok. next season they gotta come back hard
kardiackid11::No way
BuckeyeSwag101::They are only 9 games out of 9th seed, go on a 10 game winning streak (highly unlikely) and they are right in the race.
Maxi Klinger::Yeah, they are looking much better by beating up on the Hornets and Magic team playing 4 games in 5 nights and missing half their team lol
Maxi Klinger::The ONLY way the cavs even get close to the Heat is if the Heat simply circle this game as a night off, an opportunity to have a breather. If the Heat turn up with intensity, it will be a flogging.
YogaBeer::Then why did Miami win on a last minute buzzer beater in the last game?    If Allen doesn't make that shot, Cavs win.
BuckeyeSwag101::Tell me why they didn't "Turn up the intensity" against the Wizards.
GOGTTA1MIL::ITS BEEN 3YRS AND CAVS STILL CANT WIN 30 SMDH
BuckeyeSwag101::We just beat you by 24 so please leave, as a sign of peace. LOL
MagicBoltzRays::Harkless -38..... -_-
ADbearJEW::he is being asked to do too much. right now the magic are probably the worst roster in the nba. i like harkless, but not as a #1 scorer
Elton7323::he is more of a hustle slasher type
BuckeyeSwag101::I'm feeling that we will beat the Heat next game. Keep it close until the 4th, then let Kyrie do work. Looking good Cavs! Keep it up! We might not have that good of a team, but you guys are so fun to watch, and you play so hard.
Maxi Klinger::LOLOL, Wow, their are some deluded people on this site
YogaBeer::Why delusion?   The last time Heat and Cavs met, it was a buzzer beater by Ray Allen to win it for the Heat cause the big 3 couldn't stand the heat.
xfl2001fan::Don't worry, there are deluded people on every site!
ADbearJEW::lets put it this way; if we can keep the game close, i really like kyrie closing out the game in the 4th.
ADbearJEW::magic are in the same spot the cavs were in two years ago. first year in a total rebuild. hopefully they get the #1 pick and get mclemore, cause i think he may be the only star in this draft
1899ClevelandSpiders::I would rather have Noel, Oladipo or Muhammad over McLemore, and Otto Porter is creeping up too, really don't think Ben will be a star in this league, so I hope the Magic take him!
BuckeyeSwag101::He didn't give us 100% in the Playoffs though. He knew he was going to the Heat before the season was over. The "Decision" was a scam to get attention.
coltranesteelkirt::Orlando's got good fans... i honestly think Dwight screwed them more than LeBron did to Cleveland. At least James suited up during the playoffs before quitting on them.
Maxi Klinger::The Heat are so going to butt F##CK the cavs next game....You cavs fans do realise that the Magic are in serious tanking mode.............LOLLOLOLOL
ADbearJEW::i bet the game tmrw is close. this team is starting to play much better, and take a look at how the cavs have fared against good teams this year. here a hint: really well
coltranesteelkirt::I was honestly unaware there even was still a team in Miami....  Do y'all still have PJ Brown and Alonzo?
JakeRank::Irving&gt;Lebron
Maxi Klinger::The cavs are agreat team, they must be, they just beat a 15-40 team that is playing its 4th game in 5 nights and who also traded away there best shooter and are also missing their starting PG....  They must be great.........Cavs will come back to reality bext game...Deluded.
JaGosche::Sometimes I wonder what people's motivations are to just be $@%!$ on the internet for no reason.  Are they just sad with their lives?  Do they just love any kind of attention?  Maybe I don't want to know haha...
Maxi Klinger::LOL at Magic, if you are going to tank, at leats tank with dignity, getting blasted by a 17-37 team........LOL
JaGosche::Go to sleep Maxi pad, it's past your bedtime.
coltranesteelkirt::Cavs are the hottest team in the league right now... If they face Miami in the first round, they'll steamroll over them.
Yata-garasu::........................................................................................  Okay now.....
colobr731::Think that is a bit of an exaggeration, Kyrie might be the hottest player in the league though.
Navy Squid45::What are u smoking
HunterF4444::Lol ok...
Navy Squid45::First pick here we come Go Magic!!!
colobr731::Of all years to be cheering for that, thats a bummer.
JaGosche::Woohoo!
Chris31708::The way the Magic have played this season makes you want to appreciate the Heart and Hustle team of 1999-00 more.
colobr731::This is why I was mad at the Bucks for giving up on Harris. Hopefully the Magic can give him more of a shot than the Bucks were willing to.
Beersnbucks::I might convert from a Bucks fan to a Magic fan now.  I would so much rather watch a team with young players who "might" develop to all-stars then watch a team that you know will never amount to anything past a 7th seed.    Everyone all year has been begging for Harris and Lamb to get some playing time and it wasn't allowed.  Clearly it's coming from our owner who thinks that an 8th seed should warrant a 10% increase in ticket prices(this is already confirmed).  Small market teams have no shot at greatness unless it comes from the draft and clearly the Bucks have no interest in developing talent.  Kudos Magic organization for using your young guys and at least giving your fans hope for a bright future.  Will be watching Harris and Lamb all year, GO MAGIC!
Elton7323::thanks, hope he blossoms to his highest potential.
nmyoung94::The sad thing is I think Speights is better than Thompson is ever going to be, and we picked him up for nothing.
YogaBeer::While all Cavs fans are happy to have Speights on board coming off the bench like he does, but he's not in the same category as a Tristan Thompson.    You should watch the game before commenting.
coltranesteelkirt::I don't understand how getting a good player for nothing is 'sad'.
colobr731::Thompson has a much higher ceiling though.
Elton7323::speights&gt;thompson eyes dont lie.
YogaBeer::wtf are you smoking tonight?
You just won the internet::are you kidding once TT gets a solid mid range game he will be amazing
You just won the internet::i do he worked on it alot in the off season and you can see it improved some also has a nice hook
Yata-garasu::He will.  He already has a mid range tear drop move that he does.  He is a great defender.  Could be a 20/10 with 2-3 blocks a game guy in his prime...
nmyoung94::But is he going to?
JaGosche::Good game Cavs.  All this losing our teams are doing right now will make it so much sweeter when we become elite teams again.
oldcoach1961::Kevin Jones got some time
oldcoach1961::Jones could play for Walton more.
xfl2001fan::Walton is a smarter player right now...and the Cavs really like the cohesiveness he brings to our bench unit.
Scienceteacher32::Wizards just pulled off a huge comeback against the Rockets....they're the other up-and-coming team in the East besides the Cavs
JohnsonnnL::That puts them ahead of the Magic in the standings.
Chris31708::They were already ahead. Orlando has had the 2nd worst record in the league for a while now.
Chris31708::I think Orlando has given up on the season. Getting blown out by a non-playoff team at home is unacceptable.
JaGosche::Outside of Harris, Udrich, and O'Quinn, the team looked disinterested.  They know the season's over, but I wish the team had more heart.
2846mike::ya think?
Chris31708::This better lead to something good in the next year or so.
Yata-garasu::Harris is going to be an interesting player to watch...  Very strong...
2846mike::uh-huh...1 game sample size...he's a stud
Yata-garasu::I like how he plays...
2846mike::Can I trade Dwight Howard for Harkless? Is that possible?  -Magic G.M.
Elton7323::r u trolling becuase i think he is doing a good job rebuildnig for the future.
Elton7323::u tried to make fun of the gm who is doing great moves for the future for the franchise and failed.
2846mike::not trolling...you dont know basketball
Theclekid89::Bronbronsdad. We all know you're siting in front a Starbucks to soak up that wifi bc your 3rd shift grocery clerk job isn't bringing in enough money to afford your own Internet. But before the cops respond to your current location, you should take your homeless looking self back home before mom and dad put out an amber alert.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Nobody reads paragraphs.........
Theclekid89::Yet, you just did. Thanks for playing
NDCHEG2012::Those of us with greater than 3rd grade educations do.
captain_sparky::I think he went to the store to get more tissue - has to wipe tears from his eyes
NDCHEG2012::Nupe becoming less and less coherent.  Each comment I think, "Man, this has to be rock bottom." Then he makes another.
Elton7323::i think harris should start.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::I think so too. At PF. Nicholson isn't very strong.
Elton7323::nicholson is great on the offensive side but defense he sucks.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Elton, I agree.
Theclekid89::Isn't very good.* fixed it for ya
Elton7323::he would have a huge impact there he has both offense and defense.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::"Yata G"  Respect. Same to you.
Yata-garasu:::)
2846mike::You could get 5 posters on here and they would beat the Magic. LMAO!!! What a trash trade the Magic got for Howard. LMAO!!!!
JaGosche::LMAO!  Good one bro!  LMAO!
buckeyesfan9810::go cavs!
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::They're gona have to retire Lebron's jersey in Cleveland.  That's the sad part.
NDCHEG2012::Why would they have to do that?
Banned in C-Town::No they won't, damn u r dumb
Indians1028::Not if Dan Gilbert is alive
