Hardcore4Hoops::I think Chris Kaman would be a good fit in Minnesota IMO.  He could probably be acquired without having to give up anyone from core of Love, Rubio, or Derrick Williams.  He'd give them a real presence inside.  Just speculating.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::LOVE IS A UFA AFTER THIS YEAR, YOU GUYS ARE SCREWED, ONCE AGAIN. GO KNICKS!
Bigmayne313::Why did so many people critisize Lebron for leaving Cleveland, and turn around and say its cool for other players to leave small market teams with no chance of winning. Kevin Love might stay because just about every team thats a contender has a legit power forward already so where will he go?
Hardcore4Hoops::I dont c y he wouldnt want to stay in Minny.  They have a nice team in the making.
nyquilholic21::he's restricted after this yr
JTtwentywho::This is right. Need to expect plenty of ups and downs as a t-wolves fan. Last night was an ugly down. http://www.tchuddle.com/2012/01/expect-plenty-of-ups-and-downs-from-wolves/
Vikadontis Rex::Wolves up 80-78, then down 82-93.  That's how you lose a game.  Everyone talking about how we have to get rid of Beasley cant say much after last night.  We had nobody that could create a shot down the stretch when it mattered.
nba is the worst::Raptors beginning to show a bit of defense (Amir Johnson owned Kevin Love) - can they go 32-34 and make the playoffs?
markshiu::With the injuries of Bayless and Kleiza, they need to play Bargnani 40+ mins to make up of the offense.  Their defense has been good, holding opponent to 46% eFG shooting.  But they are making silly fouls (foul a jump shooter with the clock at 2 seconds, etc.), and they don't get any love from refs (DeRozan, Barbosa, and etc got no call, but getting touch foul calls on the other hand).  Probably NBA does not have an agenda to make calls for the Canadian team, especially on the first few games of the season.
Isorfilinde::Why rush Rubio into the starting line-up? Let him come along slowly, it's not like the T-Wolves are ready to win this year. Don't burn a promising rookie by pushing him too hard too quickly. Adelman is doing the wise thing and thinking long-term. He's already hyped enough as it is.
Bigmayne313::What top 5 lottery pick do you know that hasnt started right out the gate besides Darko? Rubio is overrated and is just an average point guard and its showing. He can pass, but his scoring is inconsistant. All those years of pro ball over seas is not paying off for him. What a waste of a pic.
a_anthony03::i agree he neesds to be the pg ! he can play just watch the game he starts that game will be an automatic win because he will control the game from the begining
eightbitme::He's been playing professionally since 14.  Throw him in there.  :-)
Vikeslegit::Wolves are fine. For some reason Adelman is holding back on a sweet starting squad, and I'd say he's earned the right to do so. When rubio and D Will start, this team will get better, quickly.
MNwildBB::Proof that the Wolves aren't a playoff team this year....The future is bright though!
jack butler505::What our starting lineup should be: Rubio Ellington/Martell Beasley D-Will Love
NBA fan from Tdot::Minnesota does not deserve a basketball team ................... They are the worst city in America by far during winter times
florida06champs::Since when is Minnesota a city?
accarlson13::NBA fan from Tdot... How?
MNwildBB::Troll. Winning teams don't come out of nowhere, you have to build them up over time. Minnesota Timberwolves have a brighter future than 90% of the NBA.
Schwalmm::Start Rubio and Williams $@%!$@% Team has potential
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::"ITS GOING TO BE A LONG WINTER...."   --MIN FANS
MNwildBB::There's more to life than sports. Plenty of things to do. Ours teams are still fun to watch even when we do lose.
MNwildBB::Good One.
Evan2511::shutup f@g
bomborivera1::Balls, balls, balls.  Woofs shoulda had this game.  No chance on the third of the back-2-back-2-backers vs Bulls tomorrow nite.  Course, the games the Twolves have won this year are pretty much the ones they shouldn't have, so I guess I shouldn't count em out.
Giggityiggity::Nice to see Derrick Williams have a good game.    Also nice to see Marc Stein look like a fool for ranking the Wolves as 15th.  No offense to Minnensota fans, but Marc Stein has a hard on for Ricky Rubio.
KingGeorge53::Good win for the Raptors.
mnohsix::33% shooting.. dang
DaBurg33::Free Darko
snowmanjaz1979::Is Wesley Johnson really that bad? He was sooo good in college.
zulimarcalero@gmail.com::u said it college
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::HE FUC KING SUX A SS!
CandySparker::Bargnani Sale
toad455::The T-Wolves should have a starting line-up of Rubio-Ridnour-Ellington-Williams-Love
Shirogohan::For those that think Barea CANNOT start for this team:  JJ is actually 5'10, 5'11 in shoes; almost the same exact size as Allen Iverson, who started his whole career and played 40 minutes a game. Is JJ as good as AI? Of course not, but he is good ENOUGH to start, play 32 minutes a night while guarding the other team's point guard, and letting Rubio, who is 6'4 with a long wingspan, guard the shooting guard. You know, like Eric Snow and Allen Iverson did???    I repeat, Barea will never be as good as AI; but compared to Wes Johnson and Luke Ridnour, he is AI. Period.  As for Eric Snow being a great defender compared to Ricky Rubio:  Was Eric Snow a great perimeter defender right away? Of course not. He was thrust into the role and he adapted. Insinuating Ricky can't do that is nearsighted and quite ridiculous. "Poor Ricky???" This kid has the capacity, length, speed and size to develop a great defensive game, a-la Rajon Rondo.  If this team wants to give itself a chance to win a few games this year, it should go with this lineup.
zulimarcalero@gmail.com::start Barea if u r going to pay him 20 million make a change on that starting line up!
Shirogohan::"you don't put your best playmaker on the other teams best offensive star."  Oh, I see, so Rajon Rondo never guards D. Rose, D. Wade, etc.  Give it up, good sir, you have been outdone. With that, I shall go to sleep. Good night.
GumbySquad::In what world is Ricky Rubio anywhere near the athlete that Rondo is?  Rondo is the 2nd or 3rd quickest (both end to end and latteraly) guard in the NBA.  The reason he can check those guys is because he is as fast, or faster than they are.  Rubio will be a star.  A lock down on-ball defender, he will never be.  Not a bad thing, he has countless more positive things to bring to the table... but you go and be the GM of the Wolves if you have all of the answers.   I have been outdone.  Enjoy your Rubio and Barea backcourt.  Best of luck.
GumbySquad::Wow, you Minnesota fans are so desperate for a winner that you are talking crazy.  Here are the facts.  Ricky Rubio is a great young point guard... and there is absolutely no scenario where he matches up well with the Kobe's and Wades of the NBA.   He does not have the lateral quickness to do so.  It has nothing to do with practice, he will never be even close to the lock down defender that Eric Snow was, so stop dreaming... not to mention that you don't put your best playmaker on the other teams best offensive star.  In your scenario, having Ricky Rubio be "Eric Snow"... that scenario leads to Rubio being on the bench in early foul trouble most of the time.    You are thinking too short sided because you are desperate for a winning team to root for.  I get it.... but trading for a starting shooting guard is the answer to your problems.  Not starting Rubio and Barea in the backcourt together.  You would be the Minnesota Suns, averaging 110 points and giving up 120.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::I SEE RUBIO DIDNT GET HIS "19" ASSISTS, TOO BAD, PROBABLY COULDA USED THEM. THERE IS ALWAYS NEXT TIME, I GUESS!
DIARRHEA IN GREEN BAY::Go away you Niggggeerrr a$$ troll.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::REAL NICE.
big1234556::i didn't know who was going to win this I was thinking that Minnesota was going to win this
PoRtEr_24::they would have...love had an off night...only 3-16 shooting, 2 of those were 3s
I Make a Developing Fetus Look Attractive::I don't think Adelman is blind, people.  He see's what Barea, Rubio, and Williams are doing.  Not only that, but he's a professional coach.  I think he would know better than we do about how to manage a team.  He'll make the changes soon enough.
I Make a Developing Fetus Look Attractive::How is it old within the first 10 games of the season?
I do not like them Sam I Am::How many games is he going to let slip away because he's too scared to pull the trigger. It's old already.
GumbySquad::What we have here is a simple case of overinflated expectations.  The Wolves are going to be just fine people, but.... there was A LOCKOUT, which means that coaches only had a few weeks to prepare for the season and have been on the road ever since.  Normally? no big deal.  When you have a new coach who needs to put in a complex offense and defense?  When 2 of your top 5 players are rookies?  It's a HUGE deal.    Give it time, the Wolves right now are running less than 20% of the sets that they will eventually run.  I'm no Adelman supporter, not at all... but the guy has run dominant offenses everywhere that he has coached.... but it does not happen overnight.
Kinga1024::If k Love has a normal night the game 2 night goes to over time Mr. over inflated expextations
I Make a Developing Fetus Look Attractive::Yes, thank you Gumby.
AdamWest234::Yeah but we are using the same starting lineup that led us to a 17 win season last year.  Insanity is repeating the same thing over and over and expecting different results.
GumbySquad::I guarantee you that Rubio will be starting within the next two weeks-thirty days... and there will be moves made for a real SG.  The Wolves have a great young squad... and honestly?  The main reason they lost tonight is because Love went 3-16.  He looked tired after the back to back.  If he has a normal K.Love game the Wolves win by 10+
AdamWest234::If we start this lineup tomorrow we will be down 40-10 after the 1st quarter.
dogs::Maybe its just that the raptors are good. Nahhh
AdamWest234::LSU is gonna come out of the half and whoop some @ss!!!!    Go Tigers!!!!
polomontana::At one point the starters were -51 and the bench were +120  IS ADELMAN INSANE??
AdamWest234::We are the Edmonton Oilers of basketball.  Always in rebuilding mode.
AdamWest234::We need one more lottery pick.  We are gonna get Drummond from UConn.
gman68mn::Wolves don't own their own first round pick this year, the one they got from Utah is lottery protected, so there is no way that happens.
chall1i::Can't wait for Adelman news conference!
spruce up::Raptors got back in charge and finally went after their own rebounds (coincidence?)
DIARRHEA IN GREEN BAY::It feels that way though.
juanlove318::Naw. The Wizards are. They haven't won a game yet. Lol
DIARRHEA IN GREEN BAY::Twolves are the worst team in the game.
voltio418::the wolves added 3 nice pieces in barea rubio and williams but they are starting with the players who got them last place...it makes no sense...
AdamWest234::I am just wondering, but are we (fans) the only ones who realize our starting lineup is full of underachievers (besides Love)?
I Make a Developing Fetus Look Attractive::They're just not a playoff team yet.  Nobody should expect the wolves to be winning this season.  Right now their aim is to improve.. period.
I Make a Developing Fetus Look Attractive::They're just not a playoff team yet.  Nobody should expect the wolves to be winning this season.  Right now their aim is to improve.. period.
I do not like them Sam I Am::No. They just do it to spite us.
polomontana::Adelman played the stars too long against the Wizards.
I Make a Developing Fetus Look Attractive::What was everyone expecting?  The wolves were terrible last season, and now people tried to hype them up way too much once barea, rubio and williams came to town.  They have a new coach, two of their best players are rookies, and they barely have any experience on their roster as is.  YES, it will take time for these guys to develop into a playoff team.  It's a little quick to call for the coach's head, and shoot down the team everytime they lose, especially after being way too hyped up to begin with.  They won't make the playoffs this year.  In a year or two when these guys have actually had a significant amount of time to play together, we'll see their hard work pay off.
I Make a Developing Fetus Look Attractive::They will play... they will.  I'm sure since Adelman is new to this team, he's probably trying to get a long enough glimpse at each player, even the ones he knows won't see significant playing time.  Once everyone has been evaluated, his permanent line up will probably begin to take shape.
I Make a Developing Fetus Look Attractive::did you honestly expect their starting line up to be set in stone after 9 regular season games, and a lockout prior to that (meaning there was little preparation for the season)?
dogs::they had 4 weeks to evaluate?
I do not like them Sam I Am::We are fans and even we can see how blatantly better the Wolves look with Rubio on the floor and Wes Johnson as far away from it as possible..
dogs::Yup but if the rookies want to Develop THEY NEED TO PLAY
I do not like them Sam I Am::Does Rick realize that this is the exact same starting lineup that got Kurt Rambis CANNED last year? Is he TRYING to get fired ASAP?
Stevejw23::Ive been saying that all year why!!
juanlove318::Adelman needs to stop being soft and play the players that are going to win games.
dogs::Should i be payed 500k to miss shots?
DIARRHEA IN GREEN BAY::We'll be lucky to win 20 games.
tacobell_surprise::10 games
AdamWest234::We can if Adelman starts using the right lineup.
polomontana::JJ Barea was looking to good and Rubio is supposed to be the star. Why else would he take out Barea?
dogs::I could play better then some players on the Timerwolves
markshiu::Highlight of the game? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEAeu6I9jOU
AdamWest234::The Wolves need a full day of practicing free throws.  Back when I was in high school there were girls who shot free throws better than the wolves.
I do not like them Sam I Am::FTs this year are horrid. Love has been the biggest culprit, too.
dogs::Love makes most Darko missed all 4 when i was at a game
AdamWest234::Yeah.  Love and Beasley I have noticed to be especially bad.
I do not like them Sam I Am::Wes and Darko need to get off the floor. Start Randolph at the 5 and Ellington at the 2.
polomontana::He took out Barea to make Rubio look good. I think some nights Barea will be hot and other nights Rubio will be hot.
chall1i::I dont think he wants to win a popularity contest.. If you DO NOT WIN you look bad!!
sunylar::On my god y the coach keep on putting anthory tolliver and the oppsite team best player in the 4th quarter Their no contest. Be honest y is he even on the floor 4th quarter.
BlueandWhiteForever3000::j
DIARRHEA IN GREEN BAY::Pathetic we can't beat the Raptors. Our team has no talent at all.
gri400::i was pretty excited to watch this game, raptors going up against rubio for the first time and watching love do what he does, even though loves shooting sucked i am still upset about all the calls the refs made in the 1st half (against both teams), spoiled what was a great game
tbcsundin::Not to complain but it seems like reffing has been suspect in every Raps game so far haha
gri400::see you later man
tbcsundin::Anyways I'm calling it a night! Enjoy college gri400 Go Raptors!
gri400::this was against both teams though, shame really. so many bad calls on both side
mrjzr66::SEASONS JUST ABOUT OVER AT 3-6 {SOON TO BE 3-7,CHICAGO TOMORROW }.ITS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO SEE A CITY WITH ALL 4 MAJOR SPORTS MISS ANY HOPE OF PLAYOFF CONTENTION SO SOON IN SEASONS.SOME KIND OF CURSE!
