Beanslams46::"Oh Kobe, can I ever get to 30 thousand some day?"  --blake griffin
lazoodo::The LA Clippers, the new sensation,  have caused the Lakers consternation and an exacerbation of masturbation and fornication  to usher in exhilaration to uplift  the team's inept rotation and give us all an indication that all is well in Laker nation. Jesse Jackson
manimarf09::Jae Crowder looks like Kenneth Faried.
666 is the mark of the beast::chris paul is the only player who'll get an assist for a tipped pass thrown at the ground... as long as eventually it goes in, chris paul will get 2 assists... LOL its pretty incredible
azaelv22::He is incredible isn't he
mark35345::The Clippers minute distribution should keep them fresh for the playoffs. I love the fact that Griffin and Paul usually play 32 minutes or less...
666 is the mark of the beast::chris paul will be hurt soon.. dont worry
Td4mvp3::I must give props to the clips...they're on helluva team who play well together...they will be a tough outing for anyteam out west heading into the playoffs
Ustna9::Laker fans think that the "Laker channel" is a Nationwide channel...  lol
Steve91406::And u clippers fans sound like ur team is a perennial championship team with 0 ring.
TheBREEZ369::the same number you have loser
Minoli87::Crawford should win 6th man of the year
LobCityCP32BG32::JR Smith?
LobCityCP32BG32::hard to say that after his game winner last night though
Idris5249::nah, he takes too many wild shots. crawford is a lil bit smarter (although he has knucklehead shots too) Crawford &gt; Smith
Minoli87::He's a great contender as well, I think Crawford is a little more consistent. Both are amazing though.
Idris5249::i dont hate the mavs, i just......hate their d-bag owner....and the city.....ok, i hate the mavs lol
-Texas-Blood-::Just keep hating cause know one gives a $H[]T.......Loser
Idris5249::funny, how you gave enough "s.h.i.t.s" to comment on your opinion on anybody giving a s.h.i.t....yeahhhh
Idris5249::Clippers are the most fun team to watch. They're like the 04-07 Suns with all those lobs and fun games. as a Suns fan, im happy for the clips, they're finally a contending team
djcrawfordgriffin::man, that caron butler dunk was big time nasty!! his hand right in Kaman's face!
Idris5249::i felt really bad for kaman lol
BarrelRider04::Lob City in full effect last night! They are simple the most entertaining and athletic team in the league (notice I did not say BEST). Blake Griffin's game is really improving, his outside shot is looking much better regardless of what all his butt hurt hater fans have to say. Great to see Fisher back in action, he was knocking them down and looked great.
Idris5249::if blake can become a consistant mid-range jump shooter, he will be ONE of the most lethal players in the game. not only will his defender have to play on him he also has to give him some space in case Blake wants to drive in and dunk (if he wants to he can) but i mean Stoudemire had no jump shot whatsoever when he first came into the league and now he has a mad jump shot. nothing's impossible, i'll be rooting for the clips in the playoffs, cause god knows my suns aint making it lol
Ustna9::The Clippers are by far the best basketball team in LA...it's not even close.
Steve91406::Same thing was said last year by Clipper fans like you. Anyways, it sounds like you agreed that Clippers used Lakers as measuring sticks for the past years. History will only repeat itself when people don't learn from it.
probinson1us::Not sure if you're a Clippers fan, but either way, Clippers fans need to quit comparing this team to the Lakers.  The Lakers are not a good team right now.  If you want to compare them to other teams, try OKC, the Spurs, Memphis and Miami.  They are in the class of those teams this year and the Lakers are not.  It's disrespectful to compare this team to the other LA team right now.  They are more closely matched with the top teams in the NBA than the Lakers are to them.  Aim higher Clipper nation!!  The Lakers are not our measuring stick this year!
SolidSnake285::"The Mavs have a plan for the future, and it's one the Clippers have mastered" Whats the plan? Suck for 30 years, then have 45 win team to ultimately get swept out of the playoffs.
coljetsfan::The whole game was a clinic on how to dunk the ball....they ran Dallas out of LA with that win.
coljetsfan::To all you Clipper non-believers.  Hope you watched last nights game.  This team is for real and I don't want to hear that Nowitski wasn't playing.  It would have made no difference.
Brandon18502::You're right, it would have made no difference because Dallas SUCKS.
mugupo::As Lakers fan, Clippers is the new showtime. You get your money worth. While Lakers probably the most overprice team to watch.
SFthomas1969::Using a betting system called sportsbettingstar.  Ive been making about 3k a month following this system. If you search basketball betting system on Google you will find out more how the system works. If you bet you have to see this system.
inphinity7::Man I thought I was watching a real life game of NBA street for a second.
Ed7334::LA can brag tonight, but Dirk looked good tonight. I mean did you see that suit he had on.? That's what really counts.
LA Clipp Joint::awesome win
ArtieSullivan::LOB CITY &gt; LAKERS  OFFICIAL
cfish4710::MARK CUBAN HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
lazoodo::What's the difference between Blake the Clipper and Jack the Ripper?...Blake has dated the same girl more than once.
rogerzcard::where's delonte?
lazoodo::The Mavdicks aren't much without Dork.
kinghe27::Love it when Griffin is not even the best dunker on the team.
Pau Gasol.::Clippers come to play on National TV. Should be a good sign for when they make the playoffs...
Mayan Fanny::What a beating ..... - its ova Dallas
diego3494::the  thing  that  made  most  proud  of  the  clippers  so  far ,is  beating spurs  twice
diego3494::i'm  glad  i  can   finally  rock  my  clipper jersey  with  out  being  unconfident
NuggetsFanInKC::another learned los angeles citizen..
Mayan Fanny::Unconfident ? What the fork is Unconfident ....LMAO
EKast2012::Lazoodo: I believe that's what Viagra is for.
lazoodo::unconfident is not having any thrust in yourself.
Kobelies247::Clippers are for real
lazoodo::Never knew Bledsoe was a rubber man contortionist. Clippers show you something new every game. Great entertainment.
ClipsRunLA::Clipper fans are TRUE fans. We know more about the NBA than those faker fans. We also give credit to other teams when its due.
Steve91406::Clipper fans were nowhere to be heard until CP3 joined them, and you guys gonna tell me you are loyal fans for X amount of years? Come on bandwagoners, the only self claimed Clipper fans I met in real life, well, they don't even watch basketball. They just don't want to support Lakers, and want to be different.
robskii24::true fans PLEASE bandwagoners why would the clipper fans give derek fisher an ovation if he played for the lakers?
TheBREEZ369::LOL did you also see the clipper fans boo the hell outta elton brand, you probably don't even know who that is... you are twelve years old, keep discussions to the knowledgable adults child and gtfo
REDUCE523::Since Danny Manning and Nique.
Kingkanyon12::Since Pooh Richardsan, and Derick fn Coleman.
REDUCE523::Gotta agree with this not many of us but we were there before cp3.
Green Arrow is better than Green Hornet::im watching Chris Paul crossovers and Jamal Crawford crossovers!!! the handling on these 2 is sick!!! i have not mentioned Griffin vs Jordan ( DeAndre) dunks!! this team is just.....fun to watch
mikebm4834::seeing that domination inspired me to go dominate my girl in bed, later, go clips
Kingkanyon12:::? LMAOx2000.Watch out little man, IDK if your capable of that kinda dominance.
ClipsRunLA::i need a girl. eharmony ftw! lol jk
Kobelies247::Dont pop her bro!
mikebm4834::i love that i dont have to be ashamed of being a clipper fan anymore
Tarrekun::great game shown on national tv
Kobelies247::Cheers
airic.ad::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiyF2xfTLjM  Crawford dominates Top 10 crossovers of November.  F-- YEAH!!!
diego3494::clips  looking  sharp  hands  down hope  they  can  be  consistent  and  rest chauncey
Green Arrow is better than Green Hornet::Bledsoe...a reverse?? really?? take it eazy you might steal Blake's spot in the all-star dunk contest, DeAndre is already doing that right now...Jordan for dunk contest 2013...i like that!
airic.ad::i don't think blake plans on being in the dunk contest again this year
bballreal::Dallas has two owners up for trade this year if they're any takers.  Mark Cuban we will give away for a 7th grade center.  Jerry Jones we will give away for a 6th grade punter.  Any takers?
mikebm4834::insiders should ask questions, they pay for peoples opinions
NO Pelicans::you can just google the "insider" article and read it for free lol
Pau Gasol.::When Grant Hill and Billups are at full strength...this team will wear you out.
Kobelies247::They wear you out anyway as is
mikebm4834::Hey Pau how long you ganna be a lacker
mikebm4834::laker
diego3494::i  think  if  clippers  get  better  at  rebounding  and  freethrows ,we  can  get  very  far,
Kingkanyon12::they do give up alot of rebounds, but their defense is so good, they don't give up alot of 2nd chance points, but it's not the starters it's the bench.
Green Arrow is better than Green Hornet::Barnes and Crawford are unstoppable"" did i see Bledsoe dunk??? hahaha
rogerzcard::mini lebron lol
Tarrekun::Saw CP3's dunk?  Jus as good
TyraelPhantom::Bledsoe been taking lessons from Griffin
REDUCE523::Clipper fan checking in. Clips look good but we need a lot of work this team is not consistent yet.
Kingkanyon12::It's too early to say that, I'd rather they f up early and play great late, that way we don't have this kinda up and down play in the playoffs, they need to learn to play hard every night and pass the ball, everything else is perfect.
mikebm4834::they are consistent at being inconsistent, so they are consistent
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::Dirk has alot of work to do .
Kobelies247::TO lose in the 1st round?
mikebm4834::remeber when Golden state killed them, they were the best team in the nba that year
sneaky smooth::Clippers bench is shaping up and looking like the mavs bench when they won the NBA title.  How many Clipper fans know that Butler was a cheerleader that postseason?
Kingkanyon12::you must be an idiot, everybody knows that, they talk about it all the time.
diego3494::lol i  know he  only  played  like  18  games  in  the  start of  the  season
Green Arrow is better than Green Hornet::Why do the Lakers have more home games than the Clippers, we dont want Staples thrashed with angry Laker fans, Clippers will be L.A 's playoff team for 2013
i make excuses for romos failures_on a yearly basis::the mavs suck, end of discussion.
TyraelPhantom::Cuban looked like Simon Cowell...rubbish.
