paulleena12::
paulleena12::: + )
suchita216::go celtics
suchita216::Browser Display I want RED! go celtics
suchita216::<a><b>GO CELTICS</b></a>
suchita216::<b> Go Celtics </b>
suchita216::Go Celtics
Kidracer008::Why is Celtics sucking? Doc Rivers really isn't a great coach. Danny ainge is garbage, he always makes a fool of himself. And what else can be more irritating than Tom Heinson's voice? He represents all of bostons, that's every ppl there are. KG will def. end up in a mental institution when he retires, he's wacked. Paul Pierce is itching to come out of the closet, he really is gaay, you guys will see. So how could you ever like Boston and bostionians, They're wacked! And definitely delusional.
rmh61284::Barbosa needs more minutes, especially when Courtney Lee plays 20-25 MIN/G but only scores 6-8 pts...unacceptable
Sce75::Knicks &gt; Sixers &gt; Celtics
jnks10::If evan turner can actually get it going like last night than this sixer team has a shot to make some real noise this year.
goeaglesgosixers::Not a scrub, not consistent enough though
Excelscior1::Evan Turner is still a scrub. Don't be fooled by Boston's clueless, early season defense.
Pete Carrolls Victory Dance::way too early to determine anything.... start paying attention to the records around all-star break...
Heatle Beatle::Thanks for Ray Allen Boston
bp2685::I love that 59% from 3 point line.
bp2685::If Rondo is getting 20 assist and boston still cant win, I dont know when they can.
uconn10304::Nice easy win...Imagine how this team will look when Bynum is on the court.
Arjay411::C's only got 31 FTA this game to PHI 23 (+8) C's need 40-50 FTA per Game &amp; +15 to 25 FTA more than their opponent  come on Ref step up!
a617guy::funny..when it comes to the playoffs when it actually matters, the role is reverse and Kobe and LeBron get every single call.
Fear the Gr0nk::Everyone is saying the Celtics are missing Ray Allen, but if you watch them they are fine from outside.   Their biggest problem is they don't have a threat in the low post and the defense is falling off when KG goes to the bench.   Ray is a great player but we need a big man, not a 3 point shooter.
a617guy::sullinger really needs to step into that role , fast. He is supposed to be the guy, and luckily we have a full season to get it together
jnks10::but there is a reason so many other teams passed on sullinger.
bobHALO 30.6::HomeOfTheJETS - Wussup @bobHalo  nice win tonight. didnt get to see much because i was busy watching the knicks game but I'm happy your team beat up on the C's. Maybe the C's power on the east finally wears out this year? ----------------------------------- Thanks, man.  Yea, tonight was a good win for us.  Jrue and Evan really showed what they can do.  This was definitely our best overall effort of the young season so far IMO.  As far as the C's, I think at best they are in the mix with the top four teams of the Atlantic.  I don't see them winning it this year but who knows right?  The season just started.  Another good win for the Knicks i see.  Have to admit I'm impressed.  The Sixers are 3-0 against the rest of the NBA haha.
chazzzzz1965::Sixers lookin' good don't sleep on us this year
Ynwa4life7585::until they play the knicks, which wipes the floor with them.
lilcrim21::Late to the party here, but I'll say this:  Sixers with Bynum will humiliate the Knicks.  Knicks wont have any kind of legitimate answer for the big man with his excellent supporting cast that consists of the rest of the 6ers roster
That Guy 987::If Rondo could shoot at all, he would be unstoppable.
Lulank305::LOL BOSTON. LOL.
a617guy::Lol...Miami sports other than the Heat...Lol
nba is the worst::Celtics still need time to gel?  Rondo with 20 ast but his poor shooting was the difference...
Excelscior1::I love how Rondo has his first poor shooting game all year, then you guys say he can't shoot. The guys was shooting 57% entering last nights game. Was he a bad shooter then (based on your criteria)? Geesh! The problem is actually, Rondo doesn't shoot/drive to the basket often enough (unless it's the playoffs).  Celtics didn't lose last night cause of Rondo's shooting anyway. That's absurd.
_I Am A Celtic_::Good point
beavis4play::ray allen is shooting 16-27 from 3 for the season........for the heat.
Lulank305::DAMN RIGHT
kblock24::The C's are not doing what the good Celtic teams used to do.  Where's the tough D, hustle, and quality possessions?? They are getting beat at every aspect of the game.   9 missed foul shots?  Got their shot blocked 7 times?  31 rebounds? Very weak.   This is very disappointing to those of us who like Celtic style ball. This brand of goofy ball is hard to watch.
cfales::I didnt see the game but looking at the boxscore and shooting %'s they should have won... except for the whole Points in Paint stat.... wow
_I Am A Celtic_::I like it more when we win
Lulank305::But.....you don't have the best 3 point shooter of all time.................but....
onlyavoice57::Doc Rivers Is Not A Great Coach. He Had The Right Combination Of Elite Players &amp; a Great Assistant Coach In Tibs. Take That Away &amp; He's Just About To Be Fired Again (Prior To Big 3).   He's Been Out Coached The Last 2 Seasons &amp; Can't  Get Average Players To Play at a High Level This Season. He Should Have Retired.
Bamm7272::The Celtics thought they were good.  How cute.
60steve33::Celts have  lot of talent.  They'll get straightened out and be a force to be reckoned with.  Sixers are flashy now, but have to prove they can last through a long season.  Celts know what that's about.
jnks10::flashy now but need to prove they can last through a long season. Are you referring to how they were 1 game away from the conference finals last year type of long season? Not sure where your going with that?
lilcrim21::He also seems to have forgotten that the 6ers are currently playing without the one superstar on our roster.  If we  are winning now, imagine how good  we  could be with Bynum...  I love this young team's potential.
60steve33::Where is Celtics defense?
dash2k4::At 2-3, Boston is only one more win than the Lakers when they fired Mike Brown. The difference is, Boston doesn't have an All-Star starting lineup.
-flyers-::Jrue is just too good
SMANGANG::lmao at knicks fans saying they're going to win the championship after a 4-0 start...
MikeRowe1525::Boston looks terrible without Ray Allen. Don't know why the team was trying to trade him last year. Can't blame him for leaving.
toshsghost::Sixers are going to be dangerous this year.  With a young athletic backcourt &amp; the possible combination of a healthy Bynum and Spencer Hawes on the floor together at times, to me spells at least an Eastern Conference Finals appearance.
jballantyne553::lol
HomeOfTheJETS::Wussup @bobHalo  nice win tonight. didnt get to see much because i was busy watching the knicks game but I'm happy your team beat up on the C's. Maybe the C's power on the east finally wears out this year?
lamarmt1::Rondo played 42 min and was +2 in the +- stat.  The team was -8 in the six min he rested.
Mumu8833::Why are you talking about Rondo?  The 3 Celtics in black and grey unis are the ones who really tried to carry the hardest. Props to those who deserve it
dwight howard undefeated getting coaches fired::andrew bynum: no where to be found
airic.ad::he's plotting miami's destruction
airic.ad::who has more upside: jrue holiday or evan turner?
Excelscior1::Evan Turner's a scrub. I see no great upside in him.  Don't be fooled by the Celtics game.
bobHALO 30.6::Both do, but I see GREAT things from Jrue.  Evan does a lot of things well and can be an asset but Jrue can be LEGIT... This year, you can see it in his eyes
TheNest953::Jrue and it's not even close..
kaiserklan::WTG Evan Turner! Go Buckeyes!
knickspree2k2::Boston = most overrated team in basketball behind LA.
Hareboy86::Only a delusional Knicks fan would site record as an argument for how good a team is after 4 GAMES!  Record means nothing after 4 games.  Come on.  Knicks don't play defense and won't see the second round of the playoffs.
Shaun0088::Just a few games into the season and teams are already overrated?
adzack3441::Boston is old and injury prone.....doubtful KG and Pierce are a part of any meaningful playoff basketball again.
bobHALO 30.6::Knicks will come back down to earth... they're the Knicks.  Its a for gone conclusion
thrash1129::ok the knicks are not overrated this season. But  the celtics are not also! we will make the playoffs and give teams problems!
2524thomas::yeah 4-0 is overrated...record speaks for itself slappy...many think the Celtics are overrated at 2-3...lol
Shareef1987::I would say the Knicks are overrated but the only people that think the Knicks can win a playoff series are their delusional fans.
PhiladelphiaPhil30::LAVOY ALLEN IS A BEAST. Just needs to step it up on the scoring end. I know he's got game. Native son of Philly (Temple U) even though he was born in Trenton, NJ. Dude is so young and has a very bright NBA career future ahead of him.
dwnstaley::he made the right shots at the right times. for instance, he got that great dunk off a nice feed on the pick and roll from Jrue when the lead got down to 4 in the 4th quarter.  he did get in foul trouble, so he wasn't available to stay on the floor.  most of all, he played good D and had a nice block on Sullinger.  it was nice to see Moultrie get some mins and hopefully he'll get a few more mins until bynum and kwame come back.
damienmorris::So we can all agree that no one - not even Philly fans like me - will confuse the Sixers with the '96 Bulls.  Still, though, there is a lot to like about this team.  So far, they've only lost two games to a Knicks team that is playing out of its mind to start the season (at least for now, they really are that good) - and this without Andrew Bynum even playing. I love Jrue Holliday's game. He's playing like a true point guard, and he's still young. Evan Turner is starting to look like the guy worthy of that second pick, and I like the bench play.  Things are pretty good right now, and they'll only get better.
ChargersFan4Life001::gn to everybody else, im out
FlyGuys623::I Make Groundbreaking Predictions, i hate you lol
FlyGuys623::im out too
Alvord1980::IM OUT TOO FOLK, GOT A LITTLE CRACK TO SMOKE
koke3591::I'm out, Later
ChargersFan4Life001::gn
I Love Rubio Dimes.::C ya
Dwight - GOAT Center - Howard::Im out
ChargersFan4Life001::f off...i mean gn
I Love Rubio Dimes.::yay!
koke3591::Later
Mumu8833::Sixers win 5vs8
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Goodnight everybody. And so I leave you with this:  http://gifura.orzhk.org/src/1332235315120.swf
thrash1129::that was awsome
HotdogSalesman2012::what was that
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::LOLOLOLOLOOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
FlyGuys623::im a b.itch smh
ChargersFan4Life001::I know what that is, def not clicking
ChargersFan4Life001::you dont wanna know
I Love Rubio Dimes.::What is it?
