pjazzr::Stan, made his comments because they were playing the Knicks(w/Melo).  Just because of what happen with the knicks
Sportster377278::big cash prizes....right now...fantasy players or non fantasy players...go get a lineup now... http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
SeKeMe::Isiah Thomas just got fired, so he is available to coach the Knicks next season.:-)
GetsomeOfthis388::get some of this ytou havent yet... http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nhl&amp;ref=bp
moMoneymoProblems7721::check this if you havent yet....http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
pk9394::Howard should come to the Knicks where he can get the real star treatments.
stocksplitter::Poor Bill Walker can't catch a break. Injured over a month, didn't play again last night and still the ESPN box score has him with a -3.
alternative91::one last thing .....jr smith got to step up like a MAN!!!!!!!!!....usually gangsta wannabe tend to quilt under pressure.....
alternative91::MEMO TO MELO .....  we dont need you to score 40 points ok..... just 20-25pts, 8-10 rb, strong defense, and 5-7 assists thats it!!!!!!!!!!! memo to woodson....if melo dont have at least 5 rb and 4 assists the beginning of 4th ....sit his a z z !!!!!!!
puckthemediamachine::dumb..
84Goldfinger007::What is everyone's impressions of Sean Payton and Gregg Williams after hearing the audiotapes yesterday?
alternative91::vile white disgusting db....
SmokeTrees773::just wanna let knicks fans know that rose will play this sunday...   preview: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FYaNgNuX40
alternative91::cool...got no prob with rose....good matchup
DontDoIT22No::check this out if you havent yet... http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
Kennyprager::So let me get this straight:  Tyson Chandler outrebounds and outplays D Howard?  Thank GOD my Lakers held onto Bynum!!!!!
alternative91::bynum also has 35 years old knee...NOT sure if the lakers made the right decision there....also dont forget bynum love the three....but hes terrible at it....
NewcastleFanVL::It appears that the Knicks got a better chance of winning when Melo(I like him) doesn't score over 30 pts, agree ?
NewcastleFanVL::In mid 1st half of play in the EPL, Newcastle is leading 1-0, heehee !! Soccer is real cool but only third to baseball &amp; bb.
M.Naz::on days he scores 30+ the rest of the team just plays bad. he needs just 25 points a game.
maverick0426::PROOF that Carmelo Anthony quit and is a coach killer cancer (like Vince Carter):  Pre-Linsanity (Jan12-Feb2) Knicks go 2-10  Linsanity, NO MELO (Feb4-Feb19) Knicks go 8-1, best defense in the league holding opponents to 90 a game. Beat the Mavericks, Lakers, TWolves, Hawks, Jazz  Melo Returns (Feb20-March12) Knicks go 2-8  After D'Antoni resigns (March14-now) Knicks go 10-3  Carmelo Anthony is a cancer. Melo-noma. Dwight Howard tried to pull a Melo by quitting last night but he was too obvious. Carmelo, Dwight, and Vince Carter are loser punks who represent everything wrong with the league and why so many fans don't watch anymore.  Total Knicks games with Jeremy Lin (including Melo's tank job): 16-10 Total Knicks games without Jeremy Lin: sub-.400
krazyfan2000::Stop it with the whole cancer thing..Use a better example.I'm sick of people using athletes and cancer in the same sentence..If you've ever lost a love one to that dreaded disease you would never use that term to describe someone..Now back to basketball, D'Antoni was never going to win in NY because he was a stubborn  coach who never adjusted to the players he had..That 7 seconds or less with minimal defense wasn't cutting it in NY..He never made adjustments, always seemed to be out coached  night in, night out...His substitutions were horrible..Need I go on...
alternative91::not cancer....hes bad as RADIATION!!!!!!!
ammizny::Anyone with a brain can see D'Antoni was the problem.  Lin was in and out.  Melo was in and out.  STAT was in and out.  The only constant is that the team started consistently winning under Woodson.  If Melo is the problem, why are the Knicks 10-3 in their last 13 with Melo in the lineup for each of those games?
BigToneCA::only melo would know if he "quit" on d'antoni. i think, and it's far more likely, he lost confidence in d'antoni's style of play. it's pretty well documented that caring ONLY about offense doesn't win you championships...
alin004::The point is that Melo is good but he QUIT on D'Antoni which is despicable
KazHashi13::Total Knicks games since D'Antoni resigned: 10-3  Even if it was Melo tanking games it was because he didn't like the coach.  Now the coach is gone and the team is winning.  Soooo. I don't see the problem
KazHashi13::I didn't realize Vince Carter is hated.
alin004::It's a problem, the same reason why Vince Carter is so hated and lost credibility
M.Naz::ur on dick
starwheat::What a thrashing...even without Lin and STAT. Magic are in a dark, dark place right now. Stan has lost his team and Howard is not even in the game mentally.
MR.STEELER927::ITS not about Orlando its about COACH WOODSON......This is the perfect coach for the Knicks......This coach has control of the team and has the team winning and playing on both sides of the court.....Why would the KNICK be looking for a new coach...But the tam is winning without to player STADY AND LINN
cwert1129::I felt the Knicks need JR Smith to step up, and last night that is exactly what he did and we got the WIN!!!  http://www.gymclassallstars.com/2012/04/asian-americas-team-new-jr-smith.html
oldirtyzoo::Stepp up? He's already there. He just needs to obey his curfew, he should be ok.
oldirtyzoo::My stupid fans don't get it, I don't wanna see Knicks in PO. Woodson's team scares me.- Derrick Rose
MR.STEELER927::WOODSEN IS THE PERFECT COACH FOR THE KNICKS..HE HAS THE TEAM PLAYING GOOD WITHOUT STAUDY AND LINN...DONT LET THE MEDIA MAKE KNICK FANS HATE THIS COACH
What What Who said what::get in on this if you havent yet....  ESPN Partners up w/ FanSaloon.com to offer FREE to enter $250 Prize Fantasy Basketball Leagues - Pick Your Free Teams Right Now http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
Get some of this777::Me too
Big Win guy9978::Im in on that
maverick0426::"I talked to Melo this morning and he told me the best way to get rid of the coach is to not play hard."    ---- Dwight Howard
canyouhandlethetruth2::Basketball is boring!!!
cwear11::Toney Douglas: highest +/- of the game at +22.  Yes!
oldirtyzoo::Wow, that's just 1 game. What's your point dumb dumb?
marat75::As someone said, Magic played so awful, they made Toney Douglas's play look like Linsanity.
stone419::yes its one game, but he hasnt played in forever, and we need a backup PG. no need for name calling
And1_NBA_Sam_NY::not so many trolls when we win
Shoot My Horse::Knicks suck. Enjoy that first round exit
stone419::thats more like it
djrashn::Knicks have the best bench in the NBA.
th3_truth_hurt5::no, that would be the Bulls
MR.STEELER927::THE KNICK FANS HAVE TO BE HAPPY WITH THE WAY COACH WOODSON HAS TAKEN OVER THIS TEAM FROM THE OTHER COACH(HORRIBLE)
oldirtyzoo::"MOBB DEEP"
Zamian7833::Righton..we dont need no 18 millions dollar a year "stars" to win!
DDDD1881::Lowest pays bench as well.
djrashn::Stan will never be a Pat Riley.
jvernum20::ill take a win any day..but melo lovers 19 points on 16 shots and also 7 free throw attempts is not a good night out....toney douglas had a better overall game with less mins.. the knicks could of beat that magic team without melo. so do not think every knick win means its melo time
2twelvinit::The knicks are the scariest team to play against come playoff time, if they can hold off the bucks, back to back games coming up against the bull, playoff preview can't wait
ammizny::All that tells me is that the Knicks are not a one-dimensional team.  When their star player has a less than great game, other guys step up and hit shots.  You make it sound like having a deep roster and a lot of depth is a bad thing.
djrashn::Melosanity.
cwear11::Whoa!  Stop riding the Linsanity.  He's done for the season, bro.  Ease up a bit.
Zamian7833::Are Melo fans so pathetic and uneducated not to mention not a bit creative? Melosanity? Stop riding on the Linsanity popularity losers!
KNICKS DA CHAMPS 2012::Dwight: "You mean your fans actually wanted D'Antoni and Lin over you? That $@%! cray."  Melo: "Tell me about it. They wanted an offensive coordinator &amp; a rookie PG leading my Knicks.."
Zamian7833::Melo &amp; Howard having couple of drinks before the game....: "How do you do it bro? How did you single handedly kill Linsanity and gets the media kissing your a$$? How did you turn all the focus on yourself?" asked Howard. Melo grin and said....well, all you gotta do is what I did, throw a couple of games and blame it on the coach, then you grumbled to management and leak to those moron media guy that the coach system is the cause of the losses. We are stars so we get to threaten those fata$$ suits in the corner office..fire the coach, start playing like a star and all the focus will be on you. Trust me..I speak from experiences" Melo &amp; Howard cheers and bottom up satisfied tomorrow is gonna be a great day...lose to the Knicks and Melo is credited with the win, magic lose and blame it on the coach! Its gonna be a great day tomorrow!
JK Belvi 2008::Hey luis4106! Will you respond to this please? Thanks!
djrashn::Melosanity baby. Dig it.
tonystarks26::The Knicks are gonna be a threat the rest of the way....fear my Knicks NBA!!!
milwaukeemonster::come on orl u couldn't take care of the lowly knicks at home!!! you're killing us man..go bucks
KNICKS DA CHAMPS 2012::Indiana Pacers + Orlando Magic= Weak Sauce
91Gmoney9009::Orlando's record is contradictive of how good of a team they actually are.
brooklyn kid 3131::"I hope we dont run into these guys at some point in the playoffs. They own us"   -Orlando Magic
brooklyn kid 3131::SMOKED again!
Agent Zero7::Don't think I didn't see that MELOdramatic pun there ESPN
luis4106::JK Belvi 2008  which team do you root for, its obviously not the knicks or magic.
JK Belvi 2008::I'm a native 312 - Inner city Chicago. It's not that I don't like the Knicks or Magic - it's the panzies that don't play hard and make excuses for under-achieving when they should be thankful and respect the fact that they make millions of dollars to play basketball. If Melo and Howard are true leaders - then act like it both "on" and off the court.
JK Belvi 2008::You can't tell me what to do - or even consider an invitation to do so. Like you said, other greats did it and were talked about just as much as the commentary on this thread. If you're worried about instigating, please keep in mind that I am a "spec" of influence compared to the players that demonstrate these behaviors. My motive is to remain objective and comment on player contributions to their "team" and statistical data. It looks like you put a lot of thought into your response regarding my commentary. Now, you have about 1m others that do the same thing. Happy rebuttals!
luis4106::Well your post are more of a hater than anything else, Melo is not the first player to want out of a team, or get his coach fired, some of the greats did that. Magic johnson, Michael Jordan and to an extent Dwayne and Shaq. but you seemed focus on melo, who has been very quite considering all the abuse he took since coming here from Denver. Denver continues to say they rob the knicks and are better off without him, that is good for them but it seems like they havent because everytime the knicks lose they are all on site ready to kill melo. without melo there wouldnt be a JLin, or a mike woodson, melo gets paid for his past performances, this year not so much but he hasnt played a complete 82 game season with yet. as for dwight. So if you really don't like their ways, then dont watch them or talk about them, you only instigating people to do the same and causing others to defend them, giving you reason to argue. is that your motive.
JK Belvi 2008::"I think D12 and Melo should get out of the clothing industry and invest in a designer line of diapers! Yeah! Pictures of them with signatures! They'd make millions! - Hey Mommy! I've got a picture of D12 and Melo on my ars!"
nycpratl::knicks found a team more troubled than their own.  let's see how they fare against bulls and motivated, tougher competition in the next 2 weeks.  quitting in that indiana game looms large until they can show resiliency when it counts.  last night was too easy.
JK Belvi 2008::Chandler needs to play big minutes and stay out of foul trouble. The Bulls beat teams with size and offensive rebounding.
luis4106::who quit in the indiana game besides the whole team defensively
KeepItRealEveryone::Dwight Howard and Andrew Bynum have shown that they are just BIG babies.  They're probably mad at their coaches because they didn't cut up their hot dogs and put the lids tight enough on their sippy cups!  Get over yourselves!!!
redrubenkelly::Stan has to go...not saying he is a bad coach...but he should have kept his mouth shut...whinning at a press conference does not help your team
maverick0426::"Dwight I know I said just quit on your team to get your coach to resign, but you're being too obvious tonight!!!"  -- CARMELO    .
djrashn::Stan wears xtra large diapers. $@%!$
JK Belvi 2008::They both wear the same diapers.
JK Belvi 2008::Nash would be a great addition for the Knicks next year. The only thing Melo needs to do is stay above 40% shooting...
NewcastleFanVL::Nash/Lin will be lethal, let Nash start but enough minutes for Lin.
Mstrpr626::All I know is Dwight will never be on Shaq's level, so he should stop the Superman antics. It's a shame what he did to his coach and goes on camera and acts like he is innocent and the media is the source of the drama. He created drama all year, and if he was to come back with the Magic he told the FO Van Gundy needs to go, then when asked about it he acts like the reporters are the A-holes. Dwight stayed in Orlando to make sure he didn have a LeBron James outcome. Instead he might be digging a grave far deeper than LeBron dug. At least LeBron didn't lie when he was asked why he back stabbed those who were close to him in the NBA world. A month and a half ago Dwight Howard was a face of fun and energy in basketball along with his beast talent to play the game. Now.....now he's probably one of the least liked players in basketball. When you have talent, incredible talent that you can use to make the HOF, and you cause any type of drama, you're automatically a villain, point blank.
rashidrashid::people talk but before Melo came to New York Denver was a playoff contender with Melo all the time i mean who was Denver before Melo came there ???Exactly he been a winner his whole career until he came to New York and that was because Dantoni was racist...didnt wnat Melo to take over or use his stars to win games thats why hes gone and Melo still here now look at Melo he back....look out for them Knicks if not this season next year...especially when Nash comes to New York...
rashidrashid::yeh it was Dantoni is a loser not proven ..Melo is proven so why not use your best player the way you should especially him being a offense guru whatever Woodson got this we on the right path Knicks = team Melo
rashidrashid::we signed Chandler to a 4 year 60 Million deal he not going anywhere he is our center something we didnt have since Ewing left
Sir_Volan::And I honestly feel their success would drop dramatically without Chandler. You better hope they keep that guy.
Sir_Volan::Lol, I'm not hating on you or the Knicks but racist? He coached Amare before with great success and didn't he have Lin run the offense when he didn't want to go to Melo?
JK Belvi 2008::Excuse #264 - someone elses game.....Nice try.
rashidrashid::yeh Kobe does all the time 3 for 26
JK Belvi 2008::And shoots well over 40%.
rashidrashid::a star player gets atleast 20-25 shots a game
rashidrashid::you dont be watching the game Melo on fire right now he been making his shots but you also have to be able to get shots to make shots when Dantoni was our coach Melo was only getting like 12 shots a game  i mean Fields and Lin was getting more shots than him
JK Belvi 2008::Hey Rashid! You forgot one thing - When you take shots, you are supposed to make them too! Remember that, OK? Thanks!
rashidrashid::yeh thats how i feel when you disrespect our star on the team and try to make him look bad  in the league puposely i mean if i was Melo and I left a winning team to come to help a team where he from and the coach didnt wnat me to take shots and thats what i do as a scorer i would have been mad too....anyways my point is you have to use your best players and Dantoni wasnt doing that puposely he tried to make Melo look like he wasnt needed when its clear we need Melo a proven player ask any player in the league about Melo and they know whats up one of the best
JK Belvi 2008::Snore.......snore.......snore........snore.....snore.....  As for Nash - good move. As for Melo - what is that....excuse #262? Now it's racial? You need a job.
KNICKS DA CHAMPS 2012::Don't hate the player, hate the game.
JK Belvi 2008::Don't hate the player, hate "his" game. Then prove it night in and night out...
JK Belvi 2008::Excuse #263 for not playing up to standards of how much he's paid? they need ticket sales and memorabilia to cover his salary - Sir.
Sir_Volan::You are forgetting an important thing about Melo in the Garden sir. Playing well or not, the team makes money off him with ticket sales and memorabilia.
rashidrashid::we been destroying teams with just Melo if not for that fourth quarter colapse against Indiana we will really be on fire but thats alright we going to take it out on Chicago
rashidrashid::Melo defense is good he brings energy and he a good rebounder 2nd best on the team besides Chandler so fall back im through talking to people who just be talking off hype dont believe everything you hear only what u see and Melo go hard on both ends game in game out
rashidrashid::whatever dosent earn 18m because of you please...Carmelo Anthony top five scorer in the league the last six season straight get your facts together
JK Belvi 2008::Well - your communicating a little bit better. Far from it this year - FACT!
Sir_Volan::I love Melo on the offensive end. Just wish he was better at defense. Let Lin go, he is too wreck less when he plays.
JK Belvi 2008::Based on your interpretation - No.
JK Belvi 2008::It should be. He makes 18m and doesn't earn it half the time.
rashidrashid::whatever Belvi u see them Knicks fall back this Melo team
rashidrashid::everyone get off Melo he been playing hard are team looks like a good team under Woodson using his stars going to Melo early he is playing his game no one can stop him one one besides he is playing the power forward position aganst bigger men and still Killing them we dont need Lin Melo on fire right now respect him he  clearly showing he are best player but everyone knows that they just $@%!$@%! like Dantoni
KNICKS DA CHAMPS 2012::Knicks Coaching Staff next season:  Head Coach: Jeff Van Gundy Assistant Coach: Mike Woodson Assistant Coach: Stan Van Gundy  Let's bring that championship back home fellas.
KNICKS DA CHAMPS 2012::He coached Spreewell.
Sir_Volan::You really want Van Gundy's coaching Melo?
KNICKS DA CHAMPS 2012::You don't even know what Jeff Van Gundy's style of coaching is.
Sir_Volan::That's what I'm saying. Van Gundy's style would just hurt team chemistry of the stars. Not saying they are bad, just not a good fit for the Knicks IMO.
JK Belvi 2008::No one coaches Melo. He's got the green light to be Melo. Whomever that may be on any given night...
Kimsky1::Don't need any Van Gundys. If they can't ge the Zen-meister then I'm good with Woodson. Off the top of my head he feels like the coach with the best record ove the last 10 yeas.
woodyattjon::"I got a color tv/so I can see/the Knicks play basketball"   Sincerely, The Sugar Hill Gang
