tani_budde::Look at all the butt-hurt Portland fans now! Ha what is Lilliard 23 years old? Hit his ceiling already I think.
Liquidplumrman::That's highly doubtful.
Brianhau529::By Hornet fans logic JJ Hickson &gt;&gt;&gt; Anthony Davis. Hickson scores more, rebounds way more and plays less minutes. But it's not like Blazer fans are all like JJ Hickson is better than Lillard lol.
tani_budde::Have fun with Lilliard, as good as he'll ever be HAHAHAHA
EasyRun18::Hickson vs Davis, by an unbiased fans, offensive side (this season) may be but absolutely not defense. Please note Davis, a rookie, just 20YO today, overall, Davis is too green, much better upside, I would say Davis will be like young Camby in 2-3 yrs, not  a dominated superstar but definitely a solid star.
NC State Wolpack 1::Blazers being favored on the road LOLOL
StepfatherHasSWAG::Well, another funny thing is the fact that your Father and I are Eskimo Brothers. LOLOL
StepfatherHasSWAG::Unibrow Davis is extremely overrated. He's just not that good.
NC State Wolpack 1::Nobody in college is. Lottery picks just aren't what they used to be
Kobelies247::Look on the bright side Blazer fans, THERE'S ALWAYS NEXT YEAR!!!  And the year after and the one after that and the next one after that..... LMFAO!!!!
BaySports 1.1::And in all of those respective years you will still be pathetic.  That's gotta suck.
Kobelies247::Well gosh, im very sorry this team sucks so bad! But you know what? Unlike you, IM USE TO IT!  Deal with it
mojart::at the end of their respective careers....davis &gt; lillard
StepfatherHasSWAG::lol. NOOOOOOOOoooooooooooo
BaySports 1.1::Hey good luck to the Pelicans!  The debate was fun, yet frustrating.
MJ KB .........LJ::Lakerssssssssssssssss
southbeachginja::Face it hornets fans, greivis and Anderson are your whole team
taste_teh_reinbo::I like how quick you are to "like" your own comments.
tybeans3000::Lmao!
taste_teh_reinbo::haha someone sounds a little $@%!$@%!
JoeBoxer249::Greivis Christ
ClydeTheGlide_22::As a blazer fan, it's nice to see that we play a bunch of above .500 teams from now to the end of the season. Considering how we seem to always lose to crap teams and beat the good teams.
Scott6760::portland is hardly in a position to view any team as crap
doof54::Could the problem be that they view them as crap teams? This is the NBA.
BaySports 1.1::Yes.
BaySports 1.1::Yes, it's the only hope we have.  We just can't seem to play against the crap teams.  We lost to the Bobcats for $@%! sake.
southbeachginja::hornets fans are the biggest hipocrits I've ever seen.  Saying how lillard sucks and was a bust.  First of all, lillard cant be a bigger bust than davis if davis was picked first and is having an awful season.  Second, Lillard puts up the best rookie stats in a while and his team is so much better than the hornets
UO2012::I guess we're better than the Spurs since we beat them by 30 on their home court
ClydeTheGlide_22::^ Ever heard of sarcasm?  Oh wait, you're a hornets fan, never mind, sarcasm is a foreign language to you guys
tybeans3000::then u guessed wrong
tybeans3000::Delusional because we don't agree with you? Let me guess you are an expert
tybeans3000::if his team is so much better why do they lose to them?
southbeachginja::Like i said before, The heat arent worse than the knicks or wizards because they lost to them.
taste_teh_reinbo::Also if the blazers are so much better why have they lost 2 of 3 to the hornets including a 30 pt loss? If the hornets had been healthy for the majority of the season I'd be willing to bet their record would be almost identical to portlands.
taste_teh_reinbo::Eric gordon missed half the season, Jason Smith and AD have missed significant time as well and now austin rivers is out for the season. What key players for the blazers have missed significant time?
BaySports 1.1::Do you realize all of the injuries Portland has had?  Do you realize we have the worst scoring bench in the history of the NBA?
taste_teh_reinbo::I"ve been a hornets fan for 20 years, also the blazers have only won 7 more games and the season isn't even over, add on top of that all the injuries the hornets have had. Also the hornet's rolled the blazers by 30 before the all-star break. Neither team is "good" but I would take the hornets in a 7 game series.
southbeachginja::The Heat lost to the knicks, does that mean they're worse than the knicks.  You hornets fans are delusional and half of you didn't exist till about 5 days ago
taste_teh_reinbo::when did any hornet's fan say lillard was a bust? also please tell me how davis is having an awful season? He has better per 36 min and a better PER than lillard. so please tell me why lillard is hands down the better rookie? b/c he scores more?
taste_teh_reinbo::I said he has the most doubles doubles for rookies while only playing in 48 games, I never used his injuries as an excuse as to why he doesn't score more.
southbeachginja::You said anthony davis missed games so it somehow affected his scoring and abilities.  Plus, all my arguements have been purely based off of facts
taste_teh_reinbo::What excuses have I made? I've used stats and logic to back up my argument. You haven't used either of the two.
southbeachginja::Also drummond averaged less minutes than davis so stop with the excuses
taste_teh_reinbo::Davis has played 2 less games than drummond even with drummond's missed time.
southbeachginja::If your making an excuse for Davis missing games, guess whos second in double-doubles?  Andre drummond, and he missed 7 weeks of basketball
taste_teh_reinbo::Davis leads all rookies in doubles and has only played in 48 games, he also averages about 12 mins less than lillard and only shoots the ball about 11 times a game on average. He shoots a better percentage than lillard as well. Use your head, Lillard probably should win ROY but to think there is a huge gap between him and davis is stupid.
southbeachginja::look at the top comments.  One fool got 6 likes for saying Lillard is a bust.  Second, #1 picks do not average 12 points per game and lead his team to a 20 game under 500. season.  Third, lillard is leading in points, assists, third in steals for a rookie and  his team is better than the hornets
doof54::Grizz fan here. Watched this game on LeaguePass with the NO announcers. They kept referring to the "dominating performance" Anthony Davis had against Memphis.  How exactly do you dominate an opponent while letting them cruise to an easy win?  See you Blazers again on Tuesday night.
tybeans3000::I hear you but when you said third stringer it came across like he was a scrub and he was starting for the raptors all year
doof54::cunning linguist.  Ed Davis is no scrub.
tybeans3000::That third stringer was a lottery pick
doof54::Plays behind Zach Randolph and Darrell Arthur.  Not sure youth is  a virtue with Lionel Hollins
taste_teh_reinbo::So steph curry didn't dominate the knicks even though they lost and he dropped 54 on them?
yesir504::22 pt 19 rbd isn't a dominant performance?? Ok buddy..
doof54::and Anthony had 20 and 18,
taste_teh_reinbo::Ed davis had 12 9 and 5.
doof54::Did you watch that game? He was far from dominant.  The 3rd stringer he was "guarding" went for 12 points 9 rebounds and 5 blocks. (Ed Davis)
doof54::I like the Hornicans, and like A. Davis. (lotta love for Grievez). A. Davis was playing against the third-string Grizzlies PF. Zach Randolph was out, Darrell Arthur was out.  His quiet performance getting those stats had very little impact on the Game.
bigbluenation90::hornets win another double double from Anthony Davis
yesir504::Most double double by any rookie with 12...Drummond with 8 in 2nd place
yesir504::Yea Lillard is for sure lol
BaySports 1.1::;)
BaySports 1.1::I'll give you this, he is a better #1 pick than Oden, lol.
Tian Sang::blazers wish they has the black mamba on that last shot
taste_teh_reinbo::So after it was a brick Dwight Howard could be blamed for the loss?
Tian Sang::trail blazers should have passed the ball to Vino
yesir504::Hey guys in no way am I discrediting Lillard he's a beast...trust me I wish u guys would of passed so we could of got him at 10 lol..that'd been beastin ....Lillard gets more 11 more min than Davis and shoots much more than him also...sorry but 22pts 19 rbds is more impressive than 35 pts 9 asst ask anyone n only reason I'm pointing this out cause someone threw that out there in post below...Davis affects the game much more than Lillard on both ends of the floor....it'll be a close race n decision that's for sure n either one. Would deserve it
taste_teh_reinbo::This reminds me of the CP3 vs. Dwill debate from a couple years ago....(Davis is cp3 and lillard is dwill)
DISandDAT6::Good god. If Davis effected the game more he wouldn't have been coming off the bench.
BaySports 1.1::No he wouldn't, lol.  Good lord dude.
taste_teh_reinbo::He also plays like 40 mins a game on a team with no bench...if Davis played that many mins he'd probably avg close to 20 and 15.
BaySports 1.1::Well lets put it this way, Lillard has won rookie of the month every month.
yesir504::Yea we could n that's why I said Either could win it n it'd be ok...but u guys r the ones getting all defensive lol
BaySports 1.1::And, Lillard has a chance to be better than Brandon Roy.
yesir504::After an injury
BaySports 1.1::Good god, we could go in circles for days about this.
taste_teh_reinbo::Davis came off the bench for like 3 games after an injury...Look at their per 36 min and PER numbers and davis is the superior player. He's also 3 years younger and hasn't even grown into his body. Davis has the potential to be a once in every 10 years type player, while Lillard will most likely be a very good but not great player.
yesir504::Exactly my point n still only avgs 5 more pnts
BaySports 1.1::Lillard is our QB bro.  He touches the ball on every possession.
yesir504::Wth r u talking about?? He doesn't come off the bench ur an idiot
BaySports 1.1::Did you really just say that he effects the game more?!  LOL
yesir504::Someone that is a beast on both ends of the floor doesn't affect the game more than a 1 sided player?? Yea ok buddy....just cuz ur guy is the pg doesn't mean he affects the game more
PortBlazerFan22::Anthony Davis has 0 effect on the game. The Hornets suck.
bigbluenation90::haha
yesir504::They suck so bad u just lost to us.
Terps6107::Looks like he is coming into his game though...averaging about 15pts and over 9 assists a game...how many of that caliber do you have on your team?
Terps6107::Hey NO fans...how is Greivis doing?
tybeans3000::Has to cut the turnovers down
yesir504::Concrete shoes?? Yea he can go with his hero ball antics...complete defensive liability just too slow
yesir504::Anthony Davis should win Roy'!!!!!!!!
southbeachginja::you mean BOY.  Bust of the year
DISandDAT6::Yeah... Lillard has 4 Rookie of the Month's.. Davis has 0... hmmm
PortBlazerFan22::Lillard owns the  rookie of the month. You don't know what you're talking about..lol
DISandDAT6::I just want to hear the reasoning
yesir504::Sorry any writer who has waiters n beal ahead of Davis is a joke
DISandDAT6::Davis is 4th. http://www.nba.com/rookie-ladder/
BaySports 1.1::Don't diminish what Lillard has done.  He leads the highest scoring starting 5 in the NBA, and has had no backup until recently.  Your guy will be great, two different positions.  Best of luck.
yesir504::Lillard also avg 11 more min than Davis.
BaySports 1.1::Lillard just had 35 and 9 vs. the Spurs in San Antonio.  And that's not even his season high.  He is our new number 1 option over 2 time all star Lamarcus Aldridge.  Think about that for a second.
yesir504::Honestly not that espn matters much but they have him as the leader as of now.
yesir504::Look at the numbers bro...not just the ppg dude that isn't all that matters not that's ad is far behind tho...Lillard is a chucker no?? He avgs about 5 more points but shoots much more. Davis does it all and is a diff maker. Dude just came off a 22 pt 19 rebound game n follows it up with 18 10...he's a beast
BaySports 1.1::They are either homers, or antagonists.  Or both.  2 days ago people were saying Lillard will be better than CP3.
BaySports 1.1::How do you go from beating the Spurs by 30 at their place only 2 days ago (and setting a record for most points scored in their arena), to this?  I don't get you Blazers.
DISandDAT6::The whole year. Up and down
BaySports 1.1::Frustrating.
PortBlazerFan22::The Blazers wern't even supposed to be in the playoff picture this year. Remember?
Kobelies247::Theyre not!
bostonhater200::What is NO chances, NONE!
yesir504::What's that got to do with what he said??
Ball Hog Like Jake Taylor::You Portland fans are creeps and pedobears...... BYE LOSERS! :)
bostonhater200::ok inbreed swamp loser. Try not to make out with your sister too much, alright?
Ball Hog Like Jake Taylor::bostonhater200 -   YEAH U MAD HAHA
bostonhater200::You are one disgusting creep.
Ball Hog Like Jake Taylor::U MAD?
DISandDAT6::Get past the 8th grade. You can do it.
Ball Hog Like Jake Taylor::Portland sucks... Greg Oden injured himself on purpose because it was depressing to play there.
DISandDAT6::Ever been to PDX?
BaySports 1.1::Did you graduate high school?  And don't lie.
BaySports 1.1::I'll take that as a no.
Ball Hog Like Jake Taylor::creep..this isn't a dating site.
airicad::Lillard will have a great future and deserves the ROY, but the rookie year doesn't determine an entire career.  I would say that Drummond, Davis, Lillard, Beal, Waiters, Sullinger, and Harkless are all capable of having great careers and even supposed "busts" like Robinson and Rivers can develop into great players.  Big men usually have a harder time their rookie season but are equally if not more valuable.  That's why Davis was taken first, and that's also why Detroit is excited about Drummond.
Flash Barrett::Rivers won't be great...and its hard for Robinson to prove he's a bust when he barely got minutes in Sacramento
airicad::I think Rivers will be better than most people expect him to be right now.
cha cha cha chia--::The funny thing is Lillard and Davis are not even going to stay with either of these teams LOL
BaySports 1.1::Yes, because our owner is very poor.
ShadowH2::Hah, alright, just keep saying that.
Flash Barrett::DISandDAT6 And assists and leads his team the whole game. __________________________________________  He's a pg he should average more assist than a pf and should lead the team... If that's your argument then u must think he's better than Aldridge too
DISandDAT6::Name all the rookies that lead their team as efficiently as Lillard... I'm talking 4th quarter comebacks and clutch timely shots. None
BaySports 1.1::Portland has the highest scoring starting 5 in the NBA.  That's a fact.  Need a friggin bench.
DISandDAT6::Can't wait to pick up some real players this offseason and dumb the scrubs
R1pC1ty::what you talkin bout?! Babbit is clutch
BaySports 1.1::Lol.
doof54::Is it time for the Blazers to be jockeying for lottery position, or playoff position?
MattN1013::I don't even think Blazer fans think they can make the playoffs but they should give up
Ill-Blaze::no I want us to stay out of the lottery and to give up our pick to the bobcats this year since this draft is looking like the worst in nba history
R1pC1ty::playoffs til the end
doof54::OK. After they lose to the Grizz on Tuesday then.
R1pC1ty::nope
doof54::Was that tonight?
ShadowH2::So pissed off, WHAT THE $@%! was Jeffries doing? He had a 6-8 guy on a 6 footer, and he thinks he should HELP?! I don't even know what to say.
BaySports 1.1::We can't get up against crappy teams on the road.
doof54::Maybe because you think they are crappy teams.
EricStratton_RushChair::Running out to double a scrub like Vasquez.  Absolutely horrendous
Flash Barrett::Scrub?
HEAT DA GREATEST::Ask any GM who they would want for the next 10 years. They will say Davis. Sure Lillard will win ROY but Davis will win playoffs series.
EricStratton_RushChair::Lol.  You've been a heat fan since March 10, 2013?  You have no credibility.
SdotPaul504::They can have ROY award. Tyreke Evans got it an hes a nobody. I'd much rather Curry over evans.
R1pC1ty::both are great players, lillard is the best #6 pick in this last decade though
MattN1013::6
BaySports 1.1::#6
MattN1013::Lillard has proven to come up big in big time situations. Has Davis?
BaySports 1.1::Lol.  Sure thing.
DISandDAT6::The Pelicans will never win playoff series with this team....
Ball Hog Like Jake Taylor::DISandDAT6 - Won more than the Hornets... fu.cktard  who pissed on your playoff chances?
DISandDAT6::Won more than the Hornets... fu.cktard
Ball Hog Like Jake Taylor::DISandDAT6 - Umm.. when did I say Portland would?  you're bashing the Hornets but your team isn't winning either.
DISandDAT6::Umm.. when did I say Portland would?
ShadowH2::They're almost a playoff team this year with no bench, yeah, I think they have a good shot if they get an adequate bench in the next couple of years.
Ball Hog Like Jake Taylor::and Portland will?
81361rc::everbody is beating no. except portland. big head from beating sant. so much for that win. what a disappointing team.
ras1982::You know they're in a rebuilding year right? Calm down buddy
DISandDAT6::Don't say Anthony Davis over Lillard.. please...
jboliv01::I don't know why they're being compared.  They play two different positions.
Flash Barrett::Why cause Lillard averages more points?
DISandDAT6::And assists and leads his team the whole game.
ShadowH2::The bench scored 11 POINTS tonight, $@%!$@%!$@%!$ ELEVEN.
HEAT DA GREATEST::AD &gt; D Lill
jboliv01::maybe that 3 would've matter had they won.
ShadowH2::Lol, just lol. Who was the one hitting clutch shots and making clutch passes late?
BaySports 1.1::Lillard, ROY. SUCK IT.
Ball Hog Like Jake Taylor::ShadowH2 - Lillard hit the clutch 3 to give the Blazers the lead though.  but did they win tho?
ShadowH2::Lillard hit the clutch 3 to give the Blazers the lead though.
Flash Barrett::Who was the one with clutch defense on the last shot ?
SdotPaul504::Davis had a pretty clutch offensive rebound
R1pC1ty::not this year
BaySports 1.1::Like I said earlier, beat the good teams, lose to the crappy teams.  Nice job Portland.
HEAT DA GREATEST::but portland is one if those crappy teams
BaySports 1.1::Beat the Heat.
Ball Hog Like Jake Taylor::blazers aren't in the playoffs.
BaySports 1.1::Good, you can read.
ShadowH2::WHAT DO YOU KNOW, the bench costs this team ANOTHER WIN.
phillyman08::YES good job NOLA! Sixers are catching up to you in that L column to get a better pick ;)
SdotPaul504::No we bout to start tanking soon. Its gg for yall bro
tybeans3000::sworthin117 Yep, there are no excuses for this game.  That is why the Blazers will win.  Guaranteed...  Lmao!!!!!!!!!!!
virdi17::blown opp for the blazers to catch up, if lakers did it so could they
matt_malph::Thank you pelicans
EricStratton_RushChair::Somebody answer me why Portland was double teaming Vasquez at the end?  You serious?
R1pC1ty::jeffries is an idiot
davejohnsonnola::Who Dat!....man I thought it was gonna be another 4th quarter let it get away
BaySports 1.1::Really Portland?  Friggin really?
Wayz112::Anthony Davis will end up the better player than Lillard
southbeachginja::so thats now your excuse for his awful season.  Anthony davis will always be known as a bust
jboliv01::Anthony Davis with more muscle and a few years experience = big man who can stroke  and handle the ball well while playing defense like the old d howard.
BaySports 1.1::Sorry dude, no.
Kuddish::2nd half under does not hit because refs actually call a foul in the last minute!!! Never goes that way for ME! F U C K U Refs!!
junoNCAL::damn never even reached 500 comments  LOL
Ball Hog Like Jake Taylor::I'm glad Blazers lost... they are too close to my Jazz.
Flash Barrett::The Jazz ain't making the playoffs anyway so why it matter
R1pC1ty::Great sub stotts
emthomasjr::Game.  Pelicans.
