Boltsfan Masterson::Clippers are still the Lakers' b!tch.
Thomas Townsen::Always!
Alex Acton::Give the Clippers a break.... its their first road game of the season........
Derrick Myers::lol
Matthew Diradoorian::you do realize they are "home"
Alex Acton::Matthew Diradoorian Thanks, idiot.
Michael Fitzer::Where are the bandwagon clipper fans at ? Before the game, I'm pretty sure all of them predicted a blowout. You guys looked pathetic...
Joe Alley::They were partly right with their prediction.  It's just the other way around. Lol.
Nathan John::Lakers destroy the Clippers and former Celtic coach... classic.
Mike Dixon::Correction:  Lakers BENCH destroys the Clippers and former Celtic coach...classic
Lee Buntoum::Lakers starters also didnt play a single minute of the 4th.
Aj Iceberg::Mike Dixon , you know the bench is still apart of the team right?
Carl Justin Cimagala::LAkers fan forever!!!!!!! even  if they are 0-82
Eric Lopez::Yeah I know they do have a chance to go 0-82. They will make History and you Laker fans will always bring that up.
Gabriel Santiago::1-0 baby
Myles Sampson::Eric Lopez you just weren't loved as a child were you?
Aaron Rooney::After reading several posts below I have come to a conclusion...  Laker fans are by far the dumbest of all fanbases.
Eric Lopez::Laker fans are more stupid then Cowboy fans.... Remember when they beat Boston in the NBA finals in 2010 and after the game they start going crazy and started a big riot outside of Staple Center on the streets..... Yeah they are by far the dumbest of all fanbase. You're right about that one. I won't be surprised if they had more then one riot before.
Brenden Elwood::or we're just always hopeful and always believe in our team like good fans do
Amir Shirazi::Eric Lopez just look at yourself that would tell a lot you = the dumbness person to know anything about sports Go watch WNBA tool
David Aulds::This game proved the Clippers are overrated. They play no defense and don't have a post presence what so ever.  The West comes through OKC, Houston, San Antonio and maybe Golden State.
Josh Jordan::Maybe Golden State will teach a few pointers to the clippers on how to play defense. We'll find out tomorrow
Michael Fitzer::Josh Jordan They looked nothing like the Jacksonville Jaguars. You most likely have a low basketball IQ.
Billy Ahnd Edna Vicari::THERE HE IS AGAIN. THE ALWAYS WRONG JOSH JORDAN! trolls football threads now hes at it with the nba! lmao  clippers are overrated! warriors were 19th in the league in points allowed per game last year at 100.3    not exactly a defensive force in the league! the west is gonna be a 3 maybe 4 horse race with SA,HOU,OKC, possible GSW....
Antoine Black::Doc has just contacted the front office and he wants to coach the Lakers
Lamar Davenport::I wish.
Bobby Alorro::No thanks... Most overrated coach in the NBA. Owes his ring to Thibs.
Dave Lusty::suck it laker haters
Eric Lopez::The Laker fans favorite channel is the History channel.
Justin Jenkins::Lakers are the better franchise. Always will be.  That joke is old.
Barry Nickles::The Clippers favorite tv show is the NBA Finals.
Chad Everett Dooley::Barry Nickles they "watch" it all the time
Josh Jordan::Lakers = Jacksonville Jaguars of this year's NBA
Brian McCauley::I guess we are the clippers the past 30 years ...lol....bandwagon jump on it
Brian McCauley::you probably dont even know who gary grant or beniot benjamin is...clipper fans are fickle
David Kim::He's obviously a fan of a team in Texas.
Chris Smith::As a wizards fan reading the comments makes me hate clippers fans.. you have won NOTHING.. don't talk.. in fact you've won less than the wizards.. sad
Bryan Navarro::preach!
Al Hoskins::Lakers for life... We can't win them all.. THe Lakers will get back their winning glory really soon!!! Lakers 102 Clippers 99 in OT
Pete Beamer::It's good they allowing dunking in the NBA.....without it Blake Griffin would average about 4 points a game.
Rob Ygl::99 percent of the league would love to have his hops and handles, the other 1 percent is lebron, so hes doing fine lol
Bryce Morgan::I hate this debate. Griffin does suck at shooting, but take that away from the game and every center in the game is null and void
Pete Beamer::Bryce Morgan .....why do you hate Kareem?  You mean most Bigs today.
David Feeler::I always find it amazing how the Lakers fans have so little respect for other teams and their abilities. What are you so afraid of that you're reduced to such dribble. You lost every game last year to the Clippers and you talk like a scared child on the playground. Little brother grew up and your afraid. Magic Johnson said it best,"The Clippers now that's Showtime" You're right they do need to win a title, oh yeah you will say but we have 17. To which I respond Boston has 18. OMG those horrible Lakers really...... Times are changing and so is the game so shut up sit down and get over yourself so the rest of us can enjoy an honest rivalry.
Sasha Hasanbegovic::This nigga..
Corey Sharer::@ david feeler the lakers have 16 and celtics have 17....get your history right or no one is gonna take you serious with your one sided argument.
Aaron Overton::Lakers fans are just like all the other sports franchise fans. We ALL talk trash. Just like you just did... and like the heat/pats/yankees/(insert sports team)
Sau Kweng Tan::simple. lakers bench outplayed the clippers starters and bench! shame!!!! clippers looked slow and confused!
Paul Sharpe::76 to 34....  Laker bench 'Demolished' Clipper bench...
Calvin Song::Paul Sharpe and their starter!
Blaise Roper::LA still belongs to the Lakers.  In doesn't matter how many banners and retired jersey you cover up
Carlos Ortiz::Lakers will surprise the Clips in this game, Lakers added a lot of young legs and will take a huge lead early but the Clips will make it a game but still lose in the end.  Lakers 105, Clippers 98....Tacos for everyone
Eric Lopez::We all can tell that you've been drinking..... Don't drink and drive. Please don't...
Amir Shirazi::Eric we can tell you're stupid
Devin Baranick::Good prediction!
Aaron Rooney::LAC 178 LOL 63  Book it
Eric Lopez::I was thinking more like... LAC 278 LAL 63
Amir Shirazi::Eric Lopez I was thinking more like clippers still suck bandwagon zero ring much hahahaha loser
Pedro Antonio Castaneda::Eric Lopez I was thinking more like Clippers making actual run in the playoffs for once. dont brag about your home when its not yours. do not put teams down when you are down there with them since anyone can remember
Travis Cook::If Kobe is healthy, that Lakers team is scary. 1) They still have size with Gasol and Kaman. 2) They have athleticism on the perimeter now. 3) They have some guys that can hit threes now. 4) They have a bench now.  I can see that Lakers team finishing in the top four in the West, depending on Kobe's health.
Rolando Mercado::the reason they were good today is because of the ball movement and defense. kobe back means no more ball movement and a defensive hole. lakers are better without kobe at this stage.
Dan Martin::Rolando Mercado You clearly didn't watch the renaissance in Kobe's passing game last year. That game against OKC where he had 14 assists was a turning point. He'll still have moments where he enters team carrying mode but he will have to rely on passing more than ever coming back from this injury. Kobe will improve this squad. We already saw how much of a crater they were without him in the playoffs last year. With a real bench and the kind of effort the D put in most of the game tonight, this team can be scary
Robert Santana::The Lakers without Kobe= Great fundamental team with a good understanding of the game and smooth chemistry to be the 4th or 5th best team in the West  The Lakers with Kobe= Struggle to get an 8 seed while Kobe takes 50 shots a night and claims that his shooting such a high volume of shots is "their best chance to win"
Pete Beamer::The Lakers without Kobe.....about 4 less NBA Titles.  What a moron.
Bryce Morgan::Pete Beamer that was prime Kobe. As much as I dislike Santana he is right about the present
Jacob Sharar::he's not right about the present. did you see this team without kobe in the playoffs last year? thank you. they got exposed when it mattered and might as well have been a college team against the spurs.  This board with out you= good This board with you= Troll city, troll troll city.
David Creig Simmons::I am very disappointed with the TNT announcers in last night's game.  It was a LAKERS home game not the clippers, yet the announcers were clearly wanting the clippers to win.  Not only the announcers but the broadcast was full of clippers advertisements.  I am very curious why TNT was given the broadcast rites to this game.  Let's face the fact that the LAKERS outplayed the clippers and won the game, it was not a fluke.
John Grumet::I noticed that too, like TNT was trying to showcase the clppers on purpose,  whatever.  I think the clippers are overrated. Chris Paul is good, but he is not close to Lebron or tony parker or even hardin, time will tell.
Brian Hampton::John if you were presented those two rosters on paper which team would you be trying to showcase?LOL.  Props to the Lakeshow though..
Tatyana Kuptsevich::As a Spurs fan, I hate the Lakers. However, this year I'm annoyed as hell about all the pundits getting so high on the Clippers who have done NOTHING to earn the hype. So I really enjoyed seeing a Lakers bench of third-stringers whip the "elite" and top-contending in the West (per Charles Barkley and Marc Stein) Clippers starters. The Lakers won't win a title this year, but I won't be surpised if they actually make it further in the playoffs than the Clippers.
Ken Mann::At least for one night, "Little Brother" was still "Little Brother."  Who knows if the Lakers can keep this up, but it would be pretty satisfying to see them shut up the so-called "experts"!  Lakers fan since 1980
Dylan Bunch::I knew the Clippers were overrated, but this is just embarrassing. No perimeter defense, no post offense, and no effort. Clips are looking like another loss in the first-round is likely.
