Alan Bonness::Te guy doing the recap said that TT has been a disapointment for the cavs so far. WTF is this guy on?
George Chip Thayer::Yeah, these double doubles and last second shots in regulation to allow the Cavs another chance in this game are really hurting the Cavs.
John Luberp::I was instantly thinking, wait Tristan Thompson the guy who averages a double double? And looking at that draft who is better then Thompson? Irving maybe Klay Thompson and that's it. On second thought I would much rather have the Jimmer, or Bismack Biyombo. The 2011 draft was a joke and Thompson was a steal.
Alan Bonness::John Luberp Its just the hate that espn has for Cleveland. It goes back to when Gary Miller was arrested for urinating out of a window at a Cleveland club in 1997 while covering the American League Championship.
Robert Carlton::Bucks! Tank! Need more losses!!
David Glickfield IV::In Uncle Drew we trust.
Michael Greenawalt::FOUR blocks by Kyrie?   That plus his 39 points -- not bad for being a game-time decision due to illness...
Peter Knowe::teams 4-17 and 6-17 they cant really call this NBA basketball
Adam Aycock::Cleveland's record is 9-15
Jon Zimmer::Bucks are missing a couple players on a team that already struggles to score, Cavs are missing 1 of their leading scorers and their main shot creator is sick.  Expect this one to be ugly for 4 quarters.
Steven Censored::Any more drunk ignorant rants from peter??
Steven Armonia::anyone know if kris middleton is sidelined?
Charles Cherry::Bucks +9
Dave Risner::Not likely. You had better hope Kyrie and Waiters are out.
Ryan Hastings::Cavs really need to do a better job getting up for games like this.  They seem to have their best games against the top competition in the NBA (not that they win them, but they usually start those games with a lot of energy).  Really no excuse to go through the motions when your best player is sick and the opposing team is only dressing 9 players.  Glad they won, but I'm still worried about this team playing down to their competition's level.
George Chip Thayer::Brandon Knight is playing so much better after getting away from Detroit.    The kid is producing very well and nearly had a triple double tonight.    Very impressive considering he was a score first pg while playing with the pistons.   I think Clemons has been a very good coach for him.
Cory Nope::Prince killed his assist totals by attempting to play point forward, then Calderon almost bled him dry. Knight always plays his best ball against Kyrie Irving.
George Chip Thayer::Cory Nope agree.    But Knight looks so much better on the Bucks then he did with the Pistons.   Not trying to diss the Detroit team, just pointing out it's nice to see the kid we thought would excel coming out of college starting to do just that.    I know Kyrie doubled the score on him, but Knight's game was nothing to sneeze at.    And you're right, Kyrie has that big target on his back with a lot of the younger PGs, especially Knight.
Doug McDougal::Guy in video recap says Tristan Thompson has "been very disappointing" as a Cavalier? He isn't a superstar but he has done a heck of a job. Zeller and/or Waiters on the other hand...
A.j. Skiba::Waiters has been fine. He's averaging like points a game in his 2nd year... Once he's in his prime, he'll probably average close to 18-20 a game. I don't see how people think he's a bust. Zeller is terrible though.
George Chip Thayer::Good game to the Bucks and their fans.  With only 9 players ready to play in this one, took the Cavs to OT and just missed at the end.     Uncle Drew was outstanding even with the flu.  Also TT with another double double.
Ryan Hastings::On a positive note, Cavs now have the 4th best home record in the conference.  Hopefully they can get on a roll because this team easily has the talent to be the 4th seed in this conference.
John Osaki Jr.::Great win for the Cavs! Checkout the point guard comparison in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Jon Zimmer::Bynum need to keep his head up and pass out of the triple teams.  !st quarter and we have seen him take 2-3 shots over 3+ defenders, one of those times Cj was sitting at the top of the 3 wide open.
Gene A Gonzales::Holy crap, Brown actually had his 3 all stars in the game at the same time! Andy needs to start over Tristan and the Cavs will roll!!!
Rick Voorhees::Where's is Dion tonight?  He is missing from the active roster tonight.
Michael Shen::He hurt his wrist, he's day to day
Steven Censored::39 points and 4 blocks.....Kyrie is putting up MVP numbers
Jon Zimmer::No Dion makes me way less excited to watch this game.
Adam Aycock::Kyrie Irving.... Enough said
Jon Zimmer::Adam Aycock I like Kyrie, but Dion is my favorite player on the team.
Robert Glasper::Is waiters playing along with irvin
Adam Aycock::No, he is coming off the bench
Bobby Williams::yea your asking a bad team to keep it close
George Chip Thayer::Best Wishes to the Bucks and their fans.   Go Cavaliers!
Kyle Miller::As a Bucks fan, I agree. Go Cavs!
Peter Knowe::home team opens 1-7 lol
Bobby Williams::irving is in
Pablo Young::Go Cavs!
Michael Shen::OT!!
