David Evertsen::What does Bigfoot and a 'winning' Kings teammate have in common? They don't exist.  Going to a Kings game is like going to the Zoo excited to see the animals...only all of the animals are fake, sleeping, dead or drugged. "Come back tomorrow" the animals will be better. So we pay more money to go see the animals, and we get to see one walking around...'yeah!' "come back tomorrow - the gazelles will be awake". At some point, STOP BUYING TICKETS!!! Wow these guys are bad - from the coaches to the players to the management. Going to a game used to be fun, but today's NBA is too much drama, not enough fun and certainly no variety. Sorry, Mr. Fredette - you don't belong because you have class, poise, and a basketball IQ equal to the rest of the entire team, coaching staff and mascot. Hope to see you on the court soon. Don't hold your breath, though.
Adam Maher::Well said
Andrew Jackson::The guy is  scrub, trust me if he could play he would be playing.
Matthew Stephenson::Andrew Jackson Watched like 90% of his NBA games, he is not a scrub. Why should we trust you?
John Larson::Stats to consider. Assists - Kings 21 Grizz 30, Turnovers Kings 8 Grizz 16... Twice as many turnovers for the Grizz but 9 more assists and they get the win.  kings last year averaged barely over 15 assists a game so 21in this game is an improvement... but until they learn to share the ball they still won't win consistently.  Apparently these guys just don't care about winning because I know it's preached in their locker room to share the ball more, just too many egos!  Also, FREE JIMMER!
Matt Moffett::Another Kings loss another Jimmer DNP.......... THINGS that make you go hmmmmm.
John Larson::Coach should threaten to play Jimmer again, seemed to work last time.  Makes them actually play to win instead of play for themselves when they know Jimmer might take their spot on the court.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::John Larson - LOL that's hilarious, because its dead on true ! Only if they played hard on both sides, and not just one on one isolation half the time, they would put themselves in a position to win more games. Playing with Passion and working hard beats talent.
Melissa Fowler Townsend::Hope they keep sitting Fredette it seems to be working...if your goal is to LOSE!!   Let Jimmer go!!!!!  Give the man the Green Light!!!
George Jimas::lol he sucks, just give it up
Micheal Buroues::George Jimas A few weeks ago, i would agree. But to see how bad some of the guys play on the court, Jimmer sounds like a good idea
David Evertsen::What amazing logic. Man, you and I must REALLY suck then! The kid wins every college trophy for individual merit and can likely school you and me...but he 'sucks? By all accounts, he is one of the top shooting % in the league - and even with his average / below average defense - goes lights-out nearly every chance he has...but he sucks...WOW. Considering the team he is on and they way they are playing...I think they ALL "suck" (by your standards) unless you want to amend YOUR definition of "suck". I make it a practice never destroy another man's dream. If fans want to see Jimmer..."pray for the man and pray for the fan". See you on the court, George!
Chad Wiggins::one thing about it, Jimmer will shortly be on his way out of this purgatory, and he'll be the luckiest guy on this team....
Adam Maher::I hope your right
Eddie McGaffigan::How do you continue to punish Cousins when the backups actually cut it to 5 and you have a chance to win?  What message does that send to the best player on your team who is having a great season and has worked his butt off for you.  It's not even close to the right way to get on the right side of a player with the temperment of Cousins....That coach is a moron.
Graham Horobetz::It appears we're back. Final judgement on this to be made after tomorrow night's game against the Clippers.
Steave Hoover::McLemore has 2 points in 17 minutes? What kind of coach is this!!!
David Evertsen::George, I went to Ricks College, Weber State, and University of Kansas for both my Masters Degrees. Played ball many times with Paul Pierce, Raif LaFrenz, Scott Pollard and the boys back in the day. Had a nephew who played 2 and was the top recruit in Arizona - played Div1 and pro ball. Even had an opportunity to play professional football myself. So...while I don't argue with your superior credentials as a basketball / athlete analyst, I do find your attempt at a personal insult unfortunate. Stick to your first statement about Jimmer sucking and stick to basketball man...at least there you have a chance at sounding respectable. (@ Romney...there's always one 'jackass' on a posting. Thanks for showing up!)
Nathan Whittle::I don't know how I can continue to root for this team...I know I need to be patient, but we suck!  At least Malone isn't yo-yoing the line up around like Smart did, but sticking with crap instead of juggling it is getting the same results.  One of the few unselfish players on the team is on the bench, not that he would make us a winner...just saying that we are selfish and suck and need someone to develop our young talent, not let them do what they want on the court.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Nathan Whittle - Westpaul is the one who started the zigzag of a rotation, and Keith smart followed it. There is a reason that outside of cousins, none of our players are truly developed. Malone all ready proving on defense that he knows what he is doing. We are 9th best in the nba on points allowed, compared to 30 last season. That is an amazing improvement. Hopefully our offense starts clicking more. I believe we will end up winning 30 plus games, Only negative of that is... it will put us around 7-10th pick in a loaded nba draft. No wiggins, Parker, randle, smart, or Gordon.
Chad Wiggins::Ernest Bagdasaryan hows that translating in the ways of wins and losses..... just because u put a bunch of defensive minded offensive scrubs on the floor doesnt make u a good coach...  a good coach finds a balance... the balance is riding the fffffn pine... it is unreal... fredette is a scoring machine, and yet because he knows how selfish this team is in nature, he sacrifices his offensive everytime he plays to help try and show that theres a better way.... and yet no matter how much better they look as a team when he is on the court, because malone is so defensive blinded (not minded) this team continues to be selfish purgatory pit for players
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Chad Wiggins  Its too early to see how a team will end up, i mean we have not even reached game 10 yet of the season. We will have a better idea of where we stand come all star weekend. It could be that from new owners down to coach are focused on dropping games for the loaded draft. ( not a bad strategy )   What i mean about our defense has improved is, we are not getting blown out before half time like with paul westpaul and keith smart. Malone is def a better coach. Cousins and Thomas are averaging 20 and 18 not exactly scrubs. I asked you last time who your favorite team is wiggins. I assume your a kings fan, or a jimmer fan. So are you ?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Hey Kings and Grizzles fan, lets play an interesting prediction game. Who ends up as the top player from both teams, and who wins the game. I believe it will be Cousins with 25 pts and 15 rbs from the kings. Gasol with 20 pts and 10 rbs. Kings win by 5 pts. Lets see other interesting predictions.
Chase Ennis::Starting to look like the team I know and love. Go Grizzlies!! Don't forget to vote Marc, Z-Bo, and Conley for the All Star game!
Adam Maher::Please free Jimmer already!
Steave Hoover::At least he can shoot the ball. These other guys aren't pure shooters! McLemore, whom I love because I'm a huge KU fan only had 5 points in how many minutes!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::5 pt game, kings bench is on fire !
Reginald Anthony Foster::NBA>>>NFL
Russ Harris::NBA = NFL  with bad calls...
Matt Hall::jimmer fredette needs to be let go to a team that will actually use him. when he's played he's proven he can score. i don't want to hear he's no good on d, cause apparently the whole team sucks on d.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::10TH in points allowed doesn't seem like a team that sucks on defense. You need to do a better job on researching your comments, opinions or facts before you post them. The kings issue is on offensive this season. I also agree that jimmer should get SOME minutes a game, in clutch situations where the game is on the line. It would be great if he improved his defense.
Matt Mossman::Defense has been good. Offense has created wide open shots that nobody is knocking down right now. Patterson and Thornton are well below their career shooting percentages. If they can get back to their normal shooting with Thomas and Cousins continuing to improve, there will be a lot more wins.
Graham Horobetz::When Ed Davis is on the court it's essentially 4 vs. 5 Koufos with 4 points and 6 rebounds in 10 minutes, efficient, doesn't try to play outside of himself, in short: Koufos >>>>>>>>>>>> Davis
Greg Bosgraaf::True, different positions though and I still haven't given up on Ed yet.
Graham Horobetz::Mike Conley only 5 points on 2-4 shooting, but 6 assists and 0 turnovers, can't be overlooked despite Gasol's great first half
Anthony Riccio::I think the kings GM was the one admitting to throwing the season for a great draft pick... I mean c'mon the celtics have a better record
Matt Mossman::You know that the team they were playing was in the Western Conference Finals? No shame in losing by ten to that team.
John Larson::They can throw the season and get the top two draft picks and it WON'T MATTER.  The Kings organization needs a complete overhaul (again), they have NO IDEA how to manage a group of players to make them winners.  It's not just the coach, it trickles all the way up the ladder and yes, the players are equally responsible.
Matt Mossman::Malone is a good coach and the people in charge know what they're doing. There are major salary problems that the Maloofs left behind though. In three years, this mess will be completely cleaned up and then an accurate judgement can be made.
Chad Wiggins::well this ugliest looking basketball team ive ever seen. they sub out crap for crap
Lindsay Frischenmeyer::Ummm.. Note...Tony Allen, PLLLLEEEASSEE do not attempt 3 pointers.
Noah Clock::Can someone tell me why Cousins has only played 18 minutes?  Can't watch the game.
Chad Wiggins::coach is a moron... he chose to punish him with the rest of the guys even tho cousins was actually playing hard....
Russ Harris::Chad Wiggins the coach is quoted as saying, " he wasn't trying to send a message....he just wanted to win the game."
