Steve Broome::Tough game but a good win. Go Dubs.
Clint Czar Jefferson::GS are FRAUDS
Terence Clancey::Your a fu**in idiot
Amir Shirazi::Terrace  lancet stay classy chump !
Mang Artemio::running your last play to the oldest man on your team o'neil? not a good decision by curry... he should have gave it to klay or lee. poor decesion.
Darryl McMillon::I didn't like that one either. Yes, O'Neil was money tonight but that was a bad shot. Glad we got away with the win after that mistake.
Dennis R Vass::Great team effort by Dubs!
ShawtyBoy MaDukes::I think that with key pieces missing from the warriors rotation the pelicans should b able to continue their hot streak at home. if jrue can shoot at least fifty percent from the field an davis hold down the paint , can allow for key role players to play a big part in the pelicans a quality home win.
John Martin::Big game by O'Neal off the bench to a startubg role. Warriors needed it with Iggy out too.  But they need everyone healthy and playing to go deep in the playoffs.
Chad Wiggins::wow another halftime double figure lead blown right down the drain. SMH warriors
Adam Johnson::since when is a 57-49 halftime lead considered "double digits"… nice math bud
Eric Pawlowski::LOL.. GS what a joke.. had a nice run.. oh well..
Darryl McMillon::Joke is on you pal...
Eric Pawlowski::Darryl McMillon your a fag
Darryl McMillon::Can't take the heat then stay out of comments potna
Chris Booth::Is Anthony Davis injured?
Taylor Ford::No, he just doesn't get the ball!
Darryl McMillon::Hahahaha!
Chris Mijares::Warrior fans... anyone who opposes Bogut's suspension is a total rube.  If anything, it's a mystery why Bogut didn't get ejected Saturday.  The suspension is more than just.  Get over it, and get over the fact your team doesn't have what it takes to compete with Rip City.  My condolences.  Signed, a Blazers fan.
Ryan Zamora::you've been ranting about this bogut thing on everything and anything about the warriors. bogut tried to move away from freeland and freeland held on to his arm. bogut pulled again and by the time bogut decided to push it was an elbow to the throat. add that to the fact that mowill just walks up to him and bodies bogut out of nowhere. i'll agree though that bogut should have been ejected, but maybe freeland should have if bogut did. i hope you realized that having draymond ejected left no back up for Harrison Barnes that night.  and about not being able to compete with rip city, congrats on beating a team without it's starting small forward, 2nd string point guard and all 3 of it's back up centers all out due to injury (that explains why aldridge was able to pull so many rebounds and there was a block party going on). warriors were up and all of a sudden in the 4th quarter the blazers already gets 13 free throws before golden state even gets one, 9 minutes into the quarter. klay was fouled out, that his fault, but don't act like the blazers weren't getting more calls than the warriors at the end of the night.
Chris Mijares::Ryan Zamora Where do I start?  As far as the fracas was concerned, you can twist it any way you choose.  Fact remains that it happened.  I'll add, I was surprised Aldridge wasn't ejected.  But to imply Bogut was somehow less involved as a co-instigator is just childish.    As far as your team is concerned, I have to admit I like and respect your Warriors.  But again, don't make up petty excuses for their failure on Saturday.  Mathews had 23 points, and was well on his way to having a monster game, before getting the boot, and Williams was a factor as well, though not as much.  Regardless, Portland worked their way out of the hole, short 2 players, with a lot more heart and ferocity.  Your team got schooled.  Either way, I'm looking forward to the next match between these 2 teams.  It should make for a great game, regardless of outcome.  It's been too long a time, but the West is finally something other than the Lakers or Spurs.  I think we can agree on that much!
Ryan Zamora::Chris Mijares Most defintely. I love portland's game, I think Aldridge is coming along well (hope he doesn't miss games again) and Matthews has come along way too. They were my dark horse for a playoff team along with the Timberwolves, but I did not expect for them to jump out this far.
Clive A Foster::Hire who? S Van Gundy you have to be joking, that fool who never even played the game had no business coaching in the NBA in the first place and the more  you listen to this brick head the more you wonder what business does he even have in basketball.
Steve Broome::He went to the finals. If you're stupid enough to think SVG doesn't understand basketball you should have your access to ESPN revoked.
Clive A Foster::you can tell a baboon, they draw for mindless insults every time, get lost, I refuse to lower myself indulging in any kind of conversation with you.
Ryan Zamora::get ready to see small ball tonight folks. curry klay green barnes lee most likely. bench will be even thinner with nedovic bazemore speights and dedmon.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::lol i hedge with pelicans +1.5 and got warriors ML.. lol cant believe i won that 1.. thanks pelicans for not fouling
Jason Vu::If the Pelicans don't win around 25 games by January, I can see Anderson being traded to the Rockets for Omer Asik.
Geoff Starling::D. Green probably already knows what the final score will be, he owns the world and S. Curry just lives in it.
Samit Jain::warriors are garbage lol... 2 points in 5 min... whats the record for lowest score in a quarter ?
Sharoz Lanot::ANTHONY DAVIS IS NOT PLAYING DUE TO INJURY LAST NIGHT AGAINST THE SPURS!!!!!!!!!!!
Billy Kim::is he really not playing?
Darryl McMillon::I love it when haters call the win for their team - then they lose! HAHAHAHA!
Matt Elmore::Give the ball to Harrison Barnes…just give him the ball, seriously.
Bobby Williams::short bench no iggy no bogut with davis the unibrow he should have a banner night
Eric Pawlowski::What is going on with GS. lets gooo -6 for teh game
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::they wont cover that. they dnt care bout road games
Eric Pawlowski::Yeah you are right they don't care to win..
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::Eric Pawlowski no energy.. why u think the line is PK? lolz vegas hardly wrong setting lines
Samit Jain::warriors back to a losing season..
Kim Cogdill::I like the warriors to win...Why only minus 3
Bobby Williams::if Curry plays then I can see the 3
