spurscowboys1312::GO SPURS GO!!!
Raidersyeahthatsright::And thus ends the Fakers hopes.
Louie7614::**
pistonfanstill::Forget statistics Tim Duncan is having a MVP year.  No one had the Spurs in this place but no one should be surprized.  Duncan's has conserved his energy and picked his spots.
WeAreTheMIB::Lakers suck.  Spurs = 2012 NBA Champions  Neal with it!
AwesomeSwagmonsterbeast15::In NBA 2k12 maybe.
AwesomeSwagmonsterbeast15::"What the fu<b></b>ck kind of name is World B. Free?" - Metta World Peace
WillGonzo::Good one. I doubt most people commenting on this board know who World B. Free is. Well played my friend.
daboafadem::Fun facts about the Spurs current active roster.  Season high scoring figures:  Anderson (12).  Blair (28).  Bonner (20).  Diaw (27).  Duncan (28).  Ginobili (24).  Green (24).  Jackson (34).  Leonard (24).  Mills (20).  Neal (21).  Parker (42).  Splitter (25).    So with the exception of Anderson, every player on the Spurs active 13 man roster has scored a season high of 20 or more.  I don't think any other NBA roster can claim anything remotely similar.  It just shows how unselfish the Spurs are, they ride the hot hand no matter if it is the 1st scoring option or the 5th, and when scoring dries up, Pop can look at his bench and find a plethora of players who at some point in the year got it done.
pistonfanstill::The Spurs are the class act of the NBA.
Peaceful DJ Sammyman::I wish my spurs lost. I don't want to be a no1 seed choker again :(  I'm a Spurs fan. Peace be with you.
Shawn1807::Spurs fan no idiot yes. Go diddle your sister some more.
genesis1twelve::You are not a Spurs Fan. YOU LOSE!  GOOD DAY SIR!
Raidersyeahthatsright::Sure, we all believe it. Troll.
Qupid::Don't worry I can't see it happening again.
Prometheus Guns::Aaaaaaahahahahahaha!!!! TAKE THAT FAKERS!!!! GO SPURS GO!!! DRIVE FOR FIVE!!!!!
Bexindy55::Although the Lakers have 2 solid bigs, a major deficiency they have is not having skilled enough players to knock down long jumpers and 3s.  When these Laker bigs get doubled, the task relies on their ability to kick it out quickly and find the open man.  Bynum lacks experience in getting a fast kick-out coupled with Lake show's wing players can't knock down big shots aside from Kobe.  Artest and Barnes are really streaky and Blake is simply too slow in athleticism.  Lakers need to get more solid wing shooters.
ImOldschool1964::i was especially impressed with Andy's sideline temper tantrum.
SammyIsForever::Yeah, one of the Lakers' biggest weaknesses is that Bynum is an offensive black hole. He simply has no ability to pass the ball out of the post.
daboafadem::He did make that one nice pass to Barnes for a 3.  Other than that, pretty much true.
Bexindy55::Adande couldn't be more wrong in calling the Spurs a gimmicky "speedball" team.  They have highly skilled players with some of the best court vision in the league.  They read defenses well, attack quickly with speed in transition when they see the defense on their heels, run the half-court flawlessly with with high pick and rolls with both Parker and Ginobili...  Although their size is a problem against the likes of Bynum and Gasol, they've been playing solid defense that swarms and is quick on the help.  Not to mention that Duncan is in vastly underrated and getting blocked shots.  "Speedball" team my a**.
daboafadem::Spurs defense right is the best in the league at disrupting passing lanes.  Clean passes become sloppy which lowers FG%.  Sloppy passes become stolen which leads to fast break points.
daboafadem::Yeah, those old Showtime Lakers were real gimmicky too.
SammyIsForever::FUN FACT: DeJuan Blair (six-foot-seven), who played seven minutes, outrebounded Andrew Bynum (seven-foot), who played 30 minutes.
ImOldschool1964::FUN FACT:  Lakers are a HUGE joke.
daboafadem::Blair also tied him in blocked shots.
daboafadem::Spurs 17-3 in their last 20 road games.  That is just off the hook.
eddietheaggie2010::That is pretty damn impressive, especially considering at the beginning of the season they couldn't buy a road win.
Prometheus Guns::you know it!!! :)
SammyIsForever::"The Spurs can't hang with the Lakers, OKC, or Memphis. They just don't have the size."    San Antonio's combined record against the Lakers, OKC, and Memphis this season: 8 wins, 2 losses    Average margin of victory against those three teams: 14.1 points
ImOldschool1964::You speak truth, Kimosabee
brad3788::they have already beat the h e l l out of all of those teams
Bexindy55::Great game Spurs.  If they keep up this kind of game in the playoffs they are destined to go a long way.  I think ESPN's bias in not even mentioning how dangerous they look is quite clear.  Nonetheless, the Spurs and their fans are content flying under the radar.  The only thing that worries me is that the NBA and the media are craving to see the large market teams in the later stages of the playoffs so I hope the games are officiated fairly.  The farther the Spurs go...lost revenue.  It is really a shame.  At one point the league is going to end up like European football where the teams with less resources simply can't compete with the lucrative powerhouses.
J-SMOOVE2075::Mavs were dumb to cut Odom.
Tig3rviet::They are going to package deal Odom in the off-season. It was smart to keep his rights.
xmanfolife::They didn't cut him.....they should've though.  He's just at home collecting paychecks from Cuban...
J-SMOOVE2075::According to Stephen A Smith, Dwight Howard is going to demand a trade from Orlando this summer.  Can anybody say Bynum?
Raidersyeahthatsright::No.
xmanfolife::Don't want Howard now.....he's seems a worse drama queen than Kobe....unless Bynum does something monumentally stupid between now &amp; the end of the playoff's.  Based on how this season's going.....anything can happen i guess.
daboafadem::The only way the Spurs get Howard is by gutting their roster.  It just isn't worth it.
NOVABuffalo::It's been rumored Howard desires to go to San Antonio.
NOVABuffalo::If you look at the younger Spurs players and assume they continue to get better, Spurs would be a good fit.  Above points regarding his maturity (allowing to be coached for example) are valid.  Parker could go 4-6 more years and Howard needs someone to get him the ball consistently.  It's a long shot, but who knows.
AllSaintsRow2.0::Howard seems like he is a baby. Dont think he would work too well under Pop unless he matures greatly. Hes the best center in the NBA right now, and it would be pretty nice having him, again, if he matures.
daboafadem::Spurs would not seriously consider going after Howard.
xmanfolife::Duncan &amp; Manu r too old &amp; can't even get through a 66 game schedule let alone an 82 game season.....Pop is a genius for resting those guys.
NOVABuffalo::I think that's the issue ---- it would likely be some of the Spurs younger talent (2 for 1).  Spurs usually don't desire that.  I think Duncan, Manu and Parker are off the table.
J-SMOOVE2075::for?
AceVenturaMavsCoach::I thought he could opt out whenever?
xmanfolife::I don't think he has it all upstairs....
xmanfolife::Probably a rock....
J-SMOOVE2075::where were you the last 2 months?
AllSaintsRow2.0::He opted in for next season. Wonder if he regrets that now?
accountnumber40::kupchak will make something happen
AceVenturaMavsCoach::Brittany Griner &gt; Gasoft and Crynum
polobaby37::outscored 54/30 in the paint.........outrebounded 42/29 on the boards with your "2" OVERRATED 7ftrs!lol!!!.........bynum/gasoft="FOOL'S GOLD".......(maybe why KOBE is smarter than ALL of his critics-------he "knows" they CAN'T bring it every night........"mentally"-weak BIGS........PERIOD!
AllSaintsRow2.0::But didnt you hear, Lakers have the two best big men eva!!!!  If they are the best how do you get out rebounded? Dont understand Laker fan logic.
xmanfolife::Hey, it happens...a couple of games ago they did the same to San Antonio....it's b-ball..u win some &amp; u lose some...not gonna lose any sleep over it, the game goes on.
AllSaintsRow2.0::May want to tone that back seeing as how your "best big man tandem" just got handled.
xmanfolife::Somebody name 2 better bigs tandem than Bynum &amp; Gasol?  Still waiting...
AllSaintsRow2.0::exactly. dont tell them that though, haha.
accountnumber40::no the lakers don't
AceVenturaMavsCoach::"Phew good thing I didn't shoot as much last night, we probably would have lost by 30 somethin"  Kobe
daboafadem::In any event, it looks like seeds 3,4,5, are pretty much locked up in the West.  Lakers only need to go 1-1 to win the division and lock up the #3 seed with Sacramento on the schedule. Clippers would need to go 3-0 with road games @ Hawks and @ Knicks to win division while Lakers go 0-2.  No way does that happen. Memphis can only tie either team best case but both LA teams hold the tiebreaker over Grizz.  Grizz went 1-2 against each.  Spurs need to keep their foot on the gas and grab #1.  The bottom seeds are going to be such a scrum at the end of it all.  5 teams over .500 W-L vying for 3 spots.  Should be fun to watch!
daboafadem::Well, if it's SA vs PHX in the 1st round, that one ain't going beyond 5 games.  Spurs will crush that team.
xmanfolife::Whoever gets the one seed is gonna get put out quick....nobody's a lock right now to get the hardware.  Every team n the post season is almost even Steven...which should make for some good b-ball action.
NOVABuffalo::and Spurs last year.  You weren't talking titles, but advancing.  Spurs won 2 of their titles from the 3 slot.
xmanfolife::Ask Orlando, Cleveland, Laker's, Dallas, Phoenix &amp; Miami about one seeds....those guys got different stories to tell on that one seeds n recent yrs.  One seeds r not a lock on anything...last couple of titles were won by anybody but the one seed.
NOVABuffalo::1 seeds winning percentage is 94%
Legionofdoom63::2 rebounds for Bynum is a joke.
daboafadem::After Bynum had that blow-up on the sideline, Mike Brown kept him on the bench a long time.  I wondered if Brown was worried Bynum might do another Beasley/Barea tantrum and get suspended.  It seemed like a loooooooooooong time to cool him off.
xmanfolife::But you'd still take the best center n the league on your squad....don't b.s.  I'd still take Lebron on my squad...
Jevers10::"learn some basketball"  That's funny. Look, just because Bynum plays for LA doesn't make him the best center in basketball. This is the first season he has been anything close to relevant. He's big and strong, great. So are lots of guys.
xmanfolife::What can I say? I bleed purple &amp; gold....win or lose it's still the same color.
AllSaintsRow2.0::Again, homer is as homer does.
xmanfolife::Well he's voted n by the majority....nothing wrong w/ Howard being 2nd best..that's cool too.
AllSaintsRow2.0::What about Howard?   Lakers fans remind me of 90s era Cowboys fans. They think every one of their guys is one of the best at their position.   Bynum is a scrub. Hes finally having a good year and all of a sudden hes the best center in the NBA...homer is as homer does.
xmanfolife::Touche' brother, touche'....u make as much sense as Palin....Chandler over Bynum..lmao...learn some basketball.
AllSaintsRow2.0::Youre right, maybe you shouldnt take it before you comment on something you dont know anything about.
xmanfolife::Crack kills....
AllSaintsRow2.0::When did the Lakers pick up Chandler? Hes clearly the best center right now.
Tig3rviet::Kobe's back, he doesn't play well with Kobe. Bynum was angry for a reason!
ImOldschool1964::Laker fan logic:  When we (Lakers) win, it was a statement game....when we (Lakers) lose, the regular season means nothing.  BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
polobaby37::EVERY------fan's logic son!(NOT JUST LAKER FANS)
AceVenturaMavsCoach::Very true. Laker fans are as ignorant as they come
xmanfolife::So's your name.....let go of the hate &amp; talk b-ball...
Tig3rviet::huh? Please re-read what you said before you talk about "logical arguments."  "I shows in your logical arguments"
Thulium22::Wow, you guys know so much about basketball.  I shows in your logical arguments that not only use historical statistics, but reason...
ImOldschool1964::Bynum was screaming like a little girl!
xmanfolife::Loss is a loss....get over it.
Tig3rviet::Kobe Sucks! Bynum was yelling at him, "THIS IS MY TEAM" and slapped the bench!
Tig3rviet::LOLOLOLOL!
xxxhawk::ESPN took lakers loss to spurs story off their front page.  lols If Lakers won their would be multiple stories on kobe.
xmanfolife::Kobe's got 16yrs n the game he knows how to win when it counts......n the post season..jewelry don't lie.
ImOldschool1964::brings a whole new meaning to the nickname, "Air Kobe".  BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Spurs1234567891011::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWgfx-bXsg4 u sure he knows how to win?
Bexindy55::Yawn.
xmanfolife::Nothing wrong w/ that they've both go thatt old school game about them at this stage of their careers......
AllSaintsRow2.0::Not really reaching. MVPs and things like that are pretty exceptional. I am just stating that Duncan can go toe to toe with Kobe when it comes to achievements.   Both Players are pretty similar when it comes to careers.
xmanfolife::You're reaching brother.....were're talking about hardware that counts.....titles brother!
AllSaintsRow2.0::You said hardware.  Kobe has 5 rings, 2 finals MVPs, 1 regular season MVP = 8 Duncan has 4 rings, 3 finals MVPs, 2 regular season MVPs, rookie of the year = 10  Hardware is hardware.
xmanfolife::Get back at me when u can count....
AllSaintsRow2.0::waiting on what?
xmanfolife::Still waiting.....
AllSaintsRow2.0::Duncan has 4 rings, two more finals MVP and one more regular season MVP.
xmanfolife::5 rings don't lie....who's currently playing that's gonna top Kobe's heart &amp; hardware?  Didn't think so...
xxxhawk::kobe out = Lakers do great  kobe back = lakers humiliated despite the best 2 big men in the NBA.
Tig3rviet::KOBRICK is BACK for the playoffs! LOL
Thulium22::I wouldnt say the two best big men...arguable the best combo, tho
polobaby37::they are the MOST hyped----NOT the best........they DON'T defend consistently OR run the floor on defense.........they ONLY want to shoot------S-O-F-T!!!!........lakers= KOBE or bust.............I'M a hawks supporter---but KOBE is my M-V-P!!!(DURANT,LBJ,CP3)
AllSaintsRow2.0::That wasnt what was said. The best combo in NBA history was what was brought up.
xmanfolife::Name a 2 big man combo that''s currently playing that r better than Bynum &amp; Gasol?  Didn't think so...
AllSaintsRow2.0::@xxxhawk Either sarcasm or its your first year watching basketball.
xxxhawk::Maybe the best big men combo in NBA history.
Spurs1234567891011::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWgfx-bXsg4
Tig3rviet::The Lakers excuse of having "NO BENCH" is invalid now. When Kobe was out, EVERYONE started producing again, because the black hole was INJURED! Lakers will lose in the 1st round and will be left to re-think Kobe's greatness! LOL
xmanfolife::Laker's bench is rather weak..except for Barnes.
xmanfolife::These r the Laker's not the Nuggets...
xmanfolife::They did but it's pretty obvious they won't win a title without him this season or the next...
xxxhawk::Hmmmmm... Lakers sure seemed to play well with kobe out.
xxxhawk::kobe has the best big men in the NBA. Two allstar, future HOFers at 7'1" &amp; kobe can't win??  What if kobe has instead of 2 allstar big men,  6'8" Joel anthony, the 37th rated center in the NBA? Just like when he ran off Shaq, kobe wouldn't even be able to make the playoffs.
Thulium22::Wait, five titles and 2 finals mvp's is a bad thing?
xmanfolife::Spell check is malfunctoning...lol
etomai::that was an unfortunate misspelling.
xmanfolife::That's what duffis implied.....
Tig3rviet::It's always been obvious. Kobe has had the best big's in the NBA for quite a while, he CAN"T win with them. This guy has 5 titles but only 2 Finals MVP's. LOL What a joke, but Kobe d-riders act like he has 5 Finals MVP's for all 5 titles. If LeBron had that Lakers roster, he would have 3-peated already. LeBron actually makes his teammates better, kobe is #1 in making his teammates worse!
xmanfolife::Uh...Tiger...what type of pipe r u sucking....5 rings &amp; only 1 finals MVP...u consider that a failure...you're banned for attempting to talk b-ball on these boards.....when you've actually picked up a basketball..then get back to us real b-ball fans.
Shawn1807::He's a good guard for sure but he also shoots ALOT of shots more than anyone else in the NBA and he has 2 of the best bigs. SHARE THE BALL DUDE It's not all about you bro.
nbaplayoffs2O12::LOL
Learn From This::Lakers are such a joke
xmanfolife::Stay off the pipe.....it rotts the brain cells.
Shawn1807::Duncan never missed the playoffs.When Shaq left the Lakers after taking them to the Finals Kobe takes over &amp; can't even get his team to the playoffs. Put Shaq, Duncan, Jordan, etc, etc in their prime on any team and that team makes the playoffs. Kobe is OVERRATTED. Great Guard ..........fine All time great NO WAY
xmanfolife::it's suppose to b a team game.....Duncan's never won a title on his own &amp; neither has Kobe...the best team wins period...so what's your point?
AllSaintsRow2.0::trollolololol face.
daboafadem::What is that supposed to be a picture of?  Pumpkinhead?
daboafadem::The Spurs are so old and boring and washed up.  They are so old and washed up, they just played 4 games in 5 nights winning all 4 by an average margin of 23 points.  They are so boring, they won six games in a row scoring at a pace over 115 PPG.  Yup.  Old.  Boring.  Washed up.  Boring like this:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpIgF-8BECk
ImOldschool1964::the Spurs are so damn boring because they blow their opponents out by 20 points or more every game...
nba is the worst::Titles are so boring!
daboafadem::Steve Young would have been proud to make that pass.
AllSaintsRow2.0::Man that pass was insane!
OOHnirav::I understand still thinking your team is the best, but how are you going to talk smack less than 24 hours after your team loses like that? Some Lakers fans are out of their minds.
Tig3rviet::AHHAHAHAAHHAHA
xxxhawk::Same delusional fans that keep saying kobe is the best.......42%fgs &amp; 28%3pters.   lols
NOOB The Demolisher::its called delusional homerism.
26moo2012::kobe will get another ring before lebron
Tig3rviet::AHAHHAHHHAHAHA. Kobe is done with rings, Only 2 Finals MVP's. HAHAHAHHA. Kobe is a good Robin. At least Duncan has 3 Finals MVP's. No Riding other talents to titles!
Thulium22::Ha, dude you are high.  Duncan has had a lot of talent around him. Granted he is one of the best PF in history...youre just a hater
nbaplayoffs2O12::BUT DELONE WEST WILL GET A WIFE BEFORE KOBE .....LEBRON'S MOM
xxxhawk::hahahahahahaha Not a chance
AllSaintsRow2.0::Cant stand Lebron. But I would have rather seen him win a ring instead of those damn dirty mavericks.
AllSaintsRow2.0::How does that make me a bandwagoner?
OOHnirav::A bandwagoner through and through.
Tig3rviet::Kobe is back and the Lakers are back to being SCRUBS!. What's new? I'm waiting for Kobe to cry when they get eliminated from the playoffs early! HAHAHA
Tig3rviet::I'm not denying that, he's a WELL paid SCRUB. #1 VOLUME shooter in LEAGUE history. Definitely top 5 in history in Field Goals Missed. Keep making history Kobe, go for that #1 mark!
grapenutz78::hes collecting 23 mill for 5 months of work. he'll be good
lbj6GOAT::Lakers are a joke. They will get swept by the Grizzlies 1st round
.SouthCentral.LosAngeles.::daammm all these envy towards the LAKERS, hating on greatness cuz of your sorry azs teams failures
grapenutz78::did you watch last nights game???? you suck
xmanfolife::Still goes down as one loss.....let it go, can't win them all...
Thulium22::Its cool.  Lakers got beat last night and they are the #3 team in the west at best right now.  Every team has their down years.  Luckily for LA, our typical down years are making the playoffs as a 3-5 seed.
OOHnirav::Lakers are still considered contenders by most people. This isn't a down year. The years between Shaq and Pau were.
AllSaintsRow2.0::Same can be said for the Spurs. Last time the Spurs missed the playoffs was when Robinson went down in 96.
Codeine Syrup on Vanilla Ice Cream::The main thing I take away from this game is this is the coaching hierarchy between Lakers and Spurs:  Pop &gt; Kobe &gt; Brown
dakgnosis::either, they both will end in a sweep
Spurs1234567891011::Suns by a longshot...
Spurs1234567891011::It was a complete blow out. How many highlights did the Lakers get in the video? 2. How many highlights did the Spurs get in the video? 3. ESPN shows no respect.
Da Gunslinger::Its just whoever has a bigger market....LA could be out of the playoffs and still get more highlights than San Antonio.....thats why there is more Laker "fans" out there in random $@% places! They get more publicity than others
26moo2012::the difference is that the spurs have classy guys like tim duncan parker and manu and the lakers have kobe and World peace also barnes is on reality tv so more stories for them
AllSaintsRow2.0::Which is odd, cause Parker and Manu are pretty fun to watch.
26moo2012::yea its funny how you hear about the lakers even when they are doing bad and not the spurs and they win a bunch of games every year.
OOHnirav::As far as most casual fans go, the Lakers are more fun to watch and are more popular. You can't blame ESPN for catering to its audience.
Spurs1234567891011::That's sad but so true :(. I don't know about more fun to watch this year, though. They're actually kind of painful to watch this year.
Da Gunslinger::Going back to the topic at hand......Good! Spurs put the Lakers back in their place,and thats in the backseat in the child car seat along with child proof window locks!  Revenge is a dish,best served cold....and we refroze it again just to serve yall again!
Da Gunslinger::The truth can be your best friend....it can also be your worst enemy
Mazyck2003::Critics the lot of you, are like eunuchs at a gang bang party....
.SouthCentral.LosAngeles.::LOS ANGELES LAKERS=NBA rest of teams=????
OOHnirav::You just outed yourself as someone who started watching the game in the last 5 years. Go back to school, man, cause you have lots to learn.
Tig3rviet::LOS ANGELES LAKERS=FEMALES OF THE NBA rest of teams=NBA
dakgnosis::I don't care about positioning or injury risks, I want the spurs to win those next 4 games!!   We will be all alone in our record of consecutive 50 win seasons!!
dakgnosis::lets see.... they play the cavs, trailblazers, suns, and warriors.  It's doable
OOHnirav::Hmm.. I'm just going off the game I saw them play against Dallas. They lost, but they're not tanking, and they're not an awful team.
nba is the worst::Blazers 3-7 L10
dakgnosis::the suns are gonna give them the hardest game. I just hope they lock a playoff seed before playing the spurs
OOHnirav::Trailblazer and Suns are playing pretty hard right now. Still doable, but they won't make it easy.
26moo2012::they will also be at home all alone if they don't win in the playoffs OKC baby!!
Chocolate Thunder.::You should care about the risk of injury.
AllSaintsRow2.0::Every team should care about the risk of injury...
Chocolate Thunder.::See last year.
AllSaintsRow2.0::Ya that would be great! I hope they can pull that off. Every since Pop took over the Spurs have quietly put themselves into position as one of the top 3-4 teams in NBA history.
leonsearcy::agreed---pop has run this show as good as anyone anywhere anytime
Codeine Syrup on Vanilla Ice Cream::Hey Laker fans, maybe when Timmy retires, maybe yall can pay Pop 15mil a year and maybe have a shot a another championship or two
daboafadem::I think that when Timmy retires Pop is done.  He has nothing left to prove.
dolfan2949::LOL Pop wouldn't be caught dead coaching in that armpit of a city.....
dakgnosis::they can trade artest for Rose, and pau for Howard. thats how they roll
Thulium22::Naw, we're fine with what we have.  Good try, tho
OOHnirav::Griffin gets bailed out a lot, but not as much as LeBron and Kobe.
dolfan2949::Funny how when the Flaker fans can't use their on the court performance to support their hype; they revert to history for their bravado....   LOL
NOOB The Demolisher::then they get mad and tell spurs and celtics fans to stop living in the past
nba is the worst::Considering the rule changes, and number of playoff series needed to win titles, it makes perfect sense to do so.  (2 Celtics titles won with just two 7-gm series over teams with losing records; 1956 and 1960)
Chocolate Thunder.::They have to talk about NBA History in selective 'windows' of time.
NOOB The Demolisher::SPEAKING OF TAPPING OUT  JON JONES v. RASHAD EVANS tonight wooo! i dont even know who is on the undercard
Shawn1807::Lakers tapped out again
Chocolate Thunder.::http://www.wheatandtares.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/give-up-cat.jpg
Tig3rviet::LeBron James for MVP!
Tig3rviet::Not quite!
nba is the worst::Tony Parker &gt; lebr0n
OOHnirav::I wish most casual fans realized what you guys do.
leonsearcy::and he's better now than ever
Thulium22::Only haters would write off Parker.  The guy is amazing and boned one of the hottest chicks in the world for three years...he has my respect
Tig3rviet::3 NBA Championships and 1 Finals MVP. Those who think such are not CREDIBLE!
Tig3rviet::How is Tony Parker underrated. Only fools who don't know basketball would have him as underrated!
OOHnirav::Might go down as the most underrated point guard of all time at this rate.
