Steven Anacker::These are the type of games the Howard haters tend to shy away from. They're a very selective group
Al Sotowitz::He's still not a superstar. He can be for a few minutes at a time, but the guy just doesn't posses the necessary personality to carry a team to a title. He will disappoint more than he will impress for the remainder of his career.
Steven Anacker::Al Sotowitz We don't need one guy to carry us anywhere. We need a team that can walk to the title on their own two feet.
James Garcia::Steven Anacker, this is all the Howard haters have. "He'll never win you a title." As if LeBron, Kobe, Duncan, Jordan, Dream, etc ever did it alone. And yes, Dwight Howard is a superstar, even when injured. He's the best center in todays game, and he took a team to the finals as the best player on it. If every GM in the league had a chance to acquire him this past off season, they would have tried. He's a superstar, and the haters hate that fact.
Taylor Manes::I hope we lose...keep the tank alive!!!! Lol ....jk jk jk
Chris Nguyen::this is the first time i've watched the bulls all season, and i think they have the talent, even without rose. i'm pretty sure it's the coaching that needs the upgrade...  and trust me, some rockets fans aren't too fond of our coaching either (myself included)
Matt Semperboni::Seriously, the Bulls should just tank....if Rose returns to form, they'll have a top rookie to team up with him, and if Rose's career ends up flaming out, they'll have a potential new franchise player to build around.
Taylor Manes::Look at Chris Anderson and hardens beard The black Santa clause and the punk rock Santa clause...
Duy Doan::hahaha this should be interesting, one of the most challenged offensive teams vs one of the best offensive teams
Jazmine Ortiz::here comes chicago with their moral victory
Jim David::Those Rockets are terrible. Bulls win 108-103.
Trevor Hennington::108 points from the Bulls?  Thats... optimistic.
Laura Pierce::Trevor, not really...its not like the rockets have a D, Bulls have a great D and will win the game..rockets have the nbas new crybaby in howard, the tool that can't make a simple free throw
Michael Repko::not even close, they cant make layups or stop the paint points
Jordan Luongo::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XV84e6QOPM&feature=youtu.be
James Garcia::JVG loves the Rockets, obviously, but is it because he coached the team before and developed a love for the city and/or organization? Or is it because they are pretty good? I like McHale, I really do, but I keep wondering how much better this team would be if they had a better coach.   Also, respect to all the Bulls fans here after the loss. I almost feel bad for my "back before D Rose" jokes.
Peter Peterr::Rockets coaching staff needs an upgrade.  Mchale has to make sure his players are prepared for every team/game not just for the contenders.
Michael Repko::well just chalk up another loss........surprisingly broke 90 points........all players gotta play more. starting lineup should be Deng, Dunleavy, Boozer, Noah and Augustin. Give some more minutes to Snell and Mohammed. its embarrassing the bulls get all this national tv.........now probably a blowout in OKC tomorrow
Michael Repko::bulls tank another quarter.......were down 68-65 and then get blown out 15-1 at the end. Turnover after turnover after missing easy shots...........Thibs will be out of a job soon........he's not managing the lineup well...not playing Snell or Mohammed, playing Boozer too much......not even the D is playing good
Adam Kralic::I agree with the tank-athon. You want to rebuild fast? Tank while your star is injured. Get Mirotic next year. Pray that the bobcats get the #11 pick (which would finally make it ours...and have a top 10 pick of your own. 3 hopefully impactful players...and Derrick Rose for 2014.
Igor Katinic::and trade deng for a young player (waiters). deng doesnt deserve to be traded, but its the best for the team
Robert Janousek::We are not going to keep Deng.  The Bulls can't afford to pay the 14 million a year he wants. Might as well trade him and get something for him.
Michael Repko::Thibs still not running practice..........point blank shots and layups missed badly.........16 points on 6-21 shooting in the 1st quarter again!
Brennan Cooper::They actually practiced layups. There's just no space because they have like one player who can make a jumper. I don't see how Thibs is at fault.
Paul Steeno::the bulls didnt play that awful tonight like during some of the previous games. they just didnt have the offensive firepower to keep up with the Rockets. Bulls Will Rise Again.
Sammy Bissett::I think the Rockets win fairly close...but I'm interested in the Howard vs. Noah match up. Noah will cause him some problems and I imagine tensions may flare up a time or two from both guys. Rox 111-100
Steven Anacker::No way to predict Rockets games right now. They can be unstoppable or horrible on any given night. Hopefully, the consistency will come with a little more time together.
Michael Repko::Interior D is WEAK.....outside D is WEAK...........too many turnovers..........spells BAD NEWS
John Taylor::miami vs pacers then rockets vs bulls?  woah espn broadcasting the good stuff tonight.  and i heard nbatv has that fan night to vote for a game each tuesday.
Tyler Cobb::Good start by the Bulls. Slow starts are what have killed this team. If we can keep it close, within 5-8 going into the 4th, I like our chances. #SeeRed
Michael Repko::how is 16 points on 6-21 shooting a good start??
Tyler Cobb::Michael Repko I posted that when we started the game out 4 of 7 shooting..hence; 20 minutes ago. and considering how bad we are shooting (which we will continue to do until this joke a FO decides to go after a scorer) how we are down 6 right now is beyond me.
Tyler Cobb::Michael Repko 8 og 23 shooting and now down 4..I'll take this start for now.
Michael Repko::Boozer should just put on a dress.........he plays like a friggin female......how many layups is he gonna miss???
Tim Gourley::If Boozer wears dresses, what does Rose do, LACTATE?!!?!?!
Michael Repko::what a sh** 2nd quarter, get outscored by 3..........Noah misses both free throws only to let up a 3 at the other end! Pathetic!!
Paul Steeno::Not a terrible first half. need to buckle down defensively and score in bunches if we want to win this game. GO BULLS
Jamison Hoover::No Boozer here in the 4th and he was your leading scorer the whole game till a second ago... makes sense thibs
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::actually bulls making a run without him
Jamison Hoover::its 13-13 this quarter. not much of a run
Michael Repko::Boozer cant play D
Valley Streets::We losing now but  we'll be back on top  ..the NBA suck with out the BULLS  bein winner ..fix this  Sh :-(_!t
