YoungKeeks30::Allen Iverson and his latest legal issues http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/we-talkin-bout-practice.html Check out what's going on in the wide world of sports http://www.the-outfielder.com
Jeff7429::This was the Wiz 'big chance' to sneak a win vs. the Craptors missing their star player.    Vs. the Clips they will pay the price for letting the opportunity go by...$$$$  ....LOVE revenge $$$.
scottiepippenicecream::IS THIS GAME EVEN RELEVANT?
zachrlee::John Wall's star is fading fast. He's turning out to be another TJ Ford, a midget who can flat out run but can't shoot well from the outside and is too selfish to pass the ball. They both just can't get their teams to win. A shoot-first point guard will always be a liability.
NoChorus12::Well, we're back to .333 after pounding the Wizards. Woo.  I pity John Wall. He's Washington's only good player (and arguably, their only <i>decent</i> player).
Jeff7429::he's avg. 5 TO a game....you don't understand the game very well.  A MINUS player...despite the scoring.
chukaz123::DeRozan's gotta get his act together. Every time i look at his shooting numbers they look like 4-12. EVERY F*CKING TIME! The Lakers should trade for him and let him learn a thing or two from Kobe
tarumpaw::nick young is in my fantasy team, and his boxscore is usually, 20-0-0-0-0 on 5/22 shooting.
vtrob27::if the wizards we're in the ncaa, i'm not sure they'd make the final four.
tarumpaw::lol andre blatche would thrive in the ncaa. the offense is usually one guy holds the ball then clank.
YoungKeeks30::http://www.the-outfielder.com/
jct279::Are the Wizards paying fans to come and see games yet?
StudBrackman::Somehow I bet you the Wizards management will find a way for this all to be Flip Saunders fault.
LASPORTSFAN.............96::61 Rebounds? WTFFFFFFF
Ourtimeisinfinite::im glad we get to play the wiz again in a few days.. easy wins
Watch_it::Wonders what the line will be in tomorrow's Wash game. Damn they are horrible.
tacobell_surprise::anyone  here how long baloni boy will be out
chow so cold::john wall should have stayed in college the guy is not ready for a man's game
mr mellow::John needs to get a jump shot and stop pressing.  The honey moon is over for John get it together and make progress in his weak areas.
chukaz123::wtf are you talking about? he was good last year! He's having a bad year cuz the roster sucks. McGee's playing for a contract, Blatch probably thinks it's time for him to become an all star and will brick as many jumpers as he has to brick to get there. Nick Young might be playing for a contract too (he signed the qualifying offer rite? he's a FA after the season). Jordan Crawford's a black hole (so is nick young btw). For some reason Rashard Lewis is still in the NBA AND (!!!!!!!!!!) he's getting minutes. Put Wall in any other situation and he might be playing like an all star
Jeff7429::quite an apologist for Wall's poor shooting / awful turnover avg.   You act like you 'know' his teammate's motivations too......  'insider' lmao.  Maybe Wall makes his teammates worse...whoah.
rapfan73::klezia for three!!
tacobell_surprise::spelling be champ trollers
rapfan73::calm down !  sheesh it was a quick word and criticizer is relpying so quick  for spelling errors thank you teacher
unclejulio1993::it's kleiza you moron he went to hs in dc area
surfzone365::So is Ernie Grunfeld the next to get the axe in DC?  Getting jacked up by the Raps isn't helping him.
unclejulio1993::i hope wiz played soft because of their game against la tomorrow
hawks14533::Washington's defense..... alll i got to say
Mari-Osman::Free Pizza!
ThiscantbeAwesomebeast222::All in all it's just a, another brick for John Wall.
tacobell_surprise::go raps
unclejulio1993::wiz got mauled at the boards.
tacobell_surprise::this is a good battle of pooh teams
bradonlywins::did your dad tell ya your gay
unclejulio1993::nice spelling
bradonlywins::haha stupid wizards r losers
bradonlywins::haha stupid wizards r losers
rapfan73::There finally going to score a 100 points LOL go raptors!
surfzone365::Ah, the Washington Clipzards...
BiffRenylds::Is JaVale playing in the second half?
unclejulio1993::ryannd9 has two dads
ryannd9::your mom has two dads
gomaryland12345::having some fun guys?
unclejulio1993::bedtime you pre-pubescent idiot
ryannd9::The Raptor in the Raptor's logo looks like he needs to take a dump
Lobster83::what is with you and dumps?
ryannd9::your mom is a dump
garrardn::case and point- wall does a good job to beat his man and gives a pass to a wide open rashard lewis for three....brick
garrardn::he doesn't even try. I don't know why wiz dont go for demarcus cousins...and don't try to give me the "ego" argument...that's ignorant
_See_Me::lewis is now a bum.. needs to retire
_See_Me::what do you call poop that wont flush cuz its too big
Mari-Osman::Don't be mad cause your team sucks more than us.
_See_Me::a raptor!
unclejulio1993::guys need some help i made my name gomaryland12345 but im a puke fan what should i do?
gomaryland12345::Guys need some help. What should i do if my grandma dropped a clogger in the toilet and now its leaking into the tap??
unclejulio1993::grow up
rapfan73::Linaz klezia is playing good basketball
unclejulio1993::nice spelling.
unclejulio1993::is nick young back?
ryannd9::no but my mom is
ryannd9::okay... my dog started to lick it. Now stuff is coming out of every hole in his body. We're fine though.
gomaryland12345::same with my mom, so far not doing so well, its leaking into the faucet that we drink in (should be a nice treat)... hows yours going
ryannd9::She's back in the bathroom (toilet overflowed, had to get some towels)
unclejulio1993::huh?
gomaryland12345::Guys, im sooo mad. So today i was going to the bathroom but i didnt realize there was a surprise in it. When the "plop" happened, some of the surprise spattered on my leg... I CANT STOP LICKING IT!!!
ryannd9::The Raptors announcer sounds like my toilet when it's clogged!
Lobster83::Can anyone else not stand the raptors announcer?
ryannd9::look at my post
_See_Me::every other possession for wizards:  "XXX" missed layup.lol
gomaryland12345::John Wall
gomaryland12345::hi!
ryannd9::what about him?
UK fan 4 ever::tthe wis organization needs to realize nick young and andray blatch is not the answer
_See_Me::lewis shouldnt really be a starter
ryannd9::My Mom: Watcha doin?  Me: watchin Wizards vs. Raptors  Mom: is that some Disney channel show?  Me: Are you KIDDING ME?
gomaryland12345::lol?
Lobster83::hahahaha
Lobster83::Wizards are a terrible organization and this is coming from a Wizards fan. We deserve better.
garrardn::if the refs would stop calling so many touch fouls, wiz are up by 10
_See_Me::i told u wizards will come close.. then craptors will pull away again... wizards will never get the lead this half.. no heart
unclejulio1993::no life
unclejulio1993::what dick?
_See_Me::hey bi!tch how my dick taste
garrardn::over time, being a bunch of talentless floppers who try too hard will come back and nip you in the $@%.  Now, it's up to the Wiz- do they want to win or make sportscenter's top 10?
