Jorkus Fo Realius::plus minus seems off. must be obama.
THESPURSWILLNEVERWINANOTHERCHAMPIONSHIP::LOL @ needing OT to be the $@%!... You Spurms fans have a pathetic team.
Titans_ are_ Oilers::<i>nice name buddy</i>
slam_dunk_on_u::Next few games will prove how much overrated the spurts are....they all look like losses to me @ Rockets .vs Nuggets vs. Clippers vs Heat....this will probably put these mofos in second place for good....they never deserved to be in first place....
AwH22311::Don't bring up the clippers. They beat them in L.A. by 30 last time they played
THESPURSWILLNEVERWINANOTHERCHAMPIONSHIP::They will definitely rack up a few L's
Spurz2013champs::Shut the F up Slam!
slam_dunk_on_u::The Pathetic and horrid spurts WILL LOSE to either the LA Lakers or the Houston Rockets in the playoffs...so pick your poison punks...wether you land in the top spot or second place in the west...your little team is doomed!
detus::Lakers going to get destroyed in the playoffs LOL dont kid yourself, youve been delusional all year long and after that loss to the wizards you should hope your team doesnt get swept!
RespectForTex::LA CANE The Heat arent old like the Spurs, they can take it. Is Pop gonna pull that cs move and rest the old men again? BTW, nobody cares about Pops 900 wins, the streak is way more important. Cya soon Spurs, dont forget to take your geritol. ------ Heat are older $@%!$@%
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::In unrelated news, the Lakers lineup of Nash, Bryant, MWP, Gasol, and Howard that the Laker fans have been warning us about is finally here!  And they aren't going to be stopped by anyone....except maybe the deadly Wizards...   lol
THESPURSWILLNEVERWINANOTHERCHAMPIONSHIP::With a name like that you deserved to be kicked in the face like Wally Sczerbiak
A faixa azul::nba finals  game 1-Spurs 104 Heat 94 game 2-Spurs 114 Heat 101 game 3-Spurs 98 Heat 82 game 4-Spurs 94 Heat 93
THESPURSWILLNEVERWINANOTHERCHAMPIONSHIP::nba finals  game 1-Heat 228493843949 Spurs 4.5  game 2- spurs never show up and forfeit the series  2013 nba champs MIAMI
hwsparks::OK, genius.  Kindergarten just called; you're missing school.
WeAreTheMenInBlack::Congrats to Coach Pop on #900!  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
TexasBoi98::one of the great NBA coaches reaches 900 wins last night, and barely any mention of it, smh.
Rudy_rush20::Thats the only blemish on a very special day all around. Pops 900 win, Timmy passes Shaq, Parker comin back, Kawhi another 20 point game, 30 wins at home!....WOW I lo ve this team.
tfoutz31::its ok jazz barely get any mention to begin with, you'll be fine
tfoutz31::Derrick favors is my hero
June 24th Is STILL Kobe Bryant Day::Tough 5 game stretch coming up for the boys in black.
hwsparks::Check the schedule!  Houston, Denver, Clippers, Miami, and Memphis.
DalvinSplit::What you mean by  Tough 5 games ?
Ohh Kay See::The Heat better watch out, the Spurs are coming with full steam!
Ivanov21::What's up with the +/- stats of this game?! Did everybody lose?!
killeryams1779::Counting down the days till Al is gone....now if only Corbin would go as well.....
Hollerationatory::blackyfrost - heat 23-5 vs western conference spurs 30-12 vs western conference  heat are the #1 team in the east and west, at home and on the road gl rest of the NBA _______________________________  Then that makes the Spurs 23-4 against the East and the Heat 31-9.     Whoops.  And the heat don't/won't/can't know what a TEAM is, regardless of how this ends.
THESPURSWILLNEVERWINANOTHERCHAMPIONSHIP::the spurms suck vs the east how sad
hwsparks::Can you read or comprehend the above mentioned stats...?
DalvinSplit::If Miami Play all those teams more than twice per season they will lose more games
asphaibes::And in case you are wondering that's .775 vs the East for the Heat and .852 vs the East for the Spurs.
CarlyJoni::Jazz need to win all their home games from now on.  Any road win will seal the deal for a playoff spot.  Lakers will only win half their remaining games on their schedule.  Jazz owns the tiebreaker against them.
thedrwolff::9 min of BBALL tonight we scored 4 pts....IN 9 MINUTES.    from 6:30 of the first to 9:30 left in the second.  I said earlier in the day we have got to go to the line when the lid goes on the basket.  That's our achilles heel.  we miss a few shots..it becomes contagious and then we go on 6 min dry spells.    THAT makes me nervous.
thedrwolff::Thank God Duncan saw this and started drawing fouls.   11-13....pre 2013 duncan goes 9-13 and we lose this game
gfugi131::Spurs now healthy won't lose their home court....
blackyfrost::heat 23-5 vs western conference spurs 30-12 vs western conference  heat are the #1 team in the east and west, at home and on the road gl rest of the NBA
Vaquero In The House::La Can - The Heat might not be as old as Tim, Tony &amp; Manu but let's be real, the Heat barely beat the Spurs bench players.  So what does that mean?  Just like your daddy who's older, wiser &amp; still puts a beating on you every chance he gets, the Spurs elders will do the same to your so called streaking Heat.  Bam, taking it to the bank.....stay frosty!!
Hollerationatory::Then that makes the Spurs 23-4 against the East and the Heat 31-9.   Think.
TexasBoi98::^ lawyered
gfugi131::Spurs are the better overall team, Heat have no bench and playing their starters over 35min each will hurt them big time in april. no june for heat
LA CANE::The Heat arent old like the Spurs, they can take it. Is Pop gonna pull that cs move and rest the old men again? BTW, nobody cares about Pops 900 wins, the streak is way more important. Cya soon Spurs, dont forget to take your geritol.
gfugi131::SMH JAZZ, YOU LOST TO THE OLD MEN 3-SOME
blackyfrost::spur's mvp got outplayed by mo williams LAWL
Vaquero In The House::blackfoot - Look at the scoreboard &amp; then asks yourself, "Do Spurs fans really care who out played who?"  "NO!"
Nerissa2525::Lol
BurntOrange5021::After not playing for four weeks.
tfoutz31::Mo didn't play for two months
TimDuncanIsMud_21::Mud Duncan padding his stats yet again despite shooting horribly from the field. Not many blocks today either. What a chump. He will crumble as usual in the playoffs.
Vaquero In The House::Go fk yourself.....
DalvinSplit::Are you talking about Tim Mighty Duncan !!??  The Champion ,The Winner !! The Legend . The best Power forward that touch basketball  !!!  Ever !!
arnoldg9::smells like a troll
Spursfan92120::Clipper fans are funny.
Fans1000::The Spurs only can win in the regular season and it is proven last season.  I expect another early exit by the Spurs in the Playoffs this season.
hwsparks::Hey Fans 1000, are you serious?  Now, we are basing a team's entire playoff history based on what they did last year?  Really lame and misinformed...
Vaquero In The House::The championship round is not an early exit, as the Spurs are expecting to bring the NBA Championship crown back to San Anto.
Darkest_Monkey::Conference championship is an early exit?? Really??
whoseyourdaddy60::and youre team cant win during the playoffs OR the season. clown.
thedrwolff::the lakers can only exit in the first round proven by last season...IF they get into the playoffs that is.  They arent even a regular season team anymore
thedrwolff::Ginobilli has got to start shooting better on a consistent basis.  2 games in a row he's been bricking it and tonight he blew the D assignment that led to overtime.
papercut1980::It actually looked like Green blew it, Ginobili had the rotation on Williams but green also rotated so Ginobili had to scramble to the corner where Green should of been.
Vaquero In The House::Papercut you're right, it was Green's man who was lost in the rotation, Ginobilli just happened to recognize it, but a little too late.
RespectForTex::$@%!, what happens if Portland finds its way into the 8 spot?
thedrwolff::They get hammered by the spurs in 4?  is this a game show?   did I win something?
papercut1980::Portland has beaten us (spurs) more than anyone the last few years. I'd rather play the Lakers, Jazz or Mavs over the Blazers.
arizonasting13::YOU NEVER WIN WHEN LA LOSES.
hwsparks::Who is "YOU?"  If referring to the Spurs, uh, they did win and LA lost.  Great logic!
thedrwolff::I swear the clippers won last night
arizonasting13::god dammit Utah sucks
KatelynFabersLawyer211::Kobe failed in the clutch AGAIN! LMMFAO!!!!
thedrwolff::TWICE in the same game  once to tie with 11 seconds left which forced the lead to 4 he then makes a stat padding 3  to cut the lead to 1  wiz FT to 3 pt lead and KOBE AGAIN misses the game tying shot with 1 second left Final stretch numbers for Kobe.....1-5 and 3-6 from the line...and by the way...trevor Ariza (kobe's guy on D) completely lit the lakers up with 7 3 pointers while Kobe danced around trying to get steals
KatelynFabersLawyer211::FACT! He's GARBAGE on defense!!
Spurts_will_never_make_ESPN_highlights::Lakers just lost..Jazz blew another opportunity..
manoocena::well at least we know Corbin will be out of a job soon.
sfy2004::and your surprised about that because......?  never seen such a horrible choke job. good thing they have a ton of cap space next year and at least one undersized "power" player will be long gone.
Spurts_will_never_make_ESPN_highlights::let me answer that: I'm surprised yes because Lakers at home versus Wiz..
chrisausten1203::The Spurs, after all, is the Spurs.
thedrwolff::last 4 games Duncan stat that is most impressive  25.5 pts or 15 rebounds or 4.8 assists or 2.7 blocks or 80% from the line???????   read that again and comprehend it.   Tim Duncan is distancing himself from every other big with an exclamation point.  Tim,    Where have you been hiding for the last 3 and a half years????
thedrwolff::Tim duncan just hit the 10 rebound a game mark exactly   now avg 17.2 / 10 / 4 / 2.7  Who the $@%! keeps saying Mark Gasol is the best big in the game/DPOY
thedrwolff::sorry  4 is only for the last 4 games
DalvinSplit::WE have good chance now with Parker back to  stay # 1 in the  West all the way. That also mean we will play Lake show or Houston in first round !!
manoocena::I would love to play the Lakers so we can get Slamdunkonyou a good old spanking.
--Td4mvp3 -::whatever tho guys a win is a win and Im happy with that.....we got houston next so hopefully we can win up there
nelfroone::kawhi!!!next star player!
howdythur::he needs to get a lot of looks in the playoffs!
82Teo::is cojo the future pg of the spurs?
papercut1980::Cojo is 21 years old. Very active on defense. Good rebounder for a pg. cut him some slack. Jesus.
Spurts_will_never_make_ESPN_highlights::no De-colo
DalvinSplit::He is not that bad for his first season in NBA !
--Td4mvp3 -::hell no I wish we would ship that bum back down to the d-league..I really hate him hes sooooo inconsistent and cant knoc down jumpers and is a turnover machine
--Td4mvp3 -::no manu's been timid as of late and Ive been frustrated with him as well but he always picks it up come playoff time...cojo is lousy though..I hate that pop gives him so many minutes
DalvinSplit::You mean Manu ?
DalvinSplit::Spurs are just awesome .They will now go on winning streak and will beat Denver and Miami !
--Td4mvp3 -::take it one game at a time but yes go Spurs!
--Td4mvp3 -::Its not corbins fault really...the jazz just lack a solid closer down the stretch...I mean mo is a pretty clutch scorer but relying on his late game heroic jumpshots will not get you far...still its not the coaches fault that the players cant win these type of games
sfy2004::corbin needs to go away. he clearly is in over his head and has no dam clue what he's doing or who to properly substitute at the appropriate times.
Serg Abaka::Mo a clutch scorer? LOL
mikeisildur::I can handle that.  What kills me is the "Jazz" fans that decide its Hayward's fault or state on a game like tonight that "the Jazz played nearly perfectly."  Drives me nuts.
--Td4mvp3 -::well like I said I dont get to ssee the jazz much only when they are on national TV
TAC0REV::I love when fans of other teams who watch the Jazz two or three times all year think they know more about the team than Jazz fans, who have suffered through Corbin's stupidity game in and game out for over two years now.
--Td4mvp3 -::well than I take back what I said..I havent seen the jazz much this season
Serg Abaka::The problem is that Mo thinks he is clutch. That is just about the only shot he has hit this season when it mattered
--Td4mvp3 -::well he beat the Spurs in december on a game winning 3 so yea Id say he's pretty clutch
TAC0REV::Someone posted this earlier, I'm passing it along...  Online petition for the firing of Corbin: http://www.change.org/petitions/fire-tyrone-corbin-and-sidney-lowe?utm_campaign=action_box&amp;utm_medium=twitter&amp;utm_source=share_petition
William1875::corbin is not a bad coach..come on guys..
mikeisildur::Signed it
Serg Abaka::Looks like Raja Bell was right
KatelynFabersLawyer211::I signed the petition.
KatelynFabersLawyer211::I'm a Spurs' fan, but I support the Jazz fans' cause here. #FIRECORBIN
KatelynFabersLawyer211::That punk, Deron Williams got him shipped out.
scow79::Yeah, I posted it.   It's up to 50 signatures!   lol   It was at 25 when I posted.
TAC0REV::#FIRECORBIN
Spurts_will_never_make_ESPN_highlights::ahahahah first..ev1 needs to do this first before clicking that link!!   hahaha ROFL  2nd- why did you cut Sloan loose for this guy??
--Td4mvp3 -::Ugly win...we probably didnt deserve it since the jazz played like they wanted it more...but we'll take it...tony was awesome in his first game back though...so good sign
scow79::I'm very confident in predicting that Kanter would have more than 18 points if he was given 23 shots and played 42 minutes.
mikeisildur::Did you take the Jazz off your favorite teams in shame or were they never there?
scow79::Haha!   Thanks for letting me know.  No, although I wouldn't blame anyone who does.
Spurts_will_never_make_ESPN_highlights::Kanter is not a franchise player homey but i am not the coach to be giving him that many minutes..
HotdogSalesman2012::spurs lakers round 1, who wins, in how many???
jazzfan1991::spurs in 3
William1875::spurs in 6
manoocena::Spurs in 4.
DalvinSplit::Spurs will broom Lake show  that is  4 :0
--Td4mvp3 -::spurs in 5
mikeisildur::Spurs in 4
mikeisildur::We're talkin' the Lakers here.  Spurs in 4
Spurts_will_never_make_ESPN_highlights::nahh The West is too stacked for any 4 and OUTs
fastfootedone::wow, the Jizzz truly is crap....LMAO
jacksonlyon::For those Jazz fans that questioned my sanity, after voicing my frustrations about losing to the Knicks at home and then to Houston, and opining in this forum that maybe Hayward ought to be traded, I note the following:  In a game that is extremely important and was eminently winnable, Hayward went 2-10, had three turnovers and was -16 on the plus/minus ratio.    He has a habit of disappearing (not always but often enough for me to conclude he doesn't have the mentaility of a consistent winner) when an important game is on the line.  He runs up gaudy numbers in games like Houston where the Jazz fall behind early and nothing is on the line as the Jazz try to fight their way back into what is a lost cause because they fell too far behind.   And for the record, the Jazz were 6-4 in the 10 games Hayward was out and are 4-11 since his return.    Not impressive.   Hayward has athleticism - far more athletic than Larry Bird - but in my view he doesn't have the mental toughness to be the star on a Jazz team that is a consistent winner - too many games like tonight.  Ergo - trade him and don't try to build the team around him.
jacksonlyon::Apropos me singing a different tune in a couple of years, I hope I am and I would love to see Hayward be a real success.   I just don't think it will happen.  But the great thing about sports - where ultimately the cream rises to the top - is that our opinions will always be tested in the crucble of reality and in three years we will all know if I am right or wrong.  People make mistakes in judging talent all the time - reference the Jazz's decision a few years back to draft Raul Lopez when Tony Parker was still available.
jazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz i know right::I'll agree to that. Just don't judge Hayward based on a game here and a game there. You'll fall victim to the dreaded confirmation bias. He's stepped up and shown a lot of toughness on many occasions, but disappointed on others.
jazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz i know right::Mental toughness huh? I think you'll be singing a different tune in a couple years.
jacksonlyon::I derive my insigts into Hayward's mental toughness (or lack thereof) and his lack of feel for the game not from any physcological insigt but from the physical observation of so often watching him force a shot in key moments, make a turnover at exactly the wrong time or turn his head on defense and let his man blow by him for an easy bucket when the game is on the line.    It is all merely deductioin from empirical observation. If you think I am wrong how about some counter examples where his play made a specific difference in outcome.   And did you like his game tonight.
scow79::Also I don't recall anyone really ever suggesting we build our franchise with Hayward being our Superstar player.  Most fans want us to build around the C4.   Kind of like Denver has.  No Superstar, but a lot of athletic players, high quality players.  The main difference there is Denver received players who were already developed in their trade with New York and they already had Ty Lawson.   Most intelligent Utah fans realize the Jazz need a PG of borderline all-star quality or better for us to really get anywhere in the future.
scow79::I didn't like that he shot 2-10, but I did like the 5 assists and 6 rebounds.  You've sited one big game where he didn't show up.   I'll site the previous game which you could say was just as big where he did. He was the reason we had a chance to win in Houston.  Perhaps, like every other player the Jazz have tried to play at the starting SF position this year and last, he has struggled to play with Big Al.  I don't think everybody can be considered mentally soft who plays in that position.   There might be more to it than mental toughness.   As to your example of trading him away.   That's just laughable to me.   He is our best all around player.   And it's really not even close.
TAC0REV::jackson, you do bring up some decent points on Hayward. But until he and the other young players can play unshackled from Corbin's stupidity and unburdened by an offense that goes exclusively through inefficient mediocre vets (Jefferson, Millsap), none of them (including Hayward) can really be evaluated properly.
Spurts_will_never_make_ESPN_highlights::Heyward scored the most points the other night against the Rockets.. I didn't see Al Jeff do much at all and Millsap was a nonfactor..dude, Heyward might be your best player..I would cut Favors or Al Jeff  loose if anyone
sfy2004::not Favors. no way in hell, too young and too much potential. plus for once the Jazz actually have a 4 who is over 6'8" and who can spell and play Defense.
scow79::I'm glad we're being enlightened by someone who knows so much about the mental state of Gordon Hayward.   Thanks for the insight.
jacksonlyon::Not the only problem - I also opined that Corbin should go, one of Millsap or Jefferson should be traded and that Favors and Kanter should be getting the playing time - but I also don't think Hayward is the guy to build the team around - he is way too soft mentally and doesn't have the capacity to make others better and be the focus of a consistently winning team.
mikeisildur::You really think Hayward is the problem?  Not Jefferson?  Millsap?  Coaching?
MattQuincy23::If y'all are into baseball we have a keeper league short a couple players.  I need your email to send you an invite to a custom league.  Standard rules though; except the keepers.
MattQuincy23::just leave your email.
texican_10::So is Parker back on the 2k roster??
spursdcmdva::Atleast Favors had a good dunk. Highlight dunks is what really matters, not wins
texican_10::-Espn
LetsGoMavs-::what?
spursdcmdva::calm down. Im just talking ish
marvalbertshair2000::For the record, Heat have won 25 in a row ... and are a game and a half up on the Spurs, who just played 3 weeks without their best players, one of the league's best.  Just sayin'.
Grantox::heat are not as good as spurs. heat live in the east coast!
spursdcmdva::Im eating some grapes. The snack fit for kings
LetsGoMavs-::I have to say the Jazz are the worst team in the West. They lost to a Knicks team without Chander, Melo, and Amare. Just sayin  I wanted you guys to take 8th place but Lakers are going to take that easily since you guys are sucking it up
Grantox::hey now. just watch a game and you will see the coach kills them
mikeisildur::Won the season series against the Mavs though.
LetsGoMavs-::both suck this year but Jazz are supposed to be way better since they have the better "TEAM"
mikeisildur::Not proud at all, the Jazz suck balls.  I'm confused though, are the Jazz the "worst team in the West" or are the Mavs?
LetsGoMavs-::My mavs suck this year since Dirk missed the first 30 games of the season. This is the worst mavs team in 13 years so nothing to be proud of
