j-wk-g::Last person to post on this board
__LeBron_James_::<b>Loading program - "LeBron James" 36% --- 75% --- 100% Launching program - "LeBron James" Step 1 of 4 : Scoring points --- Process complete Step 2 of 4 : Collecting rebounds --- Process complete Step 3 of 4 : Sending assists --- Process complete Step 4 of 4 : Fourth quarter --- ERROR - Step 4 of 4 could not be completed because Clutch has not been installed WARNING - Choke virus detected --- ERROR - Program "LeBron James" not found</b>
FranklinStrut::Heat self-crowned champions of nothing.
j-wk-g::Heat are champs
sportsplex23::WHO IS GOING TO STOP THEM!!!
JamesSonnyCrocket::The HEAT need to go aheadh and get sized for rings cuase they are soooooo winning the championship this year and I love it..............cant wait til all the low life haters see Lebron with the trophy and a ring, many will probably od on meth
dawnadrake::Lol I'm sure miami is the meth capitol of the world
convolutedthought::lol...guarantee if heat win lebron wont get finals mvp
brandon 201222::LEBRON SUCKS BOSHES DICK
Canwealljustgetalong::So immature...you wonder why your still a virgin
FloridaGatorsForever::Dwight Howard must be bi-polar. He says he wants a trade but then says he doesn't. Then says he wants a trade, loves his teammates, but then calls them out for not playing hard. I'm lost.
Lemoney_3::there are a lot of ups and downs in a season
iiirok::I guess you can call it FRUSTRATION ???...I dunno o.O
Lemoney_3::Hey dawnadrake, the other convo was too long. What have you said on this board except degrading James, just curious
dawnadrake::Gotta go back to work. Read up about the Heat on wikipedia and maybe you'll find some ammo.
FloridaGatorsForever::Haha, Kobe.
dawnadrake::I talked about Jordan, Kobe, dwight howard, and your mom
Lemoney_3::oooh we got an internet tough guy here.
iiirok::Through 33 NBA games this season....top 3 players in the league: K.Durant, L.James, and K.Bryant
PACMANSGHOST::i so see Howard pulling a punk Lebron move on Orlando and going to the Lakers or something
FloridaGatorsForever::So many players have done that. Don't get me started on Melo. He cried like a little girl until he was traded. And at least LeBron didn't talk about wanting to be traded during the season.
iiirok::I'm sure you saw it a 'punk move' when CP3 went to the Clippers right? Or maybe when Melo wanted to come to NY? Or what about when back in 08'  when Ray Allen and K.Garrett wanted to team up and play together? Was that a 'punk move' too? Do your history kid...
dawnadrake::That will probably happen
Lemoney_3::I hope he goes to nj
Ryan-Conville::Nobody remembers who comes in 2nd place, it comes down to winning titles.
iiirok::@Ryan great post dude.....and I can completely relate to what your saying. If LeBron helps my Heat win 2 championship and decides to play for another team, I'll have no problem with that. I think real fans sometime forget that it's all a business.
dawnadrake::Agreed.  I think its funny he wants to go back to CLE now.  Don't do it Cavs, have some self respect!
Lemoney_3::my thoughts exactly Ryan, he went out on his own free will and the decision was for a charity too
dawnadrake::Yes Ryan,  I think its safe to say you're probably in the minority.  Good positive attitude though
Ryan-Conville::I'm in the minority then, i'm a Cleveland fan and had no problem with what he did.  He was there for 7 years (add or subtract a year?) and could leave via free agency and that's what he chose to do.  Its not like back in 1995 when the Browns moved, the team was still there last year they just sucked.  They actually look decent this season.
dawnadrake::I remember Lebron $@%!$@%! on his home team on national TV.  He deserved what came his way.  He thought he was bigger than the game and everyone would still love him and boy was he wrong.
iiirok::75% of Cavs fan lost they're self respect when they went out to the streets and began burning LeBron James jerseys, calling horrible names, insulting his family, etc. Also, not to mention how the owner Mr. Gilbert wrote a pretty messed up letter and displayed on the teams official website. Remember?
Lemoney_3::Lebron James is such an athletic freak, i feel even when he's old he'll be able to avg. 20,6 and 7
iiirok::I heard something on the radio (Miami 790 the ticket) today that's so true..."If Lin was playing like this in Minnesota, nobody would even care nor hear about it. Only place in the country in would create a buzz is for the people in Minnesota. It lets you know the power of the New York media"
FloridaGatorsForever::I honestly think those two will play each other, but I'd give to Miami since they're finally hitting their stride and playing suffocating D.
iiirok::Smart man....if not my Heat I say the Thunders, they are looking scary too.
FloridaGatorsForever::Pick and Roll Offense*. My apologies. Oh no, it won't. Which is why I was saying that of course he's going to do good in the system. The PG needs the ball in his hands. I still think the Heat are winning it all.
iiirok::@ FloridaGator - point taken, the system that Lin is in now is perfect for him, I will not argue that. But will it win championships? ehhhh...? Look back at 07'-08'...
FloridaGatorsForever::Pretty much all the Knicks do is pick and roll defense and need a PG to play with the ball in his hands. I mean the system is perfect for Lin, he has some talent. What he's trying to say is that it wouldn't be hyped up if he was playing in a smaller market franchise.
iiirok::Dude you say 'd'antoni  system' like if it's the greatest system in the world. What about the defense huh? What about running decent half court plays? The point of my post was pointing out how BIG the NY media is. Example - how come they never talk about Lin TO numbers???
punxway::lin is playing in the d'antoni  system, which is perfect for lin.  only in miami would they come up with such crapp scenarios.
soldier00013::can you guys imagine the kind of crap Lebron would get if he had Lin's numbers over the next 9 games. lol hilarious all that Lin garbage.
FloridaGatorsForever::You said "0 Championships in 9 years" what I'm saying is that this year isn't even over. So you're statement should've been 0 Championships in 8 years. That's what I was getting at. I never said he wasn't in his 9th year because he is. Hence the fact that he's 27 and came in the league at 18.
dawnadrake::Yes Gator he's in his 9th year.  Look at my post above where I clearly lay out all 9 years.  I even numbered them for you lol.
FloridaGatorsForever::9 years? The year isn't even over?
fairandbalanced00::Don't like the Knicks, but man you really have to give it to Lin for taking full advantage of the opportunity he was given, he's got nothing else to loose. He sure inspires a lot of youngsters.
tebrina::well i do remember all the hype lebron had before he had any numbers at all.
Lemoney_3::you offered, you answered. ask yourself that.
dawnadrake::Bacon egg and cheese breakfast sandwich and a slice of pizza for lunch lol.  Is this facebook or an espn message board?
Lemoney_3::yes, what did you have?
dawnadrake::I love it when the heat fans have to pull the "hater" card.  I take that as I won the argument and they have nothing else to say.
dawnadrake::No I slept and I went to work this morning.  On my lunch break right now.  Do you want to know what I had for breakfast and lunch too?
iiirok::He didn't ruin anything - all he was make a bad choice by putting on national television where he wanted to play ball. Has he been caught sniffing coke? raping a white girl? cheating on his wife? beating up a fan? - NO.....like I said, your a hater and your probably jealous.
Lemoney_3::I'll take that as you were on here all night.
dawnadrake::And I'm laughing at how bad I've owned you on these posts.  I love exposing fake Lebron "fans" like you.
Lemoney_3::yeah, I'm sitting back right now laughing at how hard you're trying. Did you even sleep last night?
dawnadrake::Yeah I'm sure you said 8 seasons to get a "rise" out of me.  I think it has more to do with you being a fake Lebron "fan."
dawnadrake::My argument is Lebron ruined his legacy as soon as he did the Decision.  And Jordan 6-6 in the Finals and took a season and a half off to play baseball.  Lebron 0-2 in the Finals.  Nothing will change that.
1WHOCARES1::funny, I remember people saying the same thing last year...
iiirok::@ dawnadrake - at this rate, the Miami Heat are on track to win their 2nd NBA Championship. And I bet next year, your argument will be "OMGZ BUt Jordan Has LIke 5 more RINGS!!". Your a hater. Get real dude.
Lemoney_3::haha its so easy getting a rise out of you
dawnadrake::9th year. He was drafted in the 03-04 season.  1. 03-04 2. 04-05 3. 05-06 4. 06-07 5. 07-08 6. 08-09 7. 09-10 8. 10-11 9. 11-12  Come on Lemoney, I'm tired of making a fool out of you.
Lemoney_3::this is James 8th year
dawnadrake::That's because that line is true.
iiirok::Dude that '0 Champion' line is soo old - they even made a movie using that line. -_____-
dawnadrake::0 time NBA Champion in 9 years
iiirok::....and at the end - he proved that he deserved 'all the hype' by  becoming a 8x all star, 2x MVP...
jcr54321::Best thing from this win is that the Heat have a better record than the Bulls in the East
FloridaGatorsForever::I remember last year when Bulls fans bragged about having the best record  until they got smacked in the ECF. Don't say regular season doesn't matter because it does.
iiirok::To everyone that is saying that the 'regular season is pointless', I sure your team is below .500 and struggling just to get in with the 8th seed. For US Heat fan - we know and understand that the Bulls will be there in the end when it comes playoff time - there-fore having home court all through the playoffs is a huge + in winning a title. It's common sense...
1WHOCARES1::teams did great on the road in last years playoffs
1WHOCARES1::yeah having the best record worked out real good for the Bulls last year...home court has proven to be of little factor lately
brandonlee561heat::I agree, regular season is basically pointless for this team, the finals, is all that matters.
soldier00013::who cares. the regular season is a formality at this point.
soldier00013::not really i actually would love for the heat to shut it down a bit and finish as the 4th or 5th seed. i would take that if it means a whole lot of rest.
jcr54321::So none of the regular season matters, then? Lol, $@%!.
ShowMeTheMoneyRightNow::Atleast Lin is actually playing well to deserve the attention.  Tebow was trash all season and he got praise for it. sigh. D@mn you skip clueless.
ShowMeTheMoneyRightNow::Why not. 20 + points a game 8+ assist.  Thats decent. Could be alot better. cut down the turnovers and play a little better D. But Tebow. omFg. that dude sucked from the opening snap. And QBs that played better than him dont even get a chance.
soldier00013::you call what he is doing playing well?
nba is the worst::8-1 as a starter for a team that was 8-15 when he wasn't.  What about that don't you comprehend?
ShowMeTheMoneyRightNow::Bosh is more than capable of getting 20 and 10 but when you have Lebron and Wade going off its easy to just pack it in and take the win without giving anye effort. He got 8pts and 8rbs. A decent game for most fowards but a horrible game for him.
FloridaGatorsForever::Bosh is good for this team. They've all had their moments when they flourished. Believe me, a lot of NBA teams would kill to have Bosh on their team. I mean he can be a decoy most of the time. He doesn't need to score 20 a game. The Heat want balance.
fairandbalanced00::Main reason he's not producing is because lack of touches, check his fg attps stats, easily he would avg 20+ppg, he's worth the money he received. Imagine Wade or Lebron with those fg attempts per game are you going to say that they're not worth the money because of lack of scoring?
1WHOCARES1::hes not worth the money because you have 2 other superstars that ARE getting the touches...its simple math, there's only so many shots a game and only 1 basketball....the Heat HAD to know neither Bron or Wade was going to give up shots a game so that Bosh could get his...all i'm saying is you don't pay a  guy that much when you know hes going to be your 3rd option 95% of the time
ShowMeTheMoneyRightNow::He plays good Defense also. And when Wade was hurt he went into beast mode. When Lebron and Wade didnt play. He went into beast mode.  In the playoffs last year He went into beast mode.  Beside there are only a few PF that is as good as him or better. Maybe 2..3 at the most.
ShowMeTheMoneyRightNow::Bosh will prove valuable come playoff time when they have to run more have court sets. and if one of the 3 are injured hes a very good back up option.  Besides as wade gets older and has less of a role Bosh will prove a great investment. Wade is like 30+  Lebron and Bosh are in their 20s still.
1WHOCARES1::that's what I mean though...he's only valuable if one of the Big 2 is injured, you don't sign guys at 15+ Mil a year "in case" somebody gets injured....Heat could have gotten a guy just as serviceable for that 3rd option to give them around 8 and 8 at a lot less then 15 million a year, face up big men are a dime a dozen in this league and that's what Bosh is
1WHOCARES1::Heat wasted a ton of money signing him for their 3rd wheel...when Wade and James are in the lineup, he simply is not worth that kind of money...they should have just signed James and looked to spread the rest of their money out across the  lineup, would have made for a better overall and deep team
soldier00013::are you wearing your helmet?
brandonlee561heat::He has struggled lately.
1WHOCARES1::did J-Rich actually miss the game because of heartburn...really? take a tums and man up!
StopBanningMe ESPN geez::The refs this year have actually been pretty good so far, compared to recent years. Very good season for the nba so far.
fairandbalanced00::The Heat's defense will make Lin committ at least 10 turnovers, Heatles love it when one single opposing player want to do it all and end up all choked up (ask D.ROSE) Heat need to feed the ball to Bosh some more, if Bosh scores more they'll be able to spread the field more for Miller,Chalmers,Battier and JJones.
1WHOCARES1::Bosh always goes through a slump...he's an over rated and over paid 3rd wheel
soldier00013::they have been feeding bosh more but he is going through a small slump right now. he will get it together soon enough.
soldier00013::you know what sucks, i really want the knicks to be good. when we played them in the 90's those series were epic and i would love to go back to that time. However, Lin is not the beast ESPN wants us to believe he is thus he is going to lead his knicks to a beat down. Lin will be the best player for the Heat come thursday night you will see. He is going to set up Lebron and Wade with some many dunks he will start getting assists instead of turnovers.
alex89014::He is going to turn the ball over a lot for sure.  Last game though he had 7 to's to 14 ast which is 2/1.  Not bad at all but not great for a pg.  On the other hand he created 6 stops too 5 steals and a block.  Overall, if i were a Knicks fan I wouldn't worry as long as my PG is at a 2/1 ratio (which he usually isn't) and is creating turnovers.
brandonlee561heat::I wouldn't be surprised if he had double-digit turnovers.
soldier00013::how is he getting better when his to's have remained the same for all 9 games? there is a reason why this guy was cut 2 times and his way to a third before davis got hurt.
RunTheBall22::Captain obvious strikes  again. of course he will turn the ball over, the guy has only been playin for like three weeks and is goin up against a very good defensive team. he is getting better though and it might be a different story come playoff time.
RunTheBall22::Hi, my name is Lebron and I just hired a new PR person to get me back in the news because no one talks about me ever since Linsanity took over. I'm sad
tebrina::lol
brandonlee561heat::If all else fails, when your team get's beat down, try to put down another player/team. Bulls fans are all the same.
brandonlee561heat::Source? And what do you mean by "busted out"?
RunTheBall22::when all else fails say the same three things over and over again. I'm surprised you didn't go with your avg margin of victory by 17 points. you busted that one out like five times already today. but I guess you got to change it up once in a while. lol you keep trying little buddy
hulKKNUPE::I don't remember all the ESPN hoopla when the Magic beat the Heat really bad last game. But hey, what do I know??????
brandonlee561heat::Hoopla? The only hooplah from yesterday's games is surrounding OKC, and NY. lol
mintzerkj4eva::How many TO's does Lin get Thursday?
soldier00013::12 to's leading to 20 miami points.
soldier00013::yup yup
brandonlee561heat::+6 highlights on Sportcenter Top 10
brandonlee561heat::7, bringing his season average to 6.
mintzerkj4eva::He is the real deal, but maybe in the first few games of Melo's return, might be a set back in lowering the TO's.
RunTheBall22::thats not bad at all. he's getting better and now has more shooting help with JR and Mello coming back. those turnovers should be goin down along with his points but assists should be goin up. his only problem is a very fixable one. this kid should be the real deal
mintzerkj4eva::A friend want me to bet on it lol, I thinking about 8 maybe since Lin might force thing's in Melo's return
mintzerkj4eva::Aye Worst, did you have Dallas blowing out NY yesterday?
nba is the worst::No, but I thought they would win.  Terry wasn't clutch, Lin was!
mintzerkj4eva::OK
Golden State Fan::Lebron has better defense , passing AND is a better scorer than KD( more points, less shots this year ). LeBron is also better in the clutch when it matters (LeBron: 44% on 7 shots per game with 3 minutes or less left on the clock in last year's playoffs   Durant: 37 % on 1.6 shots per game with 3 minutes or less left on the clock in last year's playoffs   LeClutch &gt; KiD Clutch B*tches) I don't see why people have the conversations about who's better.
1PKr::KD is more clutch than Lebron
nba is the worst::Who wouldn't - but how is that relevant?
brandonlee561heat::Ill take an average margin of victory by 17, rather than a buzzer beater.
mintzerkj4eva::It's a minority
nba is the worst::It MIGHT have something to do with lebron's near-disappearance in the Finals.
RunTheBall22::how many points did Lebron have in the 4th of those games. you know what happened and so does everyone else. don't try to argue that he was clutch in the 4th of the finals.
Golden State Fan::he shot 32% in the clutch (3 min left) vs dallas, durant shot 28% vs mavs on less shots
mintzerkj4eva::The Lin is story has been great. Let the media focus on him and everyone else just to under the radar.  Miami on a roll, and is anyone even talking about how SAS in on a 10 game winning streak lol
RunTheBall22::well, no one ever talks about the spurs, and it's no surprise that a healthy heat team is on a roll. Lin and the Knicks are about the only story
mintzerkj4eva::Its at good one at that too.
Tampabayallday37::Heat bested my Magic this time around. Battle for the sunshine state is always interesting.
nba is the worst::1-1 with 2 more to play
RunTheBall22::you want to know how great Lebron is? ask yourself who would you rather have taking a high pressure clutch shot or free throw right now . Lebron or the Lin who has only been relevant for three weeks? says a lot about Lebron and his greatness doesn't it?
mintzerkj4eva::Because of Lin doing it in the season lmao,
brandonlee561heat::Check the record!
brandonlee561heat::English comprehension tough for you?
RunTheBall22::I tell you what brandonlee, why don't you go get someone to read and explain the question to you and then you get back to me. ok little buddy.
brandonlee561heat::A simple answer to your question would be that the Heat's margin of victory is 17 points in the last 6 games.
RunTheBall22::lol. it was a simple question that had nothing to do with the bulls or the 90's. and were not even at the all star break to be sayin better luck next year is just dumb. if you don't have anything to say, why say anything? that's all right you keep thinking you already won it last year and this year.  lol
brandonlee561heat::Coming from a Bulls(stuck in the '90's) I am not surprised you would be sour. Better luck next year.
RunTheBall22::I said right now fool. what does the record have anything to do with my question? and records say a lot of things don't they. do you believe that Bonds is the greatest home run hitter.?don't be a blind sheep, AKA heat fan
brandonlee561heat::Anytime D12 has more rebounds than points, its tough for the Magic to win
Taphawn::Miami,Bulls,New York east, West Okc  on pure talent and young fresh legs or Spurs
mintzerkj4eva::MEM when Zach gets back maybe.
mintzerkj4eva::Usual? What does the past have to do with this year's teams? IDK. I just disagree about Denver coming out. Only see 3 teams really competing for the title out of the West this year if they stay healthy.
nba is the worst::As usual, the West champ will be team that's the heathiest and playing the best at playoff time - which could be the Nuggs.
mintzerkj4eva::What does how they play against the East has to do with them getting through the West First? I Don't even have them coming out healthy or not
nba is the worst::Nuggets (so soon you forget).  9-0 vs the L'east
alex89014::Bulls and NY have the two weakest RPIs in the league.  I think the west is more open than that.  Clippers Dallas and Lakers are all just one step away from being legit contenders.  Too early to say who is representing from each side yet.
mintzerkj4eva::Lakers could very well get Howard, and I just don't like the Clipper's chance since Billups got hurt
choate_sedition::How in the world does THAT Magic team have the league highest payroll?
Taphawn::Heat had a good game but they bench is still suspect for the playoffs everybody else is getting players bettering their team but the heat .  Their defense is good but dam that guy got a lot of 3 pointers off. a lil weakness i saw ,the heat sink in too far and leave them shooters open a lot . hope they get that under control.
jordsdolphins::hmm there bench actually good alot better than some benches and benches aren't very important in the playoffs anyways so u dont really have a point
juhefner716::lets be real...the only games that the heat play the truthfully means anything are bulls  and thunder...maybe the knicks if this whole thing isnt momentum.those are the elite teams right now in the nba..but other than that no teams are really relevant. so all this talk about one game is just heat fans be annoying.
Taphawn::Well its not much to say anymore about the top stars this china boy took over the league .They got him the new face of the NBA . They are blowing this boy up like the new god of the United States Hes good but goodness, when does it end. they got him better then rose , Westbrook , Irvan and etc............ Boy the world will go into shock if the new york nicks dont win the championships. they got a good team but will it hold up. til the end. who knows.
tebowism::Jameer Nelson should not have more shot attempts than Dwight.
nba is the worst::Or Ryan Anderson for that matter - or even Redick, considering he was their best shooter
brandonlee561heat::Redick single-handedly kept them in the game in the first half.
Iamtheunderdog23::Why is everyone commenting here... Lin plays for the Knicks guys
brandonlee561heat::"Lin" is also Taiwanese for "turnover"
nba is the worst::Yes.  Lots of ref help for the home team, denver couldn't buy a call in the paint.  What a couple of run and gun teams!
brandonlee561heat::Crazy-ness. Did you see the OKC game?
nba is the worst::.347 win percentage for the Knicks with Lin in the D-league/garbage time - .888 with him starting - despite all those turnovers. The Knicks' only loss came due to the other 3 guards shooting 5-23.  Kupchak must be depressed...
brandonlee561heat::Very true, they look like the best .500 team in the NBA
nba is the worst::In the case of the Knicks, "turnaround" is <b>FAR</b> more appropriate than "turnover".  ;)
esquire2014::A Heat win seems to make people forget about the butt whopping the Magic gave the Heat the first game... typical
nba is the worst::Jeff van Gundy is extremely annoying, but he was correct with his analysis of Howard's lack of effort affecting the rest of the Magic.  What a clown
nba is the worst::Their team is designed around chucking threes and him rebounding the misses.  So when he doesn't play hard and shoots 2-10 from the ft line, they're doomed.
Iamtheunderdog23::In Howard's defense their entire team revolves around him dominating everything inside the lane.
madewunmi::and because the magic arent getting out of the first round again this yr. whereas the heat can make another serious run
jordsdolphins::Because Miami have won 6 in a row by double figures and an average of 17
funkstrman::I watched this game at AAA yesterday.  The heat are very scary, they won this game easily without appearing to reach anywhere close to 100% performance.
Taphawn::let them tell it Lin will beat the heat by him self............ if the chinese guy beats the heat you can forget it Lin get the MVP of the league and they will jock this guy forever and a day not mad at his game . but they havent been talking about the guys who been here longer doing just as good for thier teams, they get no love in the media.
jordsdolphins::99% of the other teams haha
jordsdolphins::leastern is your favourite word no matter how sad it is
nba is the worst::Not that tough to dominate in the Leastern Conference
jeremym13::They are playing on a different level than 95% of the other teams in the NBA right now....
nba is the worst::Two EASY wins this week (at home vs Kings and then the Knicks on their road B2B) which puts them at 27-7 at the ASB halfway point.  Then, no road trip longer than 3 games and that includes just one west of OKC. 50 wins is a lock...
jeremym13::True, Wade has been on fire, but the great thing about the Heat's roster is that Wade can miss some games and not hurt them TOO bad because Bosh just steps up and takes over more on the offensive end.  That being said, I definitely do not want to be without D Wade or LBJ come playoff time.....
jeremym13::Are you talking about the Heat?  First off, the Heat play at home vs the Kings AND the Knicks this week and no B2B games.....
nba is the worst::Sorry that reading comprehension isn't one of your strengths, I'll edit...  Spo just needs Wade to stay healthy the 2nd half- this last 10-day stretch he's been incredible
_misterfurious::I remember not so long ago when it was actually being suggested that Miami was better without Wade.  I haven't heard that nonsense in a while though...
Lomax66::Crackheads... same dumbazzes that said it's better the Heat lost the finals so it makes them better. These idiots need to face the firing squad.
mountainbiker25@aol.com::So much talk about Mavs.  I didn't even know they were playing basketball this year.
bball12127::I really want to tongue Amy Lee's butthole
Danny0621::Danny that's why people hate on the Heat and their fans. You all are so cocky and celebrate championships before they happen. I feel sorry for the real Heat fans that you make look bad. A little humility goes a long way.  Dawndrake  You did not read what I said earlier did you. I said I was happy the Heat lost last year, it will only make them more hungry to prove everyone wrong. I also said that I have been a Heat fan since day one of Roy Sparrow, Rony Seikley, Billy Thompson, Pat Cummins, Kevin Edwards, should I go on.  Oh and being cocky I have never heard of a TRUE fan of Any team not be COCKY of his or her Team when you do please tell me. I have never heard of a non cocky Yankee, Knick or Raiders fan if you find one please let me know. Especially a Raider fan so we can trow them into the Black hole which is where you probably are because you know nothing about being a true FAN of your team.
midara77::Rory Sparrow... not Roy.
AdamBrown87::Agreed.  Signed -ESPN Boards
Lomax66::"You were happy the Heat lost cuz it makes them better" &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; This is what I read? What an idiot. You are a fake fan to even say something so stupid. That is just idiotic.  Go bandwagon some other team you phony.... Number 2, I believe you had to go look all of those names up from the 80s seasons Heat  players.
dawnadrake::Agreed lol
Danny0621::So guess Mav's fans have just as much time to wait as Heat fans do to be cocky right. Oh but if we go by DAWNDRAKE's theory if you have to go back 5 years it does not count.
BrutusDAFL::We're not even half way through the season yet, we don't know whats gonna happen, but The heat look REALLY good right now. . .who knows
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::You're only supposed to get cocky if your team has 3 or more championships
ryan_leventon93::What about your Mavericks bro? They only have one and I bet you were being hella cocky after winning the championship last year.
earlealston::So I'm allowed to be a cocky Pistons fan? lol.
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::Dirk, Dwight, and DWILL     3D in Dallas which means Dynasty    Can't wait for next season  Please Orlando keep Dwight for the rest of the season
billymitch14::Good point but as long as he doen't end up in Chicago I will be happier than a pig in s h i t
Danny0621::Nahh to end up there they would have to do a sign and trade and Chicago does not want to let go of certain players to get him.
billymitch14::are you guy's high? He's not going to Big D, just not gonna happen, if the lakers clear space and they always seem to figure a way when they need to he will be going there just like a center from that same team did some years back
Danny0621::Howard wants out of Orlando because he can not stand being compared to SHAQ so I really do not think he will do the same as he did and go to the LAKERS also. He will go to the Nets before he goes to LA
Danny0621::Big D you are right it can happen and it will be nasty if that is the case. Only problem is Dirk is on his last legs don't know just how much he really has left in the tank. Also the West is so loaded they may be burned out by the time they even make it into the playoffs.
Danny0621::Yeah after he was shut down because he showed up out of Shape at the start of the season. He Drank too much German beer over the lock out. Well deserved for beating the HEAT Mind you.   Look a Mav's fan like I said earlier Mav's fans are the only ones that can talk any real crap about the Heat because they beat us all other teams and their fans can shut it, it does not matter what you say.
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::lol the West is wide open and the Mavs have the #1 rated bench in the league again. Dirk still has 5 more years in him and have you seen him play the last few games or even today against the Knicks. Dirk is BACK to his MVP form
BrutusDAFL::Lol. . . I don't see how this is gonna happen, but i guess I dont know. . . .
BrutusDAFL::Sorry about the Typos. . .
BrutusDAFL::I did. I soon as I heard Bron was in Free agency and I saw their pictures on twitter with their families going to the Beach and Partying together I told everyone he would Join Wade in Miami. Everyone told me to shut up because I meant jinx it and it wont happen but it was pretty clear the Bron was either going to stay in Cleveland or go to Miami and join his friend he wasnt going anywhere else
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::no one saw the Heat capable of signing both Lebron and Bosh
Lemoney_3::dont see tht happening at all
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::Mavs have 30 million in cap space by not signing Chandler or Barea and they can still amnesty Haywood. Why do you think Cuban didn't sign everyone. He has the money but now he just made moves to have cap space
Lemoney_3::Miami looks like they might go on a stretch of wins here if they keep playing like this.
Taphawn::well the media got NY beating them this week so . oh Lin will beat the heat lol its not melo team nor stadimire team anymore it got snatched by Lin
billymitch14::don't worry, when melo comes back the whole rythm will be disrupted and they will be right back to where they started this year
BrutusDAFL::Knicks played great D last time, and I'm afraid of the Knicks 3 point shooters. if we can shut down the 3 game like we did vs Magic tonight and Knicks will have no chance. The 3 is the only thing that can save them vs Heat.
Lemoney_3::true, one would think with their frontcourt theyd be good but....
Danny0621::Knicks play no D that is what will cost them not just vs the Heat but in the playoffs.
Lemoney_3::I honestly think if we can shut down Lin, that can seriously distrupt there offense. wont be easy tho
Danny0621::Only care about about what is going to happen the next game, then the next after that which is the Knicks!
Hawk Harrelson 321::If Kaman goes to the Heat, wrap it up.
billymitch14::didn't everyone say that about james and bosh??
cindy_4321::Very impressive win by miami. Defensively they look like a team with a championship defense and offensively they are extremely efficient. Gotta say they are by far ahead of every other team right now.
J-SMOOVE2023::Chris Kaman to Heat???  dam, if that happens..... not 1 not 2 not 3.........
Danny0621::It won't happen I agree! I was just stating who they would cut.
billymitch14::You are funny but I would not count on it happening, good luck though
billymitch14::who you lettin go
Danny0621::Gladness or Pittman
billymitch14::Has smoove ever heard of the salary cap, please look it up its not like the old days moron
J-SMOOVE2023::wont matter if the hornets buy out his contract and he signs for the min in miami
dawnadrake::Not 1 sounds more doable
Lemoney_3::they could but it seems more reasonable with 2, even a bulls fan should understand that.
dawnadrake::It COULD.  I was going around the lines of 0 though.
Lemoney_3::yeah so that could mean 2 or 3
DTangMF::I dont see anybody from the East can beat the Heat in the playoff this year.
BrutusDAFL::I don't think the Bulls can beat the heat on mars let alone in the Playoffs,but I am scared of this new Knicks Team they can be for real. Watch out they can even get home court advantage in the playoffs and make into the second round and then who knows what will happen. . . . .
Cool Headed Fan::Only threat is the Bulls, but still won't happen.
Taphawn::oh JEREMY LIN dont forget the media saying they beat the heat and the bulls
billymitch14::wait till it counts, who knows maybe leblow will get his famous elbow injury when the pressure starts
FloridaGatorsForever::Heat vs. Thunder in Finals.
BrutusDAFL::OKC is hands down the best time in the west. they only teams I can see can stop them are Nuggets and MAYBE spurs. I say maybe because they gassed out in the playoffs last year after having a great regular season. . . . .
DTangMF::OKC barely beat Denver tonight
billymitch14::OKC wont make it nor will the three stooges
Danny0621::Yup would be great to see Bron vs Durrant so everyone can see who is really the better player.
areddy22::OKC won't make it
Lemoney_3::id want to see that match up
