Road dog Red::CELTICS Heart, Fire, Determination  welcome to our world
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::Mostly all I see in here is a bunch of Celtics fans and trolls arguing with one another, not many actual Pacers fans in here, so you can calm down Boston. Good win guys, I think you guys try to make enemies with us a little too much, a lot of people from here are sort of rooting for the Celtics in a way... Reason being you have Moore, Johnson, and not to mention JO. Well I am at least speaking for myself.   And for the immature child who asked where are all of us explicit term Pacers fans are now? Well I will let you know, theres a little event called the Super Bowl here this week and all the events started last night. Everyones out in super bowl village having a good time. And for the Boston fans coming to Indy for your Pats, here are some free apps to help you out, come early if you can, theres a $@%! TON of concerts all week, some of them look pretty good, they started last night and are going all week, do the zipline, and plus all the other crazy NFL events.   IPHONE http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/super-bowl-xlv/id413928892?mt=8  ANDROID https://market.android.com/details?id=com.nfl.superbowlxlv&amp;hl=en
Road dog Red::slam BAMM thank you ma'am
Road dog Red::The Pacers are Abecedarians compared with the Tics...that means beginners
ryguy3131::Seriously you can beat the Pacers 1 out of 3 times. That means when we meet in the playoffs you might get 2 wins.
shelesh_kim::regular season and playoffs are two different things. celtics beat miami 2 times out of 3 last season and they still got dominated in the playoffs.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Settle down
Road dog Red::BEST 9-9 team EVER
Road dog Red::CELTICS  HoooRah
big1dunny::This celtics team is finally rounding into form. And it's all because the defense. They started the year without Pierce and a ton of new players who didn't know how to play our schemes. Then they got Pierce back but he was woefully out of shape because his injury needed weeks to get back his legs. He's got his legs and the Celtics smothering d is back. that's the difference and once they get Rondo and Ray back they are going to be even better.
iamtheBACON::If Pacers shoot 33% from 3, they win convincingly. They were the better team and if these teams meet in the playoffs they will show as much... kind of like how they showed in the 2 previous meetings.
ryguy3131::They lost when they had rondo and allen against us.  Pierce had one of the greatest games of his life and they barely won.  congrats!!!!
ztrap11::Bacon, you are $@%!$@%!...it would be a gift for the Celtics to play the Pacers in this years playoffs...it would maybe go to 5 games
Mr. Scratch::Do the Celtics get Rondo and Allen next time or do they have to win again without them?  Doesn't matter either way, just for purposes of tallying margin of victory.
big1dunny::And if not for a INSANE free throw advantage the pacers don't even hang around down 10 most of the game. Instead they would of been blown out by 20 points. Celtics DOMINATED this game on the second of a back to back with half their team out. Pacers beat the celtics early in the year. But so what a ton of teams beat us early in the year the lockout and Pierce injury have more to do with that then the Pacers.
bmgedo::See Pacer's fans, you need to win more than one game a week to trash talk with the Bulls.  You beat us (congrats), celebrated like you won the world championship but lost a game in the standings b/c on the bookends of the your win were two losses.  Predictable.
bmgedo::Division
iamtheBACON::Scoreboard
WddNews.com::Celtics started playing better after Rondo went down...
big1dunny::They are playing better for one reason their defense is finally playing to Celtics standard. They have won 4 in a row, 5 of last 6 and during that time they are allowing on avg 78points per game. Only one team has even cracked 90. Their offense is still not where it needs to be but that will change once Rondo and Ray come back. They were the c's two best scorers before the injures and Rondo is a 10 assists a game guy.
ZodModule::Celtics .500 team of the year.
jbarnes1621::Paul Pierce = MVP
I Want To Go Higher::haha pacers suck
iamtheBACON::last i checked they are 1-0 against the Bulls and 2-1 against the Celtics
1433paul::Look at paul peirce out their leading the team in every catigory
raven.5200::Has the Pacers coach been fired yet?
iamtheBACON::Why would that happen?
Dave5227::Garnett must be thanking god that there are like 4 other players on the Celtics who are willing to shoot more than he is, because these generic 4-9"s he throws up while banking 21 million while the team is shorthanded is awesome....At least Pierce has a set between his legs and is willing to try to win
ztrap11::Garnett's presence on defense is unprecedented...he's a very unselfish player, sometimes too unselfish...his job out there is not to be puttin up 20 points a game anymore...if the Celtics don't have KG right now, they wouldn't be over 5 wins
big1dunny::KG is older  and played a ton more games then pierce. KG was given a long contract which they knew he most likely would be on the sharp decline by the time it reached the last year. And boston gladly gave it to him for a chance to win it all in 2008, which they did. He's not the same player he was in his prime he's playing his 17th season. Most guys don't play at a high level for 10 years let alone 15. The age and knee injury has caught up to KG. There will be a time where Pierce looks like KG. Happens to all players age catches up. Look at Duncan and he makes more then KG
iamtheBACON::Agreed... Paul Pierce is the truth
ynot1825::does it really matter as long as we're winning?????
Aaron4123::Agreed.  Where has KG been - I mean, seriously.  The guy isn't that old.
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!
bow3599::Good win for the Celtics, I think the come from behind win against Orlando will hopefully be the turning point of the year for them, Go Celtics!
raven.5200::How can the Pacers lose to this crappy team??
big1dunny::Yeah I'm sure Boston's defense didn't have anything to do with that. Look at points and shooting percentages Boston has held teams to in the last 6 games. Handcuffing everybody they have faced in that time. C's slow start in the season was because of the lockout. Boston is playing much better now. And that's why they spanked the Pacers last night. And are still missing half their team to injures
iamtheBACON::They shot 1-19 from 3
ynot1825::C's are better......
iamtheBACON::And that's not what the record shows
xGodofAcidx::Do you understand why KG was upset about the short season and lack of time to prepare now? This team runs off chemistry as much as any team in the league.
vickyvnj::Pacer fans are Homers and donkeys at best.  10 years at least til a championship.  Hansborough will be playing dirty and smelling for a different team by then and Hibbert will be missing 3 foot runners for someone else. Cheers. :D
ztrap11::is that your only argument you have, Bacon?
iamtheBACON::Again what is the head to head record between the Celtics and Pacers this year?
Baseballbill1::The truth&gt;Kobe at any clutch shot
Baseballbill1::All you f@ggots best recognize that the Celts are for real!
ZodModule::oh wait until last night they were below .500 also
ZodModule::Celtics have played 10 games against below .500 teams and can barely claim 9 wins..congrats they are the best!
raven.5200::lol
RaidersCelticsRedsox::+1
Jdzspace::well i'm going to cut my hair, shave and shower and go to bed. so good night all.   and remember  GO GREEN, OR GO HOME!! :p (read that in a Celtics article )
RaidersCelticsRedsox::lata jd...but why did u need to tell us ur gonna cut ur hair shave and shower ? lol funny man
kahl1212::Later
Spartan1705::peace
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Is Irving really their leading scorer?   Wow they must suck
Dwayne_Johnson23::He is their second highest shot taker . . .   Their highest FG% guy  Leads the team in assists/game
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Yea i know, hes pretty good. But i still think Avery Bradley can handle him just fine
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Anyone know if Ray Allen is going to play Sunday?
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::So ...nobody knows anything on Ray Allen
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::He went to Jared
Spartan1705::i know jared allen is good
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Look how long this thread got
kahl1212::what?
Spartan1705::who?
Spartan1705::i'm not in special ed - i just graduated
Jdzspace::holy crap! the leader scorer for the Cavs!!! well good lord, he MUST be legit. . we should put him up there with such greats as.. . .  . . help me out here. .. . . . . wow, nobody worth a damn except LeBron.   please, that is like being the smartest kid in special ed and you know it
Dwayne_Johnson23::IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT YOU SEE
Spartan1705::i only see prince fielder - the rest of the field isn't visible
Dwayne_Johnson23::The leading scorer for the Cavs
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Is on first.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Doesn't matter about Ray.  No Rondo = No win.  Kyrie Irving will tear the C's apart.  FACT
Gregster 82::we just beat the magic twice without rondo or ray
Dwayne_Johnson23::I'm not even talking about what he did in college.  In fact, he was a a side note in college, played like 8 games or something.  Just take a step back and look at what he's doing as a professional
Jdzspace::dude, he played against children. I would look like an all-star too if i played against kids who were more concerned about getting la.id and getting a degree than winning a game too
Dwayne_Johnson23::Sounds like you're just not good at judging talent . . . or you just haven't seen him play.  He can ball
Jdzspace::whether he's a pice of sh.t or a Tar heel or whatever. they are all just a bunch of kids playing a game that nobody is very very good at just yet.   not impressed in the slightest
Dwayne_Johnson23::Dude leads a team in scoring.  Say whatever you want, leading any team in scoring as a ROOKIE is impressive
Jdzspace::no he's not. he is a rookie point guard. he is in no way shape or form a legit threat to a veteran team. give him a few years, and maybe. but he is nothing right now.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Silly JD
Dwayne_Johnson23::Well loser college team only applies to UNC players.  Kyrie went to DUKE
Jdzspace::no, he is a "whatever team the last good player from his loser favorite college plays for" fan
Dwayne_Johnson23::Dude, Kyrie Irving is a legit threat.  No joke
Jdzspace::oh for the love of christ. .. ..  .SERIOUSLY.   god nothing makes me want to tear out your aorta then when you ROOT for the other team to win just because he was decent in college.   so un-fanlike  even if you only do it $@%! me off . . . it's still showing the integrity of a Laker fan
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Avery Bradley can handle that guy. Arent you a Boston fan?
RaidersCelticsRedsox::i wonder if the c's have a chance of getting tebow for added depth...he's clutch in the 4th quarter...after all..the kids a "winner"
Spartan1705::tim tebow works for god though... why would he ever consider boston?
Spartan1705::then there's your answer
Dwayne_Johnson23::Wasn't he a four year guy?  So he probably played around 100 games at home . . .
Spartan1705::lost count.  how many home college bball games did he play?
Dwayne_Johnson23::How many times?
Spartan1705::i've seen jajaun in real life more than you
Dwayne_Johnson23::I hear JaJuan Johnson is really religious.  All he does is pray for PT
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::One thing i am quite sure of is that the Knicks fucking suck
kahl1212::its only a game why ruin other peoples good times after a win or loss?
kahl1212::because n.a.z.i. is actually Bill Ontario who knows how to hack espn boards.but he is quite pleasant when not spamming
Jdzspace::maybe i can, maybe N.A. sent me to take you out for commenting on his name.   do you hear that rustling against the outside of your room?
Spartan1705::are you a spy?  how do you see me?  you're a spy.
Jdzspace::yeah, well i don't like your face.
Spartan1705::i don't like your user name, it reminds me of hitler
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Just kidding. I am relatively pleasant.
kahl1212::why not?
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Im not very pleasant either.
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Not true.
Jdzspace::well that has always been true, and surprises nobody
RaidersCelticsRedsox::how did u write F without it being blocked out?
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::I agree. What kind of idiot would do such a thing.
Jdzspace::i'm sorry, but the words "spammers" and "talent" don't belong in the same sentence.   it doesn't take talent to harass people and type the same thing and paste it over and over and over again.   it's just ignorant
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Because the few spammers that are left have talent.
Jdzspace::then how are the spammers able to do what they do?
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::No they are still on the job.
Jdzspace::the mods ban people? i figured they were just letting people go do what they want. isn't that why the spammers have been taking over the boards?
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::.
Jdzspace::like this $@%!$@%. ..well that didn't work. lol
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!!!
Southern Black MegaChurch Preacher aka A PIMP::Jdzspace = doesn't understand Philly will win the Atlantic and that Boston will finish as a 7th seed...at best.
Spartan1705::nobody likes to talk about the 76ers because they're uncool and have a dumb name.
Spartan1705::that's what I said, with just slightly different words.  i like metaphors
Jdzspace::no, nobody likes to talk about the Sixers because they aren't a very good basketball team. they are young, and they are exciting to watch. but they are a threat to nobody
Jdzspace::please, the Sixers won't win the atlantic. they are up 3 games 18 games deep. there is nothing pointing to them being able to keep it for the next 48 games. the C's will win the Atlantic like we always do.
Jdzspace::no, just the usual complete lack of respect for what any player did in college since it means absolutley nothing on the pro level
Dwayne_Johnson23::You mad bro?
Jdzspace::no, 5 greatest COLLEGE players in his COLLEGE. . . not of all time. the greatest college player of all time doesn't even rank among the top 1000 players in NBA history.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Elton Brand = 5 greatest players of all time
Jdzspace::OH GOD, please get off the college stick .
RaidersCelticsRedsox::factly fact.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Well hold on.  They do have Elton Brand
Dwayne_Johnson23::You don't understand that the Sixers aren't a threat to ANYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Barring no major injuries, i think Boston will go on quite a nasty little run and take either the 3rd seed or the 4th seed.
Spartan1705::yeah maybe they'll earn a spot on the podium
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Still not to sure about the Sixers.
Jdzspace::play good teams tough, but never do anything else  i was going to say just for the Pacers, but that is true for both teams
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Or the Hawks.
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Or the Pacers.
Jdzspace::the sixers are 3 games up on us, with 48 games to go. I think we'll catch them easy enough.
Southern Black MegaChurch Preacher aka A PIMP::Boston 7th seed at best
Spartan1705::i like all of my own posts - it makes me feel good
Jdzspace::oh look, another moron who doesn't understand how playoff seeding works.   who likes his own post  what a loser
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::I mean, the last 3 games Boston has started 3 second string players. That means 3 third string players are getting minutes. And they are still winning.  To me this implies a pretty deep and productive bench.
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Actually they were only missing two starters in one of those games..but the point still stands.
Jdzspace::I think that Ray and Rondo going down was the best thing that could have happened for us. it forced Pierce to play to the level we are accustomed to seeing him play. and it has given Moore and Avery a ton of minutes and experience to build confidence.   great turn of events for the C's
Spartan1705::why does boston like deep-throat benches?
Jdzspace::very much so
Spartan1705::the celtics are only good at basketball... so one dimensional
RaidersCelticsRedsox::man if shaq and rondo were healthy in heat series we win number 18 last june.
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::I like this years bench for Boston better than other years.
RaidersCelticsRedsox::it made no sense...he did great for us last year! and we got rid of him for keyon? doesnt make sense...d west is wayyy better..he must have been a headache off the court or whatever
Jdzspace::I still don't understand why we let D.West go
Jdzspace::me too. we have TWO legit consistent scorers off the bench, and a lock down defensive point guard.   we have never had that. the closest we had was . . . . . well, i guess it was when we had Glen Davis and Tony Allen off the bench. and they were both hot and cold.   I guess Posey and Powe were the last time we had consistent scoring off the bench (not to leave out House of course)
RaidersCelticsRedsox::yes its starting to gel...but still...when we had shaq kg ray pierce and rondo starting last year we were dominating in the east before shaq went down...we would had shaq kg ray pierce and rondo  starting...and baby,d. west, jeff green, jermaine oneal ...thats a crazy bench comin' after that starfilled starting 5....woulda been scary if we could stay healthy..but thats how sports works.
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Kaman would surely help Boston, i just cant see it getting done unless he is bought out. If they really want him gone though, maybe they will buy him out.
Jdzspace::I don't know how likely it is to ACTUALLY happen. But if Danny is serious about doing what is best for the team, this is almost too good to pass up. he can help out the team a lot, and he doesn't have to mess up the core in order to do it.
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::The Heat would also probably want to get in on that bidding.
Jdzspace::doubt it
ThatsGoodSoup7963::YES! Go Celtics! Paul Pierce is straight up killing it lately.
Rondo is the bum of bums::JD  Kaman isn't good on defense.
ZodModule::Who do the Celtics trade to match Kaman's 14 mill?
Jdzspace::he averages over 1.5 blocks, he has a big body, he's 7 feet and he's young.   KG can teach him the rest.. . . . he's an almost perfect fit for Boston
Jdzspace::there's that too. who better to play on the Celtics! :p
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::And hes white.
Nico Apici::Celtic have the deepest bench in the league
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::They were already over the cap, correct?
Jdzspace::i'm not sure, but i think so
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::The question i had earlier when talking about Jeff Green, was if Boston would get an exception for the 9 million they arent going to pay for Green.
Jdzspace::yes
Rondo is the bum of bums::d I didon't want to give up anyone for caveman.
Jdzspace::dude, F you. I would give up JO,Dooling and Wilcox for Kaman in a HEART BEAT. i would even toss in our rookie and a few draft picks.   he is a 11/8/1.5 player  i would take that with both hands, QUICK
Jdzspace::our biggest struggle is with rebounding not to mention scoring from the 5 spot.   Kaman fixes one of those issues and vastly helps with the other
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::And nobody in there right mind is going to take Oneals 6 mil. salary.
Jdzspace::dude, it's expiring. which means it's 6mill of cap space. that is why it is attractive.   no it isn't if you want to actually play him, but if cap space if your goal. then yes, it makes sense
RaidersCelticsRedsox::just watched heat vs. knicks recap....man, lebron and dwade were putting on a dunking clinic...those boys were throwin it down hard and so many lob dunks it looked like it i was watchin globetrotters vs generals....those guys will be tough in the playoffs they are relentless when they want to be...
Flop City::Gary Washburn: #celtics will pursue Chris Kaman if he is bought out by the #hornets but not by trade
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Thats the only way it could work. Boston simply cannot add a 14 mil. player.
Jdzspace::trade machine says we could do it. and it would go a LONG way to helping the Celtics this year and beyond
Jdzspace::where did you read that?
Flop City::Twitter.
Why White Folks NightClubs Always Play Usher Songs::K.G. = Starvin Marvin from South Park in Real Life Form
RaidersCelticsRedsox::wow thats messed up!!!!
Flop City::Kaman: Hornets are asking for draft picks, cap space and a young player," one executive says.
Flop City::O'Neal, Dooling and Wilcox are not young players. lol
Jdzspace::there you go, draft picks, cap space with the expiring and a couple of young players . the Celtics can easily pull that off
Rondo is the bum of bums::PP owns all
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::Also, NO would not want that garbage for Kaman.
Jdzspace::think about it.   they are letting him go, because they are not going to have minutes for him because they are giving them to their younger players.   so why would they WANT to get a great player in return? so they could not give minutes to him?   understand yet?
Jdzspace::how many times do i have to say this. they don't WANT anything for him. they are letting him go because they don't have the minutes for him. not because they want to replace him.
Jdzspace::why would they get the best players for him, when they don't have the minutes for him?   how does that make sense?
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::That irrelevant. They have a player that other teams DO want. They will get the best players they can for him. And that garbage in that trade is not going to cut it.
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::That trade works because you supplied enough salary to cover what Boston could not add. Which was what i was saying
Rondo is the bum of bums::If PP plays like this in the playoffs, Boston wins it all.
Jdzspace::forget about Pierce, is our bench players play like this we will win it all.   keep in mind this is all without 35points of production from Rondo and Ray
