schubert1970::Curry didn't need to be in the all-star game, they didn't deserve to have him in their presence
BayAreaFan40::i love it when curry has the ball on a fast break but still pulls up for a 3. usually thats a terrible decision but when curry's that hot i dont think anyone has a problem with that shot
bstallion510::Any shot is usually a good shot for Curry. The dude is that good.
jeff050578::As a GS fan I have to admit I am very impressed by the average Portland fans basketball IQ. I scrolled down a bit and saw mostly intelligent and interesting basketball debate. Many NBA fan bases are not represented well in this types of rooms but Portland fans seem to know their basketball team and even other teams as well. Good luck to you guys and your franchise, not too much luck because you are in the same conference as GS but good luck none the less
confoo::we might not always be good but we do care! =P thanks for the love
davidsan1001::You remind us of us, last year. (GS fan)
Oaktown1029::Warriors are getting much stronger scoring in the paint - if their outside shooting is on (#1 3pt team in the league), they're going to be very dangerous
ETY1019::The best perimeter shooter in the NBA, hands down.  Just like his father was in his time.
jeff050578::SHould have known Curry was going to go off when he tweeted he was locked in before the game started
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Steph balled out of control again tonight. Still gotta work on the defense heading into the playoffs.
bstallion510::The defense looked solid to me in this game. They just need to&nbsp;be more consistent.
HK-47.1::If any player on the Dubs that might be traded it's Clay Thompson. He is a poor mans Steph Curry, just taller and not as good percentage wise. For a two guard he can't get the rim and that kills the Warriors.
bstallion510::Klay is an above average defender and is getting better. You dnt get he toughest defensive assignment on the team if you're an average defender. He gave Kobe a hard&nbsp;time and shut down Harden the last time they played.
HK-47.1::One or two games doesn't make him a good defender. I don't care if he stops LBJ an entire game because the next game he gets schooled by some no name dude.
Oaktown1029::agree with @sjsmeza -Klay is only in his second year - he's a shooting guard, that's what they do. Barnes (and Rush) are the players who should be going to the rim. Klay hopefully develops more consistency in his game but he plays an important role (remember OKC offered Harden and a pick for Klay).
HK-47.1::All the best SG are not just pull up jump shooters. Klay needs an inside game if they want to continue to have Curry and him as the starting back court. .
jeff050578::I like Klay Thompson and think it is way too early in his career to get rid of him. Give him another off season or two to develop his game and to work on driving to the basket. I would like to see H Barnes get some of Thompsons shots for now. Barnes is not afraid to drive to the basket and I would like to see him shoot 10-15 times a game.
sjsmeza::The dubs are not trading klay thompson. The dude just turned 23 and is in his second season in the NBA. Does he need to go to the rim and get fouled more often? Yes, of course, but he'll work on it in the offseason. He has surpisingly become a really good defender. And his shooting percentage(Still pretty darn good) is lower than stephs, everybody's shooting percentage is lower than steph curry's. Stephs the best shooter in the league!
HK-47.1::Your last sentences validates everything I'm talking about. Why have Klay jack up a trey when Curry is the better shooter?  Klay is an average defender as best, hes better then Curry, but hes still average. When Klay plays the three however everything goes down hill from there. He scores less and he D is atrocious.
Ellis_Curry::he will improve at getting to the rim, this is only his second year, and while rush is out he is our best perimeter defender which means he gives us great value, i see where you are coming from but he is overall a positive player
nrcampb::That game was frustrating, but that's okay. From day one this team knew what to expect, and what was expected of them... and they still managed to live up to that expectation and beyond it...   The core of this Portland team is phenomenal to say the least. Aldridge is as consistent as ever in his All-Star playing... JJ Hickson is a Double-Double MACHINE... Batum is having an amazingly Under the Radar career... and we acquired an electrifying Rookie PG who is raking in fans, awards, and records!  I would have loved to of seen the playoffs, but all in all... I am excited for next season. Rip City.
Ill-Blaze::and honestly I'm a little dissappointed with this season I was all for the playoff push it would of been great to make the playoffs but now @ the end of the season and us being out it would of been a whole lot better if we didn't over play our starters and stuck to the original plan on developing our young talent on the bench instead were just now starting to do that
Ill-Blaze::nrcampb - They have got to be plain beat. The minutes they play are barely comparable to the rest of the league.  everyone in the starting line up except hickson are in the top 10 for minutes would of been better to play them adeuate minutes instead of running them into the ground stotts = a less talented version of nate mccmillan in the sense that nate hardly developed talent too but he at least pounded it in the teams head to play defense stotts acts like defense isn't even apart of the game
nrcampb::They have got to be plain beat. The minutes they play are barely comparable to the rest of the league.
Ill-Blaze::hicksons double doubles overshadows his lack of defense witch honestly has hurt us from day one
toggafreggin::biggest all star snub ever
Ellis_Curry::is draymond green expendable? I see a 10 man rotation going forward and with bazemore's devleopment green isn't a part of it... curry thompson barnes lee bogut jack rush bazemore landry ezeli (this is assuming everyone is resigned)
DRoberts1984::Draymond Green is The Warriors best defensive player. He guards Kobe, Lebron, Carmelo, and every star the opposition has. Draymond is also The Warriors enforcer, he does the dirty work. He's Dennis Rodman without the psychological issues
nihkkah::Jack is for sure more important, I say that we try and find ways to keep him. We absolutely need to dump the jefferson/biedrins contracts, but it looks like that we have to wait those ones out.
CrabtreeWasHeld::also green is getting paid 875k...you can't trade him because salaries don't match...you shouldn't release him because he is a capable bench guy that will still be developing...i think there is pretty much no scenario where green is let go unless he is dealt as a throw in in a bigger trade
blackholeson0813::you have rush coming back so as much as i hate to say it jack is expendable in that scenario you let jack go and pay landry his money
CrabtreeWasHeld::makes sense but jack is curry insurance so they need to find a backup pg since jenkins is gone and you got zero draft picks
Ellis_Curry::i think they can resign both of them, because the owners did say we would be given the option to go beyond the luxury line, it would only be for one year, and if any of the following happen it is very possible:  landry accepts player option biedrins declines player option jefferson declines player option  granted none of these scenarios are likely
CrabtreeWasHeld::the thing is...how much are you willing to give landry and jack...landry will opt out of his 4 mill...no way biedrins turns down 9 mill....if a team like toronto throws landry 8 mill a year is it worth it @ that price?  Is jack as valuable at 7-8 mill a year as well?  They are both going to get big raises
CrabtreeWasHeld::i think dubs lose 1 of Landry/Jack in the offseason and maybe both....toronto is said to be going hard after landry this offseason, blazers are tied to jack....i think they gotta hold draymond because he is on a rookie contract and is solid to fill bench
kenny_blanco16::Landry is on a 2 year deal isn't he? Him and Rush
ETY1019::If Toronto is indeed going hard after him, that's tampering.
Ill-Blaze::I think we might go a diff direction and retain maynor and look to improve other positions on our bench for 1 maynors cheaper and has done well so far especially when he's on the floor with lillard and allows lillard to play off the ball
amiller244::I know this sounds bad as a blazer fan, but I wouldn't mind seeing us just focusing on playing the young guys as much as possible and forget about the longshot playoff push. I would rather see Leonard and Barton get good minutes and maybe sacrifice a chance for a few more wins instead of going all out for a slim chance to earn the right to get slaughtered by the spurs in the first round and forfeit our draft pick to Brooklyn.
amiller244::I don't think Hickson is going to get huge money, but if we knew he was probably gonna go, getting a 2nd round pick is better than him leaving in FA for nothing. To be honest if we can still sign him for fairly cheap, I wouldn't mind bringing him back on a 2 or so year contract while Leonard develops, rather than lose him and throw Leonard in the starting lineup. He's looked good lately but isn't ready to start yet. Hickson may not be a true center but he can rebound a lot better than most centers out there, and also Aldridge. We definitely can't just dump him and rely on Aldridge as our main rebounder.
Ill-Blaze::why barton? he will no doubtedly end up playing a huge portion in the d leagues he's too raw offensivley and defensivley to be playing in the nba leonard is looking good claver and freeland need more minutes
Ellis_Curry::your team has a bright future, if they can get a longterm guy to play in the backcourt with lillard, your team looks great:  lillard, sg, batum, aldridge, leonard maynor, mathews, 3?, hickson, 5?  an 8 man rotation is pretty good (i'm not familliar with the rest of your team to fill in the blanks)
Ill-Blaze::amiller244 - I agree, the only problem is that Hickson isn't a true center and he'd rather sign for bigger money to start with someone else than back up Aldridge or Leonard. If he leaves in the offseason I'll be kinda pissed that we didn't trade him during the season for better bench players knowing he would probably cash in with another team in FA after the solid season he's had.  ummm you might be surprised that he isn't gonna get huge money alot of teams were offering second round draft picks for him @ the deadline his defense is the reason why he won't get paid a huge amount of money
Ill-Blaze::mathews is great he can play lock down d at times and is our strongest perimeter defender
amiller244::I agree, the only problem is that Hickson isn't a true center and he'd rather sign for bigger money to start with someone else than back up Aldridge or Leonard. If he leaves in the offseason I'll be kinda pissed that we didn't trade him during the season for better bench players knowing he would probably cash in with another team in FA after the solid season he's had.
amiller244::Also the fact that giving Hickson heavy minutes won't do us much good for the future since he's probably gonna leave in the offseason.
CrabtreeWasHeld::getting denver in the first round isn't good...it's better than san antonio or okc but i want LAC
Ill-Blaze::denvers wouldn't be that hard foul em and they have no chance they are horrible @ the line
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::Memphis? thats the team the Warriors should be the most afraid of lol
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::true. i just think we have a chance to beat denver in oakland at least...doesnt matter for memphis though
CrabtreeWasHeld::im more afraid of the team that is 33-3 @ home
CrabtreeWasHeld::nuggets are 33-3 @ home..it isn't right
CrabtreeWasHeld::we lost season series 3-1 to Denver, are down 2-1 to OKC with 1 game to go...I'd take memphis or LAC over both
Ellis_Curry::we beat okc, if you need a reminder, curry had the game winning steal^
CrabtreeWasHeld::SFWildcard - My bad,  but do you guys really think we can beat OKC, because if you believe that we can beat them , then we can win it all  i dont think we can...but even if they somehow do...you gotta go through san antonio and get that 0-29 monkey off your bank @ SA and win 2 games there
Ellis_Curry::nah, not this year but next year with rush, and an extra year for thompson, bogut, and barnes anything is possible
SFWildcard::My bad,  but do you guys really think we can beat OKC, because if you believe that we can beat them , then we can win it all
SFWildcard::yeah but at least we won one against Denver, the Warriors havent showed anything at all that they can beat OKC
Ellis_Curry::denver is way too athletic, id rather play okc and see if westbrick can beat us cuz we would have to focus on durant
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::Id rather have OKC, we just dont match up well against Denver...AT ALL
SFWildcard::OKC? , I d rather have Denver than the defending western conference champions
CrabtreeWasHeld::i know..me too..that's what i said...i don't want denver though...they are amazing @ home.
ragan921::I don't really watch Portland. Do they use a different strategy in the second half? Or does Hickson just not do well. What he does in the first half, 70% or NBA players would love to get those numbers in a whole game. He is on my fantasy team and I always get excited durign the first half of Portlands games thinking that this could be the day he goes monster in both halves, but the only number that moves is his minutes. If his minutes are moving he is apperantly on the court, but what is he doing, Just standing there?
Ill-Blaze::second half usually is lillard or aldridge sometimes both playing hero ball
DucksRUNPac12::Well good luck the rest of the way, would be cool to see GS make a run, i'll root for ya guys, later.
dreamhax::i wish bazemore would play more. oh and every time jefferson comes in the game he does something productive.
thomascedill::Baze is going to be good and I hope he plays well in the playoffs. Jefferson is usually on it or off. Tonight he had a NICE alley oop dunk!
ImAWitness06::bazemore is not ready for extended minutes yet
DRoberts1984::He's the best defender in terms of him guarding the guard position but in terms of overall best defender... that title goes to Draymond Green
dreamhax::i dunno. he's the warriors best defender though.
thomascedill::Carl Landry 25 points off the bench. He's been hot lately!
ImAWitness06::Curry needs to average a little over 4 3pt a game the rest of the season to break Ray Allens regular season record
DRoberts1984::Post All-Star game Curry is Averaging 4.0 made 3s with 8.5 Attempts at .468 %
thomascedill::Nice I think he can do that too
TheJTram::That's pretty damn hard...even for Curry. Like 8-10 3 pointers attempted a game just to get that.
ImAWitness06::average is 3.3 a game.  4.13 is what he needs to average
TheJTram::oh...well then yeah he can do it
ImAWitness06::less than one of his season average
CrabtreeWasHeld::42 wins...guaranteed winning season.  Joe Lacob's 1st
thomascedill::Warriors remaining schedule is looking good, only tough games remaining are [ EDIT ]vs OKC, @ LAL, and vs. Spurs.
CrabtreeWasHeld::agree with everything but the LAL part
Ill-Blaze::thomascedill - Haha, good point; the Lakers suck. 2nd game of B2B though thats why.  glad they suck honestly there talent says they should be the number 1 team I don't think d antoni even knows how to use the pieces he has rofl
thomascedill::Haha, good point; the Lakers suck. 2nd game of B2B though thats why.
NoThanks2U_26::Great win for the Blazers. Leonard was on fire! 39pts, 10 rebounds, 6 assist and a 1 block! Rookie of the year
tman8010::Uh....Blazers lost...what world are you in?
TheJTram::I think morale wins count as "wins" =l
SB4LlFE::free jamba juice if W's kept blazers under 100?
mcceas::makes me poop
TheJTram::Huh that looks like the blowouts we get all the time lol....Im serious we get blown out by everyone except the Wizards  &lt;.&lt;
DucksRUNPac12::Remember the game vs the Hornets right before the all star break? lol lost by like 40.
DucksRUNPac12::Don't get how the blazers will get so hot and play so well, then get destroyed by the NBA's worst teams. Is this Stotts or what?
TheJTram::Pfft we lost at least 30+ to the Pacers on back to back games. They also swept us...again lol
IversonDaGreatest3::Jesus 125 points,are the Blazers even trying anymore on defense....
vanorbus12::The Warriors were just hot.
RickeyHenderson2008::good to keep pace with all playoff contenders for the last 3 spots, and awesome to see the lakers hold down the 9th spot
nihkkah::Good win, no worries Blazers a little more depth and you'll be a solid team, but don't take Jack from us...
DucksRUNPac12::Meyers Leonard 22 and 10 is enough for a moral victory....smh
Ill-Blaze::at least a couple of our rookies are improving thats enough of a win for me @ this point I think if we bolster the bench in the off season we could be a contender
thomascedill::Dude can play
CrabtreeWasHeld::he was good...shockingly good
Ill-Blaze::that should improve his confidence he's gonna be solid once he gets the defensive side of the ball down
Ill-Blaze::DucksRUNPac12 - He's been steadily improving. They say C is the hardest position to enter the NBA and be dominant in. Once Meyers puts some more muscle on and gains some weight, gets his footwork down and D....he'll be a monster!  yea c usually takes a few seasons to develop
DucksRUNPac12::He's been steadily improving. They say C is the hardest position to enter the NBA and be dominant in. Once Meyers puts some more muscle on and gains some weight, gets his footwork down and D....he'll be a monster!
ImAWitness06::Rondos 13.7pts 11ast is an overrated double double
CrabtreeWasHeld::ill take 25 and 7 on a western conference playoff team  without 2 hall of famers over 13 and 11 all day
SB4LlFE::he's a stat padder
estevansrey::Steph had to outshine his bother
Drun2400::I'm sure Steph has been doing that his whole life though.
tman8010::Good job Warriors. Keep winning to clinch a playoff berth!
estevansrey::Trying their best not to have to play SA or OKC in the first round
TheJTram::Yall kinda already had the playoffs locked up lol
easyrawlins1::In a fight for the 6 seed though.
Robertx1972::Has anyone heard from Mieson 2000 minus 400 dollars?
easyrawlins1::Nice, W's don't get too many laffers
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::LMAO
BLatham451::Well, there went the second half UNDER play.  FCKIT
Robertx1972::Moron
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::aw cmon a foul? $@%! :)
SFWildcard::WTF next game for the Warriors is not until Wednesday
TheJTram::3 day rest =l Lucky lol
Timdiz85::good
BLatham451::how much time is left?
ragan921::can someone explain to me why Hickson always has a monster 1st half then is hardly seen in the second?
ragan921::I don't really watch Portland.  Do they use a different strategy in the second half?  Or does Hickson just not do well.  What he does in the first half, 70% or NBA players would love to get those numbers in a whole game.  He is on my fantasy team and I always get excited durign the first half of Portlands games thinking that this could be the day he goes monster in both halves, but the only number that moves is his minutes.  If his minutes are moving he is apperantly on the court, but what is he doing, Just standing there?
BaySports 1.1::Should be a bench player, backing up Aldridge.  IMO.
Ill-Blaze::DucksRUNPac12 - He'll get paid this offseason, he'll be someone else's problem. Wish he'd come off the bench though. He'd be a great 6th man.  he won't get as much as you think he will hense the reason why we only had second round pick offers for him @ the trade deadline
BaySports 1.1::He would be good, I just don't think he'd ever accept that, and become disgruntled.
DucksRUNPac12::He'll get paid this offseason, he'll be someone else's problem. Wish he'd come off the bench though. He'd be a great 6th man.
thomascedill::Our bench played so well today. Really helped with Klay in his shooting slump.
BLatham451::GS ought to have the scrubs in now.
thomascedill::Our bench is deep on good nights.
SB4LlFE::scrubs have been in since the 5 min mark of the 4th
easyrawlins1::OUtside of Biedrins no real scrubs.
Timdiz85::they do
Dominican Blue Jays::Borat &gt; Haddadi
Robertx1972::Where is Mieson 2000 minus 400 dollars
CrabtreeWasHeld::can we stop ranking rondo ahead of steph plz..seriously now
thomascedill::Rondo is a great point guard but Curry is very underrated passer and as we all know, he is an elite scorer, something Rondo wishes he could be.
Ill-Blaze::rondo is better then steph lol steph is a great scoring option but rondo is a true pg he makes his team better
CrabtreeWasHeld::steph totally makes his team worst...it's not like he's putting u 27 7 and 5 for 2/3 of the season
ImAWitness06::Celtics are doing just fine without him
SB4LlFE::celtics doing fine without rondo
IversonDaGreatest3::Let's be honest now Rondo is a better passer and defender than Curry,he's still great though
CrabtreeWasHeld::Ill-Blaze - CrabtreeWasHeld - ya but if you take rondo ahead of steph for your team that is some tom foolery  how? defense wins championships and curry isn't really a strong defender and I'd personally would love a floor general in the back court that can make plays as oppossed to a player that can shoot well and score the ball all around play goes to rondo he isn't a one dimensional player  if you think curry is one dimensional then you havn't really seen him play..he is a play maker...he makes his team better...he's also capable of going off every night scoring...he's leading his team without 2 hall of famers to the playoffs as a 6 seed in the west...he can go 20 and 10 or 30 and 7 on any given night while shooting .45, .45 .90
Ill-Blaze::CrabtreeWasHeld - ya but if you take rondo ahead of steph for your team that is some tom foolery  how? defense wins championships and curry isn't really a strong defender and I'd personally would love a floor general in the back court that can make plays as oppossed to a player that can shoot well and score the ball all around play goes to rondo he isn't a one dimensional player
CrabtreeWasHeld::ya but if you take rondo ahead of steph for your team that is some tom foolery
RainingDimes::I'm not even a Warriors fan, but Bazemore is one of my favorite players that isn't very known. I remember that game vs the Clippers where Griffin shot that 3 and hit the side of the back board, Bazemore's reaction was f.ucking hilarious.
Timdiz85::We all love him
SB4LlFE::yup.. clippers went crying after the game about that
TheJTram::I would pay to see Biedrins make 2 free throws....in a row &lt;.&lt;
seaverkyaw::that happened earlier this year
RickeyHenderson2008::order of teams the warriors want to meet in first round, easiest to hardest Clippers Memphis OK city Denver SA
thomascedill::Warriors &gt; LA (both)
Kobelies247::Id LOVE LOVE LOVE to watch GS play the Clips in the first round~!
TheJTram::Clippers cant defend the perimeter well so good match up for the Dubs
RickeyHenderson2008::yep closest one to a toss up for the warriors
Kobelies247::Youre an idiot
RickeyHenderson2008::your brilliant
Kobelies247::Warriors lucky we didnt have LA!   LOL jk
SFWildcard::Garbage time and still no Biedrins
Drun2400::I'm sure he doesn't mind getting free courtside seats to watch the game and collect a paycheck.
davidsan1001::He doesn't look too happy.  Money only gets you so far.
Robertx1972::Can portland still cover the plus 10
scopiefun21::No. -10 is good
BaySports 1.1::Hate saying this, but time to lose as many as possible Portland.  Develop the young guys, get a better lottery pick.  :(
DucksRUNPac12::This could be Key time to Develop Meyers into starter material for next year, and turn Claver into a servicable bench wing.....
Ill-Blaze::yea I totally agree
BaySports 1.1::Yep, all we can do now is try that this year.  Plus we have some cap space to sign a couple solid guys.
