No Name::I am a big Trey Burke fan but there are 5 elements of his game that he must improve or he will become a NBA journeyman real quick. (1) He must improve his defense because right now he is awful. He is not defending well on the ball and everyone runs him off of screens with ease. He has got to learn to fight through those screens. (2) His selection must improve.  He is too depended on three pointers and he doesn't get in the lane enough and attack the rim. (3) He must get stronger physically so he can finish at the rim and get to the foul line more. (4) He has to become more consistent.  One night he looks great and the next night he looks like a scrub. (5) He and his father need to sit down this summer with Isiah Thomas and get some pointers on how he can use his size in the NBA to be more effective.  The better point guards like Lillard, Paul, Parker and Curry are getting him alive when they see him.
Tully::This did not look like a game between the first and last place Western Conference teams.  Keep on truckin' Jazz.
Ghost::The Jazz are moving in the right direction. Hang in there fans.
Curtis::Hey MR. Not cool. The Jazz are the up and coming Spurs and with Trey Burks starting they have been winning 60% of their games. With the bad start and all the Jazz will still win 40 games at the current winning percentage. We have Mr Lindsey as our general manager who worked with the Spurs for several years and he has done a great job so far and is trying to get the Jazz in the same position the Spurs are wiithout tanking and like the Spurs did in the past to get Duncan. The Jazz will win tonights game by 3 points. Its to bad in a couple of years that the Spurs will be in the bottom of the league when Duncan leaves. I guess the Spurs can on purpose TANK again and get the number one draft pick.  You have a great team but that will not last forever.  When the Jazz are on top in a couple of years and the Spurs are on the bottom, I will not write a post like the one you just did. My post will say wow, the Spurs have an up and coming team and I look forward to watching the game.
Anton::Jazz exposed the Spurs as pretenders tonight. Utah didn't even play their best player Hayward and they lost by 4 only in San Antonio. Spurs will exit Round 1 against the Rockets.
Marilyn::man this espn crew is boring.  they add no nothing to the game.  makes you wonder how john and brent barry are even brothers.
Prentis P::Dam...pop.. Your ego and dislike for baynes almost got our azzes kicked when we had this on cruise control.... Kanter was killing #$%$ are you serious #$%$... He was in heaven under the goal with this dude.. Stop bullshitting and let this young man play dammm pop... Gg..jazz... Alot of talent over there...
Steven::nba countdown s funny the intro where doris burke Jalen rose and avery Johnson walk in like 3 gangsters. I like it but its not better than tnt with barkley.
Eric::Wow Mr. spoken like a true spurs fan. the no respect factor, the "no disrespect", anyone that writes no disrespect is doing just that......(no disrespect). what do you want 25 minutes every night on sports center? Sorry, Duncan doesn't sell cat food, shoes, sprite or whatever else LBron is selling these days. why cant you just enjoy one very good spurs team and let the rest of us enjoy our teams.
Guest::Can you at least keep this game close. All these blowouts are getting boring. GSG!!
