Chad Wiggins::+10 plus minus.. 3 for 4… 8 points  and 2 assist… in 8 min… so of course it makes sense to sit him for some one who's 0 for 6 and as well as the kings being -8 with him on the floor
George Jimas::i say we only win this one if jimmer gets us that crucial 6 points in 15 minutes again. that was key to our win against portland. if he doesnt play that good again, we lose. this team lives and dies around jimmer, if anyone cant see that than they are blind.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I assume your being sarcastic lol.
Earl Henstra::You can't say that... haven't we learned that Jimmer's poor play is everyone else's fault.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Earl Henstra I find it hilarious when i hear from people who state the usual like " well if jimmer played more then 10 mins kings would have won the game" So by their logic, if jimmer plays more then 10 mins ( averaging 10.8  mins as of today) The kings automatically win games, and become a playoff team. LOL always a good laugh.
Chad Wiggins::isiah walking away from the huddle while malone was talking… gray tries to grab him, and he pushes him off to… i know ur having a rough game, but the team has been dominant… not the best time to make it about u
Kevin Shaffer::sorry I'm not watching the game but I'm just curious why did they take Jimmer out in the 4th quarter and replace him with Isaiah Thomas? Jimmer was playing a lot better from what I was seeing.
Jolene Murphy Campbell::I'm in the same boat. Can't see the game here but wondering why you keep a guy in that's given you 9 pts. in 36 min's while his back up has 11 in 13 mins.   Makes no sense -- especially if the backup is someone you're trying to market for a good trade.  Do these people understand anything?
Chad Wiggins::cousins and fredette are really playing good together.. never thought that would come out of my mouth
Jolene Murphy Campbell::Actually, I think it came out your fingers not your mouth--- just to be technical.
Chad Wiggins::Jolene Murphy Campbell i was about to put that… :-)
Tommy Riley::Why keep playing Thomas, when Jimmer is 3-5 with 8 points in only 8 minutes.
Chad Wiggins::4 for 6 in 11 min with 11 points and 3 assist…  the answer is, thats what gets done in sacramento
David Franson::Tommy Riley, because no matter how bad of a game IT is having, he will still get his quota of minutes.  Guy shoots 2 for 13 with 4 turnovers, yet still gets 36-37 minutes of PT.  Kings won big, so his play didn't hurt them necessarily, but it still doesn't make much sense.
Keith Dennis::Well we are playing another bad team tonight after us beating another very good team.    Kings loss would be the trend I would predict but am hoping that we come out and do what should be done at home.. get a win and give me free tacos!
Master Yodà::IT finished at +13 so therefore he was the best tonight.
Jolene Murphy Campbell::BawHahaha!
Jesse Dixon::Yoda ain't so wise.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I hope ray mccallum gets a chance to play.
Stephen Busath::wow, most of those comments on jimmer were ridiculous. Can we just agree that he played well today. The kings won. There is an argument that he could have played longer today, but no one is saying that they won because of him or that they ever do. I like him, but I think that people talk about him way too much.
Dustin Busath::Its cause he sucks on defense. I say trade him...
Stephen Busath::Oh come on dustin haha, that means trade almost the whole team. And I was saying that both positive and negative comments on him can be ridiculous. They can't trade him anyway, he is gunna be a free agent so no one will take him yet
Matt Mossman::I think referee Violet Palmer may be doing this game tonight. That means the Kings won't get any calls and Cousins gets at least one technical. Just wait and see.
Chad Wiggins::just dont understand why u dont get fredette some with three min left up 20… do u feel a need to let thomas work his self out of his miserable night
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Kings right now are controlling the time wisely = controlling possessions and the game = controlling the outcome.
Chad Wiggins::its hilarious to me that malone runs plays to get mclemore jump shots, and not fredette… one is shooting 34% the other 46%
Chad Wiggins::MONEY
Chad Wiggins::fredettes fun is over now that the starters are on the floor with him… a possession never makes it past two passes
Dawn Norr Burdi::Lay the 7 with the kings. Double digit blowout!
Dawn Norr Burdi::Up 22. Orlando quits now.
Stephanie Rios::anyone know where I can watch this game in NY?
Maria Del Carmen Alvarez::You like it ?
Stephanie Rios::no Eric use my fb profile by accident he thought he was under his
Maria Del Carmen Alvarez::Hahahaha
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Kings win by 9-10 pts.
Keith Dennis::IT was really bad last night and it was good to see Jimmer once again playing aggressively on offense and taking shots without hesitation.    Ugly game but always good to win!   Not sure what IT's issue was but he looked bad in every conceivable way.. from play to body language etc.   Not good.
Kevin Russell::http://kevinrussell7571.wix.com/vipsportspicks
Harold Nations::A meteorite will undoubtedly land on my head for saying this, but Gay has actually been playing well since arriving in Sac.  After this game, he'll be above 50% shooting (average) for the last 11 games.  wouldn't surprise me if that's a career best stretch.
Chad Wiggins::I've never seen announcers get more excited over a players misses than the kings announcers do with thomas… they'd rather watch him miss it, than watch anybody else make it
Richard Joslin::Rudy Gay is now shooting 51.4% from the field as a Sacramento King and averaging 20.6 points per game.
James Belandres::I took the under but both teams play such bad defense maybe they both score 100 despite shooting so terribly all the time
Chad Wiggins::why is marcus freeking thorton and ben mclemore playing over fredette… boggles my mind
