Nich Obert::Fun fact, John Wall has more 10 assist games in 13-14 than Kyrie has since graduating high school.
Taylor Manes::Atlanta knicks chicago Celtics jazz pheniox wizards detroit I don't feel like naming more  oh and Cleveland are tanking for jabari and Wiggins...Who will get the worst record and the number one draft pick?  Too bad  knicks don't have a pick though...and I don't think Atlanta has one either...anyways BE SORRY FOR JABARI
Collin Smith::Why would the wizards tank for wiggins? Wizards are playing well without beal and porter. No logic behind that comment
Tony Ellis::Not a bad problem to have, but...what are the Wizards going to do when Beal & Porter come back? Webster's playing out of his mind.
Leon Debeljak::what will they do? they will insert the best sophmore beside anthony davis back in the starting lineup and countinue to let him average his 20+ppg...martell will move to the bench and porter will play of the bench too...so that means that their bench will improve from the current status...
Justin Taslak::Andre Drummond is the best sophomore (besides Davis), all Beal does is score.
Leon Debeljak::Justin Taslak ok,then top 3...obviously u dont watch beal when u say things like that...drummond is great tho...
Melvin Hall::Lets go Wizards
Justin Taslak::would've been an easy Hawks win had Teague not been so selfish, 16-26 shooting between 'Sap and Horford and Teague goes 5-18. Dude needs to look at his sub-40% shooting and realize his role is as a distributor, not a scorer. Edit: I guess before this game he was at 41% but he'll be at the bottom of 40 after a 5-18 night.
Leon Debeljak::they rely on teague,he's not selfish,he's the only "real" backcourt offensive threat the hawks currently have...don't mention me korver,martin or even carroll because they are just role players playing starter minutes(korver,carroll)...
John Osaki Jr.::Both teams might be sorry, but check out the great Hawks and Washington Bullets Hall of Famers of the past in Domique Wilkins & Bob Pettit, and Wes Unsled and Elvin Hayes in the new edition 2013 book, NBA;s 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Reeves Cox::GO HAWKS! Beat the Wizards! Play great defense, and keep the ball moving. Play like we did in last's night's fourth quarter, not the previous three game's fourth quarter. Ride this momentum to a few more wins in a row at least!
Chad Robb::I drafted Al Horford in fantasy basketball this year. Why is he so bad this year? I figured without Josh Smith he'd be a beast this year.  He's playing like the softest center in the NBA.
Scott Izes::Committed a foul down 5 with .01 left to screw the people who tried to Side the game by laying WASH -3 and ATL +5. FU Shelvin Mack and this crooked league.
Tony Ellis::Yup, Shelvin Mack was totally thinking about obscure bets that people made.
Scott Izes::Tony Ellis Obscure my nutsack! Do you know how much money changes hands on one whistle? Tonight OKC came from way down to beat MIN 113-103. They were favored by 8.5. If that final would have been 111-103 it would mean a lot of money to a lot of people. It's The National Bookie's Association. Pro sports are a business, not a game.
Prince Donald::Ne Ne playing? fantasy stats are hanging in the balance here!
Chris Mccathern::Hawks got this. Shutting Wall down tonight
Nich Obert::Whoopsies.
Nich Obert::Hawks could very well go on a huge run and crush DC, but Wall has 20/10/6 with 4 steals with 8 minutes to go. He isn't shut down.  Wiz are great at blowing leads though, I'd guess its in the bag for ATL
Jacob Dockter::how are the wizs faved in this game wiht beal out
Scott Izes::So they can rob you when you take the only side common sense tells you to take.
Jacob Dockter::Scott Izes lol yeah. thats why i didn't bet on this game. i did bet on the bulls though so it didnt work out. luckly for me, fresno state -4 and greenbay -5.5 won so i had a great day overal.
Mike Woolley::Hawks really stinking it up...
