Josh Schwartz::Come ON, Sixers. With or without Carter, you should be winning some of these games! The entire Atlantic division sucks, so it's up for grabs. You have the best coach and the best young talent in the division, so go out there and PERFORM! The Celtics are laughable right now, the Nets were vastly overrated and are garbage, the Knicks have Carmelo and nothing else, and the Raptors still have no one on their roster that I can name (minus Rudy Gay). Get it done, Philly.
James Slim::The Knicks would be better off with nothing than Anthomy and nothing else
Scott Carter::Is the whole Atlantic division trying to tank in hopes of landing Wiggins?
Yazmin Ail::Philly sucks
Tony Ellis::I honestly think that both of these teams have at least a decent shot at the division. Of course, it would come with about 40 wins and an embarrassing first round loss to whoever the 5 seed is. But Philly is a cohesive unit who plays together as a team very well, and has a lot of talent in MCW, Young, Turner, and Hawes. The only thing that might happen is the starters getting burned out as the season goes on, because the team has such a poor bench.  The Raptors, on the other hand, are actually underachieving greatly in my eyes, particularly Valanciunas and Amir Johnson. If the two of them can get their act together, Rudy Gay continues to play well, and Lowry stays healthy, then a .500 record is most certainly in reach, especially in the East.
Joseph Evans::Dear Raptors (and fans), I think I speak for all my Sixers fanbase to tell you that we would like you (and the other teams in our division) to utterly destroy us for the next 5 months. We played respectable basketball for 3 weeks, now it is time to tank for Wiggins (or Parker or Randle), your team our paper is more equipped to make the playoffs then we are. Good luck and please don't hold back from annihilating us.    Regards,  A hopefully optimistic 76er fan.
Corey Beaumont::Carter is playing tonight, which will help 76ers end their 3 game loosing streak. Also checked BetBuckets.com and they have 76ers winning straight up.
Brandon Tigues::what's gotten into derozen these last few games? dude's been on a scoring rampage and he's been efficient while doing it
Tony Ellis::Man, Mo Williams is pretty talented to be playing for both the Sixers AND Blazers right now.  (ESPN, fix your s***.)
Rob Soldo::If Hawes keeps this form up all season he should be in running for most improved. He is getting Philly back in this one.
Jason Rosenbaum::Man, I hope MCWsanity isn't over already :(  Hawes is going off, though.
Aleksandar Naumovski::What happend to Hawes? it`s bad?
Jesse Breedlove::where is thad young??
