Hasan Braco Mujakic::It's hard to watch a basketball game when you have Melo and J.R. on a floor. It's like watching streetball mixtapes... And Mike Woodson can draw only one play after the timeout: You inbound the ball to Melo... God forbid you design a play when you can get an open shot. Ball movement is so bad that Amare looks like a total scrub and he's not that, even with injuries. Do you remember his first year in NY? How many times he would get a great assist for an easy dunk? That can't happen in this system so he's forced to go one on one like anyone else, and that makes him look terrible... Melo, please opt out of your contract and leave New York after this season, when you get back you will be booed there just like you've been booed in Denver. And, please fire Woodson. He should coach the Nets, he invented Iso-Joe...
GB Knicks::Hasan u r on point
Ken Ferriello::I agree with you 100%. . My friend what play did you expect. Melo ran that iso Melo play 2o times already. Did you expect anything different.
Hasan Braco Mujakic::Go Spurs. Those guys dunk once a year, but they play best team ball on the planet.
Mason Wesley Lloyd::It's pretty funny how many Knicks fans were talking sh-t about the Nuggets this offseason. Thanks for the draft pick, NY.
John Panagiotidis::But Denver still sucks and we have Znelo so we will always have a shot and you won't.
Dakota Hahn::John, that must be why you guys are 3-11 and we're 8-6...we're still the better team *shrug*   Have fun in the lottery!...oh wait...
John Panagiotidis::Ok so you can predict the outcome of the season 14 games in. It's a game and season if runs and streaks. No secret.
Vontravius Williams::Good job melo. Keep shooting your team out of games. Knicks might not win 25 games this year with melo playing like this. Trade this bum to the Bobcats and make him suffer even more for the rest of the year.
Seal Rchin::I know MJ is a horrid GM, but come on, even he will not do that.
Luc Whissell::He's suffering more playing for the Knicks than he would with the Bobcats.
Seal Rchin::So Melo is 6 for 16 with ZERO assists.  PERFECT.
Danny Leavitt::Melo will take that as a win. He got his points.
Seal Rchin::I have been saying that for YEARS, as long as he gets his so the media can not blatantly blame him...........he is OK with that.
GB Knicks::So right Danny. Melo got his so  he dont care.H
Ken Ferriello::Seal Rchin As Melo would say." I got Mines"
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Oh and... Ty Lawson > Melo
Kiechel Valentine::I'm glad Melo got "to go home" to New York even though he's from Baltimore. Can't believe they've sucked since he forced his way there. My Nuggets are better off without him.
Tracey Johnson::Wait you do know Knicks went to the 2nd round last year and they weren't even a play-off team till he came. They also won their division for the first time in I don't remember how many years, but I will give you that they really suck this year.
Seal Rchin::Tracey Johnson I don't think Melo was paid to go to the second round. Dude LeBron was attacked for not winning a ring...............you are talking about a second round.
Tracey Johnson::Seal Rchin your misunderstanding what I was saying he was talking about the Knicks have been trash since Caemelo came I am just saying they were trash before he came but they have been pretty good since came actually making the play-offs and did really good last year but suck this year
Danny Leavitt::This is gong to get ugly early on.  New Nuggets 120 Nuggets Rejects 89
Graeme Phillips::this made me lol for reals
Marco Paz::Ahahahahah omg. Good one sir.
Scott Carter::"BOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!" -Melo's introduction  "LOOOOOOOOL!!!" -rest of knicks introduction
Michael J Ortiz::God Denver raped Knicks in that trade.
David Richards::explain how did that happen Wilson and mozgov? gallinari cant stay healthy he done smh
Tommy Wrzesinski::Nuggets also got the Knicks unprotected first round pick this year.  That alone looks like it makes the trade a win the way the knicks are playing
Michael J Ortiz::And had he stayed he would have most likely kill the growth of Lawson and Faried. Considering he's a iso ball hog.
Brian Robbins::I don't always shoot 7-19...well...actually I do ~ Melo
Saravana Amalan Kulasingham::J.R. Smith should be in the D-League
Jazmine Ortiz::join his brother
Gary Wheatley::that frickin smile and smirk look on Carmella
Danny Leavitt::He acts like his team is winning. They are not. LeBron doesn't smile when his team is losing. That's the difference.
Luc Whissell::The other difference is that Lebron is a good player.
Andrew Wolfe::I hope the Knicks tank because Denver get's their 1st round pick!!!!
David Tesler::Protected or not?  If they tank dead last, would Knicks give up the first pick to Denver?
Andrew Wolfe::David Tesler I believe so. Another team gets the worse of the two 1st round picks between Denver and New York. Denver gets the better.
Mason Wesley Lloyd::David Tesler Aye, the Magic get the worst of the two draft picks between Denver and NY, meaning if the Nuggets do better than the Knicks, we'll get the Knicks draft pick and the Magic will get ours. It's probably worth noting that way down the line, we could pick up their 2016 first rounder too. It's the trade that just keeps on giving.
Dennis Lynch::Carmelo is the poorest excuse for a superstar I've ever seen. Never gets it done
Ken Ferriello::He is not a superstar. The only thing he does is score alot of points and that's only because he takes the most shots in the league.
Glenn Confessore::It could be worse ! They could have the highest payroll in basketball and a 4-12 record and a rookie coach
Glenn Confessore::oh yeah and get blown out every other game
Auriston Peabody::Do they plan on winning more than 3 games this year..cause they don't look like they can
Danny Leavitt::The Knicks could care less about winning they are only about individual stats. So glad we don't have to watch the show anymore in Denver.
Ken Ferriello::Danny Leavitt Why are all u Denver fans happy he is gone.  I see that and tells me I would love to have a better shooting superstar in his place.
Floyd Hicks::Danny Leavitt  What stats ? Ain't no stats.
Jacob Sharar::Can Ty Lawson get some mutha freakin credit? He's been carrying this team and their high flying offense for 3 years and keeps getting better. sooooooo underrated, unguardable at times.
Luc Whissell::Come on Knicks, you can win the battle of New York...Brooklyn lost...you can do it!!!!!!! LLLLMMMAAAAOOOO!!!!!
Brandon Tigues::what the hell? 1 on 1 with about 13 seconds to go and that's the shot you come up with..he could've took it to the basket or even attempted the 3 for the win and he decides to shoot a fadeaway jumper against 6'4 randy foye.
Ken Ferriello::Your right but Melo would have missed a 3. He had a mismatch. Iso-Melo he ran that play 20 times tonight.  Hit only 38%. The odds were that he would miss.
Brandon Tigues::Ken Ferriello  there was a good chance he would've missed but also a good chance he would've made it, the point I was trying to make was..if your going to attempt a jump shot in that situation why not make it a game winner? why get so close to the basket just to attempt a fadeaway jumper when you could've easily took it to the basket for the quick tie.
Ken Ferriello::Brandon Tigues I have to agree with you again. I also want to know why Melo gets the last shot. With 40% shooting average. I would have shot a  3  with Bargnani. He shot 63%. He could not get the ball out of Melo and JR's hands the whole 2nd half.
Gary Wheatley::wow  every time Mello gets it he has only one thing on his mind.  everyone else just stands around cause they know what he is going to do
Danny Leavitt::JR will do the same thing
Ken Ferriello::yup
Andrew Krastins::A Knicks November to not remember. It has to be on of their worst months in franchise history and there have been some pretty bad ones.
Andy P Kordyban::Knicks on pace to finish 17-65 this year. Probably will get them the 8 seed.
Erik Anthony Bell::What a lousy last shot by Melo. He shouldn't even get paid for this stink bomb of a game...
Andy P Kordyban::Better effort by the Knicks. However 3-12 is still 3-12.
Ken Ferriello::They shot 41% . I see no improvement except that Denver had a bag game also.
Andy P Kordyban::the Knicks not losing by double digits is improvement.
Ronnie Duke::so who is more waste...new york or brooklyn?
