KyleFurtner::I keep seeing people bringing up the FT differential...just an FYI, when you're shooting a $@%! ton of jumpshots...you aren't going to go to the line very often
KyleFurtner::I need to take an IQ test to see how much it dropped after reading Russel's posts below
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::lol nugs gunna get 2 3rth scede i think!  just my 2 sense tho
KyleFurtner::I agree
Bucks.fan.for.real::Huge game by Dalembert but bad shooting night for Ellis and Jennings.
Bucks.fan.for.real::Once again Bucks blow a huge lead and lose.  How many times have we seen this??  They could be at least 29-18 if they knew how to keep a 15+ point lead.  Ridiculous.
Big boy2223654::nugget fans on behalf of huge bucks fans everywhere i apologize once again for the antics of buckspackers23
Bucks.fan.for.real::You aren't a true Bucks fan then.  Bucks should have won.  Can't believe they let this one slip away.
jayeteee::Because he apologized for a d.ouche that spammed the board w/ smiley faces??? LOL. You're an idiot.
jayeteee::Forget about it. We know it's just a troll.
Young_Guruu::Nawh, this dude was the troll trolling buckspackers23. This dude is a creeper.
emthomasjr::The Nuggets look like they are getting to the point where many said they would be at the start of the season.
RusselWilson Loves God::No.. this is the team they thought they'd be. it's just the home games played have caught up to the road games played finally. They had a huge road stretch early in the season and now have had some long home stretches.
diehardnr1::so you think Nuggets should have to play a road heavy schedule ALL the time? Of course DEN is doing better with a Home  heavy schedule...its got to even out sometime!  Either way you look at it DEN is a MEM loss fromthe 4 seed and gaining on Clipps fast... The difference between this team  and last years is one more year experience and D mind set from Iggy and Wilson. Tebow better than Manning??? Wow...
Young_Guruu::YOU GOT BURNED DOWN BELOW SON.
Ty THE AMERICAN HOPE Lawson::YES SIR!
Bucky Scribner::With points in the paint being equal here (62-60) one has to wonder about the huge disparity in FTA (37-11).  Yes, I watched the game, and the reason the Bucks didn't finish in the 4th was largely due to the defensive pressure by the Nuggets going to a small lineup, and also to Jennings making those 2 crucial TO in the final minutes.  But watching the game, I almost had to laugh as the Bucks were being called for fouls for being not even within 3 feet of the opposing player.
Ty THE AMERICAN HOPE Lawson::sorry bout cha luck, bruh bruh, but you have 2 of the most jump-shot happy players in ellis and jennings combining for 11 of 36. that's what lost the game, not the FT disparity.
Stan Van Gundy for Nuggets coach 2013::bj3 &amp; monta, 36 shots, 31%.
Bucky Scribner::Yeah, for the season the jump-shot happy Bucks are about -2 FTA per game...not -26
RusselWilson Loves God::I was at this game, and your analysis is pure loser talk. Name one example of this so called phantom foul and ref conspiracy.
Bucky Scribner::Wait, my analysis of the Nuggets increased defensive pressure in the 2nd half, by going to a small lineup is loser talk?  Ok, whatever
jayeteee::So what legitimate Broncos fan said Tebow was better than Manning, troll? It's funny how you call out people for not responding, and when they do, and actually confront you, you got no reply. Then you wonder why you're referred to as a troll.
RusselWilson Loves God::Who am I kidding... this is coming from the sports town that argues that Tim Tebow is a better QB than Peyton Manning. Bunch of nuts in the thin air.
Handyf1000::Hi
detroitpistonsarethebest::ouch... that was nice
jayeteee::LOL. Hit and run troll's response:  *crickets*
diehardnr1::Bazinga!
KyleFurtner::lol that was funny Jayeteee
Ty THE AMERICAN HOPE Lawson::bahahaha!
jayeteee::In that case, I'll take 2 double cheeseburgers, a coke, and a small fry.
RusselWilson Loves God::Some of us have actual work to do, jeyeteeeeeee.
jayeteee::Really, smart guy? What legitimate Broncos fan said that? Now remember, your troll buddies don't count.
RusselWilson Loves God::I love that I ask for actual dialogue on why the Nuggets are a better team this year as I keep hearing, and I just get called a troll and no one answers. Your silence is condemning.
charlie hustle bets the over::why am i even responding to this?  almost all of gallo's stats are up from last year, even given his horrendous start. have one of the best on-ball defenders in AI9. KK has become an extremely reliable 5. top 3 in the association in ppg, rebounds, and assists. won't be playing 5 vs lakers' 5 + 3 refs in the first round.
charlie hustle bets the over::you asked why nuggets will do better this year than last.  my answer is correct. and if you're suggesting the phantom calls that kb24 gets are legitimate, then you have truly outed yourself as queen troll.
jayeteee::I think he gave the losers excuse so you'd feel right at home, Russel.
RusselWilson Loves God::Oh... so it's the refs fault? That's a loser's excuse... wow...
Pusherman3::Nuggets flipped the switch.  Nice work.
RusselWilson Loves God::The Nuggets have always played great at home. They've always been bad on the road. How is this year any different? I fail to see it, folks.
charlie hustle bets the over::nuggets were above .500 on the road last year.
RusselWilson Loves God::Seahawks had the same issue your Nuggets do. Great at home, suspect on the road. It bit them in the playoffs.
I prefer boxers over briefs::Ya - the Seahawks were awesome in the playoffs too.  And how's Seattle's basketball team doing?  Oh ya - you don't have one.
RusselWilson Loves God::Though I suppose being in Denver, you're used to teams losing quickly in the playoffs. See also the 2013 Broncos/Ravens game.
RusselWilson Loves God::How am I troll? I'm just pointing out that the Nuggets have been this team you're seeing for a long time. If you're ok with a team that loses quickly in the playoffs, that's fine. I keep hearing how much better the Nuggets are this year than last, but there's nothing to back it up. What's wrong with trying to get an answer to that question?
jayeteee::Are you trying to correct a troll on a mission? Sorry, charlie. :)
I prefer boxers over briefs::Russel's just trying to get attention.  If we ignore him, he'll eventually go away.   Fact.
jayeteee::Good, then look elsewhere.
RusselWilson Loves God::Nuggets do this every year. Great at home, mediocre on the road, out quick on the playoffs. There's nothing new to see here, folks.
Manimal_35::looking alot better this year
jayeteee::Thank you, Captain Obvious, at least now we know you're good w/ a mouse.
RusselWilson Loves God::Nuggets are 10-15 away from the Pepsi Center.
charlie hustle bets the over::neither can any other team.
RusselWilson Loves God::I'm open to listening to your reasoning here. Unfortunately you can't play all of your playoff games at home.
Manimal_35::People who claim the Nuggets get superstar calls are angry because their teams blows and they have a superstar
bennnnnba::in two years or so, the knicks went from being god aweful to challenging the heat in the eastern conference standings. in that same time, the nuggets have done more than recover from losing their franchise player. since the start of 2013 it looks like the nuggets have real grit, and george karl really has a feel for maneuvering this lineup late in games (regardless of what we nugget fans say). my point is, we can look back at the melo trade and call it a success story for both sides. im thankful it didnt turn out to be one of these horror story trades.
I prefer boxers over briefs::Melo can kiss my $@%.    GO NUGGETS!!!
Genghis Kittah::Told you not to be surprised if this happened
BurnabyJoeFan::Gallo
Devinhuelsmann::Ty Lawson is a top 10 PG
Devinhuelsmann::My Nuggs are gonna make a run this year.
petergundrum::3423 comments about a Bucks-Nuggets game?  I find that to be funny.
BurnabyJoeFan::The Nuggets are where it's at!
Kobrick chucker cryant::bucks didnt cover? was thsi ajoke?
Scott L Sports::Just another run-of-the-mill rigged NB game. Nothing to see here, move along.
sscolin123::Samuel Dalembert's statline has to be a mistake.  35 and 12?!?
Devinhuelsmann::in like 27 minutes
Dumb Heat fans::Classic example of Stern's corrupt officiating crews.  Too bad the sheeple won't demand a change
charlie hustle bets the over::got some box score heroes up in this joint, as usual. nuggets are the #1 paint scoring team, FACT. think that might have something to do with the fouls?
Mr. BigShot 07::Dumb heat fans, you obviously did not watch the game.
SouthStander132::lol -you sound like a Laker fan
BurnabyJoeFan::Only the Bucks claim the Nuggets get Super Star treatment.  HA!
SouthStander132::Nuggets get to the line a lot cuz they're always in the paint.  Get over it.
Dumb Heat fans::YOU DISAGREE?
sscolin123::^conspiracy theorist in the house
Dumb Heat fans::fts 14-2 4th Q, 37-11 game.   FIXED
diehardnr1::Good Game Bucks.  Very nice team you guys are building...now if only Dalembert was part of the youth movement ... Amazing game by SamDam though...one he will tell his grandkids about next year (jk)  Game Winning Kudos:  Team D and Gallo, who is developing into Mr Clutch, on offense.  All in all a Phew! win caused by 3 quarters of mediocre play and Dal going off like Hakeem...seems like players are always having career or season nights vs DEN  smh  As much as I love the 7 game streak, I think the Nuggets are developing some bad habits that will bite them on the road. They need to break these 3 in a hurry!  1) Coming  out flat in first quarter 2) Playing cat and mouse for 3 quarters 3) Relying on strong 4th Qtr to bail them out  These will not play out well in opponents arenas...as Gallo said post game "We hate to lose for our home crowd"....I want him to be able to say "We love to shut up their crowd" as well!  GO NUGGETS!!!
jayeteee::Still not coming out of time outs w/ any direction either.
thrice1187::agreed, this is a glaring issue. We get beat out of timeouts almost every single time!!
Frankcee78::Great game Bucks , you guys played welll enough to win but came up short . Both these teams are going to be formidible against any team they play in this years playoffs . GO NUGGETS!!!!!!
tomgam::DH fans, just curious --  did you actually watch the game or are you just trying to draw a conclusion from the stat sheet?
Dumb Heat fans::"Came up short" by +8 FGs and -26 fts
Troll_2_Troll::hhhh
stwinin1974::Been following a bet system named Sportsbettingstar the past few months. Ive made around $3000 a month profit the past few months following its picks. You can learn more on this system by searching for sports betting systems on Google
Young_Guruu::goodnight all. see ya on the Bulls Nuggs board :D PEACE!
NobodyBeatsTheWiz07::Thanks
NobodyBeatsTheWiz07::Goodniyte Guru
NobodyBeatsTheWiz07::Me &amp; my husband, 7-year season ticket holders for the Wizards and its been painful to say the least. Truly painful when your such a HUGE thorough fan of a team that is just so unsuccessful. You got teams like the Heat, Thunder, Bulls, Knicks, Nets with ALL that talent and than there's teams like the pistons and wizards and we just have $@%!!!! You'd think these big market teams would be nice enough to donate some of there good players, i'm desperate here, I mean COME ON!!!! Its not fair!!!
Young_Guruu::haha I don't know Patreeky, chicago cubs might have something to say about the future being all encompassing :P
NobodyBeatsTheWiz07::In there conference, that is.
NobodyBeatsTheWiz07::Lol well the Washington Nationals stepped it up BIGTIME in 1 year, like last place to 1st place i think it was
Patreeky::well they still have the future haha, and they we're at least in the playoffs off and on they just never win it all
Young_Guruu::The front office. Unsuccessful drafting and inability to hire a coach and stick with him.
Patreeky::Meh, look at the cavs they're a joke right now but 5 years ago they were one of the premier teams in the league. All it takes is to hit the lotto with that one player, quite literally in the drafting sense
NobodyBeatsTheWiz07::Yeah, i actually liked our last coach alot. I felt like it was ENTIRELY not his fault.. smh just really sucks. We are a joke to the rest of the league
Patreeky::ding ding ding, we have a winner
NobodyBeatsTheWiz07::Didnt mean to write this in this room, sry
NobodyBeatsTheWiz07::lol ok, thnx alot!
Patreeky::the future is pretty all encompassing, so its safe to say sooner or later your team will be decent
Young_Guruu::Yeah, there's always hope. Good luck, I know what its like to be a fan of a consistently bad team that looks to be going nowhere (Broncos after Jake Plummer). But look, we just had a 13-3 season.
NobodyBeatsTheWiz07::@Guru, Yeah good point.. Do you think there is hope in the future for every team though?
Patreeky::Life is not fair, you guys just have to draft well and set up for the future, OKC and SA are small markets and not exactly vaction destinations and yet they got it done. Not every team can be the knicks and lakers.
NobodyBeatsTheWiz07::What would you guys say is our problem?
Young_Guruu::Yeah I feel you. The problem with the NBA is because teams are so small, the amount of really good players is also small. There just isn't enough to go around skill wise. There will always be bad teams while there are good teams.
NobodyBeatsTheWiz07::Nene has been great In my opinion
NobodyBeatsTheWiz07::Its really not fair though..
Patreeky::Guess Nene isnt getting it done out there
Young_Guruu::hahahah. its cool, we still love you.
ZeroDarkTwentyFour::I was browsing the ESPN chat boards looking for the Lakers, Nets game and accidentally ended up in "who gives a shi t about these two teams" land.. Sorry.. Peace
jayeteee::I was looking for someone who created an account within the last week just to troll, and BAZINGA!!!! I found one.....
Jake-Macauley::Considering the Nuggets have a better record than the Lakers and the Nets...
Patreeky::Oh snap he got you guys! Oh, wait, hes insulting an empty board? Well I still think this guy is pretty cool anyways...
will-i_am::look i'm a huge monta ellis fan, buuuuut.....
FrogsterTi::I think it''s cool that the Nuggets never get mentioned on SportsCenter.  Keeps us under the radar and the kids from getting a big head.  What's scary is that San Antonio is never mentioned either.  I only hear about the Knicks, Lebron, Celts, Lakers mostly.
stwinin1974::Been following a bet system named Sportsbettingstar the past few months. Ive made around $3000 a month profit the past few months following its picks. You can learn more on this system by searching for sports betting systems on Google
denverboi1993::So is anything you just said true?
Patreeky::That last sentence sounds believable
NickBenCor::Lmao gallinari elbows a dude in the face, giving him a bloody nose, before he makes the coolest layup of his life.
denverboi1993::Can't believe he made that...
RoidRage1986::If you take old man Miller off this team, Denver is youngest in the NBA.  Future looks very bright. Heck this year they might be able to contend in the West.
will-i_am::if javale mcgee turns out half as insane as he does in 2k13, this team will be unstoppable.
NickBenCor::Gallinari is really turning into an all star.  He had a rough start this year, but I think next year he will be avging 20+ pts and  4reb 3ass
NickBenCor::Are there more of them out there? Those $@%!$@%! are getting sued.... I patented this
MilesAboveYou::What's with the people using pictures of themselves holding some fish.  This the new cat avatar trend now?
jayeteee::As long as his mom is cooking for him anyway.
Patreeky::fettucini alfredo topped with parmesan and HGH
Alex47666::alright im going to bed good job nuggets finally getting to the 5th seed now lets go get the 4th   watch out bulls
blitz pick up 45::The Nuggets are a sneaky 31-18
NickBenCor::No I think the spurs are 22-2
blitz pick up 45::thx
denverboi1993::Just the way we like it.
blitz pick up 45::thx
denverboi1993::Na the Spurs have the best. Only two losses compared to our three.
Alex47666::no espn would rather talk about the pacers and how good they are at home
blitz pick up 45::Do they have the best home record in the NBA? I feel like they do but no one is talking about it
denverboi1993::Just got off work. Not saying all Bucks fans are bad because most of them aren't, but where were those idiot Buck fans that were talking so much crap before the game?
Alex47666::i think they went home crying because of a troll
jayeteee::LOL. You know.........
TimTebow69::Off topic.. How is Zero Dark Thirty?
diehardnr1::Other than than the non-surprise ending it was pretty good.  Very realistic during the final scenes...
TimTebow69::Just got to find free time when the Avs Nuggs ans CSU aren't on haha
Patreeky::Heard it was great, but have yet to see it myself
denverboi1993::No clue. Looks awesome.
NickBenCor::I wonder if there are some stats out there that show us our total points avg for each quarter....itd be interesting
NickBenCor::Cant find anything so far
Patreeky::ESPN split stats might even have that on the nuggets page
Patreeky::check 82games.com
Alex47666::we dont need to trade for a 3 point shooter it would hurt us at times when we need to attack the rim and get to the line witch i know we miss anyway
Patreeky::Not sure about that, we can already attack the rim plenty and dont have a consistent and reliable 3-point shooter, also it would be nice if we could have someone that could actually guarantee us some points in those trips to the line
Patreeky::None of those players are automatic from the stripe in my opinion
Alex47666::they just need a $@%!$@% coach that would actually make them practice their free throws
bearsbball12::The Nuggets have some decent FT shooters sure, but they're dead last in the league overall. They need some that are better.
Alex47666::miller lawson ( at times ) gallo  chandler
jayeteee::I think if the Nuggets ever just played 48 minutes they'd be hard for anybody to stop.
DavidSternAKAHitler::Monta Ellis screwed the Bucks over in this game.  4-14 shooting in the second half? you a$$hole monta
Patreeky::David stern is analogous to Hermann Goering at worst
Alex47666::i found out this weekend that i'll be in chicago on march the 18 so i look to see if the nuggets are playing and their playing the bulls so i'm going to try to get cheap seats or if any knows how much it cost to sit behind the nuggets bench that would be great
NickBenCor::haha yeah i walked out there on that
NickBenCor::Go check out sears tower(now called willis tower) I think for like 15 bucks you can go to the very top which is 103 floors up.  An amazing view
Patreeky::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCvNZ0CaWEk
Patreeky::They even have a glass box you can walk out into on the top floor if you'd like to shi,t your pants as well
Patreeky::use stubhub, tickethorse is despicably over priced
Alex47666::ya stubhub seems the best          sometimes the actuall team website is better because they use stub hub and lower the price
NickBenCor::Nice I just got back from there.... awesome place.
Alex47666::ya i live in stl so there is no Bball team   and that will be the first time in chicago to
mcook813::Have the Nuggets even been mentioned on SC once this year, aside from game highlights?
Alex47666::ya the howard trade
NickBenCor::Lol i swear they hide our highlights too.  Even those are hard to find
NickBenCor::Wow we are only 2 1/2 games behind the clippers.  We really snuck up on every1
Pun1sher7::I was almost positive my 2 team parlay was shattered because the nuggets had no shot of covering with 2 mins to go... WOW that was awesome!!
TimTebow69::Nuggets! Going to finish at the 3 seed! (I hope)
Alex47666::we pray   or tebowing
Hlee196::True...
Alex47666::better than kapernicking
Patreeky::Manninging...
