sportspotpourri::With Robinson on the roster now, the Warriors need to rest Curry until that ankle is fully healed. That's 3 injuries in 6 games, don't risk permanent injury or losing him for the rest of the year.
TomiRG::The Spurs will be lucky to end up 6-8th seeded without Manu until mid February at least. The West is really loaded, there are 9 or 10 competitive teams for only 8 spots.
luvnbayes::Well, it was closer than I thought, but GS covered the +8.   Bet against the Spurs as long as Manu is out.  Easy money.
UTAHUBET::Nice win Spurs
lsiberian::Golden State might turn some heads. The West seems very loaded this season.
Bourne_Ultimatum::This is such a great read!  http://www.grantland.com/story/_/id/7421210/kwame-brown#footer-nav
antistratfordian::WTF is up with Curry and his ankles.  This is just ridiculous now.
Samoscamo::Man that was a fun game to watch.   Good luck on your season warrior fans, I hope curry ends up ok.
mintzerkj4eva::Dang this cost me 10$. Good thing my other picks in Miami and Orlando came through.  Gas money
hozjo::Why the $@%! is Curry even playing? Give him a week or two off so his $@%!$@% ankles get a break. Mark Jackson is a terrible coach who is gonna burn out the only decent players we have so he can talk hard about making dem playoffs. What a worthless hire, hey look a subpar point guard who never coached before but talks big on tv, let's get him!
Doo Doo Stretch::As a Spurs fan I think Mark Jackson was a great hire especially with two amazing guards he can groom since he was once a good guard himself and as a former announcer he is still up to date on other teams personnel which is a big advantage.  I'm pretty sure Curry had off season surgery so he should have been healed up by the time he stepped out on the court but yeah he does have glass ankles.  Find a new shoe or better ankle brace jeez.  I hate when my teams wins against a depleted opponent but I think Manu out for an entire game and Curry out for the 2nd half is more than an eye for an eye.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::MArk JAckson is a GREAT HIRE you dumb@ss! The Warriors actually look like  a basketball team. They pass the ball....AND ACTUALLY play defense. Mark Jackson wasn't a subpar point guard either. Rookie of the Year...and consistently throughout his career took teams from irrelevant to championship contenders. There are some dumb dumb people who post stuff. Obviously don't know their facts
giantswarriorsniners::Hozjo, you must not play much ball and you certainly have never sprained your ankle bad.  It is not going to heal in a week or two.  Even a month off probably won't heal it completely, and obviously Curry cannot do that, especially with the shortened season.   He will learn to play through this.   There was a lot of positives to tonight's game.  Jackson is doing a lot more than talk.  The defense is noticeably improved.  Past Warriors teams would have been out of this game 5 minutes into the 3rd quarter, yet this team was in it until the final minutes.  If Curry's ankle had held up, they would have had a great chance of nailing this one down.    Lastly, since you think Jackson sucks so bad, who would you have had the Warriors hire in his place?
aggiety2006::^ real dum to say, they are finally playing some d and not lookin like the and 1 mixtape tour any more. they are goin to be alright as long as curry doesnt miss to much time. theyv been playing ridicolus minutes like that the past few seasons they are used to it, as a spurs fan im impressed from yalls improvement from last year
go_giants123::jeremy tyler is the answer
catsdaddy24::the spurs should trade parker, splitter, and blair for monta ellis and kwame brown
lsiberian::I think Pop knows what he is doing.
Txboy12345::No, Blair and Splitter have been playing much better then last year. My god Blair is the leading scorer with Manu out. This team is deep!
aggiety2006::throw in sombody else besides kwame and we'l see but other wise no way
prideofsa207::lol.....i hope that was a joke
EliteWingMTSU::Manu out 6-8 weeks..... Now I kind of Wish we had George Hill.
Txboy12345::They are a deeper team with Hill gone, yeah I liked George but I think they made the right decision.
prideofsa207::Score really doesnt even tell how close the game was.....we need tim to be a solid contributer every game, which he can be....we need parker to be playing ball like he is in his prime, which he should be....and we need all the role players to play at least a small role.
supe540::Jackson's going to have to let go of his playoff prediction and take some time to develop his rotations and, if he's serious, work on defense.  Right now he is a coach without a clue in every 4th quarter.  Warriors struggle to run plays down the stretch and to put their players in good spots.  Watching the Spurs run plays down the stretch was pure pleasure.
WarriorsGO::I dont know why Jenkins doesnt get more minutes. Especially when Curry gos out. Hes a solid point gaurd who can hit the open shots. Jackson always seems to slide Monta to the point and then Monta gets tired because then he has to do everything.
ajrano::It doesn't help that the Warriors bench couldn't do anything.
WarriorsGO::We filled up our team with DEFENSIVE players and forgot that we still need to play some offense to play lol...
supe540::W's going to have to keep Steph out until he's fully healed.
WarriorsGO::Its not even that. He has had this problem since last season. He was supposely fully healed and still tweaked it. He doesnt know how to run and stop and go or something.
49GiaWars::The problem with this young season is we really don't know how good these warriors are if everybody is playing?
49GiaWars::Hey 23,   They beat the bulls and the knicks and were winning the spurs tonight before curry got injured.
WarriorsGO::I agree. We only have played 2 full games with our 5 starters. The first 1 was Curry coming back from the Ankle injury. Then Curry misses a game again with ankle. Monta misses game for funeral, Lee misses game for illness, and now Curry gos out again after being on fire.
23germany::it's a CBA  team, as always.....lots of scorers, absolutely no D and the only 7 footer plays 14min a night
WarriorsGO::Did u watch the game? Spurs were shooting 41% until the fourth quarter where they were hitting EVERYthing,.
Giants_Fan_Mark::Nice seeing Green and Ford contributing. Spurs are gonna NEED it
aggiety2006::true true really gave us a spark when we needed one just hope anderson can do the same pretty soon
WarriorsGO::Ford really gave the Spurs a spark. I think we would of had this game if Ford would of shot like he normally does.
reeskybusiness::so....dorell wright scores 0 points...
WarriorsGO::Start Thompson or Rush. Hes been useless.
49GiaWars::Steph Curry is 22 years old.... and getting hurt often! Not Good!
D-Sleet::please don't even say that- 2nd round pick in my fantasy league plus my favorite player.
NOVABuffalo::Yeah --- it's too bad for you Warriors fans, because when he is in the game he is a force.
WarriorsGO::nothing to be to worried about. Its not like hes messing up his knees. Its his ankle. He just needs to start playing a little more carefully.
WarriorsGO::I think it could be for the season, but I see him eventually getting over this in his career.
49GiaWars::Disagree, I am concerned!  You see the play the guy was going forward!
WarriorsGO::SPurs would not miss anything in the 4th.
WarriorsGO::This is dumb. Tired of seeing Ellis take on 3 defenders. Everytime Curry gos out our offense gos to $@%!. Its the watch Monta shoot offense. Yea he hit some shots but it makes everyone else stand around and do nothing. Then again Dwright should be benched cuz he has produced ZERO offense in the last 2 games and really all season. Currys ankle is really starting to get annoying. Overall good game Spurs.
IVI PapaDoc IVI::I agree with you. I think another issue is that the other wing players and lee arent willing to take the jumpers. Whether they make them or not, it keeps defenders farther out so better spacing for drives. Also, I dont think Curry runs an offense all that well. I think he helps as an off guard, forcing teams to stay honest. This allows the Warriors to have a dual threat, making shot attempts easier.
WarriorsGO::I agree with u. Curry doesnt run it all that well, but he hasnt really been given the full reins. He runs the offense fine, but then makes stupid passes out of nowhere. I think he will get better if he continues to play and stops getting injured. Tonight 8 assists with only 2 turnovers and 1 was right after he got hurt and threw it away.
IVI PapaDoc IVI::When no one on your team is able to score, and you have zero ball handers other than Ellis in the game. You have to give it to him, plus he is avg. like 8 assists.
WarriorsGO::Another thing. Im not blaming Monta. IM blaming the coaches on Offense.
WarriorsGO::U guys are missing the point. Swing the ball around. One on one just makes everyone around watch and react more slowly. Including on defense. Getting everyone involved makes everyone play with more energy.
NOVABuffalo::ellis was 50%, even with the last second shots he was taking, who would be the second option since Curry went down?
KennyChavezDuran::All year? you mean the 4 games that he's played in including the game that steph scored 3 points in cuz he couldnt make anything?
WarriorsGO::I mean all year. Not just this game. This game he was making em but it still didnt look right.
spur4lever::Green should be starting in place of manu
figet25::Because Manu is out 6-8 weeks. You live under a rock TX guy?
WarriorsGO::lol
Txboy12345::why? Parker is the one that hasn't been playing that well this year.
joemcleod83::Duncan with a great night..We'll see if he can even get up and walk around tommorow let alone play in a game
EliteWingMTSU::Tony Parker can drive right around Kidd, he is to slow to guard parker. Maybe the Mavs will put Terry on Parker?
Spurs_Dyansty21::I believe the new comer, Ike Diogu will get some minutes.
batigoal85::20 minutes at most i guess,   hopefully splitter will play better tommorrow    he will be guarding dirk   lol,     but i still think we have a chance,  since the mavs  r struggling
Spursdc::Great coaching by Pop
Spursdc::plus fouling Kwame
clogee::Ford was a typical shrewd pickup for our front office.  A true point guard that control tempo and lead the second unit and most importantly, prevent Pop from letting Nail Gun run the point (I think we all remember how well plan worked out with Roger Mason Loser).  As long as Diogu can eat up minutes and fouls, that'll be a solid pickup as well.
Spurs_Dyansty21::Who all liked the fire Pop showed to get Parker out of his funk?
.Silky Johnston.::Yeah, he left in Ford and Green when they were hot, and that won the game.
49GiaWars::I agree
NOVABuffalo::Recall someone saying Ellis would go for 40, they were about right.  I really thought the Spurs were going to lose this one, glad to see Green step up HUGE.  Fun game to watch as a Spurs fan.  Got to survive the next 8 weeks without another major injury.  Anyhow put this one in the win column of the cranky old men.
EGGY126::Gotta say Richard Jefferson really stepped up. 5 for 5 from behind the arc will get it done on any night.
Spurs_Dyansty21::He still stepped up.  Just 6 games into the season and most Spurs fans still have a bad taste in their mouth when Richard Jefferson is brought up.  Great game though by him, although MVP goes to Green and Ford.
batigoal85::he has been playing well so far,     6   games into the season
Spursdc::He has played well all season
NOVABuffalo::agree eggy
BlazersWar::feel bad for Warriors ... they had a lead and eventually lost. another crazy Monta Ellis performance
49GiaWars::27 in a row!
EGGY126::Decent D considering Ellis torched us and we were missing our heart and soul in Manu.
Spursdc::Great freakin game!
Julie.Again::Where's Prank?  Told him they weren't done.
UTAHUBET::hello
dreamhax::You gotta be kidding me. In no way did the Spurs deserve that win.
UTAHUBET::Nice game Spurs. Sorry to hear the news on Manu.
triggahappy74::Someone different is going to have to step up every night for the squad
.Silky Johnston.::Very nice win, especially after the horrible start.
EliteWingMTSU::Very True
dreamhax::Spurs got smoked the whole game. Aside from the last 4 minutes of the game.
Spurs_Dyansty21::Last 4 minutes are the most important.
EGGY126::Getting it done without Manu!
Deven3091::Warriors deserve more.
figet25::Is Curry really injured again?
EGGY126::yes sadly for Warrior fans.
UTAHUBET::Good win Spurs. Sorry to hear about  Manu.
Deven3091::I hate TEXAS SPORTS!!!! SCREW THEM!
Fuentes2484::How bad was Curry's injury?
JDINGIA::Pop wants to go small
brianharln3::why isnt blair playing?
Spursdc::They are playing well without him
Spursdc::Manu's injury allows other players to get a feel for the game
EliteWingMTSU::This could help us in the long run.
hobson1313::Barely squeeking by the W's.  Not a good sign for the Spurs.  Safe to say we can count tomorrows game against the Mavs in the L column.
EliteWingMTSU::Parker needs a big game.
clogee::Haha, I thought we were on the road.  Tough game still.
Spurs_Dyansty21::Guys! The Spurs are playing at home tomorrow night lol
clogee::They'll be pretty fired up to beat us though. Even if we had Manu, it's always hard to beat a division rival on the road.  As long as that piece of garbage Jason Eugene Fairy sucks as usual, I'll live.
hobson1313::No, you were originally right.  The Spurs will be at home.  Still don't like our chances with Duncan and Jefferson playing so many minutes tonite.
batigoal85::i wouldn't go that far,   the mavs  r struggling too,   and outside of dirk  no other mav.  player gives us mismatches.      butler is gone, and they lost their center  .
joemcleod83::nevermind dallas at home yeh thats a loss haha
joemcleod83::i wouldnt count it as a loss just yet..Mavs haven;t looked good and spurs will be at home
clogee::I think most of us already did that which is why I'm stoke we were able to win tonight.
triggahappy74::I like the fight I seen in my spurs tonight. We should be fine without manu.
hobson1313::Dude, this was the Warriors we were playing tonight on the first game of a b2b.  Not sure this game is a great sign.
JDINGIA::SPURS
