speakmemory::Ah, Portland.  Tired, huh?  My Lakers played the night before you all beat us and it's because we were tired...DON'T WANT TO HEAR THAT, DO YOU?????  Of course you don't.  I gave up praise to your team, saying you probably were better than my older Lakers - SO NOW WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO SAY ABOUT GETTING BLOWN OUT BY PHOENIX????  And please, don't use the fatigue excuse because if you do, I can do it too.
blazers3333333::besides you dont hear fans saying that, just whoever wrote that article
Rip_City27::Uhh Lakers didnt play the night before you played us, nice try though, there goes that excuse..
nunya2414::They didn't play the night before, but they've played the most games in the league so far
Jthizz69::Fatigue is a pathetic excuse. I hate the Lakers, but the Lakers won their first game of the season at the end of a back-to-back-to-back, as in, in a 3 day span they lost the first two and won the third. By everyone's fatigue logic the Lakers should not have won the third game, even if it were a bad team like the Suns (who, honestly, don't have a great roster and are heading towards the lottery). Fact is Blazers are inconsistent, sometimes they are motivated and play well, and sometimes it's just Aldridge and Crawford throwing up shot after shot. The Clippers were tearing the Blazers apart after 3 quarters, and then the Blazers had a run in the 4th that fell short. Once again, inconsistent effort. Had they brought the 4th quarter effort for all 4 quarters, they would have taken care of the Clippers with ease. The key cogs in this team, outside of Wallace and Crawford, are young and still have some maturing to do. Still, as a team they are among the league's most talented.
Jthizz69::I don't hate Kobe though! Great guy, great player, would take him on my team any day.
Kennyprager::Your points are very well constructed....minus the fact you hate my Lakers!!!!!
Jthizz69::And read the last part, I'm not calling the Blazers bad at all, they have an outstanding roster, they just need to mature a bit and stop losing focus so often.
YouMadColeMuchBetter::Suns take care of tired Blazers.
tblazers08::If you think phoenix won last night because they are better then Portland or because portland sucks, you are a dumb @$$ and your mom has a Dick.
Coffin_Filla::I have two Dads jerk
Jthizz69::someone's insecure
IHATEDAVIDSTERN666::All the people making a big deal about Portland being the best team in the west are in need of a reality check and the Suns provided that.Blazers got humilated losing by 25 and Gerald Wallace got 1 point can anyone say inconsisstent.
Metta World Hate::Q:  What did Oden say after the game?  A:  I don't know, he was in the hospital.
Metta World Hate::David Stern is a queerbait.
nunya2414::Portland sucks. Gerald Wallace 0-6, 1 pt 2 rebounds what a stud
Rip_City27::I saved this thread for whenever I need a good laugh hahahahaha this board is hillarious
nba is the worst::This is consistent with Portland of the past - just taking games off...
Rip_City27::Dick's for life!!!
BlazersWar::sheeesh ... didn't even watch the game, seems I was too confident about an easy win ... well, maybe they were in Phoenix to just take a dump and from now on back to basketball. Go BLAZERS !!!!
Kennyprager::Bro......this is coming from a Lakers fan...you beat my old team cuz we run out of gas.......then Phoenix whipped your team!!!  You are an athletic team without a superstar or center!!!!!  You are going NOWHERE!!!!  Enjoy your early success!!!!  It's not like your team has won a championship since.......Bill Walton?????????
lahothan::KEEEEEEF
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::ROCK OUT WITH YOUR DICK OUT
tblazers08::Try KAWK
Broncos should bench he who must not be named.::LMAO.. and Blazer's fans thought they would end up in the finals?  sorry, i may be drumk, but at leat I know u ain't goin to the finals when u get blown out by a non playoff teamhahahah
Rip_City27::You're a dick
Kennyprager::You are a loser!!!!
platachog::Well.... I didn't get to watch the game, but from the score and the stats, it looks like we came out flat, just like against the Clippers. Good job to Steve Nash going 100% on shooting tonight. Seriously. We must have played terrible defense and offense to lose. Not trying to take away from the Suns and what they did tonight, but we should have smashed them. I had a funny feeling we'd either win by a lot or lose by a lot and it wouldn't go down to the wire. Looks like we laid an egg.
speakmemory::"It looks like we just came out flat..."  When fans start writing like this, they're making excuses.  NO TEAM comes out flat for a game.  The bottom line is people need to stop making assumptions based on one game - Portland fans, if your team is great because they beat my Lakers, they're terrible because they got blown out by the Suns - see how that's contradictory?  and your statement "I had a funny feeling we'd either win by a lot or lose by a lot..."  REALLY????  Such an astute basketball mind!
Kennyprager::why?  Because your team was 5-1 to start a season?  Portland is talented and athletic....but that is it.......not a smart team, nor will you go far in the playoffs......when was your last championship?  I love how these Portland fans think they are the shiat!!!!!  Enjoy your victory over my old and hurt LAKERS.......cuz your team will NOT make a run for a championship!!!!
Durant x Elite35::Hahah portland got smashed into the ground by the freakin suns??
Forkitout24::anymore DICK comments? sheesshhh. Losers out there!!! Good job Suns
Rip_City27::Dick
Kennyprager::Rip....you speak VOLUMES about the element that comes from your God for saken city of Portland!!!
TectonicPlatter::Peace.
Way Klaro::Nash should go to Dallas with Dirk to win championships! He deserve one!
Forkitout24::He already went there with Dirk and came home with nothing.
Mavsolute Beast 41::would be a great backup pg
kent432::WOW!! The Suns are the best team in the NBA and should the win championship this year...get real..there not even as good as the Black Suns or when "Chuckie"  played for them.
pdxrovermech::or maybe just a bad game on short rest,. this happens all he time.
Way Klaro::Have you seen the wizards game? Look at Rashad Lewis how stupid hi game was, knowing he is the second highest paid player in the NBA!
TubbyTime334::Coach Of The Year: Rick Adelman
8SportMan::this is why portland wont go anywhere this year.  outside shooting is fools gold and thats all they got.
tblazers08::oold news. Watch some blazer games. Think for yourself. Read what gentry and nash said about the game... D bag.
cowpoke85::Suns/Blazers summary... "I don't know what they did out there tonight, but their dick.s were obviously bigger than ours..." Lamarcus Aldridge  "I'm gonna go home and hit the p.enis pump hard tonight so next game we can come out and really lay it to the opponents." Gerald Wallace  "Steve's dick was all over the place tonight. I feel like I was getting Felt-on, but the refs wouldn't call a thing. I am going to go home and ice my dick and we will get ourselves up for next game." Raymond Felton
cowpoke85::With that, I too am taking my dick to bed. Good game by the Suns tonight, they brought it and Portland definitely wasn't ready to match their energy level. Hopefully it's better the next time we play...
IAMpunter2609::dick who never can quite find the hole..... joe johnson
Mavsolute Beast 41::more like overpaid dick
gmann305::Its weird watching nba highlights after this conversation.
elchupanibre55::Alright ya'll Im all out! good night
TectonicPlatter::Nite nite...cover your a.s.s
Mavsolute Beast 41::dick night
Mavsolute Beast 41::new dick in town - ricky rubio
MOTOWNCANNON::Ripcity lmao.  Pretenders.
elchupanibre55::they got their dic.ks ripped tonight
TubbyTime334::most likely to succeed after Basketball. Brian Cardinal or Brian Scalibrine?
TectonicPlatter::Scalibrine because he is the White Mamba!
elchupanibre55::Custodians dont get much action, so scal
TubbyTime334::Six Man of The Year?
elchupanibre55::Matt Bonner
didyougetthememookur::Wow, that game was amazzzzing! It had everything... Dunks, passes, dribbling, shooting, rebounding, defense, offense, fouls, substitutions, referees, fans, and an arena.  Talk about a game!
cowpoke85::Suns dicked down Portland, what more is there to it?
TectonicPlatter::I call that a Gang Bang.
elchupanibre55::and all we talk about is dick.s...
Mavsolute Beast 41::$@%!$ too
IAMpunter2609::old useless dick who used to penetrate hard.... vince carter
cowpoke85::Most likely to to hurt a B*tch... Pryzbilla the lady killa!
TectonicPlatter::Viagra wouldn't help LeBron James in the 4th when it matters the most. Poor Savannah...smfh.
AllDayZona::Glad to see the Suns pull out a huge win! Lets keep it rolling :) Yall muhfxckas is gay
elchupanibre55::dick most likely to not orgasm in a heavy situation... Lebron James
TectonicPlatter::I'm just f.u.c.k.i.n.g. around. ;)
cowpoke85::How come Dan Dick-OWWW isn't in the league anymore?
TubbyTime334::The Mods are busy Dicking around.
TubbyTime334::No I haven't done anything.
Slurm Soda::I remember when you first CAME you weren't into this whole thing. Look like you CAME around.
elchupanibre55::Greatest rebounding dick... Kevin Love
cowpoke85::You mean biggest dick that can't get the job done...
Mavsolute Beast 41::This board is ri-dick-ulous
Slurm Soda::thats great.
TectonicPlatter::No mods = Epic threads.
cowpoke85::Most likely to deliver the dick drunk... boozer
elchupanibre55::NOW the mods show up... geez
Slurm Soda::3 hours late
Mavsolute Beast 41::Everyone vote for my man Dick Nowitzki as an All-Star starter this year
cowpoke85::I bet it looks like a braut and smells like saurkraut...
TubbyTime334::Who Gets Voted To The All Star Game?
elchupanibre55::James Harden
BandwagoningAllDay::LeBron
Tryan Gully::LUOL DONG
TubbyTime334::You mean Luol Deng.
Slurm Soda::Dwight Howard
USSMercer::A stunning turn today as the Jail Blazers were molested for the first time in awhile. Usually the molesters themselves, the Jail Blazers were given a piece of their own medicine. "Man I'm so use to molesting people, it was a little awkward getting someone else's dic.k shoved in my a.s.s" said one Portland player.
cowpoke85::Everyone did see Raymond's dick getting Felt-on tonight though right?...
