AZ Jim::Plumlee really let Noah and Gibson have their way on the boards, and as Cyril said, "the Morris twins were on vacation again". If the Sun's want to really be a contender, they need to get a 'big man coach' that can teach these guys the art of blocking out. Noah out rebounded the three of them by himself and Gibson added another 10...Coach needs to sit the twins down and drive home the point that they are 6'9" and 6'10" and need to play up to their size. Personally, I think they are both woosies and neither of them are legit first round picks...
gary::The Suns played some ugly basketball tonight. They couldn't shoot, rebound, fast break or play defense. The Bulls with 3 starters not playing embarrassed the Suns.
Rick's Rockets::Too many people posting here don't know what the heck they are speaking about.  If you don't actually follow the team, and don't understand finances or trades, then you should read and learn.
Steve::For real, some people need to learn to spell before talking smack, doesn't make your opinion look legit at all. And the Bulls have the most back-to-back games (17) than any other the team in the league so how is it a conspiracy? Bunch of morons
Larry::The most underrated player in the NBA is Al Horford on the Hawks- I didn;t say the best player, but the mosgt underrated- put him on an average team and they improve 10 games min. This guy plays in obscurity but is such a solid NBA player.
Cyril::Honestly, the headline should say that the Suns beat themselves tonight. The Morris twins were on vacation again, Gerald Green was chucking away, and no one really played much defense. The Bulls' bench got hot and they overcame terrible shooting nights from Noah and Butler to eke this one out.
ENZO::Developing, rebuilding, saving $$$ and still making the playoffs.. Hahaaa  Go Bulls!
LeBlow Job James::I thought the Bulls were supposed to start the tanking process. Pax need to take Thibs back to the locker and choke him out, like he did Vinny. The Bulls will now have to trade Hinrich to the Warriors and bring back Teague so the tanking for Jabari Parker can continue.
Haven::so the Bulls beat the Hawks and then i checked and how did i know even before i saw that the Hawks would be on a back2back when playing the Bulls. You're gonna tell me the Bulls schedule is not a conspiracy? Even the Bulls fans are convinced. They expected Rose to be back, they had to help the most profitable attendance team. IF you dont believe me then go check for yourself how many teams are tired and on a back2back when playing the bulls.
JM::taj is so much better than boozer.
