Chris James::The thing I love about the Spurs is that they are the only team that can drop 126 points and they're leading scorer is only responsible for 17.
Tatyana Kuptsevich::I know... Love their depth and sharing of responsibilities. They really picked up defensive rebounding in all positions too. Last year it was mostly Timmy, this year he rarely gets a chance since they are all on it. I think this is the best Spurs team ever so far.
Liam Sibson::Their entire roster played (13) and all scored 6-17 points. 30 assists is quite uncommon too.
Cory Nope::Thats usually what happens when youre up 30 at halftime....
Shawn Bento::Demoralizing.  As for the Spurs, they definitely should have won it all last year.  They're in prime position to make another run this year.
Will Bernanke::this is hysterical how hopeless the cavaliers are and how dominant the spurs are,  I would be shocked if the spurs do not win the title with ease this year
John Zuchowski::As bad as the Cavs are right now a dominant performsnce vs them means nothing.
Jo Carter::Australians - 35pts 10rbs 7asts 5stls nice going guys!
Ryan Sems::First comment.  This game will be an EPIC rematch of the 2007 NBA Finals.  Cavs should definitely keep the game close and only lose by less than 30 points.
Ethan Cypress::Lol, that last part...
Dustin Hardin::Matthew Dellavedova showed he belongs in the NBA. Patty mills has already proven that and had a good game. I miss these guys at Saint Mary's. Could you imagine them playing for Saint Mary's at the same time. Could have made a run for the Final Four. Really proud of you Men.
David Stembridge::wow...merciless beating! best run team in the NBA>Spurs. hope they win it all this year.
Derrick Alderete::Is it the rodeo road trip for the Spurs already....Hell yea they are about to win 10 in a row, hopefully they can keep it up and I hope the injuries do not plague us....get better Diaw
Ed DeSalle::Where is that Idiot that used to go by nba is the worst on all the spurs espn blogs?
Brandon Tigues::lol one of the most annoying trolls on here, and to make it worse he was a lakers fan
Christopher Couser Dc::Wow..what a beat down. GSG!
David Garcia::True Spurs fans are not concerned about Duncan and his production.  He will get his when it is needed.  He has nothing to prove and will be there when it matters most.   NEXT!!!!
Adam Youman::Man Spurs are such a scary team. They don't rely on one or two or even three guys to get their scoring. What an incredibly well balanced team they have. Not to mention they have one of the best defenses in the league.
Shawn Bento::Spurs easily the 2nd best team in the NBA besides my Thunder.  I hope these teams meet in the playoffs and may the winner take down the Heat should they make the Finals.
Cory Nope::Id take Indy- especially if they wind up flipping Granger/Neal for Rondo/Wallace.
Shanny Salcedo::The Spurs are not playing games this year...I feel bad for the 29 other teams in the league
Josh Zelch::This team is a Joke, good job Chris Grant you are an idiot and Mike Brown can't coach
Nenad Maric::What a disgrace and an embarrassment for my city of Cleveland.  Can't begin where to place the blame for such pathetic ineptitude!  Can't believe that this was the nearly the same team that played S.A. in the Finals only a few years ago.  I agree with Gus there.
Cal Trause::Holy crap.  Is it Tanksgiving already for this team?
Carol John Carrasco::LOVE MY SPURS!!!!
Saravana Amalan Kulasingham::Yea Lebron! Leave Miami to play with this mess of a team next year!..Got nothing against the Cleveland city or fans but the organisation is trash. Starting with the 'classy' Dan Gilbert. Useless fool.
John Zuchowski::Yout spelling is trash. It's organization.
Saravana Amalan Kulasingham::John Zuchowski Not in this hemisphere. Not all of us are American.
Saravana Amalan Kulasingham::Lol...it's Your not Yout.
John Zuchowski::This is all on the players. They have the talent but I just don't see the desire or effort. If the Cavs were hoping to lure Lebron back they can forget it. They may  wanna get Dan Gilbert's son rdy for another lottery drawing.
George Chip Thayer::I know this request isn't ideal, but can the Cavs get a mulligan with Byron Scott?   Mike brown is putting me to sleep every game night with poor results to show for it.   Now, after losing several games they should've won, must face a well oiled machine.
Nathaniel Wade::If you have watched all the games and still think that the coach is the problem, perhaps you should stop watching basketball altogether.
George Chip Thayer::Nathaniel Wade so who or what is the problem?    I see Earl Clark getting more minutes than Tristan Thompson in Mike Brown's 3 point guard system while playing an aging PF as a C (Andy) and a slow F (Clark).    It's all about match ups.   NO ate them up alive as Brown had no answer except spitting tobacco juice in a paper cup.   I'm telling you now Nathan, the Cavs have lost at least 7 of those 9 games where they should've won.   Some due to players trying to figure out this new guy that shouts profanely at them while getting a face full of tobacco laced spit.   Mostly due a coach that doesn't seem to know who his players are and what they can do.     Irving, Waiters, Thompson, Zeller, Bennett, Karasavev will all soon leave the roost if this keeps up.     Remember Danny Green and Shannon Brown?    Were there mistakes by the play...ers?   Yes.   My contention is the coach has put them in a setting that produces losing.   Your contention is the Cavaliers team is made up of horrible players.    Most likely there is some truth to both, but I've seen what those players I listed can do and this is not it.   Brown is a system defensive coach.   If you can play his system of help defense, you're in no matter bad/good of a defender you really are.   Getting points is optional in his arsenal of "weapons".    This team didn't practice ANY offense sets until after the regular season began.    It is my contention that Mike Brown has turned in a team that had potential to be at least a low seed play off team this year into a bumbling bunch of keystone cops.    This coach will go down in history as the guy that managed to screw up Kyrie Freaking Irving.See More
Scott Baker::The Spurs. perennially boringly dominant. How does one combine being impressed and let down at the same time? Go Spurs, I guess.
Justin Daniel Gower::Do you even watch SA?
Nerissa C. Valido::You don't know Sh*&% about basketball when you call the Spurs boring
Scott Baker::Glad to see the fire out of you Spurs fans. Your comments are as exciting as their games. BTW I have league pass and watch the Spurs a lot. Don't get me wrong, I respect the Spurs. I think their system is excellent. It seems they get the job done even if Timmy or Manu are off. Also Pop's post game Q&A is legendary. Maybe the predictability makes it semi-boring for me, but the success is undeniable.
Steven Gagnon::Every year i say to myself the spurs are old and wont do well this year but yet again im wrong... expect the spurs to roll threw this one with diaw having a big game can someone say bold prediction on that one
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Only two old guys on the team, everyone else is young or in their prime and well-coached, instead of overhyped whiny superstars. No rookies, only two newcomers. Everyone is capable on both ends of the floor, so the game does not hinge on one player playing 40 min or putting in crazy numbers. Classic team basketball. As long as they are healthy, always a contender. Diaw has been a revelation this season. He's always been very capable, but this is the first time in years he's being aggressive. So much fun to watch.
Mike Wagener::Tatyana, right on!
Keith Rhodes::Seems like a walk-over in the making, but athletic PGs and Jarret Jack both seem to give the Spurs problems. Maybe ...okay, I still can't talk myself into that.
Anthony Williams::The student vs the teacher, Brown should have stayed in San Antonio a little longer because Pop owns him and his schemes.
John Martin::Jarrett Jack should have stayed with the Warriors. Spurs win easy. Duncan resting or at end of career?
Daniel Stone::In the ten seconds that the Spurs weren't up by 40 he played fine.
