Leland Wong::Timberwolves will win if McHale let JL rot on the bench.
Bruce S Hirsch::without harden...6 players in double figures....everybody with assists...moving the ball
Kyu Y. Lee::That means Harden is worth 6 players combined!  DWS
Spidey Pete::It's obvious Harden plays poor defense. Lin has better balance for team play & limiting Rubio to 7pts
John Gray::That makes no sense since Rubio isn't known for scoring.
Hiep Huynh::JL is no longer a pg for Houston if you have watched every games. His role is more like a shooting guard and very limited on the pg position. Also, they mostly let him guard Shooting guard and SF on the opposite team most of the time. Correct me if I'm wrong lol
Karl Heu::Kevin McFail coaches to bench Lin.....Give J.Lin 40 minutes and guaranteed 20 Points and 10 Assists.....Lin is clearly the best play-maker for this team.....let Harden stand on the wing and score
Leland Wong::McHale is a Hall of Famer, does he really know coaching? He lets PB start over JL and Harden he plays as a PG when he can not even dribble correctly.
Steven Anacker::Are you saying Harden isn't good at driving to the hoop? If so...wow.
Mike Plummer::With the last name of Wong, he's saying that he's biased towards Lin.
Craig Keller::Steven Anacker look what happens in the playoffs, OKC learned his style only suited for reg season so they improved and with a healthy westbrooke they would have won it all.
Fan Cheng::Rockets are so much better without ball hog Harden
Robert Wang::No hero ball = Easy win
Jerome McGhaney::They still need work on their defense and God knows their turnover problems. But good win.
David Aulds::Terrence Jones is really playing well since he was put in the starting lineup.
Peter Peterr::Yeah better than the twin tower lineup, Jones can catch and finish.
Noe Jude B. Peñas Jr.::What in the world is parsons trying to be pointguard
Sammy Bissett::Went to the game tonight. A few takeaways, take them or leave them...Terrance Jones is the real deal and is our 4 of the future. The revival of Aaron Brooks was fantastic to see live, and Dwight Howard brings soooooo much more to the game than what goes into his stat line. Rockets might be the most exciting team in the league up there with Golden State and OKC when they are this hot. Should be in the 4-6 spot when the playoffs come around.
Jim David::Go Timberwolves. Beat the trash Rockets!
Sammy Bissett::Cowboys, Lakers, and a Ronaldo jock sniffer to go along with 2 first names.....what a miserable troll AND real life you must live. Thoughts and prayers for this man.
Kay Gremillion Matthews::Oh, my, Jim.......Looks like you and your trash team got trashed instead !!!
Peter Peterr::Kay Gremillion Matthews  I don't think the T'wolves are his team.  Jim David is just a Houston Rockets Troll. lol
Leland Wong::DW12 is a winner, he does whatever it takes to win. In this last game against the Wolves, he played great defense, 12 pts, 13 rebs ,3 or 4 blocks and three asists and that is a good day's work. DW right is the best center in the NBA and is a certain Hall of Famer.
Yinan Chen::Sometimes I think this team plays just as good with Harden as without him.
Julian Guzman::great game, great victory, the guards (Lin, Beverly, Brooks) scored big, especially brooks off the bench, Jones is proving he should be a starter, probably would not be starting if Asik doesn't have that three game absence. So a positive comes out of a negative, because of Asik's not playing and Jones is discovered. But all is forgiven it seems. Asik is getting minutes and valuable rebounds since his return. Dwight and Parsons are getting their usual stats. Garcia contributes but not tonight, he was off on his shooting and Casspi contributes too..it's on to Memphis where Gasol won't be available because of injury..let's go Rockets!
Leland Wong::Beating the Wolves w/o Harden is quite a feat bc Harden does a lot of things for the Rox, scores ,assists ,steals,rebs and leadership.
Dominic Wingate::To be honest if i was Lin i would try to get traded because with Beverly and Brooks the Rockets don't need an extra point, atleast on another team he would have a better chance at being an all-star.
Bruce S Hirsch::your like a brilliant security guard
Sammy Bissett::You're like awful with grammar
Bruce S Hirsch::Sammy Bissett don't question my grammar in a chat room.....u dope....did u go to college..if they wheel u into the emergency room when i'm working,u better hope i'm in a good mood
Jerome McGhaney::Great game T'wolves. Rockets great win but work on your defense and stop making careless turnovers. As for Harden he should just sit out until his foot is 88% or more better.
Leland Wong::Yes , Hardin drives well to the basket at times but his dribble is too high and he gets the ball stolen many times with a smart guard guarding him. His t/o is very high.
Leland Wong::How about Kevin love, 30 pts and fifteen rebs and three assists.
Peter Peterr::Props to Kevin Love, MVP candidate.  He is so skilled, great passer, old school player.  Did i say how good of a passer he is, probably Marc Gasol and K. Love 2 best passing big man in today's NBA.
Lucas Daniel Uribe::James Harder is not playing tonight according to NBA TV. D12 better step up and the bench
Steven Anacker::Preseason, I thought they should have cut Brooks (barely. i had him as our 13th player). Glad he had one night to make me eat crow. Anyway, I do like the fact that just about everyone on our roster has the ability to step up on any given night. People saying the Rockets are a better team without Harden are idiots, but then again I don't think they really believe that. Rockets are working it out, in general. Hopefully they'll be fine tuned by playoff time, because if they are they could do serious damage.
Craig Keller::#1 idiot responder, I believe Houston would be better in the playoffs without Harden and his ISO game, with their talent and a ball movement like SanAntonio,Rockets could beat anyone. (new coach would be a plus!)
Ethan Hunt::Craig Keller , you mean YOU're the idiot?  Sure let's just trade harden for a bag of chips or a couple of draft picks then.  There are 29 other teams will gladly take harden off your hand.  On the flip side, i do agree he mightily struggled in the playoff last year, but with enough offensive weapons/plays, he should cut down on his ISO and play within the offense, hopefully.
Leland Wong::For the Rox to be a better team Harden need to modify his game a bit. Less ISO and more ball movement. He needs to pass more and dribble less, that's where he gets the ball stolen. Lin telegraphs his passes, the Rox turns the ball over too much but MCHale will correct that, be patient.
Peter Peterr::yeah i agree, Harden has to commit to the team, sacrifice his personal stats, if he wants to be a winner.  I don't want Harden to waste his talent over his selfishness.
Jesse Huber::And the Wolves still haven't beaten anyone good. At least we're respectable, just underachieving. With this much talent on the roster, it shouldn't be acceptable to be 8-7. They should've been able to beat someone good; they've had opportunities to do so.
Jason Vu::Rockets need to make a minor trade to help curb Harden's minutes which can relieve his foot ailment. I can see this foot issue linger unless his minutes get reduced.  Find a good wing player who can defend and shoot. Trade Smith and Garcia for Wilson Chandler or something.
Peter Peterr::Yeah, Harden is playing too many minutes. I knew he was going to break down at some point.  Mchale needs to do a better job with his rotations, He has guy who can step up and play atleast for a good 5 minutes but chooses not to play them.  But Mchale has too much pride.
Ethan Hunt::make a trade for who?  Harden is only gonna be out a couple of games, not a couple of months, so chill yo a5s down son
Ethan Hunt::yeah i'm sure denver will jump on that trade
John Osaki Jr.::Check out the greatness of Kevin Love in Blake Griffins chapter and Dwight Howard's projected ranking in the new edition 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time of All-Time on Amazon.com
Josh Hansen::Shameless plug ;-)
