ferretluvah2::Actually, the Bulls have surprised me this year.  Considering that they don't have Rose, they are actually playing quite well.  ...shows that there is a decent team here still.
2.3.1 Douple Play::Sorry Bulls fans but your team will never win anything with Hinrich at point
manimarf09::who were we supposed to get to fill in for Rose, Chris Paul?
ndunks::you realize your profile pic looks re.tarded right?
ScalabrineSwag::We have won 11 games though...tht is winning something right?                    You must feel pretty stupid right now
Groller34::Damn the Clippers are good used to be they were $@%! but well be back once D-Rose returns maybe next year Lebron will come aboard and we will a championship
ScalabrineSwag::Lebron is the ultimate desperate f.aggot ever if he does tht
Ustna9::Get off our boat Laker fan....we don't need you jumping ship and dumbing down our fanbase.
alexj26602::shut da $@%! up $@%!$
Spursdc::Coming from a person who probably just jumped ship himself
JohndoMEnow1::hahaha finalllyyy!! kobe one on one vs kyrie irving hahaha  who will win  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zvf3ofopsYw
Justin00247::hahahha u guys lost. los angeles loser......clippers are better and deeper.
Spursdc::Looks like Kobe strapped him up
paul3d::Too bad D. Rose didn't play in this one! It would have been another win against Chris Paul.
jehayes42::agreed everytime he plays cp3 he OWNS him.  Chris Paul simply cant guard derrick rose anyone who thinks otherwise i pity you
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::i doub it ,he would f got torched by bledsoe,drose can only play 3 minutes when h3e comes back lol
Spursdc::???
ArtieSullivan::Lob City &gt; Lakers
rusinrockt1::Blake is a circus freak. That is all.
savannahGA1969::been using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar the past couple of months now. Ive made between 2-3K a month profits using this system since I started following it. If you search google for Sports Betting System you will find this system there. If you bet this system works.
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::cp3  the  greatest point  guard  in  this  era,took  the  hornets  to  the  playoffs  and  the  clippers ,nuff said,
mmoore2144::Wouldn't it be nice if people made logical arguments and actually talked hoop on this forum? Although I'm guilty of pure Laker hate.
ron953::Well i'm a 100% pure Bulls fan ever since I was 10 and i'm 40 now so I've seen 30 years of Bulls games..I was just starting up some conversations tonight hope I didn't offend anyone, good luck to everyone's team the rest of the way!!
mmoore2144::Man, being a real Bulls fan during the Jordan era must have been amazing. I saw him play once. In LA against the Clips. Probably my fav basketball memory other than watching David Robinson score 71.
ron953::Ya it was actually amazing watching him play back then and how he got everyone involved..he surely was the best ever to play basketball and we can't forget they had hand checking back then so defense was way tougher then it is now!!
mmoore2144::The real story this season is probably the Warriors. How the e.f.f. are they winning? They have a few players. And Mark Jackson is half r.etarded (super nice guy though, met him when he played for Clips). I haven't looked at their schedule, but I figure they have played heavy road schedule so far.
mmoore2144::I gotta disagree. Lee could be better. He looks outta shape. My favorite part about Mark Jackson being a coach means I don't have to hear him say "knock down shooter" on TV anymore.
Kreator78::I like Mark Jackson as well, but we'll have to show the Warriors some tough love in Miami tomorrow. Plus we owe them for last year's loss anyhow.
Kingkanyon12::Yeah, gota be happy for the warriors, I'm rooting for Mark Jackson, they've done well to rebuild that squid, David Lee is the most under rated Player in the League, he can Ball, that team is good, them aiding Barns was a good move, I hope they finish second in the pacific.
Pau Gasol.::They have played a road-heavy schedule, but have played weak teams. The Clippers have played stronger teams, but have had a home-heavy schedule. When it all balances out we shall see how the Pacific plays out...
mmoore2144::Thanks. Thats what I figured. I can't believe their record. Good for them. I hope Curry stays healthy. Which is unlikely.
PELICAN PRIDE 2013 NBA CHAMPS::TEBOW BLESSED THEM
ishnock::The bulls are a very solid team even without rose. they are well coached, playing teams tough to the last second.  Bulls went up against a clippers team that is stacked, from the starting lineup to the bench, and the bulls almost won.   bulls and mavs are going to be very, very dangerous at the end of the season. Both teams are well coached, and both teams are doing just enough to stay above water until their major pieces get healthy. ...
ron953::Clipper fans who's team has never won a title has so much to say and i'm not sure why, I'm a Bulls fan and we can actually talk about our team being 6-0 in title games..Don't plan on getting a title this season either they will lose in the first round if they make it there!!
jehayes42::Pau Gasol i have one thing to say to you.  Go put your big boy pants on.
mmoore2144::Jordan is the greatest player of all time. Saying Bulls win every time they make the finals is ludicrous. Should say every time Jordan makes the finals, he wins.
mmoore2144::ok. if you feel as confident now as you did when Jordan was playing (assuming you were even a fan then). But that doesn't sound logical. Everyone knew what Jordan could do.
ron953::6 championships no matter how they got them and Clippers zero..case closed
1Realthing::Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. -Buddha
Kreator78::Buddha said it best.
Pau Gasol.::<b>Fans who live in the past do so because they can't stand their team in the present.</b>
Pau Gasol.::^you're such an idiot you don't even realize I am defending your team.
Justin00247::Pau Gasol. - You don't understand simple statements do you? Accomplishments in the past prevent someone from voicing their opinions in the present? Your logical reasoning is beyond subpar  shut up pau gasoft u and your laker need to get out of here. go back to the lakers page. lob city nuff said
Pau Gasol.::You don't understand simple statements do you? Accomplishments in the past prevent someone from voicing their opinions in the present? Your logical reasoning is beyond subpar
DeAndre_3000::sounds like lakers fans
ron953::You didn't get my comment, I said the Bulls have titles unlike the Clippers so until they win at least one there shouldn't be much said..That's not living in the past it's the truth
savannahGA1969::Pelicans rule!
mmoore2144::Clips are starting Willie Green and beating most teams (read: Heat, Grizz, Spurs x 2, Bulls, Hawks). Game. Set. Match.
PELICAN PRIDE 2013 NBA CHAMPS::RON PAUL 2016
Groller34::I got a better idea 2 chainz for president 2016
coldhibachi::Freeder of the Lead World
Jail Blazer::Clippers Bench &gt; Wizards Starters
coldhibachi::All the homies in the world
mmoore2144::Most used line on SC Top 10 from this year..."Clippers and (insert team here)...More from this one."
Pau Gasol.::<b>I'm still laughing at Bulls fans who think Rose is a top 5 player in the NBA. If I had to start a franchise right now I would pick 20 other players to build around before an injury-prone, deteriorating PG.</b>
jehayes42::injury prone?  before the acl he's played 97% of his games since high school.  Dumb a ss
Groller34::Stop hatin Rose only got hurt once the man was MVP in 10 and he wouldve dropped 40 last night yall lucky he wasnt out there
ScalabrineSwag::MVP MVP MVP MVP mvp
coldhibachi::The right word is eroding. You should see his ears. He barely has ears now.
Bumslayer86::WOW POO Gasol you're uneducated you must be a bad fantasy player
ron953::Rose is dominating so stop the jealousy you know he's one of the best if not the best!!
ron953::The Bulls had a winning record against every team last year except the Heat who they tied at 2-2, there was no way they weren't winning the championship if DRose didn't get hurt!!
Groller34::If Kevin Love comes to da Bulls and we get Lebron wed destroy everybody in the East
mysammich::Didn't you guys lose to the 8th seed last year? LOL
jehayes42::no d rose no noah and we got absolutely screwed on the iggy call that should have sent it to game 7 where we would have won
ron953::Without DRose
ron953::Clipper fans with no titles really don't have much to say until you do!!
Bumslayer86::The Bulls are still competitive and winning games without their starting backcourt including the superstar best PG in the league D Rose .. how many teams can say that
Bumslayer86::I like DWILL and CP3 i just haven't seen enough from them ... In my opinion Rose can just take over a game on a consistent basis.. i'm not taking anything away from the other 2 i mentioned maybe cause i seen Rose play night in and night out living here in Chicago that leans my opinion that way
Pau Gasol.::DWIll has been subpar by his standards this year. CP3 wins that title, though I wouldn't sleep on Kyrie Irving or Westbrook (despite is erratic play)
mmoore2144::The Clippers don't have their starting SG and #2 SF. And they are winning. D Rose is really good, but best PG in the league probably goes to D-Will.
Pau Gasol.::Rose the best PG in the league? You must think Bynum is the best Center too
Mr. Sports to you chump::I agree with you mmoore, I said it once and I'll say it again. "He'z a dumb b.astard"!
mmoore2144::Wow. You really sound like a dummy.
Kingkanyon12::people don't cry about your missing people, it's called a team for a reason.
mmoore2144::I've been a fan of the Clips since late 80's. This is surreal.
The Apologist::You never know man. No one saw Mavs winning it all in 2011. Look, If Blake hits his jumpers consistently, I wouldn't bet against the Clippers.
The Apologist::They are for real this year . They have the best bench and the best closer; I see them going really far in the playoffs.
mmoore2144::Yeah. And as a long time Clip fan, I don't think they will ever win a title. But it still unreal to see them even get any respect.
The Apologist::<b> CP3 is clutch </b>
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::lakers blow this year -jack nicholson
Mr. Sports to you chump::J. Nicholson likes Blow..
Mr. Sports to you chump::What upsets me is that the Bulls thought they had a chance without D.Rose.. He's not only their heart and soul, he's their master.. Bulls Fans,please believe the play will not be good again until he's back..
BIGmatta::no they didnt...they signed everyone to a one year deal and got rid of the bench mob. they knew it was a write-off year.
Bumslayer86::Man gotta hand it to the Clips beating a Bulls squad with No Rose and Hamilton impressive!!! Last year i remember Rose taking CP3 to school and the Bulls cruising to victory
Groller34::D-Rose is the best Bulls player since MJ, He ain't injury prone, the man can ball He gets some help were going all the way the Clippers ship gonna sink in the playoffs
Kingkanyon12::Dude he's been hurt almost most his carrier, and yes he won the MVP at 22 but, his numbers still weren't better than Westbrook that year, he got it because his team not because what his numbers were, Pipe down on that MVP crap, LBJ got it last year when Durant should have won, and Nash has 2 when Ai should have to it with 33 points 8.5 assist and leading the league in steals, and kobe should have to it the next year with 33+  points 5.5 assist and carrying a weak Laker team to the playoffs so take that MVP and throw it in the trash.
Bumslayer86::What does J Craw have anything to do with this argument? I'm saying u clowns are lightin up this board like you beat a contending team this is a transition year for the Bulls.. buddy i bet i know more about sports than u
Mr. Sports to you chump::They have Crawford and more players. Do you watch sports?
Bumslayer86::HILL??? BILLUPS?? LMAO those guys are over the HILL ... Rose is top 5 player in the game why don't u get more knowledge in your argument
Bumslayer86::Get hurt all the time? He had a string of injuries last season you're a moron happens to almost every athlete at 1 time or another in their career. The man won the MVP at 22 he's a beast his jumpshot was getting better and better
Kingkanyon12::Seriously You called Rose a top 5 player, his defense is horrible, he can't shoot, and he gets hurt all the time, he's not in the top 10, maybe you should get more knowledge on what a top player should be, then holla at me.
Kingkanyon12::I don't, and don't cry about injuries, Chauncy's out and G-Hill, We aint crying.
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::its just  a memory gigabite -joell ortiz
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::cp3 and bake griffin lobs all day
Kingkanyon12::"Bulls Fans"... Breaking News.... D-Rose is Back.........  Bulls Fan's Breaking news... Rose Injured...  That Pretty much sums of the the last 3 seasons for the bulls.
ron953::You were thinking of the season before that LBJ locked up Rose but in all those games they were within 4 points of each other at the end and the Bulls won by 20 the first game, you're crazy thinking the Bulls weren't going that far with Rose ..that's laughable!!
ron953::The Bulls had the best team and record last year with the best bench at that period so ya i'm serious and you know the truth!!
Kingkanyon12::They also Had mr. No defense Rose and boozer, plus nobody cares about a bench during playoofs, the best players will play alot more, and last time I checked, your bench din't play so well in the playoofs, "THEIR GOING AGAINST STARTES' iddiot, don't get me wrong, the bulls are tough squid, they play the $@%!$ off, that will win you alot of regular season games, but to win a chip you need 3 to 4 players that can get you 30 to 40 on a given night, witht he bull I only see 1. and he gets hurt alot.
mmoore2144::Spurs had a great record too. In the West (which plays good ball from top to almost bottom) and they got punked. Bulls weren't going anywhere with or without Rose. I distinctly remember LBJ locking Rose up. And I say this as someone who can't stand LBJ.
ron953::Every one had a sigh of relief when Rose got injured last year because they knew the team with the best defense #1 in assists #4 in points scored and #1 in points allowed were gonna steam roll over everybody especially the Heat who got a free pass when the best team lost their star!!
Kingkanyon12::That's the sad Part, He wasn't kidding, he was dead serious, some of these bulls fans must be on the Cali weed.
mmoore2144::You must be kidding.
Pau Gasol.::And he's only 24. Wait until he starts deteriorating and losing athleticism, the only advantage that made him a scorer.
mmoore2144::I wish it weren't true. He's a humble superstar. But he probably will be injured constantly.
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::lol
mmoore2144::Gotta love the fans that say regular season doesn't matter after they watch their team lose. Then why are you here? Why watch the game. Why play the games? Dumb.
ron953::Rose and Noah in the play offs is a way better bet than CP3 and Blake that's for sure..
Mr. Sports to you chump::you'z a dumb b.astard..
ron953::go suck a d i c k
ron953::CP3 is not a better player than Rose sorry dude and Rose owned him every time they played against each other,
Kingkanyon12::I've had league pass for 10 years, this is not a fact.
Pau Gasol.::CP3 is a pass-first PG, while Rose is a scorer on a team without any other scoring. Of course Rose is going to dominate offensively compared to CP3.   But I'll take CP3 managing my team to a win every time.
Kingkanyon12::LMAO, your a funny man, CP3 League wide known as the Best point guard in Basketball, and BG soon to be 3 time allstar.  And that's the best combo you got for the bulls, you were better of saying Boozer instead of noah, or maybe replace BG with DJ, but I'd rather have DJ, that deserves a Daniel Bryan Stop It!!!
mmoore2144::Rose kinda didn't make it through the playoffs...
ron953::Well you see how Rose dominated that game they won before he got injured, the Bulls would have been tough to beat if he was never hurt last year!!
Kingkanyon12::When was this 2010 when D-Rose was Actually seen on the court doing something.
Pau Gasol.::They sure have lost a ton in the playoffs. And the East is MUCH much weaker than the West outside of Miami...
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::you're mad
ron953::Who would want Blake Griffin? who cares that he can dunk a ball he can't make a shot away from the basket if his life counted on it..He blows and it don't matter what you g a y bandwagon Clipper fans think period!!!
ron953::I guess I have been kinda hard on Griff but you're right they both are on the right teams and they would not fit anywhere else..sorry for insulting anybody
Jookmon::i sense a disturbance in the force...a bulls fan
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::ron u should just say that noah is a better fit for the bulls than griffin, and griffin is a better fit for the clippers than noah is
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::i agree
WareTheTDsAt::says the guy that doesnt know anything about any other team except the bulls... please... you lost! eat it lol
jezeep::just ignore this idiot
ron953::Looks like you didn't
hofmvp::Would have been a better game if everybody was healthy. Don't get too excited beating a barely over .500 team. gg nonetheless.
ron953::Bulls don't take many 3's a game but tonight they had to play a little different and they got open from 3!!
Pau Gasol.::They've beaten the Spurs (twice), Hawks, Grizzlies, Heat, etc. Clipper fans are hardly celebrating this win rather than expecting it.
hofmvp::You have to admit the Clips D is pretty bad though beyond the arc.
WareTheTDsAt::the knicks are gonna freaking light us up! if we dont do something about it
WareTheTDsAt::omg dont get me started on our damn perimeter D
jezeep::game would have been long over if the Bulls didnt strike gold from 3
WareTheTDsAt::still the best defense in the league so i will gladly take the win thanks!
ron953::I would take Noah over Griffin any day, he's way more dominating in many areas compared to him like Assists and rebounding and especially offensive rebounds and he averages 3 to 4 blocks a game, only thing Blake has on him is dunks and the sad part is Noah actually makes more shots than he does away from the basket...Noah over Blake period!!
Kingkanyon12::I got more to say but I'm sleepy, so I'll leave well enough alone...... Maybe not  Assist, seriously BG is 10x a better passer, 2 you don't watch clippers games, but BG post moves are plenty full, he has an enormous array of moves and his bank shot is beuno he don't just dunk you idiot, he get like 3 dunks a game that 6 points stupid, now he don't block alot of shots, no but he's playing with DJ you iddiot he's jobs to rim protect not BG, BG is the 1 on 1 defender and he is a great one, plus he gets Steals, had 5 the other night, how many did he get tonight yeah. Now BG can rebound but really who cares about rebounds, somebody going to get them, Dj gets them, Lamar Gets them, every body rebounds on the clips, and my main point BG Numbers $@%!$ on Noahs, and he's only getting 30 minutes a night, while Noah's getting like 39, So next time you say something stupid Make sure it's not in the presence of a basketball offish-shi-anado
ron953::Blake needs to work on his jumpers then he will be considered a really good player you fool and last year the Clips were not going far in the playoffs and the Bulls would have if Rose didn't get injured!!
ron953::Noah plays with heart and he plays a lot harder than Griffin period!
WareTheTDsAt::lmao stop please i cant anymore it hurts
Kingkanyon12::Seriously, Dude BG been dominating for like 2 weeks strait, just named player of the week, any way BG's a better 1 on 1 defender than noah, did you see noah numbers toning compared to BG, don't say dumb things, this year will be BG 3rd Allstar game, Noah will be lucky if they call his name.   The things people say.
jezeep::idiots like ron953 are willing to say anything for a response
ron953::Wow a lot of Clippers responded not surprised at your reactions lol
Pau Gasol.::So you are aware, then, of your lack of intelligence?
Pau Gasol.::This post is comedy, I'm glad you don't run my franchise.
jezeep::Noah over Blake?  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
jezeep::Coach Tibs would trade Noah for Blake in a heartbeat
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::you're smoking some good $@%!$
WareTheTDsAt::lmao!!!! oh man i laughed so hard at this
gsquared112::Nice to see LA's only pro basketball team getting it done. Donald Sterling&gt;&gt;Jerry Buss
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::u mad that the clippers have no past?
Kingkanyon12::LMAO, holly crap it's Jamal fn Crawford.
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::its  flattering  to  see  soo  much  h8te  since  i  joined  the  clippers -blake the  earthquake  griffin
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::17&gt;0
LobCityCP32BG32::keep living in the past
HEAT ARE GOING 77-5::LIKE THIS IF YOU ENJOYED 12:12AM ON 12/12/12
ecali20m::bulls didnt even cover +4 at home thats lame
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::everytime  bulls lose to us  they  bring  up    d-rose  torching  cp3 lol everytime  lakers lose  to us they bring  up   that  kevin love  is better  than  griffin or 16  rings
Kit Ramsey::Clippers SUCK and overrated, but don't worry Chris Paulina will get hurt again along with Griffin and the much traveled Jamal never took a shot he didn't like Crawford.
Kingkanyon12::Hatting at it's best. Great job being a hatter,  Man you are bitter little girl.
jezeep::this is what you call jealousy
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::envy at its fulest
WareTheTDsAt::lol cry about it kit
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::the clippers organization has never won a game past the first round ever, please do something before you talk trash.
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::yup im done, but we both know the clippers are the model of mediocrity, and as long as we both understand... everything is alright with me
WareTheTDsAt::yep they have been im not refuting that but things change....
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::looks like your right, congrats, they still are the model of mediocrity in sports, and believe they have the longest drought in basketball history to not make the playoffs
WareTheTDsAt::actually it was the knicks that had the longest drought by one more year ahead of the clips... nice try... you want to keep going or are you done?
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::tell me when they have won a game past the first round
WareTheTDsAt::i'll wait while you google the info and come back with a quip
WareTheTDsAt::2006... would have played the Mav in the west conf finals had it not been for raja bell hitting a corner 3 at the buzzer
WareTheTDsAt::see if you want to talk about a team or basketball in general please know what you are talking about they clippers have won a game past the first round
WareTheTDsAt::lol just tells me you are a bulls fan and not an nba fan and are not worth talking to
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::please inform i must've forget when it happened, they have been mediocre for so long
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::bulls  fans  trying  to   click  up   with lakers  fans,thats  how insecure there fans  are lol -tyga
ron953::I don't join up with any fans i'm completely all for the Bulls and I really don't care how other teams are doing or what their fans are saying about them
WareTheTDsAt::which is why anything you have to say about any other teams doesnt have any merit
hofmvp::im making fun of the lakers and talking about ESPN
hofmvp::wtf are you even saying
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::u  guys  blow  so  much,that  bulls  fans  and  lakers  fans have to join together to bash us this year its sad
hofmvp::funny how the lakers still get more coverage even when they suck compared to the clips
Kingkanyon12::Actually it's because Dwight Howard is getting exposed for the No show he is, 19 points aint dominant especialy if you go 3-9 Bring back the dominant Bynum.
hofmvp::how was that statement in any way trashy?
hofmvp::ahhh got it. my bad. Ya that comment was pretty trashy.
WareTheTDsAt::i was talking about ron953 comment! not yours! and how it fit with my earlier comment about some fans being trash lol
hofmvp::i said that the lakers get too much coverage. how the hell are we even talking about how good the clippers are
WareTheTDsAt::you honestly think the clippers wont amount to anything and wont even make the play offs?? wow i guess i gave you to much credit... you belong with the rest of them lol
hofmvp::its true and its about basketball
WareTheTDsAt::trashy as in it has no basketball merit to it and its just completely trash...
WareTheTDsAt::"see what i mean about some of you bulls fans... just freakin trash"  my earlier post
ron953::I happen to live in a trailer as well
hofmvp::what about?
ron953::Because they know the Clips won't amount to much when it counts in the play offs if they even make it there!!
WareTheTDsAt::this is one of the bulls fans im talking about hofmvp lol
WareTheTDsAt::we are use to it to be honest... i like it though clippers stay out of the lime light while the lakers get all the pub for losing
HEAT ARE GOING 77-5::ESPN bias at its finest
gerald_5::cubs&gt;bulls
ron953::To many bandwagon Clipper fans and Heat fans on here it makes me wanna puke in my mouth you rotten b a s t a r d s!!
gerald_5::bulls like the lakers are a .500 team
HEAT ARE GOING 77-5::Bulls should be 0-20
Kit Ramsey::And your mom should take on all the Heat players in a once in a life time GANGBANG!!
HEAT ARE GOING 77-5::Hey, I'm two-faced. what can i say?
FoxKat93::You troll Bulls on here, but compliment them on articles.
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::most of these so called heat fans dont even know who tim hardaway and glenn rice are but claim to be loyal fans
HEAT ARE GOING 77-5::BULLS FANS ARE TRASHY FA.GGOTS THAT DESERVE TO BE SET ON FIRE
Kit Ramsey::Like your trashy mom?
Kingkanyon12::Kit Ramsey lick the clips Balls sack, Fall Back you Hatter.
Kit Ramsey::?
Kingkanyon12::My mother don't like bball so that's highly unlikely but I wouldn't put it past her.  Seriously is that the best you can do, damn that's sad.
Kit Ramsey::Your mother first.
