whoaaa::IF I was the Pistons GM here is what I'd do!!  I'd start by trading Monroe!  Not that I don't like Monroe, but I think the rest of the league also values him quite a bit.  Offer the Nuggets Monroe for Wilson Chandler.  Play Wilson Chandler at SF, move Josh Smith to PF and Drummond stays at C.  Start Will Bynum, bring Jennings off the bench till he learns to not become a shoot first PG.  Start Stuckey, bring Caldwell-Pope off the bench.  Eventually, I'd try to upgrade the PG position.  Maybe not this year, but through the draft.  At all costs, get a pass first PG.  Finally, I'd look to trade Jennings for a shooting guard that can shoot the outside shot and play defense.  Bring the mentality of D into Detroit.  Maybe it won't be an equal value trade, but Jennings complete lack of D and terrible shot selection needs to either be fixed, or he needs to be shipped out.  The guy lacks fundamentals too.  Instead of balancing up for jumpers, hes launching fadeaways and ridiculous shots!
No Name::Thank you Trey Burke for making Joe Dumars, Vincent Goodwill (beat writer from Detroit News), Vince Ellis (beat writer from Detroit Free Press) and Drew Sharp (jackass from Free Press) look like total fools with your performance tonight. 20 points on 8 of 17 shooting, 3 of 4 at the foul line, CAREER HIGH 12 assists, 2 steals, a block shot, a dunk and clearly outplayed Kentavious Caldwell-Pope and Brandon Jennings in a blowout. Other than your 7 turnovers, great performance. Don't settle for the three so much, get in the lane and get to the foul line more. Good game boy!
Word::Can the Pistons go back in time and draft Burke instead of KCP, then trade Knight and Monroe for a shooter, then sign Josh Smith to play PF instead of SF?  Jennings is horrible on offense and horrible on defense, other than that he's alright. Josh Smith is horrible at SF, not bad at PF.  Burke is clearly the best PG in the game tonight, it's too bad the Pistons couldn't see that while he was playing college ball 50 miles away.
Hennrik::another game where Jerebko plays well and he still gets not even 10 minutes, is the coach blind or stupid?
No Name::Utah is REBUILDING and has 14 wins. Detroit went out and got TWO STARS, a new coach and a LOTTERY PICK NON SHOOTING GUARD and has 16 wins.  This is too damn funny!
whoaaa::The Jazz record is deceiving.  With Trey Burke, they are actually a really solid team.  And as much as I'd like to say it's all Burke, its not.  Fact is, their backup PG position has been absolutely HORRIBLE the last few years, whether it was Ronnie Price or Tinsley, and still is this year.
PKM::Trey Burke will probably go off.
Win or Lose with Honor::Somebody please give us back Knight for Jennings, trade Smith for Afflalo or Amir Johnson, get Bynum out of here. This not only borders on ridiculous, it is embarrassing! Smith is just brainless!  Always wants the ball, stand there with his hand up for the ball, He is the worst nightmare of a player there is! One who thinks he is way better than he is. Is there any wonder he as not made an All Star team? Certainly not in my mind. He has shot more three point bricks than all the Pistons have in the last six years. If Cheeks had guts Smith would be on the bench, and don't tell me he benched him three times. The guy still gets in the game and shoots bricks. Not only that, I have no idea what he is even doing out there defensively. He is simply stagnant. Last game I watch if he plays anymore. They should have made sure they resigned Calderone or drafted Burke. Ugh! Frustrated! I have watched this team since Walter Dukes was playing here and have never witnessed anything so pathetic.
Russell::We have 16 wins, and it isn't even halfway through the season. We will win 32-36 games this year, which is where they should finish, based on their lack of talent. The only real talent on this team is Josh Smith, and Brandon Jennings. Yep, Smith is sucking tonight, but those two are your top scorers. When Villanueva goes away at season's end, they can either pay for a free agent SF, or PF, because they don't have 1 single starter on their team besides Josh Smith. If he wants to play PF, get a SF, and vice versa. The guards aren't bad, we just need to get another one for when the old guys go. Siva sucks. We are probably going to let Monroe go, and give his job to Drummond, which is a wash. We had two good centers, and told a guy who scored 16 and 10, to move over to PF, then went and got a PF, and made him play SF. Monroe is 23, and in a few years, will be scoring 20 and 12 on the Pistons for another team. Smith should be our PF, and we should tell Drummond he is a backup. He has no scoring ability. SF is a hole we need to fill in the offseason. The problem with the fans, is that we got 2 stars ( not superstars ), and they expect to make the NBA Finals. We have 2 ancient backup guards, Villanueva, and a bunch of young developing players ( Siva, Mitchell, and Drummond, as well as KCP ). In 3 years, half the young players will be a bust, and both old guards will be gone, as well as Villanueva, and hopefully Jerebko. Singlar, and Datome can fight to be backups. We need a starting SF. The money freed up when Villanueva leaves will hopefully let us field an actual starting 5 next year, and make the playoffs. The coach is .500 career, and the players are old, untalented, except for the three ( Jennings, Smith, and Monroe ). The #1 example of why Pistons fans suck is that Jonas Jerebko jerseys were the #1 in sales for them last year. All the hate is going in the direction of these 3, and they are the leading scorers. Stuckey is the 4th best player, and the only other one worth mentioning, but he is lazy. Great shooter, but so is whoever he is playing against, most of the time. So, the suggestion that will improve this team, is to get ride of the top 2 scorers..lol. Give the coach, and the team another 2 years, and see what happens. If they don't make the playoffs, fire everybody. Coach, GM, players, and start fresh. I think they will get better soon, but what is going to change to make that possible, isn't getting rid of Jennings, and Smith, but the rest of the players.
Justin::and Pistons fans are the most impatient & dumbest fans in the NBA. I'm saying this as a fan myself, what fans fail to realize is this team would be last in the east if they didn't have Josh Smith or Brandon Jennings. This team would be nothing without the two of them. Smith & Jennings are both great players, they just have a #$%$ coach and these fans expect the Pistons to be like the Heat & Pacers in the first year. Its not even halfway through the season . . shut up. You aren't truly a fan if you can't be patient. It's their first year & they're bound to make the playoffs. Anybody who says to trade Josh Smith is stupid . . this team would be nothing without him or Jennings
