Steven Rivera::Tyson being paid 15 Million a year for what?????? Amare 24 Million a year for what????  Melo the only one putting up what he gets paid to do since putting on a Knicks Jersey
Jimmy Morgan::Melo a ball hog that doesn't make his teammates better!
Steven Rivera::Jimmy Morgan Melo is 3rd in player effeciency in the NBA this season. Stop haten and actually watch the games Melo makes his teammates better by giving them open shots not his fault they cant shot this season
Jimmy Morgan::Steven Rivera i watch the games i have league pass, im not hating, your probably a lil biased because your a knick fan, i like melo as a player, he clean but overall he doesnt make his teamates better.
Steven Rivera::Carmelo is third in the league in player efficiency, That alone should open up everyone eyes even the Melo haters and realize the TEAM SUCKS not Melo
Yinan Chen::I hope the Knicks lose all the games fro here on out and get the first pick, then has the give it up. Them tears would be delicious.
Angelo Mendiola::With or without melo. Knicks aren't going anywhere. Crappy management, players who are lost in their roles. Coach who's clueless on how to run a team. they need to start from scratch. Miami, Indiana hawks and even the bulls are way ahead of you guys. Especially how weak the east is. Only two teams are going to dueling out for the next 3-4 years are heat and pacers. Dolan isn't making any moves. Well there's your answer of a failed future.
Joe Brooks::Knicks fans can fix this by tearing up a few tickets and leaving the stands empty a time or two. That's all that will get an owners attention.
Angelo Mendiola::Dolan said he ain't making any moves. Shows how much of a idiot the man who runs this team
Michael Tucker::What a bunch of losers.No heart and no passion for the game.If i did my job the way the Knicks do theirs,I would have been fired years ago.
MarcnShar Luther::Start following hockey,brother. That's what I did,and what a rush!
Matt Washburn::The Knicks are atrocious. Probably the worst team in the NBA
Steven Rivera::Hey KD has 20pts on 20 shots LMAO see what happens when you take away a second option??? something Melo doesnt have in NY
Enash Waca::The Knicks are very good at losing
Jazmine Ortiz::one of the best teams in the business at losing
Patrick MacKinnon::knicks and nets with first and second pick and have to give them up :)
Edward W Hayter Sr.::This team is simply awful.
Figaro Tsai::NY Knicks will never win the championship until thier boss step down. Foolish boss chooses foolish headcoach and leading player.The leopard cannot change its spots
Aladdin Saleh::melo how did u win 54 games last season with this team.. you should of won mvp...this team is down right awful...man i cant believe this team won that many games last season..
William Hendricks::LOL more Melo nut lickers.  Defense won them 54 games last season, not Melo.
Aladdin Saleh::William Hendricks i dont like melo but this team is horrid is it not... i feel like they only think theyre supposed to be good is because of melo... becuz if melo isnt elite this team shouldnt make the playoff in any conference theyre that bad anytime your second offensive option next to melo is jr smith your team is horrible. but thanks for being ignorant
Seg Bernard Cagas Ogang::Actually Knicks are 9th in ppg allowed this year and 7th in ppg allowed last year. The difference is not Melo, he's doing the same thing as he did last year. He's playing well scoring less but rebounding more. The difference is people are underachieving offensively. This isn't a Melo issue, this is  a whole knicks issue
Brent Mead::Wow changing this to Facebook completely ruined the discussion pages. Oh well big game for the Knicks tonight. We win these 2 against the raptors and we will be right there flirting with 1st place
Jimson C. Cuenta::I think this back-to-back will go a long way in determining Mike Woodson's future as head coach of the Knicks. If Woodson wants to keep his job, the Knicks must win at least one of the games in this back-to-back. Losing both games would put the Knicks at 9-21, and most importantly, 5 games behind the Raptors in the Atlantic Division.
Shaun Mitts::Knicks giving Amare and Tyson a combined  $160 million contract is prob top 10 worst franchise moves.
Will Bernanke::i disagree,  they are true leaders and you can't put a pircetag on that
Gene Cirillo::Will Bernanke  Yeah, leading to a 60 loss season
Mark Sugimoto::This organization is a disgrace to the great city of New York.
Shaun Mitts::even though i disagree with u on some nights about melo and stuff,  i have to agree. The best city in the world, has the worst team in the league. its  sickening.
Pete Heat::The New York Knicks and the Toronto Raptors have evened the series the past season, and have won equal number of games against each other in the past five years bringing the total to 10 and 10. In the recent stretch of games, the Raptors have shown their resilience. They fought back against the Mavericks after being 19 points down. Then they savored it with a win against Oklahoma City Thunders; which was the Thunder’s first loss at home court. In contrast, the Knicks home court record this season of 4-11 is not impressive to say the least. Also, Carmelo Anthony’s and Raymond Felton’s injuries, sure  leaves a gap in the Team.  To cut to the chase. As a Toronto Raptors' fan, I would like to inform the New York Knicks not to expect any comforting results from the next two games.
Seg Bernard Cagas Ogang::You haters are funny. So when Melo plays , oh he's not making his teammates better, and when he doesn't play, oh melo's fault for not playing. Which is it? BTW no one can win by themselves. Lebron didn't, KG,pierce and ray allen couldn't do it, heck Kevin durant couldn't do it with Harden and Westbrook.
Angelo Mendiola::Lebron joined a prime wade and bosh. Kg and ray Allen are 5 years older when they joined pierce. And durant had Westbrook from the start so they build those two from scratch. Carmelo don't need a sidekick. He needs a real team. And Carmelo needs to even out his game. Too much offense. No defense.
Seg Bernard Cagas Ogang::Angelo Mendiola His defense is ok not great and has been good this year. Rebounding almost 10 rebounds. I agree with the rest, and Durant had the luck to be  a lottery pick in his first two season to get good players.
Wei Zhao::Seg Bernard Cagas Ogang Melo's 1 on 1 defense is mediocre at best. It's his help defense in a TEAM game that gets him into trouble. And it's not about just luck with KD getting Westbrook, Harden, Ibaka, and a rising stud in Reggie Jackson. The front office played it smart and built the team through drafts as opposed to overpaying injury prone players like the Knicks do.  12+ years and counting and we only have one good season to show for it. I blame every starting from the very top within the Knicks organization to Woodson's man crush on JR and his questionable substitutions-- to the players not playing with their heads/heart.
Barry Card::they call him melo yellow they call him mello yellow my ankle hurts good luck getting a big contract next yr. maybe  you could pay some team so you can play!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Marcleen Bavogui::ooo he will get his money
Steven Rivera::Knicks should have let JR walked, Sign Cope and kept Novak but Woodson was all over that JR resigning situation and now look at this team SMH
Andre Caesar Anderson::J.R. Woodson-Smith played 43 minutes.  Enough said.  Thanks Dolan.  Go NY.
Steven Rivera::Where are the Melo haters at??? second game without Melo and guess what? the team is still losing and shooting pretty bad from the field
Marcleen Bavogui::lmao were u winning with melo before he went out ? bwahahahahaha
Steven Rivera::Marcleen Bavogui games like this with Melo they wouldve won. You need someone to draw double teams and get your players open looks which Melo does now its up to his supporting cast to convert which they have trouble doing
Marcleen Bavogui::Steven Rivera dude im not a melo hater.. but u guys were not winning with him when u played against bad teams.. nothing  different now.
Angelo Mendiola::who wants Carmelo on their team? seriously. We all know what he can do. But how many would want him on their team. I'll go first.  No!
Steven Rivera::Melo is the only effecient scorer on the team, This Knicks team outside of Melo cant make a bucket
Angelo Mendiola::Steven Rivera. I understand that but being a true fan of the sport. I wouldn't want him on my team regardless. The type of team that I like are Spurs and the bulls. The ball moves around that it doesn't stop on one player
Steven Rivera::Angelo Mendiola too bad Bulls aint winning anything ball movement or not and the Spurs got 3 all-stars that play with each other you take one of those guys off that team they aint winning anything
Leland Wong::Knicks will win this one, Melo the big ball hog is not playing. He screws the whole team over with selfishness.
Marcus Grein::no
Steven Rivera::yea? what happened against OKC then?
Marcus Grein::go to sleep permanently
Marcleen Bavogui::melo should leave this team that city doesnt deserve him anyway.. supporting cast suck
Yinan Chen::The tears when the knicks give up their top 5 lottery pick will be delicious
