bsf::Give more playing time to Jeremy Lin.
Jim::Another terrible game for Houston.  Its still regular season, so hopefully something can be learned here.  Work with Jones on defense and see what he can do with Durant, but keep fresh subs on him.  Chandler gets tired and then shoots too many threes.  Stop the predictable pass to Harden, I think they stole it at least three times.  More drive and dish is needed, because they are going for the block every time.   You guys should hire me as a coach, because you guys need help.  Very shameful lost tonight.
Ronny::First round exit folks. This team has talent but no chemistry. To many overlapping skill sets in the backcourt which helps to hinder the entire team. Howard is just plain old Howard and will play only when he wants to. I think the coach plays a factor also but mainly its chemistry, these guys just don't play well together. I could go through individually and list the pros and cons of each player but I won't I will just state what burns my eyes every DAMN night I watch the Rockets play. Harden reminds me of Kobe without the 'D' and Howard is not aggressive enough and he seems lost in the offense. Defense, he is the best defensive player we have. The TEAM needs to play better defense as a whole. This game proves Houston isn't ready  and I hate to say this but if not this season then next season a scapegoat will be sacrificed, just watch, a trade is coming. They will not fire the coach and they should because there are a few out there who would be a better fit for this young Rockets team. Lionel Hollins would be awesome for this team in my opinion. Now I know there are tons of idiotic comments out there from individuals claiming they know basketball and they really don't know Jack. This is a team sport one man can't win or lose a game unless he is at the free throw line with 0.1 seconds left and the game is tied. Defense and chemistry and overlapping skill sets along with the coach will doom this team. 1st round exit come playoffs.
Supa T::The Rockets are young and got outplayed in the second half. I think they get too high on themselves and it shows in the way they play. They start to think they are better then they actually are. Montejunes, Jones, and to a lessor extent Harden and Parsons. It just seems to make them play strangely. You cant think you are the better than everyone out there, all you will do is get beaten up like they did. Jones and Monty had great games but the second half because of their play they seemed to sleepwalk a bit just like this Rocket team seems to do at times.  They need to be level headed and understand they can't think they are the only team out there because any team will beat them when they do. It is hard to describe, you know it when you see it. Keep an eye out you can see it at certain times in certain games. The solution will be experience. They are young and the players I mentioned just need to realize this and keep a level head whether they are up or down.
Donald::First half I was very pleased with what I saw. The Houston Rockets organization do not show many games through att, so I was enjoying seeing it. Then the meltdown, c'mon man.
John::That 1st half was the best I've seen Harden play. When he doesn't try to flop on every shot and get others involved he's more effective.
Chia X::Lin must be happy right now knowing a lot of the blames for this loss today isn't on him. If I was him, I would walk into practice tomorrow with a big fat smile on my face when I see Mchale. As a superstar as Harden claims to be, it is inexcusable to score 19 points as a team for an entire half. If you want to be the face of the Rockets, you suck it up and owe it to yourself for losing this game. I guess when you don't have your gazillion free throws, you don't have much.
BananaMan::I know 73 is a huge 1st half, but it's not like they were blowing out OKC, they scored 59 themselves.  They were only down 14 and that's not and awful amount to have to come back to.  The headline made it seem like it was an impossible task to make a comeback ... granted, 19 2nd half points by Houston is really bad.
Yvaine::bad turnovers, ball did not fall, and other team is hot, what can you do?
Johnathan::What a way to lose.  73 in the 1st half, only to run out of gas and score only 19 in the 2nd?  I missed the game, but from this it's one of two scenarios: it was either an offensive meltdown by the Rockets or great shutdown defense down the stretch by the Thunder.
