Michael::I've been a Laker fan since the great Elgin Baylor, (The Doctor J. and Michael Jordan in his time) and Jerry West (Mr. Clutch) but this Laker team is truly HORRIBLE, you don't know what you're going to get from game to game! They're more like a JV squad, and Kobe being greedy like most humans are didn't help the team in the near future to get better at all! And just think of it on Christmas Day we have to watch these guys to their JV thang or maybe this might be a game they will show up! Who knows? Laker management should give tickets away to watch this squad! With all that said I'm still a Laker fan, but I just like to tell it like it is!
captinkool::The lakers play the heat tomarrow and the game will be over early in the 2nd qtr and by the start of the 3rd qtr or maybe 4-5 min into the 3rd the heat will prob empty there bench because the score will prob read "heat 118, lakers 43.And watching from the owners box jim beam will be so drunk off eggnog and jack daniels he wont care and will prob be passed out before the start of the 4th qtr with empty wine bottles all over the floor. And guess what?, Mike d-4 dumb antoni will still have a job when the new year comes in and Kobe will come back to collect a pay check and finish destorying the franchise with his selfish play and his primadona ways.In feb,mar,aprl,when the season realy go,s into full swing and the lakers are getting blown out by 25-30 pts night after night and not by just the good teams the bad teams as well. Then Mr Bryant will start throwing his teammates under the bus again trying to take as much of the blame off his as he can because nothing is his fault because he,s the greastest basketball player the NBA ever had or ever will have.at least in his own mind.The lakers wont be $hit for a good while are at least for the next 2-3 years and it only cost them 48 mil.
Larry::Actually Paul George would be the perfect player for you.. but he is not going anywhere. Sans Kobe, you really put an awful team on the floor. D'Anttoni teams are notorious for NOT playing defense and you do NOT have the horses to outscore teams- certainly without Kobe that isn;t happening. Be prepared to go on say a 3-14 streak sometime very soon. Merry Xmas Lakers fans- I really don;t hate unless a poster is continually abusive or uses 5 accounts. And let's face it- this is one of the worst Lakers teams any of you have ever seen.
Sean::You faithful are truly that. You know good & well, even with Kobrick, old#$%$ Nash they would've lost this game by double figures. They are horrible defenders when healthy and Gasol is reverting back to what he was at Memphis.  Phoenix is is just better this year so just stop putting positive spins on an avg. team. Jim Buss gets avg. players no teams wants anymore and Kupchak listens. They sign old all-stars to big contracts to fill the seats. Don't keep cheering when you know in your heart they are becoming the Knicks.  If you were true fans, you'd rally up in front of Staples center and picket this BS strategy they've been doing the last few years. Oh, yes, they are smart businessmen, but you need to protest it in numbers so it gets on TV then they will get the point that fans aren't paying or watching that BS. 1st thing the greedy (f)(u)(k)(s) do is take road games Lakers off KCAL, so you are forced to use TW BS but under the sheets they get how many millions? 500, 700??? no wonder they can give Kobe double what he is worth.  Make a webpage, Facebook page, protest Jim Buss' greed.
Maq::Not a surprising outcome it will be like this for several years to come for Lakers Nation. The Lakers will hover around .500 for a couple years thanks to Little Jimmy Buss and his team's crack staff of former bartenders.  When the Heat blow them out tomorrow and D'Antoni is still coaching after that game you know that would never happen with Dr. Buss he'd be gone.
HIP2CLIP::Now on a more positive note. Doc built the Clippers to win the NBA title
Don'T Feed Dooley::When I bash Kobe it makes me feel like I'm a better basketball player than him, and a better man. Besides, one day Kobe will weigh 500 pounds like me.
Don'T Feed Dooley::I have a 12 pack of beer and a large pizza right here. A gallon of ice cream and a Laker article doesn't hurt either.
Don'T Feed Dooley::And tell them they will be in a 10 year drought, and they are irrelevant.
Don'T Feed Dooley::I probably won't leave my computer chair for at least 4 hours. And then only to use the bathroom.
