R.J._MacReady::"and Turner, a 75 percent free throw shooter, missed both of his foul shots"  That's because he's just another, in a long line of dogschitt, that comes from Ohio State.   Anybody who knows anything knows that.
Ty THE AMERICAN HOPE Lawson::naw KK is a beast.
pdiddy0622::I'm sure 'fans' will somehow find a way to discredit what the Nuggets are doing right now. They will look at the final score and mention how the Nuggets 'struggled' against Philly and barely beat them by 1 AT HOME.  Refs this, Refs that.  They caught Durant on a slump Wah wah wah Good teams FIND a way to win, even when things don't go according to the game plan.  Opponent teams play harder for at least bragging rights on ending a streak. Congrats Denver on this nice streak. And thanx for beating OKC and shutting those idiots up!
coll1605::Seems as though the despite the winning streak, the Nugs keep flying more and more under the radar, so much so that even ESPN thinks there's an Anthony Miller on the Nuggets roster???  "After a timeout, Anthony Miller inbounded to Danilo Gallinari, who handed it off to Brewer, who quickly fired up a 3-pointer as Wilkins slapped him on his left arm, drawing the whistle with 2.1 seconds left."
Frankcee78::You would think with all their knowledge about bball , that they would actually take some time to research the team that they are writing about !! Makes me sick to my stomach when they can't even get the guys name right !!! He has been in this leauge well over 10 yrs!  SFI !!!!
jayeteee::Anthony Miller was on the downside of his career when he came to play for the Broncos.
topreturner::seriously dumbfounded by that. I couldn't believe it
Ty THE AMERICAN HOPE Lawson::jayeteee pcappitelli is one of those hit and run trolls, but he got you guys talking. God for him, and good for the art of conversation.  haha nailed it, bro
jayeteee::*Good. LOL
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::u got UNC in the final 4
Ty THE AMERICAN HOPE Lawson::naw, as much as i wanna homer, i think florida takes em out. saw'll good doe, they're young, pj and reg should be bacl.
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::im glad brewer made his free throws in that situation   but y the hell does it have to be that kind of situation for him to make his free throws
diehardnr1::Is it just me...or does Gallo look like he has put on some extra weight?  Might explain the snail-like drive attempts and poor shooting lately...
jayeteee::Well, his mom is living w/ him now, maybe he should have her cut down on portion size.
diehardnr1::lol... Never thought of that!  Maybe we should write the Nuggets and warn them that mamas pasta dishes are hurting the team...lol
colosportsman::Those confused about Denver clinching a playoff spot first...  It all comes down to the fact that they have more wins (48) than the other playoff teams.and the number 9 team Utah who has 34 wins and 14 games remaining, can only obtain a maximum of 48 wins. . Denver has the tie breaker over Utah..so Denver cannot go lower than the 8th seed. Clippers have 47 wins so Utah which could obtain 48 wins could pass them...GS who has 39 wins could win the division, over the Clippers. Same with Memphis..Utah could pass them.
helmsey::I think people understand it but it is just odd that a #5 seed can clinch before the #3 and #4 seed.
diehardnr1::The NBA...where regular season anomalies like this happen!
PFMDB18::Looking forward to Spurs games, but Nuggets will need a healthy Lawson and Chandler as well as the real Gallinari (who was that guy?)  Will probably need moneys worth ($25mill) out of Iggy and McGee too
helmsey::I don't think Miller can carry a PG load for an entire game.  He's ok as a change of pace and to steady the team but to lean on him for an entire game is asking way too much.
helmsey::The dude runs slower than he walks.  Doesn't seem possible but it's true.
diehardnr1::a little slow??  Between him and Gallo I had to keep checking the NBALP connection speed to see if there was a problem
PFMDB18::His pace is a little slow. "Track team" pace is a huge advantage for Nuggets at home
diehardnr1::Agree 100%   The injuries are understandable....Gallo just seems to be lost...
TheSpecialOnce::I think the Nuggets are the most dangerous team in the west right now.  They have a winning record against all of the top playoff teams, They've beat OKC twice this month. Western Conference is stacked no matter who comes out. Don't think anyone can beat Miami, though.
BurnabyJoeFan::I wouldn't favor the Nuggets over the Heat and I'm a big homer.  However, I think it would be an amazing series to watch.  If the Nuggets do the unthinkable and win a Championship.. they will define how 25 other teams build their rosters going forward.  Lets just worry about winning a playoff series for now though.
BurnabyJoeFan::GoGoBananas34 - Come back to reality dude  enjoy the streak but put down the pipe  --------------------- Go back and read all of your posts.. then have an epiphany that you are a doucher
BurnabyJoeFan::Explain your post... what did I say?  Did I say they would win a championship?  No.. I said it was unthinkable.  I said they need to worry about winning a series.
GoGoBananas34::Come back to reality dude  enjoy the streak but put down the pipe
GoGoBananas34::regular season is way different
diehardnr1::Isn't that what everyone said the year Mavs beat them?
diehardnr1::last year it was a "Prove It" attitude that was prevalent after nosedive vs Mavs.  But the first year of the "Super Team" was more about how many they would win...and most assumed they would win that first year.  But now after getting the ring it sounds like first season all over again...  This is the reason I dislike the Heat...everyone giving the title in October...hope they fall flat again...and again...and again until James walks on them too.
Anaxagoran::Not as much as this year.  The Heat are a much better team than they were then.
pcappitelli::12 wins in a row?  Didn't the Nuggets just lose to the Bulls a couple of games back?  Oh that's right the officials stole that game and handed it to the Nuggets. Yeah put an asterisk next to this win streak.
jayeteee::pcappitelli is one of those hit and run trolls, but he got you guys talking. Good for him, and good for the art of conversation.
GoGoBananas34::The Heat lost to the Magic  That game was an embarrassment  to sports at the end the way the refs gave it to the Heat   24*
BurnabyJoeFan::Ahhh yes... the Bulls and their 'We shouldn't have been caught cheating' stance.. too funny.  So.. anyways.. how's your team doing?
Ty THE AMERICAN HOPE Lawson::terrible, they're something like 3-11 against EC playoff teams this year. look for a sweep come postseason.
Ty THE AMERICAN HOPE Lawson::oh and it's 14 wins in a row.   http://espn.go.com/nba/recap?id=400278454  mad??
Ty THE AMERICAN HOPE Lawson::every nbatv and espn analyst said it was the right call, not to mention it's in the rule book.  http://www.nba.com/analysis/rules_11.html  Section I-A Player Shall Not:  g. Touch any live ball from within the playing area that is on its downward flight with an opportunity to touch the basket ring. This is considered to be a "field goal attempt" or trying for a goal.   mad?  yeah you mad
BurnabyJoeFan::The Bulls are mad at the late call of Goal Tending which caused them to review the play.  They know Noah cheated.. they just think the call was too late and they should have been able to get away with cheating.
SouthStands::LOL...still talking about this?  How was Portland last night? Playing the Western Conference is tough, huh?
diehardnr1::butt still hurting I see....It was a GT!  asterisk or not....
Oaktown1029::Nice job Philly, great foul by Wilkins! geez!
Lebroncouldcareless::THE NUGGETS STREAK IS REAL COOL  THE HEATS STREAK IS A LIL COOLER
GoGoBananas34::The Heat lost to the Magic, so their streak is not real
diehardnr1::not sure its that simple....Most fans thought that SuperStar Studded Heat could pull off something like they have...   NO ONE thought the Nuggets could...
PFMDB18::Schedule a little different as well
Indiansfan1281::Did the person that wrote this story call Andre miller Anthony?  Or am I reading that wrong?
diehardnr1::you mean someone actually reads what these hacks write on here??
thrice1187::yeah he screwed up
Will88088::I invite the entire basketball world to make fun of my Sixers.  Pour it on.. because that was brutal.  Actually I don't even know if they have a word for that kind of performance.  They showed some talent.. ran the floor occasionally, put up 100 points which is rare for these dudes and what happens towards the end.. the Leaderless team crumbles.  They literally gave up.  I dont even know if you can figuratively give up, but their quit was about as obvious as it gets.  I can fault Wilkins for 100 reasons because he looked like a D-leaguer out there, but at least he TRIED to do something, anything.
SouthStands::Can't imagine seeing things from your side of things. The 76ers played with heart and should be commended for that, but yeah, the last 1:30 was as brutal a thing as I've ever seen. As a Nuggets' fan, I'll take the W, but that was an epic collapse by Philadelphia to even open the door for Denver to have a shot.
Will88088::it's like a hj with a carrot peeler
C.Breezy215::Dude we suck I want "our" Sixers to just tank the rest of this season so this game was a good start.
Will88088::I don't want the Penguins model
jayeteee::The thing that bothers me about last night's game is Mcgee doesn't really take his role on this team that serious. He's careless w/ the ball and does some really dumb stuff during the game. Sure he has one or two highlights most of the time but does it really make up for all the turns and lack of rebound numbers? I realize he's still young, but I hope he grows up soon.
BurnabyJoeFan::McGee's minutes are slipping... it's no coincidence.
diehardnr1::JaVale is an enigma wrapped in a mystery inside of a Chinese puzzle box!  He can be SO frustrating at times...and so amazing at others...  I think he is also the only player that hasnt bought into the TEAM concept....Dude seems to think he deserves to be treated like Hakeem or Wilt before earning it.   Hope he grows up and ditches Pierre!
SouthStands::I agree...he needs to mature. I think he's young enough that some of his boneheadedness can be...for the moment...overlooked. That said, it isn't an all access pass to continue on that path. He needs to figure it out.  Kofus has really impressed me this year. He embraces whatever he gets night to night. He is playing very good right now and I've enjoyed watching his development.
helmsey::McGee is definitely getting better rather than worse though.  I think the emergence of KK will help him realize that he has to play fundamentally sound if he ever expects to crack the starting lineup.
Carl Crawford Will Return To Old Form::Nuggets blow
diehardnr1::Nuggets blow....your team out of the water?    Your comment just has the sound of someone who is butt-hurt...
cherryandwhite111::It sucks being a Sixers fan. The owners regardless of who it is always seems to screw it up. We will see what other good players we will trade for nothing in return. They have been doing this for 30 years. Couldn't build around Barkley or Iverson. Iverson took the worst group of players ever to the NBA Championship. Elton Brand was a terrible max contract. Sign a guy off of a major knee injury to a max deal. 20m a year and you get 10 pts 5 rbs. I love and hate the Sixers.
Will88088::they've made one good move in 10 years, and that was drafting jrue holiday.  Not even sure how he's going to work out playing with a bunch of elbow lickers
jayeteee::Bring in Bynum, a guy made of glass and pay him all that money too? LOL Yes, a very bad run outfit.
Will88088::it was a do-over for the other AI
diehardnr1::btw....Thanks for Iggy Philly!
helmsey::I was confused by the Vucevic trade.  He looked to be a promising, CHEAP, big man which is something you look to build a team around.
BryHinkle::I'm just glad the Nuggets don't have to play the Wizards again this year.
helmsey::The #5 seeded Nuggs clinched a playoff spot before the Clippers and Memphis.   Awesome yet confusing.
diehardnr1::you mean the .001%-out-of-3-seed Nuggs?  They actually have more Ws than either and a better record than Clipps...Clipps get the 4 because of leading division...MEM has the slim advantage for 3 (for now) because of less games played...  Still nice to officially clinch...
diehardnr1::reminds me of the fight for the 2 seed during the WCF year.   It came down to the last game and I think a lot of fans were pleasantly shocked DEN pulled off the tie-breaker scenarios for the 2
helmsey::Yeah, I understand it.  But it is odd that the Nuggs have a worse win %, lose the first tie-breaker to the clips, yet still clinch before both them and memphis.
SouthStands::I wanted to jump in here really quick and tip my hat to Philadelphia. What an amazing effort they put forth last night! I know the last 1:30 will be replayed again and again, but 76er fans have something to look forward to. There are some very good player at the core of that roster.  As a Nuggets' fan, I was shocked to see such a close game. I wholeheartedly expected a blowout. The 76ers showed me something and should be commended for not laying down. I won't apologize for the win, but Denver flat out stole that game to extend the streak.
bostonceltics344::I don't think the Spurs have enough in the tank to beat Nuggets or OKC
jayeteee::IDK what people are talking about, in the last 10 games the Nuggets have picked up 4 games on the Clippers, 3 on OKC, and 2 on the Grizz. Stop saying we're not gaining any ground in the standings. Just keep winning and all that seeding will fall into place soon enough. Go Nugget!!!!!!!
diehardnr1::agree they are making headway jayetee....just frustrating that they started the streak in the 5 seed ,and 14 wins-in-a-row later they are STILL in the 5 spot
diehardnr1::still frustrating how slow it is to gain position and how quickly a team can drop position...  Like when DEN made the grinding push up to the 3 before the AllStar break...only to drop back to 5 in a matter of a couple of games.  Do not get me wrong...I BELIEVE the Nuggets will take the 3 (maybe the 2)...just tired of waiting...
jayeteee::To be the best..........you know the rest..........but just look where we've come from. Remember when we were behind Golden State? LOL And now we're, what, 9 games ahead of them. It's not going to be easy to get that 2 or 3 seed, but don't give up hope, it's there for the talking. Our schedule is much more favorable than the Grizz' the rest of the way. We also went from the Grizz having 4 games in hand down to 1 now. Amazing!
Swaim92::I've watched Denver for years in Denver--they've got nothing for Miami. Miami can go at 40% for 35 minutes of a game and still win  Denver always chokes because they don't have a closer. Guys like Corey Brewer don't finish playoff games. Only regular season games against bad teams--which is what this was.    Miami's got 4 closing options you'd take before you took anyone from Denver as a closer.
diehardnr1::uh....Corey has a ring and was praised by Cuban for stepping his game up in the playoffs for the Mavs...after Corey was a Nugget  Corey will take his ring and 2 NCAA championships and continue to be oblivious of your existence...
diehardnr1::oh yeah...didn't Corey's Mavs beat the MIA "dream team" in the Finals???
jayeteee::"The powerful Oz has spoken."
you only YOLO once::"did someone say nuggets???"  - Joe Flacko
jayeteee::Obviously not Joe Flacco the football player. Even he would know how to spell his own name.
PFMDB18::Yeah, spelling can screw up even funny jokes
diehardnr1::Wow...the flags really work!     I flagged the guy that left the virus link on here (roued...something) after reinstalling my browser...and the Mods actually got rid of him....  Have never flagged someone before....does this work on trolls as well??
bostonceltics344::Don't think Celtics will ever make to the finals again.
diehardnr1::strong statement about a team that has survived countless down periods throughout their history....bet your team doesn't have half the rings they do...  And this is from a fan that HATES BOS  (unless they play the LAL or MIA that is)
diehardnr1::more rings than your REAL team that is
bostonceltics344::Nuggets vs Heat = best NBA FINALS ever.
bostonceltics344::Nuggets might end up in the Finals if they beat OKC.
cscobra::they will have to go through both SA and OKC to get to finals, not an easy task
diehardnr1::hmmmm...I honestly think SA gets knocked off first round again
evandziobak15::So proud to be a fan of this squad... The Nuggets of last year and of a few years ago would have lost this game... This team has showed a tremendous amount of guts.. This team has played great basketball... Whether or not we go far in the playoffs I am proud with how this franchise has come around since the Melo trade... Not only are they better team but they are playing with much more heart and determination... Let's keep it rolling and make it 15 in a row against the Kings
Pusherman3::Thank you for showing up C-Brew...everyone else was sleeping.
bostonceltics344::Nuggets were off except for Corey Brewer
ruedsone10::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWDTQmKL1vI
ruedsone10::Nuggets are trying to make a statement:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWDTQmKL1vI
diehardnr1::DO NOT CLICK LINK!!!!!!!! VIRUS ALERT....I just had to reinstall my browser!!!  Jerk!
ruedsone10::Nuggets are trying  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWDTQmKL1vI  to challenge the HEAT
NFLFanFreak::Its nice that Nugget fans are talking WCF or Finals but seriously lets get over the hump that has haunted us for years. I'll just be happy if we advance through the 1st Round this year anything after that is a plus.
Pusherman3::You have a solid point.
NFLFanFreak::You found me out dammit. LOL j/k
RedRaider644::Thank God for that "j/k" ... Without it, I would have forsure thought you to be George Karl.
diehardnr1::Is that you George Karl??
helmsey::It's tough to have such a big change (no Lawson and Chandler) in the lineup 14 games into a win streak and still come out with a victory.
NFLFanFreak::Is it me or does D Rose seem to not to give a crap whether he comes back or not?
cscobra::or he is selfish and knows the team can not win this year so might as well wait until next year...either way he gets paid.
diehardnr1::yeah...maybe...but what if it was YOUR career...would you rush it?
diehardnr1::I think he would rather sit and let the injury heal 100%...this injury has scared Rose...he may never be the same..and knows it...cant blame him really
bostonceltics344::Too bad my team suck. =(
Jonnyb8717::East and West.  There is no reason why you can't have an East team (BOS) and a West team (DEN).  Like NFC and AFC in the NFL.
bostonceltics344::I can't do that because I've been a Celtics fan for a long time.
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::no no no   i mean make the nuggs your 2nd fav team or fav team in the west  fans are rooting for the nuggs in the playoffs if there teams suck or dont make it
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::then join the nuggs bandwagon
dwempy::spurs are the only team that can beat the heat.
cscobra::Denver can beat both so it does not matter than
doof54::Grizzlies can beat the Heat.
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::and if they lose to the nuggets
bostonceltics344::I hope Nuggets fan and Heat fans are satisfied with their team.
rwilliams75::All the talk about playoffs. Last year doesn't matter. It all begins in a few weeks.
dwempy::who?
creative_screenname21::The Heat and Nuggets are the 2 most entertaining teams to watch in the NBA
soldier00013::when i go to boston i'm not even going to wear my Heat jersey, i'm going to wear a laker jersey just to pick a fight
cscobra::they won't fight if you are wearing a Heat Jersey, $@%!$@%
diehardnr1::no fights....not this year....BOS fans would be too busy pointing and laughing
bostonceltics344::Okay?
bostonceltics344::After the loss to the Wizards, the Nuggets got things really going.
jayeteee::I'm fine.
GentleS78::^Look new account
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::he was talking about the rose troll
dwempy::GentleS78 - ^Look new account  very hapy4u
soldier00013::the Heat did the same last year. lol i guess teams get really angry about losing to the wizards.
DRoseIsAMentalMidget::Oh look, a Celtics fan......I thought they all fell of the face of the earth on MOnday night,,,,,,,,,,,
DRoseIsAMentalMidget::Still mad huh??? JT? Is that you??
bostonceltics344::Don't give of $@%!.
Invincible083::Maybe the GM shouldn't tweet out that the last minute of the game was the worst ever last minute in the history of the franchise. Yes, it was bad, but shouldn't the boss keep that to himself and not make it worse?
diehardnr1::Did Cuban buy the Grizz???
joe 1138 2056::my mom told me to go to bed after the end of the third quarter. i was pretty sleepy, but i do remember a lot of bricks around the rim for DEN keeping PHI in the game.
Prospect_417::I like watching this Nuggets team play, win streak is definitely impressive.  They could be a dangerous team in the playoffs, particularly with a top 4 seed.  West Finals or even further perhaps but it'll be tough.
crabbymacintosh::Lets be real though. Nobody's beating the Heat.   I dont even like the Heat.   And OKC takes Denver in a series 9 out of 10 times. I like Denver and wish it wasnt so, but it is.
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::we act like we beat 3-1 in a series   and besides they arent what they where last wear   no harden no dominate bench player to worry about
NFLFanFreak::OKC is really missing Harden they never should of made that trade.
diehardnr1::probably....UNLESS LBJ or Wade goes down...then they will get bounced like CHI did after Rose injury
crabbymacintosh::What if Iggy goes down?  Or Gallo?  Or Lawson?  Stop being stupid.
diehardnr1::well...DEN    Kind of the beauty of having a super deep team that actually plays like a team...
crabbymacintosh::Name one team that would not be affected by one of their top players (star or not) being injured.
diehardnr1::point is that the problem with "SuperStar" led teams is that they fall apart if the star goes out.... MIA is VERY lucky Rose went down or LBJ would still be looking for that first ring
crabbymacintosh::If every player not on the Sixers gets injured they will win the championship.   Whats your point?
Prospect_417::Right now it doesn't look like anybody can beat them, especially in a series.  But people still need to slow it down, in the playoffs anything can happen.
Jonnyb8717::crabbymacintosh - Not really. This isn't the one-and-done NFL playoffs of March Madness. 7 game series is all about matchups. Lawson cant guard Westbrook and Iggy can't guard KD.  Iggy guards Westbrook, not Ty. Gallo/Chandler guards KD not Iggy.  You did not watch the last games between these two teams at all.  GO NUGGETS
crabbymacintosh::One game vs. a career  That's like saying Nate Robinson is as good as D Rose cause he's but up some nice stat lines.
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::crabbymacintosh - Are you seriously comparing KD to Wilson Chandler?  he scored 35 that night    ya i am
Prospect_417::Playoffs are all about momentum, everybody knows that.  So like I said, anything is possible.
crabbymacintosh::Are you seriously comparing KD to Wilson Chandler?
rwilliams75::You don't need to guard Westbrick. Just get in his head and he will implode
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::what and westbrick cant guard lawson   and durant cant guard chandler
sup broski::Iggy can guard KD.  I agree that Lawson can't guard Westbrook though.
crabbymacintosh::Not really. This isn't the one-and-done NFL playoffs of March Madness.   7 game series is all about matchups. Lawson cant guard Westbrook and Iggy can't guard KD.
crabbymacintosh::Great players turn it to another level in the playoffs.   OKC has 2 great players. Denver has none.
diehardnr1::and yet DEN beat them 3 out of 4 during the season...Hope both teams last long enough to prove your theory...
NFLFanFreak::OKC is not what they used to be. They were better last year
Invincible083::You act like they're the Lakers :-)
NFLFanFreak::I hope Boston can give us some help and beat Memphis on Saturday
bostonceltics344::Agree
NFLFanFreak::Memphis is on a b2b though have to go to New Orleans and then come back to play Boston so you never know.
menganito19::i dont know boston only plays good against miami
Heatle Beatle::Wouldn't bank on it, Boston struggles against big teams
knicks_11::idk bout the pelicans  but sacramento  is a good   matchup for u guys no joke
diehardnr1::agree...another trap game in the making....hopefully they learned their lesson and come out fired up
bostonceltics344::Number 15 is coming up for the Nuggets.
DRoseIsAMentalMidget::10 short of what is coming up for Miaim
NFLFanFreak::The Kings
knicks_11::against who?
diehardnr1::I STILL think UTA should give NoLa back its name!   Jazz in the Tabernacle?
soldier00013::lol true that. although the logo is not bad.
LebronJamescancountto7::It is but how can you resist not making fun now?
soldier00013::are they officially the pelican already? i thought that was next season?
LebronJamescancountto7::They could stretch it to 16 before playing San Antonio. Just Sacramento and the Pelicans coming up in the next 2.
