tha mook::If KLove was around, would the wolves still of lost 7 of the last 8? I don't think so...
ball 5o hard::the way he was playing who knows
BreakfastOfChampions1984::I started following this online betting system called SportsBettingStar a couple months ago.  Ive made about 3K per month since I started using the system.  I was searching for a handicapper one day and just google searched for Sports Betting Systems, and it was right there on the first page.
Atl7523::Free Kevin Love....Sorry T-Wolves fans
Atl7523::This Lopez guy isn't a All-Star,Are you kidding me
Atl7523::Al Hortford
ethans1299::So who do you think should be an all-star instead?
Ucannotbesirius::I know all I need to know about Lopez and Howard.  Lopez must stay with the team.  We must secure another bonafide scorer to go deep into the playoffs.
Greygoose crew::Avery Johnson and his son both suck  From  Dwill......
bshowers79::So, has Rubio complained to the media yet that his awful play is all Adelman's fault? I'm honestly just speculating based upon Rudy Fernandez/Juan Carlos Navarro/Jorge Garbajosa logic (I know, unfair to stereotype…) The injuries that the T'Wolves have are definitely sad, but c'mon, is this guy gonna put up even a fraction of the hype?
NYballer6969::Can someone please explain to me why Jerry Stackhouse gets any playing time ? The last game he played well , was the first game against the Knicks ! He even looks weak defensively ! The guy is shooting , get this , .111 in his last 10 games ! Marshon needs some playing time , the Nets are going to need him come Playoff time , might as well get his head on correctly now !
NJLion1992::Let's not forget about Mirza Teletovic.  If anyone deserves more playing time, it's him.  Does anyone know why he didn't play last night?
joeyg1521::stack is absolutely horrible, he has no business on the basketball court at all. Brooks has the ability to create for him and his team mates, giving him 5 mins a game isn't a good way to let him get into the flow of the game. PJ is making a lot of the same mistakes as avery right now, hopefully it doesn't come back to bite him in the $@%.
MiamiHeatwaveLBJ4MVP::Stack is a vet who you can trust on the court, even if he isn't scoring. From what I have seen of Marshon Brooks he runs around like a chicken without it's head, that might be why he doesn't play.
NYballer6969::Hate to say but Stack is looking real old on the floor ...I got that veteran stuff...Vets can look old though , if they are not savvy on the floor ! Right now he hurts the Nets when he enters the game , the team gets very stagnant ! He can be a vet in practice ! In 2 minutes in the game before , he missed a shot , was 10 feet from his man , who dunked the ball , threw away the ball and didn't even jump on a jump ball after a guy tied him up for the jumpball ! "The Association" made him look good for a week in my book !
bradwinsall::kind of besides the point, but when we were in the process of hiring rick adelman, the other name out there for the wolves was mark jackson. personally being a long time fan of his i kinda wanted mark. any thoughts either way from wolves fans how you think the squad would be with jackson at the helm? doing great things in the bay.
MiamiHeatwaveLBJ4MVP::My little brother team (Nets) is doing work! Keep it up, we have a date set in the playoffs, you gotta make it!
mnsoccerguy::The T wolves are back to their place in the standings where they feel the most comfortable, last place that is, just like their baseball brethren the MN Twins. well as least we had a over performing team in the Vikings this year, thanks to Adrian Peterson !!!
bradwinsall::its painful to watch but you gotta pay dues man. this squad is earning success next year. we haven't had even 1 game of a healthy rubio and love with the rest of these great role players. ricky is getting there. klove is a lost cause for the year. but if he changes his badittude and puts in work a healthy rubio, love, pek, AK, shved, budinger, dwill is a strong team. hard as it is to say...patience, patience
timberwolves guy::So we're better without Love how exactly?
joeyg1521::doesn't help when your missing your starting SGs and C. Adelman hasn't coached in a while either
rleroy1967::I wish Terry Porter would have given me a Rubio head's up.  I would have been able to watch something else the last quarter.
IronBC::I wonder what Kevin Love is thinking right now.  This team is not going to the playoffs - just can't stay health.  They looked really good early on even without Rubio and Love.  Thought they'd be in 5th gear by now.
SPGCPA::Dear Billy King.....if a phone call comes in from the 310 area code....IGNORE IT....DO NOT PICK UP THE PHONE....we beg you !!!
Atl7523::Billy King is the worst GM ever thanks for TAKING ISO Joe again lol...What a joke
NYCSTVO::+10000
Dmarr0509::LOL! Best comment I've seen in a while.
relentlessind127::Terry Porter..your garbage lost us the game By not putting in your two most dynamic players
djny2k12::I guess winning is the kryptonite for all trolls.  Knick trolls are nowhere to be found.... Orlando trolls are nowhere to be found claiming how Lopez is a garbage player
djny2k12::One thing that really bothered me is how everyone thinks Brook Lopez is injury prone. He played ALL 82 games for 3 consecutive years since he came into the NBA then his foot injury happened last year. He was sidelined the entire year but mostly because Nets weren't going anywhere otherwise he could've came back earlier. This year he's missed 7 games.
Boyanime2K13::Awww, no more Knicks trolls that ain't fun :/
Mets2410::haha yea looking back on that trade the only team it's worked out for so far is Denver lol
Mets2410::great games for the Deron, Brook, and JJ tonight
Atl7523::Typical JJ...Playoffs come he will choke
rleroy1967::I'm so sick of Wolves coaching.  Pathetic.  Fire them all and bring in Flip!
bradwinsall::honestly i sympathize with rick, family first, but $@%! or get off the pot. gets payed a lot of money to coach this team. you have already said you dont have many years left and wanna win now. so either man up or retire
TimeWarp.::Does anyone else think the Nets just tanked to get rid of the annoying Avery?
Boyanime2K13::Sorry No. Avery did that to himself
ImAWitness06::Still ahead of the lakers at least.
Rezo201::When is the last time a team doubled their total wins from the prior season? Has to be a long time ago.
bradwinsall::not being a hater, but doubling your win total from a 16 less game season isn't kinda astrix worthy.
rleroy1967::I think Carolina will this Season.
Boyanime2K13::Lebron with the Cavs, &amp; Durant OKC
ImAWitness06::I know LeBron did from the year before and than his rookie season
Crooklynism::lol, those idiots
Crooklynism::"just adding Joe johnson won't help you"  -trolls
jrtall3n7::haha, owned
mdtuzo::LOL!!!
DJ_ Ethereal::*ring ring* King: hello kupchak: Hey Billy, howard for lopez,brooks and a pick King: lol, no kupchak: ok, then howard for Lopez straight up King: lol, no kupchak: dammit, howard for Humphries! pleaseee King: i'll call you back
Chicago The City Of Starz 2013::BKN is the benificary of beating up on Cupcakes.... When they face the big boys they will show their true colors. Overtake the NYK tho, Nobody likes them!
NJLion1992::Must be hard for fans like you to deal with the new NBA.  The Lakers are tanking, the Clippers and Nets are rising.  Oklahoma City has a team and they're playing like champions.  It's ok, just dream of Michael Jordan and you'll be able to go to sleep.
NYChe21::Lets use Knicks fan logic:  The Bulls barely beat the Pistons tonight therefore they're lucky and beat up on cupcakes.
159Yanks::I dont think the Knicks are a cupcake team. Neither are the Thunder, Hawks, and Clippers
bronxbombers1215::or Pacers
Rezo201::The Nets have had the 4th hardest schedule in the East, you were saying?
thekola::Kevin Garnett as an all star starter is an abomination.
159Yanks::Nets need to cut down their turnovers though. especially against memphis and houston
Rezo201::Yup, it will kill us against Memphis. Houston, not so much.
Minnysota Vikings::Wolves gotta somehow stay afloat until they get 6 of their players back.
bshowers79::They have Rubio, wasn't he supposed to be the PG of the future?
Porkchop8920::not the same from the torn ACL
NYGIANTSbigbootysmasher16048::If im the Lakers this is what i do http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=bg4ubbo
SPGCPA::that was funny....add Kobe, Gasol, and 3 first rounders....and the Nets still say NO....
Mets2410::well if you're the Nets that's what you don't do lol
Victor070191::Your retarted !!!!! Never!!
CupidsboW55::I agree, never in a million yrs would they trade Lopez, Blatche &amp; Brooks for Howard!!!
Rezo201::You nuts!
rbmw263::D Will scored or assisted on 12 of the last 14 points.  only 2 he didnt account for was the last 2 FT's by Wallace.   Thats the D Will i remember.......
159Yanks::Vote for Brooks Lopez, Joe Johnson, and Deron Williams
Rezo201::Brook, yes. The other 2 don't deserve it this season. Maybe, Joe. That's a big maybe, though.
thekola::do fans vote for the reserves?
thekola::at least 2nd to last count he did. i stopped paying attention after that.
thekola::i dont think we do. and its a good thing too. fans are morons. andrew bynum got more votes than Brook Lopez.
159Yanks::idk
Rezo201::All you see on the Lakers Twitter feed is stuff about Dwight and Brook. lol
NYGIANTSbigbootysmasher16048::Dwight hurt Lakers now 17-25 they are so screwed
Rezo201::I blame the owner and D'Antoni more. The owner is an idiot and D'Antoni refuses to change his style for his players.
thekola::did he get hurt?
NYGIANTSbigbootysmasher16048::injured his shoulder again
NYGIANTSbigbootysmasher16048::More wins than the Knicks YEAH THATS RIGHT!
Rezo201::Dwight has 2 points and 1 rebound in 14 minutes. Wtf?
thekola::Mike Dantoni is an idiot. Neither of his bigs allowed to get into any kind of flow
Boyanime2K13::I Know, Magic Johnson must be proud to see Lebron play..
Crooklynism::just checked the lakers board, they going HAM lol
iNeeroX::lol im scared to go there
Boyanime2K13::Magic Johnson watch out! Lebron with another amazing Triple Double
KMartKidd56::Yawn. Another win.  BKN
159Yanks::Nets have more wins than the Knicks now
159Yanks::And better vs division and vs conference records too
Rezo201::Better home record also. So much for all that KNICKSTAPE at home crap.
NYChe21::That crap got old real quick.
The Original Brooklyn Dynasty::dwight 0 points 2 rebounds??? yea lets trade brook for that doof
skinnyjoe97035::Ya keep brook, we are playing good
thekola::Dantoni is screwing that team up. he wont play his two bigs at the same time anymore. D12 played 14 minutes. That is laughable
DJ_ Ethereal::I guess the lakers are going to reset the season........again  lol
Rezo201::Unless they can reset themselves back 5 years, they have no choice.
djny2k12::Getting greedy as a Net fan....good start on this road trip going 2-0 so far....I'd be happy with a split against either Memphis or Houston. 3-1 road trip has to be the goal...going 4-0 would be awesome!
Twinsbaseball8791::Luke stop shooting the basketball!! You suck!
The Original Brooklyn Dynasty::$@%!. guess toronto couldnt overcome the refs tnight
Boyanime2K13::lol,
159Yanks::Boy this road trip is going to be pretty exhausting. Flying to Minnesota, then to Memphis, then to Houston, then back to Brooklyn.
iNeeroX::True but lets just take it 1 game at a time
Rezo201::We will lose either the Memphis game or the Houston game. The chances of winning both is highly unlikely, I sense a schedule loss.
Rezo201::Yup, back to backs have been unkind to us.
159Yanks::Yeah. Probably Houston because we havent done well when we have to play back to back games
The Original Brooklyn Dynasty::^Hater
BJSaxMan93::Knicks fans are scared
Rezo201::If the Celtics take care of the Knicks tomorrow, we will be tied with the Knicks for first in the division. Eventually Knicks fans will realize the Nets aren't going away.
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::yeah, the Celtics need a win bad after falling below .500
Homerdoh28::The Best Center in NY helps carry the Nets to another W --- Hopefully we will be Winning in Memphis!
Dame Lillard::Refer to each player as Minny JJ or Nets D-Will.  I'm getting confused sometimes...
Djay78924::Shouldn't you be playing right now?
Djay78924::Man, TWolves having a bad year, fell bad of the fans. People really need to give em some more "Love".
Joel52597::we're probably having our best year since about 2004, record wise
mnsportsmaan::d.bag
