Wild Silverback::SUNSSSSSSSSSSSSSsssssssssssssssssssss !!!!
Lindsay Frischenmeyer::Go Grizz from Phoenix! Can't wait to cheer the Grizz on at the US Airways center!
Shawn Bento::Grizz fan living in AZ.  that's... interesting
Lindsay Frischenmeyer::I grew up in Memphis...
Thomas Stefaniuk::Suns fan here living in Nashville. Suns should take this one rather handily tonight.
Graham Horobetz::If JB and Ed can be CONSISTENT, it'd be such a big antidote for our offensive struggles. Once Marc comes back we can make our push to get into the playoffs.
Lindsay Frischenmeyer::Ed is more consistent. I like the pick up of James Johnson. He brings ALOT to the team.
Wild Silverback::COMEBACK TIME !!.. Suns will win by double digits in the 2nd Half.. Just a slow start.. No worries.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Goran Dragic has decided to put the WHOLE TEAM on his back in the 3rd quarter,17 points!
Hans Christian Zambales::he's the real leader of this team. Go Dragon!
Wild Silverback::Wow Suns... Need a HUGE 2nd Half... Against the Grizz???  really?... SMH.
Peter Krane::I hope Marc returns soon.  But, Grizzlies have been doing well, not great.   Grizzlies need to bring their Grit N Grind.  Go Grizzlies! !!
Lindsay Frischenmeyer::I would agree. Marc should be back in a week or 2 hopefully. The addition of James Johnson helped.It does appear they are progressing.
Frank Martinez::It's all about the Suns. 6th seed in the western conference.
Peter Krane::Good game, Suns fans.  Go Grizzlies! !
Adam Rodriguez::Suns will win this one been playing outstanding basketball. Lets go Suns!
Lindsay Frischenmeyer::lol.. just like they did in the last meeting when the Suns were SMOKKEEDD by the Grizz even without ZBo, Gasol, and Johnson.
Sonny Blaze::Lindsay Frischenmeyer - ummm, that game was in Memphis.  maybe u forgot.  whole different story in phoenix and the suns are blazing hot right now.  grizzlies have an aging squad that will have their hands full tonite.  Suns win this game / get their revenge.
Lindsay Frischenmeyer::Sonny Blaze that aging Grizz team smmmookkeeed the Suns again.
Sonny Blaze::since Gasol went down with injury, the Grizzlies have won only once on the road and that was vs. the pathetic Knicks.  without Gasol, they're not able to compete in the west.  they simply don't have enough scoring power and their roster is aged.  Grizzlies will not make playoffs and you will hear rumblings about the bad move they made by dumping their old coach and going with an assistant who had NO NBA EXPERIENCE
Lindsay Frischenmeyer::you might want to re think this comment after tonight.
Reginald Creech::Morris needs to do damage on the interior and let Dragic handle the perimeter shooting
Shawn Bento::Good road win Grizz... only a matter of time before Gasol comes back as well.
Wild Silverback::Blow em out Sunsssssssssssssssssssssss !!!!!
Alan Peirano::I don't know how the Suns have a winning record. I don't even know how they win.
Scott West::Alan because they are a scrappy team, they have the third highest scoring back court in the league and just so you know they are run by a guy who played his heart out in his career..
Alan Peirano::Scott West They need to protect the home floor.  Could not understand how they let a poor Memphis team come in and walk over them.
Scott West::Alan Peirano every team is getting beat by lower teams this season, the other night TORONTO beat INDIANA, I mean it happens some nights you just go cold!
Fred Behney::Without Dragic & Bledsoe this team really would struggle
Jay Smith::Apparently without Bledsoe this team is really struggling.
Reginald Creech::Ok play defense Suns and get some stops....we can win this!I
Fred Behney::the Morris SISTERS are -20 again tonight
Barry Federovitch::Not our night, Suns fans. :(
Shoot Jung::Suns will win!
Wild Silverback::Oh yeah !
Hans Christian Zambales::lets go Suns! btw is that honda tsubasa?
Graham Horobetz::2nd straight game with an awful 3rd quarter performance, luckily we were able to come back from it tonight - last year we were the best 3rd quarter team in the league, wonder why we've been struggling. No Marc is big, but still ......
Brandon Duenas::Suns fans, check out my latest article and let me know what you think! Thanks... go Suns go! http://isportsweb.com/2013/12/31/phoenix-suns-receiving-national-attention/
Brett Skinner::Is the tank card been forced on Phoenix these last few games?  So use to Phoenix taking care of business.  Scoreboard watching got me wondering.
Clark Sweeney::Grizzlies Will Win! 110% How Do I know Cause Conley & ZBO will focus on Js on Their Feet Cause They Know CrazyC has Confidence on the team
Todd Vincent::Grizz will need to give 111% to win this game tonight
Reginald Creech::Is the Dragon a few points shy of a new career high in points or is everyone afraid to say it.
Jay Smith::Kind of irrelevant if the Suns lose which looks like it's going to happen on this night.
Fred Behney::WHY DOES PLUMLEE GET ANY OFFENSIVE SETS ??  HE IS TERRIBLE UNLESS ITS A DUNK
