mr mellow::Another long year for the Wiz.  Back to the lottery have patience John.
acohn22::Hawks getting that 3 seed this year.  They can beat the Bulls, Magic, and Celtics.  They will never beat the Knicks or Heat.  But the Hawks looking really good.  Played terrible teams, but winning by a huge margin, and their bench is deeper than ever starting with Vlad Rad.
zanzibar528::Every loss os one step closer to Harrison Barnes for the Wiz
DC Sports Will Be Good One Day::Rashard Lewis is most overpaid player in NBA History..
mp01170::No chance. Eddy Curry was wayyy more worthless. Rashard Lewis can at least play the wing to some extent (aka when he tries)
thenbaisback20::T-Mac looks like 03 T-Mac.
mp01170::You must not be watching the games. He doesn't have the lift anymore but he's still fun to watch.  I actually enjoy watching him jog on defense.. Stay healthy please lol
daradas2010::Not many top 20 college teams the Wiz could beat. I don't understand why certain nfl and nba teams stink so bad when everybody has the same amount of money to spend on players. The Wiz got nada!
Emmanual8481::If T-mac healthy I see hawks in the final and the steal of the decade.this guy can play good ball n his style is smooth.  He never had the supporting cast like he does now. Kobe james wade yall playing time is over. T-mac is back!
eightbitme::He's coming off the bench, so if anything he's a threat to Lamar Odom, and his sixth man of the year title.  hahahaha
elchupanibre55::T-mac, hawks and finals should never go in the same sentence.
Capsownage2012::Nick Young is a beast why the hell was Flip starting Crawford over him?
Captphilpart3::A Hawks win only distorts that they still have the worst ownership in pro-sports
RepresentATLSports::seriously? i thought it was put through. why the hell would they allow the asg to continue screwing over our city
mp01170::NBA didnt trust Moreno's financial resources.
jimc0907::No the sale of the Hawks was rejected.
RepresentATLSports::hawks got sold. they have new ownership... the ASG IS FINALLY gone after making the thrashers go out of town and signing an only good player to 124 mil contract. i mean wtf
Sandlerbask::i admit i don't know too much about hawks ownership, but i feel like cowboys, and redskins fans would disagree. throw in orioles, pirates, and raiders if al davis didn't recently die.
Captphilpart3::They sued themselves for 5 years
jabbadonut::All the early season jibber-jabber by the ESPN NBA analysts about the Heat, the Celtics, the Lakers, the Thunder, the Grizzlies and the Mavericks is just that. There is a sleeping Giant waiting out there for all those teams, and the rest of the NBA. And that Giant's name is the Atlanta Hawks.
Jthizz69::So I wonder if Blatche is gonna blame his team for his 2-13 showing, hopefully on Tumblr this time.
mp01170::.....Who is this person that has taken over Marvin Williams?? And can he stay for the year?
Jthizz69::well he was drafted ahead of Chris Paul, would be nice if he could continue to play close to that level for a season lol.
thenbaisback20::Hawks vs Heat ECF
Peedyoj::good job hawks!  let's go 3-0 friday!
kanedogs337::Way to go Hawks!
LaneyAChris::Imagine what the hawks would be if they had drafted Chris Paul instead of Mahvin, oh yeah, they passed up on D. Williams too...not showing any hindsight, I was jumping up and down at the time...go back and look at what they had at PG going into that draft, how the #$%$ did they miss that one?
Munger88::Marvin Williams had 14 points and 9 rebounds against the Nets, while Deron Williams had 6 points, no rebounds, and 1 assist. Not saying he's better. But just saying.
kanedogs337::Don't remind us. We are constantly reminded when we watch either of them play.
Dub_M89::Letting Crawford go and getting McGrady and Radmonivich for the cheap is the best mgmt move the Hawks have made in a while. Still think they paid wayyy too much for Johnson though.
kidone34::Who were they going to get that was better than Joe Johnson at that time, no one. He has taken ATL further than anybody. Get him a true center. You cats are looking a gifted horse in the mouth or whatever the saying is. Some fans will never be happy, where would ATL be without him riddle me that
AtlantaWarrior78::johnson is getting paid the most in nba, we were desperate so we had to hire him
reggieinatl::The Hawks will get more wins this year than last year, even with the shortened season.
vaplaya0::Aight atl stomped us with fair calls in the 2nd half...young n singleton better be starters from here onk...good game(for u)hawks fans lol I'm out
JulioJonesBrother::later
cycycychris::GG everyone.  Go wizards!!!!
fsu_nole94::See you Monday b.itches. Heat will show you that you're nothing but a #5 seed. Good game singleton btw. Needs to start
JulioJonesBrother::Later
fsu_nole94::Alright I'll stop trolling since you're a falcons fan. See these Hawks Monday. Later
fsu_nole94::I see your an Alabama fan? Maybe a kicker would suffice? If you're a Falcons fan, I do apologize. Love me some Falcons. MattyIce
JulioJonesBrother::UGA fan. Came up with the screen name after Julio was drafted. Matty Ice is my favorite player. Go Falcons!
JulioJonesBrother::You seem pretty upset to be cussing at us in a game you supposedly don't care about but for one player.  Would a tissue suffice?
fsu_nole94::I came for Chris singleton obviously dumba.ss. Been a Heat through the good and bad
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::It's nothing to a boss, partner. Worry about them sorry a$$ Seminoles first. Ah Ha!!!!
JulioJonesBrother::You're a Florida State fan. I feel bad for you already.
bigjoe93atl2::F U, you no good bandwagon fan. Later!
JulioJonesBrother::LOL you're a Heat fan? You were on here for a while. Perhaps an upset Wiz fan?  Good bye and good riddance.
JulioJonesBrother::Good game Wiz. Good luckt he rest of the year.  Go Hawks
santosanthony::finally put them out of their misery I see
bigjoe93atl2::Good game Nick Young, John Wall, and Chris Singleton fans! Later!
RapCity26::How does this not go OVER?
unclejulio1993::get a job
RapCity26::D Bag
santosanthony::bad play
Element11997::START NICK YOUNG AND SINGLETON
cycycychris::What was that???
mrclarion::Hawks beat another bad team but a win's a win.  Hope the Nets aren't too ticked about the blowout.  We will see on Friday.  I'm out.
bigjoe93atl2::Jordan Crawford's mind is in NBA 2K12...
Element11997::Jordan is looking TERRIBLE.
Dub_M89::LOL, Jordan Crawford pulling from UGA
bigjoe93atl2::Jordan=Jamal, no concious. Shoot em in and out of the game.
mrclarion::Finally Pargo hit a 3!
cycycychris::I hope Mcgee gets back into the dunk contest again.He got some great dunk skills.
vaplaya0::Mcgee!!!!
bigjoe93atl2::Ridiculous dunk
cycycychris::I'll give the refs some credit for the 2nd half.They have called it fair.
JulioJonesBrother::About time...
Element11997::they truly did
vaplaya0::Wall,young,crawford,singleton,mcgee should be our starting lineup
steelerballeroo::damm right  put blatch in dog house he useless
fsu_nole94::Singleton can guard any posistion on the floor so I'd agree with this lineup
unclejulio1993::wall young singleton vesely mcgee
Element11997::Too small
mrclarion::With this hectic schedule, I believe the older teams and the those with weak benches will suffer.  Boston is a prime example.  I think this season will doom the Big 3 or Big 4
Element11997::Jordan crawford and andray blatch are really stinkin it up
bigjoe93atl2::A Teagueover
Dub_M89::Horford should be in a pick-and-pop situation every play. He's only the best mid-range shooter in the league.
unclejulio1993::&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;.blatche
bigjoe93atl2::Lol, All of a sudden, he was their best player in 2010...
fsu_nole94::Dirk?
mrclarion::Yeah. Horford's midrange percentage were higher than Dirk's last year.  Heck I couldn't believe it either.
bigjoe93atl2::Dirk&gt;Horford&gt;David West
bigjoe93atl2::Hawks&gt;&gt;These Trolls...
alsporrts05::Free 3 Team Parlay Picks Every Day <a href="http://www.thoughts.com/lasvegassportparlays/3-team-parlay-play"> CLICK HERE </a>
unclejulio1993::EPIC FAIL
mrclarion::Finally Horford is getting a couple of good touches in the paint
nicklnz::Hawks -8.5
JulioJonesBrother::Wake up and finish the game dangit!
unclejulio1993::Blatche: 2-13 C'Mon MAN!
Element11997::He complains about not getting the ball down low then shoots jumpers all game long
cycycychris::waste of over 7 million dollars
wadlez::He sucks .
fsu_nole94::Biggest waste of money
Element11997::trade him
vaplaya0::Not over yet
RapCity26::Well the over should have hit easy but the Hawks decided to just give up!
RapCity26::Thanks for not showing up in the 4th Hawks? F U C  K I N G LOSERS!!!!!!!
bigjoe93atl2::Screw all the no-good gamblers!
RapCity26::NO FG IN THE 4th! SWEET
