Anthony::I firmly believe Lin has been a better player now than he first arrived from NY. I know he can always score but he has made good progress in ball handling and lowered his TO. Of course there is still room for him to improve. I hope the coach will give him more time to play as a starter, so that he will elevate himself to the next level so that he will prove himself that he will deserve to receive 15m next year.
Mirror::This was a nice win by the Rockets but it was only against the Wizards and they had to fight back to hold on.  James Harden was clutch as always and TJones made big shots.  It's too bad they went away from Dwight Howard when it was working so well in the first quarter. It's disturbing that they had to comeback after leading by so much. Especially after giving a game away the night before. You can tell this team misses Chandler and Bev and honestly Asik too.  No coincidence those are three of the best defenders on the team.   I've heard a lot of trade rumors but no move yet. Git 'er done Morey!!
Yvaine::It ends well. But what was happened in the beginning of the 4th?
Tony Anthony::I swear Randy Wittman needs to be fired. When you come back from a 25-point deficit and have all the momentum in the 4th, but still lose the game, then you know you're a bad coach. This guy has no idea how to manage his players, and no idea how to stop his players from making the same mistakes repeated(ex. John Wall taking STUPID contested mid-range jumpers that he can't make). The Wizards are just disappointing to watch. Wall may be a very talented PG, but he has one of the worst IQs in the league in clutch situations. Stop trying to be a hero!
TheBigB0ss::Great Game by Jeremy Lin and his fellow rockets in tonight's victory.  Lin's ball handling and control of the game gave houston a 25 point lead at one point. However, the lead clearly diminished and even led to a Washington lead in the 4th qtr when Harden took control of the ball and was doing his usual ISO plays and some ill advised feeds to dwight howard (double teams).  During those possessions in the 4th qtr. Howard and Harden combined for 5 turnovers in less then 7 minutes of game play. (They had 10 total between the 2 of them).  With that being said...Lin took over and he found his favorite go to target of the night..tjones with a beautiful dime down low to ice the game away.   Mchale FINALLY gave the ball back to Lin after 2.5 qtrs of initially letting lin create (resulting in a 25 point lead).  the moment they abandoned lin's ball movement...that quickly resulted in poor offensive sequence, after sequence because of poor set up plays by harden and howard.  Defensively...another great performance by Lin (not as stellar as his last 5 games, but still great nontheless).  Wall shot 36% from the field and all 3 turnovers were caused by lin.  Wall is still among one of the more exciting PG in the league and Lin and Wall continued their duel (dating back in their summer camp days when Lin first game notice balling up Wall).  With that said, I will post an interesting thing I learned in my constant quest for knowledge of the houston rockets and their coach. Im still baffled at the way mchale handles not just jeremy lin, but many of his play calling and rotation....(im surprised no other houston rocket fan has brought this up) but look for my other post regarding this topic as it has nothing to really do with tonght's game with the exception of how Lin is being used at Houston.
Max::I didn't watch the game, but a weird on it was.  Nevermind the rain delays or the 25 pt lead/30 pt comeback by the Wiz, statistically it looks so weird.  F Ariza went nuts on the boards, the Rockets bench was no match for the Wizard bench, and Lin had the team's highest +/-.  Just not the type of game I expected.
TheBigB0ss::Upon my quest for more knowledge in understand coach Kevin Mchale and the houston rockets...i continue to read up on articles in Mchale's current stint with the Rockets.  The so called Houston Fans havent offered me much besides criticism of lin's game (I still think these individuals are just closet Lin haters posing as rocket fans lol).  So with that being said, I wanted to try to understand more in giving Kevin Mchale the benefit of the doubt. Its rather easy for me to just write him off as a bad coach that makes stupid decisions lol, but I had to find answers.   So far, I still believe that Mchale is not a good coach (hes not the worst either) and he is definitely the WRONG coach in Morey's philosophy of having the desire from possessing skilled guards that attack.  harden is Morey and Mchale's true harmony, and Lin is what divides Morey and the rest of Lin Nation and Kevin Mchale and serves as a payday for Lin haters.   So, one of the 1st interesting things i uncovered was that there was a huge rift between Kyle Lowry and Kevin Mchale before Lowry was dealt to Toronto.  This was something i was unaware of (since during that time, i was following the knicks because of linsanity).  I am curious to any real rocket fan to chime in on this rift. It also furthers my thinking that Mchale is more of an oldschool type coach that believes the point guard should pass more and dribble less, opposite of what Lin does.  Lin is a dribble penetrating PG that likes to either create a shot or pass to a more optimal scoring option.  This is relevant to the fact that Lin is marginalized by Mchale's coaching philosophy. That and I also feel he doesnt give Lin enough credit.  With Asik and Lowry, thats 2 players that are disgruntled in Mchale and Houston.  In Mchale's defense with Asik, he did try to start asik along with d12 but that was a failed planned.  so, as i continue to learn more about mchale's deficiencies and his philosophy on the game, its key to note that mchale is VERY fortunate to have someone like Lin's personality. To accept whatever role given to him and let the fans do the complaining (Im definitely one of them lol).   With Lowry, he obviously wasnt quiet about his views on mchale and we all know asik's public trade demands.  Houston...you guys are also lucky...that lin is able to play with humbleness.....i say lucky because when you have players that DEMAND to the public they are unhappy and want to be traded...you give LESS leverage to your General Manager when making a deal, they know you are more in a state of urgency to trade that player.  One of the possible reasons they were unable to move asik earlier before his real injury.
Joe::for once our forwards actually matched or even out played the opposing 3 and 4. Good job rockets.
Mary Anne::At least it took Mchale only one game to realize that picking Harden over Lin to facilitate was a BIG mistake.
Duane::Nice Try Washington... Keep your head up...
