PutYouOn::old as geezers
benji200925::Wow, Clippers losing at home, again. This was a snooze game with way too much ref involvement - I turned it off early. Losses like this make me think Clips'll be first round out, though give credit to Boston I suppose.
Celtics17Banners::Celtics fans were over taking the Staples Center Sunday &amp; Monday. The Greatest NBA Franchise with the greatest fans.
mark35345::Love or hate Boston you gotta love the fact that they don't stiff games: they bring it every night. Thank you David Stern (for voiding the Laker trade)! I'm not enamored with Chris Paul. When you put an athlete on him like Rondo or Rose - he's so much more the mortal. Chris Paul looks limited come playoff time.
fathale::Hate Boston but agree with all you said.
fathale::Good thing Clippers fans claimed the championship back in December because they won't get one in June. Same old Clippers.
Lakermagicshowtime::I believed they were going to be good but not championship level, i been saying it all along Donald Sterling is the owner!!!!! The surprisng thing was that there were Clippers fans besides the ones that i know they been fans of the Clippers thru all the suckiness and you can count them with one hand here. The bandwagooners are quiet,but losing Billups deflated this team i wonder if sterling is willing to spend some money to help CP and Blake, nope dont think so,they be gone after next season
fathale::Billups was key. Sterling deserves this.
ZachC1965::The Celts should trade Bass for Howard...
Markansas5377::Clippers need to get a new head coach. Sorry Vinny. You were pretty good as a player, but I don't think you're cut out to be a head coach. At least not yet, and not for this Clipper team. There is too much talent on this team for you not to be able to find a way to win in clutch situations. When you're down, you're pretty good at making comeback runs, but when you're up, you are HORRIBLE at keeping the lead.
Soonerhopeful1::" Stop using the coach"  ,   well lets take Doc Rivers then and give Celtics VDN....!    Maybe Chicago knew something when they released VDN.. Clippers look like the VDN Chicago team; lots of talent which is not realized or consistent play...               Plex   is   VDN's  Mother...!
pleX.::stop using the coach as a scapegoat and look at how the players performed, especially chris paul.
clippsallday::Clippers needa to have better spacing nd a better rotation in the game nd when Blake gets the ball in the post someone freaken cut to the basket nd get an easy bucket.
Tj22-23-2::Someone should tell that dumb$ss GM of the Celtics you don't trade rondo to the enemy lakers fuking dumb@ss
Bammonb99::$@%!$@% GM? Same $@%!$@% that brought KG and Allen to the team and won them a championship? Is this the $@%!$@% you speak of?
fathale::Yeah. that trade for KG and Allen was a real tricky one. Had to be a genius to make it, right?
ken b good::If he trades Rondo to the LAKERS he is a $@%.........GM. Please make that trade Mr. Danny....please
KingchristopherII::rondo will not be traded
PatsCeltsRI::How come whenever the Celtics lose they are done and should disassemble their team immediately, but when the Celtics win, they are back and are playoff contenders?
KingchristopherII::that is true the celtics only went to line the second half on sunday like 3 times
Bammonb99::Ohh get over yourself
sokal-surf::For the same reason when the Celtics lose it was the refs fault and the other team cheated via the NBA conspiracy; and when the Celtics win it was a hard fought, scrappy and full of heart victory...
fathale::Yep, Conspiracy. It's George Bush and Karl Rove's fault.
ZachC1965::When a team that's not getting fouled shoots 24 FTs in the fourth quarter, there actually probably is a conspiracy.
bushwild11::The clippers are having some problems but blake griffin is still putting on a show his dunks are crazy sometimes http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWAKQCdGY3o&amp;feature=channel he's the one ture guy i can say i will pay to see play any night against any team
fathale::Any night? Not any night in May or June.
blazers3333333::but they lost sooooo
Be safe...wear a Jimmer::"You've got to win, or you lose" That's some knowledge being shared with all of us by Chris Paul
ghettofab562::Lob city vs the celdicks....The only winner was the Lakers
Bammonb99::Plus no one in a clippers/celtics board cares what a troll from the lakers has to say.
Celtics17Banners::I dont think he can like his post 5 times you dumb shiet
ACandOJ::Enjoy the bus ride back to mediocrity...or worse.  And liking your own post
ACandOJ::Plus nobody cares about titles that were one over 40 years ago....nobody on this site was alive to see them
dale wrenn::You living in the past dude nobody cares how many titles they have all we care about is this year.
cool.dude44::17 NBA Tittles.... Enough said.
Bisla23::more than your franchise's whole existence
elibird123::Maybe because most to the Lakers titles were won in this lifetime and the Lakers fans were around to see them......LOL Lakers fan since 70' saw our first title in 72'.
fathale::The team that played in a 10 team league, I think.
cool.dude44::Who won eight titles in a row?
cod4hooper::It cracks me up when Lakers fans throw the whole rings argument in teams' faces, but then the Celtics do the same thing to them and then they get to dictate which time period of won rings is relevant. Ignorance at its finest.
ken0746::and how many of them are in the last 2 decades??
3KidneyJoe::The young boys can still learn from the old guys. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TtJawsitMsA
dankrobinson::I used to love KG, since he's lost a step his dirty $@% play on defense and elbows, intentional shoves, mean-muggin, etc are just obnoxious.
fathale::Fake tough guy.
KingchristopherII::chris paul is better than rondo thats bull crap
fathale::What a difference a little punctuation would make.
KingchristopherII::im sure the celtics would have won against the lakers if they had a big man playing
fathale::I'm sure my aunt would be my uncle if she had balls.
the_alba_bang::"I'm sure the celtics would have won against the lakers if they had Bruce Wayne playing".... see how easy that is.
Clipshow07::I hate to say it but the ugly head of the Donald Sterling curse is rearing it's ugly head. I really thought this year would be different...but then the Chauncey injury and ever since we have been the same old  Clippers. Our defense is absolutely embarrassing, pathetic, non-existent garbage.  This team is never going to do squat with Donald Sterling, the worst owner in the history of sports, at it's helm.
Lakermagicshowtime::Just realized he runs the team?thats why i keep saying this clippers experiment wont last long you have the worse owner there is, CP or Blake cant overcome that fact
ustna::I love Laker fans coming in here.... I really do. It just proves how pathetic they are.
ACandOJ::What's funny is Clips fans crying about Lakers fans when Clips fans have been beating their chest since they got CP3 &amp; LA didn't....
Allen6338::Thanks for that information I did not know that but buddy keep watching the standing maybe you will learn something. It is easy to post without a brain ustna next time try borrowing one:(
Allen6338::and so the intelligent guy post to someone without a brain....
MaineMoney23::you are proving it is certainly easy to post without a brain....
Allen6338::I am a Lakers fan and I am on many boards being a ESPN insider allows me that ability is something wrong with that Clipper loser:(
fathale::They did just "recently" overtake first place. Yet there is no sign the Clippers are done heading south.
ustna::Yes, there is something wrong with that...  First of all, you don't need to be an Insider to access other boards. Second, You are wasting your $ being an Insider. Been there, done that. Thirdly, your team just barely overtook first place...
bizzo.james::Funny since I've seen you on numerous Laker boards.
Allen6338::It proves that we like to see the Boston team beat your butts after we took care of them enjoy 6th place knuckle head:(
fathale::You're a kid who is home schooled posting for your daddy? I could tell by the grammar.
Allen6338::I am home school I thought you would know that:(
MaineMoney23::wow - you have a child who should be in school posting for you on ESPN becuase you cannot figure out a computer?  on that note i am off, your parenting skills mimic your literary skills....
Allen6338::My daddy was wondering do you make 6 figures like him so you can post all day or are you a third grader like me:)
Allen6338::I do not  posts my third grade child is off posting what I tell him so again you have posted like a true idiot:(
MaineMoney23::but thank you for the schooling - clearly by your lack of ability to construct a sentence you didnt have elementary schooling much less basketball schooling.  "it may be obvious that they know one another team".  outstanding!
MaineMoney23::yes clearly because KG, Allen, Bynum, Gasol, etc were on ALL those 17 and 16 championship teams - genius - the players havent played each other for 50 years - what does the battles of Russell and Wilt have to do with today?  hmmm
Allen6338::I can see you do not know basketball so let me school you. When a team has 17 and 16 Championships it may be obvious that they know one another team. If the Flippers had half the knowledge about the Boston team last night maybe they could have won knunkle head:(
MaineMoney23::you snuck a win by 3 points on your home court against a Celtics team that has no center?  have fun getting bounced in the 1st round Fakers
AdamSaidThis::CP3 is over rated. Not exactly sure why...I guess it's people starring at stat sheets. When you see CP3 against Rose, Rondo and DWill...it's clear that they are better.
the_alba_bang::Comparing other nba players to Jordan is like comparing other biblical figures to Jesus.
ustna::Ok, I guess that Joe Dumars was better than MJ. Right?
MaineMoney23::rule of thumb - anytime someone compares ANYONE to MJ, dismiss them immediately because they clearly dont understand basketball....no one is on his level, and anyone who watched him play knows it goes far beyond his amazing stats - he OWNED the game anytime he wanted to and more importantly (pay attention LeBron lovers) anytime he HAD TO.
big1dunny::Jordan record head to head vs Dumars = 31ppg vs 15ppg. Jordan had a 37-33 career win loss record including playoffs. You need to STOP making bad comparisons. lol
big1dunny::Did Dumars have better stats head to head vs Jordan? Nope. Rondo, Rose, D-Will all win over CP3 but also win the individual battle and have better stats head to head. Show me where Dumars held Jordan to 37% shooting from the field during a 6 game losing streak. Because that's what Rondo has done to CP3
Allen6338::CP3 is not that kind of Superstar he needs a Kobe or Lebron or Wade or even Carmelo to make him look good that is why it cannot work Griffin is a joke he is only dunks the ball if Paul can get it to him. Paul should have brought his a s s to the Lakers he would be sitting pretty right now without trying to be a SUPERSTAR LIKE THE BLACK MAMBA:)
rmh61284::ball dont lie
big1dunny::CP3 is 0-5 for his career against Rose. 0-6 last 4-years against Rondo. 4-13 career against D-Will. Loses the game and gets outplayed by Premier PG's in the league. Stats don't lie lol
the_alba_bang::Whoa! I love this stat. I'm not a CP3 hater by any means. The kid has heart outta this world, but when you got numbers like that, it just says a little something about your competitiveness.... either that or CP3 has been playing with sh*tty teams his whole career...until now of course.
rjbuckingham12::I watched a first take debate over kevin love and b griffin.  This Rob guy says he would take griffin because even though his numbers aren't as good, his numbers translate into wins.  Anybody else understand this logic?  and how do you get that job?  Do you just walk in there?
Clipshow07::Really? Have you looked at how bad we are lately?? Griffin's play has translated into about 2 wins over last 10 games. Don't get me wrong, I like Blake but the guy cannot play defense.
cool.dude44::Rondo proved that he is the superior point guard to Chris Paul. The old guys proved that they can still compete. Go Celtics!
big1dunny::For all the crap people talk about Paul being the best pg in the league why does he always get abused when he faces the premier PG's in the league? D-Will destroys him every time they play. Rose does the same. Rondo made him look foolish last night and does it too him every time they play.
big1dunny::CP3 is 0-5 for his career against Rose. 0-6 last 4-years against Rondo. 4-13 career against D-Will. Loses the game and gets outplayed by Premier PG's in the league.
rjbuckingham12::He plays the hype game correctly.  Demand a trade and ESPN will assume you are a superstar
ustna::So Drexler was superior to Jordan????
big1dunny::Jordan career head to head with Drexler 35ppg and 13-8 win loss record.
cool.dude44::Comparing someone to Michael Jordan? Nice.... Because no one comes close to his talent level.
big1dunny::Did Drexler beat Jordan 6 time in a row and hold Jordan to 37% shooting over those 6 games? Because that's what Rondo has now done to CP3 dating back to 2008. 0-6 against Rondo in last 6 games lol
GamecockDolphin::No, Jordan was second to no one (w exception of wilt but thats a different position all together) but that doesn't have much to do with the fact that Rondo is a smarter PG than Paul...Paul just has a more consistant shot and Rondo can see and play the court better...
marvin alston::In other news....Moss is on the way back to Cali huh
Jc0516::lob city bit.ch lob lob city bit.ch brick bricks bricks no winning bit.ch
PlayaMade5::Wow, Clippers lost again. Thats not good, CP3 would of done bttr with the Lakers.
KingchristopherII::shump is that you
Phil Jackson in Montana::People dont see what player is really bringing the Clippers down. Its Caron Butler. He is shooting horrible. In the last 5 games, he is 9-39 and the Clippers are 1-4 in those games. He's only averaging 12 points/gm.
clippsallday::For Kobe? ^
ACandOJ::Caron is welcome to come back across the hall to the big locker room
SportsFANaticPC::yes, find another perimeter player than Coron Butler, i'd take JJ reddick lol... then send coron to magic to make the magic think they are building around dwight
PlayaMade5::Also; there is NO reason why somebody off the bench is shooting more than the WHOLE team (M.Williams)
SportsFANaticPC::if Mo had the same size as coron, he wouldn't come off the bench, he'd play over him
ustna::Agreed 100%
big1dunny::Rondo OWNS CP3. Rondo is now 6-0 in the last 6 games head to head dating back to 2008 against CP3. And Paul has a combined FG of 30-81 shooting. That's 37% shooting. CP3 ALWAYS struggles to get off good shots against Rondo's D.  Rondo &gt; CP3
rmh61284::who cares if whos who a punk, everyone in the NBA has an attitude and is a punk, comes with the territory, especially being a point guard...  awful argument
SportsFANaticPC::didn't say CP3 wasn't. i'm saying Rondo is a great player, with the ability to create negative tension among team and coaches aka a punk.
big1dunny::He's also proven he can win. Boston won a title and went to 2 NBA Finals with Rondo. What has Paul ever won at any level? He cried and whined his way out New Orleans. Gets outplayed whenever he goes head to head with premier pgs. And for all the Rondo is a punk RUMOR talk he has NEVER punched a player in the junk or had the tons of dust ups and classless acts CP3 has had. He's the real punk
SportsFANaticPC::true, rondo is just a punk.  great player, high IQ of the game, but doesn't change the fact he's a punk that can create a lot of animosity in the locker room.
big1dunny::And CP3 is a dirty player who likes to punch people on the court. Yet Rondo is the punk?
ustna::Correction:  Rondo's D &gt; CP3's D
ustna::&lt;.&lt;   Not sure if serious...
big1dunny::Not just D. Rondo is a better passer, better rebounder, better defender, and tougher then the fat boy. CP3 is only a better scorer. Other then that Rondo is better at everything else
Mania-Mar::clippers have lost  8 of 12 THEY ARE BACK!!!
GamecockDolphin::They were never gone...Just over hyped.
SportsFANaticPC::I'm sorry, this game was exciting, but it was a bunch of $@%! in my opinion.  Letting teams play is garbage basketball... if i wanna see people shoving, pushing, grabbing, hitting, being as physical and not calling it... I'd go to harlem and watch the hood play.  How can you play when you have a 6'10 garnett just throwing his weight around with his hands, he's the biggest cheater in the game... seriously it's stupid.  He pushes someone every play, grabs someone every play, you're old, we get it, you don't have to keep cheating.
SportsFANaticPC::with that said... the Clippers have one of the worse half court sets in basketball... (pass it in, kick it back out to the guy that passed it to you, re post, repeat system)  It's horrendous. But if the league will let the celtics play as cheap as they did last night, then the Celtics can beat anyone.  No team can deal with a bunch of guys literally shoving you on ever screen, leading every screen with shoulders, blantantly pushing you out of bounds when you box out... Guess i should teach my high school kids that all you gotta do is just shove someone, forget fundamentals of the game, just push and shove, and then $@%!$ because the officials called you on a foul... Garnett
ken0746::Welcome to the Big Boys league...your boy has no move beside dunking the ball real hard.
MaineMoney23::yeah, try watching your boy Blake "all i can do is dunk and make Kia commercials" Griffin on offense - he commits about 8 offensive fouls a game that arent called because the league has to protect their sportscenter top 10 highlight reel.  Whining will get your team no where, the same place it has been since it was founded....
marvin alston::Newsflash Clipper fans, you can run L.A. whenever th Muthaf$%$#%n World Champion L.A. Lakers say you can ...and not b4.
ustna::Arent the Mavs  champs?
ustna::In that case the World Champion Philadelphia 76ers say "Hi"
SportsFANaticPC::guess the heat are champions, and the sixers, and the pistons, and the spurs, and warriors, etc, etc... a lot of champions in that league my man
marvin alston::And i didnt say defending Champs I said Champion and that would apply to anyone who has the hardware and th Lakers have plenty...
ustna::No $@%!....
Mania-Mar::the mavs arent from LA smh
AdamSaidThis::3 problems with Clippers.  1 Coach is horrible. 2 Blake is as one dimensional as a player can get. 3 CP3 is not nearly good enough to be the best player on a great team.     He can be a great 2nd option though...but he needs a better player to take the load off.
ACandOJ::So I guess we can finally put an end to this Lob City garbage &amp; the Clipps challenging in the West.  I'm glad they dunk a lot...so does my local high school team.
badger972::Greg, your 2 blk, 2 steal, 1 assist, 2 rebounds for 22 min may not be fantastic, but good enough. Keep going!
vmanetti15::C's show they have the ability to beat elite teams in the league i truly believe that when playoffs come we can make1 more run 1 more time and get the trophy but it will be very hard but we are more than capable of doing it
Jc0516::boston is NOT elite FAIL
cool.dude44::17 NBA Championships=ELITE. #FAIL^
vmanetti15::they can take the heat 1st round now bulls would be tough
AdamSaidThis::Problem is...the elite in the east are REALLY elite. Bulls are long. Heat are fast.   C's need to avoid them in round 1. Get some momentum going.
marvin alston::True but th Celts r poised to sneak up on somebody because nobody is expecting them too. Remember, they r too old.
marvin alston::H3ll yeah its gonna be hard to do but you have a team and its gonna take a team effort. These young punks call it old but us old guys call it experience so when you get a chance help those young wetnaps to Experience an old fashioned @ss whippin.
vmanetti15::ya hopefully then can get hot in the playoffs
big1dunny::Rondo put CP3 over his knee and spanked him like his son. Frustrated and totally took him out the game. And this aint the first time, Rondo has outplayed and made CP3 look silly for about the last 3-4 years whenever they face.
marvin alston::Thats true but with all th s%^%$t th clipps been talking i was lookin for a beatdown and they couldnt stop KG and in the 4th P.P. Killed those young fast strong tough wet behind the ears nonteambasketball playing sissies
KingchristopherII::looks like rajon is  the best in the game
KingchristopherII::rondo made cp3 his bit.ch like he did lin
marvin alston::The Vets call that (what th clipps r showing) a CLUSTERF%^%$K
Allen6338::The Clippers know now that they are not going to beat the elite Lakers after losing to the Boston team the the LAKERS  beat. Chris Paul you should have came to the Lakers this will cost you in the future just stay tune. Griffin is a joke all those junks does not help the team get better he is not a very skilled player that is why since Billups has been out your record is 8-10. There is no replacement for  succcess and the Lakers have it and the veteran Billups had it  welcome to reality bums:( CP age showed up and Rondo made him look average at best I wonder what the Flippers fans think now kinda just like Linsanity it has disappeared:(
454Brandon::well look at what happened to "lob city",lol
Dwayne_Johnson23::Rondo outplayed CP last night
Allen6338::The LAkers are Champions of the West the haters must know even if they under achieve they are better than almost all of the teams in the West and even the whole NBA:) Boston found out earlier they still are battle tested period:)
marvin alston::True and all that s%^%$t they talked about th Cs and Lakers looking old and wheelchairs and ben gay i mean really WTF Was That.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Just something to talk about.  It's sorta funny when people hate on the lakers.  They're third in the standings in the West and still haven't figured out their identity.  I'd take that all day
marvin alston::WTF was that...
Sir_Volan::Lol, Clippers own LA huh?
Allen6338::we cannot mix fantasy with reality..:)
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!!
nba is the worst::So are the Celtics going to end the year .500+?
AdamSaidThis::8 - 10 since Billups went down.
jratman1::Caron Butler can't shoot.  Bench him.
Sir_Volan::defense
CD Dogg::C3PO is imitating Kobe by wearing a mask now?
Allen6338::I think he should found another mask it has taken away some of his speed he looked slow last night and much like a tiny worm with that mask on:(
pettsmagee::after watching that game last night, never realized how much of a fa/g blake griffin is
TheCarterEffect::Seriously, who cares about Baseball? And the NFL has made football into a pass happy league. There's essentially nothing exciting about football anymore outside of how long you can throw it. Receivers don't even get credit anymore. And Goodell is treating QB's the same way some pastors treat choir boys. It's a joke now. Basketball &gt; Football and Baseball. Oh and Basketball player actually PLAY, not just stand on the field for 5 minutes then sit on the bench for 20...
pettsmagee::yikes, you are definitely the minority there.  basketball can be such a joke sometimes...whistle every 30 seconds, most inconsistently called sport, and so many diva players.  plus stern making refs give out technicals for arguing a call is a lot more pus.syish than overly protecting QB's. ill take football, baseball, and hockey over the sh.itty nba anyday
winters999::baseball and hockey over the nba?  football maybe.  but hockey and baseball? at least you can say for the most part nba players are free of PEDS.  and it is hilarious to hear barry melrose try to defend fighting in hockey.  if hockey adopted a "if you fight you are thrown out of the game rule"  they would lose 75% of their fan base
