CosmoKramer1444::Best game Dallas has played.
justfilmit::What is the T Wolves record again?
Mavsolute Beast 41::this tool is laker fan trying to ride the wolves haha
Mavsolute Beast 41::StraightCash81 whos trolling? im a lakers fan at the game 53 Seconds Ago   Like  Reply  Flag
StraightCash81::WOLVES 2  MAVS 0
StraightCash81::TWOLVES 2 MAVS 0
Mavsolute Beast 41::StraightCash81 whos trolling? im a lakers fan at the game 53 Seconds Ago   Like  Reply  Flag
schrandt::Cleveland 1 TWolves 0 RAPTORS(lol) 1 TWolves 0
StraightCash81::ok keep telling yourself wins dont mean anything
texasrami::LOL Dude u could write what ever u want im out. Face it MAVS are better team than the wolves TBH and the 2 wins dont mean much.
pepe101245::T-Wolves? arent they a baseball team or something.
StraightCash81::wow cant believe ur still here
StraightCash81::they are the team that stomped dallas twice already this year
Mavsolute Beast 41::He's Laker fan...that explains everything..I busted him at the Bucks-Lakers board lol
texasrami::WOW cant believe ur still here
texasrami::T-Wolves suck A$$
StraightCash81::MN&gt;TX
StraightCash81::TWOLVES&gt;MAVS  MN&gt;TEX
Rambomonster9::Enes Kanter is a beast.   Corbin is stupid to not give him more minutes.  His rebounds per minute are crazy
JeffreyBond13::Why are Wolves fans in this conversation?   But something for ALL posters to read. Unless you actually play for the Wolves or Mavericks or Cowboys or WHOEVER. Stop saying "WE" won, or "WE HAVE ____ Championships".  YOU haven't won anything. YOU don't play on the team. YOU are simply a CONSUMER. Sports teams only want YOUR money. YOU don't mean anything to the owners if YOU are not spending money to make THEM profitable.  It's entertainment, stop living vicariously through other peoples SUCCESSFUL lives, and attaching yourself to their careers. Please go do something on your own worth talking about.  I normally wouldn't post anything but i felt this message needed to be said once and for all. Some people's lives just baffle me.  And yes I AM A WOLVES FAN, a FAN. I am NOT part of the TEAM. If they LOSE, i can go about my day. It doesn't affect me, and why should it? Cause I don't actually touch the court... And neither do you...
Vikeslegit::timberwolves owned this board last night. Nothing but ashes.
WashingtonStateCougs061::haha wow there really is nothing to do in minnesota...that explains all of the idiots that were on the board.
mikeparsons420::The Timberwolves wont make the playoffs this year or the next 5 years...They are laughing stock of the NBA. The Mavs are the champs of the entire NBA.  Im sure its hard for the Mavs to get up for a game against the lowly T-Wolves. I know its hard for me to even watch the T-Wolves vs Mavs games.
StraightCash81::yeah real hard to watch your team lose by 15 plus both games vs the wolves hahahahaha
pepe101245::I have never seen a team fanbase get so hyped up from a regular season win, you know they mean nothing.... the wolves arent even in position to make the play-offs.......
Goaggies737::Alright T-GIRLS this is the cold hard fatcs  Dallas mavs titles 1 twolves titles 0  dallas cowboys titles 5  vikings titles 0     ummmmm nuff said go TEXAS
Txboy12345::Hey can't forget the spurs :)
baseketfoot156::Since when did the Wolves have a fanbase? No wonder Garnett left.
moneyray82::By the way Wolves fans, if the season ended today you guys wold still not be in...Lol. The Mavs are in the six spot with a 12-8 record, sorry guys you lose...Lol!
StraightCash81::any time soon? wow you really dont know anything about basketball
moneyray82::You keep telling yourself it's not true...you know as well as I do the wolves aren't sniffing any parts of the playoffs no time soon...you guy's season high will be beating the Mavs twice...lol
StraightCash81::nice assumption there. keep telling yourself that
moneyray82::And when it does end you guys will still be left out...you lose
StraightCash81::too bad it doesnt end today! hahaha you lose. nice try though
moneyray82::Wolves fans bragging about beating a Mavs team without Dirk...Lol!  That's like us bragging about beating the Lakers without Kobe...You guys are pathetic.
gowild123442::we beat u guys with dirk 2 $@%!$@%
schrandt::With Dirk on a bum knee...the reason he's not currently playing.  I don't get how you're proud of this so much.
StraightCash81::darko&gt;dirk
catimmerman::I'm a big wolves fan, and I love what they're doing this year. But c'mon guys stop trolling in here and show some class. Last time I checked the Mavs won a ring last year (against them heat that noone likes). Atleast wait until the wolves prove somethin, show some class
StraightCash81::twolves nation
StraightCash81::WOLVES 2  MAVS 0
Jaggerton::I don't know how or why this turned into a Wolves-Mavericks debate.  People were talking about it a lot after the Wolves beat the Spurs, so I figured I'd check it out.  Rick Adelman has a TON of experience coaching in the Western Conference; it makes perfect sense that with a new infusion of talent, they would more readily beat the most consistently successful franchises than straight-out-of-the-shoebox freakish talent juggernauts like Miami and OKC.  The Mavs and the Spurs have had winning records for what, 12 years?  It's no wonder the Wolves are winning against them - they've been beaten into submission by them for a very long time.
StraightCash81::dallas 1 minneapolis 5
mattyward80::Mavs 1 T girls 0000 rings
mattyward80::Dammit the T-girls act like the won the final sheesh....
eliassteve::Roddy should start. Time for Kidd to hand over the keys to him.
Dank Darvish::Damn I guess Dirk wasnt playing about those comments he made.
StockonToMalone::I was thinking we should keep everybody for now, and let the season play out and when it comes draft time we can use those pieces to move up in the draft to get a big name prospect like we did with d will
KennyS562::Milsap had a -14+/- which insinuates that though he had a good statistical game, his opponents outplayed him.  Analyzing the boxscore, it looks like the only big that contributed in a positive way was Kanter
TskeTch33::Its just so hard to decide what to do. Were letting teams do what we did to them last year in all those crazy comebacks and sometimes it seems like everyone but millsap came to play. We cant get used to losing. We better run them kings outta town tomorrow!!!!
azzers214::I just came by to check the box score.  And stumbled on the most improbable conversation of all time.  Twolves fans trolling the Mavs?  Whaaa?  I thought a team had to be a playoff contender before they started being obnoxious to other playoff teams.... go figure.
StraightCash81::wolves&gt;mavs
StraightCash81::and the last mavs win vs the wolves was?
SouthDallas40::What a reach...
animastroh::and the last wolves postseason was?
StraightCash81::TWOLVES&gt;mavs
Cardinals542::how was the game? how did my jazz do? I just went online and I looked at the magic, knicks, and spurs losing because those were upsets, IMO.
TskeTch33::About as good as jimmer fredette playing defense on lebron james... There not playing very good right now
StraightCash81::TWOLVES&gt;MAVS
soloboyd::Haha, I thought you Wolves trolls were gone.
TskeTch33::Its sad but at this pace, I dont even see the jazz ending up above .500 at the end of the season. Unless KOC can make a major trade with harris
KennyS562::scow, I think that is exactly what the "Jazz are going to be the next OKC, and make the playoffs this year" are overlooking. They have good pieces but need a PG really bad
TskeTch33::no kidding its all down hill from here
scow79::I don't either.   They have had a very favorable schedule thus far
The Utah Joker::The Jazz need to get back on track tomorrow with a young team the good times can be great or the bad times can be terrible
soloboyd::Your future is brighter though. The Mavs have to win now. (Unless we can get Dwight and Deron)
soloboyd::How about Roddy B versus you guys I don't know why you make him so good.
nraudigy2::I am out. You know real Mavs fans dont hate the Wolves because we know the Wolves isnt a contender yet.
_sohum_::im out  the mavs lost 2 games to the wolves noone can argue they are better sorry...wait till next year
scow79::Same for the Wolves and the Jazz.   Jazz are better and no one can argue otherwise
dallasmavs255::9-10, lottery team, 0 championships. MAVS &gt; wolves
StraightCash81::the mavs fans think they defeated trolls hahahaha too bad you cant defeat the wolves
soloboyd::Whoa another one. I haven't heard that before. (initiating standard response) 9-10
soloboyd::I am tired of hearing the same thing so I figure I should repay the favor.
_sohum_::dude ur the one with a sandard response
soloboyd::This is awesome, we just defeated a bunch of trolls. I never knew that was possible.
scow79::Put the D&amp;D game down buddy
soloboyd::Haha, I had to look that up.
_sohum_::the mavs were a lottery team for 10 years in the 90s
Antiquity001::And perennial 50+ win seasons since.  Ten years straight....
SouthDallas40::Eleven years straight
dallasmavs255::peace out guys MAVS &gt; wolves forever and always will be.   leaving statement: wolves = below .500 team, lottery team for 7 years, 0 championships
StraightCash81::sorry we are actually developing a team with draft picks
dallasmavs255::and yet you're still below .500, smh
Antiquity001::Truth.
scow79::Hey guys lay off these T-Woof fans.   They're just excited that their team has surpassed their win total from last year
scow79::No, my starting PF kicked your starting PF's $@% the other night
KennyS562::yeah right
_sohum_::milfsap*
scow79::Millsap &gt; Love
_sohum_::your starting powerforward killed a kid buddy.... lamar odom
_sohum_::ok go look it up fagbag
dallasmavs255::yeah thats great i make up random facts too
scow79::Possibly even the last two years combined
dallasmavs255::possibly the last 7 years combined
dallasmavs255::haha just about i'd say
nraudigy2::Cuban will buy the Wolves and turn them into the new Dallas' D-League team
dallasmavs255::he could buy the wolves in 1 working day
D0Gss::Have fun with no future Mavericks you and your fans are terrible
Antiquity001::No future!  Nooooo!  Winning a championship wasn't worth it!     Snarf. Snarf.
dallasmavs255::"the wolves are just turrible"  Charles Barkley
D0Gss::Dallas fans  are bandwagon fans <b> Pathetic.</b>
dallasmavs255::hey i can like my own comments too!
_sohum_::no he has 2 likes
dallasmavs255::wolves = 9-10, lottery team for 7 years, 0 championships. thoughts?
dallasmavs255::true true, its the most success they've had in almost a decade
Antiquity001::Hey, let them be happy with almost being .500
D0Gss::Mavs fans have no life talking to us This is the Wolves board
spurscowboys1312::y'all beat the lakers in the playoffs more than once than u can talk to us
spurscowboys1312::t-wolves don't even have a winning record
spurscowboys1312::god u guys beat a spurs team without their best scoring player and u think u all that now?
spurscowboys1312::no it's not. it's a mavs and utah board and u makin' t-wolves look terrible right now
soloboyd::I find it entertaining, it shows me how intelligent Wolves fans really are.
D0Gss::you sound retarted
D0Gss::soloboyd no one is talking to you so <b> shut up</b>
scow79::I thought you were going back to your cave dogss?
spurscowboys1312::if u were koo we would probably like u
soloboyd::You just talked to me.
soloboyd::Not lonely just bored but maybe that is the same thing.
spurscowboys1312::lonely nerds are a trip
dallasmavs255::sad to see wolves fans are still here. no lives obviously
dallasmavs255::i bet the majority of them are gay for kevin love
spurscowboys1312::betca ya majority of them don't know kevin love can't jump
spurscowboys1312::i don't care too much for these band wagon fake t-wolves fans
dallasmavs255::"the wolves are just turrible"  Charles Barkley
41missamerican::public restrooms&gt; dallas
soloboyd::Depends on the restroom. I have seen some nice ones. So I guess I should say thank you.
_sohum_::hahha it did take you 12 minutes to get a comeback
scow79::He wanted to see if you were anywhere close to his 35 IQ.  He asks everyone the same question
soloboyd::Not very, why?
_sohum_::dude how dumb are u
PortlandBlazers1004::PF's 1)Dirk (when he gets over his championship hangover)  2)Love (Plays ridiculous minutes and takes more shots with less FG% so he's tied with Aldridge. Also not a good one-on-one defender.)  2)Aldridge  4)Millsap (If he played as many minutes as Griffin or took as many shots he would have better stats. He even has a better PER than Griffin.)  5)That ginger kid
spurscowboys1312::naw its' dirk's knee. watch a nba game dude.
nraudigy2::Love will leave the Wolves just like Garnet did
spurscowboys1312::more like ricky will. love had t-wolves at bottom of the league. he's no kg
reganomics86::Where did all the bandwagon mavs fans go?
Longhorn2194::On the Clippers, Heat, Wolves bandwagon.  We true Mavs fans don't need them. However I will say when they were with us, there weren't many of them. Dallas has a huge fan base.
rsparky1965::We arent bandwagon but call it like it is...They are still taking the victory lap and basking in the glory and need to get back to work.
rsparky1965::Well I own a home in north Dallas, follow the team and at one time had season tickets and being we have basically the same team, I am totally confused by their performance thus far.
spurscowboys1312::why in the hell you care they are celebrating a great victory last year?
spurscowboys1312::who u talking too?
D0Gss::<b> Alright back to Minny board no point talking to a bunch of losers <u> 2-0</u></b>
soloboyd::I thought I told you not to say that. Disappointing. Makes you look bad when other people say 9-10.
rsparky1965::Hey Dallas...the victory lap should be over..get your collected behinds back to work....
rsparky1965::No I just grew up in Lexington,KY and know what a true dynasty is like.
spurscowboys1312::aren't you little old to be a hater?
spurscowboys1312::they did and they have winning record.
nraudigy2::I see that Mavs have alot of followers now
spurscowboys1312::texas is big place, bro
rsparky1965::The wont much longer if they dont start playing ball.
rsparky1965::fair weather???? Calling it like it is isnt bashing them. You check their record as of late???
spurscowboys1312::fair weather fans always fly , true fans always stay
spurscowboys1312::i doubt it
spurscowboys1312::they always had since the days of JJJ
