kevin da ant::last
-tpac_12::$@%! OKC and their refs would be fighting to be in the playoffs if not for refs
1OtownGuy::You wonder why on some players faces they really look like there trying, and upset, and going through emotions while playing?  Then you see others who look nonchalant, like they know that no matter what, they will be bailed out...and ONLY when there not bailed out do they argue?  Its because some players get calls and the other really have to play, once you get to that level in the NBA, the NBA keeps you at the level for there pocket and yours...its just what it is
Alpine2285::OKC is looking in that rear view mirror, while watching the Nuggets breathe down their neck
nflpro7000::damn you durant, I wish you would have beaten lebron. Oh well, you can keep him to 1 hit wonder. PLZ
juanbustamanteSPORTS::he can hes only 24 and lebron is 27
ThomasLovesFootball::Hey OKC fans, the Spurs are still up 2 games!
Sugar Ray Robinson::Thats the difference between Pop and Scott Brooks.
-tpac_12::Scott Brooks sucks
gopokes74824::I think the Thunder is ready for the playoffs to start! I think there minds are already towards the playoffs! THUNDER HEAT In the finals again, but the Thunder going to win it all... #THUNDER UP!
deymayor::Is it really a surprise that the Fakers lost to a lottery team when Kobe and Gasol returned?
gopokes74824::I wish they would lose out lol.. Won't happen, but I can hope!
MagicBoltzRays::Points in the paint: Magic: 50 Thunder: 46  Free Throw attempts: Magic: 10 Thunder: 33  this is truly laughable.
-tpac_12::OKC- refs = Bobcats
larshook::Sorry OKC...your team  lives too much at the free throw line. Playoffs are going to kill you guys.
Kmacman::KD's turnovers are getting ridiculous.  He's ranked 409th out of 409 players in TOs per game over the last couple of months.  That's got to change.
Vaughnz011::Looking at the box score Fisher had no production. Ronnie Brewer didnt and liggins played 4 minutes. Tf is Scott Brooks doing??? He handles the rotations so reckless...
Telkalynn3013::2013-2014 Orlando Magic PG - Marcus Smart (20) SG - Afflalo  SF - Mo Harkless (20) PF - Tobias Harris (21) C - Vuch (23) Looking real nice
cflip37::---
Mr Viz::Im a Thunder fan and I think the Magic have the best looking uniforms, name, logo, and arena in the league if that counts for anything.
WatergateSwag III::all they need now is a team
UGatorsF2347::We'll be down another year or two but the future looks bright to me
OPENLYUGLY::Cheerleaders too.
UGatorsF2347::My buddy lives next door to one of the Magic dancers. Well she used to be one..but then she got pregnant and they said "see-ya"
UGatorsF2347::Lol the arena is definitely the sh.it. And their black uniforms are easily my favorite in the league
UGatorsF2347::This has been a tough year for us Magic fans. At least the Gators are having a good year and are contenders. Anyway, I really like the young guys we have on this team..Vucevic, Harkless, Harris, Nicholson etc. Once we free up some cap when Hedo, Jameer and Harrington become free agents or get traded or whatever, I think this new GM is gonna have us contending again alot qucker than after Shaq left
McBaby Lips::You guys got a stud in Harkless...looking up for you guys
UGatorsF2347::Yeah, I really like him. And Vucevic is really looking like a solid center. What's this? His second year? Averaging a double double
OPENLYUGLY::I think we need to start adding O'Quinn's name in there too. Only 22.
UGatorsF2347::Yeah, I just went with the etc. Haha
CapTennObvious::Is it just me or does it almost seem that the Magic are losing on purpose?  Or are they really just that far behind the other teams in every category?
Gabriel Night::Well it isn't so much losing on purpose (maybe). It's more like the team is almost completely new.  New GM, new coach, plus new and young players. There is no established system or players, so everything is in flux. Basically, It's more important to test everything out than to make a push to win games. The team isn't strong enough to make it though the playoffs and they aren't a "large market" team, so they have the luxury to mess around with the system and lineup.
CapTennObvious::I agree C-Flip.  Just a worst case scenario for a young team.  They really do have nothing going for them.  One draft class away from building something special I bet.  Anybody know what draft picks they have coming their way next season?
cflip37::Injuries, but probably for the best for the young guys.
OPENLYUGLY::They don't have that PG who can run the offense and play solid defense down the stretch of these games. Udrih could be reliable, but Vaughn keeps putting Nelson in there.
CapTennObvious::Yeah I get the freethrow disparity, I didn't see the game so I don't know if they are legit or not but man look at their home record 10-26 at home.  That's just depressing.  almost the same as their road record.
Mr Viz::They might as well just tank for a draft pic. Logically speaking they don't gain much from winning games at this point.
Elton7323::no look at how many free throws the ref's gave okc
OPENLYUGLY::I like the Magic's young players and they are developing nicely. But they need that PG floor general to run the show, up the tempo and push the ball.
stairwell13::OKC must be extremely upset, Durant "only" got 11 free throws tonight.  Still found time to make his 5 turnovers though.
Mr Viz::I like how you take time out of your day to post on a dead board about something you clearly know nothing about..
stairwell13::Oh, you mean he didn't shoot 11 free throws and commit 5 turnovers?  Sounds like you are the one who knows nothing about this subject, you can't even read a box score.  I like how you take time out of your day to post on a dead board about someone posting on a dead board.  LMAO.
stairwell13::Durant scored 16 points on his own and another 9 gifted from Stern.
-tpac_12::Durant- refs= Rashard Lewis
cflip37::Miami not going to allow us comeback next game not after last time, so its gonna get ugly
vitrylo::40-50 ft:)
TFUID 14::OU basketball about to take the court in Philly.
McBaby Lips::Johnnies fan here, how you guys liking Harkless?! He's awesome!
GrapeOKAllDay35::My god!!!!!  I thought Miami was losing :(
TFUID 14::95% of these "REFS!!!!" trolls arrived only seconds after the game.
GrapeOKAllDay35::Nicholson already has more post moves than Dwight
chris johnson 558::but weak
OPENLYUGLY::He easily backed Carmelo down the other night.
Elton7323::lol and he is a rookie smh
chris johnson 558::Kyle O'Quinn &gt;&gt; andrew nicholson
OPENLYUGLY::Nicholson does have a nice post game.
Elton7323::i say o'quinn for defense and andrew for offense they both have strengths and weakness's
bronbronsdad::Andrew has to bulk up and learn D rotations
cflip37::Both are nice gems hennigan picked out
GrapeOKAllDay35::disagree
TFUID 14::Being aggressive and drawing fouls is a big part of OKCs game. It is not part of Orlando's. The Magic are 30th in free throws attempted per game.
No-account drifter::33-10. And it's just another night at the office for Stern's refs at an OKC game. OKC fans really believe this "we drive to the basket more" BS, though. Gotta give 'em props for sincerity. Ignorant sincerity, but sincerity.
OPENLYUGLY::Dude............... it's been the same DEAL all season long! We SEE the DOUBLE STANDARD on one end of the floor compared to the other! The NBA is MANIPULATED!
TheCronoMasterMind::You should rewatch this game from start to finish. The Magic were the aggressor a good portion of the game.
chris johnson 558::we are talking about the thunder fts not the magic idiot
cflip37::Well Atleast Hennigan didnt blow it like MJ did w/ the bobcats when he blew them up and actually got us guys we can build around in the long term
GrapeOKAllDay35::Thunder UP!!!!!  Other teams down!!! :)
Colorado Fan Man::You are the worst troll/coward on ESPN boards.
Colorado Fan Man::Wow did the sixers get raped in that trade
cflip37::They be mediocre and cannon fodder for Miami, plus the Doug effect kicked in. Dude cant handle a nba always gets them to overachieve and then wear them out.
Colorado Fan Man::losing Iggy. They could have been very good and young this year.
cflip37::Also a sixers fan... dont mind it too much last years team was going nowhere, better to be bad then another year of mediocrity
Elton7323::the sixers look like idiots this year lmao
OPENLYUGLY::Bynum?
Elton7323::lol vucevic and harkless :)
bronbronsdad::dont forget the 1st round pick coming up 2015
thunderguy80::the team that plays more aggressive typically goes to the line more....Finals last year Miami played more aggressive and got to the line more...just part of the game
TheCronoMasterMind::The Magic drove on almost every possession in the 4th. They ended with more points in the paint, and took less jumpers than OKC, and half of Durant's FTs were given off of jumpers.. Who sounds like the more aggressive team?
TheCronoMasterMind::Magic took more shots in the paint, which usually would result in more fouls and thus more free throws.
thunderguy80::fouls in the paint don't count on the FT!
OPENLYUGLY::But Magic won PIP and went to the basket more! FAIL!
TFUID 14::I want all you pathetic haters and trolls to bow down to TFUID.   I speak the facts. Your gibberish means nothing to me.
chris johnson 558::the fact is that the magic deserved to win this game
mikeyjm1412::lol... no.
Rigged.Game::Tim Donaghey would have reffed this game appropriately
mikeyjm1412::The night gets stranger for the knicks beat toronto!
tmpFSU::Imagine what an OKC game would look like if they didn't get so many calls.  They're playing the youngest and most inexperienced team in the league and they can't win on talent alone?  Both games this year between the Magic and Thunder have been decided by free throws and bs bail outs by the refs.  Oh well, I guess that's just the OKC brand of basketball...
OPENLYUGLY::Think this slanted officiating was bad.......... just wait until Miami comes to town!
CombatChuk::Thunder overrated.  Can't win games without help from the Zebras.
chris johnson 558::i think the problem was afflalo
Elton7323::yes it is, its funny u see us doing great when he is out.
TheCronoMasterMind::He's basically a skinnier big baby.
Choklahoma City::<b>Thanks for the 33 free throws Joey!  -Thunder team</b>
GrapeOKAllDay35::Memphis losing to the Hornets??????  Great night of bball so far :)
jayeteee::But not the best week, eh?
Rigged.Game::Spurs &gt; Heat in Finals
Choklahoma City::<b>Durant 11 free throw attempts? Not surprising.  OKC 33 FTA to Orlando's 10FTA. Not surprising.  Joey Crawford reffed this game? Not surprising.</b>
Aron3411::u r a $@%!$@%! fan. I feel srry for you
Choklahoma City::..................U MAD?!?!?!?!
TheCronoMasterMind::9-10 from the stripe for the team with more points in the paint. The only people that don't complain about the bad calls are the teams that benefit from them daily. OKC vs the Heat, fans on both team were whining about calls. We're all hypocrites. If the calls were even, the Magic would have taken this game. Probably one of the better games I've seen the Magic play this year in dominating the paint, but weren't rewarded with any foul calls.
Kmacman::Dominating the paint?  Could that happen if your boys were getting hacked every time they go inside?  Doubt it, it's hard to score when three guys are slapping your extra long arms.  The stats back up the foul calls.  You homers are just too blind to see it.
TheCronoMasterMind::8-10*
82Teo::33 FREE THROWS ON THE ROAD, LMFAO, WHAT A GARBAGE REF LED TEAM
thunderguy80::remember playoffs are a different beast ...reg season won't mean anything
cflip37::31-10 free throws I wouldnt mind that if the magic didnt drive alot the whole game, but seeing as they did drive alot...
cflip37::True, I like Iblocka alot but still we got mauled a few times as well
chris johnson 558::we did drive all game but ibaka was a beast no lies
chris johnson 558::25 points against durant great respect
hoops 112hoping::durant's not a great defender, good not great.
chris johnson 558::at least you must be concerned with his offense
hoops 112hoping::Hey magic fans, I just saw Mo's statline. Dang... he's got a great future, was he matched up against Durant too? I'm very impressed.
mikeyjm1412::Who says we cant win the finals?  -Durant
mikeyjm1412::Nobody... Ok then.  it shall be done...  - Durant
