Magicmike321::I really miss the days when ESPN had the Hollenger comments for each team...  No good place for fans to chat about their team anymore...
The Big Stink 99::Ryan Anderson for most improved player!
Dstewa::free throws attempts were a little uneven. good game from the Wiz. but i still want to see them dump Blatche and Young. Nick can score... but provides nothing else! literally, check the box score.
youngdydy23::Even thought i didn't watch the game, i would like to know why the title says Anderson, Magic snap 4-game losing skid if clearly it's D. Howard's team and he clearly had better stats then Anderson? Dwight had a monster game 23 pts 18 reb 3 assists 4 steals while Anderson had 21 and 7....kinda suspicious if you asked me
Magicmike321::Not to nitpick but Ryno had 23 points
The Big Stink 99::It's not Dwight's team anymore.  He's had no qualms about leaving the Magic for greener pastures.
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::good job orlando wining to a team with a team 4 and 18 and by 6
The Big Stink 99::Better than losing to them, Negative Nancy.
DTangMF::This team did beat the Thunders...
SODAPOP PIMPSKI::magic are a huge joke
The Big Stink 99::Yo mama's so huge her belt size is equator... That's a huge joke.
williamfernando_rn::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7yhgqy8
jw32988::Orlando doesn't want Amare.
Visionsun916::I'm no fortune teller, but I'd bet my life on this game being the nail in the coffin for a Dwight Howard trade had the Magic lost this game.
mugupo::Imagine all star game at orlando when howard is in different uniform.
ccfahsho::Wont happen they are going to hold onto him until then. I don't think they should as a Magic fan it's clear he doesn't want to be there and when the guy everyone looks up to doesn't want to be there only bad things can happen. They almost lost to Washington at home a move needs to be made.
Fir3falldown::no spammer = uninteresting game
theprodctz::18,846  Smh, the real attendance was closer to 12-13k. Guess that's what a "sellout crowd" looks like in the Association
falseprophet2012::who.relando Tragic
Nirvana_Fan91::Oh, we decided to win a game, eh?  About f<i></i>ucking time.
camavermic::DId Dwight get traded yet?
DTangMF::can u read?
theprodctz::I can honestly say that I'm honored to have seen Larry Hughes' last game with the Magic in person.  For real though, we needed that win in a bad way, and even though we flirted with blowing it away again in the end, we held on this time. Considering the sh*tstorm that was the last 10 days or so, it was a relief to see us win a game.
camavermic::I think you've seen Larry Hughes last NBA game ever. I remember when that guy had game. What happened to him?
JFox 44::he got attacked by father time
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::oh no they waived larry hughes why
theprodctz::lol you seen him play this year? He brought absolutely nothing to the table
CandySparker::I expect All around Magic game.
ZonaWildcats_2170::Orlando Magic(:  good game!
EliteF22::Squeaking by the Wizards by 6 points in your own building is a good game?
s.molla1993::F_uck, I really wanted the Magic to Loss this game today. Imagine, Wall, Young, Lewis and McGee; which I have total respect for these players, beating the Magic at home. 100%, a plane ticket to New Jersey, Los Angles or New York would be arranged for Dwight after this game, if the Magic lost. Any One Agrees?
ccfahsho::I hope the nail in the coffin comes soon but the fact the Magic have held out this long through that losing stretch and even still had him on the team for this game proves they're going to keep him on the team until the All Star game which is completely dumb. Lets throw away a season for a stupid All Star Game. Yes they can still turn things around after the trade and sneak into the playoffs hot and the hot hand always has a big advantage in playoffs but still they need to get rid of Dwight. I've lost all respect for him.
bradyandjrich::Also, the Magic are not completely healthy...Nelson and J-Rich will be back and that will help. I hope J-Rich can get it going again...
bradyandjrich::It's tough. It happened to Denver, Cleveland, Toronto...these stars don't stay if you don't consistently win and contend. The Magic have a good team and I think a nice place to play in. But, Dwight wants a ring, and he will probably leave. It worked out for Denver because they were smart with Melo and traded him for some nice talent. IDK where Dwight will go or if he will (slim chance) stay, but I believe in this team.
Sixers1234567::New York has absolutly nothing to trade for Dwight. Don't mention them as a possible destination..
Sixers1234567::well amare and chandler for dwight wouldnt work because their salaries dont match. and even if they did i highly doubt orlando would do that. dwight will be traded for young players with a high upside like bynum or brook lopez there not gonna trade him for players that are close to 30 years old... plus t. chander cant be traded untill march 1st due to he was just signed so dwight most likely wont be traded untill the all star break
s.molla1993::True; early this season people were talking about a possible Amare &amp; Chandler for Dwight. Now that the Knicks suck, the possible trade rumor has disappeared.
spbynum1::I think the damage was done. The fact that the Magic was bailed out by getting 39 FT attempts saved them. Magic should have been able to BLOW THIS TEAM OUT OF THE WATER. The fact that they didn't means that Orlando is in critical condition. I don't think Dwight is gonna be playing for Orlando by the All-Star break at this rate.
DTangMF::Teams will go thru stretches like this. Magic had some great run couple weeks ago until the Boston thing happend, so I still dont think its time to panic, plus trading Dwight is a big decision to make.
s.molla1993::True.
DTangMF::Maybe
s.molla1993::True.
DTangMF::Maybe SVG will get fired instead.
s.molla1993::Could you be more specific please.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::I read some where that Chris Duhon will be the Macic's starting Point Guard, for the remainder of the season is this true?
dmj2782::I was there. I sat in row 2 seat 1 next to the floor. The ticket was about 50 bucks plus fees. I took advantage of this game with no regrets. Good win Magic even though it is the Wizards. Nice crowd for a crappy matchup. If you've never had an awesome seat I recommend games like this where prices are low or more seats are available,
toddsee::ow did you get that ticket for 50??
dmj2782::I guess I only say good because when you're there it feels like every win is bigger than it actually is
spbynum1::A win. Not a "good" win. But a win nonetheless.
spbynum1::Dwight Howard is the Adam Sandler of the NBA. While successful, he tends to favor "buddy movies" rather than shooting for an Oscar.
The Big Stink 99::Good analogy lol.
Terbmagic::Just got back from the game, it was embarrassing.  The magic were completely bailed out by complete bs foul calls, especially Turkoglu near the end, and the fact that John Wall was never once put on the line was ridiculous.  Magic- 39 free throws Wizards- 9 free throws
MagicBoltzRays::are they upper or lower bowl?
Terbmagic::you two certainly can, for the right price.
DTangMF::Can I share with you?
MagicBoltzRays::If you're not a fan, can I have the rest of your tickets?
Terbmagic::I may be a season ticket holder for the Magic, but I am in no way a fan.  It is downright embarrassing to watch them now and I feel like I was ripped off at the cost I purchased my season ticket for.
MagicBoltzRays::it's not like we haven't been shafted by FT's before....
spbynum1::I just want Dwight to get traded NOW. I am beyond caring as to where he ends up I'm just tired of all this crap.
PHILAFANinVA::a win's a win, even though it's an ugly win.
Chris31708::As I said before, the shortened regular season is inconsistent. The Heat blow a big lead against the Bucks and lose to them <b>twice</b>, the Magic's awful week, the Magic barely beating the Wizards after beating them with ease a month ago.
minick_man83::Great win over the Wizards at home...wait
DelhiBronco70::Does dwight howard ever not have a double double?
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::How about this trade ... Dwight Howard to the raiders for a pack of  wrigley gum. Let me try this on the ESPN trade machine.
KiNgJr4ReAl::Magic should try too trade for stephen jackson hes on the trading block
Sixers1234567::I just read somewhere that Dwight Howard actually wants to play with Stephen Jackson which is quite shocking...
DTangMF::We'll see
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Dwight Howard wants to play anywhere but Orlando lol.
DTangMF::sounds good~
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Hair Clippers can trim the hairs on my balls. Oh wait this is the magic board lol Wizards suck if you cant beat them your a garbage team JS.
Paul Revere and The Raiders::How the hell did Rashard Lewis get a 118 million dollar contract?  What was Otis smoking?
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Rashard Lewis was really good he just has a bad work habit. He turned into a lethargic slow player over the years.
Sixers1234567::he used to be an all-star and had a breakout year the season before Orlando signed him
DTangMF::Heat and Bulls are getting blown out tonight~
Birdmann._.::these clowns won? pshhhh
Sixers1234567::Where do you guys think Dwight will be traded?  Lakers, Nets, Bulls, or anyone else?
eablinksum::Brook Lopez is garbage! I would rather take Bynum!
Sixers1234567::I think he will go to NJ for Brook Lopez but we gotta see hs his health 1st and when he comes back.
Magicmike321::Raptors.  haha
Birdmann._.::The Washington Bullets
MagicBoltzRays::whoever is willing to give up the most after the all-star break
dave19741997::Good win Magic!! Hey Howard - sorry,you can't rip on anybody today. Some players have some decent numbers.
aldurkin8368::no matter where wallbricker goes he is not going to be able to buy a jumper
aldurkin8368::your not a howard fan are you,how can you support someone who has killed his team,by complaining about being there,how can anyone want to be that weasels team
tenthousandlakes1966::John Wall 39%..... pretty sad
openminded43::Don't matter, have shooters...... we need playmakers!!!
openminded43::The Magic will take ANYONE who can handle the ball, get it up court and be a PLAYMAKER and DEFEND!!!
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::What a bum keep dreaming.
DaBostonStrangler10::You are practically describing Rondo. He can take the ball up the court, and he is probably the best defensive PG in the NBA.
openminded43::NEED a BIG back!!! Jordan, Bledsoe, 1st round pick!!!
Dwight The Big Clipper Howard::Dwight to the CLIPS for Bledsoe, Foye, Gomes, and our trade exceptions.
aldurkin8368::i mean rondo,not ronda
aldurkin8368::no wall,ronda would kill wall in a shooting contest,and thats sad
Dwight The Big Clipper Howard::Who's Wallbricker? Rondo?
Dwight The Big Clipper Howard::Wizards &gt; Celtics
falseprophet2012::false.
jhn753377::This is the megadeal they are showng on ESPN between the Bulls and Magic  Howard, Hedo Turkoglu and Ryan Anderson for Joakim Noah, Taj Gibson, Luol Deng and Jimmy Butler, plus picks and cash
eablinksum::They didn't even give Anderson an extension so I'm pretty sure he's gone!
machinehead.555::Orlando would be stupid to lose Anderson now unless Dwight stayed in Orlando thru the deal.
openminded43::Hate to deal Anderson, he can be a 20-10 guy!!!
davem20us::Agreed he's probably the one guy I hope we keep, I think he's got a lot of potential still.
davem20us::Why would the Bulls mess with a good thing right now?
MagicBoltzRays::why the hell would the magic do that?
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::No-Knees CP3 you mean.
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Your just a Lakers hater.
tenthousandlakes1966::You're right.  It would be a good deal for both the Magic and the Bulls.
jhn753377::Because they are getting back 2 legit starters in deng and noah, another up and comer in Taj and a raw player in Butler plus picks and cash... its a solid offer
Dwight The Big Clipper Howard::It's a lot better than nothing, or No-Knees Bynum.
MagicBoltzRays::It won't be long until Wall starts demanding a trade from the wizards.
aldurkin8368::john wall goes 1-12 against duhon,that says it all,keep on going to the clubs,you don't need to be in the gym working on your jumper,boston teams rule,yankees s--k
aldurkin8368::yes they did,there rotation was getting sh--faced on game days,your right buddy
openminded43::Red Sox CHOKED!!!
MagicalDiesel::Nice to see us finally score again. But seriously only a 6 point win over the Wizards? Jeeze
DTangMF::Nick Young made couple wild 3s in the final minutes
MagicBoltzRays::wizards made a bunch of lucky 3's.
MagicBoltzRays::Three Stars 1. Anderson 2. Redick 3. Howard
bjohns55::Redick on fire from free throw land
openminded43::For a 13-9 non contending team, the Magic are the most scrutinized team in the history of the NBA!!!
machinehead.555::Orlando is a non contending team b/c Howard is a di.ck and won't call one of his buddies to Orlando. Hard to bring in necessary talent when your star wants out. It makes me so angry that the terrible horribly managed moronic Nets are his first choice. Big market teams get bailed out too much!! If Otis had traded young talent for a 1 1/2 year rental on Williams he would have been crucified. NJ does not deserve for this to work out for them. Sorry I know this is completely off subject but needed to vent.
OFrog::Would you like some cheese with that whine?
OFrog::smegma for you
openminded43::Sharp CHEDDAR!!!
The Man with One Red Shoe::John Wall is a bust
openminded43::Nelson for Wall........ DEAL???
hulKKNUPE::Naw he just needs to be coached properly. There's no reason why he shouldn't be able to be as good as Derrick Rose. Clearly the Wizards organization sucks when it comes down to player development. McGee, Blatche &amp; Nick Young have been waiting to improve since 2yrs ago.
hulKKNUPE::Ryan, Dwight &amp; JJ had to score 20+ just to beat the Wizards????? It's going to be a long season.
hero13th::the guy who sealed the game actually was hedo ,none of the above
KingMagical::magic won .. wow orl better  have won this game ... or svg was gone ... dwight should be gone ... take your ball and f go !!
jags_12th_man::I wont call John Wall a bust yeat...lets not forget he plays for the wizards and is still young
hulKKNUPE::Seriously Wizards? Let it go! It's over!
vaplaya0::39 freethrows to 9 is a f@#$ing joke....good effort wiz u deserved to win tonight
vaplaya0::I'm more pissed at the 9 then the 39 tho
taayox::dont forget about all those moving screens.
askreeves22::HOWARD WAS HACKING! Are you kidding me, Howard mugged Wall regularly.
machinehead.555::Haha you mean those times when Wall came barreling down the lane with no plan and then suddenly ran into a completely vertical concrete wall in Howard? GTFOH!!
openminded43::Wizards were HACKING all night!!!
OFrog::If you say so. Nobody else does though.
openminded43::The Magic were playing OFF the ball handlers all night, the Wizards were hacking away at the ball handlers all night!!! THAT'S THE DEAL FOOL!!!
OFrog::According to closeminded43, Magic opponents should never get to the line.
