Alan Ogg::LOL! of course, another heat win, another board with less than 150 responses. but GOD FORBID They lost like last weekend.. we'd have 5000+ reasons why the heat wont 'threepeat"
Alex Ricardo Manansala Jr.::Kobe's fans logic: "Even if LeBron surpasses all of Kobe's stats and wins 6 or more rings, he will never be better than Kobe because Kobe's Kobe."
MiQuel Carniel::You really an undercover Kobe fan rocking that purple shirt, your first words where Mamba
Rayshon Fisher::Miami win by at least 15.....
Adam Youman::spot on
Andrew Burr::A Pistons win against the Heat would definitely make the Lions loss a bit easier to handle. I'm not gonna get my hopes up though.
Joshua Sotello::It seem to cold fo dem lions
George Jimas::this isn't the same without delusional pacers fans thinking they're going to make it out of the east.
Shawn Bento::Jennings is awful.  When he's not shot chucking he's turning the ball over.
Jake Gibbs::Jennings has been an assist machine for the Pistons.  Beat the Bulls last night with 33.  Big clutch steals all year from Jennings.
Alan Ogg::HAHA. watching the highlights it look like someone put the fast forward button on Lebron James yet the frame rate for the Pistons is in real time... but somehow they look like their in slow motion. They don't even look like they want to even try to defend him..
Bryce Morgan::if anyone has anything negative to say about James this year, the only thing you got is an increase in turnovers and that's just due to him trying to be too fancy when it doesnt matter. No way has he gotten worse. The dude is the best by far right now
Jabari Akil::Yeah, he's gotta chill with the turnovers. He'll probably exert some energy against the Pacers
Brandon Tigues::he hasn't gotten worse but he hasn't been playing like himself neither..and that's by choice, the guy could take over a game offensively and it seems like when the heat needs it most he doesn't do anything but continue to pass the ball off.
Justin Porter::Not one game goes by where Wades healthy is not mentioned. He is only 31 and this is so annoying. Been this way for the last 3 years. I think Lebron leaves Miami if Wade breaks down this year.
Charley Doherty::Yeah he's going to leave for Detroit
Joshua Sotello::There resting him at 1 point it's in the season Lebron guna be resting and wades guna be playing then bosh takes break then Lebron and wade then postseason comes around and everybody playing  to the finals
Joshua Sotello::Like really the heat really needed wade at this point
Ed DeSalle::Like I said the other night! FLUKE Detroit Win! Pistons BLOW!
Chris Headley::Josh Smith needs to quit chucking up stupid 3s.
Gennie Dovic::You don't know Josh all that well, do you? haha
Joe Van Horn::Oh Josh is just warming up.  You don't like his 29% from outside?  He doesn't mind, which is why the other teams leave him open and the Hawks let him walk.
Donaven Murray::As a fan of LeBron, this is the first season where I'm sensing that he is not at his peak dominance anymore. I mean yeah his fg% and 3pt% are up, but that's more a result of his basketball iq. He's not dominating games the way I've seen. Before ppl call me crazy I'm not saying he's not LeBron anymore, just saying he isn't the best I've seen him.
Patrick Baisley::So, his stats are better than ever, but he isn't dominating like he used to...failed logic.
Donaven Murray::Patrick Baisley his stats aren't better than ever. His fg% and 3pt% are..but there's more to the game.
George Miche'l Reynolds::He is coasting more, but make no mistake about it, he has actually gotten better
Adam Youman::Well....i guess it doesnt matter much how dominant you are on the boards if you dont miss your shots lol....well played Miami. well played
Timothy J. Casey::Now that we have the Heat's attention, I expect this to be a much tougher game from start to finish. Our bigs are gonna have to come through big tonight.
Debra Quick::Lebron has been playing with a back injury. People forget he is human and has been carrying the load for Miami.
Ellis Marcelle::The only thing I might slightly be worried about with the Heat is this recurring back injury for James, in congruence with the ongoing leg rehab for Wade. If these two "flare ups" were ever to event at the same time for a stretch of games, it could mean the difference between successfully competing for home court, and settling for second and a game 7 in Indy. Of course when healthy they can win that game, but if you can avoid it by getting home court that would be MUCH better.
Paul Snurpus::And I thought this would be a tough game.  LOL  Pacers are getting hammered too, so a very good day for the Heatles.
Cory Nope::getting hammered @ Notre Dame High School for Boys
Chuck Smith::WHAT A PAMPERED TEAM....NOT A CHAMPIONS SCHEDULE FOR SURE
Pete Glocker::shut up
Yoonki Ethan Park::Who talks about schedules for the NBA aside from wildcard picks?
Robert Singleton::Josh Smith for Loul Deng...any takers?
Josh O'Brien::Probably everyone except the Bulls!!!  Lol
Cory Nope::No. Youre making a lateral move. You need three point shooting. Also, Greg Monroe is going to want near max money to extend him. You have Josh Smith who becomes underpaid at 11 mil per,and far more efficient when you slide him up to the 4 at that point. If anything, reacquire Aron Afflalo. Youre getting decent perimeter defense and a guy that can knock down the open three all night.
Cory Nope::I really like Deng and understand his value- he just doesnt fit in with this lineup and what theyre lacking.
Tey Shelton::what channel
John Osaki Jr.::Heat will get back to championship form sooner than later. Check out the LeBron James, Dwyane Wade, and Ray Allen in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com.
Adam Youman::If d wade sits out again the pistons gonna roll all over the heat again by dominating the post. the pistons probably have one of the best post presences in the league and that is the heat's one weakness. pistons may be able to beat them again. after all this time they are at home
Adam Youman::Alex Doub well thats a shame
Adam Youman::starting line up says Allen, Chalmers, Battier, James, Bosh. where is your source?
Bryce Morgan::Alex Doub hes going to miss ALOT of the back to back matchups, they said that at the beginning of the year
Eric Bell::Wasn't expecting the Pistons to win this one, but I'm glad they played a pretty decent game. Pistons kept it pretty interesting in the first half, only trailing by 6. Shake off the loss and let's keep the train moving.
Jason Jackson::I just read a good article on the New Face of the NBA on Sports Espionage. Here is the link www.sportsespionage.com
Ellis Marcelle::Article was ok. A couple of misquotes from the article: Heat are not a perennial power. Before LeBron reached, the franchise had one ring, which is mired in controversy, because of the ref conspiracy (gambling). To lump them in with the Lakers, Boston and Spurs is to show the underlying dislike for the BIG THREE by the writer. Secondly, the Thunder and Heat have been and will continue to be the superpowers until unseated. The Thunder did not hurt their championship contender status by letting Harden go, they just hurt their ability to beat/compete with the Heat. 3 is better than 2! Finally, the Lakers will reload, despite what Stern, who's retiring FINALLY, tries to do. So will the Celts in the near future.
Adam Youman::Lol i think the management musta told bosh either you rebound the f_cking ball this game or were trading you to the jazz
Ellis Marcelle::I think the Heat, with Wade need less of the "Bosh spread the floor to the 3-point line" style of offense, so it allows Bosh to play better and closer to the basket. Look at the splits for games with Wade and w/o and see the difference for Bosh's effectiveness.
Keith Bowers::Jennings needs to sit...the undersized rookie with a mediocre jumpshot is better.
Jake Gibbs::Yeah right.  Jennings has been great for the Pistons.  Boatloads of assists and steals.  Siva doesn't belong in the NBA.
Keith Bowers::Jake Gibbs Apparently, you aren't watching this game.
Jake Gibbs::Keith Bowers Apparently you haven't watched Jennings all year.
