IceBlazer::Below 5000 post in a Miami Heat game conversation board.... What the hell is happening?
mintzerkj4eva::lol people just like crying about refs for the fun of it. I'm sure DET them selves had 15 FT's in the 4th quarter alone.   No complaints tho.
Bradleyboy25::way to go lebron jim. go kick a field goal and win the cup for your city!
Pascal1296::Chris Bosh has averaged 25 per game without Wade . he's now 8 in the league in scoring. Wade will be back for Bulls game i can feel it.
illestprospect::Too bad half the Bulls team won't leave the bench lol.
illestprospect::Lol it's not a point.  I'm sure the Bulls will suffer injuries Friday and be left with mostly bench players having to put in good minutes. Face it, Bulls season is on the verge of being over.
___LeBron_James::true, your point is valid
MJ__The ___GREATEST::It certainly helps Le Brick and Co. when refs are giving you free throws for every FLOP and imaginary contact. I did not think Miami would sink so LOW that will need GREAT deal of referee help to beat lowly Detroit ???
southridge305::look who is talking about a band wagon fan, yet u have d rose posted as your screen name.lol. rose has only been in a bulls uniform for a few years. but lets be real, that doesnt really mean you are a bandwagon fan, but the same goes with u calling me one. im born and raised in miami, my screen name is the high school i went to. i know about goom bays and jams back in the day when we would stand in front of the vega speakers of junior walker until your ears burst... if i was somehow a bandwagon fan, which im not, it really wouldnt matter.  homestead, florida city, miami is my home. the fact is bulls have some soft players on that team  and that has nothing to do with whether they can fight or take a punch. now finish your school work, supper almost done
southridge305::none other than the a bull fan crying about someone flopping and they team is full of soft players
D-Rose_Garden::None other than another band wagon Heat fan commenting like a fool.
_misterfurious::Anytime an observer is not happy with the outcome of a game, the easiest thing to do is blame the officiating. It's the oldest tactic in the book.
sirmacalot2::That ref did screw Pippen in 94 though.
sirmacalot2::lolumad?
sirmacalot2::Private school in Chicago. What else you need to know? I know you need some new material. LeBrick? He's at 55% shooting. You got nothing. You gonna tell me Kobe has 5 rings 3 of which were won by Shaq and before LeBron got in the league? Then you gonna compare the Cavs history of being a losing organization to the Bulls and Lakers? You gonna tell me that the Bulls weren't a playoff team when the shoe salesman broke his foot in 86 AND when he was banned for gambling? Or will you bring up his 6 rings like 84-90 didn't exist? Nah, you'll probably bring up some other rehashed crap that's been written here a million times since July 2010.  Now I'm mad.........lol.
MJ__The ___GREATEST::Did you go to school, learn anything there?
the702shogun::the knicks are up next, carmelo had 11 rebounds the other day, and like 2 points? he started playing defense? didn't know that
D-Rose_Garden::I believe Melo only had 1 point.
dabulls2012::And his one point was on a technical foul FT...he didn't even earn it, just the best FT shooter on the floor at the time for the Knicks...
sirmacalot2::That point was that I'll see how bad we lose if I don't score. And they won. By a lot.
sirmacalot2::Melo is allergic to defense.
the702shogun::who has the power to depose the will of the mighty chris bosh? he's a monster baby!!!!
Clenbutador::After 18 games into this season, there is no question that the best player in the NBA is playing in South Beach.
dan torell::Who? Mario Chalmers?? hahaha
dan torell::It means he's also a dork...
_misterfurious::That doesn't even make sense...
dan torell::at least you're laughing at a dork, dork...
fishheatfins::Hahahaha wow you're funny dude.... $@%!$@% dork
fishheatfins::Actually he's playing in downtown but I get what you're trying to say. He's the best.
sirmacalot2::If LeBron passed to Dexter Pittman for a 3 out the corner in a 2 point game, the NBA would have imploded. Would have been the highlight/lolight of the night. Rose passed the Scal after getting trapped under the basket and Legler says it was the right play. I don't get it, but I do get it. LeBron used to get these same benefits of the doubt when the NBA loved him. When he trusted in his teammates and got swept by the Spurs, it was cool. I'll say it again........... Rose is the New LeBron.
southridge305::whatever, lebron was one of the most like players before the decision, more than any player not name kobe so please with the humble stuff. durant and rose are good guys and so is lebron, but its the media and brain wash fans that think they know it all. btw. rose is not on the same level as lebron, now or ever and thats because he could never dominate the game from both ends of the floor the way lebron does. james is built like a small power forward, but can pass like a guard.he has very few weakness in his game
_misterfurious::And yes, Durant and Rose get passes most other superstars don't get because they are viewed as "humble" and are therefore liked by most fans. But the thing is that once you have been in the league a certain number of years, if you haven't won a ring by then, you stop getting the pass and the criticism becomes more harsh.
sirmacalot2::But I don't see any change in LeBron since he got in the league in terms of the humble part. I remember when he refused to play in the rookie game because he felt he had all star numbers. I watched him sit on the bench with Melo in the Olympics and let Larry Brown coach the team "His Way" instead of letting the young guys get in there. I watched him extend Big Z's career by like 5 years by giving him a chance. And Daniel Gibson is banging Keyshia Cole because of him. But this last season and the beginning of this one, I've grown tired of the criticism. I've never seen a player's 4th quarter numbers be put on the stat line every game. Nor his percentage of wins and losses when the ball is in his hands at the last 10 seconds. It's like basketball has turned into one of those stupid reality shows.
dan torell::I agree.
_misterfurious::Comparing Scalabrine to Pittman is not on point since Scalabrine can actually shoot threes. It's more like if Lebron had kicked it out to, say, Norris Cole, for a game winner.   And yes, people would be killing him this morning - yes there is a double standard - but part of that is because people know Lebron's talent is a different level from most, and so they expect more from him.
sirmacalot2::I honestly don't know what the hell Scal is known for. and Lebron's talent is not that far from Rose. LeBron has been in a few more situations, but in terms of skills, they are about the same. Where LeBron would power to the rim and dunk, Rose uses speed and crafty moves at the basket to get points. Both have improved their jump shots around this time in their careers. LeBron is bigger, faster, stronger, gooder (lol), but Rose is not so far away. To me this year and last year, it's LBJ, Durant, Rose.
dan torell::I have much respect with D Rose but in the playoffs... anything can happen! but with big time game you have to rely on your teammates to do their job - sadly, teammates like to point fingers to their star player who can't perform their job... hence, Rose got hacked tremendously by the media last year. This will happen again... if the Heat wins against the Bulls this weekend, then we have a good prediction who will come out champs in ECF.
_misterfurious::I don't think it matters who wins a regular season game between the Heat and Bulls - it's really no indicator one way or another. If Miami wins, then it will reinforce what people think. If Chicago wins, then it will be "who cares - they swept the season series last year and still lost in the playoffs."  I'm just interested to see whether Wade is back for that game as well as Deng.
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Which all-star game this weekend?  Pro bowl or NHL all-star game?
sirmacalot2::neither.
dan torell::NFL in my hometown, Hawaii!
aauten111::The Pistons suck and should have beat them that was no foul on Lebron. He's like MJ gets the calls that are not there
MJ__The ___GREATEST::DO NOT INSULT MJ  by putting MONKEY Le Brick James and MJ and the same sentence !!!!
aauten111::The compairision is in the calls he gets because of his popularity not in his game. He is great but not near MJ. Before you say he is not popular it dose not matter if people like you just that  they make the NBA money
bigllama11::Lay off the sauce.
Bobby685172::he must be good, because he owns you enough to comment on an ESPN message board about two teams you don't like
bigllama11::Shoulda, woulda, coulda; blame the refs... ahhh to be young and ignorant again.
aauten111::Not a hater I don't care to much about the NBA. But that was no Foul.
aauten111::Did you watch the play at the end it was a clean block?
aauten111::Your a great person You have read 2 things I post about a bball game and say I am stupid. I love our society.
Bobby685172::I care enough to reply in the hope that you will undersand i think you are stupid
aauten111::You care enough to reply
dan torell::No foul? Do you even know how to play BBall?
Bobby685172::You should write a letter to the NBA and voice your complaint, they probably care as much as the rest of us.
Bobby685172::At least he compared LeBron to MJ
My Heat Kick Your Ass::You haters are so funny. HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
RonTuna::PLAYOFFS? YOU'RE TALKING PLAYOFFS? PLAYOFFS? LeFool and Company barely beat and give up 98 Points to the lowly Pistons and you fools are talking about PLAYOFFS? What a joke. Miami will get steamrolled and OUT like a dead cat.
Pascal1296::That's the thing some people hate the Heat for like no reason just bitterness. Hate them or not but they are a good team.
sportsplex23::You have to be joking if you think the heat are not going to be in the playoff picture this year.
RonTuna::What a bunch of losers on here....later
bigllama11::buh bye
southridge305::let me guess, u prefer that they give up a 105 points to the wizards like okc thunder did when they lost. no im not assuming u a thunder fan
bigllama11::Like the 0-4 sweep of the 2010-11 Lakers?
Mr.Miami13::Yeah because there are so many teams out there better than the heat. Get the f**k out of here go heat
Chargers_4_Sale::Top 5  1.Thunder  2.Nuggets  3.Pacers  4.Grizzlies  5.Bulls
sportsplex23::This guy sucks at picking teams.
dan torell::Top 5 not win the NBA Title?
southridge305::truly there is some trolling in the top 5 comment so why bother really debating on it. i will base my top 5 on what team has the better chance to win a 7 game series, but thats me
bigllama11::Don't worry they're laughing at you not with you.
RonTuna::Laker and Clipper fans laughing histyerically
soldier00013::this must be top 5 teams likely to finish in second place.
sirmacalot2::I wonder how many puppies Skip Bayless kicked because of this win?
dan torell::I don't like Skip but it's his job not to like Lebron....
Asif11111::As many as he had to increase the ratings on First Take...Terrell Suggs FTW
Bulls96Teambestever::Who the hell are tim hardaway and morning-85% of the new bandwagon heat fans...
southridge305::all of this naming players stuff is for the birds, u sitting in front of a computer with high speed internet. what idiot cant look up some players name from pass in type them. im not calling anyone on here a idiot, but making a point how fans like to see if another fan knows a certain player from a team.
dan torell::He's a bulls fan... he probably doesn't know Paxon, Wennington, armstrong, or we go back to Norm Van Lier and the rest...
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::I think he's trying to sound like a typical heat fan...but wound up showing he doesn;t know much about the heat either.  Rony Seikaly and Rory Sparrow would have been more impressive
soldier00013::i also liked the glenn rice and steve smith combo. ah what the hell throw in harold minor and thunder dan in there too.
dan torell::You don't know these players? Dude... wake up!
dan torell::It's just a shame some people are so dumb and naive. Oh well...
sirmacalot2::I was hoping it was someone's screen name. Typical kid that thinks he knows about basketball.
Asif11111::LOL., nice
sirmacalot2::I'm confused.........
superbad555::I love how the haters over react to regular season games! We could basically skip the regular season put the Heat vs Bulls in the Eastern conference finals, then put Miami in the Finals and will see what happens. Because reagardless of how much hate you have the Heat will be in the Finals again this year.
superbad555::That's true the addition of RIP Hamilton was not enough they do not have enough weapons on offense. Rose can get you regular season W's by himself but not playoff W's
soldier00013::let the haters hate man. at the end of the day there is no one who will stop the heat from going back to the finals and if not for an incredible shooting performance by the mavs last year, they would be the defending champs.
fishheatfins::Not sure about the Bulls since the Pacers can keep up with them and I think the 76ers would be able to as well
Miami Heat Bandwagoner::Miami Heat #1
drinking beer with cutler::Actually the Bulls have the best record in the East.  Bulls #1
dan torell::It's a short season and  terrible schedules... OKC will not be number one for long...
sirmacalot2::Did the Bulls and Spurs not show you anything last year? What about that Gatorade commercial with the Shoe Salesman from years back. "It's How you Finish" was what he said. OKC won't run through the West like you think.
nba is the worst::And OKC has the best record in the league, while the heatles are currently #4
pjhawx::I love both guys, but how is LeBron not the Top Performer for the Heat? Lol. I'm just confused.  C. Bosh                            LeBron:  Points: 27                        Points: 32  Reb: 6                             Reb: 6  Ast: 4                              Ast: 7  Stl: 1                               Stl: 2  Blk: 0
southridge305::the difference was bosh shot 12 of 15 for 27 points and lebron shot 9 of 20 for 32 points... i will give the edge to bosh. the fact bosh is getting assist u have to say he had the better overal performance, but as  a heat fan it doesnt matter, heat got the ugly win. they didnt rebound, turn the ball  over and blew a 10 point lead. only good thing out of this is heat got the win, curry played, miller getting his minutes and bosh is playing consistent
pjhawx::Maybe it was the 4 TO's.
sirmacalot2::Bosh set the tone early. LeBron filled in.
_misterfurious::Lebron definitely had the better game last night. The night before it was Bosh.
nba is the worst::Except in FG%, where bosh was huge
inter FC23::LEbron &gt; Kobe
sirmacalot2::......ANd Waits for the 5 gifted rings talk.
nba is the worst::"Except in the Finals"
sirmacalot2::Captain Obvious.
sirmacalot2::If Rasheed was there he would say......  "It was a good game. Both teams played hard"
nba is the worst::Even though the Knicks have a 7-11 record, they are 6-5 in the eastern conference.  The east is garbage this year.
southridge305::what it comes down to is true title contenders in only okc is that out west regardless of how good those teams are. thats what it all comes down to. if u dont believe me, watch this... the best team out west( thunder) lost to the worst team and the east and league( wizards). the east has the bulls and heat. if u think any team out west has a chance this year against either bulls or heatin a 7 game series to win it out west not name okc, u are a bias fan
Bobby685172::I thought this was a board for the Heat and Pistons, but whatever.
nba is the worst::The Knicks are the heatles' next opponent, and the heatles are in the eastern conference.  Try to keep up!
_misterfurious::East have 6 good teams, 4 mediocre teams and 5 bad teams.  The west has 8 good teams, 5 mediocre teams and 2 bad teams.
sirmacalot2::I bet you think the Clippers are one of those good teams? CP3 HAD good teams in NO. Still didn't get it done.
sirmacalot2::LOL. The west is so strong. SO strong the Fakers struggle with the Clippers.
sirmacalot2::Revisit this at the END of the season.
nba is the worst::West has 10 winning teams, east has 6.  West is way ahead in wins vs the other conference.
_misterfurious::It was just nice to see Lebron do what he's traditionally never enjoyed doing - which is going to the free throw line in a pressure situation and making those crucial free throws.  Hopefully he will continue to build and develop his confidence in that area.
inter FC23::He is becoming clutch
sirmacalot2::Wow............ Do you have stats like that for everyone else? WHat was D Rose's FT percentage in the playoffs? Wade's? Kobe's?
nba is the worst::Lebron shot over 90% from the ft line 19 times last season, including 16 games with 0 misses - so this game sure doesn't indicate "becoming clutch"...
inter FC23::Miami Heat 2012 CHAMPS!!!
nba is the worst::It's much more likely they will repeat.
Asif11111::No that doesnt seem as likely my friend. Only better off this year in comparison to last, and they have the experience under their belt
inter FC23::Lebron is playing amazing! COMES UP BIG at the END!!
Bobby685172::no doubt
Dr.Killapatient...::All these wins must really suck for haters, you guys may have to find a new job soon....
sirmacalot2::They got nothing today. They're resorting to saying Bosh is better than LeBron and more clutch etc.
My Heat Kick Your Ass::The Heat are really good. Just wait until wade gets back, but Wade can sit out for two more I think LBJ and Bosh can handle the Knicks and Bullsh!t.
brandonlee561heat::Why is our bench so inconsistent... ugh
southridge305::lebron has only played over 40 minutes once this year, he has gotten rest than most players of his caliber. haslem and miller should always un less they playing really poor, get 25 minutes or more off the bench
brandonlee561heat::This is true, its hard to be balanced when you aren't the first, second, or even third option.
Aicyla22::there isnt much consistancy how spo plays them (for the most part) so its hard for them to get into a groove
sirmacalot2::He's gonna rest against Melo tomorrow night.
nba is the worst::1st time all season
Aicyla22::I agree it has to do with the game being on the line, but it wasn't a shock to me especially since Wade is out.  If he wasnt injured then it would come as more of a shock.
brandonlee561heat::I was considering, he claimed he was not playing anyone more than 38 minutes per game this season, other than OT games, game was on the line though
nba is the worst::Were you guys caught by surprise by Spo playing lebron 42 minutes, including the entire 4th Q?
fishheatfins::Tell me about it!!
goldenboy790::Why is Bosh the top performer for the heat, when James had more points, assists, and steals and the same amount of rebounds?
ebelhjs::bobby, i bet you were the same one last year who was bashing bosh and saying he shouldn't be part of the "Big 3" and that he was overrated.  That's what EVERYBODY said.  Obviously, he is showing everyone how good he really is...and LBJ making 6 straight FTs in the final minute is what I call stepping up when he needs to
Bobby685172::Actually I used to be "Miami Heat 2012 NBA Champions"    And no, I was not the same one last year who was bashing Bosh. I was happy to have him join the Heat.
nba is the worst::Is it true he used to be "Bobbyfla", also known as "Bobbita"?
Bobby685172::because he steps up when he needs to.  good teams have players like bosh.
materazzi2323::The Heat are awesome!!!
inter FC23::They looked good last night
Eternal_Sage::aren't they?
nba is the worst::Lebron's FG% continues to drop - this time against (elite defender?) Damien Wilkins...  .545 now, and still going down
sirmacalot2::LOL from 60 to 55......lol. Still over 50.
sespi001::yeah like he was going to continue to shoot 67% and now that he shoots 55% he now sucks... he should learn from rose and westbrook how to properly shoot... smh at this hater
Bobby685172::nba is the worst is stupid
Bobby685172::I think you spelled "i'm stupid" wrong
nba is the worst::"Enouge"!
southbeachphin35::its the regular season
marcpru60::just think we should be fair to Lebron... long time piston fan here... Lebron was money in last five minutes with perfect passes and all the free throws - when he is not key down the stretch in a loss he takes gets a razzles so when he is clutch should get some credit... he is growing in his game
marcpru60::ty piston coach, you have found the key players for the future... the guys you used last night please keep THIS line up... was such a fun game, yeah, Lebron won it in the end for them but as a fan i felt like the team was playing with heart and as a fan that is all i need to keep me... when others get healthy and can play keep them on the bench and just get them out there to give these guys water breaks
AbyssinianLion::The Heat struggled win @home vs Cavs and now the Pistons.  omfg  OVER RATED!!!!
Eternal_Sage::how your bulls do?
Eternal_Sage::nope! but should be a good game sunday
nba is the worst::Yeah, but starting?  Guess they shouldn't have let Thomas walk...
Eternal_Sage::lol it is good to see Scal in the game though
WhyUHatin47::It was more like a nuke than a brick.
nba is the worst::I HEARD THEY LOST ON A SCAL BRICK
1 in pink 1 in stink::How many rings does Lebron have?
1 in pink 1 in stink::http://www.google.com/imgres?q=i+have+no+idea+what+i%27m+doing+dog&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;rls=com.microsoft:en-us:IE-SearchBox&amp;rlz=1I7ADBF_en&amp;biw=1024&amp;bih=571&amp;tbm=isch&amp;prmd=imvns&amp;tbnid=k16XQqbPnvY9JM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://science.memebase.com/tag/i-have-no-idea-what-im-doing/&amp;docid=yq6llWXynz-U9M&amp;imgurl=http://chzscience.files.wordpress.com/2011/11/funny-science-news-experiments-memes-dog-science-fuzzy-logic.jpg&amp;w=500&amp;h=282&amp;ei=elYhT9S0FcXkggeF-d2QCQ&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=rc&amp;dur=187&amp;sig=103167034392825638742&amp;page=1&amp;tbnh=89&amp;tbnw=157&amp;start=0&amp;ndsp=18&amp;ved=1t:429,r:0,s:0&amp;tx=104&amp;ty=23
1 in pink 1 in stink::ZERO. Chip Kelly could play basketball better than Lebron.
Doug - Masters::Better question is how many rings COULD he have if he didn't suck wind in the 4th??  Answer... at least one.
WhyUHatin47::At least 3.
1 in pink 1 in stink::Cavs fan
Minoli87::How many rings the Cavs have? They have the same amount...only difference is the Cavs have been around over 30 seasons, to LeBron's 9...
1 in pink 1 in stink::You guys will still be my friends right?
Eternal_Sage::lol
SupeFan14::Pinky is living in another dimension.  He is just here visiting
Eternal_Sage::dude check miami's schedule and look two days ago see them cavs?
Eternal_Sage::kobe or mj fan?
1 in pink 1 in stink::Cavs would kill the Heat if they played eachother right now.
mfalcon245::What a stooge!!
1 in pink 1 in stink::No, they did not play eachother
WhyUHatin47::Is this kid stupid? *look of dissaproval*
1 in pink 1 in stink::No?
Eternal_Sage::this was their b2b game x_x they played cavs two nights ago
Eternal_Sage::they just played each other a day ago..
Eternal_Sage::now miami must kill ny and the bulls no question
Doug - Masters::NY are scrubs playin like scrubs Chicago is the only one that will mean anything.
nba is the worst::Knicks are worse than the Cavs - heatles might even cover the spread!
313titans::The title is mis-leading Lebron wasn't key, the refs were.
dseeburg::And normally I would agree with that sentiment but I didnt feel like that at the end of that game last night. But whatever, agree to disagree my friend
Eternal_Sage::i like the pistons young guys
dseeburg::I will agree with that. Just sucks, Its so hard to be Pistons fan right now but have to stick with them through the tough times. God knows ive been there before with my Lions lol
Eternal_Sage::always every team who gets a call their way will show a little bias to that :P
dseeburg::I'll admit we had an opportunity after those two questionable calls and we didn't capitalize and that's on us. But come on man, it just gets old knowing late game Lebron can get away with damn near anything to bring them back... Just annoying to watch time and time again.
dseeburg::2 calls and one was certainly not 50-50 lol but you are most def right Knight should have hit those ft's thats on us.
Doug - Masters::Yeah but those guys won/win. LBJ gets calls and still LOSES!!!
nba is the worst::One 50-50 call isn't bigger than Knight's missed fts with the pistons up 3...
SupeFan14::Tell that to every team that played MJ, Bird, Magic, Kobe.
Eternal_Sage::point is, refs really screw both teams all the team.
dseeburg::Whats your point? I said we had opportunities we didn't capitalize on.....Doesnt change the fact that the flop he did was not a foul and the drive in the paint was not a foul. But bc its Lebron he gets those calls late game all the time.
Eternal_Sage::det got like 4-6 ft's in a span of 30 seconds
SupeFan14::Yep it's always something.  It's the Refs ..... bla bla bla
dseeburg::thats for damn sure!
MSUBALLFINAL4::Miami shouldnt even have a basketball team their fans are absolutely terrible and pathetic. If you havent noticed you have the best player in the nba, a top 5 player in D WADE and a top 10 pf in Bosh, how bout you actually go and show up to the games
MSUBALLFINAL4::Miami is the same town that didnt even sell out their home playoff games against the bulls 5 years ago, when the bulls swept your $@%, Their are more fans at a Duke football game, then a Miami Marlins game.
jonesy30582::actually if you do pay attention the seats usually fill up around 2nd qtr. The problem is the area where the stadium is located is very congested during rush hour on weekdays and most games start around 7 or  7:30. I personally get off of work at 5 and its impossible for me to get there in time for tip off. They sell out every game and people so show up so get your facts strait smart guy
dseeburg::Because the Heat doesn't have fans, they have Lebron James groupies.
3Miami::Season tickets were sold out before the Xmas a**hole!
Eternal_Sage::don't even try, trolls can't read
Doug - Masters::Chris Bosh is either turning into or has turned into the best player on that team. More consistently lights out. LBJ did good in this game though. If he could keep that up there would be less people so hard on the guy.
david516x::Guys ...i'm accutally old enough to remember alllll the clutch shots lebron made in cleveland and last year in the playoffs... Let me know when people stop speaking nonsense and start making sense!! plz. he has made more than Bosh and dewade combined last year!! look it up!! Skip Cluelesss is just trying to create news!!!!!!!
jonesy30582::True Doug but he isnt and will never be better than Wade. When hes on he is the leader of this team for sure. I was down here in 06 and he runs this team. PS tell Chappy hello lol
Doug - Masters::Id rather have Bosh on my team than LBJ all game actually. I firmly believe LBJ is the best player in the league, when you get a guy like LBJ you'd effectively have to put your eggs in the LBJ basket. You aren't left with any more eggs. You live by LBJ and you die by LBJ. He has no passion and blows when it counts. That's the downfall. Bosh on the other hand... I'll take the guy who knows he aint as good, has the big chip on his shoulder, and wants the win more than anyone else ( that's like... all of the chicago bulls right now, and that team is dangerous )
Doug - Masters::That's why I said TURNING into. And ill take BOSH in the 4th over LBJ any day.
SupeFan14::Bosh is good and always has been but he by no means the best player on the team.  He has had a few good games lately but there is nothing in his history to indicate he will suddenly and for an extended period of time outplay either James or Wade.
nba is the worst::He's certainly outplayed them in the last 2 wins
jiznake8::LBJ is the high scorer in about 75% of all the heat games, and high assist man in half, Bosh is playing good this year, LBJ is still the best on his team, and easily top 3 in the NBA (arguably #1)
nba is the worst::Top Performers Miami: C. Bosh 27 Pts, 6 Reb, 4 Ast, 1 Stl Detroit: A. Daye 28 Pts, 6 Reb, 3 Ast, 1 Stl  Wow - Daye basically needed just 1 more ast for a pistons win
southridge305::or if heat dont let a 10 point lead go casper on them
SupeFan14::And if Bosh scores another basket the Heat win by even more....  So what's your point????
gobledoug::No, it's his pathetic way of saying that Lebron didn't win the game with six foul shots in the final 1:19.
nba is the worst::Well, his vertical flop acting job fouling out Stuckey WAS key - but it took two Pistons chokes at the end for the heatles to escape a 4-win team (Knight's two missed fts and the turnover by Wilkins)
jiznake8::So, you're saying that if Detroit scored more points, they might have won?
Dr.Killapatient...::Heat win, Bulls lose..... Man, the haters are really having a long week with all these wins....
jiznake8::I thought  Battier was a good pick up, but so far, i'm a bit disappointed in his output, anyone agree?
southridge305::exactly, its like any player heat get, they have to be able to avg. double digit points. heat has three players that can put up 30 plus on any given night.they issue is not being able to score or needing a player like battier to score.it helps he hit the open three, but i believed come playoff time he will be more cocnsistent hitting that shot. if he doesnt, chalmers can hit it, if he cant, miller can hit it, if he cant, james jones.... battier is a good defender in can guard most stars for short period of times
M3LLOW33::It doesn't matter that the guy doesn't score. He's in there to defend. Any points you get from him are bonus. Especially when he has 0 turnovers.
marsh025::give him some time. he's still fitting in. plus his defense is stellar. he has shown he can hit the three.
nba is the worst::Like he did last night!  Wait, what?
CandySparker::
BigCas3232::Hey Lebron, I'm just going to sit back rest and let you carry us through the regular season, and the first few rounds of the playoffs. After all that I'll play a few good 4th qtrs. in the finals and people will think I'm the best player on our team. Thank you, D Wade
picco1414::Headline should read: "Heat slip past a pitiful under .500 team, fans think ...6...7.... championships in the bag"
KingofMiami30::Heat win.. Bulls lose..
inter FC23::Bulls still have a better record BOOOOOOM!!!
Bobby685172::I knew Miami would win this game.
nba is the worst::Ha ha - where have you been?
Ianlovesfozzypc::Was anyone else expecting the airball and the travel from AD?
bguynes82::mauricclarettisinnocent your an idiot I'm wearing your moms underwear rite now
bguynes82::BECAUSE YOUR MOTHER ASKED ME TOO, IF SHES GONNA BLOOOOOOOOOWWWWW ME ILL PUT HER UNDIES ON :)
mauricclarettisinnocent::SERIOUSLY WHY ARE YOU WEARING WOMEN'S UNDERWEAR ANYWAY??? REALLY???
inter FC23::yeah, good question
bguynes82::GRAMMER POLICE CALM DOWN IM NOT IN FU!.CKING ENGLISH CLASS GRANDMA
mauricclarettisinnocent::FACKING QUEER
mauricclarettisinnocent::WHY DON'T YOU GO TO "RITE" AID AND BUY SOME NEW UNDERWEAR AND THE LATEST COPY OF WEBSTER....
mauricclarettisinnocent::DON'T YOU MEAN "YOU'RE?" IF YOU ARE GOING TO MAKE PATHETIC ATTEMPTS TO INSULT ME ABOUT MY DEAD MOTHER AT LEAST USE PROPER GRAMMAR...DUMBA$$
mauricclarettisinnocent::AND HIS MOM'S FLOPPY VAGEENA SMELLS LIKE SALMON AND GONORRHEA
mauricclarettisinnocent::LATEST WORD ON THE STREET IS THAT LEBRON WEARS WOMEN'S UNDERWEAR
