ffstudios::Al "the tooth" Jefferson at it again.
kilgary1::CP3 is injury prone and will miss half the season (says the bitter Lakers fan).
TimClip::Look, the Clippers are fine.  Everyone stood up and rejoiced, and re-analyzed the Heat last year, every time they lost a game too.  Give Utah credit, they played well, and we didn't.  Until we win the western conference later this year, these are the types of responses we will get every time we don't win a game.  This team has a lot of room for improvement, but all goals for improving are well within reach this year. No excuses, we can't win every game, and some nights, we'll lay an egg, just like last night. Nothing to worry about. Look at our roster, restore good health, and expect the wins in bunches, because it'll happen. The Heat carried that hate all the way to the NBA Finals, and I expect the Clippers will have to do the same this year, to get where we're headed, so keep hating, and we'll keep our roster the way it is. We're fine. Tip your hat to the Jazz, but remind them, this ain't over punk! We got back up!
AbyssinianLion::When the Clippers and Heat win, its all over ESPN, when they lose, there is an apologist article full of excuses somewhere hidden.  ESPN - the over-hyping of the Heat, Clippers, Tebow and Favre
larob1977@yahoo.com::see what happens, when they has to play back to back games, ask the lakers,  clippers arent special, just a soft rest shedule,  LA belongs to the Lakers still
simbone28::The Jazz have a game that is from beginning to end a highlight reel and the only play from that game that made the top ten was griffins block? What a joke.
legacyreaper32::The Clippers have a long way to go.  This game was even:  Clippers without CP3 and Jazz without Deron.
Reagan Frey::As a Jazz fan I could care very little about the rankings.  Thank goodness that the NBA is determined by wins and loses and not computer generated rankings like college football.  I don't care if they get credit or not.  I just want them to keep playing like they are doing right now.
remlap83::So, the Jazz are 2nd in the West but only 11th in Hollinger's daily power rankings.  Hows that work?  Or are the rankings more ESPN popularity contest BS?
t.schultz19::However, Go Jazz!
t.schultz19::His rankings need a large sampling of games to produce accurate rankings.  Read his explanation on how his rankings work.  You might find it interesting.  Anyway, I'd say 11th is a VERY generous ranking.  We're not that good yet, homie.  We've played 8 of 13 at home, and every win we have, the other team was missing a star player (in most cases).
larob1977@yahoo.com::cry cryyyyyyyyyyyyy
remlap83::That all you can come up with? Pretty original.  But I'm not crying...just asking a legit question.  Regardless of the rankings, the Jazz are playing good ball and are coming together as a team.  Soon, we'll be coming together all over your sorry a$$ team.
legacyreaper32::You take Hollinger's "rankings" far too seriously.
Clipshow07::No excuses last night, the Jazz completely destroyed us. It was an embarrassing, lackluster, horrible performance by us. We didn't even show up, and I'm not trying to take any credit away from the Jazz. They had all the energy. We couldn't do anything well. We layed a collective egg and better get our ship straightened back out tonight!
Clipshow07::I don't see why anyone would be hating on this game. Clips were a joke. Utah completely dominated them in every facet of the game. I don't care if CP3 was out. There is no excuse for playing as bad as we did. Chumpy couldn't hit the back side of a barn.
remlap83::Finally, a voice of reason from a Clips fan. Lots of haters taking this win away from Jazz 'cuz no CP3, but the Clips as a whole didn't play well at all.  They beat the Nets the night before without CP3, but ran into a far better, well prepared team.  Honestly, IMO, the result would've been the same even if CP3 did play. The Jazz are bringing it and ESPN 'analysts' and fans just don't like to admit it.
Clipshow07::No excuses, we got absolutely annihilated last night by Utah. They destroyed us in every facet of the game. We looked slow and couldn't shoot for our lives!! It was a downright embarrassing performance. It was almost like we weren't even there. A high school team could have beaten us. We better get our as ses straightened out tonight against Dallas.
chizzy2123::All I can say is that Millsap owned Blake Griffin and it really wasn't even close. He dominated him on offense and also on defense. Oh and the Clippers have absolutely no bench.  That will kill them down the road.
Clipshow07::For sure. Millsap is awesome. He had all the energy and completely dominated Blake. Mike Smith was talking about how Blake needs to learn how to manage his energy during the games. The night before he was all over everywhere on the court all the entire time he was in, which is not a bad thing. But he expends energy often times where he shouldn't - he's just an overly aggressive, which, again, is not a bad thing. But, especially in the shortened season he needs to manage his energy better.
GRAVE _ MOLDER::Millsap
DeezBrown::Why did I have to search high and low for this article?? I went to the Clips site and no words were spoken of the beatdown. I know CP3 is a beast but I think the key was no CP3 AND no Mo Will. If one of those two played they Clips might not have gotten totally embarrassed. Not surprised at how great Milsap is playing, he's a skilled player. Its just too bad he has no shot at making the all star team.
remlap83::The Jazz are perpetually disrespected regardless of how well they do.  Haters will always come up with some lame-$@% excuse as to why the Jazz beat a team ("Oh, our best player was out") or are placed high in the standings ("Oh, their schedule was soft").  I'm not even sure winning a championship would help, 'cuz I'm sure that would be seen as a fluke.  Bottom line, the Jazz whooped the Clips, and none of the players on the floor, even the "Golden Child" Blake Griffin, stepped up to pick up the slack.  A wins-a-win.
DeezBrown::Yep a Dub is always a Dub.
otm4life::Lovin the Jazz.  ESPN gives them no credit.  Only highlight I saw of the game this morning was a Blake Griffin block and a mention that the Clippers lost becasue Paul didn't play.  Gosh, I thought the Clippers were gonna be a team I could root for, but not if ESPN is suckin their nuts all year.
remlap83::Talk about hype, look at the top of your screen and you'll see a 'Heat Index' link.  Another case of ESPN telling us who we should be rooting for/talking about.  I don't see a 'Jazz INdex' or 'Bulls Index'.  Not too much bias.
otm4life::So true. I wish they would spend equal time covering winning teams, but that will never happen.
musictoad::Love how KOC has built this Jazz team. Length, athleticism, and intelligence. I actually feel confident in the Jazz's defense for the first time in my entire life. As Favors and Kanter start to mature and become the beasts they can be, it could very well be the best frontline in the NBA in a few years if they stick together. Not to mention Hayward and Burks have a lot of improving to do as well. Upside on this team is through the roof.
MNorton1982::Utah looking like one of the top 8 teams in the west. I know they have played mostly home games, but good teams win at home and steal some on the road. This is a playoff team, not a title contender. YET!
tbest23::Lot of home games so far for the Jazz. Without Paul, this was meaningless...
remlap83::It's an L in the LOSS column for the Clips and W in the WIN column for the Jazz regardless of who the teams put on the court.  Meathead.
NYeltigre::Utah was without Favors and Howard, two of their leading scorers. So TBEST23, you have no point at all.
MNorton1982::Then the whole clippers season is meaningless. Paul is always hurt.
scotty2hotty05::show some intelligence.......meaningless? We had 25 points a game injured on our bench in Favors and Howard....lest we forget, we beat them by 29......for a team that was projected to be LAST before the season started, no W is meaningless......
scotty2hotty05::It is comical how much disdain people from other markets have for the JAZZ..........I guess winning 50 games a year for 2 decades will do that........  As far as Millsap goes.......He has played 2 WEST forwards up for ALL STAR consideration.........Gasol was owned, i mean it was embarrassing. And Griffen scored 10 points??? Could not stop Millsap from scoring.  We will see as time goes on, but dont slight Millsap cuz you hate the Jazz, thats weak.  Bottom LIne.......NO ONE, including the self proclaimed ESPN guru's had UT at #2 in the WEST 13 games in. We were running the Clips out of the building with KANTER, BURKS, EVANS, JAMAL "FREAKIN" TINSLEY, and CJ MILES...........That is a joke!!  This team is not a playoff team yet, nor do Jazz fans think we are "winning it all", thats loco, but we are extremely happy with our record and the future is BRIGHT!
Rambomonster9::Who is the NBA's "PER" leader,  point per minute leader, FG% leader AND 3pt% leader???....MIKE MILLER $@%!$@%!
charlesfbriggs::Anyone saying how easy Utah's schedule has been thus far, doesn't understand SOS. Ours is well above 500.
KGJ1264::ESPN why is this not front page news ?  Your mighty Clips got their $@% handed to them? If it was the Lakers it would be the beginning of the end for them.  Biased sharp thorns!
Johnson95135::No articles this morning on how great the Clips are and are going to be?  Guess you only pump out the $@%!$@%! when you can front run right ESPN?
jcmaggi::Utah looked like lob city last night
dcfaithfull::How is Reggie Evans even in the NBA?
dcfaithfull::No, I certainly mean Reggie Evans.  Dude played 21 minutes and got 1 point, and 9 rebounds.  Jeremy played 17, got 9 pts, 3 rebounds and 2 blocked shots.
Constanza_George::Cus' all he does is rebound
cougarfromouterdarkness::Do you mean Jeremy Evans?
nastorga801::Paul Millsap is #5 overall in player efficiency rating (PER) at I think it was 26.55. He has Kobe, Lebron, Durant and injured Genobli ahead of him. I can't wait to see him get snubbed for the all star game this year.
nastorga801::So what we're saying here is that Millsap is one of the most efficient players this year so far? How is that useless? Every team in the NBA keeps running totals on how efficient their players are during the games. Do they do this because they're bored?
acidflow03::Considering how Anderson has been playing and how nobodyhas seem to been able to stop him tben I say yes he deserves to be in the all star
nastorga801::Yeah, that's why Durant, Lebron and Kobe are at the top of it. It shows how bad they are and how little they do when on the court. THE NUMBERS LIE!
jcmaggi::Thought so.
jcmaggi::Ok what's the difference between someone who has a 26 PER and 25 PER? It doesn't tell you anything. Hell Greg Monroe and Ryan Anderson are top 10 in PER....does that mean they deserve to be in consideration for the All-Star game? All PER measures is efficiency.
jcmaggi::Cause PER is an utterly useless stat
la09champs24::nobody is talkin about these JAZZ
JazzFanFromINDIA::Jazz have been always ignored......but that's good ...cuz that keeps them hungry !!!
JayUtJazz::When will ESPN give the Jazz the credit they deserve?
pjreiter::I guess when they actually beat a few good teams.  Beating the injury depleted Clippers is hardly what I would call a landmark victory.  So far the Jazz have played a pretty soft schedule.
remlap83::Haters always talkin' 'bout "they had a soft schedule" usually after a team whipes the court up with their team.  So, if MIllsap was out injured and the Clips won, would you be sayin' the win didn't count 'cuz the Jazz' best player was out?  Didn't think so.  Can't have it both ways.  A wins-a-win.  Period.  Especially one by 29pts over the 'vaunted' Clippers.  All Hail the Jazz.
acidflow03::Ya Denver and Sixers are soft but its okay ignore that Utah was without Howard and Favors as well but im sorry i forgot missing one player would make up for a 29 pt $@%! whooping.. ooo and to your credit Utah benched all their starters for fourth quarter and there bench scored 54points no starter played more than 30 minutes and  Clips still get beat by 29 points pathetic whats even worse is that utahs bench played less minutes and scored the same amount of pins as the starters
dcfaithfull::Never, and the Jazz will silently remain a fantastic, and winning basketball club.
pjreiter::...that goes nowhere in the playoffs.  Enjoy the silence.
Alicia 1688::Millsap &gt; Griffin
dodulla::this shows how good CP3 really is, hope he doesnt take to long to get over the pulled hammy!  if so, there will be alot of butt hurt people that had this team very high!!  Hope this isnt the curse of sterling again!!!  this could get ugly LMAO
Yoshie42174::Jazz get no love on ESPN, Heat and Bulls this, blah blah blah.  Jazz are 2nd in the west and looking strong.  GO JAZZ!!
charlesfbriggs::Utah's SOS is well over 500 genius
pjreiter::Have you even looked at who the Jazz have played?  I'd say the only real significant victories are over Philly and Denver.  Aside from that their schedule has been pretty weak.
acidflow03::still winning point blank.. what do you expect them to do when they play those teams just say oo you guys suck so lets not show up but you are right they have had some weaker opponents but you still cant deny their D has been stoping just about everyone since the 1st couple of games besides Cleveland
CandySparker::How sweet Paul Mill Sap!
JazzFanFromINDIA::Millslapping for the Last 5 games
Dave5227::What a fraud Griffin is...I remember last year he said he had to work on his midrange jumper....Ya, what did you do in high school and college and your first year in the pro's besides work on dunking!!!!
KGJ1264::How did this idiot even sniff the Olympic roster?  what has he done to earn that accomplishment ?  Jump over a ugly car ?  I hope Coach K cuts his first round.
dcfaithfull::The guys go-to post move is not effective.
PlayaMade5::Hey Clippers fans you know Bynum hasn't missed a game because of injury yet, can't say the same about CP3 though he is a bit injury prone himself.
49ersYEAH::<b>clippers will always suck </b>
gordlig::what a difference one guy makes - looked like the clippers of old last night.
dodulla::we will see if he miss an extended period of time, or you could be looking towards a low lottery pick
Constanza_George::Didn't they trade their first to the Hornets for CP3?
JazzFanFromINDIA::That guy didn't played last game too and Clips won . Jazz are just good ! Accept that .
NBA_refs_are_weak::but you wouldnt trade griffin for howard, am i right? lolol
JRat::Jeremy Evans!
skeptic_of_skeletons::Much to Donald Sterling's chagrin, and by his own doing,....the cloud hanging over the Clippers is BLACK.
crawnjc1982::Ha! nice to see there are still imature laker fans still steaming off that loss vs the clips so theryre still runnin theyre mouth. Clips are still a way better team minus paul than the lakers minus Kobe. I mean seriously, without Kobe how many PPG would the lakers be going through right now.......thats what I thought, maybe 70 PPG at the most. Theres nothing but laker fans at this post and you guys get jealous over the stupidiest things. "Kobe this, &amp; Kobe that", man quit d**k riding. Without Paul we know the clippers arent that good especially a road game and he is now the heart &amp; soul but what did you expect you idiots. The Jazz will still be the same 'ol Jazz in the playoffs, play a Laker team once again who get a cake walk schedule in the playoffs involved in a 5 game series that NOBODY in the country wants to view. Whats killing me most is you laker pundits who live in the glory days that will transpire in a 2nd round exit. "same 'ol clippers" laker fans still mad that they dont have CP3
bluesince62::@ crawnjc1982  Jesus H moron.. quit d**k riding the Clippers and pick up a freekin' dictionary.
ChuckOlajuwon::Amen on your statement about the Lakers, but you know the Clippers are not contenders either dont you?  They are a better team with CP3, but CP3 is not an elite player that can put them over the top.  I wish them well though.  Im tired of watching the Clips lose every year when they get a high pick every year.  Dont know how its even possible.  Fans deserve more.
ChuckOlajuwon::How are teams getting blown out so bad this year!  This is nuts.  This sport is suffering, bring on march madness now please.
Caylees_Vengeful_Spirit_X::BRICK CITY
Jazzfan876::Most surprising part of the season is that Ty Corbin seems to know what he's doing.  I don't think the Jazz will stay in playoff position though once their schedule becomes a little more road-heavy.
cougarfromouterdarkness::He sounds a hell of lot more sensible than you do INDIAfan, you must be mormon or something
JazzFanFromINDIA::WTF !!! are you doing here ?? Troll !
JazzFanFromINDIA::You better keep your opinion to yourself . You have your own Outdated , Orthodox way of thinking !! Get Over It .
TAC0REV::I love what Corbin is doing. He finally has Jefferson playing within the offense. He even had four assists! Hopefully Big Al's days of being a black hole are over. Also, I can't remember the Jazz ever being this good defensively.
EMCanada::Definitely not. Corbin is really running a nice rotation, and this team is deep.  I'm with Earl Watson, and say this is a  playoff team.
EMCanada::Loving the bench play, Utah.
truesportfanman::Who turned off the lob faucet:? Bingo.....Oh me, Oh my......
CandySparker::
convolutedthought::jazz and denver are really fun to watch real TEAM basketball...honestly this is getting a message....though I am a laker fan I enjoy watching these cohesive type of games keep it up!
HOLLOW51386::NO CHRIS PAUL= SAME OL CLIPPERS
dustcall33::i guess its too bad that he's always injured, too bad for clippers fans that is.
EMCanada::Teams that do well against the Jazz are those that can defend the power forward/center position. I've only seen this from the Lakers and a bit from Denver so far. Portland might also give us trouble.
EMCanada::I'm just remembering what we did to Cleveland and then again tonight. Big Al said, "They had no shot blockers"  Our offense runs through our big guys, thus I'm really thinking that as long as those guys can score, its nearly impossible to put the Jazz down. Look for teams with shot blockers at Center or PF and we have our poor matchups. Avoid those teams and we got a pretty good shot making a playoff run, or at least thats what I think I'm seeing.
EMCanada::If the Jazz are better than my theory on them and defensive big men makes them out to be, I can live with that. If the Lakers are our only bad matchup I'd be happy to see them play around that.
dustcall33::nobody gives us trouble like the lakers in the paint, at least they got rid of lamar he used to eat boozer and al
EMCanada::Gasol still gives Al plenty of trouble, but maybe the Lakers will run out of gas, seeing how they are grinding their starters pretty hard.
PK009::Who y'all got for Roy so far? I got Kyrie Rubio brooks in the order
cougarfromouterdarkness::Rubio without question!! are you seriously even debating it at this point. The guy is the next Steve Nash
PK009::The kid got IT. If he stays healthy he's gonna run away with it. Brooks is the wild card he's got crazy upside pure scorer
abenezer44::kyrie and its not even close
abenezer44::griffin defense is laughable
PK009::Howard's d is light years ahead and if he plays w cp3 his offense won't matter that trade sounds too good to be true the clippers would have to let. Blake go. It wouldn't make sense not to
dustcall33::Dwight is literally twice as good as Blake, he plays offense and defense: Magic were 3rd in the NBA last season in defense
PK009::It's probably the marketing aspect they probably feel Blake is more marketable sell more merch and tickets?  Idk griffin for Howard straight sounds too good to be true tho
abenezer44::its funny how the clippers would want to keep griffin, instead of getting dwight howard
dustcall33::Millsap went "honey badger" on Blake Griffin: he took what he wanted and he didn't give a $@%!
