Boingnova::You've got to eny Bargnani.  He gets to see world-class basketball players close-up everynight.  Why he's close enough to touch 'em!
FREE_TEBOW::Tebow?????
Pusha Tonn::go grizz!!!!
I3UTTON::GO RAPTORS!  -said no one ever
stathusker::Unless Chris Bosh is telling family to leave his house
Bmarleys420::Started following this betting system called sportsbettingstar a couple of months back. Ive been making around $3,000 a month profit using this system. You can find more about this system on google by searching the words sports betting system. ;
johndomenow::westbrook owns J lin on this play!! he needs to be more aggressive dont u agreet?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcPf5tXiujo
CoreyGallagherArt::We need to trade Speights asap  - Me, a Sixers fan =[
Oklahoman2424::Hey Toronto, stay in the bottom 3-7 so OKC can get that first round pick this year!
Grindhouse2413::Great win Griz! Great team ball. This is the way we handle sub .500 teams. Let's do it again on Friday and then take it to the Spurs on Saturday. Dam proud of Memphis.
applebyj::Shame we are a small market team, David Stern will probably pull a 2002 sacramento type of move
elwin38::I hope not! You mean like game 6 of the West Final betwwen the Lakers and Kings? Game 7 was a travesty too!
MemphisSwag::Glade we kept Conly over Lowery.......
nmsadler::I love Grizzlies boards. Theres a few loyal Grizz fans, the usual Spurs trolls, and the opposing teams fans...but our boards never attract a lot of attention. Grizz and our fans are just content flying under the radar even as they have the best record in the NBA.
portans1936::I thought Toronto was supposed to be decent this year.
wnsj89::woo!! nice job Grizz, gotta make sure the Raps keep their protected top 3 1st rounder this year!!
CandySparker::Spice Girls &gt; Speights Grizz
nmsadler::Grizz have a better record than your team (whoever they may be).
CUSA_NEWS::Welcome to the Conversation page of the best team in the NBA...
Chapmanx23::-Kobe Bryant
Aaron2285::all are doing good but yall havnt faced Spurs yet (:
thf24::We've already beaten the Heat, Lakers, Knicks, and Thunder... I think we can handle your Spurs.
Aaron7065::sup Aaron
HottyToddy8406::The Spurs are the Rolling Stones of the NBA, yeah they're great, but they are fossils.  Father time has won, time for some new bloods which the NBA needs.... What's not to love about the Grizzlies?? Marc went to HS in Memphis while his brother plied his trade as the franchise pic during the move to Memphis, he is then drafted by the Lakers, traded to Memphis as part of the deal for his brother... turns out to be everything Pau wasn't (Awesome).  Then you have the resurgence of Z-Bo most underated post man in the league, Rudy hitting his stride, Tony Allen being the sparkplug that no one can hate, and then you have a team of role players.... This team is built for a Finals run this year, wish I still lived there instead of lowly DC...
tigersfangoldandblue::We did that one time in the playoffs a few years back ... remember that ?
Aaron2285::heyy heyy all About them SAN ANTONIO SPURS BITCHHH (:
BowCephus::we'll se you saturday.. jus make sure they drink their prune juice and dont forget to get on the bus from Perkins
daDboyz1185::we'll see ............. hope your players dont break a hip! Grizz Nation kid!
thememdude::When you beat the best you can be the best...until then get your team some Ensure troll
thememdude::Gotta post it!  Best NBA vid ever!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WK7lIjFsGvg
machinegunkelley80::whats with all the selby lusting. id much rather see wroten get burn before selby considering the last game when conley was out. he could control the game better than anyone who was backing bayless
BowCephus::wroten didnt play last game when mike was out
machinegunkelley80::i honestly could care less about his minutes or stats. hollins dosent trust him and i trust hollins
BowCephus::he played for a whopping 3 min.. thats all he ever gets.. in blowouts up by 20+ they need to throw him out there with like 5 left or so.. jus give him a shot.. thats all
machinegunkelley80::i know but selby did, thats why i said id rather see
BowCephus::does lionel have something against Selby?? i personally think if he ever rounds into the scorer hes capable of being.. having him off the bench as well as the rest of the weapons we have.. Whos gonna stop this team?? but we'll never know cuz lionel wont give him more than 3 min out there.. in blow outs keep in mind
daDboyz1185::yeah, and if you were smart you would keep his $@% on the bench unless we're up 30. Selby is some slop, Im a huge Grizz fan but he is an under sized guard who is out of control. This is why he plays 3 min a game. .
machinegunkelley80::mike plays pg its obvious selby isnt a point guard
BowCephus::and the kid dropped 30 on the good players over the summer.. ji jus think he deserves a shot thats all.. geez
BowCephus::hes the same size as mike
machinegunkelley80::selby cant play defence. hell never get burn until he improves on that end.. you ask the same questions every game
machinegunkelley80::well hollins dosent think so. ijs
BowCephus::and.. ill quit asking and wondering when i see this kid get more time on the court.. he got time last yr.. and he wasnt experienced.. now he is.. i get it his D sux.. but in a blow out do u really need him for his D in garbage time?? no u just need to throw him out there and see what he has..  his summer numbers have earned him that shot i think
BowCephus::at least we could find out if we have a possible trade bait in him
TheRealKazmir::is it just me? or does the NBA get worse and worse each year, focusing just on like 5 teams. THe teams with the "Big stars". THey give the Griz NO credit and just talk about the stupid thunder, or heat or horrible Lakers....
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Memphis is like the smallest market in the NBA...they'd have to make the finals like OKC..before they get some credit.. Heck, even San Antonio doesn't get enough coverage despite their prolific success over the last decade..
TheRealKazmir::True true. Well I enjoy watching the Griz stomp everyone nonetheless
thememdude::That's ESPN...there are other media sources out there that aren't rooting for large markets
knight_rider_1983::Great Job Memphis
rc021363::Good game for the first half, Raptor fans!  Hang in there, Grizzlies were at this stage at one time, too.  Grit N Grind Grizzles!!!
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Raptors were like this for the better part of their existence...
rc021363::Take it from me, I never thought I would see the Grizzlies be a contender, but now they are, and it took developing a core team that stuck together for 5 years.  It can happen for the Raptors.
gri400::a home game (yay) , then the raps get 5 more games on the road, hate the way their schedule is so far this year. They aren't good, but this ain't helping
Everyday im Shufflin 290::GG Raptors
d-nyce-::DAMN Bayless was looking for some old teammates after the game and no one was there.
sasha_lu::Good game.  I guess.  See ya next time, Raptors.
Griss13ears::Good win and good night.
taylorlovesballs::raptors are my second favorite team,but god, theyre awful
rc021363::Selby let Acy get to him on that one.  That foul was not that bad.
knight_rider_1983::Love Selby for that
gri400::i'd love it if Acy sort of started playing like reggie evans
d-nyce-::I can't believe these scrubs are beefing right now lol
knight_rider_1983::Thats real Selby
Benjamayne::this acy guy...
knight_rider_1983::Selby?
rc021363::Haddadi!!! You go!
Benjamayne::speights for 3? lol
gri400::at least ross has been playing some serious minutes, not riding the pine anymore
sasha_lu::Haddadi!
michael107115::Idk I think it's bad coaching by Memphis not having the bench in earlier. Ellington is struggling, Pondexter seems to get better the more he plays, Arthur needs to play to find a rhythm, Shelby needs to play and get more experience. Memphis lost valuable time bringing the starters back in when they were up 17
rc021363::I wish Ellington would shoot the lights out like he did earlier in the year.
knight_rider_1983::here come the reserves!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  get ya popcone ready"-T.O.
knight_rider_1983::"I will make the ESPN highlights one way or another"-Acy
Benjamayne::then again, espn doesnt know that the grizzlies exist
rc021363::Acy was a little rough, so I don't blame Rudy.  Looks like the game has gotten sluggish.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::I love you Acy..you take 20 ft jumper...hit Lowry in the eye..than start a fight with Gay...
sasha_lu::It's hard for me to see your screen name and think you are anything but a Memphis fan.
gri400::dorsey is the man haha, wish he was still with the raps
JoeyDorsey4MVP::I was a fan of Dorsey when he played for the Raptors..but I am aware of how popular he is in Memphis due to his college career..
gri400::is this to me or JD4MVP? :)
gri400::all in about 30 seconds... pretty impressive i guess
BowCephus::i agree get Selby out there.. lets see what the kid has.. he lit it up in th summer leagues against rooks and sophomores keep in mind.. the kid can flat out score.. theres a reason he was the #1 recruit outta HS a few yrs ago
Griss13ears::Keep calm rudy. Good lord
sasha_lu::Yeah, that was a little too much Diva for my liking.
knight_rider_1983::Acy =Assy
