Gotham::Hate to say it but Ive watched the 76ers and with their new rookie point guard Carter Williams who burned D. Rose the other night will make Felton look like a chump and the 76ers (3-0) will stomp on the Knicks (1-2). The Knicks are in the same mode, fall behind and play catch up ball.  The Timberwolves aint no joke! What in sam hell is wrong with Woodson at times. He's not tuff enough to steer these knicks into a killer D form.
Gotham::Woodson needs to start Metta and have 3 defensive specialists to start the D up for the Knicks. Other than Chandler & Shumpert no body's stepping up  on D including Melo. Melo had 17 boards but needs to work on his D. Atleast Lebron James plays all around including D and those around him are committed to play team defense. Woodson cant have this team falling behind and then ZOOM the scoring begins. He loves it when he brings JR Smith to save the day catching up a big defecit. But in the end the opponent wins.
Ed::These Knicks show the same irritating habit of last year's team, of playing bad and falling behind by a huge margin in the first half and then desperately trying to rally to win in the end. Most of the time, the rally falls short and the Knicks lose. But since it works from time to time, and the Knicks won a division title last year, some fans aren't concerned about that.     On other hand, w\here games are close, they exhibit the failure to begin and end quarters strong, at least for first 3 quarters.  Knicks may be trailing by 3-4 points with 2 minutes to go before half-time and at half-time, the team suddenly is down by 10-12 or more. Or the opposite: they're ahead by 11 points with time running out in third quarter, then by end of 3rd, the other team's cut the lead to 4.  This has been a constant with this team. In the game vs. Chicago, they could have been down y less than 5 points at end of third quarter, instead they were down by 10.  These bad habits are omething that Mike Woodson has to fix. But he won't or can't.  He still goes by the strategy of letting  Melo and R Smith shoot as much as they can. At best, that's another 50-55 win season but eliminated in 2nd round of playoffs.
I State Facts And You Get Mad::Wow Woodson is a horrible coach, Metta is having a great game and is +17 and gets benched in the 4th yet Felton is shooting horrible and is - 17 and is playing and he then puts Hardaway back into the game and he gets passed the ball and no shocker, he shoots it... LMAO
Saturn::Kevin Love is the best player in the league. For u haters out there, he also has the best defensive rating on his team.  Move over lechump love's team is scoring 138 pts per one hundred possessions with Love on the floor and they are only giving up 90 per 100 possesions. Lebrons numbers are only 116 offensively and 108 defensively. Love has  the best off and def rating on his team while lenothing has only the 4th best off rating and 8th best def rating.
Gotham::Woodson has already put his foot in his mouth stating before Knicks pre season loss at home that the knicks will be 42-0 at the new renovated MSG. 1-2? Not only you're horrible so far as a  coach but yo! Allowing 40 points to the T-Wolves in the 1st quarter at home? Wheres the freaking D!!! Woodson is too soft and just cant wait for his favorite JR Smith to come back. Think the boos were loud by halftime, keep this ugly trend and maybe the knicks need a tough tooth and nail coach. Woodson aint the guy.
Christopher::Wow, Kevin Love straight up dominated Anthony all night.
Vincent::Martin on fire, showing what he got, good decision moving to Minnesota.
Roger::Woodson is exposed....bottomline...the Knicks were a better and more exciting team without Woodson in charge,without Carmelo on the floor and Jeremy Lin running the team.There was electricity on that team and city until Carmelo came back to dominate the ball and whisper his knocks about Lin running the Knicks and being the toast of NY.  Carmelo will NEVER win...selfish bb players rarely do and Woodson started backstabbing his head coach (D'Antoni) and aligning himself to Carmelo's opinion about Lin and ultimately got Anthony's support for the head job.
RyanJ::it's interesting that the knicks were +8 when Carmello was on the floor, for just over 44 of the 48 minutes of the game and still lost.
