michael::GSW did not lose because KD scored 54; NBA players get hot specially when you allow them to get in a groove early. GSW lost the game because they scored 55% from the free throw line, they failed to punish OKC for having 39 year old Fisher playing PG and for allowing other OKC players apart from KD scoring 52% for the game. I do hold the GSW players responsible: Bogut for going 0-5 from the free throw line and for their appalling defending. No doubt we have a number of players struggling specially Barnes whose struggles have taken a new dimensions. As for the couching staff, lets just say it is fair to say that GSW couching is not the most experienced in the NBA. Simply put, GSW couching is below average in putting the talented GSW players in a position to do better. This team had the excuse of having a light bench which I think has been addressed with the recent additions, specially Crawford. I imagine the GSW ownership figure they have an asset rich team which is under achieving. A significant trade and or a change in couching will follow I suspect before the beginning of next season. Meanwhile, GSW are like a box chocolate; you never know what you will get; certainly not a defensive team (wishful thinking) and certainly NOT an elite team.
Robert::Interesting facts about tonight's Warrior win: Curry had no TO's, he had 8 assists, he had 6 rebounds, he only took 22 shots and he played less than 40 minutes, in other words, a balanced performance, instead of an inefficient mad shooter. I wish Mark Jackson takes notice of this fact and coaches Curry into playing this more efficient and productive style of basketball.....
Anton::Typical Pelicans game. Let Anthony Davis pad his stats and tank.
Mr_Mojo Risin::I can't remember the last time the Warriors had this few turnovers and hit a high percentage of free throws in the same game. They can beat any team if they have 8 TO and shoot 89.5% at the line. Contrary to popular belief, the Warriors are not a one dimensional "live by the 3 die by the 3" team. That's fools gold. They are one of the best defensive and rebounding teams in the NBA.
PKM::If the 49ers win then the Warriors will smash the Pelicans.
Brett::Both teams are softies Please watch the MIND BENDING THUMB BENDING video on Youtube for information on the conspiracy to destroy the black male. Thank you.
R.R::Money in the bank!! Cheer$ Road Warriors ;)
Vlad::zero turnovers for curry. nice
Seattle Blows!::bogut....the great wall of Golden State.
Jimmy::anthony davis  11 - 17 shooting  ...  serge ibaka  8 - 11 ... david lee once again playing matador defense!! next power forward to over power lee is david west
