jrtall3n7::PJ is head coach, not interim head coach.
apietman::Wow look at Evans ripping down the boards!
allroy1313::This is getting rough. It's like watching the Eagles play basketball.  Leaving guys wide open, looking like they have doorknobs for hands, repeatedly being in the wrong place at the wrong time.   Calling Mr. Bynum.... Mr. Bynum??... uh, Mr. Bynum??
leerey14::SADLY basically every loss the sixers have is based on free throw differential. thats basically it.......sure and rebounds but id free throw differential IS A LOT MORE IMPORTANT. ESPECIALLY IN THE NBA WHERE THATS HOW YOU WIN EVERY GAME.
spcoon::a 20 point blow out on FT differential? take the ball to the hoop! your bigs shoot jumpers! no wonder you don't get to the line or grab boards.
BK HOTSHOT::I still think there is a chance to Trade Lopez for Dwight Howard? I think there is real turmoil with the Fakers.
spcoon::why would you want to give up lopez for that clown?
jrtall3n7::exactly. Lopez does way more.
Ontario925::Why are Heat fans so concerned about talking smack at the Nets? They should be basking in first place now and celebrating their team as defending champions instead of being bothered by a 6th place conference team.
BK HOTSHOT::A winning starting line-up of Evans, Lopez, Williams, Johnson &amp; Wallace. Finally a way to mask Lopez weakness, have someone else get the rebounds. Great Job Reggie Evans! Now, Please tell Joe Johnson to stay AGRESSIVE! Shoot more &amp; take over games! I wish I could go back and highlight the times that I said Andray Blatche should start over Kris Humphries. I was slightly off? Who knew Reggie Evans would be the answer? Now Blatche leads the 2nd unit along with Humphries, Bogans &amp; maybe Teletovic? Keep it up BROOKLYN!
spcoon::lopez averages 9.1 rebounds per 36 minutes. not quite a "weakness." and btw, watch evans play defense—he rarely sticks his man or closes out, as he's constantly getting into rebounding position. i'm a nets fan, i want him to succeed, but he's a horrible defensive player.
Herbin Guerilla::The Nets are playing better without Avery Johnson at the helm.
Herbin Guerilla::OWNED!
choppinitupinAZ::using a betting system named Sportsbettingstar. Im making around 2-3K a month profits using this system. You can find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet on sports at all I highly recommend checking this out
mksatx::Q
Buttblaster44::Why you so bad Philly ?
Hondo Kid::I wish I was using that cool internet betting site to double my money.  So far I've saved millions in internet and electrical usage.  By not being a spamtool.  Yep I know they're really fabulous but my bookie father in laws sisters cousin might get mad if I used that site.  Turrible I can't double my money all the time.  Maybe the us govt can us that site to quit losing taxpayers respect?
Buttblaster44::WTF    Your a cardinals fan... Yous ain't that smart.
choppinitupinAZ::Chop Chop
choppinitupinAZ::Ive been using this system for betting called Sportsbettingstar the past few months. im making around $3000 each month so far following its picks. You can find this system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems.
mojorisin92::I still don't get why the Nets fired Avery. And I don't mean this to sound dumb or anything; I don't keep up with the Nets that much, I'd actually like to hear a Nets' fan take on the whole thing.
Boyanime2K13::Once again,  under Avery, the Nets  got outplayed in the third quarter every single   game. Isn’t halftime when coaching adjustments are supposed to happen?  well not Avery, he was a control freak, who was outcoached every night. And on top of that, not unrelated, the Nets have lost four straight games in which they had a double digit    lead. That is pathetic. He kept making excuses,excuses. but refuse to make adjustments.his isolations plays were horrable made the team miserable...
Boyanime2K13::in Short, he lost the team'' after the players stop listening to him.Just like       what happen in Dallas..
Johnny Manziel is too good.::<b> Dump Bynum this offseason and sign Dwight. </b>
KungFuZombie75::LOL, yeah cause Dwight is coming to Philly...
ganggreengaingreen_oww::better than nothin. plus we got a lil cap room
Johnny Manziel is too good.::When Jrue makes the All-Star game it will benefit the team.
YogaBeer::To the sixer fans.    Asking this as a serious question and not trying to be funny at all.   I'd like to know YOUR opinion.    Not a fan of the sixers, I still thought they'd be THE up and coming team in the East this year.    Your roster, IMHO, looks pretty good.   What happened?    Why 6 games under .500?
Buttblaster44::Drugs sex and rock and roll .....man, they are killers
KungFuZombie75::Well I am Sixers fan &amp; never had the expectations you did for this season. Even with a healthy Bynum this team still isn't winning anything. Plus we have 9 new players it's going to take time to jell. Look at the Heat two years ago &amp; we don't have anything close to a Lebron or Wade. I also think DC is a horrible judge of talent &amp; is way too obsessed with small ball.
ViPZE.com::Injuries in the backcourt...No inside presence...Coaches know how to defend due to limitations of what they can do.
SPGCPA::fairly simple answer....no Bynum....no Iggy....
Super Bowl NFL 11 11 93::Miami Heat &gt; Bricklyn Nets
YogaBeer::A heat fan trying to talk smack?   lmao
ViPZE.com::YogaBeer - A heat fan trying to talk smack?   lmao  That's hilarious!!!
djny2k12::Wizards &gt; Heat
weatherguy173::EVANS
ganggreengaingreen_oww::if it wasnt for jrue and thad the sixers wouldnt even be considered an nba team. while i got the mic let me say how much of a joke nick young is. the guy was on the worst $@%!$@ team last year the wizards who barely won 10 games. in like 2 games he had 40 points... and they still lost. hes a loser what a classic sixers move. at least guys like wright and richardson have some sense of winning (at least they have been in a playoff game. dump this fool and grab a PG who wont poo his pants like ivey and wayns
MontanaAggie::Huh.  Maybe Avery WAS the problem.
Flying wolves::.
Buttblaster44::!
Ebony Dynamite::teletovic is going to be something
SPGCPA::we certainly hope so...
ArizWilcat72::been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar the past couple of months. I've made between 2-3K a month profits using this systems picks. You can find the system on the 1st page of google by searching for sports betting systems. I have tried a few systems in the past and never seen anything as accurate as this one.
Pignotti33::Nobody wants to use your gay dating service.
thundermine2::Whoaa Philly got farted on tonight
Super Bowl NFL 11 11 93::Brooklyn Sucks!
BRAY5150::Another good defensive effort by the lakers
JSchaef00::Charlotte, Cleveland, Barely Washington,  Philadelphia, Sacramento.....I'll give you OKC but they better beat those other ones.
esstea23::2 of the Wizards' 5 wins are against the teams from last year's finals... Go figure.
JSchaef00::Nice
Super Bowl NFL 11 11 93::OKC just lost to the Wizards.
meltzercool1::Didn't the Heat lose to the Wizards....
deepen03::REGGGIEE!!!
BRAY5150::Reggie rebound at it again. I saw that a lot last season when he was a clipper
ArizWilcat72::Nets starting to take form again
Usarmy236::Rebs and Turnovers lost the game tonight for this sixers
PinedaGas::Hope this situation with Blatche isn't too serious...he's a force off the bench for us.
Mets2410::lol Lopez said Reggie boxed him out
ThankYouDenardRobinson::Been following a betting system named Sportsbettingstar the past few months.  I've made around 2-3K a month profits using this systems advice.  You will find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems.  I have bet on sports for a long time and tried many systems in the past and nothing is as accurate as this one.
Super Bowl NFL 11 11 93::PJ will become the Lakers coach after they fire D Antoni at the end of the season.
Buttblaster44::4:30 is to early for honey nut Cheerios
beltram9::Blasphemy!
beltram9::How tall is Evans?
meltzercool1::beltram, did you ever think that Evans takes away A LOT of potential defensive rebounds from Lopez???
beltram9::I figured he would be like 7'2  That's a ton of boards. Makes up for lopez
Rezo201::6'8
2LikeABoss6::is this their 5th win in row?
one4daagez::4th.
ashland80@optonline.net::Netsdaily is top notch but got to get info on this boat he story saying found drugs and pics on his phone
ashland80@optonline.net::The brooklyn game.com good nets site
Stephen 45::where it say that?
ashland80@optonline.net::Blatche is in serious trouble
Super Bowl NFL 11 11 93::No wonder he got booed by Wizards fans.
uconn1511::he was nothing more than a guy in a room.
Rezo201::I don't think he is in trouble, but he is a...
Thedevil25::why?  he wasn't there
Rezo201::He was 'in the area' of the incident, aka his hotel room.
Thedevil25::so he lied?
Rezo201::Yes he was, he admitted he was. He just didn't rape her.
Stephen 45::Do u guys prefer Espn nets coverage or Nets Daily Nets coverage?
one4daagez::Definitely Netsdaily.
Mets2410::NetsDaily all the way
Rezo201::Nets Daily
ashland80@optonline.net::Read nets are scorching boat he in huge trouble!!!
PennDrex::Does Evan Turner suck or does he blow?
uconn1511::yes
HEREWEGOIRISHHEREWEGO::BROOKKKK-LYNNNNNN
qbs2008::dude go get a life and stop hating so much on the Nets
Super Bowl NFL 11 11 93::Just wait.  Brookyn will fall to Miami again.
Rezo201::Reggie is averaging over 19 boards per 40 minutes. lol
Decisions is a BOSS::http://xat.com/ESPNPeople
Decisions is a BOSS::http://xat.com/ESPNPeople
kkawesome50::It's kinda funny how all the nets fan are now saying good game to the sixers and that they have a nice team. Just before the game started these same fans were bashing the Sixers and saying they suck
kkawesome50::Yeah it is a generalization. Not all fans do it, but you have to admit the majority of them do it. I'm not hating on the Nets, it's  just something all teams do that I think is funny.
Rezo201::Generalization much?
