Tim Loveable Wells::Pacers: Best team in the NBA
Leon N Sara Gibs::agree
Derrick Berry::That is what i came here to say also, Maverick fan, but in the East, i do got thr Pacers on top. Stay level headed Pacers fans.
Andrew Heitz::Go Pacers!  but they have to get a handle on those turnovers.
Derrick Berry::Pacers look real nice. They are all around nice.
Jacob Sharar::Paul George will make first team all NBA this season, I've been saying it since last years all star game and the NBA is about to get put on notice! The Fresh Prince is taking that crown Miami!
Bendix Kunert::yeah sure and LeBron James on the 2nd team HAHAHAHAHA
Tom Hogan::He will because he's one of the five best players bendix shut your mouth if you don't know what you're talking about you just make yourself look n sound stupid HAHAHAHA retard.
David Kenneth Johnson::Your an extremely ignorant person Tom.
Martin William Levine::Tough matchup for the Pacers. Cleveland looked very deep against the Nets and got great minutes and production from Jack, Miles, and Bynum in the second along with Bennett trying to find scoring opportunities. Starters will likely need to play some extended minutes here. Offensively, PG24 needs to exploit Clark and Gee and we need Roy to get going offensively and stay out of foul trouble. Glad this game is at home where we tend to perform better.
Kevin Sage::Pacers will be everybody's playoff game this year.. Glad it's at home
Prime Minister::kyrie sucks this year. too much time touring the world trying to make a name for himself too worried about his brand and not enough time in the gym working on his game.
Igor Yank::George and Hibbert is gonna be like shaq and kobe!
Tom Hogan::Pacers are going to dominate for several years that's for sure. All there key players are locked up for awhile and there's no way they let Stephenson walk next summer they'll dump someone's salary to keep him.
Igor Yank::Tom Hogan indy is better off without granger. we got lance!
Zack Schooler::Looking forward to this game, should be a good rivalry over the years. PG and Lance have been great so far. West has been quietly solid, Hill had a fantastic second half in New Orleans.
Keith Haemmerle::Go Pacers...
Sean Patterson::Pumped for this game! This is the benefit of living within an hour of Indy, get to go see my favorite team (Cleveland) and watch them against arguably the best team in the league (Indiana). Kyrie and PG are two of my favorite players and to finally see them both healthy and have the chance to battle each other is going to be sweet. Also, sine my Cavs are improved maybe they can at least keep it within 30-40 points now, still think the Pacers will edge it out though and Bynum is resting this game, which hurts Cleveland.
Zack Schooler::Is it official that Bynum isn't playing tonight?
AyannaKen Hawkins::Cavs will be 1-2 at the end of this game. Another Waiters no show, and the Pacers are just a better team. Cleveland has nothing at the SG or SF positions as of yet.
Dan Taylor::Kyrie and Dion played well off each other this game.Dion was active on defense also and took the shots he is suppose to take.Why you put the outcome of the game on his shoulders when it team effort to win a basketball game?I know Dion is far from perfect but quit being singling him out like this.It's the same with that guy that follows Bennet around and talks trash about him constantly.
Jt Thomas::No worry the Pacers having been playing together for a while, better team right now. But fouls in this game was ridicule off balance.  Every time the Cavs make a run a foul would stop Cavs come back. It will take the Cavs about 30 games to jell.  That including added Bynum to the mix.  Also, Kyrie will adjusted, every team is playing him real close and doubling his penetration.  This team have so many new player and don't no how play with each other.  Scary part of the Cavs... their second unit is very explosive!
Steven Censored::10 more fouls called on the Cavs! The officials turned a blind eye on the Cavs and God forbid you even fart by a pacer or 10 whistles get blown are you serious!! Pacers were going to win anyway as the Cavs shots were not going in but the refs are destroying the NBA!!
Mark Dray::Earl Clark and Alonzo Gee are liabilities....and Tyler Zeller is too weak to guard any physical big man...Dion Waiters and Gee throw up random shots when know one is even close to being in rebounding position....and Anthony Bennett obviously has no clue where he's supposed to be on the floor.  I'm not ready to give up on him, but he is certainly not comfortable.
George Chip Thayer::Gee is one if the best defenders in the NBA.  If he could be come consistent with the corner 3, he'd be one of the best 6th men.  Clark is Lost ATM and is why he's not playing much I the 3rd q.
George Chip Thayer::Your assessment of the Cavs young players is WAY off base.   New coach, new system on both ends of the floor, complete change of team philosophy and extremely young players that all except Bennett have key roles for this team.    Learn the game before posting.
Zack Schooler::George Chip Thayer. Lmao, no Gee is not one of the best defenders in the NBA.
Michael Maiorano::Bynum couldn't play today as he had a prior obligation, a bowling tournament in Akron. He should be available for the next game.
George Chip Thayer::Sizer fan.  So sad.  Still upset your team let him go.
George Chip Thayer::Pacers are the better team with now, deep playoff experience.  However, don't sleep on this one.  Cavs let one slip away last night.   They'll be looking to step up on this one.
Paul Lewis::That threesome those referees are  pulling off makes one wonder which one is the "bull".
Zack Schooler::Is Bynum expected to play in this one? I noticed he played 11 minutes in the first half at Charlotte, but didn't play in the second
Patrick MacKinnon::So, Bennett hasn't made a basket yet, love the kid, but big mistake Cav GM.
Wilson Teo::douchbag Kyrie. Cant believe I picked him so high in Fantasy
Steve Klingensmith::good measuring stick for cavs. still got a ways to go.
Jon Cole::Irving is overrated. Period.
George Chip Thayer::You're an idiot PERIOD
