apietman::Maybe one day Favors or Kanter will learn to play this game.
evansbriggs::Just...unbelievable.
tymac1986::man I wish the jazz would get over being an average .500 team!! Sometimes it seems Corbin doesn't try to make adjustments to get Ws and just goes with whatever (based on what he says to the media sometimes) "Well it was a tough loss we played hard and just didn't get the win" I MISS SLOAN
J-SMOOVE3939::MAN, GETTING DEVIN HARRIS BACK WAS BIG.  TIME FOR THE HAWKS TO GET BACK ON TRACK. LETS SMACK THE WIZARDS TOMORROW.
jeff050578::Everyone please do the right thing and vote David Lee to the All Star team.
rbmw263::damn.  Fourth L after being up by 20 or more.  That is awfu.  we could easily be 23-15................
rengland123::The Jazz are the only perfectly balanced team in the NBA at .500
Poor Oregon::Atlanta actually won a game?
Francis4345::Hawks played 4 minutes... the last 4 minutes
Francis4345::No Jazz lose it
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::LOL.  23 Points, 10 rebounds and a +/- of 0.  THAT, is Al Jefferson to a tee.
scow79::Is it possible that Corbin has a bad case of short term memory loss?   Is this why he continues to go back to what doesn't work and forgets about what does?   It would make sense as to why his assistants continually have to tell him to substitute guys in.
Francis4345::like 16 points on a 6/7 shooting in about 15 minute, then benched him, got cold and nothing....
Francis4345::That shot with Marvin the other day was one of his memory loss
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Now that's more like what i'm talking  about, great 4th quarter. The only Hawks permitted to win in Atlanta this weekend just did. :-)
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::So it looks like the Jazz choked in typical fashion tonight. That about right?
Francis4345::Even Hawks gave us the game by missing so many FT's.
Francis4345::Seriously Harris made a huge difference by his energy. We controled most of the game, great D then Offense choked at the end
scow79::That's pretty much the gist of it, yeah.   How did you ever guess?
scow79::It would appear that you're very good at math then.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::35-19 4th quarter tipped me off. Then when I remembered they are the Jazz I put 2 and 2 together.
Francis4345::Still sticking on this trade : a young PG for the Jazz  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7r2jx9u
rbmw263::I want Jennings.  Bad.
rbmw263::Or Lowry.  Lowry comes off the bench in Toronto! give him to us!
Francis4345::33 y old...
Francis4345::Bucks has 3 good PG's actually they are weak in other position. I put Gooden but we dont need him, just for the salary cap... for the Bucks to make it !
KKhan04::Dalembert might work better for that deal since he is an expiring contract. Still don't like it though
KKhan04::No because Jennings wants to go to a big market team and also Gooden's contract is not worth taking.
Francis4345::Millsap for Jennings
TAC0REV::Yeah it wasn't in the news. I have inside sources.
scow79::Wow!   I did not hear that.
TAC0REV::KOC worked out Drew Gooden a few years back when he was a free agent. He afterwards called Gooden "the worst person he had ever met." Not player. Person.  So yeah, that trade won't happen if for no other reason than that.
scow79::Yeah but do we really want to pay Gooden 6-7M for the next 3 years to get him?   I'd rather take my chances in the draft.  If we continue to play like we did tonight we'll have a shot at Cartier Martin or Kabongo.  I haven't seen where these guys are projected, but I'd imagine it's in the lottery.
TAC0REV::Well just when I thought Corbin was finally making a wee little bit of progress, here he goes playing Watson 21 minutes again. Worst part is that Watson spends most of his time in with the second unit: When Watson is in the game, the Jazz play 4-on-5. The other team doesn't even guard him, because they know he is worthless on offense. This has been happening for a short time now, and teams will continue to do it more and more effectively as Corbin continues to play a player that has no business being on an NBA roster.  And now we have all the clueless people coming out of the woodworks saying, "Oh you see? The young players <i>aren't ready</i> yet!" Hard for anyone to get anything going when you're playing 4-on-5. Just like at Charlotte: 0-9 with Watson, take him out and the same unit goes 10-0. Tonight, Corbin left Watson and removed everybody else. Of course their stats are going to be awful.
scow79::How dare you question Corbin's coaching!!!   What an outrage.  The Foye, Hayward, Burks backcourt worked quite well the past two games.   So of course we never see it tonight.   The Big lineup with Favors, Millsap and Jefferson is statistically proven to be one of the Jazz' best lineup's.  So of course we don't bother with it, even when the other team has 3 bigs on the court.   It's nutso!  I'd also ask how many PnR's were actually ran tonight?   How many PnR's were ran for Favors specifically?   I can't remember seeing one.  We fell into the Big Al offense trap early and never got out of it.   And no, I don't blame Big Al for this, the guy has been doing well lately.   I blame Corbin for not going to lineups that actually work and work well.
TAC0REV::I agree. I've been all for trading Al for almost two years now... <b>however</b>, if we had a coach that actually had a clue how to utilize the players he had, and could put them into positions where their skill sets complimented each other, we would be fighting for 4th or 5th place instead of 8th or 9th <b>without needing to trade a single player</b>.  For so long I said we needed to change the roster, while preaching patience with Corbin. I'm done with that. Corbin is the problem, the roster (while I still do believe it could and should be upgraded if we had the opportunity) isn't.
Thesith36::Nice 4th Quarter Jazz... CHOKE !! BBBwaa hahahahahahahahahahahaaaaaaaa
Enes Kanter owns Dwight Howard::I called this one out. I predicted the Jazz would be 1-2 on this road trip. Sticking with that prediction
rengland123::When Tinsley only has 4 points, it means someone else has to pick up the slack.  I appreciate the fact he likes to pass first and set up plays, but a starting PG needs to be able to average more than 3 points per game.
scow79::Good thing we have Watson to cover for him then.....What?   Watson only averages 2 points a game?   Crap
Lemuel7043::lol. I can be a better back up PG than him
Real_Salt Lake::Doesn't surprise me the Jazz get beat by another scrub PG. Same old story
Hayden Doney::Jazz need an all around, STAR pg!!
Darkflame07::So do 25 other NBA teams........
Lemuel7043::Good game Jazz fans! See you on Feb. 27. I hope Marvin Williams play
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Sam Amick reported LAC and MEM talking about Gay ...for... Butler+Bledsoe+Picks trade.  If MEM makes that trade, Bledsoe will start and Conley becomes expendable.  Short of that, Calderon and Lowry could be had.
Darkflame07::Memphis wouldn't start Bledsoe over Conley, Conley runs their system perfectly and has chemistry with Gasol and Randolph. He can also hit shots from the outside, Bledsoe is a terrible shooter.
Francis4345::Was a good night to get closer to the Rockets and Nuggets maybe. Jazz play better when they trail
Darkflame07::Wow the jazz bench was just terrible. Hopefully that shows everyone screaming for burks an kanter to get a lot more minutes that they aren't as terrific as they think. They are still young and have a long way to go. Anytime favors burks an kanter came in the hawks went on a run then the starters had to catch up and eventually the starters ran out of gas.
Darkflame07::Only one of al or Paul is coming back next year which will open ip minutes. Of course Utah is going to extend favors, why wouldn't they? I'm just not fully on the play the young guys 30 minutes per night bus unless they earn it. Jazz have a lot of big decisions to make in the next 6 weeks and in the off season. Who knows, in 6 weeks Paul could be gone and favors will get his 35 minutes.
scow79::How can they earn it if they're never given the chance to do so?  Yes, they'll extend him, but will Favors want to be extended?   And for what price?   Are we really willing to give Favors a 4 year 60 million dollar deal at this point?   Bc that's what he'll command on the open market.   You have to give him minutes to see exactly what you've got before you have to make such a huge decision.
dishnetkid::JPHoks1981 I agree with you Darkflame, the Burks slobbering on here gets out of hand.  I was responding to this
dishnetkid::The lets play the same ol interchangable no room for improvement almost out of the league Guards we do have is a way better option.  The lets win just enough to make the 8th seed and get another hohum middle of the 1st round draft pick and never let these young guys who more often than not play better than our so called starters rest on the bench...  thats a great Idea and has worked wonders over the last decade...
scow79::So why can't Burks play the backup point?   He can't be worse than Watson.     Also at some point we do need to give Favors and Kanter more than 15 minutes a game.   Especially Favors.  I don't care if that means washed up vets continue to come to Utah or not.   You do realize the Jazz have to make a decision on whether to extend Favors at the end of the season right?   Do we even know who we have in Favors?   You can't find that out giving a guy 15 minutes a night.
Darkflame07::I said al and Paul, I said nothing about the pg which is in need of improvement.
Darkflame07::Yeah the young guys need to develop, but if you become the team that just plays all of the young guys in the hopes that they pan out then what vet I going to want to play here. Al and Paul have been playing much better lately and if they keep it up they deserve the minutes.
JPHoks1981::so if Burks isnt playing alot I am sure its because he doesnt deserve to.
scow79::I don't need to be Corbin and see the players in practice to know that Earl Watson isn't good.  Burks has shown he can play the backup point position just fine.  I'm happy that you have so much faith in Corbin's coaching ability.   I'm a bit more skeptical from what I've seen so far.
JPHoks1981::Corbin knows these players alot better then we do, he sees them practice. I am going to say he can evaluate talent better then Fans can and hes playing the right players.
JPHoks1981::Didnt say it bothered me just said it gets out of hand
JPHoks1981::I agree with you Darkflame, the Burks slobbering on here gets out of hand.
scow79::Easy enough to solve.  If it bothers you so much.  Simply go away.
Darkflame07::No but you saw we had no chance on that game o win with the bench in. None of tem earned minutes tonight yet most fans want to give them 30 no matter what. Where is the accountability in that?
scow79::I'm okay with them being taken out if they're having a bad game.   But when they're not having a bad game, then give them minutes to develop.  Most of the time this season, the bench have bailed the starters out though.   Not the other way around.
scow79::Yeah it's odd.   Usually it's the other way around.
rbmw263::Anytime favors burks an kanter came in the hawks went on a run  -------------------------------------------------------  This is maybe the one game in the last 2 months this has happened.  We understand they are going to have bad games now and then, they are 21 years old.  but the more PT they get, the less bad games they have.
scow79::Agreed.   So we should never give them minutes because they might have a bad game here and there.
Lemuel7043::That was a glimpse of the former All Star Devin.
fuzzjar::Hope you enjoy the glimpse Hawks fans.  You might not see it again for a couple months.
scow79::I'd bet more like a year
Hayden Doney::Trade Jefferson?!!!
Hayden Doney::I feel his defense causes a lot of problems for the Jazz.  He keeps getting burned. I think Millsap played great.
lord of stone::I say trade Jefferson just because I am ready to start and grow the future of the team. I would much rather see the Jazz lose games but have a young growing core then just trying to fight for the 8th seed in the playoffs.
fuzzjar::Dude, I dunno.  Who played better tonight than Jefferson?
0ffense::what the hell utah?!?!??!!
Francis4345::He played to beat his former team
Francis4345::One word : Harris
zdunn1785::Now that this game is over with I hope larry realizes what ivan can do for this team
Ljenks52::It looks like they woke up in the 4th qtr.
zdunn1785::The bench is always awoke mainly b/c they are energy players especially ivan and zaza. When larry put the starters back in they played off of that energy. Other than devin the other starters were sleep out there through the first 3 quarters.
Lemuel7043::He compensates for the lack of energy from the starters. I always love how he plays.
zdunn1785::hes basically bailing out larry drew lol. I bet larry gives the guy a dnp card the next game sadly
TMoss524::Glad this game turned out for the Hawks, the people in ATL need this win to support them through the Falcons loss this weekend
Ljenks52::what happened to Marvin Williams?
bruddamanderek@yahoo.com::Go seahawks!!!!
JPHoks1981::Seriously I hate being a Jazz fan sometimes having everybody blame Corbin for everything. IT wasnt his fault  everybody's boyfriend Burks stunk it up, its his fault he has no pg on the roster, its his fault they blow that huge of lead. Its the players sometimes Jazz fans.
Francis4345::Corbin sat the 1st unit too long with the 15 pts lead than ice cold in the last 3 minutes
JPHoks1981::Yeah putting in Favors or Kanter would do the trick they were hot today. IF Jazz win the game would you say Corbin coached well no you would say players won the game.
scow79::I'm not saying take Hayward out.   Play Hayward at the 2 and Foye at the 1.  With Favors, Millsap and Jefferson as your bigs.   You guys are right though.   Having Hayward guard Smith was a much better option.   Great decision by Corbin
fuzzjar::Hayward was having a much better game than either Favors or Kanter.  This is probably the first time I have ever disagreed with you scow.
scow79::Yeah, I would.   You play your strengths.   Our bigs are our strengths.  Hayward was getting manhandled by Smith.   Corbin didn't adjust, Jazz lose.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::What's the point if having 4 big men (2 of which are FA) split minutes when you could ship one out for a PG?
fuzzjar::which PG do you recommend?
bruddamanderek@yahoo.com::watson
bruddamanderek@yahoo.com::warson gets that many minutes wtf?
scow79::It was his fault he didn't adjust to them playing their big lineup with our big lineup.   He's terrible at in-game adjustments.
scow79::And no, I wouldn't be complaining about Corbin if he had gone to the big lineup and lost.   Bc then he would have at least done what made sense.
scow79::Playing your best defensive big would have given you a better chance at winning than sticking your SG/SF on their star PF.   Would it have guaranteed a victory, you're right, who knows.   It would have given us a better chance though, I can tell you that.
lord of stone::And if Corbin would of made the changes would they have won? You just dont know and if Corbin would have made the changes and still lost the game you probably would be saying the same thing about firing Corbin
scow79::If you hate being a Jazz fan, go be some other teams fan.  We won't miss you.
fuzzjar::Good game Atlanta.  The Hawks bench totally killed the Jazz bench.  Not used to seeing our bench get pwned like that.  It was fun to see Harris have a great game.
vegasbuster10::Utah loses every game on the road.....just a bunch of idiots....another draft lottery finish this year
Michael62451::WHAT U LOSE SOME DOUGH? AHAHAHA CRY ME A RIVER!!
Francis4345::They are .500 on the road last 8 games...
KKhan04::GG Hawks. Wish Harris played like this in Utah
KKhan04::He has the talent. Just too inconsistent. I remember he was vital in Utah making the playoffs last year.
scow79::He probably gave us one of these games while he was in Utah.   I just can't remember it.
Francis4345::»They controled for 45 minutes
Francis4345::Then Harris made superman...
vegasbuster10::Utah is a complete joke.....Corbin needs to be fired Now
bruddamanderek@yahoo.com::your clueless about jazz bball  he sucks. never seen a worse coach
fuzzjar::talk about clueless.
Michael62451::CRY ME A RIVER!
fuzzjar::yeah, the lack of defense and all those shots being blocked by Atlanta are definitely Corbin's fault.
fuzzjar::yeah because freaking nobody could score.  who is gonna step up and get it going?  how bout a shot by Hayward from the corner....oh wait...well, how about a drive by Foye to the rim...oh wait...well, how bout Sap tries to work it in the post...oh wait...well how about our PG that can score...oh wait...
rbmw263::he started calling Big al post plays time after time.  those kill Utahs offense.   the same offense that couldnt score worth dick in the last 16 mins of this game
haywardFTW::ty corbin is dirty brown trash water.
njorr91::THEY COVERED!!!!!
zdunn1785::lol and im sure you remember what u said you were going to do if the hawks covered so get to it lmao
Lemuel7043::J-Smoove compensated in the last 2 minutes of the game. Timely shots and passes
reggieinatl::Well, there is always baseball. Oops, well there is always football.  Oops well there's always....salt?
Loosole::And world class skiing...
blanding1988::college football at least....
usctommyg2121::35-19 fourth quarter.   Joke
blanding1988::GOod night ATL fans... might I add "you are welcome" from the Utah Jazz Organization
fanofsports24::Ty Corbin Sucks
Highpoint287::Hawks=sharp play
Francis4345::Hopefully Jazz-Hawks not the same conference... hate this team
bruddamanderek@yahoo.com::#firecorbin
bruddamanderek@yahoo.com::everyone has been saying for a while. look at the jazz blogs
lord of stone::Ya i know but i am saying that now everyone blames Corbin at the end of the game because they lost
lord of stone::dont blame the coach, they were in this game until the end and now that they are going to lose everyone is saying how bad Corbin is.
CaLi_BoY___Diego::#UTAH FAIL.. HARD!
rbmw263::fu.cking stupid
rbmw263::20 points in the last 16 minutes
Jeremy-Lin17::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=bxagf4r
Francis4345::Better to move the  whole team ?
rbmw263::we would be the Kings
scow79::Hell no
reggieinatl::Jazz fans, if you want to forget this, maybe Mitt can teach you the secret of "Romnesia"
TMoss524::cause all Jazz fans support Mitt right? D U M B A S S
Samwise583::Enes have a bad game, or did he get hurt again?
Rip City Forever::<a><b><u><i>THANK YOU ATLANTA!!!</i></u></b></a>
