cSSk2011::Dwight: grown man McGee: a boy who can dunk
_bulls1drose::dwight is the best center in the nba hands down
dikkums6::How to Fix the Washington Wizards http://wp.me/p1Fq45-4t
dpierre0223::Wow the Wiz suck.  Lewis is a waste of space on the court, should've gotten amnestied this year. I would shake up that starting lineup, Wall, Young, Singleton, Booker, and McGee. None of those dudes can shoot besides Young, but at least they'll play defense and run the court.
NBASantas::Wow, no effort from the Wiz. Safe to say they're on Shaq-a-claus' naughty list: http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2012/01/just-another-shaq-claus-thursday.html
barronBep::Have any of you guys been playing DailyStreak and the Perfect Bracket at Perfect Streak . c o m? I stumbled upon that site a couple of days ago and just won $500 in cash yesterday! You just pick the teams to win in NBA, NCAAB, NCAAF without any spreads involved and the person with the best record, walks away with the prize! coolest site in the world
Freddie4246::vote for brian scalabrine for allstar game
jmoneyisback::Dwight is shooting 41.8% from the line.  Awesome.
the702shogun::i'm sick of people talking about wanting dwight. teams need to find their own big men and develop their own talent! the lost art of developing talent. boston is still pretty good at it though, why did they get rid of perkins?  much better magic. magic get as many good open looks with dwight in the paint as anybody. when they hit their shots, they win. when they can't hit the outside shots, they triple team the paint. it's really that simple. magic, unselfish/team play, hit your shots and no turnovers! that's it.  go win a championship guys!
DTWLAS::The Bullets will finish the season 0-66.
spbynum1::All evidence seems to point Howard to the Lakers. Nets are out. Mavericks are dreaming if they think he's gonna become a FA. His hometown =/= championships and he is NOT staying in Orlando. Magic will get Bynum and maybe others but won't get Gasol. Bynum is playing too well for the Magic to get both.
StopTheSheeps::Oh swamee tell us all exactly how it is, lmfao at Faker fans coming in and "telling" everyone how it is going to be.  How did that plan for getting both Howard and Paul go by the way?  There is a reason Faker fans are the most hated fans in the league, they think their shat doesnt stink even though they arent even the best L.A. team anymore, lmfao!  You tout Bynum as better than all centers yet still want to trade him, that's called used car salesmen tactics, sure "this car is a steal, you would be crazy not to buy this (lemon) and while your at it, you definitely should buy the undercoat protection" considering he is a broken center, I think you will need to throw in more than just the geriatric Gasol.  And tell us how his value is going down like the rest of the ESPN and Faker fans, and how if we don't call in the next 23 minutes the offer goes down, HA, a big HA at fools like you who think simply pressuring someone with the full house to fold, will actually work, I say "All In Beyotch" and we will enjoy your fans watching us in the playoffs as your team sits back and watches on TV.
jmoneyisback::HAHAHAHAHAHA.  Orlando doesn't want that bum Bynum.  He would have only been a small piece of package for Dwight.  And you think Bynum and Gasol would get the trade done.  HAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
jrachi856::What evidence? Everything is pure speculation. The only facts are Dwight asked for a trade, softened his stance on leaving Orlando, said as long as the Magic win they have him, Dwight stated the main reason for the demands were to change the culture of the team, and Otis Smith and the Magic said Dwight will not be traded and is not on the trade block. Keep dreaming Lakers fans. Didn't Kobe ask for a trade a few years ago? How did that work out? What's up Lakers fans? I thought Bynum was better than Howard? All the talk about Bynum but you still dream of the Lakers trading Bynum for Howard.
Vote for Brian Scalabrine 2012 All Star Game::I voted to send Brian Scalabrine to the All Star game in LA.  Make it happen. Send Brian to the All-Star Game on http://www.nba.com/ASB
chi town 69::wtf wall sucks....
49ers4Real2011::where is all the wizards fans that were claiming john wall was gonna own it tonight and the wizards would win. idiots.
A Red Stapler::Idiots? How? They believed in their team (&amp; player) and the team let 'em down. Ain't there faults.   Funny thing is, minus the 1st quarter, it was a close game.
Bala88::I'll go out on a limb and will say the Wiz will go 7-59
DC Sports Will Be Good One Day::wizards record prediction 10-56...
theprodctz::WE GOIN 64-2 BABY!!!!!!!!!!!
golakers145::the only beast is kevin love and zach randolph
StopTheSheeps::Then why are you guys still drooling and trying to pressure everyone into believing DH has to go to the Lakers if the Magic don't want him walking?  Guess what, the Lakers will not have Howard in a Lakers jersey unless they can convince him to take a mid level contract, aint no sign and trade happening with L.A. from Orlando.  I am not saying Howard won't walk away from a winning team and about 28mil + another 15mil in tax free pay, but he surely wont walk away from this situation and take a mid level contract just to be on the second best team in L.A.
I am Dirk Nowitzki::D12 is a BEAST!!!!! He's going to look great in a Mavericks uniform next season
Capsownage2012::Dwight is owning the Magic franchise by kidding them into thinking he will stay.
ElArtman1973::no, apparently he is owning all you people who claim he is already gone without anything but assumptions
texasfan910::is dwight going to atlanta
DTangMF::dont think so
JRPH223::Maybe Wall should have stayed in Kentucky. Him and Cousins.
esdukbrownsnats::i would love that.....
DTangMF::I told you McGee will get destroyed tonight by D12, Whoever said McGee will get D12 fraustrated...dumb
Dev20Pittsburgh::Howard now in Atlanta cld b a bust or one of the BEST choices hes made in awhile! What do u guys think?
JRPH223::wheres the atlanta talk coming from?
t-roy_jenkins::john wall has to be the most overrated player in the nba.... instead of learning how to dougie, he should have learned how to shoot...
randymossallday::the problem with PGs like John wall is that they need to be surrounded by better talent. Wall has a lot of Jason Kidd in him. not a great scorer but when surrounded by Scorers he flourishes because he possess the complete package as a pure PG. Wall is surrounded by streaky shooters, inconsistent  post players and inept coaching .He and rondo play similar games but they are in completely opposite situations.
greenbeand::crawford 3-10
Borntorun1114::0 turnovers today that's a good sign.
greenbeand::he needs to be surrounded by better players
.Masta_Da Magician::Sorry folks, but the orlando magic truly suck big monkey b@lls......
boobootanker::john wall "leading" the way with a -25. shooting 30% on the season. the wizards will suck for the next decade.
hulKKNUPE::Anybody miss Gortat? Because I don't.
hankfinkle::Celtic fan here....on behalf of Doc Rivers and the entire Celtic org. thank you for Brandon (15 pts 13 reb) Bass.......are you guys loving Big Baby yet???? Once again, thanks
1OtownGuy::he will give u good games every now and then, just like big baby. There the same player. Magic needed more size down low, celtics needed more athletic ability out of the back up PF.  even trade to me
hulKKNUPE::He sucks on defensive rotations. The Celtics could have won that Miami game if it wasn't for Bass. As a Magic fan we're VERy happy with Davis..............But you guys could've kept Von. Garbage.
MagicBoltzRays::Von wafer is a good back-up. there's just no room for him with J-rich in the rotation.
MagicBoltzRays::we're happy to get rid of that ball hog.
kwelch1962::Those from Lblax fantasy football league, check your email for an invite to gridiron playoff challenge private league.
Slurm Soda::ass
BlazersWar::$@%! $@% $@%!
MagicBoltzRays::sh<b></b>it
MagicBoltzRays::fu<b></b>ck
amads138::the magic are really proving me wrong this year and i love it!
amads138::magic goin' ham on some ni.gs, dats what i'm talkin' bout.
MagicBoltzRays::How did you do that Bucman?
Bucman456::Text
Bucman456::Alright, enough of this for now.
Bucman456::Text
Bucman456::And just like that...
Bucman456::Text
Bucman456::Ready for the post to vanish?
Bucman456::Text
Bucman456::Text
Bucman456::Dwight was voting for Nelson? He should be voting for Anderson.
Masta_Da Magician::Watching Dwight after the game he looks weird.. Doesn't wanna look at the crowd...Give anyone dap... I think he still knows he wants out.
Hoehne22::I'm just curious if Wall dunked over him and gave him a glare? lol
EnnBee15::Could also just be gun-shy about answering questions, etc., about it.
MagicalDiesel::He won't want out when we make a title run
flopsisback::Nope...he'll just sit on the bench laughing and joking as the team gets punked AGAIN.
shutupwhiteguy::When Bynum has a 20/20 game, world goes nuts Dwight does it and it's HO HUM
Welcome2daGoodBurger::pretty sure it was bynum's first
EnnBee15::And Dwight's 34th.  That's actually more impressive.  In fact, since Dwight entered the league, he has more 20/20 games than the next 4 guys combined.
Bucman456::http://spox.ru/cache/imagemanager/2698155.jpg  After Friday night.
MagicBoltzRays::I must put this on the Magic/bulls board.
mintzerkj4eva::Orlando with the win  Easy money over the Wizards
tampasportsrule::Dwight needs to stay out of foul trouble against the Bulls on Friday night. He does a good job getting Rose to change his shots. But the dude that ALWAYS SEEMS to kill the Magic is that pest Deng.
Gatorboy001::Everyone knows of Deng's defense, but he's an underrated offensive player. He wouldn't do so well if our 6'10" SF could keep players in front of him lol
MagicalDiesel::Good game Wiz fans. We'll see some of you on the Bolts/Caps boards
Masta_Da Magician::Detroit and Indiana within 13 points.
TectonicPlatter::Miami is up by 15..thanks to Chalmers.
Welcome2daGoodBurger::called orlando 106-83 final score 103-85 soo close
evr81::nice prediction
MagicBoltzRays::Three Stars 1. Howard 2. Anderson 3. Hedo
Bucman456::Agreed.
MagicBoltzRays::time to kill the bulls next.
