Tyler Allen::I don't know what i like more Portland or its fans. I just think u guys are a class act! Should be proud of the team you have. Those guys beat us straight up. After the win everything was kept super respectful. No dirty plays or cheap tactics to win. Mad respect! If the clips don't go all the way I hope its you guys!
Thai Do::Well said. Aside from the turnovers, that was a good clean game between two good teams without any dirty tactics (are you listening Warriors and their fans?). CP3 put on a clinic tonight and Blake Griffin played very well too.
Sawyer Fletcher::Thai Do Warriors still won, that's all that matters
Phillip Beatty::Does that mean you're now a Blazer fan? I don't blame you, they ARE pretty cool.
Tyler Moss::Aldrige > Griffin
David Glass::Fact
Tanner Sorrill::not even that most faithful blake fans (i fall in that category sometimes) would disagree so i see no use in saying that like its an insult
Sandro Cano::All day everyday...Griffin is all hype.
Brian Robbins::Clipper fans...loyal and faithful since Kobe Bryant hurt himself again.
Bekay Artist::hahahahaha
Tim Barrette::Anyone who says the Clips suck obviously don't know basketball. Anyone who says the Blazers aren't legit doesn't know basketball. Great game for both teams.
David Glass::Clips are above average...  They don't suck but they are far from great.
Dave Joacksom::Clips showed a lot of heart that game and they came to play,You can not take anything away from either team.Blazers are playing great this year hopefully they can keep it up.Clips have great talent who will make the playoffs.I think the Blazers can pull off 3-4th seed in the end maybe higher we will see......RIP CITY !!!!!!
Matthan Schrock::Top 6 vs top 6   OKC 4-2 (losses to POR and LAC) (wins against LAC, SANx2 & IND)  SAN 0-5 (losses to POR, LAC, OKC2x & IND) (also 0-2 vs HOU)  LAC 2-4 (losses to POR, MIA, OKC & IND) (wins against OKC & SAN)  IND 3-3 (losses to POR, OKC, MIA) (wins against OKC, SAN, MIA)  MIA, 2-1 (losses to IND) (Wins against LAC & IND)  POR 4-0 (Play @OKC & MIA next 5 days [& @NO]) (Wins against SAN, LAC, OKC & IND)
Jimson C. Cuenta::The Spurs 0-7 record against Portland, LA Clippers, Oklahoma City, Indiana, and Houston really stands out. This is a huge reason why I do not see the Spurs getting past the Conference Semifinals. If the Spurs get Houston in the 1st round, I think the Spurs will be a 1st round exit. The Spurs just do not match up well against Houston. (Even if the Spurs got an easier 1st round matchup, they still do not match up well against Portland or Oklahoma City, one of which the Spurs are likely to face in the Conference Semifinals.)
Matthan Schrock::Jimson C. Cuenta. I have a rule: never sleep on the San Antonio Spurs... ever.
Jimson C. Cuenta::Matthan Schrock - I know never to sleep on them, but I just don't see it this year. The Western Conference is too strong this season, and there are several teams that have surpassed the Spurs, at least talent wise. Come to think of it, one could even make the argument that the Spurs were the beneficiaries of a relatively weak Western Conference during the past 2 seasons. After all, the Spurs did not make it to the NBA Finals from 2008-2011, and had 2 first-round exits during that span, when the Western Conference was at its strongest.
Sameer Tendolkar::wait they changed the name of the Rose Garden to the Moda Center? Dafuq? I'm a lakers fan and i'm outraged by this. I'll always call it the Rose Garden.
Meron Foto::Hahaha--- yea  F it. I still call it Rose Garden. lol
Rob Foglesong::Rose Garden 4 Life!!
Cody Palmer::I refuse to call it The Moda Center
Shanny Salcedo::Happy the blazers gave batum that big contract....He's the x-factor on the team
Meron Foto::LMAO--- What is Griffin complaining about?? Lopez never touched him.
Matt Johnson::Aldridge>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Griffen
Matthan Schrock::Sekou Garrett Really? Looks like Portland is 4-0 vs top 6 teams. #LaMarcusAldridgeforMVP
Tim Barrette::First its Griffin, second I like explanations to egregious claims. Perhaps Blake's shooting sucks (although his numerous jumpers from the top of the key and 3 from the corner show a more mature jump shooter) or possibly his post moves are lacking (yet as I recall Aldridge do the majority of his damage off of his fantastic turn around jumper and definitely lost the fight for position on the block). I feel like a legitimate criticism of Griffin would be his reliance on athleticism causes him not to block out properly, or he still needs to capitalize on free throws. However this game also showed that Aldridge still has improvements as well. His interior passing to Lopez was completely absent, and his screens did nothing to slow down CP3 causing Lillard to have more turnover than he should. Look the point I am trying to make is you don't have to diminish great players and teams to make you feel better about your stars, the Blazers a unbelievable and more importantly they have earned the position they are in, yet in the same regard the Clippers have earned their position as well, its call sportsmanship, and if the internet has taught me anything, its lacking.
Matthan Schrock::Tim Barrette . Griffin played great. Clippers showed heart, and you should be proud of your team. Beating the Blazers is tough. #RipCity
Eric Witt::Blake Griffin can keep his flash and mediocre mid-range game. I would take LA all day every day...
Jeff Brown::Not a fan of either team, so I wasn't rooting for one or the other until Paul hit a shot that put Clips up by three with nine seconds to go. I turned to my son and said, Portland will tie it with a three, which they did. I went pro-Blazers when I saw Paul turn to the fans to give them a long stare after his shot. I thought that was unprofessional. Then a Portland player hits a three and acts like it was all part of the game. I think this is the problem with some teams, especially the two in LA. You've got some ego players who want the ball and all the glory, but don't play for the team, Paul and Kobe. When you play for the team, like Portland does, (I'd have to add Indiana, OKC, even Miami) you win more games. Proof's in the pudding.
Matt Bush::your pudding in Portland has 0 titles since bill freakin Walton so what proof in the pudding are you exactly referring to?
Silas Reyes::Matt Bush why are you impersonating a former #1 mlb draft pick who failed miserably? sick and twisted much?
Postingteam Tme::Matt Bush He is from Los Angeles, genius. Clearly says he is not a fan of either team.
Patrick Martin::Blazers just going through the top 10 teams like its nothing.... Indiana - check San Antonio - check Houston - check Thunder - check Golden State - check Clips - check Heat - up next
Meron Foto::Bo Exee We beat them once.
Kyle White::Wait until you face Pacers in our building it'll be a different outcome.
Clint Czar Jefferson::Kyle White The Pacers aren't that good either.
Eric Witt::Chris Paul is hands down the best PG in the league! Clippers would be lost without him...
Shanny Salcedo::tony parker??
PamelaNjeff Christian::When is the last time Chris Paul hit a game-winning shot? The Clips will continue to struggle until JJ gets back. No one is picking up his points and it is killing the Clips.
Eric Witt::Tony Parker is great, but it's Paul and everyone else...
Tyler Allen::What an amazing game from the blazers! Those guys are beast! I do feel our coach cost us this game by not fouling the best 3 point shooting team in the league when up 3 with under 10. Still they earned it. No dirty players, just skill players. I can always respect a team thats made up of guys like that!
Shawn Bento::Lol at Lin being ahead of guards like Westbrook and Lillard in ASG voting
Meron Foto::ASG is a joke. Kobe is about to be the starter. lmao
Shawn Bento::Yeah.  Pretty stupid.  Average NBA fan doesn't know s.hit about basketball.
Steven Anacker::I'm a Rockets fan, but of course I agree. The All NBA teams at the end of the year hold more credence for me than who makes the all star game. And even those are often messed up.
Adam Pilarski::Only one thing needs to be said: scoreboard
McMatty::Aldridge has a much more dramatic effect on his team and is a much better all around player.  As Charles Barkley said when asked if there is anything Blake can do good besides dunk: "I like his commercials."
Franklin Rosevell Flowers::Your beard sucks!
Les Bate::Does Doc Rivers think he is back in Boston. Why he did not foul with a 3 pt lead and 8 seconds left is the only question he needs to answer.. with Portland being the best 3 pt shooting team...
Jimson C. Cuenta::While we're at it, can I ask why Popovich did not have his players foul Ray Allen in Game 6 of the NBA Finals?
Don Layton::I don't think Portland ever gave them a chance to foul unless Paul were to foul Batum on the shot. Watch the replay - who was there next to Batum before he went up for the shot?
Rich Myface Sterrett::Game DAY!!! #BLAZERGANG #GOBLAZERS #BESTINWEST #NAPCITY #TRIPCITY #ripcity
Jared Benazra::We got clippers, OKC and Miami in our next 3 games! It would be great to go 2-3 at least!
Jared Benazra::I was so wrong about Lopez!! My bad
Rich Myface Sterrett::Told u Benazra...#rolo #sideshowRob #batumanandrobin #putAbirdOnIt
Tim Gourley::Blazers = NBA's best
Matt Bush::Clippers = NBA's best..........exactly 1 year ago today.  we all know what happened later
Cody Palmer::Trail Blazers > Clippers
Tim Gourley::Crawford sucks.  Don't believe me?  Ask ANY Blazer fan.
Tim Gourley::Tim's right.  Crawford sucked THE ENTIRE YEAR he played here.
Matt Bush::Tim Gourley are you really replying to yourself confirming what you originally typed?
Tim Gourley::Matt Bush Yes, Matt.  You are a genius for figuring that out!  My comment was THAT good that it deserved a self response.  meow!!!
Aaron Combs::Portland has this hands down
Bekay Artist::I mean mot  like they're playing one of the best teams in the real league, meaning the west. lol, u crazy?  Itls not an easy game on either end, 2 of the best teams in the game. Great game but no gimme's here. This isn't an "easy" game on either end. Cmon be realistic, and I'm a Laker fan so I don't like either but I like great nba games which this will be, not Portland "hands down" Game just started guarantee it's a 5 point ish game whoever wins, prob closer. CThey both average like 105 pts a game but Clip don't give up as many points. Gonna be great, going to watch now actually
Trevor Sutherland::Good team; LaMarcus is a beast. However, I still think the Scottie Pippen led 2000 Blazers was the best team Portland has ever had. They were destroying Shaq and Kobe in their prime and somehow let is slip away. It will be fun to watch if the current Blazers can reach or exceed that level.
John Compton::Remember who was referee that game 7? Up by 16...Donnehey (sp?) It was obvious as to what was happening. Worst reffed game ever in Blazer history. Javie hated the Blazers also.(Wallace)
Dave Joacksom::yea if you look for that game on utube for a refs scandal it shows the calls that were called to make the blazers lose that game,Over and over again it showed how bad the game was called in the 4th.Blazers were robbed bad that game.I will never forget I smashed my remote by throwing it on the ground I was drunk and having a great time when the Blazers were in the lead by a big margin.What a shame that game was that would of been a Championship year for the Blazers ,,,Any way here we are again and now have a great team lets hope they can keep it up it is great to see them playing so well....Go Blazers
Jonathan Wesley::Kobe crossing Scottie Pippen and lobbing it up to Shaq never gets old.
Jorge Nietzsche::As a Laker fan I'm sure I'm not the only who knows and has known Portland has an amazing squad since they had Roy,Aldridge,and Batum...good luck the rest of the way,I'm rooting for you out of the west
