ThatsGoodSoup7963::5 points in a quarter, unreal.
panthersquad919::I like joe Johnson but they shouldn't have made that trade, should have just gave marshon brooks more minutes and add some scorers off the bench
Ben5Davies::Deron is the problem.  Blows things up wherever he goes, because his head is bigger than his ego.
BaylorNole11::Why are people talking about the Knicks on here? No one cares.
msf017::so sick of the spurs. just give it up already. they are not going to win another title
tommyb2k12::You never know, and what do you want them to do?! Stop being a good team? Just get lost. Seriously, at least some people can appreciate long periods of success unlike you.
bigpenormang::lol mad
SportsHero94::Where the Brooklyn fans at? i know riding the knicks bandwagon where they jumped off at the beginning of the season and now are trying to get back on. The Media and the Team over hyped themselves to the fullest. I bet you you are going to see less Jay z at the sidelines and more of him at Madison Square Garden where the real NY team at. GO KNICKS!
Carbon-based::Can Avery Johnson son tweet the jets to fire Rex Ryan ?
oblique15::I think if OKC did not get Hot Spurs would be the champs. They could play against more styles and beat the Heat unlike the Thunder.
soulfirecracker::one more before the next board....... LOLOLOLOLOL 5 points
mark35345::Not enough media called out Billy King's moves as awkward (JJ's contract wasn't required) and Gerald Wallace is just plain inconsistent. Look at the beat down that Boston gave them - Boston slept walk through their next three games - but it's still all coaching? The Nets will just get outplayed more often than not...thanks to Billy King.
cjax34::Sources: Nets look to rehire Avery Johnson
KnixTix::Melo owns more of the Nets than Jay-Z. OWNED!
tommyb2k12::That reply was so bad.
Carbon-based::Melo is the dad of jay z son
KnixTix::He's just your "average" joe.  Here's the proof... http://imageshack.us/a/img441/6233/averagejoejohnson.jpg
Magic are better than you::Nets are terrible...  SMH
tommyb2k12::Not worse than Orlando :s
Chris31708::The Spurs  are 11th defensively now.  Keep it up Spurs!
4shouter::And since the "boring" Spurs are 2nd in pace, that's even better than it looks. Because they score so much and so quickly, opponents get more than the average # of chances.
MattRomney::Sure, PJ could work out.  But this is what bad owners do--you have a small upswing and they give out some unnecessary contract that locks their team in some bad direction for years to come.  See Jerry Jones, Mark Sanchez, etc.
5Rings92::Pssst.....Jerry Jones OWNS the team he isn't under a contract....
roll_n_riot::Has Deron been fired yet?
shurriah29::If you are the best team in NYC  then you shouldn't get blowout like that  hey  nits  learn from the knicks they went to san antonio  and was down by 14 points in the fourth quater  and they dig deep and come out with a win
The Real Andre Herring::Joe Johnson trade was BAD. Sure he's kind of clutch but they would of been better off getting a spot up shooting 2 guard who could play a little defense...
tommyb2k12::^Agreed!
4shouter::He has clutch moments, but not clutch stretches. Need one shot to win? Great. Need a strong comeback, or to stop a run? Not your man.
BandWagonDeLux::Where's salami face?  Oh yeah, he is only right 23% of the time
4shouter::And he doesn't care. Spurs boards will get better if people figure that out.
BandWagonDeLux::true that ... I think he flagged me on another account, yet provides no insight whatsoever only clogs the bowels
JollySwagman28::Congrats to the Spurs.  Offensive ineptitude alone can't hold a team to 5 points in a quarter.  They play great team defense.
4shouter::Love those boring 31-point blow-outs.
OmniVoid::A 5 point 3rd quarter from the "best" team in NY LOL
Hondo Kid::Oh yeah.  Forgot to mention... slum punk dude moron who said net would beat spurs .  After they won in dallas last night by 25.  Sorry but I  guess spurs got lucky again.  By 31 pts.  Take your dumbazz and your dumbo disney nonsense and stfup.
4shouter::Haven't figured out his game yet? He throws crap against the wall, doesn't care when it doesn't stick, and piles on when it does. Cheap trick, but as long as people fall for it, it keeps him happy.
Rip City Forever::Stomped! Nets are trash
eQ2.6::SAN called and they want their jerseys back.
eQ2.6::Too late?
IncarceratedBob.::Damn, the Nets are a mess.
mdupnic09::spurs win big...again. hope it continues into the new year :)
Dano078::5 points in the third.....damn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Go Google it::I have had joe johnson on many of my fantasy teams over the years. He is over rated  and gets way too much for someone who should probably be coming off the bench.
KnixTix::He's just your "average" joe.
Fresh360Waves::I was luckily able to trade him and acquire Rudy Gay to take his spot. All Johnson does is chuck up 3's and the only reason he's been an All-Star was because he dominated the ball in ATL.
meats29::Reggie Miller scored 6 points in 3.1 seconds  The Nets team scored 5 points in a full 12 minute quarter
All.Star54321::tmac 13 in 33 seconds lol...
mksatx::Net bandwagon ran off road.  Blinded by spurs championship banners.  Oh yeah. And ex spurs player retired jersey.  Some guy named johnson?
austinwantsyou::5 points in a quarter ?
BoisePanther3489 II::HOLY SH.IT...they only scored 5 POINTS in the 3rd?!?!?!?!?!?  Outscored 30-5 in the 3rd...WOW.
CandySparker::3rd and 5 to go
KnixTix::Avery Johnson is gone.  So, I wonder who D-Will will blame for his 8 pt, 1 assist game?  Interim coach?  Assistant coaches?
Tim Duncan Still Has It::Deron Williams is pathetic.
The Man Punted Baxter::5 points in the 3rd? HA! This team just cannot score in the 2nd half
Tim Duncan Still Has It::It could of been worse.. You could of scored only 4 points in the 3rd quarter.
JonahNYC::I blame Avery Johnson.
Crazy_ducky::Most overrated player in the NBA award goes to..... D-WILLAMS!!!
ihatekoreans612::Most overrated players are in Brooklyn lol. Marson Brooks have a higher upside than JJ, but now they rather play KEITH BOGANS over him. Franchise is done
H-Town Dream Shake::D-Will and Howard should just stop playing so no coach gets fired.
I Be Sam Sam I am::Mods, please alert the ESPN webmasters that there's a typo in the 3rd quarter of the box score.  You have the Nets with only 5 points.  Thanks.
kicker12::OK, I think I figured it out.  California has bad weather from El Nino.  New York must get theirs from El Ets, the triangle of sucking created by the Nets, Jets and Mets.
BigC46::You can take the Nets out of New Jersey, but you can't take the New Jersey out of the Nets.
ernesto15341::Haha I liked that one
BK HOTSHOT::My solution to fix the BK Nets before the All Star Break &amp; trade deadline. 1) Hire New Coach - Dan Majerle, Patrick Ewing, Cheryl Miller w/ Reggie Miller &amp; Kenny Smith. 2)New GM(Chris Mullins) to make necessary cold cuts &amp; trades. Billy King is stuck in the past. Afraid to make bold moves.  3) Trade Brook Lopez for Al Jefferson or of course Dwight Howard? 4)Trade Kris Humphries &amp; Marshon Brooks for Andrea Bargnani &amp; Jose Calderon. 5) Cut loose Stackhouse, Watson &amp; Bogans &amp; Replace with Will Bynum, Kent Bazemore &amp; Dajuan Blair.
devinharris3418::theres 30 teams lol
BK HOTSHOT::To me, Williams &amp; Johnson are not the problem? Yes, Johnson needs to be more aggressive &amp; take over, like Kobe or Lebron/Wade would. Williams will get his. Remember there are 32 teams in the league, we are all not going to get Chris Paul, Tony Parker, Russell Westbrook &amp; so on. We don't have to go "Miami Marlins" yet?
kicker12::Right track, but they should just go 'Miami Marlins' .  They got their new stadium, now trade Williams and Johnson to Toronto for all 11 US-born Raptor players.  It's about $37 million each direction, should work in the trade machine.
Abomb27::Nets will still make the playoffs in the pathetic east
meats29::Tracy McGrady scored 13 points in 35 seconds by himself  The Nets scored 5 points in 12 minutes as a team
manoocena::funny both happened against the Spurs.
Votto4mvp050555::5 points ?LOL!!!
kicker12::8 for 23, 20 points, 2 boards, 3 assists and 4 turnovers in about 60 minutes of play. Plus a 5 point quarter. That's what $37 million dollars in annual salary gets you.  Yeah, Avery Johnson was definitely the problem, not Joe Williams or Deron Johnson.  Maybe the Russian Mob needs to break a few fingers.
j_blaze1::Protect your neck, PJ
Ontario925::The last 5 wins by the Nets have been against the Cavaliers,Bobcats,Sixers,Pistons, and Raptors. Scrub teams. Not exactly impressing opponents.
