denverFTWMELOsux::can we please admit d will is not that great and now humph is sadly the best player on this team behind maybe lopez...
tbest23::Jazz players can't wait until their deal is over so they can bolt as well.  How classy is it that D-Will was informed of the trade via ESPN!?
tbest23::Classy Jazz fans booing D-Will.  How about D-Will finding out about the trade via ESPN? Any good players in Utah know they're being groomed there and will jet out as soon as they can...
GsU -3000-GsU::another double double for young Millsap! #GramblingLab
Ni99aPlease::3-10? And this fanbase is excited for a new venue? Looks like D will is packing his bags to get out of the Nyets organization.
CandySparker::Yes D Will, Yes D Will.
jimmyjam289::Last night was "just Luck"  tonight- DW went back to his smellin up the place with his erratic tootin and shootin----- when will he learn that when he shoots the NETS LOSE. Sooooooooooooooo  dont let him shoot da darn ball. Why can't stupid coach johnson figure this out.... Stop DW from shootin and tootin up the place with his fartin shootin.    Word
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::that was the best comment i've ever seen in my two years on here. best ever!
CosmoKramer1444::I just became 10x dumber.
larrybird77::Jazz fans are idiots for booing both Boozer and DWill. Both did great things for their team. Utah fans always accused him of faking injuries, which is ridiculous. He was their greatest offensive player since Malone. Admittedly not a good defensive player though.  Jazz fans also booed Derek Fisher because his daughter had eye cancer and he went to a team to take far less money. Derek Fisher could have done like any number of players and just demanded a trade, and made the SAME money.  I like the Jazz, but I wish the fans weren't idiots.
jazzed6613::you losers are just sad we have the loudest fans in the whole league and you cant come in here and get a win because we disrupt you? you guys are sad excuses...
KennyS562::We can boo whoever we want.  They are on the opposing team fool. It's the fans job to get in the players' heads.
Ni99aPlease::Who in the world wants to play in Utah? Im glad fisher did what he did.. cause this Utah fanbase are a bunch of over emotional women.
Comeonnn::I do not know why people boo Boozer since he left us with trade exemption money from Chicago that led us to Jefferson when he did not have to do so, I do understand the booing of Fisher and Williams.  I still like Williams but fans boo him cuz he did not want to stay in Utah.  Yes he gave a lot of good years and had his heart in it too.  THe Booing fans just wish he would stay here.  Nets fans are going to boo hmi next year just the same when he signs his new max deal with Dallas Mavs and I can understand why they will boo him just as Jazz fans currently boo.
Comeonnn::Fisher had a chance to leave the Jazz keeping his respect by asking management to trade him since he hated it here obviously.  This way the Jazz could have gotten something for him.  (Boozer had at least enough respect for the Jazz to allow us to get the trade expemption money when he left).  Fisher is such a low life that he had to make up a lie and leave the Jazz with nothing by saying I need to have easy access to my daughter blah blah blah so his idea of easy access is moving further away from her.  What a piece of *#&amp;$.
larrybird77::Listen, I don't buy the story that Derek Fisher gave up millions of dollars to stick it to the Jazz. I don't buy it - it makes no sense. He wants to stick it so bad to Utah, that he makes up a lie about treatment for his daughter? He does this despite it costing millions? It doesn't add up, I'm sorry. If he went to the Lakers and made MORE money or even the same money, then that's another matter. If the Lakers were even GOOD at the time, it might make sense.  Its more likely that he had an unfounded bias that the doctors in a smaller city couldn't help his daughter the way doctors in a BIG city could. He probably was wrong, but it was his belief. But I don't believe for a second that he was trying to stick it to the Jazz organization.  If he hated the Jazz so bad, he could have just left them during the playoffs to fend for themselves while he was with his daughter. He could have whined about getting traded here. But he played his BUTT off while he was here, especially during the playoffs.  So at worst, Derek Fisher was just misinformed about what was best for his daughter. But booing makes the Jazz fan's look completely heartless, because no one believes the conspiracy theories outside of Utah. Thus, the Jazz fans are idiots, and it makes them seem oversensitive about being inadequate. It shocks me that so many people believe this concocted story from some pretty sketchy pieces of evidence. Its like when people believed Paul was dead.
meworkingman::I love it.  A moron comes on here spouting crap about things he know nothing about and accuses others of being idiots.  Fisher used his daughter to get Larry Miller to cancel his contract so he could go back to the Fakers, pure and simple.  Supposedly, the only doctors that could treat his daughter were in New York so he was going to retire and move to New York where she could be closer for treatments.  Then what does he do?  He moves further away.  And it wasn't like it's easier to get to NY from LA since John Huntsman offered the use of his private jet whenever Fisher needed to get his daughter to NY.  If you can't boo a weasel who uses his daughter to slime out of a contract, who can you boo?
utahraiderfan::I boo fisher because he was the face of the lockout.
bmpma::jazz should trade harris and  gs pick for rubio
Comeonnn::The Jazz don't need to trade Harris.  Though people say he is a horrible defender.  There are not many PGs you can say that are good defenders the way the NBA rules are these days.  You breath on the guy and you send the opposing PG to the line to shoot 2.  He can shoot from outside and that is all we really need him to do for now.  When Haward is on the floor he is the distributor.  Hayward constantly drives for easy layups then passes up the shot to pass the ball out to almost 1/2 court to reset the offense.  Take the freeking shot next time PLEASE Hayward!  Jefferson and Milsap have a good thing going to assist to eachother right now.  As long as Harris can make drives to the basket then kick it out, Harris is just fine.    Our back up point guard is great at facilitating yet that is not the issue.  I wish people would lay off Harris and see what is really stopping the JAzz from winning a championship.  Having a point guard that can give you 6 more assists per game than Harris does not win a championship.  They need that allstar 2 guard that they never had.
larrybird77::Everyone would love to have Rubio. MN would be stupid to trade him.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::i wish...but he's the piece that's gonna carry that team. i think minnesota makes the playoffs this year
mcase94::DARREN SHARPER one of the most hard hittin safeties in da leeeeeeeeague
aaronb528::Hmmm. pretty sure this post is completely irrelevant.
bmpma::Good win for the jazz hope we can keep it up in denver tommorrow
Rezo201::3-15? Great game D-Will aka most overrated pg in the NBA!
kam_moto::you werent saying that last night hypocrit
KennyS562::Dwill in a bad position=karma paying him back for being a punk $@% and threatening to leave the Jazz in his opt out year.
sjmcb160::There's no such thing as karma. Caramel, on the other hand, yum!
Comeonnn::Overrated?  How exactly is that?  Do you see him in the MVP discussion talk?  Do you see any debates going on right now where he is considered the top point guard in the NBA?  The way I see it....He is a top 5 point guard but right now he is in a bad situation.  He is on a team that is struggling to find an identity with a future allstar in Lopez out which let the Jazz torch them in the paint.  Point guards need pieces around them to succeed.  You can't get many assists in a game when the person you give it to is no better at basketball than a $@%!$@%.
MetropolitanBronco::what we can't win two in a row ...smh
Utah_Dirtbiker::Sactown just lost to the Mavs 99-60. Holy sh*t.
aaronb528::So much for Jimmer single handedly leading that team out of the cellar huh Cougar fans?
kunkelm4::I don't know why jazz fans hatin on harris???? would you want harris to play within the offense and the Jazz be 7-4, or do you want him to try to take over every game, trying to score like he is used to and the jazz be 3-8?
jazzed6613::he demanded to be traded....
larrybird77::I love how everyone "knows" he demanded to be traded, when everything in the news says this is not true. Furthermore, Greg Miller said he believed that Deron Williams wouldn't resign, but that he never SAID it. I love how "everyone knew" he was going to leave. Even Deron Williams didn't know if he would leave.  True the Jazz came out great in terms of future picks. But if you are always trading your present for the future, you'll never be good in the present. The Jazz are always stockpiling picks, and what it amounts to is that they never win championships. Sometimes you have to commit to your current superstars.  Utah fans have an inferiority complex about players wanting to stick around.  Finally, yes, it was wrong for Deron Williams to be combative with Sloan. Sloan was an old school guy and Williams is a guy who is vocal when things aren't going well. Sloan just couldn't take it anymore. Sloan was so old school, he wasn't going to tell management that he can't deal with it or that you have to trade this player, he just retired. Sloan was a great coach, its a shame the Jazz didn't keep him. But when he quit, it boggled my mind that they then got rid of Williams too.
larrybird77::Well, in my opinion, the Jazz were STUPID to trade DWill, who played great on the Jazz. It is that simple.
aaronb528::D Will was gonna leave everyone knew it. he wasn't happy with the direction the team was going and to be honest i dont think anyone was. the Jazz basically showed the league how to deal with a disgruntled star and got an extremely bright future in return. And if you asked anyone who knows anything about basketball who got the better half of that trade they would say the Jazz. they had a pissed off superstar who was most likely going to leave them with nothing and made him someone elses problem. so maybe you should take a look at the big picture before you open your mouth.
Crimson_Utes::your an IDIOT
kunkelm4::i'm a jazz fan, i know we like guys like malone, keefe, millsap, carr, ect. I agree with us being spolied with guys that give effort. I think josh howard is a guy who has revived himself so far in utah with effort. I truly believe, and im sure im not the only one, harris is making an EFFORT to change the way he plays PG in order to help the jazz be a winning team. We are doing well with him doing this but his game is suffering. His assists are getting better but his scoring and shooting have been struggling. In time, i think he will get a feel on how and when he can impact the game with scoring &amp; passing within the offense. BTW, we've had stockton and deron williams as PG's. I think Harris is in a tough position full of high expectations on how good our PG play needs to be. PATIENCE PEOPLE
Adam_Keefe_fan2::Case in point my counterpart and I liking Mr. Keefe.  Couldn't shoot, ugly as sin...but gave total effort.
adam_keefe_fan::Us Utah fans are pretty spoiled when it comes to effort. We love our players when they fight, we despise them when they waffle and don't care. It's really just as simple as that.
Utah_Dirtbiker::You have it all wrong, we want him to be getting 10 assists a game setting up teammates. He just isn't that type of point guard.
scow79::Totally agree with this
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::and for those of us wanting a player like rondo...it can happen. it would take a hefty load but ainge has been known to make stupid deals. but, stupid deal or not it's gonna cost us a pretty penny
CosmoKramer1444::Give us Favors/Harris/Miles or Kanter/Millsap/Harris
aaronb528::Not sure his attitude would go to well.
Utah_Dirtbiker::Rondo on this Jazz team would be awesome.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::but they won't be taking bell and probably not big al either cuz of cost. they'd take harris, prolly miles, a first round pick and probably someone like burks rather then big al
scow79::Good point
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::i dunno. ainge gave perkins away for green last year. and he's made lots of other dumb moves in the past
scow79::That's what I'm saying.   That's why we're not getting Rondo
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::wouldn't happen...favors is an untouchable
scow79::I bet they'd want Favors though
scow79::I'd give that up in a heartbeat for Rondo
adam_keefe_fan::I think it would be worth it.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::i agree
scow79::I can't wait to hear Douchie McWilliams post game interview.   They're always pleasant after he loses a game
PresleyCutchTabata::Harris sucks and has given up on basketball which is why the Nets were more than willing to trade him, Jordan Farmar is a better point guard than Devin Harris
Utah_Dirtbiker::No argument there.
CarlosEdwardo55::I loved a post on here by someone who ripped Harris then thought man maybe the Jazz could get a 1st round pick...brilliant! Hopefully he does begin to play better.
scow79::At this point I'd take it.   That's around where all of the PG's in this upcoming draft is going to be
CarlosEdwardo55::Yes he/she can! You might get a top 5 second round pick :)
scow79::A fan can dream can't he.  lol
Utah_Dirtbiker::Maybe the Jazz can trade Harris for former Jazzman Mo Williams. He doesn't look happy playing behind Paul and Billups.
CarlosEdwardo55::True but you can't argue he was a huge contributor the prior years during a pretty good run. And still Stockton&gt;D-Will.
Adam_Keefe_fan2::Harris, Bell, 1st &amp; 2nd round in this draft for Rondo.  Need a PG bad...don't really need another young player.
purple-and-gold::Think you got your Smiths mixed up. Justin Smith maybe, Alex has a tough time not looking like $@%!.
Adam_Keefe_fan2::Patrick Willis will be the one destroying Brady's manhood.  Dude is like a young Ray Lewis (without the manslaughter).  Smith looked great.  How fun will a 9ers Packers game be with all the Smith vs Rodgers hooplah!
adam_keefe_fan::We still got Alex Smith though. Tebow will go out and be superhero for the sick and afflicted, and Alex Smith will single-handedly destroy Tom Brady's manhood.
Adam_Keefe_fan2::I had to do something to take my mind off of the Broncos.  I have been reduced to the Jazz boards again :-)
adam_keefe_fan::THERE HE IS
Phatjam98::LOL D-Will have left us expecting anyone that doesn't think they are the second coming.  Williams became a cancer last year plain and simple
CarlosEdwardo55::never going to happen. Jazz fans are spoiled Stockton and D-Will have let us expecting more.
Utah_Dirtbiker::We could trade them CJ instead if they don't want another point guard. We need a upgrade at point guard. Maybe we will draft one or do a trade. It would be interesting to know what O'Connor is planning.
Utah_Dirtbiker::That's what I was worried about.
serebro.su::Not likely going to get a decent PG in this draft class.
Phatjam98::Harris is a good trade piece.  Plus the Jazz have that big trade exception they got for Okur
adam_keefe_fan::I think a play for Rondo for Harris + picks or whatever is the best option.
rugbychapel@hotmail.com::trade him for Jimmer!
Phatjam98::If you watch Jimmer he is much better than anyone expected.  He is on a team that has no room for a PG.  When Jimmer is on the floor he has done a surprising job of pure PG which no one expected.  I was never a huge Jimmer fan but he isn't bad... We will see how he progresses over the next couple years
adam_keefe_fan::And jersey sales would single-handedly fund all the players' salaries.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::jazz are lacking a three point shooter though. and i'd bet jimmer would be pumped to play in utah
serebro.su::Jimmer hasn't played well so far. Jazz got the better deal in Burks by a longshot.
Phatjam98::Not a bad thought there.  I'd love to have Mo back.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::clippers don't want another pg...that's why mo hasn't played
Utah_Dirtbiker::Yeah, but Harris is more of a slashing in the lane score first guard instead of a point guard.
PresleyCutchTabata::why couldnt AK47 join the Nets instead of Okur?
Phatjam98::AK actually played really well last year and got stronger as the season went on.  His asking price is just way too high for any NBA teams so he stayed in Russia.  But even more than that, DWill/The Ego hates AK and would never stand for the Nets signing him.
Comeonnn::unlikely, remember the breakdown he had a few years back in the playoffs crying on telivision?  Then shortly after he shut his mouth and acted happy and went back to playing his world of warcraft 20 hours a day.
serebro.su::I hope after his season in Moscow AK47 returns to the Jazz for less money and retires with the team.
Utah_Dirtbiker::I think AK47's asking price and years of the deal were too high for NBA teams. He can't stay healthy anyway.
adam_keefe_fan::It would have been about the same effect, really.
kam_moto::eat it nets fans
PresleyCutchTabata::good game Jazz fans, the Jazz have owned us lately, stealing all our talent, and beating us with that talent on the court
scow79::And don't forget we got you to pay for our over the hill veteran
PresleyCutchTabata::well that was the fault of a freak injury, we didnt have anything to put at center after Lopez went down
scow79::Gotta love The UnderKanter!
Utah_Dirtbiker::He made the most of those minutes tonight.
adam_keefe_fan::I feel like all Harris needs is desire to become the All-Star he once was. If he played with the fire that any of our new rookies played iwth, I'm sure he would be D-Will 2.0 with upgrades. As it stands, however, Devin is malaise embodied on the court.
kunkelm4::give harris time.I mean he is playing an offense he's never played before and seems to be trying to be a better facilitator. If he took 15-20 shots a game on his free will out of the offense, i don't think that would help the jazz win by taking shots away from millsap, favors, jefferson, ect. I'd say he will find a niche where he takes 9-13 shots a game within the offense and the jazz will be dangerous. I think he will get to averaging 13pts and 7.5 assists a game by the end
serebro.su::$@%!, even Tinsley makes Harris look bad at PG. At least he's not afraid to hold/dribble the ball and direct traffic.
serebro.su::I hope it happens sometime during this season. Package him away w/ someone for another 1st round pick.
Utah_Dirtbiker::I don't think Harris will be on the team after this season.
PresleyCutchTabata::okay we will let you keep Devin Harris, but we will send Deron back for Favors, Kanter, and the pick
scow79::You would have to take Devin Harris back to even begin the negotiating.
PresleyCutchTabata::lol
PresleyCutchTabata::why in the heck did the Nets draft Favors and try to get rid of him as soon as they got him? for real?
serebro.su::They were fooled into thinking Deron would succeed without Sloan's system
PresleyCutchTabata::Deron has succeeded somewhat without Sloan's system, but he was never worth that much
Utah_Dirtbiker::At least the young guys are getting some time. The Nets will make the loss look not as bad with their garbage time points.
PresleyCutchTabata::okay we will take Kanter, Harris, Favors and the other pick back for Deron
scow79::Haha!   No deal!!
n8n8n888::Great game Jazz!  The season continues to be better than expected for them.
scow79::Tough 4 game stretch coming up though
scow79::Proof Jamal Tinsley is no Earl Watson
serebro.su::Still love Evans' effort. Give me 10 more misses like that any night.
Phatjam98::LOL thanks for the trade Nets... Enjoy the little time you have left with Mr. Ego before he takes off for another team.  I wonder if DWill is still sticking to his story that the Jazz didn't want to improve?  What a looser.
Phatjam98::Yup... Dont know what happened to DWill but all of a sudden last season he decided that he hated the Jazz and Sloan.  Quit on the team and forced Sloan out.  Looks like the trade was pure genius.   I feel a little bad for the Nets who will have to start from scratch next year.  Williams will go to either the Lakers or Dallas.  There is no way the Ego will stay on the Nets.  He wasn't happy in Utah 1/3rd through last season when they were 3rd in the West.  I wonder how pissy he is in the locker room with his team in the basement.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::yeah, there's been lots of people calling people like us idiots for not being pleased with dwill. sure he was good for a few years. but this is a good franchise. it would've won with or without dwill. he has a huge ego. i hated the way he treated his teammates like hayward last year when he was a rookie and sloan who was a hall of fame coach.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::and he mailed it in. sloan wanted him to push the ball and he would walk it up every single possession just to stick it to him. he had no passion. earl watson was running the offense better last year
Utah_Dirtbiker::Seriously, Deron was frustrated and mad last year when the Jazz were ABOVE 500 and in the playoff hunt. I'm sure he is not happy right now. If I were a Nets fan I'd be worried about him leaving.
scow79::Anyone else notice how Humphries hasn't gotten a rebound since Kanter has been in
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::how was okur's reception?
scow79::Man I really like Watson!!
NiteOwlMom::Anyone with a link? Wanna watch some garbage time :)
NiteOwlMom::Thanks!
serebro.su::nbaliveonline.com or firstrow.tv (unconfirmed)
serebro.su::How does Harris not see Waton's play and tell himself "Oh $@%!, I should try that sometime!"
scow79::CJ is morphing into bad CJ
Mets2410::YES BEST PLAY OF THE DAY FOR THE NETS!
Mets2410::D-Will to hump for the SLAM
wearrry::its officially garbage time so where is evens
scow79::CJ has to foul a three point shooter at least once a game or he wouldn't be CJ Miles
NiteOwlMom::LOL ... so true! And he always tries to get a silly foul at the end of quarters when Jazz are in the penalty.
scow79::Burks is having a bad game so far
serebro.su::Cue the turnover
serebro.su::I'd like to see Evans in over Miles right now. He needs minutes in garbage time.
Jetlife122::met this woman named jill  bittcch gave me a headache and all of a sudden i need a pill this girl is uglier than grant hill i might as well watch the nets lose worse than the mets can lose oh well but what the helll this girl can suck and fuckkk like pam anderson
scow79::There it is!!!   Favors first assist of the season!!!
JohnnyBlazzed::Did DWill ever shoot this good for the Jazz?
NiteOwlMom::Did the fans at least show some respect for D-Will?
rbmw263::it was about 50/50. but some fans booed him every time he touched the ball.  after 5 years of him playing so hard for us that is just sad
JohnnyBlazzed::HIs teammates... who is he, Leon from those old Budlight commercials?
Utah_Dirtbiker::You don't need to tell Jazz fans that.
Mets2410::pass first PG's need good teammates to pass the ball to
JohnnyBlazzed::His game against Phoenix was nice.  Too bad he wasn't able to replicate tonight.
Mets2410::ya i guess that's part of it
rbmw263::all the drama surrounding his departure/return to Utah definitely affected his play tonight
Mets2410::ya his teammates were good yesterday too but tonight they all suck
Mets2410::last night DWill was monster had his best statistical game of his career
NiteOwlMom::Does anyone have a link to watch?
mcase94::just wondering, what do most jazz fans think of d harris?
Utah_Dirtbiker::I'm not impressed with Harris.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::he's a derrick rose wanna be...but he can't score and doesn't defend
