Nanrad_91::If Wolves fans don't want Love, the Bulls will take him. We can have Love and Mirotic. ;-)
stricktease::How is a loss to this blazers team inexcusable?  You just got your best player back and his hand is still broken, also your 'so called' star point probably will not have a full career (we've seen his song and dance in portland before -oden/roy).  You wolves fans complain about kevin love, he and pek were at least doing work.  Kirilenko did not play well, batum had a fever and still was disruptive and shut him down.  The guard production was obviously poor, scrappy portland guards picked them apart, if LA wasn't in foul trouble we could be talking about a blow out.  I don't know why the twolves fans are comparing themselves to the lakers disaapointment, lakers are championship contenders, twolves are .500 record commanders, and so are the blazers.  Difference between us, we have a ton of cap space and a really young team
JeffreyBond13::Lets be honest. Lillard and Wesley could not miss last night if they tried, it was a shooting display that I haven't seen in forever. And because they're bench is so bad their starting guards were out there even when our reserves were in and they destroyed our bench.  Look at the plus minus. Lillard will be ROY, that kid can ball.   Rubio is the defensive leader of our team, I don't see us doing anything special unless he makes a return similar to Adrian Peterson with his knee.
CBass1317::Blazers have the mid-level (I think) and a trade exception. If they can scrape together some left overs with scoring punch for the bench, the season might be worth watching.  First four of Lillard, Matthews, Batum and LA looks good.  Just drops off a cliff after that ...
SGO DucksnBlazers::Hickson is averaging a double double right now... Can't really say that is dropping off the cliff IMO
nba is the worst::Geez - even with +19 fts the wolves get destroyed
scoopjackson_21::Once Rubio is back this will be a different team
Jeff49554::T-Wolves better figure this out. These losses are inexcusable.
Robot Mojo::It's the NBA. Teams lose. Take a look at the Lakers. By the way, the Blazers have a decent team. They're holding their own against arguably better competition.
ovechkinsgoal::lillard is disturbingly good.
The_Confused_Guy::Gotta love watching the Trail Blazers.  In an age where the sport is dominated by individuals its nice to see some true team basketball.  I think they are already a serious threat for the 7 or 8 spot in the west this year, and if the starting 5 continue to develop and they get a few pieces to add the the bench, this could be a strong team in a year or two.
dash2k4::KLove is the second coming of Larry Bird: white man who can't jump but can score and get rebounds. All the props to him.
ovechkinsgoal::white or black, bird was one of the greatest players to ever lace 'em up.
amiller244::It's nice to see Matthews step up and Lillard, Batum and the other starters play well, but we're not gonna take the next step until we get some decent production from the bench. I mean come on, 9 bench points out of 103 total? I'm glad we got the W tonight but our bench needs to get better, along with our defense and especially rebounding. Seems like we've got outrebounded in just about every game this year.
Hugor Hill::Looking at the talent on that bench 9 points might be a typical night.
Hugor Hill::Love just seems to make everyone around him play worse.
frnorth::Rubio's D (if he were at full strength) would have helped. But the Wolves did not play well on defense this game or the last. AK did a good job (he always does) on Batum But Shved/Lee did not get it done on Mathews and he had a good game.  Big Pek going 4-13 didn't help, looks like he is not quite up to speed yet.   But the real story once again is Derrick William did not play for the second game in a row. This payer needs to be moved for another piece if he is not going to be a part of this teams future.  Make no mistake I do not like David Kahn, but every GM in the game would have taken DWill last year #2. But it's up to Kahn to make that pick turn into value we can use this year. There are a plethora of teams out there that would make a move for Williams for a journeyman guard.    JJ Redick for Willams is a good trade and fit for both teams. It needs to get done.
Hugor Hill::I would go further then just pick and roll defense, I would just blame them for their overall terrible play.
frnorth::oh, best center in franchise history no doubt, I was just saying there were opportunities here and we did not capitalise on them. I don't blame the big guy for the loss. I blame the guards and their lack of pick and roll defense.
Hugor Hill::4-13 is bad but on the whole he had a solid game.
frnorth::4-13 from the floor made up for it by keeping Aldridge in foul trouble and going 10-12 from the line. but 4-13 is not good.
Hugor Hill::Pek scored 18 on 13 shots. Hard to be too upset about that.
iamme73::Kevin Love doing what he does best getting his numbers while the T-wolves lose.
Ryanfrankbraungore::Once rubio is back they will be playoff contenders
frnorth::How insightful, because I could look on any roster after a loss and say the same thing about that losing teams best player. If you don't think Love is a good basketball player that says volumes more about you than it does Kevin Love.   Bottom line
iamme73::K. Love is a very good player.  Yet, his teams lose in the NBA.  Even though he is getting his numbers.
hugefan1234::espn put kevin love above dwyane wade. smh
Rip City Forever::Kevin love only care about his stats people. If u prefer that then Kevin love is your guy. If u choose a power forward To build around then Aldridge is your guy. That simple
scoopjackson_21::smoking again?
superfish69::lol this comment
JeffreyBond13::Wanna know the difference in this game?  Blazers Starting Guards: 58 Points Wolves Starting Guards: 21 Points  Ouch...
Rip City Forever::Until we get a bench we need to play this way
abovethelies2::The blazer strength is now their guards because of Lillard. The T Wolves strength was going to be Roy and Rubio. The Wolves are playing with their backups and Roy is probably done.....It is what it is.......for now
JeffreyBond13::I'm saying our guards suck... big time.
sk0dawgs::i mean ya, but we have no bench so it's that or we lose
Go Wolves7::Is Stiesma hurt????
Fan of Underdogs 2012::nope, just sitting on the bench for absolutely no reason, while being subjected to watching lou amundson of all people stealing his minutes while producing no results.
azpowskier::D-Will &gt; bench. He had a great game and then put on the pine for 2 days
JeffreyBond13::Derek WIlliams
Rip City Forever::Deron Williams? What the hell are u talking about?
JeffreyBond13::If you're gonna move a player you don't risk injury. You see it all the time in other sports where players get ZERO playing time right before they are traded.  One or two good games isn't gonna change a GM's mind on value. They're not like fans who go hot and cold on every single game. Fans are emotional, GM's are business savvy.  Not Risking Injury&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Couple Games to Showcase Williams
JeffreyBond13::He's gotta be sitting due to trade talks. I wouldn't be surprised to see him moved by the time this road trip is over.
azpowskier::I guess they did 2 games ago when he played well
sk0dawgs::wouldnt they like to get some production out of him to boost his value a little before a trade?
azpowskier::I agree
JeffreyBond13::Every Wolves Fan should watch this...  Does this years Wolves team look ANYTHING like this at all???  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjFjOC_d1FI
JeffreyBond13::It's night and day from our current offense and defense. When's the last time the wolves had an alley oop or a guard caused a CHARGE?  I haven't seen us draw a charge in forever...
bradwinsall::i watched it, he is amazing and we need him back.
Its Damian Lillard::If Wolves don't make the playoffs these next two years, Love is as good as gone.
SGO DucksnBlazers::Yeah... to Rip City baby!!!
Ya Boy Shady.::My guess is Lakers, Mavericks, Jazz, or Denver
Fan of Underdogs 2012::If I had to guess, I'd say Lakers.
XxLeprechaunxX::as well as many others
sk0dawgs::he'll leave first to save face
Ya Boy Shady.::Kevin Love can't take a team to the playoffs like other Power Forwards in this league  Love = overrated
bradwinsall::also his hand still prob isn't 100% right, he rushed back gonna take some time its a good thing we already won 5. plus i think josh howard is gonna be a pretty solid pickup getting pretty decent minutes
baseballslugger619::I think to a certain point ALL the star Power Forwards in the NBA are overrated. Is there a Power Forward in this league you'd build a team around? But at the same time, the teams KLove has had around him in his career have been absolute garbage. Just look at the roster's he's had to play with.
sk0dawgs::he never gets mentioned though for some reason
sk0dawgs::randolph is kinda a G
abovethelies2::You must be an Aldridge family member
sk0dawgs::.... taking technical free throws to pad stats says it all. im sure this guy is one big walking, talking ego
Rip City Forever::Wow u hit this on the spot. I may have to copy paste this again
Fan of Underdogs 2012::he's usually the one guy who doesn't throw up bricks.  hell even ray allen misses consecutive free throws once in a while.
sk0dawgs::not a good theory when he was throwin up bricks all night
Fan of Underdogs 2012::or maybe he took the free throws because he's one of the best free throw shooters on the team... just a theory.
sk0dawgs::i made this poll earlier, lillard or rubio. biased but lillard is killing it 11 games into his rookie season. cant not pick him http://games.espn.go.com/frontpage/forums#!/topic/1353706900-990-844
Rip City Forever::Are u kidding me? I know it sounds biased, but there not even close! Lillard all the way
superfish69::lets be honest, your biased. just like all your posts on here. your name just backs me up
CBass1317::Rubio has had major reconstructive surgery on his knee.  So ... Lillard in a heartbeat.  That is a no brainer.
abovethelies2::Got it....
sk0dawgs::that's why i made a poll, just curious
abovethelies2::Certain players perform better in different systems....Lillard is one bad dude....So is Iwing for Cleveland...... and Rubio for the T Wolves..... Picking anyone of these guys you can't go wrong.....Trying to say one is better than another this early in their careers is just premature....
Ya Boy Shady.::Love isn't a team player. He isn't great like other good PF in this league like KG, Duncan, Dirk, and Aldridge that can carry the team to the playoffs
abovethelies2::Agree
sk0dawgs::aldridge was not getting shots with roy as the star. who was his co star last year? love will have to tone it down a little and be a team player for minny to have success. they were playing better without him because it was more balanced. the west is very competitive thinking the wolves are automatically in with rubio is foolish
sk0dawgs::admittedly biased. so what? i grew up watching him play it's not like it's outa left field. the apple doesnt fall far from the tree. not to mention he's from lake oswego, dont even get me started on that
abovethelies2::Sure Love is a cancer....Dude you are entitled to your opinion..... but it obvious you are extremely biased against Love....
Fan of Underdogs 2012::I was referring mainly to the other guys mentioned, not Aldridge.  Mentioning Aldridge in the same sentence as KG, Dirk and Duncan is not smart.
Fan of Underdogs 2012::with all due respect to the other players mentioned besides Love, each of those players had co-stars on their team to help them carry the load.  Up until last season, Love never had that luxury.  Now that Love finally has his sidekick Rubio, Rubio has been hurt for most of the time he's been here in Minnesota.  If Rubio doesn't get hurt, Wolves are currently working on consecutive playoff appearances.
sk0dawgs::last year against the mavs aldridge was carrying the team. blazers took 2 games on the mavs, them and the heat were the only teams to do so.
sk0dawgs::didnt even have a love aldridge comparison in what you are replying to. i think love is a cancer, it goes beyond stats my friend. in no way do i think love is bad jesus
abovethelies2::Really....You got to be kidding....I hate individual stats but K Love out played Aldridge....apparently the majority of GM's and coaches in the NBA agree...
abovethelies2::Aldridge......are you serious dude....The other guys maybe.....but remember KG didn't do anything until he played with PP, Ray and Rondo
Its Damian Lillard::Out of our next 11 games, I'd say we should win 7 of them.
JeffreyBond13::Just spent the last 20 minutes watching Rubio highlights.  It's night and day with him running the point guard position. He makes DWILL, Randolph, Wes Johnson, and even Darko look amazing when he fakes out an entire team with his no look passes.  RUBIO&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;LOVE
JeffreyBond13::Watch this clip... EVERY BASKET IS A LAYUP or ALLEY OOP DUNK when Rubio's running the floor.  No mid range jumpers, or contested shots. He gets his teammates WIDE OPEN for easy buckets.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjFjOC_d1FI
abovethelies2::Agree
abovethelies2::Clarification...I get what you mean...HE IS A HUGE difference maker when he comes back..
JeffreyBond13::I watched an entire game of highlights where all 10 of his assists were easy lay ups or wide open 3's for his teammates.  When he sets his teammates up, it's a gimme bucket. We're not getting nearly as many gimme buckets as last year.  When's the last time the wolves even had an Alley Oop this year? Rubio would average 2 a game...
abovethelies2::Dude.....most of the players you named aren't on the team.... so it would be AMAZING if he makes these guys look great......
JeffreyBond13::It's highlights from last year, all the TERRIBLE players we got rid of. The only way they could score was Rubio faking out 5 guys on the other team and leaving an easy layup for our scrub castaways...
baseballslugger619::I hope you still feel that way when Love leaves the TWolves two and a half years from now.
baseballslugger619::Oh my bad, Love wanted the full 5-year max contract and the Wolves wouldn't give to him. You know it has to bother him.
Fan of Underdogs 2012::Love did get a max contract..... he only got 4 years, but still at the max pay rate.
baseballslugger619::The Wolves refrained from giving Kevin Love a max contract so they could give it to Ricky instead. So, when KLove walks because of that, I hope we'll be happy with that decision.
jarrollin::i dont know
Fan of Underdogs 2012::if the team isn't in the playoffs by then, i have no doubt love will leave town.  if that scenario actually occurred, who could blame him for leaving?
jarrollin::i dont think he said he wants love to leave.
jarrollin::interesting thought ... i'm amazed the team hardly seems better with KLove out there, really mystified.  Soon, hopefully, we'll see what impact Rubio has to put your thesis to the test.
Fan of Underdogs 2012::as a team player, rubio is absolutely better than love.  love is a volume number star, rubio is a team star.
abovethelies2::To T Wolves haters...This team will do damage once they get all pieces in place (Rubio) and will make a playoff run. I don't think this will be a good road trip and may reach six losses in a row. However, by mid December they will be OK. The key is to not get too far back in the West.... 4-5 games under is the worse they want to be at.....before they make their run...
baseballslugger619::What's odd is before these two DNP's for Derrick Williams he had his best game of the season vs. Golden State. I think he went for 23 points and shot very well. Something must have happened between now and then, the return of KLove shouldn't bury him on the bench.
abovethelies2::We don't know what happens in practice....I would prefer to see D-Will any day over Lou......
Fan of Underdogs 2012::poor judgement by rick adelman happened... d-will doesn't play, steimsma doesn't play, lou amundson DOES play for some strange reason.  the rotation makes no sense at all.  did the guy have a stroke or something?
XxLeprechaunxX::i agree something is missing
Go Wolves4::I'll leave you to Ponder dogs. Don't troll us anymore
Go Wolves7::Tyler Barnes.....you have no life
Go Wolves7::It's Tyler Barnes, you're actually gay....hop off
bradwinsall::trying to find a positive from tonight. j howard looked reasonable and likes hes fitting in. 10 pts on 5-8 and 7 boards. could be a decent pick up
sk0dawgs::luke babbit and $$$ for dwill?
bradwinsall::i liked the redick for d will comment, lets try and make that happen, somebody call david
sk0dawgs::he is apparently hated
Go Wolves4::I am horny..Come home dogs..Lemme get that cho.de
Go Wolves7::wtf is your problem?
Go Wolves7::Are you a Minnesota fan?
Go Wolves4::BUSTED.  Not
Go Wolves7::lol PhilMNAP, you are Phil. This is too funny
Go Wolves4::If you continue to troll minnysota fans I shall continue to troll you.
Its Damian Lillard::Pek is a monster.
DISandDAT6::Sup Dame, nice game
baseballslugger619::Gonna be honest, I'm a little miffed at how Adelman coached the game tonight. No Derrick Williams tonight, not even one second? Why in gods name is Lou Amundson playing over Stiemsma? I mean, the Stiemer isn't exactly a stud but Lou Amundson looked like he's never picked up a basketball. And lastly it seemed like when things started really getting out of hand and the Blazers were pulling away KLove was on the bench the whole time.
abovethelies2::My god a 4 game losing streak all because of K Love and a terrible coach.....Really you got to be joking????
Fan of Underdogs 2012::never said anything about love being at fault, adelman... yes.  did a terrible job tonight.  between that, poor defense, missing free throws and missed opportunities in general, this team has backtracked.... it's understandably frustrating for any wolves fan.
baseballslugger619::Who said that?
abovethelies2::Ad is very good and I am not ready to call for his head with so many injuries.....Outstanding coach
eazyt_971::We'd gladly take him back here in Portland.
Fan of Underdogs 2012::You say that now, but about the time Lillard, Batum or Aldridge have one bad game... off to the bench they go to sit for the next 5 games.
Fan of Underdogs 2012::This is why Adelman will go down in history as a good NBA head coach, but not a GREAT NBA coach.  There is a reason why he has ZERO NBA titles in 22 seasons of head coaching.  He's had his opportunities.  He has his moments where his judgement is questionable at best.
Fan of Underdogs 2012::It's not really an overreaction though because they've actually been quite awful for the last 4 games in a row.  They got off to a good start not even having Love in the lineup, but since then have completely backtracked and somehow got worse.
baseballslugger619::Yeah, can't overreact too much over one game. I just feel like he did a poor job tonight.
MNsportsfan77::htabbach- Please scroll down and see my response to you, you cu.m guzzling idiot.
htabbach::Looks like your parents did a terrible job raising you to call me names, probably was raised in a trailer? anyhow, go %$# your self.
Go Wolves7::htabbach is an idiot
htabbach::You too, probably does not know how to read and write, stupid hill billie moron.
nssaboy0::I'm thinking Go Wolves7 and Go Wolves4 shockingly are the same person. Or lovers. I don't know.
Go Wolves4::I am his BF.....We butt fuckkk everyday
Go Wolves7::You really think I would go on two computers? He was trolling me on the Celtics board too
nssaboy0::Also, I think Love should've had more touches close to the basket, especially in the first half.
abovethelies2::Dilhouse do you have anymore Wikipedia basketball stats to share regarding PG's after 11 games??? Really dude....
XxLeprechaunxX::why u hatin on Wiki?
abovethelies2::The NBA stat that extrapolates 48 minute full game stats based on 12, 20, etc minutes played is an example of making a statistical analysis to fit a particular situation. Personally I am extremely analytical but stats do have their limitations especially if team sports. Look at Rubio shooting stats from last year and you could conclude he didn't do well which wasn't the case. The PER stat ranks Rubio as the 25 or so best PG.....I love stats but they have their limitations...
abovethelies2::Too funny dude lol....
Go Wolves7::House is a moron, don't listen to him
abovethelies2::Moron is putting it mildly :-)
dlhouse18::Well generally when you talk about a teams problems THIS season, you use the games from THIS season.
XxLeprechaunxX::i must disagree, stats cannot be twisted to suit ANY conclusion, statistics are the basis for much of modern life, including science and technology. statistical analysis is often how humans make logical conclusions
abovethelies2::Not questioning your intelligence at all.....Just your logic ....Stats don't tell everything.....remember stats can be manipulated for any conclusion..... Just look at the presidential election final results....   .
dlhouse18::Honestly, you have really provided nothing on your part. I'm posting stats to back up my reasoning and I get a smirk remark just questioning my intelligence.
abovethelies2::Really?  I am happy for you...
Go Wolves7::eot, I have a gf, I have gotten laid.
Go Wolves4::What virgins say^^^
nssaboy0::Thank you for sharing?
Go Wolves7::He said I am a dbag and will never get laid, scroll down.
nssaboy0::Portland fans: How can we make a trade for Lillard?
sk0dawgs::lillard going nowhere? typo?
dawgs20jd::Not getting him. Sorry.
chris99171::Hahaha I'd think we'd need Kevin Love to even consider that at this point. Lillard is going nowhere.
Minnysota Vikings::Stojakovic also made the sickest pass in NBA history https://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&amp;v=JlkB6kpSi_k
bradwinsall::to another former twolves great...bobby jackson
Go Wolves4::Leave GO Wolves7 you troll
Go Wolves7::Ok, I was here the whole Wolves game, I think they know I am real
Go Wolves7::Derrick Williams.......learn how to play small forward already!!!!!
nssaboy0::@eototalt @abovethelies2  About my comment labeling the Wolves' backcourt as "too white," I apologize. I was attempting a mockery of ignorant fans. I like Barea and his guts, and I think Ridnour is a nice guy and a solid backup point guard. However, watching Ridnour chase Lillard around was painful. I love Shved and his fourth quarter antics, and Lee is making me a believer. Again, sorry for the comment. No seriousness intended.
abovethelies2::Dude....I am cool....I know you already said it was a joke....not a great one....but at least you clarified.... end of discussion..... take care
dlhouse18::Race doesn't matter. Ridnour sucks black or white. He can't pass or defend at PG and his shot misses all the time.
dlhouse18::He's making 3s and that's it. Shooting 40% otherwise.
nssaboy0::He used to be good at shooting! What happened?
XxLeprechaunxX::it was painful, shouldve got him some help somehow
JeffreyBond13::Last year the wolves were a run n gun team with Ricky.  Now they play SUPER SLOW... Our entire team is designed around Ricky.
Go Wolves4::I am a moron
XxLeprechaunxX::lols
Go Wolves7::Yes you are
Minnysota Vikings::Sign this guy, Kahn. We need the shooting. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XIIw9anp9M&amp;feature=relmfu
dlhouse18::OMG I love Stojavic. I'd really like to draft McDermott too.
Go Wolves7::McDermott is the most overrated player in the country idiot
Go Wolves4::I have a gf
Go Wolves7::lol, still on my jock troll?
Go Wolves7::htabbach, you like Arizona, the Cardinals, the Wolves, the Lakers, and the Eagles????? Wtf???? I think you are the moron
nssaboy0::@Go Wolves 7 Are you Luke Ridnour's wife?
eototalt::He is a troll.
Go Wolves7::No, I have a gf
