Randy Ragsdale::Pacers are one of the most deceptive teams in the league. They'll start out games by giving their opponents a false sense of security by letting them take an early lead, then settle in with their defense and slowly break their opponents down and start to blow them out in the second half. Right now that's what's happening to the Pelicans.
Lyle D. Groves::Granger starting to return to form.
Ray Waterman::Go Pacers!!
Kyle White::Kind of hard to switch from the Colts game to this. Really glad we're up big cause can't take anymore lmao
Kyle White::Big is an over statement of course but still 13 points is a solid lead
Aaron Starr::Go colts !
Tanya Rivera::P george is so ineficient 8 for 24 from field thats mello numbers
Mickey Hughes::That's very good!  -Kobe
Mark Brimmer::really?! Look at 1 box score and judge? Try this http://espn.go.com/nba/player/_/id/4251/paul-george
Kyle White::Mark Brimmer Yeap unfortunately that's what people do. They take the stats from the last game and start judging :/
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Man, how we only score 33 in the second half?
Kyle White::You faced the Pacers that's how lmao. We're a great 2nd half team so don't feel bad. I'm just glad I only caught the 2nd half cause I heard we we're playing pretty bad in the 1st
James Moehring::Hip Hip Ha-ROY!
Peter Vrouhas::Am I reading the stats correctly ??? PGeorge hiked up 33 shots, only took 7 free throws, and scored a total of 24 points for the entire game. Sure the headline read PGeorge scores a double double, however the inneficient percentages tell a much different story. We had better cancel that MVP discussion.
CJ Yolo::Indiana has no weaknesses.  I'm a Portland fan.  www.chrisinnewberg.blogspot.com
Alan Ogg::except they wont pass the first round
Ben Rinaldi::Alan Ogg, stop talking sports advice from your porn friends on Facebook.  You're smarter than that.
Christopher Butler::I can't watch this game because everytime I turn on a game and the pelicans have a good lead. They choke it away.
Rene Covarrubias::what u guys think? can this game go over 183? i dont think so cuz the players look like they already gave up
Matt Crampton::181 lol
Shaun Mitts::please explain how Paul George is "efficient" shooting 8-24?
William Sucuahi::Because Pacers wins as a team... not because of PG...
Alan Ogg::MVP! MVP! hahahahah. the guy can't even guard lebron with a broken ankle..
Lornet Prather::Who's idea was it to name this team the Pelicans?
Leland Wong::Like I say, close game but Pacers will win.
Shoot Jung::Pacers will win. Bet on them as much as you want.
Shoot Jung::Haha
Ray Batts::Didn't you predict the completely unforeseen victory by the Raptors over the Pacers? Are you paying a crooked ref or something?
Shoot Jung::Yes, I was the one. No, I am nobody. I am nothing. I just predict based on my own analysis not by the rank of the team or wins and losses of their previous games which 99% of people here do. I am the 1% lol
Christopher Butler::Lets go PELS!
Julio Cardenas Sanchez::Pacers will cover spread (-11)
