Allen6338::I think even though the Lakers lost OKC let them back into the game.  It will not be good the next time they play. Nash will be back then to make it easlier.
Letsgolakers2416::crap.... we were so close....
199Lewis::Lakers are not very good. They lack some real consistency. I doubt that they will even reach the playoffs this year. They are almost similar to the New Orleans Saints in football because both teams have some good and experienced talent but really lack the fundamental tools needed to play and beat other great teams. The Lakers season is slipping away fast and a slow start is not good.
heatonomics::Letting Harden go was a really bad idea. The way the league is shaping up this year, OKC would have been the favorite to win it all had management decided not to be so miserly when it came to Harden's contract. That being said, it definitely spreads out the talent around the league and has made this a season where anyone can win or lose on any given night.
Sonic_Sooner::Very deep analysis, Mr. Bayless [i.e., MORON]
mjsanders::Um, have you actually seen OKC play this yr dude?  After integratin Martin into their system, OKC is significantly better this yr than last yr!  Harden is a very nice player, but he plays too similar to KD &amp; RW – dominatin the ball &amp; attackin the rim.  Now you see that Russ has improved b/c he’s got more freedom to grow as a playmaker.  When Harden was in the gm, Russ switched to 2-guard.  Now when Martin is in there, RW still has to be the set-up man.  Plus, GMAFB w/ the ‘miserly’ stuff!  There’s a limit on how many max contracts a team can have.  OKC had to make a choice btwn Harden &amp; Ibaka &amp; when you look @ how Serge has expanded his gm, Presti CLEARLY made the right choice.
heatonomics::@mjsanders despite KMarts contributions, Harden coming off the bench and tearing up the secondary would have made them an even greater threat against every other team. Secondly, They could have forked up an additional million more per year, so it is quite miserly of the owners not to have stepped up. However, their loss is Houston's gain.
heatonomics::Congrats to OKC for yesterday's win! Westbrook was a crucial piece in making that happen. They just need to close out a lot better than they did. I'm looking forward to more games between these two teams.
mjsanders::For the casual fans &amp; the fans that think they know hoops, but really don’t, last night was Exhibit A of how MEDIOCRE a HC No D Antoni is!  Remember, w/o Nash &amp; Gasol, LAL still has the #1 SG in the league BY FAR AND the #1 center in the league BY FAR.  Yet No D Antoni for the life of him can’t figure out a way to run a 2-man gm – like KB used to do w/ Shaq – to get a lead &amp; dictate the tempo vs a good team!  It’s funny how PJ figured out how to do this w/ Shaq &amp; KB &amp; Rudy T did the same thing w/ Dream &amp; Glyde, but Antoni can’t figure out how to effectively use such a ridiculous inside-out combo!!!  And remember the delusional Faker fans who said don’t worry @ the defense when they hired No D Antoni b/c D12 would be all the D they needed?!?  Yeah, last night you saw that Dwight can’t guard 3-4 guys by himself out there!  It’s been obvious lately that the Flakers have no defensive scheme whatsoever – other than lookin to the refs to bail em out!  It’s just amazin how LAL mgmt. threw away their season b/c they thought this group could coach themselves!  I would bet very good $ that LAL’s record would be much better know if MB was still the HC.  At least they’d stop people like last yr.
Unsung511::I agree D Antoni's rotation is weird and in the 4th he left Kobe and Dwight on the bench too long. I see some real positive signs in Morris who is staring to be more confident playing tight D against guards and the Jamison Meeks combo..will continue to hit more and more 3s as the season goes on. We lost but good win for OK see.... On the another note: I think I saw Durant,Sefelosa,WestBrook and Martin on Kobe at some point during the game..if you watched that game Kobe pulled out a arsenal of his tools of on those cats..his foot work was superb last night and he was getting to the rack
mjsanders::That's all fine &amp; good, but how are the Flakers supposed to deal w/ the length, speed &amp; explosiveness of OKC or MEM or even LAC?  Shoot, SAS has a much deeper &amp; younger team that LAL too!
RDavison82::Kobe only has a couple years left so laker management better figure out something fast.
ForeverGrapeOKC::Dwight shot 5-7 from the Line. Will that happen again??????  SMH @ Laker fans. You sound like Bobcats fans...happy you didnt get blown out. Enjoy your "moral victory". We'll take the real ones  Thunder Up!!!!!:)
nodonovan1377::Lakers don't have the chemistry, team depth, and are too old.  Other then that nothing is wrong.
dicky dicks::strange, i thought gasol's inability to adapt to the d'antoni offense was the reason for some recent laker loses.... now that he is not playing, some here are suggesting that once gasol is back the lakers problems will disappear...  always a different reason for the loses ... at least mike brown can't be blamed anymore
SebLAL::Take two of the best four players off any team, then add a new coach and a new system and let me know how they go. In fact, just take the two players off - almost all teams will struggle.
sockmedock::but they never really had nash, so your point is invalid.  not to mention kobe is having his best year EVER!  yes, EVER!  check the stats kids, and im not talking about points, im talking about TEAM play, shot selection (yes for kobe it is much better), and defense!
elibird54321::He could not adapt, because he want to play more on the block. Running has been a problem because of his knees.
sockmedock::you are flat out ignorant!  gasol has played the high post position since he has been in LA!
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::elibird54321 - First: "Mighty" OKC only won 1 quarter last night. Lakers let that 2nd quarter get away big time. Second: OKC won by only 6 points. Third: Tthey are still missing 2-3 players, 1 player still coming off back surgery and not 100%, on their 3rd coach and learning their second system of the season.  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- blah blah blah.. we won we had our foot on their throats the whole night.. we let the lakers get back in the game. due to us playing way too sloppy and careless at the end. stop looking at stats and score and actually watch the game
elibird54321::Exactly, a big second quarter. You keep your hopes on Westbrook shooting like he did in the 1st &amp; 2nd quarter. Like I said, OKC only won 1 quarter last night. Did you not watch the game?
SebLAL::The Lakers will struggle to beat the Thunder this year (too fast, too athletic) but be under no illusions - the 2nd quarter burst from the Thunder was what won the game. The Lakers played the Thunder even other than that 8 or 9 minute span when Westbrook couldn't miss if he tried.  OKC was not easing into or out of the 2nd quarter so that the Lakers won both the 1st and 3rd quarters by a combined 1 point shows how even this game was other than the 2nd quarter burst.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::yea i did.. and we had that the whole game.. we were playing sloppy and just trowning shots up.. the game wasnt even that close till the closing mins when lakers got a few garbage 3's.. so lets dont go there.. okc owns la for the last 2yrs going on 3 now.. so keep making exuses they suck get nash and gasol.. because apperantly thats everyones argument that apparently you need 4+ allstars to beat OKC!.. and i doubt you will even do that when they do come back.. enjoy the lottery pick this year oh wait you traded it..lmfao
Kobes Black Mamba::Exactly, you can tell from the comments who watched the game and who's basing their comments on the box score.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::seriously.. hate freaking trolls if your gonna say something make sure you at least watch the game.. smdh
Swimbikeron::Kobe and Nash on perimeter D is going to be horrific.  Love Nash, but don't see how losing 130-120 is better than losing 120-110
vigometro85755::Dwight Coward will be gone from the Lakers next year.  Nobody wants the the lazy slug.  He cant play in the 4th quarter because of the Hack a Coward and he is worthless the first 3 quarters.
elibird54321::Been there, done that. You're putting too faith on the Hack-a-Shaq strategy
dicky dicks::i love the laker fans who think a soon-to-be 39 year-old point guard who can't defend is going to solve the laker problems... lakers are giving up lots of points already.... wait until nash comes back and opposition point guards start dropping 30+ points on him or penetrating and putting big dwight in foul trouble even earlier in the game
elibird54321::Sorry, but the Lakers biggest issues have been turnovers, rebounding &amp; offensive continuity;  while the defense could play better as the first 3 issues stat to get better and the defense improves a bit they will be fine.
Kobes Black Mamba::Rebounding shouldn't be an issue with the front court the Lakers have. Regardless, you are right to an extent, the Lakers problems extend beyond their defense, it's just what I noticed most of all from yesterdays game.
dicky dicks::i admire your optimism
Kobes Black Mamba::That's just it isn't it, the Lakers issues are on the defensive side of the ball yet die hard Lakers fans can't see that. The perimeter D they displayed yesterday was atrocious.  If the Lakers don't get some help in that respect then it'll be an early end to the season for them.
elibird54321::First: "Mighty" OKC only won 1 quarter last night. Lakers let that 2nd quarter get away big time. Second: OKC won by only 6 points. Third: Tthey are still missing 2-3 players, 1 player still coming off back surgery and not 100%, on their 3rd coach and learning their second system of the season.   Fourth: KD &amp; Westbrook had big games and they barely won. OKC is not as good as they think they are, So, either OKC is looking weak or the Lakers are a lot better than anyone wants to admit and once this team has time to heal and gel they are going to be an absolute monster.
Westjag::I'd hate to slip into a laker timezone
Kobes Black Mamba::If you actually watched the game, you would have seen that OKC was up 19 part way through the 4th then started coasting.  Tell yourself what you want, but the Lakers weren't even in this.  You are right, the Lakers are down 2 stars. But your teams problem is defense and Nash can't help there.
Sonic_Sooner::You are now in the Faker Twilight Zone.  A place where old players suddenly are able to heal quickly.  A place where players that don't play or practice together suddenly gel during the season.  A place where a run and gun offensive system suddenly works with old, slow players that can't shoot.  A place where satisfaction is gained by a LOSS in which the team closes a double digit gap to single digits with a mini-run in the last two minutes.  A place where a team that has recently bitchslapped the other team 8 out of 10 times is weak.  Welcome..... to the Faker Twilight Zone.
dicky dicks::beyond nash, what other vital players are missing for the lakers?  also, howard has already claimed (weeks ago) that he was back to near 100%,  so who has the troubled back?
dicky dicks::<b> Fifth, Bryant is a selfish ball-hog who destroys any sense of teamwork with his individual pursuit of the scoring title</b>
dicky dicks::elibird54321 - 7 NBA titles and 5 championships say otherwise, buy a clue.  who has 7 nba titles?  and where do you buy your clues, because i think i'd rather shop elsewhere
elibird54321::7 NBA Finals and 5 championships say otherwise, buy a clue.  And by the way if it was all about individual records for KB24 he would have played and won the scoring title last year.
dicky dicks::<b> so now that mike brown and gasol (who's been sitting out) can't be blamed for the loses, who is gonna be the target?</b>
dicky dicks::<b> strange ... lakers have won only 1 game this season when kobe has scored 28+ points</b>
stairwell13::guess Kobe would rather score than win.
stairwell13::kobe 11-24 with 5 turnovers and the lakers lose again.  dude is only about getting his points and the credit for the rare times when they win.  And it is becoming rare.
rdkpurdue1::the guy had 7 assists last night plus he's their main offensive threat who can get his own looks, he has to play facilitator without a PG, stop trying hate and actually acknowledge facts and sources
sloppy dick::fact : lakers have won just 1 game this season when bryant has scored 28+ points
Eric8163::Even though we lost I think we played pretty decent and at least we fought hard till the end. I think this will make an interesting series this year. See ya in staples center OKC fans.
nodonovan1377::Dwight Howard will probably bounce from the Lakers if they don't make the WCF.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::at this rate he's bolting after this year
TheA-TeAm8235::once steve nash comes back, he gonna kill with dantonis system.  lakers still gonna end up being 3rd in the west come playoffs
Kobes Black Mamba::Sure, Nash will help the flow of the offense, but your teams problem is defense.  You can have the greatest offense in the world, but defense wins championships and the Lakers have very poor perimeter defense so far this season.
lifan36::Lakers will be better with Nash but I think they'll end at #5.  Nash is a huge upgrade over Darius Morris and Duhon.   Im pretty sure Lakers will make the playoffs
Sonic_Sooner::D-E-L-U-S-I-O-N-A-L  Exactly HOW will Steve Nash coming back stop Russell Westbrook from scoring and penetrating at will against the Fakers?  Tony Parker? Chris Paul?  Hell, Mike Conley?  No way will the Fakers finish above any of those four teams.  The Fakers can hope for fifth place in the West at best, and there is a very real chance they don't make the playoffs.  The race for the last four Western Conference playoff spots is WIDE OPEN between Minnesota, Denver, Houston, Utah, Golden State and the Fakers.  There's as much chance of the Fakers finishing 10th as 5th.
stairwell13::turned out all right huh?  THEY NEVER WON ANYTHING.  Other than than, it was fine.
Sonic_Sooner::Bad comparison.  Nash "didn't have to stop nobody" at Phoenix, because Phoenix had a team built to RUN.  The Fakers are a slow, old, fragile team trying to play Antoni's system.  It won't work.
lil_Stratboy::less energy spent on the offensive end with Nash but defense they got Dwight to make up for it most of the time
TheA-TeAm8235::steve nash didnt have to stop nobody when he was leading the suns and it turned out all right.  they did good in the reg season. im not saying they are going to win the title but i think they are going to tear it up in the reg season when nash and pau are back healthy
nodonovan1377::They Lakers are gonna lose this season to injuries and trying to figure out how the pieces fit together.
Sonic_Sooner::And unfortunately for them, the Fakers cashed in all their chips for this season.  The future holds nothing for them except another year older for their overpaid fossilized roster, no draft picks and no salary cap room.
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY CLASSY::Fakers lmao bet your team sucks calling them that limos
decker69::Laker fans claim that Kobe only shoots a lot when the Lakers are losing.  He's trying to get the Lakers back into the game.  So why did he shoot 31 times when the Lakers were leading the Rockets the entire game?  And then bricked his way to a loss in the final few minutes. (1 for 4)
r3conklin::The difference between Kobe and Durant- Kobe 35 points on 11-24 shooting. Durant 36 points on 10-19. Kobe jacking up bad shots is inefficient. It's like throwing the ball out of bounds.
lifan36::Durant had a better game.  No one is arguing that.  But do realize Kobe shot close to 50% when his team shot under 38% in last nights game.
lifan36::Kobe left the game and the team lost a 17 point lead.  What do you think?
lifan36::Ignore the fact Lakers have had 3 coaches and missing their PGs and now Pau.  yea you are so logical.    you are an idiot.  You'll realize it some day.
decker69::lifan36 - listen Decker, you are an idiot.  You dont factor in the tangibles.  YOu look at a piece of paper and make the judgement off of that. Now get lost.  You are a moron in my eyes.  Can't handle the truth can ya.  Every story you Kobetards come up with gets shot down.  And then you just say it's about intangibles.  There is no reasoning with a Kobetard.  None.  Ignore facts, ignore your record and keep sucking Kobe off.  Whatever makes u happy.  Go for it.
lifan36::listen Decker, you are an idiot.  You dont factor in the tangibles.  YOu look at a piece of paper and make the judgement off of that. Now get lost.  You are a moron in my eyes.
decker69::OMG.  You guys are clueless.    He shot 31 times when they were leading the entire game.  What happened to your theory about Kobe only shooting 30 times to try and get back in the game?  Talk about living in  a fantasy world.
nodonovan1377::Lakers gave up 1st round draft picks for Nash when they shoulda been tryin to package up those picks w/Gasol for Josh Smith.
Whutitdew3::dude oh yeah give up a franchise player like love and get a declining player like gasol. delusional laker fan at its best
stairwell13::Love 2 years ago wasn't playing like the Love of today,  same goes for Gasol.  Seems like that would make you the ignorant one.
lifan36::You obviously didnt know that was offered 2 years ago.  ignorance is bliss.
r3conklin::The Lakers were never getting Josh Smith. Gasol is exactly what the Hawks are trying to avoid. Even insane Laker luck has to stop somewhere.
lifan36::Bottom line is Lakers lost a lot of good opportunities to get some good pieces for Gasol.
nodonovan1377::Agreed and now Gasol's trade value is low.
lifan36::If they could do over Im sure they woulda trade Gasol for Love.  Imagine Love on this team.  Best quad ever.  Kobe, Nash, Love, Dwight.
stairwell13::if Love went to the Lakers he would just be the next guy Kobe won't pass the ball to.
lifan36::Must hurt getting owned.  Have a nice day idiot;
decker69::Have a good day lil boy.  Enjoy 9-11 and Kobe's cawck in your mouth.
lifan36::There Decker, someone just read my posts and understand what Im saying.  Now get lost kid.
lifan36::There is a difference between saying someone will get 25 pts and 15 rbs in a Lakers system with Kobe, Dwight, Nash and saying someone is capable of getting 25 pts and 15 rbs.   Get lost kid, you do nothing but twist facts and try to insult people.  You are a class A idiot.    Comprende?
TheA-TeAm8235::sorry to jump into yals debate, but lifan has a point if switching love and pau was possible.  dwight and love are the best 2 rebounders in the game, no question.  on the same team that would be amazing. more rebounds equals more shots. it would be a great trade for the lakers, but not the wolves, hence why it is not going down.
decker69::How old are you?  You are either a teenager or maybe early 20's.  Another kid from this sad generation.    My friend said it best.  This generation is getting dumber and they are convinced they are smart as hell.
lifan36::Did I say Love can get 25 pts a game and 15 boards or did I say he will get that in this system?  Didnt Love average 25 points last year?  You either trying to twist things in your favor our you just stuipd and cant read a simple sentence.
decker69::lifan36 - So Decker, you dont think if we swapped out Gasol who is doing nothing with a guy that can score 25 pts a game, grab 15 boards, hit open 3's make a huge difference?  Hmmm.
lifan36::Did I say Love will get 25 ppg on 10 shots?  Did I even say how many points Love would get in this system?  Wow. you losing a debate so badly you starting to make up stuff now.
decker69::lifan36 - lol.  How about love can take the shots that Pau takes?  Thats over 10 shots right there.  Kobe shoots 19 shots a game. You think kobe takes all the shots or something?  So Love will get 25 ppg on 10 shots?  Love shot 19 times per game when he scored 26.  What about Nash's shots?  You think he's gonna be satisfied with Duhon's 3 shots per game?  You are lost like a baby in the woods.
lifan36::lol.  How about love can take the shots that Pau takes?  Thats over 10 shots right there.  Kobe shoots 19 shots a game. You think kobe takes all the shots or something?
decker69::And again you don't answer the question.  Because you have no answer.  As usual.
lifan36::Again you spew your stupidity. Kobe know to win with the right pieces.  7 finals, 5 rings more then any active player in the NBA.  You are a friggin joke.
decker69::All you do is spout ppg and rbg.  If you put Love on this team, who's shots is he going to take?  Love shoots more than Pau.  I guarantee Kobe won't give his up.  Dwight is not getting enough already.  And Nash will shoot more than Duhon is.    You are a friggin joke.
lifan36::No stupid is not realizing a team has had 3 coaches in a 20 game span and missing their starting and back up PG and assuming that the team will always be .500 team.  Stoooopid.
decker69::lifan36 - I meant the best quadruple in the league.  Maybe not ever but be damn good.  Sure, a sub 500 team adding Love would lead to the best top 4 in the NBA.  Omg, you are stooooopid.
r3conklin::That would NEVER happen. Hyperbole or not, adding Love doesn't take you from being on 40 win pace to being on 73 win pace.
lifan36::I meant the best quadruple in the league.  Maybe not ever but be damn good.
lifan36::So Decker, you dont think if we swapped out Gasol who is doing nothing with a guy that can score 25 pts a game, grab 15 boards, hit open 3's make a huge difference?
decker69::Adding Love to a sub .500 would do that for sure.   #DelusionalLakerFansAreFunny
nodonovan1377::Best squad ever?
u2cangetthebozack::People say silly things about the Lakers, stuff like "Kobe had a great game" after he went 11-24 from the floor; why is that?
Sonic_Sooner::Coby's minions are totally blinded by their obsession for him.  The FACT is that the Fakers are 1-8 when Coby scores 30+ this season.  Most people would see a bit of a trend there.  But Cobyclones just defend his CANCEROUS effect on the team.
u2cangetthebozack::No, I "act like" a guy going 11-24 shouldn't be given credit for a "great game"; why is that a problem for you? I'm NOT one of the Kobe Bryant Athletic Supporters, those individuals dedicated to holding the testes of Kobe Bryant aloft; sorry...
kobepac24::But you act like he had a bad game. Now its ok maybe even good.
u2cangetthebozack::Besides, doesn't Sefolosha guard Bryant most of the time?
u2cangetthebozack::It's an OK game, maybe even a good one, but people calling it "great" is just silly, and I'm just pointing that out...
u2cangetthebozack::I'll assume you meant "bad game", and I'd agree; it's not like he was 7-29 or something. By the same token, shooting below 50% doesn't generally qualify for "great game" status, does it?
lifan36::I think its a good game overall.  1 shot under .500 with 5 assists against an elite team.  Durant is not an easy player to shoot over with his 7+ feet wingspan.
kobepac24::11-24 is just under 50% Lakers lost but do you think 11-24 is bad?
u2cangetthebozack::It's not horrible, but it's far from "great". Of course I should expect this, coming from the people who used to hype up the "great" Andrew Bynum...
lifan36::Its not a bag game.  with what 5 assists?  thats  at least 45 pt of the offense ran through Kobe.
nodonovan1377::Lakers got talented pieces but they don't compliment each other game well.
lifan36::Gasol is really the odd man out.  So technically Lakers only have two superstars right now that compliment eachother which is Kobe and Dwight.  Nash is not even playing so he doesnt even factor into the equation right now.
lifan36::Im not sure if Dwight is a guy the offense can run through.  he can't shoot FTs, he has an incomplete post game.
nodonovan1377::I don't really buy that Kobe and D12 compliment each other. Kobe is not gonna let the offense run through D12.  It will always be Kobe #1 w/shot attempts.
lifan36::One trade we shoulda made was Gasol for Dragic, Scola Martin.  Dragic is awesome, Scola is a better fit in the PF position and Martin could be a possible 6th man off the bench.  Now we stuck with Gasol who doesnt play well with Dwight.   So damn frustrating.
meloowns777::Wait, the Rockets were actually dumb enough to consider that trade?  Wow.
meloowns777::Ah, I didn't realize that was the CP3 trade without NOH being involved.  Yeah, probably could've happened.
lifan36::they were going to send Those 3 guys to NO with Odom from Lakers, and Lakers were to get CP3 and Rockets were to get Gasol.  Lakers coulda just offered Gasol for those 3 guys straight up.  It was the trade blocked by Stern.
kobepac24::If the Laker do put things together but end up playing on the road in the playoffs. I dont think anyone would like to draw them in the first or second round.
thegreatma3::lakers just need to make some mismatches where westbrook ends up defending kobe...this will enable kobe to get a good look, or more importantly, get westbrook into foul trouble.  the only way to stop westbrook is to get him off the court.
Sonic_Sooner::Now, pause, take a deep breath, and consider any way POSSIBLE that could happen.  There isn't any.  OKC has Thabo Sefolosha on the roster specifically to defend players like Coby and they are NOT going to switch Westbrook onto him.  The Fakers even tried putting Jody Meeks at SG last night with Coby playing PG.  You remember what happened?  Yeah.  Coby was trapped by Sefolosha and Westbrook, couldn't even get the ball past half court, and travelled.  The Fakers didn't try that again, wisely.  The Fakers have NO answer for Russell Athletic.
nodonovan1377::The Lakers didn't need Steve Nash.  They needed a young athletic point guard that would play defense, hit open threes and then they needed to hire Phil Jackson.  He woulda mad Gasol and D12 work on the court w/his triangle offense.
Sonic_Sooner::When I hear FakerFans conjuring up stuff like this, I hear the intro to Color Me Badd's "I Adore Mi Amour" in my mind:  ".....DREAM ON..... DREAM AWAY....."
lifan36::Gasol was good as the primary post player.  When Bynum got back healthy Gasol started to suck so its not really a good combination.
lifan36::I try that too.  Hopefully D'ANtoni will try that.
nodonovan1377::Bynum is an offensive player though and D12 is a defensive player.  The offense should run through Gasol.  If the Lakers aren't goin to give the ball to Gasol in the low post they should just trade him for a stretch 4.
lifan36::Gasol is just not as good outside the post.  Bynum and Gasol didnt work either.
nodonovan1377::Well Bynum never worked out cause he was never upright for more than 15 games at a time.  Still isn't!
lifan36::Lakers will give this team until mid season to turn things around.  If they dont start winning Gasol will be traded.  I personally have lost faith in Gasol.   2 consec subpar performance in the playoffs is enough for me.
nodonovan1377::20 games into the season and the Lakers are 9-11.  Everybody is like it's not time to panic yet but they are basically a quarter of the way through the season and not even a .500 team.
kobepac24::Ok if they have to play on the road they play on the road. When we traded for gasol we had to lose in the finals before they ran off back to back ships. Heat took a full season before they got one.
nodonovan1377::Kobe is 34.  Lakers don't got time to waste.  The window w/Kobe playing this well is 2-3 years.  Can't expect him to be goin at this pace at 38.
kobepac24::Dont forget they had their full roster for all of one game. Yeah thanks for the input tho.
nodonovan1377::Doesn't change the fact that 20 games are already done in the NBA season.  Hope they don't mind playing on the road in the playoffs....starting in round 1.
MiraclesBoys33::when nash returns and they lose their first game with him back there should be no excuses from you lakers fans
kobepac24::After one game really? Whatever you say.
meloowns777::Lakers are asking Kobe to do too much right now.  Nash is done, the Phoenix doctors extended his career but now that he's away from them, he won't stay healthy.  Pau is just not the same player he was 3-4 years ago, people need to stop being delusional thinking he'll suddenly turn it around.  He won't.  He's old.  It's unfair to Pau.  The funny thing is, the Lakers can still be a dangerous team if Dwight could just make his free throws and the bench guys can hit some threes.
Jlv2012::Lakers need to clear cap space
mrfotns::frustrated?
x_chip_douglas_x::lakers lose by only 6 on the road vs okc without nash, gasol, blake? not bad
meloowns777::Blake sucks, take him out of that sentence.
Qzhoopin20::Classic example of a game's final score not being indicative of how badly the losing team was dominated!
mrfotns::u still mad?
81pts.WasOverrated::Nobody fears the Lakers because they have a sh*tty leader in Kobe Bryant.  Everyone knows the real reason for Lakers Championship in the the 2000's was because of Phil, Shaq, and the acquisition of Pau Gasol.  Now Gasol is up for trading.
Qzhoopin20::The 5th all-time leading scorer in NBA history has had absolutely no impact on his team's success?????? * sigh * ....OK
RDavison82::If I launched up as many shots as kobe I'd be on rhat list of 30000 pt scorers.
lifan36::really if everyone knows why is Gasol in the trade talks?  Nice contradiction.
UK fan 4 ever::Can i be traded to the heat?-------Dwight Howard.
lifan36::Sure for Lebron James or Wade and Bosh.
81pts.WasOverrated::It's over for the Lakers.  Unless the Lakers agree to give Phil a job and give him part ownership of the team.
81pts.WasOverrated::I like to call all Kobe followers.....Kobe's Kids.  A bunch of young punks who started watching basketball in the early 2000's.
Objective Sports Analyst::Dude the Lakers have barely played 25% of their season... why is everyone so pessimistic?
rdkpurdue1::...just being trolls, remember most of these people don't watch basketball or sports in general. They read the box scores or the first page headlines and run straight to the comments
lifan36::Actually 24% but whose counting?
kobepac24::81pts were you banned by a Laker fan today. I see you just started your account.
81pts.WasOverrated::Kevin Durant killed Kobe last night.  KD has Kobe's number ever since the 2010 NBA Playoffs when Durant blocked Kobe on a huge possession.
Bearcat5734::yeah but KD got the W.
Objective Sports Analyst::Durant 36 points Kobe 35 points... wow... I mean he really showed kobe... and entire point difference
lifan36::really?  I thought Lakers won the championship in 2010?  LMAO!.  fail.
Jlv2012::There's always next season for the Lakers
81pts.WasOverrated::The reason why LeBron has a screen shot of him playing against Michael Jordan is because he feels that's the only player that can stop him.  And that's true.
81pts.WasOverrated::Kobe missed 13 shots last night!  I'd be pissed as a Lakers fan.  Get the ball to Howard and other teammates.
Qzhoopin20::Kobe shooting 11/24 last night is not what lost the game. Bottom line...the Thunder are just BETTER than the Lakers at this point in time.
81pts.WasOverrated::Mamba is all talk.  NOBODY fears dude.  NOBODY.
kobepac24::So why is his name in your mouth so much?
81pts.WasOverrated::Everyone...give it up for Kevin Durant.  THE BEST PLAYER IN THE WEST.  If you disagree, you've been raped by Kobe.
81pts.WasOverrated::Kobe's style of leadership doesn't fit this Lakers team.  I say trade him for Monte Ellis.  At least Monte Ellis got some speed.
81pts.WasOverrated::It's over for the Lakers.  They say never say it's over till it's over.  IT'S OVER FOR THE LOS ANGELES LOSERS.
kobepac24::Nice try Cleo your getting better but not there yet. Try again.
81pts.WasOverrated::I guess Gasol would put on his big boy pants if he could BEND HIS KNEES!!!
