Silas Reyes::here comes fat boy felton and his merry band of yankee bootlickers. Too bad he won't be playing tonight
Eric Witt::It really is a shame he probably won't play, damian Lillard could teach him some things...
Gejsi Marku::Don't be hard on him. Rumors say that the NYC's fast food businesses have an increase of 30% in revenues thanks to Felton.
Daniel Yost::Keep tanking it Knicks.  The Nuggets will take that lottery pick :)  Hope you're loving Melo.
Andy P Kordyban::Move the Pacers and Heat to the West...move the Jazz and Kings to the East...make the East a new D-League....make the new West the NBA
Noah Bracken::Wow there's actually no argument against this logic
Abbas Akhoundi::that was a good one.lol
Elijah Rochford::And the Hawks would be the best team in the east =(
Gejsi Marku::Felton > Lin Bench > Amare Grannies > Young players Isolation > Flowing offensive game Anthony > The rest of the team - Knicks logic
Raymond Liu::But... but...but.....James Dolan guaranteed a championship this year.....
Steven Worsley::Raymond Liu Dan Gilbert promised one, too, and we've seen how that played out.
Matt Johnson::Should be Portland 11th straight win tonight Go Blazers
Noah Bracken::how many games do the Blazers gotta win before they get any recognition? Now that they have a Bench they're a top 3  West team Easy
Fjodor Balla::lol....Blazers will be fighting for a playoff spot by the end of the season.
Cody Palmer::Fighting? Yeah, you're on a molly.
Don Layton::Fjodor Balla And the Knicks? Will they reach the .350 mark?
Cody Palmer::Time to make it 11 straight! #RipCity
Michael Winter::GO BLAZERS!!!
Silas Reyes::given the market size, inability to win, and the fact that the NBA has been rigged in favor of the larger market teams since Stern took over, an argument can be made that the knickerbockers are the most pathetic franchise in NBA history.
Roderick Marshall::Never underestimate a team, no matter how bad they are. The blazers can't get caught up in records now, it's a long season and some tough opponents ahead. Go Blazers! Time to make it 11 in a row!!
GianFranco DeZola::wow wow wow NY KNICKS really suckssssssssssss....Blazers are short staff and they are spanking the Nicks like little B%%$$ ajajajaj   What a mediocre Franchise are the Knicks...no pride not heart...no respect for fans....Shame on them
Fiti Bear::what are you talking about short staff dude your knicks sucks always vs Blazers look last season we beat your knicks without bench in their own place now we have bench great players  we are way to good for this overrated knicks team
Eric Witt::11-straight! RIP CITY!!!
Jack Huang::Anthony said the Knicks' problem is sharing the ball. "When the ball doesn't move, you can't get into a rhythm," he said. "(When the) ball's not moving around, that makes it tough for the rest of the team to have fun out there. Right now, we're not having fun."  Omg Omg Am I hearing this correctly, Melo critising his team not sharing the ball, correct me if I am wrong but isn't he and Smith the one who hog the ball for "The Team"  Isn't he the one who wants to play like a hero and shoot every shots he can.  OMG I am getting tired of his political crap!  Can someone just hand him an Oscar award right now.  Everyone knows Carmelo won't pass the ball, he won't give up his scoring opportunity, and his chance to be the HERO of the team, this statement is full of political crap and is definitely full of himself.  OMG Carmelo Anthony is nothing but a big fat liar.  Hate him so much!!!
Andy P Kordyban::Amare said that you idiot.
Marcus Grein::recap got it wrong, it was Amare that said that......
Jack Huang::Really Amare said that ..... well that  make sense, cause I know, a selfish & stubborn idiot like Melo will never put The Team in front of his personal glory!!  Marcus thank you very much!!
No Names James::I feel bad for Melo. He has a good game and still can't get any credit... Melo is probably the only Knicks player that comes to play every game.. The rest are just spectators. I hope he leaves like I said before real NY fans appreciate Melo, they know he has nothing to work with, while these fair weather fans just throw stones at him.
Tyler Moss::You feel bad for Melo? Lol.
John Martin::James:  The rap on Melo is that he is a ball hog. Here are the career shooting percentages of the best current NBA players:  Melo--.455; LeBron--.492; Durant--.474 and Kobe--.454. Melo is equal to Kobe who is also accused of shooting too much.  One thing this compariosn shows is that Kobe and Melo on the same team would not work.
No Names James::John Martin, That remains to be seen, i'm sure kobe and melo would share the scoring load, because they both know that the other one can provide points. You pick two guys Kobe and Melo who are sorrounded by guys who can't make open shots if they do pass the ball or these guys passed the ball back to them or turn the ball over. Either Kobe or Melo would have alot of assist too if they had the dependable cast that LBJ has.
Junior Gokool::Jay your a moron, Knicks lost their unprotected pick to Denver in the Melo deal. So in theory if they tank the season, their lottery pick would go to Denver or Orlando.
R.J. Gronlie::I agree, but the only way Dolan will understand that this team is horrible is if they just suck. He will trade Shumpert and he will fire Woodson this year. He will think the team is one player away. They need to suck. Amare needs a wakeup call that he is not a HOF candidate. I never seen such a bunch of losers in my life. And I'm a Knicks fan. They don't even know how to play help defense or defense on a fastbreak.
Michael McCreesh::the deal that keeps on giving.
Nick Campbell::Game was over when.... -The Trailblazers outscored the Knicks 34 to 18 in the First QTR. Rip City takes the Streak to 11!
Matt Johnson::Matthews is Portland best player this year he needs to shoot the rock more then say Lillard does.
Fjodor Balla::Win shares: 1.Matthews 2.2 2.Lillard       1.9 3.Batum       1.5 4.Aldridge    1.3 5.Lopez        1.2  Yup..its Matthews
Paul Miller::Is there a more disliked player in Blazer History than that pile Raymond Felton ?
Tyler Moss::Ate a lot of donuts while in Portland and that's about it
Don Layton::Personally I couldn't stand the jail blazers. Felton - not a fan but he never stuck it to Portland like Sheed did.
Paul Miller::Don I agree with you...when he threw that towel at Sabonis, I felt  so bad for Aarvydis
Greg Mattson::The Blazers record is starting to rival the '91 team.  And they were pretty good.
Nate Hammond::Blazers gonna bring the pain!
Neal Straka::I predict blazers get their first 30 pt victory of the season.
Joshua Lee Jackson::GO ZERS!
Manuel Paulino::I should have never even thought of being a Knick.  I stop watching them for 13 years.  Now I come back to watch this piece of crap overpay bunch of idiots.  Sometimes I wonder if they could do some type of IQ test to these guys.  I see plays that I wonder if they have Neurons or CACA.
Geoff Starling::It never ceases to amaze how much people underrated T. Chandler. When the Mavs let him go, I was like wtf are they doing? He is the reason they won. Here's what people do, they overrate shot blocking numbers and underrate how many shots a guy truly bothers and yet still gets the rebound. Duncan is a master at this, so was Ben Wallace. Those guys werent just shot blockers, they were incredibly intelligent defensive players, they knew how to bother guys without commiting to a potential foul or giving up an easy pump fake layup or giving up rebounding posiition. They just attacked the release point of the shot and didnt jump unless they knew the offensive player was committed. Chandler is a great defensive player and rebounder... conversely, a similar guy like M. Camby was not. Camby only wanted BPG numbers and really didnt know how to play D otherwise, gave up easy baskets if he couldnt block the shot. D Howard is in the Camby category. Watch how many easy baskets he gives up.. now Howard is so physically dominant he probably deserved acouple DPOY awards, but he's still overrated defensively. Point is, T. Duncan never gives up an easy bucket if he's in the area, never. Howard and camby do it all the time. I'm sad to say my boy A. Drummond is currently in the Camby category too. But he's only 20, so there's hope he 'gets it' at some point.
Will Bernanke::The best thing that can happen to the Knicks is for them to keep losing and losing badly so their delusional front office realizes this team needs to be blown apart
Geoff Starling::Their cap is only destroyed through next year, they can start rebuilding in 2015... hey in 5 short years they could be okay again
Elijah Rochford::Exactly and even worse the fans think their a championship team too
Floyd Hicks::So u tell it ! We Knicks fans know better. We know exactly what we got, Melo and that's about it. The only Knicks fan talking championship is the owner. I doubt u hear him say that again,at least not until we reach 500 ball.
Autry Cassell::ny, ny, I'm gonna wake up in city a that never wins((nets, knicks, giants, jets and mets). $$$$$$$$$$ means nothing!
Silas Reyes::knicks and nets in the same boat. both old, slow, lame garbage teams with a bunch of untradeable contracts and no draft picks.
Tony Hartmann::the tanking twins
Marcleen Bavogui::Tony Hartmann tanking twins with no pick
