pvhawkespn::What a surprise, the favored, popular home team wins a close game by shooting 38 FT's and getting a BS call in the last second of the game. Who would have expected that from the NBA.
Griss13ears::Hey tuff guy. You don't draw fouls when all you do is chunk up 3's. The grizzlies got to the line more because they drove to the rim and worked it inside. And the officiating was horrid on both sides so don't even try to make excuses. This game was gift rapped for the Warriors and presented on a silver platter....too bad you couldn't finish. WAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tdcolts41::Shouldn't have even come down to free throws! Had we maintained what we were doing instead of chunking up garbage in 2nd and 3rd q, it would have been a blow out!
Oaktown1029::In the last minute, Curry dribbles right into a turnover and Lee makes an offensive foul - is it any wonder the Dubs can't win close games? they should have given it to the great Beidrins!
xmanfolife::Grizzlies need to burn those jersey's.....
emthomasjr::As Pete and Sean said, the officials "struggled" all night in this one.  I know they have a tough job, but they sucked big fat ones tonight.  I'm glad the win went the Grizzlies way, though.
49ersfan66::the thing that irritated me the most was when memphis was inbounding the ball, there were .6 seconds. after watching the replay and  seeing when the whistle was blown, there should've been 2.9 seconds. they kept the clock going after the whistle
jembree44::As a Thunder fan I know when Zac comes back Memphis will be a VERY Dangerous team in the Playoff's....I home we play them in the Western Confrence finals...They are to good to have to play in the first or second round...But the West is Stacked......No easy outs like the Top heavy East....Miami,Chicago and Indiana a Distant 3rd...Those 3 are the only teams that could make the Pllayoffs in the West.....And Indiana would be a 7 or 8 seed at best....
wkdavis85::I just hope that the Thunder catch a bad match up and bad luck in the playoffs and the Grizz don't even have to worry about playing them. I don't see any other team beating Memphis best of 7 if the Grizz are all healthy.
Griss13ears::As a grizzlies fan the Thunder is the only team I don't want to face in the 1st round. I'm hoping we can get it together quickly when Zach gets back....enough to at least get a 7 seed. Not too worried about anyone else....I think with our full team we match up pretty well with just about anybody.
ONEVOICE18::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NuYVTQfYQo
ONEVOICE18::Lenox Square Mall is the best mall to find CUTE GIRLS...TRUE OR FALSE???.. im coming over this weekend 3 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Flag  Edit
rhowe982::Warriors suck
NBA_refs_are_weak::thats one of the oddest stat lines ive ever seen. david lee with 7 offensive rebounds, to 2 defensive. thats nuts
Trev28nba::I would have to say the New Jersey-Pennsylvania state line is the oddest ones I've ever seen.
NBA_refs_are_weak::haha well done. fixed
z_man0789::it must be good to play for the hawks. low expectations from the fans, coach doesn't get mad about stupid play, nobody on the team tries hard so you don't look bad when you don't and...you get paid!
Noracer::Z-Bo will be back the first of March. So a late charging foul on March 7th won't even be a factor.
balltillifall_88::he is supposed to be starting full contact drills during the all star break. the good thing about zbo is, other than running up and down the floor, he doesnt really rely on athleticism. so you would ASSUME than he would be able to get in game shape quicker than most. cause his game is just positioning and size anyway. what stinks for zbo though is that he supposedly had his best off season this year as far as getting and staying in shape. he was working out with a college (memphis maybe? i forget) and said he went through a harder off season of work outs than he ever has before. and now all of that went down the drain. the good thing though is his injury caused the grizz to make a couple good pick ups. mo speights will be a GREAT backup in my opinion. and cunningham already is. and luckily we have a GREAT true point guard in conley who will be SURE that zach gets involved again, and often.  and PS, for any grizz fans, be sure to check out bleacherreport.com/memphis-grizzlies . they got some good stuff.
ONEVOICE18::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NuYVTQfYQo
utclindsay::When exactly is he coming back?? Let the countdown begin!!!
badcooky81::Hopefully he can get back in game shape quickly!
z_man0789::josh smith should never shoot a shot further than 2 feet away from the basket.
utclindsay::Go Sun Devils and Grizzlies!!!!
utclindsay::Yeah...A sun Devil leads my hometown team to a victory. How 'bout Lionel Hollins and James Harden.
nu life::Two nights in a row with a last second tip in off a Rudy Gay miss.  But hey, I'll take it.
Jun360::those should count as 2 assists for Rudy!
super_lintendo_101::AS USUAL CURRRY AND ELLIS PUT UP STATS AND THEY LOSE.
jzalvarado::actually no.. the Warriors have a winning record when Ellis puts up 20 or more points.  Losing record when he puts up 13 or less.. At least thats what the Memphis crew was saying on TV
tlee112582::You not going to win very much when you only have two guys score
jzalvarado::damn from what i saw tonight and what i saw last night.. the Grizzlies sure could use Grievez Vazquez
wkdavis85::Vasquez was only good for one thing in Memphis last year. Dribbling into the corner.
emthomasjr::Pargo is pretty slaw, but the problem with Vasquez was on the defensive end, and we were stocked with guards, thin with swings and bigmen.
Jun360::Vasquez is a gamer true grit and grinder but economics got in the way.  I wish him well in NOLA.
jpm70127::Hornets got a steal with Ayon on that cheap contract. He looks like he could turn into a 15 pt-10 reb kind of player if the Hornets keep giving him the minutes when Okafor come back from injury
tlee112582::We had and he blows
jpm70127::Coaching. Hollins wasnt going to give him that much pt over Conley, Mayo, and Tony Allen. He's ballin in N.O.
jzalvarado::no.. i would have said "damn from what i saw tonight and what i saw last night... the Grizzlies sure could use Gustavo Ayon" if that was the case.  Vazquez is Venezuelan
tlee112582::Your just saying that bc your mexican
jpm70127::Warriors need a Center bad. 2 points combined from Biedrins and Wright is ridiculous. Ellis and Curry drop nearly 70 points combined and GS still lose smh..Klay Thompson should've gotten more minutes. They should definitely at least be a .500 team if it wasn't for inconsistency at the 3 and 5
Griss13ears::You can have Hadadi. We'll take Monta.
jpm70127::They should trade for Chris Kaman. He isn't the long term answer, but he's better than what they have right now and could give you at least 15 points every night if he gets the minutes
yen2dayang::Warriors have needed a center for ages now. Always have a good to decent guard play.
dreamhax::wright is not a center. hahahahaha
jpm70127::I was talking about Biedrins. I included Wright bc he didnt do $@%! either
tlee112582::All of y'all are $@%!$@%! about that last call what about the foul they called on mark when that was clearly a charge and then the $@%!$@% t him up bc he made the worst call of the game
volfreak777::the moral of this story is the refs overall sucked tonight both ways
tlee112582::Are you serious $@%!$@% Hellen Keller could have made that call
dreamhax::did you not see the blocking foul on the previous play that should have been a charge? oh no you didn't because you have your homer goggles on.
dreamhax::just because gasol gets up and crys like a little fat baby doesn't mean its a foul though. players whine all the time in basketball.
dreamhax::shut up there was a charge that was called the other way the play before on the other end of the court.
ONEVOICE18::QUIT SPREADING RUMORS ABOUT CHICAGO HAVING HIGH GAY COMMUNITY...ONLY NEW YORK AND GOLDEN STATE IS KNOWN FOR SUCH PEOPLE..SO STOP SPREADING FALSE FACTS...
sfan92::Im serious when i say that this seasons nba has been the worst officiating i have seen by any proffesional sports league ever. Not only was david lee clearly pushed from behind the initial contact happened with over 3 seconds left the whistle was blown  with over 1.5 seconds left. Yet some how not only could they get the first right they couldn't put the clock to either of those times. I know they will never do this, but officials absolutely need to be fired this year or at least the people who are handling officials need to go.
joespreads::its a fixed league the over under was 98 for 2nd half thats why they didnt call it
jzalvarado::I never realized Terrence Howard was the best 3 point shooter statistically in the NBA.  Another 2-2 in 3 pointers tonight.  Shame he (or any other Warrior for that matter) isn't in the 3 point contest
greenmiamicat::If Dorell gets a bucket Warriors win.
FriscoWarriors415::Wright was boxing out no one when allen was in front of him. Why is wright in at that time of game?
ernie_ballz::How about if someone boxed out Allen they would have won.
lightbulbthinh::The ref doesnt like the warriors and the raiders
jzalvarado::Fellow Warriors fans complaining about that last call obviously tuned in for the last three minutes of the game.  THese referees have been atrocious on both sides since opening tipofff.  The NBA hates small market teams ;)
mrRYNOman::yep biedick needs to go.
FriscoWarriors415::Yea. We definatly need to get rid of our GM. So much things we need to do and couldnt because of the lock out. And give mark jackson some time. He is going to make curry a good point guard. We are a center away from being really good
ernie_ballz::All this could have been avoided by boxing out Tony Allen.
FriscoWarriors415::The NBA really hates the warriors. How are they not going to put curry or rush or thompson in the 3 point contest? Warriors need to do something. Make a big trade.
jzalvarado::u really trust Larry Riley with a 'Big Trade'...
BowFlexTCTGP::Boy asks, "Granny, have you seen my pills, they're marked LSD". Granny replies, "F.uck the pills, have you seen the dragon in the kitchen?!"
PacTenJunkie::you hunt?
BowFlexTCTGP::My name has nothin to do with the exercise machine.. Jus sayin
PacTenJunkie::BowFlex sucks. Free weights all the way
greenmiamicat::0 pts? Dorell's game check needs to be donated to kids touched by Sandusky.
PacTenJunkie::Where was Klay Thompson?
ernie_ballz::Sleeping on the bench.
Dominic10002::The Mark Gasol call was the worst call i have ever seen.
dreamhax::why because he whined like a baby? what about the call before that against the warriors? both plays were charges though.
emthomasjr::Nah, because it was a $@%! poor call.  I can't see how a ref misses one this easy to get right, but then falls for some of the more ridiculous flops ever acted out on the NBA stage.  What is so hard to interpret about lowered shoulder striking defender square in sternum?  No judgement is needed to get it right.
greenmiamicat::Warriors have talent...they just need a coach... and Dorell Wright sucks
ernie_ballz::They have talent but it's not well rounded.  Too much O and not enough D.
sfan92::CLOSE! To many guards and forwards. No centers. They have 1 center on their roster and he has completely regressed mentally, (at this point in jeremy tylers career i would call him a power forward).
jzalvarado::The reason Dorrell and Biedrins suck is that Mark Jackson SUCKS... give them a competent coach and they'll play to their strenghts
FriscoWarriors415::I dont think so. Biedrens is hella soft. All wright can do is set up and shoot the ball. He cant drive in. He pump fakes when there is no one on him. I dont see how these players have a team to be on. I hate watching them play.
dreamhax::true. no. and no.
Titans Yemen::By monday Grizz will be top 10th .
infamous122::and by tuesday the warrior will be 14th in the west
badcooky81::I hope that's the end of the TAMs uniforms.  It's confusing when they wear them at home.
emthomasjr::All they need is the white knee high socks with the two green stripes and one yellow stripe.
Griss13ears::That would be so boss.
Titans Yemen::They need to get back the blue uniforms.
badcooky81::We lost the two before that.  Maybe three.
royboy1978::We've won the last two game with those unis.  If they help us  win, then I say keep them.
rharder444::Never wear them again.
badcooky81::Oh, and because they're ugly.  And overdone.
LBJ is 1::grizz get away wit a line violation and then that BS man
badcooky81::11th*.....but still
royboy1978::Typo on my end.  Just made the change.
kismetproductions::have the Griz ever won an NBA title??  NO!!!  they suck so STF&gt;U
royboy1978::What does us not winning a title in our 11th year of playing in Memphis has to do with anything?
royboy1978::Just like the OF on Gasol and the technical call afterwards.  Refs suck but not the Grizz!!!!!!!
LBJ is 1::Even though the grizz clearly won that was still a bad call i would rather them not blow the whistle
PacTenJunkie::Wow. As a Portland fan, when Curry and Ellis drop 36 and 33 and you still lose... there is a problem. Better make some trades. Need another big man.
jzalvarado::we'll take Batum and.or aldridge off your hands GLADLY
PacTenJunkie::haha BATUM is so money. Never
dreamhax::they couldn't hit a shot in the first quarter though. thats what killed them.
PacTenJunkie::You're right, 1st quarter hurt
greenmiamicat::At least you guys beat Chicago and Miami...
ernie_ballz::Miami would wipe their *sses with GS in a series.
Griss13ears::Oh for real? That why you went 1 - 1 last year? Lost 5 out of the last 8? Keep talking sh!t. The east is terrible. Get bent you piece of garbage.
ernie_ballz::Indeed
LBJ is 1::They would whoop Memphis $@% alot worse though
lightbulbthinh::and NY
PacTenJunkie::NY was a joke.
lightbulbthinh::another bad call against the warrriors
mac487::Bad calls on both sides. Refs may make the wrong call but hitting shots and playing defense wins the game.
ernie_ballz::Yea blame the refs, who boxed out Tony Allen on the Gay miss? LOL
ernie_ballz::Who's team?  I'm a Heat fan. I just don't like the Warriors lol.
LBJ is 1::I hate ppl who cant admit it was a bad call cause their team won
nu life::Love u grizz, but continue to lose 23 &amp; 18 point leads, and it's going to bite cha.  Thanx for the win, regardless how u got it.
royboy1978::Tab still open.  I almost used it from the earlier game today, but I forgot that I quit drinking for about 10 years now.
jzalvarado::as I said that last call was a makeup call BUT that Marc Gasol foul was pretty much the worst call ive seen all year so in the end it all evens out.
Titans Yemen::WTF last time i was watching the score the end of the first qtr. Why Grizz only won by one point they w'r up 18 point?
dreamhax::bc they got outplayed the rest of the game.
rharder444::That's the NBA though.
iwipeurbutt::Why can't Rudy Gay make a free throw when it counts?
badcooky81::Just ask Darius Washington :/
iwipeurbutt::This time
scrapnice::dont matter.....we won
infamous122::the warrior will never ever win a champion without playing defense so that is the next 1000
kismetproductions::too bad you will never win in the NBA Finals where it is the only place that matters
FriscoWarriors415::Bad calls always go against the dam warriors in the final seconds of the game. This is bullsh!t
sfninergiant510::like it makes a difference still wont sniff 500
lightbulbthinh::bs! just like the raiders
dreamhax::i know man. i don't mind when the warriors lose but when they lose from bad calls, i can't stand it.
pixsxr_69::BAM memphis 1-10
dreamhax::the NBA is the worst league in all of sports. whats up with these half $@%!$@%! refs?
greenmiamicat::Roy has a potty mouth
tideprankster::i've been trying to get on to him about that
greenmiamicat::yeah it's going to get him in a world of trouble lol
jzalvarado::I blame Nate Robinson for this loss
ernie_ballz::LMFAO @ David Lee!  What a clown
Tsu_Surf::Im over it already :)
LBJ is 1::Quiet u troll
jzalvarado::F.UCKEN NBA League Pass!  I swear the final buzzer sounds and they cut off the f.ucken game.  At least let them get to the on the floor postgame interviews.  F.ucken 45 bucks a month im paying for this $@%!
