AllAboutBearsBulls::Congrats on shooting 13 for 51 on the floor, you hog... The two biggest hogs in basketball Durant and Westbrook
I_Like_My_Own_Comments_So_I_Can_Find_Them_Later::The Thunder have to address some issues before the trade deadline. Yeah, they have the best starting 5 hands down... but Collison and K-Mart are the only 2 solid bench players, that needs to be fixed.
kidplay44::Players always want to blame the refs when their team loses to a really good opponent..SMH...you just lost so deal with it and move on...Play better next time...thats what I love about the "Thunder" they never blame anyone or make excuses for their lost.  I wish other palyers and teams will do the same thing and be a professional about it.....Shawn Marion
theDH24::"Your career high is only 52? Hahahahahahahahahaha!"   -Kobe
ThunderHornz::Pretty sure Durant won't rape a woman in Denver.....so you are right-he will never equal Kobe.
4 Petes Sake::With all the Heat and Lakers trolls in here , you can tell how much KD threatens  Kobe and Lebron nutslobberers.  Keep goin KiD Clutch.
ThunderHornz::SilkySmooth!
Beanslams46::But if Kevin D. really wants to be KOBE-ESQUE, he will have to do it in the Playoffs. MOST PLAYOFF POINTS SCORED PAST DECADE: (AND KOBE WITH MOST CHAMPIONSHIP BLING TO BACK IT UP) -- 1 	Kobe Bryant 	4,053 2 	Shaquille O'Neal 	3,359 3 	Tim Duncan 	3,143 4 	Dirk Nowitzki 	2,472 5 	Richard Hamilton 	2,467 6 	Chauncey Billups 	2,357 7 	Tony Parker 	2,300 8 	Rasheed Wallace 	1,907 9 	Allen Iverson 	1,883 10 	LeBron James 	1,761
DanNYC2108::that is an old list. lebron has well over 3,000 playoff points
DanNYC2108::gotcha
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::not my list, i just assumed that he meant 2000-10 when he said the past decade.
Beanslams46::OK, the list is the past decade beginning at 2000 and where Kobe was declared the NBA PLAYER OF THE DECADE by the NBA's sanctioned Poll in 2010.
DanNYC2108::well then you need to explain your list better, i figured it was over the last 10 years
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::From 2000-10? I don't think so.
Kevin396ss::Joe Johnson &gt; Kobe  Wade &gt; Joe Johnson and Kobe
theDH24::Only a true imbecile would say that
oblique15::Yeah, Wades better then Kobe  but Lebron gets no help  you Heat fans make me laugh
DanNYC2108::So i guess he just likes to say stupid things then run away?
DanNYC2108::in what way is joe johnson better than kobe?
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::I think this list is about who sucks the most dick.
Beanslams46::Here is what Kevin Durant grasps for. MOST REGULAR SEASON POINTS SCORED PAST DECADE: KOBE WITH MULTIPLE CHAMPIONSHIPS: KOBE, THE DECADE CHAMPION! -- 1 	Kobe Bryant 	21,671 2 	Dirk Nowitzki 	18,931 3 	Allen Iverson 	18,657 4 	Paul Pierce 	17,905 5 	Vince Carter 	17,153 6 	Kevin Garnett 	16,484 7 	Tim Duncan 	16,246 8 	Tracy McGrady 	16,043 9 	Ray Allen 	15,949 10 	Antawn Jamison 	15,453
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::dirk-1 title iverson-0 pierce-1 title carter-0 garnett-1 title mcgrady-0 allen-1 title jamison-0  multiple?
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::got it
Beanslams46::Meant, MOSTLY the Black Mamba.
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::lulzangeleslakers101 - I'll give him 2 rings; but only 1 MVP is embarassing lol.   Edit: We all know 3 of those rings were shaq's. -------------------------- So LeBron's 1* ring is Bosh and Wade's?
oblique15::Fact: Wade has a ring without Lebron Fact: Lebron has 0 rings without Wade
DanNYC2108::yes, thats a fact. but it doesn't change the fact that lebron is obviously the best player on the heat.
DanNYC2108::how do you figure? he was clearly the best player
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::Same reason that I look past traveling never getting called. I like the game.
DanNYC2108::i don't understand why you would bother watching the nba if you think it is rigged
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::I'm not a Celtic's fan by any means. I'm a Laker fan and personally hate the Celtics. Doesn't mean that I like to watch games get rigged. Not even 2002 when the NBA gave us a ring.
lulzangeleslakers101::^well to be fair celtics are cry-baby $@%!$ that complain whenever refs actually enforce the rules.   See yesterdays game vs the Bulls.
DanNYC2108::its more legit than assuming hundreds of people are in on a conspiracy to rig an NBA game
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::LeBron &amp; Wade shoot more ft's than the entire Celtic's team....seems legit.
DanNYC2108::stop being such a cry baby, it really makes you look foolish
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::Nothing clever about the truth. The Heat never make it past the Celtics without Stern rigging that series. See game 2.
DanNYC2108::good one, you're so clever.
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::False, the Heat's best player was Joey Crawford.
lulzangeleslakers101::No because he out-performed BOTH Bosh and Wade.  Look at Shaq's #'s in all those first 3 rings.   It was ALLLLLLLLLLL Shaq in those.
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::His defensive presence was huge for them as well. Pippen/Jordan had Horace Grant and Dennis Rodman for their two 3-peats. So I don't classify them quite the same way as Shaq/Kobe. Though, even with that being said they are still probably the best duo by a long shot.
lulzangeleslakers101::I will agree that Shaq probably wouldn't have won 3 but he WOULD have won 1 or 2 WITH or without Kobe. Kobe's stats were good, but the rbing power of Shaq and point production was the biggest reason why the early 2000 lakers were good.   Edit: P.S. Pippen/Jordan did more than any other duo.
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::I said possibly. Malone/Stockton, Pippen/Jordan, Magic/Kareem, etc and so forth are all great duos. I'll admit that Shaq was the bigger reason that they won those, but I still don't think that he'd have won 3 straight without Kobe's help. 60/40.
lulzangeleslakers101::^lol hell no that was MJ and Pippen.   BUT that is besides the point.   The point is that the credit for those first 3 should be given WAAAAAAAAAAAAAY more to Shaq than to Kobe.
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::Shaq was extremely dominant those years, but I still don't see how that takes anything away from Kobe. They were possibly the greatest 1-2 punch in NBA history.
lulzangeleslakers101::^Who led the team in rbs and scoring?   exactly...  Kobe was #2. Shaq was #1. facts are facts
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::Shaq had exactly how many rings before Kobe?
lulzangeleslakers101::^lol the $@%! Shaq doesn't.   Shaq was averaging like 12-14rbs per game in the playoffs those years with like 30ppg.   Only reason Kobe even got to shoot that many was because of shaq's RBS.   Edit: Regardless Shaq was #1 in those games. Kobe was #2. END OF STORY.
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::Kobe averaged around 25 ppg in those Finals, with the exception of the 1st one. That doesn't include the path to the Finals either. Shaq doesn't win those without Kobe and Kobe doesn't win those without Shaq.
Melo the best ever...to advance from 1st round only once::durant:  you know why i'm so skinny?  because westbrook never feeds me the ball.
lulzangeleslakers101::Isn't Westbrook averging like 8 assists? Mostly by passing to Durant?
taste.the.rainbow.24::best player in the game
Beanslams46::Several more monster games of 52 and Durant could become like the legendary Black Mamba!
lulzangeleslakers101::lol wtf would he want to become a shot-jacker?
lulzangeleslakers101::lol oh you don't have to tell me that Kobe took credit for those.   Except any true basketball/NBA fan can read the stat sheets and watch the games to know who was the leader of the pack in LA.
Beanslams46::You don't have to give Kobe anything, he already took FIVE.  Kobe 5 Shaq 4 others....
lulzangeleslakers101::I'll give him 2 rings; but only 1 MVP is embarassing lol.   Edit: We all know 3 of those rings were shaq's.
Beanslams46::Then you understand Kobe's 30K points WITH 5 Bling is mightily impressive.
lulzangeleslakers101::^@ Beanslam  Yeah I mean like that.   lol its not like I lebron or anything anyway. Doesn't hurt me 1 bit rofl.
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::Especially, since they already have one of those. His name is Westbrook.
Beanslams46::you mean like lebron's 20k points and only 1* ring to show for it?
The Real 2012 NBA Finals MVP Shane Battier::"52 points, that's cute."  ~Kobe Bryant~
KnickCityBro::Maybe if I bit.ch and moan, I'll make it as an 8th seed.   -Kobe Byrant
_StraightHoops.com_::Thus guy might hold all the scoring records before he's done
lulzangeleslakers101::lol he's good but he isn't THAT good.   It will take a miracle for him to pass MJs scoring records.
jeremyG1995::I couldn't hear Lebron's call cause it had no ring!!!
oblique15::He could put up 52 easy other nights , if Westbrook passed him the ball more
taste.the.rainbow.24::all he does is give it to durant, and pass it to teamates behind him on the fast break just so he can get an assist..anyone can avg. 7+ assists doing that
jeremyG1995::dude westbrook's doing great this year over 8 assists is good for a point guard
scottpilgrim33::Mavericks should've easily won this game. Durant played better than usual. He won't do that against us again. Bank
Championship Mouth::Lebron is the only player top 10 in points - assists - and fg% MVP
CrownTheKing6::Ill tell you what, Lebron has rarely if ever shot 13-31 from the field. Lebron scores 39 fairly quietly while KD, Kobe and Carmelo drop 40-45 while taking half the teams shots. Im not hating im a big Durant fan and think that boy can ball, but when it comes to efficiency, shooting or any other category not a person in this league can touch the bottom of Bron's shoes.
whittenburgh2::DURANT SHOOTS A HIGHER % IN CRUNCH TIME, WHEN IT MATTERS AND SHOOTS 52% COMPARED TO LEBRONS 54% THIS YEAR.  2 SHOTS OUT OF 100 NOT MUCH DIFFERENCE.
oblique15::What are you talking about, He doesnt even get to controll the ball with Westbrook
lmbsports2::The reason OKC is so good is because they find a way to close out games. That's exactly what championship teams do. The heat will not go to the finals this year because they think they can just turn on a switch in the playoffs but you guys watch they will get upset this year by someone
a13ny::I don't see LeBron getting 52
ndaba9044::werent they closing out games last yr? we've heard all of this before...blah lebron and the heat aint clutch KD is blah no big man...heat in 6. and i believe miami cant be beat when they play defense
Clueless Heat Fan::ur rite heat get the next 6 titles no question
ndaba9044::good performance from the 2ncd best player in the league!
whittenburgh2::LEBRON DID NOT PLAY LAST NIGHT DID HE?
jeremyG1995::ya your right he is just a notch behind Jeremy Lin
JAMEZ709::94 points at 50% in clutch time. Wow
AmazinGrapeOKC::Fiddy TWO on the MAVS!!!!!!! :)
ScoobyDouche::"The sex was real to me."  - Manti Te'o
James Harden 3 point Celebration::wrong board
ScoobyDouche::"The sex was real to me."  - Manti Te'o
YogaBeer::Don't have to be a fan of either team to know this game was great!   If you haven't seen it, watch the tape.
supe540::Both Bron and KD provide unique match up difficulties for their opponents.  Two most difficult players, currently playing, to defend.
AmazinGrapeOKC::I cant believe Heat fans are crying bout Durants free throw attempts  2006 NBA Finals ring any bells?????
raggy8292::plus most heat fans on here today weren't fans in 2006
raggy8292::both we're too much. Lebron get's babied by the refs more than durant does. Dude travels several times a game.
4 Petes Sake::Out of last years FINALS matchup, who had more Finals experience teamwise?
Boomtown405::And nazr
klew911::Technically, probably the Thunder since they had Fisher and Perkins.  Fish has been in about 7 or 8 finals.
klew911::Kobe's chance at one last scoring title is about to go down the toilet.  KD is about to take charge, win another  scoring title, win the MVP and maybe beat the Heat in the NBA Finals.
raggy8292::13 for 30 somthing isnt taking charge lol. I guess thats what a great scoring performance is these days
raggy8292::I'd rather Durant took the shots over his teammates as well. I can't remember a lot of bad shooting nights where kobe had 50. Just don't like people bragging about this 52. And i'm really just stressing how bad the refs are in this league. I wish they could call a fair game.
klew911::That's just a scoring mentality.  Some nights are good and some nights are bad in regard to shooting percentage. I've seen Kobe shoot a lot worse on many occassions and he keeps on shooting.  I'd rather have Durant taking the shots over anybody else on the Thunder.
AmazinGrapeOKC::The Trifecta :)
AmazinGrapeOKC::He gets a taste of one.....and the league is in serious trouble
klew911::Possibly.  Bron has reigned as the best player for a long time.  Now I think it is Durant's time.  Bron wasted too many years in Cleveland with Mike Brown and Danny Ferry.  KD is about to win multiple titles, as in 4 or 5.
raggy8292::Kobe only took 20 free throws in his 81 point game
4 Petes Sake::Do you realize that they had to FORCE the game through Kobe for him to get those 81?
raggy8292::they we're losing pretty badly that first half of that game. Whatever they did, they needed his scoring to win the game. My point is more an attack on the refs than on durant or any players. Theres no way durant was fouled that many times
raggy8292::not much of a point there. But it bothers me that he took 21 free throws and only made 13 shots for a 51 point game. Basically the refs $@%! me off not durant. I was upset about dwade record braking amount of free throws in the playoffs the year he won the ship like 7 years ago. It bothers me when players travel all the time and never get called for it(Something Lebron does quite often). Basically, I think the refs in the NBA make the league so much worse. And I'm a huge fan. So many people don't watch the league just because of the terrible officiating
Treydey10::I thought Wade should have shot way more free throws than he did in the 2006 finals.
AmazinGrapeOKC::whats your point?
tjohnson115::Durant was still -1 for his +/-
AmazinGrapeOKC::Stat geeks whining about KD's plus minus SMH  He hit the game winner you fool
BlazersWar::just one question, would OKC really have a chance last night when Dirk was healthy and 100% ? I mean a win is a win, but seeing that the Mavs' centerpiece is ailing from injury and that game goes to OT, OKC fans shouldn't talk too much trash imo
AmazinGrapeOKC::If my aunt had testicles she'd be my uncle  Whats your point exactly????
BlazersWar::I'm just rewatching the game ... it's hilarious !!!
AmazinGrapeOKC::Refs make the Mavs miss layups too???
BlazersWar::yeah, back it up with ref support
AmazinGrapeOKC::yea.....and we back it up
BlazersWar::you talk too much trash
Daboozy78::32-8 should answer ur question
BlazersWar::nope, what does the season record have to do with this single game with a struggling Dirk? OKC was lucky on that one - but I agree, they're the best team right now
AmazinGrapeOKC::32-8  Harden who???? :)
Daboozy78::lol...for everyone one of this 8 losses ppl say... it would be nice to have had harden!!!   lol  Ya right
oblique15::I like OKC  but they depend on Durant and Westbrok to much  If they cool off in any series, they will lose
4 Petes Sake::-Said a MILLION trolls last season when they went to the Finals.
Gordoc0303::it was harden that went cold.  Durant and russ did fine
oblique15::yeah, they got cold  against Miami  No troll, I like OKC
Daboozy78::Yep... only Miami embarrassed them
AmazinGrapeOKC::We might be getting JJ Barea.........interesting
nba is the worst::For Perk?
4 Petes Sake::Likely Perk plus more.
AmazinGrapeOKC::draft picks
mantiteosfakegf::Darko Milicic &gt; Lebron Jones
4 Petes Sake::very original name
mantiteosfakegf::I really am Lennay Kekua
naija82::13-31FGA, 21FT  -------SMH
dennis580::An amazing 21-21 from the line; 52 points on only 13 makes you cann't get any more dominant. On every make KD averaged 4 points. That is dominance.
lmbsports2::field goal percentage means jack. i wanna see what a guy will do for me in the closing minutes and nobody does it better in the NBA than KD baby!
AmazinGrapeOKC::52pts + the game winner in OT??  keep shaking your head....in amazement :)
4 Petes Sake::Wow.  You are like, the first person to say that!!  OMG!!!
AmazinGrapeOKC::I've figured out why OKC has so many trolls. Its the worst nightmare of all contending teams for OKC to win a chip. If KD. Russ and Ibaka get even  taste of a championship.....its a wrap for the league for years to come.  I'd be scared too if I was fan of a team like the Spurs. Duncan should retire that same day if it happens
nba is the worst::"If" - just like the pathetic heat fans always say
AmazinGrapeOKC::It WILL happen......be very afraid
BlazersWar::hey Grape, you talkin too much about all that stuff, wait till they win something ...
Rondo would beat up RIP Hamilton::OKC is so fun to watch...
Rondo would beat up RIP Hamilton::Wade &gt; Melo  Better defense &amp; better FG%.
BlazersWar::Wade better flopper for sure
nba is the worst::Way more cheapshots too
MyteamwillbeNBAChamps::better defense too
MyteamwillbeNBAChamps::im at work not really paying attention
MyteamwillbeNBAChamps::oh didnt see u put that lol
Rondo would beat up RIP Hamilton::...
Boomtown405::why do people think a ring makes lebron the best?  His team was the best sure but not without a lot of weight pulled by chalmers and miller..  KD averaged 30 in the finals..  the loss was really on harden and okc supporting cast not durant..  IMO durant is better than lebron.  A ring is a team effort.
MyteamwillbeNBAChamps::Durant was a liability on defense in the Finals... they put him on Chalmers in the last game
Shareef1987::LeBron was the best before the ring.  Now it's not even close.  KDs time will come.
Treydey10::Durant was great offensively, but he was really bad defensively against the Heat in the finals.
Rondo would beat up RIP Hamilton::exactly
Rondo would beat up RIP Hamilton::Durant isnt better. His defense isnt all that great like LeBron's either.
AmazinGrapeOKC::Agree. Harden shows up in any game......okc wins
manimarf09::KD might be better than LeBron.
Shareef1987::Ummmm no
Rondo would beat up RIP Hamilton::I'm not from Boston LOL
Rondo would beat up RIP Hamilton::No
roastbeafman87::manimarf09 - because LeBron is more like Bird, and you're from Boston. I can see your reasoning.  WTF?
manimarf09::because LeBron is more like Bird, and you're from Boston. I can see your reasoning.
Rondo would beat up RIP Hamilton::Who would win in a playoff series OKC vs Clips
nba is the worst::Clippers - deeper team, way more consistent PG
nba is the worst::That depends on the coach
561soldier::If you knew much about the NBA is that the bench does not matter as much come playoff time. Starters play more minutes for every team.
AmazinGrapeOKC::OKC....thats a clown question bro :)
roastbeafman87::Obviously OKC has a better scorer leading their team, but LA does allow fewer points.
4 Petes Sake::rockhunter45 Do a little research. Both Dirk and Kobe have had games where they have taken more FTs than that ...  Are you saying they had more attempts but less made, or more attempts and made all of them too?
rockhunter45::Neither. Just laughing at Dirk complaining about KD getting unfair number of FTs when he has had games where he's taken more than that
AmazinGrapeOKC::perfect from the line with over 20 attempts....only done 3 times in NBA history Nique Dirk Durant
nba is the worst::When?
AmazinGrapeOKC::I said that
nba is the worst::Most free throws made, none missed, game 23-Dominique Wilkins, Atlanta vs. Chicago, December 8, 1992
AmazinGrapeOKC::nope :)
4 Petes Sake::I was gonna say, KD is second only to Nique on that list.  Theyve had it plastered on ESPN since last nights game.
Rondo would beat up RIP Hamilton::I believe Wade went 21 for 21 once back in 2009 i think
roastbeafman87::The video and audio are WAY off in the highlights clip.
Shareef1987::If LeBron didn't play basketball, Durant would definitely be the best player in the league right now.  His time will come in about 3 years.
Major Factuh::If ifs were fifths we'd all be drunk.  dumb
AmazinGrapeOKC::I say by next year
Shareef1987::He definitely will......in 3 years
AmazinGrapeOKC::he'll be 29 too....yikes!!!  Durant will catch him :)
Shareef1987::LeBron will still be in his prime.  He's too well rounded.
CamROY113::21 for 21 from the line?  You can't be serious with that.  It's OKC's time, they are far and away the best in the West, no disrespect to the Clips.
nba is the worst::Far and away?  They lead the clips by 1 game, not even half way through the season
sternshot44::its impressive that he didnt miss a single freethrow but its a joke he shot that many to begin with. durant goes to the line every time someone even breathes on him
rockhunter45::Do a little research. Both Dirk and Kobe have had games where they have taken more FTs than that ...
Major Factuh::nope, 21 for 21 from the line.  seasons over, give'm the crown...
Rondo would beat up RIP Hamilton::Durant will reach 20K points this season.
AmazinGrapeOKC::Im really loving the OKC hate.....shows how far we've come as a team :)
AmazinGrapeOKC::I most certainly was
Rondo would beat up RIP Hamilton::You weren't a fan until they had a winning season.
