WAYNE-TRAIN::22-6.5-4.6 per 36. Irving = best PG in the NBA
LakersWorldChamps16X::Luke Walton can't even get in the game in Cleveland ??? Just gets paid to drink Gatorade and watch NBA games frontrow! Unreal.
JLobello4::Irving will be a stud
sportsguy3337::he already is
Toomersforever::good win for the hawks.  well played game by the cavs.  Go Hawks
brutang77::Honestly, I'm not just saying this because I'm a Cavs fan... but Irving has to be one of the most clutch players in the league. Can't wait to see what this kid is doing in a couple years. I think he is almost having a better rookie season than Lebron did.
socalmom45::surly Luke passed the physical .... .has his $@% moved off the bench yet??
ChiefWahoo1995::Last night game shows the Cavaliers are on the right track.  A couple more players they are a top four team on the East.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_40_LakeCounty-Sentinel.com-Cavaliers-stopped-Hawks-in-overtime-103-102-03-21-2012
NBAPlayoffs2012::When Al Horford returns Hawks are gonna be trouble in the playoffs  and ESPN needs to put Josh Smith in the defensive player of the year watch!! he's easily top 5 defensive player.!!
lebron is bald::Hawks? they are what they are...not a championship team
Trackstar447::The hawks aint doin $hi+.
mikeyp2307::you gotta love how trolls come hours after the game is over. too scared to show their faces during the game.
duke of aledo::The Hawks need to get D. Howard bad.They can afford him and have the means for a trade.
I81OICU812::Man.....  It looks like Ramon Sessions might turn out to be the Jeremy Lin of the West.................
Jg2.o::Thanks for Sessions you idiots!!!
CTownHiLo::thanks for the draft pick you idiots! We got it for a player who wouldn't have re-signed with us. And we have a starting PG already.
cofcrules09::843 pride!
mikeyp2307::sessions isnt that good idiot!!!
vickfan770::OT to beat the cavs      Lol
vickfan770::ii hate this team so much somteimes
theyorkallday::NBA players draft, all players are eligible... lebron goes #1 kobe goes late, wall goes #9 blake goes #6 full draft: http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
dgreen978::Unless Dwight is not a man of his word, I see dwight staying in Orlando.  Funny thing is this, if the playoffs started today, Orlando vs Atlanta in the first round.  The key to beating Orlando is stay on their 3 point shooters; take that away and they lose most nights although Howard gets his.
theprodctz::Hawks fans need to start petitioning for Dwight... he's from the ATL, he'd revive the franchise and fill up those empty seats!!
OH4life::damn right when u think cleveland is going to win........seen this a lot, but was nice to see the new guys.  rotations were perfect.......i think the right guys got their minutes about time!
pako1008::hawks sucks
dmankyser::29-9-9-3 wow, irving had an excellent game, itll be exciting to see this team develop, they already got alot of first rounders, the best gm in basketball, and an owner that cares about winning, i dont think theyll make the playoffs this year but theyre in a great situation and they should be a playoff team next year with a few players from this deep draft.
CTownHiLo::They are starting to do things right. They have Irving who is just plain awesome - no denying it. Great foundation player. But, everything else is a bunch of IF's. IF gee continues to mature, IF Tristan reaches his potential, IF they get the right picks in this deep draft. Still exciting though. Owner unafraid to spend money, great coach who has them competing then they are clearly outclassed. Fun to watch for a change.
DrueLife::The Hawks really don't play any more tough games.  Maybe they ride a wave of confidence into the playoffs
i liked this comment::isn't the weather nice
Pinkycuh::Is it me or is this the same cavs that dropped 4-6 after being so happy about beating  OKC ? Lol, still out the playoffs.
ndorow25::^^^ THIS. The Cavaliers are going through what every young team goes through at some point.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Season's got ups and downs. Highlights and lowlights.
babaganoosh7492::Same team, dude.  There's only one Cavs in the NBA.
CandySparker::Hawks Lotta Love!
J-SMOOVE2035::LETS CRUSH THOSE $@%!$@% NETS!!!!!!!!!!
J-SMOOVE2035::This game almost felt like that Nuggets game all over again.  Zaza misses the layup and Hinrich makes a stupid play.  Thank god we got the W.  Only 19 games to go until the playoffs.  COME BACK HORFORD!!!!!!!!!
i liked this comment::i think it is funny to read lakers comments of laker fans $@%!$@%! and moaning and telling mike brown how to coach.....lol, highlarious
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Microwaved gum is really good
bearpatrol3::Tristian Thompson was a reach. just because he was drafted 4th does not make him that kind of player
CTownHiLo::yeah way to early on TT. Not sure I would have drafted him but if not him then who else?
sa330206::Yeah he's not bad.  It's still early too.
KingGeorge53::what a sad, sad little girl you are.
yata9arasu::He will be okay.  In his prime probably averages a double double with 2-3 bpg.  A solid player maybe a few all star games.
SRStark20::Well. It's time for me to head to bed for the night. It's been great talking with you fellas tonight.  Good game Hawks fans. You guys seem to not be as... dickish, as most of the other fans I see on here.   Nice game tonight Cavs, Kyrie was awesome.  See you guys when the next Cavs game rolls around.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Be good...or don't get caught.
yata9arasu::Very good fans from Atlanta.  Suns fans are the best though but they are still awesome!  Good night!  GO CAVS!
JHCASHION88.1::Looking ahead to this draft...I think the best realistic combo for cleveland would be Bradley Beal/Lamb with the first pick and Ezili out of vandy with the second   Then have a starting lineup of PG. Irving  SG. Beal/Lamb SF-Gee PF-Tristan Thompson C- Ezili
stevenkore::Laker fan here, but I'm rooting for Cleveland to turn this thing around.  Irving is the real deal - love that dude's game - and with a couple smart draft pics and signings, they'll be in the mix in the next couple of years.  Screw LeBrick...
tigersfangoldandblue::That's a good college team right there.
bearpatrol3::Wow Kobe Bryant is really raping the Lakers salary cap this year.
SeKeMe::when the new tax system kicks in for the 2013/14 season lakers gonna amnesty him
stevenkore::Obviously, the Lakers won't amnesty Kobe.  He puts butts in the seats and they'd still have to pay his $30mil salary.  Not to mention, he would then be able to sign with another team for virtually nothing if he chooses.  So, no, they won't amnesty him.  However,  he will make it very difficult for the Lakers to compete with the best teams in the NBA over the next couple of seasons.  And, it will be the primary reason that Pau is traded this offseason for a combination of replacement power forward/ cap relief.
-LOS LAKERS::That You Dan Gilbert! for giving us Ramon Sessions &amp; helping us get rid of Luke Walton
CTownHiLo::thanks for the pick - so instead of watching Sessions sign with another team next year and have nothing to show for it we have ANOTHER draft pick.
sa330206::Yeah it's me.. Ryan Hollins.
i liked this comment::that you?
KingGeorge53::Come to think of it, this is how we ended up with Kyrie Irving last year.    He wasn't our pick.     Grant traded Mo Williams for Kyrie Irving.    That worked out pretty good.
KingGeorge53::I'll say if for him, "You're welcome and thank you for the 1st round pick."
SRStark20::I don't think Walton has even played yet. I hate him so much haha
yata9arasu::Thank you for the draft pick!
SRStark20::Well.  In the past week or so, we've lost Ramon Sessions, Christian Eyenga, and Ryan Hollins.  Sessions, I wish you the best of luck, although the Lakers... aren't my favorite team in the league. I see you being a solid starting PG for the Lakers for a few seasons.  Eyenga/Hollins, well, they'll need some luck to become relavent again.
TheTristanShow::And Kapono!
-LOS LAKERS::First Row is the best!
i liked this comment::funny how the lakers game has 8 different links on first row, and the cavs are lucky to have two links...........smh
bearpatrol3::thats not funny. Its remarkable the Cavs have any links. They are boring
bearpatrol3::Why are cavs fans so insistant on putting Varejao on the bench. Do you have any idea how bad the center position is. Its even more remarkable that the cavs have a functioning one under contract. You'll be lucky if you ever draft a starting player again let alone finding a starting center with the lakers pick. Good god get a brain
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::He's INJURED!
KingGeorge53::If you actually watched the games instead of making an A$$ out of yourself, you'd realize he did play C this season.   However, the dude is a PF.
yata9arasu::He is great wherever you put him.....  So we won't find a starter with 4 draft picks in this deep draft....  Really?
SRStark20::It's almost eleven. Most of the trolls have been sent to bed by now.
_the REAL Gloria West::All these Lebron apologists on here tonight are too easy to poke the bear with lol
Grundlegrundle::Shake that bear!
yata9arasu::No doubt the most talented but besides a couple of moments he has not shown to be that clutch.
KingGeorge53::I think every Cavalier fan would recognize that LeBron JAmes is the most talented player in the NBA.    However, he can't get it done on the floor in the 4th.    Kyrie already has more game winners as a rook then LeBron has his entire career.
bearpatrol3::Lebron James is the best player in the NBA. fact. The cavs were lucky to have him and be relevant all those years. No need to apologise for greatness
-LOS LAKERS::WTF!? Jerry Stackhouse is back in the NBA???????
-LOS LAKERS::np.. Check out the Lakers game Sessions is lighting up the Mavs
SRStark20::Thanks for joining us good sir! Welcome to the board.
cland4ever::http://mlb.sbnation.com/2012/3/21/2891902/forbes-rankings-mlb-team-values-franchise-profits  yep our cleveland indians make the most money of any team and yet "we dont have the money to bring in free agents"
wiggyjet67::2012-2013 Cleveland Cavaliers  Pg: Kyrie Irving Sg: Bradley Beal (First round picks 4-10) Sf: Alonzo Gee Pf: Tristan Thompson C: Fab Melo (FIrst round picks 18-22; Lakers)  Bench: Varejao Gibson Casspi Sloan Harris Free agent (starter or bench)  Opinions????
JohnsonnnL::I think someone like Fab Melo would be a good fit. Without Varejao the Cavs have been getting beat up inside to easily by bigger teams.
wiggyjet67::Eventually...
SRStark20::Fab Melo wouldn't start over Varejao if Varejao was 42.
KingGeorge53::Andy is NOT a C.   Although he has played the position well when asked to do so.   But he's a PF.
TheTristanShow::Varejao on the bench?
KingGeorge53::possibly.   In fact, that's the hope.   That TT becomes the 4th overall pick that he is, to start.    Andy, when used off the bench is/was a marvel to watch.    With Scott's system, it's not like he'll only see a few minutes of playing time.
TheTristanShow::BTW everyone! Ramon is killing it tonight vs. The Mavs!
i liked this comment::lakers fans are really happy with him, they want him to start...........
KingGeorge53::no kidding!    He's their best pg right now.
KingGeorge53::good back-up pg.   I think we all would've loved to have kept him.   But we have to get better as well.
T.O.G.M.S.17::well time to chill and watch a movie. any ideas?
KingGeorge53::oo oooo   Anyone want to go see the Titan movie with me next week?   That looks like a killer movie.   literally.
T.O.G.M.S.17::ha have u seen the first one? i heard it wasnt any good
MeadBucky::taxi driver
T.O.G.M.S.17::aha! i need to see that still
JHCASHION88.1::Inglorious $@%!$@%!
T.O.G.M.S.17::seen
KingGeorge53::stooges!
T.O.G.M.S.17::im definitely gonna go see the new one
KingGeorge53::IT's coming out this week.   However, there are tons of old Stooges movies on the tube.
T.O.G.M.S.17::was there a movie?
trollingispathetic::The Running Man
T.O.G.M.S.17::haha good point. its been a while
trollingispathetic::Yeah, but have you seen it recently? Classic
T.O.G.M.S.17::seen
SRStark20::Ryan Hollins was honestly the most uncordinated player I have ever seen play the game of basketball ever. He couldn't catch the ball. He tried blocking shots like he was D12. Just... no.  He was a good personality, but not a good player. So long Ryan, maybe I'll see you on the Kings next year or something.
KingGeorge53::I liked the guy off the court.  Good man with the community and giving.   However, I've never seen such a huge person with such tiny hands.   My granny who weighed about 85 lb and 4'10 had bigger hands.
TheTristanShow::Maybe he will retire and become Austin Carr's personal assistant?
i liked this comment::where did he come from, who drafted him???? was he a walk-on????
MeadBucky::ucla. bobcats. dont think so
bearpatrol3::SWEET ZOMBIE JESUS. Look down. one cavs fan suggesting dwight howard would love to come to the cavs and another cavs fan saying "we dont need him"   HHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
yata9arasu::THAT IS HILARIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!  HAHAHAHAHA!!!!!  OF COURSE WE WANT HOWARD!
Pinkycuh::Howard don't want you
getz104::Cavs really need a nice 2 guard in the draft. I'm talking Jeremy Lamb
TheTristanShow::Beal
KingGeorge53::would be a huge improvement
bearpatrol3::Why would Dwight Howard want to sign with the Cavs when he could just as easily slam his own hand in a door until it falls off
trollingispathetic::Uhh, because they easily make the playoffs and possibly win more games next season then he would with the Magic. Cavs would be a good fit
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Why would you make posts like that when you can do the same?
JHCASHION88.1::IF Rivers leaves...which I dont think he will...but if he does...should the Cavs take him?
KingGeorge53::negative
T.O.G.M.S.17::i think rivers is more of a PG tho
SRStark20::Nah... I think he's going to be staying. He's really starting to fall in the projections.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::I wouldn't complain.
rockndoc2::NO
TheTristanShow::No. Too small to play with Kyrie
JHCASHION88.1::Well, Kyrie is kinda big for a PG...Kyrie is 6' 3" and Rivers is 6' 4"...anyway...Rivers seems to have that killer instinct that thrives in the NBA
cland4ever::i only have hope in the cavs.. indians and browns piss me off
cland4ever::i did believe in the tribe until i heard some reports today about forbes and how indians say they have no money to buy free agents but there number 1 in the league making the most profit of any team
T.O.G.M.S.17::better to be pissed off than pissed on
SRStark20::Give the Tribe a chance. We've got a shot this year.  Now the Browns... well... maybe in 2082.
SRStark20::Kyrie Irving is making the Cavs really fun to watch.  I'll be honest, last year, they weren't the hottest spot on my television screen. I mean, our best players were JJ Hickson and Baron Davis.
bearpatrol3::Taking all the shots in the 4th quarter is not a good thing. you dont suddenly cease being a point guard at the end of the game
KingGeorge53::keep flagging.
yata9arasu::HE HAD 9 ASTS 9 REB AND SCORED 18 OF 29 FOR THE CAVS IN 4TH AND OT....  MADE SO MANY SHOTS.  HE HAS NO TEAMMATES THAT CAN MAKE SHOTS.  HE HAS TO SCORE.
i liked this comment::blah blah blah
