chicago d rose::here
Tyler BarnesMNSports::sup!
azviking101::Anyone here?  I just checked my messages.  lol
Tyler BarnesMNSports::I'm here!
Tyler BarnesMNSports::I'm here
itsatrap123::Do you know who PMSJ told?
Peyton Mannings Sexy Jaguar::Tyler and AZViking. Dogs and Yonder/Chargersfan said that they knew it. Not sure how but that's okay with me.
itsatrap123::Yo PMSJ...did you see Cole Aldrich's dunk? Check it out on the Rockets/Hawks recap (11/2/2012). Crazy! Another Jayhawk doing well.
itsatrap123::HERE! Sorry I forgot to check my messages PMSJ.
Peyton Mannings Sexy Jaguar::Lol it's cool, I haven't really told people about this board or used it (as you can see) yet.
Peyton Mannings Sexy Jaguar::Here
wann66::ben gordon &gt; lebron james lol
vickyvnj::It means Miami is turning into a team of total chia pets. The Heat should trade Bosh for an old Patrick Sharp jockstrap.
strikesandgutters::Lucas getting revenge for the "were you standing there?" Dunk. Great game, this will be a great series if these two meet again in the ECF. Great game from both ends. Wade finished very strong, I think he is the Heat's closer. Where does Lebron go late in the 4th quarter? So strange. Great defense by Jimmy butler maybe, but you still expect Lebron to do some damage. either way great game by both teams, but the bench mob taking over is great to see.
Danny74068::Heat vs Sixers?  Both coming trying to bounce back after huge loses.  Miami's loss being bigger!! Who will win?  Will the Heat lose 5 straight Away Games?
BillKnebel::Just wanted to stop by the Heat Index and say "HA HA"
bostonshitkicksnewyork91::representing the real heat fans i will be the first to say that this was an amazing game tonight. The bulls took it to the heat and kudos to them. I hate lebron and wish we never took him cause our team has gotten nothing but $@%! since he came here. Nevertheless, this is going to be an amazing series one for the books imo
DaNewBee Knows::you don't represenl  REAL heat fans. If you did you would hav given James a second chance
buller23::John LucasIII  heart and will to win&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;lebrons PER
tbest23::Gibson by next year...better than Boozer and Bosh?  Discuss...
strikesandgutters::No. no. he is not better now, but his upside obviously is and defense of course is. but his jumper looked good wednesday night. obviously if his jumper starts looking better and he learns to handle the ball better and improve passing he is way above Boozer, but Boozer just brings so much to the offense in his passing and jump shooting when things stagnate for the bulls that you cannot get from very many PF's in the league. I like what the bulls have in Boozer and Gibson, and I like that Gibson has time to develop a little bit of an outside game before he has too much pressure put on him to perform night in and night out. Gibson is young, look for him to get to a few all star games before he retires if that J starts falling.
MemphisTigerzz::would be a starter for most teams... should be starting for da bulls imo
tlightner909::Taj is going to be a bona-fide all star.
A FoxyGrandpa::Gibson is better than Boozer right now.
Lord Of Da Bulls::He looks like a very young, raw KG Imo
superman253540::I feel like slapping a heat fan today
Alejandra7788::Slap, slap!!
A FoxyGrandpa::Who needs the BIG THREE when you've got the BIG III
29thrasher::Reg season or not, I dont care... If your a bulls fan last nights win was huge!!!!!!!
Taphawn::looking at the 2 games the heat played Magic, Bulls you can honestly see they are not gonna win this year .They really need a Down low player, with a rebound presence . the trades were crazy not to many good trades made. still asking how did the bulls win with Rose on the bench
diabolic0330::His name is Taj Gibson. Bulls play with heart, that's how they beat teams despite injuries. They also feel like the most disrespected elite team, so they just show people what's up on the court. I have a feeling they will go all the way to get their 7th title. It might seem like a little biased, but I haven't seen a team with this many injuries to key starters and bench players, yet they still continue to win. GO BULLS BABY!!!!
53Kevin::Heat Trolls b4 da game-"DROSE NOT PLAYING?WE GONNA ROLL THRU THOSE SUCKAS NOW!!!!!11HAHAHAHAHA!BULLS SUCK!  Now Heat Trolls afta the game-"'Man the Refs!We beat ya'll 5 in a roll,Man we shuda,coulda,woulda,"     S  T  F  U     Heat Troll!You got on here talked $@%! b4 da game,then get beat and wanna make excuse!You are a joke!!!!!
Raptorchitown::Hear that?                 ...crickets...
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Anyway, that was a good game, my heat lost. Thought the game was over when bulls were up 16. But it was exciting to see heat almost comeback. But it was to little to late. Lucas looked like a man on a mission. Good game Chicago.
mrwoods123::The Heat never really came back. They just got flukey 3s in the last 2 minutes.
RyanCarranza::Thank you Scarecrow...
Lord Of Da Bulls::John Lucas and delonte west both took a poop on a James last night..... :/
RyanCarranza::HAHAHAHA!!! That's horrible... But funny!
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::"Didn't you women want equal rights?" *punch* "Well, you got it!"  -Brandon Marshall to woman in club.
bpardo95::I don't know why I like Bears fans more then Bulls fan.. when they are the same fans.. maybe its the Rose thing.  Either way I wish the Bears luck and hope Marshall goes Beast mode for 100 catches 1500 yards and 20 tds.  I just cancelled my Fins season tickets because of the trade.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Tough to see him go, sometimes the dolphins blow my mind with their decisions, but as a dolphin fan i've gotten used to it.
chicagofan68::much more likely:  "oh, brandon marshall was at the club during that fight? let's say he punched me and get some money for it!"
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Of course it didn't happen the way I said it.
Dane Kitazaki::either way i wouldnt doubt it.  trouble just follows this guy
diabolic0330::Good for you.
IlliniDave68::For those who haven't seen this, yet -  http://espn.go.com/chicago/conversations/_/id/7689179/source-miami-heat-guard-dwyane-wade-father-ejected-united-center  Now we know where Dwayne gets it from.
RyanCarranza::Daddy is a flopper too!
ScalabrineSwag::No sign of gogo idiot and Heatster...interesting...
IlliniDave68::Naturally.
RyanCarranza::Of course not...
jared575757::No matter what team won last night , that teams fans would over react
RyanCarranza::Alright, to those of you who claim the refs helped the Bulls... That's crap.  When the Bulls lose because a ref missed a call or made a bad call, I am upset in the moment, but realize that if the Bulls executed better throughout the game then the ref could not have made a difference in the outcome.  So get over it... You guys lost to a team that was without the MVP.
Taphawn::i accept that good win for yal and sad look for us. we were suppose to get that win and magic but ol well you win some and got to loose some
RyanCarranza::Okay, to say that Rose "couldn't have had a more positive impact on the game" is also foolish.  You don't know that... Not one bit.  How is that even possible to predict with such confidence?  Did you ever think John Lucas would play the game of his life and produce like he did?  Of course not... So to say that Derrick wouldn't have been better or equal is foolish.
RyanCarranza::Well said!
bpardo95::No probs.. i was just trying to bring a little true basketball talk out.  If we both agreed completely I would have been a little scared.  Looking forward to a game where everyone is healthy (and Coach T forgets to put Noah on Bosh so he can have a good game!).  More important.. WHEN DO THE PLAYOFFS START
RyanCarranza::And we can end it there.  Good discussion.  Sorry if I got a little out of hand
Dane Kitazaki::yeah i agree.  thats why when a star goes out u look at points over replacement.  Last night Roses replacement played extremely well and was on fire.  He had a personal issue with the heat cutting him so he was on a mission.
RyanCarranza::This game was an exception... Who is more likely to have an exceptional game though? Rose or Lucas?
chicagofan68::nor can lucas, 9 times out of 10. the point being it was extremely unusual.
Dane Kitazaki::Its not foolish, Rose cant shoot like lucas did last night
bpardo95::Ryan... look at what Heat do best.  Protect the paint against driving defenders.  The pick and roll defense and paint defense is top notch.  What do they do not as well.. defend the three point line.  The situation was perfect for the bulls yesterday.. combined with 15 offensive rebounds...
RyanCarranza::So Rose could never do that either?  So therefore if Rose was in then the Bulls would have lost?
Dancing_Chalupa::You don't know if DRose would have been equal or better. He might have had a bad game. Other guys may not have gotten the shots they did. Nobody can answer that. Lucas had the game of his life. Other Bulls played good too. Bulls won.
Dane Kitazaki::Yes, rose never averaged 2 points a shot attempt
bpardo95::One could also say your team won because of a bunch of statistical anomalies that will end up regressing back to the mean over a 7 game series.
ChicagoFan2360::Bulls playing at slow pace &gt; Heat playing at fast pace.  Bulls are able to dictate the tempo of the game with hardnosed defense and rebounding. Something Miami does not have the capability to do.
chicagofan68::well, it's simply opinion at this point. either way, though, it's safe to say it'll be one hell of a series.
Dane Kitazaki::bpardo95- Yeah the Bulls totally outhustled the heat.  The heat looked like their legs were tired from the previous night and all of bosh's shots came off short.  But i agree this will not have any effect on a 7 game series.
bpardo95::I am accounting for Rose's presence in my thought process.  You also can't say well if Rose was in the Heat would have won.  That is just as stupid.  I don't think basketball is played in a vacuum.  As you said I am looking at the potential Heat/Bulls playoff series.  We can also look at Deng's and Boozer's low shooting percentages and try to account for that.  Truth is Rose usually gets the ball to Boozer in better spots, thus scoring more (and the 7 assist average).  In the end I guess I am only saying that last nights game, though a great win by a Bulls squad that completely out hustled the Heat, in my mind has no bearing on what the outcome of a 7 came series would be.
chicagofan68::there were many outliers. but completely ignoring a variety of things from the game, the simplest being that the bulls bench dominated while they played and the offense still scored 106 without rose and rip, is foolish.  i'm not saying it's a sign the series will go a definite way, but you also simply can't discredit everything from it either.
RyanCarranza::Chicagofan... I concur
bpardo95::Never ignore the fact that Rose is better... but the Heat defend a player like Rose as well as anyone in the NBA. My only claim is that while the Bulls out played the Heat yesterday.. and deservedly got a great victory for your team, there were to many outliers from a normal game to make me say that I feel any less confident in a 7 game series vs the bulls.
Dane Kitazaki::Look at lucas season percentages and he's average at best.  look at korvers shooting percentages, hes above average.  In the long run korver will shoot at a more efficient level than lucas.
chicagofan68::at the most basic, when talking about the expected bulls-heat playoff series, you want to take away the anomalous part of lucas' game while excluding the added gains the bulls have from playing with rose rather than lucas, which is simply flawed.
chicagofan68::i understand what you're trying to say. but on one hand you're including an anomalous night as the reason why these results won't be repeated in the playoffs, while at the same time acting like the fact that rose is simply a much better player than lucas in general won't play a role. you're ignoring the facts that don't support your claim.
Dane Kitazaki::Rose is a better player, but lucas was on fire
bpardo95::Dane understands what I am trying to say.  And Chicagofan.. rose isn't that efficient... He is an amazing player, can get to the hoop like no other.. but to say he is an efficient scorer is a fallacy.
Dane Kitazaki::Rose's improvements at the position would have taken a back seat to Lucas' hot shooting night.  Rose couldnt have had a more positive impact than what lucas produced
chicagofan68::but you're using that 'near perfect game' as an anomaly that won't appear in the playoffs, while ignoring the fact that a better player <i>would</i> be present.
RyanCarranza::You are seriously over analyzing this... Lucas had a 20+ pt game earlier this season and he shot like 10 for 30.  Rose avg's 17 shots per game.  22 pts and 8 assists.  Pretty damn efficient if you ask me.  Also, the game was slow... that's the only way Chicago beats Miami.  Playing fast paced will kill the Bulls.
chicagofan68::....exactly. an 'amazingly high percentage'. so acting like rose isn't that efficient is simply foolish. <i>again</i>, if you want to take away lucas' anomalous game in saying the heat are still better, you need to add in rose's improvement at the position as a whole.
bpardo95::At what point have I ever said Lucas is a better player then Rose?  If you take away Lucas's great game.. you need to add Rose's 24 points on 44% shooting... I will take that vs 24 points on 60% shooting any day.  Not saying the kid is better.. saying he played a near perfect game to beat the heat.
Dane Kitazaki::The one person not playing would have taken the hottest player off the court
bpardo95::Derrick doesn't average it as efficiently.  Last night was played at a painfully slow pace until the end.  No questions how good Rose is... but to say he does exactly what Lucas did last night is incorrect.  Lucas in less minutes, shot at an amazingly high percentage.. particularly from behind the arc, and put away what is arguably the best team in the NBA.
RyanCarranza::Chciagofan... EXACTLY!! He is forgetting to add the one person that wasn't playing last night.
chicagofan68::seriously? you want to talk about the fact that there were statistical anomalies yet act like a seriously anomalous game by JLIII is a sign that he's better than rose?  the point being, if you take away the statistical anomaly of lucas' great game, you have to add in the statistically better rose's offense as well.
RyanCarranza::I'm sorry, but Derrick Rose and this Bulls cast has beaten this exact same Miami team before.  What Lucas did last night is what Derrick averages plus 7 more assists.
bpardo95::Your MVP has never shot 60 percent and 5-7 from beyond the arc vs well.... anyone.  I would have preferred a MVP who shoots 44 percent on average then John Lucas yesterday.  This Heat team matches up much better to penetrating pgs then out side shooting ones.
RyanCarranza::Yes, including the fact they played without their MVP
chicagofan68::including the fact that they played without their MVP.
5555Mike219950::I don't kno why so many people are hating on Boozer, he's been playing well lately
RyanCarranza::Boozer needs to prove he is worth the money the team is giving him.  He hasn't done that yet.  Taj on the other hand...
diabolic0330::Not in big games. I'd rather have him come off the bench and have Gibson start.
RyanCarranza::Chalupa... What is your excuse for last nights loss?  Refs?  Bulls cheated?
diabolic0330::He already said the Refs.
diabolic0330::How am I trolling. U said the loss because of the inbound pass and the refs didn't call it right, Seems like an excuse to me.
Dancing_Chalupa::I never said anything or made any excuses. If you want to be a troll, go ahead.
diabolic0330::The Korver inbound pass.....poor little heat troll.
RyanCarranza::The refs... Of course... Whata loser
RyanCarranza::Ohhhhhh Chaluuupa!!!
29thrasher::Heat fans are a joke!!!!! All year all I hear is how their gonna win the finals this year, and Lebron is the king.... blah blah blah!!!!!!!! We wooped on yall last night and still no respect!!!!
ChicagRose::So now stating actual events from a game is considered trolling to heat fans..typical
ChicagRose::whooped  meaning our 3rd string pg, whos is 5'11 btw, shot a clutch shot over your 6'9 superstar who is refered as 'king james'... yeah....
bpardo95::Aww.. look now we are getting all cute when someone is actually trying to discuss basketball.  There you go little Bull Troll.
29thrasher::wooped, beat, whatever.... The fact is Miami looked like fools most of the game.. Not defending brewer and lucas. Just everybody did there part!!!!
bpardo95::Even though... I think we differ on the definition of whoop... career shooting nights from 3 players and you won by 4...
bpardo95::And with him the heat came back from down 16 with less then 8 minutes in game 5 of the ECF...
chicagofan68::simply put, you're implying the offense is better without rose than with him, and that's simply untrue. and 'relying on [rose] to close'? you mean the part where, without him, we let the heat come back and nearly win/go to OT?
bpardo95::No not at all.  What I am saying that in the clutch you should be doing that high low game with Rose vs an iso game.  He can initiate the offense in that sort of set up as well.
chicagofan68::as you have no problem pointing out, last night was a statistical anomaly. over the course of the <i>season</i>, rather than one game, the bulls offense is 3rd in efficiency. 75% of those games are with rose. you're simply a fool if you think the bulls offense is better without their MVP.
bpardo95::I would also argue that your offense looks SO much better when you aren't relying on your relatively inefficient scoring pg to close and play like you guys did yesterday.  I know I will take a beating for saying this, but your offense is much scarier when you are using that high low game off the block.
bpardo95::Very Strong.  I have a hard time hearing people talk about Hamilton being out.. he has played like 14 games.. he doesn't count.  As I stated above, the Bulls out hustled and out played the Heat.  I just like to remind everyone that this is the exact method they used to win game 1 of the ECF.  We will see what happens once Spo starts game planning for it.
chicagofan68::woop may be a bit strong, but considering the bulls led by 17 at one point and didn't have their MVP (their closer, fyi) or starting SG during the entire game....still a pretty strong showing regardless of the final score.
bpardo95::Of course.  Just like game 1 in the ECF the bulls dominated the offensive glass (plus 15) and shot over 70% from the three point line.  If they do that every game they will beat the Heat... I believe there may be some regression to the mean though...
RunTheBall22::the King of the two point 4th quarter. at least he will have earned that nick name
You Cutler Me Up::but in all fairness that was a very well played game by the bulls kudos to them. Lebron and d-wade kept the heat in the game. Can't wait to see the next game.
29thrasher::Your excluded from my comment...
You Cutler Me Up::lucas hitting that shot over lebron................priceless
pspank1::You think RIP ok by now and they just resting him?
Taphawn::they resting him for play offs yal better see that it only maybe 2 months left then play offs
You Cutler Me Up::haha chalupa the bulls won despite there being 8 players on the floor for the heat
diabolic0330::Aren't you a child? I mean you're trolling. Seems a little immature.
chicagofan68::that's actually perfectly fine english
Dancing_Chalupa::Is that supposed to make sense? Speak english little child.
Dancing_Chalupa::How many games has he actually played in this year? You should save him for the 1 most important game you have, in case he goes back on the injured list afterwards.
chicagofan68::haha, you're hilarious!
chicagofan68::no. he might be getting back to healthy, but they still need to do a little work with the shoulder before he's actually OK.  when he's ok, he'll play. keeping him healthy is priority #1, yes, but they still need him to work at least a few weeks with the team consistently.
IlliniDave68::ESPN, where Entertainment comes BEFORE Sports in their name.
IlliniDave68::Dancing_Chalupa = JOKE.  Who's with me?
Dancing_Chalupa::You just have to be a troll don't ya. 1st thing you say is insults. Expected though from your kind.
sumbrownkid::Saying from you kind is an insult to.  So that makes you a troll also.  But who cares?
Raptorchitown::Christina Bosh is still the best WNBA player in the NBA.
dabulls2012::And still the ugliest!
Raptorchitown::looks like E.T.
Bede Bears::It's time for the media to stop writing off Chicago now.
pspank1::Theywon't ppl hate the CHI and I just don't understand it....
IlliniDave68::Especially ESPN people.
Raptorchitown::Eastern Seaboard Sports Network
Dancing_Chalupa::Skip Bayless said a 55 yr old Rocky wouldn't last against the champ. He lost his cred.
RunTheBall22::I think Skip won't buy into the Bulls and Rose because he love MJ so much and just can't except the fact that the torch is finally bein passed. could be wrong but I think that at least has a little to do with it
DRoseIsSexy::But will they? Skip sux, espn sux.
Bede Bears::Bench Mob better stop being MASSIVELY underrated now. 60 Chicago bench points to Miami's 12.
DRoseIsSexy::They didn't even get off the bus last night.
IlliniDave68::Bulls bench has always been better! Miami's team is only, at best, 8 deep. Our's is 12!
Dancing_Chalupa::In the history of the NBA, no team has, nor will ever be 12 deep.
DRoseIsSexy::That was an awesome performance. They do taht every night we gonna see some rings.
RunTheBall22::Lebron is capable of taking over, bottom line. and he does not. you think Jordan and Kobe and even Wade passed the ball all 4th quarter long , or every time they saw a double team coming? you think they don't double team him in the first three quarters? the guy can get to the rim and get his own shot almost when ever he wants. other super stars get doubled teamed and yet can do more in the 4th than just two points. bottom line is he can take over but he doesn't.
29thrasher::Look at the highlights of Jordan... he was triple teamed sometimes and still game up big!!!! and yes he also made the right play and passed it to the right man when need be!!!!!
29thrasher::I been saying it all year.... even after the last game against the heat!!! We can beat the heat in a 7 game series!!!!
pspank1::You right Run but what was even more interesting is we didn't double team him threw those four quarters....we played D against everybody else.  That's why Lebron and Wade scored all there points.  It was a good plan by Thibs...
pspank1::O noo not with all that help...
RunTheBall22::Chalupa keeps saying it's ok for Lebron to just pass all 4th quarter long because he gets doubled teamed and it's the right play. if it is that easy to shut down Lebron he is not even close to bein the best player in the league.
29thrasher::2pts in the 4th last night!!!!! so what are the heat gonna do now when lucas and rose are on the floor together? Double team both of them?
dabulls2012::Nice follow up to his 2 points combined in the 4th quarter and OT against Orlando too...
dabulls2012::LOL! Double-teaming Lucas last night...that was hilarious! Dude is a D-league PG and LeBron couldn't even guard him by himself...11 points for JL3 in that 4th quarter to LBJ's 2!
CyBuck1::UNC Ash giving Cuse fits.  Not sure a #16 team has been in a game vs #1 this late in the second half.
29thrasher::hahahahhaha!!!!!!!! Hows it feel Miami to be beat by 5-11 3rd string pt guard?? lmao at the heat!!!!!!!!!
29thrasher::Dabulls!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dabulls2012::More like 5'8" and 160 lbs...dude is shorter than most of the Luvabulls man!
Raptorchitown::Sure didn't look like a "legend" against a "has-been" -that's for sure. Maybe Bron-Bron isn't such a legend in the making, huh?
29thrasher::It was a great win for bulls fans last night and for the heat..... well not so much!!!
Raptorchitown::He forced Lebron to stay out on the perimeter and miss shots as the clock wound down a couple times too.
29thrasher::2 pts in the 4th buddy!!!! get over it dude!!! you lost to a injured bulls team!!!! Miami was exposed last night!!!! expect to see me posting to remind you until next game!!!!lmao at heat and their fans!!!!!!!
ChicagRose::Are you suggesting a fadeaway shot is incredible? If so, you probably missed the first quarter. lol
DRoseIsSexy::Lucas didn't shy away from Lebron was the point. He played a great game.
29thrasher::John lucas owed Lebron!!!!!!!
29thrasher::no Im not a teenager btw.. I am 6-1 though and know that fadeaway shot would have been tough against a 6-8 lebron.
Dancing_Chalupa::Lebron played him the last part of the game. Lucas shot "a" fadeaway over him. Are you a teenager?
29thrasher::hahahahahhahahahah..... dude I feel sorry for you!!!!!!
Dancing_Chalupa::Did he score 106 points?
pspank1::I feel I love the team but dog Booz just scares me sometimes....
dabulls2012::So what do you think? Does LeBron regret not coming to Chicago and becoming a beloved figure? He doesn't seem like a "black hat" kind of guy that enjoys being booed every time he touches the ball.
Dancing_Chalupa::Lebron was never going there. DWade is his best friend. They wanted to play together. They are figuring it out. Bosh doesn't seem to get a feel. Putting 3 number 1 guys together isn't easy.  Would be so much easier had Bosh been a bigger guy to play at Center.
Dancing_Chalupa::Whatever. You guys are too hard headed to hear anything else except what you want. It doesn't matter to me at all what people think. You can be right. Next subject.
dabulls2012::NONE of those guys were supposedly the best player in the league like Michael and in theory, LeBron...
Dancing_Chalupa::This ain't the 90's, and free agency didn't rule back then. Different era. Barkley tried. he went to Houston. So did Pippen. So did Drexler.
dabulls2012::And there's the difference...Barkley was Michael's best friend and he thoroughly enjoyed beating his big butt in 1993 and keeping him and several other of his buddies from winning ANY rings.
CyBuck1::It's easy to speculate, but if he had come to Chicago I really don't think anyone would have stopped the Bulls last year.  Boozer wouldn't have been here (nothing lost there).  Rose probably wouldn't have developed as much as he did, and maybe the bench mob wouldn't have either.  But who would Miami have ended up with?  Can't see into the future, but I think the Bulls would have added several more trophies to the case.  They still may, but it won't be as easy.
dabulls2012::Bosh is DEFINITELY the guy that messed up most with his "decision"...he could have DEFINITELY been the #2 guy and thrived BIG TIME in Chicago with Derrick and Jo who would have allowed him to stay at the 4 all the time.  OOOPS!
RunTheBall22::Lebron just would have messed up Rose's game. Bosh was the one I wanted. you could have been a star here Bosh now your just a third wheel. oh well
pspank1::F'em itwas set up perfectly for that punk...but on the real i wanted joe and bosh
RunTheBall22::we got Rip and Rose coming back soon. can't wait till we get at full power. if Rip stays on the court our offense will awesome and really something to watch
Raptorchitown::Should get and KEEP Mike James.
Dancing_Chalupa::Bulls should have traded Rip today for someone that plays.
pspank1::I'm just worried about the time...how much time will hehave to get back right
RunTheBall22::who wants an injured player? it's not serious and he will be back. for how long no one knows but hopefully the rest of the season
Dancing_Chalupa::Lakers made all these huge moves today. Our teams are in big trouble now.
Dancing_Chalupa::This is the longest I have ever been in here that I have not seen a barrage of Lebron dumb old jokes. Not that there should be. He played a very good game as did Wade. Too bad nobody else made it on the team flight to the game.
Dancing_Chalupa::Lebron is a good dude. He is like that all of the time down here. He never says any negatives.  Unfortunately he still gets the hate for whatever as you can see in here every day.
dabulls2012::Cuz he's still an idiot for choosing Miami over Cleveland, Chicago, or NY...he could have been beloved in ANY of those other cities.
dabulls2012::I was also impressed in LeBron's post-game interview how he gave props to pretty much the entire "bench mob" by name including rookie Jimmy Butler...he clearly knows what's going on.
dabulls2012::Wade was ON FIRE in that 4th quarter...even with all the stories about LeBron in the 4th quarter, I guess I haven't really watched him play an entire quarter like that...I was at the UC with my brothers and cousin and none of could really believe how passive he was on O in the 4th quarter...Wow...seems like it is definitely on his mind.
CyBuck1::Any real fan wouldn't bash the guy.  Same goes for DRose.  Why would you make fun of their names and try to get a rise out of people.  Too many trolls, and then real fans of opposing teams try to act like those are the real fans.
RunTheBall22::Lebron had a nice three quarters and Wade made me nervous at the end
C2Poke88::Wade was in attack mode the entire 4th quarter and he was dropping shots.  Why should Lebron have tried to interrupt that flow for personal glory?  He let Wade handle the offense and put the clamps on JL3.  Once Lebron was on JL3, he hit that one shot on the 1st possession, and didn't make another shot while Lebron guarded him for the rest of the game.  CHI couldn't even run their offense the last 5 minutes of the game.  I still say Spo has to draw up end-of-game plays that involve several players, instead of going with ISO every dang time.
Dancing_Chalupa::When they bring the double team on him, he makes the right play. The only reason he gets crap for it now is because of the crap he gets from the Finals. Had he started shooting with Deng and whoever on him at the same time and started clanking them, he would get crap for not passing it to the open Wade for the 1 on 1. I doubt most people actually watch Lebron play, not the full games. Too quick to judge and not watching what is really going on.
RunTheBall22::passing is fine but the so called best player in the world should be able to come up with more than 4 points in two 4th quarters and an OT in two big games. thats not a bash thats just the truth. amazing how a player that good can just disappear like that when his team needs him the most
Dancing_Chalupa::They'd bring a double on him and he passes. Got to play smart. It almost got them all the way back. Lebron does it, Wade does it. Seems they take turns whenever they do this.
DRoseIsSexy::No point in bashing him. He played very well.
pspank1::D..a..m.n..no moves...o well!  GO BULLS!
dabulls2012::9-1 since the All-Star break baby! Beat Spurs at their place, Philly at their place, avenged early loss with 20-point blow out of Indy, and then beat the Knicks and Heat...all WITHOUT their starters healthy. No reason to make any trades.
sumbrownkid::No Chicago does not need to make a move.  We are fine where we are.
FightingIllini3737::Sounds like pretty wishful thinking on your part actually. Are all heat fans this confident in their team, because what I saw last night was a team without their reigning MVP (and starting SG for that matter)  beat a team who is allegedly better than them. You say the heat will shoot better from distance next time and that everyone outside of Wade and Lebron can't play any worse, but what if those two dont have the same kind of performance?...If I were a fan of the Heat, I'd be a little worried about meeting the Bulls in the playoffs (or Bucks).
C2Poke88::CHI should have made a move.  They don't have much of a chance against Miami in a playoff series.  In the playoffs, CHI won't have the rest and energy advantages over Miami that they had last night.  Rose won't play any better than JL3 played last night.  The bench mob can't play any better than they did last night.  Outside of Lebron/Wade, Miami couldn't have played any worse than they did.  And CHI still only won by 4 points.  If Bosh shoots 6-15, you lose the game.  If our 3-point shooters shoot anywhere near their actual percentages, you lose by double digits.  I can't wait 'til the playoffs.  Both teams will have the same schedule then.
RunTheBall22::we didn't need to make a move. we got a complete team.
Dancing_Chalupa::Hollinger Power Rankings..................Heat still at number 1.
Dancing_Chalupa::Bulls have a few games on the Heat, but the series is still 1-1. Next 2 games should be nice and rude in here.
dabulls2012::Bulls calculated power number actually went DOWN after beating the number 1 team...that says it all to me on that stat...
Dancing_Chalupa::Lucky for you people that the officials didn't review that inbounds pass.  Otherwise Heat was shooting for the tie. No fingernails left on Bulls fans after those last 2 minutes.
distone4046::The ESPN announcers said Korver was fouled at least seven times on his way to the ball.  He was mauled!  A foul should have been called before he ever got to the ball.  It's over.
Dancing_Chalupa::I didn't say "refs screwed us" or anything at all like that. I just said good thing for you they didn't review it. Because if they did, Heat would have had last shot. I am no complainer. So you can save the dumb comments for someone who does, or just look like an as.s
CyBuck1::Sounded like you were complaining.
Dancing_Chalupa::Dude, the refs let both teams do the same things. It was an equal called game. We lost. Do you see me complaining?  Is what it is. You guys get away with stuff just the same. Last night was better because it's a little more old school.
diabolic0330::Sounded like an excuse Dancing_Burrito.
RunTheBall22::Korver got fouled 15 times on that play, justice
diabolic0330::and flop/
Dancing_Chalupa::I am not complaining about any calls. refs were fine all game. ESPN was showing Korver the one touching the ball as it went out.  To me, it's just a loss. On to tomorrow.
CyBuck1::Lucky for you the refs allowed Bosh to travel, foul, and camp in the paint all on the same play.
diabolic0330::Both teams got sh*tty calls. Deal with it.
Dancing_Chalupa::No, it says it is updated every day.
FightingIllini3737::That's actually called skewing the information to suit your needs, but nice try.
Dancing_Chalupa::Wasn't my fault the winning streak went back to last year. Just calling it as it went. Now if someone would ban all those annoying idiots, it'll be a little more fun  in here next time they play.
diabolic0330::I could easily do 5-5 for this last year and including the playoffs or 1-1 for just this year.
Dancing_Chalupa::2 more to go. At least you guys don't have to see my type 6 in a row now.
Aicyla22::hopefully everyones healthy on 4/12
diabolic0330::See, you finally get it.
Dancing_Chalupa::Of coarse. They have the better record. Just like last year. Viva La' Bulls.  Best ever.
diabolic0330::Don't really care either way. Bulls are the better team.
diabolic0330::It comes out every Monday....
harvardandchicagobulls::is gogo here?
