Jason O'Connell::The Heat players are obviously trying to tank this season in order to get Andrew Wiggins.
Matthew Stone::Gotta have someone to replace el king when he departs to LA.
Abeer Mujtaba::Matthew Stone LOL pathetic...
Burkett Black::there needs to be a investigation into this game heat throwing game to the sixers lol lot of money lost on this one
Katie Ennis::Sixers shock the world and win 98-86
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Game 2 of an 82-game schedule and 76ers will shock the world...Katie, your excitement over this prediction is hilarious
Mark Kareha::Dafuk is going on right now?
Justin Porter::Goodluck 76ers.. Sorry you guys had to tank cuz of Bynum.. Wish you guys would sign AI as a backup PG so he can have a farewell tour. You would think he is better than your bench PG.. Oh well... Lets hope Cole breaks some more ankles tonite.. RIP Rose.
Bryce Morgan::http://d3fsqtc6sy2z27.cloudfront.net/uploads/58bdada34bf0a87dbf3ecfc2780d816b_large
Jason Patterson::Lets hope Turner can dunk on James again
Sam Saenz::For the record Birdman tripped Rose, he did not get crossed. Don't know why everyone is so blind to that. lol
Sam Saenz::76ers>>>>>Bulls
Vin Turner::Idiot!
Taylor Manes::Youre a dumb ass.76ers suck..Just wait until they play the Bulls..Rose shuts down your rookie Williams..
Sam Saenz::Taylor Manes It was sarcasm you moron.
Niko Karnezis::If the Heat don't comeback and end up losing tonight, you will see Heat "fans" saying how it's only one game, or that they had to travel, etc. Essentially they'll be saying the same things that they criticized Bulls fans for last night. Hypocrites.
Bryce Morgan::did the Bulls just have a back to back though? I don't ever talk about traveling unless back to back
Joseph Cespedes::Bryce Morgan let the excuses start...cause the 76ers are "loaded"
Niko Karnezis::Eric Streeter It's the 76ers, the same team that is hoping to be the worst in the NBA this season.
Guy Lindhart Edward::Heat beat the Bulls, front page material. Heat lose to the GOD FORSAKEN 76ERS, not even in the "headlines" section. Biased reporting...
Kenton Williams::Well you kind of just explained why. The 76ers are not a "sexy" team. There was no return of Rose back drop. No we hate them they hate us. Therefore it doesn't warrant headlines.
Guy Lindhart Edward::Kenton Williams I agree whole-heartedly but what people neglect to vocalize is that in both situations it is ONE GAME out of an 82 GAME SEASON. I'm a journalism major, I understand the backdrop. But I'm an even bigger Bulls fan and I feel like the "Bulls have been exposed" tagline was so unfair. Not just because I consider the Heat a rival, but because it's one game in a season. No one is going to say the Heat have been exposed tomorrow. It's just annoying.
Kenton Williams::Guy Lindhart Edward everything you said is 100% accurate. But from one journalism major to another you know those headlines get traffic. Let's be honest that's what it's really all about.
Mike Rose::"We'll still go 82-0" -Heat fans
Taylor Manes::hahaha..true!!!
Dante Barrett::Guarantee you literally didn't see anybody say that once. What you did see was all the 3-peat talk, which still remains true
Matthew Alan::Here comes the excuses they were "worn out"....after playing 1 game.
Shawn Bento::FACT:  Heat are vastly overrated.
Paul Snurpus::Fact, they played back-to-back and ran out of gas, which is understandable.
Timmy Belles::Paul Snurpus maybe...but I heard a stat last yr that miami was 15-1 on B2B games
Shawn Bento::Paul Snurpus Ran out of gas is a decent cop-out, but there is no copping out for losing to the worst team in the league.  LOL
Kristin Vaughn::The tanking isn't working...
Marshall Burge::Hahaha. I don't care if is the second game if the season. To lose the sixers is just hilarious.  Miami-Can't-Repeat  PS - somebody better check the ESPN office I think their bias writers are committing suicide!!!!  Hahahahahaha
Niko Karnezis::Where are all the Heat "fans"?
Ayn Bland::There are no Heat fans.
StanLee Chiu::no heat "fans", but heat band wagon!
Josh Schwartz::Well well well. One game or not, the "worst" team in the league just beat the "best" team in the league. A win is a win. Eat it, everyone who thought the Sixers would be killed. They are NOT going to tank, and I'm glad they're not. I can't stand losing on purpose and HOPING to get the top pick and HOPING the player they pick will be a star. Regardless who you have, TRY TO WIN! And that's what they're doing. I love it! Plus, a first win for their new coach, while Iverson is watching. Love it! Perfect night for the Sixers.
Steven Anacker::Wow, ESPN, can you be just a little more biased? Philly wins the game, the rook puts together one of the best debuts in history and yet the entire highlights is of Heat offensive plays. That's just ridiculous.
James Incredible-Jackson::*THE best debut in NBA history.
Marshall Burge::What happened ESPN? Did your boy lose? Funny no mention on your front page!  AGAIN ESPN IS SHIR!
Kenton Williams::What?
Robert Roncaglia::I know there is 44 minutes to go but who envisioned a 16 points lead for the Sixers at any point in this game
Adrian Alexander Garcia::2 to 19 LMAO!
David Velez::The Cavs looking good, better win the championship Miami or hes leaving for home
Rob Loveday::The Cavs haven't looked good in years.
David Velez::The 6ers will be lucky if they win 25 games
Kevin Joseph Fisher::Uh, Wade was "resting his sore knees"???  It's the second game of the season
Donaven Murray::Heat will comeback and win. But man, talk about not getting up for the game.
Stephonte Livingston::no such thing is tanking you idiots. you play to WIN the game.
Bryce Morgan::self like #3!
Andy P Kordyban::Sixers shock the world and only lose 120-101
Josh Schwartz::Do NOT tank, Sixers. Play the season out as hard as you can and fight with everything you've got. Ignore the media. I believe in you. Go Sixers!
Steve Ungar::They have pulled their best player, they are tanking.
Aaron Marga::Steve Ungar their best player looks like MCW right now.
Dante Barrett::To people who act like very heat fan is a bandwagon fan- you do realize every team has fans right? The ones that fill the stadiums every night? You think heat fans are bandwagon fans because suddenly theyre all over ESPN but think about it. Bobcats have fans, but theyre certainly not on ESPN right now talking trash.. If they start winning championships suddenly they'll come out of nowhere. It's not "bandwagoning", its just finally having something to talk about lol. (Of course some fans are just bandwagon fans)
Greg Metz::That's the whole point. If you're only here talking trash when your team is winning, you're a bandwagon fan, period.
Idries King::During the playoffs last year the Bulls, Pacers, and Spurs all had bandwagon fans...when they faced the Heat.
Robert Hawley::Greg Metz umm no. no one talks trash when their team is losing. that's a silly argument. so everyone who talks trash when they win is a bandwagon fan? seriously?
George J Banks::Heat fans were talking crap last night when they Beat the Bulls and how they took the foot off the gas that how the Bulls came back. I guess the sixers took their foot off the gas because the heat and lechoke were getting smoked. Here comes all the excuses for losing to a bottom echlon team. Every one of those chumps talking last night can't be found tonight.
Kenton Williams::I'll take the bait. I said this earlier but it bears repeating. Anyone from any fan base that gets geeked out over the first two games of an eighty-two game season is over reacting. Period.
George J Banks::Kenton Williams Tell that to your fellow Heat fans, saying Rose is done and the bulls won't even make the playoffs, and they were a better team without Rose.Then the Heat go on the road and get blasted, and here come the excuses, after calling bulls cry babies.
