so3icy::the acquisition of Nene was a clear cut win for the Wizards, no disrespect to McGee.  Here's why http://thenaykedtruth.blogspot.com/2012/03/nba-trade-deadline-winners-losers.html
mjoskar::Saying a trade works out after one game where you beat a team you were just as bad as or better than before the trade is stupid. I say this to both Wiz and Nug fans who seem to all congratulatory towards each other over beating the Nets and Pistons. A trade like this takes some time before it can even begin to be evaluated.
helmsey::I hope going to a young team where he can be the veteran leader will give him the confidence to play how he is capable every night.  As a Nuggs fan, I hope Nene thrives in DC.  Congrats Wizards!
theyorkallday::NBA players draft, all players are eligible... lebron goes #1 kobe goes late, wall goes #9 blake goes #6 full draft: http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::Good for Nene! McGee had a solid game for the Nuggets tonight (put back game winner, 7 dunks, 7 reb, 3 blocks) and a couple bonehead plays...   I know it's just one game but I hope the trade works out for both teams... good start at least!
koodrint::I think it will. McGee has some extra veteran leadership and talent around him to help him mature and keep him away from more selfish play, and Nene is just what the Wizards need in a defensive minded center who if he can stay healthy provides a big boost to a young Wiz crew
Sir_Charles_34_::if u think nene is a defensive minded center i suggest u quit watching baskeball
mark.l.s.::New Jersey was complaining about fouls?  It was 25-19 in their favor...they were in the penalty for almost the entire second quarter.
jwusrt11::all franchaises need to build around class... Nene = Class
WILSON CHANDLER 21::he wizard fans the trade for nene and javale worked perfectly for both teams. good luck to you guys and your bright future
Keevis2841::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nq70yUX8WxM&amp;context=C4396087ADvjVQa1PpcFOYu6ysyNNqy7rM3B7bqdjYTbBdo6sRsd4=
13alexrodriguez3::Hey Nets, Portland really wants that pick.
WVUVIKINGS1224::Nene, John Wall, Jordan Crawford, Harrison Barnes/Thomas Robinson next season. Futures not lookin too bad
Calioyo::You are gonna wish you had that 1st round pick back NJ. Wallace takes games, sometimes multiple in a row, off.
13alexrodriguez3::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPLcZ5Rk3Lg  ^ What's going on with the Nets right now.
csallstar11::yeah.....mcgee with the game winner in denver...bet theyre regretting that one too
jwusrt11::you mean Mcgee wasnt running the wrong way?!?!
ac24533::Always a first time for everything...
kozanski2000::nene ... 22 pts and 10 rebs on 60%+ shooting. Yeah, what a terrible trade ... bet DC is really regretting that one.
MD Terps 1996::Man of the night NeNe
Sirlagsalot00::Man and they're heading to Brooklyn. On the brightside, the tickets will be cheap.
pk9394::Hm...... Bobcat might have a chance to smoke Nets in the coming game.
spotter::what was williams "Classic look of disgust"? :)
Rezavore Dog::oh such a shame. we lose to new orleans, cleveland, and washington, all at home. ewww.... Funny thing is I'm in Atlanta until Sunday, and I'll be going to the game in my old school, grey Kenyon Martin Nets jersey. Wonder how much ill get verbally abused while we get our $@% whooped
WizSkin95::Lets go Wiz we got a W streak going
mdtuzo::see you later pres, and any other nets fans lurking around
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::later
getz104::Someone send a memo to the Nets GM that tanking doesn't work if you traded away your draft pick lol
Calioyo::Wallace =not very good, takes games off. Blazers are going to end up with 2 top 10 picks.  Nets will not get top 3.
mdtuzo::The pick is top 3 protected...
blobzy91::we suck! face it if i was deron i would run run run we cant even beet the wizards!!
redskinselportiswin::u talk like ur better lmaooo
blobzy91::and now we r spose to get better now worse!!
mdtuzo::We beat the wizards first game of the season
stonetackle83::How do you lost to the wizards by 18.... at home...
rr2300::how do you not know english?
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::the Redwings stink, lol
redskinselportiswin::I love it a fellow Pirates fan
alwaysrootinforLB::I've been following a sports betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. Over the past 2 months I have made over 3K a month following this system. I found it by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I recommend this system to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and will make you money
Sluggerface::You nets fans do know that pick belongs to portland right?
Sluggerface::Even if you have the worst record in the league. That's not guaranteed.  Same thing happened to the nets in the 2010 draft.
mdtuzo::All I'm saying is the pick doesn't inherently belong to portland
mdtuzo::unless we get a top 3 pick... idk how many times i will have to repeat that
epicbenz NJD::#1 pick here we come
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::Neil Walker is a big kid with power, but he only hit 12 bombs last year.....................I dont really know what to expect from him
mdtuzo::true lol.. whats up with pedro alvarez though
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::Marte is going to make room for himself by moving Presley to AAA or to the bench, hes that type of talent
mdtuzo::theres no room in the outfield though is there? and hopefully pedro can get back on track, he has serious power
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::Alvarez is a guess hitter who needs to tighten up his strikezone, we have two kids looking to break into the big leagues right now, Matt Hague at 1st base, and Starling Marte as a centerfielder who would move to a corner outfield spot  Hague is similar to Gaby Sanchez of the Marlins and Marte is an Andrew McCutchen clone
sammetzger4::lets go nets we are on a 4 game losing streak. we got to come back strong against the hawks.
mdtuzo::yo pres over/under 25 hr for neil walker? i love that kid, i think he hits 27 with 100+ rbi
mdtuzo::especially if they put him at cleanup, wow
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::he gets his fair share of doubles, atleast during his rookie year, so he can rack up the RBI by cleaning off the bases
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::under, I have him at 18 homeruns
getz104::Yankees suck lol. Playoff chokers
dhami122::except for those other 27 times
drftw42134::Following people should be fired. First should be Tibbett because he has to be (behind Joey Crawford) the 2nd worst NBA ref I have ever seen. 2nd, fire Billy King. Why? Because the guy thinks that Deron Williams can do this all by himself. The Nets haven't gone nowhere the last few years and this guy made us drop rock bottom.  We have waited way too long and we still have not gotten an NBA championship in New Jersey. Only the New Jersey Devils won here but not the Nets. Nets won 2 ABA titles in New York.
mdtuzo::i still like deron, but if he hasnt played well enough for us to win.. he has to be a lot more consistent
RG3SkinsSuperbowlChamps::Nats &gt; Yankees
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::true story!
Mets2410::Redskins&gt;
mdtuzo::i like the nats, but no.
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::mdtuzo, who is the guy in your avatar?
mdtuzo::warren buffet
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::oh okay, I thought he looked familiar
cycycychris::WIzards are now 1-0 with Nene on the team. Hopefully we can keep this up.Good Game everyone.
tkwon77::Nensanity?
cycycychris::I kind of like the sound of that one...lol....
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::good game
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::Brandon, how did you become a Cubs fan? both the O's and Nats are better than the Cubs, lol
dhami122::and the yankees are better than all of those team
mdtuzo::actually no never mind who cares
mdtuzo::relax with that cockiness, it gives us a bad rep
drftw42134::The Wizards fans can thank Tibbett for the win
mdtuzo::im still happy that we got that win over dallas with brook lopez dropping 38... that night will help me stomach these asshole wizards fans tonight
getz104::If Nets were healthy omg it wouldn't even be a game. JK Brook Lopez would get destroyed inside by Nene. Dude is soft.
Mets2410::so is Nene and Brook would've dropped a $@%! load of points on the nene he can't play d
mdtuzo::right... brook would have dropped 30+ on this wiz and the nets win by double digits...
alwaysrootinforLB::I've been following a sports betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. Over the past 2 months I have made over 3K a month following this system. I found it by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I recommend this system to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and will make you money
Mets2410::it amazes me how people like robsing have nothing better to do with their lives than troll on the nets game board. sad and kind of funny how much people hate the nets for no reason
robsing316::It amazes me how $@%!$@%! and blind you are when it comes to the nets.
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::JPK, its all good, the Wiz are just that much better than us right now
mdtuzo::if the nets were completely healthy, they would have destroyed the wizards
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::maybe, but maybe not, Nene owns the Nets big men in his career
Dirtybearcub::Nene era 1-0
robsing316::why does billy king love $@%!$@% the nets over by making horrible trades?
robsing316::ha ha!!!  he's never said that.
Mets2410::you're right im sorry. he said "my plan is to stay" $@%!$@% idiot http://www.sbnation.com/nba/2011/12/5/2613055/deron-williams-nets-extension
robsing316::false.  he's gone.  if he didn't want to stay in utah, a team that consistently won 50+ games a year and went deep into the playoffs, what makes you think he want's to stay on a team that's only won 15 games??
mdtuzo::its utah. this is (about to be) new york. living in manhattan is way nicer than living anywhere is texas or utah. any he has a lot of endorsement just by being in such a big market
Mets2410::the fact that Deron said "I plan on staying" is what makes me believe he's going to stay idiot
robsing316::what about all the picks you gave up for d-will.  Now d-will is going to leave NJ high and dry.
mdtuzo::remains to be seen
mdtuzo::it doesnt matter unless we dont get a top 3 pick
dhami122::lets go yankees
mdtuzo::yes network all day
teamanderson3::Nene beast....great start!!!!
tjreaso::Get used to it. Nuggets are going to miss him a lot.
mdtuzo::at least theres the yankees world series run to look forward to this year
ravenisthebest7::Haha, good one.
Pepee88::NBA SHIETTTTTTTTTT
