58rhodes::Wheres all the Blazer fans that said the Blazers would be 15-5? @20 games?
mcshumway::I admit it.  I'm a Jimmer fan, and I care about the Kings for that reason.  I think there is a slim chance Jimmer will be a great pro, but a decent chance that he will be a good pro.  I was a little upset that the Kings took him because I thought he would be more likely to thrive elsewhere.  The Suns, for instance, a more stable offensive-minded team built around a small, unselfish, defensively challenged veteran point guard who could mentor Jimmer.   Right now, with who they are as a team, Sacramento probably isn't going to be able to make great use of the talents Jimmer has, or develop him into the best player he can be.  Playing Jimmer more isn't going to make THIS Kings team any better, but they aren't really all that good anyway.
Snakes22::The biggest surprise watching the game was the fact that Jimmer Fredette never entered the game and finished with a DNP-Coach's Decision. Coach Keith Smart claimed that it was because he didn't want to disrupt the teams rhythm. This is a shock for fans everywhere. Fredette is never going to improve and become a viable NBA player if he isn't given a chance to learn.  --- Yahoo Sports
dreamks::A shock!?!  Boo hoo.  Dude has started 6 games out of 22 and averages 23-24 mins per game.  Not being given a chance?  Yeah, right.
DaleHammers3::The Kings won, obviously the "coaches decision" was the RIGHT one but then again, i always forget that all you people are more worried about a single player than the over-all team, then you accuse the team of being the selfish ones pot... meet this kettle *whispers* call him black, he LOVES it
dreamks::Well, I'm not surprised that the fanboys who care more about Jimmer playing than the Kings beating a decent team are "shocked" especially on a message board but, the notion that Jimmer isn't being given a chance to learn is absurd.
Snakes22::The talk of the message board is more about Jimmer not playing than the Kings actually winning.  So yes, I'd say the article has it right.
Snakes22::Jimmer has been mishandled by the Kings organization, being given no role while being frozen out by teammates early in the year. Questions about his quickness have been exposed as Fredette usually gets the ball without a game plan and late in the shot clock, and the result has usually been pretty bad. Something needs to change schematically in Sacto, or his career is heading down the wrong track.   --Rotoworld
mosesbyu::Normally I would be confused to see Jimmer warming the bench the entire game; however, hopefully this means Jimmer is in for a trade. (Hopefully to a team that averages more than 3 assists per game)
johnnyx2011::Kings suck! But I still like them. Still waiting for that next super star draft which Petrie cannot or don't know how to draft.
BLazEdTrailerz::Kings win and Jimmer got a DNP-CD.... Enter the Jimmer Jocks who can't be happy about a king's win and have to cry about Jimmer's minutes.
79dannyo::Dude....a king's win....that would mean you are implying that the team as a whole won the game......No, a few players just happened to score more points than the other not so good blazers.  Also Jimmer fans are not complaining about his minutes, they are just disgusted with the poor excuse and display of team....let me repeat that....TEAM basketball.
DaleHammers3::yeah... TEAM game, and you guys are pissed about ONE player not getting as many minutes as you want f'n hypocrites is what you all are
IcompletelyforgotwhoIam::Well, I woke up this morning to find my identity has been put on the shelf. That game last night was painful to watch in the end. For one, when the Blazers got that steal at the end why the hell didn't they drive to the hoop instead of taking outside shots? It seems like it would have been much better to try and be aggressive and maybe pick up the foul if the ball does not go in. Great game by the Kings to gut that one out, not taking anything away from them. But this Blazers team of mine is just so miserable on the road. How do you play so well in the first half only to look like clowns in the second. That damn third quarter killed them.
flyfisher34::The reason the team won last night had little to do with Jimmer not playing.  Salmons was hot, and the coach decided to keep with his hot gun.  The reason the team won last night was that they limited Cousins to only 15 mins.  That guy may be the most selfish player in the league and Smart needs to get something out of him.  Extremely talented, but doesn't know how to play team ball AT ALL. Keep that guy on the bench and watch the team win.
joshsy77::Cousin's is the most selfish player on the team.  He's a cancer for the team who doesn't know what an assist is.
JacobyJ4::The whole point of this thing is this... Jimmer has played well over the last 8 games or so... his 3 pt average right around 60% during that time and his jump shot contrary some idiot who was talking about it below has been great... Now for those who have said he has had some poor games.... you are correct.  Jimmer has had some poor games but I would like to ask who wouldnt?  The kid is a rookie he is gonna be off and on, especially on one of the worst teams in the league.  Its not about having a few bad games... Its about what you see in the kid, its about what he can bring.  If you don't plan on sticking with a guy for at least a year you should not draft him 10th in the draft!!!  Jimmer has shown glimmers of greatness and his shooting percentages when he starts are great.  The Jimmer lovers are no different than the Jimmer haters except one key aspect for the most part the Jimmer haters don't give Jimmer any slack and don't seem to see stats, like the fact that the kings were up against the warriors with Jimmer in and then they pulled him for Thomas and they lost... yet somehow the blame falls on Jimmer???? Isaiah jumped Jimmer last night in the rotation and looked terrible... scored four pathetic points!! Are u kidding me kings fans... He screwed the defense all night long, except he is not Jimmer so he gets a free pass??  Jimmer has gained his confidence and except for a few moments has clearly outplayed Thomas over the last 8 or 9 games.. but it doesn't matter the Kings deserve there fate, terrible coach who replaced one who was just trying to discipline an out of line player.  This team will win a few games based on pure talent but if they are not gonna use Jimmer trade him while his trade value is high and then you can play your backyard junk ball all you want.
dreamks::Somebody call the whaaaabulance!  What a long winded pile of drivel.  In case you didn't notice, the Kings won last night but it's too funny that you Jimmer fanboys think that the Kings are not sticking with Jimmer simply because they are not (rightfully so) making him the focal point of the team.
DaleHammers3::insulting his point doesnt make  it right, you wanna do something against him, prove him wrong
joshsy77::You are twice as right as me because you posted the same comment twice - nice going!  I'm curious where you pick up you cute words.  I wouldn't have even known how to spell whaaabulance (perhaps you don't either) and I love the term fanboys.  Where do you get your vocabulary, it's so awesome!
dreamks::Somebody call the whaaaabulance!  What a long winded pile of drivel.  In case you didn't notice, the Kings won last night but it's too funny that you Jimmer fanboys think that the Kings are not sticking with Jimmer simply because they are not (rightfully so) making him the focal point of the team.
joshsy77::Evan's 18 points isn't as cool when he needs to put up 25 shots to hit 18 points.
joshsy77::Agree 100%  The Kings sucked last year without Jimmer and suck less this year with the new talent - it's not like the Kings have a good status quo to go back on; they play like a selfish bunch of Jr. High heroes each trying to out do the others for a spotlight instead of playing like a team.
pdxrovermech::jimmer is shooting terribly and his teammates dont respect him. i remember seeing a game a couple weeks ago and they just had to inbound the ball with like .5 seconds left to end the period, jimmer was standing right in front of the inbounder eager to catch the ball and his teammate threw it over his head to a player behind him.
dreamks::LOL.  Crying about a .5 second play....
Snakes22::He shot over 40% on 3PT for the entire month of January.
Snakes22::Was Jimmer just getting a night off or does Sacramento's coach really think that Jimmer can't contribute?  Given recent occurances with the Kings I find it hard to trust anything this franchise does.  Free Jimmer!!!
nccanes73::Jimmer fanboys seriously need to look up the word accountability
joshsy77::Simple question back at you - was Jimmer accountable for the Kings losses last year or would you pin that on somebody else?  I think that us "fanboys" would like to see the team do better and see a different type of player that doesn't fit our team dynamic.  If the Kings were a winning team then it would make sense to look at changing Jimmer to change the outcome; but the Kings are far better this year than they were last year so one would have to argue that the new additions are improving the team.  That being said the establishment should embrace the changes that have changed our record from inexcusable to pretty bad.
dreamks::You Jimmer nuts are hilarious.  How many excuses are you going to come up with?  Yeah, it's everybody else's fault but Jimmer's. Blame the coaches, the teammates, the system, the weather....lol
79dannyo::Since when has anyone blamed the weather......
joshsy77::good point, the kings rocked last year without Jimmer!
79dannyo::Seriously do you watch the games????....for a rookie he is shining.  Especially playing on a team that won't pass to him.
79dannyo::What on earth are you talking about.  I am getting so sick of people saying how terrible Jimmer has been playing.  He is a rookie. He has only played a handful of games in the NBA.  He is playing against guys who have been starting in the NBA for 10 plus seasons.  With all that,  he is still coming off the bench and scoring 13 plus points.  He was the teams leading scorer twice.  Yes, he is no Kobe or D Rose, but still, give the kid a break. He is playing with the WORST and most SELFISH team in the NBA.  Yet, has he complained...no.  He is still the first one off the bench to give the players high 5s.  In my book he has done a lot of shining.  Please, for the love of everything holy, lets all stop saying Jimmer has been playing abysmal.
joshsy77::The Kings are much better this year than last year and Jimmer has had several high scoring games but he's not going to shine consistently on a team that doesn't play like a team.
dreamks::That's a dumb reply. Whether the Kings rocked or not without Jimmer last year is irrelevant. You Jimmer nuts have come up with every imaginable exccuse as to why he hasn't done well so far this season.  The Kings are a bad team but Jimmer has had plenty of opportunity to shine, and for the most part, he hasn't.  Period.
mcshumway::Not the right fit for Jimmer.  He needs a different, more established system.   Given his popularity, I've thought they might trade a guy like Thornton to use him more.  Not so sure now.  I wonder what they can get for him?
joshsy77::Jimmer isn't playing because Evans is doing such a great job every game (I'm being sarcastic).  Comparing Jimmer to Evans and his team mates he's not a selfish ball-hog.  Evans put up 18 points; however he took 25 shots to do so.  the Kings are by far the worst team for assists in the NBA.  Why isn't Jimmer thriving, because he's not a selfish hero in the games - he's committed to the notion of playing like a team which is hard to do when your team-mates don't reciprocate.
79dannyo::Couldn't agree more.  Along with Evans being a horrible ball hog, Thornton is in that same boat.  I mean everyone comes down on Jimmer for his low FG%. Look at Thornton, last night he went 4-13.  Do the math people...30 freakin %.
Rip_City27::Why didn't Jimmer play??
KingGeorge53::Outstanding win for the Kings and their fans.
CharlesRiver27::Jimmer gets a DNP, are you kidding me? So far the Kings have done a terrific job of wasting his talent.
david508540::Not to worry, Kings will go on a 7 game losing streak to make all well in the universe.
hahahaha58::I agree
david508540::I didnt see the game, who was playing PG, Evans?
supe540::I've only seen Fredette look good in a couple of games this year.  He's looked mediocre to poor in the others I've seen.
79dannyo::Yea i think both.
Michael68948::and closing in on 40% on 3 pointers, boy must be a lot of Utah Ute fans posting, or they're stupid.
KingGeorge53::Who's a PO team?   Portland?    They're in a fight to the finish to get the bottom spot.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::The fact of the matter is the Kings beat a playoff team when Jimmer rides the bench...is it a coincidence?
Michael68948::do you ever look at the stats? HE'S LEADING THE TEAM IN 3P%  made 9 of 13 lat 3 games he's played, are people just jimmer haters or stupid, (both?)
david508540::He only shot that % a couple games ago. He has been under 30% most of the season, and under 25% on his 3's also. He is lost.
TaipeiMort::The other day I saw Cousins just jack up a three with 20 seconds left on the shot clock. This team is embarrassing and ridiculous.
supe540::Great move firing Westphal.  Tired old coach that was teaching nothing and getting nothing.  Maybe Smart can bring some game out of Jimmer.
supe540::Coach 'em up.  There's talent on this young team.  Fredette could be part of the nucleus but he's going to need to improve.
79dannyo::amen
TaipeiMort::Its because his teammates are selfish losers who don't pass the ball at all. I have seen so many plays where Jimmer (or Isaiah Thomas) is open and their teammates just don't pass to them. The kid is shooting almost 40% from three. They should give him the ball and let him shoot.
david508540::maybe if the team would make those open shots it wouldnt be like that. No king is making their shots consistently.
TaipeiMort::Jimmer Fredette= Rosa Parks of the Kings.   He is the only unselfish player on the entire team and is being treated like crap by his teammates.
randymossallday::i wouldn't say he has more talent then Evens or thorton.. even though they are shoot first guards they clearly have more ability then Jimmer does....Jimmer isn't much more then a shooter at this point. he isn't even an average defender nor can he even knock down jumpshots at a high percentage. if he can't knockdown a jumpshot what else does he bring to the table? he can't create for others...he isn't a great passer, again he isn't even an average defender...not an elite ball handler..yet people think he should play infront of a jack like thorton who is a better shooter right now then jimmer and he is a volume scorer..lol
TaipeiMort::Exactly. He is in a horrible situation. He is really good offensively, but his teammates wont let him shoot.
79dannyo::He is some of their best talent.  He just plays with selfish players, and lets face it...they are threatened by Jimmer.
randymossallday::being unselfish does not make him a quality player....the kings need to put their best talent on the floor on a nightly basis...
david508540::He's not ready yet, to lead the team. He is lost out there. Guess what they win without him, hmmmm.
jisaac5611::If you need to end a losing streak play Portland at home and it will end
Kobelies247:::O
roymullins::I got made fun of last night for saying that Gerald Wallace isn't anything special... no need to look any further than his performance tonight...
Kobelies247::Not by me... :)
79dannyo::Yea so the kings won..big deal.  They still need a lot of work.  Also, is it just me or is Marcus Thornton horribly overrated.  I mean yea so he scored 20 points...big freakin deal.  He went 4 for 13.  Also why is Jimmer not playing?? Yea so he is only shooting 39% from the field, he is only taking 5 shots a game.  Even kobe starts out games 1 of 7.  He is the only one on the team that actually wants to play TEAM ball.  Evans, Thornton, Salmons.....all a bunch of ball glory hogs.  How many times has Jimmer been open at the 3, but his "teammates" instead don't pass the ball and throw up some pathetic shot.  I really feel bad for him, so much talent and he is stuck on a team and stuck with a coach that won't help him realize his full potential.  Also that other guy who made the comment, "No mormons= Winning".  Wow, what a pathetic and completely derogatory statement. I am embarrassed to even be cheering for the same team.  I don't care what your religious affiliations are, but to say something so ridiculous and short sighted is down right pathetic.
jisaac5611::It's time for a blackbuster trade, we need a guard that can close OR else scrape Felton, Wallace, and Camby and start the rebuild around aldridge, Mathews and Batum, there is not point of battling for an 8th seed to loose in the first round!!!!!!!!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::It's time for you to go back to school.....There is not point?? loose??
jisaac5611::How does an up tempo team not score on two 3 on 1s, WTF Wallace plays like Lebron in portland and Luke Walton on the road, 8 points and the biggest concern is only 3 rebounds????????? PLAY LIKE YOU DO AT HOME it's simple
Calioyo::holy crap blazers, there has to be something with this road issue...  cant beat anybody on the road, i bet you would lose to Charlotte on the road at this point...  Nate needs to learn how to coach after halftime
Kobelies247::Pretty much
manymarks::from the looks of the stats seems like the refs once again made sure the home team won,  29 to 16 and they made 6 more than the blazers attmpt
Kobelies247::Thats right blame the refs!
cowboyschris50::Jimmer hurt?
Michael68948::He has been playing better, 9 for 13 on 3 pointers in the last 3 games. Worst thing that could have happened to him was Westphal getting fired. Geez look at T. Evans 23% from 3's? Jimmer's leading the team in 3 point % and he's on the bench......go figure.
JacobyJ4::lol... you are so smart.  How did you acquire such intelligence... seriously they won because Salmons didn't play like garbage... Jimmer is far better than the four point lousy thomas put up..
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::the kings won the game......go figure
cowboyschris50::i thought he had recently been playing better, even starting??
Mikecito::Just trade him already... Kings don't need him, and there are teams that would fit him much better.  All the Kings wanted were the increase in ticket sales and jerseys sold.
jgordon46::Nope, just not good enough to get in the game.
Kobelies247::Michael Holton NEXT Blazer COACH???
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::GG Blazers. Good win, hope we can get 2 in a row. GN all, GO KINGS!
Kobelies247::lol huh?
Kobelies247::Another QUIET night in portland? Can you hear the eastwinds? LOL
rromero076::I'm out good night basketball junkies
maxsexhammer::Scalabrine-Mbenga 2012
rromero076::I understand, Its all good. I just like watching basketball like us all on here. I do admit the blazers organization has been flaky, you see why they dont give a true report on Odens status
Kobelies247::NO the organization has FLAT out lied to its fans!!! Thats why i no longer support them!
Kobelies247::Dont get me started on Oden lol
jcfizzlevn::Kings won one. Nice.
Kobelies247::lol
rromero076::I take it you dont root for 1 team on a regular basis
Kobelies247::But no not really... Im a griffin and nash fan tho
Kobelies247::Use to be portland...
rromero076::Dude Ive been watching this team from the early 90's your telling me that they sucked then too right?
Kobelies247::Nope thats why i said 12 years  LOL wow
Kobelies247::nice game MILLER!! Sorry ROY ran you out of portland and im sorry the blazers supported it
Kobelies247::I liked miller to be honest its Nate and Roy i questioned over and over
dankfranks_155::But when Miller was with Portland he was trash right?
Kobelies247::We would just not as bad
UOduckUO::lol we wouldn't have these 4th qtr problems if we had roy.
rromero076::You support a team up and down, So you must only favor teams that are always winning, right?
Kobelies247::6'5 205 can i sit on your lap?  Tough guy
Kobelies247::lil dude LOL youre so cute
dankfranks_155::Haha yeah, because you are a child. Thats how I talk to children.
Kobelies247::For 12 years and going? I dont think so..... Blazers are done and fans are starting to except that fact!  you should as well
dankfranks_155::Haha just go to bed lil dude.
rromero076::Yah, see there you go. Obviously you sound like a Cali fan
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::Salmons plays the sf, jimmer and it should share backup time behind thornton and evans
Kobelies247::I just question how ppl can continue to support a team thats going NOWHERE!!!!
MLV_24::Only 975 comments and more than a half are spammers comments. Get a life idiot
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::clips getting smashed in the mouth, love it
Kobelies247::Clips still 100 times better than portland and COACHED
ESPN-Mods-Eat A Dick::<i><b>General Sherman (February 8, 1820 – February 14, 1891) was an American soldier, businessman, educator and author. He served as a General in the Union Army during the American Civil War (1861–65), for which he received recognition for his outstanding command of military strategy as well as criticism for the harshness of the "scorched earth" policies that he implemented in conducting total war against the Confederate States.[1] Military historian B. H. Liddell Hart famously declared that Sherman was "the first modern general".[2] Sherman served under General Ulysses S. Grant in 1862 and 1863 during the campaigns that led to the fall of the Confederate stronghold of Vicksburg on the Mississippi River and culminated with the routing of the Confederate armies in the state of Tennessee. In 1864, Sherman succeeded Grant as the Union commander in the western theater of the war. He proceeded to lead his troops to the capture of the city of Atlanta, a military success that contributed to the re-election of President Abraham Lincoln. Sherman's subsequent march through Georgia and the Carolinas further undermined the Confederacy's ability to continue fighting. He accepted the surrender of all the Confederate armies in the Carolinas, Georgia, and Florida in April 1865. When Grant assumed the U.S. presidency in 1869, Sherman succeeded him as Commanding General of the Army (1869–83). As such, he was responsible for the U.S. Army's engagement in the Indian Wars over the next 15 years, in the western United States. He steadfastly refused to be drawn into politics and in 1875 published his Memoirs, one of the best-known firsthand accounts of the Civil War.</b></i>
ESPN-Mods-Eat A Dick::<i><b>General Sherman (February 8, 1820 – February 14, 1891) was an American soldier, businessman, educator and author. He served as a General in the Union Army during the American Civil War (1861–65), for which he received recognition for his outstanding command of military strategy as well as criticism for the harshness of the "scorched earth" policies that he implemented in conducting total war against the Confederate States.[1] Military historian B. H. Liddell Hart famously declared that Sherman was "the first modern general".[2] Sherman served under General Ulysses S. Grant in 1862 and 1863 during the campaigns that led to the fall of the Confederate stronghold of Vicksburg on the Mississippi River and culminated with the routing of the Confederate armies in the state of Tennessee. In 1864, Sherman succeeded Grant as the Union commander in the western theater of the war. He proceeded to lead his troops to the capture of the city of Atlanta, a military success that contributed to the re-election of President Abraham Lincoln. Sherman's subsequent march through Georgia and the Carolinas further undermined the Confederacy's ability to continue fighting. He accepted the surrender of all the Confederate armies in the Carolinas, Georgia, and Florida in April 1865. When Grant assumed the U.S. presidency in 1869, Sherman succeeded him as Commanding General of the Army (1869–83). As such, he was responsible for the U.S. Army's engagement in the Indian Wars over the next 15 years, in the western United States. He steadfastly refused to be drawn into politics and in 1875 published his Memoirs, one of the best-known firsthand accounts of the Civil War.</b></i>
ESPN-Mods-Eat A Dick::<i><b>General Sherman (February 8, 1820 – February 14, 1891) was an American soldier, businessman, educator and author. He served as a General in the Union Army during the American Civil War (1861–65), for which he received recognition for his outstanding command of military strategy as well as criticism for the harshness of the "scorched earth" policies that he implemented in conducting total war against the Confederate States.[1] Military historian B. H. Liddell Hart famously declared that Sherman was "the first modern general".[2] Sherman served under General Ulysses S. Grant in 1862 and 1863 during the campaigns that led to the fall of the Confederate stronghold of Vicksburg on the Mississippi River and culminated with the routing of the Confederate armies in the state of Tennessee. In 1864, Sherman succeeded Grant as the Union commander in the western theater of the war. He proceeded to lead his troops to the capture of the city of Atlanta, a military success that contributed to the re-election of President Abraham Lincoln. Sherman's subsequent march through Georgia and the Carolinas further undermined the Confederacy's ability to continue fighting. He accepted the surrender of all the Confederate armies in the Carolinas, Georgia, and Florida in April 1865. When Grant assumed the U.S. presidency in 1869, Sherman succeeded him as Commanding General of the Army (1869–83). As such, he was responsible for the U.S. Army's engagement in the Indian Wars over the next 15 years, in the western United States. He steadfastly refused to be drawn into politics and in 1875 published his Memoirs, one of the best-known firsthand accounts of the Civil War.</b></i>
