EzB23::Was at the game, and regardless of the talent of team they played in Hornets, i was just happy to see them get a W. Almost every game i have been to the past 2-3 seasons they lost lol. I dont see this team leaving Sacramento. I do see the brooms coming out next seasons and cleaning house. Kings have a chance to be a 40 win team ( 2 shy of 30 this season so far ) with a new coach and a top 10 pick. Some adjustments, good shooting and some defense we can go for 8th seed next season. Good shooting tonight !
EzB23::I will catch up on this great conversation, later on today. Got along day ahead of me come 7 am lol. Later and good chatting with you.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Ok good chatting w u...GO KINGS!!
EzB23::True, you dont need to be athletic to be a great basketball player, look at tim duncan, his 90 percent all fundamentals. I could care less about the maloofs, they pretty much became hopeless after 05/06 season. I am 90 percent sure we stay. The new ownership group has too much to offer for the nba to just give up after 7-15 days of deliberation. Its easier to keep a team in its original city, and alot harder for the order to come down that it needs to move to another city. I dont see david stern wanting to have 2 great market teams relocated under his belt. I started watching the kings since i was 10, favorite sport and team. Will be hard to replace them.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::I agree...90% sounds about right. How bad would the NBA look if Sac did everything it could (when it shouldn't have come this far anyways) got another arena deal done, 10. 000 season tickets already sold and on and on, then the NBA turn around and let the Hansen sale go through. What else more could they want? To me the bottom line is it should never have gone this far, and Sac has done nothing wrong here. Sern stopped the Anaheim move, said get an arena deal done and we did. So then the Maloofs just get to turn it down and move anyways??? No freakin way!!!!
EzB23::I just looked at his gamelog, i think that was against the suns back in December, but he didnt have dnp afterwards, Regardless he came up with 11 pts in the 4Q, total of 22 pts, 3 rbs, and 1 ast in 22 mins. Im not saying all his game will be like this given the mins, but he seems to be the most consistent off the bench. So who do you think would be first in line to replace smart ?
Only real fans stick with bad teams::I remember that game, it was a diff game. He had a great game that night tho....He's got the potential to be a big time player in this league. Ya he's not the most athletically gifted player in the league but neither is Matt Bonner. I don't think anyone ever said John Stockton or Larry Bird were amazing athletes but they had great bball IQs and could hit shots. Same w Jimmer. I really don't wanna see him leave and thrive somewhere else. As far as a replacement for Smart I honestly couldn't say. I haven't been as diehard since the Maloofs sold the team. I mean I almost started crying when the news broke. I grew up here, I played bball my whole life, and what they're doing is wrong on so many levels. Once we get to keep the team I'll be my normal Kings loving self again lol.
EzB23::LOL i was telling my brother that earlier when we were at the game, jimmer hits back to back 3's in the 4th Q, and i had a weird feeling that he would be swept back on the bench, i think the better he does the less mins he gets. So maybe he should miss a few shots if he wants to stay on the court lol ;). James Johnson was mostly brought in for his defense at SF position, besides the game winning shot, he has not shown much else on the court.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::I like his defense tho, and his shot (which was Gawd awful earlier this year) has gotten better, although he just missed like 10 games and is getting fat and missing shots again.  I remember earlier in the year Jimmer only played in the 2nd half (don't remember the team) and single handedly brought the Kings back and won the game. He scored 12 points in limited action and got some key assists and steals. The very next day Smart says he's changing his rotation and Jimmer got 3 dnp's in a row.....I have no idea what to make of that. I can't wait for Sac to get a real coach.
EzB23::Kings offense isnt going anywhere, new coach next season needs to preach defense 24/7. It will be impossible for us to even get the 8th seed, relying solely on our offense. I know people will flip out, but i think this entire cousins situation is overblown, He does get frustrated, ( which great player doesnt ) Put lebron on the kings and see how fast his hair turns white lol. ( just saying ) Agreed only right think paul westphal did is run the ball thru tyreke, and have cousins play more in the middle. Other then that didnt like his sub rotations. Keith is starting to look like paul with his lineup adjustments.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Ya the Kings might be the most offensively talented team in the league. I don't have a clue what Smart is thinking w his rotations. Jimmer plays good he gets benched, James Johnson's play gets significantly better earlier in the year and his mins get reduced....I don't get it.
EzB23::I know what you mean, kind of sad to be aiming for 30 wins, season after season, even harder to stomach that there is a possibility that tyreke or demarcus might be trade bait to mix the roster up. ( 2 of my favorite players )
Only real fans stick with bad teams::I love those guys too. DMC is a headcase but w the right coach he could turn it around, its happened in the NBA before. I think Reke should go back to the point, he thrived there in his rookie year. Don't really understand the change, it wasn't broke, dunno why they thought it should be fixed.
EzB23::Thanks, created a new account here, haven't used old one for a while and forgot password lol. Whats your opinion on kings reaching 30 wins this season ?
Only real fans stick with bad teams::You're right the Kings have good talent just need a better coach and someone who looks to pass first (plus what u said our d is terrible). I'd like to see Jimmer play more....he's got a really good off awareness.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Good question. Unfortunately often times the Kings have been judged here on whether or not they hit 30 wins, w all the bad seasons. I'm really hoping they reach it this year!. I don't like pulling for my team to tank.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::I agree, well said.
itsatrap13::Good game Hornets fans. Good luck to you guys at the end of the season-hope AD is alright.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Ya def, hope he's ok.
Wilsonator12::So sad last game for the Kings at home. I feel bad for Kings fans. :(
EzB23::What whipped said.  I hope we beat shaqs toe nail clippers  LOL !
Whipped18::The last game is actually Apr 17th against clippers.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::I feel bad for your mom for dropping u on your head as a baby so many times, wouldn't have such a $@%!$@ for a son.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Last thing u should be doing is feeling bad for someone else bro
jkclemen::Marcus Thornton and Outlaw will do anything to get out of Sac Town.  You see em sayn "save my Monty."  Poor guys
run4john13::pretty sure thornton signed a 4 year contract to stay IN sacramento last year
Only real fans stick with bad teams::More like get away from the Ma-goofs
packa83wolf4urTrip::that was messed up douglas
jkclemen::Pelicans get #1 pick draft Noel.
packa83wolf4urTrip::damnit fredette
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Hey Wilsonator how many feet of rain did Seattle get today?
godawgs0017::dont tell them that, those morons will come up here.
Go_Sounders::Fact: It rains more in Miami than it does in Seattle. Morons...
itsatrap13::He's on his raft right now.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Lol yep trolling and waiting for the firefighters to come rescue him.
jkclemen::I was wondering what happened to Jimmer ...
packa83wolf4urTrip::race wars
SouthAlabamaBiggestFan::Who even cares about the Sonics? The most exciting new mascot next year already belongs to the PELICANS!
Wilsonator12::Super Sonics CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP   Super Sonics CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP  Super Sonics CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP  Super Sonics CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP   Super Sonics CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::What's the word on AD's knee?
Wilsonator12::Kings cheerleaders are fat.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Yawn. Fail.
packa83wolf4urTrip::the little girls were cute with their jimmer jerseys on...
Wilsonator12::Super Sonics CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP  Super Sonics CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP Super Sonics CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP Super Sonics CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP  Super Sonics CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Whats it like to have absolutley no life? Maybe I should move to Seattle and see for my self...
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Rude.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Kings should have went after Calipari to coach Cousins.  Too late now. Next years Kentucky team is ba-nay-nays!
jkclemen::Who picks the Hawks and Wolves?  Come on NBA!
Wilsonator12::comback?
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Too much rain in Seattle to do anything but troll I guess...
SouthAlabamaBiggestFan::Hornets need to give the ball to Gordon every possesion to jack up his stats. Let's pray we can get at least something decent tradewise for him. (Klay thompson???)
jkclemen::Just give me Noel
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Remember the other day when Wilsonator said Hansen owned like 72% of the Kings HAHAHAHAHAHA. That post will never get too old to laugh at
packa83wolf4urTrip::im confused, what part is the tickler.... is it just not true.. maybe he meant when seattle aquires the kings he will own 71%
Wilsonator12::He does
Only real fans stick with bad teams::HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Wilsonator12::Way to go Sonics!
ballerbooboo::oh wait i fogot...hornets love to cover the halftime or game spread when they lose big...thats why the starter still out there...LOL
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Who are the Kings eyeing in the draft? MCW? Smart? Burke?
jkclemen::Noel is the only one that matters
itsatrap13::Hope not MCW-he's fun to watch but terribly inconsistent. Then again he would fit in rather well -.-
packa83wolf4urTrip::Probably someone who they wont play
jkclemen::Kings are tanking
colaroaster::cousins hates everything about saco
Wilsonator12::Now we can call the team the Super Sonics!
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Now we can call u the biggest loser in all of Seattle....considering how depressing it is there that's a pretty big accomplishment!!
FS_The_2nd::go away
itsatrap13::Time for some ugly looking free throws from Cole Aldrich.
banu36::The pick from INTPICKS was over 202 and covered with 5 mins left :) Nice!!!!
packa83wolf4urTrip::COLE ALDRICH IS ONE UGLY FELLA
FS_The_2nd::Did Davis walk on his own to the locker room? damn, twitter feed says he was helped off the court. Hope it isnt too bad
bigbluenation90::he walked on his own lets pray its not bad
NolaJag::Marcus Thornton is literally still finding ways to hurt the hornets.
madnessUNC::great offensive piece, but he didn't work well in the system and didn't play defense. i had heard the two didn't get along at all. i liked thorton a lot at the Hornets, and especially at LSU.
FS_The_2nd::To be fair, he was never really given a chance to prove himself here (in NO)
NolaJag::Yeah, for some reason Monty always had a grudge against him
ballerbooboo::that was dumb....leaving davis in the game when the game is over......esp towards the end of the season too...
TIGRES1441::Hope Davis is OK
Wilsonator12::Last victory for the Kings before they come to Seattle!
YankeeNation5::Why are you Seattle fans so annoying?
itsatrap13::Good for you! Love days like that. Hope you enjoyed it-looks like the Kings are trying to make the day even better.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Whoops, heard rain and automatically assumed Seattle....meanwhile in Sac was 80 degree perfect day
itsatrap13::Meant the Yanks/Indians game lol
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Rain in Seattle.....u don't say :)
itsatrap13::Too bad today's game got rained out -.-
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Someone has no life
bigbluenation90::Hornets got run out the gym
bigbluenation90::Jimmer Mr. range
banu36::INTPICKS had over 202. It looks line another easy winner after Nets won outright already. Cash it baby!! These guys are on fire. Now 25-9
booya2526::wow so let me get this right they are up by 28 and jimmer is going to get a dnp- coaches decision $@%! you keith smart you are a horrible coach and clueless
booya2526::i apolgize for the racist remark thats not true be he is a horrible coach...
booya2526::haha i guess so and what happens of course 2 3s right away it reallys sucks to see one of the best pure shooters in the nba not to hardly play at all this season
booya2526::Markiemormon - BS  what is bs
Markiemormon::BS
itsatrap13::He must have heard you.
somethingtosay002::Wow, it's still the 3rd quarter.  We are sitting here watching this game, for some reason:  hoping Jimmer will show, or just delusional Kings or Hornets fans.  Is this real life?
packa83wolf4urTrip::JUDGE YE THAT YE BE NOT JUDGED
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Dude how do u like 4 NBA teams, of which two are the Kings and Lakers.......SMH
somethingtosay002::I've lived in different cities and started to pick up teams along the way.  I learned to enjoy the success of the city I'm living in.  But my childhood team was the Nuggets.
itsatrap13::He's bored I guess.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Or maybe there's some actual real fans here...
Jim7419::Ryan Anderson is in a horrible shooting slump - 13 for 58 in his last 5 games. Nice homecoming - 1 for 10 tonight.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::He usually kills the Kings, def not tonight though.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Wildcat u know u would have taken the money too....end of conversation.
WildcatRJMacReady::I'm not mad at davis... It's the idiots who run the NBA.  He is a great talent, no doubt about.  I have nothing against davis
NolaJag::"what was the point of Anthony Davis going pro? so he could average 13 ppg and 8rpg on a crap team? this is why the nba sucks an college basketball suffers for it" ---------------------------  There is a lot more to the NBA than scoring points. People are quick to look at a player's points per game to judge a player's all around game. That is why Damien Lillard, with his 39 minutes per game, is going to win even though he has not played spectacular (barely above average PER). Davis has an excellent PER, and has a very good all around game. His offense is actually better than what most people expected it to be. Not to mention, he had limited minutes for the majority of the season. Lillard will win based on stats. However, if you think PPG defines how good a player is, than this Kings team should be a lot better than a 27 win team.
Allblacktomford::We are in an era of running and excitement alley oops .. Big man just developed the way the generation enjoys watching
Allblacktomford::Wildcat sounds like a wannabe basketball player and hates on kids leaving early because he probably ha a dream to play in the pros
WildcatRJMacReady::Lol... just upset with the state of the nba big man
bigbluenation90::@Allblacktomford.. yeah I knew that he's developed a great big man game too with his reach and long arms
Allblacktomford::His whole life he played like a guard. Only played big man the previous 3 years of his life
WildcatRJMacReady::thats fine, you can go ahead an come up with money or devalue ppg all you want.  The point is, there is no reason for half these players to be rushed to the nba for no other reason than an agent is telling them too an NBA team is drafting them for what they will produce 4 years from now.  Ewing averaged 20/9 his rookie year.  Olajuwon 20/12, Robinson 24/12... O'Neil 24/13... they all had over 2 bpg also... today's big men suck cause they never develop correctly
NolaJag::I still don't understand the developing in college argument. Yes, some players can not produce at the NBA level immediately (Austin Rivers). Yet with a player like Davis, who can compete at 20 years old, why not go ahead and play in the NBA? In the past year Davis won a national championship, played on the olympic team, and then gained an entire year of NBA experience. He's had tremendous growth in the second half of this season alone.
Allblacktomford::Dude, wildcat $@%!. It's like a job promotion.  You are a volunteer why risk your career if you can get a job and get paid like a millionaire
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Would u have taken the money?
Allblacktomford::Hs offense is as good as I thought it was. For people not knowing that is not basketball junk heads like me LOL.  Anthony Davis was actually a guard until he hit a growth spurts grew about 6 inches in a summer LOL
itsatrap13::Completely agreed with that. He's good but some muscle would make him an absolute force.
FS_The_2nd::Yep, I believe he's still 19. He just needs to add about 20-25 lbs of muscle. That could take a couple years though
itsatrap13::What's he, 19? He might have a few more inches in him.
FS_The_2nd::He has actually grown about an inch since he has been with the Hornets. He's 6'11 now
FS_The_2nd::I agree wholeheartedly
Only real fans stick with bad teams::WildcatRJMacReady - thats good for only him it sucks for everyone else  U holding out for a world where ppl put aside what they want/need most in their life ($$$) because some fan might get his feelings hurt?? LOLOLOL. U would of done the same thing if u were him.
Allblacktomford::WTF kings STEP IT UP. MY LAKERS IS LOOKING GOOD BUT NOT KINGS ALWAYS THE $@%!$@% CASE
FS_The_2nd::Xavier Henry can pack his bags after this season along with most of the bench
Allblacktomford::Take a 18+ lead into the 4th and wrap it up
itsatrap13::You must be new to Kings games. They'll make it difficult for themselves.
Allblacktomford::Up 24 now 14 and I'm giving 6 kings better not blow this dam it
bassadilla05::Has Patterson seriously fallen out of the Sacramento rotation?
Only real fans stick with bad teams::He's got a back injury
itsatrap13::You never know. Smart might be giving him the shaft.
TIGRES1441::Keith smart found out that his great great grandmother on his fathers side is white lol
bassadilla05::ok, my bad
WildcatRJMacReady::what was the point of Anthony Davis going pro? so he could average 13 ppg and 8rpg on a crap team? this is why the nba sucks an college basketball suffers for it
bigbluenation90::that's just the way it is now man kids can play
bigbluenation90::He starts and will be 1st team all rookie not trying to put you down
bigbluenation90::yeah that makes little sense plus he's doing really good
WildcatRJMacReady::really well would be averaging 20 an 10 on a crap team for the #1 overall pick
somethingtosay002::Oh, $30+ million might have come in to the thinking.
WildcatRJMacReady::the nba has gotten worse at the big men positions. they had to take the center position off the all star ballot for god sakes
NolaJag::Or maybe he is getting a lot better in the NBA by gaining NBA experience, and playing against better athletes. I agree that some athletes need to stay in college because they can not produce immediately (see Austin Rivers) but Davis has already vastly improved in the second half of this season.
WildcatRJMacReady::Its all about getting paid as soon as possible.  its why the nba is garbage
WildcatRJMacReady::he could have stayed an gotten a lot better in college, than to be rushed to the NBA, have no competition at his position on his team, an play limited minutes.
NolaJag::Sucks for everyone else? I don't think Anthony Davis really cares what other people think. He's also played incredible in limited minutes this year.
WildcatRJMacReady::thats good for only him it sucks for everyone else
Only real fans stick with bad teams::That's a pretty good point...
TIGRES1441::Davis needs to lose the eyebrow pencil
TIGRES1441::no way that is real.
TIGRES1441::TIGRES1441 - itsatrap13 - Pteradactyl sounds like a fine NBA team name.  seattle pteradactyls LOL  they wont even need a mascot, they will only need davis on the team
TIGRES1441::itsatrap13 - Pteradactyl sounds like a fine NBA team name.  seattle pteradactyls LOL
itsatrap13::Pteradactyl sounds like a fine NBA team name.
TIGRES1441::itsatrap13 - Like a pelican? ;)  a pteradactyl
itsatrap13::Like a pelican? ;)
TIGRES1441::looks like a large bird flying off toward the horizon
packa83wolf4urTrip::smart looks like a big dumb smut spot
