kim 2331::INTPICKS did it again!!! OKC easily covered -10 and Nets won outright! Now 8-1 last 3 days!!! Cash it baby!!!!
GodofAcid::DE-TROIT BAS-KET-BALL
DetroitGuy4983::Way to f uck up a chance to move up the draft odds Pistons
mngmikes::are the pistons trying to screw up a higher chance at a better draft pick? there is nothing to play for now...
Wyatt7621::i like the fact that they still want to win in my personal opinion having a 7th or 8th draft pick is better than having a top 5 draft pick
Trespayne::They do this every year. They go on a tear at the end to fall from a top 4-5 pick to like 7-8. The last 3 years (monroe, knight, drummond) all happened the same way.
t casey::I, personally, admire the fact that they're still fighting and trying to win, even if it's not in the team's best interest as far as the lottery goes. I don't like it 100%, but I respect it and can get behind it.
t casey::Good win Pistons and Good luck heading into the draft Bobcats fans. Hopefully not better luck than us, but good luck nonetheless. ;-)
Shabazz54::All say the chant "its only an ankle sprain for Andre Drummond, its only an ankle sprain for Andre Drummond ooooommmmmmm"
TheJTram::In other irrelevant news, counting this game, we are 4-4 with Drummond's return from that back injury. It took Frank THIS LONG to figure out Drummond was our X factor...smh
t casey::Seems it always takes an injury before Frank realizes that changes need to be made.
Cracksal::Im starting to think that Jordan bets against Charlotte.
Shabazz54::Who is betting on Charlotte?
TheJTram::Yeah we probably should let go of Jose after this season. I guess the real reason for him to come to the Pistons was to teach Knight to be a better PG and the fact that Calderon isn't the best defender lol.
KoRReaction::That and the cap space he gives us after this season.
TheJTram::Hey as long as Knight figures out to work the Pick n Roll more effectively, it's worth it
Cracksal::Hes like a backcourt vampire with young guards. He bled Tj Ford dry and almost did the same to Kyle Lowery.
Vander Sway::http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=poWFzY6cTW0
TheJTram::FFFFF noooooooooo not Drummond
ccgagnon365::It's only a flesh wound Andre hold still!
TheJTram::At this point of the season, why not get Jerebko to the starting 3 spot and move Singler back to the 2
Cracksal::Thats WAY too simple for Larry Frank. It took him months to figure out that he had a potentially dominant center riding the pine.
alraguc1::frank is in over his head.  He doesn't what he is doing.  Why they hired him is a mystery.
TheJTram::Well...it is Frank
bburwell00::Get rid of everyone on the pistons besides Drummond. Monroe sucks.
Cracksal::You sound dumb.
bballgun2::wow great idea lets rebuild for another 4 years *sarcasm*
TheJTram::Damn just read this article somewhere that Otto Porter might be staying another year
Cracksal::I doubt Smart stays. Its already being established that he's Orlando's pick if they land either of the top two picks.
bballgun2::i want marcus smart
bballgun2::yeah i guess so...  he might stay in college another year anyways
Cracksal::bballgun2 - yeah but hes a better passer than bk7 so if they cant sign jose then why not?  Jose is garbage. Marcus Smart would be an option if youd didnt already have Stuckey locked up for another year and Knight. Knights struggles have more to do with the Pistons management and coaching than anything. He looked great without Prince in the lineup diluting ball movement, then here comes No Way (That Im playing D) Jose...
bballgun2::yeah but hes a better passer than bk7 so if they cant sign jose then why not?
TheJTram::Isnt he like a combo guard
Cracksal::For some reason, I just dont like Porter.
Cracksal::TheJTram - Was it because his disappointing performance in the NCAA tournament  No, its from watching his game film, actually. A guy his size should be way more aggresive with the ball and his jumpshot is just slow and awkward. Now McLemore I dont like because of his tourny performance.
TheJTram::Was it because his disappointing performance in the NCAA tournament
Cracksal::Oladipo. Porters jumper makes Shawn Marions look smooth and he plays slow at times.
TheJTram::Oladipo was my other option in case Porter wasnt falling at our pick
TheJTram::http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/mar/24/otto-porter-jr-faces-decision-georgetown-faces-ref/?page=all
detroit tigers for the win::i want burke
TheJTram::Another guard?
Talentsojhin::Why is MKG still on the bench?
Cracksal::Because Jordan has $100k bet on the Pistons.
Shabazz54::The Drummond steal dunk the stunk or the deal?
detroit tigers for the win::the weirdest part about the Drummond alley oops is that it doesn't even seem like he's jumping that high
detroit tigers for the win::Drummond is a man among boys
DTownSportsLions81::Drummond is a beast
digimon.emperorv3::i respect all the loyal fans here
steelersbobcatsredsox::kick ball violation right there on monroe
steelersbobcatsredsox::but of course the ref missed it
steelersbobcatsredsox::i should have known when i left when the bobcats were up 7 that when i came back theyd be down
High Tolerance When Yo Age Dont Exist::Kemba playing with no help. What's brandon knight's excuse?
9edr0::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJ4T9CQA0UM  random video about a guy on a buffalo
StompYourFace25::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAcerISqI8s  If you want a giggle
9edr0::lol
izzo is mr march::Funny how the mock draft has us with a # 5 pick.That's just a prediction. When is the lottery draw day?
Shabazz54::Have a mini party for the the lottery draw, when your 4 years out of the playoffs its that important
StompYourFace25::may 21
Hi There_::may 21. draft is june 27
9edr0::June 27 i think
9edr0::yea its may 21 got draft day and lottery day mixed up
Shabazz54::Pistons announcer Greg Kelser "In your face!" Bismack Biyombo "yes, yes it was in my face" :(
StompYourFace25::If you were a benchwarmer in the NBA that nobody ever heard of and you made a 95ft gamewinning shot in quintuple overtime in Game 7 of the NBA finals, what would your reaction be?
9edr0::i would start the next Linsanity and sign a big contract and then regress back to being average
9edr0::yea still thinking about that....probably....go crazy for a minute then run around some and then when the media people came to me i would do the dumbest interview ever
StompYourFace25::no i mean on the spot right when you see it go through the hoop in a perfect swish
9edr0::which name is better....Bobcats or Hornets
t casey::Hornets. It's not greats, but Bobcats sounds like a college team.
steelersbobcatsredsox::personally blue and orange are my fav colors so i hope it stays bobcats
StompYourFace25::like the Hornets name, but Bobcats jersey :(
GradeA10714::Bobcats
9edr0::only Charlotte allows random players such as Jerebko get 17pts in 1 half
tuuklu::any reason why monroe didn't play in the 2nd?
9edr0::Charlotte needs a good physical offensive,rebounding C or PF
GradeA10714::Kemba has 24 at the half and your team is still down 6 to the Pistons.  #pathetic
Talentsojhin::well you can't really stop a team shooting nearly 80 percent from three....The bobcats don't defend the perimeter anyways.
StompYourFace25::I have to tinkle  if someone makes a half courter i will go  if not I won't
StompYourFace25::that counts too i just have to go really bad
Talentsojhin::Drummond holds people on almost every play :P
StompYourFace25::24 for kemba already? dayum son
StompYourFace25::Pistons fans, Smart or Burke?  Bobcats fans, McLemore or Noel?
Talentsojhin::I'd rather they draft a big that is not made of glass like Noel. Maybe trade down and get Len.
9edr0::i dont think Len will enter draft he is to raw
StompYourFace25::eh no thanks unless we can get him with the pick from portland if we get it. he is allergic to defense
MansGame5313::Neither Oladipo. I'm a pistons fan by the way
9edr0::well...hmmmm.....McLemore isn't hurt....but Noel is what Charlotte needs.....tough one
9edr0::Charlotte all time best team  Adam Morrison Matt Carroll  Diop Sean May  Alexis Ajinca   FLIP MURRAY  so good like 5 HOF players right there
StompYourFace25::uhhh.... WHERE IS FLIP MURRAY
StompYourFace25::6* now
9edr0::OH SNAP......6th man!!!!
9edr0::Kemba is a very good shooter when he gets hot
MansGame5313::I want the Pistons to draft either McLemore or Oladipo. I am leaning more towards Oladipo cause he is a great defender something we desperately need. He reminds me a lot of Iguodala and that is just what we need. Our team should be committed entirely towards defense. That is what got us to the top and it will again
izzo is mr march::I think Trey Burke will be a better Draft selection.We can sign or trade for a solid SF
MansGame5313::I don't believe Burke will be near as good as people think. Plus BK and Burke as a backcourt we will get ran over
9edr0::Oladipo is a SG
kyle_kile::Is Drummond hurt?
joest2003::no
Hi There_::no
Talentsojhin::Did someone on the Bobcats hurt Charlie V (powder) at some point he always scores like 20 versus them.
9edr0::i think thats his 1st 4pt play
joest2003::he got one last year
StompYourFace25::i can't wait to see my boy desegana posterize the crap out of greg monroe later tonight.... he is going to hurdle him like vince carter but 100% cleaner
Talentsojhin::Diop is the reason there is hunger in Africa.
9edr0::yea man he is like the better african version of Shaq
StompYourFace25::according to the genius skip bayless 11 years ago, indeed he is.
High Tolerance When Yo Age Dont Exist::I wonder who gets number 1 pick...I feel like it will be New Orleans again but Magic seems to be the one to get it. Seems like the Bobcats get stiffed 99% of the time.
StompYourFace25::it will be the magic because they just lost their star.... just like when cleveland lost lebron and NO lost  paul
9edr0::Orlando will probably get it...but i really dont care...like 5 players could be #1 pick this year
High Tolerance When Yo Age Dont Exist::If Orlando gets it they will go after Noel for sure. Bobcats would also go after Noel but they really should go after McLemore for his shooting. Bobcats have a tough time spreading the floor with no 3 point shooters. Henderson doesn't feel comfortable shooting 3s. MKG doesn't go that far out either...
StompYourFace25::Of course literally right when I tune in I see two-three point possesions
The Gas Can::I tell you what these 2 teams do to the NBA...They lower the overall standard....They embarrass it. For all the good work Lebron, Kobe, Wade, Pierce and co do to make it an elite league, these 2 teams do the exact opposite....  They are absolute rat s##hit these teams...Why they are in the league is beyond any comprehension I have.....FOR F###CKS SAKES 18 and 60 and counting? Seriously?
