john59746::I remember when the bulls were relevant...
bogringo79::Spurs defense is top notch. Best bench in the NBA . Best unit in the NBA coached by the best coach in the NBA . Spurs will be ready come playoff time . Go Spurs Go
WeAreTheMenInBlack::Know what's funny?  The Spurs played last night ON ESPN, and there is no mention of the game on the front page.
I hate Jerry Jones::I'm sure it pained ESPN to have to air a Spurs game to begin with.
8486Chase::Go Talons
luvnbayes::Last night was a Spur time warp from the years 2007-2011.  Its when Pop would think to hmself, " Manu, I expect you  to win the game for us, but you have to do it in 26 minutes."
Notta Lespn1::I didn't want to do this but yo" i'm not buying the new D.rose adidas jumpers until he come back" or win a series or get to the finals or whatever! come on back deng hurting noah hurting taj hurting booz been hurt D. Rose we feel your pain just play
8486Chase::Lets go Talons
Notta Lespn1::nba should just cut the losses  fold up , let all the gimmicky allstar's join the heat  and hopefully challenge rodman and the globetrotter's for world domination while beating on ex-and 1 league players And then the Bulls purest form of Basketball will be greatly appreciated once more!
TitleOrBust::I am starting to get a little upset at my Hero DRose. He sees how this team is struggling mightily with out him due to all the injuries, Kirk, Taj, Rip, and we all know a 85% Rose is 100% better than the likes of Teague and Nate but he is still waiting... I am trying to be patient but it's wearing very thin right now. And The whole Adidas #TheReturn campaign needs to get to the climax already. If he #Returns next year the hype will be so lackluster it won't be a big deal and the whole campaign is a waste. Why not capitalize on it this year when everyone is hoping and waiting for #TheReturn. Chicago needs Derrick NOW.
I hate Jerry Jones::I'm amazed at how short sighted many BULLS fans seem to be in regards to Derrick Rose - This guys CAREER is at stake if he comes back too soon.  Wouldn't you rather he forego one more season and ensure he'll have 12 more excellent ones?  Sheesh.
Asian_Minority::This isn't some sore back. The man tore up his ACL not even a year ago. 85% isn't good enough when the other 15% means blowing out an incompletely healed knee and missing another year.  And let's face it, Bulls prob not going to win a chip this year.
Notta Lespn1::bulls, pacers=17 fta's total last night vs. perspective opp. cav's cant win till 2nd half, milwaukee always get hosed for the 8th seed in favor of some atlantic team and detroit?nba is hating on the central
Notta Lespn1::im just glad that the bulls have the 3rd most championships in the nba anything less than 6 championships is uncivilized
Notta Lespn1::if he joins the bulls it's on- rose butler deng duncan noah bullinelli taj
PMPJohn::I like his chances right where he is
mkwan0::Nice.  Don't count out Timmy, he is not done yet.  6 rings for him is unlikely but not impossible.
Notta Lespn1::2 current all-star's, coach of the year 100 % from the line 45% from 3pt line &amp; more off. reb. than the spurs.  yet the bulls lose on the road after boasting the best road record most of the season.  this year's bulls &amp; nba continue's to surprise me. entire bulls team 8-8 from the line? deng, why they be hating?
Lebroncouldcareless::GO HEAT!!!  16 STRAIGHT!
joemcleod83::Dwade CLEARLY fouled the shooter on that last New Orleans play. The ref was staring right at his hand slapping the crap out of the other guys hand, but NO CALL?  That would have won the game for New Orleans so of course there was no call. The Miami Refs with another victory.
Notta Lespn1::u preach n 2 the choir we know the heat cheat but their bandwagon fans deserve it watch it play out! Go Bulls
mkwan0::Also, 20 wins in a row last year was pretty nice (though it ended badly)
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Very impressive streak but still only the 2nd best record in the league behind the Spurs.  Another impressive streak is 14 straight (NBA record) seasons of at least 50 wins.  I bet you can't guess who has that streak?
rynospurs21::Wrong board
boomer6227::You can read about a transexual boxer, About ESPN speed, but you have to search for a Spurs link
I hate Jerry Jones::Typical
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::David Stern has nightmares about a potential Spurs vs Pacers NBA Finals!!!
mkwan0::It could be a new opportunity for directed advertising.  Each fan watching on TV would be able to have a commercial made just for them
trza49er23::Why would he be worried about that?  Indy has no chance to beat Miami in a best of 7.
trza49er23::regular season means nothing regarding the Heat.  Bulls were 3-0 against them a few years back and got thumped in 5 come playoff time.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I also disagree considering the Pacers were the last team to beat the Heat.  The Heat are 0-2 against the Pacers this year and lost both games by double figures.  So the Pacers are definitely capable of beating the Heat.  But both games were played in Indiana and they play again next Tuesday in Miami so I'm eager to see what happens then.
Redskins_Spurs_SEC::I beg to differ!
8486Chase::I hope Slam is selling grocerys at Wal-Mart one day
DalvinSplit::Awesome play by my Spurs,Up coming game against OKC is Steatement game  to show them and world  that This year Spurs are for REAL.
mkwan0::The Spurs are as real as they can be at this point.  the only thing that will change minds is if they win it all.  Nothing else matters.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::It was hardly awesome.  The first half was very sloppy by the Spurs.  But still a win.
DalvinSplit::Considering TP is out for some time ,Joseph is new starter ,and over all rotation of the players  was different  ( Diaw ,Jackson  are back in the line up ) You can say more or less for M Ginobili the same. It took them first half and Pop  master-ship to take care of the Bulls.
8486Chase::Talons 45 Voodoo 29 final from last night
8486Chase::We need a new kicker though
trza49er23::Really getting tired of watching this depleted Bulls team, especially during such a tough stretch on their schedule.  Kirk, Taj, obviously Derrick, I mean damn......when will the good health fairy leave her townhouse in Miami and come pay daaaaaaaaa Bulls a visit?
FearThePeanutPunch12::It is understandable that fairies like to spend a lot of their time in Miami though.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::That was a very sloppy game by the Spurs and that type of performance won't get it done in the playoffs.  With that said, a win is a win and the Spurs are still trying to figure out the best rotations to use in Tony Parker's absence.
8486Chase::Ugh, we won the game, that's all that matters
ThunderHornz::Well done Spurs, well done. What happens to Chicago? It seems there have been a number of games they play tough and then fizzle. Do they get tired ?
NoAlarmsPlease::Um, their 3rd string PG is running the offense. They are 5-12 with Robinson starting. He's just terrible. Probably the worst starting PG in the NBA (when he starts). No ball movement at all with him out there. They are a much better team (29-15) with Heinrich starting. Not that Heinrich is great or anything but the offense just runs so much more smoothly with him in there because Nate Robinson is just that bad.  With a healthy Rose they'd be a 60 win team.
mccoywajmu::Spurs still have manu to run the offense and Tim to run it through when they choose..they have better shooting too which leads to better floor spacing
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Cory Joseph, the Spurs current starting PG, was called up from the D League to start and has been 4th string most of the season behind Parker, Mills, De Colo and maybe even Neal and Ginobili when they play a little PG.  It is the coaches responsibility to tweak the offense based on the players in the game.
matthim_cauthon::Gotta love Patty Mills. Evey time he gets some good minutes he puts up some nice numbers. Popovich is the best coach he could possibly be with to maximise his potential. I think he can play in the NBA for a number of years.
rondo2KG::First--Bulls miss CJ Watson.  Second--Bulls fell apart the moment DRose said he might not be back this year.
mccoywajmu::They do no miss CJ Watson and his 4 apg while shooting 35% from the field
polocash::Here ESPN, the way it should have been reported.  The Spurs continue to win with out Parker and keep the best record in the NBA, as they blew out the Bulls in second half.  The Lakers prove to be a team fighting for a playoff spot but don't seem to be too scary as they needed a miracle come back to beat the worst team in the NBA after trailing by 20.  King James has to make a last second shot to help Miami keep the streak alive against the second worst team in the NBA.
FearThePeanutPunch12::The Bulls offense is a mythical beast... much like big foot, or the Loch Ness monster. It has never actually been caught on video, but some still insist that it could exist.
Jackson Zeller::OH Shutup the Bulls offence are Alfull!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FearThePeanutPunch12::Do you have a concussion?
Jackson Zeller::Yea Yu SPURS WON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DolfanChad13::Big Bulls fan but this team is not even a playoff team right now.  I realize SA is elite but whats the Bulls record over the past 15 games ?  Pathetic.  Maybe their tanking on purpose who knows but this is the worst stretch of basketball for this team in many years.  I love DRose but even he can't save this sinking ship right now.
NoAlarmsPlease::Of couse Rose can turn it around. The Bulls only look this bad when Nate Robinson is starting (recored of 5-12) for Heinrich (29-15) when he's injured.  And Heinrich isn't even that good but the team is vastly superior when he isn't hurt. Now just think how much better Rose is than Heinrich. Bulls would be a 60 win team if Rose played all year.
DolfanChad13::Hinrich and Rip need to hang them up, they can't stay healthy for more than 5 games.  Don't be confused by the fact the Bulls were winning at halftime.  Good teams typically don't press the gas petal till they need to which in this case was in the 3rd quarter.  I just think the Bulls were over achieving till the all star break and now reality is sitting in.  Our best shot to win it all was DRose's MVP year.
Tr1ckSh0t::Did you expect the Bulls to be leading at half-time? I was shocked. Second half was an accurate accounting of the matchup. Bulls are severely depleted. With a full roster Bulls can compete with anyone. Not saying they have favorable shot at championship, but they'd be better with Rose, Hinrich, Hamilton and Gibson. I can't be upset about losing when a huge portion of the team is injured.
Ivanov21::Has slam_dunk come through here today? Can't find his pathetic comments :(
STLfan241::It would've been a closer game if the Bulls had Derrick Rose and Rip Hamilton and if the Spurs had Tony Parker.
polocash::I sat behind Bulls bench and watched Boozer leading the team with excitement with their 2nd qtr lead. They must have thought the game was only 1 half. I told him the Spurs were a 2nd half team, but I guess he was too caught up in the  little bit of success they were having.
June 24th Is STILL Kobe Bryant Day::For all those Spurs fan who say ESPN doesn't pay enough attention and hates the Spurs, I say  WHO FRIGGIN CARES?    All I care about is cheering for my favorite franchise.
No-account drifter::I care only as to ESPN. I wish it were more analytical, less just about eyeballs. But strictly as a Spurs fan, it's a good thing, just how Pop likes it. So we really shouldn't complain.
swag_on-point::The nba hates San Antonio
This_Guy1::tbh I'm not surprised we lost. GG Spurs.
June 24th Is STILL Kobe Bryant Day::Bulls will be a handful with Rosie.  GL coming out of da East.  Hope to see u guys in the Finals.
martinfingers::ESPN is a pathetic joke ESPN sucks ESPN can go to hell!
martinfingers::ESPN is a pathetic joke ESPN sucks ESPN can go to hell!
martinfingers::ESPN is a pathetic joke ESPN sucks ESPN can go to hell!
martinfingers::ESPN is a pathetic joke ESPN sucks ESPN can go to hell!
martinfingers::ESPN is a pathetic joke ESPN sucks ESPN can go to hell!
steiny1864::This team remembers the loses..smack down on clippers, Detroit, bulls ,
polocash::We beat the Bulls the first time in Chicago.
Cowboys N Spurs Dynasty::Lets go Spurs!!!! Duncan chasing ring #5
PSHS_football::31 points in 2nd half.  Pretty pathetic.
polocash::Defense
sawyer38969::Does anyone have a link to Tim Duncan getting fouled on his layup attempt and sprinting into the stands?
anythingisgreaterthantebow::JIMINY H CHRISTMAS, BULLS WTF WITH THE SECOND HALF
bwp2bruce::It's funny how when the team is losing, all the starters are on the bench with that stupid-looking glare on their faces.
Rudy_rush20::Is it me or is espn hating on the spurs more than usual?
bwp2bruce::How?
soulfirecracker::BTW awesome game from Manu. It was good to see
FromDownUnder21::Yeah he's been taking it easy, Pops orders, he's ready to go anytime. He's the same old manu 50% of the time, so we need to use him sparingly.
soulfirecracker::Even if the stupid Lakers don't make the playoffs it will still be all we hear about during the Spurs series.
lebrons the best62::Tim Duncan is such a great player it really is unbelievable
SIRFLYZINI::Love KG, but he is not or never was on Timmy's level. More talent, but not between the ears.
rondo2KG::KG too?
FromDownUnder21::Enjoy it while it lasts, theres no one even close to his ethical capacity coming through the system, on any team. Once in a lifetime player/person.
Hollerationatory::It's 12:32 AM central time, I'm trying to economize my final hours of consciousness, reflecting on maginificent the Spurs looked without their star player, and looking forward to watching ESPN backtrack on their Ginobili valuations over the next few days, which reminds me that:  The Spurs &gt; your team.   PS - Go on and bring that s.hit to papa, Miami. Bring all of it. Be sure to keep Lebron healthy or you've already lost. See you at the top.
jf20219::.
Dave Knows Best::For some odd reason, ESPN deleted hours of conversation.
