scottpilgrim36::Hawks
20PurpleNurple52::Pwned
nic91995::If the hawks stayed healthy this  they would be a top team easily
Tonymojo3::WOW!,. we beat OKC without JOE and AL.
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
linback54::J-Smooth! The guy is f.ucking ridiculous
Eli Langston Katz::J-Smith played out of his mind tonight.  Is he tryna initiate a Smith for Perkins and Harden trade? Hell yeah.  Throw in an OKC 2012 first round pick and you got a deal.
HOLLOW51386::NOT GONNA HAPPEN
gudda5gaines::coal aldrich needs b comin off the bench more tonite looked deso just looked like it was his first time on the court
manbearpirg::doesn't matter  thunder will win the next four titles  nobody else has a chance
Adrian5371::Hey, since we're playing the crazy statement game...   I'm gonna bone Megan Fox tomorrow. No one else has a chance.
Anti-Stratfordian::Durant choked hard in this one.  LeBron has never that bad in the clutch... ever.  In ESPN's video recap of the game there is zero mention of Durant's failings down the stretch.  Not one word about it and not one clip of Durant missing a shot.  Very strange.
aise5668::I think the most interesting thing isn't 'does Lebron choke?' , it is 'Is Lebron scared to take the big shot?'  I think that there is a lot of evidence to support that.  Game on the line, please explain how Lebron doesn't take the shot here:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UX_fkY99aAc#t=2m52s
JosePabloMontoyas_Car::same as lebron "choke" james eh? Lol get lost homer
JosePabloMontoyas_Car::wow thunder really suck, the Hawks really?? T-Mac unloaded his dunks on you clowns. 1st round exit for the Thunder when they lose to Dallas!!!!!!!
nic91995::tmac, willie green, joe johnson and al horford were all injured and we still one
ATLJoe22::Did TMac even play, all I heard when i flipped to the game in the 4th q was how we were without Tmac... I assumed he did not play
HOLLOW51386::YEA TMAC DIDNT SCORE ANYHING,LOL
Skip Bayless Gets Paid What To Say::Lol this guy is a moron, almost as dumb as Skip Bayless... U really thought the Thunder were not gonna lose a game in the second half
manbearpirg::funny cuz t-mac didn't score a single point
Maurice8852::still too early to make the call. but i see okc atleast in 3 round.
Maurice8852::I love how Bulls haters are on every board i go to. I came here to chat it up with some okc fans. but instead i see D rose choke, luol deng sucks, Rose cant dance?! bulls blow lollipops.
tebownr2themax::trollin trollin trollin...
chisoldier::OKC  is a really good team but their lack of a inside scoring presence is going to hurt them in the playoffs.
texasrocks123456::Been saying it all year, the Hawks are the most underrated team in basketball and will make the eastern conference finals when Horford returns. Smith has finally taken his game to the next level, and I have a feeling Joe will have a great post season. Teague has been a staple at point guard defensively, and our bench is solid. HAWKS RISE UP.
gudda5gaines::cavs r the new bulls jp but more so irving is the new rose
gudda5gaines::the grizzles or cavaliers
Maurice8852::clippers are gonna have one of those under-dog stories this year, then get crushed by the bulls.
Maurice8852::lol @ Memphis! you need to get a cup of coffee and rethink what your saying, cause you must be sleepy.
Maurice8852::I know its late but your dreaming. hawks in the finals?! lmfao. Bulls vs Clippers 2012 finals.
tomBabauts::Clippers won't even beat Memphis in the playoffs once Zbo is back :) Gasol, Zbo, Gay, Mayo, Conley. Get ready!
mlmay31::Could it be that Horford coming back actually hurts them? Smith's had to step it up in Horford's absence. Could create some issues when he comes back. Still just so-so defensively and not enough consistency offensively.
nunya1218::Only three players have won three consecutive regular season MVP awards. Who are they?
vballboy55::I like how I got off here for over two hours... then i just checked it again and the same trolls are still saying sh it... get lives people! come on!
J-SMOOVE2026::The MVP award is a curse in the postseason
nunya1218::Haha.. like when Dirk won it then lost in the first round to the 8th seed Warriors
manbearpirg::MVP award is stupid. Dirk should have won it the year early, when they gave it to Nash the second time.   The year Dirk won was really Kobe's year.   Last year should have been LeBron. They had to hype the crap outta Rose to deny LeBron.  Now they're trying to make up for that by giving it to LeBron.
nunya1218::Duncan and Shaq are the only two players to win it in the 2000s and go on to win the title. And Duncan only one out of the two back-to-back years he won it.
J-SMOOVE2026::That mvp award was shaped like a weiner last year and rose gagged on it
miaheatbabe::how the hell the hawks beat okc?
gudda5gaines::20+ turnovers
Maurice8852::$@%! happens?!
winterfresh98::just outplayed them and Durant and Westbrook missing shots...huge T/o too
J-SMOOVE2026::defense
seemoney15::Too bad durant choked and they lost the game
winterfresh98::wow some serious Rose haters in hea
Maurice8852::Rose before Hoes!
dawgboy12345::fantastic basketball player, one of the best. one of the biggest whiners in the game
saadenger11::its not even when the refs don't give him calls, its when they're so DAMN obvious (like a hit to the head or slap on the arms) and still doesn't get em. Even then, he waits until a time out to go talk to the refs. unlike wade and lebron, who will stop playing and immediately cry and scream.
mlmay31::WHAT?!?!? You don't know $@%! if you really think that's true. Only time he "whines" is when refs don't give him calls. You'd think football rules applied to guarding Rose when you watch Bulls games. What are you basing this on?
J-SMOOVE2026::it absolutely kills me how the media went back on their word last year.  they said NO WAY could the heat beat boston or chicago in a playoff series.  yet when they beat both boston and chicago in the playoffs yet barely lost to the mavs in the finals,  they say the heat were a monster failure.  wtf?  you cant have it both ways.  you cant pick boston and chicago to win the east the whole season long, and then rag on the heat when they lose in the nba finals when you never expected them to get there in the first place.  the media is a joke.
Maurice8852::Lebron clearly traveled!
mlmay31::LOL. You guys are funny. Does it absolutely kill you J-Smoove? You're a joke.
Black_Jellybean::stoopid analist say da heat will win only 40 game las yeer. nobodi pic heat
winterfresh98::your spelling is making me higher
tajs mahall::who said they couldnt beat chicago i remember everyone picking mia in that series
Black_Jellybean::bull..... da bulls was favred 2 win da serees and suposed 2 win da hole yeer.
J-SMOOVE2026::tnt?
Black_Jellybean::funny hows dat happin.... oh an da mvp deric rose CHOKE!!
Black_Jellybean::deric rose shood be calld holly berry. cuz she only half blak. deric rose not blak cuz he scared to dance.
Maurice8852::You like watching guys dance?! hmmmmmm.........
J-SMOOVE2026::"i can run down the court and back in 9.8 seconds.  Ironically, 9.8 is also my shooting percentage in the 4th quarter." -derrick rose
Maurice8852::I always wondered how much Haters get paid. Oh! thats right.......... nothing, Derrick Rose just made $250 mil last week.  keep hating bro... keep hating!
Black_Jellybean::deric rose overatid..... heat jus need to put juwan howard 2 covr deric rose and he stil choke
Black_Jellybean::deric rose,.. big choke... cant git da job done
Maurice8852::he's the number 1 scorer on the bulls, and on the number 1 team in the league.  you mad bro!?
lin_the_beast::SATURDAY NIGHT LOSERS GET OFF A MESSAGE BOARD
winterfresh98::I am,  I just smoke weed and watch sports
lin_the_beast::FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE MAX B
TheFeedMachine::Hey Chicago fans: Which of these teams are you most scared of in the East for a potential 2nd round matchup? Philly Indiana Atlanta Orlando
Maurice8852::Indiana! but only cause of the intense rivalry we've had over the years.
mlmay31::No sir tajs. I'd be most afraid to play Philly for sure out of those four.
tajs mahall::orlando with howard of course  they shoot those threes good they can beat anyone
TheFeedMachine::If Chicago loses to Philly again tomorrow I would be most worried about them. They have 2 of the best perimeter defenders in the NBA and you don't have the interior scoring to exploit their small front line.
Black_Jellybean::da bulls, they betr teem wen deric rose out wit fake injuree
tajs mahall::deng received the second most votes from coaches behind bosh  just saying
ATLJoe22::Deng is only an all-star because he plays with DRose...If Smith was in the West Conf and played for the Lakers or Mavs.... he would be an All-Star..
ATLJoe22::Smith is legit regardless of conference
nunya1218::I'm saying Deng voted in as second for reserves.. in the West he barely makes the team if at all.
nunya1218::more indicative of how thin the talent is in the east
J-SMOOVE2026::if you held a draft, josh smith would get picked well before luol deng.  deng gets recognized because he is on the same team as rose.
Anti-Stratfordian::They need to learn more about the game.  They're doing it wrong.
Anti-Stratfordian::They should come to me so I can consult them.  They'd learn something.
tajs mahall::yes they should come to these boards and consult us
Black_Jellybean::mus be nice 2 setle fo 2nd
Black_Jellybean::dend dong he aint nuttin. just looks at da stats wen he playd lebron in da ecf.
Black_Jellybean::da bulls trols is racist... deric rose afraid cuz lebron done went clutch on him an mess his head up. da bulls, nevr gonna see da ring again.
Anti-Stratfordian::For what it's worth, Deng's PER is 16.10.  Smith's PER is 19.07.  Luol Deng had the lowest PER of anyone in the All-Star game.
mlmay31::Luol seemed to make the All-Star Game this year partly based on his performance last year when he didn't make it but should have. Maybe not but I can't argue with it because Luol's overall body of work is better than Smith's.
ATLJoe22::And he also missed a bunch of games... no way Deng should have been an all star over Smoove
mlmay31::Deng also has a fractured wrist.
J-SMOOVE2026::"Without Rose, there is no Deng" -Shaq
mlmay31::Even if you could find us a link that quote it wouldn't mean anything.
wade.all.day::LeBron is obivously better if he comes up in other game conversations. Durant won't be mentioned in tomorrows game v Lakers
rackem_smackemm::Lebron nut huggers constantly bring him up. That's why.
J-SMOOVE2026::Luol Deng is not as good as Josh Smith.  It is pretty obvious actually.
dawgboy12345::J SMOOVE 7 DOUBLE DOUBLES IN LAST 8 GAMES whatever
mlmay31::Josh Smith is better than Luol Deng when Josh Smith plays lights out like he did tonight. Truth is Josh Smith is highly inconsistent. So no J-smoove lover, it is not obvious.
rackem_smackemm::Smith is too inconsistent. He can win you games like he did tonight, but he can lose you games too win he starts thinking he's Reggie Miller jacking up 3's.
tajs mahall::at times, but wat has josh done.
tajs mahall::nothing exactly  its like comparing terds. who cares  coaches make the votes for reserves  just saying they have more knowledge  then we do.
J-SMOOVE2026::what has deng done?
TheFeedMachine::No, but Luol Deng plays smarter. He knows what he can and cannot do whereas Josh Smith tries to do things he cannot do.
rackem_smackemm::Lebron is a front runner. In non-pressure situations, he's the best in the game. Turn up the screws, and he fades. But up by 15 or down by 15...he's the man.
Anti-Stratfordian::Yeah, his playoff clutch dominance were all in non-pressure situations.... lol... you haters are always grasping at straws.
wade.all.day::Bulls and celtics series last year will take you over your fingers and toes
mlmay31::And you are always grasping at Lebron's #$#%
rackem_smackemm::I can count on 1 hand (with fingers to spare) the number of times he's come through in tight playoff games.
Calinative760::If Lebron is as clutch as you say, why does he pass the chance to win it himself?  Including the All Star game.
Anti-Stratfordian::Sometimes you pass, sometimes you shoot it.  It's a read and react situation.  You don't shoot it every single time, you don't pass it every single time.  It depends.
tajs mahall::only lebron fans think he is clutch heat fans already know his steez
wade.all.day::Ask bulls and celtic fans
Anti-Stratfordian::LeBron fans and Bulls fans think LeBron is clutch... cause they know better.
J-SMOOVE2026::my top 5 is lebron, durant, rose, dwight, deron
winterfresh98::I still think Westbrook is almost even with Rose
winterfresh98::Westbrook rolled his ankle twice and still played
tajs mahall::rose is fine this is the first year hes ben roughed up\ and its nothing serious. but only time will tell
winterfresh98::To me, I think Rose's durability is a concern..he is athletic as hell but can also push him into the the bench
tajs mahall::rose &gt; durant  imo
winterfresh98::Rose has more assits but Westbrook has more boards and a higher t/o...other than that, they are even in everyway
tajs mahall::anti liked this
Anti-Stratfordian::From 2003 to 2009 - Final Possession Game Winning shots:  LeBron:  17/50 - 34% Kobe:  14/56 - 25%  Gotta go with LeBron on late shots - much more reliable.
rackem_smackemm::3 years ago. He's crap now.
rackem_smackemm::Lebron is 1-9 since joining the Heat. He's crap in that situation.
Anti-Stratfordian::Kobe has always been crap.  He's never shot better than that.  Out of the top 5 players then, he was the worst in %.
TheFeedMachine::Josh Smith should be a better player than he is. You have games like these where he is dominant but then you will have the games where he just takes terrible jump shots.
Calinative760::Who do you trust more with the ball with the final possession?  Kobe or Lebron?
dawgboy12345::Scalabrine for sure
winterfresh98::Kobe obviously
Calinative760::Just wanted your thoughts.  As you can see, not everyone agrees!!!
rackem_smackemm::Lebron is 1-9 in that situation since joining the Heat. How is this even a question?
Anti-Stratfordian::LeBron.
dawgboy12345::can anyone explain why josh smith was not in the all star game? (16.3 ppg)(9.8 apg)(17 double doubles) sure i'll be the first to admit it, as a hawks fan i cringe when he shoots from long range. but seriously not all star worthy? bull $@%!. MEDIA BIAS
Anti-Stratfordian::Deng didn't deserve to be there... but there he was.
tajs mahall::fat pierce
rackem_smackemm::Tibbs had the right idea. When the game is on the line, let Lebron inbound the ball  &amp; stay out of the way.
tajs mahall::coy
J-SMOOVE2026::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQl9hMQbFLY  durant at his best
Calinative760::Do you think the Lakers have chance against the Heat tomorrow?
_CelticThunder_350_::However, I think Miami still wins. They've looked really good this year.
Anti-Stratfordian::Against LeBron?  Not a chance in hell.  Kobe is intimidated by him.  He always loses to The King.
_CelticThunder_350_::Whenever a team steps on the court, they have a chance to win........unless they're the Bobcats, who i think tanked the season a month ago.
winterfresh98::No, Heat will take them
J-SMOOVE2026::yeah, lakers are a great home team
miaheatbabe::exactly!
tajs mahall::dingdingding
TheFeedMachine::If you don't buy into home/away differences just go look at the standings. With the exception of a few teams, the home record is usually 3-4 games better than the road record.
winterfresh98::Chi-town?
tajs mahall::nope
winterfresh98::Dallas?
tajs mahall::nope
Calinative760::Thunder?
tajs mahall::lakers and spurs have two home losses each and one common loss  can u name the team?
Calinative760::I don't buy into the good and bad road teams.  You are either good or not.  Which one is it?
tajs mahall::30 - 8 ;)
Anti-Stratfordian::Soft schedule.  That's changing soon.
Dissention83::They are one of the few teams that has a chance to, but go ahead keep thinking that they stand no chance. It will just make it even more hilarious if they do beat Miami. At least Bulls fans respect the competition.
tajs mahall::dam got me there
Anti-Stratfordian::They can go undefeated and they still won't be able to beat Miami in the playoffs so it doesn't matter.
tajs mahall::and if they keep it up
J-SMOOVE2026::A lot of times Durant just flails around and the refs give him 2 free throws.  wtf???
Calinative760::is he better than King James?
_CelticThunder_350_::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foaPMZxtzx4  Take a look at this.
J-SMOOVE2026::better at flopping? yes
winterfresh98::his "rip through" is nothing new...
