ToniK24::It's indicative of how CP3 is the MVP of the league when he sits out and his team doesn't skip a beat at the PG position and blows out a contending team on the road. Hell yes for CP3 for MVP! He makes everyone so much better!
something wicked this way comes::bledsoe &gt; cp3
JerridLM::RKoch1442; you make some valid points about the 17 winning streak. But that is all. To say CP3 isn't MVP material is complete nonsense. And how many teams do you think can average a 15 point margin of victory? Not a lot maybe Thunder, Miami sure as hell can't with their road defense. Back to CP3... Chauncey, Lamar, Barnes, Hill can tell YOU that the reason that they are here is because of Chris Paul. Oh and yeah... go look up who is responsible for more than half of the offense for the Clips, I can tell you one thing, he is related to Cliff Paul.
ToniK24::How is CP the main reason behind that and not the fact that they probably have the best bench in the league? And I can tell you all those players chose the Clippers because of a mix of diminishing reputation around the league and money, not because of Chris Paul. Grant Hill chose the Clips for money and playing time. Chauncey was claimed off waivers so okay. Matt Barnes took a minimum salary because the Lakers wouldn't give it to him and he wanted to stay in LA. Odom doesn't need any explanation, he does as Chloe commands. Crawford changes teams on an annual basis. Bledsoe, Griffin and Deandre were all buddy-buddy before Chris Paul came along. So how did CP unite all these players? It's a matter of coincidence and everything working out. Like the way Bledsoe, Crawford, Deandra and Barnes have been playing out of their minds. Now I'm not diminishing Paul's value, but he's a bit overrated as far as leadership goes.
mathw01::The Clippers bench needs a bench..
Keith Closs::as a clipp fan, i am embarrassd by the way MANY clipper "fans" present themselves and talk about the game
mathw01::I would be sweet to have Closs give everyone corn rows on the team..
theRayO::i think they trade for KD. he good with big $@%!$@%. he tall. all tall tteam. also trade for cp3
HoldOnMyHeart::Started using this online betting system called SportsBettingStar for the last couple of months now.  I was able to find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
Nargash10::I said it before and this is for  the 3rd time, Girzz wont go anywhere without Gay and Zach. This system needs specific players and both play their role perfectly.
Ustna9::sounds like every other team...not really a revelation, bro.
RKoch1442::Beating a top 10 team by 26 with out Chris Paul makes me think he isn't exactly the most valuable player in the league.
JohnDoe5334::One more reason they won is because Bledsoe kicked the crap out of Connely: “I did what I do,” Bledsoe said. “Come in, get blocks and get my teammates going, and play my type of game.” His type of game is to punk the other point guard into submission, just like Paul has been teaching him...
RKoch1442::You obviously have a different opinion. Please explain why you disagree with something other than "you have no idea what you are talking about."
JohnDoe5334::OK, here it is, the reason the clippers won last night without Paul is because (1) the winning culture that Paul has brought and (2) the grizzlies played like a high school team last night; missing easy layups and throwing the ball into the crowed or into their own teammates face... It looked as if the Griz didn't want to play with the big boys last night....
Keith Closs::OP u have no  idea what you are watching or how to even begin to analyze it.  stop posting your idiodic opinions.  i expect more from an insider smh,actually,  no,  i dont
RKoch1442::CP3 is a top 5 player in the league. Clippers are the most complete team in the league even with out him... That makes him not an MVP. It makes him a top 5 player in the league on the most complete team in the league.  Not a difficult concept to grasp.
RKoch1442::When did I make an excuse for my team not winning? Oh right...I didn't.
RKoch1442::Yes. Id say thats pretty fair. beating a team by 26 with the player who is supposed to be the mvp of the league out?? Please...they could have any top 15 pg on their team and still be top 5 in the west. They obviously dont need him to run their offense. That whole win streak thing was a big pile as well. How many teams did they beat that were over .500?? 3? Yea...
stoop404::the Clippers are loaded, but it all starts with CP3, he was coaching Bledsoe from the sideline last night and to say he isn't MVP quality is stupid on your part. 17 wins is 17 wins, don't make baby excuses because your team isn't winning.
RKoch1442::explain...
BBUSA1::explain what? That you are not smart or CP3 is not valuable to his team? As good as the Clippers are, they still need CP3 to run this offense. If you based your conclusion on a 10 game W streak by the Clippers without CP3 then I'll give it some merit but you based it on one game?
BBUSA1::"RKoch1442  Beating a top 10 team by 26 with out Chris Paul makes me think he isn't exactly the most valuable player in the league"  And you aren't exactly the smartest poster here!!
Ustna9::Memphis is just that bad....
ugadawgs1000::or rudy gay is just that good
lagbaja1444::Cp3 the  best GM ,  Matt Barnes you are playing for the clippers , Matt Barnes , you are already a clipper- Cliff paul  priceless .
JohnDoe5334::That's pretty much how it happened: "wait, you don't have a team, let me make a phone call..."
Ustna9::huh?
Cinnasnootzer::Dawg, I feels sick!  - Stewart
Danbetbrown34::huge game without paul... http://www.tinyurl.com/sportsgifs115 enjoy
SjGMEN77::Grant Hill looked good. No easy way to put this, but the Clippers can win the title this year with that roster.  #CLIPPERNATION
mPillimal::grizzlies with rudy gay &gt; clippers with cp3.
Keith Closs::OP its...  griz without gay &lt; clippers without cp3
stoop404::Clippers 2 Grizz 0. sorry little girl, go comb your hair
gmo7gmo::pretty sure last year's playoffs already answered that.  1-0 this season with both guys in.  Nice picture though.
chewbacca1245::You must be smoking crack!
misanthropypure::the clippers are the deepest team in the nba.
ugadawgs1000::i guess this shows rudy gay is more important to his teams success than chris paul
Keith Closs::some of you people with your lame 1 dimensional opinions about games...simply embarrassing
oicurak9::Good win clips.  Your schedule gets harder than you've been used to, so we'll know by mid Feb if this team is a flash in the pan or the real deal.
Cleeepers::They already have a top-10 SOS and we're halfway through the season. There's no doubt they are the real deal.
Dawan208::There is some talk that maybe Houston rockets can go after your backup point guard Eric Bledsoe and trade Jeremy (useless) Lin!!    Houston fans like that a lot .   On "Clutch Fans".
RAY RAY brought swag to the NFL.::<b>Grizzlies suck, ZBo sucks, Marc Gasoft is a pu.ssy just like Pau.  Go Clippers!</b>
stoop404::children, calm down. your teams aren't as good as the Clippers, no need for name calling
ugadawgs1000::and chris pu.ssy and flop griffin are so much better?
nba is the worst::Impressive road win for the Clippers, Grizz couldn't even win a quarter.  Props!
dannycraq::LMAO i was here before the game started and all i saw was "clippers gonna lose" etc  boy how wrong were you motha fuckas
Crooklynism::this clipper team is so inconsistent
D-Train14-23::No Where Close to being inconsistent... There one of the most consistent teams in the league right now!!!
Ustna9::Hmmm... You are wrong
Kelly81752a::Great game by Clippers... http://Highlights.qr.net/KellyBlog
big_east27::"Missing the best point guard in the world in Chris Paul, we all had to play COLLECTIVELY and step it up, and I thought we did a good job of that," Crawford said.  Key word here collectively, that's team ball babe!
mPillimal::lol...
Ustna9::Being without Gay =\= Being without CP3  Come on now Grizz fan.... Don't be so silly.
SFG Deck of Aces WS::Basically all of you are bandwagon Laker fans who have desperately jumped ship
ElimLb::Lakers are still my team but I can appreciate good, exciting basketball.  And I'm happy lil bro is coming up finally!!
kezmicdust::Not at all. I arrived in LA in 2009 and chose to follow the Clippers as I hate gloryhunting (British term - see most Man Utd, Arsenal and Chelsea fans) and following the Lakers would have been exactly that. The Clippers won 29 games that season and 32 games the next, while the Lakers won 2 championships. It would have been easy to be a bandwagon fan and followed the Lakers, but I'm glad I chose the Clippers and have been there for the rise! :-)
kezmicdust::Great win for the Clippers!  I partly put it down to the fact that the Grizzlies aren't particularly good from 3pt range. The teams that give the Clippers problems tend to be those who are dangerous 3pt shooters. In losses at home to the Magic and Cavaliers and on the road at OKC, Atlanta and GSW, the opponents shot between 41% and 53% from behind the arc. I fear a tough game at the Rockets tomorrow.
stingfan1985::What a GREAT game from my Clips when the odds were against them. This was a hellacious defensive effort!!! One-half game from the best record in the NBA!!!
hatchkelsocross::Is there any room left on the clippers bandwagon?
rhuff1118::Dear Grizz front office: Please don't trade Gay until the season is over. You saw how "good" we are without him.
D.ROSE AND DOMINATED::from what i seen gh33 looked prety good today
Leader Of The Grape Soda Exiles::So how long is Chris Paul going to be out?
dannycraq::does it matter?
blue2ballers::yes it does, grizzlies were missing gay remember?
TheWalkingDead92::Day to Day...
Dubberhm::No, Paul, no Gay.... Well I just wish that next time, both teams are complete... And right now I can see less trolls fans for both these teams...
msc123123::Gay wouldn't be a good acquisition for the Clippers.  His stats are inflated becuase he plays so many minutes (4 more than Chris Paul plays).  If you go per 48 minutes he scores 3.4 more than Barnes.  He gets 1.9 less rebounds compared to Barnes.  He gets .4 more assists than Barnes.  He gets 4. less steals and .9 less blocks.  He also has .6 less turnovers and shoots about .080 from the field and .040 from the 3 point line.  Gay wouldn't get more than 25 min on the Clippers and he doesn't have the chemistry the Clippers squad has right now.
blue2ballers::who said the clippers were trying to get Gay?
i-jizz-on-my-left -hand::we dont want gay,thats just gay
Hodges4Three::Also every time the announcers shout "GAY" when he scores Grant Hill would be on the bench like "EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE NOT COOL"
msc123123::In the sentence about turnovers and shooting percentage, he is referring to Barnes.
Kingkanyon12::Injuries are apart of greatness as well, Avoiding them is part  of your value, I'll take Westbrook over Rose any day, because Westbrook is never heart, thus he has greater value, because he's their. You can't dwell on what could've been, you can only react to what was, I'd say grant hill was one of the best players of the 90's but for the better part of 2000 he often let his teams down by being injured, he was the Basket ball version of the Rams Steven Jackson, A great player who is injury prone, thus you can't evaluate just his play, but his ability to avoid injuries, probably the greatest stat that nobody cares for, But name a greatest player in any sport that was hurt all the time, you wont find one, so all the talk about being potentially the G.O.A.T his just Stupid. His Carrier has been a major let down, I'm sure he'd say the same, Hopefully he can make up for lost time in LA, I'll be routing for him, and not just because he plays for the Clippers..... Funny how this can happen to somebody like that.
rhuff1118::Right you are. Bad luck and still a very good career. Hill is a class act.
D.ROSE AND DOMINATED::grant hill would have been a god
Hodges4Three::He averaged  21 points 7 assists 10 rebounds his 2nd season...straight beast!
i-jizz-on-my-left -hand::but not 2many fans know this,they just know kobe and lebron and cp3
i-jizz-on-my-left -hand::i'll  trade  you  hollins,willie green and a  couple  drafts  4  gay  lol
be_kool16::trade bledsoe for gay
mackydude16::no way! that would be gay!
Da Big D::for Dwade instead. but after this season cuz he will be dealt anyway once Cp3 resigns
i-jizz-on-my-left -hand::hell nah
vjones62003::I was at the game and I must say that the more I watch bayless play the more I feel like we waisted money he does nothing. PLAY WROTEN not bayless
Plz Fire Coach Rick MFFL::i remember finding a clipper fan was like looking for a needie in a city wide hay stack
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::If Crawford and Barnes continue to have this kind of production off the bench, Clips are going to be nearly impossible to beat.
Plz Fire Coach Rick MFFL::Magics&gt;Clips
Boogie Down ProductionS::'I got a great idea. Lets trade Rudy Gay.' -MEM mgmt  Get blown out by LAC sans CP3.  'Soo.. about trading Rudy..'
airic.ad::Bledsoe would start for about half of the teams in the NBA.  1. Chris Paul 3. Russell Westbrook 4. Rajon Rondo 5. Stephen Curry 6. Deron Williams 7. Tony Parker 8. Kyrie Irving 9. Jrue Holiday 10. Ty Lawson 11. Brandon Jennings 12. Damian Lillard 13. Steve Nash 14. Goran Dragic 15. ERIC BLEDSOE 16. Greivis Vasquez 17. Kemba Walker 18. Jose Calderon (starting for Kyle Lowry) 19. Darren Collison 20. George Hill 21. Jeff Teague 22. Brandon Knight 23. Jameer Nelson 24. Jeremy Lin 25. Jason Kidd (starting for Raymond Felton) 26. Isaiah Thomas 27. Mario Chalmers 28. Luke Ridnour 29. Jamaal Tinsley (starting for Mo Williams) 30. A.J. Price (starting for John Wall) 31. Kirk Hinrich (starting for Derrick Rose)  Don't take the rankings too literally.  I'm just making an approximation.
slam_dunk_on_u::Ok Clipper fans need to go back to reality...they are GOING NOWHERE this season..
tripoli008::The reality is you're an idiot!
sambecker1::you literally look like a pedophile.
i-jizz-on-my-left -hand::i agree
Das Ravenator::No Paul, No Gay
slam_dunk_on_u::The Grizlies are going to take all their frustration of this 2-game skid on the pathetic spurts this Wednesday
oicurak9::And yet the Spurs will win.
BayAreaSportsFan16::i like how espn barely acknowledged the clippers home loss to the 11-game losing streak magic
RAY RAY brought swag to the NFL.::<b>The same Magic that swept your Dubs?</b>
lagbaja1444::VDN is no doubt hiding  Chauncey, if this team gets him back  healthy , and the bigs improve their free throws , they can win it all, why not , if not , every team aint perfect , but the players clippers can throw at teams is downright mind boggling.
memphis kingpin::trade rudy gay!!  wtf!!! would we be doing if we lose him no one can  do a thing but the team needs work if a team is able to run all game long and score in the 100's without us having a  legit scorer to get us there we can not win i hate it about my team but its the honest truth we have work to do and its not rudy its everyone honestly as much as i love tony allen if we could do a trade for a player like Arron affaol that would put us past a deep playoff team
MuggsyTM::Clippers lose to Orlando and turn around and beat the Grizzlies Orlando beats the Clippers and turn around and lose to the Wizards  The NBA is strange sometimes.
i-jizz-on-my-left -hand::ryan hollins  s-hitting on the grizzlies lol
