Scott L Sports::So with .06 to go down 102-108 Jrue Holiday is chasing down Jennings, slapping him on the butt, begging for a foul. Then he makes sure he gets the inbounds pass down 102-110 and does not attempt a shot. And not so coincidentally the Spread is MIL -6.5. BS on you Jrue - You're a Thief!
anthonyvalenti-333::does anyone go to a lot of sixers games?
foycur::Doug Collins fired before the end of the season.
drarachnid::Now that Skiles is gone, Ersan is getting his minutes. He didn't suck, Skiles just fcked him with this stupid rotations and by giving mins to scrubs.
Ivanov21::What's going on with Ilyasova those last 2 games? First he sucks for half the season now 2 games in a row he's playing like an All-Star. Good for the Bucks &amp; their payroll
81Mcrade::started following this online bet system called Sportsbettingstar a couple months ago. I have made about $3,000 a month since I started.  I was looking for a handicapper one night and just google searched for  Sports Betting Systems, it was there on the first page. Didnt seem legit at first but ended up being awesome.
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lol phili is os bad now its pathetik  just my 2 sense tho
Ivanov21::lol ur gramar iz pathetik 2 maine
HotdogSalesman2012::anyone think ET should run the point and jrue should play 2, thad 3 with lavoy and spence as the starting 5?
Miller Park After Dark::PROST!
MR0908::Good to see Monta do good. Double double with 70% FG is great.
CubicleJoe::yay, ersanity's back.
BRUINSXUCLA::Shame on the NBA if brandon jennings is not named an all star.
Ivanov21::over Holiday, Irving ? no way! I like Brandon but he's not an All-Star, not when you're shooting 40% from the field. gotta respect Milwaukee's record so far though, even if the East stinks.
Goon5832::Hope the bucks don't make a dumb trade please no keep this team and let them gel
Triiviium::Monta Ellis has to go
minifarmgirl12::Il-Y-A Sooooooooooova!!!
Bucks.fan.4life::Feeling good about our team.  7th in the east and ready for the playoffs.  And Bucks only a half game from 6th.  Love watching Monta Ellis and Brandon Jennings!!  Lets get some playoff experience for this young team!
Bucks.fan.4life::Trade rumor here. Bucks trade Beno Udrih, Samuel Dalembert, Drew Gooden, and a 1st round pick to the Hawks for Josh Smith and Zaza Pachulia. Bucks got no problem putting up points lead by the duo of Brandon Jennings and Monta Ellis so a defensive presence inside would help.  Plus Josh Smith is a great inside force on offense.  This will give Jennings and Ellis more open looks.  Pachulia will be a good back up center.  Hawks are reeling with losses lately and in strife with Josh Smith.  The Hawks get a ton of cap space with 3 expiring contracts and a 1st round pick to rebuild.  Good trade for both teams.  I say do it!
mr porkchop::We're giving a first rd pick for a year of josh smith, who said he don't like Milwaukee. NO THANKS
BRUINSXUCLA::not a fan of this trade. Would leave us thin a PG, and plus, Josh Smith said that he hates the city of Milwaukee.
Minnysota Vikings::Ilyasova either plays poorly or great. No in between
sebremit::Big Bad Bucks Bashin' Booties in Basketball
jakeprimetime::great games from ersan, brandon, and monta!  brandon and monta both deserve being all stars.
TitleTownUSA25::I'd vote Sanders over either
BK HOTSHOT::The Sixers need to "STOP" having Evan Turner play the point guard position. Go pick up Jeremy Pargo who was just released by the Cleveland Cavaliers &amp; run the Ball. Evan will get his shots, but to try to have him believe he is the 2nd coming of Andre Iguodala is a mistake. That's why they are losing so many close games. Get a guard who is fast enough to swing the ball around to your shooters &amp; defend speedy guards like Jennings &amp; Ellis. The Sixers are putting too much faith in Evans. Spread the ball around to your shooters so they can get into the flow of the game, with Jrue, N.Young, Wright &amp; T.Young.
KswizzyD777::ellis for josh smith. lose both at the end of year anyways
Milwaukee Bucks..::cya guys go Bucks!
barakuda19::After a big game like this last year, Skiled was asked "How did you motivate Ersan for that performance?" And that Jackazz replied: "Nothing, it's just his contract year!"  A coach like Skiles always kills every player's  confidence!
BK HOTSHOT::When Skiles coached the Chicago Bulls he did the same thing to Eddy Curry &amp; Tyson Chandler. Tried to destroy their confidence with his nasty remarks. He probably felt it was his coaching duty to destroy up &amp; coming players. Good thing Ilyasova didn't listen.
austin120020::he aint bout dis life
springfresh3.1::Skiles also messed up the whole Captain Jack thing
Milwaukee Bucks..::i think all bucks fans would agree that we would want BJ to stay here over ellis
Bucks.fan.4life::Why not both?
Bucks.fan.4life::They one of the best scoring teams in the NBA.
KswizzyD777::just watch jennings on a one on one fastbreak drive... its a pretty ugly sight most ot the time
TitleTownUSA25::Neither is better
springfresh3.1::who would you want then because its hard to keep any kind of a star in Milwaukee
springfresh3.1::sho nuff
FightingAmish85::Fear the Deer, SON!
Milwaukee Bucks..::dunleavy should be in the 3 point shootout
springfresh3.1::I would choose him over Novak and I love Steve..MU baby
KswizzyD777::jennings is horrible at scoring with a little bit of contact and has no right hand... prefer ellis, jus needs to stop taking bad shots.
KswizzyD777::jennings plays off the attention ellis gets.
springfresh3.1::BJ &gt; Ellis
TitleTownUSA25::Hopefully MIL does not resign him, unless they want to be the #8 seed every year
binkinainteasy::Jennings is shooting 40.7% from the field
rrr2847::40.9% Actually
Milwaukee Bucks..::looking at rudy gays stats says otherwise, but him just being on the court would help us tremendously in spreading the floor
TitleTownUSA25::17 points, 6 rebounds, 2. 5 assists on 42% shooting is hardly a Top 15 Player
Milwaukee Bucks..::hard to get shots when all memphis does is feed the big men
springfresh3.1::I really think Cuban is going to try to nab him and reunite him with Mayo
diamondgrave::ERSAN!!!!
rrr2847::Brandon Jennings : 18.7 PPG  5.8 APG  2 SPG  Team is 22 - 18  All Star right there people. Goodnight.
TitleTownUSA25::He would be if she shot 50%, not 40%
rrr2847::*41 % Actually
KN_WisconsinFan::Bucks should get Pau Gasol
springfresh3.1::No way, they should think of Z-Bo or DeMarcus Cousins
springfresh3.1::I really love that guy regardless of his attitude..he would be great on the Bucks and with no Skiles, there should be no problems
Milwaukee Bucks..::demarcus had a great game on monday. Hes looking really good
rrr2847::and pau gasol still has like 1000 trillion dollars left on his contract. no thanks
Milwaukee Bucks..::the problem with that is ersan is actually starting to play likes he worth 7.5 million a year
Milwaukee Bucks..::lol at the guy that said rudy gay is a 3rd option on a title contender
TitleTownUSA25::So u think Gay is a #1 or #2 option on a Title COntender? Smoke some more
TitleTownUSA25::HAHAHAHA. Gay is at Best the 3rd best Player on Memphis, much less Top 15 in NBA
Milwaukee Bucks..::hes a top 15 player in the NBA
KN_WisconsinFan::When is it Baseball season?
FlamingHorseBuffalo::I can feel it...down to my pluuuums
Milwaukee Bucks..::long wait till are next game. thats bulllllllllllll $@%!
Edward4515::Nice to see the bucks win, im glad skiles is gone. The guy was a head case &amp; gave players random minutes especially the bench players. Score 20-10 in a game, next game they get 2-5 mins.
springfresh3.1::he hated the Bucks so he really didnt care
springfresh3.1::Skiles is interviewing for high school bball coaching..assistant coach that is
KN_WisconsinFan::I feel so sorry for those potential kids.
Milwaukee Bucks..::best case scenario we get rudy gay for ellis
TitleTownUSA25::Gay is at best a 3rd option on a TItle Contender
KN_WisconsinFan::I'd cry tears of joy
rrr2847::Brandon Jennings really deserves to be an All-star this year. Had another great game tonight over Jrue Holiday.
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::he does. rather than irving. his team is like 10-40
CKJPVBC::the All-Star game is a celebration of individual talent, not a celebration of team performance. That's called the Playoffs.
TitleTownUSA25::Irving is 2x the player Jennings is
Milwaukee Bucks..::i agree
BlazingBolt22::RUSSELL WESTBROOK FOR MVP
NameThatScrub::Evan Turner kinda sounds like Ned from Southpark
purduefb15::Whats up with the low attendance again?
austin120020::It's negative 20 out there
KN_WisconsinFan::Temperature, Weeknight
KN_WisconsinFan::Everytime I hear Ersan it's just not what I expected him to sound like
bjm208::Improvement from monta ellis tonight
rrr2847::Im happy with him scoring less and passing more, it just means everyone else is playing better too.
KN_WisconsinFan::I'd be okay watching Beno and Jennings every night over Jennings and Ellis
Milwaukee Bucks..::like i said 1-2 months ago, beno and jennings is are best on floor combo and with ellis testing free agency, why not trade him by the deadline?
TitleTownUSA25::Trade both Jennings and Ellis, build around Sanders and Henson
TitleTownUSA25::No team can win an NBA title paying either $12+ mil/year
springfresh3.1::LOL uh no..Ellis's stock is kinda high right now so he should be traded
Milwaukee Bucks..::ummmmmmmm no
KN_WisconsinFan::That's a terrible idea!
potato623::Cool fans out in Milwaukee, sucks niether team has a star player but least we got some banging PG's to watch
springfresh3.1::definitely
Milwaukee Bucks..::yea are team is fun to watch when we are hitting are shots
potato623::Good for use haha, our team is never fun to watch
hoops 112hoping::Holiday &gt; anyone on the bucks. Sorry but it's kind of jrue.
austin120020::You are joking right?
TitleTownUSA25::Except for Sanders
rrr2847::Shooting 3-12 on a team that is now 17-25 really isn't that good.
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::should of kept iggy, you idiots. at least you were a playoff team with him
potato623::We were a 1 and done 8 seed with him, future is so much brighter with Bynum if he ever lays
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::thats a big IF tho
Milwaukee Bucks..::wow the bucks twitter feed is really hating on jrue. have some class mannnnn
rrr2847::I don't know how you can say having 8 turnovers into a good thing though....
Milwaukee Bucks..::thats a good point
Rattmausch::Keep in mind that on some of these boards you may be talking to twelve year olds.
PennSportsGuy::whats up with that
airic.ad::i agree... no class
