Carlo Divz::now that the dubs faced a defensive team... it exposes their deficiency on defense... dubs is a good team.. and they sure can get hot in the court.. but defense is more consistent that making shots.. so it should be balanced..
David Redkey::They were playing the 2nd night of a back-to-back, and the 4th road game in 6 days.  Not much can be concluded from this.
Errol Thomas Jr::Great win for the Grizzlies!
Graham Horobetz::Welcome back to Memphis Grizzlies Basketball. Joerger did the right thing in limiting rotations, it's impossible to please everyone with minutes, best to not even try. Allows our guys to get rhythms, Miller 4/4 from 3 because he was in for long stretches. Calathes was great and so was Koufos. This delay of game rule is retarded though.
Greg Bosgraaf::I agree the delay of game rule is messing up everybody. Great game for our boys!
Graham Horobetz::Iguadola's inability to shoot well from the free throw line may cost the Warriors some games. TA for us needs to focus more on his free throw shooting as well if he wants to stay on the court in the late game.
Lee Brantley::Still love the Grizz but the ownership has messed up.   Lionel Hollins should be on the phone right now.
Greg Bosgraaf::We're 5 games in let's wait and see before we make a judgement. I'm not sure that Dave is the guy, but I'm confident that Lionel wasn't either. He was very stubborn with his rotations and didn't allow players to develop. They're trying out this new offense which looks horrible right now, but maybe it will come together.
Jake Holmes::No dave is aight but we dooooo need more energyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Michael Flynn::I'll reserve judgement on Dave but one mistake I think the Grizzlies made was trading Tony Wroten and replacing him with Nick Calathes. One big problem for us right now is backup PG and quite frankly Calathes looks out of place, while Wroten is killing it for the 76ers. If anything I blame management for the slow start. If anything we should have traded Rudy Gay in the 2012 draft to the Raptors when they were also offering a first round pick along with Calderon and Davis. They waited too long.
Da'Mion Day Day Jones::I agree with the waiting to long on trading Rudy part but I think Calathes is doing what he was brought in to do. He is a true point guard and he made some good plays.
Mark Simmons::Whoever wrote the game preview should be fired for incompetence.  If you believed what he wrote the Warriors don't deserve to be on the same court with the Grizzlies.  Hey dude, the Warriors and Spurs went into last night's game tied for the best record in the Western Conference and the Warriors barely lost that game...in San Antonio...without Stephen Curry.  You might want to pay a little attention if you want to keep your job.
Greg Bosgraaf::What are you talking about man?
Graham Horobetz::Kind of odd to say for our 6th game into the season, but kind of a gut-check game. I am confident our guys will return to taking pride in defense, if not, well, a team like GSW could put up 130 against the same team that took the court on Wednesday. This is GSW's 4th and last game of their road trip. They should be tired. This means we should get off to a quick start for once, and make it them having to play catch up instead of us.
Justice Stewart Bolden::Warriors have lost 10 straight to the Grizz. As long as their frontline consist of Bogut, Lee, Green, O'Neal, and Speights they will be destroyed by Randolph, Gasol, and Koufas.
Patrick Glassner::warriors already missing jack and landry, should be interesting to see how the season plays out
Billy McBride::Surprise, surprise....Ed Davis not playing. Wast of a talented player!!! Memphis SUCKS!!!!!
Clint Wenger::They've been in control the whole game. Who cares if Davis plays?
Chase Ennis::Ed Davis is the one that sucks! Lol
Chase Ennis::Ready for Grizz vs Warriors! Let's walk away with a W tonight Grizzlies! GNG!!!
James Balls::Warriors may have to treat Bogut like Old Yeller... it may be over for him...
Eddie Sneeh::A lot of cheap fouls called against Lee.  Game over... thanks refs!
Greg Bosgraaf::Yeah man that's why they lost....grow up.
Graham Horobetz::Eddie Sneeh What about the foul called on Conley while he was trying to fight through a moving screen by David Lee?
Greg Bosgraaf::Yup, grow up little buddy. You're crying about refs like a 13 year old girl cries when she gets her phone taken from her. Be an adult and take a loss like a man.
MiQuel Carniel::GS got to win these game for Elite teams to take them serious.
Lj Revis::Can I see this somewhere online??
Clint Wenger::Grizz are looking tough!
Eddie Sneeh::How was that a foul on Curry???
Matt Abraham::Anyone have a stream?
Mens Mens Sana::GO STEPHEN , ITALY IS WITH YOU
Jose Daniel Nuñez Ventura::dcfxfhcyh
