Kyleb4116::Nets Nation!
drftw42134::I was one of those fools who fell asleep by halftime with the money on the line but I won 40$!. Go Nets!
CandySparker::Cheers New Jersey Nets and so need Morrow!
KORNETS::NETS ARE PLAYING SUPREME STARTING TO SHOW WGHAT THEY CAN BE LIKE WITH STARTING DWILL. AMORROW, GWALLACE, KHUMPHRIES, BLOPEZ, AND GREAT BENCH GUYS LIKE BROOkS, FARMAR, EVEN  SHELDON HELD DOWN HIS SPOT!
joeman1146::i agree, i just hope D-Will sees what can be. they look like they are finally starting to gain chemestry. Imagine what a whole offseason would have and healthy players.  D-Will/Farmar, Brooks/Morrow, Green/Wallace, Lopez/Petro, Humphries/Sheldon and even Jordan Williams is showing what he can do as a rookie. they have a lot of young talent that can work together.  And they also might have a top pick in this draft. add that with another nice player somewhere in free agency, and they are right there. they are only 7 behind the KNICKS, who have everyone. think about it. if lopez was here the whole year we would have a better record than Lopez.. speculation of course....
triples1996::and gerald green
JacobyJ4::Let me tell you how all the stupid Jimmer arguments go: Hater: "Jimmer Blows" fan: "what why? No he doesnt." Hater:" He cant shoot, cant create, cant pass, slower than an 80 old man in a wheel chair... etc...."  fan: "Actually he is a great shooter one of the best on the kings roster and he is pretty good at the other two for a rookie, as far as speed, he was second in the combine in overall lateral quickness... so that must be at least fairly quick"  Hater: "naw he is JJ redick if reddick sucked knob... He turns the ball over all the time and he just sucks"  fan: "um per minute his numbers aren't bad in Points, assists, or turnovers, especially for a rookie..."  Hater: "Yeah well... I mean.... we all know he can score but he cant play defense at all, he is the worst defender that ever was."  fan: "Well yeah his defense needs work but it is definitely getting better and his coach even said that its better than was advertised at the beginning of the season"  Hater: "Yeah well he just sux, his coach is dumb, I mean he is the worst player I have ever, witnessed ever.. He will be out of the league by years end you have my word on that.."  fan: "I see, well a lot of people disagree with you (Lebron James, Dwayne wade, Keith smart, Bill Walton, Thurl Bailey, Tyrone Corbin..many many more...) but you know what you are probably right, even though the evidence of NBA talent and ability are there he just sux"  Hater: "Course I'm right... I write all over these forums every day to tell everyone how bad this 23 yr old kid is cause everyone seems to think he can be good someday and I am telling you he is the worst ever ever ever, that ever was, that ever will be..."  Fan:" Right, I think you have made your point.... have a nice day"  And that is all...
warkoch::So how many assist's did he have? You see that little PG by his name? I.T. had 6 in less then twice jimmers minutes. jimmer had 0.
rolando77::There is no "D" in SACRAMENTO.
blazers234::wes matthews 2 first round draft picks for tyreke evans
-KING-ME-::i'm out, GG and GL Nets. GN all GO KINGS!
JacobyJ4::Night bro.
MavsNation92::Dirk and Dwill = Killer Duo
EasyRun18::dude, Dwill, overrated? highest TO PG&amp; one of the worst, if not the worst  FG% PG, 41%, (5TO, 6-17 last night, typical)
blazers234::lamarcus and Dwill
MavsNation92::How's my boy Deron Williams doing?
-KING-ME-::we need to get MKG he is a stud
Psychrates::WE TOLD YOU, PETRIE. THe fans aint always stupid.
Psychrates::Seriously PEtrie. GERALD WALLACE. WTF???
Psychrates::Yup.
OFrog::No one can remember the hops he had as a rookie or second year. Was a disaster to lose him.  Wasn't that an expansion draft loss to Bobcats?
seattleitez::People that expected Jimmer to be an all star his rookie year are dumb.  His stats are fine for a rookie..  Better than Nash.  Stop hating on him.. He is a cool dude.
JacobyJ4::seattle... there is no use reasoning with people who are pining to see Jimmer fail.. you cant reason with them... you cant inform them... they simply will not accept it... Jimmer has shown brilliance at times (He has been the cog in 3 fourth quarter comebacks) His numbers arent bad ... his Per is better than half his teams'... he is doing fine, people who say otherwise either don't watch him or expected him to come in and dominate his first year ... cant understand why people wont leave the rookie alone... I am glad to see that he is getting at least some minutes lately... I think we will slowly see his confidence roll back in... and he will show the haters... as he always does... and even then they will say hes no good... it never ends...
Kev_010::jimmer was all hype out of college.
OFrog::I don't hate him, or Mormons or anyone, he just does not look like a NBA player to me. And probably does not have the tools to be one. Nice guy or not.
seattleitez::And Jimmer is on a team full of super talented ball hogs.  I never said jimmer had a higher percentage. Just more points steals and assists. it took JJ 4 years to pass Jimmers current numbers.  you say Jimmer doesn't look like an NBA player.   Well guess what he is an NBA player and will be for a long time so get over it.
OFrog::Do you know me? No. For the zillionth time JJ was on a team he could not even dream of getting strters minutes, let alone losing a starting job. Magic were going to Finals, Kings are perma lotto.    I went and checked. You are incorrect on everything you said. JJ's %'s were never as low as Jimmers the entire time he has been in the NBA.
seattleitez::Once again his stats are better than Reddick first 3 years..  You are dumb  sorry
OFrog::And look like Tattoed Luke Barnes? I don't care about any of that, back in the day no players had tatts. Just perform.
seattleitez::yeah he should get some tats for sure..
-KING-ME-::this team has a lot of talent but it doesn't mean junk if you don't have good defense, bad coaching, and not enough vet leadership
JacobyJ4::We were talking about his before the deadline King... We need a roster change... Ofrog was right on as well with the fact we have too many shoot first guys.. cant run an efficient offense with the pieces we have... we need more glue guys
OFrog::Too many me first players. Nonexistant ball movement and assisted scoring. You could point a lot of fingers, but paying NBA league minimum gets you minimum talent. Minimum coaching.
OFrog::Ainge probably would laugh at that. But I think Rondo, D Will, CP, anyone that could get the Kings to move the ball and spread the floor would help.
-KING-ME-::why evans for rondo would be perfect
-KING-ME-::If the Celtics would be dumb enough to trade Rondo for Evans then do it Kings.
seattleitez::Yes Please
CamGoingHAM::If you think Kevin Durant just started winning out of nowhere you have no clue,same for Rose,veteran presences + guys who know how and really want to win, I just don't see it with Sacramento,who really wants to win? Did I mention  coaching? Thibs and Brooks two of the NBA's best coaches
CDH11153::You can't tell me with all the travel thats involved these guys don't get tired at this level........Short season means more back to backs....
CamGoingHAM::Young guys aren't affected by the travel too much,it's the old guys who don't get enough rest on the flights which means tired legs and quicker fatigue,why do you think Dallas and L.A. (Fakers) struggle on the road so much?
CamGoingHAM::Hello? These guys are 20-22 years old on the floor for Sacramento,40 minutes for these guys in a short season is not a problem,defense is. No one defends.
JBurhenn253::I agree with you. I played college ball and we did it for free. I don't wanna hear the tired excuse. My team played three games in 24 hrs. Half of these guys grew up playin AAU ball which can have multiple games a day.
CDH11153::The Nets played last night to......Thats why I thunk Smart needs to cut the starters minutes back........ They cant play 40 minutes night after night
CDH11153::Maybe if they were to bring thorton or evans off the bench it might help depth a bit......... I think they were doing good when evans came of the bench cant remember though
Psychrates::Cousins got 9 stitches last night, and still came back to win the game.
OFrog::Depth is an issue. Saw it tonight, second unit was a nightmare. There are issues, no doubt.
Psychrates::IT and COusins. IT was a nasty game last night, they were just tired.
JacobyJ4::I agree burhenn253, since when did Twill become the point guard? I think they should have at least put IT in at 5 min or so    left in the 4th ..
JBurhenn253::IT had 11 and 6 tonight. Only guy who wasn't negative in the plus minus. Shoulda gave em more mins.
OFrog::That was a physical brawl. DMC gave it his all, but they were emotionally and physically drained tonight.
seattleitez::People compare JJ to Jimmer because they look alike.  So dumb.  JJ can't shoot off the dribble or create his own shot.. He has to come off a screen every time.  Even in college he had to come off triple screens to get a shot.  Jimmer took on triple teams and scored way more.
JacobyJ4::Ofrog, isn't that what most people do to get steals.. anticipate and attack... so people who get steals are not good defenders?  I agree it does not make them defenders but to say it like you said it... a steal might as well be a turnover... Jimmer played good defense tonight.. that or Dwill decided not to score on him but either way Dwill didnt score much on him... now on Twill and everybody else he did... but yeah your right.. doesnt play a lick of defense... (same argument every hater makes when they cant find a legitimate argument)
CDH11153::WOW Ofrog that explains why Jimmer gets more steals??????????? I dont get your logic there
OFrog::He gambles, jumps into passing lane, either get a steal or the play results in a point blank look with his man beating him.
Psychrates::BEacuse Einstein's dead?
OFrog::But JJ will defend his butt off. And Jimmer has not been able to create or defend. He looks way out of place in the NBA.
seattleitez::He LOOKS out of place.. not hard to figure you out
thekola::JJ can play a little D at least.
JacobyJ4::JImmer played bar far the best D on Deron Williams tonight... Open ur eyes people... stop hating just to hate
randymossallday::steals don't usually equate to good defense...of course guys like Rondo, CP3 and historically, Gary Payton and stockon but those guys played Defense with their feet. alot of guys now play Defense with their hands and reach. the gamble pays off at times but most of the time it results in a blow by. it works if you if have good team defense like boston has had in the past to rotate. at times itsbetter then fouling. but playing good defense is moving your  feet with your hands active out wide attempting to knock down any passes and getting a hand in the shooters face without fouling.
seattleitez::Why does Jimmer get more steals then Einstein
CamGoingHAM::Lol Evans had 23 points on 60% shooting,6 rebounds,5 assists,and 4 steals tonight coming back from injury,if Kings are dumb enough they will trade him. Dude is a franchise player who's been surrounded by a bunch of young guys who don't know how to win, if he was put on a team like Indiana they'd be competing for the NBA Title this year.
Psychrates::Who'd a thunk we'd miss the YEti...
seattleitez::Evans is the worst decision maker on the team.. THats why they win when he is out.  Not rocket science.
OFrog::Reke just kills ball movement and even worse, it is contagious. Guy was a disaster at pg, Beno saved his bacon.
Psychrates::HE's carmelo Evans, dbag.
chadwi12::ummmmm no my friend... hell to the muther freekin no
seattleitez::THEY LOST
-KING-ME-::Rondo for Evans
Psychrates::If I have to...
-KING-ME-::evans is back and we lose, ship him for Rondo if they are dumb enough
Psychrates::The Bench is resigned JT/IIT/Honeycutt'/Whiteside?hayes
Psychrates::Plus getting MKG maybe, that's the closest the Kings have EVER beeen to the championship, even before the season starts.
Psychrates::Who would outrebound us?
-KING-ME-::we need a bench though
Psychrates::JImmer and Thornton can shoot all day.
Psychrates::YEah. I dont WANT him to stay. I want to chase the ring quick, and then have a crapload of cap space when he walks.
-KING-ME-::do you want to ship evans and a 1st round pick to gamble with D12?
OFrog::Reke had one good no one saw him coming rook season. Sadly he is no help these days. Just a weak roster.
Psychrates::GEt D12. With D12 and Boogie we win BIG.
CamGoingHAM::J.J. Reddick would average 17 a game if he was a starter
seattleitez::DUKE SUCKS
CDH11153::So did Jimmer
JacobyJ4::They didnt really score on him much... there was a three and one but that was about it...
thekola::Jimmer is by far the worst. Nets went looking for him when they were on offense.
CDH11153::So does the rest of the kings....... They whole team is inadequate as defenders
thekola::alot = all the time
CamGoingHAM::Played in 34 games and only averaged 8 minutes,soon Jimmer will be getting about 5-7 minutes before getting shipped to the D-League because he's a inadequate perimeter defender who gets blown by a lot
CamGoingHAM::hahahaha
seattleitez::As a rookie too.  JJ averaged 4 pts a game his SECOND season.  LOL
-KING-ME-::It's pretty bad when nobody is a + on your team, even if the stat is overrated
-KING-ME-::+/- is almost as overrated as PER
Psychrates::ehhh....jurys out.
thekola::+/- is dumb but PER is pretty valid.
thekola::I bet Bill Cartwright had a great +/- since he played with Jordan and Pippen. PER is a good indicator of your personal contribution.
OFrog::Yes, and no. If one guy constantly gets - or the team worst in different rotations it does say something. But you are right, multiple factors involved.
thekola::exactly. PER is more indicitive of a player's performance. +/- is about what happens on the court when you happen to be there. Dependent on many factors that have nothing to do with the player.
OFrog::+/- tells how effective the team is when you are on the floor. PER is more individual based but a great stat especially for fantasy players.
Psychrates::Somebody's smart.
-KING-ME-::not Keith
marat75::Wow, NutSACk is losing today.
Edwyer76::Took clippers -1 and Kings/NJ under 213.  Wooooooo!
swami30::[#115868764]  STRAIGHT BET (Risking: 125.00 - To Win: 96.15)        03/31/2012 - 07:15 PM  NBA   [813] TOTAL o209-130 (B+1) (NEW JERSEY vrs SACRAMENTO) Score: NEW JERSEY(111) - SACRAMENTO(99)
swami30::YUP
OFrog::;)
trevorcabo::Wow thats a lot of money
trevorcabo::Is that 96 american dollars?
CamGoingHAM::J.J. Reddick shot 39% from 3 his rookie season and averaged 6 off the bench,not bad
chadwi12::i think u will something the min he is off this team, or some others are off of it... mainly keith notsosmart
seattleitez::It took JJ four years to surpass Jimmers stats now LOL
JacobyJ4::Lol seattle... He sure does... It used to be he will never make it to the NBA and now it is he will never make it in the NBA... and someday it will be he cant keep this up in the NBA... and then how is he keeping this up.. and the haters will find something else when they can no longer say he cant make it in something.  But seriously .. you are entitled to your opinion and thats chill.. I am done posting about this subject.
seattleitez::Well obviously you are wrong.  HE PLAYS IN THE NBA!
OFrog::I don't believe that. But you are entitled to your opinion. Team is bad, but Cavs are worse and Irving rocks there. My opinion was and is Jimmer does not have the size, skill set or athleticism to be a NBA player.
chadwi12::reddick is safe from the d league
chadwi12::yep and due to the idiot who caters to the jealous ones, fredette gets no time on a shizzy team.. fact
trevorcabo::D league next year
OFrog::JJ barely got any pt on a stacked team. Look at Irving, he will be roy. Jimmer had the opportunity on a real lousy team and stunk it up so bad he lost starting job and pt. Next step is out of NBA.
chadwi12::better ppg same 3 pnt % ummm yes
CamGoingHAM::Jimmer is shooting 37% from 3 opposed to 39% by Reddick, averaging more minutes than J.J. did in his rookie,
seattleitez::And twice as many assists.  People are so ignorant
CDH11153::Enlighten us Ofrog since you know so much......
seattleitez::JJ is a poor man's Jimmer
seattleitez::Sorry man you don't know squat
seattleitez::BAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAAAAAA
CamGoingHAM::False, Reddick actually plays defense and can create score driving to the paint
chadwi12::fredette has done better under worse circumstances
seattleitez::uh yeah
OFrog::Uh, no.
chadwi12::kings 1 for 10 from three, fredette 2 for 4 from 3... if for nothing else but to spread the floor...
JacobyJ4::lol when his +/- is good ofrog, people like you tell us it is not a telling stat... make up your mind... his +/- as chad was saying is actually pretty damn good most of the time...
chadwi12::yep but the + - has been in his favor time after time lately,.... go look at the boxscores
Psychrates::thats for gamblers, not players.
Psychrates::plus minus sucks a s s
CDH11153::Just a Hater.......
chadwi12::u know nothing... he has never had a chance to start..... not at all... he started 4 games do to thorton being hurt and shot 60% from three and ave 16 points in those four game..... then immediately came the dnp's
CDH11153::He average 17ppg as a starter.......
OFrog::He was gift wrapped a starting job and lost it to the last pick in the draft. He is done.
OFrog::Another +/- disaster for Jimmer. Out of the NBA when this contract expires. He is not NBA skilled.
seattleitez::Steve Nash avereaged 3 points his rookie year
-KING-ME-::So much talent, so little defense, so pathetic owners
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::Rick who?
Psychrates::I'll take Rick back, trade Evans for Wallace, Isaiah and a 2nd for Rubio, and smash next year.
Psychrates::II feel SO bad. If I ever meet that dude, I am gonna.
Psychrates::Evans, Outlaw, 2014 1st for Dwight Howard.  Isaiah THomas and 2015 2nd for Ricky Rubio.  Fire crappy coach reinstall Adelman and apologize.
Psychrates::No only one year. We'd have tons of space, and COusins with D12 is overwhelming. Instant contender
-KING-ME-::I only want D12 if he will stay
-KING-ME-::Evans for the MKG pick or Rondo
-KING-ME-::WE WANT RICK BACK!
JacobyJ4::D'antoni is available i think, as well as Sloan... Sloan working with cousins on a pick and roll system ... that would be lethal... Obviously it will never happen but I can dream.
Psychrates::You obviously don't know shite.
Psychrates::Maloofs only screw shi t up.
OFrog::They tried like hell to bail. NBA said no way, too many teams down South, get your facts straight.
trevorcabo::They kept the team in Sac for you. Obviously you dont deserve them
OFrog::Maloofs only hire on the cheap.
LIONEL MESSI.::UNDER 211 BABY!!!!
OFrog::Good for you. Nets extending lead saved your bacon, + having best # available.
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::well he last two games, we saw some real Nets basketball, good luck with the rest of the season Kings fans
-KING-ME-::ty, gl the rest of the way nets
LIONEL MESSI.::WHAT A UNDER HAHA BY ONE POINT WOW
playadelCHI::the sacto coach is such a coon
OFrog::Not sure that is really required.
CamGoingHAM::35 assists in 2 games,pretty impressive
seattleitez::Jimmer already averages more points than JJ did his first 3 seasons lol
CDH11153::He is a rookie.....
trevorcabo::So what? You are in big trouble when you think a guy can play cause you compare his stats to Reddick
seattleitez::people are saying he's not as good as reddick.  stupid comparison.
CamGoingHAM::J.J. Reddick had to refind his confidence
ratso1::over 209.5, im good
zaruji::UNDER COVERED!!!
-KING-ME-::lol NBA.com has 0 stats for williams
swami30::u guys got it at 211?
sr271982::BUT FOR HALFTIME UNDER....WAS A LOCK
sr271982::SOMETIMES BUYING A POINT CAN MEAN EVERYTHING BUT NOT IN THE LONG RUN
Dubzz3::no
Psychrates::Wallace is the perfect damn fit for this team, and Petrie can't get em @ the deadline?
chadwi12::morrow just said to smart, thats for the times u made me ride the pine... get sum biatchhhh
LIONEL MESSI.::OMG UNDER 211 BABY HAHAHAHA
-KING-ME-::Williams #1     00:00  0-0  0-0  0-0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0
Psychrates::We NEVER shoulda gave up Wallace!
Psychrates::He WANTED to stay here.
Psychrates::Yes, I do. I also know he doesnt demand the ball and nails his rare threes.
thekola::Wallace is a beast and you know he is a real influence in the locker room
smitshah::underrrrrrrrrr wow
smitshah::i had 210.5
Dubzz3::push @ 210
swami30::wasnt under max over was 210 so push
Psychrates::I dont need to watch the end of this...I need to talk crap for 5 minutes and be out.
