hookem5746::Metta world DISASTER!!!!!!!
Daryl_Dixon::...
konansa2013::In 1998 without pippen, MJ won 23games.in35 games. kobrick have time to prove he could be compare with MJ! Without gasol and howad, how many games does kobric get??www
konansa2013::how many regular season MVP does kobrick have??? only 1?? in 17years???  MJ have 5!!!! MJ stolen 2MVP ok?
konansa2013::how many final MVP does kobrick have??? Jordan has 6 FMVP.... Without shaq and gasol, kobrick must've been a player jamal crawford
konansa2013::All koreans think koberick is the worst SG they'v ever seen.
Felixd1st::Clark had a chance to tie the game
gordlig::Ebanks didn't log any time last night, is he hurt also?
LALakersboy24.7::lol
Defy Shady::If we get Tyreke he would be dominant in Mike D system. Easily give you 20&amp; 7 a night. Not to mention hes 6'6 could be our Mini Magic Johnson ;D
Defy Shady::Dwight Howard for Demarcus Cousins, Tyreke &amp; T.Rob? :)
Defy Shady::i Know it was a joke lol
New Jet Fan 44::Howard won't sign with Sac /Seattle....if he goes anywhere it will be Brooklyn / NY
562-bell gardens::i think the lakers blow with out me  -cp3
Defy Shady::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=bh5z3dg  What do you guys think of this trade? Kings are putting Evans on the block but they also want to get alot of cap space in return by someone taking Salmons from them. I think this benefits all 3 teams money wise &amp; player wise.  Lakers Lineup Brooks/Nash/Morris Kobe/Tyreke/Meeks MWP/Salmons/Clark T.Rob/Hill/Clark Dwight/Hill Lakers get younger with more bench support.  Kings I.Thomas/Barea Thornton/Jimmer/Barea Derrick Williams/Ebanks/Garcia Jason Thompson/J.Johnson/Chuck Demarcus/Pekovic/Hayes Kings relieve alot of cap space &amp; get even younger with solid players in Derrick Williams and Pekovic.  Minn  Rubio/Shved/Luke Brandon/Shved/Malcom AK47/Budinger Love/D.Cunningham/Gasol Gasol/Steimsma Minn finally gets Gasol to pair with Love and Rubio  What do you guys think?
New Jet Fan 44::Not a chance either Minn or Sac considers this.
scow79::Which is exactly why Minnesota wouldn't do this trade.   They're not giving up Pek so easy.  Not to mention D-Will.  News flash, nobody wants to pay a 32 year old center with bad knees 19M over the next two years.
Defy Shady::Guess you havent been paying attention to espn lately Minn wants gasol to pair up with rubio and love. Not to mention love is now hurt so they are desperate. They want Gasol without giving up Love or Rubio. If we got Nash for a bag of chips and Dwight for BrokeKnee Bynum i have no worries then it will happen.
Defy Shady::You think Minn would let Pekovic go that easy? lol...  Kings would do this like i said to get cap space in return and get younger.
scow79::Why would Sacramento do that?    Why wouldn't they just keep all those guys and then just sign Pekovic in the off-season?   Why would Minnesota for that matter?
MiraclesBoys33::Jim Buss on possibility of re-signing Dwight Howard this off-season...  "I think, again, to answer the same question, if we make the playoffs it means we're playing well. And I think we'll go deep in the playoffs and I think it's a no-brainer that he stays. If it keeps falling apart because of injuries we'll be able to convince him to stay. Basically, it points to 95% that we'll be able to keep him. I can't control what he does, but I can sure make a great argument."
New Jet Fan 44::Why in the world are they not putting the ball in Nash's hands at the end of games? Why do they still go to Kobe for one on one forced shots? Kobe could still get the last shot , but an open look instead, or maybe arguably the best shooter on the team would get the shot.
el_dude00::Or dish it to the guy with the hot hand, in this case Earl Clark. But alas, this makes too much sense.   Last 2mins belong to Black Mamba, for better or for worse. Makes no sense at all.
LAFan1261::Having two 7-footers in the starting line-up is only effective if they can work together. They're looking at each other while the opposition is aggressively working and cleaning up. I say  move Gasol to the bench and let him play back-up to DH, and let Clark start and work his tail off. A front line of Superman (DH) and Clark (Kent) would be awesome. I wonder how he would look in Kurt Rambis' glasses. DH wsould have space to work and Clark would know that his role is to work his tail off.
New Jet Fan 44::a must try for D'antoni
Seven seconds of pleasure::On counting championship banners, do the thunder count the one that the supersonics won in 1979 as one of their own?  Do Pelicans fans lay claim to the achievements (few) of the former Charlotte Hornets?  Just wondering, because Laker fans lay claim to the 5 titles won by Minneapolis.
Demoted::Did either of those teams keep their name?
To brick or not to brick 24::iverson &gt; kobrick
anewman513::You talkin' 'bout practice??
Defy Shady::@el_dude00  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=b6wsabh
New Jet Fan 44::Well, if D'antoni is gonna play Gasol out at the 3 pt line it would help...and Gordon at the 2 is a big upgrade...moving Kobe to the 3 Metta to the 6th man and Anderson at the stretch 4. Gordon is a pretty good defensive guard.
el_dude00::That's an interesting deal. I don't know if that turns the Lakers' fortunes around this year, but I'm not sure what does.
New Jet Fan 44::not sure heres the link.... http://www.gather.com/viewArticle.action?articleId=281474981835689
Defy Shady::That site isnt legit tho?
New Jet Fan 44::The site..... Gather
Defy Shady::Really? where did you see NO has contacted Lakers?
New Jet Fan 44::this is the Lakers propsal  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=aypb92p
New Jet Fan 44::NO has contacted the Lakers about a Eric Gordon / Gasol Trade, they want to get rid of his 4 yr 14mil contract.
Defy Shady::Tyreke Evans in on the Lakers radar hopefully  they can trade for him.
el_dude00::Thanks for posting this. interesting.
Defy Shady::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=b6wsabh
Defy Shady::The only way i see this trade work is with a 3rd team involved maybe this would be a good trade.  Lakers get Evans, Salmons(King can give his big contract away will take it), Brooks, Thomas Robinson  Minn gets Gasol  Kings get Pekovic,Derrick Williams, Ebanks, J.Jbarea &amp; Antawn  Not bad?
Defy Shady::Plus we get younger?
el_dude00::Ding ding ding. That is the key on that roster.
el_dude00::Why on earth would they want him? He shoots an awful %, needs the ball to be effective, and is currently returning from injury.
el_dude00::Defy Shady - If he can play his natural position &amp; be a type PG like Nash with his speed &amp; athleticism he can easily average 15&amp;10 a night in our system.  That is a huge If. But hey, why not? Stranger things have happened. I've never been convinced that his natural position is PG. I think he is a SG/SF type. But, it could work.
Defy Shady::If he can play his natural position &amp; be a type PG like Nash with his speed &amp; athleticism he can easily average 15&amp;10 a night in our system.
theDH24::Getting rid of Gasol will instantly make the Lakers better. Earl Clark hasn't played all year and in his second game getting time, he puts in 22 pts and 13 rebounds. Can't remember the last time Gasol had a game like that. I wouldn't play him over Clark or Jordan Hill. All Gasol does is cry and make excuses for s u c k i n g.
el_dude00::Lakers, these are your fans.
Chapmanx23::1 Game left, Lakers 5 games out of the 8th seed. D'Antoni: I think we can really make a push if we settle down and play defense.
Crazy_ducky::Jingle Bells, Howard smells  Kobe laid an egg,  The Lakers lost two wheels,  and the Jack Nicholson joined Clippers , Hey! Lakers fans Shotgun shells, Stable smells,  Mike D'Antoni ran away,  Oh what fun it is to ride  in a beat-up bandwagon!
Looks good on u tho::Oh, good lord.
SPURZWARZ1.0::Why does slamdunkonyou love Thanksgiving?  Answer: Because he loves both "white &amp; dark meat!"
Slampunkonyou::Lol
slam_dunk_on_u::Punking shamz fans on the Grizzlies-Spurts game thread for Friday
el_dude00::And for your information, you are in every sense possible, punking yourself by doing this. Nicely done.
el_dude00::You are the only person stupid enough to think of this.
SPURZWARZ1.0::Apparently
Slampunkonyou::Slamdunkonyou is a cross dressing gnome!
CP3forMVP42::www.TRADEKOBE.com    - Lakers Nation  15,521 fan likes this.
slam_dunk_on_u::As of Friday the shamz will be a pathetic 2-7 agaisnt the top teams in the NBA     The Grizzlies just like the Thunder did will tie their season series 1-1 with the shamz.     I'm willing to bet my banishment from Sec 140 if the shamz beat the Grizz.    That's how sure I am that the Grizzlies will punk these overrated shamz
el_dude00::You beloved Lakers will have to wait 3 more days to get a victory, only to lose their next 3 of 4. Keep talkin, hairline.
slam_dunk_on_u::And they will be 2-8 when the Grizz go to sham anphonio a week later LOL
SPURZWARZ1.0::^^^I didn't know they stacked sh it this high!
SPURZWARZ1.0::Why don't you go WAX your ears, that should take at least 5 hours!
5modiddy5::Earl Clark. good to see him making it in the NBA. L1C4
To brick or not to brick 24::Pippen &gt; kobrick. Hands down
halo_master14@hotmail.com::lolakers
Alredy81::When are u LA fans gonna wake up ?? Let me explain this to u so u get it. John Paxson, Steve Kerr, Craig Hodges !! Who are these guys ? These are guys that MJ made better because he made EVERYONE around him better he even made Pippen better cause after MJ left Pip didnt to anything. Now I am a Spurs fan but im not a blatant blind hater Kobe is one of the best to ever put a jersey on. If u look at his stats the years he won rings he averaged more assists than any other years. The dude has SHAQ SYNDROME. He got that from all the beef between him and Shaq about who's team it was and that whole big drama so since Shaq left hes had this chip and has been tryn to show the world hes the man and doesnt need anybody and this behavior waas only toned down when Phill was there and now watching LA play is sad and thats coming from a Spurs fan cause i want LA to be at its best when Spurs play them cause if they arent LA fans are gonna just refer to past and not take heat for present. LA has 2 guys that when the ball gets to them it stops moving. Nash dribbles in circles until somebody gets open but if ur playin a decent defensive team wont happen easily and if Nash cant find anybody he throws it to Kobe who then forces up shots because he has to. Now he is capable of making those shots we all know that the dude is one of if the greatest scorers of all time but is that a plan u want to have to win a title ?? Now I actually saw 4 different plays when Kobe got the ball last night early in shot clock and ALL 4 PLAYERS WHERE LITERALLY STANDING IN PLACE WATCHING HIM !!!??  Well what that does is make offensive rebounding hard and it makes the other guys on the team pointless so alot of teams are seeing this and are sagging in paint and sending late double team at Kobe so now hes forcing shots over 2-3 defenders and last time i checked its a team game if u got 2 guys on u somebody has to be open right ??. Kobe is selfish, has an ego and is aroggant and if he didnt have those problems i hate to say it but he could literally have 7 8 or 9 rings. Plus ur coach is a complete joke with an ego also who wont change his style to fit his roster thats why he has no rings and gets ran outta every town hes been in i mean Knicks are looking like contenders with MIKE WOODSON lol yea mike woodson the guy that took over for the great D'antoni. And LA fans dont give me the injury excuse cause Spurs played LA when they had Dwight and Gasol and it was same outcome. Theres no way u can actually look at THIS team and expect anything if u do u either dont know the game or ur a complete homer LA idiot. And stop with the ring talk too cause kobe had phil,shaq,HORRY who won hand full of big games on his late game shots alone, younger gasol who actually got the ball and was able to preform to his abilities and even a young Bynum that had some big playoff games for LA over last years. This team reminds me of when LA tried to buy a ring with Payton and Malone but Detroit stopped that pretty easy cause they were a team !!! I cant understand how u can be 15-20 and come on this board and run ur mouths seriously come to reality.This team is going no where like this article says they have to go some where around 32-15 to sneak into one of last spots and now with health problems and idiot coach and selfish star gettin frustrated its over stop being so ridiculous.
jayautryphotography::I really hope at Phil and Jeanies wedding reception, everyone gets drunk and everything will be all right
jayautryphotography::Why don't the Lakers just bench Pau and swap out both centers. Have two different schemes instead of starting Pau at power forward?
Alldayerday1::Anybody have any extra Clippers tickets?  - Jack Nicholson
Alldayerday1::Phil Jackson will be the GM by 2015.
MiraclesBoys33::http://imgur.com/5FA3F  What do you guys think about my start up screen lol
Team SEC for Life::I'd rather watch the WNBA gals dribble the ball off their foot than this years Lakers.
ucangetthebozackagain2::This board is boring; I blame the heartless "fans" of the Lakers, who LOVE to come here to chirp when they win, but are nowhere to be found when they lose...
ucangetthebozackagain2::I'll give you two guys and maybe two or three others your due for coming here to take the abuse from people happy because the Lakers are lousy at the moment; where are the legions of punks that crow on these things when they're good?
jBOY21BbAll::i am a die hard laker and kobe fan. we suck right now. we have a prideful, stubborn owner who lets his ego get in the way of making the right choices for the laker organization. we should not have dwight on the team and we need to figure out the secret that the spanish have that we don't in getting pau to play at his olympic level.
ChrisLA2010::i've been here.... don't lump us all in the same category cuz of the few bandwagoners...
Ustna9::KOBE RECORDS:     Kobe= NBA record 2nd most missed shots in a game   Kobe= NBA record most missed shots in a regular season   Kobe= NBA record most missed game winners   Kobe= NBA record most missed buzzer beaters   Kobe= NBA record worst shot attempt to assist ratio (this screams selfishness)   Kobe= NBA record only finals MVP to not shoot above 50% in a single finals game (he did it in 2009 and 2010)   Kobe= NBA record worst shooting performance by any finals MVP in history (40% shooting)   Kobe= NBA record of the top 10 scorers of all-time Kobe has the lowest shooting %   Kobe= NBA record there are only 13 games in history where someone shot below 50% to reach 50 points, Kobe is responsible for 7 of those 13 games.   Kobe= NBA record most missed shots in a playoff series   Kobe= NBA record most missed shots in a finals     Oh yeah &amp; 68 points against Some 5’1 Chinese actors
jBOY21BbAll::lebron ran away from the ball when it counted in those times of his career.
socialsatyr11::How come LeBron doesn't have the same God awful numbers from his days in Cleveland?
jBOY21BbAll::those stats are misleading because most of them are a reflection of when he had those god awful years in the early 2000's when his starting center was kwame brown! of course he is going to shoot more, because everybody sat there and watched him and prayed to god that he would make a triple-teamed jumper and put up 50 just to keep it respectable. this went on for 4 years. stop hating.
ucangetthebozackagain2::Except for the Finals stuff; I'm pretty sure Kwame Brown was nowhere to be found during those years...
jayautryphotography::just like this season but with a better shooting percentage.
Looks good on u tho::Stats are misleading.  Except in those cases.
Ustna9::Oops...I  need to add that he is now the ALLTIME worst bricklayer in the HISTORY of the NBA
ucangetthebozackagain2::Add it? It seems obvious once you read that post...
MiraclesBoys33::when i play 2k13 i think its Steve Kerr that said Kobe scored 60 points in a game when he was 4 or 6.years old. not sure if true
jayautryphotography::kobe shot 50 FT attempts
ucangetthebozackagain2::He had 81 in an NBA game too; as a matter of fact, it's the fact most cited by his Athletic Supporters...
Ustna9::if so...it had to be layups. He can't even shoot now...
ChrisLA2010::Only good thing i took from this game is that these guys CAN play defense... their lazy $@%.es just dont. 5 minutes of D at the end of the 4th quarter isnt gunna get it done. ever. gotta play like that the whole game.... Hopefully they use last night as motivation and improve.... this season has been a complete joke thus far, hopefully it changes though. Specially with OKC coming to town tomorrow night.
jBOY21BbAll::im 18 and plan to play d-1. i talk to my friends about stuff and they don't even know who larry bird is sometimes! crazy.
ucangetthebozackagain2::That's pretty sad; it's good that you have some knowledge though...
jBOY21BbAll::lebron should rise up and dunk down peoples throats. and there is nothing wrong with a little hand check here and there. no elbows though. those are lethal. but the ticky tack pre-madonna type game is so boring to watch. i liked it when the knicks assaulted jordan in the fastbreak and then he came down and screamed in their face after he dunked on them. that is basketball.
ucangetthebozackagain2::That was fun, no question; the game has changed, but don't tell it to the kids here, because they have no appreciation...
ucangetthebozackagain2::I'm looking for the feed so I can hear it too...
jBOY21BbAll::and the refs call every little thing. and every player is a crybaby.
el_dude00::What a refreshing point of view. Never heard that one before. is anybody else writing this down?
el_dude00::Please share your perspective with some of your idiot fan base.
jBOY21BbAll::nobody plays defense in the nba anymore. the nba is boring.
ucangetthebozackagain2::So now the entire NBA is the Lakers? is that what you're saying?
doof54::Grizz play defense.
el_dude00::"Hey, we're the third best team in California. That's something? Right?" - Jim Buss
ChrisLA2010::been saying this for a while now, i'd love to see an interview on his take of the season so far.... i havent heard sh.it from him....
MiraclesBoys33::i can't wait for the Lakers vs Heat game cause the board is gonna explode that night
Looks good on u tho::Get there early....be over by half time.
halo_master14@hotmail.com::if the lakers win 30 games i will stop trolling
CubicleJohn::30-52? Hmmm thats a good over under line
el_dude00::you're gonna be here awhile.
halo_master14@hotmail.com::lakers hahahahahaha
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::It was a Laker roast last night. I was disappointed in my Spurs but the jokes helped out.
jayautryphotography::^^^^^
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Aint that the truth
doof54::Thank God the mods removed some of your disgusting posts - lusting after Spurs players.    Now get rid of the creepy avatar.  ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^
Looks good on u tho::It's the 2012-2013 season....it's a Laker roast every night they play.
MiraclesBoys33::if Jack Taylor was on the Lakers who do you think would get the most shots him or Kobe
jBOY21BbAll::well jack because he is the identical player for the dumbest style of no-defense basketball that is ran by d'antoni. i would like to see them play in a pick-up game. it would be hilarious.
jBOY21BbAll::does anybody agree that earl clark deserves to start?
jaydubespn::EARLSANITY!
jBOY21BbAll::proud to see him step up when he is given a chance.
el_dude00::Looks good on u tho - "Should have gotten the ball late..."  Ni.g.ga pleeezz...That be Kobe time.  Yes. And we've all seen what happens during that time. Brick. City.
Looks good on u tho::"Should have gotten the ball late..."  Ni.g.ga pleeezz...That be Kobe time.
el_dude00::He had a fantastic game. Should have gotten the ball late.
el_dude00::If he plays better off the bench, bring him off the bench.
MinniWolves90::Give him some extended minutes, see if he can keep it up.
rickyrauce::kobe...only one star can shine on the laker because the sun don't shine if son don't shine.
CubicleJohn::not from one performance
Looks good on u tho::Lets try something a little more challenging...  Will the Lakers get over .500 anytime this season?
el_dude00::I think they will on the day after hell freezes over. Book it.
09Skeet::I just dont know anymore
SolemnerJab::Have they been over .500 at any point?
Looks good on u tho::6-5 on Nov 20th
