GMEN2012Champs::Spurs are just TCB...marching toward the playoffs.  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
BigX951::What are banners?  Signed,  Clipper fans
tjdj7024::ESPN IS RACIST
RonnieLott424242::That was a dogfight between the two best teams in the West right now. Too bad it came down to a really bad mental mistake. Parker gave the Clips fits and wrecked havoc as usual. CP3 scored 17 points in the fourth! Best closer in basketball minus his one mistake now in this game. Neal and Bonner were huge. Clips need to figure out how to guard Parker on the picks.....
Global Warming 2012::test
ROMEO9O9::Clippers have more talent than the Spurs.  Spurs are still a superior team they know how to play together.   Playoffs has a lot to do with coaching and talent and thats why I feel Clippers have no shot of making it past the 1st round lol.  CP3 is a one trick pony that just goes for the right hand side layup or runs on the perimeter to the right. Make him go to his left and watch him miss.
UTSisTexas::Duncan had 17 rebounds OMG!!! where did that come from?  Tim save those stats for the playoffs brah.
VolkieG::Well he played 41 minutes (most in a long time) because Splitter got hurt in the 3rd minute of the game and couldn't return. That's why he had so many rebounds, not to mention the fact that they played an extra 5 minutes of OT.
giants26637::hello
kstastny05::The Clippers will be there come playoff time and if they can get hot at the right time could be a dark horse to go all the way...that being said...if the Spurs get healthy around playoff time, they could be a front-runner in the West...They aren't as old as everyone thinks, and they are much deeper than they have been in the past few years
NOVABuffalo::kstastny --- yours is a reasonable and understandable post, not sure it fits in with all the _____ team sucks, et al.  Spurs have been playing well, but not great, lately beating teams they really ought to beat and sometimes the ball bounces your way.  Spurs have somewhere between 10-15% chance of winning the title.  The west will be interesting again is about the best we can say.  Lakers have a less chance than the Spurs, but still think Thunder would have the highest chance, if they stay injury free.  Spurs will need a Manu at full power to be a real threat.  I don't trust the younger Spurs players just yet to play the kind of defense  in the playoffs to actually win over a series.
nba is the worst::IMO the Thunder are still too young, they lack cohesiveness.  Spurs and Mavs look good, health in the 2nd half will be critical. Lakers have no chance as presently constituted.  As usual, the higher level of play top to bottom in the West will prepare the west champ for the Finals better than the east champ, so the 'chip goes to the west again
Allen6338::you forgot about the team which has won more championships than anyone in the West The Lakers one would have to be blind if you think they do not count. The lakers can beat both the Spurs and the Clippers even now without any trades. The Lakers record against contenders are 6-2 and I believe they are getting better with the new system:)
ShiloInn1985::Well it is what it is. We all see the same games. At least most of us do. What's the point in denying the obvious? Doesnt mean things couldnt radically change in the near future. But odds on, that seems to be the most likely scenario to me.
UTSisTexas::You guys havent been watching much spurs ball saying anyone has an advantage inside against them.  Right now the spurs are a right mix of veteran talent with young blood feeding off of them.  Kwai is a SF with a center wing span. DGreen can guard the 1,2,3 easy and is a great help defender.  Neal is ice cold!!!  Duncan pulled 17 rebounds yesterday against a contender out west. Tim still gots hall of fame play left in him. tony is on another gear with manu out and the best part is Tiago!!!! yes Tiago he's our secret weapon.  dood is second in the NBA  shooting percentage wise because he doesnt take bad shots all his points are around the rim.  he can defend good and is great off the bench.  Tiago is a few rebounds away from becoming a consistent double double something the spurs need help with now that Tim is older.  Kwai on Kobe all day with his freakish wing span and with DGreen there to help defend pfft Kobe will struggle like little Griffen did in yesterdays game.
dontbesuchababy::refreshing objectivity ShilohInn1985
dontbesuchababy::refreshing objectivity
ShiloInn1985::I dont see Randolph coming back with any effectiveness, So now the focus shifts to Gay. If he can make up the difference and be the X-factor Zbo was, Memphis will be a tough out. But I personally believe they will have a bit of a sophmore slump this year. Nuggets or maybe the Blazers(MIN has forfeited their role as Cinderella spoiler), may be the next best things. But the Spurs would beat any of them in a series.
NOVABuffalo::Spurs lost last year in the playoffs was unexpected, but the Grizz (specifically Randolph) did play very well.  In my opinion, they played over their talent level, but that happens in basketball sometimes.  I would like to see them play the Spurs again this year and let's see what happens.
ShiloInn1985::Well this Lakers fan strongly disagrees with your asessment, assuming that youre not trolling (some of those statements reek of a suspicious over-homerism). At any rate~ The Spurs, Mavericks and to some degree the Thunder, are all playing better than the Lakers right now. And all things being equal, if the playoffs were to start tomorrow, the Lakers would be in a mortal dogfght getting past either OKC or DAL. And in a head to head with the Spurs in their current roster and RPM, could do no better than losing the series 4-3. And in better likelihood, losing 4-2. Sure, the playoffs dont start tomorrow. And the Lakers DO have the inside scoring and rebound advantage of size with Gasol and Bynum, as well as time to coalesce. Additionally, we saw a similar run by the Spurs last year, at roughly the same point in the season. Which ultimately led to the Spurs overheating late, while the Lakers were surging in the home stretch. Which set the table for the Spurs being unceremoniously dumped by Memphis in Round 1. That series of events happening again is unlikely. Lakers have to further tune-up their game, AND more than likely add a servicable scorer who can hit open jumpers. Because as it stands right now, they simply cannot overcome the top end of the West. And certainly not the Spurs, barring injury or another late-season slump.
NOVABuffalo::more championships isn't a rational reason to be confident, this year is this year.
blazers2189::lame headline by espn. geezzzz.. espn still love clips. not to mention the 10 game winning streak of spurs.
alamoaggie2008::that last play in regulation was the wackiest thing i've ever seen
NOVABuffalo::yep -- thought a TO would be better than a throw to unknown spaces.  What was Neal doing there anyhow??
dontbesuchababy::there was another Clip player in the key he was probably assigned
R Bond::Fixed.  CP3 said it all.  Admission of weirdness.
LinRule::that was one of the strangest turnover i ever seen
xmanfolife::Clipper's, Clipper's.......hope they learned a lesson or 2 tonite..
dash2k4::Very responsible for CP to take the responsibility for it. Good to see top dogs owning up to their mistakes and admitting they're human. I'm not hating here, but I would love to see the likes of Kobe and KD say such things. If all the great ones did this, it would set the tone for the whole league.
Birdmann._.::Losses are never Kobe's fault.  Look at the absolute crap around him (minus gasol and bynum)
xmanfolife::There are no gold medals for owning up to a loss....at the end of the day it's still a loss.  Spurs earned it fair &amp; square by capitalizing on Clipper mistakes...
tyler4bu::The Spurs were handed it.. Literally.  And if you can't say that owning up to a loss instead of blaming everyone else speaks well of someone's character then you, sir, are a total $@%!$@% moron.
ONEVOICE18::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NuYVTQfYQo
Jai22T::Blake isnt overrated but him and the other Clipper bigs have to get better at the line
ONEVOICE18::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NuYVTQfYQo
Iamtheone0594::Karl Malone really struggled at the line his first few years in the league also.  Blake is and will continue to be one of the top players in the league and is certainly better than most other PF in the league.
Iamtheone0594::There have been lots of players that have come into the NBA and improved their free throw percentage/  Blake only played two years of college ball and this is basically only his second year as a NBA player.  He will just get better.
Bookiebreaker48::hes been playing bsketball his whole life...if u aint goood at something by now it wont change....until maybe lae in his career where he cant be dunking anymore he gotta change thn nd only thn would he change his game......
Bookiebreaker48::blake is overrated....muscles and brussels no finesse
T.O.G.M.S.17::and also enough with the Blake Griffin being overrated talk. the dude dropped 22 and 20!. He is averagin 21 and 11. thats not overrated. thats PRODUCTIVE
MKG_Floater::and what money is that? His rookie contract?
Bookiebreaker48::number 1 option on da team to score and hes a power forward he should average double double if he dont thn hes not worth the mone they sign him for no?
Birdmann._.::... Chris Bosh does not average a double double.  Neither does Dirk.  Carlos Boozer? Nah  Lamarcus Aldrigde surely not.   The only power forwards I can think of that average a double double are Pau gasol and kevin love.
T.O.G.M.S.17::Gary Neal and Danny Green are clutch
modinthetree is back::not to diss on the spurs performance...but anyone else think tony parker is looking really old in that espn photo???
kstastny05::he's only 29 though...
Iamtheone0594::He does look old in that photo but the guy certainly showed that he can still ball.  He is having a great year so far.
trophyvyrus::serwr
TimeToTeachYouSomething::Let me get this straight, the Spurs are on a 10 game HOT as heck win streak, and they needed the leagues best PG to make a mistake to beat the clippers by 3 points in overtime, and the Clippers suck?   Wow the basketball IQ on this board is Harvard worthy
Frantismo::Wait.... You are completely forgetting that Tim Duncan missed that chip shot that would have given them the lead, and most importantly that Neal lost the ball when they were going to finally tie it up at the end. They dug their own hole, yes the Clippers are a good team and gave them a run, but saying that the reason they won is because "the best pg in the league" made a mistake. He didn't sink those clutch three at the end of regulation or in overtime for the Spurs..
RADSportsFan::Chris Paul is NOT the leagues best PG.
tyler4bu::because the best PG *never* makes a mistake?  Stuff happens
LinRule::one of the best ? Yes , the best ? debatable
MKG_Floater::Who is?
Iamtheone0594::That really says a lot for all the teams below them in the standing.   Clippers are fine and it is just one game.   Spurs are very hot right now but they will come back to earth.  Sorry to hear that Ganobili is going to be out awhile with another injury.
slick0816::Nice late game assist by CP3.....slob city.
R Bond::He threw the assist directly to Neal!  What the hell ??  Fixed!
Pylon Phaneuf::Griffin by the way is so overrated he can leap yeah but hes just a power dunker nothing else. He's got no flair or style. Just dunk the ball hard as you can and leap as high as you can.
irREVerentcruSADER::Useless clippers...thanks for nothing.
robbyloza::Im sure they will do good in a seven game series !! They are beating teams on the road now!  Clipps dnt stand a chancein the playoffs
tyler4bu::They lose by 3 on a freak play, and they don't have a chance?  You're a moron.
tatashady::Ground control to Clippers...you may begin your descent.
kcspatel41::Ok Spurs got game in the regular season but......that doesn't matter when it comes to the playoffs. We'll  have to see how long they can last in 7 game series.
VolkieG::The Clippers have a lot more to prove in the postseason than the Spurs do. Not exactly familiar territory for 'em.
BowenDT71::The core group of the Spurs, The Big 3, has 4 championships, well 3 for Parker and Manu. I wouldn't bet against that for a team that has made the playoffs, like what twice in their history.
Acrochea::stupid gomes
tmohr48::Time to move on so the children can spew trash comments..... Good game Spurs, and to the Clippers, what a tough loss!
tmohr48::100 minute man my ni*gga tony parker looks old as $@%! __________  that's race related... way off limits of acceptability.
tmohr48::Good game Spurs.... thought you were going to lose but that 3 pointer in waining seconds forced overtime. Why do you weak minded souls play the race card?
.jeebus::that's racist!
100 minute man::my ni*gga tony parker looks old as $@%! nowadays, as seen in the advertised photo on espn. grandpa parker looks older than eva longoria, and the latter is older in age.
tatashady::She probably sucked the life out of him.(among other things)
.jeebus::Winston Churchill.
jdsf73::ESPN called Jeremy Lin a "ch.ink" and they are in denial about it. So..I will post this same message over and over again. Doubt it will matter much, but who cares, this needs to be discussed, until they actually own up on their own site  and stop being cowards.
tatashady::That was pretty "yellow" of them.
jdsf73::ESPN called Jeremy Lin a "ch.ink" and they are in denial about it. So..I will post this same message over and over again. Doubt it will matter much, but who cares, this needs to be discussed, until they actually own up on their own site  and stop being cowards.
tmohr48::Get a life and move on... why create negativity?
nraudigy2::Clippers can't hang with Spurs and Mavs in Texas.
truesportfanman::Did Timmy rub chris paul's head after the game?
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::what is that even supposed to mean?
tmohr48::Dude, are you new to the NBA?... Pau Gasol rubbed Paul's head to show some love and Paul took it the wrong way and caused a scene.
truesportfanman::everything looks alike in texas, lol
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::nice edit truesportfanman
mike etheridge::Clips &amp; Spurs gotta UP ur game Laker posts hit 5000 easily after a game Holla when u get to the Big League Level
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::Clippers blow and the only thing blake does is dunk
Iamtheone0594::Great deal for the Spurs but terrible for the Clippers.
NOVABuffalo::my mistake .... what's your excuse for hating on Blake?
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::lol I'm not a thunder fan smart one
NOVABuffalo::no good GM would ever do it, but some of these Thunder fans are acting like they have won something --- LOL
NOVABuffalo::Blake for Duncan right now!!!
truesportfanman::And the Lakers still have more alley oop dunks this season.
tatashady::What were the odds when Jordan led the league in scoring that his team would win the championship?
ryan_leventon93::The west is too stacked. I don't see the Clippers doing much in the playoffs for the next few years, not while the Thunder is still a young, GREAT team with Durantula and Westbrook. But Lakers, yes I think they're done for now, but great teams always find a way to get even better, so it wouldn't surprise me if after a couple of disappointing seasons that they are back as a more than elite team. I don't think they will be good until Kobe's contract of $25, $27, and $30 million is done eating half of the cap space.
Iamtheone0594::Odds will tell you that it is not good to have the scoring leader if you want to win a championship.
truesportfanman::Another clipper fan jealous that the Black Mamba will be leading his Laker team into the Finals as the NBA scoring leader.
Iamtheone0594::I agree in the Clippers will have to wait until next year to make it to the finals.  Lakers were done last year and are just going to get worse until Kobe is gone and they can rebuild.
ryan_leventon93::But the Clippers won't be doing much either.
ryan_leventon93::Lakers won't be doing much in the playoffs.
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::Mavs Spurs Jazz etc
truesportfanman::No, but the Lakers will be doing some sweeping in the playoffs.
Birdmann._.::who can sweep the lakers?
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::you mean lakers are going to be swept again in the playoffs. The lakers are worse then last year
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::you mean lakers are going to get swept again in the playoffs
truesportfanman::The Lakers will finish ahead of the clippers  and mavs this season.
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::lakers also sucks
truesportfanman::Most clipper fans, the bandwagon ones, were born out of the disgruntled shaq exit from the Lakers. That minority of so-called Laker fans were unable to accept the fact that Kobe became the Laker franchise, so whenever there was a smidgen of hope for clipperdom, these bandwagon fans rooted for the clippers but really only to protest the harsh but deserved removal of o'neal.
slick0816::Who are the Clippers...some LA barbershop association?
Iamtheone0594::Nice try but wrong.
_Dos Equis Man_::Lin will be the only person in the last couple decades to get a quadruple double pts, ast, reb, to's
robbyloza::His tos are the most but not by much !!  Hes a couple ahead of allen iverson glen robinson and a couple other good players si hes doing what rookies do!!
ryan_leventon93::He's played good in 8 games or so and you're already proclaiming this?
truesportfanman::the "to's" part is not a compliment.
NOVABuffalo::Most of the time I like the old ABA uniforms.  Please do away with the version used for this game.  Please include the red-white-blue ball next time, come on NBA, get with it.
nhcasillas::I grew up in LA and in my 20 years ive met 2 Clipper fans. Haha every clipper fan on here is pure bandwagon. A couple ally oops will do that i supposed, i however prefer hardware.
nhcasillas::Exactly so every "clipper fan" on here were former Laker fans without a doubt.
tatashady::Former Heat fans.
ryan_leventon93::Maybe you've only met 2 Clipper fans because they were all once Laker bandwagon fans. Just throwing that thought out there.
NOVABuffalo::Penny Marshall and Billy Crystal?
nhcasillas::Id say being a sun fan would be worse. Imagine being so close but never winning haha. Atleast the clipper always suck.
truesportfanman::they must love pain and misery
truesportfanman::Chris Paul needs to "Black Mamba up" if he wants to knock in a game saving three at the buzzer, and no, he doesn't get the assist for passing to gary neal at the end of regulation.
NOVABuffalo::lol --- he gets a TO and Neal gets a steal though
derran187::Message To Creators of NBA Commercials: I sincerely beg of you to make Neal's last second 3pt shot to send the game into overtime an NBA Commercial ASAP! P.S. Make sure do it in slow mo and black and white and play a nice orchestra to go with it. Thanks Much. From: A Die-Hard Spurs Fan
derran187::i meant the one today .... i mean come on! talk about being in the right place at the right time and being in the right frame of mind to step back and calmly knock down that 3 pointer... you just don't see that kind of play often.
javelina888::oops haha sorry i think you are right my bad, i figured he meant the one from last year.
nhcasillas::Dude that was a regular season game.
nhcasillas::It sounds like hes talking about the one today
javelina888::It most definatly was a playoff game against the Grizzlies
nhcasillas::Cant touch .4
RonnieLott424242::Sorry, that was really lame. "Empathic"?
Thomas4674::And people be saying Chris Paul is the best point guard in the league. He got outplayed by Tony Parker, so how can you people say "Ill take CP3 over D_Rose anyday".. do you know who the fck Derrick Rose is and his speed and what he can do?? traditional point guard my $@%, his vision aint even as good as Nash's or Rondo's.. He's and efficient scorer only cuz he shoots when he's open.. you see D-Rose can create his own shot and sometimes even knocks down the tough ones.. dont ever say CP3 is better than D-Rose.. Clipper will NOT win a championship and I can put my life on it. IM OUTTTZ
z.man92@hotmail.com::It all depends on what kind of pg you want. If you want a pure pg go with rondo or nash. If you want a scoring pg go with rose or westbrook. If you want a good mix go with parker paul or williams.
Iamtheone0594::Parker&gt;Paul&gt;Rose
RonnieLott424242::CP3 is better than DRose. It's debatable man. Nobody is clearly better than the other. They are both dam good.
tatashady::MVP = Rose 1 - C3P 0
nhcasillas::Face it this is the spurs last chance of winning in FOREVER thanks to the short season. They look like a couple of fossils out there.
Kobethamvp24x::Two future one and done teams
Iamtheone0594::Spurs&gt;Clippers&gt;Lakers
nhcasillas::Yeah 2 starters in the allstar game why would they be in the convo. Lakers and celtics combined have more then 50% of the championships, nuff said...
RonnieLott424242::Lakes aren't even in the same conversation for goodness sakes. Derek Fisher and Metta World Peace are starters on an NBA team. HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!
nhcasillas::16&gt;4&gt;0
Chompster777::All the spurs problems would be solved if we got Kris Humphries!!!!
tatashady::Texas is big, but not big enough for two Kardashians.
txryguy2.0::lol
AztecsChargersKingsPadres::i'm out, later all. congrats SAS
