RaiderNationQueen::Wait a minute... Rockets trailing 58-47 at the start of the 3rd... Lyn gets hit and comes out at the beginning of the third, stays out rest of the quarter... Rockets then go on a 30-14 run, starting the 4th up 77-72, go on to win the game.  Seems to me there's something to be learned here...
rightersbloc::It's a team energy thing, not a one man failure thing. Such things happen in sports, and to the best of them. So flick the switch off up there, because you got nothing - cause and effect that is...otherwise you have plenty.
5856Rach::It is Lin, not Lyn. Take Linsanity 101, pretty lady.
JLinNASA::Delfino has been beasting and has been a great pick up from the Bucks for the Rockets.    Just stay away from Manu Ginobili's house, Carlos
JLinNASA::How do you speed jump to the first comment when you have thousands of comments.  There has to be a better way than to Hit the MORE button.  Sometimes, my computer memory runs and won't load additional comment after hitting the MORE button so many times.  Thx
Mr. Nut Job::Rockets are getting better and better!
Do7o3::I am a Lin fan. My honest opinion.  I was at the game last night.  Lin was not good for most of the game. He missed a couple of shots earlier, then simply lost confidence in his jumper. At half time shoot around, he stood beyond the arc trying to get his touch back.  I counted, he shot 15 times, maybe made 4. Therefore did not shoot much at all remaining of the game. I felt he stood around a bit much.  I was always told to move without the ball.  At times Defino played like a guard (I miss him too.  He was great in Milwaukee). He drovve hard, dished and shot threes.  In the late third and fourth quarter, Lin was more active. Charging to the basket with energy and dished out to shooters as defenders collapsed on him. I'd like to see him to play like that the entire game.
Houmpheng::Both Marris and Parson combinded play 60 minutes shoot 24 time and has only 5 points.
JLinNASA::Delfino has been beasting and has been a great pick up for the Rockets.  Just stay away from Manu Ginobili's house, Carlos. :-)
05Xav::where did you get 15 times from? If you actually did count like you claim then you would know he was 3-8 for the whole game.
rightersbloc::Mr. Nut Job - weoutnyc - You sir are an idiot. If you actually read the guys post, you would see he was talking about how many shots Lin took DURING SHOOT AROUND AT HALF TIME.  My god people, reading is fundamental.  Reading is not fundamental, idiot...  However, comprehension in reading is...I am pretty sure that's what he meant. Thus, you proved his point - directly and indirectly.
05Xav::sorry, didn't catch the shoot around part.
Mr. Nut Job::weoutnyc - You sir are an idiot. If you actually read the guys post, you would see he was talking about how many shots Lin took DURING SHOOT AROUND AT HALF TIME.  My god people, reading is fundamental.  Reading is not fundamental, idiot...
weoutnyc::You sir are an idiot. If you actually read the guys post, you would see he was talking about how many shots Lin took DURING SHOOT AROUND AT HALF TIME.  My god people, reading is fundamental.
eenz3::I think he meant Lin shot 15 times during the halftime shoot around
NguyenDragon::He needs to be aggressive by driving... I noticed his jumpers gets better once he gets a couple of easy layups... He should just stop shooting the 3s...
JLinNASA::I'm a big Lin fan and recognize that Lin has bad games. Even Lin will be the first to say it.    I think Lin attracts many new fans (USA and worldwide) but it is Harden who primarily helps put Wins in the column.    With that acknowledgement, it is exciting to watch to watch the Rockets play.    Go TEAM Rockets!
rightersbloc::Everyone has a bad game. "To err is to be human" However, having a bad game in basketball has nothing to do with that, does it...It was just a bad game - deal with it.
roccabucci::Blessed by the dragon's blood and Fear the curse of the dragon
Ron Erick::mchale needs to start douglas, delfino, and patterson. it would be better for lin to run his own offense. he will get more touches and get about the same amount of minutes.
Dawan208::I take Harden over Melo any day.  He not only knows how to score but he also gets the opposing team in foul trouble .  It's so funny when they get mad too!
weoutnyc::You are all idiots. SMH
Dawan208::Is Houston no. 5 now??????   Wow and everyone is so young!!!   Not old like Knicks and Boston!!!!
jscmedia::We OWN the Eastern development league !   Go Baby Rockets !
weoutnyc::Wrong conference bro.
durant.4.mvp::don't you Lin freaks know what kind of nuisance you are?
05Xav::I don't think we give a sh.it what you think. lol
NguyenDragon::Its funny how a nuisance is calling someone else a nuisance... Both sides just need to stop so Rockets fans can talk about the Rockets...
Dawan208::Ignore him.  He only wants a response.  Ignore!!!!  Redbull and Stanley that means you!!!!
ScrewedUpTexan713::Asik is 4th in rebounds to I think ..
NguyenDragon::He is worth every penny...
Dawan208::I can believe that !!!
Dogcatcher76::Harden is 5th in scoring.  Asik is 4th in rebounds.   Jeremy is 5th in steal. Wow, the Houston rockets are slowly taking over the state page...
NguyenDragon::One more star player and we can seriously contend... I love watching this team...
Dogcatcher76::It's a good thing to be on the top 5 cuz most people just dont bother to check the complete list to see who's 6-10
yorke44::im not surprised at all this is a young team w lots of potential. lot of great young talent on this team
jalapeno94::6th in west and 3rd toughest schedule. Easily biggest surprise team of the year.
Dezagcoog::Harden is also 8th in steals.
Dogcatcher76::Wow. Jeremy lin  is on the top 5 list of steal per game.
yorke44::hes a great ballhawk and hes only in his 3rd yr be patient hes a good pg
Dezagcoog::Yeah I think it's mostly mental. I think he loses confidence or gets over confident. Each with its own problems. When he's under he underperforms brutally. But when he is over, he has way too many TO's. He needs to learn to be mentally stable. Which is what you learn with time usually.
Dogcatcher76::Come on that's the one last thing we can cheer for Jeremy.  Cuz  his TO and 3s and shooting percentage....sigh... Makes me sad-.-"
Dogcatcher76::Espn  just update the state Now jeremy is on the 5th behind Westbrook
jalapeno94::yes he is even though I don't really care. I'm more impressed by his defensive effort on his man the past few games.
ScrewedUpTexan713::for real ?
8723Chris::Ive been following this bet system named Sportsbettingstar the past few months. i have made around 2-3K a month profits since I started using this system. You can find this system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet on sports at all you gotta see this.
pistol111847::Dezagcoog is an exposed Lin hater. His twin Dezagcooog may be also... The plot sickens..
durant.4.mvp::actually far from the truth,,but  I will oblige if it makes you feel better, I'm a cheap date
durant.4.mvp::sorry, i got you, deezacoog..ya, a straight psycho
durant.4.mvp::Still here
Dezagcoog::Enjoy yourself durant lol this guy is as whacko as they come. Not only a troll, but a childish one at that. Actually called me a "liar liar pants on fire" lololol.
pistol111847::oh but yu are a hater aren't you. It doesn't matter that you deny it - I know who you are. You can fool others but I'm onto your cr**.
Dezagcoog::You're incapable of following any line of logic. Especially a discussion that doesn't start with the words "Lin is a demi g-d" and ends with "lets all kiss his lower chin"   So I'm going to appreciate you leave me out of your discussions and stop trolling me by calling me a "hater" and such. The little American idioms you know are getting tired and are very old.
FromCantonese::happy to see rox win
Stanley5826::DURANT4MVP  If KD gets MVP this year, can u swear on ur mom's grave not to troll this board again??
pistol111847::Liar, Liar pants on fire... Lin hater
Dezagcoog::What won us the game is the consistency of Asik and Harden and the spark by PPat and Delfino. That simple. Do I hate Parsons cause i didn't give him credit for the win? No. Do I hate Lin for the same reason? No.   But your spinning my answers says a lot about you.
pistol111847::oh a 3 point game in the 4th Q is a game in hand? TD is a great player, etc. etc. Really now Coog...
Dezagcoog::also "crunch" time i.e. Game already in hand. Not very useful.
pistol111847::You just said TD was great Coog - now you say he isn't? Which is it?? Your arguments are getting weaker and weaker and it's becoming quite obvious you arfe a hater.
Dezagcoog::I NEVER said he was great. I asked you a question. You're obviously not someone who can follow a discussion. Same as Redbul...from now on I'm going to not talk to you anymore and please stop trolling me calling me a "hater" and such.
pistol111847::It was in crunch time Coog. BTW most of the Rockets had terrible games in the 1st &amp; 2nd quarters - another sign of a hater - not acknowledging poor team play in general - just pointing out 1 player.
Dezagcoog::I didn't point out one player...stop spinning things. We're talking about this one player and you're asking me about his play tonight. Don't spin the bias of your questions onto my answers.
pistol111847::nah you gave him zero credit Coog - please be honest...
Dezagcoog::for today's game? I already answered. As much as Parsons at max but more than morris.
pistol111847::Because I say TD is not a great basketball player is just saying the truth. If you really think TD is great you are definitely in a minority of 1.
Dezagcoog::I don't, but I also don't think that Lin won us the game as you seem to. So he had a decent 4th. He had a TERRIBLE 1st and 2nd. How does one DECENT quarter erase two TERRIBLE ones?
NewAges::http://espn.go.com/nba/playbyplay?gameId=400278206&amp;period=4  here are plays in 4qtr
pistol111847::Thank you - points out what I'm trying to tell Coog the LOH
pistol111847::poor logic Coog. I just gave credit to TD while you on the other hand refuse to give credit to Lin.
Dezagcoog::Actually i did give him credit. Of course it's poor logic. That was my point.
pistol111847::TD had a great game but he is not a great basketball player. You are a terrible judge of talent if you think so.
Dezagcoog::But enough to say he won us the game or that he had a big part in our win? 8 pts 7 asts and 4 stls do not far outweigh 6 TO and 3 pf. Sorry it doesn't work like that. Especially since the TO are from a pg who is supposed to start plays not end them. He's had some great games. today is not one of them
Stanley5826::but lin really played terrible in the 1st half. 6 turnovers in one half is really bad. but he did make amends in the 4th Q tho.
Stanley5826::TD shoots the 3 ball better than anybody on the rox, except for delfino. so he complements harden well. but lin is definately better as a playmaker.
Dezagcoog::You just exposed yourself as a Toney Douglas hater!  see how ridiculous that is.
pistol111847::Hey Coog your answer showed up on the board after I asked u again. Your answer shows you are a hater as u didn't give Lin any credit for helping to blow out the Bucks tonight. You are exposed despite your claims to be so "excited" about having Lin on ther team.
Dezagcoog::yeah dude. So cause there were 4 guys on the team that got us the win, I hate lin...LOL talk about exposed. You expose yourself as a Lin Lover.   Answer me this. Since Toney Douglas had 18 pts do you give him any credit for being a great basketball player?
Dezagcoog::What do you want me to tell you, that he got 6 of his 8 pts in the final quarter when the game was already won? that when he was doing bad and getting all the Turnovers we were losing the game, cause a pg cannot be turning the ball over so much. Is that what you want to hear? I can say whatever you want. He contributed at most as much as Parsons did or less, and neither did much. But more than Morris I guess. His TO's are the main problem.
Stanley5826::i dont think hes a hater.  dont over react. hes just  pointing out that delfino and ppat was the real spark in the 4th Q. lin did contributed tho with the 2 steals
Dezagcoog::OHHH YOU CAUGHT ME!!!! DANGIT I HATE LIN!!! LOLOLOL  you're pathetic dude. you just proved what I said. we won by 15 not by 6....the game lasts 4 quarters not 1...
pistol111847::Your memory is very poor or you are a liar. The Bucks pulled to within 3 points in the 4th Q before Lin (and others) caught fire. You are a hater and you can't hide from it.
pistol111847::So Stanley and Dezagcoog I'm just asking a simple question - did Lin contribute to the victory tonight??  Don't give me that bull about too much credit to Lin. I don't think there's any danger of that on this thread. LOL
Dezagcoog::Not there's no danger. It's already a reality. did you read my answer?? like this is the problem.
pistol111847::so dezagcoog tell me after Lin had 6 pts., 4 assists and 3 steals in the 4th Q last night. Do you give him any credit for the victory?
Dezagcoog::I just answered your question dude. chill. See thats what annoys us Rox fans.
Stanley5826::hey Dezagcoog, whats with the imposter guy? u think its redbull? since u had some beef with him.
Stanley5826::hes just very passionate about lin.  its all good.  i dun think he means any harm.
Dezagcoog::Nah he's not into that. It seems to be one of the "fake" lin fans.
pistol111847::Ok then excited tell me something then - Lin had 6 pts., 4 assists and 3 steals in the 4th Q last night. Do you give him any credit for the victory?
Dezagcoog::Did he play? if he did he had something to do with it. Now if you're going to say that if I don't claim he won us the game I hate him, then you're insane. Harden did more, and Patterson and Delfino were the sparks that changed the game and got us the win. Lin played like crud for 2 qrtrs and got 6 turnovers. Luckily he showed up when ABSOLUTELY necessary. But a game consists of 4 quarters. The guy who was very oddly silent was Parsons. BUT he didn't lose us a lot of possessions so he kind of just melted into the background of the game.
Stanley5826::hey pistol, i think we as lin fans do not hype him too much. its gonna feed the trolls even more.  i think lin has to improve a lot on his shooting. cos hes really terrible this year.
NewAges::He is LOH(Lin only hater)
Dezagcoog::Sorry I don't hate Lin. Very excited when we got him!
pistol111847::dunno - maybe Dezagcooog...
Dezagcoog::Nope, he's just creepy weird and annoying. Don't hate him. But you seem to hate Durant.4.mvp. does that make you a hater then?
Dezagcoog::umm who do I hate?
pistol111847::right he doesn't troll other haters....
Dezagcoog::He hasn't trolled me yet. Seemingly only LOF...
pistol111847::durant.4.mvp is an OKC fan. Why does anyone listen to him on this thread? He is obviously a Troll ( and he's evil too).
NewAges::He must be real Durant and still missed Harden
pistol111847::yeah - damn evil Troll....
durant.4.mvp::why would I troll this team?
Stanley5826::go get some sleep and lay off the pipe. i know. u r always here stirring $$hit on my fav player.
WOOPZZZ::why are u here durant?
durant.4.mvp::and I'll be back tomorrow
durant.4.mvp::still here
Stanley5826::wtf. ur still here. go get some rest.  lay off lin for the nite.  come back early tommorow.
pistol111847::.Durant, Durant, Durant D'eville if he don't get you no evl thing will.Durant, Durant, Durant D'eville ....
Dezagcoog::Yeah dude the world revolves around you lol
pistol111847::just having a little fun with the Trolls. After all they live to bait bball fans. Get a life Trolls.
WOOPZZZ::kids, lol. are u guys at least 12?
Dezagcoog::don't need to. it says her name fully twice, not her first name 3 times.
Dezagcoog::I was talking to him not you. if you took it personally and got all upset that's your own problem.
pistol111847::Nitpicking Troll...
pistol111847::yeah it is - look it up
Dezagcoog::I think it's meant to be 101 Dalmations but that's not how it goes.
pistol111847::Nah 101 Dalmations. "Cruella, Cruella DeVille if she doesn't get you no evil thing will...." Sing a few verses....
durant.4.mvp::Is that off Orphan Annie?
NewAges::Rocket's 19-14 record is a team efforts. Most Rockets are inconsistent except for Harden. You would never know which Rocket will show up in certain game. That's what you get for being the youngest team in NBA. However, team game is what drives the current Rockets. They sure will make some noise in playoffs
NewAges::If there is no team effort and no one feed the ball to Asik. How does he gets double double every night. Asik is consistent on rebound but offensively. he still need a lot works.
NewAges::INCONSISTENT is that what I said?
Dezagcoog::And harden got like 12 points one game. Your point?
NewAges::Yeah but some game, he didn't show up at all.
Dezagcoog::except he's AVERAGING double digits.. What does that tell you?
yorke44::i got asik starting on my fantasy team and the guy is money every game
Dezagcoog::I don't agree. Asik has been quite consistent as well. guy is averaging double double.
sports guy12::Fear the Beard
rEdBuLxTaSy::PEACE FELLAS!!!  OUT!!! GO ROCKETS GO !!! :):):)
durant.4.mvp::go harden
rEdBuLxTaSy::ALRITE I'M JUST GLAD THE ROX GOT THE WIN.  HOPING THEY BEAT THE KRICKS RECORD AND I'M DONE :):):)
durant.4.mvp::they won't
topdropkilla44::skiles: start ilyasova.  come on dude
Dezagcooog::LOL.  Last year, Warrior fans were booing Lacob for trading Ellis for Bogut.  Now, they're glad Ellis is gone.
Dezagcoog::What are you playing at with using my name? just wondering.
Dezagcooog::Yep, he's been a great surprise
jalapeno94::Well Bogut hasn't done anything for them yet. But them Warriors are for real!
jalapeno94::Not enough has been said about Jarret Jack. He is a legit 6th man candidate.
Dezagcooog::Gets injured too much
vankenn::Almost every comment contain lin. Getting tired of it
rEdBuLxTaSy::ME TOO...SADLY THE LOF INSTIGATORS ARE THE ONES STIRRING UP THE RACIAL TENSION IN EVERY GAME :):):)
durant.4.mvp::so then why come after me?
WOOPZZZ::rEdBuLxTaSy - I TAKE PLEASURE IN ENTERTAINING THE TROLLS AROUND HERE LOL :):):)  you go red!! we need you around here to protect the fort, man!!
pistol111847::HaHaHa Durant you loser!!
durant.4.mvp::Poodle, go look at the stat sheet for tonight
rEdBuLxTaSy::HAHA ANYTIME FOR THE REAL LIN FANS  :):):)
durant.4.mvp::You only like Lin
jalapeno94::You like Toney Douglas. What a loser.
Lemuel7043::Damn Delfino is still scorching. I still have nightmares of him hitting 3 pts. - Hawks fan
jalapeno94::well he did cool off in the hornets game.
Denzel7587::Rockets are 19-14. Go Rockets. Torpedo other teams especially the New York Knicks.
John345781::I just want the Rockets to catch up with the Knicks. We're better than them, we blew them out twice.
Dawan208::Me too!!
H-Town Dream Shake::Real Rockets fan here holding it down in Sharpstown.
houstonvirus::well we better do some more tomorrow or i'm going to be pissed off
houstonvirus::gangsta!!!n haha Rockets are rolling i know this much
H-Town Dream Shake::That's how we do in H-Town.
Its All About The Crew::Its sad when you get 7 guys in double digets in points and lose
John345781::This bucks team is actually pretty good except for Jennings and Ellis.
colobr731::I agree with you somewhat, Henson, Harris, Sanders, Udoh and Mbah a Moute are good young base. But, honestly after Jennings and Ellis its not much better. Ilyasova is playing poorly, Marquis Daniels just isn't that good.   The rest of the bench includes Dalembert, Pryzbilla, Drew Gooden....ick.  Only good veterans on this team are Dunleavy and Udrih and that is depressing.
jalapeno94::thats pretty damning....
jalapeno94::you deserve to lose when you turn the ball over 25 times as a team.
Johnny Manziel is too good.::It's sadder that Milwaukee even has a franchise.
colobr731::The problem with the Bucks isn't the city, its the owner. Milwaukee is a actually a pretty good basketball city, Ray Allen just recently talked about how good it was to play there.  I know Kohl has done a lot for the Bucks, but he prevents them from tanking which puts them in a constant reloading for mediocrity cycle. Bad GMs and a bit of bad luck (last 2 star players Redd and Bogut having career changing injuries) have left the Bucks this poor excuse for a team.  Certainly they should have a franchise, they just need a direction. Sadly that will only happen with a new owner and probably a new arena to go with it.
Denzel7587::Harden is contributing well to the team, but he is not building up Lin. He's disrespectful in his habit of usurping the PG role. Lin always passes to Harden so Harden can score, but Harden is not allowing Lin to play the PG even in the early first quarter of the game. Harden can step up by helping Lin to play the PG duties when Lin is struggling. When Harden struggles as a scorer, Lin, Parsons and others need also to step up to help Harden. Harden step aside to let Lin play the PG role in the 2nd game against New York Knicks and the result was excellent. Subsequent games against Grizzlies, Bulls, Sixers featured Lin's excellent plays as the team's PG, but in the succeeding games Harden becomes a ballhog again and the vicious cycle starts from there--Parsons, Delfino and other teammates not passing the ball enough to Lin following Harden's lead.   There is no doubt that Harden is valuable to the Rockets. Very valuable indeed, but he is overdoing it many times and sometimes to the detriment of the team. I want these Rockets to become this year's NBA champion and the only way they can reach this almost impossible goal is to combine the strengths of Harden and Lin. In the past many games, Lin has demonstrated his capacity to become a teamplayer, but Harden has not really. Harden is just like Melo. There is no difference. At this point, it is much better for Lin to sit in the bench and allow Harden to play the SG and PG roles. Harden thinks he can win without Lin and he has arrogantly been showing this attitude in many games where he sidelined Lin as team's PG.
razordevil5::Open your eyes, James Harden is the only reason that Lin is on a winning team.  God help Lin if Harden hadn't come over. The funniest part is you guys still think Lin is Harden's equal... stay tuned.
jalapeno94::no shame there. Rondo would not have become the allstar that he is today nor won an NBA championship were it not for Ray Allen , KG and PP. DItto for Tony Parker and Tim Duncan.
Hank10593::Lin was turning the ball over way too many times so Harden took over this game as a pg. It wasn't til the 4th quarter that Lin got 3 (4?) of 7 assists. Harden had a great game tonight. But I do get what you are saying tho. Harden and Lin need time to figure each other out, I am OK with however they are playing as long as the Rockets win. I think this is the most important thing for both of them too.
Stanley5826::i dun think harden is the same as melo.  i think lin and harden get along fine, unlike melo and lin. did u see harden standing and applauding when lin was sub out at the end in msg.
pistol111847::After Woodson took over as coach of the Knicks they went 6-1 with Melo and Lin before Lin got hurt. Fact - look it up.
rEdBuLxTaSy::HARDEN IS MILES AHEAD OF meLO...HATS OFF TO HIM :):):)
rEdBuLxTaSy::PSHH :):):)
houstonvirus::damn bro, i wrote less than this on my English final in college... you know this is only going to be seen for like 3 minutes right?
houstonvirus::after seeing the word Harden 7 times in 8 sentences, I gave up.
Denzel7587::I bet you can't read this in 3 minutes bro.
WOOPZZZ::LOL
durant.4.mvp::even I don't troll that hard
Denzel7587::It's not hard for me because I think, write and type fast. And I'm Asian. I'm a Lin fan, but not an LOF (Lin only fan). I'm happy that the Rockets are now 19-14, not bad for a team expected to be last in the NBA this season. Hope Harden and Lin can have good chemistry again like they did in the games against the Knicks, Bulls, Grizzlies, and Sixers. Very exciting game.
Johnny Manziel is too good.::Arian Foster will have a big day tomorrow:  Houston-35 Cincinnati-14
pistol111847::hey haters out there... Rockets start 4th quarter 5 up. Lin comes in with 5 stitches and has 6 pts, 4 assists and 3 steals in the quarter to fuel 14 point victory. I dare you to say anything positive about this. Of course you won't - because you're a bunch of evil Trolls.
pistol111847::Durant, Durant, Durant D'eville if he don't get you no evl thing will.Durant, Durant, Durant D'eville ....
durant.4.mvp::What!!!?!!!
pistol111847::Durant is nothing but a Lin fan baiting evil troll... Really not worth replying to...
durant.4.mvp::I'm EVIL, you S luts, fall back!
rEdBuLxTaSy::I TAKE PLEASURE IN ENTERTAINING THE TROLLS AROUND HERE LOL :):):)
pistol111847::Haven't heard any positive comments about Lin's contribution tonight. I knew you were a bunch of evil Trolls!
durant.4.mvp::sorry...Lin provided paltry stats. 8 pts 7 asts 4 stls. okay?
rEdBuLxTaSy::EXACTLY!!! AND THEN THEY COMPLAIN ABOUT NOT GIVING ENOUGH CREDIT TO OTHER PLAYERS BESIDES LIN ;):):)
pistol111847::Yes Delfino was big and so was TD and Harden. But just let me hear you say that Lin was also a big factor in the win. If you can't after those 4th Q numbers I'll know you are a hater.
rEdBuLxTaSy::EVERYBODY CONTRIBUTED IN ONE WAY OR ANOTHER.  WITH THAT BEING SAY, THE OBSESSED LIN HATERS JUST WANT TO TRASH LIN EVEN IF THEY'RE WINNING OR NOT :):):)
durant.4.mvp::Tiny factor in the win. By comparison, again, Douglas needs the starting position
WOOPZZZ::teamwork dude, teamwork!
MolasseScorpion1986::Yes...and Delfino's three-pointers did not help in the win at all.
durant.4.mvp::evil!!!!! There's your keyword to clue you in we're dealing with a religious know-nothing.
houstonvirus::watching the Rockets playing in those jerseys tonight inspired me to go get some Mcdonalds...and it was yummy yum yum
houstonvirus::hell yeah it is...and my fat a.s...s got the extra mcrib for a dollar...what you know about that?
NewAges::Is that you Ray Felton?
houstonvirus::my man card is in your girl
jalapeno94::well-played sir. well-played indeed.
Johnny Manziel is too good.::Maybe you should go buy another man card you seemed to have lost yours by saying "yummy yum yum".
yorke44::rofl bro
thyshakes::Yeah, although a fan but that was definitely the first thing it reminds me of.
Johnny Manziel is too good.::Hi.   I am no Rockets fan so forgive me but has the p***y Royce White manned up yet?  Thanks
thyshakes::Don't know the whole story.  However, one with a high school degree and watches nba should be able to realize that traveling is required for the job.  Before anyone takes a job, they should know what was required.
Stanley5826::i bet he'll never play in the nba. who needs a drama queen in their team
MolasseScorpion1986::Some say he's still being a p***y to this day...
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::nope
thyshakes::What's the whole story?  I just heard that he won't fly with the team.
James Harden 3 point Celebration::Harden is earning that contract, glad for him
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::agreed, not sure he can sustain it the whole year.
thyshakes::Yeah, he is pretty awesome.  However, the way he plays kind of worries me since I hope his body can keep it up.  "Running down-hill" put a lot of stress on your joints.
Hank10593::CP3 is the man and I am huge Lin fan, but CP3 is the best pg in the league who should start in NBA all star game.
pistol111847::CP3 is the best!
Stanley5826::i hope lin is not in ASG. he needs the rest. remember last year, he was so burnt out.
jalapeno94::CP3 will start. He has more votes anyways. Plus I don't give a crap about the ASG. I just watch the saturday stuff.
durant.4.mvp::YES! Obama 2012 $@%!$.
rEdBuLxTaSy::SO WHAT IF HE VOTED FOR LIN...$@%!$ YOU VOTED FOR OBAMA RE.TAR.D :):):)
jalapeno94::The amount of times I f.u.cked your mom &gt; the amount of times I voted for Lin
durant.4.mvp::you dishonest little $@%!$@%
durant.4.mvp::promise you haven't voted for Lin at least twice.
rEdBuLxTaSy::HERE COMES THE OBSESSED LIN TROLL AGAIN...HE CAN'T SEEM TO GET IT OUT OF HIS SYSTEM LOL :):):)
jalapeno94::Didn't know your mom's s natch gave birth to slanderous liars like you.
durant.4.mvp::you lying sn atch. you've voted every day for Lin in that sham of a vote
thyshakes::Yup, totally reminds me of Magic.
cfylong::Lakers need a winner like Lin badly.  Nash looks good on paper, but Lin wins.  Period.
JLinNASA::I'm a big Lin fan and recognize that Lin has bad games.  Even Lin will be the first to say it.  I think Lin attracts many new fans (USA and worldwide) but it is Harden who primarily helps put Wins in the column.   With that acknowledgement, it is exciting to watch to watch the Rockets play.  Go TEAM Rockets!
thyshakes::Fake lin fan, fake handle.
cfylong::Nash has never won anything.  Lin wins at every level, even with a. Rebuilding team.
durant.4.mvp::because of harden
MolasseScorpion1986::To quote Pearl the Landlord: "Imma gonna smack you."
yorke44::hit me up when Lin has 2 NBA MVP awards and then maybe well talk....or atleast once hes actually played in a playoff game ur a joke bro
rEdBuLxTaSy::DUDE JUST CALM DOWN.  I'M A LIN FAN TOO BUT DONT OVERHYPE HIM.  THAT'S HOW YOU GET THE LOF INSTIGATORS TO FLOOD THE BOARDS :):):)
rEdBuLxTaSy::OMG YOU'RE JUST NOW STARTING TO USED 1/4 OF YOUR BRAIN...WELL DONE :):):)
durant.4.mvp::OMG you're just catching on to logic
rEdBuLxTaSy::OMG YOU'RE' ACTUALLY NOT AS DUMB AS I THOUGHT YOU WERE...CONGRATS!!! :):):)
durant.4.mvp::OMG you're smarter than you've ever appeared
elguapo195::cfylong, I'm a Lin fan, but you need to shut your mouth.
yorke44::is that y the suns went from last 2 1st when nash joined them back in 05 i think it was. his 1st of 2 back 2 back MVP'S? hes 38 now bro. stop trolling
Dawan208::Nash still has it!
thyshakes::As a Lin fan, I disagree.  Nash proved himself and LIn hasn't.  Just so funny that all elite ball clubs with money trying to buy a championship instead of building one.  Sure, just pay top dollars for superstars and we'll get a championship.  Lakers and Knicks fell in those traps.  Management at fault.
MolasseScorpion1986::Tonight: Nash had 12 points, Lin had 8. Yes, Nash looks good on paper.
H-Town Dream Shake::Lin played half the minutes Nash did because of his injury plus Lin has better D than Nash.
neil0920::Any reason why greg smith played only 3 minutes today?
H-Town Dream Shake::Because the players on the court were rolling and had good chemistry why mess it up?
yorke44::yes the lakers lost!!
rEdBuLxTaSy::durant.4.mvp The race superior to yours  OH PLEASE ENLIGHTEN ME.  I WOULD LOVE TO KNOW JUST HOW SUPERIOR YOUR RACE ARE TO MINE LOL?! :):):)
WOOPZZZ::com on bros, quit the race talk. its really stupid. go back to lovin/hatin on lin lol
durant.4.mvp::well, I don't have a rock around so I'll just do a chicken dance out in the open
rEdBuLxTaSy::YEP I'M DONE.  RACIST TROLLS CAN'T HANG WITH ME...AS SOON AS I CALL THEM OUT, THEY QUICKLY CRAWL BACK UNDER THE ROCK WHERE THEY CAME FROM LOL :):):)
durant.4.mvp::redbul, you'll never win versus me. move along, princess.
rEdBuLxTaSy::THAT'S IT???  LAME AND BORING. KEEP TRYING TROLL LOL :):):)
durant.4.mvp::Well, visually I'm in the dark, as well as you, but since you asked, your $@%!$ of a mother probably has the most influence, so the opposite of that.
rEdBuLxTaSy::I DID AND SHE SAY YOU'RE A BROKE A$$ WIGGLER :):):)
durant.4.mvp::ask your sister
rEdBuLxTaSy::BETTER IN WHAT?  :):):)
durant.4.mvp::right...white. definitely white.   I'm very black and better.
rEdBuLxTaSy::WHAT??? YOU MEAN YOU DID WHAT TO YOUR MOTHER?  AND NOW YOU CAN'T PAY CHILD SUPPORT?  :):):)
WOOPZZZ::you still here man? lol. kids went to bed?
rEdBuLxTaSy::SORRY YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE FACTS.  TRY AGAIN TROLL :):):)
durant.4.mvp::anytime, as sfuc k. let me know when you have a dubious grasp on facts again.
rEdBuLxTaSy::GEE, THANKS TROLL...FINALLY YOU'RE USEFUL LOL :):):)
durant.4.mvp::he's talking about you, shi thead
rEdBuLxTaSy:::):):)
thyshakes::To all you Knicks fan trolling here:  The facts are: Rocket is the lowest paid team in the nba and the youngest team in the nba. Probably the lowest amount of practice time with the current lineup playing together. And yet, they won against many good teams with the exception of Spurs/OKC. If this is not potential, I don't know what is.  Knicks in the otherhand is the oldest team in the nba but yet one of the highest paid. Lakers and Heat pay higher but they won championships and the Knicks hasn't got passed 1st round of playoff for over a decade. Although they are 2nd in the East, they are really rank 5th based on winning percentage. If they play in the West, they will probably rank lower. Everyone knows the West is much tougher than the East as of right now. With not much salary room and an aging team, they will start to diminish in years to come. Although unlikely, they better win a championship this year because if they don't, they will go decades without a championship but still paying a lot.
thyshakes::As one of you NY troll challenging us to go to Knicks board. Well, to be honest, I have done that but it was really not challenging.  Why? because it was not hard to make fun of Knicks, just simply state the facts.  Elite ball club paying top money for the oldest players and still no 2nd round playoff in OVER A Decade.  Dude, get real.
yorke44::wow the LA forum is blowin up
01.02.2013::Paul and clips choaking down the stretch
01.02.2013::hack a howard by the clips
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Deuces, guys.  Go Texans, and Go Rockets!
Lorenzomax7::BEAT LA~!!!
Dezagcoog::night!
durant.4.mvp::Creole Keri is a cool guy
colobr731::Delfino leaves the Bucks and now he can magically make 3 pointers? what the heck.  Tobias Harris, playing 3 minutes... Skiles needs to get fired. His house has been on the market since last season, he doesn't want to be here, grant his wish and let Hammond go with him.
largehrdsports22::Redbul is one of the main reasons I'm here. When Lin signed with the Rockets, I guess Knicks fans weren't torn up enough for him so he visited the blog regularly saying how the Knicks would miss Lin and were stupid for letting him sign with Houston. He thought Lin was better than Anthony! The Rockets are doing better than most people expected but Lin is struggling and now it's payback time. Comeuppance is a b/tch. But I invite all you LOF to come to the Knicks blog so that you can get your @sses handed to you. Good night Rox fans and eat hard d/cks LOF-you like that sh/t anyway.
Dawan208::i hope you know your lowsy knicks arent going nowhere
sagematic::By the way you conducted yourself here, i would bet that you don't have many friends.
cfylong::Stick a pix of a naked j. Lin in your basement room and obsess in private, cockroach.
jalapeno94::Also, I'd rather have my $@% handed on a blog full of fake internet tough guys than my team's !$@ handed on the real bball court.
jalapeno94::I gladly decline your offer to enter the asylum otherwise known as ESPN New York.
thyshakes::To all you Knicks fan trolling here: The facts are:  Rocket is the lowest paid team in the nba and the youngest team in the nba. Probably the lowest amount of practice time with the current lineup playing together. And yet, they won against many good teams with the exception of Spurs/OKC. If this is not potential, I don't know what is. Knicks in the otherhand is the oldest team in the nba but yet one of the highest paid.  Lakers and Heat pay higher but they won championships and the Knicks hasn't got passed 1st round of playoff for over a decade.  Although they are 2nd in the East, they are really rank 5th based on winning percentage.  If they play in the West, they will probably rank lower.  Everyone knows the West is much tougher than the East as of right now.  With not much salary room and an aging team, they will start to diminish in years to come.  Although unlikely, they better win a championship this year because if they don't, they will go decades without a championship but still paying a lot.
rEdBuLxTaSy::HAHAHAHA SPEAKING EXACTLY JUST LIKE AN LOF INSTIGATOR.  KEEP IT COMING BUTTHURT KNICKS TROLL :):):)
setrue::I stay away from cesspools and rat holes.
