HERMAN CAIN IS THE FIRST BLACK PRESIDENT::HERRO;)
diziboi::What Knicks Need to Win 1. become a good defensive team again like in the start of the season. 2. better ball movement like in the start of the season. 3. melo's teammates need to be more consistent. 4. melo need to feed to open teammates more. 5. knicks need to have consistent inside presence both offensively and defensively (chandler/amare) to open up the shooters. 6. knicks play with their heart again like in the start of the season never give up until the last second. 7. let brewer, white or copeland play more and bench novak who is very inconsistent and plays no defense. 8. felton needs to be an offensive threat again like in the start of the season.
rainmaker2007::I wonder why nobody said Jordan would never win as long as he scored HALF the team's points sometimes? Jordan was a pure selfish gunner. Anybody with 10 scoring titles does not pass the ball. His teammates stepped up, that's why the Bulls won. So at the end of the game, in a close game, the team with the scoring machine usually wins. With the game on the line, I'll take Melo over anybody in the NBA except you know who.
setrue::Come on man, you clearly implied if Jordan could win a championship with his skills set then Melo could win as well.  Stop backtracking from the contents of your post.  Additionally, you cannot justify why you would take Melo over Kobe, Lebron, or D Wade.  All who have won a championship or more and received individual MVPs in their resumes.   Let me conclude by saying, Melo will never win a NBA title as long as he is the alpha dog on a team.  The only way Melo will get a ring in the future  is signed for less money and become a 2nd or 3rd piece with a real superstar on the team.  Otherwise, he will be a Karl Malone, Ray Allen trolling to latch on a championship team looking for complements.  This will be Melo's career path.
setrue::Really delusional to equate Melo to Air Jordan.  Jordan had leadership skills which Melo does not possess.   Jordan played 1st  team all NBA defense every game which Melo does not play.   Jordan had a better FG% and is not a volume shooter like Melo.  I could go on and on but it is silly to mention Melo in comparison to Jordan.  You take Melo over anyone in the NBA?  Kobe with 5 rings, league MVP, and 3 NBA finals MVP,  all his 1st team all defense honors.  Lebron with one ring, and all his league MVP and finals MVP.  Dwayne Wade is better than Melo.
rainmaker2007::I'm not comparing Melo to Jordan. I'm saying just because a guy is a scorer doesn't mean he will never win. It took Jordan 6 years before he won a title. it doesn't happen overnight. It's delusional to think I was actually comparing Melo to Jordan.
slimgoodie38::tyson chandler is not a allstar cant create his own shot! felton needs to be more agressive looking to score hes capable! im fine with carmelo hes playing at a high level jr smith was non exsited and so was amare but wow its just one game plus the clips are loaded! rasheed will help off the bench!
rainmaker2007::It's all about match ups, and the Clippers, like the Rockets are a nightmare for the Knicks. That's ok, because the Warriors OWN the Clippers, and as the 3rd seed they may face the Warriors in round 1. They will lose. ...  The Knicks, meanwhile will have an easy Celtics team to sweep.
ulam81::My money is on the CLips over Warriors any day this year in the playoff with a full strength squad. You wanna bet on it?
I prefer boxers over briefs::Why are all the Knicks so skinny?  Because MElo never feeds them the ball!
37376::Yeah they've been talking about it on sportstalk radio. The Knicks #1 problem is Melo..............42 points yesterday, ONE assist. That ain't gonna get it done. You've got teammates like Felton, Shumpert, JR Smith &amp; Stoudemire who can SCORE. But you don't want to distribute the ball.................the same way you didn't want to distribute the ball in Denver. You want to know what they're saying about you Carmelo?? That you're a Coach-Killer!!! That's the reputation that you're developing. You're going to end up with a career where you have a ton of points &amp; NO RINGS. You're an idiot.
jtanglaw::Easy fix! Bench Melo and let the others win it for him! LOL
rainmaker2007::You don't watch the Knicks much. If so, you'd know that Melo bails this team out night after night. You'd know that his assists and rebounds are up. Yesterday he was the only person able to make a shot. If you asked Walt Frazier or any Knick announcer they would tell you you're wrong. And Clyde is the Knicks' most vocal critic.
I prefer boxers over briefs::LMAO
Dengue-Fever::couldn't bail them out yesterday huh?
gt1master_ike::Cliff Paul was a beast tonight. Just when the Knicks got the game to 6 and you thought they might make a run to send the game to OT, Cliff Paul came and closed the game out with some fantastic little man moves in the high post.
Chi_Town_Everything::Knicks are not gonna go far if Melo continually scores almost half of their total points.
rainmaker2007::I wonder why nobody said Jordan would never win as long as he scored HALF  the team's points sometimes? Jordan was a pure selfish gunner. Anybody with 10 scoring titles does not pass the ball. His teammates stepped up, that's why the Bulls won. So at the end of the game, in a close game, the team with the scoring machine usually wins. with the game on the line, I'll take Melo over anybody is this league except you know who.
Mac Laurenz::His teammates have to show up. They couldnt throw it in the ocean. Blame Wood son as well. He has to come up with better plays and use more motion in the offense. Amare needs to start and get more that 5 touches. Woodson is so in Amare's head about playing in the post he needs to just let him play and use his full repetoire of moves. This will truly open up the offense.
tracey2b::Melo tried to impress CP3 by shooting and scoring. Melo still is not team oriented but is getting better. He doesn't trust any of his teammates with the ball and will pass to them with less 8 seconds on the shot clock. He still needs to learn about team, and becoming a team player. 42 points for Melo and Knicks lose. 10 points for Melo and the whole team wins WOW!
Mac Laurenz::You obviously didnt watch the game and why would Melo try to impress CP3. He knows what type of player Melo is. Kick rocks troll.
BendOverTrolls::Knicks will get like the 4th seed maybe 5th
kapernick is squidward::Lebron &amp; CP3 - makes teammates better, can score anytime they want to but rather pass  Carmelo &amp; Kobe - makes teammates worse, looks like they are good scorers by jacking up 30 shots a game.
Devinhuelsmann::i wouldn't exactly put Melo in that same category as Kobe because no one makes their teammates worse than Kobe does. and Melo shooting 14-26 (52%) is not as bad as it looks 52% is a solid number
kapernick is squidward::Back in 2006, Carmelo broke the world record for shortest time elapsed between throwing a sucker punch and running the other way.
Dengue-Fever::What's the excuse now NY...
rainmaker2007::Let's see the look on the haters' faces when the Knicks go deep in the playoffs (maybe win the title) and Melo is MVP.  Well, I'll tell you right now, you people will disappear.
I prefer boxers over briefs::LMAO - ain't gonna happen!
jcsny::42 points and still lost.  By alot.
rainmaker2007::I've seen Jordan score 55 and lose the game.
rainmaker2007::Make that 68 and lose the game. So what's your point?
Kobe Brick Mason::"When I first saw Melo play I laughed along with all the team players in the league as we knew any team he was on was doomed for failure."  Michael Jordan
Kobe Brick Mason::Carmelo worst player in the NBA, all he does is lose in the playoffs because all he cares about is his point total, a real loser.
rainmaker2007::So Hall of Famers with no ring are losers now?
rainmaker2007::You probably said that about Lebron before he won a title. ... By your count, Karl Malone, A.I. , Reggie Miller, Charles Barkley and Patrick Ewing (all Hall of Famers) are all losers.
jcsny::they are losers.  how many championships have they won?
ShameO61::you know haters like to talk when we lose; didnt have a problem with melo the 32 game we won and he didnt get pass like 6 assist bottom line, LEBRON got his ring now people finding ways to critique Melo's game as if he should play like Lebron. I thinks it foolish for the one where was the bench lastnite???anybody...i'll wait
rainmaker2007::Everyone wants to slam the Knicks when they lose. News Flash: Usually, when teams lose a game, they look bad. Look how bad the Clippers looked against the Heat Friday night.  Look how bad the Heat looked against the Knicks TWICE, and we all know the Knicks aren't better than the Heat, let alone 20 points better. I'll admit, though, that we have a blind spot at the guard position on defense. The league must be saying the Knicks can be had at the guard spot – until Shumpert is himself again.
YaImFromCleveland::Ouch Knicks, maybe you needed some of this..  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJEDBaGmL8U
jtanglaw::LOL Nice one!
nba is the worst::Irritating to see the Knicks declining into total isoball after they seemed like they understood what good teams do to win in this league.  11 ast means there was no ball movement, and that 4th Q was simply an example of low bball IQ across the board.  Can Woodson watch some film of the November Knicks and get them to play that way again, or will this be just another wasted season?
smokinstogies305::First round exit.
rainmaker2007::Knicks will sweep the 7th seed in round one.
nba is the worst::If they can't get back to what they were doing when they destroyed the heat and beat the Spurs twice, they won't get out of the 2nd.
Chef Boy Ar Gee::Crawford was happy to be back, that's for sure
somebowlitroll::Knicks r soft with no heart
I-Lovemidgets_::Lots of empty seat in the Mecca of BB.  Hahahahahahahahahaha
mysammich::That's pretty, cool man
Rkingofqueens::Actually I was, there pretty packed..
I-Lovemidgets_::Oh well just another loss no big deal
ash2nash::Most fans in Denver Pull for the Celts Cause we hate new York teams so much!!!!!
manimarf09::doesn't make much sense.
Ontario925::You are a complete weirdo troll that appears to have a very unhealthy mental obssessive hatred for New York.
I-Lovemidgets_::Very poor sentence structure my friend
JoeyDorsey4MVP::People made fun of Kobe for not passing the ball, Melo makes Kobe look like the most unselfish player in the history of the NBA. 11 assists as a team is pathetic.
rainmaker2007::As if no other team ever ends up with 11 assists. Where were you when the Knicks had 25, 26 , 27 assists?
ash2nash::Melo= the ball stops with me
legacyreaper33::Isn't it amazing how Blake's scoring came back just when CP3 came back.
ulam81::you smoking something kid? his scoring went up jduring the period that Paul was out. He was on a tear.. he avg 23 ppg and 5 assists and 10 rebounds per game while Paul was out. He was much better and scored a hell lot more since CP3 was out. Watch a few Clippers game kid.
WareTheTDsAt::and 3 steals a game lol
mysammich::its also amazing that he averaged 20ppg the year before CP3 was on the clippers
Deaneer32::He also did last season while playing with CP3
ash2nash::Too bad its not baseball &amp; you could buy a championship like tha Yankmeees
Laker fans belive NBA refs did 911::Wow, The Clippers are just that much better with CP3, injured or not. I think he is quietly league MVP. Definitely most important to his team.
Keith Closs::as much as i wanna say cp3 will win the mvp, its still a 2 man race between KD and Lebron
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Melo going to win MVP really?  Maybe, when he learns to pass and defend possibly.  I honestly, believe it should be between Lebron and Paul for MVP.  At least those two players have a complete game.
ash2nash::Melon cant win in the playoffs
YanksKnicksGiantsRangers::Sorry. Melo gonna win that
NYballer6969::I thought Mike Woodson was brought in to be a defensive coach ? In the last 25 games the Knicks have been in the bottom 5 in the league in shooting percentage allowed ! Magic Johnson hit the nail on the head . The Knicks ain't going nowhere, by not sharing the ball more . Trying to beat the better teams by just depending on the offense. Having a predictable guy going 1 on 5 , who takes 26 shots and has 1 assist and a defense that is inferior to every Eastern Playoff team !
ShameO61::people don't see it that way MELO showed up where was the rest of the team, its all MELO aint pass or MELO wont defend
King_Melo_7::Cant blame Melo when the entire team jacks up bricks all game long only 2 starters scored in double figures and the bench only had 15 points!!!
Xx_KNICKS7_xX::it's not even melo's fault. jr smith 1-9? really? no 3 point attempts from novak? 88 points scored and melo has 42 on effiecent shooting. not his fault rest of teams
Xx_KNICKS7_xX::yea his bad defense shows but at least his offensive game is still there
Xx_KNICKS7_xX::pick and roll and perimeter defense is awful
37stan08::they try to switch too much and they start getting lazy after a while. amare needs to move his feet. but he might just not be quite right yet.
37stan08::knicks need to learn to play together a little better on offense and do a better job of defending the paint. still they are much improved from last year
ash2nash::Melos gotta PAY LA LA!!!  -KG
Clipper Ian::Five takeaways from the Clippers Knicks game on our fan blog:  http://fullyclips.com/2013/02/10/chris-paul-leads-los-angeles-clippers-over-new-york-knicks-five-takeaways-from-the-win/  With everyone back healthy for the Clippers, the West best get set for a GREAT finish!
ohiokris::43 mins, 42 points  and a lost.  The more things change the more they stay the same huh Melo.
ShameO61::im sayin wat if his teammates had a poor shooting night and melo just decided to not shoot and got 25 pts 8 rebs 6 ast and they still lost??...wat would ya'll talk about then people are so inpatient this aint the playoffs and its only one game
Kobrick Ross::Melo kinda beasted tho.   5-11 from 3.
Kobrick Ross::Is J.R. Smith the coolest below avg. player in the NBA ??
ash2nash::Denver fans love LA-LA u can have JR &amp; Water-melo-n
ash2nash::no love watchin JR implode for a loss
YanksKnicksGiantsRangers::6th man of the year by far, hate much ?
ash2nash::Didnt JR kill his friend driving like an idiot!!!!! kinda the same way he plays ball  - George Karl
ash2nash::Melo just cant seem to beat the west teams thats why he had to retreat to the weaker east!!!!! Plus He couldnt beat out durant for the all star vote!!!! LMAO
ash2nash::denver wasnt a better team with Melo!!!! Only got past the first round becuse Chauncy Billups the guy you CUT!!!!
YanksKnicksGiantsRangers::Why is it funny? Nobody would start over durant. Must be another miserable Denver fan. Jealous much?
ash2nash::Just in...... the knicks are thinking of changing there name to the new york nuggets!!!!!
rob31369::Blake Griffin has shown he is the best power forward in L.A.
NunE-Z23::Lamarcus Aldridge, Zach Randolph and Tim Duncan  are all better
A Drunk Monk::2nd best in PER behind Duncan. And anyone who think Aldridge is better is a joke of an NBA fan
ash2nash::Again Melo cant win against the west!!!!!!
YanksKnicksGiantsRangers::Yeah right. All he does is dunk
GreatnessQSmooth::The Clippers Know Who's Better Between New York And Miami http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
ash2nash::Melo= the ball stops here!!!!!
ash2nash::LA LA=  Im gettin paid Melo
I prefer boxers over briefs::"Any night the Knicks lose is a good night"  The Lakers
ash2nash::Clips lookin good!!!
Kingreggie6::And this is why the knicks suck live and die by the three and still have yet to get a quality win in the last month they beat the scrubs and brag and yet steadily lose to contenders
BankBuildingBets::http://www.facebook.com/BankBuildingBets https://twitter.com/BankBuildingBet
KnickCityBro::It was a good game. came back in the 3rd. lost it in the 4th, oh well. No shame in losing to a great team. Just gotta keep focused on maintaining the number 2 seed as Bosotn will probably get number 6 or 5.
jkedit1162::Who writes these headlines? A 14-point win is "crush"?did they actually watch the game? The Clips didn't pull away until the last half of the fourth, and it was hardly a rout.
smokinstogies305::Rout=double digit victory.
YanksKnicksGiantsRangers::No it's not
Kingreggie6::Losing by 14pts at home is a rout a hole
JrueRandallHoliday::Nice game for Carmelo AnthoMe...
ash2nash::CRY Mellow waaathony
RNYC::Haha another troll who didn't see one play of the game
BankBuildingBet::if you want to make money follow me on twitter @BankBuildingBet
RNYC::Dayda77 nets got CRUSHED. That's a pretty consistent theme for them but u come here to talk abt the Knicks.
