boilermaker52::Looks like going to Z-Bo really works. 0 touches in final 5 minutes.
rede482::i know JB is hot right now, but he can not run our offense as the pg. this game was coach hollins fault. tony allen MUST be on the floor at end of games. Sometimes hollins really p*sses me off
Beast 77::y da $@%! did we trade ellington
Beast 77::we should have traded for paul george or Gerald green, we need defense
ralphdavis480::Grizzlies not going far with Conley at point, he is terrible
emthomasjr::He has one off game as is "terrible"?  LOL.  Last two games he was 17-4 3 stl and 18-6 4 stls, both against bigger PG's.
tmoneyinmphs::I don't think conley is that good either, but he isn't that bad and only making 7 mil.  Championship teams don't always need a superstar pg.
clipctb::Grizzlies should make Bayless their go-to-guy on the perimeter if he keeps playing well.  Bayless has hit big shots in the 4th quarter down the stretch before.  But getting rid of Gay is starting to look bad.
emthomasjr::Bayless had multiple horrible turnovers and played putrid defense.  He definitely scored well but was the anti-Tony Allen on defense, which cost us the game.  We can win a game scoring 19 in the 4th quarter with our defense, but we are not going to win too many games giving up 31 in the 4th or any quarter.  It doesn't make any sense to go into the 4th up 6 against a bad team at home and lose period, not to mention by 6.  Defense is our calling card; there was none in the 4th quarter.
Bryson1981::Getting rid of Gay is not the problem. Memphis still has the 2 main core guys that should make this team go... Last night the problem was silly, inexcusable, unforced turnovers, Gasol and Arthur missing just about everything they put up and Hollin's unwillingness to get the ball to ZBO when things started unraveling in the end... For the last two games Memphis has lost it's identity and none of that had to do with Gay. If they are going to right the ship and get back on track to a really good season, Memphis has to get the ball to ZBO and Gasol and have them convert.
clipctb::If Daye and Davis are going to bring that little in the way of defense and offense, the trade of Gay will start to look even worse!
tmoneyinmphs::Nevermind that prince played as good as rudy so far and for less and those two players are extra pieces.  Once Quincy poindexter is back, he will be able to supply minutes at SG and SF.  The one thing we do miss is speights who could play backup center.  Zbo is the backup center now which will not work against some teams.  Last night was a good example of it.  Gortat and oneal are too big for DA and davis.
doof54::But, it takes both of them combined to equal the weight of any other big man on either team.
Beast 77::daye is 6ft 11 and davis is 6ft 10 there not small, oneal and gortat are each 6ft 11. davis and Arthur are the back up centers
rainmaker2007::I hope the Grizzlies are happy they traded Rudy Gay.
emthomasjr::We're 30-17.
Bryson1981::we are fine with it
Beast 77::no we're not
tmoneyinmphs::we are
Ivanov21::Who is the Grizzlies' go-to-guy? Zach? Marc? The scoring averages of Memphis resemble those of the Nuggets, only that Denver is an offensive-minded team and Memphis isn't. I think the Grizz might have offensive problems in the future. Their front-court is really crowded but they still lack outside shooting
emthomasjr::If we play defense consistently, it helps cover this flaw.  It is a bad flaw, but it can be overcome.  When we get better floor spacing, Marc and Zach will be the go to guys, or either Conley in the pick and roll.
Beast 77::Thrs nothing bad about it. R u in the nba
tmoneyinmphs::Let me clue you into something.  Memphis was struggling on offense BEFORE rudy gay was traded.  We also lacked outside shooting BEFORE rudy gay was traded.  Check out rudy's 3 pt %.
kblaw1::play ed davis fool!
stwinin1974::I have been using this betting system the past couple months called Sportsbettingstar. Im making between 2-3k a month using this system. If you search online for sports betting systems you can learn more about how this system works.
-Td4mvp3 -::The playoffs are all about matchups and it does not always matter about the record..the better team does not always nessecarily win....its about matchup problems that can take a heavyweight out...just look at my spurs 2 years ago getting beat  by the #8 seed memphis.....on paper we should have swept them but the matchups were a nightmare....I personally hope to avoid the clippers cuz they are a matchup nightmare for us this year
rainmaker2007::Don't worry. The Clippers hate to see the Warriors coming, so you can hope LA draws Golden State.
will-i_am::this is a different team right now. they need to figure out their chemistry and the collective position of their nutsack and get back to FAWWWKING GRINNDHAUUS
arizonasportsman::This win hurts.
Cardinals-Sun Devils-Diamondbacks-Suns::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. It definitely cost us the 2007 Western Conference Championship at the very least. After the tragedy of 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs..
Ivanov21::cry me a river
will-i_am::At least your not a kings fan you selfish, whiney such-and-such.
will-i_am::BUT DUNCAN HIT THE THREE!!!
arizonasportsman::ZzzzzZzzzzzzzzzzzZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzZZZZZZZZZZ
ChicagoSingh::The Suns are the trolls of the NBA. Lose to everyone, beat the Grizz and Bulls. Smh...
utclindsay::they suck, so they let their misery out on everyone else.
Lyvaniel::The Suns beat us earlier some teams match up well with some teams.
utclindsay::Grizz should have hammered the suns every time. The Grizz have alot of talent, it is just not utilized correctly.
Lyvaniel::Memphis will be fine ,clippers will be fine
Grindhouse2413::You know, Friday we won against the Wizards. Honestly, if Beal had played, I am not sure we would have won. We need a better offense. We have the right tools but coach isnt using them.
pedrobear1::Wizards sucked worst than the Grizz did
Grindhouse2413::Has any Grizzly taken a charge lately? Speights took at least one or two for us a night. SMH
tmoneyinmphs::Speights was needed last night at backup center.  We didn't miss rudy last night, we missed speights.  That is the only move i haven't liked so far.
pedrobear1::didn't realize they gave up 31 points in the 4th
Grindhouse2413::yeah, where the he.ll did our defense go to? we were just giving wide open dunks or reversals.
Grindhouse2413::Ever feel like NBA games are fixed?
rainmaker2007::No. But I do believe there's collusion between GMs from different teams, like when Jerry West sent Pal Gasol to the Lakers for NOTHING IN RETURN, or KG going to Boston for NOTHING TO SPEAK OF, thanks to Kevin McHale and Danny Ainge.  I know that's not really collusion, but those trades do not happen if old buddies don't make it happen.
Lugene Parker::I used too not believe it.............    USED TOO.
pedrobear1::yes
Cardinals-Sun Devils-Diamondbacks-Suns::The Spurs will finish with a record of 38-44 and will not make the playoffs.
Lugene Parker::Man your hatred for the spurs is more consistent than lebrons shooting percentage. LOL
Grindhouse2413::Has Prince even attempted a three pointer yet? Dude, its ok, you can be more aggressive.
Grindhouse2413::We are an inside - out team. Where is the OUT??
Lugene Parker::LOL!  I'll call you when they find it!
pedrobear1::not sure
pedrobear1::no
Lugene Parker::Well. You have to ask yourself.  Would you gamble knowing Rudy was going to ditch us next year  because of the opt out and keep him any way leaving the entire team intact and see how far we could go.  Only to have to be financially impotent for the next few years.   Or do what the current ownership did and blow it to hell.  Hoping that the coach can put some viable pieces together and still maintain our upward trajectory.  I'm gonna have to stick with the front office on this one.  It sucks but its for the future, we'll have to bite the bullet for now.  Now if we can just get our beloved coach to be prone to adaptation, then we'll be alright.
Grindhouse2413::Very true. ADAPT or become extinct. I meant like taking pride in winning a game you should
Grindhouse2413::Winning and getting another contract should be motivation enough. How about pride?
Lugene Parker::I think thats Hollins problem right now.  PRIDE.  Sometimes you have to adapt to what life throws at you consider that what you are doing at the moment might not be the best approach to what needs to be done. Even though knowing that sticking to your convictions on something has served you well in the past.  Sometimes your gonna have to think outside of the box.
Grindhouse2413::I want to believe once the players get time together, good things will happen. I think the coach has doing more harm than good.
Lugene Parker::Management has to have considered that with Hollins weaknesses, this move hurts the team.  I loved what Hollins being the head coach for the Grizz have done for the last few years.  But the front office had to have known that remodeling half the team in the middle of the season could be a significant blow.  I believe if anybody can do it Hollins can.  If he has the right motivation.......
pedrobear1::Rudy wasn't going to opt out in 2 years
Lugene Parker::Yes. He would be crazy.  But crazier things have happened.  I wouldnt be betting future financial flexibility on a player that doesnt give his all.  Its not good business sense.  We've already been burned once dealing with Rudy.  Cut cord now before we get dragged under.
pedrobear1::he'd be crazy if he did
Lugene Parker::From what I was reading, the chance for him to loomed.  And if that was the case.  I prob would have done the same thing.
Grindhouse2413::Every single time we lose from now until prob next season, every troll, fickle fan, and general dumb as,s will say "See, you should have kept Rudy". Such stupidity makes me wonder about people.
Lugene Parker::Yeah, I agree.  I like our chances with financial flexibility going forward.
pedrobear1::thats going to happen after every loss lol and after every win we would have loss because of him. Just get ready for it.
emthomasjr::Rudy wouldn't have made a difference tonight.  We still would have lost and people would have been ready to get rid of him for peanuts.
Grindhouse2413::hey pedro, I still show us at the 4 spot and Denver jumping GS into the 4 seed
Grindhouse2413::No guarantee we win this one even with Rudy the way Gasol and DA played. We lost one against them with Rudy this year.
pedrobear1::you're right have a better pct than both
Grindhouse2413::I know, they have won 7 in a row....Clips have lost three in a row.....We should not have lost this game. $@%!
Lugene Parker::I know.  Its aggravating.  The 3 seed would have been so reachable if we had our team intact.
Lugene Parker::I think its because we have one loss than they do.  But with the way were playing.  Its only going to be a matter of time.
Lugene Parker::Dammit Hollins!  Its time to go back to the Hubie Era of the 10 man rotation.  These players get paid to play!  This is the perfect time to do so even if it gets us a few losses.  We'll be better for it later on.  OMG, A blind donkey could see that this is a perfect opportunity!
pedrobear1::http://i50.tinypic.com/34j4y15.jpg
pedrobear1::.
pedrobear1::.
liverpool9348::Oh poor memphis... poor poor memphis...
pedrobear1::http://i50.tinypic.com/34j4y15.jpg
Lugene Parker::LOL!  I needed that.  Thats what it feels like right now.
Grindhouse2413::ZERO defense. NO paint protection. So embarassed
Grindhouse2413::Can someone tell me what is wrong with a solid 10 man rotation? We have the roster to do it. 8 aint cutting it Hollins
Lugene Parker::Thats a whole other issue in itself.  Sigh......  The man is admirable for his ability to not bend.  But damn.  This is not the time for this!
Grindhouse2413::Where was the intensity? Where was the fire? We went through the motions and played like dog sh.it. Hollins wont even put in outside shooters like Daye, Leuer or Johnson. We took 9 threes. Bayless had all our makes with 3. Pathetic. Coach, this loss is on you man
emthomasjr::Meanwhile Gortat with 20 and 7.  Marc with 8 FGA's.  I don't understand what the hell kind of inside-out offense we call ourselves running when your center gets 8 touches.
pedrobear1::Lionel on ZBo's 1 4Q shot: "Our guys were just shooting...We didn't look inside...I'll take the blame for that."
emthomasjr::To start the 4th quarter on the first 6 possessions were like 3 TO's and 3 jump shots.  Why the flip is it so difficult to intentionally go to Marc in the post as a part of the option?  Highly skilled big good at shooting free throws???  Seems like a pretty good option to keep the offensive from prolonged stalls.  It's not rocket science.
Cardinals-Sun Devils-Diamondbacks-Suns::YES!!!!!!!!!!! Road win vs a quality opponent. This feels good! :)
Cardinals-Sun Devils-Diamondbacks-Suns::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. It definitely cost us the 2007 Western Conference Championship at the very least. After the tragedy of 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
Lugene Parker::A comment was made earlier about Hollins being stubborn in this game.  What was he doing?
emthomasjr::I agree.  He can run some combo guard.  He can create plays as a secondary playmaker, but something about having to dribble the ball up the court and actually pass it to somebody in a position to score makes him lose his mind.
Lugene Parker::Its moves like these that i think we can do to win now and make it easier against teams that we are clearly more talented than.  But it allows you to overcome the rookie mistakes of not knowing the plays and at the same time develops you.  I was looking forward to this stretch with the new guys getting burn.  If we are to lose I'd rather it be doing so with our other guys getting significant minutes to help us in the long run.
Lugene Parker::LOL
emthomasjr::I don't know, but we can't win with Bayless running point.  He is a good scorer but sucks total $@% at initiating the offense.  There was a little girl named Mariah on the Junior Grizzlies basketball team at the intermission that is better at initiating offense than he is.  Wroten may make questionable decisions at times, but he is better at running the point than Bayless.
Lugene Parker::I've been saying this all along.  Put wroten in.  He is a better initiator.  Cant score.  But Bayless can make up for that.  Bayless plays better as a SG IMO.
emthomasjr::We looked like $@% out there tonight.
Benjamayne::marc gasol and darell arthur played like bums. good game for bayless and zbo. dont understand why the grizz struggle with this scrub suns team.
cactusbat::Bayless should have played 6 or 7 more minutes
pedrobear1::wroten is done under hollins this year
emthomasjr::We needed Wroten in there.
emthomasjr::And he would have thrown the ball straight into the stands at least 2 more times.
emthomasjr::Bayless looked good on offense, but was completely absent on defense.  He scored 29, but gave up at least 20 in wide open looks including dunks and lay-ups to his man in addition to turning it over 4 times, mostly unforced, on critical plays.
pedrobear1::Suns own us. Plain and simple
pedrobear1::lol its true 27-16 in the 43 games we've played
machinegunkelley80::Doesn't matter never say $@%! like that out loud  lol
Lugene Parker::I think he means within the last 3 years.
machinegunkelley80::Have you lost your mind
ASUBBALLFAN21::We want Colangelo back.
pedrobear1::Denver passed the grizz in the standings
emthomasjr::They earned it.  The way the guys looked out there tonight, it's hard to root for them.  They looked like they were checking in to clean toilets at a prison by their body language.  It was depressing.  Even at the start of the 4th quarter, they didn't even look like they had the fight in them to come close the game out.
machinegunkelley80::Good hopefully that helps the front office quit being
Lugene Parker::Sigh...........
pedrobear1::http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/34425438.jpg
ASUBBALLFAN21::Grizzlies blow.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Blame the new CBA. It sucks. It takes effect in 2014 and all the teams over the cap will not be able to do any sign and trade or make their teams better. The teams under the CAP will be able to pick up a Star level player easily.
utclindsay::not as bad as the Suns..
thundakiss65::Maiden rules
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Suns are only hurting their lottery chances by winning. O I forgot they have 2 lottery picks because of the Lakers. Never mind...
cactusbat::It still doesnt help. We have won too many lately and Lakers have won too many lately too.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::I hope the Suns keep winning lol
