haddon16::beasley for luol deng
Jg2.o::So what I'm saying below is, if any offer that is just too good to pass up - and I'm assuming/hoping Adelman has a good deal of input in any possible moves - then take it, but don't force anything. We can continue to develop this season AND make the playoffs.
luvnbayes::Am I the only Wolve fan who is concerned that Adelman might be running Love into the ground?
Jg2.o::No, you're not the only one.  And speaking of minutes, why is Randolph not getting at least a handful of minutes a game? Maybe he's a head case too.?  Beas actually looks like a good teammate to me - at least on the sidelines.  I don't know, his situation and Randolph's are an enigma. If it comes to the point where they are just absolutely not wanted, they need to package them together in a hurry and at least get a first rounder or something decent in return.
themightyrule10::or the lakers realize they need to rebuild themselves and don't want to waste a 1st round pick?   Mike Beasley is 22, and has made huge strides in maturity since he's been in Minnesota. Besides getting caught with weed, he hasn't caused any locker room problems, so what is there to complain about?   I agree about Klove, adelman has to be careful...he's always had something against Anthony Randolph (who is immensely talented and isn't even close to his potential as a player.
luvnbayes::I am equally confused about Randolph.  He isn't very cerebral but he always plays hard and he is exceedingly quick to the ball.  I like him a whole lot more than Darko, that's for sure.     I can't disagree about Beasley actions on the bench, but I stll get the feeling he's miserable and will become a distraction.  But I could be totally wrong.  But I do know that it was written that the Lakers turned down a trade for Beasley that would have just cost them a draft pick, meaning Beasley has gone from the 2nd pick in the draft to someone that at least two teams (Minn and the Lakers) don't think is worth a late first round draft pick.
memphis steeler since 1970::I love (pardon the pun) how ESPN continues its love affair with Kevin Love.  All you see on the Worldwide Leader is how Kevin Love leads Minny to 8th position in West Conf. Kevin Love may be the best poward forward in the league. Kevin Love may be working on cure for cancer. Kevin Love saved some kittens from a burning house after he led the TWolves past the Trail Blazers.  Meanwhile, Memphis has risen to the 3rd position in the West without its most valuable player, Zach Randolph, who in the 4 or 5 previous meetings with KLove, has owned him.  But do we hear or read anything about Memphis at all??? Naaaaaah.   Memphis has beaten Minny 2 times this without Zach Randolph. The second game, Love was serving his suspension for stepping on Luis Scola's face (a move that I wholeheartedly salute and needed to be done a long time ago.)   Minnesota is a great story. Rick Adelman is absolutely an amazing coach. Rubio, DWilliams, Love are all nice players. Im proud for them, but come on ESPN, you jack arses are just ignoring a pretty special story in the Grizzlies. I know Memphis isnt a major media market, but that doesnt take away from what they are accomplishing. Wake up and spread the love (pardon the pun again).  Dont just save it for the TWolves.
luvnbayes::Minny is the most improved team in the league.  That is always a feel good story.
themightyrule10::Memphis was a playoff team last year. Almost knocked off the thunder. The wolves have been bottom feeders of the entire LEAGUE since the KG era and are in position (if they keep winning) to be a 6th, 7th, or 8th seed in the west. That right there is a much bigger story, ease up on your bias.   Besides, the grizzled should have stayed in Vancouver. cooler jerseys, and I can't remember the last time I saw a grizzly bear in Memphis lol....
MassAmountsOfFrustration456::Wolves don't get a lot of love either....just because the recap shows up on the sidebar doesn't mean anything...but yes, Memphis needs more coverage.
TayCarson::9 minutes for Eliot Williams when Jamal Crawford goes 3-13 from the field... this is exactly what is wrong with McMillan. If a player doesn't have it that night, Nate needs to bench the guy and give someone else a chance. Portland has one of the most frustrating coached in the NBA - it's time for a change.
mark35345::A chance for retribution: the T-wolves play the Spurs in the first round. Adelman only need show the video of last year's Grizzly series and then you'll find out what these young wolves are made of...
mark35345::Portland is dying for a home game against the Lakers. Just dying for one....then they'll break out of this....certainly by playoff time. At his rate, Mc Millan could be long gone.
Jg2.o::Most question marks should shake themselves out in the offseason or next year. Kahn needs to be patient and let Adelman work with all the youth on this roster. The trade rumors seem to be other teams reaching out to Minny - as it should. Sometimes doing your job properly means doing nothing at all.  Make a move this summer or next season, when we're hopefully a 3-4 seed at this point.
luvnbayes::I agree except for one player, and who knows, I might be wrong.  But I read Beasley as a distraction, he doesn't help the team and looks completely disgruntled in his body language.  I think trading/releasing him would be addition thru subtraction.  But I DO NOT want to see either Ridnour or Johnson traded.
themightyrule10::great post
Jg2.o::D Will has to develop quicker feet by next season. He can do it - he's in the average size range for a 3. Much of his challenge is about being young and learning to play D. But he possesses decent feet, and definitely has the physical stature/ability to become quicker. He's a bit of a tweener, but K-love aside he's not really a 4 either. He should be our starting 3 by next year.
luvnbayes::i agree but Williams is not ready right now to play the 3.  And we should not be in development mode, this team can make the playoffs and that should be the entire focus.  Especially after years of futility.
conlevis2::Love is a freak
bdholman89::We missed 20 three point attempts. If half of those would have gone in, it would have been a W. I love my Blazers but something needs to happen with the coaches/players or it is going to be a long road trip. I think we need to stop taking so many threes and go mid-range more. One more thing, why did Pryzbilla only play 3 minutes and Thomas 7? Why didn't we play more big guys to battle with Love? Tough times for us Blazers fans right now.
tradepost25::As a Wolves fan watching the game, the Blazers were trying too hard to find the open three. It kinda irked me seeing the Blazers miss WIDE OPEN opportunities from three point land. Problem is, they were trying too hard to find three pointers. They need to drive in more and make easier baskets like what LMA did in the first half. Then the Blazers might've won that game.
luvnbayes::I'm becoming a big Williams fan but there is no way he can guard people on the perimeter.  He isn't quick enough and isn't aware enough.  His only chance is guarding post players right now.  Please don't trade Ridnour.  Please DO trade Beasley, even if it's a give away.
tradepost25::I've seen Beasley play for our team. He is terrible for the Wolves.
themightyrule10::Dwill is a 4! Of course he can't guard the perimeter that well. Idk why you're hating on beasley.....  If the wolves trade Beasley, they won't have a true 3. Wes isn't a true 3, nor is martell Webster or Anthony tolliver....
skillslayer::no rubio in a one on one contest. he could school anyone.. and get lay up after lay up.
luvnbayes::Because I see how little he cares about defense.  He is a very talented player with the ball.  If the league had a 1 on 1 contest he should be the Wolves entrant.  But the game is 5 on 5, and the only time Beasley cares is the 10 percent of the time that he has the ball.
TurdTickler::4 free throw attempts?  Is that a typo?  Is Ptown the softest team in NBA history?
The North Star State...::The worst part of getting a SG is that Ridnour will be sent to the bench and Wes will still get to start.  When will DWill get the opportunity to play SF?  Adelman should really start rotating him in while Pek and Love are still in the game.
Rubio is not Blondie::I think that we are seeing a lot of weird things because of the lockout and the youth of the roster. I think that next year everything will fall into place. If we get a SG I hope that the player affected will be Wes. Ridnour and Barea would be the back up SG/PG and would see plenty of play time. With Beasley out, D Williams will be playing starting forward and Wes and Webster would distribute the rest of time.
luvnbayes::Sorrry, to repeat myself, Williams cannot guard perimeters players right now.  Not nearly quick enough.  He'd be as bas as Beasley, and Beasley is the worst.
haddon16::trade beasley for danny granger
luvnbayes::Indiana would NEVER do that trade.  it's like saying let's trade Ridnour for Kobe.
Rubio is not Blondie::I would rather have Iguadala than Granger. Granger is a so so defensive player and a low efficacy scorer that throw bricks like if he was in the construction bussines. If his salary was 6 mill I would say he will be a good choice  but he makes a whopping 12 mill
haddon16::i like paul george too
Rubio is not Blondie::He is untouchable. I like him too
haddon16::beasley is a horrible team player and 1 of the worst defensive players ive ever seen
luvnbayes::Agree totally.  Except I would say THE worst.
Rubio is not Blondie::Granger is the kind of player that stops the offense. He is a marginally better version of Beasley
a_train331::Love wouldn't like that lol
SotaBoy4Life::Got a new profile pic
ChimeraLycan::i don't get why people see Love as such a low MVP candidate? his numbers have been MVP caliber all year. the only difference is he's getting some help and the team is winning more now.
docdribs99::They need to keep winning and be at least the 6th seed for him to be considered
Rubio is not Blondie::To be considered for MVP you need to be in a big market team and/or be a flashy player. Otherwise you have to play at a high level for several years. The only exception for that was Duncan (he was a first pick on the draft and won titles right away)
mr.baseballer69::how do people pick griffen over love? i just dont get it love is a great 3 point shooter griffen is not, love is a great rebounder griffen is decent. probably the only thing griffen is better at is dunking. oh and by the way love is a better scorer.
Rubio is not Blondie::As of late, I havent seen many people choosing Griffin over Love
a_train331::Kevin Love 3-0 vs. Blake Griffin this year....Nuf said
Rubio is not Blondie::I was thinking yesterday that if the Bulls need scoring options, maybe we could rent them Beasley and get the rights for Mirotic. That guy can shoot and it is long.
a_train331::Kevin Love has more 30p/10r gms (13) than Kevin Durant, LeBron James Dwight Howard combined (12).
The North Star State...::Who else is against the rumored Ridnour for Crawford deal?  Why can't Kahn just trade Beasley for a young SG like Morrow or Klay Thompson or Shannon Brown?  The Wolves don't need a veteran that is going to try and take the leader role from Love.
minny snowta::Shannon Brown would be great but I want to keep both Beasley and Ridnour, I wouldn't mind giving up Wes and Barea, perhaps Randolph.
Leap_JRH::I'd be willing to trade Beasley for a SG that plays some stout D... if he's a 30 minute SG that scores 7 ppg but plays good D, that's fine with me.
The North Star State...::Beasley is so unneeded on this team.  The Wolves need to pedal him for someone that is going to contribute on a regular basis.
Rubio is not Blondie::I dont like Crawford for the Wolves. Klay Thompson is great but GS is not going to trade him. I could see Brandon Rush being a good fit for our team.  Other players like JJ Redick or Courtney Lee would also help with the outside shooting but the truth is that lately we are killing it from 3.
Rubio is not Blondie::exactly
The North Star State...::GS has to get rid of one of their SG's and from the sounds of it they want too much for Ellis.
Rubio is not Blondie::I actually like Courtney Lee because is a better defensive player and Rush because he shoots like if it is not his bussines. I wouldnt like to get rid of Ridnour either. He is the kind of guy who makes the life easier for coaches.   But I do think we should get a SG, we have too many people playing 3 and we dont have any bonafide SG.
Leap_JRH::I think unless someone is going to give us a deal that is a significant advantage for us, just keep Ridnour. All these rumored deals to me are just making moves to make a move. Ridnour is fine, about as fine as those other guys minus Thompson.
The Amazing Chef.::GOOO WOLVES!
dcreery15::wat ppl don't get about knicks is that the problem is ther defense, lin shump walker jeffries and chandler is way better then lin fields carmelo stat and  chandler  more on that here http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
PhilMNAP::Rubio&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Lin.
Rubio is not Blondie::who gives a crap
Rubio is not Blondie::BTW, now that Bricky is not here..... monster game from Kyrie. The dude doesnt shrink in the clutch time.
Leap_JRH::I don't think anyone believes Irving is a joke. But really to me, the level of effectiveness from the two players is about equal. It depends on your preference, do you want Kyrie passing to Kyrie on the wing and dishing it to Kyrie in the lane... or do you want Rubio distributing the ball and trying to riddle defenders?
Rubio is not Blondie::If he shoots efficiently he will be the true heir of Nash with better defense
Leap_JRH::3 for 8 last night... that's not going to win any MVP's, but it will be enough to win basketball games, Last night his offensive output was where I hope it will be for most of his career... it's just enough to force defenses to be honest. If he can do more than that, hey, great... but last night was fine.
PhilMNAP::Another great thing about Rubio and once he gets a consistent jumpshot he will be unstopable. Think about it, you have a guy that you never know who he will pass to because he can make all the passes and then the guy can shoot the ball. That will be Rubio in 2-3 years.
Rubio is not Blondie::I agree, it is way more difficult to defend a team when you cant predict who is going to shoot. If you have a scoring first PG you just have to clog the lane and they loose efficacy
Leap_JRH::I'll take Rubio as well because in "real basketball games" down the stretch and in the playoffs, a scoring PG will need to distribute the ball. Even while LA was winning titles and Kobe was throwing down, he was very effective as a distributor. You have to be able to pass at an above average skill level to beat good NBA teams when they actually play defense.
Rubio is not Blondie::I take Rubio everyday. Kyrie is cut in the mold of the new generation of scoring PGs that I dont like too much. I think that he is way young and doesnt have a feel for the game yet so he could mature into a Chris Paul, or become a flashy PG who shoots way too much. What I give him credit is for delivering in the last minutes of tight games. At the very least, it shows character.
eazyt_971::S.hit is about to hit the fan in Portland. Fans are pissed. Management is pissed. You got reporters saying that they see Gerald Wallace laughing and joking after losses. I think this blazer team is gonna look alot different 1 week from now.
eazyt_971::If Paul Allen is as angry as these sources say he is then as a blazer fan I can almost guarantee that changes will be coming over the next week. If Gerald Wallace wants to laugh and joke after losses then we can send him back to Charlotte.
Rubio is not Blondie::In all honesty, if you take Aldridge and Batum out of the equation, the rest of the team is composed of 2 good players that have seen their peaks pass (Camby and Wallace), a decent PG that is underachieving (Felton) and a overrated guard who shoots way too much (Crawford).   Portland should be doing some serious reconstruction next year
RyissWeezy::?
eazyt_971::I don't understand why Phoenix won't trade Steve Nash. Portland traded Clyde Drexler in 1995 when it became clear that the team was no longer a championship contender. 4 years later they were back in the conference finals.
eazyt_971::Well Crawford ,wallace and felton will all be free agents after the season so I really hope that Portland can just trade those guys before the deadline and get some draft picks for them.
Rubio is not Blondie::I think that the process will take 2-3 years. There are not that many pieces available in the free market right now and there are many teams with cap space. I would hold the horses next year because is going to be easy to overpay for mediocre FA.
PhilMNAP::Sure he is old but still can rebound some.
eazyt_971::Lucky for us we will have a ton of cap room to work with over the next few seasons. So I'm confident the organization will rebuild itself into championship contenders again. It doesn't feel right for teams like Portland and Phoenix to not make the playoffs. But if history teaches us anything the blazers and suns will be back very soon.
Rubio is not Blondie::Camby is a pro, but he makes almost 12 mill and he is 37
PhilMNAP::Camby is a good C. They should keep him too.
Rubio is not Blondie::100% agree. Middle of the pack is the last place where you want to be in the NBA
Leap_JRH::They need to just gut that team. Keep Aldridge, Batum, and Felton. That's it and I mean that's it. The only harm Portland can do to itself from this point is to be idle and just stick with the "safe" status quo, which isn't all too safe.
Leap_JRH::I don't think they have the guts to change the course of that ship. I know I'm a Wolves fan, so I naturally dislike Portland, but I really think they're just not tough enough to fight through this.
SDunick::http://games.espn.go.com/flb/leagueoffice?leagueId=119963
SDunick::everybody can join. please.
Rubio is not Blondie::Tomorrow we are playing the Lakers with Kobe in Teen Wolf mode. If we manage to alienate him the game is ours.
Leap_JRH::I think the best way to defend Kobe right now is to simply pretend to guard him. Let him think he's open and just start chucking everything at the hoop. He can't make them all, no matter how open he is and as you said, it'll alienate him from his teammates schematically.
Rubio is not Blondie::It makes sense. Rick will probably want to make sure he is not going down for a few weeks for speeding up his recovery
Leap_JRH::I have a feeling Pek could play right now if he had to... probably (hopefully) just resting him for the LA tilt.
Rubio is not Blondie::I hope we have Pek this friday. We need at least 2 bodies to fight with Gasol and Bynum.
eototal::Wow just watched sportscenter and they did not even mention the Wolves. No damn respect. None! Maybe they could find more time to talk about NBA games if they didn't gossip about Peyton Manning for a half hour each hour.
minny snowta::it is all about personalities, remember when KG was on the wolves? they got major airtime because Garnett was such a personality, loud, outgoing.  Love is developing into a leader but I hope to gawd he never becomes a loud mouth like our former Kevin.  He won't, I actually think this team will be better than the KG, Googs, Sealy, Joe Smith Sprewell, Cassell era because we got some great role players and they are all developing with one another.  I don't watch too much espn because they only focus on a few stories every segment and force it down the viewers throats, it's all Lebron, Saints, Jeremy Lin, Lakers, Tiger and Yankees, it's sad!!
minny snowta::He has a point, and atleast he's not so blind like all the other drunken fans that probably take pride in all that coverage.  Cheers Leap_JRH! for not trolling and being real.
PhilMNAP::Hisssssssssss! Packer fan!!!
Leap_JRH::As a GB fan, the amount of Packer coverage was exhausting for me to be interested in over the season. Aaron Rodgers this, Aaron Rodgers that, who is Aaron dating now?... Clay's hair is so wild, the man with the long blonde hair is sacking QB's (no he wasn't), Charles Woodson blah blah... how about focusing on the TEAM ASPECT, that's how they 15 games. But that's not interesting I guess, doesn't sell shoes.
Leap_JRH::You have to expect this sort of 'coverage' from ESPN. It's called the Enabling Sports Personalities Network for a reason. The money generated in a million different ways by ESPN hyping individual brands (like Peyton) is more than we can even imagine.
eazyt_971::You guys should know by now. Small market teams get no respect unless they play the knicks, celtics or lakers. Even the spurs don't get talked about.
Leap_JRH::It's not even about the Spurs or the Wolves. It's about individual market brands, ie; Peyton, Lebron, etc. Nobody cares that Tim Duncan is a legendary big man, he's very quiet, humble, etc... all the things that are not exciting.
eototal::If Adelman does not get coach of the year, that award has completely lost its meaning.
eazyt_971::He should have won it in 1990,1991,2001 and 2002.
The Amazing Chef.::AYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY WOLVES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
eazyt_971::Well good luck the rest of the season Twolves fans. Adelman is the best regular season coach of all time. Paul Allen's biggest mistake as owner was firing Adelman in 1994. I think it's time for Portland to trade Wallace,Felton, and Crawford and stock up on draft picks.
leonsearcy::love these comments eazyt----------wolves are a different animal with adelman running the show---------no excuses--just some good hard ballin----he is clearly one of the best defensive coaches ever
jbWhatever88::In one of those odd stats that only the Elias Sports Bureau can produce, Love on Wednesday became the first player in NBA to record 25 points, 10 rebounds and three three-pointers in three consecutive games.
eototal::He has a great all around game.
mnsportswopwopwtfespn::"The only worse thing than being injured is being on the bench watching Darko do my job wrong" Pek
eazyt_971::I didn't watch the game but I just checked the stats. Minnesota had 26 FT. Portland had only 4? REALLY?
eazyt_971::89 has to be approaching the record.
eazyt_971::must have. 93 FGA to just 4 FTA. I wonder what the record is for largest differential between FGA and FTA in 1 game is.
eototal::Portland was hitting a lot of shots but the Wolves in general are pretty good at not fouling.
PhilMNAP::Portland was taking jumpshots all game.
jonnyd_94::The one thing people can't rip McHale for...trading to get Kevin Love.
B1ouin::That was luck on McHale's part. You make a million decisions you're bound to get atleast one or two right. Trading for Kevin Love and drafting Kevin Garnett are about the only two major things he did right... I don't hate the guy as a person, but he definitely was a terrible GM.
jbWhatever88::If McHale was still here though, he would have sucked the life out of him.
ibnfrey::If MVP is about who's the best player, then Love is just in the conversation. If it's about who is most valuable to their team, then Love is the MVP.
minny snowta::I couldn't of said it better myself, it's funny that espn keeps saying mvp is lebron.  He might be the best player but he is no way the most valuable to his team, he has 2 all stars with him and great players like chalmers and jones.  He is valuable, don't get me wrong, he is the s h i t but he has lots of help.  As does Kobe, Rose and Durant, they are great players and the best their teams have but each of these guys has way more help and each one has a all-star player with them in Bynum, Deng and Westbrook.  I think that if the MVP is about who has the most individual impact and is solely winning games, the mvp should be Love.  B Ball is a team sport but K Love has taken this team under his arms and driven them to a place they would not reach if he were somewhere else.  But I'm a T Wolves fan, so what do I know?  But I love D. Rose, my favorite player, Kobe is great, Durant and Westbrook are on my faves list and even though LBJ has turned chump since joining the heat, he is the best.  I even got the Cavs, hunter orange LBJ jersey which is wicked but it hasn't left my closet since he left Cleveland.  :)
leonsearcy::under any sane criteria he is right there-----
Finnegan5033::I wish I could say Wes Johnson's night is something to look forward to. Unfortunatly it is probably just a flash in the pan.
purplehairs::I wish you were right. He is scared to drive to the basket. If he had balls he would be a fine NBA plyaer, but right now he is up there as maybe the worst starter in the NBA. He nearly made me punch my baby on Monday night.
minny snowta::that is a funny comment but i only resort to kicking my dog when Wes starts shooting all those wide open 3s and missing them.  We can only hope this was a confidence builder for him and he will get better but the odds are against him.
log jamming::Wolves gonna beast the NBA very soon
dustay2121::It was nice to see Ellington get some playing time.
Blazelover13::People, as of this moment...the Minnesota Timberwolves are in the playoffs! And...they COULD beat the Thunder! Yes, there's still a lot of games remaining, but...isn't this exciting? How can you not root for Minnesota? This is great! Keep pushing, Timberwolves! You can make it!
dcoody::wolves cant beat okc in 7 game series. smoke some more crack
mnsportswopwopwtfespn::and you know this how?
DetroitSportsFan90::i would LOVE to see wolves play thunder! because we got something they dont got ... depth!
goalie1113::i cant see them beating OKC in a 7 game series lol. they could steal a game, MAYBE 2....   and dont take me the wrong way - minny is a very fun team to watch. a fairly unique story in today's NBA composed of superteams...
purplehairs::They shouldnt beat them earlier this season and there is NO reason they cant beat OKC in a 7 gane series if Pek is healthy. Perfect matchup for a series in my opinion. I hope they dont trade Ridnour for Crawford. That woudl be terrible.
Leap_JRH::Portland fans... I'm sorry but the way your club played the last 90 seconds or so tonight was really douchy to me. Really rubbed me the wrong way.
goalie1113::blazers REALLY need a PG. could really use a cheap glue guy like andre miller....
goalie1113::and the wolves have been very impressive. k-love is an ANIMAL.  glad to see his contributions going towards some winning this season...
NBA_refs_are_weak::well at least felton played well. thats always a pleasent surprise
Bismack Ibaka::WHY LOVE IS THE BEST PF IN THE GAME  http://t.co/rYFcyzeF Kevin Love vs. Blake Griffin - Every possession of both players dissected and analyzed from their most recent game.
Centennial2009::Great win by the Wolves tonight. The target center was a decent atmosphere. Mondays atmosphere was sick though.
Centennial2009::went to, I graduated in 2010. Now im at Bemidji state university.
Centennial2009::I hope A malinowski works out for the twins and becomes better than mauer. that would be cool
Centennial2009::good call. haha. Im a sophmore there at bemidji state. I like it, but the party scene is quite weak sometimes.
Mnsportsfanatic50::Negative didnt know him
BunnyTheLifeguard::I know some people there. I hear it's a nice school. I'm not giving out names however, there may be creepers watching
Centennial2009::yeah kinda stinks the weather is still a bit chilly.
Leap_JRH::same here... spring break already
Centennial2009::How did ya know I was on spring break? lol
BunnyTheLifeguard::I hope your enjoying your spring break, sucks it is so early
Mnsportsfanatic50::Yeah graduated from there in 06 work at the welding shop in centerville.
Centennial2009::haha, I like when an owner like snyder is willing to spend money, but there does come a point in time when drafting young talent needs to happen.
Centennial2009::im pretty sure. that dude was a dick. I hated most of the teachers there.
Mnsportsfanatic50::Mr bruening still there? i hated that man @ centennial
Centennial2009::were you at the game tonight?
Mnsportsfanatic50::centennial you goto the school?
Centennial2009::at least baseball season is around the corner and the buzz of manning and rg3 has to keep that sports town moving.
ibnfrey::"I'm Minnesota everything, except I heart the Packers."   That's like saying you only eat health food, except you heart the paint chips.
Centennial2009::do the wiz have a college night for tickets?
Leap_JRH::Yeah man, I'm guessing 75-77 wins.
Centennial2009::better than the twins thats for sure. long summer for us.
Leap_JRH::I'm Minnesota everything, except I heart the Packers. I just live in DC, like everyone else, cuz of work or school.
Mnsportsfanatic50::If your from DC you got a bright young team  in baseball.
Leap_JRH::Skins fans make no sense to me. They talk all the time about, "we need to build through the draft. We need to get young and stop signing all these free agents."... guess what the hot button topic is now?... yeah.
Centennial2009::I like what the wiz have. They just need a few vets to get the young players moving.
Leap_JRH::And with the Crapitals sucking, there's nothing in town worth seeing. G'Town I guess. G-Mason is probably a bubble team looking in.
Centennial2009::yeah, I am sure thats why the game went so quickly. But as a college student I love the student night. Brings out the ladies.
Leap_JRH::I wish I at least lived in a western conference city. I live in DC. Nobody goes to see the Wiz.
Leap_JRH::Would have been a lot more crazed tonight if Portland bothered to show up.
hillbilly344::Wolves in 8th seed now.......  Long time coming folks, long time coming......  YEEEEEEEEEHAWWWWWWW!!
4thstringcoach::someone said if Kevin Love beats on Kobe hes the best player in the NBA. Righhhhht. Lol.  Lebron, Minnesota you're getting too big for your britches. You don't even know how to handle winning!  PS. R.I.P. Rip City :(
kevin_love_42::i hope lebron payed for your facial!
BunnyTheLifeguard::Are you crazy? Kobe is the best player since Jordan. It's not only my opinion, it's the opinion of most current and former NBA players. The person saying Love is the best in the league is obviously trolling. That being said Love does deserve the most improved player award again. He has some serious potential and if he keeps improving at this rate he will be one of the bests in the league.
Mnsportsfanatic50::ignorance
BunnyTheLifeguard::That's such a silly article, just because Kobe has played with great teammates he is not a great. Magic, Jordan and Bird all played with great teammates, but along with Kobe they all share one thing. They're winners. They shine when it counts. Journalist always think the past is way better than the current.
XxLeprechaunxX::i dont get why people hate on lebron so much, he's clearly an amazing talent.  Also Bryant is one of the best players to ever play the game i think that is undeniable
4thstringcoach::http://msn.foxsports.com/nba/story/LeBron-James-haters-make-Kobe-Bryant-Los-Angeles-Lakers-a-false-living-legend-030412
chavezscott04@gmail.com::Lebron IS the best player in the NBA....But he has no heart. If baldy had a heart with that talent he would be close to MJ status. $@%!$@%! to the media about how hes damned if he does damned if he dont, come on. I teach 11 yr old kids not to complain just handle it
Mnsportsfanatic50::Shoulda taught mo or $@%!$ gibson to shoot better i guess. wolves would be atleast 25-15 if our co would hit open shots like they did tonight
4thstringcoach::irony is when you complain about complaining, and teach little kids to not complain. you should teach them irony next, its ripe for the occasion.
4thstringcoach::no heart? He took a team that is worse than the wolves minus love to the finals. no heart haha. hes a great kid. denying that is denying rationality.
mnsportswopwopwtfespn::How many rings does Lebron have again?
Mnsportsfanatic50::Ignorant remember he played in the WEAK east
XxLeprechaunxX::wow ^^
4thstringcoach::well you just lost an account
Centennial2009::your right Love is not a dumb N I G G ER
XxLeprechaunxX::I dont think anyone would argue that Love is near Lebron talent, but i do think the wolves will make the playoffs this year
4thstringcoach::still doesn't mean anything. when the Twolves miss the playoffs after this cute run, and Lebron takes a team called the gimped Cavs to the finals in his 3rd year, remember that Love is not Lebron. And never will come close.
mnsportswopwopwtfespn::playoffs mean nothing if you don't win.  Kevin Love is beasting right now though and the team around him is much improved, our coaching staff is top notch so yeah we will see how he does in the playoffs this year.  Going from 17 wins to the playoffs in one season with new coaching staff new roster and a lockout.  Pretty impressive
4thstringcoach::how many playoff games has Love played again? shush, you're barking up the wrong tree. when fools fall in love..
4thstringcoach::And ya, Kevin Love will not perform well against a team that actually has bigs. Hes a great player, but don't even breathe his name in the same sentence as lebron. Don't even think about him. Check that, don't even think about blue, green, black, wolves, minnesota, or twins when you think about Lebron. Let alone Durant, Deron, CP3, Dirk. I'll give you hes better than Kobe, but thats about it.
KyBuChecker::No it only works our way since we said it first, sorry
Mnsportsfanatic50::Wow that is a horrible statment you just suck... exclude me being a minnesota fan but atleast love can make a last second shot.
chavezscott04@gmail.com::You forgot 2-0 against spurs
4thstringcoach::minnesota. the fans are getting ornery and no one understands. be happy, but outlandish claims. sheeeesh.
XxLeprechaunxX::i dont often think about lebron and MLB lol
XxLeprechaunxX::but the twins? what do they have to do with anything?
4thstringcoach::@dustay so when I rally off the list of guys hes lost to, does that make their star better?
4thstringcoach::minnesota colors.
dustay2121::1-0 vs Deron 3-0 vs CP2 2-1 vs Dirk
XxLeprechaunxX::i dont fully understand your comment, but agree that lebron is the best player in the NBA, Love is top 10 though
mnsportswopwopwtfespn::I love how angry and funny we look when dunking tonight
Jg2.o::You could pile them on the middle of the top of your head and give MWebb some props.
Jg2.o::How long before the Marketing Department starts handing out beards?  Beard Night.  The 3 Amigos - trifecta of international brotherhood.
Dinomeyt::I'd get one of each of the following: Pek, Rubio, Love
chavezscott04@gmail.com::Barkley once said a persons dunk face is the same as their sex face....YIKES
Dinomeyt::Wes is always calm when he dunks. Pek is variable faces
Dinomeyt::Love always looks ready to attack a village
Malcyon1::Another bricktastic night by Minnesota's already crowned ROTY, Bricky Rubiho.
arudeen432::doesn't matter if he can't shoot if we're getting W's. sure it'd be nice to see a little improvement on his shooting percentage, but a W is a W
doggbrown1::the point is he cant shoot
eototal::hes not a scoring pg, never has been
chavezscott04@gmail.com::YOUR point? NBA fans wanna see their teams win....you caqn have individual awards.
XxLeprechaunxX::Rubio shot relatively well today, 3-8 is acceptable considering how bad he is at shooting i can live with that
chavezscott04@gmail.com::We won...how did your squad do?
Malcyon1::Your point?
bruins1109::mmmm da jailblAzAZ
