Hmrstrm::Larry Bird has built a nice team. The Pacers look solid 8 deep. In a season like this depth will mean a lot. Fresh legs will also be good come playoff time. This team just needs to jell a little more and they could become a force...
wasted_101::STAY SCHEMIN RICK ROSS DRAKE FRENCH FIREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
wasted_101::WHITE FLAG WHITE FLAG
wasted_101::BLAHHHHHHHH
wasted_101::WWAVES TERRIBLE FLAG
Jawa_x::Jalen Rose said this on ESPN, "...Collison drives through Broad Ripple and gets an easy 2."   I bet Rose still has a little love for the Pacers.
RDHCards1996::Pacers &gt; every other NBA team
jasondmce1978::I love that David West chose the Pacers over the Celtics so he could be an All-Star and is averaging 10 and 7  lol !!!
Hoosierhawk18::Didn't the Pacers just win by double digits in Boston? He chose the Pacers because they don't suck.
Taco with a Q::*all star*
Taco with a Q::West actually would have a better chance being an all start with the Celtics actually....with that old squad he would prob put up a little more numbers as oppose to the pacers young talented squad
bballjogguy31::dude.  wow.  Go Pacers!
iownamicrowave::ummm, don't think thats why he chose them.  He chose them because they are better.  Great foresight.
sharar09::2009 Tarheels took over the nba tonight
Raviohli::And why don't we play Biyombo more? Obviously whatever we're doing now isn't working.  And I can tell you they're not making any adjustments to cover for that.  Why not get creative?! Whoever imagined Diaw could be used as a center was doing smokin something.
jahmarcusRuss2::4-12.......................come on man.
frickinegg::Glad to see Hibbert is still improving.
mwlevine::First off nice win Pacers in a trap game on the back to back. We used to lose this game.  I know many are going sour on Granger for his shooting % and PPG but this is by far the most balanced Pacers team he has ever been a part of. We have 6 guys averaging double figures. It is only logical that his scoring would go down a little although it would be nice to see him get his % up a little. This is being greatly exagerated. Danny is still our top player and is doing a lot of great things to be a more complete player.  Funny thing with this game, lost in many of the categories but shot 50% from the field. Much improved. That was the difference. Keep it up Pacers....
mwlevine::Right now without looking at the stats, it seems like the successful teams are really relying on the post play and those higher % shots. That includes Miami with Lebron clearly trying to establish a post up game finally. Really pleased with Hill and West. Hill has come on and West will. Also Roy and Collison really playing well right now. I'm happy...
kielykontz::The guy that amazes me is Hill.  I knew he was a great guy for the community, but his play is phenomenal.  He is much better than most teams' second stringers.  I don't think he is quite good enough to be a starter, but we sure don't lose much when he comes in.  He also has a GREAT attitude on the floor.  Hibbert is looking eerily similar to another great Georgetown Center (That used to give the Pacers fits), and will only get better, once he gets a better mid-range jumper.  Maybe David West could teach him how (That guy is AUTOMATIC from between 14 and 18 feet!!!)
kielykontz::Oh, but give him time.  I used to like to watch the Hornets, too, because I liked to watch Paul.  West seemed to be freaking awesome from mid-range.  Like you said, give him time.  That being said, I wonder if the FG% across the board in the entire NBA is down due to the lockout?
carmelboiler::Nothing is automatic with West right now...still rusty.  He has missed TONS of at the rim shots so far this year.
BoomGoesTheDynamite31::Nice win Pacers!
carmelboiler::Are there no charlotte fans here/world?
Hmrstrm::Wow...Boiler basketball fans disappointed with their team. I would think, after all these years you would be use to it...
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::wow great observation
carmelboiler::Your ability to put 2 and 2 together amazes me! *bows down*
carmelboiler::I think that also but who knows.  Painter couldn't even get Harris whose parents are both Purdue grads, seriously?  He hasn't been able to get any mr. basketball players or highly ranked players.  he uses the excuse that he gets guys that fit his system. BS!!  Gene had a system too until he got Robinson.  He told Robinson he could shoot whatever, whenever.  Painter just can't close the deal, that simple.
kielykontz::Agreed...They say next year's class will be decent, but who knows...Anything can happen.  I guess I have been spoiled over the past 3 years by the big 4.  Oh, if Robbie would not have blown his knee out, what could have been...
carmelboiler::I don't think they have much talent.  ZERO legit centers.  They play like they are trying to go through steps instead of letting their offense flow.  Honestly,  I think Painter hasn't recruited worth crap since the big 4.  I would be more angry at that compared to how this season is going.  I was scared to begin the year.
kielykontz::I am a boiler fan, as well (IUPUI grad, with Purdue on my B.S. Degree), and am amazed that more people aren't calling for Painter's head this season.   Much too talented to have the record they have.  They keep it up, and it might be a trip to the NIT for them, since they don't have any real quality wins.
kielykontz::Looking at your login name, I would assume you are from Carmel, and a Purdue fan.  Is that correct?
redbloof1234::Everyone's hating on granger but he has the highest +/- on the team right now... He's so solid in every category except field goal percentage right now
kielykontz::He has been neutralizing guys he is going against all season.    Fantastic defense by him.  I don't mind the bad shooting as long as we aren't losing by 2 or 3 all the time.
DaPhillies::very nice
Johnnyyayo21::4-12FG  thats better than Grangers season average i guess.
kielykontz::Funny, he seems to have a higher % on threes than twos.  What is wrong with that picture?
iownamicrowave::Paul George wasn't playing because George Hill was playing great.
bballjogguy31::yeh, but he had a gorgeous alley-oop and 8 points off the bench.
kielykontz::George Hill makes me so proud to say I graduated from IUPUI (Albeit well before him, back when we were the Metros, and not the Jaguars!)
figet25::Why the hell has Paul George only played 16 minutes?!
figet25::Ah thank you!
carmelboiler::plus/minus takes certain stats and applies a possitive/negative number to them.  If your total is positive, its good....negative, bad.
kielykontz::The Pacers have outscored the Bobcats by 15 with AJ in, and only by 1 with George in tonight.
DanvilleSports6::yeah because paul george hasnt even played in the second half
kielykontz::Yes, and that is a product of play of the players on the court.  AJ being a large part of it, ending up with a +17
DanvilleSports6::it just means the team has scored more points while he is in
kielykontz::No, but as I said, it is a better matchup for the Pacers in this particular scenario.
DanvilleSports6::just because aj has a plus 15 doesnt mean he is playing better
kielykontz::But he has still played 9 more minutes than AJ!
kielykontz::Look at the box scores    http://scores.espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=320107011&amp;refresh=30
figet25::+15 AND +1 What? What are you plusing about?
redbloof1234::Granger makes plays^
kielykontz::It is all about matchups.  AJ is +15 right now and George was only +1 while on the floor.  Pretty simple math.
DanvilleSports6::i know granger is shooting terrible and hes still playing
DanvilleSports6::why isnt paul george playing
DaPhillies::getting better
Johnnyyayo21::Granger used to bge such a great scorer.
NGplayinskillz::I believe he still is a great scorer, he is just struggling this season, but that is ok with me because we have a good record right now.
carmelboiler::its all good
DaPhillies::oh sorry...im dumb
DaPhillies::when they had oneal, steven jackson, and artest, that teams should have won a title
kielykontz::A title in what? Most Felonies?
carmelboiler::I was kidding
redbloof1234::He improved everything else this year. 4th in steals. He just doesn't need to score as much because there is more talent surrounding him
DaPhillies::three years ago..?  No it wasnt.   5 years ago...yes
carmelboiler::It was better back then.................
kielykontz::More guys to pass the ball around to.  I mean look at the talent level 3 years ago, versus now.  HUGE difference.
carmelboiler::He used to shoot more...He also hasn't been shooting well at all so far.
carmelboiler::Diaw is so fat now-a-days
carmelboiler::agreed.  I saw him for the first time a couple games ago and I couldn't believe my eyes.  I hadn't seem him since the suns...
uxgbg::total waste of space
MasterWangkee::DJ Augustin is underrated.  He's turning out to be a really solid point guard.
redbloof1234::raymond felton was better
MasterWangkee::If the Bobcats want to draft Drummond, these are the types of games we have to lose where the opponent is clearly better than us but not championship caliber.  It's not good to upset better teams when you want to draft high.  Here's to tanking for Drummond.
DanvilleSports6::dude this is the eighth game of the season
uxgbg::Diaw is useless. 1 point, 1 rebound, 4 fouls
redbloof1234::and hes fat as hell
iownamicrowave::Hope Big Roy's gonna be alright!
kielykontz::Yuck! With Foster not quite up to health (And getting into foul trouble ALWAYS!) and Amundson a little banged up, that is tough.  I know Psycho T (Hansbrough for those of you not from Indy) can fill in at the 5 in spot situations, but he is way undersized to play considerable minutes there.
kielykontz::I am not watching, what happened?
ASwanson12345::ankle sprain
kielykontz::As a life long Pacer Fan, and season ticket holder for years (My wife took my kids tonight, so I can hang out at home to watch football), I have to say this is by far the most excited I have been for a Pacer's season since Reggie's last year.  It feels different this year.  I remember when Detlef Schrempf came to play here, and that was the start of 8 years of great teams.  I feel like David West coming here will help bring quality players here in the next few years. I know many of you wonder about Granger, but it is early.  I also wonder if he knows we have another scorer in West, so he is working harder to be a better defender.  His defense is the best of his career.  I wish we had signed Nene, but those things happen.  Maybe we can pick up a nice Shooting Guard in the off-season (I am still not convinced George is the guy.)  Our bench is about as good as anyone's, we just need two more pieces as starters.  I am really proud to be a Pacer fan right now, after being in the shadow of the Malice at the Palace for 10 years.
kdogownsu::He held his own against rose in playoffs
kielykontz::Not last year.  Our seats are up in the Area 55 section, and my wife and I could watch him chasing other shooting guards like he was totally lost.  If you watch Dahntay, he seems to react quicker.
DaPhillies::Lol.
redbloof1234::That scares me that you say that Kiely because Paul George is known for his defense... It's only been this year that he developed a great 3 point shot
kielykontz::He shows signs of brilliance, then is totally absent.  He needs to work on his defense.  I just think he is a liability on defense.  Danhtay plays great defense, but he cannot get open like George.  If only we could blend the two together!
DaPhillies::Paul george is a star in the making.  He's the one for the 2- spot on this team.   And he'll only get better.  Future looks bright.
Allen4875::bobacts signature is to loose the 3rd quarter after a great first half.   EVERY SINGLE GAME.
kielykontz::That would be a sign of coaching not making good adjustments in the locker room.  I think one thing the Pacers really, really have going for them is having an associate head coach in Brian Shaw.  I think Shaw could probably be a head coach soon.  Quite a hiring to get him from the Lakers!
DanvilleSports6::Did granger even take a shot at all in the offseason?
NGplayinskillz::I was wondering the same thing.
DaPhillies::Why does granger suck??
redbloof1234::Sure grangers scoring is off this season but you have to notice his defense, rebounding, and assists have improved.. He's 4th in the league in steals!!! never saw that coming
Allen4875::Typical cats.
austrislaksa::Augustin vs Collison. My two faourite players in both teams.
austrislaksa::C'mon Pacers. Beat Bobcats by double digits.
Djvelocity310::2h cha +8.5 over 95
Allen4875::cats playing ok but I fear they will get up to their 4th quarter antics if they dont man up and own the 3rd.
Johnnyyayo21::whats up with GRANGER ??  he is having a horrible season so far
redbloof1234::But you have to notice his defense, rebounding, and assists have improved.. He's 4th in the league in steals!!! never saw that coming
mswans15::he needs to let hansbrough take over this team
Johnnyyayo21::hes shotting 30% on the season.  granger hasnt looked the same last couple of seasons.
redbloof1234::Bad shot selection.. I think he's trying to score to much when he doesn't have to. He wants his points lol
Johnnyyayo21::Steve Nash to Indy
Johnnyyayo21::pacers just need a star/leader and they will contend
Johnnyyayo21::im a HUGE pacers fan.  Pacers are doing great and i think they will get that Star Player they need.  they have alot of cap room and flexibility im told
redbloof1234::I guess having the 3rd best record in the league isn't all that... Pacers always turn it up in 2nd half... You'll see the true Pacers
Johnnyyayo21::Pacers are  good team but one more star player and they can be a Great team.
redbloof1234::Granger/West??? They obviously are contending
cgregerson3::Tyler hansburough is so weak
Taco with a Q::well he sure tore up the Bobcats tonight....soooo yeah
cgregerson3::Hahaha ok he's such a baby go look at his UNC highlights, he falls over every time he gets touched
redbloof1234::LOL!! Dude he's known to be strong as hell
NCman72::i wish he was still with my tarheels
Allen4875::Every single game, the cats cant seem to sustain.
CABearsFan51::Damn Psycho T jacks up a bunch of shots.
redbloof1234::ehh not usually. Only when he's feeling it
redbloof1234::Byron Mullins looks ugly as hell
redbloof1234::The Pacers attendence looks sooo much better than previous years
DaPhillies::I love fort wayne.  Good, cheap food.
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::yeah with the growth pricing has gone up as well, tough to afford it as a student, maybe later in the season if things really start heating up
redbloof1234::I live in fort wayne :( Otherwise I would be helping the attendance
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::oh yeah i know i know, haha, i live here in indy, its really good to have people there again
redbloof1234::They were last in attendance.. But yeah it started picking up late last year
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::yeah it started to pick up last year, at least that was my perseption of it, don't know the actual numbers.
hoodwinkur::OMG Boris Diaw looks like a blimp. He is the fattest player I have ever seen in the NBA.
nblucas97::I think that title belongs to Oliver Miller.
jairjurjens11001::obviously never saw eddy curry play
Gina_Thomas292959::Charlotte Bobcats vs. Indiana Pacers   a site that claims to know something:   http://bit.ly/yz0gys
redbloof1234::Pacers win 302-21  Granger will go 20/25 from the 3 point line and hibbert will have 23 dunks
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::he didn't say they were the only ones scoring, just top scorers most likely, even if its just a joke
redbloof1234::I didn't include the other players dumbazz
hoodwinkur::oh ok lets assume theyll score the remaining 196 points.  sorry my bad.
hoodwinkur::sorry but thats only 106 points for the pacers..far less than 302
NBAfanofNC::link to the game?
BoomGoesTheDynamite31::go to firstrowsports.tv.com.......they have all the games there
