PhatmanXL::The Kings will not lose another home game this season: you heard it here first.
rush717::I Thomas hasn't missed a free throw since last month....jan 30   since then he is 29-29
luckywin7::damn mofo Lin dunk!!!!!!!!!!! Happy new year Asian community!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Aweiy::wow i watched half of this game and in the first half Lin was 4-7 and had 10 points O_O He took one shot in the 2nd half.... anyone know why ?
dasun47::He held him to 7 points after three quarters. There were other Kings players he fouled other than Thomas, often to help other teammates with their defensive lapses. After committing his 5th personals, he sat down. It was during this time that Kings caught up and passed the Rockets. So, defensively he did well, while teammates didn't fare to well in the paint as well as putting pressure on shots outside the arc.
bbears88::He couldn't guard Isaiah Thomas, in fact, nobody could in the 4th quarter. Then again, I thought the refs were calling too many fouls for Sac in the 4th.
-Dark Assasin-::Foul Trouble.
cutnshoot1985::David Stern, why do you still hate the Houston Rockets? 1994 vs Knicks was such a long time ago, get over it you knicks/celtics lover! Let them play, instead of allowing the $@%!$@% refs allow them to get hacked under the hoop with no call (been this way for years) and getting our players into foul trouble when there IS NO FOULS to be called!!! You sir, are a loser! You allow Lebron, Bosh, Allen to simply walk to miami. But veto the Gasol to houston or CP3 to lakers. Doesn't add up.
rush717::Wrong fleas, anyone who has followed the NBA and David Stern knows quite well that this BS has been "laced" through the league shamelessly.........
rush717::From fixed lotteries, to paid off ref's..................the NBA is nothing better than the sport of: "Wrassleing" on a Saturday Night........
dog_has_fleas::Seems like you are just whining. So when he is out as commish then what will the excuse be?
dr_beta@hotmail.com::We will finally be able to win more games...$@%!$@%!
cutnshoot1985::no defense. What is up with houston, 9th seed for the past 3 years??? no defense, and refs are not on their side in most games. The poison pill contracts/large Harden contract wont help, and neither does David Stern's block on trades will help either! I think if you look up the definition of purgatory, you will see an image of the houston rockets on it. Not horrible enough to get a decent draft pick, and not good enough to make top 4 in the west, let alone the playoffs. But hey, the historic, 16 NBA title Lakers are not far behind us. Look for struggling Lakers to take their 8th seed in the end this season, and make it to the NBA finals. They have the pieces to win a championship, even though they are ancient. The 90-99 Rocket teams had clutch players around hakeem and clyde (maxwell, elie, horry, cassell, eddie johnson to name a few). The Tmac/Yao era had little support, and when Artest came along Tmac was already going downhill. Now look at them, even though they're young they are weak mentally and have no defensive skills. They need a defensive leader
YaImFromCleveland::Both Lin and Harden had a good game, how the hell did Rockets lose
CandySparker::Another Isaiah
BXwarriorBX::what pg isnt better than lin? haha
dasun47::All except top tier
TC777JL168::The ref's determined the game again.  Lots of non calls even when Houston players got bashed while whistles when Houston dared to look at SAC players.  And Lin totally shut down Thomas.  Lin also got bs calls and had to sit out most of the 4th and got another fantom call and fouled out. That's the only reason SAC and Thomas were able to come back in the 4th.
Abraham Lincoln - duck hunter::Isaiah Thomas &gt; Jeremy Lin
dasun47::in your dreams.
JLinNASA::Sac had a night where they were knocking down a lot of shots.  Rox D wasn't there.
People Gettin Mad The Red Wings Aint Goin Away::Xui Li is a lil bi.tch
Dezagcoooog::@NDFrocket  Dezagcoog, Dezagcooog, ASUBBALLFAN21, ASUBBALLLFAN21 = same person  come on sherlock you shouldve figured this out by now
Dezagcoog::LOL since you alienated EVERYONE by now(and I don't understand why a troll would want everyone to leave) you are actually trolling me directly. ok, well have a good night, sleep well, and get a life asap.
Dezagcoooog::LOL since you alienated EVERYONE by now(and I don't understand why a troll would want everyone to leave) you are actually trolling me directly. ok, well have a good night, sleep well, and get a life asap.
Dezagcoog::OH look, this guy has to be triple o.
Dezagcoooog::OH look, this guy has to be triple o.
incognitowolfeeeeeeeee::http://www.draftday.com/go/hugo613/22
incognitowolfeeeeeeeee::anyone wanna play h2h for 5 bucks for free in NHL OR NBA?
incognitowolfeeeeeeeee::anyone wanna play h2h basketball for 5 bucks ITS FREE TO JOIN!
incognitowolfeeeeeeeee::who wants to go h2h in bball tomorrow IN FANTASY? 5 BUCKS FOR FREE!   http://www.draftday.com/go/hugo613/22
Dezagcoooog::I think that I gonna come out of the closet to my parents
Dezagcoog::I'd say the same thing, but obviously anything said under this pseudonym is a farce.
Dezagcoog::NDFRockets18 - At least that's what I was about to do. Then 3 o got banned.  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA love it! It's a bit annoying cause I then come and have to deal with people claiming i said so and so.
NDFRockets18::At least that's what I was about to do. Then 3 o got banned.
Dezagcoog::LOLOL we're getting into inception ish here!
NDFRockets18::This might be a troll account to troll the 3 o guy. Either way it's entertaining
NDFRockets18::Very brave of you. I hope they're understanding
Dezagcoooog::thanks :)  i hope so too
Dezagcoooog::I like co..ck meat sandwich
Dezagcoog::Oh, NM he just took a break to go eat one of those sandwiches. LOLOL
Dezagcoog::LOL this guy is an interminable fountain of loserness. He actually gets banned then comes right back!! He LITERALLY has no life.
Dezagcoooog::please dont flag me i'm only 14 thanks
NDFRockets18::nah he got banned so he created a new account with 4 o in the name
incognitowolfeeeeeeeee::who wants to go h2h in bball tomorrow IN FANTASY? 5 BUCKS FOR FREE!
WatergateSwag III::nobody
Dezagcoog::LOL the Dezagcooog and ASUBBALLLFAN21 loser left.
incognitowolfeeeeeeeee::anyone wanna play h2h fantasy bball tomorrow? Winner gets 5 bucks , ITS Free to join if u use my link  http://www.draftday.com/go/hugo613/22  free to play, h2h nba or nhl for 5 bucks to the winner!
James Harden 3 point Celebration::hey
JLinNASA::Hey.....?
ASUBBALLFAN21::Seriously though by the end of hardens career he will be better than clyde.
dasun47::Clyde - all around game to which Harden will never acquire. If you don't have it now you never will.
rush717:::) Clyde the Glide...............
tangledblue3::Better than Drexler? You better wake up and apologize to one of the 50 greatest of all time. You clearly don't recall how brilliant Drexler was. Harden's a great offensive player, but so was Clyde. But he was much more. Harden does a respectable job with the assists and boards, but not like Drexler. Get back to me when he avg. 8 assists or 7.9 rebounds.
Dezagcoog::Maybe, but he isn't yet.
ASUBBALLFAN21::Houston fans you guys have a nice young team and you fill half your seats lol embarrising. When the nba allstar game rolls into town there are cobb webbs in the 2nd level seats.
tangledblue3::'cobwebs', not 'cobb webbs'.
Dezagcoog::LOL just cause you're pis.sed (they bleeped that) that you got our team from last year and you're doing even worse isn't our fault. How did that Brooks trade work out for y'all?
NDFRockets18::False
ASUBBALLLFAN21::is anybody else watching cinemax right now?  the soft porn flick's music is  a trip  "power to puss, pusssssy...i want my money now!"
Dezagcoog::stop liking your own posts with both your computers. Seriously get a life dude.
ASUBBALLFAN21::lmao harden will be better than Clyde is this a joke?
JLinNASA::It is debatable.  Harden is just starting.
tangledblue3::It's not 'debatable' at all. You junior know-nothings make fools of yourselves with statements like that.
SanchezJetsMVP::Damn, Obama should just let Texas secede so we can just invade them and kill their people.
Dezagcoog::Leave it to the New Yorker in here to be a violent psycho. No wonder they want to ban guns...
WatergateSwag III::fbi should knock on your door any second now
WatergateSwag III::threatning to kill people isn't apart of the 1st amendment LOL
SanchezJetsMVP::Yeah that damn 1st amendment
NDFRockets18::Goodell should just let the Jets leave and go to the CFL so we don't have to see them anymore
ASUBBALLFAN21::Ok the sg list is not that impressive wade would probably be 3 all time and harden will be better than Clyde.
tangledblue3::Seriously, your $@%!$@% needs to go the hell away. You're an utter imbecile. Jordan, Havlicek, West, Drexler, Bryant, Allen, Miller, Sharman, Monroe, Toney, Kerr, Hornacek, Gervin (g/f), Iverson, McGrady, Richmond, Greer, Goodrich, Ginobli, Jones, Moncrief, and others. There's NOTHING weak about that.
Victory is an Option::Harden is not better than Clyde Drexler
ASUBBALLFAN21::lol Harden will be a top 5 sg of all time show me the list.
Victory is an Option::Harden is a poor man's T-Mac
Victory is an Option::Because all they did was score a lot of points and not much else but T-Mac was better.
NDFRockets18::Becuase the both played on the Rockets? This doesn't make sense.
Dezagcooog::Texas has Rick Perry.  LOL.
Worldwide Leader in Sports::i'll bet you $10,000 rick perry is  a lying idiot.  -- mitt
NDFRockets18::And you have a mangina. What's your point?
Dezagcoog::LOL
Dezagcoog::yup, guy actually pushing to give back excess tax money!! How great is he!
ASUBBALLFAN21::obviously hakeem but it will be harden. If he improves his defense and wins at least 1 ring the guy will obvioulsy get 10x allstar and top 5 in mvp voting multiple times.
dasun47::Nice try ASUB...now wake up.
tangledblue3::You have a huge hard-on for Harden.
Dezagcoog::go to sleep.
Dezagcooog::NYC &gt; Houston
SanchezJetsMVP::I'd be embarrassed to call Texas my home
NDFRockets18::I'd be embarrassed if I thought "to call Texas is my home" was proper grammar.
Dezagcoog::We'd be embarassed to call you a Texan!
Dezagcoog::HAHAHAH  oh just FYI that's laughing AT you, not WITH you.
Luc Longleys Chauffeur::Good news Sonics fans, we know we can beat the Rockets.
karelp::All this talk about how great Harden is, yet the team isn't much better than last year.
Dezagcoog::isnt much better? watch a game or two.
karelp::You are what your record say you are.
NDFRockets18::Because the Rockets blew up their team from last year. A bunch of young guys who are still learning to play together
karelp::Dragic was inexperienced, Scola wasn't that good, and now they have Asik in the middle.
Dezagcooog::Coney Island in da house!
Victory is an Option::Question for Lin fans: Who is the best player in Houston Rockets history? (Hint: It ain't Yao Ming)
elguapo195::Thanks for asking the question, but I don't know and I don't care.  Ask another one, let's see if it makes a difference.
Victory is an Option::Good Linnies. Very Good. I hope you didn't have to google that.
ASUBBALLLFAN21::dragic
Dezagcoog::You should ask how they feel about the Jazz. Much better test. Although some of them have learned by now.
Denzel7587::Hakeem Olajuwon!
karelp::Hakeem, and it's not close.
ASUBBALLLFAN21::One time in Bandcamp  I shove a flute up my as...s
Victory is an Option::I had American Pie  on VHS until my mother threw it away. Good Times.
Dezagcoog::MAN!! you're also Sanchez aren't you!! wow....
Dezagcoog::SanchezJetsMVP - Yeah, you really are a dumbasss. I guess everyones the same person since they dont agree with you. Great logic uneducated cunnnt  LOL angry much?
SanchezJetsMVP::Yeah, you really are a dumbasss. I guess everyones the same person since they dont agree with you. Great logic uneducated cunnnt
Dezagcoog::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA you're finally replying to your own posts!!!!! and like literally RIGHT AWAY. no time to even read it and you pre wrote that!!
SanchezJetsMVP::Thats Houston for you lol
NDFRockets18::I thought you were going downtown? Got tired of the rats and hobos that quick?
Dezagcooog::LOL
no1streaker::any team can win a game when the refs have it all fixed up with their bookies.  This game looked fixed.
tangledblue3::And any halfwit like you can unfortunately post on the internet, as long as you have service and a computer at home, or access to a library. Yet another total loser who blames the refs and believes in conspiracy theories. I bet you live in you mom's basement.
Dezagcoog::I agree but still no excuse. We should have won.
SanchezJetsMVP::Spoken like a true Houston fan......Pathetic
Denzel7587::Go Rockets! More team basketball pls in succeeding games.
NDFRockets18::high number of assists usually means team basketball
ASUBBALLFAN21::seriously though Tyreke evans sucks. Idk maybe if he was on a good team he has nice handles he is going through the same thing that dragic is.
ASUBBALLLFAN21::I'm only 12 stop picking on me!
tangledblue3::Obviously
NDFRockets18::Yawn
Dezagcooog::Not only are the residents of Houston a bunch of cow-tipping hillbillies, they're also morbidly obese.  But then again, it's hard to exercise with all the Houston smog.
Dezagcoog::I've heard cow tipping is actually a lot of fun. You should get a life and some friends and go do it with them someday. You might be less of a bitter loser.
NDFRockets18::Yawn
incognitowolfeeeeeeeee::who wants to go h2h with me for basketball tomorrow?
ASUBBALLFAN21::lol im not the same guy is Dezagcoog. That does not make sense why would I have that name?
NDFRockets18::He is talking about the one with 3 Ls
Dezagcoog::Exactly. Hes doing the same thing with my screen name. he added an extra o
Denzel7587::Team basketball is awesome. Can't find it no longer in Houston.
Dezagcoog::Go root for your lakers. ya loser.
NDFRockets18::Yawn
ASUBBALLFAN21::I went to asu because im in highschool.
Denzel7587::elementary!
Dezagcoog::LOL ASUBBALLLFAN21 and Dezagcoog is the same guy. He's sitting in front of two computers with two different fake screen names. You notice how he mimicked two real screen names by adding just one extra letter. This guy really needs to get a life. I hope someone who knows him will help him with that someday.
NDFRockets18::No he has 3 computers so he wan watch meatspin as well
SanchezJetsMVP::Rockets, Bulls, Texans, Redskins, OU?   Talk about bandwagon
Dezagcoog::LOLOLOL
ASUBBALLLFAN21::I went to ASU because I got rejected from UofA  -All ASU students
