panthers_02::ha ha gotta love all the predictions and how you all failed in them. the magic are a top tier team when they play solid team defense
natesweet72::Man, that was a hard game to watch from inside the Garden. I mean it was a great crowd and all but it sucks to come back from 23 down only to lose by 3 points. Credit to the Magic for hitting a sick amount of 3's with a really high %. That is what kept the Blazers from being able to win this one. Well, that and the Blazers could not hit anything early on.  Anyway. Good game Magic fans. Good Luck with your division.
csmeech::well...it didnt help that they were on a back to back. not easy to double howard, then run outside to guard all those threes  when you had a tough game the night before.
csmeech::Its hard to maintain a 20 point lead because of a loss of intensity and letting your guard down a bit. especially when it lasts for three quarters.
natesweet72::Well, you guys were fortunate the Blazers were flat. One of the things I have noticed early on is this Blazers team has a tendency to come out soft in the second of back to backs. They need to figure out how to come out strong even when they played the night before.
Tampabayallday37::Dwight couldn't hit a freethrow to save his life. Hope he has fun being overanalyzed/criticized in the "big market".Can you say Carl Crawford?
Logicalfan1::I can't understand any NBA player missing free throws. As a former High school player I can still while blind folded. Hit 6 or 7 of 10 from the line. It's muscle memory. They get paid to do it. I just can't understand how they can be so horrible at such a simple part of the game.
natesweet72::If you ask me it has been a huge failing of the Magic to not force Howard to improve his free throw game. If Shaq can improve his then Howard should be able to,
Tampabayallday37::Beats me.I think his teamates should be angry with him.Dwight is basically saying The rest of the team isn't good enough to play with him.Take a look in the mirror D12!He's going to get what he wished for and regret it.
David53875::deron will be a magic.
Logicalfan1::Orlando just had one of those shooting days. It happens Half way through the 3rd they flashed up a stat showing 73%FG for the game and 16-26 from 3pt range. That would be just about impossible to beat. They went cold in the 4th. Only reason the score was so close and Portland almost squeaked out a win. If you look at the point totals Portland put up per quarter they weren't lacking.  Orlando just hit their shots, it happens. Good job to them. Good game guys.
Logicalfan1::On another note. Blazer fans. Now we are looking for a 63-3 finish to the season. :)
PortlandBlazers1004::We can't expect to play the 4th quarter and win. There are three other quarters. Defensively we looked lazy, offensively we looked lazy. Magic played great defense and had great ball movement. Why the hell did they have to play us when they're 3's were going in. Just our luck. But good game, and on to the next one.
natesweet72::Our Blazers have an issue with coming out flat at the beginning of game showed again last night. If they had come out with half the intensity they showed in the 4th quarter at the beginning of the game it probably would have not been so bad. The Blazers might as well have been corpses out there in the first the way they let the Magic score on them.
csmeech::Did Ryan Anderson even play in the 2nd half? Seems like Davis was in mostly
csmeech::You don't start protecting a lead until you see signs that it is diminishing.  I didn't see those signs.  When Portland made a run, Orlando answered back every time while anderson was in.  Without him, they barely answered back.
csmeech::20 points is not a safe lead in the NBA....unless you are playing the Wizards or Nets
csmeech::Another Jealous Blazer fan
hulKKNUPE::Uhhhh were you watching the game? Aldridge helped rally the come back &amp; Ryan was his main victim. Plus Davis played well on defense last night. Lastly, you never wana bank on winning/protecting a lead by using "more offense" A turnover by jameer &amp; some missed free-throws (mainly Dwight) was the cause of this near collapse.
CBass1317::Gave the future franchise player some time off.  Need to rest him for when they trade Dwight and weight of the team shifts to his shoulders.
csmeech::Basically, if it ain't broke don't fix it.  Always been SVG downfall
csmeech::Well...I would rather have seen Anderson come back in when the lead got reduced to 10.  Poor coaching.  Plus, davis's defensive effort was poor at best
hulKKNUPE::Davis was probably played more in the second half to guard LaMarcus Aldridge. That's what you do when you get a big lead; you protect it with defense. As you know Ryan Anderson is a defensive liability. Esp. guarding Aldridge.
the702shogun::that's it magic, keep it going and keep getting better. the grass isn't always greener on the other side of the fence. l.a. is an awful place dwight, phony, it smells, skinny women with no breastestesses, and the people? let's just say when the big one hits southern cal, will anyone really care?
Logicalfan1::I've been to Orlando and LA. Better air in Orlando. Same heat, bit more humid in Orlando. But if I had to pick a City. It would be Orlando.
csmeech::You should get out more often...
CBass1317::And Florida will be destroyed by hurricanes and rising sea level long before the big one.  Orlando is like the homeless man's LA.
doc_acc::What are you talking about?  The women in LA have big, fake breasts.
JamesElzi::magic almost blow 17 point 4th quarter lead=not making playoffs and finishing with a losing record
Logicalfan1::Actually That was just Portland being Portland. They are Extremely good. Magic were shooting out of their minds for most of the game. Hats of to them for that. You can defend and make a guy shoot a perimeter shot. But if he just keeps knocking it down, what ya gonna do..   If you want to measure the two teams. Note the Clippers who Portland handled with ease the day prior beat Miami down in LA last night.
csmeech::LOL....like that could happen.  keep dreaming
NastyVille_McNasties::Idiot. Either way the Magic gave Portland it's first home loss in one of the toughest arena's in the league for opposing teams. Very solid win so f*ck off a**hole.
daustin73::So much for that the Magic can't beat teams with winning records theory.  It does feel like we're just waiting for Bynum to show up though, and I'm starting to get excited about it.  I think Chris Duhon is going to look good in a Lakers jersey.  So will Arenas after the Lakers sign him per Dwight's request.  Hedo will not be a part of the Dwight trade...you heard it here first.
hulKKNUPE::Why would you want to get rid of Duhon when he's FINALLY playing well? His defense(man to man/on ball/defensive rotations) is great as usual &amp; he's not turning the ball over. His chemistry still needs a lil more time (granted he is playing the toughest position, PG) but overall he's doing a good job. He's playing the way Stan wants him to play. Come off the bench, play defense &amp; distribute the ball.
Lukin79::Hedo will not be a part of the Dwight trade...this is the only place and time we will hear this. Hedo's clock in Orlando is ticking just as loudly as Dwight's. He'll follow Superman wherever we send him.
painterjoe1::Has anyone ever seen Dwight Howard play with any fire? Anytime in his career? As good as he is, he is way too passive to ever be great. He may win a couple championships in his career, but not because he was the driving force of the team.
jmoneyisback::"It got tough for us late in the game," Howard shrugged.  Translation:  "LaMarcus should have fouled out in the 3rd with how many times he fouled me but they didn't call it."  What a joke the refs were last night.  Magic held on though.
trizzo23::the karate chops to forearms were not fouls ...stern said you can do that to  dwight ...just no one else...
pbnative::Yes, you mean like the jump ball foul and 2 loose ball fouls called against Portland in the last 1:30 of the 4th quarter? (Not saying that's why the Blazers lost, probably more to do with the insane shooting % of the Magic).  The only person complaining about the refs was Dwight Howard - on every single play.  Dude needs to play the game and stop $@%!$@%! all the time.
CandySparker::I expect a man of  LaMarcus.
Baseketball48::Trade Lebron for Dwight Howard and draft picks... hell... they'd even throw in JJ Redick I'm sure.
csmeech::double post....oops
csmeech::Howard would do more for the heat than LBJ
csmeech::I have to admit, Howard would do more for the heat than LBJ.
MagicBoltzRays::salaries wouldn't match.
spbynum1::Can't wait to get Howard in a Lakers jersey lol.
csmeech::I have to laugh at the whole laker dream.  There's no way they can get him unless the magic cave and decide to take the garbage LA is offering.  I doubt the magic want Soft Gumby Gasol and Always Broken Bynum
LakerFanInGA::So he walks at the end of the season to Dallas or LA and The Magic get nothing? They can't trade him to a team he does not want to go to cause he won't do a sign and trade. So the Magic become the 2012 version of the Cleveland Cavs?
jmoneyisback::LOL.  The Lakers have nothing to offer the Magic.
MagicBoltzRays::have fun with all the missed FT's.
spbynum1::ill take it lol. Bynum isn't much better
platachog::A few notes on the game...  Blazers played bad defense for the first quarter. 36 points???? We let you guys shoot some wide open 3's til you got hot and hit the rest. No one should shoot 60% or whatever from 3. We played some great defense the rest of the way. Didn't give the ball to Crawford when it mattered... LUKE BABBITT? Why did he come in? Cut him. He's one of the worst players in the league. I thought we gave up when we brought him in. Seriously... Disgusting decisions by Nate tonight. Good defense on Dwight Howard though by us. Good game overall. Fun to watch until the final buzzer.
esco7277::It feels good to be back where are those stupid Failblazers fans that won the championship when they beat the Lakers last week  lol!
DTangMF::I thought couple days ago, SVG said that he will add more guys into the rotation... what happen to that plan tonight?
CBass1317::IF the Blazers had played Luke Babbit more than 3 minutes, they would have DESTROYED the Magic.  Seriously ... Luke $@%!$@ Babbit!!  Learn about it ...
csmeech::Magic have more wins  and twice as many top three conference finishes than portland in past 20 years.
csmeech::LOL...ok....dreamer
CBass1317::Blazers have more winning seasons than the Magic have been in existence. They have made the playoffs more seasons than the Magic have been in existence.  They have more championships, have more conference championships, have a higher franchise winning percentage.  "Ryan Anderson ... clap, clap, clap ... Ryan Anderson ... clap, clap, clap"  Future of the franchise, baby!
csmeech::They got to the finals when....in the 70's?
csmeech::Look...it's Portland.  Don't get too excited.  You should be used to losing by now.
CBass1317::Dude ... Lorena Bobbit jokes are like so 1998.  I doubt she can shoot like Luke either.  That jumper is SWEEEEEEET!  Almost as nice as Ryan Anderson, AKA, "future of the Magic franchise" baby!
csmeech::Lorena Bobbit is a better ball handler than Luke Babbit
csmeech::She makes good cuts
csmeech::Lorena Bobbit?
csmeech::If frogs had wings they wouldn't bump there a** when they jump
tommyspinelli::VOTE PRESIDENT  RON PAUL 2012!!!!
CBass1317::LIKE your own comment about Ron Paul for president in 2012!!!!  But in all seriousness, I hope he wins.  My parents deserve to have their social security cut by 90% after paying into it for the 45+ years they worked.
CBass1317::I don't really know.  I just like talking ish on here.  I THOUGHT (but I could be wrong) that he was going to transition away from under 25 workers paying into SS, which would, in effect, crash the social security system within a few years.  My folks have hopefully another 25 years to live, but who knows.  And maybe it all goes in the tank regardless.  I like a lot of his policies, and at least he is not a party hack (yet).  Fundraising for the general election causes everybody to sell out.  I also like how you call him "the doctor" like you guys are good buddies, or you know him better than everybody else.  Classic Ron Paul honk move.
Mopmop9999::. . . proving you know NOTHING about the doctor.  If your parents were currently 30 years old, you would sound somewhat intelligent with your comment.
pdxrovermech::with this busy schedule we all need to take a night off. even i get tired just staying up so late to watch the games. i think portland expected to have troubles with DH and winning this game was just an after thought.
RayKrebbs1978::Hey where are all of the Blazers fans who were acting recently like there team was the greatest team in NBA history and could not lose at the Rose Garden?
csmeech::Killing in the D league...LOL.  That's funny.  Reality Check.
csmeech::Regardless of what happens with Howard, the magic have proven to always get back to the top of the pack.  In their short life in the NBA they have done very well and I wouldn't expect any different.  Now, Portland on the other hand....
CBass1317::If you don't like the idea of draft picks for Howard ... well, there are some other options.  The Blazers have this guy named Babbit, still on his rookie deal.  Word is he was killing in the D league.  I bet the two teams could work something out.
CBass1317::Maybe funny to you, but I am being honest.  I love the draft.  This should be a deep one.  It will most likely be fun for you to watch and see who the Magic draft with picks they will get when they trade Howard.  Hopefully they will draft some pieces that fit nicely around Ryan Anderson and J Rich.
csmeech::So funny.  Blazers rule! Yeah!  Kidding.  The Magic just got a little bored.  It was too easy.
CBass1317::Have fun with those draft picks you will get in return for Dwight.  Maybe Ryan Anderson can lead you guys to the playoffs next season (single tear)
I am Dirk Nowitzki::Dwight Howard is going to look great in a Dallas Mavericks uniform next season
Baseketball48::LMAO
csmeech::not a chance...plus...it's dallas...no one wants to live there
ceyman::I was luck enough to live in Dallas for a few years...I have also lived in Las Vegas, Los angeles, New York, St. Louis, Miami and now Atlanta...Dallas was better than any of them. I loved it there and hope to get back.  It's an amazing place!
pdxrovermech::best owner in the league, fringe benefits, yeah DH will be a mav.
LakerFanInGA::MAvs only hope is if the Magic does what Cleveland does and don't see Otis Smith doing that.
spbynum1::"Dallas has no chance of getting Dwight Howard"  -Chuck
steve0skills::Nobody looks good in those hideous things.
OregonLou::If Blazers wouldn't have been standing around for the first 5 minutes of this game the end would have been a different story.
CBass1317::But Howard never hits FTs, and the Blazers usually don't stand around.  Just saying ...
pdxrovermech::DH never hits a few free throws...  ok maybe a few.... out of 20. ryan anderson, talk about a diamond in the rough.
Kobelies247::Portland = IF IF IF IF IF !!!!
NastyVille_McNasties::And if Dwight had hit a few FTs it would have been different as well.. Goes both ways.
spbynum1::Honest question: Where do you think Dwight Howard will end up and why? I'm not asking where you WANT him to end up, but where you THINK he will end up.
csmeech::spbynum1  No Orlando has already said they will be trading him. The owner has demanded it now  Not true
csmeech::Rumor is that D Will will be in a Magic uniform
trizzo23::brooklyn new york...
pdxrovermech::Mavs. best owner in the league. he'll ride it out in Orlando unless the Mavs win a lopsided trade.
trizzo23::bynum will go to ny as free agent....even with no dwill ...you can book that...1 month in orlando he will want out
trizzo23::they could get both if dwill is gone...love wont go there....calif team or stay in minn
concannonchris::New York as in the Knicks or Nets?   The Nets would target Love over Bynum IMO.  The Knicks would not have the cap space.
spbynum1::why would NY want him when they have chandler
concannonchris::If Orlando is not trading him they should just say.  We are not trading Howard and just end all the rumors...  Not we will listen stuff when they really are not.
concannonchris::Lebron just chocked at the line.
concannonchris::Being a Magic fan since the Franchise started back in 1989-90 season I hate to see Howard leave.  However, if he wants a big Market not much Orlando can do; however, you can't just expect Orlando to trade him just to trade him.  Those teams know Howard has leverage reason they are not gonna give us a fair package.    I have a feeling the Lakers may panic and finally offer Gasol and Bynum for Turk and Howard.   Orlando would pull that deal in a heartbeat.
trizzo23::bynum is nothing...1 yr and he is gone...and he cant and never has avg a double double 7 yrs in nba...never a year not hurt...nothing
concannonchris::There would be no market for Bynum next season if the Lakers get Howard.  He would stay in Orlando longterm if dealt there IMO... Not that I really want him.
concannonchris::Clippers may win...
concannonchris::That was a nasty move by Paul.  I wish Orlando could have a true PG like him.
steve0skills::Hube Brown is just painful to listen to.
trizzo23::also saw were dwill said florida or texas look good no state tax and cost of living is half...and i heard him say it
concannonchris::LOL&gt;  I know dude.  I realized that after the fact.  So many damn post hard to keep up....     Being a Magic fan I don't care anymore.  IF he don't want to be here trade him if the deal makes ORlando better now and longterm..  However, do not take back bad contracts and if we deal Howard we need to move Hedo with him..
trizzo23::so...he cant go as free agent so if magic dont trade him there...he cant go...
spbynum1::I know I'm just trading one ridiculous reasoning with another.
concannonchris::That don't matter.  He like the rest of the NBA players have a GF in every city.  Ask Kobe...
spbynum1::So what? If we are gonna pull that stuff out of the box: Guess who's fiance lives in LA? DWIGHT HOWARD'S! lol
trizzo23::what do nets have if trade right now?...dwight is 2x player dwill is so please tell me what is so great...magic have more to offer...
concannonchris::Ryan Anderson is a borderline starter.  JJ Redick is one of the best 6th Man in the league.  Glen Davis is solid under a good contract and Jameer is average PG but better then what the Nets have if they lose Williams.  Justin Harper has a high Ceiling.  Orlando got him as a steal in the draft.  The issue is Van Gundy does not know how to use his bench...  Harper should be playing and not just riding the bench.  I believe the biggest issue why is lack of training camp...   Like I said that is a solid package for the NETS.  Should they take it?  Never; however, if Williams said Orlando or I am walking that may start to look attractive to the Nets.
steve0skills::Ryan Anderson?  JJ Redick?
concannonchris::Magic have a very good package to offer.  However, it would not make sense to the Nets.  They want star players when they move to Brooklyn.  However to say a package of Nelson, Anderson, Redick, Davis and maybe Justin Harper for Williams and whoever they want to dump is false...  That is a very fair package.
spbynum1::NJ has nothing. Magic have less than nothing.
steve0skills::Orlando has never really had trouble selling tickets, if Dwight leaves people will still come out it won't be like Cleveland.
steve0skills::I don't think Dwight is that smart and that is not what I meant.  I was replying to the post that said that Orlando won't want to rebuild (which they probably don't) because they need to fill their new arena.  I was saying that Orlando has always sold well so if Dwight leaves the fans will still support the Magic, but they will probably still hate Dwight, I already do.
concannonchris::Orlando had a hard time selling Tickets after T-Mac left.....  Do you not recall when we had Steve I will ruin your franchise Francis?   Ownership was prepared to move the Magic after that mess.....   Then they got lucky in the lottery and landed Howard who was much better then what people expected.  ( Much much earlier).  Thank God we passed on Okafur.  That was the main reason T-Mac wanted out.  He did not want to play with the HS kid.
spbynum1::I agree. There is another POSSIBLE theory here. Dwight is saying he wants to go to the Nets first (which may be true) because in the likely-hood that he is traded to the Lakers, he can turn and say "I was traded there by Orlando but I wanted NJ first." Orlando then doesn't think he's trying to follow in Shaq's footsteps AND he doesn't pull a Lebron. The man is still liked.
concannonchris::ORlando is using the Nets much like the Nuggets used the Nets.  They are only hoping a team would be willing to go above what they have to offer for Howard.  Orlando will not trade Howard unless the deal blows them away.  Lastly, Orlando has zero interest to rebuild. They just opened up a brand New Arena that they can not afford to let sit empty for many seasons to come.
trizzo23::i can show you tweet from orlando sent writter that say dwight 80% sure he can get dwill to orlando....means nothing
spbynum1::and i in turn can show you the millions of tweets denouncing that one tweet. it was never true.   EDIT: BTW it was 80% that he would stay in Orlando. Not get D-Will. Either way neither were true.
trizzo23::magic are trying to make nets panic first and trade dwill to magic...so they are not taking offers...
concannonchris::Actually.  The Magic are trying to make the Nets panic and just flat out deal D-Will for young talent and picks..   They believe if Williams leaves the Nets they have a great chance to keep Howard.   The Lakers don't have the money in FA to sign Howard and D. Will is the Mavs first choice in FA..  They can not afford both players..   Lastly, would Howard walk away from the money Orlando can offer compared to any other team?   The true reason Howard wants a big market is his Agents not D-12.  His Agents and Sponsors want him Only in NY/NJ area, LA and Howard himself likes Dallas.   ( Cuban).   The Bulls could offer Orlando probably the best package outside LA.  However, his Adidas sponsors do not want him in Chicago.  This is truth BTW sadly.
spbynum1::That won't happen. Magic have even less to offer than NJ does.
concannonchris::ORlando has zero interest to work a deal with the Nets-  The true reason is they believe the Nets will cave in and Deal Williams if they know they can not get Howard.  They of all teams can not afford Williams to walk for nothing.  IF that should happen Howard staying in Orlando only gains value.
trizzo23::thats your source....lol
spbynum1::Yeah. the Net's correspondant  for the New York Daily News. What were you expecting? Jay Z?
steve0skills::Dwiight wants his choice of team without giving up the extra dough the Magic can offer.  He should worry about making a fracking FT than where he wants to play in the FUTURE.  What a crock of poo, go team up with your buds D12 because we all have seen that you aren't the type of player that can lead a championship team.  Make a 1 FT in game 4 of 2009 Finals and you might have your ring cry baby biotch boy.
concannonchris::Trizzio-  Orlando is not high on Brooks.  Rumor has it , before Lopez went down the Nets and Magic had a deal agreed too that needed to be signed off by Magic Ownership and they refused it.  That is when they took Howard off the trading block...  You have to remember Orlando is gonna force Turk on any team that wants Howard.......  I don't see Orlando making a deal with the Nets.  Honestly, it's the opposite they are hoping they force the Nets to deal Williams..  If they see they can not get Howard then there is a high likely hood that Williams will not stay.  Orlando is hopeful they force the Nets hand and gives Howard less option in FA&gt;
trizzo23::for now....nothing will happen for 2 months...by then pick will be lottery...and bydumb will be exposed!
concannonchris::Sorry for all the repeat post-  I agree Orlando should deal Howard; however if it means bringing back bad contracts or having to keep Turn it does not make sense then for Orlando.   Howard could change his mind when he see's the money he stand to lose.  Lastly, Turk becomes a valuable trade chip next season since teams that have not used the amnesty clause can waive him if received in a deal..    It' s a soap opera and this is why I miss Basketball of the 90's.
trizzo23::not lakers...bynum getting worse and worse...if traded will be deadline deal with nets ...so this yr pick is lottery...plus lopez and brooks....
spbynum1::nope. reports out of NJ are saying that Orlando is disinterested in anything that NJ has to offer. Link in a sec  https://twitter.com/#!/NYDNInterNets/status/156860041411039233
concannonchris::The Knicks can not amnesty Turk either.  They already used that on Billups.  You can not use the amnesty in consecutive seasons.  If that was the case, Orlando could Amnesty TURK in the offseason and keep Howard and bring D-Will to Orlando.
concannonchris::They still would not.  Those are two huge contracts.  Lastly, why would the Knicks risk that move? Howard is not gonna sign and in season extension unless it's to Dallas, Lakers or Nets....  If Orlando loses Howard they are gonna want to clear cap.   The Knicks would not want to take Hedo's contract back also.  That is the selling point to trade Howard.  Whatever team wants him has to take Hedo back...
concannonchris::Lastly the Knicks rumor Amare for Howard is the funniest thing I have heard in a long time.  Orlando would never take that deal.
spbynum1::Not unless they threw in Chandler, no way.
concannonchris::My honest opinion.  He probably will not be traded at all.   Orlando is not gonna get a fair deal and they will not trade Howard unless someone is willing to take Hedo's contract ...   My guess Orlando will call Howards hand and see if he really will walk away from 30 million.
csmeech::Not true.  He never said that.
str8bumpin::I really want him to stay but I feel he will walk away from the 30 mil because he'll make over a $100 mill from Adidas for going to a big market!
spbynum1::No Orlando has already said they will be trading him. The owner has demanded it now.
concannonchris::I would have said Lakers before the season being a Magic fan; however, with the way Bynum is playing who knows now...  Bynum is younger and has a better low post game.  2.  Orlando is gonna want more back then Bynum from the Lakers...   They also would want the Lakers to take Hedo's contract in any deal for Howard.  So, unless the Lakers offer Gasol and Bynum I don't see it.
spbynum1::We are beyond this. He will be traded. This has been reported over the last several days. Whether it's the Lakers or not.
concannonchris::It's not about leverage.  They don't want to take back bad contracts for Howard.  Almost every deal outside the Lakers if they offered Gasol and Bynum wanted to send back a bad contract...  Orlando is better off letting him walk if that is the case.
spbynum1::Orlando is not keeping Howard. I don't see the leverage in Magic being able to get that. They can't let him walk for nothing.
tampasportsrule::I will respond to that with a one word answer: His fiance lives out near LA.
spbynum1::Yeah I knew that, I really am just trying to find a logical way that he could end up anywhere else and I just don't see any right now.
tampasportsrule::Lakers. End of discussion.
spbynum1::may I ask why? Just getting feedback
tampasportsrule::4 things are a given in this life folks : Death, Taxes, the Pistons OWNING the Magic, and Joey Crawford scoring at will against the Magic.
Mr_AllStarCJ::The ref, Joey Crawford. Big time scorer.
csmeech::Pistons?!  Ha. Who are they?  Oh.  Celler dwellers. Now I remember.
str8bumpin::Do you mean Jamaal Crawford?
PortlandBlazers1004::I say we go  10-3 in our next 13 games. With loses at Atlanta, Golden State, and possibly Houston.
broyhofbound::Sure... Thunder, Clippers, Lakers, Philly, Nugs... all HORRIBLE!
Kobelies247::lol this team is good at beating bad teams
NastyVille_McNasties::Take care of business tomorrow then go beat the Knicks and all of a sudden we're a spiffy 9-3.. I'll just be happy with a win tomorrow night for now though.
hyperk1d::Well I'm going to bed. Goodnight Blazers fans it's been a pleasure talking to you.
DouglassDavis::tooo tooo toooooooooooooooo close.. we were up 15
MagicBoltzRays::everyone for the magic had at least 1 assist tonight (at least for those who played). Gotta love to see that
tampasportsrule::Folks everyone needs to relax about all this Jalen Rose talk. The dude is overrated.
NOOBimmortal::ryan anderson &gt; rashard lewis
concannonchris::It's early..  Lewis and this will sound funny, played better defense....
NOOBimmortal::goddamn howard make a freethrow !!
concannonchris::He has not played with much energy the last few gams.  I swear he better not be doing this on purpose since Orlando will not give into his trade demands.  He made the comment-  " Orlando won't trade me I guess since we are winning".  1. WTF is wrong with that comment?  He wants to be traded from a team that is winning to one of the worse teams in the league.  Nets?  I get they Deron etc.  However, what is wrong with pro players anymore?  Honor the contract you signed and if the team does not want to deal you that is there right.  2.  Since he made that comment he has played with a lack of energy.  It's almost like he wants them to lose so they trade him now.
MagicBoltzRays::Clippers took the lead on the heat!!!
wayde1213::the road trip will be interesting only the spurs and hawks are legit teams. we play the raps pistons hornets and rockets all of them have losing records. the hawks game and spurs will be the true games. we should beat the spurs as it is the first game the hawks game will be tough as the hawks as of late always find a way to beat us
Beardedblazerfan::Could happen though, we lost to Phoenix. If we are to lose games, I would rather have them all be like tonight.
dutchjugs perth::be interesting to see if you will be .500 at the end of it
wayde1213::who will we lose to rap, pistons, rockets hornets? spurs and hawks are the only ones who should beat us
NastyVille_McNasties::CP3 is still the best PG in the game.. I don't give a damn what anyone says.
pdxrovermech::cp3 needs to put down the cheeseburgers.
hyperk1d::Actually I agree and still think CP3 is. He just went to the most obnoxious city of sports fans in the United States. Well tied for obnoxious with NY.
concannonchris::I like Deron Williams when he has a go to player to dish too.
NastyVille_McNasties::Rose isn't a PG..CP3 is the best.
wayde1213::you mean 3rd best right
PortlandBlazers1004::Rose*
wayde1213::i would take rose, nash, dwade, dwill over cp3
dutchjugs perth::felton..
jordan6747::Sorry $@% Portland. Haha
tampasportsrule::Jameer tried to give this one away folks. Oh well he tried.
fatleg28::Because POR fans dont have trolls I will be rooting for them to win the west. Plus everyone uses the thunder and abuses westbrook and durant on 2k12
pdxrovermech::video games &gt;_&gt;
hyperk1d::They have a few trolls. We shouted them down pretty quickly. And Lebron is the most over used player on NBA 2K12! I lost a game to a guy only using him even though he was always double teamed cause of how broken he is.
brandonlee561heat::Nice win ORL
wayde1213::here is hoping the blazers have a good road trip going 5-1 on it would be ideal
MagicBoltzRays::Ellis will abuse whoever is guarding him tomorrow night.
steve0skills::So should Dwight
NastyVille_McNasties::Dwight should dominate the Warriors.
dutchjugs perth::A few blazers fans carrying on yesterday about how blake griffin is overrated... LMFAO.. wait and see how you go on your road trip.. you will be lucky to be .500 at the end of it
dutchjugs perth::still you will struggle to go.500 on the road!!
wayde1213::ok we will see i doubt we lose to the likes of detroit raps or houston
wayde1213::we play 1 decent team game 1 in the spurs the rest are garbage as we play multiple east coast teams, and we all know the east has 3-4 legit teams
PortlandBlazers1004::Are you a Clipper 'fan'
USoccer22::Hopes this doesn't become a prob for the Blazers get behind then come back in 4th quater 2nd time this year and happend last year too
wayde1213::difference in this game and the clips game is orlando was hitting everything and the blazers were not bad 47 percent 1st half. in the clips game both teams could not buy a bucket
PortlandBlazers1004::Now the Magic will get crap from the Heat trolls about how they gave up their lead, and Blazers will get crap from Laker/Thunder/Clipper trolls about how they lost.
concannonchris::Orlando never gave up the lead.  To give up the lead you have to be trailing...  Heck-  For Orlando this is a huge win regardless how they won....  D-12 played horrible tonight.
hyperk1d::And Bulls trolls will troll everybody cause well...they're Bulls trolls.
NastyVille_McNasties::Not gonna lie a 3-0 West coast trip would be pretty sweet. I really want a win tomorrow night.
concannonchris::GSW buried us last season on the road with 3's.   It's a must win we have to beat GSW especially without Curry.
MagicBoltzRays::GSW is going to be tough.... they have a great crowd too.
MagicBoltzRays::I don't think the blazers led at all tonight
PortlandBlazers1004::Not one single time.
ZzTrueAznBallerZz::goodnight all especially MAGic fans
NastyVille_McNasties::Later bruh.. See you tomorrow night.
MagicBoltzRays::fine.... I'll go with Anderson. 1. Redick 2. Hedo 3. Anderson
