mark35345::The Hawks suck! The refs tried to give them the game and they couldn't take it. A quick exit from the playoffs is imminent!
CelticPatriot17::Celtics!
Road dog Red::Rondo MVP
Olinka25::totaly agree :)
Road dog Red::Teague instead of the Rock should have starred in the Tooth Fairy
dasmith488::Only watched the last 5 minutes - then the overtime (another 5 minutes).  Thought the refereeing was dismal.   Anyone who doubts that NBA refs "attempt" to impact the outcome should watch the tail end of this game.  At least 4-5 VERY questionable calls.  Not sure I understand why though??
jdzspace.::Let's be real, the Celtics beat the Hawks in overtime on the 2nd night of a back to back after beating Miami at home, playing their 4th game in 5nights.   despite the refs trying VERY hard to fix the game in Atlanta's favor, and complete horsecrap calls.   yes, that is pretty amazing.. . . and now we hit the road for 4games in 5nights, and then of course we have the Magic after that the following night. so when this week is over. we will have played 11games in 13 nights. damn
oreed luv his redsox::the teams we playing are crappy anyway..it wouldn't matter
jdzspace.::the Heat twice, the Pacers, the Bulls,the Spurs and the Sixers, now the Hawks.   all playoff teams, all over .500  now granted the Hawks aren't great, and the Heat aren't a real basketball team. but on it's face, that's a pretty rough stretch
jdzspace.::and we were playing the Hawks who are a playoff team, and beating them means winning our head to head matchup and meaning we leapfrog them in the standings and getting homecourt.   both teams were playing as hard as they could
Harmonic Oscillator::Crappy? Boston has played 7 straight playoff teams.
Harmonic Oscillator::Rondo refused to come out of the game for the last 34 minutes. He told Rivers i can rest tomorrow.   Warrior.
jdzspace.::C's!!
The Lakers are good at basketball::Wow the Celtics are AMAZING they went to OT with the Hawks at home that is just AMAAAAAAAAAAAZING
oreed luv his redsox::yesssssssss  laker fans should never talked after losing to the lonely  wizards
STRAIGHT_CASH HOMEY::lol the lakers lost to the wizards
dr_travolta::after beating the Heat the other day...and they're an "older" team. they'll get further than the lakeshow.
The Poster above me is a Moron::After a win in Miami on their homecourt.
oreed luv his redsox::THE celtics might not even need the third seed. magic will fall right in to are lap:)...they can't even beat Washington
oreed luv his redsox::do in 1 remember trading deadline, danny trying to trade away KG FOR JOSH SMITH...LOL ;)
Harmonic Oscillator::This game should count as 2 games of double digit assists for Rondo.
oreed luv his redsox::nobody should question this boston team age....they wope the heat $@% that try hard to embarrass them &amp; came back home tired &amp; all,  and beat the hawks in OT with the refs trying to win it for the hawks.
jayson hostetler::who said boston was to old
dr_travolta::every analyst on ESPN until two days ago lol
Dwayne_Johnson23::*too
KashMunee::Hmmmm...  Who are the Tics next victims
KashMunee::Hailstorm in April...ain't life beautiful
KashMunee::It's SNOWING/HAILING in Boston
bksk07::No doubt lol
glogic::don't matter. i'm still seeing sunshine and rainbows!
KashMunee::There are over 4000 comments on this thread and only 15 Atlanta ESPN fans.. But there are at least 500 bojangles, KFC, Churches, Popeyes fried chicken joints in that state that pack in customers. Fried chicken over ESPN computer viability ....PRIORITIES
BeMilwaukee3::Dont like this comment if you like Skip Bayless.
KashMunee::Love Skip Baseless
KashMunee::Atlanta..where high school football is more important to the cities psyche than nationally televised Professional Basketball...WAKE UP.. It's 2012 not 1959
23tyson80::Atlanta.....where your best big man currently playing shoots more from the perimeter than inside the paint and nobody does anything about it.....Atlanta
KashMunee::Pathetic
23tyson80::I laugh every time he shoots that slow $@% jumper.......Tebow thinks J smooves release is slow
KashMunee::They pat him on the back and call him. J Smoove....
KashMunee::Atlanta...where your BEST player wins the NBA sixth man of the year...and you don't resign him....your BEST player
KashMunee::The hawks will NEVER have to be in the position of being washed up....like they say the Celts are...because they were never ANYTHING to begin with...the only way any of those current player see they Hall of Fame is on a video
tarheeltatman::It is what it is....C's are 10 over .500 now, peaking at the right time. Glad to see it...sick of the "too old" comments, or "Rondo is no CP" jargon. I'll take Rondo any day over CP....and after beating the "heat" and now the hawks on back to backs, it shows  the C's are in good shape and will be a very HARD out come play off time. This team is coming together nicely, and you can't replace playoff experience and more importantly SUCCESS like the C's have.
KashMunee::How bad is it in Atlanta.....mike Woodson is winning with the Knicks
KashMunee::Somebody get zsazsa back into makeup chair...his foundation is all wrong
KashMunee::Josh...I'm a three point shooter Smith.....pathetic... Hey director...where's my motivation...my agent says I'm a STAR
KashMunee::Want to know how bad it's got in Atlanta .....Marvin Williams has BALLOONED from a skinny 2guard to a fat butt power forward without any power.... HELLO....it ain't gonna work
texasrocks123456::Teague was the only Hawk who wanted it. 2 points in OT? I can't wait for the rematch in phillips arena. hawks can take that one.
KashMunee::Toothy didn't want it...he blew it by taking I'll advised shots at the end....fake guy
KashMunee::What's  Amazing about this is that Atlanta sucks as a team, sports town and fans. The team is a bunch of artificially inseminated soft whipped ice cream boys, the town is so divided racially and culturally that they don't support the team...and their fans (ESPN) are whiny and stupid..usually only one of the other because they can't do two things at once.... Gee.....  Am I luckynto be a Celtics fan
KashMunee::The Atlanta Hollowgrams....lol
Dwayne_Johnson23::Holograms?
utsmaster18::Rondo is putting up stupid triple dubs. the guy never has like 10-10-10 has to be some effed up ish like 10-20-10 or the other game where he had like 13-20-17.   If he worked on his shot, no doubt he would be the best PG in the league.
KashMunee::Joe Johnson is Atlantas ONLY standup guy....the rest of the them.... Zsazsa.....Josh ....teethy Teague...Marvin....are all FAKE PLAYERS
KashMunee::Fake as in Godzilla movies....  They are actually smaller than they appear
Titletown_MA::*east
KashMunee::Hollywood south
Dwayne_Johnson23::I didn't know those guys are Japanese!
Dwayne_Johnson23::Fake as in holograms?
Sportsfanatic794::RONDO  NEW NICKNAME IS MR TRIPLE DOUBLE.
Knicks1973championsHAHA::lol rondo the best pg in the game 3-16
Sportsfanatic794::KNICKS SUCK
sgant22::Congrats C's for winning. But thinking the refs shouldn't call the moving pick by KG, the Hook by Pierce, and the Elbow to the head and the push by Sesame Seed just flat wrong. An elbow no matter how soft or hard it's thrown still needs to be called. For once I had no problem with the refs and that's from a fan of neither team. Great job refs!!!
KashMunee::Total BS....  Yer just a WHINY. LYING... Atlanta weenie..take yer LooSahood and shove it up yer crack...Those Refs should be castrated
venator360::All Rondo does is rack up assist f***'s around and gets triple doubles.
SoxFanSince61::This game was further proof that the NBA has, by far, THE worst officiating in sports. The Celtics had to beat 8 guys on the floor last night.
redsoxfan4ever2009::Celtics pride will never die.!!
CandySparker::Let's give Rondo the road to London, instead of Wade.
gregoryemile::RONDO IS THE BEST PG IN THE NBA! CAN WE HAVE THIS CONVERSATION!??
WashFlokie::i wish Jeff Green was healthy for you guys, good luck in playoffs
mistadontplay502::Rondo should be a MVP candidate
SoxFanSince61::Love Rondo, but that's ridiculous.
venator360::Why? The Celtics are going nowhere without him. He's playing on a level at PG we rarely see.
Road dog Red::CELTICS,,,HoooRah
Dwayne_Johnson23::The Celtics played 5-8 last night and still won.  Suck a dick Stern
Kirk-Is-My-Hinrich::Dude will probably be back to try to get us on Friday.  Good thing we're playing the Craptors.
Another Hour Another Account::<b>f</b>uck the refs
uvacee::Reffing was turrible (as one Sir Charles Barkley would say), and the C's still won!  Just hope they're not peaking too early... save some for the playoffs!
mynameisjayee::gay!
KINGCAMBORAMBO::Rajon Rondo is the best point guard in the NBA. He has 19 straight games with at least 10 assists per game, and he has 16 straight games with at least 11 assists per game. The last players who had the same streak on assists like Rajon Rondo was 20 years ago by John Stockton in 1992. In addition, he has the most  triple doubles in the NBA this season with 6. Rajon Rondo is getting better and better every year. I expect him to win the NBA and NBA Finals MVP soon.
Syrindge::if i had my choice of likely opponents the c's would play Atlanta in the first round of the playoffs.
Miami Heat Bandwagoner::Looks like i gotta start hopping on the Celtics bandwagon.
Road dog Red::et on..theres room
hankeasy::Yes but don't bring Miami Heat's garbages.
uvacee::Hahahahaha... There's tons of room on the wagon, hop on up!
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!
Dribbird::Rondo has now had 10+ assists in 19 straight games and counting. He has 6 triple doubles, second place in the NBA has 1.  His jumper has consistently improved all season, but he is a point guard, scoring is not his position.  How does he never get any hype for MVP?  I still think Durant or Love should get it, but we should at least be talking about Rondo.
Bryan Barnard::They won it in '08, they lost in the finals in '10....and nobody thought they'd get that far that year either.
cortzone::Agreed. Also to Omar I will be happy as well, reason being when they won in 2010 they were expected to win it all. No one but diehard Celtic fans believed in them this year, which to me would make it all that more special. Dribbird great point, Rondo is a PG not a SG. All this talk about Rosey, get on the floor bro, man up because other than your mug Rondo is making you look very bad indeed.
