Renee Pantoja::I wonder how long it's going to take people to give Blake some credit. He's way more than Lob City, but alot of people just love to rag on him. Oh well, Clippers just have to keep beating their teams.
Angel Payano::I think people continue to say that al he does is dunk but those same people never actually watch him play which is stupid. If u consistently watch him play u know that he got better this season. He def improved his whole game
Matt Elmore::Comparing his regular season to the postseason last year, his FG% dropped 9%, he went from averaging 18 and 8 to 13 and 5.5. I know he was hurt, but he needs to find a way to at least match his regular season production with his postseason production; ideally, star players increase their production in the postseason because you get days off, play more minutes per game, etc. He's been playing well so far this season, but I'm holding out on judgment until I see how he improves in this year's playoffs
Ikenna Nwaghanata::And people say Blake can only dunk. Haha, tell me what other PF can do that.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::He's got the best handles for a 6'10 PF
Renee Pantoja::Lawlers Law! 1st team to 100 wins.
Matthew Lemieux::bingo!
Ryan Quinn::Nuggets are an average team.  They'll be in the hunt for a playoff spot, maybe get in and lose in the first round.....again.  They have a bunch of average to good players.  This team is going nowhere in a deep Western Conference.  Their best hope lies w the Knicks sucking.
Alan Pettyjohn::The like was for the last part...a high draft pick would certainly help...
Al-Jaleel Sawab::ESPN top story tomorrow morning: LeBron James impressed with Blake Griffin dribbling moves vs Nuggets, takes to twitter
Lisa Beatty::still dont understand why Foye is still starting.. He sucks.. Let Fournier play.. Atleast if he screws up he is only 20 and in his 2nd year
Justin Taslak::Griffin just destroyed Lawson with those dribble moves, Ty just gave up and fouled him, didn't wanna end up on a poster.
Eric Lopez::The Clippers got this game. Their Defense are still improving. Clippers wins this one 117-93. Go Clipps!
Jon Scott::That score will make me very very happy
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Showtime Clippers are NBA's most fun team to watch at home
Cory Gardley::there not i just came to check the box score because i have Deandre Jordan on my fantasy team #LakerNation just
Justin Taslak::yea Cory, tell me again why the old Lakers are more exciting to watch than the Clips. This isn't about allegiances, the dude just said they are fun to watch. Your allegiance has bred ignorance
Cory Gardley::Justin Taslak i disagreed with him because he said there the NBA's most fun team to watch and i disagree. Your ignorance needs to stay at UCI lol and by the way i goto to UCI
Matt Elmore::The Clippers' announcer Michael Smith made a point during the game that I agree with 100%. What exactly is the Nuggets' identity? When you play Memphis, it's going to be a physical, grind-it-out game. When you play Houston, they're trying to push the tempo, spread the floor and take layups or 3s. What do you expect when you play Denver? They're not a very good post team, but they're not a good outside shooting team either. The problem is that, if you don't have an identity, how can you bring in the right pieces to fit the system?
Shawn-Hlee Hawj::As a nugs fan this team is trash... Trade Lawson and cut Randy tonight please. Can't stand the way Shaw is coaching this team anymore. Josh makes a mistake by letting George Karl go... It's a embarrassment to the state of Colorado.
Alan Pettyjohn::I was thinking that posts like yours were the embarrassment...please drop the... As a nugs fan... you do not qualify imho  Ty is coming off a hammy and not 100%...you say trade him...Durant says make him an AllStar...hmmm  Who to believe, Who to believe...  Foye should not start...but should stay...Ty not going 100% affects his open looks and rhythm...expect a different Foye when Gallo back as well.  Shaw is 26 games in...still working on turning a no-plan-but-run-and-jump-and-pray team into a D minded, half court (alien terms to Karl) team...that is also able to run...  14-12 record is beyond my expectations for this season. (its also the EXACT  same record as last years Karl team)..but hey...I have only been a fan (through thick and thin) since ABA days..   So keep on with the Chicken Little act and crying for Karl...I wonder if you were posting the same tripe last year after 26 games...when the season W-L ,record setting Karl squad was sitting at the same 14-12 record?  smh  GO NUGGETS!!!
Ryan Quinn::Take it easy Shawn.  The Knicks suck.  That's something, right?
Dana Greer::Denver is a nice team, but Maninal can't handle Griffin down low, and Chris Paul will eat Miller alive. Clips 120, Nuggets 95
Brandon Lacombe::Jared Dudley puts up 20 again tonight!!! Go Clips!!!
Jr Eastwood::CLIPPERS MUST PLAY HARDER TO WIN THIS ONE
Alan Pettyjohn::Any updates on Faried injury?  His absence pretty much gave the paint to Clipps...no one able to match his energy...Nuggs were flat on the 2nd night of a traveling back-to-back....as the rout (and rotations) clearly showed...  Oh well...  Time to get fired up for the Dubs game!  Hope Kenneth is back for it...
Keith Ketcham::What a pathetic offensive showing by both team learn to shoot shitbags!
John Martin::Denver bench getting to play in a blowout loss.
Tom OConnor::GO NUGGETS!!!!!!!!!!
Boon Hwee::is this a training session?
John Jones::First! Clippers take it at home
Jazmine Ortiz::this is awful
Ali Lukie Ozeir::CP3 for MVP!
Darren Miller::clip time to win
Pako Ramirez V::college game by nuggets lol
Pako Ramirez V::denver go home
