mackfactor::PGeorge showing flashes of greatness, Roy Hibbert showing flashes of mediocrity.
01Bulls4life::8-8 record with 5-5 at home.. exact .500 team.  Wonder if Bulls will get a spot at the Playoffs.
BullsWisdom::Even know Hibbert jumped straight up he was standing in the ring, I don't get it.  So you can't take a charge, but you can jump straight up, someone please explain.
01Bulls4life::Good game by the Pacers.. they are a good team not to take on lightly.  They have a VERY good squad and can bring trouble to almost any team.  Bulls.. well this season was worse that expected ( don't bring me that it's to early crap).  I hope they can turn things around but the new team even with Rose in the lineup won't be good enough for a title.  I fear Rose will end up hurt again doing all by himself.  Good luck Pacers.
DickeySimpkins8::How the hell does Jimmy Butler play 31 minutes and only takes 4 shots? Thibadeau needs to stop being such an a-hole and let the kid ball. In case he didn't know, Da Bulls lack scorers.
DickeySimpkins8::Jimmy Butler can shoot, but Thibodeau loves to bench young players not named Derrick Rose if they miss 2 shots in a row. As for aggression, you have to run some plays for him damn it to build up his confidence. Thibodeau is from the old school of Larry Brown, Phil Jackson, Pat Riley where its automatic you don't get playing time if you're a young player.
mccoywajmu::im sorry how does jimmy's lack of shooting or aggressive get attributed to thibs?  Jimmy sees himself as a defensive player and that is the role he is trying to fill.
dernyboy35::why does boozer suck sooooo bad he was awesome his first year with bulls and the the following playoffs he cut his ballls off and now sucks since then
DickeySimpkins8::He was never awesome with the Bulls. But he's awesomely overpaid.
pacersfj20::its because he is soft
msacks::While the Bulls chances of winning the game would have still been low, I'm floored that neither the article nor the comment board's most liked comments are talking SPECIFICALLY about the Luol Deng baseline no-call foul on the Bulls last serious possession.  Either that's a defensive foul (which any Bulls fan would think it is) or offensive foul, but it's not a no call, and the lack of a whistle there was egregious.
pacersfj20::its like I have told people.  If it was noah going up against George and they called the foul on Noah would Bulls fans be saying it was a great call?  no.
pacersfj20::It doesn't suprise me that Bulls fans don't know the rules of basketball though. You have gotten superstar calls for a long time now with Jordan and Rose.
jwright520::hah yeah good point
jwright520::Lol "egregious"?? haha
pacersfj20::In the rules of basketball a defender has the right to jump straight up and block the shot as long as he is going straight up and the arms are straight up as well.  If this is the case, which it was, and the defender jumps into the defender it is not a foul at all.  This was not a foul either way.  Just because there is contact doesn't mean it is a foul.  Hibbert was straight up and Deng went into him.
cheezhedhater::Arms not straight...jump not straight...We know that rule but it did not apply last night...terrible no call.
jwright520::exactly what i was about to say. excellent no call. Hibbert is becoming great at playing vertical defense
msacks::http://espn.go.com/blog/chicago/bulls/post/_/id/10819/late-no-call-leads-to-pacers-win  Agree or disagree, this is a huge part of the story, and should be linked in this recap.
cowboiler69::Well the Pacers showed they are the team to beat in this division at least for this year. I believe that's at least a two game winning streak in Chicago now for the Pacers.
PatBR549::Really, it is Vogel who needs to figure it out.  The Pacers are better with Hansbrough on the floor, and generally worse when Hibbert is playing.  Frank has not seen this yet.
pacersfj20::Paul George is actually the pacers most talented player and if he ever gets a consistency the league will need to watch out.  Right now West is our best player and then Granger, Hill, Hibbert, George, but if George puts it all together watch out.
pacersfj20::yea for anyone to call a guy soft who is one of the leaders in the league with 3 blocks per game is dumb.  His shot isn't falling although he has been getting better but his touches are so sporadic because we are running the offense through Hill and West which is also why Paul George is so inconsistent.  We come down every play and play the pick and roll game with West and Hill.  I think Roy has been worth every penny we spent on him this offseason because of his rebound and shot blocking alone.  He doesn't need to be a 20ppg player, I would like to see him get to the 13 ppg range, but him protecting the rim is invaluable to our team.  I love Tyler's hustle but he just can not hit shots and he travels a lot which does not get called.  Roy has been far from Soft.
jwright520::Yeah Hibbert's never going to be a 20ppg guy, and no one who has a clue ever thought he would be. it would crack me up watching the pacers vs the heat in the playoffs last year. the media kept hounding again and again that Hibbert needs to be scoring 20ppg, and until then he's not an elite center. hahah that's the biggest load of bull. That's not the type of center he is or will ever be. He's a 13-10-3 type of center. The media is so clueless. They also always refer to it as "Paul George and the Pacers" or "Paul George's Pacers"... He's like our 5th best player lol
isuandy335305::Tyler has been AWFUL this year so far, except in terms of hustle... and frankly, his complete lack of ability to hit any shot, make a positive move with the ball, and guard atheltic 4s means that we should be trying to trade him for basically anything ASAP...
scratchplus1::Anybody who thinks the Pacers are better with Hansborough on the floor is clueless.  Does anybody remember when he could actually make a 15 foot jumper?  Oh ya it was the Chicago playoff series in April 2011.  There's no way Hibbert is a max player, but he's still making an impact on the defensive end.  I bet Tebow is your favorite football player too.
jwright520::tebow at football &gt; hansbrough at basketball
PatBR549::Come on.  The guy is 7'2" and plays soft.  Just saying...better when he is not on the floor.
isuandy335305::soft?!  He has multple games this season with 6+ blocks... just because his shot isnt dropping he's soft?  OK... Defense has been absolutely solid... get a clue!
TheTristanShow::I think he's one of the top players on the Pacers and they need to have faith in the guy they just a gave a max contract to.
TheTristanShow::Youre right They should bench Hibbert, and give Hansbrough 40 minutes a game!
pacersfj20::worse when hibbert is on the floor?  when he is not on the floor we have no rim protector, and we won the 3rd quarter with hibbert on the floor.  They need to get him more consistent touches.  Hansbrough has been worse this season then he was last season and I didn't think that was possible
milw-jay::" Wow, a ridiculously low scoring game. How can pro teams put on two offensive performances this bad? A joke..."    - Arizona Cardinals and NY Jets
isuandy335305::Same in Indy, the offense has struggled, but they play defense, which gives them shots to win games... both of these teams are solid playoff teams in the East.  Hopefully the Central Division can compete come playoff time
01Bulls4life::1. The Bulls Defense still good!  Not as good as last years but they still rely on TOUGH DEFENSE. 2. The Bulls Offense is Horrible.  While they manage to make it hard on teams to score their horrendous offense makes the other teams defense look good.  Hope this answered your question.
Chi Town Stand Up::Good win Indy, hopefully we'll see you in this years playoffs but it doesn't look great for either of us (until you guys get Granger back) Love watching the Pacers they're a real team not just some team with thrown together superstars. You guys do have a star rising in Paul George, though. Very impressed with him. Bulls NEED to sign another guy who can create off the dribble besides Rose. It's a little ridiculous.
scott.walter::We both definitely have some scoring issues right now with our best players out.  The Bulls definitely won't have that problem once Rose is back at full speed, not so sure about my Pacers though.  At least our D keeps giving us opportunities to win for now.
scratchplus1::An intelligent Chicago sports fan?  I didn't know they existed but it's refreshing.  Major props to Thibs for how he has this team competing without one of the better players in the game.
airmike2334::tough loss, but great game by the pacers. GO BULLS
Sugarglyderx::JoQueen Noah = Bankrupt man's Anderson Varejao
isuandy335305::yea, Varejao will get hurt any time now, at least Noah will stay healthy
Neil826::varejao is 100x worse than noah.
CallMeJohnD::Paul George will be a better player than Rose next year
isuandy335305::this is a Pacers fan telling you to slow your roll...
scratchplus1::Pump the brakes there John
kevmart1969::Ive used a betting system named Sportsbettingstar over the past few months. I am making between $2,000 to $3,000 a month profit just following this systems picks. You can learn more about this system by searching 'sports betting system' on Google.
BigHandsomeHoosier1991::PG is a special player.
Lpnumber01::Bulls got screwed.  Deng should have been fouled!
azehr31::false, straight up, deng tried to draw a cheap rose foul
RabbiLevine::I love beating the Bulls.  Hate Bulls fans with a passion.
milw-jay::Milwaukee &gt;  Chicago
isuandy335305::calm down there...
azehr31::bulls fans just got used to getting the rose "superstar" foul calls
airtaz::You are $@%!$@%!.
jehayes42::bet you loved that no call at the end then that game was total bs
jrettig1706::he was straight up..that was a good call.
Ravens n Orioles::u lost by 4 y r u butthurt
cubsfan7171::Good win for the Pacers tonight.  Wish Paul George could get more consistent, but it is good that these guys are starting to win without Granger.
C.H.VODKA::The ((( LOCK ))) was the ((( UNDER )))  Congratulations to those who followed !! Wooooooooooooo  Hooooooooooooo
cowboiler69::That was too obvi
Thomas4202::wtf im saying this is the turning point,pacers will lead the division rest of the way,extra shots for pacer pride,good win good win,
Thomas4202::hell yea!pacer pride,ya all bulls were missing the guards,but''boom baby''always feels good beating them bulls.(turn out the lights the party's over)
MasterOfLogic::What's funny is, the only thing we're hearing are bulls fans whining, not Pacers fans patting themselves on the back. Are you really that unhappy about losing to a Granger-less Pacers?
Thomas4202::bingo!
IAMLEGEND_101::ROSE IS GOING TO RE INJURE HIMSELF TRYING TO CARRY THE BULLS ALONE. THEY NEED ANOTHER STAR, BUT FROM WERE. NOBODY WANTS TO PLAY IN CHICAGO AND I DON'T BLAME THEM. PLACE IS THE MOST VIOLENT CITY IN THE U.S
toph119029::you got your cap lock on
Emily87182::And l.a. Is safe
toph119029::HA LA blows
IAMLEGEND_101::L.A&gt;CHI CMON.
relawe13::THE FK
IAMLEGEND_101::BULLS OVERPAID FOR GIBSON. 8 MILLION. HE NEEDS TO GET SOME TYPE OF OFFENSIVE GAME. TIME WILL TELL
relawe13::YES I AGREE WITH YOU WHY AM I SCREAMING
OhDamaso::Bulls should just let Rose sit the year.  Then find a way to dump Boozer, let Rip go away and see if they can trade Deng for a cheap return, then use the extra money to sign a second legit superstar to play alongside Rose.  Problem is there are no superstars left, they're all on superteams or they're also point guards.  Bulls will never beat the Heat with the roster they have right now.  Boozer can put up as many garbage points as he wants, but he will never be able to play defense and the Bulls still don't have a real consistent second scoring option...right now they don't really have a first.
Chi Town Stand Up::Andre Iggy if possible
CBass1317::Dumping Boozer and not taking back money will be impossible.
Emily87182::Boozer drives me fing crazy the guy has skill he's just too soft. Someone needs to remind him he's not a shooting guard too.
relawe13::I would keep deng and get a solid pf, like cousins or something.
IAMLEGEND_101::WHAT SUPERSTAR
Mr.Hinds::Paul George's D on Deng(sp?) was impressive all night.
relawe13::nate robinson is just like jr smith, explosive sometimes but horrible basketball iq
Mr.Hinds::Yeah. He kept the bulls in the game with some crucial shots but also had a lot of silly unforced turnovers
Emily87182::Thank you! Gotta love his energy but sometimes he looks like a high school kid who consistently tries to do too much and costs you possessions. Smith looks a little better this year. Maybe I'm blinded by the fact his shots are falling though
CBass1317::Coach's fault.  He is always gonna be aggressive. Works when the offense is stagnant.  But then coach has gotta yank him.
HickeyS2000::The Bulls announcer needs to cut the "two minutes, two-aahh" out.  That's been a staple of the Pacers for many, many years.
H3I5MAN 0N D3M R00K5::Yea I feel ya
Emily87182::He's not as bad as the heats announcer
HickeyS2000::Not bad, just not original.
PhillyPhanInSoCal::Amen to that.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::does anyone really care?
PhillyPhanInSoCal::It could always be worse, Bulls fans...your team could be the Lakers.
colts8733::everyone thought they were the title favorites......... lol
PhillyPhanInSoCal::I know, and I'm loving it! Lakers fans are all suicidal out here! LOL
colts8733::Paul George 34 points and 9 rebs!!!!! Way to go, now have another good performance tomorrow night, you struggled after your last 37 pt game
IAMLEGEND_101::AND DENG IS AN OVERRATED DEFENDER LOL
IAMLEGEND_101::TAJ GIBSON GETS 8 MILLION A YEAR LOL
H3I5MAN 0N D3M R00K5::Good win for the Pacers. Won despite two best players going combined 6-28 from the field. Wish PG would have that confidence every game.
sjohnso63::76 pts?  really?  Bulls suck and always will suck:/  Get a team that can score vs a team that can play defense 50% of the time.  It's sad the Chicago franchise is still holding onto the Jordan days aka the apocalypse.
sjohnso63::I'm sorry, I thought only the elite athletes who could maybe average 10 pts a game played in the NBA?  The Bulls have drafted only one player who could score = wins in the last couple of years.  It's called depth and the Bulls haven't understood this term for over a decade.  It's really sad the franchise is still flourishing from a couple of championships in the 90's.  They should move to Seattle.
Chi Town Stand Up::haven't understood depth? So our bench mob wasn't good? Ok buddy.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::You realize 2/5 Bulls starters are out, right? Or have you been living under a rock this whole time?
mccoywajmu::what is he whining about? he simply stated the obvious.  the pacers won its fine.  the bulls are missing 2 starters including a former league mvp so please dont even mention granger because he doesnt belong in the same sentence
kenny riley805::Doe you realize that Granger is out also?  Quit whining and making excuses.
Emily87182::Maybe we should just all stop watching basketball cause Jordan doesn't play anymore
Man Utd Squad::the pacers are a top 5 defensive team in the nba.
clippers8130::bulls and pacers our two of the most boring teams in nba
H3I5MAN 0N D3M R00K5::Personally I would rather watch teams actually playing defense rather than no defense. Why do you think people like watching College more than the NBA?
Area55andG2::both beat your clippers with ease... which is more important?
snubnose44::they our?
Luap Sllim::Paul George + no granger= 34 pts.
riseabove420::It's the Wizards we can take a night off and win.  -Lebron James
Terrance26611::NOAH + SHORT HAIR =
paul3d::If you need at least two stars in this league to win a title then Derrick and the Bulls need 1 more and Indiana has yet to have one.
Chi Town Stand Up::granger and george will be stars this year coming from a Bulls fan
colts8733::West can be a semi-star
Terrance26611::I'm Dead *BOOM*
Noah Zupmang::NOAH IS VERY BORED AND IS ABOUT TO LEAVE
chicago d rose::damn i was expecting some heat fans... but we all know what happened
riseabove420::MY TAINT &gt; NOAH
Noah Zupmang::MY AIDS &gt; RISEABOVE
riseabove420::MY EGG ROLL &gt; NOAH'S SPECIAL FRIED RICE
Noah Zupmang::MY SPECIAL FRIED RICE &gt; YOUR AIDS
riseabove420::MY AIDS &gt; YOUR AIDS
Noah Zupmang::NOAH LOVES STROKING HIS PUBES
lajacksonindy::so all the genuine basketball fans left when the game ended
paul3d::Cant wait till Rose comeback and  takes a dump on Granger and then he cries about it for days!
kdogownsu::lol and granger will be back with king george. u guys r $@%!$@
Hoosierhawk18::Kinky
Area55andG2::we'll see bro.
Area55andG2::in all honesty, this game could have easily been won by the bulls. Robinson just lost control at the end and PG was clutch
Terrance26611::JAR JAR BINKS &gt; DWIGHT HOWARD  YEAR I WENT THERE
Notre Dame 2013 National Champions::I dislike Joakim Noah, but he knows how to have a good time...  http://drunkathlete. (no space) com/2009/05/14/joakim-noah-at-the-beach/   Good night to the classy Bulls fans SUCK IT to the majority
qandrews94::Notre Dame is in Indiana not Chicago. For some reason, people from Illinois seem to forget that. Good luck with Northern Illinois.
riseabove420::$@%! YOU!!! GO IRISH!!!
Walter White Killed Don Draper::Paul Georges Anal Hairs &gt; David Stern
