thunderupman::IM actually surprised how many boards the thunder got. I never really see them work that hard on the boards. I feel they have the talent to be a better rebound team, but I never seen this coming.
thunderupman::prometheus guns---- when are th spurs going to show us something besides 2nd place in the west??? you dont even own the tie breaker. HAHAHAHA
flybye23::and certain people think the Pacers are a legit contender !!!!  lmao
LLindy86::Disappointed in my Pacers in this game. Hung around but couldn't score or guard when it counted. Just get ready to go hard the entire playoffs.
esstea23::That rebound differential is insane. No wonder this game wasn't close.
Westjag::Thabeet gave Hibbert problems. Being an inch taller than Roy, Thabeet denied Hibbert his typically easy rebounds and made some of his shot attempts difficult
Prometheus Guns::Thunderupman - "and they are ranked #1 in powerrankings for a reason."  Dumbest comment ever. Congrats.  You have to be some kind of bandwagon kid fan to make such an obtuse statement like that. Its about matchups kid, and the Thunder will NEVER beat the Heat. Especially without Harden. Youll learn this the hard way.  Sure, #1 in power rankings = Championship. Why even have the playoffs? Lets just call it a season guys!  PS I hate the Heat.
amtrack5::Harden has never showed up against the Heat.  I'm not exactly sure what "especially w/o harden" is supposed to mean.  His contribution to the team is so largely overstated I'm not sure what to say.  News flash:  This OKC team is better than last year, w/o Harden!  Check every statistical category you want to.  The whole w/o Harden claim has no substance.  Thunder have a slim chance of beating the heat, but it has nothing to do with Harden.  It has everything to do with the fact that the Heat have a flat-out better team.  Durant and Westbrook are canceled out by Lebron and Wade.  Heats others &gt; Thunder's others, so the only way to tip the scale is better coaching.  Dont think Scott Brooks is there yet.
Antsea91::What makes it more annoying is how he says he "hates the heat" to give it more meaning. BS I bet he is a huge closet heat fan
esstea23::Moving the ball around is key. When they do that, your right, they can beat anyone. I don't know why they let themselves get stagnate like they do though. Its so frustrating to watch.
Westjag::He's a hater. Thunder can beat ANYONE when we play as a team and move the ball around. No doubt.
esstea23::If the Thunder will NEVER beat the Heat, why even let them play? Your comment is almost as asinine as the one you attacked.
thunderupman::UMMM why do people always say when they play the thunder " oHHH we were just having a off night shooting wise"?   THE THUNDER have held more teams under 85 points then any other team in the NBA. could it not be the great thunder D????
Prometheus Guns::The #2 seedn in the West is better with the Lakers coming to form, Denver hurt and GoldenState slipping to the 7th seed.
thunderupman::possibly. I have a feeling thunder will still slip to 2
thunderupman::Not only will the thunder make it to the finals. they will win the finals.. REAL THUNDER FAN!!!!!!
Prometheus Guns::Any thunder fan that thinks you can beat the Heat,  WITHOUT HARDEN, is in denial.   Only a healthy Spurs teams has a shot.  -Realist
Prometheus Guns::They have lost what there last six games to thenHeat? But youre count stats against the kings and other teams. Good call
thunderupman::10.6 points differential   HAHAHA they play better this year then last year brother!!!
UrJellyBro::OKC is a great team, but like the Clippers i just dont see them beating the Heat in a 7 game series. Maybe a healthy Spurs team could.
thunderupman::wow really? they just smashed the spurs (slow/ old). then they just smashed the pacers (young/ great D ) you might not see it but. thunder understand regular season i meaningless. spurs don't understand that. there the best looking team ( during the season) its not how you start its how you finish. thunder are not only going to play in the finals. they are playing better then any other team statistically. 10.6 PD. also they are #1 in power ranking for a reason OVER MIAMI.
Prometheus Guns::Spurs dont understand regular season doesnt count? We got a 250K fine for resting players! We HAVE  FOUR RINGS!   You, DONT KNOW WHAT YOURE TALKING ABOUT!  You shouldnt even be allowed to own a keyboard. OMG!
Prometheus Guns::Moron. Spurs were playing there 4 game in 5. There last 5 games were aginst the leagues top teams. Okc had five days of rest, the Spurs werent even close to full strength, okc was at home, ANNNNND the Spurs had it to 3 points with under 5 minutes to go.  Pathetic
Prometheus Guns::Agree 100%
Lemon Grab::lol Durant only took 7 FTs and scored 34. haters begone
Tommy Waddle::the word your looking for pacer fans is outclassed
smokingstogies305::The Pacers are not a contender.
saintsmagic88::Contenders have off nights sometimes too...but PG needs to drive to the basket more and not settle on a three pointer.
Jake2020::2-21 from 3, thats not typical, they are fine
Pacersfan4ever::Good game Thunder. Rebounda killed us which is shocking, but D West is getting healthy and Hibbert was in foul trouble. Only bad points of the game, Westbrook os super annpying, with all his complaining and Fish needs yo get fined for his "flop"
David011250::Kind of reminded me when Bird was complaining they were soft.
Bacon Flavored Bacon::scoring 8 points in the 4th shoud be your only BAD points
James_and_Wade_get_theirs_next::That's why ESPN said suck it Indiana....come back to us when you're legit. Well played ESPN.
Jake2020::2-1 vs Miami this year, not saying we are better, but pipe down
micpow67::Durant is absolutely a much better player than Mel. Durant passes better, scores better, rebounds better, and can actually guard a legitimate player unlike Melo who refuses to play any defense.
UrJellyBro::Is anyone making that argument? Durant is clearly better.
Joe Raygor::Is there a reason behind the Thunder's alternate uniforms?
LLindy86::OKC jerseys are awful. Alternates or not.
Sonic_Sooner::Just a fresh look (i.e., more MONEY from jersey sales).  I was hoping new road unis would have "OKC" on them.
Maniacpkt::does there need to be?
Oklahoman2424::Can't wait to watch KD show Melo how a real scorer scores. KD is going to get 4 straight scoring titles and every Knicks fan will cry how it is ludicrous.
InFaMouS KP::I love what KD said... "He can have the scoring title I want a Championship"
mason8181::When you are an NBA team and only score 8 points in a quarter, then you have no business clinching the playoffs.
Jake2020::Pacers dominated the Clippers in LA, this guys a tool.
pistonfanstill::The Pacers are better for the overall health of the NBA then the Heat and other superstar thrown together teams.  The message is for the small markets to teach them how to put together an ensemble of players who can compete rather than follow the Harlem Globetrotter-Washington General trend the NBA was taking,  The NBA needs what the Pacers, Nuggets and Grizzlies are bringing,
Maniacpkt::i'd say OKC and San Antonio are much better models for small market teams
Area55andG2::you know when you were down by 24 and lost to the team that only scored 8 points in a quarter you have no business in the playoffs
Ryd3rr::They just had a bad quarter  . . Jesus chill dude!
therealmikeb_::Go climb a tree with that stupid comment
knicks its our time::The knicks are coming for okc be very very afr afraid
CodyB1026::lol dude the knicks are a bust for the past 8 years
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Lmao, afraid of the nicks. That's the best joke in here. Heck OKC has beaten them on their home court already, now they come to OKC where the Thunder just dominate teams at. I see you have no clue at all or you really was just making a joke.
Jacks_Link::OKC at home? Not afraid.
darenphill::out-rebounded by 22 at home?  that's embarrassing.
Jake2020::I agree, Pacers didnt rebound or hit any 3s, where are the Bucks at in the playoffs?
thexdiamond::You're embarrassed?
tony ohno.::Sefolosha wont sleep well knowing jr Smith is coming to destroy him again lol and this time he's bringing his boy.
Mikeferrari23.....::Not a thunder fan but really? Jr smith? Lol!! You mean mr shoot 20 times to score 20 points? And his boy melo mr shoot 30 to get 29 lmao!!  The Knicks are a joke and have played nothing but scrubs the last 2 weeks get out
fairandbalanced00::Reminds me of kobrick who needs 28 shots to score 30points....And espn NBA analysts call him a star....Pathetic!
Shouri22::OKC is scary.
Mikeferrari23.....::That's what they said last year too  And then the heat beat them... With harden.
Area55andG2::Indiana played awful. This wasn't pure Thunder domination. The Pacers were very uncharacteristic
Mikeferrari23.....::Lol KD padding his stats so he can win the scoring title  When melo is obviously the better scorer  Durant takes the the most free throws in the Nba second only to Dwight Howard ? How is that possible with a player that shoots mostly jumpers? Lbj, wade, harden, tony Parker, all drive to the hoop relentlessly. Lbj and wade average more points in the paint than any duo has the last decade and the heat arnt even top 10 in fts so how the hell is durant second in the league in fts I ask? And I answer, the league so desperately wants a superstar to succeed Lebron when he starts to deminish so they protect kd and his little body that has the muscle mass of a 12 year old female and send him to the line everytime someone mean mugs him. Kd an overrated mid range shooter and just an overrated player period
InFaMouS KP::Guess if you were watching the telecast from Fox Sports you would have seen that they stated that KD was asked about the Scoring Title and CA catching him... "He can have the scoring title I want a Championship" You saying KD padding his stats is BS. He wants to win! CA scoring the way he is seems more like someone with only one thing on his mind.
Joe19444689::How old are you?
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::What an idiot. Does this chump even know how to spell NBA. From the sound of his stupid post nope.
SOONER.FAN86::You sir are a moron
Area55andG2::the nba needs a superstar to suceed Lebron? Melo is older Lebron. He's going to fade with Lebron if not before.
Boomtown405::None of those people have mbas
emthomasjr::I watched the game into the 3rd and it was a tight game.  What happened in the 4th?  Obviously the bottom fell out!
ThunderHornz::Good luck and good health Pacers. I hope Augustin works out for you- I really like him at Texas.
WillHaze::I didnt get to watch the 2nd half. Up until then it was a great game. Now that I see the final score I just want to ask...WTF HAPPENED IN THE 4TH QUARTER??? Really 8 points? I mean i could have score 8 points for crying out loud...and Paul George you either need to start showing up every game or take a seat!
Demon Belly::Pacers were 2-21 from 3pt range.  That's not gonna happen too often.  Paul's shot was off tonight, at least he didn't put up 20+ bricks like some other NBA stars do.  Dude is 22 years old, people need to give him a little bit of slack.
WillHaze::I refuse to give anyone slack. If you are good enough to be in the NBA and making millions of dollars playing a game for a living then you need to earn it. whether he is 18 or 22 or 45 he needs to bring his A game every night like other Pacers do
ThunderHornz::Ummm, try OKC defense!
Cool Sun 13::Super Sentai&gt;nba
BlueSh1rt::Is there a Super Sentai message board we can all go to?
Cool Sun 13::Yes blog sites.
scape228::Oh I see what happened Indiana fans are complainers. Somebody makes a good point about their team not being for real without insults and they complained about the comments. That's disgusting!
Demon Belly::OK
scape228::truth hurts
Ron Erick::enjoy the 1st seed spurs was tanking coz they didnt wanna play the lakers
Demon Belly::they scared?
ThunderHornz::Yep.
SMANGANG::i thought okc had tie breaker over spurs? season series is 2-2... next is division record?
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Tie breaker is best confrence record.
DaveOK69::Conference record
BlueSh1rt::yup
BlueSh1rt::Very tough 3 game stretch for OKC here. So far so good. Gotta keep up the hustle for the Knickerbockers.
Demon Belly::Don't worry about the mangy ol' knickerbockers, the Pacers beat them by 34 pts!
44dolfan44::wow impressive game okc
nyknicks4thewin::sunday baby! 12 straight!
SOONER.FAN86::Oh and good choice with the crown. It is delicious
BlueSh1rt::Vodka and orange NOS here.
NYC IS THE BEST...Knickstape 2::#Knickstape
NYC IS THE BEST...Knickstape 2::lol
Area55andG2::I wish the best to OKC in the future. I really like Durant. You guys got a special player
SOONER.FAN86::My fav is Ibaka. He is simply amazing to me.
SOONER.FAN86::Yall kept it real Pacer fans. It was a delight to be on here with you besides the comments from ignorant Heat fans.
Area55andG2::interesting my comment got removed? Shall I be more positive mods?
Area55andG2::It was removed earlier
SOONER.FAN86::LOL
Demon Belly::horrible, horrible things...  the likes of which I hope are never repeated. For the love of humanity!
SOONER.FAN86::what did you say?
Demon Belly::Pacer fan here, much respect for OKC. A real team unlike that fake team in Miami.
Area55andG2::I wasn't here directly after the game ended so I didn't see the commotion. Good to hear we kept it classy
butinsho::Pacers should be glad this game wasn't nationally televised.
Demon Belly::did they cancel when they found out that they accidentally booked a pacer game?
butinsho::It was supposed to be on ESPN.
Demon Belly::that's funny, when are the Pacers ever televised?
Steveforprez04::Thunder sweep whoever gets the 8-seed
bonanarama::OKC and SA would both win 70 if they were in the East.
Steveforprez04::2nd and 3rd in the East
Demon Belly::Hey Jrue you play in the East, he's insulting you indirectly. Not sure why you are laughing.
JrueRandallHoliday::LOL!
scape228::Hey ESPN are you deleting comments? Why? Nobody cursed or insulted anyone.
Demon Belly::Come on man we've all seen the Heat message boards, all they do is say juvenile things about Kobe and various other players and teams.  I see that you are actually a fan of other Miami sports teams so you're probably not like 98% of the Heat's "fans". My mistake.
Demon Belly::Don't you have some Laker fans to harass?
scape228::why am I harassing? Regular comments from many people were deleted.  Why is that harassment?
Demon Belly::yes we are  - ESPN
scape228::unprofessional! hahaha
Area55andG2::I don't really have to own up to anything since I wasn't talking big before the game, but man this game was awful and so uncharacteristic of the Pacers. It was pretty much an off night for everybody except Roy. This really was a fluke. OKC just do what they do, but the Pacers really aided it too. They went like 2-18 in the 4th? I wouldn't expect another game like this.
Matthew Borba::Or give credit where credits due, okc is 2nd best defense when it comes to points-per-100 possessions.
Area55andG2::bend the stats the way you like man, but there is no denying the Pacers have the BEST defense in the nba. They for some reason just didn't show up tonight
Demon Belly::yeah disappointing but it happens now and then.  Not much shame in losing to this great OKC team either.
Boomtown405::Westbrook durant martin117.8 points per 100 possessions &gt; westbrook durant harden 114 pp 100 possessions
JAMEZ709::Finals preview on Sunday
Steveforprez04::WCF - Suns/Hornets ECF - Magic/Cavs
scape228::Oh sprignfresh you hate the Heat. I thought I was replying to a reasonable guy. I hate the Knicks. But they have guys that are ready to compete in the playoffs. Except for David West Indiana isn't ready to compete for a title in the playoffs. Paul George will be very good or great but he isn't there yet. Roy Hibbert is a cow like Lopez in Brooklyn. The playoffs will be too fast for those guys.
an ice cream man named cone::^^^^^^^
ooboh::The playoff odds are inaccurate. The Thunder are 56-20, but it says the worst case scenario for the Thunder is 55-27 - so in short, they're saying that their worst case scenario is something that can't happen.
MorandoNoBrasil::i think okc wins by 15 against ny come sunday.
Demon Belly::at least 15
an ice cream man named cone::you brushin with truthpaste my friend!
