Damage..Control::Wow.  By the way the Pacers played you would have thought they were a undefeated team.  Turns out their record is worse than the Mavs.  This ship is sinking fast.
johndomenow::BIG CONGRAT to Kareem for getting his STATUE up.   RESPECT!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DWuWIDtYNo
yalcos4::No dirk.
EastCoastSurfing::No Granger
ACDallas702::That helps you.
mdfrg::Mayo should take more shots per game. What do you think bout it? He has great hands this season, but i dont see any playbook for him. Usually he creates shot opportunity by his own. Mayo scores from difficult shots and still has good percentage. Cant wait when Dirk will come back and make life easier for other shooters.
Mr. Bradford::Ahh, there's the no defense Dallas Mavericks I've known and loved! Giving the worst offensive team in the NBA 103 points while they're at it.   Whatever. Good game, Pacers. Hopefully we'll improve by March 28th, the next time we see y'all. Good luck 'till then.
Arjay411::Nice team you got here Mark Cuban
bengalsrgay43034::Went to the game today, Very Happy =) great game to go to.  We are back baby!!
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::Only 8 turnovers. Funny how that works when you win...Needed a good win like this to keep the hope alive
Robdee999::Wooooooo....I missed this game due to exams but woooo good job Pacers......
pogi_mavs::waived murphy... move cunningham in d league... get oden...
Justinkm83::Dirk is going to have to show this team how to shoot on the road. Completely different team in the 2nd half. Pathetic to watch
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::keep hitting that meth pipe ol reb and dont make promises you cant keep... and yeah i guess you can give the mavs a A for Affert* but what are you competing for if not for a nba tittle? I guess you guys are happy with another 7th/8th seed 1st round exit if that. it might be best you guys tank the season and get a lottery pick next year.
RangerReb::I NEVER said they can't compete- just won't have a shot at the title- but then again there are 20 something teams that won't either and I can promise you this- it won't be heat, spurs, lakers either!
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::relax reb dont get your panties in a wad man at least you admitted the mavs cant compete unlike some of these idiot homers thats all im sayn
RangerReb::things are ok i don't have to go on a competitors site to get my jollies after a loss
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::calm down ol reb just keep taking hits of your meth pipe and everything will be ok ok?
RangerReb::cowboys $@%!   they will be better than last year but no we can't compete for the title but then again neither can u
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::ok well then your a homer and im sure you where one of the idiots who thought the mavs actually had a chance to repeat last year and the same idiot who thinks this team actually has a chance this year.
Justinkm83::I watch every game, every year.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::dirk is washed up did you bother to watch last season idiot??
Delontes Alter Ego::27 in the playoffs.
Delontes Alter Ego::21 points, 7 boards? I think he did okay.
Justinkm83::He won a championship the year before. Move along troll.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::dirk stunk last year
rfdlbd::Somebody just make a shot in the last minute...Unbelievable
ptglj517::GAMBLE LESS
rfdlbd::Even a free throw woulda been good
Marqui6852::Mavs fans don't pay any attention to cowboys won. He always talks smack everytime the mavs lose.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::i dont have a problem with what anyone has to say about me personally im good you dont offend me but before you call somebody immature you need to look back in the mirror buddy. I thought espn was for people to comment and post opinions about basketball or it a board for trolls and homers?
btbbaOne::Teamwork!!! Stop picking on the junior high kids!!! LOL
TeamworkToo::Okay, dude. Whatever...  Just keep on posting your "opinions" or trolling, or whatever it is you do. Maybe you'll eventually learn to post in a more mature way.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::cant i have my opinion?? and you came at me in a immature way before i even said a word to you, i could care less about what you have to say but why do you get butthurt when i say things?
TeamworkToo::I'm stating my opinion, that you're immature. That's actually more than an opinion, because it's easy to support, simply by reading your posts (which are obviously meant to stir things up). Someone stirs back, and you don't do well with it.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::the mavs are garbage it doesnt take a genius  or a fool to know that, im sorry you take it up the butt and attack me personally, and you want to talk about immature?
TeamworkToo::Oh yeah, right! You haven't attacked anyone personally on this board. You haven't called anyone names, and you didn't come here talking trash trying to stir up trouble. Yeah, you can dish it out (as immature as you do), but you can't take it when it comes back to you. Haha!!!
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::im not here to talk about grammatical errors i have you as my b i t ch to correct me when needed, understand?
TeamworkToo::No, I simply understand that you are weak-minded and immature, and that's why you don't realize how foolish your posts are.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::and your just another idiotic homer that doesnt like to be told the truth
TeamworkToo::cowboys won the superbowl in week one - and your (should be you're) just another idiotic homer that doesnt (should be doesn't) like to be told the truth  No, it looks like you're the idiot with your grammatical errors. How can anyone take you seriously when you show your stupidity right up front?
TeamworkToo::He's just another one of the talking butt cracks that troll the ESPN boards.
RangerReb::great just great
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::i guess your going to be seeing me a bunch this season
Delontes Alter Ego::I look forward to it.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::mavs are one of the worst teams in the nba, dont get too happy pacer fans
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::poor mav homers they get butthurt when i mention the fluke season, even rick carlisle said it was a fluke season
TeamworkToo::Nothing "butthurt" about winning a championship, except for trolls like you who are apparently too immature and weak to deal with it. I guess it bugs you for whatever reason, and you have to make a fool of yourself by badmouthing a team that had success. Really childish behavior on your part.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::all of those wins came in the same season what dont you understand??? i said it was a fluke season. Understand?
TeamworkToo::Talking about a "fluke season" is about as stupid as it gets. Nothing fluke about a team getting hot at the right time. It's called team chemistry and determination, which is undoubtedly above your level of understanding.
Delontes Alter Ego::Lol, who cares... and you edited it, you loser.
RangerReb::least i do :)
RangerReb::troll - get lost we see our own issues
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::you can thank tyson chandler for tthat fluke season
TeamworkToo::cowboys won is a blabbering idiot.
Delontes Alter Ego::Swept the defending champs, beat the following year's WCF champs, beat the Heat. How the hell was that a fluke? Those don't happen in 7-game-series.
RangerReb::kaman? lol 80 year old vince- its early in the season so he looks ok but thats it in another month he won't be able to get above the rim
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::the only diff is that the mavs prob wont make the playoffs and the spurs will
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::as if dirk will stop anybody from scoring 100 on you bums the guy plays no defense
Delontes Alter Ego::Maybe not, hasn't stopped him from winning a ring before.
RangerReb::Name one scorer the mavs have except mayo who can't be counted on to get more than 15 a night?
Delontes Alter Ego::Kaman, VC's close.
RangerReb::no seriously mavs are awful and i am a mffl
--LeTs gO MaVS--::Mavs are 5-5 without Dirk. Calm down bandwagoner
--LeTs gO MaVS--::^ He's a Spurs fan
taiwandude::finally a big win for the Pacers, hopefully this turns us around and we can string together some wins.
ZRated77::Was half the Mavs team injured tonight?
RangerReb::sucks is being KIND
--LeTs gO MaVS--::Game ball goes to Murphy. HE SUCKS!
NGplayinskillz::If the Indiana Pacers can get good w/o Danny Granger in the lineup, then when he returns the Pacers will be legitimate title contenders.
Nowitzki.::Hope we can bounce back tomorrow in Cleveland.Peace out
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::Much better performance after the loss against Milwaukee.  I'm extremely pesimisstic about this team, but if they can get balance like this more than one every five games, we will be in the playoff picture.
SASpurs55::rape
--LeTs gO MaVS--::Knicks just beat the spurs by 10 with a healthy spurs team IN SAN ANTONIO. Mavs lost to the knicks by 10 IN NEW YORK with No Dirk
Nowitzki.::way to choke against the Knicks lololo
Delontes Alter Ego::We all know Murphy sucks, but this problem is worse than Murphy. Collison can't hit a jumper, and this team can't win without Dirk unless Mayo drops 25+
--LeTs gO MaVS--::Man I wish Dirk could have had that surgery before pre season. Man this sucks. Even after getting Dirk back, Mavs need to dumb Murphy
Rexanilatorz::SAM YOUNG!
--LeTs gO MaVS--::Why is Murphy still in the NBA???
NGplayinskillz::He is good basketball player but he is bad at playing his position if that makes sense. The same goes for Collison.
--LeTs gO MaVS--::Collison is 100X better than GARBAGE MuRPHY
Rexanilatorz::PENDERGRAPH!
47riley47::This really $@%!$ me, why do you lose games when in the first half we play great but you @%!$ it in the 2nd, we should be 7-2 @%!$
royhibbertgoodkisser@yahoo.com::that block on brand will go down as the moment roys season turned aroynd
hanswagner3::Roy Hibbert on BEAST mode... when we don't need him to be.
Nowitzki.::padding his stats in garbage time..lol
--LeTs gO MaVS--::Dirk come BACK!!!!
Delontes Alter Ego::I don't want to see Murphy in a Dallas uniform ever again.
--LeTs gO MaVS--::I rather have Brian Cardinal BACK. Murphy SUCKS BEYOND SUCK
flyingstilts::i miss curry
7810Michael::now thats how hibbert supposed to play its about time now lets bet the knicks
scottpilgrim33::Wow!  How was that a foul on Murphy?
Rexanilatorz::Roy!!!
Delontes Alter Ego::Pretty sure the Mavs have given up the most offensive boards off free throws in the NBA
--LeTs gO MaVS--::murphy is garbage
NGplayinskillz::Why does Paul George miss pretty much every shot every single night?
Rexanilatorz::I hope this is the game that has woken up the Pacers!
scottpilgrim33::They're getting EVERY rebound. good lord
scottpilgrim33::We only have a chance to win if we cut it to 7 with 3:00 left
jwright520::pacers bench players are actually playing like their in the nba
Delontes Alter Ego::Kaman is 4-12
Rexanilatorz::George Hill!
jwright520::hibbert is 2-10 and it seems like he's had a good game. hah
Rexanilatorz::His energy was much improved this game looks like he was trying to attack more
Rexanilatorz::Mavs have 2 points in the 4th QTR!
NGplayinskillz::Why is this the first game in which Sam Young is getting minutes?
charlieb43::20 pts in 15+ min?!?   dallas sucks donkey nuts
scottpilgrim33::Ugh disgraceful 2nd half Mavericks.
no look high five::Wheels falling off. <b>HURRY UP DIRK!!!</b>
Marmas81::Guys any lnk to see or listen this game?
JustinTimeHeHe::dude, i found a strip of hair in my burger!
Delontes Alter Ego::What happened to DC attacking the rim? Damnit
