kzwider::D-Rose will need some time to rest but I think he will be ok http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/d-rose-to-visit-back-specialist.html
Gogoberrymix6::It's official.  The Bulls are currently 30th in the NBA in SOS.  They have only played 6 winning teams in their last 23 games.  They also lost all 6 of those games, 3 losses by 15+ points.  This doesn't sound like an elite team to me
IlliniDave68::YAWN.  Get some new material, already, lame-a.ss.
IlliniDave68::The thing that a lot of folks lose sight of is that this isn't an average NBA season by any stretch of the imagination. The lockout f.ucked it up good, with guys not having time to properly prepare and 66 games being wedged into 120 days.
jemcnamara6363::Not an easy stretch for anyone, lest a team that is unfortunately getting old.  My take is that the usual suspects will be around for the Eastern Conference playoffs.  The obvious key will be how healthy any team will be and if they can get some rest for their starters.  In teh case of the Bulls, they rely so much on their bench mob that fatigue will not be the issue.  The issue for the Bulls is having that legitimate 2nd scoring option in crunch time.
Rondo is the bum of bums::I agree with this. It's gets tough for Boston in March. I think we play 20+ games on the road next month. Lol
IlliniDave68::Still pretty brutal.
Jaywashing::I just looked it up. 17 games total, 8 straight and 11 total on the road.
IlliniDave68::Ouch! That's just brutal. Bulls are coming off of that road-heavy portion, thank goodness, and play the majority of their remaining games at home. The schedule, more than anything else I think, underscores the f'd up nature of this season.
Rondo is the bum of bums::Is Rondo a bum?
IlliniDave68::Like I said, I don't like him. That said, I wouldn't call him a bum either.
Rondo is the bum of bums::Bulls fans   Please stop with this our record is better than yours stuff. Your team had the best record in the NBA and couldn't get out the East. The best record means nothing in my mind. It's what you do in the playoffs. Boston went to the Finals as a 4 seed in 2010 and 1 seed in 2008. It's about health, not seeding.
IlliniDave68::For the record, I think Rondo's a hella good baller. Don't like him but can't deny his skills.
Rondo is the bum of bums::I don't like him either.
IlliniDave68::It's OK. Enjoy this one, C's fans. The Thursday night rematch, in Chi, is coming up soon.
IlliniDave68::Have you seen me bring up Chicago's record?
yardog59::It is, I was speaking in terms of road games.
Rondo is the bum of bums::yardog59Celtics win by 4, at home, Bulls without their MVP, their 9th straight road game, 3rd game in four days; yet the Celtics fans honestly believe the Celtics are the better team? You can't be serious. The Bulls have a better road record than the Celtics have at home. Talk about delusional!! ========================  This is your comment yardog
yardog59::Where?
Rondo is the bum of bums::No, Yardog has though.
yardog59::I guess the only thing that matters in your mind is yesterdays game.
Rondo is the bum of bums::Nope, I don't care about this game either. I just want to win enough games to have a 4 or 5 seed in the playoffs and I want my team to be fully healthy.
hapatino::Last 5 games between the Heat and the Bulls:  HEAT: 5 wins, 0 losses Bulls: 0 wins, 5 losses  - LeBron's fault
IlliniDave68::Four of those games were LAST season. The past doesn't count.  Remember?  As for the one Heat win THIS season, I'm not impressed. Deng didn't play in that game and the Heat still only won by 4. At Home.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Bulls fans act like a bunch of freaking babies when their team loses.  Wow
yardog59::Good god, JZ claims the Bulls are an inferior team. How's that Boston ditch weed working for you, bud??
IlliniDave68::Every fan base has their share of short-bus riders, don't they?
yardog59::It may with some I guess.
Rondo is the bum of bums::Austin &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Seth
Dwayne_Johnson23::He's just getting underneath your skin, something he is very good at doing
yardog59::N0ot at all, just wondering why Celtics fans think they're a better team from one game?
IlliniDave68::^THIS I agree with.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Just because three or four C's fans are happy about winning doesn't mean that the entire Celtics fan base believes that.  Honestly if there's a single Celtics fan who believes that the Bulls are inferior, then they're an idiot
Rondo is the bum of bums::They're taking this loss very hard. Calm down guys. We lost to Toronto 2 days before this win but we aren't dwelling on it.
IlliniDave68::*SHRUG*  C's fans act like a bunch of world-beaters, with a 15-12 record, after beating a team by 4, AT HOME, that was playing without the reigning MVP.  FACT.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Fair enough Dave
IlliniDave68::Playing without the reigning MVP, and only losing by 4, is NOT an excuse. That's ALL I'm saying.  If you guys had to deal with all the s.hit we had to deal with, on a daily f.ucking basis, from bandwagon Heat fans, you'd be defensive too!
yardog59::Kinda like the excuses after losing by 12, to TORONTO!!!
Dwayne_Johnson23::Fact is that the Bulls lost and you're coming up with excuses left and right
yardog59::Celtics win by 4, at home, Bulls without their MVP, their 9th straight road game, 3rd game in four days; yet the Celtics fans honestly believe the Celtics are the better team? You can't be serious. The Bulls have a better road record than the Celtics have at home. Talk about delusional!!
Jdzspace::missing entire front line, big 3 were very average, 3rd game in 4 nights. and outrebounded the best rebounding team in the league, and blew them out BEFORE running out of gas.   not to mention the Bulls NEVER had the lead the entire game.   yeah, we aren't really worried about your team. maybe you should beat a winning team before talking trash.   just a suggestion
IlliniDave68::YAWN.
yardog59::They've been good, but we're talking about THIS GAME!!
IlliniDave68::What's up, sir?
Rondo is the bum of bums::yes
Rondo is the bum of bums::You must haven't seen the C's defense this year.
IlliniDave68::Here we go - the great C's fan time warp!  We've got him on the ropes, now, guys.
yardog59::Missing wide open shots had nothing to do with Bostons D. You didn't see the game?
yardog59::I'm not making excuses for one loss, just saying that the Celtics are pretty far behind the Bulls. Celtics fans are acting like they could win it all now cuz on one win from a tired Bulls team. Do you really think the Celtics could hang with the Bulls in a playoff series??
Rondo is the bum of bums::whatever. They shot 38% for a reason. Boston's defense.
yardog59::Only winning by 4 is pretty pathetic when the Bulls only shot 38%. Lucky they caught the Bulls on a bad day and you know it.
Rondo is the bum of bums::no
Jdzspace::well i'm off to work, hold it down for me Keith
Rondo is the bum of bums::Yardog  No excuses. Boston beat Orlando on the road down 27 without Rondo. We cameback and won that game. No excuses man.
Jdzspace::no excuses, we beat an inferior team that has a terrible record against winning teams.   no excuses necessary. we were short handed and tired out and still won buzzer to buzzer  it's what we do. one day you'll figure out how to do it too. ... just not this year apparently
Rondo is the bum of bums::JD is picking fights on here. Lol, What's up Illini?
yardog59::When was the last one. How many have YOU seen them win?
yardog59::At home. Bulls haven't seen their own court in three weeks.
Jdzspace::we dont' really have to, because we'll keep doing what we do. there is a reason we have 17 banners hanging in the garden.   and unlike other franchises, it wasn't due to just one guy.   owell
IlliniDave68::Stop making embarrassing yourself by making excuses, Jdz, and just admit your boys hit it lucky with Rose not playing.
Jdzspace::so, they bounced back from that game and led the Bulls wire to wire.   so yeah, again. that is what great teams do against winning teams.   when was the last time the Bulls beat a winning team?
yardog59::Get to 1st place in your own division before you start beating down the world.  Just sayin'
cardseller05::And don't like your own posts, that's embarrassing.
yardog59::Celtics lost by 12 to......TORONTO!! Thump your chest there, Nancy, they're going all the way!!
cardseller05::You have to have a frontline in the first place to be missing it.
Rondo is the bum of bums::test
KingchristopherII::okay
KingchristopherII::why is that your name.
Rondo is the bum of bums::lol
Jdzspace::because he hates the fact that the Celtics is Rondo's team, he has a "relationship" with Pierce and doesn't like accepting the truth of the matter
Rondo is the bum of bums::ask JD
KingchristopherII::hey guys its got quiet i think the bulls fans  have gone to sleep.
cardseller05::Enjoy a positive record for this year, because when the rebuilding starts, your team has absolutely nothing to show promise.  Rondo will show how worthless he is when he doesn't have the Big 3 to bail him out and stack his statline.
IlliniDave68::We know what great PG's do. We have the best, when he's healthy!
Jdzspace::what do you think Rondo did without KG in the lineup for a long time, or Ray? or Pierce? or in the playoffs?   sorry kid, but Rondo has dropped triple doubles having absolutely nothing to do with the big 3.   open your eyes kid, Rondo's greatness has nothing to do with the big 3. there is a reason why players seem to get better when they play for the Celtics. . .  .. Rondo makes others better.   that is what great PGs do. deal with it
cardseller05::You must play fantasy instead of actually watch games.  Don't worry, you'll see how clueless he is on the court with average players rather than all-stars.  Mo Williams is a classic example of how it works when your PG has to play with average players.
Jdzspace::Rondo has had amazing stats with and without the big 3.   you do realize the big 3 had very average games and he still pulled out 15 assists right?   sorry junior, that line of argument has been disproven time and time again.   get a new schtick kid
KingchristopherII::to give the bulls fans hel.l
IlliniDave68::^TRANSLATION - 'Because I have no life'.^
KingchristopherII::no bit.ch i dont want to talk to a looser who just lost so leave me the f.uck alone .
PartinRedSeas::then why are you on here?
IlliniDave68::What's a "looser"?
IlliniDave68::Ah, loud mouth C's fans. Haven't had to deal with them for a while.  Can't wait for Thursday night at our place. After that, I won't have to deal with loud mouth C's fans for another while.
IlliniDave68::Not gonna happen in Chi, buddy.
adwade23::@illinidave68 i'll be right here when the celts take down the bulls
IlliniDave68::Don't know about that but I AM seeing two C's fans making absolute a.sses of themselves.
Jdzspace::I don't think you have a right, you lost. a MAN would take the loss and move on.   but then again, maybe i presume too much about you. clearly you prefer to whine and cry about things to make yourself feel better.   well, have at it then junior.   i'll get you a bib
KingchristopherII::well stay watch celtics fans celebrate
IlliniDave68::Nah. I've got a right to be here, too.
Jdzspace::you don't have to deal with Celtics fans now, you lost.   feel free to see yourself out
KingchristopherII::go back to sleep now benny the bull. shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
PartinRedSeas::that was seriously your best shot?
IlliniDave68::I'm here. Take your best shot.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Nice game by JJJ.  Some of his shots were questionable but he played well.  Gotta give Ainge credit here
KingchristopherII::he knocks down his first three almost every game.
Dwayne_Johnson23::As much as I don't like Ainge, he did pretty well in this draft.  Trading away Marshon Brooks is still a mistake though
Jdzspace::and MP3 has been cool, but he can attack the rim a little bit more. . . just saying, it is a higher quality shot some of the time
KingchristopherII::if he did not turn the ball over he would have been amazing
KingchristopherII::celtics beat bulls
KingchristopherII::gasp $@%!$ thats what your mom did when she saw my $@%!
KingchristopherII::turnovers the bulls would have been blown out of the garden if the did not turn the ball over.
IlliniDave68::Is ^THIS^ a (GASP!) excuse?!!
stompied99::Both teams looked bad, but the Celtics definitely played tougher D and deserved to win.
IlliniDave68::You don't say.
IlliniDave68::I'm a Bulls fan and am quite capable of reading the score board but thanks anyway.
IlliniDave68::But he DID say, you blind fool.
KingchristopherII::its for the bulls fans and stupid celtics haters
Jdzspace::he does not say, the scoreboard does
KingchristopherII::celtics rule bulls lost what else is going on.
IlliniDave68::My point is that saying you lost because the reigning MVP didn't play ISN'T an excuse. It's a fact.  That's just me.
Jdzspace::no, i'm saying that if Rose was in the game CJ wouldn't have scored 22, and Boozer and noah and others wouldn't score what they did because Rose would have taken most of those shots away.   that is how it works. it's not like if Rose played then they would all get the same amount of shots they ended up with. Rose in the game means others DON'T shoot as much as they did, which means they score LESS. Rose could have scored 30. ..  .they would still lose the game because others would score less.
IlliniDave68::So, you're saying you don't think Rose scores more than 4 points if he plays?
Jdzspace::it isnt' an excuse, and it isn't a reason.   what does no Rose have to do with the Bulls getting outrebounded by one of the worst rebounding teams in the league?   what does no Rose have to do with the Bulls getting held to 37% shooting?  not to mention against a team playing it's 3rd game in 4 nights, without it's entire frontline.    No Rose had an effect, but the things i just said would have been the same with or without Rose. sorry, there is no excuse.
stompied99::I'm a Bulls fan and I'm going to enjoy this year.  I don't really care about the regular season - it's just entertainment.  I really hope the team is healthy for the post-season.  It's been a weird schedule for the Bulls - they've been on the road a lot and have played a lot of crappy teams, so that's a bit of a mixed bag.  In terms of the post-season, if the Bulls are reasonably healthy, I'm not worried about the Hawks, Pacers or Celtics, but the Sixers always play the Bulls tough and until the Bulls beat the Heat in the post-season, they still have to overcome that hurdle.
KingchristopherII::thats just me
KingchristopherII::f.uck they lost again
IlliniDave68::If you guys had been playing without Rondo and Rose had played for the Bulls, with Chicago winning because of that, what would YOU be saying?  Be honest.
Jdzspace::after blowing out and then having a massive comeback vs the Magic with no Rondo, or Ray and like 3 other players.   we would say . . . . nothing. how can you after winning games like that missing half the team?   we would just move on, but that is the difference between a GREAT team... and a good team.   you think not having Rose gives you an excuse to lose, we KNOW that missing players is no excuse. . atleast for us.   different between championship mentality, and victims mentality. you'll learn one day, one day
KingchristopherII::i know
Jdzspace::Bulls fans are desperately trying to make excuses to why the Bulls have a terrible record against winning teams.
kush manbear::the raptors  enough said.
Jdzspace::they are a team in Toronto. . . .  .that isn't much of a point
Choose your member name::Rose is out and Rondo had a monster game.   And the Bulls only lost by 4. It's still a loss anyhow, but if Boston needs Rondo to go off and Rose to be out in order to win, then I think the Bulls stand in good shape.   Boston is done!
IlliniDave68::^THIS.
Jdzspace::nice that you finally understand reason.   it's just dumb to think Rose is a good defensive PG. just flat out silly.   hopefully the Big 3 come around a play better on wednesday, they havent' been great the last 3 games (as stated), but they have been much better overall this season.
Choose your member name::Pierce? The player that is averaging less than 18pts? Player of the week? Why?  Remind me again when they had an above average game? Was it the game before the Bulls, when they lost to the Raptors? Allen had only 6 points, Pierce had how many? hmmm  Maybe it was against the Lakers, where the "big 3" all shot under 50%. Oh but wait they lost again, shoot.   Wait wait, maybe when they played the bobcats. How they do in that game?  Tell me one PG that has had a good, not great but good game against DRose. DRose shuts down Rondo, Dwill, and CP3 all the time.   0-2? Really? lol
markos kolioulis::dude you now s.hit about basketball if i see you id beat you like the little b.itch you are
Jdzspace::like i said, the big 3 have been struggling for a minute. but they were their usual dominant selves for the last couple of weeks.   and like i said, Rondo averages a near triple double against Rose, he can't stop Rondo. never has, never will.   time to deal with the reality of that.   and liking your own comment is pathetic
Choose your member name::And? the Bulls were on their 9 straight road game, with 3 in 4 nights. Missing the MVP, Rip, and having Luol play with a wrapped left hand.   Have the "Big 3" been anything other than average this season? I don't think so. That's the ceiling they have at this point in their careers. With Rose in the lineup, Rondo gets shut down. And thats a fact.   I guess i'll take the moron comment as creative criticism. Thanks :)
Jdzspace::actually yes they have. Pierce was just player of the week for the conference.   and KG was dropping 20/10 games like crazy just a few games ago. not to mention Ray averaged 20ppg up until a few games ago.   so to answer your question. . .  yes, they do better than average a LOT. next question?  Rose has NEVER shut down Rondo, Rondo averages 11/11/5 vs Rose. .  . .  0-2 junior, care to try again?
Jdzspace::LMAO!!!!  the Celtics were playing their 3rd game in 4 nights, missing our entire front line, the big 3 were average at best.   yes, under those circumstances the Celtics do need Rondo to go off. fortunately those things don't happen much.   lol  moron
IlliniDave68::Speaking of excuses.
KingchristopherII::celtics beat bulls rose or no rose the bulls still lost a win is a win and a loss is a loss
KingchristopherII::hey you guys are awesome two on one still winning
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::Hey you like your own status and nobody else does, you're losing.
KingchristopherII::duh
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::wow thats deep. you really know your basketball.
KingchristopherII::ops
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::a loose is a loose??? LOL!!!!!!!
KingchristopherII::should be.
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::Oh please don't!!!! I'll be SOOOOOO embarrassed!!!!! :(
KingchristopherII::hush now before i tell them about your bedtime problem
Jaywashing::Damn, the quality of discourse on here really disintegrates after, like, 8 or 9 am.
Jdzspace::these aren't real Bulls fans talking trash, just the fairweather trolls . so they don't really count
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::God I hate those kinds of fans!!!
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::Props on the mad vocab skills!!!
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::Wow!!! You sound like a BEAST!!!!
KingchristopherII::f.uck that i talk like this in real life im 6 2 what should i be scared of
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::oh
Jdzspace::people can't reach through computers junior. this is a safe place to be as stupid as you can be.   have at!
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::Well I would talk trash, but you just sound so tough, I would be afraid you would beat me up or something :(
Jdzspace::to prove my point. . . here is some Laker trash! lol  good times
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::Rondo = Smeagle and ET's love child
yardog59::Bulls lose by 4 without their reigning MVP. If the Celtics were all dat, they would have won by at least 15. Bulls have a strong bench and are the clear favorites in the East. Anyone claiming that the Celtics even have a glimmer of hope to win it all needs to boost their meds.
KingchristopherII::okay they were 1 in the east and 1 in the nba last year and lost 4 to 1 the bulls were
Jdzspace::we were winning by 15.   but after 3 games in 4 nights with the travel they had, they ran out of gas.   but were still able to outrebound the best rebounding team in the league without our centers playing.   no team is perfect, but still
Jdzspace::that's nice, the Celtics just came off of a back to back after a stretch of 11 games in 16 days.   what's your point? both teams were worn down. the difference is, the Celtics were missing a ton of players and still outrebounded the best rebounding team in the league, and with the big 3 playing sub par STILL smooshed the Bulls.
yardog59::The Bulls played their 9th consecutive road game with 3 games in 4 nights.
KingchristopherII::celtics win it all
KingchristopherII::how about you lick my a.ss
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::eeewwwwwwwww!!!!!!!!!
KingchristopherII::look at your lives and think in 5 years you might see me on espn none of you can hoop and you have no lives .
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::How about you take a grammar course. Your lack of intelligence offends me.
KingchristopherII::how but you go get a job so and come work for me and wipe my a.ss b.itch
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan:::(
KingchristopherII::to bad and you did not so shut the f.uck up
yardog59::Your mouth in a circle shape is not "Hoopin".
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::I could have gone pro if it weren't for my bum knee!
PartinRedSeas::...on 2k12..on easy mode...with a fantasy draft...and no salary cap...and a 99 overall created player
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::lol!!!!
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::the imagination  of a child is a wonderful thing. lol
Pack_2_win::Bulls swept Heat last year in reg season, right?  Ah, the regular season.
heartmeetsground::....and Rondo still wishes he made the Olympic team.  D.Rose #1
heartmeetsground::He knew he had NO CHANCE.
Jdzspace::no, you saw how his game improves in this game. you'll continue to see it though. all-star games dont' mean much when your chasing championships
heartmeetsground::HaHa. That's what I thought.
heartmeetsground::Okay, we'll see how well he improved his game at the All Star game...oh,wait.
Jdzspace::that, or he wanted to spend more time improving his game for the season ahead.   that just makes sense.   grow up junior
Jdzspace::yah, that's why he dropped out and left.   moron
Dwayne_Johnson23::calm down
Who_Through_Pooh::Boston is just lucky we didn't unleash the White Mamba and the Turkish Hammer yesterday. Saving those two come playoff time.
yardog59::KingchristopherII, trolling is for the weak.
KingchristopherII::lunch break
KingchristopherII::bit.ch i am your father bit.ch so im telling you to sit on your as.s and have no life go out and watch me hoop we know you cant hoop. you would not be on here if you did so shut the $@%! up.
PartinRedSeas::but wait your on here also...so youre saying you cant hoop either then??
KingchristopherII::left handed bi.tch go .fu.ck your self
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::don't think your mom would aprove of your potty mouth MR. thats a time out for you
KingchristopherII::so im 15 i can do what ever i want
KingchristopherII::yea bit.ch got a problem
KingchristopherII::um no thats you and my moms dead so fuc.k you
yardog59::We know that you're actually 26, live in your mom's basement, are unemployed, overweight and your right hand is very, very tired.
PartinRedSeas::he can do whatever he wants...but only after mommy puts in the password for the computer
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::whatever you want when your 15? LOL
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::I'm already fed up with Boozers poor play and then he goes and paints hair on his head. wtf Boozer
Pack_2_win::iTzDiRkFoR3 Rondo is a better PG than Rose will ever be. ************* You must weigh more than Whitney Houston.  Otherwise, that dosage would have killed you.
Jdzspace::well you have to understand kid, Rose isn't a great PG. he is a great SG. Rondo is about 10x the PG Rose is.   Rose is a better player *duh*, and a better scorer *duh again*  but as a point guard. . . no contest
hapatino::Celtics beat Bulls. Rose out with a back injury.  - LeBron's fault
KingchristopherII::im 15
KingchristopherII::your mom was over last night called me big daddy
yardog59::He was laid twice this morning already, his hand is tired now.
PartinRedSeas::then go get laid
KingchristopherII::its your fault bi.cth
Who_Through_Pooh::Kingchristopher, you need to get a job son.
yardog59::There's that tough guy again.
yardog59::You're an idiot   - Your moms fault!
yardog59::You know your team is the absolute best when fans from other teams come a trolling. Troll what you fear most I guess.
Who_Through_Pooh::Are you high?
hapatino::Yep, that would be the HEAT. The amount of trolls and haters on every HEAT topic is insane - and wonderful at the same time.
Who_Through_Pooh::D Rose, starting point guard in the All Star game. Rondo, not even on the team. Nough said. $@%! Rondo. $@%! Boston.
Jdzspace::that is the dumbest thing i've heard in a long time. making the all-star team doesn't mean your great and not making it doesn't mean your not great.  see Mo Williams all-star game, and Roy Hibbert not playing in it.   that's just a dumb thing to suggest
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::somebody's upset^
Jdzspace::Rondo is probably the 3rd best PG in the league behind (as usual) Nash and Paul.   nobody else really compares from a point guard perspective
yardog59::^^^^Somebody is honest, JB. Learn the difference.
RyanCarranza::Somebody is upset Rondo is in his place when it comes to the point guard discussion^^^
iTzDiRkFoR3::Rondo is a better PG than Rose will ever be.  Rondo is a true PG always looking to pass first... Rose looks for his shot first.
KingchristopherII::like derrick rose when they could have bet the heat a few weeks back. missed both free throws did he not and the bulls lost to the heat again
hapatino::Last 5 games HEAT - BULLS:  Heat: 5 wins, 0 losses Bulls: 0 wins, 5 losses  Can't handle the HEAT?
KingchristopherII::rondo has got his midrange know smart a.ss watch basketball and you will see
Jdzspace::he shot pretty well in this game if i do say so myself
KingchristopherII::working on it
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::If Rondo could actually shoot he might have himself an MVP
Who_Through_Pooh::Let's see how consistent he is going forward son.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Rondo hit 4 clutch FTs to put the bulls away. thats really pathetic.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::it's short range and he is just not a good shooter.  great player but not a good shooter.
Who_Through_Pooh::Rondo has no shot and is an embarrassment on the free throw line. Pathetic.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::LOL. yeah the guy who cant shoot is better than the MVP.  lol
Jdzspace::you do understand that it's not a PGs job to shoot right? that is what the SHOOTING guards job is.   i know you might be confused since your team has 4 shooting guards and no point guards
KingchristopherII::i dont know why the bulls fans keep talking shi.t about the celtics being old and getting bet by the in 5 games nobody in this chat has said how the bulls did the same thing and lost 4 to 1
KingchristopherII::fu.ck you bit.ch you should be
KingchristopherII::yes im 15
yardog59::r et ard
yardog59::Internet fighting = Special Olympics!  You may win, but you're still a freakin' $@%!$@!!
RyanCarranza::Are you 15 years old?
KingchristopherII::bi.cth get smart with me and im going to lite your as.s up
JAYtheunsunghero::lol  a classic internet tough guy
yardog59::Dude, learn to spell before you even mention the word "Smart"
RyanCarranza::We are all so scared of you and your keyboard.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::havnt seen anything about what your talking about on here. duhhhh
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::<b>Does Boston try to sign J.R Smith?</b>
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::are there any more bigs out there that we can afford? I see rebounding being an issue in the playoffs
Jdzspace::we don't have the money
Jdzspace::Here is the SUPER impressive thing. is that without JO or Bass (our starting/reserve Centers), outrebounded the best rebounding team in the East (and really the league).   and again, that was on the 3rd game in 4 days. THAT is impressive. nothing you can say to take that away. and given the struggles of the Celtics on the glass, that speaks volumes of their effort after a tough loss
cardseller05::Bulls shot 38% from the field, of course you're going to outrebound them you dumb $@%!.  I'd be more worried that you only out rebounded the Bulls by 2 when they missed so many shots.  What a dumb point to try and make.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::JO sucks and bass is a bench player. if you have your big four out there your good to go. it's not like missing starters and your best player
Jdzspace::that is the difference between a good team and a great team. when players go down, others step up in their place.   and JO is good for 8-10 rebounds and 2 blocks. everynight. and that would have been huge against the Bulls.   and Bass has had a ton of 15/8 games consistently. so yes, they are pretty good on a regular basis. especially on the glass, but our young guys stepped up and made it happen. which is impressive
RyanCarranza::But they are not your best players... They are not.  You know it.  Not taking away credit to their efforts last night because they showed up, but would they on a nightly basis?
Jdzspace::they ARE our starters. they split the starting duties and they are our centers. so outrebounding your squad without them is impressive. since your team is supposed to be the best. .  . or was anyways. until yesterday.   not to mention the whole 3rd game in 4 nights thing.   sorry kid, you can't touch that one. it was impressive
RyanCarranza::That is impressive indeed!  Now try 9 road games in 14 days without Rose for nearly half and Hamilton for the entire stretch and still winning 6 out of 9.
Jdzspace::since you didn't beat a team with a winning record. .. . it is impressive. but not by much
RyanCarranza::I'm talking about being impressive... How is that an excuse?  It's an accomplishment!
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::stop with the excuses. makes your team look weak.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::"Thats only because we didnt have Rose"  -Bulls fan
Jdzspace::Rose not being there has nothing to do with the rebounds. so can't whine about that. lol  especially missing 2 bigs like we were, who averaged 10+ rebounds as a unit and a few blocks.   that is probably the lone bright spot i see in this game outside of JJ, Avery and Wilcox coming to play
KingchristopherII::the heat cheated and we were going to beat them when rondo tried to come out wade hurt his a.ss.
hapatino::Cheated? Please explain
KingchristopherII::yea bit.ch okay
RyanCarranza::Okay...
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::JB_Smoove<sup>tm</sup>
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::<b>Just think, where would we be if it werent for sports? I love arguing with fans of other teams lol. <sup>just wanted to say that.</sup></b>
10 10 10 20s and them 50s bitch::"Kiss my ring D-rose"  -rondo
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::We were right in there at the end. but thats D Rose time. instead of rose closing the game Watson and company were just chuckin up threes.
RyanCarranza::Horrible game for the Bulls... Offensive rebounds kept the game close.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::<b>Bulls are satisfied with regular season records. All their fans talk about is "best record in the East", like that meant something last year when they got embarrassed by the Heat.</b>
RyanCarranza::Reg season matters for better positioning in the playoffs... Something the Celtics seem to have forgotten about.  "Yeah lets make the playoffs and use our old back court and run this..."  Not gonna happen anymore.
RyanCarranza::Exactly... Who doesn't want home court?
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::it's still an advantage that you want and any team would love to have.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Wasnt boston the #1 seed when they won it?
Jdzspace::when was the last time the number 1 seed won the championship?
RyanCarranza::Try what, again?  You are telling me a number seed with home court is not an "advantage"?
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::seeding isnt as important as health. try again.
Pack_2_win::So you're a Mavs fan?  Congrats on your world championship last year.  You guys embarrassed the Heat.
sean8567::Didnt Boston get embarassed by the Heat too. ?????
sean8567::That sound like excuses
Pack_2_win::Oh, so now it matters to have a PG...Boston fans don't think it mattered yesterday.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::We didnt have a pg. Rondo played with one arm.
RyanCarranza::They did indeed...
KingchristopherII::celtics got more rings than rose and lebron or any celtics haters so drop dead.
vmanetti15::They will kick the bulls A.ss in the playoffs buddy talk to u when we are walking around the TD garden @ the championship parade
RyanCarranza::I'll totally do that...
KingchristopherII::$@%! the bull and their ugly $@% players carlos boozer looks gay with his new eyebrows sissy got his eyebrows arched
RyanCarranza::That's awesome... But where is your response to my question?
vmanetti15::thank u
RyanCarranza::That's great... But will they get one this year?  Are they in a position right now to win one this year?  This is year is what counts... When these current Celtics retire... then you can praise their accomplishments of their career
KingchristopherII::yes we are you hating as.s bitc.h we can take the bulls with a healthy line up last we did not have when wade broke rondo elbow.
Tysonchicken108::Dang, that stat line for Rondo is very impressive. Carried the team on his back
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Rondo put the team on his back doe!
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::<b>Rose and Rip being out had nothing to do with Jujuan and wilcox taking care of business. Stop making up excuses. The best teams find ways to win through injuries.</b>
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::it had a lot to do with the way we closed out the game. we had no closer.
RyanCarranza::Boston lost to the Bulls the first time they played this season... What were your excuses...?
Jdzspace::nah, the refs were fine. they make some terrible calls in every game. it is what it is
RyanCarranza::I'm sure you thought the refs were paid off...
Jdzspace::take your pick. the 5 players we were missing. Pierce playing hurt.   the Bulls have yet to legitimatley beat Boston.   granted, the Celtics were short handed again in this game. But can't really say we beat the Bulls at their best, the fact that we did missing who we were missing and playing the 3rd game in 4 days says a lot though
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::yeah right. lol don't believe that at all. lol
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::I had none. just said we'll get them next time and we did. try again.
sean8567::Best team lol lol. Their like a 6 or 7 seed lol
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::I was talking about your bulls.
RyanCarranza::Exactly
sean8567::Rondo stinks. Switch Rose and Rondo, if Rondo plays for the Bulls they barely sneak into the playoffs maybe 7 or 8 seed. If Rose plays for the Celtics, their a threat to win the championship
sean8567::Ur so smart saying Boston is one of the elite teams in the NBA LOL
Jdzspace::where did anyone say that?   are you high?
Jdzspace::not really. the Celtics don't need another SG. we dont' work as well without a REAL point guard.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Another idiotic comment made by sean5867.
Pack_2_win::Congrats Celtics. You edged out the Bulls...at home...without their 2 starting guards...one which happens to be the reigning MVP...  Big win Boston!
vmanetti15::look dude what r u talking about?? r u retarted??? the lakers had kobe.. still one 0of the best in the NBA with pau Gasol and d Fish and u act like Bynumm sucks ?? hes not bad
Jdzspace::it is big! thanks!  on our 3rd game in 4 nights, without either of our centers, with the big 3 having an average game and we still blew out the BUlls before running out of gas in the 4th. . still had enough to close them out.   it is a big win. those games at the end of those 4 or 5 night stretches like this are very good.
KingchristopherII::like it man
sean8567::Boston got a ring only bc they beat a andrew bunumless lakers team troll
ynot1825::tired of that excuse.......
KingchristopherII::thats more than you lebron and derrick rose put together boy get big or shut the fu.ck up
vmanetti15::shut up well c u in playoffs.. talk to me when d rose gets a ring
Pack_2_win::No you shut up!  jerkface!
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Bulls fans have nothing better to do other than play the "IF" game. haha
sean8567::Yea the Celtics are so good lol. troll
Jdzspace::lol. ..i love it. Bulls fans acting like the Celtics suck after losing. good times
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::<b>Rondo going off had nothing to do with Rose being out. He went off because he had a horrible game against the Raptors and Doc told him to step it up.</b>
Sportsfanatic3379::The two best teams in the EC are the Bulls and Heat. The rest are canon fodder.
Sportsfanatic3379::Once the Bulls get healthy... They will beat some good teams.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Ok charles
Jdzspace::the Bulls aren't that great. there is a reason they haven't beaten a good team all year. hell, the Celtics missing half of the team has a better record against winning teams than the Bulls.   there is no team in the top of the East that is that much better than the rest right now
Sportsfanatic3379::What teams in the East are better than the Heat or Bulls? I don't see any other teams but the Heat or Bulls representing the East in the Finals.
Jdzspace::neither the Heat or the Bulls are unbeatable. that is the nature of the league this year, there is no "super team" in the league. the Bulls have yet to beat a winning team, so they don't pose as big of a threat as you seem to think they should.   and the Heat have always been a massive joke
Sportsfanatic3379::You know that it's the truth.
sean8567::The Celtics barley won without Rose and Rip playing for the Bulls. If they played, the Bulls would win by 30.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::You act like the Celtics didnt have injuries.
KingchristopherII::thanks man love the support and hating .
sean8567::Good job Celtics beating a Bulls team without their star player.
Jdzspace::IT is good. we had average games by the big 3, missing our front line and playing the 3rd game in 4nights.   it is impressive. the Celtics blew out the Bulls. ..  .then ran out of gas a little bit at the end. . .but then just closed them out.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Lets play the "IF" game.
nygiants731::bulls would of on with rose in and bulls still the better team!!!!
vmanetti15::IF BOSTON CAN GET HOT @ THE RIGHT TIME THEY WILL GO TO THE FINALS...THEY ARE CAPABLE OF BEATING THE BEST OF THE BEST
vmanetti15::dude??? Boston played 3 straight games??????? and we are missing O neil and Bass????? plus there best player pierce did nothing???? And we can beat the knicks anyday..as proven last year??? see u boys in the finals.
RyanCarranza::Bulls are without Rose and Hamilton... 9 road games in 14 days and still ended up going 6 out of 9... Please show me when the Celtics do that.
KingchristopherII::the kincks suck they have not played any good teams yet wtf i am sick of lin the teams that they have played dont even have good p.gs d fisher what is he like 50.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::Yeah they can beat the best teams as long as the best teams don't have there best player and are on the last game of a nine game road trip.
Jdzspace::correction, the Celtics beat one of the best teams missing our front line, off average games from the big 3 with rookies playing big minutes on playing the 3rd game in 4 days.   care to try again? LMAO
RyanCarranza::Based on your logic... So can the Knick's...
RyanCarranza::Junior...? The Bulls are without Rose and Hamilton... Who are a hell of a lot better than your precious O'niel and Bass... Beat your Celtics already this season and have a fantastic record.  Celtics have some catching up to do... Junior.
Jdzspace::not really. the Knicks are a  huge joke. the Celtics are a championship team that has been proving people wrong for YEARS and making deep playoff runs.   your just not making any sense junior
