Michael Vann Wilson::Going to the game tonight! BUZZ CITY!
John Jones::First! Bobcats take it at home.
T.c. Brown::Can't wait til the Charlotte community realizes we have a playoff team on our hands this year.
Samuel Fisher::"I can't wait till my contract is up" - K Walker
Aaron Julius::Hope Kemba can play for a contender within a few seasons. This team continues to be a complete mess.
Matthew Lane Yack::Tr3y Burke about to go off!
Alex Webb::Trey Burke: 20 pts, 4 ast, 0 TO Kemba Walker: 20 pts, 4 ast, 5 TO
Jr Lopez::Not a fan of either team but both are good pgs.
Steven Amos Roush::Trey's assist to turnover ratio is awesome. I am so excited to have him here!
Matt Elmore::Trey Burke shoots 39% FROM THE FIELD. Don't even try to make a claim that he is somehow better than Kemba Walker; you sound like an idiot
Michael Gallemore::Woah, I actually like the new logo. Can't wait.
Mang Artemio::wow loosing to utah? not good.... smh
Ryan Strebel::Coming from a Bobcats fan?  Any win for the Bobcats is unexpected!
Ryan Strebel::The Bobcats record as a franchise is 263-486!  When you've nearly doubled your wins with loses, you're only pretending when think you should have won!
Parker McMillan::yea mang artemio you guys suck
Kevin Bettens::Charlotte are terrible
Denniz Rodman::what???
Torrey Bosco::Kemba puts up 40 tonight
Matt Elmore::I'm interested to see what Utah is going to do in the draft this year. IMO I think they're set at PG (Burke), SG (assuming that's where they want Hayward to play in the long-term) and PF (Favors). Hypothetically, if we assume they get the #1 pick, they can draft Wiggins or Parker, move Hayward to the 2 and pair Favors with Kanter at the 4 and 5. Or, if they're not sold on Kanter as a 5, they can draft Embiid, move Hayward to the 3 and start Burks (or a "3 and D" type SG i.e. somebody like Sefolosha, that can keep Burks as the primary playmaker off the bench).
Peter Knowe::LIKE the cats at home against no defense and limited offense Jazz, Hawks ripped them last night Cats on 3 game win streak, make it 4 in a row, Jazz have rookie point guard, not ready to defend on NBA level on the road
Dana Rock::Let's see, Walker had 5 turnovers and Trey Burke had 0.
Alex Webb::Al Jefferson is still the laziest player in the NBA. Also, since Trey Burke returned from injury and has played starter's minutes, Jazz are 7-8.
Dave Green::The Jazz need to force Al Jefferson to defend the pick and roll all night. We know he can't defend it.
Peter Knowe::Jazz cant defend at all recently
Tyler Hess::Which PF should start for the Utah Jazz, Marvin William or Enes Kanter?
Nick Hoeth::Kemba Walker going to be the most improved player of the year
Denniz Rodman::C'mon Cats! 4 in a row!
