Doug::Michael Carter-Williams and Steve Adams should have gone 2 and 3 in last years draft behind Victor Oladipo.  I wish MCW and Oladipo were playing in the Western Conference.  MCW is the perfect fit along side Damian Lillard in Portland.  I can't believe Olshey passed on him to draft C.J. McCollum an under sized 2 guard in a point guards body, and without a point guards quickness I might add.  Philadelphia fans your team has a bright future with MCW leading the way.  You got the number 2 player in the draft with the eleventh pick!
Greg::76ers management and coaching staff are doing a great job. The 76ers have (3) 2010 number one draft picks from other teams Daniel Orton, Elliot Williams, James Anderson, that were cut and then Evan Turner with there on pick plus undrafted free agents..PRICELESS
Clark Kent::Please, please, PLEASE Philadelphia, show all the holes in other teams' scouting and development. Their team is mostly composed of castoffs (Anderson, Orton, Williams, and undrafted rookies Thompson and Davies) and these guys are totally talented enough to succeed. Also, they were great at staying patient on Evan Turner. Building dynasties from scraps is what sets an organization apart from the rest (the Spurs are the other team that's really good at that), and it's a very, very useful part of engineering success. I'm actually a Celts fan, so it is to my chagrin to root for a rival, but if they're going to try to succeed by this strategy, I have no reservations supporting the franchise.
acenando::luke ridnour  cant score and defend zaza cant defend and score carlos delfino only time his good is when 3 s are going in oneal cant defend these gm has a great neck for getting people that cant play basketball
Soldier::Let's see now.  Leading by 10 with 2 minutes to go.   Let's run down the court and have the least likely player to make a shot shoot from 25 feet. We've got at least one player capable of driving the lane and maybe drawing a foul without losing the ball. And he shoots about 85 percent from the line. But nope, he's on the bench.
seth::Glad to see Butler is feeling better after that hard foul that left on the floor hard in Orlando.
Merlin::O.J. Mayo has a serious confidence problem. He's a shooter, but he doesn't shoot..
Commenter::Milwaukee....did they NOT see Mayo's games last season?.....LMAO
tim n::missed free throws almost put this game completely out of reach if it wasnt for that incredibly lucky shot by hawes , (not to mention the two other threes he hit late in the fourth) , big spence earning that 8 mill this season lol
jammin400::Or not.  What a shot by Hawes.  Ridnour missed 1/2 and left the door open.  Let's see what Philly can do in OT with MCW fouled out.  Great game so far.
