russells::New ownership or this is a sinking ship for years to come.
Jeff::laker fan since 1970, what a sad sight. even without all the injuries .500 team at best. started to go south when the greatest gm of all time J. West left, he was responsible for putting the pieces together, this could be the end of anything good happening for a while, Kobe fan, but very selfish to do that deal, come on 24.5 million, take less and hope to rebuild, K. Love coming could help but i am sure jim buss will screw that up, hate to be negative but this is a train wreck.
captinkool::"Again", Whats it going to take to get rid of the monopolyman It,s clear he cant coach the players dont have any respect for or  his wack system and Lakers can all but forget about PJ comeing back I dought if he wants to coach again he,s almost 70 I bet he,s injoying seeing  everyone kick the lakers #$%$ because he knows if he had his way the team would be playing well over 500 ball and some of the good players the lakers had would have never left, but Jim "the drunk" buss is to stupid and to drunk all the time to understand winning basketball what a F%$#EN JERK,I dont know who is more stupid are the bigest alcohallic Jim Buss or Mark Davis the raiders owner.
Clipperdude::Not that there are any Laker fans left. But here are a few facts.You complain about your team being hurt. But your  team was counting on a sg in his mid 30's coming off an achilles tear faster than anyone in history and being the same player as when he tore it. No back up plan whatsoever. You know how you tear and achilles? Too much wear on the tendon. Do you know how it is fixed? they take the tendon that is left and stretch it thinner and reattach it. So you had say 12 inches of achilles and it tore at 8 inches from overuse. You take that old tendon and stretch it from 8 inches to 14 inches to reattach. Yeah you want to depend solely on that guy being just as good as before.
Larry::The best HS basketball game ever played- I traveled over 800 miles to see this game as I was in Michigan at the time.    Brooklyn, NY-    World B Free(then Lloyd Free) vs Phil Sellers--- Canarsie HS vs Jefferson HS- Jefferson won by 2 in double OT.  Both Sellers and Free scored over 40. Few people remember this since Sellers was not much of an NBA player... but he played college ball at Rutgers, and in his senior season , they went 26-0 and to the final four. Unfortunately, they then played Michigan at the Spectrum- I knew they had no chance as Mich had a very solid team and played tenacious defense.  Mich scored the first 18 points of that game and killed them- it was the worst college game that Sellers ever played. Unfortunately, Indiana and Kent Benson- a player I despised killed Michigan in the championship game the following Monday.
RiverRat::I laugh when I read about the Lakers "tanking" this season, like they could do anything else with the current roster. Even with a healthy Kobe Bryant, Steve Nash, Steve Blake and Jordan Farmar they are no better than a .500 team
DDOG::I take pride in think I know more than everybody else.
DDOG::Trade everybody but Kobe.
DDOG::Lottery is the way to go trust me.
DDOG::Lottery time I'll eat to that.
