John Osaki Jr.::The Wolves have plenty of talent to eventually become a high seed in the playoffs particulary if Ricky Rubio can develop a decent jumpshot. Big-time Rubio and Kevin Love fans check them both out in Dominique Wilkin's chapter and Blake Griffin's pojected rankings of the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Alex Kies::Is Kevin Martin OK?  Like, does he need a hug?  Did he get dumped?
Nik Budig::love with the first ever 50-50 night!!
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Landon Pike::For the love of god , I wish we would stop starting prince, bayless and miller both have more points and rebounds wit the same amount of pt mins. We need to have a better ,faster first half start. Our first half is always slow and terrible. It sucks need to come out swinging early to get going.
Graham Horobetz::I agree, Prince is a smart player with experience. However the years have caught up with him. It's evident on his line drive jump shots. He should come off the bench and be used as a leader. Bayless at the 2 and Miller at the 3 maybe.
James Allen::Grizziles loose another game at home.  Don't know why this owner came in and destroyed this team with his bad decisions.  Wake up Memphis.  See the big picture.  The owner does not want to team to win in Memphis.  Now he will start trading star player.
Patrick Foote::The Grizz wont go anywhere with Tayshawn Prince as a starter. He had a nice career but currently is HORRID. second worst starter in the league behind Perkins.
Ben Lang::I think I would take a flaming sack of garbage instead of tayshaun prince as a floor spacer at this point.
Nik Budig::If the wolves can shoot 70% tonight i think they can win this game.
Joseph Barton::I hope we are not too far out of it to come back when Marc gets back
Steven C Niska::Wolves would be tied for 3rd in the East...
Devin Baranick::I feel like the NBA should do something about this...So many good hard-working teams in the west wont get rewarded with playoff spots while garbage teams in the east almost all get in.
Chase Tyler::Devin is spot on. You shouldn't just get it because you luck out and play in a crappy conference. Completely unfair.
Joe Coburn::Pek destroy Randolph. Pek smash.
Joe Coburn::What in gods name is Barrea doing?
Joe Coburn::OMG, get Barrea out fo the game...
Joe Coburn::Wolves win.
Matt Elmore::Not hating on the Wolves, but ESPN did a silly 5-on-5 comparison of players, and those writers claimed that Kevin Martin is better than Kobe. Listen, Kevin Martin is a nice player and can give you some points, but tonight's box score is a prime example of why there should never be a discussion with those two players in the same sentence. 0 points, 2 rebounds, 1 assist, and he was benched for the majority of the game due to ineffectiveness.
Jeffrey Reed::He was icing his knee all night and wasn't really a participant. Kobes inefficiency is what opens him up to comparisons with efficient scorers who score less than he does.
Jared Keen::Did I miss something, Schved gets a flagrant foul on a shot, and he only gets 1 FT + Possesion, thought it was meant to be 1 for flagrant and 1 for shooting and ball again?
T Michael Olson::They counted the FG due to goal tending. So it was an and 1 situation where we got to keep the ball due to the flagrant.
Jared Keen::T Michael Olson , Should be 2 IMO, if you get fouled on a shot, its 1 FT, if you get a flagrant at any other time its 1 shot + ball again, so if you were going to flagrant foul someone then doing it on a shot is better than during normal play, and during a shot is normally much more dangerous etc.
Jared Keen::Question of the day, How many fines/warnings for flopping from this game, seen atleast 3-4 flops in this one now on both sides .
Joe Coburn::Huge game tonight. I'm thinking wolves bring home the win. Memphis is just too beat up with too many of their players.
Greg Bosgraaf::Yeah probably, hopefully Ed Davis and Tony Allen will be more acclimated to the game after the injuries. I could see this going either way.
Pat Rick-James Nelsen::Wolves need to get Budinger and Turiaf back.  The bench has been dreadful this year
Jared Keen::I think Dieng needs more minutes. Hes shown some promise already, id prefer him getting a solid 10mins per night instead of Cunningham. Shabazz and AJ Price a few more mins also, would be good if we can get Love, Pek, Rubio and Martins minutes down to 30 most nights, theyve seemed tired at the end of too many close games. Shabazz I still think could come good, hes atleast playing better than bennet! But he needs minutes. Bud is only a few weeks away now though so that will be great.
Lampros Kolokouras::i think it's time for Memphis to let  David Joerger go!! he is destroying the team.
Joe Coburn::They call that a foul on pek after the no call on the other end where he got mugged?
Rob Horton::If Wolves don't win this game and easily, then the coach needs to go.
Jared Keen::They are struggling because Martin is struggling to hit shots and JJ who was almost our only bench points was not hitting either. It meant any time Love and Pek struggled offensively the whole team struggled. Adelman is a awesome coach, what we do need a couple of 45-50% shooting, 10PPG bench players to help shore up the numbers, remove load from Love/Martin/Pek
Rob Horton::Jared Keen Houston didn't think he was a awesome coach.  I don't remember how many championships he's won but I do know he has lost a lot of 1st round series.
Jarrod Mauren::we NEED this W. gotta stay on track and win some ball games in a row
Joe Coburn::Time out. Get Cunningham and Barrea out of the game.
