crabcakes0009::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=83q2jku
patrickfinn70::They beat the Pistons!!!  Start chilling the Champagne!!!
Ryan 2161::Great win last night. Told you haters
Ryan 2161::Win is a Win
HardHittinWhitten::Awesome win!! Had it been 1988-91 or 2004.
Ryan 2161::Who do you root for in the NBA?
Bigmayne313::I guess so, they did play the Pistons, one of the leagues worst teams, smh
63espn1234::Knicks have losing home record, losing road record, have lost 8 of last 10 games, are giving up more points than they are scoring on average, and yet, they are the lead headline on  ESPN's NBA page because they won a game. It's pathetic. How about the Pacers and Nuggets?
boardorbust::It comical how the Knicks are at the top of any headline for the NBA...other than a story discussing what a mess they are...and what a proven disaster Carmelo is to any team he plays on.  Look at the Nuggets now....look at the Knicks now.    Any more questions?  A very talented, one-on-one, no-defense playing dude will only get you so far.
HardHittinWhitten::But his jersey is selling like HOT CAKES in the NYC area.
LennyO::What Anthony is thinking during the game..." That's 20 - 22 - 25 points"..."ohhh, and we are winning too...bonus"
42Wolverine21::man newyork don
Goldfinger5887::Folks.......you should read this......makes you think twice about eating at McDonalds........     http://usnews.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2012/01/31/10282...
HardHittinWhitten::I don't think about it even once.
forest39::knicks need a point gaurd, sixers understand value of a good pg, thats why they have two pgs that could start for most teams
marshman72986::back to work... enjoy responding to nobody if you run your mouth in my direction!!!
marshman72986::he isnt getting boards because if he watch the game he is already looking to run down the court for the easy 2 on a break away... he never sacrifices his position on a break away to rebound....
Vega84::funny thing is amare had like 3 rebounds right away early on before dissapearing.
KING KONG AINT GOT NUTTIN::Or Dumb'Toni needs to stop playing Amar'e at the 5 position when Tyson Chandler is on the bench.  The reason he isn't getting boards is because he is forced to guard opposing team's CENTERS, which is dumb.
KING KONG AINT GOT NUTTIN::"jeffries is currently coming in--- jeffries guards the center.."  And you believe Amar'e and Jeffries at the 4 and 5 are suitable.  Moron.
marshman72986::and see below where i bash you for making up nonsense about baron davis and billups... you should watch a game or 2...
marshman72986::sorry, i meant when tyson comes out, not amare
marshman72986::when amare comes out jeffries is currently coming in--- jeffries guards the center... but ok - stoudemire's career stats show that he is not a rebounder... thanks though
marshman72986::stoudemire needs to crash the boards... 4 rebounds in over 30 minutes is pathetic.  he can jump like a deer, but only wants to do it when he's scoring.
marshman72986::balkman needs more minutes.  he actually fits well in this system.  also, it is scary that melo has 1 foul in 33 minutes.  play some defense!!!!
KING KONG AINT GOT NUTTIN::Can we get a Drake "Hell Yeah, Hell Yeah, Hell Yeah" for Landry Fields?
KING KONG AINT GOT NUTTIN::Toney Douglas is averaging 2.6 assists per 23.5 minutes per game  Jeremy Lin is averaging 2.0 assists per 6.0 minutes per game  Why does Dumb'Toni have a man crush on Douglas?
marshman72986::lin is also playing vs guys that barely have a pulse at the end of the game when the knicks just so happen to be up by a bunch, put him vs a starting pg or a real back up and i think you'll understand that the stats spreadsheet you checked over doesnt tell the entire story
ACandOJ::How often are the Knicks really up a bunch??
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::because Phoney made a lot of threes last year.
_misterfurious::Now if they can just rip off another 5 in a row, they'll be back to .500.
HardHittinWhitten::Too bad the schedule doesn't look like this:  @ DET, vs. DET, vs. DET, @ DET, Vs. DET.
ThatSmartMonkey::Knicks finish the season 8-58. FACT.
Dickens Cider 101::false
Cadillac_Too_Cold::And people say Mike D'Antonie isn't a good coach, just look at how he's been able to coach all the defense out of Tyson Chandler. He's a scoring machine now.
marshman72986::not sure how 5-6 shooting makes somebody a scoring machine.... cool cadillac name though
mjoskar::Messed up.
KING KONG AINT GOT NUTTIN::Once Baron Davis comes back next week.... by April the chemistry will make the Knicks will be playing like a Top 3 contender.
KING KONG AINT GOT NUTTIN::Yeah and Billups is an Iron Man. Anyone know what happened to Billups in the critical 1st round of last years playoffs? Morons
boardorbust::"Once Baron Davis comes back next week...."....he will be back out again within 10 days of his return.  The dude is brittle as your grandma....and I don't care what age he is.  History says so.
forest39::baron Davis is by no means an answer, and if it takes them to April to get back on track they are in alot of trouble, you do realize thats two months from no and the season will almost be over at that point
marshman72986::when did anyone not realize the comparison of an age difference that was never brought up anywhere on this page?  i think a fair assesment is chauncey billups = currently playing  baron davis = currently injured on the bench.... the dude is just hoping for somebody to come back that can run the point, like billups was able to do... but this time, it is somebody that runs the point similar to the way that d'antoni needs it run, as opposed to billups who would take the full 8 seconds to get the ball over half court
KING KONG AINT GOT NUTTIN::Baron Davis= 32 years old  Chauncey Billups= 35 years old  Funny you don't realize this.
mjoskar::This much hope in B Davis. That's funny.
bmosheman::Knicks won and Melo had a decent night shooting.  Good for them and him.
HardHittinWhitten::And good for Detroit for being on the schedule.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::Knicks are still garbage. They won come close to shooting 60% consistently. That's why Antoni's system is trash. On the few nights you get hot, you put up a ton of points, but so does the other team...and no team cannot maintain that shooting % over a course of a season.
agoods03::They only gave up 86.  They actually play defense this year, just forgot to play offense.
forest39::knicks suck, they should look at the sixers and see how a real team plays, which would be like a team  its the pistons, sixers beat them without any of their centers, they were on their third center tony battie, and the sixers still bullied them around the entire game with iggy getting the triple double, pistons suck, this win means nothing unless they start beating all teams they are better then like this
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::THEY PLAYED LIKE SH*T!  37%FG and they took FORTY THREE 3pters. I swear some people just dont get it
nba is the worst::Offensively they played well enough vs the heatles, but Chandler was the only guy playing D.  I don't hate the Knicks, but it's truly sad for you fans that Dolan is so dumb - the team before the trade would be killing it this season!
agoods03::They played pretty well vs Miami without Melo and Amare being non-existent.  I understand you clearly hate the knicks but they have the talent.
nba is the worst::It was the Pistons. They've had the easiest schedule in the league - so it isn't them playing defense (with the exception of Chandler), it's playing crap teams.
nycpratl::Looking at the next 10 games Knicks's record will look about the same as today.  And that assumes they can beat teams like NJ, WAS, TOR and SAC.  Hard to see this club making the playoffs even in the weak eastern conf.  We can hope that the executive team is looking ahead to next year with a new coach and different cast of characters.
jjankins1906::http://theklowntimes.net/2012/01/27/coaching-is-not-knicks-only-problem/
Cinnasnootzer::Marshmallow can be good.  He just can't get up the desire to do it often enough.
Teh_Juice::A team of this caliber shouldn't be proud of 'rolling' over a team like Detroit. This is expected of this team. The Knicks are horrible this year, there is no chemistry. I think they're biggest problem is that this isn't the right team for d'Antoni's style of coaching. They need someone who will run the floor
Teh_Juice::he's practicing again, but i don't think he is the answer moving forward.. he can def help this season
agoods03::PG.
nba is the worst::Too bad Billups isn't still around...  Baron planning to play this year at all?
TerryHoudini::The media sure does milk the 2 championships the knicks won way back during the Nixon administration.
Cinnasnootzer::Stewart Scott has his eye on the Knicks
mark35345::It;s funny that only Knick fans celebrate wins over the worst teams in the NBA (Bobcats and Pistons) and seem to think the tide is turning. It's this same delusion that equates success with Baron Davis. You can't underestimate the Knicks - that's the problem - visiting teams have more to play for in Madison Square Garden than the home team.
Minoli87::Pistons really need to start rebuilding, they're going nowhere with this roster. Trade Stuckey, Prince, Gordon, Wallace, Maxiell, and Villanueva to try and at least get more talent there to match those salaries. $40 mil to spend
WOOTPANCEONFIRE::trade Jeremy Lin while his value is up.
RickyBobby84::Can't say I aint too mad at where the Knicks are now record wise.  This team needed an EGO check since the season began.  We got embarrased by bad teams, our offense was bad and our stars not playing to their potential.  Hopefully we start playing at a higher level and climb back up in our division.    Don't underestimate this team, once they start rolling and gaining momentum, Watch Out!
crumandforster::Now if the Knicks could play the Pistons 40 more times this season...
agoods03::So Melo only shoots 15 times and scores 25 yet you people are still hating on him?
Teh_Juice::are you kidding me? Melo scores 25 against a very sorry team and you want us to praise him?? Melo is expected to do this, to almost everyone.
stillmaticc4::Its one game! Against a D league team
nba is the worst::Might have something to do with his 40% FG shooting, perhaps...  Apparently he's got no pride, judging form the way he spent his offseason/lockout (See Kobe/lebron for comparison)
agoods03::That doesn't matter, there is still no reason to hate.  He did what he had to do so apparently you can't win.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Melo drops 25 and Fields is New York's Top Performer.. lol nice.
Gatormattman::I take absolutely nothing from this game.  Knicks have beat Charlotte and Detroit over the past 10 games. Beat the Bulls tomorrow and I will wake up from my Knicks coma.
Teh_Juice::enjoy that nap
cyrbrandan::Pretty bad when Greg Monroe is the avg leading scorer for the team....
ZennMasterLurch::Brandon Knight....worst draft pick ever....Darko was better
CandySparker::
godsent224::I dont know why they cant get the kid Lin more minutes. He had 4 ast in 6 minutes.
arizonasportsman::Impressive win over the Pistons (cough).
RickyBobby84::A win is a win no matter who you play.  Any bad team can beat a good team especially in this short season so I will take what we can get.  We did what we were supposed to do and that was blow out this team.
smithc222::big deal, they beat up on a 3 and 19 team.  this team will end the season sub .500.  trade Melo and get D. Will from the Nets.
Baron Harkonnen::Way to go Melo, you managed to grab an entire rebound ... I assume it bounced straight to him.
godsent224::Melo is the only reason people were talking about championships around here. With Stat it was playoffs with him and Melo its championships. Galo wasnt getting us there and he aint getting Denver there either. Its nice and all to be a dominant regular season tem like the Packers or last years Bulls but all the Knicks need to do in get in the playoffs cause theres not a lot of teams that would match up well with them. And yes the Nuggets raped us in that trade but the Knicks had to do it in parts to Anthony, Denver, and the Nets. Cant be mad at either of them though, thats just how the game is
army of bono::Huge Knicks fan but who is talking about championships?  I don't care if we trade our entire team for the Heat we still won't talk about championships until they can at least get one  playoff win.  Anyone talking about championships with the Knicks is either an idiot or just hasn't watched basketball in 20 years.
Baron Harkonnen::People talking about Melo and championships must have believed every word Baghdad Bob said .... pure delusion.
milw-jay::I guess D Antoni can keep his job for another night.
MarcusXP50::The Knicks showed the Pistons what they're capable of when running on all cylinders.
madd_dawg17::I think the Pistons showed everyone what they're capable of when they replace their cylinders with pudding and try running...
MarcusXP50::Knicks!!!!
Sittinsidewayz121::Melo isnt slowing down? $@%!$ he is shooting like 39 percent? Thats terrible.
Papa_Pinero::PEOPLE REALLY UNDERESTIMATE A POINT GUARD.
randymossallday::its not that people underestimate PGs....its that poeple underestimate a quality PG. not every team needs a Steve Nash/Chris Paul type quarter back..nor do they need a Rose/westbrook type or a do it all D-Will type. a guy that can get you into your offense...and set guys up and knock down jump shots and guard his position. guys like Jrue Holiday who aren't even all star types yet  Ty Lawson etc would make the Knicks alot much better and the knicks clearly lack a quality PG. they don't need an elite level PG. just a guy who is consistent, can be effective in pick and roll basketball, a guy that can knockdown open shots, a guy that doesn't turn the ball over alot and someone that can create a flow to the offense. The knicks need a guy who can manage the touches Melo gets and a guy that can, get Chandler and Amare involved without disrupting spacing. they really need a Vet who won't give into Melo, someone that knows the system...i really think that Steve Nash would be a perfect fit in New York..if only they had the resources to get him(and grant hill)  the atlantic would be more competitive.
dabulls2012::I know we Bulls fans do NOT underestimate the PG...:)  I'm not sure that works in the Knicks situation though...you've got two guys infamous for stopping the ball and going one-on-one...that PG better make sure that initial pass is awfully good as he's not going to get the ball back from these guys on most night.
DoctorButcher::Louis Orr &gt; Carmelo Anthony
I give free Pearl Necklaces::Tim Tebow &gt; Carmellicus Anthony
