Chelo Mejias::It's payback time grizzlies!, c's!
Greg Bosgraaf::You guys played us really tough in Memphis, it would not surprise me at all if the C's win this. I'm hoping that the Grizz can match what they did for the first 3 quarters against the Rockets from now on sans Marc.
Chris Johnson::The griz are beating them into submission.
Chelo Mejias::Not quite, you can't beat the c's to submission...they can only beat themselves into submission with stupid passes and 3 pointers from half court
Chris Johnson::It's all good, your are going to have a tough year but you will be top in years to come that is for sure
Graham Horobetz::Great game by Ed, but for him to convince myself and lots of others about his future here, he has to be consistent. Loved the effort by him tonight though and JB got back to it too. Calathes gave Conley rest which is also necessary for us to stay afloat while Marc is gone.
Brett Reid::Grizzz still strong without gasol , boston still trash as always
JCorey Wilde::THE BEATDOWN AT HOME OUCH!!!!!
Joseph Swain::here"s where the game was lost.  Boston 14 asists Memphis 24  Boston shot 20 three"s made 7 Memphis shot 9 three"s made 3. jeff green should be attacking the basket not shooting 3"s. our 2 best players right now are Sullinger and Crawford who are doing what they are supposed to do at their positions. as i said before , until we get concistent point guard play, Celtics will be inconsistent and struggle
John Martin::Joseph:  Thhis game was lost when Pierce and Garnett got old and got traded.  Celts need a whole new generation of players to get to the top again,
Joseph Swain::Well until the heart and soul of the Celtics comes back (rondo) you are going to have lapes of laziness,poor decisions on the court on defense and offense. next year try to unload Bradley who has value and get decent draft choices. you are stuck with wallace for a while. meantime the new coach is still learning. frankley i would have preferred Hollins. he seems to get the most out of his players.
John Osaki Jr.::Great game for Memphis! But if your a Celtics fan, check out Larry Bird, Kevin Garnett, and Paul Pierce in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Ron Midgette::Its the Lottery for Boston this season... Hopefully we can rebuild. Rather have Randle, or Parker, before wiggins.
JCorey Wilde::WHO WILL SHOW UP TONIGHT AND WHO WILL PASS THE BALL AROUND..THIS TEAM IS TRYING TO FIND THE LEADER WITH RONDO OUT ..IF THEY PLAY AS A TEAM AND STOP MISSING SO MANY SHOTS THEY'LL BE FINE..
Chelo Mejias::Yikes, this game is getting out of hand....Celtics look like they don't wanna play
Paul Cooper::Good numbers by Sullinger. Doing well for a undersize forward /center
Chelo Mejias::1st qtr was the difference, celtics won the 2nd 3rd and 4th quarter
Liam Sibson::BOS this year:  Lost their first 4 games Won the next 4 Lost the next 6 Won the next 2  What is this team doing?
Chelo Mejias::Going on a rollercoaster ride
Brian Palma::couple baskets in a row ok maybe we can start a little run here
Chelo Mejias::there is no reason for a timeout in a 12-9 game.
Ken Weiner::What happened to Bradley?
Ron Midgette::Boston will make a run.
Tom Burzynski::Celtics need to lose
Chelo Mejias::No
Tom Burzynski::Wiggins or bust
Chelo Mejias::Tom Burzynski   Celtics will not suck bad enough to get wiggins, which is why i think they should try to win every game
Hector Oria::WHO WILL WIN THE GAME?
