CoreyBlair31::http://sportsblogette.blogspot.com/2012/04/sports-blogette-audio-edition-episode-1.html  LeBron James is now wearing a double headband... Andrew Bynum shooting three pointers now? Listen/watch now!!!
dcare5457::tony parker and tim duncan last night on winning the divison http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DF4QyjJNuXo&amp;feature=plcp&amp;context=C42b7a56VDvjVQa1PpcFMZ5p1tuIRXHYVWB6Q2u6ZvvU61A2AlCJA%3D
DalvinSplit::SPURS ARE VERY MUCH FOR REAL I SEED LONG TIME AGO IF HEALTHY  THEY ARE TEAM TO BEAT REGARDLESS . THEY HAVE WHAT IS TAKE TO GO ALL THE WAY.  HOW ABOUT TIM DUNCAN  PLAY  OF LATE. HE IS LIVING LEGEND ! IN MY OPINION BEST POWER - FORWARD THAT EVER PLAY BASKETBALL. IF HE CONTINUE TO PLAY IN PLAYOFFS LIKE THIS ,  WOW    GO SPURS GO
damn334::tim duncan after the will talking about keeping pace with the tunder for first in the west http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DF4QyjJNuXo&amp;feature=channel&amp;list=UL
nba is the worst::The Spurs love to beat up the Suns - what a 1st Q.  Next, the road B2B2B @ GS, the Lakers, and Kings - need to sweep that  Thanks, Stern, for the "fair" schedule!
Amon Goeth.::They'll probably sit some guys in the Kings game on the last of that back to back to back. Warriors are trying to tank anyways so that should be an easy one
Mr.BrianPeppers::Spurs really needed to be tested anyway. I just hope no one gets hurt (Manu especially since it been bout a month since his injury prone $@% had been injured).
Vaquero In The House::As hard as Ginobilli plays throughout the season, he stands a 75 percent chance of getting hurt, so I wouldn't necessarily say he's injury prone.  What would your percentage be if you got off the damn couch &amp; did something productive like taking out the garbage?  (Falling down the staircase every once in a while counts in your case).
WeAreTheMIB::Now THAT was some Spurs basketball!!!  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
dnoonan2::popovich could get the cats into the playoffs
GetEmJov::Watched the replay of game this morning before i came to work and Spurs are Legit Title Contenders.
Playing the Dude Disguised as Another Dude::FAIL THEY SUCK!!!!!!!!!!
Mr.BrianPeppers::Hmmm very insightful... and why do they suck? Moron.
scottthomas1965::I started betting on sports last year and tried a few pros for picks and never had any real luck. I stumbled upon a sports betting system called sportsbettingstar.com a few months ago. It is a 2 game betting system but I have won more money using this system than any other system I have tried so far. I am making the income of a part time job now just following this system. Thought I would share this if anyone out there is trying to find a betting system that actually works
imakeumoneyforfree2::6 straight winning days!! just on fire and im doing it for free !!!! check this out......http://frankwhitesportsny.blogspot.com/  every play posted and verified i dont just say like scumbag handicappers claim on here ! i prove it ! p2p4u spread the word !
5thRing830::GO SPURS GO!!!!!!!!!!!
CoreyBlair31::What is up with Lebron James double headband? And Andrew Bynum shooting three pointers???  http://youtu.be/-KORdoKbUzc
BallsMahonee::Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh are taking CPR classes this summer, just in case LeBron chokes again next season.
DalvinSplit::HAHAHAHA  GOOD ONE !!
yousername::bosh should take testosterone like the ufc guys so he stops crying and comes to work everyday like he did while he was drinking that canadian water
basketballdiaries::The Suns simply gave up - they were no match. Spurs are legit.
spursfan766::even though the spurs have beat the thunder 2 out 0f 3 times this season, and swept the grizzlies 4-0 at the same time?
NOVABuffalo::this is troll sports board, why confuse them with facts.  Fact is Spurs are legit, but the key weakness is front line size.  The best way to over come this weakness is outside shooting.  I think that is why Spurs management made some of the trades earlier this year and recently.  Western conference playoffs are going to be great, East - not so much.
yousername::spurs can beat the lakers suns jazz blazers and rockets but not the thunder, grizzlies, clippers, nuggets,
Basketballhead20::even tho spurs swept griz 4-0? rockets do give us problems
DalvinSplit::What in the world make you belive that ?
imsoobjective::Ernest Hemingway once wrote that a man must do four things in his life to demonstrate his manhood. What were they?
WeAreTheMIB::Hemingway was a drunken lout who blew his own brains out.  If that's being a man, I'd rather be queer.
yousername::ahh...i was close. pine trees are prominent in idaho, being bored enough to write poetry would eventually lead to a book, fighting a rhino is what men do these days, and having a daughter who becomes a $@%! is much harder than having a son who gives his mom an easy pregnancy
imsoobjective::good man
imsoobjective::Plant a tree, fight a bull, write a book, and have a son.
yousername::i dont write poetry, and idaho has only 2 months of summer, and i got a family now
imsoobjective::ooooh so  close
yousername::drink, write poetry, live in idaho, and die lonely
yousername::shout out to sebastian telfair.. underated like dejuan wagner was.
DonOinSF::SA Sucks $@%!!
Raidersyeahthatsright::Considering the C's copied the Spurs AFTER they won 4 titles I would say the C's are the East version of the Spurs.
yousername::SA is the west version of the boston celtics. rondo=parker, duncan=garnett, ray allen=almost paul pierce and a pieced together bench
spursfan766::the expletive that's not shown is supposes to say t%^ts (breasts) and specifically reffering to your mom's because she LOVES SA!!!
RavenzNGunnerz::i ma out too. Good nite everybody. Stop hating on LeBron. Nobody wants to live in Cleveland, even my Ravens left for the same reason :)
J-SMOOVE2058::Heat vs Spurs NBA Finals.  The Bulls and Thunder will gag on dick.
RavenzNGunnerz::smh that the Bulls refused to trade Deng for Kobe.
GetEmJov::yeah that was exactly what happened, kobe said he did not want to play in chicago if Deng was traded.
spursfan766::I thought the Bulls were gonna trade Deng for Kobe, but Kobe nixed the trade beacsue he didn't want to be in chicago without deng
J-SMOOVE2058::u mean in 2007?  wow, bulls think way too much of deng.
RavenzNGunnerz::Kobe wanted out of LA. Bulls was an option, but they didnt want to trade their up and coming Deng for old Kobe lol.
J-SMOOVE2058::huh?
okc and bulls are bandwagoners::^^
Dukeisking2010::I'm out it seems like I came at a time in which no one is on the board. See ya daboafadem.
Dukeisking2010::Good bye everyone.
daboafadem::later!
Dukeisking2010::Oh and AussieRaven
Dukeisking2010::and if Ray Lewis is still here, well yeah see ya.
AussieRaven_::see ya
Dukeisking2010::I just scrolled down and read an argument about who is better, Duncan or Gortat. Why didn't the people simply look at todays stat line.
RavenzNGunnerz::who is Gortat?
daboafadem::Suns starting center
daboafadem::Is it even an argument?  Duncan 9/14 19pts 11reb in all of 24 minutes.
daboafadem::Duncan looks better than he has since 2007.  He said his listed weight should be 248 and not 260.  He also said his leaner frame helped him to recover some of the hops he lost with age.  I think he's teling the truth.  He hasn't dunked this often or with as much authority in years.
Dukeisking2010::I guess it was.
daboafadem::Is this why LeBron left Cleveland?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZzgAjjuqZM
daboafadem::or is it this?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysmLA5TqbIY&amp;feature=relmfu  I did not know Cleveland leads the nation in drifters.  Very informative.
daboafadem::Interesting stat line for Stephen Jackson  4 rebounds, 4 steals, 4 turnovers, 4 fouls, 4 free throws made  pretty much cancelled out his impact with that line LOL
MJ is still the best::You can tell the effort is there.  He just hasn't quite gotten up to speed.  Not sure if he ever will, TBH.
daboafadem::well, the 4 boards and 4 steals are great from a backup wing player.  if he doesn't have all the turnovers it looks WAY better
RavenzNGunnerz::Bobcats vs. Kentucky :) where do you put your money? :)
Dukeisking2010::i got my money on the Cats. Which ones though? That is the question being asked.
Dukeisking2010::So the Mets won. How the heck are they 6-2?
buhbuhballin::Channing Frye.....only person to not score this game.  lol!
RavenzNGunnerz::is that true? fantasy pool win for me.
freaky69az::Nice 1st quarter, Suns. Nice 3rd period and OT, Coyotes. Nice bottom of the 9th, Diamondbacks. BANNER phuken day for Phoenix sports.
GetEmJov::And I thought I had it tough being a fan of Cleveland sports teams.  Oh well, I still got my spurs lol
daboafadem::I think that is the point of his post.
Dukeisking2010::Give it time, give it time, it will click.
RavenzNGunnerz::the cayotes lost tho.
Dukeisking2010::No offense but Lebron averaged 17 points in the finals, and then declared one game as a"Now or never" game and proceeded to score 8 points. Great player? Yes. All time great? No.
duece2mac::He has all time great skills but just doesn't seem to have "it" in between the ears.
Dukeisking2010::Its a weird situation.
Dukeisking2010::Okay I'll be fair it was 17.8 which is more 18 then 17 but still the point is there.
RavenzNGunnerz::Friendly reminder:  If you can't live in Cleveland, LeBron can't
okc and bulls are bandwagoners::lmao I'm glad Lebron choked on that cleveland game and then left that idiot Dan Gilbert for nothing
AussieRaven_::Baltimore Ravens?
WeAreTheMIB::You're thinking of Rae Carruth.
Dukeisking2010::No Gabbert was horrendous this season.
AussieRaven_::Maybe not Gabbert haha
RavenzNGunnerz::Even Gabbert would look like A. rogers against NE defense lol
Dukeisking2010::True. He just needs to get more consistent.
AussieRaven_::He outplayed Brady, and yes that was a surprise, a good surprise
Dukeisking2010::Its Lee Evans fault anyway.
Dukeisking2010::No shame in losing to Brady.
RavenzNGunnerz::Joe Flacco is da best :) / End sarcasm
Dukeisking2010::Once again he is the best tackler I've seen since Joe Montana.
AussieRaven_::Isnt America the land of second chances?
Dukeisking2010::Ain't that the murdering guy? No but seriously he is great.
AussieRaven_::REEEEEEED!!!!
RavenzNGunnerz::Ray Lewis baby!!!!
cSSk2011::spurs fans: how far can the spurs get in the playoffs w/o manu?
Raidersyeahthatsright::Not far. 1 round maybe.
MJ is still the best::Ahh, this team is better equipped to handle him missing.  But, he's the play maker when it's crunch time.  When he goes into Obi Won Ginobili, beast mode in key moments, there aren't many better.
daboafadem::Manu is always the guy who comes up with the TIMELY plays.  That timely steal.  That much needed 3.  That backbreaking 3.  That sweet "how'd he do that?" pass.  That drive to the hoop when all else fails.  You can hardly ever replace him.
Bexindy55::Hopefully this year that question won't be an issue.  I can't even remember the last time Ginobili was healthy in the playoffs post '07.
eddietheaggie2010::Not far--he's our x factor.  For his scoring, yes, but even moreso for his facilitating.
okc and bulls are bandwagoners::Last year was the only time Lebron had help even comparable to what Jordan had when he won those titles. He failed, but he's still got several prime years and a few more productive years after that. Let's see how lebron's career ends up before we judge him
okc and bulls are bandwagoners::hell no lebron isn't going to be jordan. I'm saying I'll see how his career goes and how he matches up against other great players. The only comparison I gave was how this is the first year Lebron got help even comparable to what MJ got.
okc and bulls are bandwagoners::I'll have to disagree. I do think that Jordan had a great amount of influence on them, but unless they were going into a dysfunctional system like the Wizards, I saw tremendous potential in Pippen and he was going to be an allstar for sure. As for Horace Grant, this guy was a big reason why Shaq and Kobe won their 3-peat. One of the best defensive big men who can defend the perimeter
MJ is still the best::This is what gets lost on alot of people.  Pip was kind of an unknown coming out of college.  Those in the know, know that MJ kind of made Pip and Grant into what they became.  MJ's practices were known for being insanely competitive.  He played a large role in driving his team mates into becoming better players.
MJ is still the best::Crazy talk.  How about LBJ win ONE title before comparing him to the GOAT, who has SIX?
MJ is still the best::Yes and yes.  Not to mention, how he did it.  Michael had so much swagger and style on the court.  He was a strt up pimp.  The closed eye free throw, dunking on Dikembe, the rivalries with the bad boys, Barkley, Malone, Reggie, and of course the Knicks.  Ahh, the days when the NBA had b@lls.  I kinda miss em.
duece2mac::It's not even just the 6 titles.  It's the combination of everything.  6 for 6 in the Finals with 6 Finals MVP's, 5 regular season MVP's, 9 time scoring champion, won defensive POY(which is hard to do for a SG), all the 1st team NBA's and 1st All defensive teams, etc, etc., etc., all in 13 years basically and thats counting the 2 with the Wiz.
duece2mac::Wow, I agree with you.
Bexindy55::Lebron is a help to Wade...not vice versa.
AussieRaven_::Like you, I just dont like bandwagoners
cSSk2011::Just a friendly reminder:  MJ- 6 rings  LBJ- 0  thanks for stopping by
Dukeisking2010::Mj always rose his season scoring by 8 points, not going down.
daboafadem::MJ - I didn't get to see most of the 1st quarter.  What happened?  How did the Spurs jump out to that huge lead?
polocash::No one could stop Duncan... and Nash like passing to the Spurs better than his own players.
daboafadem::Duke - thanks for the very simplistic version.  LOL
Dukeisking2010::lol thats true unfortunately
daboafadem::If you continue to cover the Spurs in this manner - I think ESPN has a job for you.  They cover the Spurs in pretty much the same fashion.
Dukeisking2010::No problem
Dukeisking2010::Well see the Spurs scored 35 points by scoring baskets, while the Suns scored 13 missing a lot.
MJ is still the best::Kawhi got some steals, Duncan couldn't miss, everyone got to the rack super easy.  Nash got pulled after 6 mins coz the game was already out of hand.
daboafadem::By the time I was watching the lead was 24 and all I saw was Stephen Jackson wreacking havoc in the passing lanes because Nash was on the bench.
Dukeisking2010::This is the true reason.
RavenzNGunnerz::A friendly reminder:  Micheal Jordan won the title when he was 28.   LeBron is 27
Vaquero In The House::If the talk is about championships then Tony Parker who won his first title at age of 20 is the winner &amp; at age 29 has a total of 3, that beats both Michael &amp; Lebron by a very large margin.
okc and bulls are bandwagoners::Last year was the only time Lebron had help even comparable to what Jordan had when he won those titles. He failed, but he's still got several prime years and a few more productive years. Let's see how lebron's career ends up before we judge him
daboafadem::This is the lone time I'll agree with this guy.  Lebron has about 5 or 6 more years where he can lead the league in scoring, win MVP's, etc.  Let's see what happens for him down the road.  The NBA landscape will be changing quite a bit in the next few years.
MJ is still the best::Are you insane?  There are so many reasons why LBJ could win the next 3 titles and STILL not measure up to MJ.    It's currently not even a comparison.
Dukeisking2010::I don't know this year ain't looking to good either for LeQueen.
duece2mac::Are you a Heat fan?
daboafadem::MJ 6-0 LBJ 0-2  What other stats do you mean?
Dukeisking2010::Oh the fact MJ averaged 38 points and 11 assist in his first finals beating the show time lakers 4-1.
RavenzNGunnerz::when he was 28
duece2mac::Dont compare LeBron to MJ.....they are different types of players.  The only 1 who can compare to MJ but really doesn't compare is Kobe.  He tries so hard to be MJ but there is only 1 Michael Jordan.  Kobe will always be second best when it comes to SG's.
Dukeisking2010::Look up MJ's finals stats to Lebrons and you will S.h.i.t. you pants yes sir you will.
Dukeisking2010::Friendly reminder, MJ started his first season in the NBA at the tender age of 21 or 22. Lebron you say? He was 18!!!! Sorry.
MJ is still the best::Huge wakeup call:  LBJ is barely good enough to deliver water to MJ.
cSSk2011::id rather be chris bosh's forehead than be a LBJ fan
Dukeisking2010::I'd rather have sex with Fat $@%!$@% then become a Lebron fan.
Dukeisking2010::Best tackler I've see since Joe Montana.
Dukeisking2010::Jason Jason
Dukeisking2010::Kidd
MJ is still the best::Jason Terry
okc and bulls are bandwagoners::Jason Smith
cSSk2011::i would rather play for the bobcats, on the bench, as a rookie, be the 6th string pg, be the ballboy, than be a lebron james fan
RavenzNGunnerz::how about this, you suck a dick or be a leBron fan? what would you choose?
MJ is still the best::I choose punching you in the face.
Dukeisking2010::I would pull the trigger.
cSSk2011::i hope the spurs somehow come up against the mavs in the playoffs..that would be a glorious win for dallas
fred3609::Dallas is not the same team from last year these spurs are a differt team From last year they are deeper team the spurs would beat the mavs in the Playoffs Go SPURS GO!!!!!
Vaquero In The House::The Mavericks can barely contain their own troubles within the team, imagine trying to handle the Spurs.  Keep dreaming but hell bring them on, the Spurs could use a rest in between playoff games!
Bexindy55::Really bad blood between the two teams.  I would fully expect Terry to punch someone in the balls again.
MJ is still the best::No disrespect to the defending champs but they would get crushed by SA in the 1st.
MJ is still the best::True.  Spurs vs Mavs is always a blood bath.
daboafadem::Spurs would win, but knocking the defending champ out of the playoffs always proves to be a chore.
cSSk2011::i just think they could turn it on in the playoffs. i hate to bring up the same cliche argument but no 1 expected anything from them in the playoffs last year, then boom! they swept the lakers, moved through OKC and you know the rest. i have no doubt that this would be an epic matchup but dont write off the mavs just yet
Bexindy55::I think the Spurs would win the series but a first round match-up would not be good at all.
RavenzNGunnerz::Heat &gt; OKC &gt; Bulls &gt; LA &gt; SA  DAL does not exist
MJ is still the best::Only Heatiot would put team choke first and then dismiss the defending champs.
Dukeisking2010::They whopped Miamis $@%,
MJ is still the best::Right.  They didn't beat Miami in epic proportions less than a year ago or anything....
Dukeisking2010::They don't exist. They were there just a second ago but now they aren't.
RavenzNGunnerz::Defending champs hahaha, that is funny :)
Dukeisking2010::OKC&gt;Bulls&gt;LA&gt;SA&gt;Bobcats&gt;Heat. Don't you watch the games brotha?
cSSk2011::how do you get this high?
RavenzNGunnerz::snoop dog dog premium weed.
MJ is still the best::lol
MJ is still the best::Phoenix, meet Kawhi.    I hope you enjoy him as much as we do.
Bexindy55::If the Mavs somehow drop down to the seven spot...worst case scenario for my Spurs.  They better play decent from here on out.
BowenDT71::Alright I'm out, and Leggo let me get that one back mate, I still think Hill is a great defender but he cna't lock dow Kobe.
LeggoLaL::fair enough..stay high
LeggoLaL::haha
Dukeisking2010::I bet you aren't as high as Lehigh.
BowenDT71::Oh I can and I will.
AussieRaven_::No one can lock down Kobe
cSSk2011::they can, just not for the entire game marion, tony allen etc
BowenDT71::Except MJ and Joe Dumars.
cSSk2011::can anyone in the west beat memphis in a series? realistically?
Bexindy55::Realistically yes.
AussieRaven_::I know for sure that West playoffs are wayy more exciting than East playoffs, with the exception of Bulls v Heat ECF
cSSk2011::agreed
AussieRaven_::Looks like Skip was right, or almost. He tipped Spurs to win the West. I certainly didnt see that one coming
duece2mac::As dumb as he is, he actually can predict who will win the conferences.....but usually his picks to win it all always fail.  Not a good sign for the Heat as he picked them.
cSSk2011::Griffin has missed something like 74 out of 120-something OPEN jumpers this season  FACT
AussieRaven_::Hating Griffin makes me have less hate for Lebron now
BowenDT71::lol just look at his wide open freethrow attemps.
cSSk2011::i think we can all agree on one thing here..the clips are exiting 1st round
Bexindy55::If they get Memphis I'm picking them to lose.  That should be a physical series.
AussieRaven_::I just want them to get beat down so bad and someone PLEASE dunk on that overrated P.oS called Blake Griffin
duece2mac::Actually, I wasn't referring to anyone in particular on here.  I was just saying that if the poster says Blake Griffin is overrated, then all the 12 year olds who think he is the best will verbally attack you.  That's all.
okc and bulls are bandwagoners::no, I'm pointing out you calling other people names after your little speech about "people losing arguments the moment they use name-calling"
duece2mac::So I take it you think Griffin is the greatest PF ever?
duece2mac::12 year old
AussieRaven_::hes true only 12 year olds overrate dunks
okc and bulls are bandwagoners::there you go preemptively calling people names again
duece2mac::dont tell that to those 12 year olds that think Blake Griffin is the greatest PF ever.
cSSk2011::griffin will be found out as an overrated PF during these playoffs if it isnt already widely known
BowenDT71::Depends on who they got.
LeggoLaL::All this Ownage of BowenDP71 has got me a bit tired....nighty night DeuceLips
LeggoLaL::its ok this is the funniest thread ive been apart of in a while lol
duece2mac::Anyways, I'm out.  Maybe I'll run into you again when you're not high on drugs.
duece2mac::Dude, how can I be mad?  If you're high on crack, meth or whatever else, then I understand your posts now.  Besides, this message board is where I get my daily laughs.
LeggoLaL::agreed. i think Deuce is the only one who really is mad
BowenDT71::Well if you're as high as kite like myself you kinda just laugh ad everythign
duece2mac::I thought you were leaving buddy?  The conversation was starting to get intelligent.
LeggoLaL::i know this one Spurs fan who isnt a Spurs fan but he swears that Grant Hill can Lock Down Kobe.
duece2mac::Nowadays, most nights, Kobe can lock down himself.
BowenDT71::That was my bad, he clearly can't lock down Kobe.
AussieRaven_::Trust me, there are wayyy more worse dudes the LeggoLaL
LeggoLaL::yea thats just a joke
BowenDT71::Yeah I heard a ESPN analyst say before a top 10 list, " It isn't even a question, Derrick Rose is number 1"
okc and bulls are bandwagoners::Ric Bucher
duece2mac::The only fans you'll hear say that are Laker fans.  Which is crazy because Kobe isnt even the greatest Laker of all time.  If they say Kobe is better than MJ, they are between the ages of 10-14 and a Laker fan.
BowenDT71::Is it Mike Golic? I remember him saying that.
okc and bulls are bandwagoners::Thats funny, I know an actual espn "analyst" who think Rose is the best player today
BowenDT71::I know a bunch of Laker fans who think Kobe is better than Jordan.
duece2mac::True, I've seen way worse Laker fans than LeggoLoser.  It's funny because in person, they aren't that bad but on the internet they are truly clueless and classless.
AussieRaven_::or Heat and Cletic fans
BowenDT71::His name is Heatster,
okc and bulls are bandwagoners::lol LeggoLaL. Can't resist staying for the fun eh?
BowenDT71::Peace homie, we agree on one thing.
LeggoLaL::true dat
LeggoLaL::super baked. bake on brotha
BowenDT71::Are you baked, because I am.
LeggoLaL::honestly i just cant leave my man im laughing so hard.
BowenDT71::He doesn't have anything better to do. Kinda like the rest of us.
BowenDT71::So he says the Spurs suck, I say they don't and they clearly don't, and he says Hill is a terrible defender, which I back up with statistics and film, but I got owned? Yeah peace out idiot, and take it very personal.
BowenDT71::I'm not a Spurs fan.
duece2mac::Dude, the Spurs have one of the best records in the NBA.  Obviously, whoever saying the Spurs arent that good is just trying to get a rise out of Spurs fans.  Comments like that you have to ignore.
BowenDT71::Actually let me get that one back mate, don't take it personal, its just an internet conversation.
LeggoLaL::u obviously arent mad.
AussieRaven_::I rather Spurs than Clippers fans
LeggoLaL::riiiiight
duece2mac::Peace out bro.....dont take it personal.
LeggoLaL::^love the username. peace out
BowenDT71::You got destroyed man. The one argument we had ended with me giving you a video and statistics on why Hill is a great defender. I don't say this because its for f.a.g.s but you got owned.
okc and bulls are bandwagoners::Peace LeggoLaL
cSSk2011::i would love to see the suns 2005 squad compared to the roster they have today, im in the mood to laugh my a$$ off
BowenDT71::lol it was ridiculous. They had MVP form Nash, STAT, The Matrix. and Joe Johnson. All on the same team.
LilDwayne21::The Phoenix Suns are going to to get a chance to regroup and come home for their last five games, so that should motivate them to make the Playoffs. But Phoenix has some problems. First of all, they came into tonight's game against the Spurs totally exhausted, because they played the Rockets in a high-scoring, pick-and-roll, offensive minded basketball game coming into tonight's game against the Spurs, and secondly THE PHOENIX SUNS HAVE TO START HITTING EASY BASKETS. This team missed a TON OF EASY shots INSIDE THE PAINT against the Spurs. When you attack the paint you've got to be able to make mid-range jump shots and go hard to the basket with layups. When you give up as many easy shots as the Phoenix Suns did tonight against the Spurs, all you're doing is putting more PRESSURE ON YOUR DEFENSE to defend the glass, while at the same time putting more pressure on your team to try and rally offensively enough to regain the advantage. You've got to make easy baskets inside the paint. I don't care how well the defense plays you. If you're missing short mid-range jump shots off of quality looks at the basket and not going hard to rim on layups, then you're going to beat.
cSSk2011::suns should of traded nash a long time ago. whos running that club honestly?
AussieRaven_::Suns bought Brad Childress and Hakeem Warrick. Go figure.
BowenDT71::Yeah but it honestly made the Magic and Wizards worse for then and now, and it made the Suns worse that year. I think they did it for Carters expiring contact, or at least I hope they did. They ripped Orlando off on that one.
AussieRaven_::That trade was strange. They got Pietrus but rarely played him. I'll give credit to Gortat though he was good.
BowenDT71::They even tried Vince Carter until they realized he doesn't even have a 2inch vertical anymore.
BowenDT71::An idiot.
okc and bulls are bandwagoners::robert sarver
