eric kim::FIRE MCFAIL! quotes from a former player:  "He didn't really know all the X's and O's, but he had a good assistant coaching staff that was helping him out with a lot of plays. He kind of let us run whatever we wanted."  "He was trying to draw plays, and it was like a little Etch and Sketch. Like a kid just messing around . . . He just gave the clipboard to the assistant coaches sometimes."  "Practice, it was kind of funny . . . (McHale) didn't warm us up and just let us get to playing five-on-five. He'd just sit on the sideline . . . and the other coaches would be coaching."
Andreas::The Thunder bench was brilliant tonight, with 47 points and only 10 missed shots from the floor. Lamb continues to improve.
AJ::Howard the Coward is TERRBLE (in my best Barkley voice).  He's a big whiney DIVA!!! Look at his effort level this year and see what he is capable of.  The Lakers should get their money back from him as he gave them absolutely no zero effort last season.  Like the system and the coach or not, you are paid millions to play a game and show the fans some effort and hussle.  That being said, the Rockets are a 4/5 seed at best and still will not compete for the championship!!!
G::Houston sucks...you can tell I'm not a Houston fan...not a big Lin fan either.  More like a semi Lin fan... if Lin has a little more attitude problem like Asik I probably like him a little more.  He is too nice of a guy that make him looks like a damn sissy sometime.  Nothing wrong with being nice, but too damn nice is just annoying...have to stand up for yourself once in a while and say  f4ck it to McLoser and the ugly ball-hog :).  I'm pretty much being a troll to all the ricers and melons peep here:).  If rockets don't get a new coaching staff...they will never get past 1st round in playoff.  That's it for my trolling tonight... peace out y'all.
Ronny::This was pathetic and indicates what Houston fans had better get ready for (1st or 2nd round exit). Houston will make the playoffs if key personal stay healthy but BUT..They will not beat San Antonio in 7 games nor OKC nor the Clippers nor Portland. Put your faith in regular season wins all you like but Houston doesn't look ready for a serious run. Number one reason is the coaching.
Be+::Love both these teams and I hope they don't meet in the first round again.  I think the Rockets were very tired but it's hard to win at Chesapeake anyway.
JaValeMcGee::dot, Mike, C K, you guys should get a faster computer and faster Internet.  I was expecting your messages flooded this site.   But it turn out only few.  I am disappointed on your guys.
Honkies Love Welfare::Saltine here, man my face is salty because I am a cracker. Don't have to go to school... maybe that's why I failed my GED Exam. I use to work part-time at McDonald's for the black man; that's right the CEO of McDonald's is a black man. Then I received a letter from our black president stating that I make too much money to qualify for welfare benefits so I quit my job at McDonald’s. I live in a mobile home (a green 1977 ford pinto.) I sleep in the front driver side seat while my 300 lb toothless wife/sister sleeps on the front passenger side. How she is able to fit inside our house car is beyond me? Our youngins sleep in the back. Hee haw! Now this is the “WHITE” way to live.
William::whenever against one of the elite teams, Rockets always t outcoached, including the game against spurs, Pop simply wanted to rest his old guys for a meaningless game since they had a five game lead in the division.
64993366::Emotion plays an important role in sports. Thunder would lose to Raptors, but rout favored Rockets. Rockets were out assist by 20, out rebound by 11. McHale should learn a thing or two from Pop, rest their starters, they might even have a better chance for a W.
