Rod Loth Jr::The Knicks are unwatchabe, worst team in the NBA by far.
Mark Sugimoto::Games about over. Time for the Melo apologists to come out. But he had 28 points they will say. Yeah on 10-23 shooting. Melo nuthuggers love when he gets his points but could care a less that the Knicks lost another game.
Shaun Mitts::you have to watch the game b4 u talk. Melo wasnt the reason the knicks lost. its cause of Woodys dum defensive schemes. why would u double against the freaking sixers?? and speaking of stats why dont u post how melo also had 7 assists?? hmm. thats right its cuz ur J Lin "nuthuggers" ur a Lin troll. please get a life
Jeffrey Nicholas::That was actually over 50% effective field goal percentage along with 7 assists. I'm not going to dog him for tonight.
Marcus Grein::6-8 from 3, 28 points on 23 shots is solid. He had some bad turnovers though.
Nathan Fisher::When a 15 win team plays a 13 win team…there's only one comment: YAWN.
Varda Amdur::Well that sucked!
Darryl Barnes::JR was knocking them down tonight
Lego Haryanto::the free throws ;)?
Mike Brajczewski::Mike Woodson should be let go...not because he's the problem...because no decent man should be subjected to having to Coach the Knicks...
Calvin Long::No man should have to have to put up with Melo, JR, and Dolan.  Woodson is going nuts, but he knows he's getting paid and that is all that counts with Duh-lan.
Greg J Williams::No, Woody needs to go because he supported JR Smith for as long as he did!! That alone, is a fire able offense.....
Craig Meads::Greg J Williams It wasn't Woodson that resigned Smith to a 3 year contract in the offseason!
William Burdon-Smith::Watching Melo is slowly but surely becoming more of a punishment rather than a luxury...
Rod Loth Jr::they need to trade him and get rid of the coach.
Josh Schwartz::Great work Sixers! Amazing game from Turner and Carter. Yeah, it's pretty easy to beat the pathetic Knicks nowadays, but a win's a win and it's always nice to see your young players have great games. Well done Philly.
Steven Rivera::Melo is physically drained and its taking a toll on his offense. Can't knock the guy hes been leading his team in scoring and now rebounding the entire season and it hasnt even been close. Glad to see when his offense is off he's doing other things. Good to see 5 assists so far in the 1st half.
José Hyland::Melo is being playing to death. Woodson is such a fool. I'm surprised Melo isn't injured yet. Playing the most minutes in the NBA out of position grabbing almost 10 rebounds a game.  Anyway 76ers got good young players and a bright future....hopefully Dolan can sell the Knicks and we get an owner that actually cares about basketball so we can get a good basketball team for our future. Sucks that the first time since Ewing we get a superstar player but the shittiest team possible around him. We could either trade Melo for picks and let him stay in NY and be part of the rebuild process.
Matt Micros::Just stop it. The Bricks are in the situation they are in BC of Melo. They gave up too much to get him and he forced them to do it bc he didn't want to leave money on the table. Had he waited and signed as a FA, he'd have support around him. He certainly has the right to go for the money grab, but please stop blaming Dolan (who is an idiot I'll give you), and acting like Melo is being unfairly persecuted. He made the bed he now sleeps in.
Steven Rivera::Matt Micros oh shut up! Their in this situation cause our former GM Walsh decided to Amnisty Billups over Amare and over paying Tyson CHandler to that ridiculous contract. If he had Amnistied Amare right now the Knicks could've had CP3 when he was available. Listen tell me what are those assets doing for Denver right now????? Nothing, Danilo and Wilson have been heavily injury prone players for Denver and Mozgov is one of the worst centers in the league!  This is a Knicks team thats not playing hard for their loser of a coach, Woodson has a problem the guy is too stubburn with his defensive schemes and he doesn't adjust to in game situations.   Melo is worth every penny of that contract, The brings it every night from out scoring his team to out rebounding his team and 2nd with assets on his team closing in on 130 assists this season.
Keith Lawson::bargnani and thjr  and prigioni climbed them out of the hole and what is their reward.........sit on the bench and watch the bricks fly...... way to go coach.....way to reward your hungry players tonight and allow the game slide away
Ken Ferriello::Woodson has to go.
Joe Hamedl::Plain and simple, the Knicks really suck.  Anthony as a Knick already forced one coach out of town ... how long before second?  The best thing for the Knicks right now is to bust this team up and get rid of Anthony because he will never lead this team to a title ... he's a chronic scorer, nothing more .. the black version of Pete Maravich.
Dean Helming::wow the knicks got killed on the boards tonight.
Erick Gonzalez::Where was Bargnani in the 4th quarter?  Woodson and the rest of the team needs to GO…. This is an embarrassment.  110 points to a D league team at home, but then again, the Knicks are just a varsity team.  Garbage… Thank you Yankees for bringing JOY in my LIfe….
Manfred Elezovski::Tired of the injury excuses.  Woodson has no plan for this team and everyone has a new role every night.  What's your strategy dude?
Keith Kendrick::I would say the Knicks should be embarrassed but that would imply that they have some pride in the first place!
Ervin Xhumari::Please can this coach do anything beside calling time out. He is a horrible coach
Joriel Arias::lmaoo watching the NY Chicks play is like watching a comedy show. smh
Larry Litmanen::That Rivera guy will come here to lecture you.
Joriel Arias::Larry Litmanen hahah i know, he always does.
Larry Litmanen::Carmelo is improving, he is shooting 43% now   LOL
Keith Lawson::Melo  killing the Knicks tonight..
Tony Cristaldi::More like every night. He is one of the least efficient scorers in terms of PPS when it comes to the NBA's higher scoring  (AOA 20.0 PPG) players.
Clifford Francois::JR Smith - 5 - 16, nuff said.
Keith Lawson::Offensively, the Knicks looked OK.  The failed to keep PHI off the offensive boards and that's what killed them. BUT Melo was the only true superstar on the court tonight and could have been more effective if he caught the ball in post, drew the double team and kicked.... Knicks need to start taking advantage of this or most of their points will continue to come on contested jumpers.
Manfred Elezovski::Isn't it scary when the coach can only say "we need to figure it out?"  You need to figure it out man.  He's lost the team...shumpert, jr, beno, chandler...seems like all of them fight with the coach.  Even prigioni.   Fire this dude already and replace him with someone who can at least put some structure around this team
Marcus Grein::JR Smith with another 5-16 game, Felton bumbling around not running anything on offense, Shump with some brutal mistakes on D, Melo as well had some baffling turnovers in the 4th. But he did more good than bad which is more than anyone other than Bargs and Thard can say tonight.
Shaun Mitts::i blame woody for this L, his defense schemes are horrible for a "defensive-minded coach" his switching method sucks and also  for not playing the most efficient player in the game on the 4th qtr (Bargs)
Arsenio Sp::everytime knicks played their main problem is to stop opponents point guard because fatty felton is slow to defend them.trade udrich and felton to a more defensive point guard.
Vontravius Williams::Yep this lose it totale on Mike Woodson. Melo should be banned from the game if she shoots more than 12 shots. 8 for 21 is just plain awful and this is the best game he's had the past 6 weeks pathetic
Erick Gonzalez::Trade Melo now before we get nothing for him.  No way he wants to play for this embarrasing franchise any longer with an owner who endorses a losing coach….
