.Be...Like.Water.::lmFao ...another New York team loses and their lousy fans whine...LOL  b.itch and moan, ladies!!  GG Nets!!!!
The Big Stroonzo::So you swoop in hours after everyone has left to tell us you're a loudmouth, whing about N.Y. fans "whining?"
.Be...Like.Water.::ur cute when ur angry
CircleLimit4::Congrats Nets fans, you guys won fair and square.  You beat an injured team in OT at "home." The fact that you only pulled away after Ronnie Brewer left the game says a lot. If I'm a Nets fan, I wouldn't be so cocky about that win.
russianshoulders::quit $@%!$ ing... cry about the loss some more :)
CircleLimit4::And the Nets got beat by the Warriors with no Bogut or Rush and Minnesota with no Rubio or Love. What's your point?
Ontario925::The Knicks still have a lot more to do before they can make it deep into the Postseason against the top Eastern Conference teams. I'm not talking about just a year but at least 5 years.
Ontario925::What about getting blown out by the lowly Rockets. What is the excuse for that? There is no excuse for that injured or not. Good Eastern Conference teams like the Heat find ways not to lose against below .500 clubs like the Rockets even if half their starters are missing and the other half are blinded folded they have no business being called good talented depth team getting blown out by below .500 chump opponents.
Ontario925::Nets beat the Knicks. Much like last year's Knicks. The Nets are even able to beat teams that continue to give the Knicks trouble every year since 2007 like the Cavaliers. Shaq might have jinxed the Knicks by saying they will go a lot farther than the Nets this year. The Knicks will have to get past the first round of the Postseason to go a lot farther than the Nets. Something they have not accomplished since 2000-01.
UNCTarHeelz725.::"We didn't win because we didn't have THE Iman Shumpert."   - Knick Fans.
UNCTarHeelz725.::Wow, Knick fans were calling the Net fans crazy for chanting Brooklyn.   ?????
garnolfini::It sounded like it was mocking Brooklyn, that's the problem with it.
Rudibager::Nah dude, we're mocking the opposing team, not our own. Real geniuses that root for the Knicks, huh.
GoodenandTheStraw::Some stupid New Yorkers "Brooooooklyyyyn"-Biggie
YaImFromCleveland::Ouch, nice stats Felton
NewcastleFanVL::He tried to play heroball late in the game, LOL !!!!
setrue::Knicks fans..................last call.............................abandon ship..................before it sinks
21DanNYC21::we're still tied for first place.
garnolfini::The only ones abandoning ship are the Felton Fanboys.
21DanNYC21::Tough game tomorrow against the Bucks. Could really use shumpert for that game. JR smith is going to have to step it up defensively. Hopefully Felton has a bounce back game and Kidd can play. Lets start another winning streak boys!
djny2k12::You are in for quite a ride if Knicks cannot win games with Kidd...He's 39...you're naive to think he is going to play all 82 games for the Knicks! That's the risk Knicks took signing him....and back issues are not a joke!
TheAvenger007::Jason Kidd is the most valuable player on the Knicks. Carmelo is obviously the best player but without Kidd, the team will crumble. I know these Veteran guys don't give a hoot what ppl like Barkley says.
Crooklynism::If you're a young fan, it's easy to switch teams after watching the Knicks for the past 12 years
garnolfini::That would be like trading in a sh*t sandwich for a sh*t pizza.
Rudibager::That sh*t must taste great, because both teams are tied in the division.
Excelscior1::The Falleth Cometh  ---The Knicks
KevinOllieSaves::"its April! time for Vacation!"  -the Knicks
Van Buren Boys 2012::Its winter   - Everyone
15pur::Joe Johnson is weak, borderline stinks. This town will eat him alive if he doesnt pick it up. This aint ATL
SPGCPA::JJ will be fine.....
garnolfini::"This town" only cares about the Knicks. He's lucky to be with the expansion Nets.
rEdBuLxTaSy::CAN'T WAIT FOR STATS TO COME BACK...HE'LL RIP THE KNICKS UP :):):)
garnolfini::The only thing he's gonna rip is the seat of his pants, sitting on the bench.
21DanNYC21::we could've used him last night. and against memphis.
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Fans in here saying Kidd is not good defensively? HAHAHA Gotta love these delusional people.
walle D_ D::not delusional, just watching him, let good players drop 30 on him every game, the problem isn't just him though, it sees all of the wing players for the knicks depend to much on chandler, they let their man through way to often, Shumpert should kelp that out.
walle D_ D::the problem is how they let peoplescore, I'm fine with a bunch of threes or jumpers, but kids lateral movement isn't good anymore. He relies on his hands to much, you get alot of steals that way, but people can drive by you way to easily. Other than his D I think Kidd is still a good piece for the knicks. He's the only floor general yall have. (felton is kind of so so)
Van Buren Boys 2012::Harden and Parsons have both been doing that on a lot of teams.  Parsons is easily a most improved player candidate, and Harden is arguably one of the best 4-5 SGs in the league...
walle D_ D::maybe a little exageration, but harden and parsons had a field day with him, parker drove by him every time he wanted to, ( not gonna count super stars thats not fair)
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Players drop 30 on him every night? LMFAO WTH are you watching!?!?
Van Buren Boys 2012::what players have dropped 30 on him, just out of curiousity?
walle D_ D::man lot of spelling mistakes my bad.
SPGCPA::Kidd "was" a good  defensive PG.....years ago....he's still above average, but he' s no longer great as Knicks fans would have you believe....he is a horrible ball on ball defender as any PG with an ounce of quickness blows right buy him....where he excels is playing the passing lanes and help defense where he creates steals....but he couldn't guard anybody one on one...
SPGCPA::I agree that nobody defends one on one anymore....but Kidd has lost a step...hell, he's lost 2-3 steps and PG's just blow by him.....but....he plays the passing lanes well and is a great help defender....
walle D_ D::depends on who your guarding, no ones going to stop durant or anthony from scoring, but to let harden drive by you every play is not good.
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Nobody in the NBA  guards players 1 on 1 effectively.
Van Buren Boys 2012::he's still one of the better defenders in the league.  He's not as good as the "old Jason Kidd" in terms of overall offensive play, but his defense is still among the best for the PG position
21DanNYC21::still, the knicks play better on offense when he is on the court
rEdBuLxTaSy::FATON IS A TURNOVER SCRUB AND KNICKS ARE GARBAGE AS USUAL :):):)
21DanNYC21::still tied for first place in the atlantic.
21DanNYC21::yea, we'll be all alone in first place again, i agree
rEdBuLxTaSy::NOT FOR LONG :):):)
The World is Yours...::NY vs MIA DEC 6 aka " The Payback game"..
21DanNYC21::bring it
Pete Carrolls Victory Dance::nets and knicks will not make the playoffs..
SPGCPA::both will make the playoffs....at least one of them will be ahead of your ancient Celtics...maybe both....
21DanNYC21::thats just stupid, they both will. pretty easily
21DanNYC21::Good game, Nets. You win round 1. Jason Kidd would've helped alot last night, which is weird to say about a 39 year old player, but its true. Someone needed to keep felton in check.
SPGCPA::hey, at least he used back spasms instead of  the "migraine" excuse...
setrue::Jason Old will miss many more games due to "back spasm" this season.  Knicks fans need to come to terms with this fact.
SPGCPA::Kidd was a great player.....he's still a good leader, but on the court, he's not much more than a spot up 3 shooter....at least with him though, the ball keeps moving.....w/o him on the court, the ball goes into Melo..and never comes out....plus our defense did a great job in the 4th quarter bottling up MeLo...
21DanNYC21::i know kidd isn't the dynamic force that he used to be, but felton plays better when he is on the court. everyone does actually
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Knicks was 1 shot away from beating the Nets last night despite having Felton shoot 3-19 and every one else jacking up bricks. Melo had a good look and missed hey things happen. Nets fans should be worried about how things would've ended up if Felton was his normal self scoring 17ppg with 8 assist
Lakermagicshowtime::They make him out to be like a fatter Westbrook or something SMH
SPGCPA::he's actually in pretty good shape this year.......he doesn't suck....but the Knicks got off to a great start, which also made Felton look great.....that won't be his production all year long as teams learn how to play against the small lineup.....and when he's up against the better PG's in the league like CP3 and DWil he's exposed as mediocre....
Lakermagicshowtime::exactly spgcpa, he is an adequate PG not a superstar like some fools in here are make him to be
SPGCPA::so why can't it be....you guys ( the Nets) played a good game.....you won...congrats....but I expect us to win next time ??......Felton undeperformed for the Knicks last night but Chandler picked him up with a career offensive game.....from a Nets standpoint, DWil shot almost as bad as Felton did, but did other things well.....and Lopez was the Lopez we've seen most of this year....  The Nets won...and deserved the win.....it's one game....stop acting like Felton is some kind of great PG....he's not....he's a journeyman......he'll play good against the crappier PG's and the good ones will light him up.....
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::He played great against Mike Conley ( defensive PG ) and great against Tony Parker also he did pretty good against Jrue Holiday.
21DanNYC21::i pretty much said that.
Lakermagicshowtime::he was a liability on defense in Dallas the last 2 or 3 season
21DanNYC21::he's still better defensively than half the pgs in the league
Lakermagicshowtime::when he was 29 not 39
Lakermagicshowtime::Being top 10 in steals dont means your good defensively it means you gamble a lot on defense either you get the steal or get burned big time
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Dude lay off the crack ok, Kidd is a 9 time All defensive team. The dude is great on the defensive end
walle D_ D::exactly
SPGCPA::and you neglect that DWil shot 6-17...which is almost as bad as Felton....quit with the excuses already....you lost....get over it......this is why people hate Knicks fans...always an excuse....dbags...
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Excuses? Are you BLIND? the Nets had 4 guys in double figures the Knicks had only 2 and still almost WON, If Melo had hit that shot in the final seconds Knicks win
walle D_ D::he also had 14 asist
21DanNYC21::we're just talking about the game, you're the one being the Dbag
walle D_ D::by the way, Jason kidds D is not very good, Joe Johnson and Daron Williams would have had a field day on him.
walle D_ D::SO the fact that Jermy Lin gets a bunch of steals makes him a dffensive master? I'm sorry but I've seen Kidd get lit up by good shooters to much this season.
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Jason Kidd is not very good defensively? LMAO the guy is top 10 in the league in steals  this year and he only plays 20-25 minutes a night
walle D_ D::what would make a difference is shumpert, one of the best on ball defenders in the league with tony allen, Avry bradly, and Lebron James.
21DanNYC21::jason kidd is still annoying defensively and he would have helped felton on the offensive side
setrue::Felton is reverting to his norm while playing in Portland &amp; Denver last season.  You'll be seeing that norm more often.
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Felton played like crap in Portland because he wasn't happy out there plain and simple and in Denver he wasnt getting burn because of Lawson but Felton is playing like he did this season before he got traded to Denver this was his first bad game of the season
Lakermagicshowtime::You dont mention that Tyson Chandler scored 28 freaking points that more than negates Felton bad shooting, there is a bigger chance of Felton scoring 17 than chandler getting close to sniff 28 points again this season
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Actually Chandler had a 23 pt game 2 nights before I believe and Felton had 15pts with 10 assist and Melo had 29pts. Tyson is getting it going offensively from time to time and if Felton was his normal self Knicks win easy
Jubin3567::I get: Kevin Love and Omer Asik He gets: Paul George and David West  Good trade or bad trade ?
walle D_ D::great trade, kevein love is an all star, and asik will be a decent Center, he will put up  14 pts a game just from playing with good floor generals this year. Not to mention the rebounding and blocks.
Lakermagicshowtime::Have to laugh, yesterday it was all about "this is a statement game" for  the Knicks and today is "wait until we are healthy",you take Melo out and the Knicks are lottery bound, the Nets have the best personel this season
Lakermagicshowtime::Well i think he did the right thing by letting Lin walk especially if they get what the Rockets are getting from him, they overpaid enough for Stat and chandler
Lakermagicshowtime::I still cant wrap my head about the fact that Dolan didnt waited until the FA season to sign Melo and instead went and sent half the team to Denver, if he was patient he would have a hell of a contender right now.
walle D_ D::Yep, but dolan seems to do alot of stupid things, should got something for Lin, I mean come on we traded so much for harden, they probably could have gotten a first rounder from morey and the rockets for Lin at that point.
Lakermagicshowtime::well against the Knicks they do thats what im reffering to, and as a Lakers fan i get a kick out of calling a team older than the Lakers, the Knicks are a lower seed 1st round fooder ,they sprinted right out of the gate but they are coming down to earth now. 45 win team and oh yeah Johnson is grossly overpaid too
walle D_ D::true, knicks will be better with shumpert back though. James Harden owned Jason kid and I dont think he would do the same to shumpert. Parsons on the other hand is hard to guard so I  can see why he dropped 31.
walle D_ D::I wouldnt say have the best personel, spurs, heat, and thunder all have better players, even the lakers have great players(bad bench), but definitely better than the knicks. Still dont like Joe Johnson though, doesnt seem like a star to me.
Lakermagicshowtime::The LAkers bench is finally showing signs of life, there is no reason why Jamison and Meeks should t contribute and Morris have emerge as a ok back up. and they might bring Pietrus in.
TheAvenger007::Knicks are doing good without 2 of their starters. They will have to keep playing extra hard and ignore Charles Barkley. Sorry Chuck... The Nets aren't better than a healthy Knicks team.
Lakermagicshowtime::They overpaying too much for him to send him to the bench, but that could be a good idea
walle D_ D::gotta do the best with what you got, and Carmelo playing the 4 is amazing for the knicks, he may not be a point forward like Lebron, but his scoring is drastically improved while playing against 4s. Scored like 30 on morris and patterson in H-TOwn, but only 7 against Parsons.
walle D_ D::I think stoudamire would be better coming off the bench, with Jason kidd. It would greatly improve the bench's continuity, whenever Carmelo is out they cant seem to score.
Td4mvp3::spurs &gt; your team...fact!
Pete Carrolls Victory Dance::the knicks are not good, the nets are not good... nuff said
TheAvenger007::Your comment is not good.
ArjunCelticsFan::go check out this new sports blog: www.isportslife.wordpress.com/
666 is the mark of the beast::the nets and the knicks should combine squads and maybe theyll make the playoffs
Heat_Master_Sage::in fairness lin still sucks
setrue::in fairness Lebron is balding, badly
ArjunCelticsFan::go check out this new sports blog: http://isportslife.wordpress.com/
setrue::"Send in the Asian kid who is waiting for his opportunity to shine!" -Woodson  "That was last season, our dumb owner let him walk for nothing in return." -Asst. Coach  "Oh $hitz, who's going to save my job?"
petehc1::The Knicks choked this one away. More good looks missed in the last quarter and OT than they've had in weeks. When they play that badly they deserve to lose.
setrue::"Send in that Asian kid who looking for a chance to shine!" -Woodson  "Woody, that was last season, our dumb owner let him walk for nothing in return." -Asst. Coach  "Oh $hitz, who going to save my job?"
walle D_ D::Fatty Felton will, he took more shots than Carmelo in the last 7 minutes, he can save the day!!!!!
SjGMEN77::Enjoy your 2 week key to the city Nets. Knicks will meet you again Dec. 11 to take it back.
petehc1::You would hope so.......but after playing with their craniums jammed up their anal orifices last night........there's no guarantee.
garnolfini::Pau Gasol and a better PG would have helped the Knicks last night. Time to ship Amare to LAL and to bench Felton.
Lakermagicshowtime::hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha, the Lakers arent the Knicks that love to give humongous bad contracts to has beens, thats why the Lakers keep being contenders year in year out and the Knicks are a joke and cant get rid of Amare after overpaying for him
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Nobody is taking Amare and Gasol is having Knee problems right now so I doubt any team would want to deal with that
Lakermagicshowtime::At least Gasol is playing, amar'e havent play a minute this season
SPGCPA::why in the world would LAL take Amare ???...for gasol ???....they would laugh in the Knicks faces
SjGMEN77::D'Antoni ain't that drunk to do that trade. Baby Buss, maybe.
SjGMEN77::Felton had an off night. Any good PG can have an off night. Ask CP3. He'll bounce back in round 2.
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Agree but some of these fans have never heard of a player having an off night
666 is the mark of the beast::hahahahaha
SjGMEN77::That was a fun game to watch. Brooklyn won round 1, but the Knicks will bounce back for round 2. They're not going away that easily.
666 is the mark of the beast::i like how the knicks were saying its not a rivalry... lol yaa its not a rivalry because both teams suck a lot... not only that.. the knicks have never been good.. the nets actually have had more success as of late... so no its not a rivalry because its a barely watchable basketball game
spcoon::both teams suck at 9-4? and last night's game was barely watchable? i guess you have an early bed time and missed the broadcast. that game was hype.
666 is the mark of the beast::tyson chandler sucks
HookemHelwig::The Knicks and the Nets will def be fun to watch the next few years, to be sure.
666 is the mark of the beast::if u like watching drag queen deron williams carve up a junior high defensive setup by the knicks.. then yess itll be fun
HookemHelwig::The ring is not just an Obama phone calling
SjGMEN77::Chandler &gt; Any center in the East. $@%! noob.
jusbone::tyson chandler will nevvvvvvver have a game on offense like that again.....in his career.
HookemHelwig::Maybe, maybe not, but he is a top 3 big man with a ring......and is more than capable of being a big cog in winning another championship on any team.
SPGCPA::top 3 big man ???.....on his own team maybe ...
Mr. Damoan::Any team that is not the Knicks maybe?
HookemHelwig::It is just one game......let's see where the teams stand after the Allstar break....... BTW, Mark Cuban should be ashamed for letting T Chandler go elsewhere.....
Dave6673::I didn't watch the game, did Melo run into anyone's $@%? or did he just shoot bad all night?
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::It took the Nets OT to beat a KNicks team who only had 2 players in double figures while the rest of the team shot bricks all night? LOL NO way Nets are better especially if the Knicks are on there A game
spcoon::there's a reason the knicks only had two guys in double figures. it's called defense.
Mr. Damoan::But still better than the over rated won 9 games this season Knicks! Nice try but the Nuggets are a  better team that has only had three home games all year long so make it what you will. Carmella is overreated homie.
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Ok, Dont forget to take your Meds bro
Mr. Damoan::facts that the same ol nuggets play for the Knicks is a fact, the nugets have more wins since the trade is a fact! These are fact so you were saying?
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::More wins? Dude Melo left that team with a WINNING record and Last year was a short season so yeah they take advantage and won games but how are they doing this year? NOT GOOD. Gallo SUCKS, Chandler SUCKS and Mozgov thats why the Nuggets are average at BEST
Mr. Damoan::why you mad at the facts bro?
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Facts?  Knicks 9-4 Nuggets 8-7 yeah there goes your facts, Move on hater
Mr. Damoan::Get over Knick fans your team is the same ol Nuggets team Carmella left behind. And the Nuggets are still a better team too!
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Whats their record? Thank you! Stop hating bro.
garnolfini::This game has destroyed the credibility of the numerous Felton Fanboys.
-FlyEaglesFly-::both teams suck
SjGMEN77::Your Eagles suck harder.
uconn1511::d will&gt; felton  Joe Johnson&gt; Kidd or Brewer    Melo&gt; Wallace. Humphries &gt; kurt thomas        Lopez is better offesnively while chandler is better defensively and rebounding so thats a wash.... but to me it seems the nets are better at every position besides forward with Melo.      Bench, Evans, brooks, bogans, blatche, stackhouse, childress, taylor, Toko             Knicks- camby, thomas, prigioni, novak, Jr, Whte...... now thats a close debate.
SjGMEN77::Johnson is garbage. Kidd even in his age can run circles around him.  Nets bench did an upgrade with Evans, Blatche and Stackhouse. Brooklyn won round 1, but Knicks will be back for round 2.
SPGCPA::LOL at Kidd better than JJ.....too funny.....
-FlyEaglesFly-::wow, i liked the Knicks and Nets fans more, when they sucked. now i know why i hate the new york fanbase again.
SjGMEN77::Just like the Eagles and 0 SB titles. No one loves the Eagles chump.
Jubin3567::Knicks fans got quiet all of the sudden !
uconn1511::J- kidd. kurt thomas, camby, prigioni, and sheed probably all have Life Alert in case they fall on the court.
uconn1511::Watson,jose calderon, andre miller, jarret jack.... all miles ahead of a guy who has played 13 nba games.
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Because he gets no minutes, Woodson gives this guy no burn why? IDK and yes theres times he averages about 3 assists in the few minutes hes in the game. You should watch a Knicks game more often
brandonlee561heat22::He averages less than 3 assists per game
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::WOW I see you have never seen him play, Pablo is nasty on the defensive end and at being a floor general why he doesnt get more minutes especially last night with Felton having an off night is beyond me. The guy averages a steal the first minutes his on the court and about 3-4 assist with in 3 minutes of action. Give this guy 30 minutes a night he would be well over 8 assist a game
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Yet Prigioni is by far one of the BEST backup PG in the league right now and could most likely start on any other team
uconn1511::13 games in. Wait till the end of the season when their bodies are not able to keep up what they have been doing.
Van Buren Boys 2012::the "this team is so old" jokes aren't really as funny when those players help get you to one of the best records in the league...
Vjo33::True. but they're still the knicks! and they have to fail. that's all they know to do in the end.
Lakermagicshowtime::I have to laugh, yesterday it was all about that this was a statement game for the Knicks they lost and now people talk that they not healthy and whah whah whah. In reality the Nets have a better and younger team than the Knicks and the Knicks are starting to come down from the fast start. Good game though
RO7NY::They have 3 more games against each other... this was the first of 4.  The Knicks didn't execute well in the OT... They will learn and adjust.  Also don't count on Jerry Stackhouse to keep putting up games like he did last night.  That was an anomale to say the least.... but a clutch performance and bad timing for a horrible shooting night for Felton.    Either way, great game... The best team in NYC will be determined at the end of the season not by 1 game.
fdavidson1106::Only thing more fun than making fun of the Knicks, watching the Nets beat the knicks, and then making fun of the Knicks.
richka523::Great game and crowd seemed into it and evenly divided.  But, these were probably a lot of Net ticketholders since this was supposed to be opening night for Nets in Brooklyn.  How many will show up for next Knicks game (or how many will be able to get tickets after Knick fans have bought them up)?
linnyhero::You are wrong about that because knick fans were out in full force during that game. It seemed like a home game for the knicks.
