cmrn631::I want to thank the Washington WIzards for JaVale. Nene is a great guy but JaVale brings the energy
gatorfan3715::Hopefully the nuggets can get another win tonight in Houston.
grungewasfun::HOW OBAMA GOT TOBE PREZ AGAIN......    thank you to all idiots out there for voting me......  - OBAMA  hispanics, blacks, free ebt handouts, THE VIEW, UNINFORMED college students ( these students by the time they start working... they will be so much in debt cos of obama ..congrATS COLLEGE STUDENTS YOUR FAITHFUL BLINDNESS DOOM YOUR CAREEER........more
DoubleDsBeForMes::The other thing I don't understand is why Frank isn't letting Drummond play more?  We're not contending as it is and Drummond has played fairly well when on the floor.  I could see if he was lost and looking like a scared sheep out there but he looks pretty comfortable and seems to have a decent BB IQ.
charlie hustle bets the over::he looked really solid last night.  huge BE fan here so loved watching him at uconn.  a few times mcgee did whatever he wanted, but that had more to do with ty and dre setting him up.
pasmith8::Looking like another year the Pistons don't even build a badwagon to jump onto.
DoubleDsBeForMes::Stuckey needs to go.
aeggroll::Joe D and mini franks need to go.  Joe has burned up all the good will he earned in the 00s
Sniper_Brosef::Any studs in the 2013 NBA Draft?  Or is it too early to give up on my Pistons?  Also, can we please fire Lawrence Frank?!?
President of TROLLS::.
sports guy12::"Darn we should have stayed in Denver"- Carmelo Anthony and J.R. Smith
Kass8186::Yeah right lol
Basketballfam16589::Jorge198306 Ty Lawson is most underrated PG in NBA. ___________ Kyle Lowry
shytownbulls012::Been betting with an online system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months. I have made over $3,000 a month now for three straight months since I started following it. This system was on the very first page of Google when I searched terms like Baseball Betting System or Sports Betting System.
diehardnr1::1106 (pm) should become the new 420....
diehardnr1::Great night!  Obama re-elected Pot legalized in CO first Nuggets win  Talk about a trifecta!
michrules97::Sick of this Pistons team, and I think it's time for Dumars to go!  Clearly he had no specific thoughts in mind when putting this team together...it's like he took a bunch of random average to garbage players, didn't consider position or anything like that, and just put them on this team...  What a joke!
vinny del negro sees 3 moves behind::lmao @ the p.iss-tons
diehardnr1::I wonder how much Taco Bell paid rhe Nuggets to be stuck at 99 pts 4 mins and for Dre and Gallo to shank their shots to keep it at 109?  lol  Screw the tacos...Nuggets (and the fans) got what they really needed...a W!  GO NUGGETS!!!
ozob37::Pistons back court is flat out awful. They seem even worse than they did last year.
ozob37::Monroe is really a quality forward, and Drummond could become a beast soon. But we desperately need help in the back court. What are we gonna do?
Jorge198306::Ty  Lawson  is  most underrated PG in NBA.
Basketballfam16589::nope, Kyle Lowry is
johngood932::When is Bill Pullman going to be elected president?
Sterling8673::With the first pick of the 2013 NBA Draft, the Detroit Pistons selected Foo Foo Do Do, a 5-7 290 pound center from Attica State Prison.  With the second first round pick they have in the 2013 NBA Draft, the Pistons select WEE WEE PEE PEE, a 7-5, 156 pound point guard from Sudan.  PEE PEE and DO DO should give the Pistons quite a mixture in the upcoming season.
Seandizzle14::I don't get the joke. You had me at foo foo and wee wee.
Sterling8673::The Pistons under Dumars are known for having power forwards who are 7 inches too short or small forwards who are skinny and tall.  7-5 156 pound POINT GUARD.  5-7 290 pound CENTER.  PEE PEE and DO DO!
Sterling8673::Joe Dumars should be fired for putting this clown of a Detroit team together.  He should be fired for still having Tayshun Prince on the team five years after he should have traded him.  He should be fired for hiring a loser like Lawrence Frank, who should be fired for starting Prince and Jason Maxiel.  It's time Tom Gores clean out the old Bill Davidson groupies and become his own man.  Hire Bill Laimbeer as the head coach and Isiah Thomas as your director of scouting.
Drew_Atreides::I'm not sure i would let Zeke withing 50 feet of this team.
y2jayalmighty::who are the pistons gonna draft  with the first pick? a 7 footer from lithuania? better be someone that can actually shoot and score. trade stuckey now. will anyone take him? that guy has always sucked. didnt they just resign him? lots of questions, sorry
Chis Broussards source::They probably won't get the #1 pick even if they get the worst record.
Chis Broussards source::It's just unlikely. Only a 25% chance of it happening with the worst record.
y2jayalmighty::bad luck you say?
spongebob101945::forget amsterdam, im coming to denver
Sterling8673::I am so happy that native Detroiter Mitt Romney got his a.. whipped tonight that I won't even comment on how bad my Detroit Pissed Ons are.
ozob37::Don't call him a Detroiter...  He's probably headed to the Cayman Islands to count his money.
diehardnr1::and lick his wounds
JimDetroitFan95::Nice speech Mitt.  If only the people on both sides would work together to benefit the people, as you say you desire.  I would love to see that.
Basketballfam16589::nuggets are bad news
CandySparker::Dala Lotta Love!
CBass1317::Can't trust a mormon.  That is for damn sure.
Sterling8673::Not with all those wives they have.
AustinPHL::Well I felt now would be a good time to say to Mitt folks...  OOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWNNNNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!
washheightsboy3::Thanks to the legalization of marijuana, Denver is no longer a fly over city for NBA super stars.
Kamikazi02::We gonna attract the next big superstar to sign with us... MJ.
HEAT_FAN_SINCE_2012::Congratulations George  W. Bush
ddolph2822::Respect to the great people of Colorado who voted in favor of legalization.
washheightsboy3::How many rocky mountain high jokes are we going to have to hear now?
Anom.::I went on Twitter too see what my friends were up to, so I quickly logged out after seeing all the racist pro-Romney denial and took a dump.
Sacjai::Why are all your friends racists?
CBass1317::LMFAO
Thurmooooooonater41::I'm wearing a Obama T-shirt to my campus tomorrow!! HAhahaah!! I wish those b*tches say something smart!!  (Texas A&amp;M= Super conservative)
Detroit Everything::that's cute. Too bad it's all fake.
CBass1317::It's like a digital $@%!.
AustinBeal::The Pepsi Center will reach a record number of concession sales this year at Nuggets games. A lot of people gonna have the MUNCHIES!!!
Rusty Shackellford::i hope cali doesn't legalize weed. you're just begging the DEA to step in.
xXLil_Haze24Xx::Already legal Medically
MrSluggo25::The DEA isnt doing anything Obama has his reelection . He doesnt need to pretend to be moderate anymore. This will be a LIBERAL 4 years,.
dodgerblue2224::Not when its generating billions for K-12 education.   I'd like to see a liberal President take money out of education for no reason. Not going to happen.
Td4mvp3::spurs would beat pistons by at least 40
diehardnr1::fitting...since thats the avg age of your front court...
Td4mvp3::when is weed ever gonna get legalized in Texas?....damnit!
diehardnr1::when it secedes...or starts voting BLUE
Philip3664::Pistons the only winless team now?
zippyman7589::the great dc wizards are 0-2
13Datty40Zetty::we (celtics) play the wiz tomorrow so we better stomp them to 0-3
Philip3664::They'll probably get a win before the Pistons
Td4mvp3::they suk man
Anom.::Probably. Even the F-in Bobcats have a win
heisman1012::how to solve the deficit: legalize weed and tax it about 400%
Sacjai::That'll pay for a couple lung transplants for Medicare patients.
Anom.::Are there any other winless teams the Pistons could gift-wrap a win to?
denn19641::Wizards I guess.
Td4mvp3::they suk so bad man
Td4mvp3::looks like spurs been eatin their Obama O's every day before the games
TheBrownestBob::If I'm the Cavs, I'm getting on the phone right now to offer Detroit one of our many extra first round picks, a second round pick, Tristan Thompson, and anyone else not named Anderson Varejao, Kyrie Irving, or Dion Waiters for Greg Monroe.  He's obviously their best player, but he doesn't seem like a guy that is gonna help the Pistons win a lot of games and they clearly need to blow it up and start over.  (Obviously, I just want Greg Monroe to be the Cavs starting PF!)
CBass1317::Blow it up??  Monroe, Drummond, Knight, Singler all on rookie deals.  Plus Jerebko is young and another high lottery pick coming after this year.  Not a sure thing but no need to blow up.
yata-9arasu::Varejao + Lakers pick + Second rounder for Monroe
yata-9arasu::We could put him at C too....  I would be willing to give up Varejao for Monroe.  Just because he is so young and has the potential to be a top center in the league.
CBass1317::Why would the Pistons want to pay Varejao when they get two more years of cheap developing Monroe?  Terrible trade.
jayeteee::Maybe Clinton will come to CO and learn how to inhale a bong this time.
brandonlee561heat22::Nice game for Iggy
2215Tommy::0-4 Don't worry Pistons.  WE GOT THIS! Pistons 2012-2013 Champions!!!!   Because Rodney Stuckey is MVP material.
Milkman. 14::<b>"gonna be a long night. get me some coffee and milk. hold the coffee"  -romney</b>
Trev28nba::Maybe pull out a binder of women or two?
Milkman. 14::"i like the way you think"  -bill clinton
yata-9arasu::Lol.  That was funny.
yata-9arasu::Btw...  When I made that comment about which news station was more biased I said the Liberal stations because they just are.  Don't get me wrong...  Fox news is bad but MSNBC is even worse when it comes to making their side look right.  And this is going from a liberal.  Lol.  I watch all sides and even listen to Republican talk shows.  Nice to see a different perspective.  Both sides are passionate about helping us get back on track the, but extremism is the problem(IE.  Obama is a communist/socialist or Romney hates welfare and helping poor people).  Everyone just needs to stop and grow up.
jared575757::Washington state  according to cnn and NBC as the first state to make pot legal
