jcitrynell::I hate the Celtics. This is great to watch these old washed up players try and compete. The cherry on this cake would be to watch Garnett get punched in his face.
Cougar_Hunter_30::Haha, the Celtics are complete garbage and I love it. GO LAKERS!
chubby rain::Hey Pacer fans, shut up and play somebody, the only team u have beaten with a winning record is the Hawks, ohhhh wow, that's a automatic berth into the eastern conference finals, NOT!!
Taco with a Q::So honestly if you wanna cry....cry to the NBA about the schedual!!!!  Or shut the $@%! up and crawl back in your $@%!$@%!
Taco with a Q::yada yada yada......I really saw nothing relevent on this post....
jcitrynell::Pacers are 9-3. Thats a decent start
iownamicrowave::yawn.
BigRRules::less than 750 comments on a Celtic's game.  That shows how relevant they've become.
mcclintockwill::no.  most boston fans dont even know about the game, they were all watching the pats
hioh631::Celts have OKC coming up... that is going to be painful to watch.
chrisdad4::Wishful thinking here, but how about this lineup for 2012-13 for Celtics PG:Rondo, Dooling SG: Eric Gordon/OJ Mayo, Moore SF: Jeff Green, Pierce PF: Sullinger, Johnson C: Dwight Howard, Steimsma Probably no chance, but who knows
Taco with a Q::I dont see Gordon going to the Celtics....I can see you getting Sullinger however
hioh631::Yea, no chance.
CosmoKramer1444::YEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS   Will never happen though.
jrawlston77::WERE BACK, WERE FINALLY BACK
Football8349544::E'twuan Moore got 20 minutes is this a sign of Doc Trusting him
dbaerry::dumb post
CosmoKramer1444::Dumb $@%^
RDHCards1996::Pacers &gt; every other NBA team.  Plain and simple, we have 7 starters and we can beat anybody. EAT IT...hansbrough is a boss We smack talk and we dunk in yo face
Taco with a Q::chubby rain...who gives a flying $@%!?   we have played somebody....12 games to be exact :)
chubby rain::Play somebody, who have u beaten with a winning record?
Taco with a Q::As a Pacers fan I'm not gonna go overboard...but I am VERY impressed with this team and I love how 7 players are averaging over 10ppg
dbaerry::I Don't  Intend On That
Jagger0012::I.d.i.o.t
dmarz7588::thats fine, id go 4 that. if were gonna lose anyway we might as well get the kids sum playin time 2 develop them. let me break it down. I like steimsma very much &amp; thjink he can b really good. moore &amp; johnson need time 2 develop &amp; i need 2 c more from them as far as offense cuz so far im not impressed with eithers shooting as well as bradley...however, i luv bradleys "d" &amp; he is pressing which we really need 2 do. the only reason hes called 4 so many foulks is cuz he is a nobody right now guarding name players &amp; thats unfortunately is the name of the game 4 the refs 2 protect nba investments which is a f'n shame. if its a foul, its a foul &amp; if its not, its not...real simple. im sick of c'n everytime a star drives the lane &amp; he does not make the shot its an auto foul. remember when pierce used 2 get those calls, even the refs know hes done...so sad
Road dog Red::Exactly..back when.. the BENCH was how older players stayed on a team past their prime...teach the kids the tricks and tools of the trade...thats what need to happen here. Now KG , off the bench, can actually go out there and be a jerk, ..hammer opposing players when he fouls them and talk crap...his fouls won't be an issue..its the perfect role for him
green solution::Your posts are great. I completely agree. I wish Doc and Danny would read this. They are clueless right now. Let KG, PP AND Ray come off the bench and use up fouls if they have to. Only the athletes start and run with Rondo, and finish with their youth at the end of the game. Except for Rondo, I've never seem a slower and more sluggish starting 5 in memory. There is no quickness and even less toughness. They're are winded and just watch the opposition run past them. JO is a statue. Oh Doc?
Road dog Red::They are going to lose starting KG, PP and Ray,,,not only are they going to fall behind early, they aren't strong enough to finish a game  Not only is their 'balance' gone, their athleticism is as well..they can't get to those loose balls, there's no burst of energy or speed.... Their best roles are off the bench, providing that experience and 5-10 HARD minutes of play each half..They won't have to be what they were anymore..they'll just have to be GOOD and TOUGH
ken0746::that means Celtics are becoming garbage and irrevelant for another 2 decades
Road dog Red::dmarz7588 but what talent they have left is better than anything on r bench. ------------------ Talent in name only and talent ONLY in spurts...They are going to lose starting KG, PP and Ray,,,not only are they going to fall behind early, they aren't strong enough to finish a game all things being equal.(losing).then it time to develop Moore, Johnson and Siesma..playing along side of Rondo, Bass and Pietrus.. this ain't for the faint of hearts..gotta show sum balls
dmarz7588::RDR, if we start the bench then we will lose by even more points. we r only able 2 stay with a team a lil with the starters. when the bench comes in no 1 can make a basket most of the time &amp; we always fall behind even more...bottom line, this team sux...all thje way round
dmarz7588::but what talent they have left is better than anything on r bench...trust me, ive been watching &amp; its like watching a horror movie at times...u just dont wanna watch!
dmarz7588::start the bench &amp; it will....im sorry, sad but true
Road dog Red::The old guys aren't strong enough to start
Road dog Red::RDR, if we start the bench then we will lose by even more points.  Heck they are down by 20 points in most  FIRST quarters..can't get much worse than that
dmarz7588::dont know bout u RDR but watching the celtics &amp; the extra chance points after d'n up really well on 1st attempt &amp; the other team gettin the off rebound is startin 2 get rediculous &amp;......I am tired of watching other teams players sittin at the 3 pt line open for the j cuz we r 2 lazy 2 get out &amp; defend it. Also, speakin of defendin, whats up with r weak side help or the lack of it. if a guy gets beat goin 2 the basket no1 offers 2 help. i honestly c this team just goin thru the motions &amp; continuin 2 keep doin what there doin. if they win that way fine if not, who cares. certainly not them it looks like. I seriously am embarrassed everytime i watch the celtic play &amp; they should b 2 if they had any pride left....in 1 word they r horrible. whos gonna fix this....doc...ha...give me a break. i'm predicting this is his last year 2, it certainly should b
Road dog Red::They are in good shape body wise, cardio and condition..but  what i've notice is it comes down to balance. When you get older and play basketball..it always feels yer off balance. from yer jab step, stop and go dribble, jumpshot or defense..it's just one sliver off..its NEVER right I see the same thing in Ray, PP and KG..and now they have to come off the bench and give that gritty 10-15 minutes a game. the young players have to statr and FINISH with maybe one or two of the Big Three on the floor.
dmarz7588::it doesnt matter who play if u cant shoot &amp; other than allen &amp; pietrius, we cannot shoot the ball or f'n rebound. it f'n sickens me.....btw, never thought doc was a good coach, he just had talent......at 1 time that is!
dmarz7588::agreed........ainge needs 2 do sumthin ASAP &amp; i think it's just a matter of time. we have been gettin old &amp; i think ainge has been hangin on 2 a dream but the dream is f'n over guys. i agree, pierce is not aging well
dbaerry::pierce is lookin like an old man out there
Road dog Red::Yeah..he's done....no lift, no power,,and as what happens when 'it over'...NO BALANCE,,,KG also...his balance is gone..that seals the deal...can't be all-around players any more...only a specialist..either Scoring, Rebounding or Defense...but not 2 or 3 at the same time.. Thats when 'its over'
Road dog Red::Doc NEVER develops young players....he great at playcalling.....but totally sucks when it comes to integrating young players
Road dog Red::KG, PP and Ray are now bench players and should be coming off the bench time to become a real coach Doc...lets see what ya got
Road dog Red::Celtics  SUCK  The bench have to become the starters and  the 'starters' should be coming off the bench
dmarz7588::I have always been a celtic fan from the days of larry bird but i've wayched almost every celtic game this year &amp; they are horrible. It is embarrassing 4 me 2 watch a team goin down the tubes. I thought this team would b fine after gettin it 2gether but it is now obvious 2 me that this will not happen. I get so tired of watching the lack of execution on the boards...terrible rebounding team &amp; they miss so many easy shots it is rediculous. I don't know bout u but when I watch the celtics I c a team just goin thru the motions with no drive. I think even they know there done. It I was ainge i would start now to rebuild the future. Trade garnett, pierce, &amp; allen if u can &amp; get sumthin 4 them cuz they r done. o'neil will retire &amp; should have already. I'm not really convinced that su of r youth is really all that good either. we r f'n horrible &amp; need 2 start the rebuilding process ASAP. Please, I can't f'n watch the onslaught anymore.
Jawa_x::Finally, you know how us Pacer fans have felt since 05. Time to rebuild.
dbaerry::well said, sir. exactly how I feel
dbaerry::wtf celtcs? ur too old and worn out, well now imma call em the used condom
ECUmaniac252::The Pacers are just a really good team this year, especially at home.
green solution::Cs coaching staff decides on starting line-up based upon their salaries, marketing and saving face. It's like Doc, Danny and Wyc are looking for their parents to bail them out of a jam. Young, speed, quickness, LAYUPS! Play the kids, Doc, and use those "starting" four be the reserves and the hungry, fast younger warriors run with Rajon.
mdtuzo::celtics are terrible
Shaun0088::Never seen so many trolls in one place.
THE B.E.A.S.T. - PART 9::A leprechaun is sort of like a troll.
Dave34613::Had you bet that the Celtics would score more points in their first half than the Patriots would score in their first half, you would be broke and angry right now.......35-35
Luclongley_MVP::Now its time for the Celtics to get demolished by the Thunder.
nba is the worst::Celtics are making progress - only one 16-pt quarter...
gwaller8::Time to rebuild in Boston.  I bet the Pacers are reminded every time how great it is to not have JO on the payroll any more.  How many sac taps did KG have in this game?  He sure loves to touch sacs.
CandySparker::I like Pacers and Packers.
kamboMODERN::Chris Bosh has a long neck
Brad Machado::This all falls on the head of the moron general manager. Stupid trades, crappy drafting and this is what happens.
birdman._.::682 total comments.  No one cares about boston anymore not even their own fans and not even the spammers
hurryCANEmang::LOL @ Boston fans crying.   GO HEAT
HoofiusRex::Lake Show and the C's are done for awhile.. you guys were due.
birdman._.::celtics were 1 and done from the start
jcmcc3::Well,at least the Celtics lost......
junkmailboy1000::this hectic season def does not suit older teams, aka Boston
J-SMOOVE2017::pg:  rondo sg:  allen sf:  durant pf:  ibaka c:  perkins 6th man: harden  that makes the thunder better
J-SMOOVE2017::Best trade for Celtics  Thunder get:  Ray Allen, Rajon Rondo Celtics get:  Russell Westbrook, 1st rd pick
Shaun0088::Keep that ballhog with the Thunder.
fishhook44::You MIGHT be able to pull off Rondo with a player or pic, for Westbrook
fishhook44::There is a reason that EVERY major ESPN analyst says Russell Westbrook and star power, its because he does.  Rondo is great player and defender, but he has hit his ceiling,  And Ray Allen is not worth a first round pic.
fishhook44::LOL   This would be one of the worst trades in the history of the league.  I mean I wouldn't blame the Celtics for doing it, but the GM of OKC would have be a three year old girl to do something that stupid.
zztomm::No thanks. Westbrook scores a little better but Rondo is better at everything else.
Shaun0088::Your high if you think that.
J-SMOOVE2017::Rondo is a little overrated dude.
J-SMOOVE2017::garnett clears cap space in the offseason and JO is retiring.
zztomm::2012-13 starting lineup: PG Rondo SG Monta Ellis SF anybody not named Pierce PF Sullinger C  anybody not named Oneal Asst coach Ray Allen  Pierce and KG ...........GONE!!!
Brad Machado::Monta Ellis? They don't need that stupid pervert.
J-SMOOVE2017::pacers players sure are talking smack after this game. roy hibbert and danny granger are total douce.bags. at least win ONE playoff series before acting like you are some sort of contender in the east.
WinstonChurchill131::Because every Celtics fan is a pathetic little baby girl.
Taco with a Q::We heard you cry the first time...why you have to repost???  Plus I never heard them making fun of anyone...but then again some people are very sensitive...lol
green solution::Pierce Garnett and O'Neal are absolutely the slowest and least intimidating front court in recent Celtic (and maybe NBA( history. Don't be fooled by some point and rebound totals that look OK now and then. Doc, you're in love with ghosts. Have PP as a backup shooting guard. Have Rondo run with the the young guys. Steimsa over O'glass. JJ and Moore in all the time. Rondo will SHINE with this. And the Big 3 provide the backup and stability during shorter periods within the game. We need athleticism, layouts and a fierce front court. That starting 5 (less Rondo) is getting run over, and I don't see any end to it. No quickness, no legs and no punishment doled out.
zztomm::C's have old starters, almost no bench( except Bass) . 4-7  is actually a great record. They should be 2-9 right now.
birdman._.::They beat the wizards (twice) detroit and the nets.  You sound stupid for saying should be 2-9 right now lol.
zztomm::The next game J oneal starts will be my first game as a fan of another NBA team
zztomm::EXACTLY!
green solution::JO shouldn't even be on the team. Doc, Danny?
zztomm::I was shocked and disgusted a couple months ago when I heard Jermaine Oneal was still with the Celtics. Still can't believe he is with any NBA  team.
Taco with a Q::I loved JO in Indy..he was a monster at the time....but his career went downhill dramatically when Rasheed Wallace landed on his knee and hyperextended it years back and hasnt been the same .   I'm glad we shipped him away to Toronto when he still had some value.....got the 17th pick back and that got us Roy Hibbert!!!!   That was a great trade!
jtallon8::the bandwagon is leaving boston
Shaun0088::The trolls are staying on the boards though I see.
BigX951::Coach Rivers said we can't run fastbreaks until we get our Hoveround scooters   Signed,  KG, Paul Pierce, and Ray Allen
2524thomas::LOL!!!!!!!!!
green solution::The starting 4 besides Rondo are 5 years older than they need to be. It's not even remotely close. This will not work. Doc, give confidence to all other aside from those 5 guys. Don't destroy the confidence in them, and render them useless for Boston - like you did with and to Sheldon Williams, Semih Erden, Troy Murphy, Nenad Krstic, Jeff Green and many others centers and forwards recently. Play the Purdue kids a ton. Get Steimsa and JJ in there to cut KG's minutes down. Come on.
footballcbrb22::Boston fans r a joke they leave the pats game before the game over and dont even believe in the pats
PackinBay::Pacers are like the hawks keep telling us they have the list to win playoff games and then ........ oh nothing
Taco with a Q::no but they will be in the playoffs
GreyHound914::is it the playoffs yet? oh, that's right... 12 games in
Taco with a Q::I can see the pacers winning some games this year
green solution::Play all the young guys, Doc. Use the HOFers (Big 3) all stars as supporting figures and coaches on the court. You have it the wrong way. The old warriors  don't have it and can't keep up with the hungry, athletic upstarts.. They and you can't see it. You're in denial. JO should be a third center option at best.
mcase94::definitely not with this kind of jam packed back to back season ...bench is gonna have to step up
Brad Machado::If Doc played the young guys they would never win another game. Ainge is making this team into the 16 win team it was when wiggles was here.
green solution::Doc won't really play the bench. He's always fall back to the guys his age. He just can't understand this is a game of youth, speed and quickness. Even I know that.
