Jody George Prats::Props Blazers - much respect  --Heat Fan
Jody George Prats::Can we all agree Rose is no NBA star?
Will McCoy::we agree you are not a good troll
Scott Fishman::if it helps you get cancer, sure.
Clint Czar Jefferson::Can we all agree that your wife is hideous.
Jody George Prats::I called it on the 3rd quarter Rose would fake another injury.
Scott Fishman::get cancer....cvnt.
Brent B Jacoby::u sure did call it!
Christopher Webber::Sad human being Jody...get bent
Isaac Thomas Garner::It's good to see that even when LA and Lillard have a bad game on the same night the team can step up and beat a decent team! RIP CITY!!!
Landon Riggins::Correction... One of the leagues best teams BLAAAAAAAAAZER BASKETBAAAALLLLLLLL!!!!!!!
Fiti Bear::lillard had a good game 6-13  and 3-5  for 3P  and 6 assists rose had a shity game  6-19  and on ly 2-5 for 3p :P
Samuel Baffour::Blazers are just straight out ballin 11-2 record
Cali Native::They'll lose in the playoffs as always.
Brian Hauenstein::I wasn't aware that the players on this years team have played together in the playoffs before. Please tell me more about predicting the future from the irrelevant past
Rhys Williams::Cali Native Last time they were in the playoffs, they gave the eventual NBA Champions a run for their money in 6 games. Almost went to 7.
Eric Witt::Welcome to Portland, Bulls!
Jody George Prats::excellent
Clint Czar Jefferson::I've been to Portland and there's nothing there
Jeremy Schulte::Actually there us alot to do in Portland and around Oregon as well
Matt Johnson::Go Blazers make it 9 straight wins :)
Jake Pool::Not tonite,true blazer shooting form plus they playin a good team,game ova
Mitch Newport::Jake Pool hm it looks like portland is up with 5 and a half minutes left
Fiti Bear::Jake Pool  what did you said not tonight who is good bulls yes true but ehmmmm my blazers are just way better than your bulls  ha !!!
Marcleen Bavogui::lilliard gettng abuse by rose
Fiti Bear::rose 6-19   Lillard  6-13  who was abused by who ? dude rose had another terrible game nothing but ball hog
Jody George Prats::Rose is such a scrub. Lillard is fixin to school the softie.
Eric Witt::Obviously you haven't watched thus far... Lillard seems like he is in awe of Rose. Not playing his game at all and getting outplayed bad. He needs to step it up! Go Blazers!
Jake Pool::48-27 already,they wont be meeting,rose will rest while the rest of the team dominates.this aint the wizards buddy,bulls play defense portland cant
Eddy Saleh::How's that working out. I bet u wish u erased this.
Tyler Moss::Derrek Rose. I would like you to meet Damian Lillard.
Don Layton::But you'll have to wait until after the game for autographs.
Lu Kane::This is funny cus wasn't Lillard wearing roses shoes last year, Lillard also talks about how he modeled his game after rosé....so pretty sure if anybody is looking for a autograph it's gonna  be Damian.
Tyler Moss::Show me where Lillard said he models his game after Rose
John Martin::All these posts about Rose and nothing about the Trail Blazers. Off to a great start and under the radar.
Jody George Prats::Time for Rose to fake another injury
Matt Fleetwood::How does it feel to be 40+ and trolling a message board?
Clint Czar Jefferson::You should get a divorce
Cyrus Faridi::blazer fan here: i hope d-rose is ok
Isaactly J. Porietis::Same here, it appeared at first that it was a turned ankle, but on replay, I held my breath. Fantastic athletes don't deserve that sort of fate. We Blazers fans know oh-too-well how happpenstance can destroy a team...
Keith Haemmerle::Isaactly J. Porietis you said fantastic athletes...what about D Rose?
Isaactly J. Porietis::Keith Haemmerle Who the hell did you think I was talking about? Jebus!
Brent B Jacoby::DERRICK ROSE SUCKS...
Will McCoy::you seem really obsessed with Rose
Nathan Nieves::U SUCK!
Clint Czar Jefferson::Says the water boy for MSU LMAO
Luc Whissell::I wonder when Bulls' fans will stop using the "rust" excuse for Rose...after 74 games maybe??? LMAO!!!!
Will McCoy::dude if players miss 2 months it can take them 15 games to get their touch back.  Rose missed 18 months.......
Clint Czar Jefferson::I will but you are gonna have to find another shirt first.
Raj Patel::Will McCoy so we can expect drose to be better after 135 games? according to ur math
Will McCoy::I mean it could be worse...we could be the knicks or the nets....
Tim Mihalick::You are worst. They actually have room for improvment . All bulls have is rose and hes done
Raj Patel::injury prone... drose gotta go
Will McCoy::No that shirt you re wearing has to go
Raj Patel::nice come back,  the next thing u'll say is you're mom? get better comeback bro
Will McCoy::Ok..so who are you trading him for?
Brandon Tigues::here comes the comeback
Jody George Prats::preach brother
Will McCoy::I thought this new comment system was supposed to get rid of the trolls? so much for that espn
Tim Mihalick::its 930 west coast . Check your fact before comment . and he suck. Should keep doing endorsements while he still has a chance. So bad the Jazz wouldnt even want him
George Jimas::deng is carrying this team on his back right now
Kyle Raymer::Looks like its been a coming from all 5 guys out there so far.  Everyone doing their part.
George Jimas::Kyle Raymer he almost has a double double in the first quarter, while rose is almost shooting them out of the game.
Clint Czar Jefferson::George Jimas How is Rose almost shooting them out the game?
Jody George Prats::Jody George Prats ·  Top Commenter · Hesperia High  Time for Rose to fake another injury  Reply · 3 · Unlike   · Unfollow Post · 28 minutes ago  Did I call it or what?
Joey White::Derrick Rose will go 1-20 and end up hitting the game winner.  The guy is the best in the NBA at hitting clutch shots.  Thats why he was the MVP and will be in the running again this year.
Melvin Merritt::The bes t in the league at hitting clutch shots? Where in practice?  Drink y poo ur coffee or red bull before you try to post facts.lol
Larry Nunez::Melvin Merritt The best?  Not sure about that, but he is up there, in 2010-2011, he averaged almost a Triple Double in crunch time minutes (PAR), he averaged 47.8 Points, 10.4 Rebounds and 9.8 Assists. Followed by Kobe and LeBron.
George Jimas::ya i don't think anyone will have him in the MVP race again.
Israel Hernandez::yea blazers won!! lol i'm loving the chemistry this team has. keep it up p-town.
Sean Blaser::Bulls haven't won here since 07 and I doubt it will change tonight
Raj Patel::blazers gon learn today!!
Jeff Delapena::Yep, they sure didn't.
Jody George Prats::34-12 when it matters. Nice 3rd quarter
