BK HOTSHOT::I also noticed that the REFEREES, took it easy on the TORONTO RAPTORS this game. They didn't rob them of another close game. Last night Miami went to the free throw line, 38 times compared to Torontos 18?
BK HOTSHOT::Toronto has become a much better "TEAM" since Andrea Bargnani got injured &amp; said that the Raptors were the worst team in the NBA. I'm still wondering why Bargs hasn't been traded yet? No mention of him in trade talks? Only Rudy Gay, Josh Smith, Rajon Rondo, DeMarcus Cousins, Tyreke Evans, Dwight Howard &amp; Pau Gasol. If any one of these players would have said what Bargnini said, they would have been run out of town by the local media. I think this is an example of preferential treatment of the European Player? I'm surprised the Timberwolves haven't made an offer?
Mightymoose02::Magic are losing because they traded away Earl Clark. haha.
Magic are better than you::Stupidest comment of the night.  No contest
navalacademics77::I've been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back. Since I started playing this system I have doubled my money in just two months. You can find this system on the first page of google if you search the words Sports Betting System.
mathurpalak@yahoo.com::Just now noticing how cool the Raptors jerseys are.
ball 5o hard::I feel like i've seen demar with that opportunity TOO MANY times.  He has to cash in sometimes right?
royalblue4life::I mean... how many games are the Magic going to lose by 6 pts or less?? This is insane!
darshn222::Add the OT losses in there too.  You're 100% right.  It's insane.  I enjoy watching this team play.
Tommy72931::Good day for the Raptors playoff hopes.  Boston loses Raps win.  4.5 games out.  #KeepTheFaith
Magic are better than you::Why would you want to make the playoffs?  Not like you stand a chance in the playoffs.  Might as well get better picks
Genghis Kittah::at 16-27 LOL good conference, and the Celtics fans are proud of maybe getting the 7 seed.
__SPURS21::Raps are 1-0 on thursdays
raptors_nba_champs::Man that was a crazy shot! Heartbreaking loss for you Orlando fans but GG!
MagicBoltzRays::not heartbreaking. we get more ping pong balls.
legend_jr27::Lance Armstrong's cancerous left nut &gt; Lakers
Le Brick Squad::my left nut &gt; Raptors
Jayswillbringit::Roseanne Barr's dirty vag&gt; Faker Lakers
shwanlady96::Le Brick Squad=the lakers
Le Brick Squad::get used to losing you suckers
Tommy72931::A Lakers fan trolling?  LMAO!!
legend_jr27::Dwight straight up threw  up the white flag and gave up yesterday.Gasol's next.
shanis0311::raptors finish in 8 th and take out miami  http://torontoraptorsiq.blogspot.ca/
JoeyDorsey4MVP::3? They've lost 5 overtimes.
legend_jr27::They had a shot the way they've been playing, but those three OT losses may have killed their chances.
springfresh3.1::Ladies and Gentlemen,   I give you your  2012'13  17-25  LA Lakers   starring:  Kobe-Nash-Howard-Pau
Le Brick Squad::Lakers &gt; Magic
MagicBoltzRays::Magic 113 - Lakers 103
Le Brick Squad::fail
Elton7323::pelicans &gt;lakers
Le Brick Squad::don't forget the 16 banners kid
Elton7323::17-25 dont forget it.
springfresh3.1::and that means what this season?
legend_jr27::" I'll wait 1 minute to like my own comment, and people will think I have a supporter." - lebrick squad 1 fan likes this (after a one minute pause)
lazoodo::Is their bad blood between Kobe and Dwight? Recent exchange suggests it:  Kobe: "Hey Dwight, you play like a broked dick dog"  Dwight: "Oh yeah...your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom company"
Le Brick Squad::Lakers &gt; Magic  that is all folks.
Le Brick Squad::2010  OWNED
Elton7323::magic has more wins in the series u fail.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::With tonight's win the Raptors are officially eliminated from playoff contention.
Le Brick Squad::tell that to these idiots right here
Elton7323::ha ha he left lol
Le Brick Squad::im stuffing ur mom as I type
Elton7323::how ur going to muff a ghost?
springfresh3.1::This is seriously going down in the books...a Kobe nuthugger on this board..  Sunday is going to be murder for Flakers
Elton7323::clippers&gt;lakers plus they own the staples center congratz for becoming the next detirot pistons.
Le Brick Squad::dreaming doesn't cost a thing  - Raptors / Magic fans
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Your Trolling needs work.
legend_jr27::"I like my own comments." -Lebrick squad 1 fan likes this
legend_jr27::Check the standings idiot. They're the kings of our town.
Le Brick Squad::count my rings  - Kobe
Le Brick Squad::ur team sucks  - I Like this
SanJoseSharksFTW::If my Kings leave Cali, that would leave the Lakers as bottom feeders below the Clippers and Warriors
__SPURS21::Derozan is a stud. All star Next Season
Le Brick Squad::L.A &gt; Toronto and Orlando put together
otta_what79::16 banners can't save the Lakers season..Utah and OKC next. Let the losing continue...and enjoy that draft pick. Oh wait, you traded your first rounder to PHX for the next 3 years. Oh wait, 16 banners right?
Le Brick Squad::i've been to 5 parades son how many have u been to ?
trizzo23::gay pride parades?
SanJoseSharksFTW::I've been to jail 5 times for disorderly conduct  -Le Brick Squad
trizzo23::past...history...who cares?
Elton7323::liberia&gt;l.a
19brom::???????? absolutly not
springfresh3.1::LA got beat up by the Raps
trizzo23::la lost to orlando and raptors this year
Le Brick Squad::and 5 with Kobe
SanJoseSharksFTW::Le Brick Squad - we got 16 banners buddy  5 of those were in Minny
springfresh3.1::you were still swimming in your daddys nutsack when most were won
Le Brick Squad::we got 16 banners buddy
springfresh3.1::A Kobe troll trolling this board????????? desperate times calls for desperate measures
19brom::seriously
Le Brick Squad::Toronto and the Magic will never win sh.it..LMFAO
nWo_Dave::LA SUCKS  T-DOT 4 LIFE HOMIES
Le Brick Squad::i got 5 on it   - Kobe
Elton7323::i got 11 on it  -bill russel
Elton7323::doesnt change the fact bill russel got 11 on it.
Le Brick Squad::and ur team got 0 on it
nWo_Dave::Beautiful Toronto &gt; 3rd World Los Angeles
19brom::haha thats jokes
Elton7323::kobe is just a poormans reggie miller   -micheal jordan
nWo_Dave::Pure suckage and growing  -Laker fans
Le Brick Squad::81 pts   - Kobe
19brom::no im not i just feel bad for you
4thQuar7er::The liking of his own comment is particularly sad. Its sorta bumming me out.
19brom::lol ya its pretty sad
19brom::what a fuckking loser u are
Le Brick Squad::u mad bro ?
Le Brick Squad::5 rings   - Kobe
rapfan73::http://www.nba.com/raptors/video/derozan-game-winner-jan-24-2013  for raptors fan only!
19brom::i think the league could appreciate it too, always fun to watch
Xander415::"We miss Dwight"  -Alternate Reality Orlando Fans
Le Brick Squad::Lakers &gt; Magic  ask Van Gundy..LOL
trizzo23::yea so???
nWo_Dave::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjiwBwBL4Qo
Kobe The Creator of Machu Picchu::Bobcats vs Hornets finals in 4 years mark your calendars
Elton7323::you mean pelicans vs hornets
Le Brick Squad::16 rings and counting  - Jerry Buss
legend_jr27::12th seed and counting  - jim buss
Le Brick Squad::5 rings and counting  -Kobe
Elton7323::lol laker fan butt hurt so he trolling on a magic toronto board
springfresh3.1::T-Dot getting serious, should have had the MIA game
19brom::agreed
4thQuar7er::Wait, Le Brick Squad, people are saying youre a wiz fan. Are they serious? Tell me youre not a wizards fan. Thats $@%!$@% hilarious.
Le Brick Squad::no wonder Howard left the Magic..nothing but a loser tradition
nWo_Dave::He went from one losing team to another
19brom::laker or wizard fan, wich one????
nWo_Dave::I miss Disney World  -Shaq
Le Brick Squad::i miss Shaq  - Magic fans
Elton7323::we had penny and tmac after him magic fans didnt miss nothing.
Le Brick Squad::and NO rings
19brom::most retarted comment of the night
A.J.Prime::*$@%!$@%!
PhilMwetNAP::pretty good finish for two crap teams
nWo_Dave::T-Dot all day every day my nigggas
raptors_nba_champs::YUUUUUUUUP
19brom::YE BUDDY
