Chelo Mejias::Disgusting game, celtics were up by 11 with 3 minutes left....disgusting.....you take it to the hole with 4 seconds left brad stevens!!! friggin moron!!!!
Cory Nope::cant be too much of a moron.
Chelo Mejias::Cory Nope   For someone who prides himself on being so smart, it was a dumb move.
Cory Nope::Chelo Mejias It happens. Hes in his first year, and directly out of the college game. Coaches evolve just as players do. He more than likely got the nod to "experiment" (tank).
Brett Reid::epic collapse by the celtics against a depleted hawks. straight trash. especially that last shot attempt, wtf was that
Andrew Lipham::YES!!!  hawks beat celtics!!!!!!!!!!!
Rob Curley::When your starters shoot a combined 12-47 you don't deserve to win.
Rene Covarrubias::come on atlanta, i believe in u, let's get this win
Eamön Sez Diizz::go hawks
Mike Bird Munger::LOL@ THE NBA ALLOWING MARC DAVIS TO REF A CELTICS GAME!!!  AND THE IDIOTS STILL THINK THERE'S NO ANTI-CELTICS AGENDA FROM STERN AND HIS CROOKS!?!?  GTFOH!!
Chelo Mejias::He and Joey Crawford can go suck eggs!
Ivan Untalan::Yeah, they should go... BENCH CRAWFORD NOW!!!!!
Mike Bird Munger::Marc Davis did his job and gave the C's a loss.  This douchebag should NEVER be allowed the Celtics ever again.
Chelo Mejias::Kelly Olynk playing like michael jordan
Shaun Mitts::whats up with these early games?
Shoot Jung::Hawks gonna win!
Harvey Jackson::go hawks
Chelo Mejias::Celtics win 97-92
Chad Wiggins::should have. yuck
Chelo Mejias::Chad Wiggins   92-91....close with the numbers, wrong with the outcome
James Michael Mulrey::God can they please trade Jordan Crawford.  He has NBA talent and a 5 cent brain everything is about him him him.  He hardly ever makes the right play.  He commits stupid fouls and then when he should take the foul he backs off and gives up lay ups.  I cant wait until Rondo is back so he goes back to the bench.
Ivan Untalan::Yeah, I agree, he should retire. Kelly Olynyk is the playing great, he should be a starter.
Chelo Mejias::4 seconds left, let's just go for a jump shot...too bad ivy-league schools don't teach common sense!!!!...you go to the bucket and draw contact or  dunk/layup! with 4 seconds left in the game!
Ron Midgette::so the Hawks get to choose which draft choice they want between theirs and Brooklyn's, and Boston gets the remaining pick along with their own 1st round pick? Is that correct?
James Michael Mulrey::yes that is correct
Peter Mitchell::If the Celts are trying to lose they aren't doing a very good job of it so far this season. I'd be pissed if i was paying good money to go watch a team try and lose.
Danny Harvey::celtics win but one of the things i am wondering is why is Gerald Wallace not playing anymore the last 2 years it looks like all of his game is gone
Jordan Doe::bc hes terrible now..thats why
John Braun::Do you really think they lost or gave ATL the game? Come on people; you all know they can win these games but they don't want to.
Cory Nope::what was the spread?
James Michael Mulrey::How does Brad Stevens continue to play Jordan Crawford!!!!!!!!!!    WTF was that three?
Chelo Mejias::I'm scratching my head on that one...But Pressey isn't any better at this point
Chelo Mejias::Alex Doub   When Rondo Comes back, Pressey is gone...Wish the c's traded for JJ barea...the wolves barely use him and he's a very good back up
James Michael Mulrey::Chelo Mejias there are prob 10 players who havent been signed who can run the straight PG position for the Celtics.  Crawford doesnt fit with the team he takes bad shots at inopportune times he just has no basketball IQ.   There are at least 2 PG who are currently unsigned who I would take over Crawford.  Yes he occasionally can score in bunches but he missed wide open players and just doesnt ever make the proper team play.  Its great he has that type of confidence in his game but his wreckless shooting and gambling on D have the cost the Celtics more than a few games.
Chelo Mejias::Celtics in another nail biter, Stevens has a hard time maintaining big leads.
Benjamin Lee Banner::is green hurt?
Chelo Mejias::Benjamin Lee Banner   No, he just wasn't playing well...Stevens thinks it's college...where bench players can ride that horse shoe
Ivan Untalan::No, the hawk's not coming back, it's the celtics waiting for them
Ivan Untalan::It is supposed to be a close game
Ivan Untalan::Crawford's in a dribbling and dribbling mode
John Menard::I see the tide has changed and th Hawk fans are silent......
Shoot Jung::Not silent but waiting patiently for Celtic fans to cry at the end.
John Menard::Shoot Jung Something as a Celtic Fan I would never do.........
Shoot Jung::Can't believe Celtics won!
John Menard::The Hawks will NOT win this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Timothy Abad Jr.::How do you feel now?
John Menard::I feel like they let me down, but at least I dont wait til the final buzzard to express my comments.....Im here I deserve to eat humble pie. And can the Celtics just release Crawford he's a total bum...
Timothy Abad Jr.::John Menard As an Atlanta sports fan I know about humble pie I'll leave it at that.
Ethan Menard::alot of ball movement without crawford in the game
