HarBowl1975::I started following this online betting system called SportsBettingStar a couple months ago.  Ive made around 3K per month since I started using it.
Mr. Bradford::24 points off Magic turnovers? Thanks, Magic! That's pretty much just handing a team a win right there.   I guess I'll take our shooting stats. 50% from 2, 53% from 3 and 13-15 from the line. Not too bad. Sure Dirk could improve that 4-11, but it's all good. Also, congrats to Shawn for the double-double.
LetsGetPhysical1977::Started using this online betting system a few months back called SportsBettingStar.  In my first month of using the system, Ive made about $3000 in pure profits.  You will be able to find this system on the first page of Google when looking for Sports Betting Systems.
tabom33::Jae Crowder was in BEAST MODE tonight!!, should be starting
spacebump::How could he start over Marion or Dirk?
Him Down Stairs::no.... remember last time he started
ChiGuy1002::Starting to believe Dirk's never going to be close to his level from 2011
Justinkm83::That was his best stretch ever. I doubt he gets back there either. He's still not back in game shape yet.
curl06::Anyone know why Nicholson was a DNP?
Justinkm83::It says to the right. Your coach didn't like the Dirk match up
Lets_get_Logical::Chris Kaman has another game with zero assists. I wonder how many that is for the season and career.   If he was black, shorter, scored better, took more shots and an overall better player...I'd think he was Kobe Bryant.
Justinkm83::Nah, he's not a rapist.
Lets_get_Logical::Ah...well played. I forgot that extremely valid non-fact.
Justinkm83::I have a feeling a trade is coming in the next 2 days.
Justinkm83::I just don't see Smith guarding the other teams 3. Not a bad problem to have though.
Lets_get_Logical::I disagree. I think it would be a more natural position for him to guard, but naturally, he'd give up some of the rim protection he currently provides.
Justinkm83::Maybe both. I was talking about Dallas. I don't know Magic's situation, except they won't make the playoffs. I would like Reddick.
Lets_get_Logical::At the 3...much like Marion does now.  Howard is a post guy, and Smith can stretch the floor a little more than Marion can.
Justinkm83::Yes I would like Smith more than any other player, except where does he play wih Dirk on the floor with Howard? Smith is a PF.
Lets_get_Logical::In a Mavs uniform? No thanks.  If ATL really wants to get something for Smith, while not hurting playoff hopes...  I'd like to see Kaman, Marion, Roddy and a first moved for Josh Smith. He'd be worth it...and increase the odds Dwight signs in Dallas next year.  A potential lineup next year...  Collison? Mayo Smith  Dirk Howard
Lets_get_Logical::Who's making a trade? Orlando or Dallas? Both need to make moves...
mksatx::I member when women didn't play sports.  None whatsoever.  Weren't allowed to leave the kitchen.  Unless the yard needed mowed.
thegooddoc456::15pts, 6 asst, 3 blocks in 29 mins......not a bad day for Vince.
mksatx::I member when there wernt no three point shot.  Back in the last century.   Lol
macalacachimba::Magic's need Al Harrington badly.
Jeremy-Lin17::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=b86l76o
trizzo23::no...why take beasley bad contract cancer to team
badninjaturtle::lol, to get rid of turk? I'd take anybody over turk's contract.
LetsGoMavs.::Now do you see Rick why you should play Collison in crunch time than Mike James??
Knut6345::Collison entered with 6:45 to play for James. Dallas was up by 10!  The only good thing Collison did till the End of the Game was the 3 Pointer he hit. But only 10 Seconds later he made a terrible mistake on the defensive end that opend up Redick for an uncontested 3 Pointer for Orlando... So from 2 up, to 5 up to 2 up in 10 seconds...   So no, I did not see why he should play in crunch time! One big shot  followed by a huge defensive mistake don't make him a good Crunchtime Player
macalacachimba::What?  Howard leaving to Dallas, nah,   i think he is moving to NY(Brooklyn)
Lets_get_Logical::Lol...clearly you failed basic math facts.
LetsGoMavs.::Brooklyn doesn't have the cap space to bring him in. Only way they get him is if they trade
LetsGoMavs.::well the nets have no cap space to sign Howard if he becomes a free agent
Justinkm83::Why would they trade for him? He a FA. You can't sign him.
LetsGoMavs.::Lakers are not going to trade Howard for Joe Johnson lol
macalacachimba::They will.
neworleans76::jerry and mark sitting in a tree laughing at me........... cause i care
gmparker61::Hey I a mav fan all the way saw their very first home game !!!!!!!!!!!!!
mksatx::I saw the dallas aba chaparrals when they were "on loan" to san antonio early 70's.
Jon Armdog::So...you saw the Spurs then.  IRRELEVANT!
gmparker61::OK  weli then Beat the Heat!!!!!!  and Beat the Lakers!!!!\
gmparker61::Being from Texas,  I like the Spurs Too.......... but Rockets I can't pull for  :(
mksatx::I'm spurs fan allways.  But if the mavs or rockets are playing and its not against my spurs...I root for the texas teams.  Seems natural
Justinkm83::It's not. It's actually very un-natural.
TheA-TeAm8235::i dont understand how you can like both the mavs and spurs....
Dirk2XMVP::stick to 1 team lol
gmparker61::GO MAVS!!!      GO KNICKS!!!!       HATE HEAT!!!!!!!! HATE LAKERS!!!!!!!!!
derek_510::don't hate at all, just love your teams.  hate harbors more hate, man
gmparker61::i like the Knicks chances!!!!   I think the Mavs should play more Brand than Kaman
neworleans76::y brandon wright not playing rick
CrabCrack::B Wright was awesome when Kaman and Dirk were hurt, now he hardly sees the floor.  What the hell??
badninjaturtle::None of them can rebound or play D... So Rick is playing the better Offensive options.
Dirk2XMVP::I have no idea why Rick doesn't play everyone. He needs to stop changing lineups and let the young guys play. Glad MIke James was out in crunch time
duke_mavs_panthers_braves_::I'd rather make the playoffs for the 13th year in a row then miss the playoffs and make the lottery. This is the weakest lottery anyway. go mavs!!
Dirk2XMVP::bro do you go to Duke also?
trizzo23::not if you were magic ..
trizzo23::hey bill lakers looked against magic this year...ooooh wait
15knick15::dallas is in a lot better shape then the lakers, they were just dealt a bad hand this season.
derek_510::a lot of teams are "dealt bad hands", it doesn't matter at the end of the season
derek_510::smh at the kid who said dirk's talent is very close to duncan.  dirk is very good, no doubt, but duncan is light years ahead of him.  guess he overlooked defense.
chris23562::Not easy to judge that when Duncan has had consistently more talent around him and a better coach for his whole career
gmparker61::Dallas is getting better and will make the playtoffs   And the spurs will be the team to beat!!!!!  The lakers are toast
15knick15::no clippers are the team to beat, spur are old niggs
derek_510::okc* is
15knick15::kobe: Im taking my talents to south beach  Lebron: We got it covered nigg@, keep your old @ss in la
DynastyinBigD::Bill32821 how's your Lakers doing? LOL. Kind of sad that your team is 6 games under 500 with Kobe, Dwight, Nash, and Gasol. Very sad.
scottpilgrim33::Hey Bill..... The Lakers looked pretty good tonight....................NOT
bill32821::I'm a Spurs fan, kid...just here to laugh at the joke that is the Mavericks
15knick15::clippers fan in a week?
scottpilgrim33::Spurs fan.... as of 5 minutes ago?
bill32821::It must suck as a Mav fan watching your idiot owner destroy a championship team...Dirk is feeling it and ready to leave.
badninjaturtle::"Dirk is feeling it and ready to leave."  -Said nobody ever associated with the Mavs
ret12364::Damn when was the last time the Spurs were in the Finals.
bill32821::Dallas fans want to say we knocked out by an 8th seed...when we were #1....you know where I am going with this right?...true Mavs fans?...Golden State?...
badninjaturtle::How are the spurs a relevant team if they can't beat the Clips, Grizz, or the Thunder?
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::What?
ret12364::Obviously your pea-sized brain couldn't comprehend my comments.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Go away.
bill32821::Nupe gets it.
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::Mike James = Epic Failure ....Great Win ....Collison crunch time &gt;&gt; Mike James  crunch time
Knut6345::By the way... Dallas was up by 10 when James left the field... and didn't Collison make a huge mistake on defense allowing Redick to hit a 3 pointer with one minute to go thah had Orlando by 2? Yes he played in the crunchtime... but besides his one 3 Pointer (James had one in OT last game too) there was nothing to see of Collison! His opponent dominated him and he had not one Assist or Point besides this one 3 Pointer!
Knut6345::God damn Hasaface... they won the Game, Collison played in crunchtime and James had a +/- of +3...  What else do you want? Just $@%! with your complaining! Go become a Miami fan! Dallas tryes to get to the playoffs! They are not a rebuilding team like Cleveland, New Orleans or Charlotte! They actually try to win and not develope players!   Tell me, why is Crowder seing minutes? He's a Rookie and Carlisle hates them... maybe course he can actualy play defense and only does what he is supposed to on offense?
bill32821::Worst owner in Dallas...Cuban or Jerry Jones?
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::You're seriously Trolling a Mavs Vs Magic board? And you're a Laker fan?  Talk about needing to get a life.
Plz Fire Coach Rick MFFL::Jerry Jones
Chris31708::The Mavericks should be in good position to stay ahead of the Lakers for a while, they have a nasty schedule for the next week or two.
scottpilgrim33::We just past the Lakers in the West. mwahahaha
Plz Fire Coach Rick MFFL::DAM THE LAKERS TRASH LOL
antonioy2j::22 of the 39 games we have left are against team not currently top 8 in the conference. Considering Dirk still isn't 100% back and Mavs are getting better as a whole. I wouldn't worry too much of not making the playoffs.
bill32821::Spurs&gt;Mavs...that is fact. Duncan&gt;Dirk ...and its not even close...
Dirk2XMVP::So now you're a spurts fan?
badninjaturtle::Still beat bron bron in the 2011 finals.  Lebron would tear the spurs apart.
ret12364::Knocked out by an 8 seed. Up 2-0 against OKC and choked. I'm glad us Mavs have some good company.
bill32821::I am a Spurs fan, kid...you mad?
Justinkm83::It is actually really close.
Justinkm83::They're both future hall of famers. That's how.
bill32821::how so?
ret12364::If we don't shred the Spurs apart on Friday I'll be disappointed. We have a FOUR day layoff.
ret12364::Go stick your finger to the nearest outlet. You'll be shocked anyways
bill32821::I'd be shocked if the Spurs dont win by 50
Dirk2XMVP::Says the fakers fan
bill32821::Lakers&gt;Magic?
Chris31708::Lakers aren't making the playoffs so it doesn't matter.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::*yawns*
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::What the hell happen to the Magic's good defensive play from earlier in the year?
chris johnson 558::because  jameer nelson is playing defense bro
chris johnson 558::trade jj redick he need a better team where he can get his ring and we may take rudy gay from him
Justinkm83::We will take him. We need a 3pt. specialist
jdrum5000::Mavs can get the 8th seed and give OKC trouble, the games this year have been close. The Mavs have new life!
worleyjamers2011::I'd rather play OKC over San Antonio. Dallas and OKC match-up well against each other for some reason. They always are close.
Chris31708::True, even last year the 1st 2 games were close. The Mavericks dropping both games when they were leading is why they got swept in the first place, it's not like they were manhandled 4 straight.
Dirk2XMVP::Agreed
FanofTexas28::We also won't get any calls against them. That's what the NBA has turned into.
jdrum5000::Games have been close and the Mavs are getting better as time goes on
Dirk2XMVP::Hopefully by then Dirk is back to being Dirk
worleyjamers2011::YEah. He only had like 5 points the first three qtrs.
gunsup14::Get too many free throws when they play us
FanofTexas28::We can't beat OKC. They get so much damn luck against us.
antonioy2j::Luck runs out eventually. I wouldn't mind playing them in the playoffs.
worleyjamers2011::That's what I thought last year and we got swept.
Chris31708::The Mavericks never really found a groove in the regular season last year and it carried on in the postseason.
ret12364::it gets so routine too. Build a decent lead for 3 quarters and watch the majestic collapse in the 4th and end up losing by a hair. It happens every time against OKC.
chris johnson 558::the only clutch player on the magic roster is jj redick and maybe nikola vuc
bill32821::Way to go, Orlando...you are a bigger joke than the Lakers and you had the best player in the trade. LMAO Your GM should be fired.
austuc33::and nets was begging them to give them lopez what a $@%!$@% gm
macalacachimba::Really, no one knows the Nets and Rockets offers.
trizzo23::what? houston offer was lamb..d-leage toronto pick and kmart free agent... nets max contract lopez..brooks scrub..and 3 first all bad picks  magic got vucevic 22yr old center 3rd in rb makes 1 mill yr rookie deal for 3 years harkless 19 yr old 15th pick this yr draft afflalo 3 yr 7.5 mill a year great d and top 6-8 sg 3 first rd picks 2 - 2nd rd picks  mcroberts...and dumped jrich and duhon
trizzo23::magic going for draft pick fool
Chris31708::At least the Magic are able to pick in the draft, unlike a certain team who gave their picks away to the Phoenix Suns.
bill32821::spoken like a loser
trizzo23::magic won the trade for a 1 year rental that left few choices
bill32821::Nets and Rockets offered a lot better choices...and thats not even debatable.
trizzo23::just beat clippers and pacers last week
bill32821::and whats your record?
Chris31708::Lakers, 17-23 with <b>2</b> current allstars.  Nope, the Lakers are definitely the bigger joke.
Chris31708::Here's the thing though, no one is surprised at the Magic's record now.  They're clearly in rebuilding mode and have nothing to be ashamed about.  The Lakers on the other hand were considered heavy favorites to win it all in the offseason when they got Dwightmare Howard.
bill32821::Lakers are a joke..no doubt...Magic are a bgger joke for what they got for Howard.
trizzo23::what?? must be a betting fool...hahaha
bill32821::I'd be suprised if the Magic win another game...lmao
chris johnson 558::be classy bro
bill32821::true is true
antonioy2j::Good win today and with Lakers loosing we move up past them. Only 3.5 behind Houston for 8th.
worleyjamers2011::Minnesota not too far ahead of us either.
antonioy2j::same w/ Portland and we play them I think twice in the next 5 games.
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::gotta feel for whoever had magic +4.5
Chris31708::The Mavericks have a better record than the Lakers now.
SouthDallas40::Not helping to say that, the Lakers are horrible.
trizzo23::magic need carter-williams pg....6 foot 5 slasher..rebounder..shot blocker...big shot maker
phunky58::mclemore so much better than williams already
phunky58::haha u mad bro
phunky58::mclemore its that simple
Lantngz::shut ur face fool
Lantngz::i agree bro
FanofTexas28::If the Mavs trade for a rebounding big man, I gurantee you that we'll make the playoffs.
Chris31708::They have a great chance of making the playoffs now, they're playing better than the other Western teams not in the playoffs now.
ret12364::We have one when he decides to be one. His name is Dirk
