David Sistrunk::"Lebron Sucks!! He didn't score in back to back 4th quarters" stupid hater logic...
Cody Perin::Do people not realize he hasn't played in back to back 4th quarters?
John Taylor::lebron james. number six. the beast.
Matt Greene::The Cry Baby hahahhahaha let me know when he quits crying then i will be a lebron fan until then WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ! lol
Steve Ungar::Matt Greene In the meantime, you will be a lebron hater, stalking every Heat game thread with your lies.
Jose Lopez::Matt Greene Call it whatever you want... Like it or not! He still the best of NBA!
Jeff Stockdale::Lebron, perfect from the line and 7 assists. The little things that no one talks about that makes him the best player in the league, hands down.
Alan Ogg::remember when Shaq and Penny reunited on the heat for like 6 games ? LOL. magic are a joke of a franchise
Alex Vargas::use your real profile if you are not a joke
Alan Ogg::Alex Vargas Soldier boy dont you have bed time ??
Alex Vargas::Alan Ogg hilarious.....
Justin Wrasman::Vucevic goes for 23 rebounds tonight. Oladipo goes for less than 10 turnovers but fails.
Joshua 'Starman' Fraustro::Vucevic is a stud
Roxanne Singh::Nice job!!! Miami is on point
Matt Greene::lol you beat a bad team by a lot ... How is that on point hahahaha ?
Steve Ungar::Matt Greene Because is was by more than anyone else has beaten Orlando this year, with their previous worst loss being only 15 points, AND it was without our bench players getting 153 of the 240 minutes in this game.  But you are an obsessed hater, so facts won't sway you anyway.
Dante Barrett::Matt Greene Should we have beat a bad team by a little?
Tyrone Scuffling::In all seriousness, at least for the contenders to the crown, they had better be worried.  This iteration of the Heat is the best since Lebron joined them.  He didn't break a sweat and they win by 30 on the opponent's court?  Good luck rest of NBA.  You're going to need it.
Justin Porter::Heat win BIG.. Wade/Lebron/Bosh are rested and ready.
Alan Ogg::why do magic fans just around like monkeys when your team makes a routine foul shot... jeez. are you guys that much in AWE that make u act like you've never seen a basketball game in your life?
Lester Avellan::A Flash is coming to play tonight with rest, I expect big things from Wade.
Marcleen Bavogui::not playing tonight
Jody George Prats::28 point azz whoopin.
Kenny Zinke::Best NBA rivalry in the state of Florida, Heat and Magic.
Christopher Clopton::Over the perception within the knowledge of specific quality preformer in a seasons that the Orlando Magic would be complete equal within experience but new players upon the MIA Heat ; the Magic had created an OT with each meeting ; I would want the new player of ORL perform for a win this seasons ...
Matt Cauthen::Actual headline reads: Miami beats another cupcake team while Wade worries about his sitcom.
Steve Ungar::Actual headline reads:  Heat build up their TEAM so well that their BENCH can beat other teams' starters, to the point that Matt Cauthen thinks every team Miami faces, including the Spurs and Clippers and Bulls, are cupcakes.
Art Salmons::Lebron actually had 1 personal foul last game. The referee responsible has been fired and now things are back to normal.
Matt Greene::HAHA Exactly . I wonder who has the least amount of fouls in the NBA as a full time starter . I bet Lebron Wins that category haha
Tyrone Scuffling::One moron...
Tyrone Scuffling::Matt Greene two morons...They come in packs.
Mary Cullia::Heat to have the big 3, pick 1 Oden( granted he is injured) and pick 2 Beasely and a supporting cast that would start in most teams= Riley is an absolute Genius
Justin Porter::Oden is not injured.
Reggie Golder::Justin Porter Oden is injured, he still not fully healthy yet, which means he is still somewhat injured.  Oden is being strengthen and groomed for playoffs.
Alan Ogg::funny how when the heat win against a sub .500 team the haters go to bed early.. but if they lose by 1 point  its the end of the world lol
Yinan Chen::This Michael Beasely guy might just serve a decent role on the Heat this time around.
Matt Greene::I heard they only play him when the Clock is at 4:20 lol
Eric Spitaleri::Since Earl Clark is number 6, what number will LeBron wear next yr when he comes back to Cleveland?
Jody George Prats::#GOAT
Ian Muñoz Untalan::Go MIAMI HEAT! Pound them, don't let them get close, they might get one win!
Jazmine Ortiz::"another fourth quater choke job by lebron" -Skip Bayless
Jason Rosenbaum::"as reported by multiple sources" - Chris Broussard
Jordan Azraei::they obviously didnt need lebron because he blew out the first 3
Jazmine Ortiz::Jordan Azraei sarcasm homie
Nick Maurer::Where's NICHOLSON!?
George Joseph::- I've been looking forward to this event. My plans, Wednesday, is the night I take off towards luxurious Downtown Orlando, to support the Big 3. I hope it all falls into place. Let's go, Miami Heat!
Joshua 'Starman' Fraustro::Enjoy it brother! Go Heat!
Terence Cato::Every game the Heat play is like a play off game to their opponents.   I am surprised Mr. Michael Beasley has been a bonus for Miami.   The Heat may need Greg Oden to get past Indiana.   However, Indiana is a big club, too big for the NBA long season.  Big bodies cannot run that long and that hard for 9 months without injuries. I am not sure Indiana will stay healthy without proper rest.  sorry :(   You almost have to pick the heat because…..  the major threats are out west.
Norvin Navarrete::LMAO. Who in the west is at threat to the Heat? there are only two team that can take it to the Heat and those teams are Chicago and Indy. Man, shut up!
Terence Cato::Norvin Navarrete ;  Spurs and Clippers (maybe).   Spurs almost upset them during the finals.  The spurs got better with trades.   Indy maybe if they stay healthy.   Beasley cancels out the Bulls.   Sorry.
Terence Cato::Norvin Navarrete …. Indy has 5 roster members over 250 lbs.  That’s a lot of weight to carry for 60-80 games.   Feet and legs
Steve Ungar::Riley 3:16. For Wade so loved the Heat, that he brought his two sons down, and got them to talk LeBron and Bosh into joining for a great cause.  Whosoever believeth in the Threepeat shall be happy, and all others will be haters for life.
