Michael Huang::The Rockets just hired Richie Incognito to meet with Dwight and give him a "pep talk" in order to bring out the beast in Dwight. Instead, Dwight was found crying after the meeting.
Chris Marino::lol
Justin Jenkins::This game should be a close one:  Pelicans 124 Lakers 72
Ivan Ruiz::IDIOT!!!!!!!!!
Lee LordAmaranth Sidney::That's nowhere near close
Michael Maiorano::Does anyone realize that the Lakers have played in 7 of the last 13 NBA finals and 16 of the past 32? 50% of the last 32 years the lakers have repped the western confernce in the finals...that's amazing considering there is 15 teams in the west and they go every other year. WOW you can thank Kobe and Magic for that...and kareem, shaq, worthy, gasol phil and riley too!
Jody George Prats::Sincerely, The History Channel   Go Heat
Rafael Gavidia::@jody George prats:  so far looks like the heat might be history as well!
Desmond Powell::Jody George Prats lebron has changed the culture of this league.. no one want to play against each other .. they all want to play with each other ... lebron has ruined the competitive nature of this league
Michael Malone::I'm so glad Dwight is no longer a Laker. Dude is not a team player and he thinks it should all be about him. He actually thought the Lakers would get rid of Kobe for him. Lol dude you can't even hit free throws and Kobe has 5 rings you have a big goose egg.
Ivan Ruiz::AGREE WITH YOU...
Eric Lopez::Because Dwight Howard is not really a free throw shooter. When he was with the Laker, he wasn't really healthy. I bet he didn't like being with the Lakers because they are trash... and they don't know how to play as a team
Jordan Walker::Eric, how do you say the Lakers don't play as a team when they are averaging more assists than both the Pelicans and Rockets?
Michael Malone::How do you take a team seriously when they call themselves the Pelicans..
Jody George Prats::Pelicans = Incognito  Lakers = Martin
Josh Jordan::Post of the day
Dirk Hayes::Incognito=Banned Martin=Legal Representation
Jay Carson::Geaux Pelicans!
Justin Jenkins::back to backs are tough. lakers werent suppose to win this...plus nash sat out...pau was gassed. it was a L...even before it started.
Lionel Moton::Stop making excuses Lakers r young season just started pau is a punk
Matt Semperboni::I admire what he's done in his career but Nash is done. You can tell a guy's washed up when they're sitting him on back to backs even in a season when it's unlikely the Lakers will even make the playoffs. Lakers would be better off just going with a young PG and dumping Nash. Problem is that they're waiting to draft one.
Jody George Prats::lol........Lakers are scrubs
Corey Sharer::Look what i found here another laker hater, crap of course they would be here when the lakers would be losing but by the end of it if the lakers win they will all disappear.
Rafael Gavidia::I don't see you playing in the nba.
Ivan Ruiz::LAL 100 - NO 92 F   LEST GO LAKERS!!!!!!!!!
Will Kinivuwai::NO
Jason McRoberts::Close, just got it backwards.
Ryan West Lombardi::Sweet win by the Lakers last night, as a team they seemed highly motivated to show their ex team mate up. It will be interesting to see how they motivate themselves against a young athletic team like the Pelicans on their home court. If Gasol shows up and gives Davis a schooling things should work out well for the Lakers.
Cody Perin::Instead, Pau just got the schooling by Davis to the tune of 32/12/5blocks. Ouch....
Cody Perin::Sorry. 6 blocks and shooting 12-18.
Wally Rouzer::in two games pau 4 of 22 from field
Lalaine Humd::I know everyones been asking for a link, so here it is:  New Orleans Pelicans vs Los Angeles Lakers  >>. W.atch.me/OfU0gT  Enjoy!
Tony Miller::Lakers should win, yet this game has Lose written all over it for some reason.
Josh Jordan::Probably because they suck on back to backs on the road?
Haik Najaryan::Josh Jordan They suck at back to backs in general.
Jordan Walker::They had one back to back this season, while they did get routed, it was to a superior Warriors team. This year the Lakers have the best bench in the league, so far, and that will help with back to backs this year. I guarantee they will have a better record on the later half of back to backs.
Tony Stewart::should be an easy win for lakers with gasol and kaman having the advantage down low
Tim Hutton::Thats hilarious.  Got schooled by a 20 yr old
Wally Rouzer::lakers best scorer kaman 16 pelicans davis 32
Christopher Butler::Good game lakers! Glad to see the trolling to a minimum.
Corey Sharer::I knew D'antoni would let the lakers lose he really isn't a good coach when it comes to getting back into a game nor subbing players.
Kenny Lenz::i want gasol gone so mad
Christopher Butler::Corey Sharer Dont worry to much....as soon as kobe gets healthy yall get right back into the hunt for another championship.
Jody George Prats::It's only gonna get worse when ballhog comes back
Justin Jenkins::yea a 5 time champion...2 time Finals MVP is gonna make it worse????. Dumba$$
Michael Huang::You probably don't know that the only reason why the Lakers made the playoffs last year was because of Kobe.
Alec Gonzalez::Lakers 104 Pelicans 99
Daniel Tuggle::I saw a comment earlier.. that said Anthony Davis is finally living up to expectations.. Are you kidding me. He's 20 year old ha.. I feel like people are finally figuring out what A lot of us already knew about Anthony Davis and are just now seeing it... because you could see this potential coming even last year when everyone seemed to right off his Very good rookie season.. giving his age at 19...It's just getting even more and more exciting with him though
Joseph Mednick::PAU Gasol is stinking up the court.  Why is it that one of the best big men in the game with such a versatile scoring ability is playing mostly outside as a shoot forward.  D'Antoni system is ore dog poo for him.  Something must be done as he is now probably not averaging double figures.
Jonathan James Bresnihan::The terrible mess that is the Lakers right now began the DAY Jim Buss assumed the role of ownership of this organization. Period and point blank. Last year's team could have and WOULD have gelled, much more comfortably, had anyone BUT this D'Antoni clown been chosen to coach this team and the same goes for this season.
Dean Helming::its refreshing to see players come back from their rookie years with a better understanding and continuity in their game.  a clear improvement in his game from last year.  he's going to be good for a long time.
Martin Anchondo::Stop living in the PAST- Time to ship out Gasol, Nash and KOBE, Start fresh-Every BB Star wants to be in LA or Boston! Love, Carmelo, Rondo, and many more! Break it up, be Honest and put Jeanie Buss as the decision maker!
Bryce Morgan::pretty sure that it would be hard to get rid of those 3 so easily like you want
Kenny Lenz::kobe had better stats then james last year gasol and nash ya
Bryce Morgan::Kenny Lenz WHAT STATS DID HE HAVE BETTER THAN JAMES!?!?! Other than total points he had NOTHING else.
RJ Smilly::What are the Lakers paying Nash to do? He is either hurt or they are resting him. Dantoni, Nash and the Lakers are a joke. Nash had rest all of last year.
Eric Lopez::Hahahahaha and HA! Lakers are still trash.... lol. I knew they would lose this game. Oh yeah and this is coming from a Clippers fan... L.A is Clippers town now.
Lee Buntoum::what happened at opening night? vs the celtics or the heat?  Clippers town? lol
Jason McRoberts::Did you know because Pelicans were 9 point favorites?
Darryl Hoytt::ood Going to keep an eye on Pelicans with AD from afar. N.O. you guys have some good talent.
Jody George Prats::They're up and coming
Christopher Butler::Yea man im excited to see where they go this season....may be one year away from being a playoff contender if they arent already....Ill give them this season the gel and learn the coaches schemes but yeah definately up and coming.
