texican_10::Spurs are 1000-0 when leading after 4 quarters
hookemzuniga1022::Rubio just came back from knee surgery and is just now starting to get back into form  Roy out all year  Love out virtually all year...came back too early and stunk it up shooting 25% til he re-broke his hand  Budinger out all year  AK was out and not playing  Howard out for year  Pek, Barea, Shved out extended periods  We started a guy on a 10-day contract for gods sake ------------------- Ok so Quick Rundown...  Your only Legit Gripe is Love but when we learn that he broke his hand while doing Knuckle Pushups trying to show off.. well thats his own stupidity. Roy was already Retired and wasnt expected to make an impact. Kirelnko is OK but certinally not a caliber of Manu or Timmy. Really Chase Buddinger Really.. Maybe thats the issue Your Hopes that Chase Buddinger was gonna be your savior.
schmacktalk1::Hey Rubio, it's ok to score more than 9 points just once in your career.
Victoryisallmine::The Spurs are the most under rated team in the NBA.  All they do is win!
hookemzuniga1022::thunderguy80 @FanofTexas-2011 Western Conference Final. Mavs4, Thunder 1,    2012 Thunder 4, Mavs 0, sweep....anything else  -------  Spurs fan here.. At least the Mavs Beat the Heat to finish the Job.. what did OKC Do?
nba is the worst::Sad that this league uses felony convict refs to get the teams they want into the Finals, no question.  GO SPURS!!!
Minnysota Vikings::After last night, it's pretty obvious the Wolves aren't gonna win many more games with Barea, Ridnour, and Shved rotating at the 2 guard spot. We NEED to get someone legitimate for the position.
No-account drifter::Shved sometimes looks like he could be better, but it's hard to say he'll be any more than just a good option off the bench.
rynospurs21::When is Manu back? The 2nd unit looked stagnant last night without him creating.
BOBBO409::Was it my imagination or did we have about 6 air-balls last night? Jax had at least one, Neal had 2, Green had one and there were a few more I thought. It just seemed like something was off last night. Aside from Green, TP and Kawahi, everyone else looked like they were not in the game
hookemzuniga1022::Tiago almost Misshaped on a Dunk
DalvinSplit::Blair ,Neal &amp; Jackson  are not much help last night !
Get your foot off the boat::The Spurs "taught a lesson to the Timberwolves about adversity..."  You can take the Spurs' injuries..multiply it by infinity, take it to the depths of forever and the Spurs would have merely a glimpse of what adversity and playing with injuries are all about.
hookemzuniga1022::Roy was Already Retred your not missing much
hookemzuniga1022::Leonard missed 2 weeks Parker has missed. duncan manu ... Buddinger is Crap, Kirelenko is only a shell of his former self.. ROY was never expected to play that was a possible comeback not a garruntee Get over it.
Get your foot off the boat::Really?   Rubio just came back from knee surgery and is just now starting to get back into form Roy out all year Love out virtually all year...came back too early and stunk it up shooting 25% til he re-broke his hand Budinger out all year AK was out and not playing Howard out for year Pek, Barea, Shved out extended periods We started a guy on a 10-day contract for gods sake.  Duncan and Ginobli sit even when they aren't hurt....
Hollerationatory::What a joke. I can't even begin to add up the number of times the Spurs have had to cope with Ginobli/Parker/Duncan being sidelined and still put winning runs together or the number of the times those three have played injured. Take your ignorance elsewhere.
hookemzuniga1022::Yeah you know The Spurs are only missing two corner stone pieces.. one of them an All star the other a 6th man candidate but yeah.. Your right... Do you like SarcastaBall
oicurak9::Ok Joe Black...whatever you say.
bstanto_08::gosh rubio is so good (joking)
mkwan0::The Spurs are unbeatable when they outscore their opponents
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::The Spurs had the smallest Sportscenter segment I've ever seen and this is for the first place team on an 11-game winning streak.  If this were the Lakers or Knicks there would be full segments discussing whether or not this is the greatest team of all-time.
Goldengun3865::Who cares.
No-account drifter::ESPN is not a journalism business; as the first letter in its name says, it's all about entertainment, and that depends on people seeing what they expect to see. Kinda sad that they have no journalistic integrity, but that's simply the deal.
mkwan0::ESPN reports news.  Spurs winning, even 11 in a row, is not news.  There was stat recently showing that Pop had had more 10 game winning streaks than any one else (not sure if it was all time, or current coaches).  Spurs won't get the publics attention untl they win another championship.
Theironrod2012::Kevin Love &gt; Lebron
STEVE6163656::Tiago Splitter = Best name in the NBA
joemcleod83::Sleepy Floyd is a good one too.
hookemzuniga1022::Tiago, Montego, Baby Why dont we GO to the Kokomo!!
15steele15::speedy claxton
No-account drifter::Yep, those two almost as good as Beno Udrih and Fabricio Oberto.
mkwan0::I think you are undervaluing Nando De Colo
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::Breaking News : The Spurs Flight that had taking off From Minesota Airport after the Spurs &amp; Timberwolves game, has Crash Landed with all The Spurs roster said to have been killed in this terrible plane crash, their is to believe no survivors have been found in the reckage. a full investigation will be done by The FAA on what caused the crash, reports the Associated Press.
texican_10::Flag this mamon
Nerissa2525::Brainless
VolkieG::If Cornelius did invent long division, he has much yet to discover about proper grammar and spelling.
nba is the worst::GG twolves.  Spurs streak W11.  Wish Green would be more consistent, maybe this year's playoffs?  ;)
Credil54::I have bet with a system called Sportsbettingstar. Since I started I make roughly $3,000 a month in profit by following this systems picks. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.  Posting this for anyone out there that’s tired of not winning their bets.
Credil54::I started playing an online bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Since I started I have made an average profit of $3,000 a month. I hope that this reaches someone that is looking for an online betting system that really works well. I found this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.
daboafadem::Splitter's last 10 games:    14.8 PPG, 8.3 RPG, 71% FG
15steele15::I like how Pop said last year Tiago should not be in the conversation of Most Improved Player....why because hes always been that talented.
daboafadem::He finally got the memo to stop being Oberto version 2.0 and dunk.  Now that he has given up those lame layups and taking it to the rack his FG% and PER are off the charts.  He will be just fine come playoff time.  I suspect that TD dodged a bullet and they will be cautious with him.  There is no reason to think he can't come back 100% by playoff time.
Missile537::I just hope he's able to roll with the big boys come playoff time.  If he can relieve Timmy w/ some quality minutes against the likes of Howard/Gasol and Ibaka, we should be able to get back to the show
daboafadem::I think his progression this year is impressive.  His first 10 games this season had averages of like 7.5 PPG, 5.0 RPG, and maybe 53% FG.  He is getting minutes, but he also doing a hell of a lot with them.  He is now player # 4 on the Spurs roster with a PER over 20.
Missile537::He needs to step up...No tear for Timmy, but he'll still be limpin in the playoffs.  They need to unleash him
pspoolplayer::They taught the Timberwolves a lesson in adversity? You've got to be kidding.
hookemzuniga1022::Not "in adversity" in Overcoming Adversity
bnair14::Wait is Slam jack@ss finally gone...by that i mean his ugly face. Is the tony parker account his new one?
crooked ernie::another twolves season down the toilet.
Nerissa2525::Bad injury but they have a good line up
blitz pick up 45::bad luck
JohnWilkinsonJr::I'm glad David Stern was on hand tonight.  Maybe he learned something about how to run an NBA franchise.  It's not the stars that make a team it's the team.  Thank god he has no hand in how the Spurs are run.
Missile537::Everytime another banner goes up in SA, Stern's soul dies a li'l more
AllDuaneMan::Best basketball front office in NBA.
Cowboy5XSBChamp::Spurs just keep winning!! On to NBA title #5
AllDuaneMan::How many years are the Spurs gonna have the best record then lose in the playoffs?   I guess this year, at least.   Barring injuries, Thunder-Heat is happening in finals.  That's the reality.
mkwan0::Winning a championship is hard, even with the best record.  Spurs have done it four times.  That is the fourth best in league history.  Trying to dismiss the Spurs right now paints you for a fool.
No-account drifter::Spurs system does maximize their advantages over a larger number of games, and the Thunder are a very good team. It makes genuine sense that the Spurs are more likely to win the season than to win a series with the Thunder. But they certain can beat anyone in a 7-game series. We'll see. Thunder didn't manage to be the champs either. It's freaking hard.
Nerissa2525::No Harden when Westbrook is out of control I like Spurs chances against them
Missile537::It was a combo of them Thunder boys getting hot and our youngbloods not able to step up when the lights get brighter....yeah it's nice to see Green/Neal/Leonard have monster games in FEBRUARY, but until they can do that consistently in the WCF or the Finals, we'll have to keep leaning on the Old 3
texican_10::Remember 2011 finals Lebron was awesome
AllDuaneMan::Well, it seems some would like to eliminate taxes, but you can still count on Death and a Heat title, barring injury.   It makes the regular season boring....
detus::the young guns had a chance last year and they blew it, now its time for the vets to show them how to finish
neverzero::the Spurs have had certain people in the last 4 playoffs just go off on them and never do that again in their careers. Even when they got sweep by the Suns, the Suns had to shoot out of their minds to beat them, then promptly lost to the Lakers next round.
AllDuaneMan::Death, Taxes, and a Heat title.
oicurak9::all of them blow
sport medic::Death occurs only once in a lifetime. Half the population pays no taxes.  Thats why we have a deficit. Enjoy the bandwagon ride Heat fan.
JohnWilkinsonJr::If that was the case we'd be in more trouble than we are.  The Heat have won one, count 'em, one title.
texican_10::Im glad u can tell the future, hey am i guna get laid tonight? Since you know everything just let me know so i wont waste my time goin out tonight
AllDuaneMan::No, but you know what it was like when the Spurs were the best team.  You were just confident you'd win the conference.   Lakers went through this.   Thunder are it, now.
mkwan0::Funny, yo mention the Lakers and Spurs as showing confidence.  What do those two teams have in common that the Thunder don't.  I will give you a hint: The thunder have never won a championship, and those other teams have won multiple championships.
Cowboy5XSBChamp::fluke win for Thunder last year. No more Harden
AustinBeal::I guarantee when the Spurs play the Thunder in the playoffs, Ibaka won't go 11-11 in game 4. Thunder just got hot
scoopjackson_21::Wolves blow....can the season be over already?
Awakenbeing::OMG OMG! Spurs actually gets headline?!
kirt02::.
raymond_felton1::LOL, Ricky Rubio 3 for 13.  Overrated.
Burning Hamer::Most of his shots are drives that he gets fouled on and I don't think anyone ever expected him to be a 20.0 ppg 10.0 apg guy. I don't see how he is overrated considering the time he has missed also.
SPIZURS::I though we hated Mavs fans. TWolve fan and Mav fan = Pure hatred
thunderguy80::Cumshots d^ck is like a landmine ...small,hidden and explodes on contact
AustinBeal::If a tree falls in a forest and nobody is around, does it make a sound? I bet Slamdunkonyou and his dumbo ears can answer that for you
sk0dawgs::it doesn't it makes a stimulus that only becomes "sound" once it is heard (perceived) by  a person
JohnWilkinsonJr::Any questions?
how_many_cumshots_in_the_face_has_tony_parker_taken::Sure do ... can i bang  your brother ?
SPURZWARZ.0::He has high standards, unlike your mom ^^^
Minnysota Vikings::Why is slamdunkonyou happy he has a nutsack?   He uses it as a mudflap.
how_many_cumshots_in_the_face_has_tony_parker_taken::LOL all joking aside everyone check out the face on this mutt @ thunderguy80 Haha the worst is it is really him lol
Teo240::slam dunk is rather famous around texas, his mother always wins first place at the livestock show
SPURZWARZ.0::I saw slamdunkonyou's mom on the road yesterday, I ran out of gas trying to drive around her!
Teo240::AHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA
jf20219::Cumshot is what your dad should have given your mom instead of leaving it in
Minnysota Vikings::How do you fit slamdunkonyou and his 2 cousins on a bar stool?  Flip it upside down.
South Fargo Woodchippers::cumshot wants his butthole breeded by spurz, this is his way of flirting
spursdcmdva::lol@ this is his way of flirting
SPURZWARZ.0::What does slamdunkonyou &amp; McDonals's have in common?  Answer: they both like to stick their meat in 10 year old BUNS!
AustinBeal::That's just too nasty lol
Minnysota Vikings::lmao
d94ware9::Nobody mentions Tony Parker as a top PG in this league. It baffles me.
how_many_cumshots_in_the_face_has_tony_parker_taken::He is also a top cumswallower
AustinBeal::Ehh, it's cool. As long as Parker is holding a trophy at the end of the year then it's all good
PoRtEr_24::He is a great player
thunderguy80::so thats how god keeps idiots from repopulating....by giving them a small $@%!$....and all this time I thought  cumshot was cursed
how_many_cumshots_in_the_face_has_tony_parker_taken::the Mom joke doesn't fit we are talking about your fat face ? haha omg dude is this really you ????? HIDE ITTTTTTT
how_many_cumshots_in_the_face_has_tony_parker_taken::U look fat .. have more chips and junk food fatty
thunderguy80::I can't your mom ate them all
AustinBeal::Hey cumshot, do me next so I can throw it back at you
BaylorBear2015::He would probably love to do you.
spursdcmdva::???
how_many_cumshots_in_the_face_has_tony_parker_taken::I have no life i need to come on here and throw insults at anyone because i have no life living in my moms dirty basement , can someone help me ? I am out of  food stamps ?  ~ Teo240 ( call me queer Teo as i love Manti my hero )
spursdcmdva::actually pretty funny
TRUUU_SPURZ::Wtf is going on...lmao
TRUUU_SPURZ::He should know trolls get roasted.
BaylorBear2015::He enjoys it. Frequent troll.
thunderguy80::insulting slam and cumshot
Teo240::slam dunk is getting roasted as usual
blitz pick up 45::idk man
Teo240::lmao @ slam liking his own comments
SPURZWARZ.0::He licks himself also!
how_many_cumshots_in_the_face_has_tony_parker_taken::Slam dunk has a huge banana i soooo want it in my butt   ~ Teo240
blitz pick up 45::stop while you have some dignity!!!
how_many_cumshots_in_the_face_has_tony_parker_taken::My Mom has huge tlts   ~SPURZWARZ.0
Complaint Dept.::Lmfao
SPURZWARZ.0::You.  She said yours were bigger!
how_many_cumshots_in_the_face_has_tony_parker_taken::i Finaly feel like a real man wearing my moms panties that are full of shitstains from that fat cow ..  ~SPURZWARZ.0
Teo240::this has to be the lamest comeback ever
blitz pick up 45::you are weird as fuck!!!
SPURZWARZ.0::So was your mom on loan from the dairy farm?
Minnysota Vikings::slamdunkonyou: Yo dude, I had my first BJ today!   Me: Sweet dude! How was it?  slamdunkonyou: It tasted awful.
SPURZWARZ.0::Lmfao
