Vincent Ly::all team know if you stop CP3 you can possible win the Clippers.  That does not mean clippers players are not good.  They don't have everything yet, a few players are pretty good to win games but not dominant.  If you want to win championship you have to have at least 2 guys are dominants in their position unless you got lucky because something happened to the other team.  With Clippers they need 4 dominants players in their team.  CP3 is the only one but too bad he's still just a small guy.  DeJ needed to be, Blade need to be and look like he's getting it .  JJ Redick is not, Jamal is not, Dudley is not and never can be, he's kind.  Dominant is defined as you are able to score at your style in your position and defense anyone same size and smaller.  This is the answer.  They're a good team but not to win 7 games in the playoffs vs Memphis, OKC, spurs.  Kobe, Lebron, Shaq, Marc gasol, healthy Drose, Dirk (a litlte weaker on the defense side), Zeboo, Boozer, the younger PPiere, Bosh (same side C), and a lot more players to names.  This is similar way the Heat picked it players.
Clipperdude::The win is not important so much as the improved play by the bench. Long ways to go but there is improvement. Just have to be more consistent and keep improving.
Rodney::Man we sure do miss Eric Bledsoe.  I think Collison needs more time to develop, but Mean Willie Green needs to step up his game for Lob City.
PKM::Too bad for Memphis to lose Gasol, otherwise they would probably beat the Clippers.
Anton::Clippers always play hardest against depleted teams lol. Against top teams they are chokers.
Clinica::rivers is overrated. Mark my word, the Clippers  will never  make it to the finals  with him as coach.
Homey D Clown::The Crappers will be doing just that after another blow out loss.
Homey D Clown::The Crapper curse is growing and will spread through out the whole team like a virus.
clarenceworley::Memphis is a lot like Detroit, but without the glamor.
jr1::Koufos for 17 and 9 tonight. I doubt Gasol would have put up much more or changed the eventual outcome. Clips came to play hard and got it done. The Doc haters can bellyache all they want. The Clips are becoming tougher and by the end of the season, that's going to matter. Live with it.
