Forkitout24::We suck
Tjokelikeschicken::I Wonder if Portland will look at the possibility of tradine for Center Chris Kaman? With the age we have at the center position, another able body is not a bad idea. I would have no prob giving a player who already doesn't see much playing time and a 2nd or 2rd rounder for Kaman. Nolan Smith maybe?
permatroll::the suns would have won this game if robin lopez hadn't been suspended.
Tjokelikeschicken::This guy's name and picture explain his comment.
chadeee2569::Is Lopez averaging 40 ppg?
BlazersWar::nice to see a deserving win ... and Camby is beasting at the boards
Zach4panthers::0 points and 20 rebounds lol! Camby did his job though
Logicalfan1::Only the 2nd player in team history with back to back 20 rebound games.
arizonasportsman::Big win for the Suns lottery wise.
eazyt_971::I remember 3 years ago when it looked like Aldridge and Amare Stoudemire were going to be traded for each other. The deal was just about done but Phoenix pulled out of the deal at the last minute. Let me speak for all blazer fans and say THANK YOU TO THE PHOENIX FRONT OFFICE for killing that deal.
Tjokelikeschicken::Could you imagine??? We would have had the all-knees team. Amare, Roy, and Oden. Portland's own Big Knee
Tjokelikeschicken::oh, was that supposed to be big 3???
Tjokelikeschicken::Haha! Kobelies- how does 3 wins in the last 4 games make you feel??? IDIOT!!!
CandySparker::LaMarcus Aldridge for All Satr
NBA_refs_are_weak::crawford with 10 assists whaaaaaat releasing his inner chris paul tonight
TunaSauce16::2nd overall pick here we come.
BoomShakaLuka::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=723xuph  Trade Nash to the Atlanta Hawks for: Kirk Hinrich, Jeff Teague, 1st rounder.  Gives the Hawks a legitimate shot to contend in the east, while keeping their cap flexibility.  For the Suns they get a young prospect in Teague, expiring contract in Hinrich, and a late 1st rounder to work with.
BoomShakaLuka::The reason I like this trade is because it doesn't hurt the Suns' financial flexibility. Teague has promise. Hinrich is an expiring deal. We still get a late 1st rounder. If we can just tank the year, that means we'll have 2 picks to work with and cap space. I can't see a team giving up young talent, and a higher pick for Nash.
TunaSauce16::I think the Suns can do better.
Steven7355::Yeah where is roymullin
OregonLou::His mommy turned off the lights in the basement and he shart himself !
Natediggity12::I'm still waiting for Clyde drexler to bring a championship home to rip city!!
OregonLou::He's still pretending to be a Houston Rocket.  He got lucky.
leftyman39::Great game by the Blazers tonight. The Suns received payback for the throttling of the Blazers down in Phoenix not too long ago. If the Blazers can play better on the road, this will be a formidable team to deal with. I say Blazers brass should keep the core of these young players together down the road; they can only get better.
kdoggizzle::Yeah, just find a replacement for Felton
drewdizzy1::Lets not forget not to long ago we were blown out by the Suns. Show some respect, they never talked this much mess.
Logicalfan1::Actually their players did. Which is why the Blazers were so pissed and routed them like this.
rromero076::I would take loves game in the long road, Griffin has more to practice to get better then love
Natediggity12::I love loves game more to not as exciting but it's winning basketball
bmaccorm::winning basketball? haha didn't they win 19 games last year...
blazers4lyf::they're both nothing on LMA!!
Natediggity12::Love&gt; griffin right now but griffin has more talent should pass him up love is a beast and that two lives team is the next up and coming team
Natediggity12::I guess nothing at all lol
kyweaver77::what does that have to do with the suns or blazers? unless you want them to trade for him
rromero076::Notice how that RoyMullin and Kobelies247 are only on here at the end when the blazers lose
Natediggity12::1 more championship than half the league
leftyman39::What's these fool's problem with the Blazers anyway? I guess it's all the championships (1977) we've won and the weird people of Portland. What's not to like about the Blazers and the city of Portland? Portlandia is the funniest show on tv right now; all the more reason to like the city.
Tjokelikeschicken::Portlandia is maybe the dumbest show I have EVER seen!!! I am a Blazers fan and I live in Seaside (about 1hr from POR), but I have to say, that show is STUPID!!!! . . .sorry
blazers4lyf::you missed the other hater, jazzfanfromINDIA. hahaha they were trolls!
blazers4lyf::so much of the discussion of who's better between LMA, love and griffin. LMA&gt;love+riding on griffin,. period!
RossEnglund::eliot wiliams puts points on your face
ZodModule::Suns have no talent. It's like The Harlem Globetrotters screaming they are better then the Generals.. smartest $@%!$@ in the special Olympics doesn't make you smart.
JOE CARLS::im a Suns fan but good god DUDLEY SUCKS,LOPEZ SUCKS, REDD SUCKS,BROWN SUCKS,TELFAIR SUCKS,FRYE SUCKS im not going to be dishonest with myself and im not blind Dudley wouldnt be the 9th man off the bench for a good team and only play like 15 min a game
blazers4lyf::blazers&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;suns i d i o t!
Sundevils747::Jared Dudley put better points on your face
blazers4lyf::don't hate too much dude. you might get heart problems! lol
blazers4lyf::nothing left to say. loser! lol
Sundevils747::cause williams and the failblazers are garbage
blazers4lyf::failblazers?? blazers 12-8&gt;suns 6-12. oh! failsuns!!
Sundevils747::cause williams and the failblazers are garbage
Sundevils747::cause williams and the failblazers are garbage
blazers4lyf::that's so scary man. wiiliams is a garbage how about yourself oh i mean the suns? lol
blazers4lyf::okay williams is a garbage but the suns well they were s h i t!
blazers4lyf::garbage?? lol. okay, you said he is garbage. how can you define the suns with williams killing them and you said he is a garbage??lol
Sundevils747::because he is garbage. thats why he plays those minutes. he's straight garbage.
blazers4lyf::ps and with dudley on the floor. eat that!
blazers4lyf::yes. cos he only played during boring times just like this game and still smashing on your suns. period!
Sundevils747::with his 1.5 ppg. so scared
blazers4lyf::yes you'd take him all day whle williams smashing and dunking on him all day. period!
Sundevils747::i'd take dudley any day. sorry
blazers4lyf::me either. just saying williams&gt;dudley!
Sundevils747::jokes on you fool, because i didnt. not my fault no one agrees with your dumb logic
blazers4lyf::poor you! you like your own post. lol
Sundevils747::4/5 &gt; 4/8 i d i o t
blazers4lyf::dudley played almost every quarter! i d i o t. williams only played 4th and played pretty well.
jojoac4::RIP CITY BABY!!!!
ARIZONAFAN4EVA::gg blazers Suns till the end, Going to the game tomorrow!
ARIZONAFAN4EVA::Thanks guys, other than the Warriors, im rooting for the blazers. Mid-small market teams for the win! haha
natesweet72::good luck tomorrow night. It is weird as a Blazers fan seeing the Suns struggle. Just not used to it..
Natediggity12::Don't forget diaw contract Childress contract to name a few Nash gave u so much wish he got a ring for u guys
Natediggity12::2004 u had worst record in west the marbury days.... Back when the kings were relevant so ya it's been a while
natesweet72::As a Cubs fan I know from hard times and front offices that are a joke.
Sundevils747::that's what happens when your front office is a joke. Ridiculous contracts, terrible draft picks, multiple bad trades. Only thing they've done right is get Gortat, and that was just a lucky draw
arizonasting001::us Suns fans arent used to it either.. kinda embarrasing.
arizonasting001::nice man have fun.
cleb976::Anyone remember the last Blazers-Suns chat wall...haha good times
rromero076::The Jazz should be a good test for the Blazers next, At Utah
ARIZONAFAN4EVA::the suns are too talented to be this bad. I think they are capable of the eight seed but they are playing like the nets were two yrs back, haha
Natediggity12::As do the cardinals and coyotes and dbacks who had a 1 hit wonder season
ARIZONAFAN4EVA::agreed
Natediggity12::Oh ya that deven Harris Lopez team that threatened the worst record bad lol well the wiz Rds this year may threaten those nets suns aren't that bad but they need to strip and rebuild
ARIZONAFAN4EVA::they almost broke the record in a bad way, lol
dankfranks_155::The Nets were a whole nother type of bad.
Natediggity12::Are the nets of 2 years back any different than now??
blazers4lyf::next opponent for blazers?
blazers4lyf::ahhhgggggggg!!! our division rivals.. blazers should play hard!!
BlazerRoddy::Utah!!! I wanna beat Utah.
BlazerRoddy::and Denver again!
rromero076::The kings
Natediggity12::Sacramento kings roster or Phoenix roster who's would u take going forward???
Natediggity12::Talent wise yes but together it doesn't make sense if we had Nash maybe lol
cleb976::kings...they're much younger and look more promising in the long run
cowpoke85::Too bad this isn't the first of back-to-backs... no one even hit the 30-minute mark...
rromero076::I take it back a bit, he just does not hold himself on the court well at times, never really panned out as the blazers thought he would have
9thtimeacharm::Williams&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Felton Williams needs to play
cowpoke85::One thing is for sure... the guy needs to get some minutes. I want to see what the young man is made of. He dominated the Suns backups!
bboysleepy::Top performer for the Suns:  H. Warrick 9 Pts, 7 Reb, 3 Ast...
Coffin_Filla::just brutal
arizonasting001::says it all
9thtimeacharm::Is Camby the first player in NBA History to not score a point and have 20 rebounds in a game?
671niners::No, he is the second person to have done it. Dennis Rodman was the first one and did it 7 times. lol.
kdoggizzle::Yeah, but it's the 2nd time he's done it. He did it when he was on the Nuggets too.
cowpoke85::Good question... 24 minutes, 20 rebounds... doing work!
cowpoke85::Revenge is so sweet! Williams looked really good there in the 4th. Definitely the best player on the court...
Natediggity12::Us kings fans welcome u suns fans to the annual lottery!!
Natediggity12::Lol hopefully ur not in as long as us on our radio show an 8 year old wanted to leave his first game early because they suck so bad as Denver pounded us by like 30
arizonasting001::haha see ya there
ARIZONAFAN4EVA::hahahaha
JOE CARLS::thank you we will see u there!!!
Natediggity12::It's not that fun here lol
JOE CARLS::save us a good seat
blazers4lyf::good game blazers!!
kyweaver77::trade nash for rubio
Natediggity12::Minnesota would never do that Nash only has value to a contender
kyweaver77::oh i don't know, david khan is pretty crazy
rromero076::Telfair is such a thug, ashame to say he was a blazer
Sundevils747::He's known to be one of the more respectful players in the locker room. Maybe if the refs didn't call one-sided games, tempers wouldn't flare.
cleb976::exactly...thank you
ARIZONAFAN4EVA::lol, im not acting like i know his whole story brother. Im just saying he's a nice guy from what i know. I've talked to him several times and he seems nice
cleb976::some people have a hard time accepting the fact that athletes are people too, it's not like th're all spoiled jerks
cleb976::He seems like a nice enough dude from what I've read about him and heard from former teammates
dankfranks_155::Stop actin like you know his whole story. Hes a bad proffessional basketball player but you aint gotta clue about who he is outside the court.
ARIZONAFAN4EVA::I actually know him where i work, he's a nice guy, just a bad player
hhk6::Hes not a thug, hes a good dude
hhk6::Williams earned more playing time
wayde1213::yeah he looked good in the no d no passing d league type of game. i would say give him 4-5 minutes in the 3rd qtr to see if he could hang
MetsNLChamps2012::There is no excuse for losing to the fail Blazers by 30+   Nash doesnt deserve anything... You earn your rings around here
cleb976::nash deserves a ring....and the blazers are a good team, stick to baseball...idiot
ARIZONAFAN4EVA::Adam Morrison earned his rings, haha
wayde1213::we all can name a few deep bench players who got rings.
arizonasting001::GG Blazers, you returned the favor after we pounded you at home. Good luck the rest of the year
PortlandBlazers1004::Good luck to you guys too!
pdxkid4life::Ya thanks, you guys still have promise in the draft!
hhk6::Elliot Williams for President!
rromero076::This is just a good old fashion beat down
eaglesfan1723::wow went over by 1
PortlandBlazers1004::A chalupa sounds good right now.
cleb976::ouch
ryannd9::what happened,  you slipped in the toilet and got somthing sticky on ur butt
cleb976::I meant the game...but that too
Antiquity001::Trade Nash now.  Relieve him of this awful team.
ColoradoSportsFanatic::To bad the Blazers are in the toughest divison in the NBA..They still are looking way up at the Nuggets and Thunder.
blazers4lyf::jazz lost earlier to dallas.
blazers4lyf::the only over hyped team in NW is the wolves. lol
wayde1213::i think the jazz are playing way above there level. and portland should hand them there 3rd loss in a row in a few days
BlazerRoddy::Guess when we beat the Nugs again maybe you'll give up making those hilarious comments of yours.
PortlandBlazers1004::It really is the toughest division. The Jazz aren't a joke either. And the Wolves are up and coming.
ColoradoSportsFanatic::When does 1 game win a championship..Its a marathon not a sprint.
ColoradoSportsFanatic::You don't understand that phrase..The season is a marathon composed of many games..1 game ( sprint ) played at the beginning of the season where the Blazers won does not mean they are a better team. I thought everybody who has ever watched a team sport had heard that phrase at least once.
hhk6::What?
hhk6::Umm get outta here with that nuggets shi.t we killed them
pdxkid4life::Ya ur right ur nuggets are doing goooooood!
bboysleepy::Could blow outs (Suns and Magic) lead to the release of Nash and Howard in the same week?
bboysleepy::I meant not on the team anymore, whether release or trade...
dankfranks_155::Release Howard? Did you just take some x my guy?
bboysleepy::lol
