NewAges::Why McHale is a rookie as coach?  He plays players' disadvantages: --PG plays SG --SG plays PG --PF shoot 3-point instead of post up Overuses Harden --Harden played 40+ minutes every game regardless he plays good or bad so as blowout games Poor rotations --Some player get pull out while hot, then put him back in when he got cold Experiment with new lineup in every game...
sealtrader::Because of JLin, Rocket got lots new fan base.  Without JLin, how many ppl even give $@%! about your sticky Htown bball team !!! Show some respect for the newly minted Rocket fan or disappear from the highlight zone !!!
NewAges::LOH pretend to be LOF
AY410::Kemba Walker anyone? How does he stack up vs. Other young PGs like Lin, Dragic, Wall, Irving?
DuaneXC::Jeez, to the people complaining about McHale S T F U.  The Pacers are a terrible match-up for Houston much like the Clippers and Denver...or much like the Rockets are for Utah and Golden State.    Indiana plays top notch defense and have a capable big man too.  Also, who thought we'd be 39-32 after 71 games before the season started?
luckywin7::harden FG 6-24!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jason Stone Lee::McFail is joke, he has no idea how to play D and O as well. Harden iso + 3s is only his game plan.  I can say, no PG can get assists from Harden's shoots, because he is poor for catch and shoot or catch and drive.
tim4w5::With the Bulls two best All-Stars Noah and Rose out, they win. If the shoe was on the other foot and Wade and James were out I don't see Miami getting more than 60pts. Give respect.
DWoe23::great point!!!!! The headline would have stated: Bulls beat short handed Heat.
setrue::When a person label themselves as a long time Rocket fan, it does not  entitle that person to disregard the truth.  McHale is simply not a very good coach in terms of player development, substitutions patterns, game management.  No amount of LOF labeling can change the fact that McHale has these flaws.  He does not have the skills set to be a championship coach.  If the Rockets make the playoffs, it will be base on the player's talent in spite of their bad coaching.
Denzel7587::Dezagcoog Stupid fans who don't understand what is happening with their team complain. There's a difference. I'm a die hard Rox fan. I'm not complaining about McHale. I don't like him as our coach but Complaining is useless and stupid. _ _ _ _  _ _ _ _  _  _  _ You call yourself a die-hard Rockets fan? So, a die-hard Rocket fan can't complain against a coach who is making crappy decisions? Complaining is useless and stupid when the coach is doing a good job. Not complaining when the coach is doing a bad job is not demonstrating loyalty to your team.
AY410::Why did u pick the name Denzel?
bsimon30::McHale is doing a good job, and to say otherwise is stupid.
Denzel7587::Dezagcoog and if it were just complaining a little no one would care. These guys post 50 posts in a row complaining about the coach and the other players. It gets very annoying to hear some idiot Lin fans bash the team that you've followed for the past 23 years since you were about 6.  _____________________________ I am a Lin fan and a Rockets fan now. So criticizing the coach for his insane decisions is bashing the team to you? You're not as bright as you purport to be.
01.02.2013::Scary reality for Rocket fans -  Like in last night's game, the refs will be  more inclined to let players play through contact in the playoffs.  Harden scoring numbers ,without the refs whistle especially during dribble penetration, would  plummet.
Boodro87::Jeremy needs to improve. Bad coaching or not.
luckywin7::how???????harden cost the losing this game
Boodro87::Turnovers. Tear drop. 3 pointer. Did we watch the same game last night?
01.02.2013::Boodro87 - Relying on the past. Nice...  Have a good day buddy I have to get back to work !  ;)
01.02.2013::Boodro87 - Relying on the past. Nice...  :)   I have to say youre very persistent
Boodro87::Relying on the past. Nice...
01.02.2013::Great, if you've seen that happen in past games make sure you post the link.
Boodro87::No problem. Hopefully we won't see Lin brick a wide open three then turned the ball over twice on three consecutive possessions.
01.02.2013::thanks
Boodro87::If you're content with that then I don't have anything to say.
01.02.2013::2 TO were caused by penetration   only 2 were give aways  Lin shot 50% from the field  Did we watch the same game last night?
01.02.2013::in what?
DodgersRaidersBullsFresnoState::Fun fact! Greg Smith and Paul George were teammates in college at California State University-Fresno, or just simply Fresno State!
DodgersRaidersBullsFresnoState::BULLLDOGS!!!
DWoe23::Just 7 more wins to clinch home court in the 1st round
zinny999::How did Bev get more minutes and actually accomplish less. I haven't been following rocket enough to know if this have happen less. It seem Mchale is just a bad coach or his back room staffs are less then scare to confront Mchale on his mistakes.
ryroll::Jeremy Lin was at -15. He obviously was not doing something right
01.02.2013::@Thri  -- You're right, Lin was out on the court with Asik and Dmo and frankly Hibbert was abusing them.   @ryroll i hope you understand how +/- is calculated
ThriCeSLewis::turnovers (as usual...) and look at harden's 6/24 - and the pacer's bigs owned the rockets in the paint... it  depends on who you share the court with
bassadilla05::If you don't really follow the Rockets, then you're not informed enough to judge
MythoughtsareconfirmedbyGod::Where's the idiot who said Asik is 1000 times better than Hibbert?  C'mon, little boy.
MasterOfLogic::lol, that was hilarious.
AdvilROCKETS::Reading the post below blows my mind -- Fans expressing  disdain for "LOF"  When in reality the rox lost the game because Harden and Parsons(to a lesser extent) sucked in shooting and Harden was killing ball movement by hogging the ball.
EyeAmCommi::Fans forget that Harden needs to be held accountable for every loss too.  It's obvious the coaching staff is lost on that concept.
Sham_Antonio_will_NEVER_make_ESPN_Highlights::This team is too young..they need to get into the playoffs and thats about it!! cant wait!!
EyeAmCommi::He got in foul trouble...
Sham_Antonio_will_NEVER_make_ESPN_Highlights::D Mo got yanked early lastnight..why trade morris and Patterson if youre gonna yank your small forward so fast?!?!
Jceagle17::I stop watching Rockets games, I really can't stand watching very bad coaching especially from Mchale. I personally don't see the Rockets making the playoff due to bad decisions making from Rocket's coaching staff..  Botton Line Houston Rocket need a new coach
Sham_Antonio_will_NEVER_make_ESPN_Highlights::they already made the playoffs, imo..if not, mchale will get fired!!
february1088::I agree, but don't tell this to us, tweet it to Morey
heitz13::Nice to see Hibbert more aggressive.  Got to make sure he stays involved down the stretch.
Jackiemoonsexy::<b>If this Rockets team is coach by SVG, they are easily in the 4th spot right now. McHale was a great player but it doesn't mean he will be a great coach too or let alone a good coach. He's bad at decision making and adjustments.</b>
february1088::Chris Finch is the dumb idiot  who designed the "everyone else besides the PG can bring up the ball in Houston offense"
eenz3::Chris Finch looks promising so I wouldn't worry too much about the future.
Dezagcoog::I'm amazed at how biased and prejudice some people can be. You can tell them time and time again that you don't like someone and then they keep saying stuff like "no matter how much you defend them" or "despite what you may think." It's like uhhhh I just told you I don't like them....But if they've made up their mind before-hand there's just absolutely NOTHING you can do to make them understand. Oh well. Good night y'all.
AdvilROCKETS::go to sleep
EyeAmCommi::Harden is kinda limited in athletic gifts so he has to do that.  Learned if from Durant while he was at OKC.
DWoe23::that sounds like Derrick Rose
kenzou89::It goes down to poor game time coaching decisions. If harden iso play can grind results then it's good, but he struggled tonight in his iso play and the coaching staffs failed to adjust to it hoping harden will all of a sudden get hot and bail the team out. Having only one game plan just won't work...
Skatingseveneleven::IMO it is always superstar's job to post up in any situation.
Dezagcoog::That's not Harden's game. He eurosteps and draws fouls.
Dezagcoog::But the coaching staff doesn't draw up plays. Those on court decisions are made by the players. Which means that coaching staff is also partially at fault for not having set plays. But its especially hard cause we have no post up players.
AY410::Why hasnt brooks played at all besides those garbage minutes a few games back? please tell me someone.
AY410::Bernie... Howd u like Tommy Hass performance yesterday?
eenz3::It was a joke. But I was rooting for Nole. Your link was funny, shows how competitive he is.
AY410::How can u hate that!?  you love Nole that much? Tommy Haas is a hero. Have u seen this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gQ2NhteF44
eenz3::Hated it. Hahaha it was good but he took out Nole in the process.
AY410::.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::In other news, I think the Rox will only get out of the 1st round if they match up with Memphis.  That is all.  Ok, goodbye for real.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::Oy, getting late.  See you people later.  Especially you, you angry angry LOF.
EyeAmCommi::Anyone who hates on LOF are idiots.  No one is saying he needs x minutes or this and that.  Just that he be given an opportunity, he's certainly earned it.  He's bailed this team out on many occasions this season only to be rewarded with being yanked early, never put back in until garbage minutes?  That's how you treat your starting PG and fan favorite?  Garbage minutes after Bev played 28 minutes? Anyone who doesn't see that is a $@%! and a racist.
Skatingseveneleven::Do all LOFs really think that if Lin played more minutes (like 35 minutes) then Rox would have won ?  To be realistic .
eenz3::OK, I know I've been guilty of adding flame into the fire that LOHs and LOFs make every game, but let's make this a resolution. From now on, we real basketball fans should ignore comments made by LOFs and LOHs and have a good basketball talk every game. Well, I have author blocker so it's easy for me.
Denzel7587::Not possible. Some of you sound like LOHs to me.
AY410::i didnt mean ball player. I mean ever. Only The senator from Hawaii that just passed away was greater
AY410::No doubt Deza, its the price to pay for having the Greatest Asian American ever on ur team.
DWoe23::Shaq was the better center of there time... try again
Dezagcoog::LOLOLOL Asian American sure. But not Asian. YAO will forever be better than Lin. The guy was the best center of his time. Doubt Lin will ever be best PG of his time.
Dezagcoog::That's the problem. They just bomb the boards with all this hate. It gets tiresome. There is that one guy with 1000 names who riles all the LOF up, and some of the LOFH
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::I have that too but I find it is quite pointless as each side keeps making new ID's and my list keeps getting longer and longer.  Grr.
eenz3::Exactly, but the way he's playing out this whole situation it's becoming very obvious that he doesn't want to meet halfway and he is using his condition to gain an unfair advantage...
Dezagcoog::Well y'know it's hard with all those govt rules protecting people with mental health issues n stuff.
eenz3::Speaking of that, I hope the Rox have enough grounds already to void White's contract before next season.
Dezagcoog::eenz3 - I kinda feel bad for Lin, now fans of other teams would wish not to have him because they don't wanna deal with his fans. Kinda like what Royce White is doing.  VERY TRUE!
eenz3::I kinda feel bad for Lin, now fans of other teams would wish not to have him because they don't wanna deal with his fans. Kinda like what Royce White is doing.
Dezagcoog::LOL the LOF will only leave when Lin leaves the team. This board was never like this before. But they blame us....Funny how it's once they got here that this whole mess started but it's our fault.
eenz3::LOL, but the more they notice that no one is responding to their comments they will eventually move on to LA/NY/MIA boards (hopefully)
AY410::Someone told me Morey is like that Brad Pitt moneyball coach . that true?
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::Yes, stat geek.  Both teams also went on incredible winning streaks.  Oakland has yet to win one with this approach though so at first glance it looks like a bad idea.  However, Daryl's approach is different and exciting, much like the team so I'm content for now.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::how amazing would it be to win with an unorthodox approach in the era of "Superteams"
Dezagcoog::I agree. He's using the stats to find diamonds in the rough and using them to get bigger fish. It'd be nice to see inside his head.
Dezagcoog::Sarcasm was playful just fyi.
Dezagcoog::LOL uhh just a little. The guy basically runs the annual MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference every year!
AY410::Dezagcoog - thanks for the articles. I actually learned something about the Rockets history. Appreciate it
Dezagcoog::Next Rox coach is Chris Finch. Book it! Unless Morey can snag some super coach like Jackson which will obviously not happen.
Gerry4707::Knicks beat the Grizzlies and Pacers beat the Rockets. For all you Miami Heat haters that said the East was all garbage what y'all gotta say now?
AY410::Pacers!!! I used to follow everyone of your games. Read all the Indy Cornrows. U cut my boy AJ Price and I Hate u forever!
NealIndy::I don't think we had the available space to offer AJ a better contract. Trust me, if they could have kept him and Collison, they probably would have. Although the Collison trade for Ian Mahinmi has really worked out well for us.
AY410::No way...i didnt hear of any contract offer from the pacers. find me the offer. AJ price turned down my facebook invite last week. so sad
Pacersfan4ever::W3 didnt cut him he was a Free agent and Washington offered him a better contract.
AY410::So Denzel only came to the rockets to watch Lin, big deal. Its obvious he will defend Lin if Mchale isnt giving him enough respect/trust. Tonight was one of those games where Jeremy could have probably helped out more, but McHale choose not to go with him. This can only be considered 1 mistake out of many many good things hes done to get this team to where it is. It is however, the 1 mistake unforgivable to Lin fans and for that he is a 'bad coach'. Hes not a bad coach...He just likes to bench lin when hes playing poor, and for whatever reason keeps him there what could be considered too long. Its obvious he resents the attention that Lin gets like a lot of long time rocket fans
AY410::Create a dif acct? Ive had this acct forever tool
Archbob1::did you really have to go create a different account, i mean whats the point?
Pacersfan4ever::I gotta agree tho that Lin doesnt get enough chances to shine. Lin is a much better playmaker and Harden is deadlyfrom the 3 pt range. Nights where Harden has a premiere defender on him maybe he should pass more? Lol
Dezagcoog::You really don't understand why that matters? It's obvious...they aren't going to get rid of him until they feel that Chris Finch is ready. Once Finch is ready McHale's job as placeholder is over. So complaining and crying about McHale is useless. He's not going anywhere cause of his bad coaching. But you're going to still sit here and complain endlessly.
Dezagcoog::and if it were just complaining a little no one would care. These guys post 50 posts in a row complaining about the coach and the other players. It gets very annoying to hear some idiot Lin fans bash the team that you've followed for the past 23 years since you were about 6.
Dezagcoog::Stupid fans who don't understand what is happening with their team complain. There's a difference. I'm a die hard Rox fan. I'm not complaining about McHale. I don't like him as our coach but Complaining is useless and stupid.
Archbob1::Why should fans not complain when their coach sucks? Fans of every team will complain when their coach is making stupid decisions that is costing them games.
Dezagcoog::well then bit.ching and moaning endlessly is definitely going to turn McHale into a good coach...  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Archbob1::Cause the rockets aren't going anywhere until he starts making sensible decisions.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::I like Lin, not obsessed like the LOF....but I gotta admit Mchale's decision-making is really spotty and not just with Lin.  He often makes questionable substitutions or does not make subs fast enough.  Its cost us a few games already and I fear he will cost us a few more games in the playoffs.  It's pretty noticeable though that he doesn't think much of Lin.  I've never seen a starter with such a short leash.  It's comical actually.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::ok buddy, whatever you say.  I have no idea what point you're trying to make.  I also have no idea why your favorite team is Atlanta and why you're here.
Archbob1::I'm referring to his "articles" that he posted and keeps referring to. The ones showing the McHale is not here for the long term and that the Rockets don't have any set plays. How is that even relevent in respect to the crappy subsitutions that McHale makes that is costing us games.   McHale's short leash on Lin is one of his stupid decisions. But not his only one, and by far not his worst one.
Dezagcoog::Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic - .... ^ wtf.  I don't know I think he's an LOF that can only repeat his hatred for McHale as an excuse for why Lin hasn't been playing as well as last year.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::.... ^ wtf.
Archbob1::what does that have to do with the fact that he's s crappy coach and does not know how to make subs?
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::yea I get the feeling he's gone.  This is a young team that can really go places if given the right guidance.  Sadly his guidance isn't right for this squad.
Dezagcoog::Yeah it is. I don't think I've heard anyone defend the guy by saying he's a great coach and super smart and spot on with all substitutions. BUT any real Rox fan knows that he was here temporarily unless he really proved himself. But try to explain that to any LOF and they act like you're defending him.
Pacersfan4ever::Any Rockets fan want to argue Asik&gt;Hibbert now? Hibbert is better at everything, maybe even in a Race lol. Good game rho Rockets.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::Hibbert is obviously better.  Asik is really raw in just about everything - like catching the damn ball!  The fact that his D and rebounding is what it is today is quite impressive all things considered.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::I'm satisfied with where Asik is at.  I'm actually satisfied with where all of the starters are (except for that damn PF spot which has been killer all year).  All of them are first time starters and exceeded my expectations.
Pacersfan4ever::Not hating he plays with heart. Some Rox fans were trying to say Asik was betterearlier tho, thats all.
AY410::nice..are u the only one? haha
Pacersfan4ever::No AJ &gt; Augustin
AY410::Pacers $@%!$@% suck I hate the pacers. Why did u cut AJ Microwave Price!!!!!!!!
Pacersfan4ever::I do miss AJ Price
Archbob1::Asik had a bad game, but he's generally a better rebounder and defender.
Archbob1::Dude, the rest of the Rockets team suck defensively aside from Asik. Harden doesn't try on defense half the time.
Pacersfan4ever::Better defender? Than Hibbert? Or just better most of the time? Hibbert is the reason we are number 1 defensively
bigmacandfries::please help me out if you see any Heat Fans in the morning this will help them feel better as the day goes by    Newsflash a massive Heatwave took over the world causing Heat fans to dance to the Streak, but they took a wrong turn on The Windy City Street,   Someone told them to stay away from the Windy City because Heatwaves usually Die in pity. The Heat fan said how could this be' the windy city fan Replied  , Fool i told you its too Dam Cold for Heatwaves this time of year.     My name is Deli Dale i wrote this message and i dam sure approve this message oh by the way GO BULLS!!!!!!    ps this message was created by the Makers of We Broke Your Dam Streak.com i know what you are saying as you read this you Mutha $@%!$@ please pass along and make a heat fan day i know i will.
Dezagcoog::Go to your own board and post your crud and like your own posts there. Sad that this is the bulls' biggest moment.
Denzel7587::It's good to spar with a Lin hater. I get to practice my English.
Dezagcoog::Oh and it's McHALE not McHAIL... any real basketball fan would know this as he is one of the greatest players of all time.
Dezagcoog::I need to explain the difference between conversation and complaining to you? Seriously?  I also love the "despite what I may think." Just goes to show that no matter what I say you've made up your mind that I'm defending McHale. You're an idiot. Learn to read. I've said multiple times now that I don't like McHale and don't think he's a good coach. He's a placeholder. No one said that he's mentoring Chris Finch. Your ignorance of Rockets history is rearing it's ugly head again. Chris Finch is a GREAT coach in his own right. He's not the same as McHale. All he is learning is how to be an NBA level coach not how to be a BASKETBALL coach. But I don't know why I'm wasting my breath. You're obviously here just to argue, moan, and complain. I'm not responding to you anymore, you're too dumb to understand what is happening.
Archbob1::What is a real "conversation". The fact is we're losing games because the coach is a Moron. Yes, Lin's turnovers and Harden shoot 6-24 and always playing ISO isn't helping. But that's partly because McHale has no idea how to use his players. Despite what you may think, McHale is the problem right now and if next coach is learning from him, then he's unlikely to be any better. If we had Phil Jackson, we'd get a higher seed in the playoffs and maybe even win a round or two. This team would progress so much faster under a good coach.  I've read all your drivel and your articles. You NEVER have a actual point pertaining to the actual basketball game. I've watched a lot of Rockets games this season, its obvious that the coach is screwing us over in his subs and decisions. Not only is he not winning, he's not even developing players. All he's doing is pumping up Harden's stats.
Dezagcoog::My point is simple. Stop bombing these boards cause your bit.ching and moaning isn't going to turn McHale into a good coach and isn't going to get Chris Finch ready any faster. Have some dang patience and just wait it out. This is a young team that isn't ready to win anything yet even if we had Phil Jackson as our coach. The endless blasting of our coach isn't going to get Lin more playing time, all it does is annoy all other Rockets fans. If you were trying to have a real conversation great, but all your doing is bombing the board with your whining...I've said that before and I can say it again if you need me to. Also this conversation started WAY before you got here so maybe going back and reading a little would help you not sound like an idiot.
Archbob1::Then you don't have a point at all. You label anyone who doesn't like McHale a LOF. Ridiculous. McHale isn't using Lin right and has him a way too tight of a leash. You don't need to be a Lin fan or even a Rockets fan to see that. He also make horrid subsitutions in the worst times.  What is your point? You don't have one.   Houston not having set plays and why McHale was brought in has nothing to do with anything this season. We're losing games before of these moronic decisions.
Dezagcoog::So I'm obviously not trying to negate it am I? Have you ever done a tiny bit of critical thinking in your life?
Archbob1::You don't ever actually have a point. Your articles don't have anything to do with anything. That McHale isn't here for the long term or that the rockets don't have set plays doesn't negate the fact that McHale is a crappy coach and makes horrid and nonsensicle subsitutions.
Dezagcoog::Archbob1 - So what? Michael Jordan was the best ever, doesn't make him a great GM or Coach.  LOLOL what??? who said that? Did I ever say that MJ was a great GM or Coach? LOL Did I ever say that McHale was a great GM or Coach. Not once. In fact I just recently said I don't even like him. But you're too blinded to read and understand that obviously...
Archbob1::So what? Michael Jordan was the best ever, doesn't make him a great GM or Coach.
Archbob1::You need to be a more credible source than bleacherreport. And wheter McHail's here for the long term of not doesn't matter because he sucks as a coach now. And if he's mentoring the future coach, the future coach is going to suck if he learns from McHail.
Dezagcoog::Ok, so? what does that have to do with this post?
Archbob1::its pretty obvious to anyone who watches the games that he has no idea what he's doing with his substitutions.
Dezagcoog::Did you go to the articles? They are actually from the LA times. If that's not credible enough then I'm not sure what is. You need me to get McHale to come straight to you and explain it?
Dezagcoog::I truly feel bad for you now. You really are never going to see the truth. Once you have made up your mind you won't even read a couple of articles and different opinions to understand what you're talking about. It's sad really.   At least bookmark these articles and try to read them sometime. If you do you'll finally understand that McHale is mostly here just as a transitional coach to give Chris Finch a little NBA sideline time before he moves up into the big chair. If you were a real Rockets fan you would know that. But instead you sit here and bash our team and staff constantly...  http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1344507-is-kevin-mchale-just-a-transitional-coach-for-the-houston-rockets  http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1580615-breaking-down-how-houston-rockets-use-three-offensive-sets-to-torch-opposition
setrue::What I am trouble by is whenever someone is critical of McHale coaching or lack of, or Harden's volume shooting, we are labeled LOF or Non Rockets fans.  Address the issue and stop labeling.
Archbob1::If Adelman were still coaching this team, they'd be at least 5-6 wins better this year. That guy can actually coach.
Archbob1::Making up a BS Stat to try to prove your point isn't going to help you. Rockets didn't win any more with Lowry at point that with Brooks at point.
Dezagcoog::Sorry I'll create an individual defensive stat just so you can understand how defense works. Thankfully your name isn't Daryl Morey and you don't run the Rockets. I'm not sure what is hard to understand about this. I'm just stating what happened. Also Brooks was nowhere near a "veteran" point guard in comparison to Lowry. He had started less than one more year than Lowry had at that point.
Archbob1::Adelman had no reason to switch that year once Brooks came back. Lowry had more potential maybe but even in his best year, his starts weren't any better than Brooks' the year prior. Brooks averaged 19.6 points/5.6 Assists in 09-10 and he was still coming back from ankle injury the season they traded him. You don't switch from a veteran point guard to a unproven one when your trying to get a playoff spot.
Dezagcoog::Which was exactly my point. Morey saw that Lowry had more talent and Sleepy wouldn't give him more playing time. So he finally had to trade him. Proof positive is look who is still a starting PG and who is a third stringer. You're not listening. That's not even the only example. And not that's not the what any coach would have done. Lowry didn't need to put up huge numbers. He is a defensive bulldog.
Archbob1::That's because in 2010-2011 he was doing fine until he sprained his ankle and had to be out for 2 months. They traded him soon afterwards. Houston was still going for a playoff spot at that time and Lowry 09-10 stats weren't impressive so unless brooks was shipped, Adelman was right in playing Brooks. Lowry playing well when brooks went down probably triggered the trade. Its what most any coach would have done. Lowry still got 24 mpg in 09-10 and he didn't put up huge numbers in those minutes.
Dezagcoog::That year? which year? the year of the streak? Obviously I'm talking about when he was traded which was later. I explained how Morey traded Brooks to get Lowry the full time starting position. I'm not sure what is complicated from that post.
Archbob1::Brooks actually did really well that year. Lowry was an unknown with little experience. Wouldn't make sense to play Lowry a lot when Brooks was doing well. Brooks was hot that, so he played them. You don't swap starting PG's when your current one is doing well.
Dezagcoog::LOL he did that 22 wins with T-mac. Just FYI. Also had Yao for the first 11 games.  BUT what I laugh about is that you totally didn't understand what I said. I agree we didn't have talent. I was saying that we had Lowry behind Brooks and Sleepy wouldn't play Lowry. So finally after the problems Morey had to trade brooks so that Sleepy would play Lowry. You basically just agreed and reinforced what I said but you thought you were arguing with me...
Archbob1::What Talent? Rockets didn't have any talent during his term. Yao was always hurt and T-Mac was hurt half the time also. He did play his starting guard the enitrety of games. He also reeled off that 22-game winning streak which is someone McHail can't even dream of doing. They had Lowry and Dragic that last year and he played them when he had them, before Lowry got all pissy.
Dezagcoog::He can coach off the court. His nickname isn't coach sleepy for nothing. He also doesn't EVER play the hot hand. In fact Morey had to trade players away cause Sleepy wouldn't play our younger players with more talent.
Skatingseveneleven::Coach is shabby
sportsfan1014::well said, I believe many people felt the same here..
Dezagcoog::if you want to talk about that sure lets. But if you want to use that point to martyrize Lin then there's nothing to talk about. Your mind is made up and you're going to turn everything around to make everyone evil besides you. I already told you what to look up. I even gave you an article to read. You don't seem to care enough about the truth to do those things. All you are doing is looking to call people Lin Haters. So anything I say or do is useless.
Dezagcoog::Denzel7587...ok dude. You're a dummy and you just proved it. Still didn't read what I said and you acted like I defended the guy...you're so biased and can't even understand what you're reading...
setrue::I detest labels and do not use terms such as "Lin Haters."  I log on from time to time but quite honestly I do not have the time to keep up with what others post prior to my reading of the newest posts.   With this reply I will bid you goodnight.
Denzel7587::The Rockets are on the verge of entering the playoffs not because of McHale but because of Harden, Parsons, Asik, Lin and other players. You say in terms of contribution to the team, Harden, Parsons, Asik, Lin and the best contributors. With good coaching, the Rockets could have secured a playoff berth right now, not fighting from being eliminated.
Dezagcoog::Well don't think for me. I actually don't like McHale. But I'm not going to sit here and bash a coach that is getting us into the playoffs. I don't bite the hand that feeds me.
Denzel7587::I think the reason you're not addressing the issue on the coaching staff is that you see McHale as a genius. If you're a real Rockets fan, call a spade a spade.
Archbob1::I don't really care if your a Lin fan or not, the coaching totally blows and they need to stop playing iso-ball.
Denzel7587::@Archbob1, Be careful with ur words, or else you'll be labeled as an LOF. The coaching staff blows, but it's only the whining of Lin fans according to some Rockets fans who feel like they own the Rockets team. NBA is a global phenomenon so stop telling us, Dezagcoog,  you possess the monopoly to be Rockets fan. We're Lin fans but we're also Rockets fans.
Archbob1::There are plenty of teams like SA that don't play ISO ball. Even MIA transitions the ball well. Its really the coach(McHail) thats drawing up these awful plays. When Harden goes ISO, it stops the rest of the team. He's been having a lot more of these 6-20 games lately because teams have figured out how to shut him down. Beverly's a good backup, but he can't drive and create his own shots.
Archbob1::McHail needs to reign in Harden then when he's chucking up $@%!$@%! shots. That happens too often.
Dezagcoog::We are terrible in the half court. But that is mostly cause we have no post up player. Asik is terrible at posting up and D-Mo is just decent at it. And as the article points out that iso play was run by the players on the court not by McHale. Of course he has some blame there but that is not fully his fault. IF Harden isn't feeling his teammates then he goes into that set. OR if they are over trusting Harden, they give him space. They're young and have barely played together. It's a learning process. Miami didn't win their first year together either, and those guys are 3 future HOF.
Archbob1::Transition was the wrong term. They would just have better ball movement on their normals sets. They wouldn't just ISO Harden. McHail is to blame for the large amount of ISO plays they run for Harden when it obviously isn't work. It stops the offense dead in the water.
Dezagcoog::MORE transition offense??? Seriously?   http://www.teamrankings.com/nba/stat/fastbreak-points-per-game  only team with more is Denver and they run the same system we do but it's much more polished and practiced.
Dezagcoog::http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1580615-breaking-down-how-houston-rockets-use-three-offensive-sets-to-torch-opposition  Read that. No specific plays get drawn. There are only a few sets that are agreed upon and the players free flow around those.
Archbob1::Obviously this free-flowing basketball system often turns into "feed Harden Iso plays every time" too often. McHail draws up the schemes and the game plan, the Harden ISO is definately part of it. You don't free flow into fail offenses like that. If it were really free-flow, you'd get much more transition offense.
Dezagcoog::ACTUALLY if you read any articles about the Rox you will see that they do not draw plays. They have no set plays. It's a free flowing basketball system that he has implemented. I'm not defending it, just telling you how it works.
Dezagcoog::iso ball is Stern's fault. He's created a generation of iso basketball players since he has been trying to create the next MJ by changing all the rules to favor guards. But I agree I hate iso ball.
Dezagcoog::That might be true. BUT nonetheless after Jordan Stern wanted to emphasize the guard positions and has subsequently destroyed the C position. Why do you think there are no true centers in the league today. The "best" center out there is actually a Power Forward. Howard is a 6'10" "center." That's the perfect size for a PF not a C. Additionally he is VERY athletic. Typical of a PF not really a C. etc. etc.
Skatingseveneleven::But MJ is not indeed an ISO player ! If you'd ever seen his play ,you will know MJ was always trying to avoid excessive possession of ball and limit to 5 seconds per attack. How much time did Kobe or Harden waste especially Harden as a SG ?
Dezagcoog::That is TOTALLY what I said.....jeez.
Denzel7587::You're saying now that allowing Harden to play iso even when he sucked is Stern's fault now?
Dezagcoog::The problem is that none of you LOF understand what is truly happening cause you're not Rockets fans. You don't know the staff. You don't know what happened before this year. If you did then you'd know that McHale is being given a chance but he was brought in here as a temporary fix. Maybe if you looked up Chris Finch you might learn about what has been going on during the past few years in our system....
Archbob1::He hasn't done anything good for the rockets. He just sucks up to the owners, thats why he's here. His substitutions make 0 sense.
AY410::guys, take it easy. Reminds me of losing in any team game. everyone always starts bashing each other. So Denzel only came to the rockets to watch Lin, big deal.  Its obvious he will defend Lin if Mchale isnt giving him enough respect/trust. Tonight was one of those games where Jeremy could have probably helped out more, but McHale choose not to go with him. This can only be considered 1 mistake out of many many good things hes done to get this team to where it is. It is however, the 1 mistake unforgivable to Lin fans and for that he is a 'bad coach'. Hes not a bad coach...He just likes to bench lin when hes playing poor, and for whatever reason keeps him there what could be considered too long. Its obvious he resents the attention that Lin gets like a lot of long time rocket fans
Dezagcoog::You still haven't answered any of my questions. Very simple ones.   If Lin leaves tomorrow for another team would you ever buy another rockets jersey in your life? Did you ever come on this board before Lin signed with the Rockets? Do you know ANYTHING of the history of the Rockets besides the most basic stuff? Again the resounding answer to all those is No. But I welcome an answer to each of those questions from you.
Denzel7587::It depends on how the Rockets coaching staff, players, and fans treat Lin. If he's disrespected like the present, why would i buy a Rockets jersey in the future.
Denzel7587::It's Lin's team now. I'm not saying that it is his team in the Harden-sense of superstar-oriented basketball like Knicks is Melo's team or Lakers is Kobe's team. It's the team where he plays. Why are you twisting facts. You're pitiful.
Dezagcoog::Well mean what you say and say what you mean. I didn't twist any words. What you said is exactly that. What you meant to say is that it is the team to which Lin belongs.
Dezagcoog::AND since you can't be bothered to look it up even after I told you what to look up and made it easy for you, I'll have to make it even EASIER for you. Bleacher report is a BS site but this is a simple article explaining things easily and quickly.  http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1344507-is-kevin-mchale-just-a-transitional-coach-for-the-houston-rockets
Denzel7587::You resort to name calling and bash Lin fans at every opportunity yet you claim not to hate Lin. You're really a hypocrite!
Dezagcoog::YOU ARE NOT LIN!!! dude you're psycho. how is it proof that I hate lin if I bash you? If I bash you then I hate YOU. If i bash Lin then I hate LIN. I mean are you really this dumb?
Denzel7587::I hate LOF label because I'm also a fan of Rockets. Many of us Lin fans are Rockets fans now. Since you sound to be the enlightened guru of Rockets basketball, explain to us why disrespecting Lin this way helps the Rockets in any way? It's a pointless to talk about the past when its irrelevant to the discourse of why Lin is being misused and disrespected by the coaching staff. Like you, we want the Rockets to win because it's Lin's team now. You fail to see the failures of the present and becloud the issue by bringing up the past.
Dezagcoog::really are you a Rockets fan? If Lin leaves tomorrow for another team would you ever buy another rockets jersey in your life? Did you ever come on this board before Lin signed with the Rockets? Do you know ANYTHING of the history of the Rockets besides the most basic stuff? Again the resounding answer to all those is No. But I welcome an answer to each of those questions from you.   OH and this is NOT Lin's team now. If it's anyone's team(and I hate saying something like that cause I believe in TEAM basketball, it's Harden's team).
setrue::What the hack are you saying?  Stop name calling.  Bad coaching is Bad coaching. Read my post below.
Dezagcoog::Oh wait I forgot you're not a Rockets fan so you don't know any of the real recent history of this team. Also please tell me what name I called you?
Dezagcoog::Did I argue that? What am I talking about. Well it's simple. I can repost the original stuff or you could just actually read it. It's very clear.
setrue::It is obvious that McHale does not value Jeremy Lin as a PG to run his "offense."   He prefers playing Beverly so he can facilitate feeding Harden for iso ball.  It is unfortunate for Rockets fans as we prefer Lin who facilitates ball movement, fast breaks, and easily baskets.   This is when Rockets are at their best and winning by comfortable margins.  Despite all evidence that hero ball will not get you far in playoffs, McHale does not have a pair of _alls to reign in Harden to play team ball.
Denzel7587::well said
Ismael0627::They're showing the highlight on NBA gametime ALOT....Rockets Offense vs Pacers defense. Pacers have shown all McHale's flaws
Ismael0627::Sad thing here is that The Rockets Offense has been exposed thanks to Mcfail and Harden has now become the posterboy for ballhog. =( Harden likes to pass, but he's been forced to usurp the PG position tonight.
Denzel7587::McHale has no balls. Since it's a fact that he hates Lin, he should bench Lin for entire games. Lin fans, we predicted that McHale will bench Lin even if he's on fire in terms of assists, his main job (3 assists in 2 minutes of play in the 3rd quarter). We also predicted that he'll bring Lin back in the dying minutes of the game that is already a loss. Grow some balls, McHale. Bench Lin for entire games. You're misusing him, disrespecting him, benching him when he's playing hot. At least grow some balls. Don't let him play for the succeeding games. Lin needs to rest from the sick game you play.
Stockton and Jeremy::Don't be stupid. Lin Fans know much better than you.
Dezagcoog::Why do you care so much about Lin's honor? Why does it bug you so much that he is being "disrespected"?
Dezagcoog::I guess you're not going to answer the questions....
Dezagcoog::You're not a Rockets fan. You don't care about them at all. If Lin leaves tomorrow for another team would you ever buy another rockets jersey in your life? Did you ever come on this board before Lin signed with the Rockets? Do you know ANYTHING of the history of the Rockets besides the most basic stuff. Answers to all those questions is a resounding NO.
Denzel7587::And why don't you, stupid $@%!? I'm a fan of Lin and I'm also a fan of Rockets. McHale's disrespect of Lin has not only ruined Lin's confidence, but has cost Rockets several games. If you can't see that, then you're dumber than dumb.
eenz3::I like you as a Rocket Harden but don't turn into Kobe.
Denzel7587::Kobe deserves to play like Kobe. He has won several championships. Harden is still unproven. McHale's stupid for treating Harden like Kobe. Shooting poorly but still in the game.
kenzou89::Houston turning to lakers/knicks...melo Kobe iso game..sack mcfail!
kenzou89::All and all I think the coaching staffs were to be blame..
kenzou89::If he's hot then it's ok for him going iso..but he wasn't today and the team failed to make game time changes..
Dezagcoog::Maybe you should blame Stern for changing rules like the semi circle and time in the paint. He's changed the rules in favor of SG/PG iso play.
Denzel7587::Star-oriented basketball. Boring isos, ballhogging, shooting 6-24 and the star keeps playing. Boring. Boring. Boring.
Denzel7587::The funny thing for some Lin haters, Lin fan haters is that they see McHale's coaching decisions in this game as a work of a genius.
Dezagcooog::McHale to Harden:  "James, you're shooting 6 for 24.  That's OK.  You just have to shoot more."
Denzel7587::Read your own posts, stupid $@%!. You're too preoccupied with bashing Lin fans, but too blind what's going on in Rockets.
Dezagcoog::WHAT?!?!?! read my own posts for what??? So if I can't stand you then I hate lin? YOU ARENT LIN! Why is that so hard for you to understand?
Denzel7587::@Dezagcoog, cold finger on my question. You're just a Lin hater, man.
Dezagcoog::Also cause I don't answer the question of a guy who is accusing me of random stuff and is trying to trap me, I am automatically a Lin hater? So just to get this straight, if I don't do what YOU want me to I hate Jeremy Lin? Obsessed much? If I had gone off saying a bunch of bad stuff about Lin then you would be making at least a little sense. But you have no proof of that.
Dezagcoog::cold finger on your question? what does that mean?
Denzel7587::@Dezagcoog, you're fun of the word "dumb." You often use it to bash us Lin fans. Come, you say you're brighter than us, what can you say about McHale's coaching decisions today? Never heard anything from you on this.
Dezagcoog::I did? you keep saying I do things that I don't. I don't call all Lin fans dumb. Just you. I also never spread hate of Lin like you claimed I did earlier. You just keep making these things up to justify your hatred....
Denzel7587::@Dezagcooog, I like your posts, bro. Keep it up!
Skatingseveneleven::Dezagcoog - YEAH!! I love having an obsessed fan too! It makes me feel like Jeremy Lin!  LOH obvious ...
Dezagcoog::YEAH!! I love having an obsessed fan too! It makes me feel like Jeremy Lin!
Denzel7587::Maybe, i"m dumb. But i'm sure you're dumber.
Dezagcoog::yeah? Well at least I can figure out that Dezagcooog is the same guy who comes in here with like 1000 different names to rile you LOF up. 90% of the guys in here who come and go to rile you up are this guy. But you're so dumb you haven't figured that out after months of him doing it to you. Also you couldn't figure out that a response to the main post was not a response to you. I think you might be too dumb to even know what dumb means...i'm so sorry for  you. Really, my condolences.
Denzel7587::So now you admit that you're Dezagcooog also? You're funny.
Dezagcoog::I'm sorry you're so dumb... I wish I could help you with that.
Dezagcoog::look my stalker is here! I'm almost at jeremy Lin's level. I have a few obsessed fans!
Dezagcoog::well actually stupid you cause I wasn't talking to or about you. I was talking about Dezagcooog.   I know you have a giant ego but not everything is about you.
Denzel7587::I responded to this post, not your post. You're the one stalking me this time. Hahaha. Stupid you
Denzel7587::McHale: It's OK. Just compensate it with assists so I can still look like a genius playing you when your shooting really sucks.
Dezagcoog::proof of LOF psychoness.  http://jeremylintelligence.wordpress.com/tag/mcfail/
Denzel7587::"Psychoness"??? What word is this? Funny thing is the blog is so creepy in its accuracy.
Dezagcoog::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA you're being the English police on me?! wow classic. Yeah i felt like inventing a word instead of saying psychosis. Did that bug you so much cause you've written every sentence perfectly on these boards. Can you say hypocrite?
Denzel7587::The greatest Lin hater of all strikes again.
Dezagcoog::Again show me proof that I hate Lin. Biggest LOF liar of all strikes again!
setrue::LOL, it proves just the opposite.  It illustrates McFail's poor feel of player substitutions and game management.  Under McFail, would Lin ever have an opportunity to stay in the game long enough to shoot 6 - 24?
