Ethan Colburn::Wow, are we in a parallel universe or something? The "Blazers run their win streak to 12"? C'mon ESPN.
John Sonksen::right? maybe they should pay someone to go check some stats
Dave Joacksom::So 12th man like...Dumb and all most likely
James Davies::How many times will you see a +45? Nice job Aldridge.
Trevor Hennington::Holy freakin crap, almost 74% from 3 point land.  Portland is legit.
Brandon Tigues::yeah..people have been waiting for them to come back down to earth like the suns and sixers but this seems legit
Landon Riggins::This won't last the way it is, anybody that's played basketball knows you can't shoot like this forever but they're definitely getting their money's worth
Matthan Schrock::Landon Riggins ... actually the blazers are in the middle of the league for shooting percentage. They have 12 wins while shooting under 45%. They beat OKC only attempting 9 3's. They are winning LOTS of different ways.
Ethan Colburn::Utahahahahahaha
Dave Corrigan::Go Blazers!
Cody Worrell::Anyone think its safe to say that these blazers are for real now? They have a hell of a starting 5 and a stout bench, Allen Crabbe and CJ McCollum have both yet to play and they were both highly touted in last years draft...this blazers team has the chance to be very respectable for a long time...feels good doesn't it?
Cameron Henderson::Only if they can stay healthy, and having our draft pick come out the gates early is going to leave a lot of comparison to Greg Oden.
Ryan Strebel::No doubt that Portland is good, but you'll never know how good until they get in a playoff series and they're down a game or two!
Seth Saathoff::They are for real and a title contender in my opinion. They are a matchup nightmare for my Spurs because of Aldridge. I'm still not sold on their bench, as I don't see a ton there except for Mo, but the starting 5 is more than capable of logging 38+ minutes a game during the playoffs. They are in it. They have to stay healthy and fight for home court.
Michael Soot::Lillard is pissed he hasn't shot well. I expect he'll take out his frustrations on Burke. Trey is a good player, but Lillard is gonna rip him up tonight
Jacob Call::Surprisingly, Trey plays decent defense for how small he is. Needless to say, I still think your prediction is fairly accurate.
Jacob Stevens::Nice win Blazers! Keep it rolling tomorrow night vs Dallas!!
Roderick Marshall::I have to say sorry to utah for their upcoming losses to the blazers on friday and monday.  Go Blazers!!
Colby Black::I really hope the actual players have simply written off Utah as an auto-win like you have. The Jazz just ran with Indiana for arguably 3-quarters of a game. Should the Blazers win, yeah. Will they win if they fail to show up and assume they're just going to wipe the floor with Utah? abosolutely not.
Paul Mantz::I am not too worried, I really enjoy Matthews and lillard, from Weber State.  I am a Jazz fan first, but I like seeing those two have success.
Don Layton::Paul Mantz Personally I always pull for the small market teams - SAS, Utah, Portland, etc. Love to see them all do well. It's the David/Goliath thing for me.
John Luttrell::17 of 23 from three point land?? Are you kidding me?? That's tough to do even against a college team like the Jazz! Red hot and rolling !!
Chelo Mejias::It's going to be hilarious when portland comes back down to earth...and all their "fans" will be soooo disappointed
Don Layton::Chelo Mejias Yeah, I know what you mean. It's going to be sooooooo funny in 30 years when they start losing again. The fans will be soooo disappointed. Meanwhile, don't do anything rash like jumping off a bridge or anything.
Landon Riggins::Chelo Mejias at least we'll have a 20 game cushion
Jonah Swidan::As a Pacers fan I respect this Blazers team, I'm still a little ticked they blew it in the 4th, but this Blazers team is better than I thought.
Matthan Schrock::Thanks for the nob. Classy. Good luck to your Pacers. Love your team too.
Jonah Swidan::Matthan Schrock Thanks, These two in the finals would be an epic small market showdown
Matthan Schrock::Jonah Swidan ... can we please!
Dustin Stovall::I respect Utah and it's fan base, so many great games with stockton malone vs drexler and co. Back in the day.
Ryan Strebel::Yes sir, yes sir!  Like wise to Portland.
Nate Hammond::Like they say, haters gonna hate, trolls gonna hide. blazers for real!
Rhys Williams::Nice win Rip City! Just saying, but I see why Meyers gets no time.
Don Layton::Be patient. He has all the tools - just needs to get it figured out. Big men take longer to develop. Give him time. We don't need him right now anyway.
MiQuel Carniel::This should of been ruled a no contest
Fred M. King::No....we need these blowouts once in a while so my ticker stays in rhythm.  It was getting harder & harder to restart after having all those buzzer beaters & comebacks.
Landon Riggins::Fred M. King lmao
Ian Swanson::Fred M. King LOL!
Don Gilman::That was a whooping!
Michael Phillips::12th win a row eh? Come on man!!!! I wonder if Amin Elhassan  is still sticking by his Portland is barely an eighth seed in the Westhttp://espn.go.com/blog/truehoop/post/_/id/64416/middling-portland prediction?
Morgan Grimmett::Um that wasnt there 12th win in a row????
Michael Phillips::Morgan, the original article stated it was Portland's 12th win in a row. They edited it after my post lol
Buddy Dooley::What an ugly display of fourth quarter basketball.  Portland's end-of-bench millionaires looked bush-league.  Hey guys!  You missed your opportunity to impress anybody else in the league who might be interested in your game.
John Sonksen::guess that's why they're the deep bench guys
John Luttrell::How could they have impressed you?
Meron Foto::This is getting outta control...... put the bench already. lol
Landon Riggins::17 for 23 from 3.. Yeah, shoot ya lights out
Semia Alis Love::Blazers have played good teams i admit. However they played Houston(loss) Okc, San Antonio, and the Pacers @ Home. And next they have Dallas @ home. Another decent team. Jan portland have San Antonio, Hou, Dal, and Okc, Denver, Memphis, and Minnesota. I dnt think they'll go over .500
Steven Worsley::If they split the entirety of their games from hereon out, they would end the season at 48-34. After last year, I'd take that. Do I think it will end up like that? Perhaps. Perhaps not. It depends on how torrid their shooting stays. They are making teams play their game; they start from the outside, spread the floor, work it back in, and, when the defense starts collapsing, they kick it back out to the sharpshooters for wide open looks.  We're a quarter of the way into the season, it's not like teams don't know what to expect by this point. On top of that, they get McCollum back around the Jan/Feb mark. A little more development from the defense (which is considerably better than last year), and things could get scary.
King Santos::It's good you don't work for the nba and just a causal fan who makes predictions.
Don Layton::It's always something, right? First, the Blazers were supposed to get off to a slow start while all the new players got acclimated. Then it was that they couldn't beat the good teams. Then it was all the road games. Then it was that they couldn't beat the top teams in the WC. Now it's that they can't beat SAS and Miami consistently on the road? What next? They must really be bad because they can't go through an entire season undefeated?
Josh Randall::I'd agree, or trade em. Teams will give up something decent just for potential. Which is ridic but I wouldnt mind.
Eric Witt::Obviously every team in the NBA is a threat, but I'm hoping the Blazers can distance themselves from the Jazz early and cruise to victory. Another tough game Saturday against a potential playoff team in Dallas. Some rest would be ideal.
Cody Palmer::I expect the Blazers to win this game. They've been playing great, rebounding well, and creating turnovers.
Paul Lee::I mean, other than just flat out being the best team in the NBA, sure.
Chelo Mejias::Paul Lee   Indiana Pacers would beg to differ
Paul Lee::Chelo Mejias Sure, but didn't they just lose to the Blazers? Um, yeah.
Tyler Bird::How long can the jazz suffer through Kanters atrocious play
