Lukedogg45::Mike scott straight baller
Dengue-Fever::Wow..even the pollsters in NY have my Heat winning it all again...not lot of faith on them Knicks..from the NY fans
hototay168::It's time for the KNICKS to shine.
Bob7682::Any idea who will be on Knicks playoff roster?
jkub5::pretty much everyone who didn't play last night
Donnie Walsh::I guess Cope becomes the high volume Shooter when Melo is out  !!! So instead of Kurt &amp; Sheed - we march into the Playoffs with Barron &amp; Q Rich ? Woody should be horsewhipped ! At least he was forced top pick up K Mart! The Good News is they are at least 35 yrs of age &amp; under !!!
Noondog112378::they should lower the team salary cap to like $10M
Im David Stern oy vey::<b>I let the Knicks and the Lakers get a lot farther this season than anyone expected. You're welcome.<b></b></b>
jkub5::lakers were favorite to win it all before the season started bruh. Only fools were doubting the Knicks
gmish504::Quentin's back baby!!
The Gambler is back::He shot a really high percentage
ApookTheDestroyer::ugh
Bald Man at 22::damn atlanta is trash
jkub5::they legit threw the game
DavidA11429::<b> #BeatTheCeltics </b>
Rick Grimes..::how come chris copeland didn't show up in the top performers section?.
jkub5::it was a d-league game. no top performers were found
robgarnsey::I couldn't be prouder of the Knicks! I remember when they were a powerhouse team and the only thing that stopped them from winning it all was Jordan's Bulls and Duncan's Spurs. Now Happy Days are here again!The boys are in a good spot right now and I expect a deep run into the playoffs for them. I think the way they have played down the stretch that they will be a scarry opponent for anybody. Of course the deciding factor will be how they handle the pressure of playing in the playoffs. Unlike last season where they were a team trying to find their identity that managed to slide into the playoffs, they will have to cope with the expectations that comes with being a high seed. But I'm confident Melo and company will rise to the occasion and make Pat Ewing proud!
february1088::I'm sorry but Knicks are far from those glory days. They have a good record because they're in a really crappy eastern conference. Miami will 4-1 them. OKC will sweep them. Even the Bulls without Rose will dismantle Knicks in playoffs.
jetzyy::Don't forget's Hakeem's Rockets
Dr. Pwnage.::Heat in 5 Knicks in 4 Pacers in 6 Bulls in 6  Thund in 6 Spurs in 6 Warriors in 5 Grizz in 7
LifeInInfrared::Warriors over the Nuggets? You're crazy.
LifeInInfrared::Well maybe not. Faried did get injured, not sure how long he's out for.
Dr. Pwnage.::What's the injury story with NY?
jkub5::a lot
Area.Code.404.ATL::@MikeWellsNBA  The Pacers have lost 11 straight games to the Hawks in Atlanta   lmao
Haterz_R_Hilari0us::Sad thing about this is the Pacers have home court advantage and doesn't have to win in Atlanta to take the series!!
SupaSophomore::The hawks will lose in 5
Area.Code.404.ATL::Pacers have beat the Hawks about 4 times in the last 11 or 12 games, now they are supposed to beat us 4 times in 5 games. I doubt.
malkit32::sorry knicks fan
malkit32::OKC in 5... Lakers in 7... Nuggets in 6... Griz in 7.. Miami in 4.. Celtics in 7.. Indiana in 6.. and Chicago 7
Mighty KNICKS of New York::KnicksTape!
xstevox93::hey knicks fans..a nuggets fan here...just a quick tid bit of info for you guys..out of the top 5 picks in the 2003 draft ..only one player has NOT played in a championship game..can ANYONE tell me who this poor guy is???? and ill give you a hint ..its not Darko Milicic....HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
onlyavoice57::LOL, Nugget Fan Trashing Knicks Fans Knicks Fans Can't Back Melo  So They Bash Lebron
dmdpro::thats because 3 of them are on the same team
Laoboyfresh::I know,it's the most selfish and over rated player in the league.he only made it past a round 1 once and got swept three times..
t casey::Can't be THE most overrated in history. T Mac never made it out once.
jetzyy::&amp; When the Heat lose again this year in the finals. Lebron will be a mighty 1 for 4 in NBA final appearances himself. At least better than Melo though right?
kings of the city::Wtf does that have to do with the present?
Mighty KNICKS of New York::Nuggets all time accomplishments 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
LifeInInfrared::Wow, what a waste of text.
angelgr89::Cant wait to watch the Knicks play Boston!
truetopia::did Danny Ferry not know what he was getting into??  maybe he does, and he will let Smith walk, plus Drew. Drew is nice but not a head coach. Smith is a baby/whiner; if he played with the heart and hustle of Horford then he'd easily be an all-star.   he doesn't get back down the court half the time, and lags around half the game at least, taking dumb shots and not utilizing his strengths. and Drew didn't stop him
truetopia::ok, if they do keep Smith someone has to be there to demand efficiency/IQ from him. and if he won't accept a reasonable salary, then yes let him walk
w1zzk1dd::Nobody is signing Smith for a max deal so he can try to explore free agency all he likes, everyone is aware of his dumb jump shooting tendencies.
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>Heat in 4 Heat in 5 Heat in 5 Heat in 5  Repeat Champs! BANK IT!</b>
kings of the city::Champs in a condensed season. Enjoy it cause this ain't your yr.
garnolfini::4 or 5 years?
lews 2066::Pacers are like the Spurs of the East, limping into the playoffs. Anybody would wan to play em right now
Nayrock10::Be careful Heat fans cuz what if LJ get hurt  then what?
onlyavoice57::What If Melo Does The Same Better Yet, What If Melo Is Melo Come Post Season (Ball Hog, Hero Ball)
Nayrock10::Lmao you guys have nothing better to do tonight but come on here and talk mess about the Knicks ,get a life really.
WVMounties3::Knicks have a shot at winning it all. Doesn't mean they are going to win. Same goes for the heat.
inityminiwur::I'm telling y'all. Knicks will win it all.
truetopia::to win you need 2 solid true bigs..  they have half of one with Chandler, since he is not an offensive threat
ApookTheDestroyer::One more than Miami. It means nothing.
Thetimpanikid16::the lack of knowledge in this post is incredible....
lews 2066::...And then you woke up!
Mets-Jets-Knicks19::<b>Playoffs!!!</b>
benicfx::wikipedia for you ???
benicfx::Heat are 37-2 in their last 39 games. WOW
kings of the city::And?
fredquero::knicks and bulls
Haterz_R_Hilari0us::Wonder who their  two loses came from?!
WVMounties3::Uh oh they lost 2 games. I thought they were invincible.
azzyfbaby::Knicks are GOAT
WVMounties3::Why was there a season this year? Since it is impossible for the heat to lose.
Wades Wheelchair service::wow what losers lmaoooo
WVMounties3::How nice of the nba
WVMounties3::My dad came from New York and got me into bball and the knicks at an early age. I took it from there.
Wades Wheelchair service::how are you a knicks fan?
benicfx::they made it for the knicks fans, they need hope and cute stats....
m0neym0::did prigs injury look bad?? i didn't see it
LifeInInfrared::No, not really.
m0neym0::both qrich and dstevenson 1-11 smh
RNYC_125::Melo NY thanks you for restoring the Knicks
knicks_112ndcoming::THATS ALL HE WILL GET CUZ OF HIS PAST --  haters
dgreen978::Now we need Miami to be eliminated
pdiddy0622::Like I said, true fan.
pdiddy0622::I like ur desperate optimism. True fan. Good luck.
dgreen978::Miami with or without lebron...I hate Miami
nyknicks4thewin::gonna go to sleep knick fans. go ny! as for you heat "fans" as you call yourselves---&gt;http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk6DAZ5LqaU
pdiddy0622::Thought this loser would never leave. As delusional as they get!
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>Knicks will be ELIMINATED in T-Minus 10 days and counting! BANK IT!</b>
pdiddy0622::You seem to be knowledgeable, I am banking on it!
kings of the city::A couple of butt-buddies... get a room.
dgreen978::here is how Atlanta can drum up interest which is also hate...just win in the playoffs.  The series with the Pacers should be even and Atlanta has a shot to win the series and then it is on to New York who I know they can beat 4 times in a 7 game series.  If Atlanta beat New York which is highly unlikely in today's NBA there will be a lot of people $@%! and that my friend would be priceless because it will not be Miami vs New York providing that they get past Boston.
Jdan524g::atlanta could beat anyone (except the heat) if they shoot well, but what scares me is the whole 7 game series thing... it would be a shock if atlanta moves on at all, but id be happy with it
Diggin-Tyler::Atlanta just runs thru the Pacers Huh? Any Unicorns in this fairytale?
Diggin-Tyler::Maybe you should ask yourself that question.
dgreen978::what are you reading, I said I know they can win 4 times out of 7 but if Atlanta beats New York which is highly unlikely in today's NBA....what are you talking about?????
Area55andG2::I'm going through these threads like you lol
moffman93::THIS IS OUR YEAR!! (at least until we lose to the heat)
Marcus55341::pretty sure you dont even watch knick games
w1zzk1dd::NBATV fan night airs terrible games lol. If you ever seen the commercial notices the kid picks the Wolves and Hawks.
pdiddy0622::Attention Attention This board, and every board, belongs to the Heat fans and all their followers. We own the league, therefore own you. We come and go as we see fit. Seeing how delusional knick fans are, it is our duty to warn you guys of your pathetic playoffs chances. That is all.
kings of the city::They have no fans.
matthollabak1::after next season you will be able to buy all the Heat gear you want at Goodwill..
benicfx::WHAT DO YOU OWN, KNICKS FANS ??? TELL US ....
nyknicks4thewin::a fanbase past 2010
nyknicks4thewin::1 championship in a shortened season means u own the nba.... mj must be laughing somewhere
benicfx::16 WINS IN PLAYOFFS. ENOUGH SAID.. GO TO THE CORNER KID...
nyknicks4thewin::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk6DAZ5LqaU
Crush_em_all27::heat fans are so pathetic lol
nyknicks4thewin::* heat fans means bandwagoners or trolls with no purpose.
LABEL ME A GEORGIA BOY::Hawks Vs. Pacers  no superstars, 25th and 26th in attendance  our games are going to be on NBA TV
w1zzk1dd::Hawks games are boring I remembered when Melo dropped 41 they chanted MVP in Atlanta
knicks_112ndcoming::damn NBA tv...   tahts sad
nyknicks4thewin::nba tv is kind of boring. all they do is gametime and then replay some games in the 80's
benicfx::HEAT HAS THE BEST BENCH GOING TO THE PLAYOFFS...  OOOPPSS, DO KNICKS FANS NEED A DEFINITION OF PLAYOFFS.  LET ME KNOW I WILL HELP YOU...
nyknicks4thewin::lol i wouldn't trust you giving anyone a definition on grammar
pdiddy0622::Definition of playoffs, not grammar. Try to keep up, will ya?
pdiddy0622::Cyrus1366 - Do Knick fans understand the Bulls steamrolled their team season?    Not once...  Not twice...  Not three times....    ;)
nyknicks4thewin::lol sad that you have to talk about the bulls instead of your precious heat
MudrunnerVA4::Bulls will face the Heat before the Knicks though.
nyknicks4thewin::try to keep up, will ya?
pdiddy0622::Knicks keep bringing up reg season record vs the Heat, I thought it was relevant.  I do see your point, though.
Nayrock10::Heat fans you are welcome to stay,I understand you don't have anything else better to do lol so stay losers
HEAT1983305::we dont need permission from a trolling Knicks fan
matthollabak1::HAHA a heat fan in a Knick chat talking about trolling
nyknicks4thewin::how are we trolling? lol u dont even know what it means.
MudrunnerVA4::Thanks for your permission.
WVMounties3::Americans &gt; Cubans
WVMounties3::I'm not dissing Americans. Which can be any race, due to America being a huge melting pot. Also incest marriage is illegal in all 50 states.
pdiddy0622::NY has a huge Cuban population, not sure who u trying to diss...?
MudrunnerVA4::Regular marriage &gt; Incest.
nyknicks4thewin::lol
cha cha cha chia...::Two irrelevant teams in the east. lol
MudrunnerVA4::The Heat are kind of in their own conference. Two BIG for the East or West.
w1zzk1dd::Then why aren't they 82-0?
