pioms::Blake is a big man. He's a PF... he's suppose to be dunking and rebounding. He's not suppose to be a good shooter.
Soonerhopeful1::Blake Griffin is a Huge big man with big big hands..He runs and jumps like a deer, on a 260 lb frame.     The League has never seen an athletic player with this size and speed before..   If Griffin stays injury free, his  total  dominance is assured...!
LAC fan::Stop hating about blake griffens free throw shooting, and that all he can do is dunk. Whats so wrong with that, he is shooting +.500 on the season.If they are not going to step in why not dunk it. Gets the crowd into it. He can score,rebound, assist, and play post. Shaq will always be the worst free throw shooter.
proxie::I blame the coaching staff on this one. They should force him to practice, during practice. Coaching staffs have worked with players before - they worked on Shaq to improve his free throwing. Is it a liability, absolutley. Towards the end of the game, if Blake has the ball I'm fouling immediately.
CandySparker::Hawks Lotta Love!
wlvol2::Wonder if he'll be Kia's official speaker next year:" Kia, not your average car...Blake NOT your average foul shooter"!!
wlvol2::TWO air ball free throws?  glad this guy can dunk because he sucks past 3 feet.
Mom_said_no_messageboard_until_Hw_is_done::I am seriously up for trading Blake Griffin + someone else/draft picks for D. Howard.  Blake's Airball FT was the icing on the cake tonight.  Don't get me wrong he is a good kid with a good heart but it seems like he has regressed a bit this season.  His FT shooting is a legitimate liability come playoff time and his whining to the officials (which was non-existant/minimal last season) is annoying.  I am sure he will develop into a better well rounded player but you can't pass of Howard.  Blake helped get this Franchise back on its feet but business is business.
crondito::Ya definitely trade him!  I hate when an incredibly gifted second year player regresses to 21-11-3 with 55% fg! He obviously is not gonna pan out, do you think we could get Kwame Brown for him?
cuckercrazy::howard asking for nash if he's gonna stay... could be lethal.. rest of the league better watch out for orlando http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
wlvol2::Howard is the LAST person needing to ask if someone will stay.  This puss is on par with Melo for the truth.
crawnjc1982::still not good enough to win the title.
VT-Engineer::Blake air balling a FT is a spit in the face to the thousands of basketball players from college that never get a second of NBA time because they don't dunk on others or aren't 'big enough'.  It makes me sick everytime I watch him play now.  At least Shawn Kemp could make FT's.  Blake is WORTHLESS!  :)
crawnjc1982::all this talking yet you would still take him on your team if given the chance......dont lie.
Rewind_that::SHUT UP FA GGOT,  change the disc
VT-Engineer::Your insult should go to your reflection with such a stupid screen name.  :)
16BannersInStaplesCenter::Finally, the Clippers defend Staples Center smh
crawnjc1982::lakers road record again this season?
Rewind_that::Hawks has no character
VT-Engineer::The odds are better that Blake airballs a free throw than swishes one completely (no rim touch).  What a worthless jump shooter  ;)
323BrownPride::he's developing a jumper...its only his second year bro, give him some time
crondito::Ya they said the same thing about Shaq, and he turned out to be a horrible player, only a first ballot HOFer and one of the greatest centers of all time
crawnjc1982::its more of a spit in the face to the guys who cant defend him dunking on them to be honest. he's young and he can only get better, you act like he's been in 10 plus years and still cant shoot.
VT-Engineer::Him air balling a free throw is like you not knowing how to add 2+2 or whatever it is you do as a job.  It is pathetic and an embarrassment and a spit in the face to the thousands of elite basketball players that were never given a chance just because they don't dunk on other or aren't tall enough.  :)
crawnjc1982::he was still ripping on people man, is that the only reason you hate on him? he's still avg. 21 per game and youre still looking for excuses to hate on him, too funny.
VT-Engineer::They said the same about Shaq.  He never knew how to shoot a basketball either.  At best he learned how to push it in the air.  :)
crawnjc1982::and just think, he can only get better even if his jump shot is off this early in his career.
DBeezy313z::But it works. It's helping win games and that's what really matters.
VT-Engineer::I doubt it.  He has no clue of how to actually shoot a basketball.  He probably did nothing but dunk and layups since high school.  What a loser.  :)
323BrownPride::pts*
323BrownPride::can't shoot yet averages over 20 its a game...why can't ppl stop him??
crawnjc1982::amare is still good. he just cant get the ball with "get outta my way" carmelo anthony as a teammate.
VT-Engineer::Did you not see him when he was in the Sun between 2006-2008.  He was unstoppable.  :)
crawnjc1982::amare still dunks on fools, do you watch any nba games or are you just trolling?
VT-Engineer::When he can't dunk on people anymore, he will turn into Amare Stoudamire.  :)
spektical11::griffen... how did u get starting nod over love in the asg... smh
323BrownPride::yah cuz if it was about play then Monta Ellis would have been there this year
crawnjc1982::cause love is good but real boring to watch when you compare the two, its a popularity contest man.
crawnjc1982::check out mr worthless stats man
VT-Engineer::Love has never airballed a FT in his entire career yet Blake has done it at least 10 times this season alone.  :)
VT-Engineer::I think that is now 10   10 FT's Blake the Loser Griffin airballs this season alone?  ;)
pasheffi788::missed my over by 7, damn
pasheffi788::57 in the first quarter and they dont cover 184.5, that hurts
jbfreeman62::Hawks finally get to go home and start a stretch of games against cellar teams... better make a move now
Strong Troll Orthenthald::Wow Josh Smith has worked Blake Griffin in the paint
nhlsharkfan08::Clippers suck. Great game Blake. Ovvveerrraatttteedd!
crawnjc1982::go back to watching wack a$$ hockey.
jbfreeman62::I wish the Hawks management would blow this team up and restart... they don't have on single effort player on their team except Al and he's out for the year
jbfreeman62::He plays lazy on offense... If he truly cared he would work to play the way he knows he can instead of sitting back and taking long jumpers all game long
Coldhard facts::You must be forgetting about Josh Smith, the guy works his $@% off every night win or lose
falconsfan0125::He's gone tomorrow
crawnjc1982::Caron butler i cant stand this dude. Now he wants to put up decent numbers, where were those numbers when they needed them vs the likes of the twolves and the celtics when he was AVG. 4 pts a game?.....USELESS. And chris paul needs to start shining every game instead of when he feels like it, he needed to score a hell of alot more tonight.
crawnjc1982::thats what im saying, no doubt he's the reason we are a better team, but he tries to turn it on in the 4th quarter when sometimes its too little too late.
pasheffi788::i watched the game last night and it looked like the mask was bothering him alot. last night was alot worse than tonight
323BrownPride::hes also the major reason why we have been losing as of late...deciding not to play until the fourth quarter is pissing me off
pasheffi788::chris paul is the ONLY reason yall are where you are now
falconsfan0125::Game. Set. Match.   Good game Clippers.   Good luck in the future.
323BrownPride::no no no no...y u putting the starters back in Vinny???
jbfreeman62::Hawks went to staples on a bad night for the road team... hard to win when the other team shoots over 55%
Baracudas160684::How about a crazy 14-5 run by the hawks to end it lol.   Or a three to get within 6 at the end lol
323BrownPride::omg i need to find the highlight of Smith blocking MOs dunk attempt!!
cadarn1::Mo finishes it
OptimusPrime4.0::The los angeles clippers of anahiem
323BrownPride::and i would drive from LA to Anaheim to watch the games
Mom_said_no_messageboard_until_Hw_is_done::YEAH BECAUSE YOU CAN JUST PARK YOUR TRUCK ON THE BEACH AT VENICE BEACH!!!!!!!!!!!!  F%CKING STUPID RAM COMMERCIAL
acecosta::where can iwatch this game on the internet?
jbfreeman62::Hawks playing with zero heart out there
Mom_said_no_messageboard_until_Hw_is_done::JSMOOVE, A SG TRAPPED IN A PF BODY
ZamiSalami::how much time
pasheffi788::whos ready for this over to hit
Mom_said_no_messageboard_until_Hw_is_done::Bledsoe + Williams &gt; CP3 + Blake
323BrownPride::much needed rest for our starters...keep the bench in if their getting it done
323BrownPride::for tonight at least!!
cadarn1::I agree man.  Paul and griffin have been slow and tired as hell.
wileyrummel::Whats Up with Kirk?  Just bad night or what?
Bobby Digital8286::wtf! la is leaving the door open for u atl! go in!!
323BrownPride::OOOOOOOO!!!!!!! SMITH WITH THE BLOCK!!!!!!!
FloodingWisdomPearls::but please about Stackhouse..please...i am not english spoken but there is a word more horrible than horrible?
lakerfan293092::hawks suck.
Coldhard facts::um I think we have a better record, just sayin.....
crawnjc1982::Lakerfan trolling. LMAO! coming from a team that has lost to the pistons, kings &amp; wizards on the road.
Jerlinbetonharvardgames::NOT 1 ,2 3 4 5 6 NOY 7 ---- YES 8 WORLD CHAMPS LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
Bobby Digital8286::mcgrady is horrible
Baracudas160684::Please tell me hawks still making comeback ???
323BrownPride::...nope...
323BrownPride::83-72 Clippers!!
jbfreeman62::Hawks need the second half of march desperately... the schedule gets considerably weaker which we need right now playing tired and crappy
nhlsharkfan08::Lakers conversation board hittin nearly 5000 posts. Clippers board hitting nearly 300. LOL
Brob704851::FK the lakers CLippers all day
nhlsharkfan08::Uh no.
romeo8880::Clippers are better than the Lakers this year though.
Mom_said_no_messageboard_until_Hw_is_done::jeez I am heartbroken.  What ever will I do????????/
Coldhard facts::The Hawks can look so good some times, and awful other times. They have beaten some of the best teams(Heat, Thunder, Chicago). You just don't know how they will perform on any given game.
Mom_said_no_messageboard_until_Hw_is_done::DONT TAKE OUT THE BENCH PLAYERS!!!! BLAKE GRIFFIN IS JUST GOING TO COME IN AND MESS SH%T UP!!!
cadarn1::Seriously Blake and cp really slowing things down lately
cadarn1::Can we start mo, bledsoe and Evans? Seriously
323BrownPride::Start bledsoe until the 4th when CP3 decides he wants to play lol...
jbfreeman62::Hawks are mailin it in now much a bunch of crap
