mrcake08::I'm still heated ova dis game..refs stole a game from us
Ryan6348::Close game, i think Nene would have my the difference for the nuggets
rwilliams75::Let me get this right. You win, and are going to complain about the refs?maybe the Nuggets didn't quit. We'll see when the old men play in Denver how the pace works for them. Spurs are a solid team and shortened seasons always works out well for older teams, look at history. But the Nuggets are the real deal and w no egos to hold them down.
dolfan2949::first of all, I am not complaining; I was simply pointing out the obvious. As for the "old men" playing in Denver? Like I said to another Denver fan down below; check out the Spurs record in Denver in both regular season and playoffs and then talk to me. And third; are you implying that the Spurs have egos?  LOL    Go Spurs Go!!
dolfan2949::The only reason is was even close was because when the Nuggies were down by 20 the refs took over and allowed the Thuggets to maul the Spurs at will with impunity.... and if Manu had been there it would have been really ugly... Spurs OWN the Nuggies. I know truth hurts but those are the facts. Go Spurs Go!!
truetotheend::Carmelo, Kenyon, Iverson, Chauncy and Boykins.  All these players have been in Denver and all have been beaten by the Spurs.  Denver fans have always claimed to have the better team and always are sent home with a loss.  Until that is changed, the Nuggets will always be a team looking up to the Spurs.
mountainboy33::Next time, Spurs. Just wait til next time
young_60minutes_aka_1hour::i think Ginobili would have made the difference for my Spurs....oh wait we won
Eric6203::I wonder why Pop looked at Karl and shrugged his shoulders at the end of the game.  You have to love the NBA and how these games are officiated sometimes you win and sometimes you loose.
Spurs_Dyansty21::the way things are officiated? Are you saying the refs handed the game to one of the teams?  FYI, Nuggets had 8 more free throws than the Spurs.  It was officiated  pretty fairly.
wasted_101::RUNNIN AND GUNNIN
wasted_101::GALLINARI WITH 31 HE WONT HAVE ANOTHER 30 POINT GAME THIS YEAR
en4cer3009::Way to go Danny Green! Former UNC superstar! 4-0 vs Duke in Cameron Indoor! Tar Heel 4 Life!
en4cer3009::Got him in most of my leagues now to take a chance on him...I swapped him with...JJ Reddick...LOL Don't disappoint me Danny-boy! I don't like Duke but I like to win!
CandySparker::Oh, Danny Boy !
gmann305::Good game spurs. As the years go by you guys are still top notch, see you next time
flopsisback::Where the hell were you real Nuggets fans earlier? Now I feel bad, calling your fanbase a bunch of babies...every damn Nuggz "fan" on here earlier did nothing but throw racist epithets and cry about the refs.  Nice to know there's some decent ones out there...my bad!
mountainboy33::I feel lonely in this criticized category
flopsisback::As a Lakers fan, I know we have a bunch of those so-called "fans"...but it was ridiculous in here at the end of the game.
Matthew85633::I agree; I don't think I've ever seen more complaints about the damn refs on these boards haha
nuggets07666::Good game , spurs shot lights out with three ball, but really spurs don't scare me as much anymore, I like our chances as the season goes on, as the Nuggets won't spot the spurs 20 points again next meeting..........my one homer complaint, can Lawson please get the same calls Parker does....
dolfan2949::Psst; look up the Spurs record in Denver in both regular season and playoffs; that will be your wake up call.   :o)
playinaround2::Nuggets are a good team, with a good second unit. I wouldn't read too much into losing close to the Spurs in SA without Nene.
The_ Roof::Missed free throws...These guys need to make it at the charity stripe. They are all good shooters why can't they just sink the freebies!  GO NUGGETS!
Matthew85633::hmm.  why complain?
flm29::Good game Spurs.  You guys have a very good team that will be a very tough out in the playoffs. I'm loving this Nuggets team.  The old melo-led Nuggets would've given up when they were down by 20 in the first half.  This team atleast has some fight and will be a top 3 seed in the Western Conference. Spurs need to beat the Thunder tomorrow night.  Good luck!
chubby rain::Nuggets suck, ha,ha, M E L O!!
playinaround2::Weak troll. I can't seen that Nuggets fans are really all that upset about Melo moving on. Let's see now, who has the better record, Nuggs or Knicks?
Matthew85633::troll.
cableboy764::Nice showing for my Nuggs on the second night of back to back road games. The Spurs are a good team and good teams win at home...period.  This game showed me Gallo can be a go to guy and that the Nuggets are as close to being a serious Western Conference threat as I thought they were.. Gonna be a crazy season.
NOVABuffalo::many of the nuggets fans on here early on were on and on about the Spurs age, et al.  Glad to see some reasonable thoughts --- last year's playoffs were a kidney punch for Spurs.  I think there is still one last run for Duncan, Parker and Manu (once he returns), but not many agree.
Txboy12345::Now I have to say, Denver getting rid of Melo was the best thing you ever could of done. The team is better without him and was better without him last year.
mountainboy33::A team down 20 in the 1st half comes back on the road against a team that is twice their size, and can't stop sinking the 3's. I don't care what the outcome, or what conversation occured below this post, but I am proud of my Nuggets for fighting when nothing seemed their way tonight. Good game everyone
dolfan2949::Mountain boy; come on down from your Rocky Mt "high".... the Nuggies did fight back; but the main reason they were even in the game is because the refs decided to let them mug their way back without any calls. Spurs had almost ZERO home cooking. But we're used to that disrespect from the league... I love it when people call the Spurs "old"; lol, the average team age is 27, which is barely above the league average of 26.  :o)  But I guess misinformed fans have to have something to say about the Spurs who keep proving them wrong. Go Spurs Go !!
mountainboy33::I meant gearth
playinaround2::No kidding. Nuggets starting front line last night: 7', 7'1", 6'10".
catsdaddy24::first time ive heard the spurs be called twice the size....thats a good one
NOVABuffalo::When these prior ABA teams play, I would like to see the NBA allow for a red, white and blue ball.  If we can do "Los Spurs" and other throwback things, why not ---- always loved to watch the spin of that old ball.
playinaround2::Especially when they're playing ABA style, sort of like they did tonight - a 2 was like a turnover to those guys, though.
cableboy764::Every kid in my neighborhood in Denver had a ABA ball back in the 60's.
NOVABuffalo::Started in 1979-1980 season, enough time for NBA folks to think it was their idea.  Chris Ford from Celtics made the first one ever in NBA.
jayeteee::But didn't that(3 pt shot in the NBA) come quite a few years after the ABA folded? So it's not like they adopted it right away.
NOVABuffalo::It was the same in San Antonio ---- nobody used the boring brown ball.  Also, the NBA really adopted many of the ABA changes to the game ---- 3 point shot for example.
KeepHatingOnMelo::DENVER NUGGIES GOT "AL PACINO'ED" FOR CARMELO ANTHONY. TYPE-B PLAYERS THE KNICKS OVER-HYPED. GREAT SUCCESS!
playinaround2::My sense, having been around Nuggs fans but not being one, is that they're generally pretty happy about the deal, and not in a "hater" kind of way. I can see why this troll had to resort to all caps to try to get a rise out of folks, but my impression has been that Melo leaving is already sort of a yawner to Nuggets fans. Gallinari and Brewer seem to be holding down the SF position quite well.
SocaJunkie44::melo is the best scorer @ hids position in the entire leauge
catsdaddy24::easy to be the best scorer when you dont pass the ball and shoot more then anybody on the court
TomiRG::Melo is the most overrated player in the league. I don´t think it was an uneven trade. It was just right.
Spurs4life93::Such a shame that Nuggets fans don't have any class  in the words of Caron Butler  "I enjoyed my meeting with the Spurs first class all the way"!!  yupp pretty much sums it up 95% of us are first class fans &amp; have been all our lives  only about 5% of Nuggets fans have true class LOL
jayeteee::Yeah, 'cause everybody knows Caron Butler is the source for all sources. Then why did he sign w/ Dallas ?
catsdaddy24::uuummm he never signed with dallas...he was traded there ans he signed with the clippers cuz everybody "thought" they would be good
Txboy12345::I'm sure Dallas gave him a better offer.
The Big Stroonzo::hahahahaha...the creamy Noogets begin their 10 game losing streak, now. That's what you get for messing with The Big Stroonzo on the Knicks thread. BTW...KNICKS WIN! nyuk nyuk nyuk...
CosmoKramer1444::Who had more regular season and post season wins? New York.... wait...................
jayeteee::So you're at .500 now. Big accomplishment.
sla1234554321::gallinari putting up 31. beastly!!!
KeepHatingOnMelo::IF THEY STILL HAD MELO, THEY WOULD HAVE WON BY 5.   31 POINT GAMES MELO CAN MAKE IN HIS SLEEP.
tapioo::yes because melo is a ball hog
TomiRG::With Melo still there, Lawson wouldn´t have had the chance to flourish and run that team.
jayeteee::LOL. Purely hypothetical. This team is far better off without a player that doesn't give it his all every night.
CosmoKramer1444::How do you score 117 and lose?
dolfan2949::LOL, I was listening to the Denver broadcast of the game and Scott Hastings said before the game that if Denver scored 110 he guaranteed they would win. So much for guarantees....   :0)
CosmoKramer1444::Obviously. I obviously knew that lol
NOVABuffalo::allowing the other team more than 117
TomiRG::playing no D.
KeepHatingOnMelo::NICE DEFENSE CHICKEN NUGGIES. THANKS FOR MELO, YOUR WELCOME FOR WHATEVER LEFT NEW YORK SENT YOU.
matt24671::its never good when your worse than the team whose "superstar" you got.
KeepHatingOnMelo::LOL! Davis, Shumpert, Melo, STAT, Chandler = DENVER NUGGIES, Miami Heat, Chicago Bulls, Boston Celtics.
TomiRG::You must be high to believe that.
jayeteee::@KeepHatingOnMelo Thanks for proving my point. You're obviously experiencing some loose screws.
tapioo::this thing up here ^^^  its kinda stupid lol
KeepHatingOnMelo::OL! Davis, Shumpert, Melo, STAT, Chandler &gt; DENVER NUGGIES, Miami Heat, Chicago Bulls, Boston Celtics.
jayeteee::Enjoy mediocrity as long as you have one of the most selfish players in the league. What's the Knicks record anyway? 4-4? LMAO!!! Get out of here.
TomiRG::53 pts from Spurs´ bench. Nice line.
spurs_fiend::Y'all Nuggets fans are Green with envy. . . .
sharar09::there you go danny green! don't give up brotha, you can make it in this league
Fellerl@gvtc.com::Mi equipo es mejor que el suyo. my team is better than yours. Either way I say it we won, deal with it.
wasted_101::JEEZ DENVER PLAYS NO DEFENSE. THEY HAVE DEPTH BUT THEY PLAY NO D
TomiRG::neither did Spurs tonight..lol
llaborde::Damn Denver fans are some sooooree losers. Sorry Spurs have always had yalls number, if you really enjoy basketball then you wouldn't hate on us so bad. Great game with good teams that are missing their best players. Danny Green FTW!!
llaborde::That was the right call too, Melo was flyin down the lane and ran right over Manu, it's too bad their frustration turns to tremendous hate on the better Spurs.
TomiRG::they are still mad about Manu´s charge on Melodrama on their own house
.Silky Johnston.::they were pathetic all night. Needless to say, I won't be in the game conversation during the next nuggets/spurs game.
TomiRG::that´s call envy.
atns82004::damn ...do the nuggs know how to play D
TomiRG::TJ Ford played huge the first half, some nice playmaking. And is good to see Splitter getting confident near the hoop. Still, his low post game is pretty clumsy and predictable for defenders. That play of RJ blocking Lawson and then splashing a 3 was insane. Parker should play more pick and roll with the bigs instead of settling for jumpers. Tomorrow the Thunder in Oklahoma...mmm tough one.
catsdaddy24::all 5 teams that have played a back to back to back have won that 3rd game so dont count the thunder out but it would be nice for spurs to get another big win
Spurs4life93::the Thunder are on a back-back-back lol it won't b too hard especially since we swept the series last year
Fellerl@gvtc.com::Go Spurs. Love to be hated on. People hate winners.
kjstainback::Wow....great game Danny Green!  So glad to see him getting a chance to play and do well!
spurs_fiend::GO SPURS GO!  I think Manu swapped bodies with Danny Green. . . .
TomiRG::danny green for mvp...oh wait..
KidLyric::lol
doublec315::didn't watch the game: did danny green look as good as his stats suggest?
LynnPerley::Yes he did
TomiRG::he was sick.
mdterpsrock3::Yea, now hes going to Miami
soloartist11::Man we need to rebound more...I wish we had the all time leading modern college rebounder on our team.....*stares blankly at GK
SocaJunkie44::lmaooo
Slurm Soda::lol
mdterpsrock3::Why is Faried never playing. For the little bit of time he has gotten he has been a beast.
tstruck6024::Here is something to make you feel good about yourselves SA fans.  www.wowomg.com
Fellerl@gvtc.com::Winners win, losers....do this
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRnI4wTexrM&amp;feature=related
DenverDiehard35::This game pssed me the hell off but im still happy with the effort we put out. Without nene we play horribly but we were still in it, on a back to back, and in a tough place to play. im not much of a person to question the coaching, i have faith in george so i think he did what he thought would help us win. Nene needs to get his as* out there, we cant take losses like this. Im pissed and idk how im gonna wait till monday till we play again
TomiRG::Dude, you´re 6-3, you´re gonna be fine, calm down..
soloartist11::I love the post game report...just going through plays that should have been and 1's lol
DeezBalls19::<b>Parker = French Bitch Ginobli = Flopping Bitch Duncan = Old Bitch  San Antonio Spurs = Full of Bitches </b>
CWspurs21::Tim Duncan- greatest power forward of all time Manu Ginobili- one of the most crafty and fun to watch guys in the nab Tony Parker- defines the point guard position and is one of the fastest players in the open court. clearly you are mad because the spurs won.  GO SPURS GO!
supergp17::Your the $@%!$, $@%!$!!!
mdterpsrock3::Your a Celtics fan and your saying this, mainly that one about Duncan
mrjordanian11::noballz19 is just jealous of the spurs awesomeness
soloartist11::Parker is a french flopping $@%!$
ahmad751::And yet the $@%!$@% beat the Nuggets.
DeezBalls19::They what, I can't read it when you get censored
KidLyric::is it me or does birdman sometimes play the most meaningless minutes
bennnnnba::Lakers. Damn iPhone.
bennnnnba::Besides against the makers the other night, bird is pretty meaningless altogether.
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::house keeping
tstruck6024::SA fans please get off your owners computer and come mow my lawn. Seriously.
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::TYYYY LAAAWWWWSSOONN
slight31::Attention all Spurs fans, you are outnumbered now go lick some chodes
KidLyric::remember sa last year ginobli flop saves them on carmelo drive yeah lets all reminisce
soloartist11::I said at the beginning this game wouldn't come down to a BS call like it did last year....*slams head on table
phatty3327::the only thing i can saw about tonight is that the 3s sank
