elchupanibre5555::...
oneandonlybabe::I din't realize the Bucks had that many fans...
sprtzfanenglund::Just how good is Jennings? He should be in the All Star game this year. Hopefully, he is recognized accordingly.
Janethan23::Sooner or later a team no matter how good they are will eventually lose. You can't win em all.
sprtzfanenglund::That is a true statement, but what's your point? I don't think anyone is arguing that the Heat are a good team. They most certainly are a good team. What is surprising is that the Bucks are on a roll while beating GOOD teams. The Bucks are winning without superstars and with good team work. If the Bucks stay healthy they should be in the playoffs and shouldn't be overlooked... They are the type of team that can surprise any team.
oneandonlybabe::True but twice to the same team and the way they lost last night leaves unanswered questions
oneandonlybabe::Anyway, trying to decide what is worse, the Heat losing more to under .500 teams or the Bulls losing more to over .500 teams?
david98777::lame
oneandonlybabe::Yup, you're right, lame by both, it's a tie
oneandonlybabe::For once I agree with Bayless. Not about this being Wade's fault but about how outrageous it is that the Heat have lost to the Bucks twice!!  Good news for the Heat is that chances the Bucks make the playoffs are not that great...
david98777::how are there chances not that great... they will easily get the 8th seed
oneandonlybabe::If you say so, LOL!
oneandonlybabe::This is a coaching problem! Why can't people see that? This was a game the Heat should have won with their eyes closed after the fast start.
BURNER8585::Bucks were the better team.  How's that for an excuse?
inglehacker::If 5-12 for 14 points in the 2nd half is "going cold", than 99% of the NBA is cold at all times.
BURNER8585::This is the 2nd time we stomped the Heat in a week.  We also took out the Lakers and Rockets.  Suddenly, Bucks wins aren't surprising.  What is surprising, is how we did it.  I'm starting to think the Heat are over-rated.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Some good teams lose to bad teams vice versa bad teams beat good teams.... lakers and heat for example.. heat killed us.. just things happen.......LOL
brookss36::no sh!t...The Bucks never have that much energy vs average teams.
Aicyla22::and the heat always have more energy vs good teams
Aicyla22::what happened? kobe got shut down???
brookss36::Wish the Bucks would play like this versus the average and bad teams?
91Gmoney9009::Wow this board died like the Heat in the 2nd half. Im out
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Peace eazy lemon squeezy
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::every time i look at the score... I start laughing. LMAO.. heat suck
Aicyla22::so if the heat suck and they beat your team what does that say about your boys?
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::LOL.. thats me telling the truth.. not giving up on my team.. Thats the perks of being a fan.. i can talk bad about my own team. Ur just the cutest hater i ever met..lol
Aicyla22::@ blk "They suck.. but we're not talkin about the lakers are we cutie" &lt;--  right there
Aicyla22::I know NBA but its fun to give Blk a hard time
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Lakers will beat the Heat next time.. Whhhhahaaaaaa??? when did i give up on my lakers lol..
Aicyla22::I know they dont have their s.hit together right right now but unlike you i havent and wont give up on my team
nba is the worst::Aicyla - reg season home wins really don't prove that much - especially compared with the Bucks 2-0 head to head vs the Heatles. Let's see how the rematch(es) in LA, Chi, and tomorrow in Philly go for them)
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::LOL... no. Cause he know the Heat are chokes..you know too lol
Aicyla22::He said you could bc youre a closet heat fan???
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::They suck.. but we're not talkin about the lakers are we cutie ;-)....LMAO @ the heat... (you know im just giving u a hard time, ES said i could)
UNDCUKE5::He's just mad the Lakers are going to suck for at LEAST a decade and no one thinks KoMe is the best player anymore.
91Gmoney9009::Drew Gooden &gt; Andrew Bogut
Sconi71::Wrong.
BM09799::They both can be traded away. Bogut dosn't last half a season, and Gooden is getting up their in age.
91Gmoney9009::Kobe &gt; LeBron....oops nvm cant compare them cuz LeBron is a small forward and not a shooting guard.
Sconi71::Yeah, it only took Gooden a year to get going with the Bucks. Try again.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::agree!
91Gmoney9009::Is Gooden playing in place of Bogut? Yes so technically he is filling the position of being a center right now and is doing alot better job than Bogut was. Quit this early in the season BS.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::LOL. you got nothing. you know your wrong I cant argue with you this is just getting dumb. Bogut is a great player for that team and they are better with him. thats all there is to it. LOL. I'm out.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::Gooden is not a Center. try again
91Gmoney9009::You are the only one thinking like that dude. They dont have to play the same position to be compared to who is the better player. Who is the better player? Dwight Howard or Kirk Kinrich. Obviously Dwight Howard and they play 2 different positions, you have no argument.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::Why are you comparing him to Bogut as if he was a center?  C'mon man. get your stuff together
91Gmoney9009::Where does it say in my post that Drew Gooden is a center? Oh
91Gmoney9009::I dont understand why people are talking about Bogut! Did you guys not watch any games before he went down? He was averaging 11 points and 8 rebounds a game. Drew Gooden is averaging 17 points and 7 rebounds since he took over for Bogut.
UNDCUKE5::It's like how the Knicks are better without Melo.  I knew the Knicks/Heat game was going to be close as soon as I heard Melo was out.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::So why are you comparing him to Bogut like he is? moron
91Gmoney9009::No one ever said Gooden was a center lol you have issues bro
partybezerker::I watch every bucks game and Bogut is the heart of the team. Drew Gooden is playing good right now, but it's not going to last.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::Never said he was amazing, was off to a slow start like a lot of players but the guy is a double double machine so you dudes need to get real and wake up. Gooden is not a Center. moron
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::Dude, your not goin to convince any one who has half a brain that the Bucks are better without Bogut, C'mon man get real
91Gmoney9009::You are the only one on here that thinks Bogut is amazing bro
UNDCUKE5::So the Bucks are better with a guy that scores less, has less rebounds and plays less defense?  Interesting theory.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::If you think they're better without Bogut something is wrong with you. and they beat the Heat with Bogut last time
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::LOL. get off here if you think bogut wasn't helping. ever hear of defense. I bet you think he was the only one off to a slow start right? lol.
91Gmoney9009::Hey thats what Bogut was averaging before he went down. Lets put it this way if Bogut was healthy and played over Gooden he would have scored about 6 points less and got you 1 more rebound. SOLID
nba is the worst::Hmm - not that I care, but for perspective, game-high rebs last night on either team was 8
91Gmoney9009::How can you say he was starting to turn it on? Are you high? The last game before he got hurt was January 23rd vs Atlanta. He had 6 points and 12 rebounds. Doesnt sound like a noise maker
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::And Bogut was their size. If they had Bogut who was starting to turn it on the rest playing like they are they could make some noise in the playoffs.
91Gmoney9009::6 defensive rebounds and 2 blocks a game? Thats good defense?
jcmaggi::Kobe is 70 points away from surpassing Shaq on the all time scoring list
UNDCUKE5::Yea all those home games against TRASH teams.  WOE is unto the Lakers with their TOUGH schedule.  Lakers 2-7 on the road, 7-7 against .500 and above teams.  Delusional Laker homers are so cute ^_^
jcmaggi::Lakers are 5th in RPI (measure of strength of schedule) and 4th in average winning percentage of opponents faced.
UNDCUKE5::He'll need at least 140 shots to get that many points.  Which means he'll probably pass him next game.
jcmaggi::Yea cause road games are the only thing that indicate strength of schedule right? Ignore the fact that the Lakers have played one of the busiest schedules so far.
UNDCUKE5::Lakers have 2 road wins against garbage teams.  The Lakers suck.  Get KoMe's d.i.ck out of your mouth little boy.
jcmaggi::Lakers are 4th or 5th in strength of schedule, so you lose that argument.
jcmaggi::By my estimation, Kobe only needs 50-56 shots to get to 70 points
UNDCUKE5::Yes, KoMe proved he can score on bad teams.  Man KoMe sure has shown how good he is this year!  Well, at home, against the worst teams in the league that is.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::70 pts in one game? sad thing is.... he proved he can do it..
nba is the worst::Poor Shaq - if he hadn't been so lazy wrt free throws...
jcmaggi::I was actually thinking about that....like what if he had been a 70%-75% free throw shooter, how many more points would he have, but the other side of that coin is that he got a ton of ft's because HE WAS SO BAD at shooting them, so if he had been good (atleast for a big man) then he probably wouldn't have faced the hack a shaq and he wouldn't have gotten a lot of those tries anyway
thee_duckweed@yahoo.com::BJ3!
BM09799::Young Buck!
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::JENNINGS!!!! the guy is a beast, I was laughing at all those people saying Ty Lawson was better, C'mon this guy can take over a game. Lawson is good  but people just don't know Jennings because of where he plays. and they did this without Bogut, who would of thought
91Gmoney9009::Bogut was having the worst year of his career before his injury. He wasnt helping the Bucks win games.
91Gmoney9009::I know that but he still wasnt putting up All Star numbers. It doesnt matter if Bogut was there or not, the Bucks beat the Heat.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::Dude it was Very early, a lot of guys were off to slow starts and he was starting to pick it up. and he missed some games do to personal reasons.
UNDCUKE5::The Bucks still suck and probably won't even make the PlayOffs.  I was LMAOing when they dropped confetti and stringers from the rafters after beating the Heat in the regular season.  I guess when you never make the PlayOffs, beating the Heat in the regular season is your Finals.
nba is the worst::Missed the heatles' win in Atlanta then?
jcmaggi::Lakers celebrate every home win by dropping streamers from the rafters and this includes when they were winning titles.
UNDCUKE5::No, good teams don't celebrate in the regular season.  I have yet to see the Heat, Bulls or Thunder celebrate a single victory this year.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::so are you saying good teams don't celebrate? whats your point?
UNDCUKE5::That's what I'm saying.  Bad teams give full effort and celebrate when they beat good teams.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::They might still, but after losing Bogut it's goin to be really tough to do anything if they make it unless he can come back in mid season form, like that will happen. and a lot of teams celebrate after a big win. look at the Pacers aftter they beat Chicago those guys went off.
jcmaggi::Yea that's way worse than holding a victory celebration in July and declaring that you will be winning "not 2, not 3, not 4, not 5, not 6, not 7 titles"
91Gmoney9009::Every team celebrates like that after a home win. Have you never been to a basketball game live?
WalkingByFaith1982::^ where you one of those folks boycotting the NBA during the lockout? Look at you now :)
nba is the worst::Me???
nba is the worst::<b> GREAT name</b>
nba is the worst::Now employed as the Kings color commentator - still hilarious!
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::Yeah I miss Bill making those calls, that dude was the best
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::WHAT UP PEEPS!!!!!?
jcmaggi::yo
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::of course, why else would we come on here? lol
jcmaggi::just talkin some ball, being amused by the illogical arguments
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::yo whats crackin son
RyanCarranza::WHAT UPP CABRON!!!!
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::bless you?...lol
91Gmoney9009::Hey I know you
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Alot of people do.. lol... hello good sir
tenthousandlakes1966::Lebron James 0 rings.  Not one, not one, not one, not one, not one......
RenQuist28::And another thing... two straight Finals MVPs &gt; two straight regular season MVPs
jcmaggi::Right and I'm not trying to say that the players that have won them didn't merit them, Nash's production certainly warranted being in the conversation but the thing is, that award is so incredibly subjective, what it means to be the MVP changes almost yearly so that the writers can give it to their favorite player of the year.
RenQuist28::Regular MVPs are great and everything, but a Finals MVP comes with a nice shiny ring
jcmaggi::Here's my argument on the MVP, Steve Nash = 2 MVP's, Kobe and Shaq combined = 2 MVP's.....something doesn't really add up with that award
UNDCUKE5::KoMe Bryant ZERO rings rest of his career.
jcmaggi::He might chuck the Lakers out of some games, but he also keeps them in and wins them plenty of games, especially games that, you know, matter.
nba is the worst::YEP - THAT SUMS UP THE LEBRONISTS!
UNDCUKE5::He's still going to chuck your team out of contention for a couple of years or so.  Not only do the Lakers suck now, they are going to suck as long as KoMe is on the roster.  LMAO
jcmaggi::LOL pitiful. So let me guess, LBJ is awesome for all the rings he WILL win, but Kobe sucks because despite the fact that he has 5 rings ALREADY, there's a chance he might never win another one?
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::its okay.. he'll sit back and relax with 5
brandonlee561heat::lunch time, later all
91Gmoney9009::Who takes a lunch at 2:20?
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::also true^^
nba is the worst::He might work 10-7
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::LOL.. true.. but you always cant go off the team. .. iM a laker fan living in Denver
91Gmoney9009::Well considering he is a Miami  fan I am guessing he lives in Miami which is in the Eastern time zone which is the same one I am in and it is 2:23 right now.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::time zones maybe?? no? not ringing any bells?
tenthousandlakes1966::Miami Heat, New York Jets, Dallas Cowboys Are World Champion Chokers.
tenthousandlakes1966::Thunder, Clippers, and Bulls are all better teams than the Miami Heat.
91Gmoney9009::And Hawks
nba is the worst::Fail - Hawks choked at the ft line in losing, but BEAT the heatles in Miami
91Gmoney9009::Who are the Heat tied with at the top of the Division? Oh yea.
My Heat Kick Your Ass::getting beat without superstars&gt;beating superstars  The Hawks win in more embarrasing game.
nba is the worst::FAIL
91Gmoney9009::And we beat you when you had all your players LMAO. Get outta here kid.
My Heat Kick Your Ass::We beat you without LBJ and D-Wade. Check the facts before you talk $@%! $@%!$.
My Heat Kick Your Ass::97-93 dumb@ss. Check the facts before you talk $@%! $@%!$.
nba is the worst::I always say Facts &gt; BS - three more to go. Winning at home isn't all that
UNDCUKE5::You're right.  The Heat will sweep the Dulls out of the PlayOffs this year instead of giving them a courtesy win.
Aicyla22::with that being said THIS year they lost to the heat thus far :)
nba is the worst::It's not last year anymore, Aicla... ;)
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Typical Bullsh!t fan always getting excited about the regular season.
Aicyla22::that didnt do much for the bulls last year nba
nba is the worst::<b>BULLS IN 1ST PLACE IN THE EAST, LOSER</b>
My Heat Kick Your Ass::@nba is the worst My account still hasn't been banned, so what happens I know you're use to being banned.  P.S. if I do get banned my new name will be nba is the best.
nba is the worst::We'll be looking for you post-ban.  Have a nice <b>BUTTHURT</b> DAY
brownstribe44::you're a pathetic loser who craves any attention he can get whether it's good or bad. Please get some real life friends or seek help for your sad and lonely life.
brownstribe44::get a job, or are you one of those 99% losers sitting in a park peeing all over yourself.
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Yeah. Quit wasting your company's time and America's time by Bullsh!ting on the computer all day.
brownstribe44::I'm at work right now, got any other theories?
brownstribe44::it's still true no matter how many people I tell it to. I just want you to get help before you harm yourself or others. I'm serious. I really feel bad for you.
tenthousandlakes1966::LeBron will never win a championship.
My Heat Kick Your Ass::This is like the fifth time you said that. You might want to rethink what you said and see if those words apply to you instead, because you've been on this board for awhile now.  P.S. I know the unemployment life can be tough, but hang in there and keep praying.
jcmaggi::I don't get why everyone is talking about the Lakers' demise just yet, they're one of the best defensive teams in the league and they're only 1.5 games from being the 2nd seed in the West
UNDCUKE5::Oh you mean when you had the GOAT coach and a decent KoMe?  Face it clown, the Lakers will do NOTHING for at LEAST a decade.  The Lakers have enormous contracts on hugely overrated players, number one being KoMe.  In the past 31 years, the Lakers have won Titles under TWO head coaches: Riley and Jackson.  You aren't winning squat with Mike Brown.  You better figure out how to get rid of KoMe and his massive contract because the Lakers need to start rebuilding NOW.
jcmaggi::He's the leading scorer in the NBA, averages 6.2 rebounds a game and 5.4 assists per game as a guard, he sells out Staples center every night the Lakers play (and unlike the Clippers home games that they say are sold out but more than a 1/4 of the seats are empty, when the Lakers play, every seat is actually full, not just sold) and you want the Lakers to trade him?
RenQuist28::The Lakers will always attract the best talent. Your prediction is comical.
UNDCUKE5::You clowns are dumb as bricks.  The Lakers aren't sniffing a Title for at LEAST a decade.
RenQuist28::You're dumb as a brick considering they win a title on average once every four years. Heard the same thing when we traded Shaq and took us only 3 seasons to return to the Finals.
91Gmoney9009::Probably cuz they are only averaging 93 points per game this season. And their record is what 12-9?
jcmaggi::13-9 (and 1.5 games out of 2nd seed in the west) despite their best player tearing the ligament in his shooting wrist a few days before the season started, learning a brand new system with a brand new coaching staff in an extremely truncated training camp and regular season (and on top of that, they had the CP3 deal uncertainty/LO trade demand stench hanging over the entire training camp), dealing with tons of injuries (Kobe, Pau's shoulder, Artest's achilles, Blake's sternum) and playing one of the busiest early schedules for the first month of the season.
RenQuist28::and they're learning a new system on the fly.. it's a definite possibility they can still be a title threat. Never count Kobe + one or two all-star level players out
nba is the worst::Maybe it has something to do with the corrupt commish vetoing a legal trade after saying he'd let Demps run the franchise...
jcmaggi::Yea that was a tough one to get over, but we gotta let it go, CP3 is a Clipper, end of story.
tenthousandlakes1966::LeBron James in the 4th quarter &gt; My Heat Kick Your A S S
brownstribe44::no I have a college degree going back to get your G.E.D. any time soon?
brownstribe44::heat just is on here because he can't get attention from people face to face. Heat fans are morons.
My Heat Kick Your Ass::F in English class, huh?
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Mission accomplished, I got a hater. I think I'll name you Trashwaukee.
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Damn! Houston is a great city, so you're lucky I can't bash on them.
tenthousandlakes1966::I live in Houston, stupid fool
My Heat Kick Your Ass::I'm back! Wow that was fun, that was my first spam ever and I can't wait to do it again, but not now or the rest of today.   But mark my words I'LL BE BACK!!! And remeber I'm in Miami BI ATCHES!!!
91Gmoney9009::U never left bruh, theres a very tall building calling your name
nba is the worst::<b>STAY BUTTHURT (AND ENJOY YOUR NEW SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT NAME)...</b>
tenthousandlakes1966::You suck at spamming as bad as the Heat suck at closing a game.
packbrewbucks09::anyways you all see the bucks beat the heat how bout that haha
91Gmoney9009::Sad thing is, hes still on here seeing if we're talking about him. Get a life bro.
brownstribe44::I think he is made that you got him pegged RenQuist
brownstribe44::of course he is, he has no friends or life that is why he needs any attention he can get positive or negative, to try to validate his pathetic life, I'm not a therapist but that seems obvious that this pathetic loser craves attention.
RenQuist28::Nope.. Graduated.
My Heat Kick Your Ass::And then you dropped out, because you couldn't handle an American education, right?
RenQuist28::I was a psychology major and that sounds about right
RenQuist28::Why do they censor&nbsp;MILF&nbsp;that's not offensive
RenQuist28::come on ESPN.. this is a manly sports comment section not the mickey mouse club
nba is the worst::Errr - Moms I'd Like to (Fail)
brownstribe44::he might think this is funny but when he leaves here and has no friends or anyone to try to get attention from or to talk to he will remember how sad and pathetic he really is.
Aicyla22::hi brandon
brownstribe44::she is a GILF (Girl I like to F) not me I'm taken but them.
brownstribe44::how the hell are all your teams Miami and you're an Indians fan?
nba is the worst::COOL CHICK TOO. ;)
brownstribe44::looks like another down year for the Tribe. :(
RyanCarranza::Cool story, chick
brandonlee561heat::Just have to look ahead and beat the 6ers next
Aicyla22::im from fort laud and my dads from cleveland first mlb game i went to was indians vs mariners in cleveland
brandonlee561heat::ello
Aicyla22::and ever other year i started to hate the bucks when sam cassel played for them there was this jump ball &amp; he pulled voshon leonard down and the refs didnt see it so it made me hate them forever
brandonlee561heat::Yea they have our number this year..
Aicyla22::oh man it was terrible.  we always lose to the bucks though
brandonlee561heat::Epic choke last night, huh
RenQuist28::MILF&nbsp;alert
Aicyla22::haha im good thanks how about you? heat always have issues with the bucks for some odd reason i was expecting it but hoping my expectations would not come true
RenQuist28::oh ok.. my bad
nba is the worst::HOW ARE YOU TODAY (considering last night)?
Aicyla22::i dont have any kids
RenQuist28::that's not you in the pic?
91Gmoney9009::Ur not a M.ILF?
Aicyla22::false
My Heat Kick Your Ass::The damage has been done. I'm leaving.  Thank you and have a great life.
nba is the worst::We won't see this account name again (without a period etc - fitting, actually)
brownstribe44::I hope you get the attention you so desperately crave or seek a thereapist or something.
91Gmoney9009::UR A D.OUSHE
RenQuist28::Another Heat fan, another comments section ruined.
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Nigg@s In Paris
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Nigg@s In Paris
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Nigg@s In Paris
tenthousandlakes1966::Flag him repeatedly and they'll delete him.
brownstribe44::He is right tenthousandlakes1966.  Everyone has been flagging him ESPN is like Yahoo they don't do anything about it.
brandonlee561heat::false.
tenthousandlakes1966::Shut it.
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Nigg@s In Paris
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Nigg@s In Paris
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Nigg@s In Paris
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Nigg@s In Paris
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Nigg@s In Paris
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Nigg@s In Paris
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Nigg@s In Paris
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Nigg@s In Paris
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Nigg@s In Paris
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Nigg@s In Paris
My Heat Kick Your Ass::Nigg@s In Paris
