TheCronoMasterMind::"The Magic were called for 27 fouls, while the Nuggets were only whistled for 7, but nobody wants to talk about that." Thats in the recap... I watched the game, and you don't get 52 points in the paint by living by the three ball. Nuggets definitely got the benefit of a few calls, though they were fouled 20+ times. Only problem is so were the Magic... You don't get 52 points in the paint and not get fouled. I am a Magic fan, but at this point I'm used to this type of game where every call will go against us. It's sickening if you're saying this game was officiated 100% correctly, but the Magic should have driven the ball a bit more. Nuggets defense was horrible, but oh well.
climb171::One word describing K Faried  effort last night?
climb171::Beasting
diehardnr1::These type of games make it difficult to root for this Nuggets team. It just seems like they always play to the level of their opponent...like the Globetrotters vs elite teams and more like the Generals vs lesser opponents.  Besides undying loyalty, the only thing that keeps me watching is hoping the Nuggets get it together for the playoffs....where most of the teams will hopefully bring out the best in the Nuggets.  GG Magic...just need to learn how to close out against a team thats trying to give you a gift.  Kudos to Miller and Lawson Super Kudos to Faried     GO NUGGETS!!!
Selfmade Thousandaire::How many close games can we painfully lose in a row?
Atletico89::just give us back afflalo you jerks
Kred28::Id take AAA and Iggy if it were possible lol. Love Iggy but miss AAA.
trizzo23::afflalo 3 x better at half the cost
charlie hustle bets the over::afflalo's defense is not nearly as good as igg's.  and andre fits into the nugg's offense way better than AAA did.  i think all teams but philly won that trade.
denverboi1993::No we're good with Iggy actually. Don't know what you're talking about.
stormingB81::I am a Magic fan.  Listen you can't blame the refs.  Heck Denver missed A LOT of FTs I mean maybe we should have fouled them more.  However what about the defense that LET UP 38 4TH QUARTER POINTS!  we have NO ONE to blame but the person in the mirror.  11 of the 23 losses are by 7 points are less.  The future is bright if we work on the little things and keep the team together!
Stan Van Gundy for Nuggets coach 2013::wow there's a lot of crying by these magic fans. it's pretty simple to explain the foul differential. magic shot twice as many 3's.  yes, TWICE as many.  afflalo pulled up a few feet inside the 3 all night long.  same with jameer.  did you watch the game or are you just looking at that box score?  magic barely attacked the rim.  the paint #'s don't accurately reflect the aggressiveness, or lack of.  magic were jump shot happy the entire night.
trizzo23::afflalo got fouled 5 times going to basket no calls....it was a 3 point game ..magic had 50 points in the paint..so live by 3 is a joke....
charlie hustle bets the over::24 3's.  if that's not living by the 3, i'm not sure what it is...
stormingB81::Orlando..live by the 3 die bu the three.  and how many FTs did denver miss. a lot.  I am a magic fan but how can we blame anyone else when we gave up 38 4th qtr points? we cant
Stan Van Gundy for Nuggets coach 2013::and how about the magic player that was on a fast break, lost the ball, kicked it back up to himself for an assist to the big man that was waiting in the paint.  there were two refs on either side of him, that just watched, no call.  face it, redick is the only reason this was even a game.
washheightsboy3::Wins are great, but wins like this are embarassing.  A squeaker at home v Orlando?  Looks like I'll be following the Rockies when pitchers and catcher report.  And that's about as bad as it can get.
martinfingers::The Magic and their fans are so pathetic that they have to cry about fouls in the middle of the season against the Nuggets.  Face it, your team sucked with Howard and are even worse now. Ha.
Kred28::And haven't missed the playoffs once without him and are obviously going to continue that trend this year. Not our fault ur GM doesn't know how to deal
Kred28::Isnt the only thing that matters is 21-16 compared to 12-23... Who is pathetic exactly??? And before bringing up the whole re-building excuse, remember we were forced to trade away our star just one year before Orlando did. Technically we are and have been "re-building" too. We just don't like to show it.
charlie hustle bets the over::and are better at it (rebuilding, that is)
Virgomused::What's pathetic is that your fully composed roster almost lost to a rebuilding team without their second highest scorer and backup pg.
martinfingers::...also, Cory Brewer sucks.  It's been a while since I yelled at a player on the TV screen.
EnnBee15::Kenny Mauer, tonight's crew chief, was also the official during the 2003 Magic/Nets game in which NJ shot 36 FTs to the Magic's 8 http://t.co/kc1mGYE1
Baby J.Cole::http://xat.com/ESPNPeople
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lol magic r lost cauees
Magic are better than you::Was that English???  Stay in school!
Jumeax::A win does help in the standings, but perfromances like this make me worry about how the Nuggets will do in the playoffs
Hlee196::Ty looking lost all the time. He is holding on to the ball too long. Not attacking the basket like he should n lack of communication on the floor.
charlie hustle bets the over::did you watch last night's game? he attacked quite a bit.  a few times he was just abused by a magic big, though.  when he gets blocked, it gets to his head pretty quickly, for better or worse.
jayeteee::Looks that way. Not consistent enough to make a run. I do like the way Lawson's playing though.
Hlee196::One n done
Manimal_35::found the video of the interview  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqAB-h2L0Gw
trizzo23::afflao was fouled 5-7 of his shots no call...but he was called for 6 fouls? 1 less than the whole denver team combined?
charlie hustle bets the over::magic just wanted to shoot jumpshots, and missed a ton of them.  what's the point in denver fouling?
Axiom112::and thats what I'm talking about
blackbabyjeebus::I made the kiss cam tonight
TheBronx303::What's up with Wilson Chandler?
Hlee196::We waste so much money on gallo, McGee, Ty , chandler. man I'm speechless because no one really stand out from this bunch.
JustineS04::Coming back Sunday I think. Hurt his hit.
jayeteee::I hope he never plays. Biggest mistake Nuggets have ever made. Twice!
Atletico89::and had any basketball skill whatsoever... theres kids in middle school with a better shot than him
jayeteee::I'd like Brewer better if he could handle the basketball. I've never seen a player get the ball taken from him as much.
Atletico89::ill take him over brewer any day of the week
dcyxc2004::he's got a bad case of mangina-itis, and isn't expected to play until february.
Young_Guruu::The Magic have something going for them in that rookie that was absolutely destroying the Nuggets in the 3rd. I forget his name, but he's got some serious moves down low.
Sterancow::Yeah, Vucevic is decent too.  I think he'll mature into a fairly good NBA center...
Sterancow::Probably Nicholson... He's deceptively good... Usually looks to me like he's sleepwalking, but suddenly has 20 points...
mike487439::Quincy Miller - That guy from USC is good too  and the one from Norfolk state
Magic are better than you::If only he could play defense
Quincy Miller::That guy from USC is good too
dcyxc2004::19 and 19, did you think you were gonna have a night like that??  shhhhiiiittttt!!!!!!  -manimal
trizzo23::vucevic just had a 20 and 29 rebounds on heat!
charlie hustle bets the over::kenneth had 19 and 19 against the magic.
trizzo23::just saying...big deal?
jayeteee::Waaaaahhhhhh..................
trizzo23::magic team short 2 bigs...starting pf in davis..and back up center in ayon ...and vucevic foul out in foul trouble...not to mention farried should have been called for 4-5 over the back fouls...but no call..hmmmm
Sterancow::Wow, I was right... least number of fouls on one team in an NBA game before tonight was 13, Lakers in '88, San Antonio in '99....
EnnBee15::Magic had 52 points in the paint. So, clearly not all jump shots.
Sterancow::Didn't see the whole game, but what I saw in the 4th was calls on one side but not the other.  When Magic went inside and were hit, no call... not so on the other end.  Probably because, as you say, Denver was more aggressive early on and the refs got used to it.  Anyway, found the record for regular season...  Dallas had 5 fouls against San Antonio in a game in '99...
Young_Guruu::Also, its not like its anything new for the Magic, they're the worst in the league at getting to the line this year.
Young_Guruu::Magic were shooting a lot of jumpers where as the Nuggets weren't shooting any. In the NBA, regardless of whether every foul is correct, the fouls tend to go in favor of the more aggressive team.
Sterancow::Oops, that was in a final.  Still trying to find the record in a regular season game...
OPENLYUGLY::Magic will set a record after the season for the worst FT differential in the history of the NBA!
OPENLYUGLY::Are there any all star type PG's coming out in the next draft?
JustineS04::Are we ever gonna learn what happened with Jameer and Faried?
Hlee196::Nelson was holding faried down low.lol
Kred28::Could be I didnt watch. I know it was mainly Ty and Gallo who sealed it but thats all I know. Dunno why we would have him hide out there behing the 3 point line though.
Young_Guruu::Faried had a couple huge alley-oops in the fourth. Really brought the Nuggets back in to it.
Loyal Sports Fan::OPENUGLY said it was just down the stretch, and Faried scored quite a bit down the stretch I believe.
Kred28::Theres no way they had Nelson on Faried too much of the game because the size difference alone would kill him. Let alone if he's as bad on the defensive side as you guys are making him out to be. He wouldve done much better than 19 points
Loyal Sports Fan::That explains why Faried went off. Whatever player Nelson guards tends to do that.
OPENLYUGLY::Only that they put Nelson on him down the stretch because he couldn't STOP either of their PG's. They had that Faried dude hiding out behind the 3 pt line, I guess they didn't want the Magic putting him on the line.
Loyal Sports Fan::I didn't watch the game. What are you talking about?
tmpFSU::good game on both sides...27 to 7 foul difference?  36 to 10 free throw attempt difference?  120 total points in the paint scored!  No one can say both teams weren't fighting hard but that's a huge disparity at the line.  Sure wish the Magic had held on to the 7 point lead down the stretch
denverboi1993::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ck-NZ6FacZ4  ------------  LOL
dcyxc2004::lol shiiiiit!!!!
OPENLYUGLY::At least the Magic will get more PING PING BALLS!
rwilliams75::I would say that also if after 35 games my team's season was already over.
rwilliams75::I guess going to the playoffs year after year is average, right?
JustineS04::Perennial first round exit is pretty mediocre, yes.
JustineS04::Coming from a Nuggets fan, believe that it's better to tank one season for a draft pick than to have a series of unending mediocre seasons.
OPENLYUGLY::Yeah, if you are not going to contend for a championship, you might as well SUCK to be able to eventually.
Loyal Sports Fan::Yup, the middle of the pack is the worst place to be. If you're not contending for a championship, you need to be contending for the top lottery pick.
JustineS04::I'm hoping Kobe has been exposed for the unlikable ball hog that he is and people stop wanting to go there for awhile.
OPENLYUGLY::I agree, the Magic have been down this road before. We draft em' and the Lakers GET EM'.
theanimal53::I feel you Orlando fans. Officiating was oblivious tonight against you.
OPENLYUGLY::Magic can't even get calls on their home court, no reason to expect them on the road.
JustineS04::Oblivious?
theanimal53::Yup.
rwilliams75::Why are Magic fans so angry?
Gabriel Night::The sad fact of the league, no Superstar no calls.
chris johnson 558::should we make a party  or what ?
asdbluecfl::Fouls 36-6...
asdbluecfl::*34-10
OPENLYUGLY::Says 27-7 in the box score.
washheightsboy3::Duuuuude.  Why was this game so close?
OPENLYUGLY::STUPID PLAY by the Magic and only getting 10 FT's the whole game.
Manimal_35::19 boards
Sterancow::Ugly win Nuggets...  Handed to you on a zebra-striped platter...  Just do the same to Lakers...  I'm out...
OPENLYUGLY::I believe Sterny forgot to call off his REF DOGS even after Stan and Dwight left.
OPENLYUGLY::Just a continuation from the rest of the season.
asdbluecfl::I rarely complain about officiating, but that was one horrible game called by the refs...
OPENLYUGLY::Magic should have kept Earl Clark.
chris johnson 558::E. Clark 22 Pts, 13 Reb, 3 Ast remember him ?
asdbluecfl::That will probably NEVER happen again.
Sterancow::How many games did it take him to have a good one???
OPENLYUGLY::He's got to PLAY! NEED PT!
Loyal Sports Fan::in a loss though
OPENLYUGLY::Beat me to it! LOL
chris johnson 558::watching the Lakers lose made it all better
rr2300::Overall good night....  Nuggets win.. Lakers lose again....
denverboi1993::How in the fu.ck was Faried -4 tonight? He got 19 points with 19 rebounds, 9 of which were offensive, only had 1 TO, shot 5-7 from the line and 7-10 everywhere else. WTF. Explain???
Kred28::That stat does not go off of individual success at all. All that measures is points wise how our team did while that player is in the game compared to how much the other team scores while that player is in the game. So out of Faried's 35ish minutes we were outscored by 4
rwilliams75::+/- = score differential while player is on the court. pretty straight forward
trojancbs562::in the middle of the third quarter he was like -17, so ending -4 looks pretty good compared to that.
JustineS04::It's a weird stat. But he was in for that 3rd quarter mess.
rr2300::cause he gives up like 25 on the other side
JustineS04::Anyway, we've got sympathy Orlando. Ty Lawson gets bulldozed most games and it goes uncalled. It's tough not being LA.
trizzo23::mcroberts and 1...10 others
OPENLYUGLY::I saw the Lakers actually "NOT" getting calls tonight against the Spurs............ REALLY! First time EVER........ have they SUNK that low?
trizzo23::7 fouls for the game dude...come on
JustineS04::I didn't notice any that were obvious blown calls. I'm sure I would've if I was rooting for the Magic. Hard to call a foul when the Nuggets weren't in the general vicinity for most of the game.
OPENLYUGLY::Nelson is TOO SHORT to guard Miller and TOO SLOW to guard LAWSON! GET A FREAKIN' BONIFIDE PG!!!!!!!!!!!!
chris johnson 558::phunky58  scoring not everything andrew is a bad defensive player
trizzo23::i have yet to see him run back on d
Sterancow::I think he'll learn.  Few rookies are very good defensively, imo...
Encore 2.2::SHUT THE F*CK UP DORIS
BvB Dortmund::Anyway GG Orlando. It's the NBA, stuff is always frustrating because the margin of error is so small.  Good luck with rebuilding. Good luck AAA.
denverboi1993::Ugly game for us. Magic were up most of the way. Thank God we had one last run in us. Go Nuggets
99 Bottles of Beer::Well I'm out. Good fight Magic. GG Nuggets fans, good luck in the West
JustineS04::Thanks, good luck to you too.
OPENLYUGLY::When you have to switch off your PG to guard a PF and put your PF on their PG because your PG can't DEFEND him, that creates even more problems.
Kred28::We will just have to agree to disagree. I would say both of those teams would.
Kred28::Wow how you saying Andre is too old to start??? Andre is still a top PG in this league on both ends of the floor and has shown plenty he can still handle starter minutes. He would be a starter on almost every team that doesn't have Lawson
denverboi1993::I call BS. There's a lot of teams that wouldn't start Miller. Houston and Golden State wouldn't start Miller.
rr2300::Ty Lawson throws up as many bricks at Kobe does.... Miller should be running the show for the nuggets as they always player better with a real LEADER, leading them.. Lawson would be perfect as the 6th man
denverboi1993::That's way too far a stretch. Lawson was a beast tonight. IDK what you're talking about. Andre is too old to start anyways.
JustineS04::To be fair, Ty Lawson is very hard to defend.
OPENLYUGLY::No, they had to try Redick on him, I'm talking about Miller.
phunky58::44 balln  as usual,  thats about 8 straight games he lit it up when  he was in .  kid could flat out play
wampuscatiam::kid needs to be playing way more minutes
phunky58::faried got no moves or silky jumper like andrew.  ur comparin  apples to oranges "bro"
phunky58::6-10 in  20 mins    alll goood
chris johnson 558::faried destroyed him bro
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::Damn, Kenneth Faried is a monster.    Way to pull it out Nuggets.
Sterancow::Played strong...
BvB Dortmund::Quit whining about the free-throws discrepancy.  Nuggets lead the NBA in points in the paint and free throws attempted.
Loyal Sports Fan::Really guys? This is such a recurring issue. Whining about the refs in a sports thread isn't going to solve anything.
BvB Dortmund::...the likelihood of getting a foul increases..
trizzo23::did you see game?...magic should have got 15-20 free throws easy
Sterancow::Which means what?  They get bailed out a lot?
Gabriel Night::Lakers take more Denver is like #4
BvB Dortmund::You guys were bombing 3's and long 2's all game.
TheCronoMasterMind::52 points in the paint...
99 Bottles of Beer::It's more of our lack of FTs
JustineS04::Nuggets played no defense whatsoever most of the game. Hard to call a foul on an uncontested shot.
99 Bottles of Beer::Nelson averages 15 and 7, but yeah he's definitely not an NBA PG
BvB Dortmund::HOOookeeddd onnn pphoooNNIICsss
chris johnson 558::he can't play defince
99 Bottles of Beer::Neither can Nash
chris johnson 558::magic fans we still competing better than lakers we must be proud of our team
Everyday im Shufflin 290::Manimal didn't your momma teach you manners
