chicago d rose::what the hell i didnt even know the bulls played yesterday and they lost again . i hate this damn team now their defense sucks so much im not used to them getting whooped around like this.
Terry 1953::Hey Bulls, you guys should trade D.Rose the guy is a bum
Our President Can Ball::Yeah baby!  Rip City.....this one was for 1992.
parafal::u can have a reg season win... ill take a finals series win
Derrick McGee::Does anyone know when we get the Bobcat draft pick....
mccoywajmu::top 12 protected next year..top 10 the year after that.  Then i think its top 5 or so protected
El Guapo728::Bulls r dumb for weaking their team when their best player will be out for more then half the season. Should  of kept Kover cause he was the most consistent shooter on the team. Also they should of signed Lou Williams cause he is a better offensive weapon then nat.
parafal::they signed who they did cause they have no cap space left.   they just need to play .500 ball til Rose gets back and hopefully that is at the all star break
mccoywajmu::Lou Williams is shooting 38% this season...he is making 5 million dollars a year..and i love the love for korver all of sudden.  Like if they would of kept Korver their offense would of been so much better then what it is right now.  Korver was and is overpaid.  Time to move on.  And after coming off the worst season of his career their was no way the bulls were going to commit 20 million and 4 years to Jamal Crawford.
01Bulls4life::You are telling me that they did have a choice to get Lou Williams?    I'm glad I'm also not the only one that thinks that they should had kept Korver.  Also.. not sure if J. Crawford was feasible... but I wish we could landed someone like him as well.
01Bulls4life::I guess next person on injured reserve will be Thibs... You think he was losing his voice then... just wait
Martin44841::dear thibs , you are known for your defence , whats happenning . they were thinking of replacing you during the summer , no wonder they gave you a 2 year deal .
parafal::definitely lost some defense over the summer but you had to let Asik walk hes not worth 8 million per
mccoywajmu::They gave thibs a 4 year deal
_Furious_::No Asik, no Ronnie Brewer, no CJ Watson - those guys were all very good defenders, and they are all gone now. I don't know if people thought that it wasn't going to matter, but clearly it does. Can't blame the coach if the players are not the same.
CBass1317::Sam Mitchell: "You just got beat.  You just gave 100 points on the road for the fourth straight time.  You got to worry about whats going on in your locker room  -- you got your own problems.  Let Portland tell their guy thats not OK."  Smart man.
L_hop::Did someone call the whaaaaaaambulance? Maybe get mad about the loss, not about some rookie adding an unnecessary two points at the end.
01Bulls4life::Last years Bulls = Windows 7 This years Bulls = Windows ME
pearlmaxx::Damian Lillard is in a league of his own.  This guy doesn't even let the clock run out.  Don't guard him, he's going to score the ball, regardless.
Graycap23::Bench? The Starters on the Bulls stink.
pearlmaxx::Nah, it's just that the Blazers starters are really really good.
Graycap23::True.
01Bulls4life::Yes... but at least last year bench could always back the starters when they were not in the game... This year the don't have that luxury to rely on the bench to get them out of a possible loss.    I think what the truly needed was GOOD starter and let everything else how it was.
Graycap23::A real GM would have known that...............the bench was fine as it was.
01Bulls4life::The Bulls only needed 1 more player to help Rose.... Heck even adding Robinson would had been ok I guess.  But getting rid of a solid bench for this new bench is going to haunt this team.    I know it's early but still....the old Bulls Bench could had been a team of their own and be a 2nd or 3rd seed themselves...
parafal::at this point just hope rose gets back soon. they cant beat the heat with this squad. amnesty Boozer bring in another all-star caliber player might need to get rid of Noah or Deng everyone else is expendable
pearlmaxx::"Trail Blazers beat back Bulls"?
JusChilln345::Say it five times fast! haha
Graycap23::Reality check. As long as Gar/Pax is running this team, the bulls will not make the Finals or win a title.  10 years and counting 4 Pax,..........and Gar who cares.
Graycap23::Why would Rose want 2 return 2 this roster? U will NEVER win a title with this roster. (including Rose)
superman253540::Right now, I would pay Carlos Boozer to let me help him move out of Illinois.
DribbleDrive01::The bulls are at .500, please, be patient... I know things don't look so great, but the west coast trip has seldom been kind. The sky is not falling.
Graycap23::It's been 10 years with Pax. How long are we talking about?
ChiTownNational...NL-NFL-NBA-NHL::In reality, and unfortunately, we're talking about being patient until Rose is back and up to whatever level he's going to get to... which if we're lucky...he's back late this season and then up to whatever his new top form will be by a month into next year. Until then let's give these guys some time to gel. Plus the team has the luxury of finding out what the two youngest guys can do. Having said all that, GarPax is not the issue it's sox loving Reinsdorf...you know, Mr. "Basketball is a great, great sport. Baseball is a religion." Look up the quote.
angeleon197::The Bulls really miss last season's bench, at least Asik, Brewer, and Korver's scoring. I think Asik really complemented Taj's game, who is struggling to find a rhythm so far this season. A lot of folks think Asik was not good enough to receive that third year that Houston offered, I think they are wrong. He might not be good enough now, but with further development by Thibs, Asik could have become the next Tyson Chandler. When we had Chandler the Bulls gave up on him, now? He is a starting center, in New York, plays great defense, which is how you win championships, and scores the occasional basket. I think the Bulls really made a bad decision in letting Asik go.
cancersmasher::Blessing in disguise.  Hope the bulls fall out of contention very early forcing garpax to gut what they can.   Noah is the only bull worth keeping.  I hope the bulls win 30 games at most so they have a shot at a good rookie and so rose stays far away this year.  Deng simply is not good enough to be anything but a third or fourth option at best.
01Bulls4life::I wonder what hurts Rose more... the injured ACL or the effort on this new team?  He may just not want to come back this year since he'll probably know he will have to do EVERYTHING again.
btpkk::good to see Boozer is earning his money
superman253540::I wish I could half $@% it at work like he does and still keep my job
.New_York_For_The_Win.::Bulls suck without Rose
btpkk::they had a good bench last year
01Bulls4life::Tell me about it.............Last years bench could had been a team of their own and be 2nd seed.
01Bulls4life::Now they do... they didn't last season...
01Bulls4life::Not the greatest feeling when you wake and look at the final score and your team lost again!!!  I really miss the old bench!!!  The old bench would eat this new team alive!!! Well... I sure hope the new practice arena they are building will do them real good... Because they do need a lot of practice!
_Stay_Classy_::I really thought this Bulls team would be better than this. Hopefully it's just the early season adjustment phase and they'll get better as the season wears on and players get more accustomed to each other.
01Bulls4life::Me too... but  I don't think it's about adjustment... I sadly think is just they way this new team is...  Hopefully i'm wrong.. but that's what I think.
Cool Sun 13::What do y'all think of this trade?    Asik, Harden, Delfino, Douglas, Patterson, and White to the Bulls for 2 1st round picks, Deng, Butler, and Noah
CBass1317::Would be flat out terrible for the Rockets.
Graycap23::Why would anyone in their right mind want Noah &amp; Deng?
NW-Prophet82::Looking better. Worse we can go now is 5-77.
BaySports226::Lol.  Lets hope that doesn't happen!
Le-Goat::Like I predicted before the season.  Struggling to stay around .500 and fighting for that final spot in the playoffs
kagemusha19::Nah, there's a legit chance of winning the division, depending on how the Bucks keep playing (forget Indy), which would be a 4 seed. The East is so bad this year that 42 wins could buy a 6 seed, if not a 5.  There's a really good chance that the 7 and 8 seeds in the East this year are under .500.
SGO DucksnBlazers::He Hollinger! I told you so! 27 wins? Paaaaleeeeaaaassseee
I Got The Jokes Haha::Im a bulls fan and I said before the season started that Gar Forman and John Paxson sucked and without rose this team is a bunch of overpaid role players the only person you should keep is noah ....rose and noah everyone else can go
Graycap23::Deng is the worst All-star ever named 2 the team. He was only there because his coach was coaching the team.
BruceLee-roy1::noah and maybe Taj
SGO DucksnBlazers::Come on.... Deng is a good player! He was an All-Star last year!
RTrevino027::Should of kept Korver
Kit Ramsey::Thibs is not coaching right and his substitution pattern is F ucked up. U cannot put in 4 bench guys like last year, this is a different group, u have to replace 1 at a time, but make sure 2 starters are on the court at ALL TIMES and let J.Teague play more instead of that chucker Robinson. He had more point guard poise in that Boston game than Hinrich and Robinson combined.
Kobe 6-24 Game 7 Finals::Glad the Bulls got stuck with Boozer haha
Kit Ramsey::Boozer is not being used right, he should be the first option just like he was in Utah, but Thibs offensive system is terrible, it was terrible last year, he got a little lucky with the bench in the regular season, but in the playoffs he had no clue. And that's why they lost to the Sixers, the bench mob could NOT SCORE and he had no system to help them score.
cancersmasher::Yes the coach of the year is terrible and not the out of shape, no heart, can't play defense boozer.  We should create an pick and pop offense for boozer when we have Kirk and Nate as our pg's.  Makes total sense as neither can dribble or pass very well
Buezejones::Lillard=ROY
alaskangeeky::But still better knees
cowpoke85::He meant Rookie of the Year...haha
wayde1213::with better knees
jschaf4::nice catch wayde1213
gatorfan15151::dam Noah almost got another triple double thats my boy he's def the best passing big man in the league
Kit Ramsey::He needs to block some damn SHOTS!!
LeBron - Greatest of all Dang Time - James::There's a few guys crying in the locker room right now  -Tom Thibodeau
SWIFTSLICK::Only the Heat coach would say that. In fact he did say that.
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::-Coach Spo
WonTheDay::Lillard &gt; Lebron
ryanbard123::Blazer fan here- you're dreaming.  Best we could possibly hope for is a Rose or Wade comparison... even then, we're 2-3 years away.  He's really dang good though!!!!   Maybe he's just his own beast!  If he can end up being an 21 and 9 guy, what more could you possibly ask for!!?  And who do you compare him to?  He's Lillard.
Boshingtang::You wouldn't be saying that if Lebron was on your team.
vikings1590::All Bulls fans saying that their bench sucks? Have you not seen Portland's bench??
Toppingman::Ronnie Price's 10 points was the first and only double digit performance by a bench player so far. The spurs bench outscored us 61-4 earlier to haha
ryanbard123::Remember Toppinham- in that game, our starters also outscored theirs by 50+
SWIFTSLICK::Considering that most of our fans are in Chicago I'm gonna say yes, we haven't seen your bench other than this game.   Btw, have you seen our bench? I think it's missing.
BaySports226::Yeah today was like an offensive explosion for our bench, lol.
GeorgeTownMan29::Remember when people actually thought Boozer was good?
SWIFTSLICK::Remember when everyone thought Boozer was a dick for leaving Lebron? Then Lebron staged the decision and now everyone thinks he's a dick? Ah, good times.
Alejandra7788::No lol
Bball fan 23::Tats all thanks to dwill n Sloan
BaySports226::B Roy is having knee surgery again?  Damn dude...
NW-Prophet82::Really?
ryanbard123::Blazer fan- bummer.
soxmandan90::This is a .500 team. I've said since the season started. It's not a bad thing, but there's no one to score. They'll be hovering around .500 all season until Rose comes back, look I'm as big a Bulls fan as the next guy, but time to look at it objectively. If the Bulls prove me and a lot of other fans wrong, I'll be very happy. Gotta keep grinding tho, GO BULLS!
GeorgeTownMan29::ROY between Lillard and Davis
Strobes503::thats been the consensus for the past several months, where you been captain obvious.
BaySports226::Most likely.
LeBron - Greatest of all Dang Time - James::GOODNIGHT BULLS FA.GGOTS  not really
Alejandra7788::Ummm...Rose should sit out this season lol
LeBron - Greatest of all Dang Time - James::he should
johndomenow::Assit of the NIGHT!! Metta World Peace Touch down pass!! and CONGRATS TO PAU GASOL 15000 points.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3AmZ_-RbkY
jschaf4::Was that filmed with a potato?
an unbias objective chicago fan::Lakers suck.
Carbon-based::Send noah to the lakers let him win don't let him rot
ben_ps69::Because the Lakers look real good...
Carbon-based::Bulls are done
Kobelies247::Blazers playing better than the Ducks!   LMFAO!
MattN1013::Chicago couldn't flop their way outa this one
Terrance26611::KWAME SHOULD GET MVP
