James Byrd::The Celtics have enough talent to be in the playoffs. They need to be more consistent. They have lost a lot of games after blowing big leads. It all starts with defense and rebounding.
Elizabeth Rene Daniels Harkins::If you say so!!!! :) LOL ....and practice drills, right?
Shanny Salcedo::Jerryd Bayless & Jordan Crawford are gonna drive this team to the ground with their ill-advised shots....Who will take more shots?
Grog Grogan::were getting tacos tonite in denver! fellas
Justin A Barnes::You're doing it C's........only 5.5 games away from worst record in the NBA!!!  Keep on keeping on....
Tony Hartmann::Ring the bell. The Nuggets just hung 103 on the Celtics in 3 quarters.
Ryan Eggers::Alright lets get this Denver and get back to .500
Nick Loewenstein::Jared Sullinger is dirty.  Ejected !
Danny Leavitt::Love the shirt. Broncos going to the Superbowl!
Aube Rouge::Embarrassing. To put it mildly.
Liam Sibson::Celtics on a 1-7 tear. Is it going to be 1-8?  Who am I kidding, this team is going to finish 20-62
Tony Hartmann::Wow! This game got ugly fast.
Steven Rivera::C's are done, stick a fork in'em
Jeff Brown::Let the beat downs continue.
Shoot Jung::Nuggets all the way!
Kevin J. Gulbransen::I'm glad Shaw has finally closed in on real rotation of 9 players. I am glad to see Hamilton, Randolph, and both Millers riding the pine. I like Dre but it's time for him to be traded, we can't have him and Robinson. And I'm not totally crazy about Fournier but he has a more well-rounded skill set than Hamilton. I think we should trade McGee also. He's not polished enough to be a starter, and Mozgov is more consistent, fits with the team better, and knows his role off the bench.
Shawn-Hlee Hawj::Who's going to take McGee?
Danny Leavitt::Nyobzoo Hawj McGee should back up Mozzy
Alan Pettyjohn::Nuggets seem to be coming out of the funk... For all the doomsday pedictions, Shaw has the team only one game behind last years W-L record after 34 played (18-16 last year) AND he's due to get some reinforcements back from injury soon...  looking up!
Danny Leavitt::I love Andre Miller but it does seem the team is way faster with Nate Robinson coming first. The Celtics are completely confused. All the can do is grab someone as they go by.
Shawn-Hlee Hawj::I don't know why nuggets have to lose 8 straights and then trying to win another 3 or 4 straight? Can they just play like tonight... Dang it.
Mark Robert Jones::Boy, these Nuggets sure have stepped it up without Miller in the lineup. Maybe they should just keep him out...
Gary Wheatley::I think he is seriously on the way out Mark. he could have played tonight but wasn't even at the pepsi center. nba writers are saying multible teams are interested.  Dallas, even OKC cause of Westbrook being out, Sacramento, etc.  there was reports that it could happen in the next 24 to 48 hours.
Mark Robert Jones::Gary Wheatley After the season ender last year, I was surprised he was brought back this year. We should be able to get something for him for sure.
Tony Hartmann::The Nuggets delivered a curb stomping to the C's tonight.
Danny Leavitt::Why are the starters still in?
Chelo Mejias::Bleed Green, let's smack the nuggets in the mowf
Martin Lee::lets go Celtics!!!!
Danny Leavitt::130?
Maiara Cesario::they need to dump bayless and crawford
Danny Leavitt::Crawford seems to not want to ever pass.
Saulo Silveira::Why is Olynyk, Bradley and Green not playing now? Are we showcasing the veterans for a trade???
