Dale Davis had to tape his wang to his leg::Poop
dom5359::fear the deer baby can they b stopped
mackfactor::I really hope Hibbert turns it around, but this is the guy who we all knew he was. He shies away from the big time. Right now he's rebounding the same as 6' 8" Paul George and scoring as much as bench player Tyler Hansbrough. That's not a max money player
TARHEEL064::Great job John Henson!!!  10 buckets in 8 minutes!!!!
jon_1129::10 buckets would equate to more than the 10 points* he had.
neverstoppers23::bucks are really putting it together. and they have not even been close to playing their great ball of the year. Ersan is shooting something like 30 percent of offense, his jump shot will come along, along with his other offensive moves.  now on the defenisve end. is where we need help. and we will get it in mbah a moute. durrant called him a top 3 defender in the league, and if the best pure scorer in the league says it, that comes with a great deal of respect. he should be back in a couple weeks. december mid.   so thats good.
tturr12::Bucks are taking this division! Sorry Bulls and Pacers...maybe next year :) GO BUCKS GO!
jon_1129::It appears the Bucks have actually gotten some decent talent through the draft recently for a change. I always felt like they drafted with an almost scared mentality. Like, we don't want any star divas on our team kinda thing. They have some good young players tho, and hopefully continue to add pieces here and there and become a top 3-4 team in the East.
Mr. Bradford::Crazy to see the attendance only at 11,000 and change. Come on, Milwaukee, you're better than that. Even the Creighton versus the AUB Blazers pulled in 15,000 and change.
JustinTimeHeHe::If I have a hurt player in fantasy B-ball, should i put him on the bench or UTIL? What is UTIL? does the bench score points? And should i rotate everyday depending on who is playing that day? Thankyou, please help
azwildcat6867::I started betting a system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made around 3K a month for 3 consecutive months now using this system. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching the words Sports Betting System.
stat3250::Should I do this trade?  I get: Kyrie Irving and Marcin Gortat. I give up: Lebron James and drop Seraphin
stat3250::Should I do this trade?  I get: Kyrie Irving and Marcin Gortat. I give up: Lebron James and drop Seraphin
chocomil25::are u guys done defending that trash known as hibbert?
BURNER8585::Whoa, why is everyone thinking that the Pacers are a bad team?  Dang, fair weather fans at it's finest.  Bucks fans talkin smack I can see, but Pacer fans should not be hanging their heads 6 games deep.
tracyfwin::I think the issue is not a six game record as much as the way they look doing it.  There appears to be no pride on this team.  Sure, they're missing a key team member.  How do you respond?  This Pacer team folds its tent and stinks up the place.  I hope Hibbert invested his guaranteed portion well.  Shameful leadership!
BURNER8585::We haven't even got Ersan movin around yet.  Once he finds his groove, we should have some nice win streaks this year.
Crazy8s_stl_erie::BUCKS!
water12345::OMG, how does losing granger make this team so pathetic....just can't be that only
tracyfwin::Well, that's it.  We can officially declare a bottom when Bucks fans are talking smack to ANYONE!    This is ugly.
chocomil25::bunch of dumbasses obviously , a top 3 center doesnt get benched like he did tonight, he got benched cuz he sucks and got paid and turned into crap. face it Pacer fans, u have one of those type of players in him, got a fat check and thats enough for him
Flash Barrett::And their fans wanted him traded so George could be the star...they also think Hibbert is a top 3 center
Flash Barrett::Pacer fans still confident that they will win the Central and are a top 3 team?
adavisrc09::LOL Pacers are rollin....
Hokies540Nats::Well the Pacers need to build for 3 years (as should every team in the league)  NOBODY is touching the heat  the next 3 years..Trade Granger, Hibbert, West.  Get as much value out of them as possible and build through the draft..there's some good talent coming up.  No point in getting beat in the 2nd round or getting the 8th seed.  We need a star.  Its a team full of secondary scorers.  No star player in Indy since Reggie
saxitone::Everybody on this board are true bucks fans. It's crazy to me how many people will probably be on the bandwagon if they end up going to the playoffs. The fear the dear year was my first 2nd one going to a playoff game other than 06 but it  was crazy how packed that arena was
rusticulis::I've been to all 4 home games. I'm in the Squad. You can see us jumping around all game.
Sancho1013::I've been to games at the Horse Shoe, the Metrodome &amp; Cameron Indoor...but one of those Bucks playoff games vs Atlanta a few years ago (I think it was game 4) was beyond deafening.  That arena is a noise vector when the fans show up.
BigPappaW::its early
Goon5832::Thats true fair weather fans only around when they winning
panther4406::I was at game 6 of the 2001 eastern conference finals, child. You don't even know what packed is.
panther4406::Milwaukee. Support The Team.
ivanwenzel24::fear the deer
Kmull152::Indiana is really falling apart without Granger. http://www.milkwasabadchoice.weebly.com
Kmull152::Hibbert is not playing up to standard and I'm still waiting for George to take it to that next level.
packersfanfrom89::The Pacers are a really, really bad team right now.
nathanstratton13::Man, the Pacers are just flat out a bad team right now.  Their offense is horrible and the defense is suffering because of it.  Who would have thought Danny Granger being out would have caused this much of a decline.
Mr. Bradford::I called it a 96-82 Bucks win. Not too far off.
stickgril::Great job Milwaukee....keep it up
d_bokk::i was at work and missed the game, anyone able to tell me about Sander's flagrant foul? I had a feeling he was going to go Larry on someone tonight.
Miller Park After Dark::PROST!
PeterPPK::I think that at this moments the Bucks are probably favorites to win the Central. If not, they have to be favored to at least make the playoffs as a 6 seed or better.
Steve_Urkel_::Hello Pacer fans! Are you still favorites to win the central?   Wait, forget winning the central, will you guys make the playoffs?
kybuckiOSU::3 things Pacers needing are not happening - 1) George become a go to scorer 2) Hibbert continue to develop 3) Hill to run the offense
420Legendz::don't forget no Larry Bird
itsatrap123::Pecs.
pico2013::wHATS uP Pacersssssssssssssssssssssssssssss? Was Wrong with this Pacers team? Should we fire vogel?
MidehiItsFrench::The team is too soft.
420Legendz::No, BRING BACK LARRY BIRD DAMMIT
DeerandBeer91::Im out.. Go Bucks!!
WIstormchaser4321::The road to 80-2 rolls on
wegood736::"Who is Lance Stephenson?"  -LeBron James
KN_WisconsinFan::Only 75 more wins
ontheinside712::wonder if I could get a tryout con el pacers. lead my summer league in scoring.............
MetDownUnder::Roy Hibbert averages so far this season - approx 8 pts / 8 rebounds. In a conference devoid of quality big men. Just awful
rcole86::Definitely worth a MAX deal.....
420Legendz::thats why the NBA removed the center position off the all-star ballot. Too many men wearing girls clothes at the center spot
MetDownUnder::Is a far cry from the 90s when Hakeem, Robinson, Ewing, Mourning, Shaq, Mutumbo, etc were patrolling the paint. Hell, I'll take Rick Smits over most of the bigs in the league today.
7810Michael::george hill 1 for 10 from the field its his team he has to be better for this team to go anywhere
MetDownUnder::Throw Hibbert in that also
SKaralekas::My prediction, Bucks by 14...LOL! Good nite all!!
420Legendz::Pacers have a bunch of non-athletic guys
rcole86::we have a 7 footer that can't dunk.
hoops 112hoping::EVER HEARD OF PAUL GEORGE? GERALD GREEN? seen their dunks maaaybe?
420Legendz::After that who is athletic? Ummm NO ONE!!
buckspackers23::Fuck the Pacers and their garbage time points.
dcenate004::The twig is scoring all over that garbage pacers defense
buckspackers23::Udrih with 10 assists.
bengalsrgay43034::Well darn I guess we suck again.  At least last year was fun.
SKaralekas::The Pacers covering the 4 in the 2nd half, impressive!
I like the Packers::I'm out. See ya Saturday Bucks fans
