mello_sucks::honestly, i dont think blake griffin is as good as he is hyped up to be, why was he takin jump shots? He is a post up dunk player and he didnt do much las night. Chris and Chauncy really saved the day for the clips.  The clippers got kinda lucky to make as many three pointers as they did.  The clippers points in the paint were pretty pathetic they really need to work at that if they are thinking about beating the nuggets when we come into LA.  Def cannot count on makin all those 3s again.
Resident_Guido::Clippers were +21 w/ Blake on the court. The two man game between Paul and Blake was the reason they came back from 10 down in the 4th. He also had 4 blocked shots.   As for his jumper, it's a work in progress. He had an off night from the perimeter.
DNuggs2350::Anyone else hear griffen drop the f bomb haha that was funny, but nuggets got them next game! go Nuggys!!
ustna::Nene = "nuh-nay" or "nay-nay"?
jayeteee::Your first attempt is the proper way to say it. Scott Hastings butchers it continuously.
ricksiter9::Clippers played tight, especially down the stretch. They deserve credit for a big win, but I am wondering why no mention in the article that Lawson did not suit up? Isn't that kind of a big deal, especially going against CP3 and Chauncey?
arkent892::Definitely the absence of Lawson should've been mentioned. He is the best player and motor of the Nuggets team. Especially against a fast-paced team like the Clippers, his presence would have allowed the Nuggets to better control the game. CP3 ran the game and did it with ease due to Ty's injury.
dradam69::As a Nugget fan I will give it to the Clips, they shot lights out. They had to in order to beat the Nuggets, The Nuggets are a better team but they played lousy. The match-ups at the end of the game were jaw-dropping to say the least. Gallo/Harrington on CP3? WTF. I have no idea what Karl was thinking. Why didn't he put in Afflalo? Poorly played and coached effort last night by the Nugs. They will bounce back.
Resident_Guido::The Nuggets depth will keep them in a lot of games, especially during those 4 games in 5 nights stretches. Don't get me wrong, they're a great team... but #2 in the West is a bit of a stretch, but then again who knows? It's a going to be a wild season w/ the effed up schedule, injuries and usual drama.    Gallo looks great though and NeNe is no slouch. One of them needs to be in the All-Star game. Hopefully the coaches get one of them in.
Resident_Guido::Clips went 2-1 on their only B-B-B. If you think playing the Lakers on their court are home games think again. It's completely different. Different locker rooms, different bench, different crowd, different court. The only thing making it a home game is sleeping in your own bed. Ha.   Yes, they have had more days off, but have yet to play any of the Sacramentos or New Orleans' of the NBA world, but going 5-0 on a road trip is impressive for the Nuggets (or any team for that matter).   My major point is that it's too early to tell who the top teams are going to be. Give it another month. Look at the Jazz, they still have a winning record, we all know they aren't making the playoffs.
Pusherman3::We'll talk after Feb. I believe 16 of next 18 for Nugs are teams with winning records.   It is going to be a brutal month for them.
Resident_Guido::Wouldn't say the Clips played their best game either last night. Butler was off all night and he's been the most consistent wing player all season. In fact through three quarters they were mediocre at best, plus Denver got every bounce and had everything going their way. Even that Fernandez tip-in at the buzzer.   CP3 and Blake stepped up big in the 4th, because that's what All-Stars do. Chanucey was vintage Chauncey in the clutch as well.   Denver and the Clippers have both beaten the same teams: Dallas, Miami, Lakers, but the Clippers have had a much tougher schedule. Their strength of schedule has been .564 (4th toughest) to the Nuggets .477 (one of the weakest).   Still too early to say who the better "team" is, but the Clips certainly have the clutch players to pull of 4th quarter wins as they have all season (sans Minnesota's buzzer beating loss).
Pusherman3::Clips have had a tougher schedule but haven't played nearly as many games and should be more fresh and less injured (nugs were without Lawson, AAA and Rudy last week).   Nugs played against the weak eastern teams but it was a long road trip and they went 5-0.  Also, Nugs are on the way to their 2nd back to back to back this weekend (killer, Clips (in LA), Lakers (home), Blazers (in Portland)).  Who made that insane schedule ?????  Have the Clips had one B to B to B?  Not to mention, the Clips games against the Lakers are home games...at least as far as location.
ryanspradlin::I am a Nuggets fan and I thinks it's debatable. I don't see a lot of differences between the Nuggets, Spurs, Clippers, Lakers, and Mavs... the only team that stands out as a clear favorite right now is OKC.   I think the Nuggets can play with any team in the West but I'm not surprised to see them beat or lose to good teams. The one thing the Nuggets will have down the stretch that might make a difference is bench depth. Denver can continue to bring quality guys off the bench to keep their players fresh and that will make a difference, especially this year with all of the back to back to back games in the shorter schedule.
Clipshow07::You guys are a good team, but I think it is debatable who is better. Last night we were better due to some fortunate 3pt shooting. I'd say these teams are very close and on any given night one team can beat the other. Contrary to most all previous Clipper teams, we actually made some good adjustments in the 4th quarter, didn't give up, and Del Negro actually made some good decisions. Most previous Clipper teams would've folded like a plastic lawn chair!!
Greg_T60::As much as I like Chauncey and thought the welcome back to Denver was classy, maybe the Nuggets overdid it a little
EastSacTay::The Clips will be really scary come playoff time especially with the addition of Kenyon Martin.
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::If they get him...no deal yet..
Pusherman3::GKs poor rotations killed the Nuggets last night.  Brewer switching on Blake?  Gallo on CP3?  Al was playing poorly and shouldn't have been in at the end.    George, occasionally try and play a C in the 4th quarter, especially when you are getting out rebounded by the Clips 3 guard line-up.
jayeteee::And why wasn't Andersen in the game at all? It was pretty obvious we needed defense last night.
Pusherman3::Bird is pretty bad.
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::because Birdman is awful defensively.
paul2285::Billups had the game of his life launching desparation 3's that went in, tough game for the Nugz they'll have to bounce back because this next week looks brutal!!
Clipshow07::I'm talking about the Clips actually.
Clipshow07::I agree, many of those three's were desperation and chucked up because the lack of movement on offense and the inability to run any offense. Our offense too many times dribbles the ball up the court and just remains really stagnate passing the ball around until the shot clock runs out. We have to run some better offense or the great defensive teams are going to lock us down.
EpicPicks::So what you're saying is that Denver needs better PG play to facilitate the offense?
28denverfan::not really billups had his best game against the LAL two years ago scoring 37 points and hit 9-12 3 pointers when melo was hurt
Pusherman3::That was a great game by Billups.
Clipshow07::Solomon Jones could be one of the worst players I've ever seen in the NBA!! Did you guys see that clown roaming around last night like he had absolutely no idea what he was doing - coming out to help on the picks and having no clue at all how to get back to his man on defense. If we don't get another power forward who can come off the bench and play defense AND score we will not be able to hang with the better teams.
EastSacTay::Kenyon Martin!
Clipshow07::I have to admit, I couldn't watch the 4th quarter, I thought for sure our bench was going to give that game up right after we went on that 3pt binge at the end of the third a few bench players came in and we went 0-for-6 from the field. I have to admit, Del Negro has done a nice job with the lineup the past few games having the right players in at the right time. Our starters carried the load last night. Our bench minus Mo is laughable!!
storkmuncher000::Clippers always have the Nuggets' number.....tough game to watch for a Nuggets fan. Hard to see the Clips knock down constant longball and see the Nuggets miss so many layups in the waining minutes of the game....hopefully payback on Thursday night
Clipshow07::Yeah, that was a prime example of "do or die with the long ball". We got lucky making that many 3's....the rematch is going to be real tough. We played horrific defense all night. Gallinari was "ole"ing to the rim at will!!
Clipshow07::Yeah, that's why I was pretty surprised we won that. The Nugs seemed to have  us down and out so for that reason it was a pretty significant win for us, especially on the road against a good team.
28denverfan::even though imma nuggets fan i really like how the clippers stepped up in the fourth.cuz the nuggets had them beat but they just couldnt put them away
28denverfan::if i wanted one person to go off and end the nuggets hot streak we couldnt have got beaten by a better person in chauncey billups.........this is the best loss the nuggets had all year....congrats billups hope next year we'll trade miller for you
jjtorres83::The Nuggets can't buy a call if they wanted to ... without Chauncey, the Clips are a 0.500 team.
b2msbro::Ill be at the game thursday night... I might just have to murder a die hard clippers fan... well see :P
RenQuist28::Rudy's no-look tip in at the buzzer was so sick
Pusherman3::His play in the  4th was not.
clippersfan2407::You would think People would be happy for clips after all these years but they aren't its cool hate on (it is better then a bunch of bandwagon fans). Yes blake complains to much watch the games and you see Chauncey and Chris talk to him about it. Yes right now love is better. Yes the announcers say he gets by with his Jumping skills. Now on the other side they talk highly of how much his jump shot has improved in one year. yes he shoots horrible free throws. with his work ethic that will improve. I quite remember one of the greatest pf's ever shot 50% from the line in his first two years. Who was that a little guy named Karl Malone. This is a 22 year old kid who openly admits he has weaknesses in his game. yet he is averaging 21 and 11 while be doubled almost every time he goes near the basket. So if he improves his ft shooting and his jump shot in the off season as much as he improved his jump shoot this past one? Then will people respect him. Probably not. If we win a championship will he get any credit? Probably no. The fact of the matter is this kid works harder then almost anyone in the league to try to improve at the game he loves. He leaves everything he has on the court every day even last year when the clips were losing horribly. Not like some spoiled  people like dh or melo who do'n't show up half the time because they are sulking about being on a team they do want to be with. If love is so great why wouldn't Minnesota give him a max deal? Why haven't other players lined up to play with love like they have griffin? Why would the clips refuse to give up griffin for dh? And lastly would orlando even trade dh for love? These are the questions that truly show who will be better 5 years from now and who will be the next Malone with no ring and who will be sitting around with at least two. Just saying
b0xhead69::Good job Clippers......   You all got to keep it up....
diehardnr1::PAYBACK COMING....  Nuggs will have Lawson and a chip on their shoulder in the rematch....possible Nuggz blowout Clipps in LA...
diehardnr1::Well...if Nuggz gotta get spanked, it may as well b e Chauncey that does it.  This game shows how important Lawson is to the team success....Harrington and Gallo started looking like old Melo days for too long stretches....  IMO Huge loss and a possible harbinger for the dreaded "slump" that usually hits Nuggz when everything is going right...  GO NUGGETS!!!
Opragman::Thunder are going to be number one but anybody after that is going to be a real horse race.  Nuggets are in the race and when you are in the race, anything can happen and the team thats goes into the playoffs running hot can go a long ways.
Opragman::tough lose but like you said, no Lawson.  Nuggets will be fine and are just going to get better in time.  They are not gong to win them all. Nor is any other team in the league. I still see them as a top four seed come playoff time.
diehardnr1::recent Home woes aside, a top 2 seed is needed for Nuggz to have any success in playoffs...Home court will be huge in playoffs as the WCF run proved.
Soonerhopeful1::I missed the Play I steped away......But the referenced  " flop"  was the Charge  or Offensive foul called  against Nene in the last  minute, Correct me if I am wrong.... I guess it was Billups..but Nene is huge just as huge  as with Griffin, well almost, but  they can knock the little guys down and not even know it or realize it..  If it was Griffin being shoved, they would have never called it, it would have been a jump fight for the lob pass to Nene.....But it was Billups,  a Little guy fronting a  real big guy..the big guy cannot push him at all on a lob pass or get a foul...Nene  " did " push him. don't know how much...He shouldn't have pushed him at all..Come on, a little guy fronting him and on a lob pass.. Bad form to question this call, or trash Billups.        Did Billups take advantage of a small push and Nene mistake... you bet he did... I am shocked how good an actor he is.... Don't you wish Billups was still doing this for Denver...?
Resident_Guido::Yeah, as Clippers fan I will agree. They were letting them play down low the whole game. Then in the closing minutes they decided to call it extra tight.   On both ends Griffin and Nene were getting hammered most of the game, then at the end Chauncey gets pushed and it's a foul. I was surprised to see that call made, but then looking back at it... you can't really swallow your whistle in that situation. You gotta make a call.   That's the NBA though.
diehardnr1::I had no problem with the supposed flop....  My problem was the disparity of just what defines a foul.  3 and a half quarters of open season on the Nuggz bigs and then 5 minutes of nitpick calls....  Call the game the same from beginning to end is all I ask.
tstruckzies6024::Lost a lot of respect for Billups tonight. "Mr. Big Flop"
Resident_Guido::It's crafty. He's a crafty vet.
ludaban22::yeah that was one of his moves that the refs fell for.  he sneaks his arm in and hooks the big mans arm, then when the big guy shakes free he hits the deck and gets the call.  the refs should be better than that but ive seen him do that move and it work on lots of refs.
diehardnr1::hey...we all loved his theatrics when he was a Nugget....just saying
MKG_Floater::Did you also lose respect for Nene for pushing billups? Come on, he clearly shoved him so what did you expect "Mr. Big Flop" to do? Let Nene get an easy basket? Of course billups exaggerated it, but Nene should'nt have done what he did.  Get over it and look forward to the next matchup between these guys, because it was still a great game between two good teams.
Soonerhopeful1::I think Deandre Jordan was Second leading vote getter for Centers of the Western Conference.... Behind Bynum...
CandySparker::DeAndre Jordan for All Star
ludaban22::he's a good young player but he got caught a lot in the air last night.  had some good blocks but also blew it several times falling for head-fakes.  he reminds me of a young marcus camby
paulyseed::Clippers can now win on the road. Look out Oklahoma City tomorrow night. DJ is awesome and well worth the contract extension he got this offseason. I have voted for him about 40 times already. lol
diehardnr1::please ado...but I doubt it....
Jg2.o::Sorry surfer, I tried to explain below, but the okie will represent the voice of the Clippers.  The voice of reason.
Soonerhopeful1::As to coherent,,,, What are you trying to say..?  Some how it is my fault you cannot explain something.... you see I know where the 30% comes from..From an individual stat person,  who claims and figures out Griffins shooting outside of the lane or dunks, of 18 foot shots or longer..including 3 point shots.  I have heard this..! Don't know how accurate it is ..But probably Junk stats.      Griffin is 1 of 2 from the three point line..But one person says, he is 30 % after eliminating all low post scoring...  Many players have slumps...But when you separate some shots to make %'s. It's trying to make a point the hard way...!  The Inside info on Griffin, is he has a " Mental problem" with in game out side shots and FT....Griffin hits 90% FT in practice..And this is major reason he likes to dunk;..Can you see how he loves to Score.  Griffin believes, that why shoot from out side, when one can dunk..? He has a point, but he needs to straighten out his shooting problems for sure...Most coach's hope he doesn't.
ralphredimix::AHAHAHA When you learn that Iverson has been traded from your team you get down on your knees and thank God.. AHAHAHA I LOVE COACH KARL!! He don't play!!
ryanspradlin::Oh yeah, and this has nothing to do with tonight's game in particular but...  Dear NBA,    The calls at the end of the game should be the same as the calls at the beginning of the game, and in the middle. That's why they're called rules. If a team is down 30, it doesn't change the rules. If a team has a big market superstar, that doesn't change the rules. If the game is a nailbiter and comes down to the wire, that doesn't change the rules. Either let them play or don't let them play but stop letting the refs dictate the flow of the game, or put jerseys on them already and call it what it is.
ryanspradlin::That's my issue. There is no consistency. They control the game speed by changing up the calls when they feel like it and by handing out makeup calls for their mistakes. It's not fun to watch.
Soonerhopeful1::The refs will never be perfect or completely  and always consistent...But I want them to be balanced...Equal poor calls given to both sides, will work... I actually think they are trying their best...If calls can balance out, I can accept a miss here or a bad call there, as long as it works both ways....Then it will balance out.
Soonerhopeful1::Griffin is so bad.....even when he shoots bad... His numbers tell the tale...Griffin 17 Points, 13 rebounds, 3 assists , 4 blocks, and 1 steal...Wow... they sure should trade the bum...!!! ha ha...I hear Orlando wants Griffin, and willing to trade Howard for him.......wow....The Orlando management must be brain dead,  to want Griffin.... right Jg2  ?..
RenQuist28::They're brain dead to think they can actually get Griffin. Otis Smith must be&nbsp;retarded&nbsp;they have absolutely no leverage. Do they not understand that Dwight is going to bail and leave them with nothing?
ryanspradlin::It was fun game to watch. Two great teams both on the up. I do however wish it hadn't been soured by what was an awful call. I don't think the Nuggets deserved to win or anything but they were denied a chance to tie because of a bad whistle. That;s not fun to watch regardless of who you root for. Good game besides that though. It should be fun to watch again on Wednesday.
Soonerhopeful1::...Got a question for JG2......  Who led the NBA last year in assists...for Center and Power forwards....any one...?  How about the intellect Jg2...?
Soonerhopeful1::No it was Griffin....Best passing big man in the league and as a rookie.....Wow, they need to trade him fast...!
Jg2.o::pink.
Soonerhopeful1::I really think that Denver is better off now with Gallinari, then before with Melo....The Nuggets are young with lots of talent to develop  !  Denver fans should be happy with this teams future prospects.
posternutbags::no TY in this game = no win.  simple as that.  there is NO WAY that Chauncey could've guarded his quickness
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Chauncey can't keep up with TY's quickness PERIOD
posternutbags::Gallo is 23 yrs old.  Chauncey on a very quick TY (10 years his senior)...no way even the cagiest of vets can guard him.  I love mr. big shot and all but no way.  Gallo is somehow, someway a decent defender (ie. Knicks game vs. Melo)
SurferQ00::I'm just saying, you can't attribute the loss to 1 player.  Yes, he could have greatly changed the game, but to think that he would have had a MONSTER night is jumping the gun a little bit.  I guess we'll see on Thursday.  It's gonna be good!
SurferQ00::You can't make that claim and say that.  Half the time Gallo was on CP3, people would tend to believe that CP3 would merely DESTROY Gallo, but he only did that a couple of times.
posternutbags::but good win, clutch 3's for the Clips, i just hope we have Ty in the game vs. Julyan Stone as a starter in a few nights...his up tempo style would've worn down mr. big shot tonight i think.  We'll see in a few days!
Heiroglyphic::Anyone else surprised that the Nuggets have won 5 straight on the road, but have dropped 3 of the last 6 at home?
diehardnr1::not at all....have actually been very worried about it....seems to be a trend in DEN Sports....  Broncos sweep the AFCW on road and get swept at home...Rockies had great early season road numbers...only to suck at Coors....  Maybe the teams are using the home ad as a crutch and let up at hom, thinking altitude will save them in the 4th?
Soonerhopeful1::Game test for fans...Which Player in the Nuggets vs Clippers game, drew a double team of ever play he got the ball...?    any one..?
Jg2.o::I'm hoping you go to bed sooner than later.
Soonerhopeful1::Mr. Jg2, you should consult an NBA coach, or a Pro scout, before you make outlandish  claims about players... Who ever you favorite coach is, Ask him about Griffin.   A whole new world will open up...!
Jg2.o::Fair enough.  But as I have said, I've seen the Clippers play four times and that, coupled with what I hear people from across the board, is all I have to go by.  I'm not constantly on this board looking to hate, though I admit I could be doing something better with my time than bashing Blake Griffin.  I saw Blake on the Jimmy Kimmel show, and he seemed like a 'nice' guy.  But on the court I don't care for him much.  And then there's the thing with the Lakers, but that's understandable when the Clippers are trying to make their mark as something more than the 2nd best team in LA.  So no, I don't have any all encompassing definitive answers for you, but you have to know that there is this perception of Blake and the rest of the team.  And it's fair to speculate that this view is magnified by him being overrated; voted into a starting role at the all star game that doesn't seem deserved, winning that cheesy dunk contest - when in all actuality Javel McGee should have really won it, and then the Kia commercials, etc.  Nothing is wrong in itself, but please understand that they feed on one another.  Does that explain it?
Jg2.o::Well I was talking about the Okie, and honestly, I thought you seemed like a decent fella - being a surfer and sounding rational and all. What do you care what I think, I'm just an idiot.  Maybe you and the Okie can bond.
Jg2.o::And I have never attacked anyone on these boards unless they came at me personally. So get you facts straight.
SurferQ00::Don't go out and call others when you don't want to be attacked back.  I think you are quite a decent person, and obviously the IQ crack was a joke, but I am not to ecstatic when you bash on people just through your speculation.  That is what I claim to be a Hater
Jg2.o::Better question:  which blogger has an IQ somewhere near the number of his screen name?
SurferQ00::You.  But you seem to misplace "less than" with the word "near"
Detrocity::Fulano
Jg2.o::You can call me a number of things but not irrational......I think Blake is a good player.  THREE POINTS: he's overrated at this point.  And he $@%!$@% way too much.  (K-Love didn't complain hardly at all-from what I could tell in watching the telecast, and it was sweet irony to me when he won the game at the end.)   And the third is: I just don't like his style.  THIS IS MY MAIN POINT, and I probably wouldn't be on here if it wasn't for that opinion of mine.  And this is what the message boards are for...correct?   To voice ones opinions.  You can call me a hater, but there's many people in the country,,,fans of the NBA that agree with what I'm saying now.  He brings on the hate when he acts like such a little baby.  Capeesh????
Soonerhopeful1::I am sorry that I  have silly banter with  the simple minded....But Surfer is right...You have no sources, and are winging it.  But your doing it poorly..!
Jg2.o::go to bed while you're only a little behind.
SurferQ00::Go to bed unless you can provide some sources.
Soonerhopeful1::ha ha.............did jg2 answer the question.....You want us to think he is a brain. ..  a big thinker... I think it's Jed Clampets nephew...The brain of the family... he's been to the 6th grade....
Jg2.o::that's an adhesive einstein.
Soonerhopeful1::Give us more of this Cohesive Jg2 wisdom....I'm sure you amaze people in your grade school...! The whiz kid of cohesion.. it's a variation of cohesive..
Soonerhopeful1::Cohesive in that context must be an adjective... Like Cohesive sentence structure.... Not to say a sentence is not cohesive... you mean it doesn't fit together....But that's not what he meant.. He meant coherent... didn't you JG2 the brain..?   ha ha...  Don't like my sentence structure....?    I do it on purpose; it's my " Petty poster test"... is scrabble the syntax, Spelling and  punctuation of sentences... but they are still coherent, then Only the Pettttty, and the trite and the Trolllls will take Issue....!!!!     That way I give them true cause to post their venom...  Wow, it always works... Adult intellectuals over 30;...Never care about a fractured word, or syntax or spellling... it's just toooooo  Petty, unless you are petty...!!!     Sure works doesn't it...!
SurferQ00::Thanks for the support, but cohesive also works.. Just saying.  You are right, coherence is how logical and flowing your argument or sentence is.  Cohesive means it is put together correctly.
Jg2.o::either word works you idiot.
Soonerhopeful1::No they don't...duh..!!!   Cohesive is for Glue Duh.. coherent is for comprehension.....ha ha..... your adolescents is showing..!!
Soonerhopeful1::Ha ha...cohesive... that is a sentence with words that consist of more then 5 letters....Then it is not cohesive to Jg 2....             Be honest Mr. JG2....your are trying to make us think you are an intellectual aren't you....? answer if your able...!!!!
Soonerhopeful1::cohesive.... I think you mean to say...." Coherent"... ha ha.... your a hoot.
Soonerhopeful1::ha ha....That's funny Jg....please quote the non Cohesive sentence...   I shall interpret for the feeble minded on board... ha ha...And I am keeping it JG simple already.... ha ha. and that's over his head.... Again I ask... Who led the league in assists last year for PF/ Centers...?     give up...?
Soonerhopeful1::Surfer, he doesn't have a source...he is just throwing stuff out there....
SurferQ00::Exactly my point.  Jg2.o, please, backup what you say.  This is pretty much what you sound like to us: Kevin Love is possibly the most overrated player in the league.  His percentage in the paint is like 20%.  He is a complete jerk and I think we can all agree that fans hate him.
Jg2.o::Okie, please......try.......to....formulate....a.....cohesive......sentence......please.
Soonerhopeful1::ha ha....your really a hoot....you really think Griffin is not a " tough guy"....ha ha... That's why no one ever double teams him.... ha ha.. except for Denver and everyone, as Nuggets doubled him ever time he got the ball and even one triple team....You go tell the Nugget coach's to not worry about Griffin,,, he's not tough...ha ha...You is real smart... huh...?  ha ha...right..
SurferQ00::I can respect the fact that you have your opinion, I just don't like how you call him out for such little things.  I am more than happy to let you go on and say he is whiner, but once you claim he is overrated, a douc*e and a horrible shooter, backup what you have to say.  Where is he overrated?  Everyone admits that he is a terrible FT shooter and that his shot needs work.  However, 30%, show me a valid source and then I will admit he is a terrible shooter.  He is a douc*e?  When has he proven that?  Show me why you think that and maybe I will agree with that.  I can call you a hater, and the fact is, this country is filled with haters.  There are people who say Kobe is overrated, LeBron is overrated, MJ is 2nd to Kobe, etc.  You can find people to agree to what you have to say, but unless there is hard evidence as to what you are saying, then don't go around badmouthing everyone.  Also, why does Griffin complain more than Love?  Love's game is a huge amount of shooting.  Do you see Griffin complain on his shots?  No, he knows he missed them.  How often do you see Blake rush the basket only to be hit hard with obvious contact?  You see that on most of his plays, and you can't argue that there isn't any contact, there is film to prove that.  Love's outside game wouldn't bring him to arguing, Griffin's would.  And that is all the difference.
Jg2.o::And he gives these fake tough guy stare downs.  Come on, be honest, I know you've seen them. He's cheesy...
SurferQ00::Oh no, he is cheesy?  Do you see anyone confront him on a daily basis?  No.  He is a big dude and not many people want to really tick him off.  Remember when Chalmers pulled some crap on him?  He dunked on him and that was the end of the that.  All of his stare downs are followed by dunks, and it is all because the other player instigated something with him.
Soonerhopeful1::yes you can....when some one totally contradicts all the coach's and pro's in the NBA, we can call them Irrational...!   That's a  fact dweeb...!
SurferQ00::So yeah, I'm still waiting for your sources?  A source to show he is a jerk.  A source to show he shoots 30%.  A source to show that they are talking smack. A source to show all of the Clippers "bi*ching".  A source to show that the well respected Lawler is a bad guy.  Well?  Anything?
SurferQ00::So basically, if there is a debate, the other side agrees because he is in the debate?  I'm SURE that is some Harvard Law School Logic right there.  We are replying because we want to refute what you are saying, especially when you are trying to spread false crap on Grififn.  Oh and my friend, you have stepped into dangerous territory.  YOU BAD MOUTH RALPH LAWLER?  HE IS ONE OF THE MOST IF NOT THE MOST RESPECTED ANNOUNCERS IN THE NBA TODAY.  It's obvious that you go into these games looking to badmouth these Clippers, because Ralph Lawler has proved to be one of the greatest personalities you will ever find.  He has praise for all and he calls a spade a spade.  And you have seen 4 whole games?  Well, I have seen 1 Nuggets game and I think the Nene is by far the best center in the game then.  He is explosive, can dunk, and his shooting ain't half bad.  Where exactly do you see people not named Griffin bit*ching?  Was it when Billups calmly talked to the refs?  Was it when DJ was called for silly fouls and he approached the refs and asked him what was going on?  What smack have they talked?  Let me see some sources buddy.  Oh wait, you responded to one of my messages so that MUST mean you completely understand and agree with me.
Jg2.o::People go by what they have to go by. I've seen the Clippers play 4 times and in every game not only have I noticed them bi*ching a lot, but the announcers have.  That is my sample group ok.  They have talked a lot of smack and bi*ched to the refs and all that.  It's my opinion - get over it.  I can see you must understand or else you guys wouldn't be responding so much.
SurferQ00::Fans from everywhere think any player NOT on their roster is a d-bag.  If you are telling me that fans are a reliable source, then you are mistaken.  You can find fans who argue that Bynum is better than Dwight.  You can find fans who argue that Kobe is merely a chucker who should be traded.  You can finds who say just about anything.  In a recent poll, Humphries was found to be the most HATED player by fans.  What is their validity to this?  Because he married some star and SHE dumped him?
Jg2.o::Not coaches and players that say he's a good player, but fans from everywhere that think he's a dou*hebag.
buckshotz17::got a lot of Blake haters here? the kid's only 22 and will only get better. enjoy the show for the next decade in Lob City boys!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::He is awful on offense. Not hatin...it's plain as day to see.
Heiroglyphic::Tough loss tonight guys, but this game showed that these teams match up excellently. Mr. Big Shot came up big as always. We'll see these guys at Staples in a few days, and I think we can win the rematch. Good game Clips fans. GO NUGS!
posternutbags::Ty's quickness will be tougher to defend for 30 min than A.Miller or Julyan Stone 100%.  That was the difference in this game.
Heiroglyphic::No excuses for tonight. We got outplayed, plain and simple. Had Ty been healthy, the outcome may have been different, however. Hopefully Ty will be back for the next matchup.
MKG_Floater::It really was a great game and i thank you for not blaming the loss on anything or anyone. Can't wait for them to come to staples for the rematch.
SurferQ00::Great game, I can't wait to see the Nuggets at 100%.  Gonna be a good game!
Soonerhopeful1::Can this   " Jg2 poster actually think and act in a rational manner,,,?          I don't think so..
SurferQ00::Jg2, what is with all the Griffin/Clipper hate.  Griffin never said he was the best PF in the league, and yes he complains a lot, but when you are a big dude getting smacked hard by bigger dudes, you are going to be pretty annoyed when nothing is called.  Everyone calls him a flopper and says he shouldn't go down so easily because he is big; this argument is a double edged sword.  If he is so strong as to not get knocked down, why isn't he strong enough to go up on all of his attempts and get a decent shot off?  It's because he is fouled.  Yes, Griffin complains a lot and yes Griffin flops, but how does he expect to get calls otherwise? I don't like it one bit, but I see where he is coming from.  And like I said, yes Love is better as of now and his NBA career is most likely longer, but Griffin has yet to even reach near his peak unlike Love.  If you are telling me this peaked Love will lead you to championships, then you are completely wrong.  He has proven that he can lead his team to some extent, but Championships?  No way.  Griffin has shown steady improvement in his shooting and his drive, and his ceiling is still unseen.  To say that he won't amount to much is crazy talk, because I know if I'm going for 1 or 2 rings (which I think is realistic for most teams) I'm picking Griffin.  He has the tenacity to bring us somewhere, not merely chill in the 1st or possibly 2nd round.
Detrocity::He's fine ... work on his outside shot and defense ... o yeah ... free throws
Detrocity::Agree with ya surfer (by the way it was 2-3'+ north county san diego today) ... He will work on his game ... no doubt about it ... fun times ahead
SurferQ00::Free throws have honestly become mental for him.  He has declined, and as you can see, he has absolutely no confidence in his free throw.  It's all in his head and that leads to his inconsistent form and missing.  I agree his defense needs some refinement, but many young players tend to lack strong defense.  Also, his shooting isn't stellar or consistent, I will admit that.  But where on his transcript did it say he came in a strong shooter?  He realizes that if he develops a shot he will be near unguardable, and that is what he is trying to do.
SurferQ00::Also, if you are going to say he shoots 30% from the line, show me a valid source.  If you are going to say he is a jerk, show me a valid source.  If you are going to badmouth anything aside from his weak FT % and his complaining, show me a source.
Detrocity::Billups had what ... 3 turnovers ... the bum !!!
Detrocity::Don't you got meds to take bro !?!  ... Have seen little of the Pistons lately but yeah I'm a fan and they have given me more than enough these last years ... who's your team ?!?
buckshotz17::i guess being a piston's fan you would know what a bunch of bums on the basketball court would look like.
Soonerhopeful1::Don't rely on Athleticism says Jg2....  !...  Yes sir, short slow guys are just as good as big athletic guys...!  hmm...Gee I feel stupid saying that..!
Jg2.o::"only" okie.... only....
Jg2.o::Kevin Love is the guy set up with the long NBA career by developing an all around game that doesn't rely ONLY on athleticism.
buckshotz17::i get being a 22 year old freak at 6'10" has a lot to do with blake's game but you're a moron if you think Love is better long term. Love can't get much better than what he's doing now. eventually blake will have that 18 footer in the bag and he will improve his post game. seriously did you not know he was 22???? the kid can only get better! man all the sh*t you have to say and none of it is very logical. enough with the hate already man!
SurferQ00::Go ahead, refute my facts.  I think that Love IS better than Griffin, but he has peaked, and what has shown you that he will lead a team to victory?  I don't quite understand your hate for Griffin, but yes he has flaws, every player does.  Griffin flops on occasion, he complains to the refs, and his FT% isn't great.  What else you got?
Jg2.o::No, I make more sense than most people on here or else you guys probably wouldn't even respond to me.  And I respect the fa t that you guys take the time to write something more thoughtful that just one arcane sentence and that's it.
SurferQ00::As of now, I completely agree. Love has range, tenacity, and his all around game is great.  However, Griffin's ceiling is still unseen and to me, there is a good chance that his is higher than Love's.  Let's be honest, do you see anymore players nowadays setting up a dynasty and winning 5-6 rings?  With all these 3 man power teams, I don't imagine a team that would really three peat, because if one team starts to dominate, these players and their wishlists becomes a huge issue. I don't see Love leading his team to even one ring, although I see him making his team a strong contender.  I do however see Griffin playing a HUGE role in his team and possibly bringing them a championship.  Basically, Love will make his team into a contender, whether he both old or young, but he will never bring them to a championship during any of that time.  Griffin's time slot is shorter, but he can bring his team to victory.
1908gocubs::"It really wasn't my fight -- although I had to go down," Billups said. "So, that was frustrating. ... You know, I've accomplished a lot in my career and I've done a lot, being thrown in a deal for some people that haven't accomplished what I've accomplished? So, that was the frustration that I had, but it is what it is."  yeah billups was the best player in that deal. and he got thrown in like he was a mediocre player. anthony wishes he could be 1/4 as clutch as billups.
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::Being a huge Nuggets fan... all I have to say tonight is.... good for Chauncey..
greg94327::The Nuggets should pursue steve nash next year.
Kamikazi02::Go get Em Thunders tomorrow night Clippers now that you got this one... Go Nuggets!!!
sec11388::and the knicks waived billups. fools
Jg2.o::Any team that thinks Melo is the answer....He's everything that's wrong with the NBA - the most overrated player in the league.
Jg2.o::No NBA ref here of course, but I'd give these bi*ches LESS calls....That's just me though....
JustineS04::I was really rooting for the Clippers at the start of the season. I've always been a huge Chauncey fan, and I thought it'd be nice if they could turn things around. But, they complain to the refs constantly and play a pretty dirty game. I saw lots of hard fouls to the head/face and a blatant tripping attempt.
SurferQ00::Really?  Personally, I saw it differently.  I saw Billups talk to the refs when he saw a call he didn't like, he didn't yell at the refs in anger like Nene did.  I didn't see a dirty game, I saw Griffin jumping straight up to a player who is attacking the basket.  What I DID see however is Harrington hit Griffin mid jump, and THAT to me was the dirthiest play of the night.  What I DID see was Nene push a much smaller Billups in the end game; granted, Billups emphasized the push a little more, but you can't argue that Nene did NOT push him.  It's on the tape.  Overall, for you to argue that the Clippers were dirty is a tad out there, especially when you have some big dudes pushing smaller ones and hitting other big dudes mid jump
convolutedthought::thats what chauncy brings did it for pistons, nuggets, now clippers
Opragman::A sad but true fact about the NBA is that a young players has to establish himself with the referees in the league if they ever expect to receive any calls.  The young players are taught by the veterans that to get yourself established with the refs that you have to complain and be vocal without being to far out of line.   Jordan, Karl Malone, Kobe, and many many others were called cry babies also until they become seasoned veterans that started to get the calls going their way.
Soonerhopeful1::Source, Source,,, Jg2, don't need no stinking source, JG2 can make his truth as he goes along...
ochoworld81::and 2 think the clippers wouldnt trade him 4 D12, wtf?
Jg2.o::...and Blake will never be that good...especially when one shoots 30% (besides dunks) he better get the refs on his side.
SurferQ00::Shoots 30%?  Source?
