Miami Are Champs::everyone talks about good the spurs and say that OKC may not be able to beat them but OKC should not be overlooked they beat the spurs last year so i see the OKC in the finals again
Legacies In The Making::It seems like the NBA is bribing the Jazz to loose and give the Lakers a playoff start. The Lakers are mediocre on defense and to hold the Jazz at below 30% field goal percentage, it is ludicrous. If you watched the game you also saw careless and idiotic turnovers. And during a commercial break -3rd quarter-, ESPN had a commercial adverting another Jazz game and saying that they were coming off a loss from the Thunder, before the game even finished.
aworgill@yahoo.com::Okay, fellow Jazz fans, what would you like to see happen this summer? No pie in the sky answers, please. I was thinking that despite my love of Millsap, Jefferson should probably be the one to stay, but now I'm almost wondering if we'd be fine if they both walked. Thoughts?
texrcana24::People need to get over and let go of James Harden not being in OKC anymore.  It came down to him wanting a max deal and the Thunder not being able to offer it.  That is neither Harden or the Thunder's fault.  The Thunder wanted to keep Harden but if a max deal was what he was after, it simply wasn't feasible in OKC.  The Thunder's side of the Harden trade has a lot slower return on investment than the Rocket's side.  Until we see what the Thunder does with their picks and who they get for them, we won't know if it was a good trade or not.  That could still be a couple years away.
MikeMike37::thank you for utilizing common sense....thunder offered harden a 55 million $$ deal. It has nothing to do that they didn't want him, had to do with he thought he could earn more so he didn't sign.
RiseAgain48::I started following this online betting system called SportsBettingStar 60 days ago.  Ive made around $3,000 a month since I started using it.  I was searching for a handicapper one day and just google searched for Sports Betting Systems, and it was right there on the first page.
dmrobie84::James Harden leaving the Thunder made sense at the time, but in the playoffs the Thunder will have a hard time I think. To beat the Heat, having a James Harden would help A LOT.
ThunderHornz::It didn't help when he disappeared last year. I like the guy-but he didn't help.
I worship TV::It wouldn't hurt to have him.
dmrobie84::James Harden, where are you?
jason_bautista::lucky lakers...
wasatchstallion::I read these posts and I gather words to describe the Jazz. I come up with pathetic, weak, soft, unorganized, slow, unfocused, poorly coached, disinterested. These adjectives are far too common for a team that has achieved greatness. The Jazz franchise has to put a stop to the mediocrity and fire Corbin! It is crystal clear to everyone what needs to be done.
Darla5568::Go THUNDER!!!!!!!!            http://GameHighLights.qr.net/sportnewshourly
mymomdunkedonyourmom::using a bet system called sportsbettingstar for my picks . I am making around 2-3K a month profits using the systems picks. If you search google for sports betting systems you will find out more how the systems work
junoNCAL::poor jazz fans, can't even respond to my posts  i think you guys have been humiliated enough, no reason to come post on your boards again  jazz = done
wasatchstallion::Jazz will take over the 8th spot.
aworgill@yahoo.com::I think there is still reason to hope. In January we were hot. Nearly everyone has a bad stretch during the season, let's just hope ours doesn't extend into April.
rbmw263::what is there to respond to? how many times can we have the exact same conversation?
ensign.devyn::Exactly. Just don't even respond, let the little guy tire himself out. He's just trying to bait people into responding
cristian 06::if the heat play okc in the finals am going to okc gotta check out the women
Bjross1986::There are some serious hotties at Thunder games.
ensign.devyn::You know in the movie Hall Pass, when they want to meet "hot women", and go to Applebee's? Then debate on going to Chili's? Well, that is what your post about finding hot women in OKC reminded me of.
junoNCAL::Jazz's only wins since they luckily beat my Warriors:  Home wins against the Bobcats and Pistons  LOLOLOLOLOLOL
ensign.devyn::Same link, KD on DeMarre's foul: "I did the same thing to one of their guys in Utah so I couldn't be too upset about it."
junoNCAL::LOL jazz are so pathetic  spiraling down.. down... down.........
DaveOK69::My internet went down right after the game started and just came back on, but I just wanted to say...Good game Jazz fans. I kind of want you guys to tie the Lakers for the 8th seed since you have the tie-breaker. It'll make it hurt worse. : ) Also, Why doesn't Corbin flip the 1st and 2nd units? Seems they'd be a better team if they did.
aworgill@yahoo.com::I had some hope when Corbin pulled Marvin and Tinsley from the starting lineup, but I really can't figure out his rotations right now. Burks and Kanter are magical, and he seems to be the only one who doesn't realize it.
rbmw263::Thanks man, GG.  "Also, Why doesn't Corbin flip the 1st and 2nd units? Seems they'd be a better team if they did."  Pretty sure this is how 80% of Jazz fans feel right now. Its frustrating. Especially because our entire 1st unit are on expiring deals and most of them wont be back. 2nd unit is young, full of potential, and play SO MUCH better together.
ensign.devyn::Don't worry Jazz fans, in 15 years, we'll look back on the last 20 games of 2011, the 2011-2012 season, the 2012-2013 season, and possibly the 2013-2014 season as "The Corbin Years", a dark age for the Utah Jazz organization. But a dark age that we rose out of, after the famous "Canning of Corbin."
Boneshank::Corbin needs to go.  It's tiring to see, nearly every game, Corbin's favorite mediocre vets all putting in their consistent -20 to -30 something in the +/- column. Then the subs, usually in their very limited time, attempt to make the game competitive &amp; the score somewhat respectable.  But hey, at least within Corbin's rotation Jefferson usually gets his 17 points on 16 shots with stellar defense thrown in. Efficient!  And also within Corbin's rotation, Mo Williams (who the coach is "excited" to have back, ugh), can chuck his way to 12 points on 11 shots to go along with his otherworldy ability to involve teammates. Efficient!  And then there's Marvin... Outstanding coaching &amp; rotation management...
ensign.devyn::+1,000,000,000,000,000
mymomdunkedonyourmom::Been using a bet system called sportsbettingstar for my picks . I am making around 2-3K a month profits using the systems picks. If you search google for sports betting systems you will find out more how the systems work
cristian 06::see you in the nba finals #heatnation
NYeltigre::Let me throw a shout out to bayareasports after he tried to call me out. First, Yes I am one of the biggest jazz fans around and always have been. Second, I was not on the board before or during the game popping my mouth off so before you go accusing other of popping off, maybe you should consider shutting your mouth before popping off about things that havent happened. That said, go watch your tankers.
JPHoks1981::I had to work and didnt get to catch the game. Can anybody tell me how Hayward got his techincal. Thank you
Shamed_Shaun::anyone ever wonder why wesley johnson(69) has a higher overall than gordan hayward(68) in nba 2k13
JPHoks1981::I don't get why Hayward is so bad on that game. He is just awful.
sjmcb160::Worst Jazz team in years. I can't believe they're still +.500. The Jazz Skrillexed all over themselves again.
ensign.devyn::Worst Jazz starters in years*  + the worst Jazz coach ever. Bad combo
ZRatedLT4::Thabeet to D-League..... Too clumsy with the ball on the quick pass.....bad attitude.... Started season off decent but....
Real_Salt Lake::We can still get the 3rd seed
seanpj23::Fire Ty Corbin! He doesn't know as much about basketball as he think he does. He was a mediocre role player "with a chip on his shoulder" at the peak of his playing days but even worse he is a below average game manager "with a chip on his shoulder" as a coach. Lifetime assistant coach should know his place.
rbmw263::Chicago really down 42 to Sacramento? Ny down 25. At least we werent the only ones..
ensign.devyn::I saw that. We don't suck so bad anymore, in retrospect
ryanstrebel::I'm all for the Jazz missing the playoff's, we made the 8th seed last year (which I was for) got swept, and if we barely make it again, what good did it do for us this year?  Its not like they gained anything from it, because they're still fighting for that 8 spot.  Golden State took one on the chin, got some decent picks, and now look at them!  They're were the Jazz should be, theoretically!  Not to mention we'll probably be loosing at least half the starters anyway.  So regardless how good the jazz do in the playoffs, our team this will not even be close to the same team they are next year!
ensign.devyn::Difference is GS tanked. We won't ever tank, we just have a brutal schedule to end the season, and aren't a very good team this year anyway
ryanstrebel::I love how every Laker Lover I know, is so proud of them Lakers!  You have one of the most expensive teams in the league and you're fighting for 8th!  Love it!  Not to mention how everyone of them had written them off for the first half of the season!
georgepan::Correction:  The Lakers aren't one of the most expensive but THE most expensive team in the NBA - by far.  http://www.hoopsworld.com/team-by-team-payroll-breakdown/
luckyzac00::again, if it means the jazz beating the lakers for the last spot, ALL IS GOOD IN THE WORLD
thunderguy80::Kobe out indefinetly with ankle sprain..Kobe says it's the worst he's ever suffered and he himself stated he's out indefinetly which means he's probably out at least a month...good news for Jazz fans...bad for Lakers
TAC0REV::So during the second quarter I switched over to the Runnin' Utes game.   Looks like I didn't miss anything.
TAC0REV::The Utes — a team that's actually actively developing its young talent.
OHthenowTX::Good night all I am tired and after having a stroke I can not stay up like I used to !!!
ThunderHornz::Good health sir!
KDisNotNice35::This blowout should be a lot bigger.  Too many turnovers and fouls.
CarlyJoni::7 away games left for the Jazz.  9 home games remaining.  Jazz need to win all remaining home games, including one against OKC.  Can they win at least one away game?  Just one?
luckyzac00::if they keep the lakers out of the playoffs then the jazz will be everyone's 2nd favourite team overnight
STEPHEN-A-SMITH::BREAKING NEWS : More reports are coming that Kobe injurie is much worse, it turn out that it's a career ending injurie, this is devastating news for Kobe &amp; Laker fans as, Doctors have said it is best for him to retire. Kobe has been one of the greatest with out question &amp; will definetly be missed by the game.
kobelovespassing::0 assists, 8 TO , hmmm
Kmacman::KD has been struggling, by his standards, since the break.  The first half tonight was awful by anybody's standards.  He sure seems to be losing control of the ball off the dribble an awful lot and it's mostly unforced.  I'm a little worried about him.
Koballhog::what about his triple double in just 27 min with 0 turnovers?
ThunderPokes405::He also scored 23 points on only 13 shots, grabbed 10 boards, and his team won in a blowout.
OHthenowTX::I have been a Yankee fan since 1959 I have been a Buckeye fan since 1972 I have been a SPURS season ticket holder since 1997
SweetChippy99::Way to go Jazz !!!!
milk_n_cookies14::good news for Jazz, Kobe out indefinitely  with a SEVERE ankle sprain
milk_n_cookies14::True, but Kobe is the only reason they're in the playoffs right..dude has too much will power
mikeisildur::I don't see how that's good news, who's going to waste all of the Lakers' possessions now?
bayareasports86::Hey Jazz &amp; BYU fans: Don' t Fret the best team in Utah won tonight... The Pac 12 Utah Utes...
OHthenowTX::Yankees, Jazz,  Rangers??????
MiamiStrong3::lol
thunderguy80::the smartest thing to ever come out of your mouth was a p&amp;nis
OHthenowTX::That makes no sense
MiamiStrong3::what?
MiamiStrong3::Yankees, Jazz, and Rangers  bandwagon.
SweetChippy99::You sir is what we call a Homer
OHthenowTX::My team is going to go for a 50 win season for the 14th straight year
ThunderHornz::Needed the revenge Jazz! Good luck and good health going forward! THUNDERTFUP!
luckyzac00::wow, KD almost with another trip doub (only got 8 TOs though) maybe next time.  can't think the last time someone turned the ball over more than westbrick on OKC
Kmacman::You really know this team, huh?   KD has had more TOs than RW in 7 of last 10 games and they had the same number in two of those games.  The only game in the last 10 that RW had more TOs was the freak game vs Lakers when Russ had 1 to KDs 0.
MiamiStrong3::LormanRockwell Troll is bad at trolling. Also I'm pretty sure he's like 10, and was a factory defect  I'm sure you're gay.
thunderguy80::it shows..but don't feel bad most Heat fans are uneducated
MiamiStrong3::the world ain't sh.i.t anyways. we will all suffer the same fate: die and go to heaven
LormanRockwell::I rest my case. Back to the cave for hot pockets, troll.
MiamiStrong3::your case ain't worth a damn,
thunderguy80::your really dumb if u didn't get that...Lol
MiamiStrong3::im a drop out.
thunderguy80::why don't u support your local search and rescue unit and get lost
MiamiStrong3::im broke. dumb fat f.u.ck
caseygreer2::BURN
MiamiStrong3::FEEL THE HEAT
323Dodgers2013WSchamps::If Lebrick is so great then why couldn't he win in Cleveland ?
MiamiStrong3::cleveland never wins.
caseygreer2::I'm out, talk to you later Miami trolls, warrior trolls, laker trolls.
pdiddy0622::later jazz troll u paid? lol
