joewatiii::I really like both Millsap and Jefferson but dang, these young guys the Jazz have are pretty damn good.  Look at Evans scoring 14 points, and Carroll has the most hustle out of any Jazz player.  Yes I know it was only the Bobcats but still, some quality ball by a young squad.
TexanPatriot1::Old fashioned butt kicking.
Fomille::Guys like Kanter and Carrol have good games and now watch Corbin give both guys less than 10 minutes next game. He seems to always sit guys after they have been hot
higgibop23::I know it was against the bobcats but come on if this isn't enough proof that corbin is a dumb a then your a dumb a. kanter is way better than Al no effort jefferson.
higgibop23::kanter for one.. favors, milsap, hayward. jefferson is a good scorer if he is on.he plays no defense. i am pretty sure favors or kanter could beat him one on one because he plays no defense. the team defense goes way down when he is in the game. the jazz are one of the worst defense of teams in the league because of him. so don't give me that crap.
ensign.devyn::Lol. I agree with you. There was this guy that came in last night and flipped out on all of us for hating on Jefferson, so I was just impersonating him. Haha. But good to see you know your stuff!
ensign.devyn::ATTENTION EVERYONE: AL JEFFERSON IS THE BEST PLAYER ON THE TEAM, AND YOU ALL ARE PATHETIC FANS FOR DISSING ON HIM! SCREW YOU HATERS! NAME ME 1 PLAYER WHO'S BETTER THAN JEFFERSON, 1 PLAYER!!
ghettoslider:::( :) ;)
roll_n_riot::Kanter just missing those 11blocks and 3 steals to really make the performance memorable
ghettoslider::i think the bobcats are actually starting to hurt jordans legacy/image.. its just been so embarrassing.. and i think it could start hurting his brand (if it hasnt already)
ghettoslider::haha yeah good point
dishnetkid::if pulling in over 80mill last year is hurting his brand I want that pain
ensign.devyn::When Enes is firing on all cylinders, he does everything Al does, and more. Mid range shooting, good post game, good footwork. Needs to polish some things, but that's to be expected. Whether he can be as clutch as Al remains to be seen. But if Enes can do this consistently after next season, then he gives us everything Al gives us, plus SO much more.
mikeisildur::NO I HATE AL JEFFERSON HE IS THE WORST NBA PLAYER OF ALL TIIIIMMMEEEE
ghettoslider:::)
ghettoslider::nice!! i forgot about those commercials.. Lol
joewatiii::Ya that Ronnie Brewer chocolate milk commercial was the best, especially considering he looks like a 27 year old 8 year old...
ensign.devyn::Haha
TAC0REV::Got nothing on Ronnie Brewer's chocolate milk commercial.
ghettoslider::i'd love to see us get karl to be our back up PF.. he's still in such good shape!!   -Lolz
ensign.devyn::It's those Skecher's shape-ups.
ghettoslider::big al seems like a nice guy.. so much talent i wish he could play harder
ensign.devyn::Yeah man he's super likable for sure. If he gave 100% effort night in and night out, it'd be a different story.
ghettoslider::i know big al has some serious flaws in his game (defense, hustle) but i seriously will miss him if he leaves and im thankful for everything he has taught kanter (post moves etc..)
JWalk9267::I know the Jazz will miss paul and Al next year if they let him go. But the year after next they most certainly will NOT.
ensign.devyn::For sure, same with Paul. I'd love to see us get Karl in to work with both of them, that'd be so beneficial...
TAC0REV::Dude hit a half-court buzzer-beater in overtime of 4A high school semi-finals:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVV4sahafyo&amp;feature=youtu.be
leloupgarou111::that's my high school, I was there and it was cool to see it
ensign.devyn::That's sweet dude
ghettoslider::nice shot thnx 4 the link
Loosole::Crazy. Hopefully it gets to espn
ensign.devyn::That's still sweet. Cache Valley kid just got on ESPN.
TAC0REV::Yep, they just played it (although the ESPN guy said it was for the 4A title, when it was the semi-final). They showed one from Indiana too.
TAC0REV::I see "HIGH SCHOOL BUZZER BEATERS" coming up on the Sportscenter ticker thingy.
ensign.devyn::That was my rival high school. Crazy. What a shot
Loosole::Kanter's postgame interview is a gem. This guy is just awesome
ensign.devyn::I didn't know he could smile. What a super chillax dude. Enes, don't ever leave us. I smiled through the whole thing. haha
Serg Abaka::Is it on the Fesenko level of interviews?
ensign.devyn::Plan for next year: Let Al and Paul walk. Pick up a backup C, have Evans at backup PF. Re-sign Mo, draft a good backup PG, let Watson and Tinsley go, Trade Marvin if he signs his players' option, maybe for that backup C. Start Hayward, re-sign Demarre at backup 3, re-sign Foye, start him or Burks.   I like it.
JWalk9267::I like this dude's plan, except we'll need a more quality backup PF. Evans isn't going to be good enough.
Serg Abaka::Absorb Pau into the cap space too
TAC0REV::He has one year, $19.2 million left on his current contract.
Serg Abaka::Pau would be a good stop gap. If it is a 3 big rotation, he wouldn't really be holding anything back. And yes, he only has 1 year on his contract. He is still one of the most talented big men in the comp, the Olympics showed what he can still do
ensign.devyn::Maybe if he'll come off the bench and only be a 1 year deal.
TAC0REV::Eh, that would be a waste of money. Pau's way overpriced and on the downslide, and would just further surpress the youth movement.
TAC0REV::Burks should start, Foye would be more effective as a spark off the bench/situational shooter. Tiago Splitter would be a solid backup center who will be an RFA, will likely be relatively cheap. He's still young and has upside.
ensign.devyn::I like Tiago. And yeah I'm fine with either. But Burks slashing and PnR is probably better starting with this unit, I agree.
ghettoslider::good plan i like it.. interesting to see what happens.. big offseason ahead
ensign.devyn::HUGE.
I taught Socrates everything he knew::Trey Burke Alec Burks Gordon Hayward Derrick Favors Enes Kanter
Prometheus Guns::Why didnt the Jazz trade again?
TAC0REV::Because they prefer to play overpriced mediocre vets and surpress bright, young, high-potential talent.
ensign.devyn::Kanter leads our team in effective fg% at 54.3%, and is #68 in the league. Jeremy Evans is 2nd on the team at  53.3% and 83rd in the league. Randy Foye is 3rd at 51.8% and 111th in the league. Carroll is 4th at 51.5% and is 117th in the league. For what it's worth, Kobe is 121st in the league LOL. Mo is at 50% and 149th in the NBA, tied with Millsap and like 8 others in the league. Jefferson is at 49% and 184th in the NBA. Hayward is 201st with 48.6%, Marvin is 221st at 47.8%, Favors is 229th at 47.6%, then the rest are pretty far down. But still, shoutout to Big Turk!!
Urtimus::The Jazz have their 2 starting bigs out and the Bobcats manage to get out-rebounded 62-24. What a joke!!! Put on your big boy pants Bobcats!
Serg Abaka::1 game behind the tanks
Muerte180::I know this is the bobcats we are talking about here but this game should be bigger news than it is. I mean when was the last time a team was held to 9 points in a quarter?
ghettoslider::utah held the suns to 9 points in the 2nd qrt earlier this year.. mostly with jazz bench players in the game
hmqenz::when the Mavericks were held to 4 the other night
hmqenz::at what point does the bobcats insanity end?
Brewcrewtilldeath20::The Bobcats had just 6 more points than the Jazz had rebounds
Serg Abaka::The most interesting part about this is what Ty does in the next game, I am fully expecting Kanter to go back to ~10 minutes
lester4586::kanter had s career night against the bobcats if that makes him better than big al ok then utah jazz fans i really hope he leaves
ensign.devyn::I love when other team's fans come in here and comment on the Jazz and criticize the Jazz fans. LOL
dishnetkid::good thing.
lester4586::good thing the jazz front office is smarter than their fans
King of the Echo People::Yes they are, but they leave the minutes on the floor up to Corbin to figure out. We Jazz fans are not wrong with wanting Al getting less minutes. Al Jefferson is most likely not being re-signed for a ton of money so that's why we want him getting less minutes and Kanter and Favors getting more experience. And Al's defense is bad.
lester4586::the jazz fans crazy i wish they had traded him for brandon jennings
ensign.devyn::Yeah, we want that black hole of a PG.
Serg Abaka::It's not about him being better than Al, it is about the Jazz being a better team without Al
LiveAtTheHive88::McRoberts with arguably the weakest "Top Performers" statline ever
hmqenz::I actually just showed my gf that and tried to explain to her how pathetic  that stat line was for a top performer
JDub1942::Women don't get sports
hmqenz::it meant nothing to her but i just had to make fun of it to someone
ensign.devyn::Hahaha wow.
iorgous1::How come Favors only had like 25 mins?
ghettoslider::yep he fouled out
ensign.devyn::foul trouble
hmqenz::Heckuva job MJ, heckuva job
iorgous1::I was so mad the last 2 games, i didn't watch tonight.  Wish I would could have seen a whole NBA team hussel and play D
ensign.devyn::Once you saw Enes and Favors were starting, you should have tuned in!
iorgous1::so true
Utetruecrimson::I cannot wait to see the future frontcourt of the Jazz, Kanter and Favors dominating inside will be a sight to see. Go Jazz
tfoutz31::Alec Burks with a +28 and Kanter with +26 take that +/- Corbin!!
Serg Abaka::+/- is not a good stat for evaluating individual players
tfoutz31::youre not a good stat for evaluating players!
ensign.devyn::How about units?
ensign.devyn::He doesn't know what that means.
ghettoslider::best al jefferson clip ever:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InB7HsUWKao
ghettoslider::makes me cry every time i watch it   -j/k
King of the Echo People::I've seen that before. Hilarious to watch it again. O'Connor couldn't bring himself to trade one of them and break them up.
ensign.devyn::Hahaha WTH? That is hilarious
Serg Abaka::I didn't really care that no trade happened, but this really makes me hate the Jazz FO
tfoutz31::I heard its cause of the new luxury tax people will be wanting to dump good talent/ salary so the jazz will be looking to take them up...
Serg Abaka::Yeah, that makes sense, Pau Gasol could be a good option
ghettoslider::ya i really hope they have some kind of strategy w/ that  :/
ensign.devyn::QueenCityBall has got to be the worst person I've ever seen at reading a box score. Look at what he gave us for rebounds and assists. Lol
ghettoslider::earlier this year everyone was talking about how al jefferson might get traded to the spurs.. would the spurs be a better team w/ al jefferson??
ghettoslider::Lol.. i'd love to see popovich yell at jefferson for a few games!! someone needs to
ensign.devyn::Certainly not Corbin. He'd be being critical of the highest paid player on the team!
JWalk9267::Al would get his butt handed to him by Popovich every day for not giving effort on defense. i really wish we had traded him if only for that reason. I HATE it when guys don't give effort on defense
ghettoslider::good point about getting injured.. i think thats a big reason why he doesnt always play hard
ensign.devyn::I would love to play against him, with ball movement. We'd torch him as bad as ATL did
ghettoslider::for all the crap i talk on jefferson i still wouldnt want to play the spurs w/ him on the team and i remember when he used to have huge games against boozer and the jazz when he was in minnesota
tfoutz31::nope he would command the ball otherwise he wouldnt know how to play
Serg Abaka::Yes, because he wouldn't be able to play the lazy basketball he puts up here
ensign.devyn::He'd get injured at some points. Cite excessive effort and/or jumping.
Serg Abaka::Yeah, they were never interested. It was only because the FOs have links that it came up. But Pop would be able to get him to play hard at least
ensign.devyn::Which is why I think they would never get him...
ensign.devyn::I say nay.
ensign.devyn::Who thinks this game would have been 15 points closer with Jefferson playing his 33 mpg?
TAC0REV::It would have been a good 22 points closer.
tfoutz31::i do
ghettoslider::probably
Enes Kanter owns Dwight Howard::Kanter!! What a game
King of the Echo People::It must really suck to be a Bobcats fan. The Jazz had 22 turnovers and still won by 30.
ironjermkiller::It does :-(  but hopefully it'll suck less to be a Charlotte Hornets fan (again)
LiveAtTheHive88::hopefully yes when New Orleans officially changes theirs
King of the Echo People::They are going back to the Hornets name?
ensign.devyn::I was just about to post that stat.   Young guys being young guys. 22 TO's, but still winning by 30. Crazy. It's like they hustle or play D or somethin
ghettoslider::yeah i dont think anyone would have believed me before the game if i wouldve said "only one jazz starter is gonna score more than 10 points but theyre gonna win by 30"
capnchuc::If they have watched the Jazz yet this year, I am pretty sure they would believe you.
jason21382::Has Utah passed up GSW yet?
countrybama24::Was nice to see them trip at the finish line and pass on Drummond though.
ghettoslider::yeah they tanked on us and stole our pick last year
Rocinante1322::Depends on if The Tankers have started their yearly tank job yet.
ironjermkiller::Man... I'll consider this season a win if we can get the "Hornets" name back at this point
mikeisildur::GG Jazz nation.  A Blast to see Kanter, Hayward, and Favors blow out the bobkitties.  Er, I mean, later, "other pathetic Jazz fans"
lllllll llll::ATTENTION EVERYONE
ensign.devyn::LMFAO!
ensign.devyn::Go lick a window, you uneducated jerk.
TAC0REV::LOL
Grantox::well the jazz differential +/- points is now even! lol
ensign.devyn::Non-starters digging us out of ANOTHER hole.
ghettoslider::only the jazz could have 1 starter and 4 bench players in double figures
TAC0REV::It's pretty sad.
ensign.devyn::Somehow Marvin managed to only be a +4 and Watson was a 0. If that doesn't tell you something, in a 30 point blowout win, I don't know what will. I'm talking to Corbin of course, as well as our FO.
dishnetkid::^^ this guy lol ^^
TAC0REV::It's pretty sad.
Rocinante1322::At least Marvin played decent defense.   I have no defense for Earl.   He shouldn't even be playing over Tinsley, IMO.
lllllll llll::I like Marvin as a bench player. He shouldn't be starting
ensign.devyn::I think Marvin will be better with Mo back, but he still misses a lot of good looks. But we wouldnt' be so hard if we didn't also have Hayward and Demarre at the 3. When it's a fight for minutes, things get dicey
capnchuc::Jazz fans are too hard on Marvin, he plays well on defense and is a solid spot up shooter. Earl is just a terrible player.
ensign.devyn::Yeah, Marvin always has that. Just wish he'd make his good looks.
trentjbelnap::Ok...I know its the Bobcats...but I'm sold on Kanter
ensign.devyn::dcenate05050, who's your team?
mikeisildur::Isn't that that Bucks guy that has like 4 accounts and impersonates other Bucks fans
Rocinante1322::It's the Bucks
dcenate05050::jazz? y?
lakurz rock::that ugly, bearded james harden has overtaken my precious kobe bean bryant for the league lead in total turnovers!!!!  at least kobe still dominates in the technical fouls category!  go kobe!
JWalk9267::I've really wanted to see Favors starting over Milsap for a while now. And I was only slightly angered with Kanter getting 15 minutes per game. But with this performance I think that Kanter does deserve more minutes. I wouldn't say start him now because it is after all the Bobcats. But getting 23 rebounds is not an easy task. Kanter needs to be getting 18-20 minutes out there.
Rocinante1322::Burks with 10 and 7 boards and only 1 TO.   I love having a guard who rebounds!
dcenate05050::and shoots 40 percent.. 6 ppg lol
Rocinante1322::He didn't play all 30 minutes at the PG position.
mikeisildur::As long as we get an actual PG and put Burks at the 2.  2 assists in 30 minutes
Rocinante1322::He's averaging 11 over his last 10.
ensign.devyn::LOL LOL
dcenate05050::over reaction time
mikeisildur::AMNESTY MILLSAP AND JEFFERSON!  START MURPHY!
ensign.devyn::More like appreciation time for potential we all knew was there.
ensign.devyn::8 steals and 8 blocks.
ensign.devyn::TWENTY offensive rebounds tonight. Oh my.
M80 The Wolf::Michael Jordan, if you can't give us a good team at least get us the Hornets name back.
Grantox::maybe jordan should come play on his team. he did beat mkg
