gt1master_ike::The future is looking bright in New Orleans. Just need Eric Gordon to stay healthy.
BANKROBBA2020::You know, I wouldn't mind all these end-of-season losses if there were a half-way decent player where the Suns will be picking...but there ain't s__t!
hatethejets3::lol NBA
oczonie::In the meantime, D'Antoni and Nash's stay in LA are going perfectly according to plan. Memories do not die hard and retribution is sweet.
FORKWDEVIL::Gooooood
epitome1986::still don't get the anthony davis hype. they touted him as the best big since duncan, but ehhh, good but nothing amazing.
TheWalkingDead92::What really matters is that we lost and are in fact winning by getting in position to secure that top 5 pick!
IAMpunter0926::damnit suns ya sh its weak
Joshuabeightol::We already know the suns or New Orleans will not make playoffs. So who do you fans root for in playoffs?
nickb92693::OKC
NolaJag::Usually just pull for whoever I think is the underdog
Doanface::Suns lose Cavs win  Hell yes!
brandonstephensy::Michael Beasley is going to be a BEAST
jsl03::Michael Beasley is the best at tanking.
NolaJag::Congrats on the win tonight Suns
GeauxSaints53::heh I get it.
jimbowalsh10::lots of conversation going on in this game
Cannon_Moot518852::Can you pick the best nba team:  http://tinyurl.com/challenge-free-nba2
John5249::Anthony Davis is going to be a superstar.
Fakers are Out::he already is.. he is the UGLIEST MAN that ever lived
NBA Announcer::Hello, just stopping by to see what's up.
wunderrr::i m gonna get these. LeGOAT!  http://store.nike.com/de/de_de/?l=shop,pdp,ctr-inline/cid-300/pid-699293/pgid-779602
Hawaiian Raiders::Thank You PHX for a 17 pt 3rd...looking for more lottery balls..
TucsonTodd::2nd quarter was 17 points.  3rd quarter wasn't much better at 19 points.  What really hurt was they surrendered 35 points to a bunch of guys you couldn't pick out of a lineup.
ballerbooboo::it so funny and obvious that suns tanking....horrible play in every game in 2 half....LOL making tanking so obvious
TucsonTodd::Disagree.  This team can't compete for 48 minutes.
ballerbooboo::scola and dragic usually give 100% effort but lately they dont care anymore... so it got to be tanking...at least we get good draft position. maybe we get marcus smart
cdub8504::Can kirk gibson coach the suns too?
sjhaou::is anyone else hungry??
TucsonTodd::This Suns team should be demoted to the D-League.
Hawaiian Raiders::The C leauge
mikeisildur::If Hornets &gt; Suns and Suns &gt; Lakers, then Hornets &gt; Lakers, right?
Big South Carolina Cocks fan::i was pullin tubes with Beasley before the game
Giants10_Twuan89::Michael Teasley 1/11
Big South Carolina Cocks fan::i'm glad the suns didnt get that chump from the pelicans in the off season. most overrated player in the nba
rthomas_83::He's top ten at his position
Orange6O2::His heart was in Phoenix.
Orange6O2::Just lay down and accept your beating, Suns.
NCAA Loves Bribes::dont choke this away freaking pelicants!!
Fakers are Out::pick a winner between these two trash cans LOL
DJamesRuhere::what happened to Austin Rivers? guy looked lost out there when he was healthy...that looks like a bad pick
bigbluenation90::I go to hornets games, he was coming into his own...its just that popular opinion to say that...I see him live
NolaJag::He improved throughout the season. He had a good first step, but he simply could not finish at the rim. He was actually one of the better defenders on the team.   You will probably see him improve once his body continues to mature, and he gains a bit of weight so he can finish at the rim. He also needs to continue to develop a jump shot.
rthomas_83::Austin Rivers is your classic tweener. Not a point guard... Doesn't have the size of a two guard. Also... How can you be a two guard and can't shoot?  I like Austin the person... But not sure about his upside.
NolaJag::He's solid on defense, but needs to get there on offense. I think he can develop into a good role player, which is all this pelican team needs from him in the future.
DJamesRuhere::I just don't see it man....isn't a pure point guard and isn't tall enough to be a starting SG...I thought he was going to be solid when I watched him in high school and college but mentally he just seems lost, like he doesn't know who to be
Real_Salt Lake::Hope the Pelicans continue to play like this when they face the Fakers
ESTAV1968::this league has become to watered down. way to many teams and no where near the amount of good players. there are some really pathetic teams and players out there
DJamesRuhere::I completely agree with u....College needs a 3 year rule like college football....look at the #2 overall picks in recent years....Beasley, Derick Williams, etc..all look live role players
pokersmitty05::Wow Suns are bad where is Steve Nash?
Nash_Owns_LA::Traded and injured. Where have you been all year?
Hottotrot23::F. u ck the Nba
sonofben91::Ill put my house on PHX scoring less than 15 this Q
JoJo_Vinson649897::Woohoo Draft time for Today:  http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-draft-challenge4
Joshdodgers::the rock
Giants10_Twuan89::I wish he would have beat John Cena.
thompson19osu::Where is Bookier666 saying Suns were a lock.
Hottotrot23::Nba gatbage league
ballerbooboo::gosh i hate the suns.....everytime i think they might win a game in 2h they choked it up...lmao
ballerbooboo::i forgot only garbage team need one bad quarter to lose the game...and thats the phoenix suns...LOL
NolaJag::Davis should teach Dwight Howard how to shoot a free throw.
Joeb7853::I give up...just give Beasley a Hornets uniform. He's doing them more good than he is Phoenix!!
FS_The_2nd::It's amazing how good Brooke Lopez is and how much Robin Lopez sucks.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Every AZ Sports team loses on tuesday -2.5 100$ double or nothing for each sport?
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Dragic looks confident one game. Then the next game he thinks about his shot a sh.it load.
FS_The_2nd::This isn't fair, the Suns aren't even trying
ESTAV1968::IF ANYbody here wants to be a millionaire. just ask me who i bet, and bet against it. guaranteed winner for you
Joeb7853::Get Beasley out while you still have a chance Suns!!!!!
Aceman32223::Email me for plays bballap32@aol.com ... 10/11 mlb bets past 2 days. I'm a fuucken winner all those other cappers suck, email me now if you want 5k in the next 2 weeks idc if you do $20 parlays.
Restreps23::jdrestr@ilstu.edu
thompson19osu::t19osu@yahoo.com Hit me up with your picks.
mlap2828::Do me a favor send me an email mlap2828@gmail.com. Interested in your plays
