aat504::Title is wrong...it says that this is the Hornets first two game winning streak except we won our first two..
Clarence2126::how do you beat miami two out of three times and then lose to one of the worst teams in the entire nba? the bucks need to be seriuosly embarrassed! if this doesnt wake them up nothing will!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tincuprob::I have an idea to make the NBA more interesting.  They should reserve the 8th playoff spot in each conference for a team of all-stars from the teams that didn't make the playoffs.
tincuprob::I wonder if Milw. can hang up a banner that reads:  2012:  We beat Miami twice!!  That is probably all they are going to be able to hang their hat on for at least a decade.
NoPoints4SecondPlace::The Bucks need some major changes.  New Arena, new coach, new owner, new players, new uniforms, new colors, new team name--the whole nine.  I'm tired of this team embarrasing us Wisconsinites.  And please, if Jennings would like to leave, trade him now.  A real PG should not shoot that bad and record only 3 assists.  There, I said it.
Spursdc::Jennings is overrated
lowline72::So if the Bucks were in the big ten where would they finish?
dpackrules::NOW can people see why we should of traded for kamen.... Kohls spinster is so tigh he has diamonds instead of hemorrhoids! And skiles is just plain and simple BAD!!!  Play harris and leuer every minute so they can be studs when they leave us via free agency!!!
Frank38443::Not based on tonight.. 8/23 (34.7%) shooting is pretty bad for a center. Once in a blue moon he has a strong performance.
dpackrules::Same old bucks,, Get everyone excited then suck and break hearts!!!
lowline72::i know right?  They beat the best teams in the league then tank it against the worst!
Frank38443::Holy crap the Bucks are awful.
gustiwrx::http://www.elite-cappers.com Free sport advice join up!!!
23bayoubum::And this is with Okafor, Jack, Landry, and Smith all injured. If they were all healthy, we would be getting wins. But good job tonight considering we only had 10 dressed men. Geaux Hornets!
dcenate2012::Jennings, Bogut, and well everyone except Leuer and Harris need to leave. Rebuild this $@%! $@% team
dcenate2012::Jennings has been well.. more inconsistent lately and it seems like the team doesn't care again.
bill 40::Contract the NBA....and take Milwaukee first...........let's get another pro football team???
lowline72::As disappointng as the Bucks are I would be heartbroken if they moved.  Going to Bucks games is a blast even if they aren't that good.
bill 40::I'm a big time Wisconsin sports fan and i have to say................Why do we even have a pro team??  We don't have a chance in a small market with no money........and nobody wants to play in Milwaukee........hell Kareem didn't want to play in Milwaukee and left in 1972
mka419::I never get to see Bucks games since I live in Tennessee, so I'm going to ask:  Why doesn't Tobias Harris get significant minutes.  Is he struggling that bad?
Malcyon1::It's because Skiles is a ****ing moron.
Bhintage::Good thing Jennings is keeping his options open.  With a performance like that, McDonalds will want him BADLY!!!  He can serve up fries then.
Eazy D45::I am a huge Bucks fan....It sucks being a Bucks fan.
Clarence2126::the hornets have a reason to be bad. they lost their best player and their injury list looks like a mash unit!
lowline72::I feel your pain bro.
FullMetalTiger::Other than the last two games, being a hornets fan hasn't been that much to write home about. Dont feel bad.
Eazy D45::True that.
Kobethamvp24x::Whats up with the bad teams winning tonight  Phoenix,Detroit, Cleveland, and New Orleans all possibly have wins. tonight.
Frank38443::Yep, everyone but the Bobcats lol. I'm glad though, I hate MJ as an owner and all the problems he caused during the CBA negotiations. If it were up to Jordan there wouldn't have even been a season. We can see now why that selfish bum of an owner didn't want one. That has less to do with them being a small market team than Jordan running that team into the ground with his atrocious managing "skills".
FullMetalTiger::The little man building up to its revolution to overthrow the big city basketball oligarchy!   LONG LIVE THE LITTLE GUYS!
FullMetalTiger::"And with that win..the Hornets will enjoy their longest winning sreak of the season.......two."  Hornets commentators
KeMvP277::lol D-will is socially awkward.
FullMetalTiger::Two in a row? BREAK UP THE HORNETS! LOL  Good to see the boys having some fun and playing hard. Keep it up fellas
lowline72::Wow how dissapointing.  I'm going to throw my Bucks hat across the room now!
lowline72::Even if they do get the lottery they are going to get a guy for 3-4 years then he is going to want to get paid in a bigger market or play with his friends like the Heat.  The bucks need to build a winner so guys will want to stay there.
Eazy D45::It's almost better to start rooting against them if you are a Bucks fan.  At best we get an 8th seed then get swept in round 1.  I'd rather start losing and increasing our odds of winning the draft lottery in what is supposed to be a very deep draft.
DaMuthaBuckinBucks::Damn Bucks!
buckspackers23::Attanasio will buy the Bucks, we will hire Phil Jackson and make Skiles an assistant, and Howard will be traded to the Bucks for Jackson.
Frank38443::hahahahahhahaha! good one
gcook731::dream on dream on dream on dream on dddrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaamm oon  ddddddddrrrrrreeeeeaaaammm on - aerosmith
tarresque::One can hope
blackgold123321::Let's go Hornets!! Two in a row!
KeMvP277::To the playoffs we go!
KeMvP277::HORNETS WON 2 IN A ROW... What is happening.
greg3468::We are trying to blow our lottery pick(s)
KeMvP277::i know. I'm not happy. but a couple of wins won't hurt.
kgdobby17::Bucks fan here: BLOW IT UP!!  MAKE SOME CHANGES, THIS ISN'T WORKING!
inefekt::he's rubbish, sub 40% career FG% (though admittedly he's improved this year) just doesn't cut it as a quality PG......he's nowhere near the likes of Nash and Paul who both shoot closer to 50 than 40
Frank38443::Nobody compares to Nash all around in shooting efficiency. He's less than a FG percentage point away from 50/40/90 career and nobody has ever accomplished that. Jennings is more of a SG anyway.
Go Home FIBs Go Home FIBs::Screw Jennings.  What an unlikeable d!ck.
lowline72::lol @ your name
lowline72::Agree.  They need to get as much as they can for Jennings cuz it sounds like he aint staying in Mil.
cameron789787::Dammit quit $@%!$@% up a good thing
gkm456::alrite who wins the big ten
gkm456::and im a michigan fan
gkm456::no michigan state
buckspackers23::OSU, then Michigan, then Wis.
DirtBaGP::Fu&gt;CK milwaukee and everyone that lives in that $@%!$@ city
tarresque::Some guys look like they're working hard out there, but they're carrying dead weight
Jeff7429::this was all about the ticker.  Bucks have no heart...Sjackson is a cancer
buckspackers23::That's really nice, and mature.
Jeff7429::very embarrassing loss..... Skiles has to be on a job watch.
buckspackers23::Jesus, have we scored with under 20 seconds left at all this season?
DirtBaGP::great pass dunleavy. as.shole
KNICKSGIANTSYANKEESALLDAY::JEREMY LIN ALL DAY HATERS! HAVE FUN WITH YOUR*awesome* teams, kids.
gcook731::have fun with ur chinese $@%!$ u $@%!$
Jeff7429::since Bucks cost me $ on the spread tonight...VERY HAPPY the bums lost outright :)
KNICKSGIANTSYANKEESALLDAY::LINNING AND WINNING! LINSANE IN THE MEMBRANE! TO LINFINITY AND BEYOND! ALL HE DOES IS LINLINLIN NO MATTER WHAT!
Mets2410::dude nobody here cares about J-Lin go talk about it on the Knicks board or go to talk to your friends or something
buckspackers23::You're pathetic.
Mets2410::rather have Jennings than Lin
buckspackers23::Are you 5?
KNICKSGIANTSYANKEESALLDAY::jelly bucks fan is jelly, suckit jelly fan
DirtBaGP::sorry $@%!$@%! lost to a euro league team
Mets2410::Hornets fans is Eric Gordon gonna play at all this year?
blackgold123321::Also about Gordon, he is supposed to have surgery on his knee and be out another 6 weeks. Hopefully he comes back sometime this year..
blackgold123321::Yes I'm a Hornets fan and always will be. I don't just jump on the bandwagon when they do good
KNICKSGIANTSYANKEESALLDAY::hold up hold up, HORNETS HAVE FANS?
Frank38443::greg that was before Stern completely screwed the Hornets over and nixed the first trade. Blame Stern
greg3468::sold 10,000 NEW season tickets this year.  Not so bright down here, but we are passionate!
KeMvP277::More fans than the mets. And within the last 20 games.
Mets2410::lol
Jeff7429::llysa you are 6'10....jumpers all the time ??
nfcnorthchamps25::The Bucks are done. I cant believe I had faith in them for this long.(and im not just talking about in this game)
buckspackers23::Ilyasova... shoot a fucking layup!!!!
DirtBaGP::man damn. good pass jackson. he $@%!.ed it up
jpm70127::Hornets about lose yet another 4th quarter lead..story of their season.
whodat00000::i believe they be winnin and u be trippin
DirtBaGP::get the $@%!$@% rebound
DirtBaGP::2pts
Jeff7429::NOrleans offensive rebounds = heart
buckspackers23::Why wouldn't you put delfino in when you're down 3?
Jeff7429::Skiles clueless about line ups
DirtBaGP::if there was ever a time to play some DEFENSE Its NOW
