Gregory Hamlin::The Nets right now are playing like the 3rd best team in the East. Oh by the way they are 2-0 vs the Heat this season. Just imagine how good this team could be if Lopez was healthy and DWill didnt constantly miss time due to injury. Brooklyn will make some noise in the playoffs and will give Indiana and Miami a run for their money.
Mitul Patel::IMO lopez being out is the reason why this team is playing the way it is. The reason we lost many of the games is cause lopez holding the ball to much down low, getting double teamed. This version of the nets, the ball is just constantly moving on the perimeter and inside out game which just leads to many open shots.
Gregory Hamlin::Mitul Patel True. I can agree with you 100%. As much as I really like Lopez and think he is the best Center in the NBA cuz he can score and not too many 7ft Centers can shoot FTs as good as him. I think the ball wasnt moving alot with him on the court. This Nets team is much more free flowing on offense. I will say this though, without Lopez i dont think the Nets will win the Championship. If they had Lopez he gives them a great chance to do so. I do think this Nets team can and will challenge any team in the East hard for the chance to go to the Finals.
Wade Russ::The Nets are a mismatch nightmare.      This team healthy, with the players bring together, is looking very impressive.    You idiots can keep judging them on 2013, but I guess that's why you're idiots.
Robert W Hurtado::Nets look to get closer to the division leaders Toronto, easy win tonight against the Magic,2 games behind Toronto, Lets go NETS!!!
Arthur J Beezwax III::"Easy win"? Isn't that what they said the first time the Nets faced the Magic? What happened?
Mitul Patel::Arthur J Beezwax III  Orlando was the third game of the season, at that point nets had no identity. Its a whole new different nets team, they are playing at a higher level.
Matt Greene::With the first pick the orlando magic select Jabari parker  !!!!!
Aniefiok Offiong::I agree he is overpaid, but Joe Johnson has always been an underrated star. He does his thing quietly. Always been one of my favorite players since Phoenix Suns. He's not flashy, plays below the rim, but he's effective. Gets fouled a lot but just doesn't get the calls 'cause he's so quiet. If he got his deserving foul calls he would be averaging atleast 22 ppg easily. Hope he stays consistent!!!
Bernard Jean::At least the Magic continue to play hard unlike other teams when they get knocked down. *cough, cough Knicks*
Patrick Foote::Kyle O Quinn looks talented
Linwood Miller::so true
Matt Greene::With the 1st and 14th pick the Orlando magic take  Jabari Parker and Doug McDermott .   2 dominant pure shooters who can reb dribble and play multiple positions . This d12 trade finally might help us get what we wanted all along . A Future LBJ .  2014 starters  Orlandipo  Aafalo  Doug McDermott  Jabari Parker  Nick Vucevic  Thats gonna be a dominant team even if they don't win immediately ! At least a 6 7 8 seed lineup first year ! Lets not forget we got a ton of cap space coming in 2015 for even more talent to develop Orlando's 1st  NBA Championship !!!!
Matt Elmore::Call me crazy, but it's not too inconceivable to see the Nets surprise Miami in the second round after all. Kidd has won over the locker room, the team is playing selfless basketball, and most importantly, they are competing every night. This isn't the same team that laid down against Minnesota in November
Arthur J Beezwax III::These are games where Vaugn needs to jump on Nelson to PUSH the ball up court. NOT walk the ball up. The Magic are playing an OLD team that wants nothing but half court. If Nelson is LAZY yet again and doesn't PUSH the pace, the Magic will LOSE playing right into their wrinkled hands.
Nick Andrito::weird question ..  either towards the end of the 3rd or near start of 4th there was a beat that was played in the back ground im trying to figure out what song it was..  i would describe the beat as a horn.  sounded like something that would be big pun / fat joe / terror squad...  any help?  lol.
Shoon Robben::this? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlT_Jt-dQ00
Jose JR Olivares::Nets lost last game against them cause the night before they went in overtime with Miami. Even though they meet again on a back to back, things are a lil different this time cause the Knicks game was a blow out
Mitul Patel::it wasn't a back to back....
Arthur J Beezwax III::People, both Davis and Harris were out for that game and many more. Sure things will be different.
Robert Fanslau::idiot magic didnt drive at the end to cover the spread... instead o'quinn shoots an impossible shot and of course bricks
Eriko Jim::Fools gold. They been beating up on bad teams in eastern conference, the Washington Bullets are 2x better than them
Jimmy Guzmán::I hope you're not talking about the Nets because if you are you have no idea what the heck you're talking about. Nets beat Miami twice, they beat OKC, and they beat Golden State but I guess those aren't good teams, right?
Arthur J Beezwax III::Those must have been strong worded TANKING orders at half time.
Jeff Izzo::Any chance this game is canceled? Or is the Magic already in NY? Thanks
Robert W Hurtado::So far no cancellations, NETS are in a roll, I hope they don't cancel the game. Is really bad outside 8 inches of snow and more to come
Rhett Carillo::Now the Nets will win Championship! :P
Hanni Demetrious::Game still on? No cancellation?
