junkedup58::People in Chicago, 1991-2010:  "We love Michael Jordan because he won! Nothing else matters! His personal demons don't concern us!"    People in Chicago, 2010-Present:  "We love Derrick Rose because he's so humble! It's not about what he does on the court! He's a hometown kid!"
mark35345::The Suns stink! Let's see Boozer have a monster game in the playoffs - this regular pre season stuff is entertaining but surreal if Boozer plays like he did last year in the playoffs.
spalin4pres::we should trash rose and noah for nash and gortat
gallupsean::damn we keep winning like this we got the championship for sure.
mark35345::The regular season is meaningless...just ask Lebron and the Cavaliers
davidholston4nba::stop complaining about boozer's defense!!!! the bulls are 13-3 and are allowing the least amount of points in the league so obviously they're doing something right!!!! individually he's not good, but there is plenty of good d to back him up
RunTheBall22::People will stop when he plays better, and other people should not have to always have pick up his slack
lovesports3409::Boozer has to be more consistent at finishing at the basket. Stop the yelling and put the ball in the basket.
davidholston4nba::boozer has been doin this all year, but he's not getting the ball. why are they doin the pick and roll with noah when boozer is a legitimate threat every game to make the 15 footer. he is a legitimate second scoring option to rose.
threalReginald::The Suns have a much better roster than 4-9 what is wrong with this team they 3 or 4 guys that are capable of scoring 20 a night!
mark35345::They don't rebound, play defense, or block any shots for that matter.
Chicagocold312::Good Show for Noah and Boozer, keep up the good work. I see that Joakim cares what's being said about him. If ya didn't know Miami won the 'Ship last night, the way they were celebrating.
SevereInsanity::Joakim shot a 3???? Wasn't watching the game.
Rambomonster9::Who is the NBA's "PER" leader,  point per minute leader, FG% leader AND 3pt% leader???....MIKE MILLER $@%!$@%!
Detmar08::Miller looks like a homeless dbag
basketballdiaries::Nash to Knicks please.
rynodesign::Steve Nash is still great.  Nice to see Boozer &amp; Noah get going.  Good effort by Chicago. The first quarter was insane there was only one timeout and it was run and gun. Fun to watch. Also Omer the Turkish Hammer was doing his thing. He is pretty good around the rim. Big body, tough on D, once he gets his hands he'll be a good center in this league.
nba is the worst::Nice to see Watson played well - and to see Hamilton played
jamie3_6_0::when the bulls are playing well there is always a basher...lets go bulls
biglump41::Gortat is a baaad man!He belongs in the convo for second best big in the game.Even though number 1 is not that clearly defined.
kfoges03::Good to see the B team steppin up, hopefully this brings them out of their shell a little bit to help Rose even more when he gets back
Masterpacker12::Nice to see Boozer doing great these past few games, hopefully he can keep it up! SEE RED GO BULLS!
Jaguarcrazyboy::Bulls got the job done without Rose.. They still beat a bad team like they were a bad team.GO BULLS
brcoke::Bulls 2nd team is better than most starting five in the nba
Doneebear::I'm sure the Suns felt they had a sure win without Derrick playing, but the rest of the guys stood up to the challenge!  Way to go Bulls!
ebg87::I don't care what Boozer scores in a game because no matter, the amount he gives up in lack of defense will more than offset what he scores, as it did tonight.  The entire Bulls team defense sucked -- 97 points for the opponent!
Ismar9921::and please, stay out of nba, you dont know a jackshit about it
Ismar9921::what a load of bollocks
mpurcell87::the suns r a running team who always score a lot of points. Whenever nash is on the floor the team is gonna score. the bulls kept up the pace and won the game. what else u want?
superpieman802::maybe if you repost this 84 more times people will listen
Jaguarcrazyboy::Bulls played well. As I thought, Noah and Boozer played great when Rip is on the floor.
ed9116::Dude the Bulls won by 20+ without the reigning MVP who is BY FAR the best player on the team.... and the 2nd best player only had 15 points. It was the first time the Bulls have given up over 80 at home this year. They have played more games than any other team so far this season which will only help.   Not to mention when your starters are sitting most of the 4th because of the 20+ point lead your D is going to suffer. Considering Scalabrine and and Butler played then you know it was a blow out.
FranklinStrut::So the  Bulls played poorly? You write nonsense. The Bulls won and 2 guys that have been struggling together put up solid numbers as well as showed signs of chemistry. There is no reason not to hope for more of the same. They will shut the Cavaliers down defensively.   Be happy. Do not whine over a 21 point win.
2cbULLS::Adding "!" doesn't mask your outrageous number of re posts!
yaq87::dont get excited about  boozer any player have season high scoring its against the suns. traden basket kills me as suns fan
ebg87::You are correct -- I don't care what Boozer scores in a game because no matter, the amount he gives up in lack of defense will more than offset what he scores, as it did tonight.  The entire Bulls team defense sucked -- 97 points for the opponent!
2cbULLS::!
FranklinStrut::About time we saw a big night from Noah and Boozer. Lets see about 46 plus about 20 more.   I know the suns a bunch of dudes that are way past their prime. But I am hopeful.
davidholston4nba::dude boozer is shooting 52% from the field this year. get him in the pick and roll with rose instead of noah and youve got 25 a night plus boozer didnt even play in the 4th cause they were ahead so much
ebg87::I don't care what Boozer scores in a game because no matter, the amount he gives up in lack of defense will more than offset what he scores, as it did tonight.  The entire Bulls team defense sucked -- 97 points for the opponent!
2cbULLS::!
SamTonyMontanaHurd::Don't let Steve Nash hear that.
FranklinStrut::He knows. He is still good but he knows. Time catches all.
SamTonyMontanaHurd::How many players in the Bench Mob would be starters on other NBA teams? I'll say Asik, Watson, Gibson, and arguably Brewer.
stephenS3789::CJ and Gibson for sure, probably Omer, but not "Chicago's Finest Brew."
GrizzK4::What? The 2nd string would be playing against another 2nd string?? What a novel idea!
ebg87::In my view: Arguably none of them.  C'mon -- they're usually playing against the opponents second team or an already exhausted team of starters.
davidholston4nba::well gibson and asik have been playing 4th quarters instead of boozer and noah when defense is a necessity. they lack in offense they make up for in defense.
BringbackDtrain::How bout them apple. 6/6 fg 18 pts mike miller, told ya'll
bull6475::And you're posting on a Bulls conversation.  Wow.
SamTonyMontanaHurd::Congrats,  the Spurs still don't know how to win on the road.
jjw3456::asik
jjw3456::Asik is a beast he is playing like an allstar in his second year
ASaini91::If Boozer can do what he did tonight on a consistent basis, I wouldn't feel bad that Chicago was giving him all that money.  But I'll still take the inconsistency over not having anything at all
ebg87::I don't care what Boozer scores in a game because no matter, the amount he gives up in lack of defense will more than offset what he scores, as it did tonight.  The entire Bulls team defense sucked -- 97 points for the opponent!
2cbULLS::!
jjw3456::it doesnt matter boozer and noah have been pretty bad since boozer came in and we have been destroying teams our defense backs him up if we score 85 to 90 points we automatically win
88dj880::Man is there a worse defensive team then the Suns. They suck something fierce.
ebg87::The Bulls defense didn't exactly look good either -- 97 points for opponent!
2cbULLS::!
greg94327::Everyones still hating on Boozer....hes having an all star caliber year. if only hed play some $@%!$@ defense
ebg87::I don't care what Boozer scores in a game because no matter, the amount he gives up in lack of defense will more than offset what he scores, as it did tonight.  The entire Bulls team defense sucked -- 97 points for the opponent!
2cbULLS::!
johnrowley12::As a true Bulls fan; He still sucks at defense.
MEEENMACHINE::CJ WATSON MVP MVP MVP ! 66% from the field , 23 points, 5 assists ZERO turnovers ! That's an upgrade !  Bulls Defense ..Put any player in the point guard position , any point guard comes out like a stud...Not a coincidence ! Not to hard to get ahead of the field after a defensive stop and get a layup or dunk , might not be as flashy , but still the same 2 points. 3 of the 4 games Rose was out in the last 2 years, the backup point guards played better then Rose did !
DROSE-IS-NUMBER-ONE::Not Hating on cj but hes not better than rose. when rose is healthy, hell even when he's hurt, he plays better than any point guard in the league. i still cant believe the nba CP3 before rose on the rankings list. cj played one hell of a game though for real
mpurcell87::ur an idiot
Jaywashing::I know, right? Rose: 0 points, 0 rebounds, 0 assists. CJ Watson should be the starter.
bigjoel_2000::obviously they played better than Rose did if Rose didn't play lol
SifuChris88::"Chicago, playing its league-high 16th game in the season's 24 days, is off the next two days, giving Rose five days of rest since he played Saturday against Toronto." -- NBA .com (through the AP)  All that and Rip / C.J. hurt for a combined 15 games too? Don't forget that management is also thinking about not letting Rose play until the Nets or Pacers game. You'd think Chicago would hover around .625 at best without Rose so far.. But NOPE, Da Bulls are at a whopping 81.2 win percentage (best in the NBA)!! That's a testament to good coaching, deep roster building, and team chemistry...
johnrowley12::Let D-Rose sit till the Pacers game.  By then it will have given him 11 days off in a row.  As for the other injuries, it's nice to have C.J. Watson back.  Rip is going to have to battle Brewer because he's playing pretty solid if you ask me.  He's shooting very well and always plays lock down defense and his size against smaller SG's is an advantage.
SWIFTSLICK::Let's not make it like they beat Miami. They beat the Suns who BTW...SUCK.   Remember that Boozer was the leading scorer in this game. Anyone one else think that's gonna happen again anytime soon?
DROSE-IS-NUMBER-ONE::dont be a hater. a win is a win. it was a good win consideriing the game they had against memphis
ebg87::You are right on!
2cbULLS::!
IlliniDave68::This only proves that the previous game against Memphis was an aberration. When you shoot in the low 30% range from the field in the first half while the other team is shooting practically 70%, you get a 20 point deficit at halftime. People need to keep in mind that the Grizzlies shot 54% for the game and were just hot while the Bulls really didn't find their shot all day.  *SHRUG* It happens.
ebg87::There should be no excuse for not showing up at the Memphis game -- the team just plain sucked!
2cbULLS::!
SifuChris88::$H1+ happens...
ChicagoSportsFTW8510::"The Bulls can't win without Rose." "Bulls=one man show." "No one else can score but Rose."  Where you haters at now?  Or did you just realize we played without Rip and CJ the past two weeks?
SifuChris88::That said, our reserve SG (Brewer) &amp; back up of a back up PG (Lucas) still averaged double-digit scoring during that span.. That's DEEP!!
her0miles::The Bulls need to play a few games without Rose. They need to know how to play well not just when Rose is playing, but when Rose isn't playing. It definitely helps.
trackotaco::Rose will probably sit out the Cleveland game and the Charlotte game... The current roster should be able to handle both those teams without Rose... The #1 concern should be getting him healthy again and not rushing him back
jamesglos1982::The Bulls need to get more respect
ebg87::No respect from me -- did you see the game???  I don't care what Boozer scores in a game because no matter, the amount he gives up in lack of defense will more than offset what he scores, as it did tonight.  The entire Bulls team defense sucked -- 97 points for the opponent!
2cbULLS::!
Blaugrana1899::one good game and we have to respect him? idiot
Eddie_Z8::Boozer needs to get more respect...from the coaching staff and the fans.
trackotaco::when he starts playing defense he will get my respect....
trackotaco::The Bulls 5 starters combined to shoot 69% from the field as they are now 13-3. Take your time Derrick and just be healthy. These games mean almost nothing in the regular season. It's Darwinism in the NBA this season (survival of the fittest). Just be ready to go in the playoffs.
mpurcell87::seeding is going to matter
SifuChris88::The Five Pillars of the Rose's Creed  I. Derrick Rose a.k.a. 'The Windy City Assassin': "I am the Point God, and all who believe in me shall be saved from the lies of the false King.. When I will usher in the return of the true competitors to this sport with honest effort and selfless talent. For I am Too Fast, Too Strong, and Too Good to lie".  II. Luol Deng a.k.a. 'Lu': "I am called Lu.. And all who follow the Rose's Creed shall know when I am there - to aid or deliver them, when they speak the word... Daaaaaaaang!!"  III. Joakim Noah a.k.a. 'Jo': "They call me Jo.. But my opponents and rivals will yell, 'Oh No!', when I deny them their shot and recover their precious rock. Only to slam it in their face as I hang from on high above them".  IV. Carlos Boozer a.k.a. 'The Booze': My supporters and detractors alike delight in jeering and throwing taunts at me, but they change their tune quickly enough.. When I make shot after shot and show brutal force that was underestimated, in the fights under the rim. I'll drink to the look on their faces every night..."  V. Richard Hamilton a.k.a. 'Rip': While my body rips as easily as my jumper does to opposing defenses, I still soldier on.. For I know my cause is too fulfilling to submit to merely pain and the ravages of time to my skills.. I won't stop fighting until I wear that ring - that symbol of greatness - once more on my hand."
MEEENMACHINE::Bulls fans ...5 more wins like this w/o Rose ...You will finally find out why the Bulls were indeed so good last year , not because of Rose and his once in a game acrobatic Sportcenter highlight but for the incredible Bulls defense, attributed to Thibs. ...When a Howard package(Includes Jameer Nelson and Ryan Anderson) will be proposed in exchange for Noah and Rose , the Bulls better take it , because Rose's stock will never be as high as it is now. He was exposed last year in the Playoffs , that he is a determent to the team in the 1/2 court set .
DROSE-IS-NUMBER-ONE::i think this is the worst comment i have read today. how could you dog on rose like that??? jameer nelson isnt $@%! compared to DRose. dont forget who won mvp $@%!$@% and that only takes one person to achieve, not the whole team.
Whitesoxfan341992::Derrick Rose is and always will be a bull end of story
Hardcore4Hoops::Youre always knocking Rose.  Why?  I think youre fixated on DRose
MEEENMACHINE::CJ WATSON MVP MVP MVP
mofoyoyoyo::Are you high?
minny snowta::hush!
bull6475::Wow, and the Heat are still front page news?  This is about as old as Dick Clark.
amyredden1::HEY WHERE SHOULD I COMMIT, UNC OR OHIO STATE???  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfVxUn1qC9k
MrMacross::I had to go to basketball-reference to find the last time Boozer scored 30 pts. in a game. 1/7/11, more than 12 months ago.
mpurcell87::can everyone shut up. the bulls are 13-3. what else u want? the coaching staff knows more than any of you.
imhungry13579::thats because rose shoots too much
JustDza::No I completely agree, Rose shoots too much for anyone to score a lot.  The Bull's offensive system gears towards the guards.  Besides Rose, Deng is the only guy that will put up huge numbers.
Mlaponsky::Oh, yea that makes sense. Because any time the most athletic player on your team takes 16-17 shots per game, he's shooting too much. That is absolutely true. That is an incredibly high number of shots. (Note the sarcasm...wait for it to sink in....)
Madhouse_United::Can't wait for the Bulls to face the Pacers at home. That game will be a showdown. Not long after, we got the you know who's away and the Sixers away.
OJKobeBradySabanPacquio::If the Heat  had Rose Lebron wade bosh and Howard....  they would lose in the finals to the Lakers without Bynum
OJKobeBradySabanPacquio::Trade Rose for Mario Chalmers
DROSE-IS-NUMBER-ONE::your a $@%!$@% $@%!$@%
Madhouse_United::Who should we play against Cleveland? Should Rose play because it's away or should we just make sure to get him at 100% ASAP?
Madhouse_United::What do you all think of Irving?
lbrownri::The kid is gonna be a star. Hard to guard, super talented. Sometimes it seams like he's going through the motion. Judge him after his 3rd season. His mentality will be confirmed by then.
brianhumbum1::Could probably send the bench out
andrewcubs1::let him sit. watson is doing just fine, the problem is the bigs and korver
Sport_Fanatic_AZST::Before the Suns became the Suns in 1968....These are the names that were considered: Scorpions, Rattlers, Thunderbirds, Wranglers, Mavericks, Mustangs and Cougars
Madhouse_United::Thunderbirds sounds the best.
MrMacross::Would've been great to have Thunder Dan the Thunderbird.
SifuChris88::Chicago's Bench Mob:  The Don - Brian Scalibrine a.k.a. "The White Mamba": The ever elusive, but deadly man behind the scenes... The Underboss - 'C.J.' Watson: The 'foreman' of this motley crew. The Bodyguard - Omer Asik a.k.a. "Asik &amp; Destroy", "Turkish Hammer / Delight", &amp; "Instan-Bull": Hurt a Bull, you get his horns! The Enforcers - Ronnie Brewer a.k.a. "Chicago's Finest Brew" and Taj Gibson a.k.a. "Tajy-Wu": They do the dirty work and like it.. The Hitman - Kyle Korver a.k.a. "Hot Sauce": You need a shot made and he'll get it done (lately he has been slippin' though lol). The Made Man - John Lucas III a.k.a. "Jon Luc": He doesn't have to do much, 'cuz he's on the same team as the Point God.. The Kid - Jimmy Butler a.k.a "Jimmy B": The new blood and he's showing promise, despite not seeing much action.
PO3_Cab::hahaha that's gangsta!
Lofton222726::look what CJ Watson can do when he gets the minutes. They need to work him into the game with D Rose more often. He scored 40 one game in Golden State and 38 in another. Pretty impressive to come back off of injury and immediately start ballin, 2 games in a row back to back
Madhouse_United::Scalabrine FTW!
andrewcubs1::stacey king blow.s! swirsky is better.
gocubs.263::I love Stacey King also
L E G O A T::Why doesnt Scal play point? or start for that matter
