dido24::Kyrie + LeBron would rule the NBA for a decade, if LeBron were to come back. As it is now, the Cavs have a ton to be excited about in this kid. His ceiling is nearly unlimited, and as the supporting cast improves around him, the Cavs will be back in contention in the East. Things are looking up, you can't deny that. Oh and that trade for Ellington and Speights is working out real nice.
BE17ALLPRO::Kyrie....AKA Baby Jordan
RunTheBall22_-_::if you mean the skill level MJ had when he was a baby then yeah
randumo24::Clearly you and the guy who liked your post don't know much about Jordan. He wasn't just born with the ability to play basketball. He wasn't even good enough to make his middle school team when he tried out.  Kyrie is a better player at 20 than Jordan was when he was 20.
peter_tom_willis75::I once said months ago Kyrie should start over Wade in the allstar game.  People laughed.
coltranesteelkirt::I was honestly unaware D Rose was still in the league.... His first game back, Kyrie will pull a wicked doublecross on him, sending him back to the IR.
iasimeone::He got rookie of the year, which is basically rookie MVP, so it'll happen pretty soon bub.
RunTheBall22_-_::Rookie of the year is only competing against other Rookies, and we already knew he was the best of that class. not even close.
RunTheBall22_-_::let me know when Kyrie gets an MVP. lol
Frank_Einstein1921::Rose's MVP was a punishment to Lebron, we all know it.
mickey28227::If Lebron comes back Kyrie will def leave. Lebron takes away to much from his teammates. Kyrie is going to be a great PG, he is working very hard at achieving that goal. Just when he starts to settle and get his game perfected Lebron will show up and take that away from him. Lebron cares only about himself and his numbers. Kyrie will be able to handle the PG position just fine but if he is getting more assists then Lebron he will try and take over to get his numbers higher. Just like Andy!! Notice Andy's #'s skyrocket after Lebron bailed, because Andy was finally able to take over his position instead of being pushed aside so Lebron could out rebound him!!! True and you know it!! I cheered when he left, I will be pissed if he returns!!
mickey28227::Truth kills ya doesn't it. Never thought of it until now!! Check Bosh... 4 years with the Raptors he has 10 rebounds per game. What does he have now?
randumo24::You just don't get basketball. Someone getting less rebounds because there is another good rebounder on the team doesn't mean that there is something being taken away. Basketball is a team game, and players play to win.  I guarantee LeBron would rather score 5 ppg and win, than 35 ppg &amp; lose.  Kyrie doesn't care about putting up huge numbers either. He scores a lot now because that's what his team needs him to do to give them the best chance to win.
Younga25379::you're an idiot
yata-9arasu::Look everyone.  Don't come on this board and talk trash just because we are excited about our team.  And regarding James.  I don't want him back but everyone is different.  I don't dislike him I just don't want him on our team.  Kyrie Irving had a great game and has been clutch ever since the 3rd game of his career.  No one trashed talked Rose.  Saying that Irving outplayed Rose in his first two years is not trash talk it is looking at the stats and making an observation.  It would be trash talk if I said Rose was a joke or that he sucks.  He doesn't.  I will always respect him and the Bulls fans.  I wish him and the Bulls well but Irving has played better so far in his career.
DMan101945::wonder how clipper fans feel about that baron davis first rounder for mo Williams and jamario moon swap today
peter_tom_willis75::I didn't see that but if that's true..........sucks for them.
peter_tom_willis75::Everyone seems to think the clippers pick was #1 but in reality, the cavs had more balls on their own pick because of their horrible record than what the clippers gave them.  Odds are the #1 was their own ball and Clippers would have had #4.  It sounds more dramatic though to say they gave up the #1 which equaled Kyrie.  I'm still happy getting Tristan for that trade.
whitebl09::No.. they NBA or whoever conducts it specifically said it was one of those Clipper balls.
my new account for the new year::Irving is a beast.
CoryJBogie::Yep, and he knows it, and is plotting his way to get the heck out of Cleveland
quickbr0wnf0x::And Cory is plotting ways to try to irk Cavs fans for the fun of it.
yata-9arasu::Lol.  Good luck with that.  He will be here until at least 2018/2019.
CoryJBogie::C'mon guys, let Cleveland be proud of Irving and their 13 wins. It's all they have with the Browns and Indians.
Sean31441::Sounds like someone is mad they are stuck in their moms basement
ricky2213::someone is mad
klew911::Cavs have a great young player in Irving, but they are going nowhere.  If Cavs fans had a brain, they'd make nice with LBJ and hope he comes back in about two years, bring Kevin Love with him and bring a title to Cleveland.  Two years from now Bron will still probably be the 2nd best player in the league behind Durant.  Any team will need a super dynamic duo or trio to win a title in two years because Durant, Westbrook and Ibaka will be a 2nd verson of Jordan, Pippen and Grant.  Thunder will be very very difficult to beat by then.
jmcca170::i still question the Thunder's ability to maximize their talent with Westbrook running the point. In two years, Lebron will be, what, 30? He'll still be the best player on the planet.
DMan101945::dude, the thunder will probably be trimming more money
keithsmlb::Can't compare the 90s bulls to the thunder just yet. Great players but 0 championships as of now
my new account for the new year::Still be the 2nd best player in the league behind Durant. AHAHAHAHA Lebron is ahead an will continue to be #1. Facts are facts, we can't deny it.
joe5302::Thirteenth win of the season and suddenly Cavs  fans think they have a better option than Lebron and talk $@%! about a hurt D Rose. Stay classy you clowns, and don't cry over Mr. glass Irving when his wild play injures him again. You'd think a city used to disappointment would be a bit more humble when it comes to a win, instead of declaring a player in their second season the goat. It wasn't that long ago you all were saying the same things about Lebron, but at least you were winning regular season games.
11ClevelandSteamer11::Hahah Joe you seem to get real worked up abut what us Cleveland fans think.  Go worry about your own team pal
kellenisasoldier::Um, I did go back and read that post. Didn't say D Rose was injury prone. And one post doesn't "prove a point". Gonna need a larger sample size.
K-Dubb28::haha go cry some more Joe Schmoe
scanmanOSU::I'll I can say is I'm sorry Joe, it must really suck to be a Raptors fan.
joe5302::Insightful, thanks for proving my point about the fans.
joe5302::CTown learn to read. Said they both are injury prone.   Enjoy your lottery season again. Keep thinking you're gonna get lucky like the Thunder, when Kyries contract is up and he looks at this team of nobodies and walks ill be looking forward to the next Cavs draft where suddenly they have the "greatest (insert position) of all time and no way he'll ever leave this amazing city" garbage you all are known for now.   Maybe you guys will get 25 wins this year with that trade. Amazing.
C-Town Fan 440::You say Kyrie is made of glass and then bring up Rose, where is Rose?... Haven't seen him for a while?
C-Town Fan 440::Joe, you sure do post here a lot for not being a Cavs fan... It bleeds jealousy, so my post was spot again... Thanks for playing Joe
C-Town Fan 440::Jealous much
jmcca170::players I'd start my franchise with. 1) Lebron 2) Durant 3) Irving
jimi3135::Lakers should trade nash for this dude.
yata-9arasu::No... Just no...  Lakers have nothing we want for Irving and that includes Howard.  Cavs future&gt;Lakers future.
quickbr0wnf0x::You forget, yata, that Lakers fans expect the other teams to be their farm teams, and trade them whatever they want.
Frank_Einstein1921::When you watch Kyrie you can't help but feel lucky as a Cavs fan.  We go from a 'once in a generation' Lebron, to a 'once in a generation' Kyrie.  I know we got shafted with 'the decision', but name another franchise that has regained a star so quickly after losing their previous one.
K-Dubb28::he caNT consume alcohol yet....kljhkahovnawiebguyvgavkeb vlasidug.... (-__-)
BootyLoaf::its rediculous how good this kid is just of of raw talent as a 20 year old.. in 5 years once he polishes off his game he'll by far be the best in the league
yata-9arasu::And in 5 years he would be just 25.... NOT EVEN IN HIS PRIME YET.  Wow...
vermincain2::Great shot by the youngster...
19brom::kyrie irving a littllle bitchhh, lucky shot, not much else u can say
K-Dubb28::check the front cover of ESPN the mag...they were prepared for him, obviously you aren't
taa2008::Need to read the scouting report better, just like the Raptors. The top-of-the-key three is the one three-point shot you do not let Kyrie have from anywhere near a makeable range.
coltranesteelkirt::maybe not much more YOU can say, but others can and will say plenty.. In fact, i'll make sure you hear of it, every time.   You are now permenently on my distribution list for all things Kyrie.
k_nak::what's going on with Lowry in Toronto?  Is he coming off an injury or something?  Also, what's with Landry Fields?  I don't know what system he works well in but he was almost a triple double threat at times in his first couple seasons and when he was playing with Lin last year.
19brom::lowry comes off the bench, way everyone likes it
coltranesteelkirt::If Kyrie was taking LeBron one on one, Kyrie would win, every time...  Probably shut King James out entirely.
cirilo2010::are you stupid or something? The King would wipe his $@% with Irving.
zonk928::Don't take Bosh's job away from him now....
Notta Lespn1::kyrie&gt; D&gt;Rose the point God? blasphemy
zonk928::Rose ready to come back again and ruin Chicago's chemistry?
Notta Lespn1::D.Rose participated in more wins in strike shortened MVP season than Irving in 1 year at duke and 2 so far with the cavs?  Get $@%!$@ some playing time he GOT finals exp.  cavs look like a d-league team the way they manage the roster  how all these unproven yung buck get so much playing time and losing at the same times BMHATW,AIH's ouch
Notta Lespn1::.
Frank_Einstein1921::Kyrie is amazing.
nargash::Cavs would have never came back with a bench consisting of Gibson,Walton,Livingston down in the 4th quarter. Ellington and Speights flat out made Cavs bench 100% better and can give Kyrie some rest at the beginning of the 4th. The fact Kyrie is enjoying playing with Speights just in 2 games already says a lot about him being a team player. Really bright future for Cavs here..!!
34kcb34::Now all the Cavs have to do is fire Byron Scott.  I hate that guy.
K-Dubb28::youre right, lets fire the guy who coached Nash and CP3.... educate yourself you fool
Frank_Einstein1921::Kyrie loves Scott.  He even referred to him as his basketball father.
coltranesteelkirt::well... Kyrie don't play defense, and Scott don't preach it, so... no wonder he likes him.
nargash::And hire who? Name me one coach that is sitting in their couch  other than Phil that can do better job than Scott?
MikeD3321::Why do you hate him?
GoTigers2015::Cavs seem to be loving Speights and Ellington. As a Grizz fan, I was sad to see them go and was questioning the trade, but it seems both teams are doing well now. Grizz lack of bench forced Hollins to play Tony Wroten and he's been great. Hope Cavs can continue to improve, sorry about Varejao as well, guy's a beast
Lugene Parker::Yes, as a grizz fan, I'm glad Mo and Wayne are continuing to do what they did for us here in the M Town.  Finally a trade that works out for both teams.  And their not even in our conference!  Keep it up Former Grizz players.  We're keeping an I on ya!
I81OICU812::Same play, same arena, same basket.......  Kyrie repeats "Lin for the Win" play.................
wshs42::Who's Lin?
YogaBeer::Looking for cap space, LA finds a trade partner with Cleveland.    They trade Luke Walton to LA for two 1st round picks, 2 second picks in alternating years and Dwight Howard.  Then, in a surprising move, the bucks looking for some 1st round picks trade Ilyasova for 2 1st round picks in 2013, a 2nd round in 2014 and Jeremy Pargo and Casspi.
Android1194::Gotta get some sleep. So good night and thanks to those that talked with me. Hope the Cavs become dominant one day and destroy all big market teams... lol. Anyway, good luck to you fans and for those who still feel bitter about Lebron plz forgive him, at least he indirectly gave you Irving.
yata-9arasu::Good luck to your team and thanks for the wishes!  Same to you!  Good night!  GO CAVS!!!
adeptimg::Nite droid and yata. Pro Bowl tomorrow. Wake me up when it's over.
Antsea91::Nothing new just kyrie being clutch as usual.
Notta Lespn1::clutch ?20 games under? i wish i could work or play for you
sportsfan1014::so close..
adeptimg::Sorry. Thought you were a Raptors fan. Interesting choice of teams.
adeptimg::You guys have owned us for awhile.This has been a long time coming. Glad you have hockey back.
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::Sick shot. This should be on the front-page of ESPN.
OK.IM.RELOADED::yea that will never happen.
OK.IM.RELOADED::if it came down to EITHER kyrie or lebron.... im taking kyrie 10x outta 10.
OK.IM.RELOADED::put it like this..... if lebron coming back means kyrie would eventually leave, then id have to say bron cant come back lol this is kyries team. sh*t, its kyries city now.
adeptimg::Ditto on the wishes.
Android1194::Most definitely. I like lebron but i hate big markets (not all big martket teams just the big market they live in). This is why me, who is not a fan, is here and wishes the best for Irving and the cavs.
adeptimg::Perhaps, but that recent trade was HUGE. Suddenly the Cavs are closers. It hasn't been that way all season. And the future looks brighter.
Android1194::Yes i understand that but the Cavs have to develop further for that to happen and we can't just assume everything will turn out for the best for this team. Lebron coming back to Cleveland would mean to help Irving get a ring, no doubt about that, but right now there's just not enough to this team.
adeptimg::But Kyrie Does not play enough D. Mr Underated Mike Brown would have had him playing better defense by now.. LeBron would want to come back to play WITH Kyrie if he was coming back.
Android1194::Obviously your correct, to acquire Lebron at this point in his career is to win now which is not the case with Cleveland...not even close. Kyrie's gonna give you guys a real shot at being a next generation contender and hopefully you guys keep him forever, and i'm serious. Also the media wanted Lebron to win so much that he felt that he had to leave but Kyrie doesn't have that spotlight so you guys have a real chance.
OK.IM.RELOADED::i wouldnt change anything. we are better off now than we were when lebron was here.
Android1194::Agree, but if he is willing to come back when he's still productive then might as well make some room at that time.....just don't plan for it now. Waaay too much uncertainty and risk.
adeptimg::Post-LeBron hasn't been a walk in the park. But he may be too much of a front runner to come back. It is best to plan the future without him.
Android1194::I realize that even though i'm no fan. So let's just put it this way, if Lebron had this situation back then it would've been a hell of a lot better for the cavs. Also, i apologize (just looked it up) for not understanding the absolute horror known as the Cavs pre-Lebron. Still, good luck.
OK.IM.RELOADED::we made the best out of what we had... trust me. your not even from cleveland or been a life long cleveland fan.. you never followed our moves, ups, downs, etc.. we didnt have anything to work with when ferry took over GM.. but ferry kept working and flipping and eventually made a back to back 60 win team out of that disaster previous ownership left. we maxed out. salary a disaster.. assets, didnt have any, picks were gone.. we were in win now mode most of brons career.
Android1194::I agree that Lebron came into an ugly situation but that doesn't mean it had to stay that way and, in the end, that was the organization's fault. And yes this is your best situation ever, including Lebron's era, but if everything played out back then it would never compare to what you'll get with Irving, no offense to him. But anyways, good luck to you guys and hopefully more small market teams will start dominating.
OK.IM.RELOADED::what do you think a situation is.. beside that, previous ownership / managemant didnt leave new ownership / management nothing to work with. lebron came into a ugly situation..   now, we are in the best situation we can ask for going forward.
Android1194::I wasn't taking in the management, coaching, plan, and flexibility with my original statement in fact I said that is what went wrong in the end and if the Cavs did all of those things better you guys would have a championship. Also, Lebron was loved by everyone and the media so i find it hard to believe that they couldn't attract all-stars, solid vets, or previous all-stars at least. The "potential position" back then was better but the front office kept making the small mistakes and later on it all added up to being unable to get anything. That is why Irving is the second chance you guys get and it has all ready started off better, hopefully this means the cavs organization has learned from its mistakes.
OK.IM.RELOADED::no we were never in the position we are in now in the lebron era... from management to assets to coaching, to young talent, foundation, plan, flexability, etc..  i still take kyrie over bron anyday.. the kids a stone cold killer.. something lebron never really was.
Android1194::Not true if your talking about Lebron's second year in Cleveland. At that time the "sky was the limit" if the Cavs played their cards right and Lebron kept playing well and improving. Well, Lebron improved but the Cavs lost their cards and ended up only finding the washed-up Shaq card. Not the same level of talent but right now Cleveland is in the best spot for building a solid contender compared to the rest or the league's horrible teams.
Android1194::no question but if it came down to not getting in that situation in the first place I'd take Lebron 10x outta 10.... for now....
gklein1908::the ways hes playing thompson could become a bosh who rebounds
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::Bosh can shoot a 17 footer. Thompson can't (at this point)
BootyLoaf::thompson cant shoot a 7 footer
Android1194::and occasionally the 3..from the corner...when completely wide open....and even then it's 50/50 lol
Android1194::Love Irving and I'm glad that Cleveland has another chance with a future superstar after the Cavs front office F*cked you guys over by not giving Lebron what he deserved...but there's no replacing Lebron. Irving's second years stats are 24.2ppg, 5.6apg, 3.6rpg, 48% shooting, 41% 3pt shooting, 84% fts, and clutch. Lebron's were 27.2ppg, 7.2apg, 7.4rpg, 47% shooting, 35% 3pt shooting, 75% fts, 2.2spg and at the time clutch (but not like Irving). What i'm getting at is that  Irving is more efficient (look at percentages) but Lebron was able to do everything (fans don't be delusional, Irving will never post numbers like this). Kyrie is going to need the help Lebron never got more than Lebron needed it, Let's just hope the cavs front office doesn't f*ck things up a second time like Orlando did with Shaq and Dwight.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::The Cavs gave LeBron everything he wanted... And yet they still failed.
Android1194::Big Z was the only thing good back then, everything else was going nowhere. Also Lebron was not necessarily better polished but definitely more ready and talented to play then irving. And athleticism does matter when blocking shots, going to the rim, grabbing boards, getting back on D, posting-up, etc.
yata-9arasu::A James dunk and Irving layup still count the same... I don't care how athletic you are.  He makes shots.
yata-9arasu::Irving has the potential to be an all time great.  NEVER have we had a player come into the league and be this polished and ready to play.  Similar to Duncan(fundamentals. LOL).  James had a  better team.  Big Z was an all star.  The Cavs had a better bench back then.  Better defense.  Because they were together longer.  Irving hardly played in college so it was only a few games.
Android1194::I know that but Irving has college experience (yeah i kno it was short but still), he's older, less athletic, and doesn't have that overall potential. This is why i pointed out that Irving is more efficient but he will not be able to carry the load that Lebron carried early on, no question about that. I mean Irving already has teammates that could improve into all-stars/solid role players one day. Lebron didn't have that luxury....only Big Z.
yata-9arasu::Irving has been better his first two year.  James is the better player.  Remember.... James played 42 min and 40 his rookie year.  Irving played 30 and 36 this year.  It is designed that way so the Cavs don't win too many games and get high picks.  Per 36 min Irving has been better.
Android1194::Lebron needed a Pippen, a Mchale, a Worthy, someone who can take over in case Lebron had a rare off game. Lebron was stuck with Mo williams and an old Big Z. I mean after Lebron's first Mvp the cavs could have done a lot better in the offseason....
Android1194::Also Lebron's 2009-10 team was like Rose's team in 2010-11 (not quite as good but similar structure). Great in the regular season but come playoff time Lebron had to do everything and he just couldn't keep it up for the entire playoffs.
Android1194::Lebron wanted a superstar, the cavs gave him a washed-up Shaq age 38/39.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::As a rookie, Kyrie led the league in "clutch" stats  http://www.82games.com/1112/CSORT11.HTM
CLEVELANDCBI::As my young niece said, "Kyrie might decide he wants a beach or to meet the Kardashians," but right now he's good and the Cavaliers are getting a lot better." Save the hate for Cleveland, but don't hate on a kid that is loyal, not trying to show himself on 6 stations a night, and is a hell of a ballplayer. And if you STILL think you'd rather have young and pale Rubio, just break your computers and save the jokes directed at you (and I'm a white guy; yes Rubio's passes are pretty but he shoots like a blind gorilla).
YogaBeer::Did you see the Rubio miscues from tonight?     That guy is horrible at passing.    Tries those behind the back passes that end up in the hands of the other team.   I don't know what happened to Rubio as he looked like a really cheap version of "i can't shoot to save myself, but I can at least hand the ball over to a guy that can" Rondo last year.   But now watching him is extremely comical.     Walton is better.
.sugarglyder.::The Bricky Rubio fans are currently on hiatus.  When he comes back and puts up back to back quality games, they'll start chirping again.
HunterF4444::Kyrie game winner not even in SC top 10...
OK.IM.RELOADED::thats not surprising at all..its espn. they never show cleveland love. they were just slobbering over lebron cuz he was a hype kid.   if kyrie was anywhere BUT cleveland, he would be a bball god already. they never respected cleveland even when lebron was here. they just resepected bron and disrespected the cavs any chance they got.
YogaBeer::ESPN hyped Derrick Williams.   It didn't happen so they are avoiding Uncle Drew like the plague.  Watch the NBA channel on t.v. for your basketball news.   They had it all tonight and were gushing over Irving.
.sugarglyder.::Seriously?  lmao
CLEVELANDCBI::Kyrie plays for Cleveland and isn't an attention hog with "attitude."  Until we win a title it will always happen.  But like one of ESPN's guys said, "I'd trade the rest of the 2011 lottery for Irving."   Let him drive drunk, start a fight, beat his chest after every play, or shoot a stripper.  Then, he'll get love from ALL the networks.
BootyLoaf::wasnt that special in the grand scheme of things. we kind of blow it up cause we're cleveland fans but it was just a casual shot
.sugarglyder.::Especially 35 footers.
BootyLoaf::not saying it shouldnt be but im not surprised its not
HunterF4444::usually game winners are in top 10
CLEVELANDCBI::If Irving weren't on the small-market post Lebron Cavaliers, people nationwide would be doing NOTHING except singing his praises.  Yes, Lebron is LONG-GONE, and yet 100 yahoos a night say smart things like "Ha ha Lebron's gone and you guys are jealous," or something to that effect. Here's the facts though; the Cavs have the best young player in the league (despite his short college career for Duke), we have an owner who stood up for his team/city and WANTS TO WIN, we'll get good draft picks for several years because of record this year and trades, we have a great player (despite injuries) in AV who IF healthy next year is great trade-bait or a solid hustler/rebounder if kept, a young team with good young players in TT and Waiters, and a TON of cap room in upcoming years.  Save the "nobody wants to play in Cleveland" crap.  OKC isn't a tourist destination, but guys not concerned with Hollywood and beaches would die to play there.  Our future looks great.
CLEVELANDCBI::Basically, just shut up and let's talk basketball.  CLEVELAND FANS DIDN'T DISS KOBE/DIRK/WADE/JORDAN/DURANT.  Weirdos that follow a player did.  I had a Lebron jersey, and I loved him as a member of my recently deceased father's hometown (named my youngest Berea after the suburb of Cleveland in his honor).  I loved him as a CAVALIER, but could care less now that he's gone.  Cleveland fans are still here; the comments are down because creepy Kobe/Lebron/Wade defenders who troll and talk garbage are now gone.
.sugarglyder.::lmao  Not a problem, mang.
CLEVELANDCBI::Wasn't meant as a resonse to the 2 who commented while writing my essays.  Thanks for the reply guys.
.sugarglyder.::Well, the NBA General board is filled with Kyrie talk.  He's probably one of the top 3 most discussed players atm.  Ton of haters\fans duking it out.  It's hilarious.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::All true.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::I think the Cavs have the most home games left in the nba. Could mean a lot more wins. I know it sounds impossible, but the cavs are 7.5 games out of the playoffs with 30+ games left. I think if the Cavs made the playoffs this year, it'd be the greatest single season come back ever.
OK.IM.RELOADED::after the trade we made, and dont be suprised if CG puts a ridiculous trade together,  i can definetly see the cavs making the playoffs, especially with the way kyrie has been playing, tristians steady progress, etc. we're not the same team as were all season. this team is growing and changing before our eyes.
Nehpets9::They'd need 37-38 wins minimum to make the playoffs.  That means they'd need to go 24 and 13 (ie a lot better than just 40-50%) the rest of the way.  Not very likely, and I'm a Cavs fan.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::I KNOW IT'S IMPROBABLE, but 24-13 doesn't sound all that impossible.
Hayden4741::stop talking about the cavs and start feeling bad for the wolves, you guys went to the finals not to long ago and were finally okay and now if our coach is out with injuries
.sugarglyder.::Talking about the Cavs in a Cavs game conversation is just wrong on so many levels.  Hope that helps.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::Fk the wolves
.sugarglyder.::30 wins is possible, but slightly optimistic.  The Cavs would need to win between 40-50% of their remaining games to do that.  The way they're playing now supports that theory, but the playoffs -- probably not.
.sugarglyder.::That's exactly what I'm saying, C.H.U.D.!
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::So you're saying there's a chance!
.sugarglyder.::Less than 1% chance to make playoffs.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::Improbable? Yes. Impossible? No.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::The cavs have been in most of their games, too. they just fell apart in the 4th quarter all year long. It's not impossible.
BootyLoaf::somone said on youtube kyrie isnt even a top 10 point guard in the league and he doesnt have a good all around game. people like this are why obamas still in office. you should need to pass an IQ test to use the internet and vote
ctowngambler78::Teapublicans live in a bizzarre fantasy world of their own creation....
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::Those evil Koch brothers.
ctowngambler78::HAHA sure buddy.......Koch brothers own the tea party,,,,,,,,,
BootyLoaf::alright alright enough with the politics. our cavs just won 3 straight games :)
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::The Tea Party is an organization of fiscally conservative individuals, not a political party.
ctowngambler78::The Tea Party is a joke because if they were an actual party Ron Paul would have won....
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::The Tea Party has only been around since 2009. There's never been a Tea Party Republican President. Look, I hated GWB as much as the next guy, but this country has been torn apart by both parties. At least Tea Partiers are purging the Republicans in primaries.
BootyLoaf::hey man i dont want any beef with a fellow cleveland fan. we go through the struggle together. i dont care your stance politically as long as we can agree on sports
ctowngambler78::Name the last republican president to cut the debt???
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::Why? Balanced budgets are bizzarre?
Exploding Ocelot 206.::Not to put too fine a point on it -- but blue states, in general, have much more highly educated populaces than red states.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::How did you come up with a name like Exploding Ocelot? I like it.
royalblue4life::Probably just a Duke hater spouting off.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::Obama=Santa Clause. Can't beat Santa Clause.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::Sure you will. Can't beat free stuff.
.sugarglyder.::Well, I'll take Santa Claus over the Grinch.  ;)
DefensiveRebounds::Is Kyrie Irving the next Allen Iverson? I mean dude it's a mad scorer for a point guard and he does it so damn smooth. Not like the Russ or Rose type. I swear he could average 27-30 one day
royalblue4life::Kyrie's legs will last a lot longer than AI. He doesn't try to jump out of the gym, or over guys- just enough to get the shot he wants. Smart player.
thomez::AI was flashy but inefficient. Kyrie is flashy and efficient. HUGE difference.
.sugarglyder.::More like AI 3.0.  Basically, Kyrie's a much improved version.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::And Kyrie isn't the super athlete AI was. Kyrie is possibly the most skilled ball player in the league. Not most athletic, but skilled. he's special.
DefensiveRebounds::I know, sometimes I don't even believe the way he scores.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::AI averaged 42% FG%. Kyrie is averaging 48.5%
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::No. AI forced bad shots. Kyrie ALWAYS makes the right decision.
DefensiveRebounds::yeah, but that's because AI shoots so damn much lol. But both player are so sick.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::anyone know how many points Kyrie averages in the 4th quarter? And a list of top 4th q scorers? link?
DefensiveRebounds::yeah I wanna know too.
thomez::We're wrecking my tank for Shabazz bandwagon a bit too soon fellas. But damn it feels good to see them win.
thomez::I'm always leery of guys that rocket up draft boards somewhat out of nowhere. I like what I see from Shabazz and I think just about every NBA team will feel the same way...
royalblue4life::Shabazz is sort of like Michael Kidd-Gilcrist ( a better scorer) but with less defensive ability. The Cavs need defense and competent scoring, not just points. Hence the Bennett or McLemore picks
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::I like Mac the most. Wings are what win in the NBA now
thomez::Shabazz is a guy that could avg 20 in the NBA and plays his butt off. What's not to like.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::he's short for a sf
.sugarglyder.::Shabazz... trying to think of an NBA player he reminds me of.  An elite scorer who doesn't do much else.
.sugarglyder.::True, but if you look at Carmelo's college stats, his rebounding/assists were OVER double of what Shabazz is putting up (but closer to double after adjusting for minutes).
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::Shabazz is in college playing way less minutes per game
.sugarglyder.::Just looked up Carmelo's stats.  Averages over 9 combined rebounds/assists for his career.  Shabazz is averaging just above half that.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::Carmelo?
royalblue4life::Trust me, you don't want Shabazz. Not when you need an Anthony Bennet type player to pound inside with Verejao, or a shooter in McLemore. Shabazz does not have as high a ceiling as those guys.
.sugarglyder.::Well, considering the Cavs may end up drafting somewhere in the 8-10 neighborhood, the odds are good that they'll probably end up with someone even worse than Shabazz.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::Kyrie's 2012/13 stats:  Points: 24.2 PPG FG%: 48.5% 3PT%: 41% FT%: 84.7%  Assists: 5.6 APG Rebounds: 3.6 RPG  Best point guard in the league. Disagree? Prove me one that's better, especially in crunch time.
.sugarglyder.::CP3's still the best, but Kyrie's the best scoring PG by a notable margin.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::Kyrie's fg% is better than paul's, his 3pt% is better than pauls He scores 9 more points per game, and no one in the league at ANY position is better than kyrie in the 4th quarter. Paul has more assists per game and better ft %. That's it. And he's got Blake Griffin.
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::I said prove it, dammit
OK.IM.RELOADED::no CP3 is not better than kyrie especially in the 4th and crucial parts of the game.
royalblue4life::? No bigger fan of Kyrie Irving than me, but Chris Paul will make a winning play (pass, shot, FT, steal, rebound, whatever) 9 times out of ten when the game is close.
BootyLoaf::no body is better than kyrie in the 4th
royalblue4life::CP?
yata-9arasu::Paul.
royalblue4life::Kyrie, that was a cold-blooded dagger. A "Duke Shot" as Coach K would have said. We're proud of you.
.sugarglyder.::Kyrie's creeping closer and closer to a top 10 PER ranking:  http://insider.espn.go.com/nba/hollinger/statistics  He reminds me of Allen Iverson\Kobe with a much better jumper.  More of a shooting guard in a pg's body.  But, his handles are arguably better than any pg's.
yata-9arasu::He is a PG that has great handles, can shot, can pass, and is GREAT moving without the ball.
.sugarglyder.::The big reason the Cavs haven't been winning games is because Kyrie and Tristan have had no help.  Grant hasn't built a competitive team because they're trying to mimmick the OKC model since rebuilding through free agency isn't an option.
.sugarglyder.::Andre Miller once led the league in assists with a solid ast-to ratio on a very bad Cavaliers team.  So I don't really buy that theory.  If Irving ever gets his passing game straightened out, it'll stem mostly from improvements made in his decision making and control.  He's always thinking to score first, which makes him more of a hybrid shooting guard (Like Kobe or Wade) than a point.  And like Wade and Kobe, many of their turnovers come from trying to score.  Most pgs turn the ball over trying to make a play for someone else.
yata-9arasu::I know....  I am worried about that.  Speights/Ellington have done wonders for us.  Even if they combine for 15 that would a lot more then we get usually let alone almost 20 like tonight from Speights alone and Ellington hitting huge 3's.
.sugarglyder.::I don't think the Cavs will be in position to draft Noel/Shabazz.  That Memphis trade is already paying dividends.
yata-9arasu::All PG have high TO % when they play on weak teams.  They are forced to make passes and force the issue.  With help his assists would go up and his TO would go down.  I mean... How many times does a perfect pass made and the Cavs player(especially Zeller) bobbles it and it results in a TO or when they aren't on the same page.  Plus the players will make more shots.
.sugarglyder.::6 assists vs nearly 4 turnovers.  That's 2 seasons now where Kyrie failed to reach the 2-1 assist to turnover threshold.  Not that it matters.  Kyrie's going to be a top 5 player in a couple years with or without major improvement in his passing game.  He's an elite scorer who happens to play pg.
yata-9arasu::James would be great on any team but with Irving, Waiters, Shabazz/Noel it would be tough to double.  I don't want James on this team.
yata-9arasu::I responded to your Waiters post below.  You will see.  Patience...
.sugarglyder.::That's why LeBron would be such a great fit on this team.  He'd fill the point void, while deferring to a star scorer during crunchtime, rather than Mo Williams.
yata-9arasu::He is above average.  He is averaging 6 assists and it will be higher when he gets more help.
.sugarglyder.::Kyrie's passing is mediocre.  It and his defense have been the biggest weaknesses in his game.
dobee89149::Kyrie Irving is already the best NBA player to ever come out of Duke.
dobee89149::Grant Hill was always injured, pre injury though, he looked like he was heading for the hall of fame.
.sugarglyder.::Ferry once averaged 14 ppg.  Your move, Kyrie.
C-Town Fan 440::I once averaged that in the 4th quarter  Kyrie Irving
C-Town Fan 440::Hill and Ferry had decent careers, but when all is said and done... Kyrie will bury them
Rob92144::please add an lol...ferry was made for the front office.
coltranesteelkirt::don't forget Ferry... but Irving is up there.
Rob92144::you have to give it to grant hill.  but, irving's special.
Brandon_dgaf::Very glad Uncle Drew is an allstar this year, I bet he shows out and contends for allstar game MVP.
prof123::It would be great if the cavs could sneak in as the #8 and beat the heat.... I don't even care what happens next if that happens.
C-Town Fan 440::No... It wouldn't, still need a lottery pick
coltranesteelkirt::i figured Playoffs were an absolute impossibility, but if they keep playing like this, its actually very within the realm of possibility.
- Thomas Chmura -::maybe next year
Brandon_dgaf::You must be one of those Cleveland fans who is still stuck on "why did LeBron leave.." You have Kyrie Irving and a lot of young talent get over it!
yata-9arasu::No.....
Brandon_dgaf::LOL not going to happen.
.sugarglyder.::I like your fantasy, but the odds of that happening are zero and none.
yata-9arasu::Well that was disappointment....  Cleveland vs Toronto has more comments then Clippers vs Trail Blazers....  WHAT FANBASES!  No one bit on my Irving&gt;&gt;&gt;Lilard.....
HunterF4444::Yeah, they are pretty good at ignoring
.sugarglyder.::Don't be surprised if the Cavs lottery pick slides down to 8-10 this season.  Hopefully they can package some picks to trade up.
.sugarglyder.::I hope you're right.  I still have an open mind, but am not putting good odds on Waiters ever impressing me.
yata-9arasu::It might.  But you are wrong about Waiters.  Patience.  Waiters needs time.  Not everyone can come out like Irving....
yata-9arasu::The ball is barely rolling off.  Not to mention he will get stronger and get more calls in the future.  The jumper needs work but he is a better shooter coming into the league than Wade.  And I mean jumper wise because Wade basically went to the basket and took high % shots.  But Waiters jumper is better.  He is averaging 15 pts in his rookie year although he is shooting a poor % but so did Westbrook and he was called a "bust".
.sugarglyder.::Shooting slumps in the NBA are to be expected, but in high school?  Even Dajuan Wagner was unstoppable in high school.  While I'd like to see it, I'm not counting on Waiters to fix his broken jumpshot or inability to finish at the basket.  I'll believe it when I see it.
yata-9arasu::I have.  He is a streaky player but doesn't mean he can't be special.
.sugarglyder.::Not every prospect with major question marks everywhere turn into Tristan Thompson, either.  Look up Waiters game logs from high school and his freshman year at Cuse.  He's shown the same inconsistency at every level.
__SPURS21::1 second way back from the three point line, you knew he was gonna shoot it, Why leave him wide open Jose?
.sugarglyder.::Because Jose didn't realize Kyrie's range covers the entire court.
yata-9arasu::He probably thought he would get closer....
