Tim Loveable Wells::The people who claim David West is a dirty player, are the same people that don't eat meat, watch lifetime, and prefer warm tea over an ice cold beer. David West is a man's MAN!
Sean Patterson::They don't say "He's a bad man!!!" when they introduce him at Bankers Life for no reason!
Jonah Swidan::Sean Patterson True, but people are saying that he does what he did to Blake Griffin all the time, ummm Ive watched West almost every game as a Pacer and I've never seen him do what he did till two nights ago, but yes West is a bad man and I love him on the Pacers
Sean Patterson::Jonah Swidan Yea people like to get carried away when something like this happens. Just cause West has a reputation as a tough player he obviously cheap shots everyone every game! Duh! What amazing logic that is! Kind of like Sherman trash talking yesterday and everyone saying how terrible he is even though he has a masters from Stanford and has his own charity in Seattle even though he is making fifth round rookie pay. Such a terrible person! But yes West is awesome in Indy, perfect fit and is the identity of the team. Without him Pacers aren't in 1st.
Tim Loveable Wells::I got David West on my All-Dark Alley team. Who's with me? GO PACERS!
Kemala Martin::As a warrior fan and heat hater my whole east squad is pacers, hope y'all make it to the finals.
Cory Nope::You stole that from Jalen Rose.
Derek Ketner::What did you expect from some crappy radio host that no one knows about? Go Pacers!
Chad Kyle::Wow.... the refs did everything in their power to help GS... unbelievable.
Mickey Hughes::Sneaky little guys getting Ind to miss all the shots
James Moehring::Mickey Hughes : It was all the no calls for GS's defense.  Hibbert, Mahimi, and Scola were human punching bags down there.
Mike Williams::If you're gonna support a team that plays physical, don't get mad when teams return the favor.
Aaron Starr::Midseason and the Pacers are now just starting to hit their stride, show no mercy!
Brad Duke::We will see what they are made of this week. This road trip not as brutal as the last one out West because the Lakers have D-Leauge players coming off the bench. Indy managed to get back home with a winning record for the trip earlier in the season (4-2 counting the Heat game that was in Indy). I'm curious how they handle the Suns and suddenly found a groove Nuggets. However, I hope they don't take a nap in Sac Town.
Jonah Swidan::Lance with a NO NO NO...OK YESSS shot
Dean Helming::first outside shot he has made all night.  i was thinking the same
Rob Lime::(ball in the air) "REALLY!" - me (ball goes through) "Ok." - me.
James Moehring::Lance Stephenson #NBABallot
Jonah Swidan::Curry lol, Lance would rip you a new one in a fight
Kyle White::What's better then the Heat losing? Pacers winning on the same night to add another full game up on the Heat. Hottest team in the NBA right now with 5 straight wins.
Fabian Garza::Would be a shame if the Heat finishes the Pacers in 6 games uh?
Kyle White::Fabian Garza Wouldn't it be a shame if you had a life where you didn't have to troll a Pacers board.
Jonah Swidan::Fabian Garza would be a shame, but it wont happen
Dennis R Vass::Go Dubs! sure they circled this game against Indiana a long time ago. I am from Fresno and a secret Paul George fan, he still does a lot for our city(good dude).
Ray Waterman::Well I hope the Pacers win, I'm glad PG does great things for you city.  He's great for our city as well.  Go Pacers!!!!
Peter Vrouhas::Finally the league officials take notice of David West violently swinging those elbows into players faces and necks. He does this in every game, it's his signature move to permanently mame or injure an opponent. West did the same thing during last years playoffs against the Miami Heat, he flagrantly elbowed Bosh hard in the neck, and Lebron and Bird Man directly in the face. The League should closely monitor West, this type of violent behavior should lead to a long term suspension or expulsion from the league not just a $15K fine.
Zack Schooler::Lol. Why don't you go cry some more like the baby you are
Nick SaFfel::Oh no then Scola or Granger would be a starter! Not really much of a loss when you think of it. haha.
Josh Strouth::David West is a man playing in a men's league, if the Princess can't handle the physicality then he can get out and go over to the WNBA.
James Moehring::Warriors are only back in this because they are playing dirty on defense and the refs are letting them play on that way.
Zee N Jason Farmer::it felt like i was watching a heat comeback with all those no calls and tic tac calls against pacers
Andrew John Feeback::Bogut has committed about 20 fouls in this game on moving screens alone.
Zee N Jason Farmer::i know he kept pushing hill with his butt while currys hitting open shots
Zee N Jason Farmer::he also reached in on ROY and they gave foul to Speights
Josh Strouth::Hopefully the Warriors will actually give the Pacers a test, I'm tired of watching games that are over by halftime.
Nate Kenny::Yeah really, give us some competition please. This is getting boring.
Laree Williams::Let's not get cocky, guys.
Jonah Swidan::Laree Williams Its not being cocky, the Pacers have been dismantling the opposition by a huge margin lately, but I do want to see a good game with obviously the Pacers coming out of top.
Chad Kyle::Complete garbage... everything called fairly, Indy has another 20 pt blowout.
Zee N Jason Farmer::yup but the refs bet on the spread
Randall L Lockdall::This must be in California...a lot of acting going on.
Dean Helming::wow curry is a baby.  there was nothing there
Chad Wiggins::some filthy officiating....
Su Yu::Does TNT and the NBA talk about and show pictures of George Washington on his birthday?.....just curious.....
Gregory DeBorde::Pacers are a Beast!!!! Finish off this west coast beating 5-0!!! Boom Baby! For you Slick Leonard.....
Cory Nope::Theres no way that Indy can afford to let Lance Stephenson walk after this season.
Jonah Swidan::Bird will make sure he stays
Chris Nealis::Two crap foul calls in a row. Absolute slide-under on that CJ Watson charge.
Dean Helming::Bogut moves on every screen.  Glad they finally called one.
Ryan Foley::this is the NBA championship game preview. book it
Brad Duke::I agree. If you look at stats alone the Warriors starting five is probably more solid offensively than the Pacers. The difference in the playoffs will be defense, bench, and experience in pressure games. Warriors are a sleeper to get the Championship especially considering that while San Antonio has the best record out West, those 8 losses are mostly against the other Top 5 teams out West and the Pacers (in SA nonetheless). But the Warriors have to improve their home record to overtake the Clippers and get a better seed.
Seph Gunulfsen::Granny Danger made a jumper?!?
John Taylor::lol omg good one bro
Ray Waterman::Go Pacers!!  This should be a good game.
