SAFrankSU::Waiters &gt; Kyrie
financeguru1::I was ready to turn the tv off at the end of the first quarter.  Then the Suns won each quarter after that.  I dont think I have ever seen the Suns have 3 winning qtrs in a row.  Give this team some time to gel and the boys from Phoneix may suprise you.
Peakshead::Coming from a lifetime Suns and Orange fan from far northern NY, here's two things:  1.  I could not be more proud of the Suns so far into the post-superstar PG era, and 2.  As I have been saying since December 2011, Dion Waiters can be Jordan-esque.     Go Suns.  And go Orange.
diesel9555::dude dion waiters jordanesque!?!?...are you krazy????  I like his game....hes played like a veteran...and can split a double tm like nothing ...specially for a guy his size....but cmon.    I hope he turns into that scoring machine that the cavs hope....he certainly has impressed and intrigued me since they drafted him....he thouroughly outplayed bradley beal the no3 pik....made him look like a bum.  But suprisingly hes the least of our concerns....tristan thompson is looking like a bust so far...i thought he played much better last yr....hes regressed ...wth??????  we need him badly....giv me bak hickson.
Spoofen::Maybe he's saying Dion has Jordan's facial features... like the jawline? Or they both chew during games?
nba is the worst::Nice rally, Suns.  .500 at this point is pretty good
GetEmJov::Players my cavs should look at adding next year to improve their bench in free agency in order of Importance on who I would sign first at  each position except for the center position.  The only player on the bench who is under contract next year is Tyler Zeller I believe....  PF- David West, Carl Landry, Brendon Wright, DaJuan Blair,  SF- Mike Dunleavy, Marvin Williams, Dorrell Wright SG- JJ Reddick, Tony Allen, Marco Belinelli PG- Jarret Jack, Eric Maynor, Jose Calederon,
diesel9555::sup bro...i like david west..and always liked dajuan blair no matter his size...just go look at barkleys critics...ill take barkley over karl malone allday.    So what do you think of waiters?????
GetEmJov::yeah I like Tristan Thompson but I still think we need a upgrade at PF with a little bit of scoring prowness until Thompson develops more offensively.
GetEmJov::Waiters is going to be alright, he is still a streaky shooter but I think he will only get better once he adjust more to the NBA game.  Kyrie is going to make things easier on him and in the long run, he is going to make things alot easier on Kyrie.
DrawohWasHere::btw, this reminds me of the historical win the Cavs put on the Suns a few years ago at home of the same 26 point come back.    In those days it was Nash and James, but the Cavs coming out on top after being down by 26.   The HUGE difference was the Cavs were down by that much in the 4th Q, not the 1st Q.
DrawohWasHere::Looks like it was an exciting game with a 4th q come from behind by the home team Suns.    I fell asleep before this game started.
maleckej::bill simons said the suns would have the worse record in the league.  the suns respond with two wins.
ssprague15::Cuse fan, wondering how Waiters is doing since the Cavs are not on TV?   From what I've seen, he may be a headache a little bit, but the majority of the time he will be a solid player that cherishes being the man in crunch time. Cavs have a few solid players, but need more depth and could be a contender in a couple years if they build through the draft and/or can land a solid FA.
CTownHiLo::land a solild FA? we havent done that since, well, never... our only chance is to suck this year (we probably will) get another starter and hope waiters and the newguy develop into stars and Andy stays healthy. Zeller and Samardo become good role players.   clearly thats a long wish list :)
arizonasportsman::Ugly win but this is rebuilding.
TheBrownestBob::I think the starter's production is somewhat fool's gold.  The bench has been abysmal, no doubt.  But Alonzo Gee and Tristan Thompson are minor offensive threats.  I think a lot of teams can get by with having 1 starter that's better on defense than he is on offense, but having 2 guys like that puts a lot of pressure on Andy, Kyrie and Dion to fight off double teams constantly.  Tristan needs to start taking jump shots.  I don't care if he misses the first 8, he has to start doing it or else the paint will constantly have 4 people in it when Kyrie and Dion go to the rim (as it pretty much has all year).  If Tristan can't score, this team is going to have a hard time competing.  Pretty much every team in the league has a big man that can score if the team runs a play for him EXCEPT the Cavs.  The offense rarely goes through Varejao or Thompson, and it's usually an empty possession when it does.
DrawohWasHere::It's why the Cavs need Zeller to get healthy and back on the floor again.
TheBrownestBob::Excuse me, but Tristan needs post-moves as well.  He really has no go to move when he's in the paint; no hook, no baby-hook, no good shot-fake so defenders are always draped over him, doesn't use the glass well... boy do the Cavs need an offensive PF.  They never had a good PG, SG, or PF when LeBron was here.  Now they have a PG and a SG... they need a PF that can score, ffs.
JohnsonnnL::If the Cavs had a bench they would have won.
financeguru1::It appears the Suns do have a bench and I am amazed at my Suns comeback.  Instead of Beasley being the franchise player it could be Brown.  Go Suns!!!!!
JohnsonnnL::I usually switch the channel when Scott goes to the 2nd unit.
TheBrownestBob::Lol.. not a bad idea.  It's a sad display.
yata-9arasu::The starters have been amazing.  That gives me great hope for the future.  Our starters going to $@%!$@% awesome!
yata-9arasu::Lol.  This guy is so pissed I beat him with the Cavs.  Lol.  20/5/11 for Kyrie.  Owned.  He was so cheap....  I hate the cheesers...  Only way to make them pay is to beat them even when they cheat.
TheBrownestBob::Best way to avenge a real-life Cavs loss?  Take it out on people with Kyrie in NBA2k13!
yata-9arasu::LMAO!  EXACTLY! SO PISSED!  NO WANTS TO USE THE SUNS THOUGH!!!!  SO MAD BRO!!!
TheBrownestBob::I had never seen so many home-cooking calls in my life.  And screw you Alvin Gentry for teaching your players to flop on every possession when your team is down; I can only hope this strategy backfires on your team and costs you a job.  Otherwise, good game Suns fans.  I still can't believe what just transpired... oh well.
nogicat12::you blew a 26 point lead stop crying about the refs
nogicat12::I didnt let you guys down 6-0 when I go to suns games biggest home comeback in suns history baby!!!!
go cavs275::Miles is catching up on Shurmur on the Who needs to get the heck outta Cleveland list.
go cavs275::It's Casspi Time BABY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
diesel9555::omg..ahahahahaa i neva eva thot id hear that lol
yata-9arasu::Now off to play 2K13...  Irving is a stud on this game....
dogs::u should get K Love on ur team
yata-9arasu::Miles has really disappointed me....  He reminds me Casey Kotchman....  A FA that I thought would help but really struggled....  Hopefully he can get it together.  I really like him personally.  Cool guy.
maleckej::you didn't watch him disapear in utah i guess?  miles is a bum
goosu123::I don't know, I always though he was kind of a scrub. Good person, just not a valuable NBA player.
yata-9arasu::He seems like a solid bench player.  He really got rattled when he thought he would be the starter but Scott starter Waiters(the right decision IMO).
yata-9arasu::Let's be honest.  We can't go far because we have no depth.  And young teams don't have depth.  It is just how it goes.  One more draft like OKC and we will be on our way.
nicmartin22::or alex polythress from kentucky stud freshman
maleckej::they just might!  doing it the OKC way... suck three years draft ballers... waiters looks good!
CavsPatsBucks25::i think shabaaz  Muhammad would work well but I doubt we are gonna get that high of a lottery pick
yata-9arasu::He would be perfect for this team.  Our fastbreak would be unstoppable.  Wow...  Irving/Waiters/Muhammad/Thompson/Varejao would be great.
goosu123::definitely
neonyte::Exactly as I was saying.  There is a bright future but lets not fool ourselves, its not happening this year.
CavsPatsBucks25::true dat true dat lol
go cavs275::Miles is soooooo bad i cant watch him.  This dude cant shoot, cant finish, cant create, turns the ball over, and CANT even spell defense. Just so frustrating.
neonyte::Cavs have a bright future but obviously lack the depth they need to go far this year.
CavsPatsBucks25::do you guys think if zellar were in the game it would of ended diffrent
Jeff49554::I love the Suns, but having Beasley on the team as a starter is a bad sign.
T.O.G.M.S.17::have a good night yall. I feel like if any other team blew this kind of a lead the fans would be a lot more upset. but being from Cleveland I'm numb to disappoint. On to the next one.
yata-9arasu::Lol.  Maybe that's why I am pissed off more....  Lol.  I just write it off as a young team.
goosu123::Same here, I'm frustrated with the performance, but I understand the team is heading in the right direction build wise.
CavsPatsBucks25::man sucks that it is a bye week for the OSU gotta wait till next week vs wisconcin GO BUCKS and CAVS
goosu123::There is OSU basketball too #4 in the country.
goosu123::Too bad they didn't play tonight.
ctown8686::no Browns either.. that might be a good thing though
yata-9arasu::Every young team learns a lesson in these types of games...  They came out hard after the last game and let it slip away.  We are too inexperienced.....
Objective sports observer::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 200. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
ctown8686::They swept us in the finals :/
ctown8686::GG Suns fans, disappointing loss for the Cavs.
yata-9arasu::The ownership when James was here was just bad...  Got rid of Brown and Green....  Both would be great bench players......  Thought Hickson would be a star...
goosu123::Hickson was okay, woudn't have minded keeping him, I thought he would be good. Not like we got a great deal back either.
yata-9arasu::I would too but he is not a star.  He doesn't mesh with Scott...
warEAGLEJak3::Can wait for the Cavs to lock in the 8th seed and play the Heat in the first round. Cavs would embarrass Lebron like Baron Davis did to the Mavericks a few years ago
goosu123::I'd rather have another lottery pick(high lottery though, I also want to see some improvement record wise)&gt;
goosu123::unless we would actually beat the Heat, that would be $@%!$@% awesome.
T.O.G.M.S.17::i really did wish Cavs never got rid of Shannon
iWitnessAccount::yeah that was a stupid move by Cavs management, who did we keep instead?  exactly...
goosu123::Not saying it was a smart move, just stating that he did nothing when he was here and didn't fit the team's style(basically isolate LBJ and throw out to shooters). He would be a nice addition now though.
T.O.G.M.S.17::im lost.
yata-9arasu::He would be great off the bench....
goosu123::he didn't really fit in when Brown was coaching.
T.O.G.M.S.17::true but i knew he had talent.
yata-9arasu::Irving just looks tired...  We will be fine....
arizonasting13::Phoenix is exploding right now
ctown8686::someone is blowing up the city?
ricky2213::Living near Cleveland i am used to watching Cleveland teams blow leads. When we were up 25-26 i still didnt feel safe and for good reason. This team has a long way to go, good thing we are one of the youngest teams in the nba
iWitnessAccount::you didn't feel safe because it was way too early in the game.  Lesson learned for the young cavs
ricky2213::if it was the 3rd i still wouldnt of
HadumiFire::wtf why did luis scola fail so bad?
Objective sports observer::Great comeback Suns! :) Take that,you cocky Cavs fans who were predicting a Clevland blowout before the game. GO SUNS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
Guary9::I fu** lost a 1,000 because of 1 fuc*ing point. SMFH
EricTheYank::Are you stupid? Cocky Cleveland fans? Seriously?
CavsPatsBucks25::us Cavs fans are always respectable  for another team and fans, count many great game suns comments are are on the post
Roge3471::so we're cocky if we predict a win from our team? am i cocky if i predict the weather tomorrow?
iWitnessAccount::I don't think either side has the room to be cocky after this game
_The_Clear_::^^^ Objective sports observer likes this. ----  Way to like your own post, dirtbag.
Guary9::i thought i was tie.
T.O.G.M.S.17::technically it was a blowout. cavs just blew the game
Jeff49554::Technically, Phoenix won. Cavs didn't blow anything, they just suck.
mikeyp2307::well im off to play halo. night all.
1502blue::Kyrie is dealing with the Flu and being on this west coast road trip and playing 35 plus the night before tonight...I know he had a lot of turnovers but i think 3 of them were offensive fouls which is bound to happen with how much he drives...He's been absoultely solid in the last five minutes of games for the Cavs since he got there, tonight he had that push off and then was just a little off on that last jump shot. Anyone on this board who trashes him at all and says they should have given it to Waiters to shoot is out of their mind Cleveland fans should just pray that they sign that kid for a long time he has the tools to be a top 3 scorer.
warEAGLEJak3::Cleveland should be 4-2, they lost at the buzzer vs Milwaukee and tonight vs the Suns at the buzzer
M V P MIGGY 24::lol the marlins,jags and cavs could it get any worse
warEAGLEJak3::^Agree
mikeyp2307::detriot got swept in the ws, and michigan sucks d.ick
M V P MIGGY 24::hunter is pretending to be out with friends, ha funny boy
TheWalkingDead92::Talk about a comeback.. lol
JustinBrownsCavsBuckeyes::Tristan Thompson sucks
goosu123::He is raw give him some time, he has still had some nice performances. Not every player is a D-Wade or LBJ, some need to develop for a couple years, which is something we can afford as a young rising team.
goosu123::Lol, everybody sucks our team sucks huh? believe in the curse or something?
_The_Clear_::TT will never be more than a role player.  Belongs on the bench...
Roge3471::TT is NOT a starter. Zeller is however, with our frontcourt
_The_Clear_::If Tristan Thompson had 1/2 of Waiters talent, the Cavs wouldn't be 2-4.
CavsPatsBucks25::he really doesnt need more work tho
T.O.G.M.S.17::He defends and rebounds. I think he does a good job at it
T.O.G.M.S.17::Scola didnt do anything today. courtesy of Tristans D
JustinBrownsCavsBuckeyes::He's not that good at defending, though.
ctown8686::Oh well, I guess we'll just have to have another top pick, stacking it up for Lebrons return lol
J Flem::That would be awesome
goosu123::$@%! that. If they sign LBJ, I will stop following the team.
rhetrick::Love the backcourt.  They need some vets on this team.  No leadership.  Just a bunch of pups.  Waiters, Irving, and Andy.  The rest = garbage.
iWitnessAccount::Zellers is going to be real solid real soon.  Def not garbage
rhetrick::In 3 pt contests maybe.  That's all he can do.  He's a defensive liability every time he steps on the court.
T.O.G.M.S.17::B00bie is legit
_The_Clear_::Gibson was garbage the past 2 seasons.
M V P MIGGY 24::night
T.O.G.M.S.17::Letting Telfair literally run off 10 seconds really hurt
_The_Clear_::Let's not sugarcoat the loss tonight.  This loss was just as bad as the 50+ loss vs the Lakers.  The players flat out quit against the Lakers.  Tonight the Cavs choked away a 26 point lead in a game they were in from beginning to end against a very mediocre Suns team.
iWitnessAccount::Good game, Sun fans.  For Cav fans, take heart.  We are not there yet but we are getting closer and we are a lot more fun to watch then I remember in recent years.  This game means nothing  in the grand scheme of an 82 game season and this game will be a valuable lesson to one of the youngest rosters in the NBA.  remember - young teams, even talented young teams - lose, but they are getting experience and Waiters, Irving, Zeller, and Tristen will have their moment in the not too distant future.  CJ Miles?  Not so much.
goosu123::exactly what I have been saying.
JustinBrownsCavsBuckeyes::Waiters has ice water in his veins. Lovin' this kid.
