Rob Lime::"The officials are protecting the small market team that gets no media attention." - every sorry Knick fan posting right now.
Scott Hall::lol. good post
Rob Lime::Scott Hall Dude - it's hysterical.  Literally every single post..
Michael D. Wright::Rob Lime Because it's true, unless you just chimed in once you saw the box score.
Jody George Prats::As a Heat fan I can respect the Pacers. They play hard and fight. The Knicks on the other hand are scrubs.
Turner York::True Heat fan in the building ^
William Aaron::All this thread consists are tools who's combined iq is lower than 4
Rob Loveday::William Aaron whose*
Zach Winiecke::I can't believe there are still Pacer and Paul George haters. I'm a Pistons fan and can admit that team is legit and PG24 is 3 times the player Melo is
Michael D. Wright::Maybe because he isn't, and that's why people are sick and tired of hearing about how great this ref-created "superstar" is?
Scott Hall::Michael D. Wright lol
Shaun Mitts::Michael D. Wright seriously, he has hibbert, west , George hill and hell even granger on his team . what a really sucker following he has. Paul George is a great player. but hes getting credited for unwanted hype
Brandon Tigues::carmelo gets mugged and no foul..paul george attempts 3 and a finger nail touches his elbow and it's a foul
Scott Hall::Cartmello pushes off.
Dominique Eberhart::finally we agree on something today lol
Dean Helming::keep on hatin' Brandon!  lol
Clyde Page::Touch foul on Shumpert for three points.  Melo hammered at the end of regulation for no call.  Zebras decided this one.
Wyatt Urbahns::no traveling call on Ubrih, P George gets called for a foul on melo when melo backed into him. it goes both ways.
Ray Waterman::Here comes "blaming the refs". Just stop it and man up.
Michael D. Wright::COMPLETE FACTS.
Andrew John Feeback::The game doesn't start for another 30 minutes and Carmelo Anthony is already leading in shot attempts.
Tyler Brinston::now thats a good one lol
Shaun Mitts::The game hasnt started yet but new Pacer "fans" have started to emerge.
Zach Skeens::lol Knicks fans just mad that Pacers have owned them for the better part of two decades.
Scott Carter::Pacers: 106 Melo: 45 Rest of Knicks: 3
Michael D. Wright::That sounds like the free throw disparity in the cheat fest that was the final three games of the playoff series.
Phil Ip::Judging on this post you are a loser
Patrick Bolner::what jason said
Scott Hall::Here come the Carmelto apologists
Steven Rivera::HEre comes the MElo haters
Scott Hall::Steven Rivera Wow. you disappeared in the second half. Shocker.
Jazmine Ortiz::Steven Rivera theres absolutely no reason to hate on melo more like pity
Scott Templin::The best part about a Knicks loss? All the angry Knicks fans afterwords. Go Pacers!
Alex LeClair::So George gets all the calls like the ghost foul for 3 to end regulation and Melo gets bodied on every shot, and now all you melo haters are saying PG is better than melo? Lol so delusional.
Michael Hahn::lol this is coming from the same kid who said derek jeter was the best NASCAR driver....
Jonah Swidan::Pacers>Knicks
Michael D. Wright::Melo gets tackled every game this is old hat to us to play 5 on 8 every game.
Scott Hall::"Everyone see me out here?"  Joey Crawford
Jonah Swidan::As a Pacers fan, Ill admit that they are lucky they are where they are now (up 6 in OT)   They played so rubbish in the first half and just a bad offensive game.  Took a weak (but also right) call just to see PG clutch and make 3 FT's.    Anyway, LETS GO PACERS!!   George is one clutch man!!!
William Aaron::Joey Crawford and his crew of gambling lying cheating officials were your MVP tonight.
Maxwell Freudenberg::William Aaron Cry a little more. It's what the Knicks and their fans do best
Daniel Cheek::I'm a Pacers' fan. There were some bad calls made by the refs. But, that's not why the Knicks lost... they lost because Paul George is a BEAST!!!
Marcleen Bavogui::they lost because shumpert is an idiot
Michael D. Wright::It IS why they lost.
Michael D. Wright::Marcleen Bavogui If you believe that's a foul, you should just kill yourself now before you procreate.
Scott Hall::Whats funny is STeven isnt going to judge after 11 games but he sure was running his mouth after just ONE HALF
Scott Hall::"You mean there is another end of the floor?"  Carmelo
Shaun Mitts::a typical bandwagon comment. didnt melo block the lights out of PG   twice?
Maxwell Freudenberg::Shaun Mitts en route to George scoring 35 points?
Zach Skeens::I think Paul George is more happy about the W, melo can have his two blocks
Steven Rivera::Last season the Pacers were ranked one of the worst shooting teams in the NBA in FG% and it looks like that bad shooting % has shown up tonight LOL I just laugh when Pacers fans have the nerve to talk about Melo shooting
Jonah Swidan::Melo is a one way player, hell of a shooter no two ways about it though
Clint Czar Jefferson::Jonah Swidan Glad you could make it.
Nate Rose::no one on pacers shoot 30+ shots a night.....
Scott Hall::Steven Rivera logic.  Georges 35 on 26 shots doesnt make a difference  Meols 30 on 28 shots was keeping them in the game.
Steven Rivera::Dude your favorite player is a career 43% shooter! like seriously stop smoking crack bro
Scott Hall::Steven Rivera Look at this year bud. LOL @ Carmelto   .
Jonah Swidan::Steven Rivera Dude, George is also only 23 years old, keep hating bro
Tdog Lives::Refs gave them this game AGAIN.. They HATE the Knicks man. The whistles the Pacers got if they were not ticky tack they were completely phantom. Meanwhile the Pacers were as physical and aggressive as they want to be. For all the questions concerning what's wrong with the Knicks, has anyone even considered the officiating? Knicks are second to last in free throw attempts. Don't tell me it's because they're a jump shooting team cause that's BS
Scott Hall::lol
Scott Hall::was joey crawford 3-14 in the 2nd half?
Tdog Lives::Scott Hall It's tough to score for a high percentage when you're practically getting punched in the face without a call
Roy Opochinski::Someone needed to remind the refts that the Knicks were the home team. Horsesh$t call after horsesh$t call. Has to go both ways at the end. Unreal.
Michael D. Wright::We should be used to playing 5 on 8 every night. It's been that way literally every game -- WORSE at home -- dating back to that disgusting showing by the officials in that Pacers playoff series.
Zach Skeens::you mad
Michael D. Wright::Zach Skeens Can you actually make a statement of any depth?
Sean Keleher::Refs just handed the pacers this game. 32 FTA to 17 show that.
Damon Salvadore::don't forget Carmelo's 20 bricks..
Scott Hall::LOL> at using FT attempts
Sean Keleher::Don't forget the fact that the pacers have been getting borderline calls while the knick have been getting mugged the entire 2nd half.
Carnell Chandler::100000-30 pacers !!!!
Steven Rivera::PG24 with career 2.7 assist and these idiots think he's GOD??? LMFAO the guy shoots 43% in his career and he's GOD??? The Guy has over 30 TO this season and he's GOD???? wow I see CRACK is common in Indiana
Michael D. Wright::They are so desperate to make him into a star, the refs are complicit with it also.
Jonah Swidan::NO one is treating him like a GOD, he's just a better all around player than Melo
Seal Rchin::You do realize that PG has more success in playoffs than Melo......just so you know.
Scott Hall::I wonder why Steven doesnt want to use THIS years stats? Anyone?
Steven Rivera::yea ima droll over the first 11 games of the season? SMH you Pacers fans are delusional
Greg G. Munarb::Steven Rivera  LMFAO, like are are a rational person.  The Knicks are 3-8!!!
Steven Rivera::Greg G. Munarb still have tons of basketball left
Damon Salvadore::there's no way either of these teams will beat the Heat..
Shanny Salcedo::Heat lost to the nets
Damon Salvadore::Shanny Salcedo . cool..
Brandon Tigues::Shanny Salcedo  the pacers loss to the bulls
Brandon Tigues::I'm not even a melo fan, matter of fact I was just bashing him earlier because of his selfish play..I dunno about paul george being better than him though, george is the better defender and passer of course...but it's just hard to put him over melo after 1 good season, he's been great so far this season but it's only been 11 games..lets see a bit more from him before we start labeling him a top 5 player.
Scott Hall::I will let people who actually played the game do that. ANd they have
Brandon Tigues::Scott Hall who's calling him a top 5 player? shall we compare their stats? because it isn't even fair to george just like it isn't fair to melo that you people are saying a guy who's been good for 1/2 seasons is better than him.
Scott Hall::Brandon Tigues Barkley called him top 3. Smith said he was top 5
