Ben Berger::Any reason the analyst calls the Wizards the Warriors...stop being dumb (50 seconds in)
Michael Loominati Lyda::Lol, I heard that too smh.  Bad enough their articles are buried on ESPN.
Milo Bodde::hahah i checked this to see if someone commented about the mistake, small world
Thomas Paul Owens Sr.::They started 2-7 and they are now at 500 and they are beating teams outside the East without their top scorer, without their top draft pick this year, and without a whole lot of help from their bench. True, they haven't been good in a good while...but they have the tools now and like I said, they just need to get and stay healthy. Management actually showed patience in holding onto Whitman...smart move...and they moved the right players...Young, Mcgee and Lewis ( who is doing nothing for the Heat)...Somebody's dishing out some good advice and somebody else is listening!
Thomas Paul Owens Sr.::...Gortat was a nice pick-up...Ariza is playing great...Wall seems to be thriving with all the talent around him now. Wait until Beale comes back, Porter gets started and Rice Jr. gets minutes...if this team can stay healthy (and that's a big if...watch out!! the sky's the limit!!
John Martin::Yeah they could get over .500.
John Martin::All you need to know about the NBA East is that the Wizards are in third place in the standings to know how bad the East is.  I mean this team is more dysfunctional than the Obamacare website!
Mark Schinkel::Wizards!!!!!!!!!!!! John wall is the greatest!!!!!!!!!!
Jay Rainey::Lets go wizards -7!
Melvin Hall::Lets go Wizards
Sportsbettingstar.com::The Washington Wizards won their most games in the month of November since 1984 and look to begin building on that when the struggling Orlando Magic visit on Monday. The Wizards were 8-8 last month, but have won four of their last five with former first-overall pick John Wall taking a lead role on the offensive end. The Magic, who have lost eight of their last 11, will likely be without injured guard Jameer Nelson as they begin a season-long, six-game road trip. I still have note enough trust in this Wizards team and can see them getting the win here tonight by about 6 points
Victor Beauchamp::Hoping to see wall attack the lane more often. Although his jump shot is improved and its good to see him practice it, he should utilize his biggest strength, which is his quickness with the ball and his ability to finish at the rim.
Jason Peters::An that's all she wrote...game over. I swear to god I cant buy a winning bet nowadays. Wizards had it, but its all MAgic now, GAME OVER Magic wins this by 15.
Danny Phillips::It wouldn't be a Wizard game without them blowing at least one 10 point lead. At least they decided to do it in the first quarter tonight.
Jason Peters::Wizards are notorious for giving up leads. I hope they don't here, but its probably likely Magic have this tied by mid 4th qtr.
Rodney Sargent::Not likely to this team but yeah to talented teams
Robert Fanslau::Ariza was a scrub on the knicks and then he blossoms on the fakers and wiz kids... good riddance bum
Tyjuan McCants::Wizards-110 Magic-101
Tar Yak::Wizards Win.  101-96
Scott Goudie::wow----up 12 to down 5, that was quick
Tim Bagby::Wizards looking good wall n the boys doing things n DC
Kyle Tenn::Wiz win by double digits
Okan Yardimci::hahaha magic got this
Melvin Hall::Another easy win for Wizards
Melvin Hall::Good win Wizards
Nate Gilbo::Wiznation!
Melvin Hall::lets go wiz
Brian Lawson::Good to see Singleton back and scoring off bench. This (bench) is the Wizards achilles heal. There's no production from Vesley. A first round pick that has not even come close living up to expectations. Hold down the fort until Beal returns healthy.
John Slam Rambo::Your #3 seed in the Eastern conference...The Washington Wizards at 9-9...And #4 seed?...The Raptors at 6-10...This ain't a joke either
