razzledazzletj81::Watching Honeycutt jack up a shot everytime he touched it was something. Is he still on the team today?
dog_has_fleas::Korver, Redick, Dunleavy, Webster, Mason Jr., Delfino, Dudley, Morris? They need a 3 pt shooter and any of these guys would fill that need. I don't see why they wouldn't look into this.
dog_has_fleas::See this is what I am talking about, wonky lineups that don't make sense. Sure Johnson will get you 10-12 points but he won't help you win games. Then you sit T-Rob for this guy, play Jimmer which will appease his fans slightly but doesn't make any sense.  Off the top of anyones head, are their any FA out there willing to sign?
ZO0B Buster original::Gawd damn Jizzer Fraudette is sooooooo slow! What a bust he is!
57Gerger::I have been using this system called Sportsbettingstar to help pick winning bets. In only 60 days I have managed to double my bankroll by following this system. You can find this system on the front page of google by searching for Sports Betting Systems. If you bet on sports at all you gotta check this system out.
sjc756::Great to see the Kings score 100 which is not easy. It was pretty exciting seeing the Kings play with Honeycutt he is a great talent.
57Gerger::following a betting system named Sportsbettingstar the past few months. I've made around 2-3K a month profits using this systems advice. You will find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems. I have bet on sports for a long time and tried many systems in the past and nothing is as accurate as this one.
57Gerger::a few months now I have been using this system called Sportsbettingstar to help pick winning bets. In only 60 days I have managed to double my bankroll by following this system. You can find this system on the front page of google by searching for Sports Betting Systems. If you bet on sports at all you gotta check this system out.
57Gerger::started playing an online bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Since I started I have made an average profit of $3,000 a month. I hope that this reaches someone that is looking for an online betting system that really works well. I found this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.  I strongly encourage you to check this out if you bet at all.
57Gerger::betting with a system for sports bets named Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month for three consecutive months now since I found out about this system. You can find it on the first page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems. At first I thought this was going to be bogus but ended up being awesome..
Markiemormon::Yep.. 19 minutes, 1 for 7, three points, is him a freaking super starrr or wat!.. fire everyone and build a team around Jimmmerrrr.... the bust...
nbaRefsForHire::It could be worse. Could've ended up with Lillard. 4 for 15, -22 differential and yet Portland keeps playing him. Talk about a ball hog that hucks a shot every time he touches it.
57Gerger::Been following a betting system named Sportsbettingstar the past few months. I've made around 2-3K a month profits using this systems advice. You will find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems. I have bet on sports for a long time and tried many systems in the past and nothing is as accurate as this one.
57Gerger::I have bet with a system called Sportsbettingstar. Since I started I make roughly $3,000 a month in profit by following this systems picks. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.  Posting this for anyone out there that’s tired of not winning their bets.
simon_wolfe::Vince Carter turning back the clock!
taylorsports1::FREE JIMMER!
Dirk2XMVP::Vince Carter just passed Larry Bird in NBA All Time Scoring list. Congratz Vince!
Eric Forman.::It seemed like he everything he was shooting was going in tonight.
michael107117::If the Kings are lucky they'll get the first pick and draft Tim Hardaway Jr.. Isaiah, Cousins, and Hardaway would be a good start whether they stay or leave. Then they have young players like Robinson, Jason Thompson, and Jimmer they could package with Marcus Thorton and Salmons to get rid of their contracts to clear cap to really start rebuilding. They have too many players making over 5 million, they have 6 guys making over 5 million
josh142209::I miss when the Mavs games would have convos of 5000+
Erasisn::Yeah it's sad. But I'm hoping that the Mavs can get that playoff spot and theyll be plenty to talk about when they upset OKC in the first round.
jee2309::lol, wishful thinking??
teethmold productions.::Wait until they play the Lakers, or Heat! Those boards will exceed 10,000+!!  A game like this isn't going to attract many posters, since the team is in limbo, and hasn't been determined where they'll play next season. Next year at this time, a Sonics-Mavs board will definitely be in the the thousands, with comments!
gdubbz8::Vince Carter just passed Larry Bird on the scoring list?  Is that really a fact?
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::t-rob = major bust.
teethmold productions.::As of now you're right! They should've drafted Dame Lilliard!!
teethmold productions.::We'll have to see what he does next season, under new ownership/new coaches, in a new city.
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::yeah. im really disappointed by robinson. i expected much more, since he was high praised. he would have been a senior this year, so I dont really buy the usual rookie excuses
James82931::Laker hater poem   http://youtu.be/9UzNzNzWGy4
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::T-Rob = Major bust.  I expect much more from a high praised college senior.
RaysWhiteSuit::Now go get Jennings, keep Mayo and sign D12.
TheFeedMachine::Won't have the cap space to do all of that.
MavUlous42::good game mavs ;catch a break and lets move up in the standings
ChargersFan4Life001::GG Mavs fans, GL the rest of the year
LetsGoMavs 2.0::I don't want the Mavs to trade Vinsanity considering we are only paying him 3 million for lots of production but I think he will be traded during this all star break. Many teams have already asked for him but Mavs said no.
GBroThoG::Kings now 3-20 when DMC plays less than 30... Someone fire Smart...
GBroThoG::Their not getting any better of a lottery pick, might aswell let DMC get valuable time...
teethmold productions.::Better for the team to lose! They're not going to the playoffs, so it makes more sense to position themselves in the lottery!
teethmold productions.::@Mark  New owners, will mean an entirely new front office! You're basing everything off what the lousy Maloofs have done. Plus, Geoff Petrie is by far the worst GM in the NBA, he gets no publicity, but that dude has been working for the team since '94. I don't know how the hell he's kept his position for 20 years!
Mark Wangner::Yea the Kings are excellent drafters. This should work out great.
Eric Forman.::Smart would find a way to mess that up too.
outspoken mavs fan::Jae Chowder working that trade vaule good job
LastOfTheTrueRomoSupportors::Trade D Jones's
Whutitdew3::he is 22 years old. i don't think the mavs will trade a guy that young and could be a good player in the future haha
LetsGoMavs 2.0::You mean Vinsanity
outspoken mavs fan::we keeping vince
Whutitdew3::jae crowder isn't getting traded you dummy lol
_Pyro27::Yes, but we don't need to trade any of our rookies, especially Crowder who's gonna be really good in a few years.
outspoken mavs fan::we need a trade bad lol
wreckem tech101::GG Sac. Kings....Mavs win hell yes....we're still ticking and playing hard. Catch y'all at the next one Mavs Fans. Am out like a paper route MFFL
espnfirsttimer12::im serious, if the magoshdamngoofs dont care enough to step up and fire this guy, the nba needs to.... now
Eric Forman.::Good game Dallas fans. Hope your team enjoys the break and gets ready for the second half. Good luck the rest of the year.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Vinsanity 26 points. Best 6th man in the NBA
espnfirsttimer12::keith smart is a fool
teethmold productions.::He's done at seasons end! The entire coaching staff, and front office will get fired, once Hansen/Ballmer take over. The only thing that will be left is the players!
rchaser4::Ballmer has few accomplishments to his name as CEO; he's one of the worst...
conradbetterbettor::It's like they know the teaser line and are trying to bust it.
DoubleClutch95::VC just increased his trade value. So with that being said....  VC to the Bulls!!!
Whutitdew3::luol deng...not gonna happen though :(
Nowitzki.::for?
_Pyro27::Even though the Kings aren't that good of a team, the Mavs sure looked great tonight.
asiafortune::yes 20+ lead thank u mavs :)
MlCHAEL JORDAN::Why don't the Maloofs let Jimmer go to Charlotte? We'll turn him into a solid 2 guard!
Markiemormon::He'd be a bust where ever he went.
taylorsports1::FREE JIMMER!
teethmold productions.::He wouldn't look right in a Hornets uniform! He should get traded to Utah, or something.
espnfirsttimer12::he would look right in any real basketball situation
espnfirsttimer12::please
wreckem tech101::oh great now next time Mike James gets some playingtime in a game...not being garbage time, he's gonna shoot everything
Whutitdew3::i hope coach doesn't get wowed by this. it is garbage time lol
wreckem tech101::yeah for real
LetsGoMavs 2.0::you're still trash Mike James
stephenson1mattbyu::Honeycut actually passes the ball? That explains why Keith Smart hasn't ever allowed him to play all year
Eric Forman.::One of the rare times where Smart knows what he's doing lol
stephenson1mattbyu::I spoke too soon, 3 terrible shots by him to end the game lol
colaroaster::the arena is empty
Whutitdew3::it is a kings game no excitement in that lol
colaroaster::zing
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Mavs #2 in attendance   http://espn.go.com/nba/attendance  top 5 every other year
teethmold productions.::They're playing the lowly Kings, what should you expect??
Nowitzki.::bc the party is over
Justinkm83::The game has been over for a quarter.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::why is Mikes James still on the floor?
Eric Forman.::Pity ;)
Whutitdew3::cuz dojo can't shoot jumpshots
Nowitzki.::because he is Mike James!!! he belongs on the floor
espnfirsttimer12::sacramento should cancel their season until the move to seattle occurs
teethmold productions.::The move is going to happen regardless! Hansen/Ballmer have a lot of work in the off season!!
Whutitdew3::get that outta here jimmer!
stephenson1mattbyu::that was a nice block he got up there
dallasmavs258::has anybody noticed how the Timberwolves fans st.f.u after we passed them on the standings lol
Whutitdew3::they had a bunch of fans it was ridiculous now they are back in their cave lol
dallasmavs258::I don't even know where they came from, they've never had fans before
Justinkm83::Gotta keep the W's coming.
Justinkm83::No I did not. There is a slim chance.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::didn't you say it was better to tank?
wreckem tech101::ahhh helll no say it so??
Eric Forman.::Can't catch a break.
KatelynFabersLawyer211::This is the 700th win of Dirk's career. Congrats!
asiafortune::mavs come on dude please win the 4th quarter!!!!!!
Whutitdew3::they aren't gonna win the fourth
