adave420::NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO so close
pvmountaineer::...who would've thought...
mintzerkj4eva::<b> <sub> lol</sub></b>
mintzerkj4eva::lol
mintzerkj4eva::<sub> lol</sub>
jimc0907::By the way the Bobcats are 7-54
lakers43492::both teams suck
Nonaligned_::At last.
truesportfanman::Put another asterisk by this win. Wade CLEARLY traveled for the game winning shot, so the commish is still in the heat's back pocket no matter what their explanations are.
JetsFansRAHoles::Heat 3 - 0 SUCK on that LOSER Haters! Yeah SUCK on That!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gatorsfan4211::Its hard to figure out how many of these people are real heat fans and how many are bandwagon fans... its pretty obvious however that there are no bandwagon bobcats fans
D-Nice891::Lebron=Greatest player in the NBA.
nba is the worst::Except in the Finals
Ryan 2161::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuMc3pCd048
Eternal_Sage::miami powea!!
dbaerry::lebron looks slimmer this year and not as jacked. I think thatll help him big time this year cause last year his upper body was too large= not as fast
kryptonthreads::Heat fans just wanna remind you that when you see a parade on TV this weekend it's in celebration of the New Year not the Heat winning a championship. I know you're usually clueless on how those things work I just don't want to see you embarrass yourselves again.     Parade responsibly.     Nice Eastern conference banner you guys just got done hanging up as well. Lakers usually use conference banners to cover their cars with when they have to park outside overnight.
brandonlee561heat::*Cricket's*
Ryan 2161::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmz5Y2zonUY&amp;feature=related
Ryan 2161::LeBron needs to just accept the fact that he is balding.   His headband looks so ridiculous at this point. Whenever it gets knocked away from his hairline, he carefully re-adjusts it so people won't see that receding hairline even though we all know it is underneath that league issued piece of cloth...
dbaerry::you think lebron gives a flying f@ck what other "rappers" have to say about him?
dbaerry::he joked about him balding over this summer so I dont think hes too worried. i think he just has a weird fetish for headbands
Ryan 2161::I'm pretty sure he had to make light of his misfortune because it had become so obvious rappers were using it as a punchline in their tracks. Someone who wouldn't be too worried would be wearing his headband in a normal position, much like LeBron used to do.  http://blogs.thescore.com/tbj/2011/05/27/the-lebron-james-headband-timeline/
brandonlee561heat::No one cares, honestly.
Ryan 2161::oh really, that's pretty interesting. you know him right?   his actions clearly tell us he feels insecure about having a hairline that is deteriorating. His headband is pretty much on the top of his dome at this point. CRAZE
brandonlee561heat::not even slightly.
Ryan 2161::LeBron clearly cares you fool
thabrandon::Yawn. The Heat win another regular season game. Wow what a feat. They have 2.5 superstars. Most teams don't even have one. It is no surprise that they won, nor will it be a surprise if they win 60 out 66 regular season games.
2kobeisgood4::They have three stop going easy on Lebron
PanthersNc22::Its funny cause Wade actually did a jump stop and then took another step, which in the rule book is a walk.  But the Refs also missed one when Lebron's dunk was goaltended by Henderson's Head.  NBA refs are garbage....Lebron not called for one foul all game?  Trust me i was at the game, he did commit a foul
Xnmt::My biggest complaint with the refs is the apparent traveling that goes on on numerous drives to the hoop. They seem content to assume that NBA players know better than to travel. I mean, it's hard to tell sometimes, but I see two full steps taken with the ball clutched in both hands way too often.  I'm also surprised at how difficult it seems to be to defend near the basket without fouling. It makes me wonder if there are way too many non-fouls being called as fouls. On the other hand, whenever the NBA makes a rule change, it is done with the goal of reducing defensive possibilities even further in the name of more scoring.
phxpilot3::LOL MJ is engaged again.  Love the guy but didn't he learn his lesson the first time?
outlaw12110224::SMH..."HOLLA WE WANT PRENUP!!  WE WANT PRENUP!!"  I hope he at least gets a prenuptial signed.
Xnmt::Well, I plan on figuring that out beforehand. I don't think it's that hard if you're honest with yourself. Thanks for the advice, though.
phxpilot3::Remember me and kobe don't have a prenup because he loves me?  Yeah how did that one work out?
outlaw12110224::In my opinion and experience, half the time you don't even truly KNOW the person you're marrying until they pronounce you husband and wife.  Thats when the truth comes out.
Xnmt::Taking care to marry the right person is better than the implications of a prenup, IMHO.
tbest23::Bobcats must be really great this year...
dan torell::I wonder MJ feels the same way.
phxpilot3::I wonder if there is any way we can find out who this bill ontario character is in real life.  That would be great to have him outted lmao.
JimLaheyTrailerParkSupervisor::Ontario leaves no stone unturned he's in the FSU board now. ESPN/Mzinga IT department needs an overhaul.
phxpilot3::Makes me wonder how somebody can lack a life to the degree he does
dickiedave07::It was a good game by the Bob Cats. The Heat were almost caught slipping big time.  I'm not even concerned about the regualr season as much anymore, I'm looking at it as practice for the playoffs. That's when things start to get interesting...  And I know all the haters were hoping the Heat would lose last night to jump on the boards! Stay tuned because as much as I would love to see it, they aren't going undefeated this year! lol
amarmirza::Get a room you two. ;)
phxpilot3::U seem like a level headed heat fan which makes u a real minority.  Of course people are gonna jump on you for losing one game regardless these are uneducated people mostly were talking about here.
TheKyrieShow::WOW. Way to dig deep and pull one out against the Bobcats.
dickiedave07::wow every comment gets dumber than the last...
phxpilot3::LOL yet the bulls struggling on the 2nd game of a back to back 3000 miles from home meant they were awful nice double standard
TheKyrieShow::yeah especially for teams that have basically already won this years championship.
11Golden07::Second game of a back to back on the road. Those games are always tough.
ATLien4ever::Guys stop using the word mad all the time....dogs are mad, humans get angry
dickiedave07::madmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmadmad
ATLien4ever::then that makes you a hater too man, if your a Miami fan, Im sure it pleases you to see Boston, or NY, or Chicago struggle, right?
outlaw12110224::Actually no.  I don't care one way or the other until they play the Heat.
ATLien4ever::Im not hating on LeBron, hes the best player in the league, but I can choose who I cheer for, and who I cheer against right?  LeBron doesn't play for a team I like, and I like to watch him lose, does that make me a hater?
outlaw12110224::Yes that makes you a hater.
outlaw12110224::How about bitter...thats more of a female trait.  Which is how most of you haters act anyway.  Sound more like one of LeBrons jilted ex's.
ATLien4ever::smh..
amarmirza::...people do get "mad"... idiot.
..Clipster..::You <b><i><u>MAD</u></i></b>, bruh?
..Clipster..::King James = 35 Pts, 6 Reb, 7 Ast, 3 Stl, 2 Blk.  King James' haters = mad.
amarmirza::well 37 points if you count his dunk
TheKyrieShow::Let me fix that for you:  James = 35 Pts, 6 Reb, 7 Ast, 3 Stl, 2 Blk.    James' haters = mad.
YankeeVendetta::Does anyone know if LeBron was credited with an assist on that play where he saved the ball from going out of bounds and then threw it to Wade for the dunk?
YankeeVendetta::Thanks antistratfordian
YankeeVendetta::Just wondering. If I interpret the rules correctly, I think it should have been an assist.
11Golden07::He should have. Wade will get the credit for making a great basket late in the game though.   #bogus
outlaw12110224::and of course you will get the people who think Wade is the MVP because of that..smh
antistratfordian::2:54 Chris Bosh blocks Corey Maggette's layup 2:50	LeBron James defensive rebound	86-86	  2:47	Dwyane Wade makes dunk (LeBron James assists)	88-86	  From the play-by-play
antistratfordian::of course he was
ATLien4ever::Wouldn't it be funny if OKC beats the Heat in the Finals this year?
ATLien4ever::you ever seen a guy like Jason Kidd lose?
outlaw12110224::Was Michael Jordan a sore loser?
ATLien4ever::no its called being a bad sport.  Most successful people know how to lose even if they are highly competitive. NO one wins every day or every game.  The people who move past and learn from a loss become champions.
outlaw12110224::So let me ask you this...do you think Jordan was a sore loser?
draino25::but the people who dont get upset about it are the ones that dont have success.
ATLien4ever::also, LeBron is a sore loser and it is so funny to watch him lose
outlaw12110224::Show me one player that likes losing and I'll show you the sorriest player in the league.
draino25::who isnt a sore loser.  i get pissed when i lose in wii bowling.  its called being a competitor.
outlaw12110224::Lakers lost in 5 to Detroit the year they had Payton, Malone, Kobe and Shaq...great teams lose.  It happens.
outlaw12110224::You do know that Payton won one about 2 years later with the Heat right?  Shaq was in his prime and so was Kobe.  Malone wasn't too old to contribute significantly.  They just got beat.
draino25::payton and malone were older than dirt and that was the finals where kobe couldnt except being shaq's puppet anymore and he blew up.
outlaw12110224::@ATLien4ever....how many years did Dirk go without a ring?
ATLien4ever::Outlaw it would be ever funnier because the comments that would come from someone like Mr. Draino trying to justify what just happened
draino25::okc isnt a strong defensive team.  all durant does is shoot, and they have no one to guard lebron or wade.  it would be a sweep
ATLien4ever::because that whole team is younger than the "king" and that would be what, 9 or 10 seasons without a championship?
outlaw12110224::Won't happen though because WestBRICK will avg 60 shots a game.
11Golden07::I wouldn't think it would be funny. It would probably be a good series.   However, I have a hard time believing that it would happen. Westbrook is a blow up waiting to happen. That leaves Durant basically carrying the entire load vs Lebron. And as good as Durant is, he would have a tough series being guarded by Lebron.
outlaw12110224::Seeing as though OKC has a pretty good team..why would that be funny?
11Golden07::Seriously. Wade plays terrible all game but barely hits(almost misses) a late game shot and Wade get's all the credit.  I don't see how Lebron won't get a little tired of Wade by the end of the year.   Imagine if at your job if you did all the work on a new break through to make your company money but another guy comes in to take the credit right when you are finished. You would get tired of it and should get tired of it.   Wade is the most overrated player in the game. He would be nothing without Lebron.
ATLien4ever::why would I say LeBron is over rated?  Wade is one of the best basketball players in the world how do you consider him over rated?  What exactly does he not do well?
11Golden07::@draino Agreed, no one can get it done by themselves. It just almost bother's me when players get more credit than they deserve.
11Golden07::Who is more overrated? Let me guess.....Lebron who averages more points, assists, rebounds, shooting %....
draino25::neither is overrated.  they are both top 5 players in the league.  no one is a better slasher.  not too many better defenders in the league either.
ATLien4ever::the part about Wade being the most overrated player in the League was the dumbest part
11Golden07::Draino, Wade get's credit for being this great champion because he won one title, with a good supporting cast. Since then, he has basically been none existent. Missed the playoffs, bounced in first round....but he get's to live off his past. Name one player in the league that get's to live off his past more than Wade.   Also, if Wade didn't have Lebron on his team, he would get doubled every possession and his numbers would be worse than they are now. Plus, he can rest now with Lebron playing the way he does.   Wade's game is about being explosive not a jump shooter like a Kobe, Jordan or even Durant. Wade would get shut down without Lebron on his squad. Just my opinion.
draino25::and you are entitled to it.  but wade did make the playoffs with not one other decent player on his team before lebron got there.  he has been an all star pretty much his entire career.  i will agree that lebron is definitely better its very clear.  but remember lebron couldnt do it on his own either.  no one can do it on their own
outlaw12110224::@ATLien...you actually think Wade is better than Lebron?
11Golden07::Which part was dumb ATLien?
draino25::wade is definitely not overrated.  he is a beast.  but lebron just overshadows him a little bit.  but lebron over shadows everyone in the league because he is in a class of his own.  thats like saying pippen was overrated and would have been nothing without jordan
ATLien4ever::this is the dumbest thing I've ever heard, and I cant stand the Heat
outlaw12110224::Lebron is by far better than Wade.  Not even close.  Only people that don't realize that are the haters.
outlaw12110224::People say they hate Miami because of the way LeBron and Wade act...GTFOH.  These are the same people who cheer for Kobe.  SMH
Gatorsfan4211::like when they make fun of someone for being sick even though he destroyed them?
JimLaheyTrailerParkSupervisor::Wow I'm losing brain cells in the Notre Dame-FSU board. Notre Dame fans are pretty delusional.
brandonlee561heat::Yea, that is pretty funny! Can't wait til 5:30
Eternal_Sage::NOTRE Dame fans are always delusional! they think being the irish gives them an automatic pass into the bcs
hapatino::Don't Hate Miami
galagator25::This was a great game, I wasn't surprised the Bobcats played tough at home, they've been doing it for the past few years.
galagator25::The Heat played more consistently than the 'Cats did.
hapatino::They played great and almost pulled it out at home. But in the end, the most talented team usually wins.
Eternal_Sage::cha played real well
Dr.Killapatient...::I hate how the Kim Kardasian family is making money because there daughter slept with a b list rapper/singer, made a sextape, and now making a fortune. I hate seeing people on the street hungry and cold, I hate war , I hate racism, I hate genocide, I hate stupidity, but I don't hate good basketball..
antistratfordian::why hate the kardashians?
Dr.Killapatient...::Disappointing is being nice......
antistratfordian::the sextape was disappointing.  i'll give you that.
Eternal_Sage::yeah why hate the kardashians?
Dr.Killapatient...::Because the sextape was wack, I was not impressed.....
JB_Smoove_Is_Back_Again_Bro::<b>Stop hating on leebron and wade. They act just how we act. They're human. Stop acting like your s--- dont stink and move on with your life</b>
outlaw12110224::But yet they cheer for rapists and cheaters.
Eternal_Sage::if you love miami heat and their cheerleaders, like this!
Dr.Killapatient...::You haters need something to hate, hate war, genocide, murder, rape, Kim Kardasian and her family, but don't hate on these guys. They are just playing good basketball....
Scubascub::Ya'll hate makes no sense ha
DogOnLoose::Wade is clutch.
draino25::who to you think will get the fake mvp award  this year?
draino25::i was saying that no matter who wins it, it doesnt really count because Lebron deserves it every year for what he does.
outlaw12110224::@2kobeisgood4...He BALLS SO HARD!!
2kobeisgood4::What does he do can you tell us
inouyasha29::keep wishing that Rose gonna win it again.
2kobeisgood4::Even if he does the MVP doesn't mean a thing
draino25::they wont give it to him anymore which is why its fake
materazzi2323::LBJ
Metropolitans Est.1962::LeBron is Wade's little brother bwaahhahaha
Scubascub::I love the Heat an all but i think its $@%!$@ up how people see that if it wasn't for wade they would of lost and im thinking If it wasnt for how Lebron and Bosh played the whole game this wouldn't even been close there the reason they came Back Wade didn't do nothing had a terrible game. If wade had a better game they would of killed the bobcats .
inouyasha29::i would like all those Lebron and Dwade haters to tell me why in the hell you guys hate those two guys so much. @ materazzi tell me who in the nba when they having a good game doesnt act up. freaking sneakers fans
inouyasha29::tell me what Rose won and Lebron didnt and by the way Dwade is a finals MVP. idiot
draino25::all rose has won is an mvp award that belonged to lebron
Scubascub::Key word "yet" ha
materazzi2323::They havent won nothin yet??
inouyasha29::tell me what Lebron and Dwade ever do that was offensive?
Scubascub::It really shouldn't matter if people hating on them ha while ya'll talk they win. :D
materazzi2323::Actually i puff up every day brotha
materazzi2323::Rose is PURE CLASS, what are u talking about???? Rose has never done anything in the NBA that was offensive to anyone
draino25::he has only been there what 3 years?  considering most people consider this the jail league, both lebron and wade dont fall i that class.  they might act immature at times but at least they arent the norm in the league.
inouyasha29::do you smoke my man?
inouyasha29::what you telling me rose never act up. when he made a lucky all of them starting giving handshakes what is that.
materazzi2323::U cant compare Wade and LBJ to Rose or Dirk, because Rose and Dirk have class and respect.
materazzi2323::The Bulls, and Derek Rose. Or the Mavs and Dirk
outlaw12110224::The same Derek Rose that was throwing up gang signs in one of his pictures?
draino25::that would require both of those guys to put up the numbers lebron and wade do
materazzi2323::No one hates Miami because theyre good, WE HATE MIAMI BECAUSE OF THE WAY LEBRON AND WADE CONDUCT THEMSELVES AND PRESENT THEMSELVES. Get it through your heads, it has nothing to do with because they are a good team. And they are very good!
Scubascub::First of all why the $@%! they gotta be nice haha $@%! you gotta go get yo own its a fight don't go out an make friends like a $@%!$ lol yeah let me go show people respect and class for what ? nobody did nothing for them except give them hate which im sure there very thankful for :D
mjmnogoal::haha wow, antistratfordian you sound pretty racist making some of the comments you do.  I would highly doubt you would go out in public making those comments
antistratfordian::I fight AGAINST racism.  That's what this whole argument is about.  To encourage white people to stop being afraid of certain black players due to misinterpretation of behavior because of deep-rooted negative stereotypes.
materazzi2323::DUDE SHUT UP!!!! I like Rose too, hes BLACK, so was PIPPEN. Youre so dumb!!
antistratfordian::you probably like Durant too.
antistratfordian::all of them passive, non-threatening (to white people) black men.  like will smith.
materazzi2323::HAHAHA, here we go with the racism, GROW UP LOSER!!!!! My fav player of all time is Jordan and he was BLACK!!!
antistratfordian::White people loved Jordan because he behaved like white people wanted him to.  He generally kept his mouth shut - like white people want black players to do - and he didn't intimidate them.  LeBron intimidates white people.
mjmnogoal::And so are you.
materazzi2323::My uncles name is Tom
mjmnogoal::Antistratfordian, what is that supposed to mean? haha I am black person.
antistratfordian::you're an uncle tom
materazzi2323::Dont tell me theyre nice guys, i will agree they are great players, but they are definately not NICE GUYS!!!
materazzi2323::Ok how about mocking Dirk because he had a cold and acting like a bunch of 8 year olds in front of the camera??? These guys are immature , cocky, arrogant , selfish JERKS!!!
draino25::because 2 out of the top 5 players in the league are on the same team and people cant stand it.
mjmnogoal::Materazzzi, All fans of the heat will argue with you because they are fans of the Heat.  They are unable to respond to comments others have without being biased.  I however can.. without ever being a cavs or heat fan, I must say they are a very good team.... BUT they do present themselves in a way most people do not like.
antistratfordian::in a way most WHITE people do not like
draino25::the team and the city embarrassed themselves.  they knew it was coming and they did absolutely nothing to stop it.  he gave them 3 years to fix it and they chose not too.
draino25::they didnt bring him one running mate in 7 years.  he told them to bring him more talent or he was gone.  they didnt bring him anyone so he left.
mjmnogoal::How not? They did just as good as the Heat did last year when Lebron was on the Cavs.  They never won a championship.  Please tell me what else they should have done to win a championship in Cleveland.
materazzi2323::Going on national tv and embarrassing the city and team that brought u into the league to declare he's leaving them  is having fun???
garner366::that city didnt bring him into the league his talent did, get it dude..
antistratfordian::two things.  1) he was a free agent he could do whatever he wanted. 2) dan gilbert definitely deserved it.
materazzi2323::Telling people to "go back to their miserable lives", because we dont earn as much as him. Is having fun???
garner366::dang man if your still dwelling over that then your life must suck.... everybody has something their good at it's just up 2 that person 2 find it and use it...
antistratfordian::he never said "miserable lives".  "they have to wake up tomorrow and have the same life that they had before they woke up today"  plus, haters deserve what he said to them after the way he's been treated.  are you f*cking kidding me?  they can dish it but they can't take it?  get the f*ck outta here with that bullsh*t.
antistratfordian::you don't like great players and good guys.  fine by me.  keep loving kobe then, nerd.
draino25::there having fun whats wrong with that?
mjmnogoal::Agreed!
inouyasha29::Skip Bayless is the number one A** hole in the hole espn staff. that punk always have some crap to say about Lebron.
NCman72::i dont know whats worse, skip bayless degrading lebron, or skip bayless worshipping tebow
materazzi2323::Thank you mjmogoal!!!
mjmnogoal::Diazd, you get off yet haha
Diazd134::haha materazzi sounds like a 12 year old girl
materazzi2323::Thats because Lebron deserves it for the way he acts, hes a pure jerK!!!
BamaWannabe::"I thought...better take it...LeBrick won't make it"
Diazd134::lebrick only dropped 35 (which should have really been 37 after that dunk off hendersons head that wasnt call for goaltend)
draino25::it should have been counted a bucket.
heatphin4lyfe::Great game by the bobcats,&amp;great fan support.Those guys put up  a helluva fight...one in which the HEAT needed.Glad to see us tested&amp;respond like CHAMPIONS do....LET`S KEEP THE HATERS HATING!GO HEAT!
heatphin4lyfe::Fact is moron,until someone in the east dethrone the HEAT,we are THE EASTERN CONFERENCE CHAMPS!Just like the mavs are the nba champs...IDIOT!
mjmnogoal::He stated like Champions.  That normally means you are a Champion. Did you go to college? I have a feeling you don't have a day job and  are getting off to comments people make about the heat.
invalid99::actually like =/= is. you can be "like" something without actually being it. in fact, saying like kinda implies that you aren't that, you are merely "like" it.
Diazd134::read the question again moron he didnt proclaim being champs already he said we played like champions and didnt let up
mjmnogoal::You are proclaiming  yourselves as NBA champions before it has even happened. Haha that is why I commented.
heatphin4lyfe::EASTERN CONFERENCE CHAMPS smart@$$
mjmnogoal::Haha I guess.  Just answer the question.. Then I will stop "hating"
Diazd134::we have a hater alerttttt mjmno... haha this guy is a joke
mjmnogoal::Haha what are you champions of?
SLICK0604::Haters wish their team had Wade James and Bosh. As for you bulls fans I can't wait to see boozer and noah onthe bench AGAIN. Heat are just too hot to handle. Let's Go HEAT!!!
mjmnogoal::SO why do the Miami Heat have something on ESPN called the Heat Index?  Why don't other teams have it?  We all know who loves the Miami Heat...
hapatino::Why does ESPN have whole CITY sections : Boston, Dallas, NY, Chicago, LA?  Where is ESPN: Miami?????
Diazd134::they get the $@% off this board if your not a basketball fan... i could tell you were not a fan of the sport by your ignorant comments
mjmnogoal::Haha I guess I would be upset if I even rooted for any of the NBA teams.  I am not a basketball fan, I just enjoy sports.
heatphin4lyfe::beause the HEAT are exciting..PLAIN&amp;SIMPLE
Diazd134::mjm is upset cuz his team doesnt get any publicity wahhhh wahhh
mjmnogoal::Yes, but ESPN ONLY shows The heat. Stop being gay.
..Clipster..::EVERY team has an ESPN blog, it's called the TrueHoop Network.  Stop hating.
