Wizard::The Knicks Stink, They need to suck it up & blow up this abomination. Trade melo for the most assets you can find perhaps an unprotected #1 pick for this years draft. Get rid of Chandler , Felton  , JR let Amare expire since no one will be stupid enough to take him & start from scratch. Meantime play Toure Hardaway Shump & whoever else you get in trades. Boston won a ring in 08 & blew it up. Chicago just blew it up hell they blew it up with Jordan & Pippen. Orlando traded Howard , NO traded Paul , Jazz traded Deron. Melo is going to walk. No way he sticks around for one more year of this in the hopes of playing with Kevin Love or Rondo as if that would even make a difference. This team is LIGHT YEARS away from being even in the top 20% . The only thing dumber than keeping this squad together is the Lakers giving Broken down Kobe 50 million for 2 years so that they sell jerseys & lose games.
EM::Fellow Knicks fans, I think its time for NY to help the Chicago Bulls out. In return, the Bulls can return the favor and help us out as well.  I say if the Bulls are going to swap the $90M dollar man in Carlos Boozer anyways, just trade him NY. The Knicks for Amar'e Stoudemire. The Knicks can even do Chicago even more of a solid to take in Taj Gibson's remaining 4 yrs on his multi-year contract to make this trade work out salary-wise. The Bulls could then amnesty Stat because they still have the luxury to do that and NY will be forced to keep Boozer's remaining 2 yrs. Bulls will also cut excess cap by trading Gibson.  The Knicks need rebounding. Chandler is supposed to be our leading rebounder but gets 3-7 rebounds to Melo's 10-20 because he can hardly stay healthy. Boozer can at least give you that 9 boards a game and is averaging 15 PPG on a bad offensive system. Knicks offense isn't spectacular either but Woody is running thin. Maybe having Boozer in the fold and D-Will on the opposite side of town could be enough to bring in Jerry Sloan. Sloan can run his flex offense and give Melo easier scoring opportunities and make sure Shump and the other guys are cutting. Not to mention due to this Boozer could return to his Utah play with Sloan.  Like I said unfortunately Chandler has been unable to keep healthy and even though he's our anchor and I love him to death it may be in our benefit to seriously think of trading him for Pau's expiring contract straight up. I think right now we are stuck with Smith but if we get rid of Chandler's max contract and are able to trade Felton's 3+M per 3 more yrs contract for a decent expiring contract than NY may turn some bad contracts to put us in a good enough position to work the FA market while keeping Melo as well.
James::Knicks are not a great team, but they are pros so beating them is no small accomplishment. Nets looked good again, but I thought Williams upped the tempo a little today and I hope they continue to be successful at a little faster pace, because they have been looking very, very good at a slightly slower one. But, sweet ball handling, passing and shooting has always been the MO for Brooklyn schoolyard basketball so this club is showing a real Brooklyn identity at the highest level. Go Nets!!!
Von Doom::What the heck is Woodson smoking? Going with a small lineup again??? The prior game, the best player on the team gets banged crashing the boards affecting his shot, so you have him battling with bigs on the opposing team again? The Nets have a better small lineup as they have bigger guards who can shoot.  The so called defensive minded coach has to go. The Knicks are the laziest team on defense and get burned on transition, pick and rolls and switches. Get on your all your players, Woodson. I have no idea why in every game they never help Bargnani during switches while he gets torched by opposing guards.
Truth Be Told::Melo commercials are hilarious ROFL!! The guy has made 1 out of 16 game winning shot attempts as a member of the Knicks (look it up) and they try to paint him as being clutch. Not to mention his glorious 23-43 career postseason record. I have never seen a more overrated athlete in my entire life. He does 2 things only. He scores points on bad field goal percentages, and collects whatever rebounds fall into his fat gut. He doesn't play D, He's not clutch, he doesnt pass, he's not a leader, and his style of play makes all his teammates worse.
Help, I Flopped And Cant Get Up::Must be depressing to be NY Basketball fan.  One franchise is run by a Russian gangster who hires a wife beating drunk to coach his team.  The other team is run by a moron that is so demoralized by his idiotic trades in the past that he's afraid to make new ones in fear of looking even worse.
KHAR T::Believe me or not, I saw this from the first few minutes. These teams playing different ball. First year coach Jason Kidd looks like professor. Nets look confident as a team. They have their leader, they have supporting cast. Everybody accepted their roles and settled down. Knicks continue to play anti-basketball. Few major issues: bad coaching, bad point guard Felton, no ball movement, terrible defense. I am not looking forward to  Knicks games anymore. Lets go Nets!
Melo For 3 Clank!::The last time the New York Knicks won a championship gas costed 42 cents per gallon and Richard Nixon was the president of the United States. What a franchise Bwahahaha!!
Truth Be Told::What will Melo do for an encore to his 4-23? Perhaps a 3-31 is in order? Or maybe a 6-42? Funniest thing is some Knicks fans are actually delusional enough to defend his 4-23 by saying well he made his fouls hots (big deal they should all make their foul shots) and got 20 boards. Newsflash getting 20 boards is not an accomplishment when the Clippers shot 42% as a team and Melo picked back up a bunch of his own misses. His rebounds and free throws had no impact on that game. Truly a clueless fan base. You want so bad to believe Melo is elite... He's not! 4-23 and they try to argue the guy somehow played good LOL!! Melo is a selfish, overrated, unclutch, loser. He always has been and always will be. The smartest thing the Knicks could do is trade him. Fortunately for the rest of us, Dolan isn't smart. Neither are the people that think Melo is this all time great basketball player. He's a selfish overrated chump!
John B::This season has been disaster for my Knicks, but to blame Melo would be idiotic. He's battled every single game and managed to produced even on the worst of shooting nights. Not sure how to fix this mess.
