Jeff Brown::Two heavy hitters about to go at it. OK, not. But Go Green anyway!
Chelo Mejias::Bleed Green
Jake Gibbs::Brandon Jennings seriously needs to go to the allstar game.  Jennings has outplayed Irving all year.  Wall and Jennings for EC point guards.  Pistons are scoring so much more with Jennings running the show.
Eric Lott::I am a huge brandon jennings fan, however i think he should be no where near being in the all-star game..
Jake Gibbs::Eric Lott Go look at the EC.  Nobody deserves it more than him.  Maybe Wall but barely.
Paul Voelz::Eric Lott - Jennings is balling this year, if going to the AS game is all about flashiness and numbers. Then Jennings deserves to be there, no arguments. His team is better than the Cavs and Wizards, and he's got a high assist average. Why shouldn't he be there? and why should Irving and Wall deserve it more? Jennings is proving that he should get considerations.
Jake Gibbs::Man Brandon Jennings has made a world of difference for the Pistons.  Detroit is scoring so much more than last year.
Timothy J. Casey::Idk about a world of difference, but he's been a nice uprade over Knight.
Zach Winiecke::Jennings is a huge upgrade. He can pass, shoot, handle, and is less turnover prone than Knight. Definitely one of my favorite Pistons
Matt Washburn::Let's go Pistons!!!!
Geoff Starling::Despite these teams similar records I think this is good matchup for the Pistons and a nightmare for Boston. Boston plays good team D, but the Pistons are an iso team. Boston will need some exquisite O to win, there's no way they can defend the Pistons post play. They'll need to sag way off the perimeter trying to help or get destroyed in the paint.. which the Pistons do to everyone but this will be a field day. I'm predicting a career high for KCP with 4 triples because of this and the fact he will be more comfortably playing against a bunch of other unproven young players. The Pistons also appear to be finding their identity lately and their D has vastly improved. The 3 OT losses sting but I think the PIstons will find themselves .500 or above by the end of this month.
Shanny Salcedo::The Celtics had no problems defending Kevin Love and Pekovic in rout to a win.....All the C's have to do is get Drummond & Monroe in foul trouble early in the game
Brad Krotzer::The other night the Pistons win at Indiana and it's no where to be found on ESPN's page....Boston beats Minnesota and it's one of the top headlines....Tonight, Detroit beats Boston, and once again, it's no where to be found. That's fine, ESPN, we know you're madly in love with Boston, but you're gonna have to be writing about this Pistons team come May and June!
Philip Wilson::I thought i was the only one who noticed EPSN didnt have anyhting up about the Pistons upset of the Pacers. I'm not worried about it. They just makin them prove it over and over again. They wont ignore them long.
Brad Krotzer::Philip Wilson I agree! I'm not really bothered by it either, I just laugh and say typical ESPN! They'll notice the Pistons soon enough!
Paul Voelz::Philip Wilson - I found it odd also, they don't report anything about the Pistons. Forget them then.
Dave Fritz::I like the other night when the Pistons beat Indians, In Indiana and they were showing the highlights, and they were showing the disgusted looks on the Pacer fans  faces. Like they couldn't believe they were losing to a team like the Pistons. Maybe they should take another look at the Pistons, they are starting to jell and soon it won't be a surprise when this team starts beating very good teams on a regular basis.
Dave Fritz::I think I meant to say Indiana in Indiana not Indians LOL.
Joon Park::You do realize there is an edit button right?
Daniel Quinn::Pistons had 18 fouls and Boston had 20. Pistons shot 20 FTs and Boston shot...22. BUT THE REFS WERE TOTALLY FOR THE PISTONS!!!! WAAAAAAHHHHHHH
Yang Wang::nice profile photo, thought there was a fly on my monitor for about 5 secs
Jdzspace Espn::WTF happened? we were up by 12 when i left.....i come back and we're losing?? really ?
Mike Bird Munger::Refs took over for Detroit bro.
Jake Sain::Mike Bird Munger are we watching the same game. cuz it surly isnt the refs its the shot selection by your celtics
Zach Winiecke::Miracle comeback, was not expecting that at all
Thomas O'Neal::Free Rondo! Go C's!!!!!
Marvin Garcia::Boston SUCKS!
Jeoby Redondo::you sucks*
Jeffrey Muhr::Pistons are getting it together and showing promise at last. They are hanging with good teams, and beating some of them. Drummond is a monster, Josh Smith and Jennings have been playing better. Nice to see.
Tony Hartmann::The Pistons are starting to turn it around.
John Martin::Tony Hartmann Yeah, like Detroit is turning it around.  Loser City.
Alex Baker::John Martin The only loser here is you. I don't know if you're a Celtics fan, but nobody cares for your opinion, especially when its as ignorant as the one you stated.
John Carlson::One game under .500 and two nice road wins in a row, here come the Pistons.  Other than Smith, this is a very young team and a solid nucleus to continue to build upon.
Jdzspace Espn::wow, the C's outscored Charlotte and Orlando and Miami's halftime scores........that is something i never thought i would say after the 1st quarter
Michael Joseph Papazian::Yeah, and they still lost to the Pistons. You gotta play 4 quarters,
Mike Bird Munger::LOL AND ON CUE.....ONCE THE REFS START MAKING UP BULLCRAP CALLS AGAINST US AND IGNORING FOULS ON DETROIT...."MAGICALLY" DETROIT CAN GET BACK INTO THE GAME.
Jeoby Redondo::no they will lose
Ruth Miller::Detroit's is fun to watch with their athletic bigs.  They might make some noise in the weak eastern conference.
Christian Pitzer::refs just have to give the pistons every chance they can, can't wait till we get asik then we can shut teams like this down with no problem
Jake Sain::just a typical 10 yr old fan. never can man up to his own teams defeat. remember a previous comment you made that we suck. yeah will this team that sucks beat the pacers and came back from a 21 point defecit to beat you guys. sure is the refs fault my friend. NOTTTT
Doug Reed::Asik lmao
Joey Bernhardt::Jake Sain don't forget the pistons beat the heat in miami too.
Al Ex::celtics shot 50% from the field for the game and lost.  c's played a good game but jennings 3 point shots stole the game for detroit.
Mike Bird Munger::LOL@ ANYONE WHO STILL THINKS THE NBA AND THEIR REFS DON'T HAVE AN AGENDA AGAINST THE CELTICS.
Jake Darin::Up by 20 in the first half. It would take more than the refs to blow that lead.
Jake Gibbs::Wow. Boston blew a 20 point lead against a below .500 team. Back in tank mode I guess.
Darvon Neal::Just proves you have to play the team...not the team's record! If you fall asleep they will give you a rude awakening!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #PISTONS
Genuine Dee::Detroit is a team on the rise....Celtics are a team on the dive....
Jdzspace Espn::the correct term is "rebuilding" .....to dive would presume that the team was great and is on the downward tick. the Celtics are actually not great, they are starting from the bottom, so they can't be on the dive......i know your from New York so these might seem hard to understand, but i can't think of smaller words to help you understand.
Ken Ahl::Amnd yet we are still better than the Knicks
Genuine Dee::Funny how you looking at my profile and judging me cus im from NY. BUT that dont mean i like the knicks been a detroit fan for years.
Ken Ahl::nice 1'st half Celts a little more D in the second half would be great
Jake Vach::Detroit riding real high lately. This could very well be a letdown game for them.
Paul Voelz::Once you figure out how to beat the Pacers, and almost beat Portland. There should be no letdown, they should be confident they can beat anybody in the league. Playing on the road is never easy, but the Pistons are a good road team. Should be a good game tho.
Jeoby Redondo::sure about that?
