LylaCurtis::Pop thank you for playing your first string, a move almost as ugly as your face
Texicano10::Spurs needa add a big before the playoffs and slow the game down a bit, last nights game reminded me of last years wcf. we can't play that way for 7 games Manu and Timmy will run outa gas and the foul calls won't go our way on the road(game6)
NewAges::Here is what Harden said about bs calls:   Harden was whistled for his fifth foul on the ensuing jump ball, forcing Houston coach Kevin McHale to sit his leading scorer. ''It changed the entire game,'' Harden said of the call. ''It gave me five fouls. I had to come out, and then I had to play hesitant. It changed the entire game.''
Tim Duncan Still Has It::Rockets suck, that's why they lost.
Steve Brock The Flagger::Here...need a tissue?
Steve Brock The Flagger::Lmfao....there's an echoing of cries in the back ground...you crying salami boy?
Steve Brock The Flagger::SALAMI DUNK ON U...HOW ABOUT THE RAPIST KOBELINA? HOW MANY PEOPLE DO YOU THINK HATE HIS RE TARDED LOOKING FACE?
Steve Brock The Flagger::LMFAO...SALAMI DUNK ON YOUR FACE....LIKING YOUR OWN POSTS MUCH? LMFAO
NOVABuffalo::his mother put a pork chop around his neck so the family dog would play with him
slam_dunk_on_u::Funny thing is that despite having great seasons so far Timmy Duncon and Tony Parker are getting beat in the All-Star ballots by players like Dwight Howard, Jeremy Lin and yes....Steve Nash!!!!!!!    Poor spurts...no one likes your players
Steve Brock The Flagger::AGAIN...SAME POST FROM LAST NIGHT...LMFAO...
Steve Brock The Flagger::Salami dunk on u= cali-illiterate!
Steve Brock The Flagger::@salami dunk on your face...ask your doctor for a new brain..hopefully it won't reject your dumb head! Lmfao
slam_dunk_on_u::The other night I could not sleep and ended up going to the doctor because I was diagnosed with Insomnia...    To my surprise, the doctor didn't prescribe any meds he just told me to watch spurts games ...    It worked!!!    To this day...my Insomnia has completely disappeared ...so for that I wanna Thank the Spurts for curing my Insomnia....
I hate Jerry Jones::A)  Your Lakers are the joke of the league B)  Your ears are bigger then Dumbos  you're pissed, aren't you?  LOL!
Steve Brock The Flagger::LMFAOOOOOOOOO...ITS DUMBO EARS^^^^^^....WITH THE SAME POST FROM LAST NIGHT....LMFAO...NO NEW MATERIAL...GO BACK TO YOUR CAGE!
NewAges::People keep saying "don't blame the refs"....cause no body want to do anything about it and let the refs dictate the game and possibly sell games to Vegas......Sound like corruption to me
NewAges::Sound like NBA has Vegas paws all over it. If NBA want their market grow, they need to change the corruptions
NOVABuffalo::Rockets were +8 .... therefore, you are defeating your own logic.  Why the last second lay up to clear the line?
NewAges::I admitted the calls were bs on both sides, but you can't take out the core players on one side with bs calls and call it a fair game.
NOVABuffalo::dude Harden played 40+ minutes ... more than any Spur.  It was a coaching mistake to remove him from the game, imo.
Steve Brock The Flagger::Waaaaaaahhhhh
NOVABuffalo::If you would step back and see many of the calls can indeed go both ways, then you might build a crediable case ... your statements are too bias.  Example, Harden's 5th was bogus, but so was Jackson's 5th.  Harden creates contact and gets the calls, I'm good with that since he is the more aggresive player.  Harden played over 40 minutes, Jackson wasn't able to due to foul calls ----- like I said at least attempt to see both sides.  Spurs have long-ago understood they aren't likely to get calls and Popovich properly coached players not to discuss these matters - even with PROVEN CORRUPTION against the Spurs.
NOVABuffalo::If the NBA was to keep assigning Joey C to Spurs games after proven issues, then it's clear Stern doesn't care much about league image beyond NY, LA, Chi and Boston.  That is why I find it so funny when teams say Spurs get favoritism, it is laughable.
NewAges::"Spurs have long-ago understood they aren't likely to get calls and Popovich properly coached players not to discuss these matters - even with PROVEN CORRUPTION against the Spurs."  People acknowledge these issues....but let it be? No wonder NBA is not popular as NFL
Steve Brock The Flagger::Harden = Flopper
Steve Brock The Flagger::Go cry to stern...maybe he'll help you
Steve Brock The Flagger::To all you jacks...hey...at least we have a brilliant past....you thunder fans have the sonics post to look upon...lmfao
Steve Brock The Flagger::Past*
Steve Brock The Flagger::Damn dumb trolls don't have anything better to do!
gabe5355::back to winning
dazeofwar::Spurs win again. Deal with it. ;)
SteeleKen::here2win and grapenutz are one in the same....both  believe Durant/Westbrook will be on this team 10 years from now....and they'll also have you believe that in year 16 (Durant) and year 15 (westbrook) they'll be better than currently....LOL  they've had 5 years together...look at all the other 'dynamic duos' and tell me how long it took them to get a Ring....give ya hint - wasn't 5 years!!!
SteeleKen::Durant/Westbrook = 5 years of disappointment
NewAges::Refs handed the game to Spurs....Took away Rockets core weapons...first Asik then Harden
dolfan2949::wahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
NOVABuffalo::It's been fun .... you folks have a great New Year.  It's clear the Spurs drive some folks crazy (NewAges, Coog, and Here), guess it is good to have a cloudly mind.  Spurs organization is one of the best in all of sports.
Dezagcoog::LOL nah y'all don't drive me crazy, I just call out BS when I hear it. Any sensible post I see I reply to sensibly. Any ridiculous post, claiming this and that I reply to in kind. It's all in good fun. These are the ESPN boards afterall.
NOVABuffalo::that we agree on....I'm not raising my bloodpressure on here and killing my keyboard ... like some others
NewAges::not Spurs drive us crazy....but the refs (Spurs second bench)...Best organization needs to play and win without bs refs to get respected
Dezagcoog::Dude I've told you before and I'll tell you again. Blaming the refs is for like little kids who just started watching the sport. It's always been that way and always will be. Your team needs to be good enough so that nothing can stop them. And we will be soon enough. These guys have only played less than 30 games together. We're on a nice quick rise!
NewAges::It made Spurs win looks bad....
dolfan2949::wahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!! would you like some cheese with that whine?
here2win08::That's so 2000s. I'm sorry you guys have no future to look up to.
NOVABuffalo::thanks ... you sound like a Lakers fan after DR
NewAges::5th foul calls on Harden killed Rockets momentum.
sealtrader::and the cheap flops from the Spurs !  DISGRACE !!!
dolfan2949::were you watching the same game I was watching Newages? There were some pretty "obvious" fouls committed by the Rockets that were glaringly overlooked by those same refs you're whining about. In fact, I would say it helped the Rockets climb back into a game that was looking like a blowout early on. So spare me your whining about the refs. Rockets just aren't on the same level as the Spurs. So deal with that fact before you run your mouth about bad calls.
NewAges::Did you see all core Rockets get all kind of crazy fouls? How can they play when the refs constantly harassed them all night long
NewAges::Blowout? Score were 3 points deficit at half and third qtr
NewAges::Yeah right..then play fair and square to get respected...why need help from the refs?
dolfan2949::It would not have made a difference. Rockets were not going to win last night.
NewAges::here what Harden said:  ''It changed the entire game,'' Harden said of the call. ''It gave me five fouls. I had to come out, and then I had to play hesitant. It changed the entire game.''
I hate Jerry Jones::Yeah, Harden is spot on...when you commit 5 fouls and get pulled out it changes the entire game.
NewAges::Refs fouled on all Rockets core players...cheap shot at its best
sportsfan1014::Lin also in foul trouble last night, he had to "let go" many times in second helf last night
sportsfan1014::Harden sure is a scoring machine, but he needs to play better D
SPURZWARZ1.0::Usually do.
SPURZWARZ1.0::HERE2WIN SHOULD CHANGE HIS MEMBER NAME TO "HERETOWHINE!"
here2win08::You're the dude living in the past. Not me. Ha!
dolfan2949::butt hurt?  ROTFLMAO
here2win08::Useless to talk to dumbasses.. go away. Ha!
Lt. Frag::He is a crybaby! Why is he even here? Must be Grapenutz!
SPURZWARZ1.0::Sounds like GRAPEBUTZ!
I hate Jerry Jones::The Asian mafia in Houston is doing a good job of dividing this team's fanbase.  All I heard all last night was "Lin fans" versus "Rockets fans".  i like Jeremy Lin too but he's merely a cog in the machine - houstonians (Asian ones especially) need to learn to embrace the concept of team play (In dictionary find the meaning under "San Antonio Spurs")
I hate Jerry Jones::I know there's lots of great Rockets fans, i saw them posting last night b ut like I said, either you've got TROLLS acting like they're Lin fans or you truly do have some "Lin-sanity" fans that don't have a clue.
AndyisSuave::More fans = more money, attention, and excitement for the franchise.  I came in a Lin fan and through that am a fan of the team.  There's no linsanity without Ws.  Don't lump all Lin fans into a Lin fan v. Rocket fan conflict, some of us like basketball as much as we like individual players, and not all Lin fans are asian (he also has a Christian, Harvard, Palo Alto, and underdog fan base).  How many of you (who were alive) can honestly say you weren't watching every BULLS game during the MJ era?
Bulls Bears Cubs::I watched the Bulls game during MJ era because I lived in Chicago, it is on TV every game.  I watch the whole time, from MJ rookie year until he retired.
AndyisSuave::also a Harden fan though
sportsfan1014::they swept both Bulls &amp; the Knicks
rEdBuLxTaSy::DUDE STOP GENERALIZING ASIANS...FYI MOST CARE ABOUT "TEAM" BASKETBALL AND WINNING GAMES :):):)
dolfan2949::would you like egg roll with that?
rEdBuLxTaSy::THERE'S A ALOT OF FAKE LIN TROLLS AROUND HERE TRYING TO MAKE REAL LIN FANS LOOK BAD IF YOU HAVEN'T NOTICED.:):):)
I hate Jerry Jones::I'm just going by what i saw last night - maybe they were trolls?  I don't know but it was sickening.
rEdBuLxTaSy::ROCKETS LOST THIS GAME DUE TO A WEAK CAST OF PF'S:(:(:(
sportsfan1014::ROCKETS LOST THIS GAME DUE TO THE WEAK SKILL OF FLOPPING
dolfan2949::Rockets lost the game because they are the inferior team. Period!!  Deal with it loser!
here2win08::It was just one of those lucky night where Spurs couldn't miss. Anytime you shoot close to 60%, you going to win more than lost. Spurs won't go anywhere these year... bunches of old dudes that will run of gas at the end of the season. Ha!
dolfan2949::here2win08 - that's so 2000. Ha!  I've seen you use that $@%!$@% phrase several times. What century are you living in? Last time I looked, this is the 2000's LOL Fool!
here2win08::that's so 2000. Ha!
I hate Jerry Jones::Says the fan who's team was swept by the SPURS....BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
SPURZWARZ1.0::The only one "living in the past" are thunder fans! After all, they keep bring up last year, except for the ending!
NOVABuffalo::Those old guys in wheelchairs still winning ... amazing
NOVABuffalo::Spurs management actually works, just doesn't go to games
SPURZWARZ1.0::At least the big 3 of the Spurs didnt leave SA
Lt. Frag::Got that right!
here2win08::$@%!$@% Spurs fans.. all you got to look for is the past. Sorry for you all. Ha!
dolfan2949::Poor whiny; he cain't hep it! He is a fan of a stolen team, mired in the middle of Oklahoma of all places, that never has won anything of significance; so the envy when he looks at the Spurs organization's LONG TERM success is somewhat understandable, albeit sad.  Spurs are the class of the NBA; deal with it !
here2win08::Mistake? Look up the record, buddy. OKC still one of the top team. Ha!
NOVABuffalo::Spurs management did this with DR, then TD, now Parker and Manu ... yes it is possible, if you have smart management.
here2win08::Can you go ask Harden to take less money to stay with the team?
NOVABuffalo::"business move" --- OK fine, I guess OKC is better w/o Harden --- SMH
here2win08::it's a business move...sure Harden is good but can't keep them all when you already have 2 big time scorer on your team.
NOVABuffalo::long haul ... mistake one is Harden.  More likely coming.  Ask Spurs fans ... it's not about the regular season.
NOVABuffalo::win a couple series and Thunder fans think they have done something ... your management is likely to make mistakes and the future will be gone like a mirage
SPURZWARZ1.0::What do Thunder fans &amp; Gollum from the "Hobbit" have in common?  They both cry over a "lost ring!"
here2win08::You can relive your past with the Spurs while we OKC fans live for the future. Ha!
NOVABuffalo::Spurs NBA team of the decade
Complaint Dept.::LMFAO! BURN
here2win08::Why are you compare Spurs to OKC?   Spurs = bunch of old dudes with 10+ years
sportsfan1014::they might be old but they sure can flop
sportsfan1014::Parker is one of the best in business, even Spurs announcers said so last night
NOVABuffalo::jealous ... it's hard to shoot 57% while flopping
here2win08::That's why I say lets talk again 10 years from now.
NOVABuffalo::It's about time line .... Parker won during 2nd year.  Westbrook &amp; Durant had that opportunity last year and failed.  So .... while the OKC future is bright, many times things happen and you don't get more chances.
SPURZWARZ1.0::Lol, the Thunder is Lebron's bi tch! No way OKC will win any championships! That if they can AFFORD to keep their star players!
SPURZWARZ1.0::Spurs have 4 trophies in their trophy case, OKC HAS AN IOU!
sportsfan1014::baby Thunder don't have a title at this time, but they did beat the Spurs in the playoffs last seaon.
here2win08::Why are you comparing apple and oranges? Lets wait until their careers ended. We can talk then.
here2win08::OKC will have win 5 trophies in the next 10 years while Spurs will win 0 trophy. Ha!
I hate Jerry Jones::i love how OKC fans look down the corridor of time and see their team winning multiple championships,,,especially when they haven't won one yet....BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!  that's what wannabees do!
NOVABuffalo::Where does that leave LB and the Heat?
SPURZWARZ1.0::Even more talk, after all, that's all thunder fans have is TALK!
SPURZWARZ1.0::Spurs have 4 championship banners hanging from their rafters, OKC, a "no smoking" sign!
here2win08::How can you compare?   How long has Westbrook and Durant played in the NBA?   How long has Parker, Duncan, Manu played?   Lets compare after they're done with their playing career.
NOVABuffalo::funny stuff ... but Sonics banner is theirs (even if I believe that should have been a Spurs banner).
sportsfan1014::not fair at all, Thunder are only 3+ years old
SPURZWARZ1.0::Lol, SONIC AMNESIA!
Complaint Dept.::LMFAO!
SPURZWARZ1.0::Thunder fans can rationalize the decision to trade Hardin all they want, it's all talk until OKC actually wins a ring!
I hate Jerry Jones::I despise the Beard but that dude is a player...and I just witnessed tonight that OKC traded their chance at a 'ship to the Houston ROckets!
NOVABuffalo::Management stuff like this is what really sets the Spurs apart.  Perhaps some of you are too young, but Lakers management always said DR wouldn't stay in SA.  Then it was TD would leave.  Somehow Spurs management figured out a way to deal with their superstars, got to give them credit.
here2win08::Lets be honest. If Harden was still in OKC, he wouldn't be used to his full potential Bench player getting his 15 pts per game.
SPURZWARZ1.0::Lets be even more honest, OKC HAS NO RINGS!
NOVABuffalo::Some of them indicate Harden didn't wish to give up a little to stay.  Perhaps that is part of the it as well.  I don't think OKC is better w/o Harden, guess we will see come playoffs.
here2win08::OKC will win.. just wait. Ha!
here2win08::Everyone kept saying Lebron will never win.. Did he won? Lets not talk but wait and see for yourself. Ha!
SPURZWARZ1.0::More talk^^^^!!!
SPURZWARZ1.0::Westbrook &amp; Durant won't get the Thunder past Miami!
here2win08::We all can sit here and agrue. Let's just wait and see. Comeback 10 years from now and lets talk again. Ha.
here2win08::Harden was horrible last year.
SPURZWARZ1.0::Dodging the arguement again!
SPURZWARZ1.0::The Thunder couldn't afford 3 star players without paying a luxury tax! Playing in a very small town has its limitations!
nba is the worst::They could have had they amnestied Perk, who is worthless - or worst case, traded westbrick and his 40% FG shooting
here2win08::Maybe they didn't think Harden would be this good?
here2win08::When you have Westbrook and Durant dominating the offense plays, you need complimentary players like Ibaka and others to do the dirty work. Would you rather have Harden or Ibaka to compliment Westbrook and Durant?
here2win08::From the business view, paying a player max money and keeping him a bench player doesn't make sense.
SPURZWARZ1.0::Still doesn't discount the fact OKC IS CHEAP!
nba is the worst::Rockets are sure better than anyone could have predicted - OKC blew it big time
I hate Jerry Jones::A mistake of epic proportions by the OKC front office to allow Harden to leave - I'm surprised at Sam Presti, I thought he learned well from RC Buford.
here2win08::Absolutely agree with you! This team is going to be scary in a few year! Domination!
lbenzcaptain::Lin and Harden had 8 and 7 assist a piece.  They always have good assist numbers.  Maybe these guys a pretty good together.  And Houston fans ( like always) are bigoted jerks that can never be happy and only want to complain. The problem may be the fans. Ever thought about that. Two guys that can score and pass and Houston fans still have to hate one. Houston, the bandwagon Capitol of the world with the worse fans in the world. As usual.
here2win08::It must be Lin's fans. They want him to score 40 pts and dish out 15 asts every game. Oh yeah.. and play 48 minutes. Ha!
rEdBuLxTaSy::YOU'RE AN IDIOT!!! WHAT DID YOU EXPECT A PG TO DO?  PLAY AS A SG?  LIN HAS PROVEN HE CAN PLAY WHEN UTILIZED PROPERLY TO HIS POSITION.  HARDEN IS THE BEST SCORER BUT HE ISN'T THE BEST PLAYMAKER OF THE TWO.  BUT OF COURSE MOST "BALL HERO" TYPE FANS CARE MORE ABOUT GLORIFYING PERSONAL STATS THAN WINNING GAMES :):):)
DalvinSplit::How in the world those  OLD Spurs keep wining ???  What is formula !!????
JustAverageKnicksFan::Duncan, Parker,and Manu equate to winning.
JPPenjoysBullying::Steriods
here2win08::Anytime when you shoot close to 60% as a team, you going to win most games. Spurs what lights out. They couldn't miss.
NOVABuffalo::team play and three of the starters are under 30, average age of starters is 28.  Is that really old?  Duncan seems to be able to continue to dominate younger players as well, one day the Spurs will need to replace the HOFer, then we shall see how great the Spurs managment is.
Philip07tx::Now that Lin is playing good along side Harden some ppl want to make the rockets Lins' team only...in reality it's hardens team that y he's the franchise player w/ a 5 yr 80 mil deal...I like both players on like some ppl on this board who by hunks Lin is Jesus...he can ball but he's not better than Harden end of story...enjoy their success rather than trying to tear them apart...
lbenzcaptain::Harden is a play maker. Not only can he score he can pass.
Denzel7587::Harden thinks that the Rockets are his team. There lies the problem. He usurps the ball from the team's PG. He doesn't want to be overshadowed by Lin who I think is a much better playmaker and floor general than Harden. Without doubt, Harden is the team's best scorer but it doesn't mean that he also needs to act as the team's PG. HARDEN IS OVERDOING IT, UNDERMINING THE TEAM'S PERFORMANCE EVEN AS HE SCORES MORE THAN 3O POINTS EVERY GAME. Harden's offense diminishes the contribution of other players and that is why even if he scores a lot, the Rockets are not winning as many games. How is Harden different than the old Carmelo Anthony, who had good stats but poor winning percentage for the Knicks. Look at Carmelo now. He's still scoring, but he is not as a ballhog as before and look at the performance of Knicks. 2nd in the Eastern Conference.   NObody thinks Lin is Jesus. HIs fans like me just want Lin to be allowed to use his strengths as a PG and floor general, which Harden has been usurping. Too bad because most people have already seen the excellent results of letting Lin play as the PG and floor general (versus the Knicks, Bulls, Sixers and Grizzlies).
nba is the worst::Denzel acts like the coach is simply a bystander.  Rockets are just developing their chemistry, and there's a reason why Harden is the #1 option over Lin - that's what the coach is drawing up. Undermining the team - well, they have the same record as last year with a lot more upside IMO. How is doing what the coach wants done "usurping"?  smh
here2win08::I think the ball handling distribution from the last few games is good. Lin is a turnover machine so limiting his handling will reduce his turnovers. Maybe in a year or two, he will get 100% ball handling duty.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::harden is almost a pure scorer and lin is turning into a scorer too (21 points) but is as good a PG distributing with the assists.  once lin can hit the shot like Stockton and Parker, he will be a complete player but we dont need him to be that now cause he is doing just fine.  rockets dont know what they need which means they have quality at every position.  I'm just having fun watching these rockets versus lastyears rockets so I'm completely satisfied right now which is hard for this american to admit..that he is satisfied for once about something.
tlew137::Yeah, It is team defense that's the problem. That's why I don't know if they should worry about another max player. They need maybe 2 solid role playing defenders. Someone needs to step up.
TomNishikawa::Harden's team??? If Hardeen, your SG plays the role of PG and scoring, where does that leave your PG????  Your PG, LIn becomes a spot up shooter and that is not his strength.   ONe dimensional Harden offense will not work against teams like the Spurs. The coaching staff still does not get how to coach the team.   Let LIn play the role of a PG and pass the ball to Harden for scoring with his athleticism.   Otherwise, In order for Harden/LIn combo to work, you need the ball movements like the Spurs. LIn and Harden has to keep passing to each other and move the ball to find an opening. And it's not happening.   As soon as Lin dribbles up the court and passes to Harden, the ball movement ends there and Lin is standing in the corner waiting for a pass.   Watch how the Spurs share the ball around Tony Parker. That is how you play fundamental basketball, you stupid, Rockets coaching staff.
Philip07tx::Some ppl on this board r just plain evil.....harden n Lin r teammates still this ppl r acting like they're enemies, both had a fine gm...reason the lost is cause the can't play team defense so pls stop with this am on Lin side n not harden...have Lin complained or has harden complained about the other...wow
dychen::You obviously have not watched much of the Spurs games.  While Parker is a top notch PG in this league.  Ginobili handles the ball quite often in their offense.  Did you ever watch the Bulls during MJ's days?  Michael would handle the ball but so would Scottie.  That was why the phrase Point Forward was developed.  It's all about the offensive scheme.  The Knicks have been playing all year with 2 PGs in their lineup in Felton (now injured) and Kidd.  The Bucks play with Monta Ellis and Brandon Jennings.  Two dominat ball handlers can and have worked together.  It's about adapting to each other which will and has happened in the last month if you check the stats.  Lin has raised his shooting percentage because he's learned how to play around Harden's game.  He's learned he needs to drive to the lane more often.
Denzel7587::Review the Rockets game this season. Even if Harden scored over 30 points, the Rockets struggled against opponents if Lin was utilized as a spot-up shooter, not a PG. Lin's poor play has been due to a system where is he not allowed to play the PG role. When finally the Rockets allowed him to play the PG role (in the games against Knicks, Bulls, Sixers, and Grizzlies), the Rockets totally dominated even superior teams with great defenses. This is the key to the Rockets' making the playoffs. Sadly, in the games against the Timberwolves and Spurs, Harden reverted to his ballhogging play, Lin suffered  got benched like a yo-yo and the Rockets became uncompetitive again.
TomNishikawa::There is a problem when your SG plays the role of the PG. If Harden plays the role of PG a ball handler and scorer at the same time, where does that leave the PG???  LIn becomes a spot up shooter. This is not gonna work.  Harden/Lin combo, the only way it can work is by sharing the ball like the Spurs do around Tony Parker. Harden and LIn constantly have to pass the ball to each other to find and opening. But pass ends as soon as LIn passes to Harden.   I can not believe Rockets coaching staff is stupid enough not to realize this and fix this. Basketball is a team sport. not a one man show.
here2win08::Give it time. 1-2 more years and you might get what you wish for. Lin is turnover machine so it's not wise to give him to ball 100% of the plays right now. If Lin improves his outside, he's going to be deadly for years to come.
Denzel7587::Harden is a better scorer than Lin but Lin can win more games than Harden. He's a better PG and floor general. In the preseason, the Rockets won 5 of 6 games where Lin played as the PG. He even had a very poor stat during the season, but he controlled the Rocketes' tempo and offensive style, he maximized the contributions of other teammates like Parsons, Martin, Asik. Lin has apparently recaptured his game, and he is in a much better position of winning games than Harden's superior scoring, but poor team chemistry-kind of game. Harden and Lin blending so well is a good wish, but apparently it's not sustainable because Harden is a natural ballhog, the coach favors Harden, and while Lin's game is premised on greater ball movement and balanced scoring, it's a new style that is not favored by the Rockets' coach.
Denzel7587::Harden is a natural ballhog. But, it's not his fault he usurps the PG role from Lin. He's an Alpha dog. It's the coach's job to control Harden. Harden's a phenomenal scorer, but his offensive style lessens ball movement and sidelines the contribution of Lin, Asik, and other players on the floor. Put Lin back as the PG and floor general. If Harden does not follow, bench him for the rest of the game. In my opinion, a Lin-led offense  has a better chance than a Harden-led offense in being competitive against the Thunders. Lin can maximize the strengths of Asik, Parsons, Murris, and Greg Smith, to beat the Spurs. In addition, to beat the Thunders, the Rockets' coaching staff should call in sick tomorrow in the game against the Thunders. The coaching staff is doing a much better job of beating the Rockets with its lousy decisions especially the routine benching of lin like a yo-yo.
Denzel7587::Harden again usurped the PG role, sidelining Lin and making the competitive Spurs weak against superior teams. The Rockets need to wake up--a Harden-led offense is inferior compared to a Lin-led offense which features fluid ball movement and makes other players much better. Harden is a valuable player for the Rockets but he is doing much damage to this team by usurping the PG role and acting as the team's floor general. The formula for the Rockets' making the playoff can be found in the recent games the Knicks, Sixers, Bulls, and Grizzlies. Lin acts more as the PG and floor general in these games. I wondered what happened in the game against Timberwolves when Harden and Parsons usurped the PG role again like they did in many other games this season.
Philip07tx::Dude pls $@%!...harden n Lin r teammates, u acting like they're enemies both had a fine gm...reason the lost is cause the can't play team defense so pls stop with this am on Lin side n not harden...have Lin complained or has harden complained
TomNishikawa::He's not saying Harden and Lin are enemies. There is a problem with the way the offense is handled.   Let LIn be a PG and read the defense, and pass to Harden for opening and score with his athleticism.   Utilize LIn's strenghth as a good penetrator and good reader of the defense. He will find and open man. trust me
Lorenzomax7::Are you guys trying to turn everything into a Lin vs Lin's offensive partner debate?
TomNishikawa::Lin is the PG dummy. And Lin is also can read the defense very well, His passes are based on after observing the defense and reading the defense.   There has got to be constant ball movement between Harden and LIn and Parsons and others. But I rarely see the ball coming back to LIn, the PG, after he passes to Harden and others.  constantly move the ball around! watch how Spurs do it around Tony Parker for god sake!
Lorenzomax7::Stop.........please stop....................
Denzel7587::Why stop? I'm just telling you why the Rockets lost to the Spurs and were barely competitive against the Wolves the other day. Beautiful Rockets basketball against the Knicks, Bulls, Sixers and Grizzlies turned ugly with Harden's ballhogging. This is the true explanation behind the Rockets' dismal performance against the SPurs.
stpsg::I think she just called Nando De colo "Carlos Delfino" 0:23
H-Town Dream Shake::Spurs were a well rested team who hadnt played since last week. Good game hopefully when we have equal rest we'll see a good rematch.
Steve Brock The Flagger::The Spurs played two days ago.
Steve Brock The Flagger::The Spurs have played back to back many of times...what are you trying to say?
H-Town Dream Shake::The rockets played two games so far and will play another one tomorrow.
fdavidson1106::We are the knights who say nee!
Dezagcoog::ummm I don't wanna be THAT guy, but it's "ni"
Steve Brock The Flagger::Clearly salami dude is an embarrassment to humanity and the United States of America! Lmfao...whata dumb troll!
AlphaBeta123::haha, great ID.  Brockoli is an annoying little nerd.
Hank10593::Didn't watch the game, why did Asik and G Smith play so little?
Philip07tx::It's foul trouble....asik picked up 3 fouls even before half time...messed up everything
MichaelKL017::McHale being a bad coach...what else is new.  Its frustrating because Kevin cant even do the basics such as knowing when to call timeouts and managing player minutes.  The Rockets score better on transition because Kevin McHale's playcalling is c.rap
sports guy12::foul trouble
TheAmazingRem::Lin needs to stop shooting 3's.
Denzel7587::Lin begins to shoot more 3s when he's not in control of the ball. He's being forced again to play the spot-up shooter, his weakest game.
Lorenzomax7::Durant never stopped shooting 3's in his rookie year even he was shooting what? 29%?
mspearlmay::Hopefully you are not comparing Durant to Lin.   Lin is weak in body and mind so get used to it.  No team will ever win if they have to rely on Lin.
MichaelKL017::he could eaily take a step or two in but in the NBA coaches teach that a 40% 3 point shooter is equal to an 60% FG shooter.  I think he is being told to not take the two.
NewcastleFanVL::I'm curious to see if Lin will struggle 2moro, if he does like in the Minny game(2nd of back to back) then he likely has a stamina issue.
here2win08::Russell Westbrook going to eat him alive...
XRAY07508::" I center my life around spewing hate about the spurs everytime they win or lose. I live in my mom's basement, and the most interesting thing I have going on in my life is trolling ESPN boards. I am afraid that I may have become sterile, because I have not used my junk in a long time."  - SLAM_DUNK_ON_YOU
slam_dunk_on_u::Just finished watching the Rockets - Spurts game on my Tivo  and the Rockets look impresive, on the other hand the spurts had a run for their money and were clearly bailed out by the refs...Shame on you spurts!!!
Steve Brock The Flagger::Take your estrogen pills and go to sleep..we all know you're dumb!
