wjenwesi::You know the lakers don't belong in the playoffs when it takes a monster/selfish game from Kobe to come from behind against a sub 500 team that is shorthanded.
Le Brick::Kobe must've had food poisoning for this game.... cuz he took a BIG FAT DUMP on Portland!
KrayzieBone22::Just another day we here MVP chants for Kobe Bryant while on the ROAD!
OregonLou::Lilard scores 38 on Kobe and all ESPN can talk about is Kobe scoring 47 on a 4 rookie lineup.  Wow !
dbird566001::Kurt Rambis said the same thing this morning on Mike &amp; MIke
smitty_99::Drink a lot of that bitter beer up there in Oregon, Lou?  Hahahahahahaha
KOBE and TUPAC aka the GNOAT::Anyone who belittles Miami's championship due to the shortened season is stupid. Every team had the same advantage of the shortened season, so that argument doesn't fly. However, I get irritated when people say that run in the playoffs was all Lebron. That's $@%!$@%!. He had a couple of spectacular games. Game 5 or 6 against Boston comes to mind and one in the Finals. Lebron's TEAM is one of the best defensive teams, as shown with their ability to contain other teams when Lebron, Wade and Bosh have sat out games. Shane Battier, Mike Miller, and Mario Chalmers had huge games in the Finals. So it's sickening when people say it was a singular effort by Lebron. Many people have that same notion with Jordan. Yet when it comes to Kobe, it's all about the other players; The Pau's, the Horry's, the Fisher's, etc. Truly disgusting stuff.
mclev80::I think people say that about kobe b/c they know he's sensitive and it makes him angry if he doesn't receive 100% of the credit for his team's success. Guys like mj and lebron actually enjoy seeing their team mates get credit. Just my opinion.
KOBE and TUPAC aka the GNOAT::Umm... that is a load of crap! Lebron's personality is completely different than Jordan or Kobe. Lebron is friendly with just about anyone. Jordan was much different as he threw teammates under the bus while he was playing and well after he retired. And obviously you haven't seen Kobe much because if you did you'd see the pure joy he shows when teammates put in the effort and do well. Kobe's even showed a lot of love, at times, for a piece of crap like Smush Parker. If a player brings it his all, Kobe will shower them with as much appreciation as any player can show.
gaingreen818::Lakers are gonna be in the playoffs, during the clippers game last weekend there was that playoff commercial with kobe and dwight in it. also the black guy during the halftime said the lakers were gonna be in the playoffs and magic looked at him like you fuced up
gaingreen818::Lakers are gonna be in the playoffs, during the clippers game last weekend there was that playoff commercial with kobe and dwight in it. also the black guy during the halftime said the lakers were gonna be in the playoffs and magic looked at him like you fuced up
gaingreen818::Lakers are gonna be in the playoffs, during the clippers game last weekend there was that playoff commercial with kobe and dwight in it. also the black guy during the halftime said the lakers were gonna be in the playoffs and magic looked at him like you fuced up
gaingreen818::Lakers are gonna be in the playoffs, during the clippers game last weekend there was that playoff commercial with kobe and dwight in it. also the black guy during the halftime said the lakers were gonna be in the playoffs and magic looked at him like you fuced up
gaingreen818::Lakers are gonna be in the playoffs, during the clippers game last weekend there was that playoff commercial with kobe and dwight in it. also the black guy during the halftime said the lakers were gonna be in the playoffs and magic looked at him like you fuced up
gaingreen818::Lakers are gonna be in the playoffs, during the clippers game last weekend there was that playoff commercial with kobe and dwight in it. also the black guy during the halftime said the lakers were gonna be in the playoffs and magic looked at him like you fuced up
gaingreen818::Lakers are gonna be in the playoffs, during the clippers game last weekend there was that playoff commercial with kobe and dwight in it. also the black guy during the halftime said the lakers were gonna be in the playoffs and magic looked at him like you fuced up
gaingreen818::Lakers are gonna be in the playoffs, during the clippers game last weekend there was that playoff commercial with kobe and dwight in it. also the black guy during the halftime said the lakers were gonna be in the playoffs and magic looked at him like you fuced up.
I have popcorn in my ears::Which team are you all going to root for if the Lakers don't make the playoffs?  I say Utah.
hateondis::Since I'm over 30. I would say no one. Where is all the Cavaliers fan's ? It was so many of them 4 years ago
KOBE and TUPAC aka the GNOAT::Nobody.
smitty_99::Ditto.
I have popcorn in my ears::I hate Miami too - but I may hate the Knicks more.
Pau for 3::If the Lakers wasn't it, a dream finals would be something like Denver vs Indiana, 2 small market teams that are deep but don't have a Superstar
Pau for 3::If for some reason LA doesn't make it, I say anyone but Miami, I could live with OKC winning I like Durant + they have Fish.
Dr Jerry Buss::I wouldn't be able to stand the thought of Fish having more rings thaN Kobe
Lil_Al_D::If Stern was the reason the Lakers are winning or have a chance to go to the playoffs...and he wanted the lakers to win it all... then explain the whole CP3 deal???
hateondis::Stern has always hated the Lakers
Lil_Al_D::we shall see
Lil_Al_D::Nash is a shell of his old self
ranfan12::Lol, what do you expect of a 39 year old guard.
I have popcorn in my ears::The Lakers are a shell of their old selves.
Jumeax::Kobe and CP3 on the same team???  Seriously?!?!?!  Like Kobe has ever, or will ever be able to share the ball with a point guard  look has what happened with Nash,  Kobe: "What a HOF point guard? No mine mine mine mine! I Am point Guard now Loook i can assist now... when i want to"
Lil_Al_D::you dont even believe that!
I have popcorn in my ears::He thought they'd be good enough with Howard.  He was wrong, wrong, wrong.
KOBE and TUPAC aka the GNOAT::CP3 deal was nixed about 8 months before Howard came here. You fail.
Lil_Al_D::i agree.. they are efffin stupid
Pau for 3::Yeah they get comical here on ESPN :), Ive learned to live with it and just jab at them at times. Wait until the Playoffs it will be pretty cute with crazy Posts
Pau for 3::The Haters cant and wont because that would defeat their purpose haha
gaingreen818::Kobe beast bryant.
Jumeax::"I dont normally shoot 51% from the field....  But When I Do,  it's when my team is shooitng 59%"  Kobe (Jelly-BellowAverage) Bryant
ranfan12::I don't normally click lakers articles, but when I do, it's to hate and troll  LOL
e_freedman::hahahaha. what an IDIOT
Jumeax::"We dont normally notice the other players on the Lakers  But when we do, its only to critcicise them and blame them for everything whenever the lakers lose"  Kobetards
I edit my comments if people call me names::So, let me get this sraight.  Kobe has to play 48 minutes to beat a pathetic Portland team, yet the rest of the west should be nervous about them in the playoffs???
ranfan12::He played it because he wanted to. If there was better defense, there would be less points for the blazers, thus leading to a better lead for lakers, thus more resting time for kobe
I suffer from aci indigestion::Lakers ARE a joke!
beverly.pouget::What a joke
Eatin Turnips::If you are a Laker fan, the above is your truth - as ridiculous as it may be...
DrewsBowlingBall::clown comment. next.
Trolls say the same thing::Anyone know when Nashty is coming back?
espn straight flexin::Kobe Bryant is 34 years old and averages 27.3ppg, 6.0apg, and 5.6rpg and shooting a decent 46% from the field.  If u cant respect that, u need to stop watching basketball
miguelmullet::Um top 3 easy.
Pau for 3::Haters are stupid, he is a Top 10 player ever.
Trolls say the same thing::Lebron @ 34 - "you want fries with that"
espn straight flexin::LMAOOOOOOO
espn straight flexin::LeBron is on a team designed specifically to cater to him collecting stats and getting open shots. PLUS LeBron has an amazing bench and actual clutch players behind him so that he doesn't have to face tough crunch time situations. Kobe carries the load. And actually WANTS the ball in crunch time. Just my opinion.
tgipson5::I can name 10 players that could take lebrons spot on the heat and win the championship every year.
Pau for 3::Durant definitely could playing with Wade haha
Trolls say the same thing::Not opinion its Fact
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::you seem to be confused on the definitions of fact and opinion, there are many free dictionaries online.
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::Kobe "can I $@% on your face" Bryant is the 5th best Laker of all time. LOL!!! 1. Kareem 2. Majic 3. Shaq 4. Wilt 5. Kobe LMFAO @ KB24 the GOAT
Zack N Rick::And you have achieved what, Yadi?
magic1jordan2::wheres The Logo?
Man in L.A who thinks Kobe is the GOAT so hate on shils::Logo is a legend but lets be real put the mamba in logos era it be a whole diff story
Trolls say the same thing::Kobe is the greatest Laker  - Magic Johnson
KOBE and TUPAC aka the GNOAT::Do you understand the meaning of fact you moron? That's your opinion, not a fact...
Pau for 3::Wilt played with the Lakers for only 5 years, sorry, I do think Magic is the best but Kobe is 2nd. Kareem also played for the Bucks for 7 season's for a lot of his dominating years
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::Fact VS Magic's opinion, you do understand the difference don't you?
Trolls say the same thing::Kobe is the best in my generation  - D.Wade (Lebron's teammate)
Trolls say the same thing::Tim Duncan is and old washed up hag   Duncan &gt;&gt; Lebron
Lil_Al_D::Smells like R kellys sheets Horry 7 &gt; Kobe 5  Was horry the focal point on any of those teams?
tgipson5::the red mamba(bonner) shoots 40 percent from 3, LeBron shoots low 30's. Bonner&gt; Lebrick
Pau for 3::FG% is overrated, why do people dwell on it? If a player goes 10-20 he's 50%, 9-20 45% not much difference points wise and Kobe shoots 84% from the line all-time
magic1jordan2::basically if you can shoot around 45% youre good, unless youre a center or forward perhaps because you should have more easy baskets
dcdrumsinc::Kobe shoots 45.5% for his career. Reggie miller shoots 47% for his career.  Kobe= overrated
magic1jordan2::1.5% wow, thats pretty decisive, foolish
Smells like R kellys sheets::Horry 7 &gt; Kobe 5
Trolls say the same thing::Kobe 5 Reggie 0
2013 C63AMG::funny thing is Lakers have to beat the spurs to get in..their prize for beating the spurs is the playoffs but against OKC
Man in L.A who thinks Kobe is the GOAT so hate on shils::Lakers 1st ever 8th seed to win a NBA championship!   YA HERD IT HERE 1st FOLKS ,COPY PASTE IT and put this on WORLD STAR HIP HOP !
ranfan12::Well it's not like he hasn't proven that he can be an efficient player lol
dcdrumsinc::u also listen to lil wayne and think Kobe is an efficient player
2013 C63AMG::can the lakers beat all 3 playoffs teams at home?
ranfan12::The better question is can the lakers play better defense? I don't think stern has control over that, or he would've been the reason for kobe making all his freethrows and shooting over 50% against the trailblazers
Solo3489::Of course!  -David Stern
Trolls say the same thing::Lebron the only player in NBA history to get excited about a half season ring LMAO
dcdrumsinc::Have some respect for tim duncan...i wud expect nothing less from laker fan tho i guess
2013 C63AMG::comment makes no sense since they played same amount of playoff games
magic1jordan2::Some seasons are busts, beyond repair.  Get it in while you can haters because LA doesnt have many seasons like this one.
Pau for 3::I still think we can do something here, this season isn't over yet
Trolls say the same thing::Kobe Bryant 5 Championships  Miami Heat Franchise 1.5 Championships
dcdrumsinc::Boston Celtics 17 championships Los Angeles Lakers 11  Head to head...11-3
Pau for 3::9-3 actually and the Celtics won 8 Titles when a team only had to win 2 series that's why bringing up anything prior to 1980 is silly, back when the Celtics won in the 60's there wasn't any 7'0 footers either except Wilt
Smells like R kellys sheets::Such a dumb thing to say. They still had to play the same amount of playoff games.. So I guess Tim Duncan has 3.5 rings as well?  You know if the Lakers won last season you wouldn't say Kobe has 5.5 idiot
Pau for 3::Even if you take away the 3 with Shaq it is still a solid 2 to 1.5 :)
Scal_Your_Pal_AKA_rEDmAmBa::Paul Gasol the true GOAT................Scape GOAT that is if the Lakers miss the playoffs.
dcdrumsinc::Because supposed GOAT like Kobe should never be faulted for not being able to get his team to the 8th seed... God forbid...
Pau for 3::I think MDA will get blamed if the Lakers miss the Playoffs this year
indaview::Even in a down season Lakers are still the talk of the town.  Just ask all the LakerHaters who cant stay off of the these boards
smithy639::Tiger woods 2 under.......rory 2 under phil loserson 2 over and defending champ bubba 3 over!!! LMFAO!!!!
dr mantis tobogan::golf is for gays
smithy639::yeah your DAD plays every day!!!
Smells like R kellys sheets::You must love it then
dcdrumsinc::I have a $@%!$@%! Laker fan who said he won't watch the NBA anymore (even tho this year is the best and most competitive season in NBA since the mid 90s) because his team sucks and the nba is now soft.  hahaha. laker fans are idiots
ranfan12::Seems like there are idiot fans for every team and sport franchise.
Pau for 3::I love this season, very entertaining as the Regular Season actually matters for a change
alequito305::laker fans still trolling the heat about losing to dallas in the finals when your team is fighting for the last spot in the playoffs with three all stars. pathetic season bro.
tgipson5::Im sorry can you name the three all stars they had this year??
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::Give Luke Walton 20 free throws a game and eventually he will score 47 points. Pathetic anyone would ever mention MVP and the brick mamba in the same sentence.
e_freedman::its so depressing that people post things like this. what kobe did last night (and what he's doing at 34 years old) is the most impressive thing in the league this year. idiots.
3stacks7.0::20 free throws a game?? that has to be some kind of record!!
DrewsBowlingBall::how bout them wildcats ?!?!?
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::I don't care, I am not a but hurt fan because my team doesn't win it all every year.  UK will be back next year and certainly the year after.
Man in L.A who thinks Kobe is the GOAT so hate on shils::what will the haters say if Kobe wills this old team into a championship tittle ???
indaview::They would claim conspiracy
dcdrumsinc::do you think it's going to happen?
dcdrumsinc::he won with 3 all stars. not shocking
dcdrumsinc::Pau for 3 - Yeah but everyone was saying we had no chance at the Playoffs when 17-25  yeah but everyone was saying they were going to the nba finals before the season. so they arent some cinderella team. they are winning...which they should have been doing.
Pau for 3::Yeah but everyone was saying we had no chance at the Playoffs when 17-25
indaview::One fact about Laker fans:  THERE ARE IN EVERY ARENA.
beverly.pouget::No laker fans are not in every arena. Not everything is about the lakers
Zack N Rick::get a room you two
indaview::why it's your native tongue
dr mantis tobogan::translation: biggest bandwagon belongs to the Lakers
dr mantis tobogan::sorry dude, i'll have to learn to speak moron
indaview::If that is your translation then you definitely don't speak the language
dcdrumsinc::Why are we all arguing here? 8th seed or not, the Laker team barring anything short of going to the finals is the biggest bust in NBA history. end of discussion
3stacks7.0::what does going to the Finals mean, if you don't win it??
Solo3489::We love U, Kobe!!  -Joey Crawford, David Stern
Pau for 3::Still don't understand the Joey Crawford Posts on here because we lose when he REFS
3stacks7.0::Its like how they say Pau is a soft, Euro-looking llama...until they need him to be great in order to attempt to make Kobe look bad
3stacks7.0::except for he whole CP3 thing...
nooner411::I don't know why everyone is amazed that kobe had a big night in portland and that the lakers (barely) won.  Portland started basically 4 rookies (yes i know 3 rookies and one second year euro), and have no bench.  Not one mention of Lilards 38 points and 9 assists, at least not on espn.
tgipson5::turn on the subtitles bro
tgipson5::are u deaf??
dr mantis tobogan::the blazers have been tanking for the lottery for about a month now.
Pau for 3::That was nice I give credit there, that kid is tough!
Pau for 3::So they can choose Sam Bowie over Jordan or Greg Oden over Durant, what's next??
dr mantis tobogan::that Lillard pick sure is looking shi.tty
dcdrumsinc::Laker fans are the smartest fans in the world...chanting MVP for a guy leading his team of 3 all stars to an 8th seed. Laker fans are just underground Kobe fans
e_freedman::haha 3 all-starts?! pau gasol was out for 6 weeks, dwight is a crybaby with a bum back... i WISH lebron played with dwight. two biggest mental midgets/b****** in the league.
3stacks7.0::except for the ones that have been around since the 70's...
DrewsBowlingBall::your life must be miserable.
indaview::"It didn't matter that it was the Rose Garden...the MVP chants for Kobe Bryant  were loud and clear"
NINERS GETN 6::Sure LA can beat up on the pathetic Hornets and Blazers but they suck against the west playoff teams.  How will that change come playoff time.  Answer.  It won't change.  LA gets swept again.
indaview::u sound hurt
Solo3489::Yo, Colby Brian da GOAT, yo!!  Who's Will Chamberland and Cream ActFool Jabber anyways, yo?!?  -Faker Fans
Man in L.A who thinks Kobe is the GOAT so hate on shils::troll
Man in L.A who thinks Kobe is the GOAT so hate on shils::do you know what troll in spanish is???  answer : A pendejo
Pau for 3::Damn, I wish he would just talk English like the other Trolls do LOL
Man in L.A who thinks Kobe is the GOAT so hate on shils::as a kid growing up I used to say M.Jordan was garbo and Stern helped him win rings (YES I WAS BEING A HATER).But as a young man in the 2000' when Jordan came back I realize how naive I was and how stupid I was to not sit ,eat popcorn and enjoy what M.J did for the game ,I regret it.  Now the same can be said about Kobe only this time I am sitting and enjoying the last bit of greatness that is or was the NBA after Kobe is done there will be none ever to play the game like MJ/Kobe so stop hating and grab you popcorn !
dcdrumsinc::your username? hahahahah
dcdrumsinc::u a truly a laker fan. mad cuz ur team sucked in the 90s so you had to hate on MJ, yet you think kobe is greater than him. Only laker fans...hahah
Man in L.A who thinks Kobe is the GOAT so hate on shils::I never said Kobe was greater than MJ all I did was compare them the same
Solo3489::Yo, Colby Brian da TRUF, yo!!!  6/19 CLUTCH!!  -Faker Fans
dcdrumsinc::Attention all Laker and Kobe fans...Kobe is doing what the greatest player of all time should be doing...willing the Lakers to an 8th seed with 3 other all stars
dcdrumsinc::Cute and true...and sad. Unfortunately Laker fans will always be in denial
Pau for 3::Cute
NINERS GETN 6::8th seed.  HAHAHAHAHAHA.
Trolls say the same thing::Kobe the 5 time NBA Champ  Lebron the half ring choker
Smells like R kellys sheets::at least you're staying true to your name a.sshat
alequito305::if the lakers won last year you would be singing a different tune, kobe 6 not 5 1/2.
