JohnSHwang::This is the catch-22 with Melo (or any high-scoring, high-volume shooter) and the other Knicks (mediorcre/highly erratic shooters):  Melo needs a lot of touches to get his points. I don't mean he jacks up shots every possession, but he needs to at least touch the ball to see his scoring options.  The other Knicks need reps to get their shots to fall. They were extremely hot at the beginning of the season, but career numbers indicate that none of them are "good" shooters.  So the problem with one ball is there are not goign to be enough touches for everyone to get comfortable.  Telling guys like JR or Felton or Kidd to shoot less is all well and good, but that will not make them efficient shooters. It just makes it harder for them to find their rhythm. And Novak, wh I liked, is absolutely useless even with light coverage, He needs to learn at least one fake out move.  I would like to see Chandler featured more on offense. Not saying he's a good scorer, but he gets the easiest shots on p&amp;r's and is competent to finish at the rim. Everyone else is taking harder contested shots and if they don't hit, it makes the floor spacing terrible.  They could really use at least one consistent shooter.
whatsdoing::love having Chandler but I would really rather have the amnesty hammer right now.
tbest23::Now that the Jazz have been bent over a desk on the road, watch 'em win 5 straight @ home lol...
knicks_112ndcoming::ook saying melo is horrible with this team is very depressing  1. we played with the jazz 2. when melo plays and he kicks it out, no one makes their shots
whatsdoing::its not depressing... it is just plain stupid.  the jazz are currently 3-7 in their last 10, not exactly "world-beaters" there.
inputpsol::Trade Melo!  -Many Knicks fans-    Don't trade Melo!  -The rest of the league-
OmniVersal::No the only people that say trade Melo are the trolls. Nice try though.
convolutedthought::knicks play better without melo....weird haha
fokman::Actually they are 5-5 without him this year... SO not better not worse
Bmoresportfan52::Novak woke up from his 3 point slumber.
inputpsol::Not weird at all..
whatsdoing::i got to say that I loved donnie walsh here and all but many of walsh's moves have ended up being bad for the Knicks.... Amare Stoudamire #1 and d'antoni #2.  I understand WHY he did it.... due to the biggest and ongoing problem with the Knicks.... ownership.  but facts are facts.
whatsdoing::also take a look at all the guys walsh got rid of that ended up doing well for other teams.... david lee, jamal crawford, zach randolph, nate robinson.  I wont include gallinari and chandler cause he didn't want to do the Melo deal in the first place....  .....but damn, guy couldn't find a place for corey brewer and finagle a way to snag kosta kufkos since denver insisted upon timofey mosgoz??
Ivanov21::Go on , Lakers fans, go nuts about all the close Ws your team is grinding out against mediocre teams. It's really impressive and sure puts a lot of fear into top teams... Can't wait for the playoffs !
Little Brett Favre 5.7::The Jazz suck more dick than Paris Hilton
Bob15478::Since its clear that the Knicks keys to victory are:  (1) Ball movement on Offense  (2) Committed defense and rebounding  Why are Melo and Amare important again?
whatsdoing::bingo....  amazing thtat dummies are lumping Stat with Melo as if Melo wasn't the second leading scorer (reasons that have more to do with Melo's teammates than Melo).  .........AND they won a couple games against teams in the tank right bout now.
whatsdoing::i have to discount pablum dripping out of the mouth of an obvious non-Knick fan.  to think that the Knicks are "better" without either Melo or Amare is lunacy.  so instead of Melo you would rather put your trust in JR Smith?
inputpsol::Trust me.. With Melo in it wouldn't prove to be a tank game...
8988james::because in the last 1 1/2 seasons, the knicks are 74-52...remind me where they were before melo came to NY  or, you can just look at these win totals from the last 7 seasons:  39 33 23 33 23 32 29  any other questions?
Topher78110::God dammit Jazz!
LALakersboy24.7::LMAO!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! DONT WORRY DUDE IT AINT LIKE YOU WERE GOING ANYWHERE ANYWAYS, BESIDES LAKERS MATCH UP BETTER WITH THE TOP 5 TEAMS IN THE CONFRENCE!
Ivanov21::Wow that's so impressive! LA sure has been playing well all season, LA Champs 2013!
cnat723::I hate Woodson's starting lineups. If Melo (a scorer) is out of the lineup, then he should be replaced by another scorer. I understand if he likes JR in 6th man role, but why not start Cope? The starting have consists of Shump, White, and Chandler...three guys considered better defenders than scorers. That's enough defensive minded guys in the starting 5. There is no reason to start another in Kurt Thomas over a guy like Copeland. Copeland can spread the floor better than Thomas and is decent at working the low block. If Cope's not good on offense and terrible on the defense, then you could give the quick hook for Martin. That's what happens when White isn't playing well, JR comes in earlier. I just don't understand. Woodson pays so much attention to defense, but the object is to score the most points. It's great if you can hold the opposing team to low 20s to start off the game, but if you only score 4 points more then that defense doesn't really mean much, does it?
slick0816::The Laker ascension has begun as prophesied by Lord Kobe. So let it be declared!
RUserious-2::Knicks won against the worst defense that I've seen all season in the NBA.  I don't know what happened to the Jazz but they're in a free fall.  Their defense was so bad that I had to turn the game off.  Knicks I hope you're ready for some real games when you make that trip out West next week.  Savour this victory.
OmniVersal::A Mavs fan is going to talk about another team's free fall? LMAO
LifeInInfrared::Okay.
LakersAtSonics1995::Dem LAKAHS movin on up, yo!!!
Revoleurt::Step away from the crack pipe!!
RUserious-2::David Stern would die ten times before he would let the Lakers not make the playoffs.  Any game that they're within 10 points in the last 5 minutes the refs are guaranteed to make sure the Lakers win.
LALakersboy24.7::Yo for real kid were we be at son!
JimineyCricket69er::oh wrong forum......AHAH FU.uucc..kCK...INNNGG nerds..
Dino__Spumoni::D'Antoni  ahahah
NBASPORTSFAN101::HOU, UTAH, and GSW Lost today. wow Lakers could go up wwith a win tomarrow
JimineyCricket69er::PEACE OUT   IM DONE OWNIN YOU SCRUBS TONIGHT  LAKESHOW 6 TH COMIN SOON  SUUWOOO
melendezvm::Houston loss and Warriors going down right now. Good night for Lakers fans.
melendezvm::nosedive
Bukalu18::and the Lakers are back
Revoleurt::Once the playoffs start everybody goes back to 0 - 0
CameronTrpT::A Toronto team that has done a whole lot better since acquiring Rudy Gay mind you..
SpudsMcDougal::They barely beat a bad Toronto team last night. Keep dreaming
Snarles Barkely::I think he merely meant "into the playoffs." They still can't handle a spurs/heat/okc and probably not a Memphis or Denver right now.  Being the 6/7 best team in the west makes the lakers a top 10 team though...which is kinda weird to think about...
j_blaze1::Copeland deserves minutes...
cmoussi::Thanks Utah!  - Lakers
joshuahansen1::Still ... even as a Jazz fan, the Lakers are making the playoffs over them. We should've done something at the deadline.
jayeteee::Utah has the tiebreaker over the Lakeshow H2H.
jayeteee::I like KMart, glad to see he's playing good and staying healthy.
jmbean86::go to bed jayeteee...
jmbean86::No lakers or miami game tonight.. Where are all of the smash mouth fanboys hiding tonight?
Kermit_Da_Toad::Probably at your moms house. Just bang bro
marc marc24::lakers are back baby....eighth seed! ha!
Donnie Walsh::More ball movement, better offensive spacing &amp; movement off the ball = Win !!
Big Ern is finally above the law::No doubt Utah got MUNSONED. No Starters in double digits, pathetic.
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::knicks would be the 6th seed if they played in the west west lmao. Other than the heat the east is a joke like always.
Thetimpanikid16::haven't the Knicks beaten the Spurs twice (one was a blowout), the nuggets, the warriors the lakers... competed against the Clippers and Thunder. The only team really was Houston that they struggled with.
ktan88::Wow the "almighty" Thunder almost lost to a supposed 6th seed in the West. You are nothing but a troll
Terry 1953::Hey Utah, your team sucks.
NYeltigre::Rebuilding since Stockton retired? Ever heard of d will and boozer years when they went to wcf?
King of the Echo People::It's called "rebuilding". When the Jazz are rebuilding they still have shots at the playoffs. They made it in last year.
Snarles Barkely::They've  been rebuilding since Stockton retired... but I still agree...especially when you consider the type of state (Utah) they come from they do very well for themselves.  It's just hard to keep great players around.    They were lucky stockton/Malone were such class acts really.
dot nose fish tail lamb boy::wtf are we in mexico?  whats all this neuva york and el heat crap?
Boneshank::Corbin needs to go.  Jefferson &amp; Williams can carry his bags.
BoomersRio2016::Are we 8th now,  even though the Jazz are 32-31 as well? I can't remember who won the season matchup?
Revoleurt::Exactly, its doesn't matter if they took the series 3 - 0.     If Utah has a worse record after 82 then they are out!
cheywoodb::Jazz won the season series 2-1, but since they are circling the drain, it doesn't really matter does it? Jazz are headed to land of the ping pong balls (again).
Snarles Barkely::I'd rather Utah have a chance to grab a player like shabazz w/ some luck than slog into a horrible 1st round beating.
jokkiii::theyll get at least the 8th seed...they have the 9th easiest schedule..the jazz have the 6th hardest...haha
BoomersRio2016::Yeah true, i was just wondering if we had already passed them for 8th.
jokkiii::i agree especially since they play the grizzlies, knicks thunder, rockets, spurs and pistons in their next six haha
Chin6biz::Jazz won season matchup 3-1
jokkiii::jk both wrong jazz won 2-1
jokkiii::no they didnt lol its tied at 1-1  the lakers have a worse conference record thats why they arent 8th but they will be tmrw after we beat the bulls
BoomersRio2016::Wow Really? Can you list the scores? All i know is that we won the last time we played them.
Miami Heat are beast::Eminem is the best rapper alive  like if you agree
marc marc24::mac miller!
j_blaze1::Why... Tone quality, voice, how he laces a track, timing, flow, soul &amp; feeling, cool factor, style... I don't see it... Verbal gymnastics, yes... best, no way
marc marc24::mac miller is killing it right now...ik a lot of you think he sucks but i think he's gaf.
daPANDA78::Recovery is the most overrated album of all time, all creativity and awesomeness stopped after encore
jokkiii::$@%!$ the heat but yes eminem is the greatest
Amares Knees::one like hahahaha
Miami Heat are beast::yeah just as many as you have
Victor63494::all his albulms are great
Miami Heat are beast::hey what ever helps you sleep at night.
OmniVersal::Eminem's first 3 albums were good after that he was garbage
oblique15::not an Eminem fan, but made by man? ever heard soulja boy anything? lol he wins at sucking every time!!!
OmniVersal::It's a fact. Relapse and Recovery may be some of the worst albums made by man.
Miami Heat are beast::hey if thats how you feel thats how you feel
nevershoutn3ver::no
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::Look up  Mr. Shadow - Till I Die. Better rapper than Em in my opinion (although Em is good).
Jrogan2024::the new lakers motto after the jazz loss is (started from the bottom now we here
Revoleurt::But they here!
Lakers_R_A_Joke::actually they are still at the bottom
scape228::Amare, Anthony and Chandler made the Knicks dangerous in the playoffs. More dangerous than Indiana. The Pacers might beat my Heat on Sunday I wouldn't be surprised. But that's only cause the Heat need to change they're style to play the Pacers which they won't do in the regular season but come playoff time... Pacer fans your time will be up. I guarantee it. You're not that good.
Miami Heat are beast::alright alright you may have a point there we will find out tomorrow
Miami Heat are beast::i know the experts can be annoying but think about it the pacers are really a threat to the heat  that inside presence can really hurt the heat. Us heat fans cant over look the Pacers at all
scape228::and the heat can stop West but they'll do it in the playoffs because that's when they'll get physical. I know what I saw last year. We beat them without Bosh. This year we have Bosh, Anderson, healthier Haslem, and Anthony if need be. he will be stopped.
scape228::They're a tough out but not a threat. Hibbert like Lopez is slow and the heat don't have any problems with those players. The Chandlers, Deandre Jordans, are a bigger threat to the Heat. Once you stop West then it's George and Granger (maybe) against Wade and LeBron.
Miami Heat are beast::us heat fans cant get to cocky
Revoleurt::Can't get too cocky?!  WTF,  that train left the station a long time ago..  Just count your blessings that you play in the East!
marc marc24::scape no one is a threat in the east to the miami heat.....the first and second seed are separated by 9 games.
scape228::I'm not a cocky heat fan. I believe there are threats to the Heat in the east I just don't think the Pacers are it. and it bothers me that all these so called experts say so.
OmniVersal::I don't care who you are but can we all agree that DWade has the lamest nickname
smokinstogies305::Flash isn't lame. WOW is a marketing ploy that is making him big bucks in Asia.
OmniVersal::Not referring to Flash. Was talking about WOW and that's more than a marketing ploy he actually thinks it's a good nickname.
JustinBrownsCavsBuckeyes::I'm a Cavs fan trolling the Jazz fans. I just want the Lakers to win and get the 8th seed so the Cavs can take the Lakers 1st round pick. Cavs get their pick if it's pick 15 or up. Suns get the Lakers pick if it's a lottery pick. Go Lakers! lol
Bamm7272::nice!
JustinBrownsCavsBuckeyes::You know your team is sad when Cavs fans are trolling you lol
watchthis3414::Utah is practically giving LA a playoff spot
Jrogan2024::with rockets loss and lakers win tommorow they will be one game from 7th seed
RUserious-2::I think that's called 8th seed.
JustinBrownsCavsBuckeyes::lol
JustinBrownsCavsBuckeyes::Don't worry Utah, the Lakers will gladly take the 8th spot you clearly don't want. lol
Chin6biz::And a lottery pick.
jdenquist::You can have it.  Hopefully it will lead to a coaching change.
jdenquist::Although Utah doesn't have a star, they have a decent team.  In particular, they shouldn't be 10-23 on the road.  I think it's time for a new coach.
JustinBrownsCavsBuckeyes::Top Performer: Utah: E. Kanter 11 Pts, 7 Reb, 2 Ast
Miami Heat are beast::knicks can probably make it out of the first round of the play offs and that's it  3-point shooting wont get you far and also there defense is on and off and that does not help at all
OmniVersal::Thank goodness they can score in other ways.
Grapenuts580::Lakers are NOT the 8th seed yet
Revoleurt::blah, blah, blah...
RUserious-2::Stern will see to that.
scape228::they will be. Utah doesn't want it
LebronownsPierce::Lakers are 1-10 vs the West's top 4 seeds.  Why are their fans excited about making the playoffs lol They are going to be humiliated for all the world to see!
Revoleurt::Oh, yeah the same year they beat the Heat in the finals!
RUserious-2::Another sweep in the playoffs this year, like the Mavs did in 2011.
nhouchin::When your team has Kobe, Howard, Nash and Gasol anything can happen.
Jrogan2024::they will not get humilated
OmniVersal::Aren't the Heat paired up to face the Bucks in the playoffs? You know that team that they haven't beaten in a long time
oblique15::Like that would matter in the playoffs, them scrub Bucks would find a way to get the broom
OmniVersal::No you haven't. In 2012 yes but not 2013 LOL
LebronownsPierce::We have beaten the Bucks this year fool
Jrogan2024::becuase they have the difference maker.... kobe
NYChe21::I'm a Nets fan who comes to read Knicks boards only to see the useless things that Heat trolls post.  Solely to do that.
OmniVersal::It gets boring after awhile. If they're going to troll the Knicks could they at least be original
NYChe21::I swear some of them have at least 3 profiles.
Jrogan2024::lakers are 8 seed all that matters here
LebronownsPierce::not yet.  Utah holds the tiebreaker
Jrogan2024::the lakers will win tommorow to break it
espn.comment.section.is.toxic::Victor63494 Member Since: March 9, 2013   Fav teams include the Cincinatti Reds, NY Knicks, University of Kentucky, Ohio State, and the Cincinatti Bengals. As you can see I also do a lot of crack.
Victor63494::0 likes
Elorm17::The Knicks loses their two stars --- Win by 29  If Miami loess their two stars -- They'll can get blowout by the Bobcats
RUserious-2::The Knicks beat the worst performing team in the last month in the West.  So that's nothing to brag about.  The Jazz have lost their last 7 games.  So no one gets to brag about beating them.
Bamm7272::Millsaps didnt play either
OmniVersal::Losing LeBron alone would doom them.
Elorm17::PRAY you don't lose Lebron. SON
scape228::yes the Knicks are deeper. And?
