bigman452::It's time for the Rockets to make a move for a low post threat because they are getting absolutely destroyed in the paint.  Going to have to bite the bullet and include Lowry with Scola to get Gasol.
Heiroglyphic::The Nuggets are gonna be a legitimately scary bottom seed come playoff time if they're healthy. With Gallo and Nene back, that gives us 2 starters that we can play our offense through on almost every possession. Nene in the post and Gallo off the dribble.  I just hope that Karl gives the Manimal at least 15-20 min of playing time once they come back, because the guy is a monster.
Broncman17::BTW---Memo to Martin and the Rockets. There is no honor in flopping. you only look like fools....
Broncman17::The Manimal is a beast!! Go Nuggs!!!
mkarger::The refs were the worst Ive seen all season.  McHale has taught em to flop. K Martin gets gifted for whiffs. Nuggets taught em a lesson.  Faried is a beast.
paul2285::Faried should just be called BEAST, not manimal This guy's for real!!
DUIofMiguelCabrera::Does anybody speak Russian?  I want to know what Mozgov was saying when he was going off on the camera guy.
paul2285::I must break you
bmosheman::"The import tariff on these sneakers was eggregious.  The idea that protectionist trade policy leads to domestic economic stabilization is a fallacy!.  $@%!, why does my ankle hurt?"
DAnnyPrImetIme15::MANIMAL!
oguhmas::Someone gave it to him in high school
DUIofMiguelCabrera::Good player, but you should not be able to give yourself a nickname, especially something ridiculous like Manimal.
DannyMejia15MVP::are you my twin or something?
ChiTownSwag1991::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3cUl4iO5d0  what was dragic doing?
DenverDiehard35::D rose is a boss. I have the luxury of going to school in illinois and watching all his games
Boise State is a joke::Well i am too drunk and Faried is too good,,,,,,,,,,,,,suck it, yeah buddy
cubuffsrule21::think the nuggets will overcome their injuries??
cubuffsrule21::hey slurmsoday, is that pic of ur wife????
Slurm Soda::no
cubuffsrule21::CU BUFFS&gt; NUGGETS
npersonett::CSU will be dancing while the buffs sit at home
UteHawkeyeBronco2212::Birdman is such a hero!
cubuffsrule21::ur moms hero
cubuffsrule21::denverdiehard35= sucking nene's cornhole
cubuffsrule21::HEAT&gt;U
DenverDiehard35::that was so creative
cubuffsrule21::nuggets can't even be overrated now since they are the 8th seed hahahaha
DannyMejia15MVP::who said we were ever overrated, fucking idiot
cubuffsrule21::heat&gt;nuggets FACT
Brando Tolberto::No u werent.
I have popcorn in my ears::The same HEAT team that lost to the JAZZ???  Muahahahahahahahahahha
cubuffsrule21::i was at that game- refs called it
DenverDiehard35::we beat u guys by like 15 shut up
CroatianSensation500::hahaa you wish buddy
Brando Tolberto::wow what a testosterone filled cat fight. Nuggs beat the heat convincingly. Miami fans can talk all they wanna.
DenverDiehard35::nah im out in chicago not denver
cubuffsrule21::csu?
DenverDiehard35::no def not lol i dont even think they making the tourney
cubuffsrule21::ya ok... u play for DU??
DenverDiehard35::lol washed up? nah... im a college bball player aint yet hit my prime!!! in fact, depending where u r in the country u could prolly see me play soon on tv in a lil thing i like to call march madnessss!
cubuffsrule21::HA! thx for ur internet dating profile...not interested. u act like some washed up athlete or something
DenverDiehard35::if u ever come to denver or the chi hit me up. i aint afraid. im 6'6 220 id knock u silly so bad youd be asking to be my girlfriend
Slurm Soda::lol
cubuffsrule21::id fight u if i could u pusssssy
DenverDiehard35::poser?! wow tough guy over here
cubuffsrule21::wait until next game. poser. lebron will dominate
Slurm Soda::Koufos is better than Mozgov
broncosroxnuggs::i agree
TY LAWSON 3::where were you??
Slurm Soda::I wasn't home and I'm watching the replay right now
Avondaler::So is Wilson Chandler ever coming back or what?
broncosroxnuggs::no he lives on a gay beach
DUIofMiguelCabrera::Nugs will still have Chandlers rights even if he signs in Europe.  I don't know how much time he'll spend in a Nuggets uniform, but they'll get something for him.
Avondaler::Yea I agree, we need to trade Birdman and I hope Chandler signs but if not he needs to get $@%! out b/c it seems like hes being a whiney lil girl. With all the injuries the Nuggets have right now they could really use him on the court instead hes watching the game from one of the boxes in the stadium.
gary wheatley::I hear you Avon.  I keep looking everyday on all the rumor websites.  I hope he does but I also dont want the nuggets brass to give up the farm for him either.   I still think Bird is gone no matter what happens in the Chandler thing
MadmanMark14::If the Rockets had Melo they would have won this game
MadmanMark14::that makes me cringe naddarians
MileHighFan9::No
naddarians::Nop but if they had Rashard Lewis they would have
sharar09::Just heard MWP say "oh my goodness" when he got called for a foul. Bet those are words you never thought you'd hear 5 years ago
SF-Sportster::My favorite part was Mozgov cussing in Russian when he got hurt.
jayeteee::He w as p.i.s.s.ed!!!!!!! He had every right to be. Hope he's not out long. Koufos is awesome though.
SF-Sportster::Yes. Kufos has been great. Much better than the guy he backed up in college, Greg Oden. lol.
jayeteee::The only bad thing was the 66% FT's.
JustineS04::And the perimeter D.
jayeteee::I think because the Nuggets were doing what they wanted offensively, it loosened up the perimeter D. The Rockets like to play up tempo a lot too.
SF-Sportster::Great overall game. Lawson almost got the triple-double tonight.
jayeteee::Faried &gt; Nene. And no one ever talks about Dre, but I think he was huge down the stretch tonight. It was all the pieces working well together. Nuggets looked good.
maxfactor233::Nene and Faried need to play together.  I like Dre's hustle and he fits great in GK's up-tempo system.
maxfactor233::Nuggets new best-case starting lineup:  PG - Lawson SG - AAA SF - Gallo PF - Faried C - Nene
DUIofMiguelCabrera::Completely agree.
maxfactor233::Anyone watching the 'Manimal' piece they just did on Faried?
bruins1109::HILARIOUS
TY LAWSON 3::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAHZxj0nfEQ  Faried mix
The_Birdman_1102::Liking him more and more hope to see that windmill of his a lot more in the future
The_Birdman_1102::When is Nene supposed to be back?
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::you gotta change the name Birdman my man... there is a new Manimal in town! This bird is not the word anymore...
The_Birdman_1102::I hear ya espn is a pain when it comes to changing profile names though, good thing birdman has multiple meanings two other favorite teams are birds lol
segunm1::next week hopefully
The_Birdman_1102::Alright thanks wasnt sure if he could be back for the Spurs game. Be really sweet to win that one shorthanded.
HTownRprsntr::Anyone who cries about flops obviously just started watching basketball.
DUIofMiguelCabrera::I've been watching just as long as you have, and if you weren't an obvious homer (as evidenced by your name) you would see that Kevin Martin has taken it to a level even Ginobli could only dream of.
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::To be fair I think the charge is called way too often in college... I hate the call... but it is funny to watch SA and Houston in the NBA because they are by far (BY FAR) the biggest floppers!!
HTownRprsntr::Cry me a fuching river
segunm1::flopping is a tradition in soccer
colintrapp::this a joke?  flops are definitely from this decade. you must be 12 and missed the days in the 90's with the bulls/sonics/hornets.
HTownRprsntr::You mean the 90's with John Stockton and the flopping gang?
JustineS04::Soccer influence from the influx of international players?
colintrapp::flops didn't get anyone anywhere.
JustineS04::Anyone who doesn't think it's a problem obviously roots for San Antonio or Houston.
JustineS04::When your players get hurt inbounding the ball, maybe your strength and conditioning coach isn't doing his job.
Dont make me make you fall in love with a n1gga like me::dang i missed this game!! How the Nuggets looked?
segunm1::pretty good, missed alot of free throws though but overall pretty good. Mozgov got injured though
tstruckzies6024::Still trying to figure out what is more disgusting. NBA refs or the Rockets flopping.
gary wheatley::boy I hear ya ts.  Its amazing how the obvious flops are still called fouls .  Martin or Ginoblie the king of the flops?  they are both even i think.  Either way its pathetic to watch them flop around and get rewarded for it.  Lowery and Scolla is good at it too.  Cant remember, Was McHale a flopper in his day?
JustineS04::Refs. If they didn't reward flopping, it wouldn't happen as much.
colintrapp::mchale comes from an nba era of hard fouls and physical play. does he support this flopping???  does he tell his team to flop more now?
segunm1::i say the refs, they make the calls
The_Birdman_1102::Im sorry but gotta give refs the edge bad calls on both sides tonight definitely
JustineS04::Co-conspirators.
tstruckzies6024::Ya... It must be a Texas thing. We should see plenty more on Sunday.... especially is Ginobli is playing.
JustineS04::Can Danilo and Mozzy have their own reality show? They're hilarious. There aren't enough Association episodes.
DUIofMiguelCabrera::Can we change the name to the Houston Floppers?  This team is unwatchable.
colintrapp::agreed, wish the NBA would solve this problem once and for all. rockets and spurs are embarrassing.
gary wheatley::Wait till saturday nite DUI when the nuggs play San Anotin.  you think there was alot of flopping tonite, we might get a double dose of it from the spurs.  I really mean that.  specially if Ginobflop is playing.
JustineS04::Mozgov is like an oversized puppy.
bmosheman::Faried is getting an unusual number of the taco shots.  Has anyone else noticed that?
JustineS04::LOL at GK. "I'd like Ty to have more turnovers."
JustineS04::Most coaches: "Take care of the basketball!" George Karl: "Get more turnovers!"
The_Birdman_1102::What can you say GK is not most coaches lol
colintrapp::just saw that too!  i do agree ty gets in his own head too much. but more turnovers?  come on GK
JustineS04::The cameraman should be fined for that shot on Mozgov.
The_Birdman_1102::So intentional. And boy is it agonizing watching the other teams broadcast btw. Not only annoying but they didnt really care
naddarians::Imagine any other team without thier 2 best players
DUIofMiguelCabrera::Give me Lawson over Nene any time.
JustineS04::Why haven't we gotten an injury update on Mozzy?
colintrapp::sprained left ankle
JustineS04::Thanks.
colintrapp::and yes, negative
colintrapp::that i haven't heard/read yet.
JustineS04::So the x-rays were negative? That's good news. High ankle or low ankle?
colintrapp::i'm pleased mr. afflalo felt like showing up tonight!  (offensively.  defensively, he's a monster, always)
lin_the_beast::THE  ALL ROOKIE LOTTERY STEAL TEAM  PG-ISIAH THOMAS  SG-BROOKS SF-SHUMPERT PF-FAIRED C-???????
winterfresh98::good job nugs
DontHaveAGrandsonWithADogCollar::Amazing what the nuggets are doing without their two best players... excited to see the nuggs fully healthy
lin_the_beast::FAIRED LOOKING LIKE A LOTTERY PICK
naddarians::Rashard Lewis is a beast in NBA 2k5  Get NBA 2k5 Watch Rashard Lewis drain threes
winterfresh98::2k12 Love drains 3s like Jet
helmsey::Geez, Lawson had 7 REBOUNDS.  Nearly a Triple Double
helmsey::His best game/stat line of the year easily
mrbigshot00::I don t understand why the nugz cant put up 100+ points every night. I understand teams get tired,but being so young th should be able to out run just about any team in the league right now..
colintrapp::??? nugs are the second highest ppg team in the league. 2nd to the heat.
colintrapp::don't let stats get in the way of your discussion though.
mrbigshot00::4  sure..^
naddarians::they put 90+ almost every game
JustineS04::Well their free throw shooting % doesn't help.
JustineS04::Please sign Chandler before the Spurs game.
The_Birdman_1102::Man if (when) they get Wilson back too... im pumped
naddarians::He just signed right now!
naddarians::Use Google&gt;Bing
Pepiope::Every time someone lies I still check bing lol.
