tbest23::Westbrook for D-Will. This kid is outta control and is clearly an alpha dog but he's just a puppy...
VT.Engineer::Westbrook is just another loser that can't handle being 2nd.  What a buM! :)
Nonaligned_::i bet he was going to hit his next 13 shots though...
djshampoooo::check out this article i wrote about the enigma of fantasy basketball! http://www.loveboatsports.com/2011/12/enigma-of-fantasy-basketball.html
NBASantas::Take it from Shaq-a-claus, maybe we shouldn't pick apart a potentially dynamic duo like we did with Shaq-Kobe. 'Tis the seasoN! http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2011/12/just-another-shaq-claus-thursday_29.html
HensleyRae::my co-worker's sister-in-law makes $83/hour on the laptop. She has been without work for 10 months but last month her check was $8056 just working on the laptop for a few hours. Here's the site to read more... http://x.co/c1fz
pokesfan1989::Everyone needs to layoff Westbrook. Every single NBA player has had a bad night. He'll be back tonight.
goalie1113::he tries to do too much! he INSISTS on being 1A to durant's 1. fact of the matter is that NOBODY in the league is on durant level.
C92400::Jeremy Pargo is going to school every point guard in the NBA.
sean43738::Pargo needs to play that way all the time not just sometimes.
Spursdc::Gay is going to shoot the Grizzs out of the playoffs
sean43738::yeah right! Rudy is by far their best player. Tony Allen shot them out the playoffs last season. The healthy Rudy makes them true contenders now!
Spursdc::0-13
pokesfan1989::98-95
John Kaw::Just noticed that if you click on the teams' logo, then "roster" tab, it shows each player's salary for the 2011-2012 season.  Interesting to see the differences.  No wonder Durant kept shooting.
Sports_Nut_111::I am not a "fan" of either team, but I do enjoy watching them play. Went to go see the game tonight, and man it was rocking. The fans were great to watch, some of the play was sloppy, but then again, its still early in a season that had few preseason games, so what else can one expect. All in all, great game, definitely will try to catch the next one between these two young teams. They were really a joy to watch go at it.
Lordkrimson::there's only 30 in NBA....
Dented_rim::Sloppy play is the norm in the NBA these days - not easy to watch if you grew up watching the 70's, 80's, and 90's. Being the best of 32 crummy teams isn't saying much.
andadp77777::westbrook is horrible and a big baby... 0 for 13 thats got to be a record
pork611::Ya, at what point do you say, "i dont have it tonight, and stop shooting"? I guess this ghetto ape was an Iverson fan growing up.
sean43738::Westbrook and Iverson musta double teamed ur girl dawg! She know she liked it. We sling that wood.  U know the saying She'll never go back!
Spursdc::wow
coltsfanatic75::carmelo anthony was 3-13 tonight against the warriors every player has bad nights shooting sometimes
sean43738::Westbrook gotta go dawg! Eric Manor runs the offensive better and takes care the ball.  Plus he ain't tryin to out score durant every night. Either trade him; make em a six man; or move him off the ball to the two spot.
The_NBA_Is_Rigged65::Hahahaahah some more Thunder fan said Westbrook = Wade, hahaha yeah rightttttttt
elchupanibre55::Westbrook and Durant must learn to co-exist or they will be in trouble again come post season.
lspat1980::Dentedrim............... Durant is the Face of the Thunder, not Westbrook. Westbrook acts like a brat at times. I remember after OKC lost to the Mavs in the Conference Finals last year, he pouted off the court and talked to nobody, while Durant shook hands and spoke to Dirk, Kidd, and Co. Westbrook needs to follow Durant's lead, and everything will be cool
Dented_rim::Durant doesn't get half the looks he does if Westbrook and Harden don't break down the defense for him. Durant is starting to let the media hype affect him like it does all Star players, the NBA's worst nightmare if their groomed "good boy" gets an attitude...lol. Westbrook loves the big lights - he'll be in LA or NY soon. The only reason Durant extended his contract was because he would have lost millions if he waited until after the new CBA - he played OKC and they had to pay him or pizz him off.
sean43738::Westbrook was the reason they did not advance past the western conference finals. He is not consistent enough. He does not understand how to play the pg position.  He struggles at when to pass or shoot. When to drive and not drive. Leaders are born not made.  He is not a leader and that's why he shouldn't have the ball in his hands.
Dented_rim::Aubrey McClendon got caught stealing again - this time with a shell company cheating farmers in Michigan and Minnesota. How is it that Newsok never reported his energy company buying 6 million dollars worth of season tickets (conflict of interest), no wonder they sell out in OKC. Spend rate payers money so fat cats can watch the games for free. The Thunder dump him and Clay and people would actually like the team....the team could be in China and if the same 4 owners still owned them, we would still hate the team. It has nothing to do with Oklahoma - they make the Hornets old owner look good.
ChuckNorris100::How is spending 6 million on season tickets a "conflict of interest"? And "Rate payers money"? what is that supposed to mean? CHK does not sell gas directly to the public moron. That would be your local gas and electric company. I have not heard about the thing in Michigan and Minnesota, but the way your other "facts" are laid out, you probly just made that up too. Get a life you loser, and stop being jealous of OKC and our great business men. F-Off
ok_sooner82::obviously u don't watch thunder home games and where do u get your info you sound like a sour seattle fan I've been to games at the Devon energy Center and I can tell you for a fact most of the time there is not an empty seat in the house don't be mad because your city couldn't support an NBA team and your elected officials messed you out of a franchise next time you want to spew out the mouth make sure whoever is giving you info gets their facts straight
Luclongley_MVP::Nice job Thunder beating the Memphis Grizzlies with special guest teammate Russell Westbrook.
thenbaisback20::OKC wont win the west.  Just watch.  Westbrook will blow it for them.  The west is stacked with good teams.  Lakers, Spurs, Mavs, Grizzlies, Clippers, Nuggets, Blazers.
ChuckNorris100::The Thunder could win the west without Westbrook...
reagan323232::mavericks suck....no offense there 0-2 there not gonna make a come back no other team except the lakers, the clippers and nuggets.....the rest are wack and wont challenge us at all
lakerpride55::I know it's only three games into the season for both OKC and Miami, but they both look pretty damn good.  OKC is probably one of the deepest teams, while Miami is on a mission.  I hate Miami like most NBA fans out there, but it looks like they will be in the final against OKC.  Hopefully OKC can beat them, they have the size down low to give Miami some trouble and they have a decent defender in Sefalosha to guard Wade or Lebron.
thenbaisback20::OKC wont win the west, but Miami will win it all.
DoctorJ0023::if Miami wins a championship, it doesn't count. There is nothing to worry about
Janethan23::Doesn't count? What do you mean by that?
Boomer199435::I heard that KD and Westbrook got into an altercation during a timeout in the 2nd qtr.
Boomer199435::To the point of them having to be seperated by coaches and teammates.
chubby rain::Westbrook SUCKS. Trade him.  K.Durant
soul_sonic_force::the refs took this from memphis
Dented_rim::Memphis took it from Memphis - this team should never take a 3 point shot, might as well just hand the ball to the other team. Why teams get into rat ball games with OKC is a mystery - calm down and act like you played the game before. OKC does to bad teams what Dallas did to them in the playoffs - own the last 5 minutes of games.
Boomer199435::That's funny. OKC fans and Memphis fans have been having wonderful conversations all night and not one has complained about the refs and then I see someone blaming a loss on the refs. If you wanna get technical and literal, the refs didn't take it away from Memphis, Russell Westbrook tried to hand it to Memphis (although he made a pair of clutch FT's with 5.0 remaining)(not to take away from a team as amazingly good and talented as the Grizzlies)...or am I just feeding the troll?
kgrovesBYUfan::KD is the MVP.
IIIMJ23III::0-13  Jesus...
S4TISF4CTION::"I am from Congo." -Serge Ibaka
Durant AKA F-35::Can't wait for LeBron-KD this year, LeBron will dominate offensively but I expect an inefficient 30 pts from KD.
Durant AKA F-35::AGREED
S4TISF4CTION::Best two in the game.
Durant AKA F-35::Please just attack the rim, young guards need to keep attacking instead of pulling up.
S4TISF4CTION::Charge.
Durant AKA F-35::0-14 doesn't mean jack up another disgusting 15 footer
Durant AKA F-35::+/- for Westbrook points tommorow is 38 pts.
S4TISF4CTION::Gonna try to block this performance out of my mind. I'll see how Westbrook does tomorrow. Staying optimistic.
ksanders6::lmao dats wrong,.....lmao,...... but Westbrook will learn from this game, I know it.
sooner1980wb20::LOL
S4TISF4CTION::Shut the $@%! up.
sooner1980wb20::did you not see him sink those 4 free throws??? Those were All-Star caliber free throws.
anono47::If Durant can torch Tony Allen like he did tonight, he can torch any team in the league.
oliverbush456::yea, but in a normal game, russ isn't going to go 0 for 13. this was an uncharacteristically poor shooting night for the thunder.
Durant AKA F-35::turn can into will
BowFlexTCTGP::no doubt KD is on another level right now.. but hes gonna need help if theyre gonna go far this yr.. Grizz are only gonna get tougher as the season goes on.. they gave the thunder a run for their money without conley tonight.. its gonna be a fun series again between these 2 teams
sooner1980wb20::Great game Westbrook! Thunder Up!
Durant AKA F-35::Source:Russell Westbrook has been bitc.hed slapped by Kevin Durant.Durant said " I just had to let him know that 0-14 doesn't mean jack up another disgusting 15 footer, it means pass it to me ,B-tch".Russell Westbrook was 0-14 vs the Grizzlies while Durant had 32 on 11/17"
BowFlexTCTGP::NBA fans please tell me whats worse..  A) to have ur team lose the very 1st game of a shortened season??  or   B) to have ur team finish with the most wins in the season only to get dropped in 6 like a bad habit in the playoffs by an 8 seed and become the laughing stock of the NBA??   Spurs fans need to take that noise somewhere else.. this board is for the NBA present &amp; future.. not the NBA past
Dented_rim::The Spurs were a MASH unit last year - you better hope they get hurt again this year. The Thunder are over due for injuries - at least that is what my auto insurance company would say when they raise my rates...lol.
Tyrick Townsend::option B is definately WORSE....GO GRIZZ GO!!!
SomaTheBlueMoon::clippers and who?
anono47::So you didn't see the spurs clippers game. Good to know.
BowFlexTCTGP::wow the clippers another team with chemistry issues this early in the season.. congrats.. not..  P.S. they didnt even make the postseason last yr
Durant AKA F-35::I'd rather have Ibaka make the decisions
mhur15::i love all your comments anono47 we are on the same page. and any other score by someone else is just a distraction after and before ten point runs by durant.
anono47::Hey, it's not that hard. Just remember the rule of thumb. Get durant the ball.
SomaTheBlueMoon::who does the replay action for these games, ... worthless! that was a great game. so many highlights and they don't even show conley going down in the first possession.
Jhe1125::any word on mike conley?
Shffmn89::that's funny if you think westbrook is the most athletic pg in the game. his name is derrick.
Jhe1125::thank god for jeremy pargo stepping up like a boss
mhur15::westbrook needs to get injured so the thunder can see their full potential
Pun1sher7::the fact that it wasn't a joke makes it a joke... westbrook will come around, us thunder fans should consider ourselves lucky we have a young pg that has an amazing amount of potential- already probably the most athletic pg in the game
anono47::Except that wasn't a joke.
Pun1sher7::hahaha good one
Jhe1125::how long is he out for?
SomaTheBlueMoon::no timetable
SomaTheBlueMoon::sprained left ankle
Durant AKA F-35::The Oklahoman: THUNDER TITLE HOPES GO DOWN IN FLAMES ( PUN INTENDED) AS THE HEAT COME BACK IN GAME 7 ------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------  WESTBROOK 0-26 IN 4TH QUARTER ------------------------------ --------------------------- DURANT FRUSTRATED:'I averaged 35 ppg on 55% this year, wtf russell"
mhur15::so did I. lol
anono47::I literally LOLed.
S4TISF4CTION::I'm pretty sure Brooks would take him out...
anono47::I wish I shared your confidence. Brooks is good for developing talent. I'm not sure he has it in him to coach a great team. OKC offense is pretty bad. It pretty much rides on the back of some good individual plays. I would say they have the best talent in the league hands down.
Durant AKA F-35::point taken
TectonicPlatter::Westbrook...listen..I know you want to be the superstar of the team, but Kevin Durant is the superstar....you are the sidekick. Play your position as a point guard, and stop jacking up shots. There is a point when you realize... "OH! I think I should pass the ball to Kevin Durant more often, because I'm bricking majority of my shots." Get the whole team involved, so OKC can be multi-dimensional rather than one dimensional.
OFrog::You know what is good about OKC boards, you get a lot of good ol NBA fans that know the game. Some of the best conversations are here. I think OKC is the best in the West. Good night and good luck!
SoonerB314::Which is kinda ironic, since OKC has only had a real NBA team for a couple years. xD
KellzDS04::Frog I'm with you. Love to see good clean hard facts and not stuff that is said just because people wanna please others. Great convo friend. I'll see you on here next game.
mccoywajmu::i agree i come here to get away from the heat nonsense...cant have an intelligent conversation there
Durant AKA F-35::Didn't Westbrook score 28 on 50% shooting last game.He's so inconsistent because too much of his game is out of control and his jumper isn't as good as he wants it to be( d rose syndrome)
mccoywajmu::most people dont watch bulls games with an unbiased eye...derrick defeers to his teammates gives them great passes and they blow it...we get down but because derrick can take over games with his scoring people want to say he isnt a real pg...give him some real scorers around him and you will see..deng has been great early but rip is still learning his role....boozer has been pathetic because he cant play with a real center
Boomer199435::You don't have to prove anything about the Bulls on a Thunder/Grizzlies board just because someone said Russ is like Derrick Rose in that neither can make a jump shot the way they believe they can (which is true). LOL
anono47::28 points, 48% shooting. But 7 TO and 6 assists. Even on his best game of the season, he played crap when you consider he's the point guard playing with the best scorer in the league.
mccoywajmu::o please d rose doesnt play with a scoring champ he plays with luol deng clown
brenocon13::how did westbrook do in this game?
S4TISF4CTION::Look at the boxscore...
Durant AKA F-35::tremendous just tremendous, he displayed excellent touch on his jumper. body control, power and speed in the lane and most importantly got the ball to kevin durant late in the game
KellzDS04::LOL!!!!
KellzDS04::HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE. He missed every shot he put up from the field. He needs to know what the BENCH feels like ASAP!
OFrog::His usual playoff performance.
TectonicPlatter::0-13
Durant AKA F-35::PG Maynor SG Westbrook SF ????? PF Ibaka C Perkins
SAlkebulan28::SF:Durant?
TectonicPlatter::Don't worry as he continues to screw up you will echo the same words we are saying. Develop foresight and you'll see.
anono47::I agree. I used to be a Westbrook fan. Then last year's playoffs happened.
OFrog::I saw it late season, playoffs confirmed it over and over.
RollThunder35::JAMES HARDEN -- 6th MOY. book it
Tyrick Townsend::as a memphis fan i agree.
RollThunder35::Ya.  im just gonna sit back and be patient.  not freak out like all these idiots.
David 454 Texans::Hes not right. Get out NOW ...out of the impression that he might be right..less pain more gain more bang for your fan buck
mhur15::yeah well I hope your right. i hope we are ignorant and your the only one who understands. i hope they bench westbrook again in the playoffs this year so they actually have a chance at a championship. or perhaps he can become an actual guard.
OFrog::You are an embarrassment to good OKC fans.
BowFlexTCTGP::NOVABuffalo Pop found the fountain of youth ... it was the Grizz that was lucky in the playoffs.  They played above their normal talent level, but we shall see ======================= LMFAO.. Fountain of Youth?? Grizz got lucky?? LMAO.. Cant wait til the playoffs again so we can rock yalls old a.sses like we did last yr.. a team that beats a team in 6 Fn games didnt get lucky thats called just being better my friend.. any other excuses
NOVABuffalo::you had your best player in game 1, yet lost.  HAHAHAHAHA, have a good night, I came over to congratulate the Thunder not debate with a dullard.
BowFlexTCTGP::good peace.. enjoy ur fluke win.. see u clowns soon.. when we bounce that a.ss like we did last yr.. we still have the last laugh.. wow yall won the 1st game of a season.. we kicked yalls a.ss outta the playoffs after yall had the best record.. lol.. we turned yall into a laughing stock... go enjoy ur old a.ss spurs.. they wont make it far
BowFlexTCTGP::its funny to me that all the NBA experts called it.. they said it was a bad matchup for the Spurs and the Grizz would pull the upset.. hmm only people still in denial are spur fans.. face it Spurs r the Old.. Grizz &amp; Thunder are the New
BowFlexTCTGP::yall are just bitter yall got bounced by a better up and coming grizz team.. ya we had rudy in the last game.. but pretty sure yall were very fortunate to get to play us in the 1st game of a shortened season.. at home to say the least.. we still have a chemistry issue we are working thru becuz we had to make last minute additions after one of our best bench players went down.. not to mention work rudy back in.. we commited 25+ TOs.. highly highly doubt that happens again and highly highly doubt zbo has that bad of a shooting night again.. but yall get a cheesy win on opening night and yall all of a sudden think yall r better.. LMAO.. We'll see u again.. we'll see whos still standing once the playoffs start
NOVABuffalo::it was a tough match up, but winning the first ever series is a huge step ---- try taking a few more.  Yet you have your main guy in game 1 and you offer excuses ---- in your words --- denial.  Agree about Thunder.
NOVABuffalo::perhaps, but perhaps not ---- Grizz did play above their normal talent level in the playoffs and it showed in the next round.
BowFlexTCTGP::ONCE AGAIN?? WHAT R U TALKING ABOUT?? We took the Thunder 7 games.. came 1 3ot loss away from the WCF.. O ya and we were missin our best player.. how did it show we were playin above our talent level?? idiot.. please tell me how the spurs wouldve faired aginst the Thunder last yr.. ONCE AGIAN SPURS FANS=DENIAL!!!!!
Tyrick Townsend::good win for the Thunder...that was a great game!! keep ur heads up mem fans, we still have 64 games left. but for sure this MEM-OKC matchup will be seen in the WCF this yr, EVERYONE KNOWS THAT!!! goodnight.
Durant AKA F-35::Were ok, once Westbrook starts going off for 20-35, the haters will disappear
OFrog::He does that against lotto teams. Against playoff teams it is tonight.
RollThunder35::maybe do some research, instead of demanding trades for Russ.
mccoywajmu::has he ever gone off for that
S4TISF4CTION::The Thunder are only 3 games into the season, calm down about Westbrook.
mhur15::yeah you do take the good with the bad take the bad to the bench and take the good to the floor
OFrog::He either gets it right this year or I think he is trade bait.
dmcwilliams82::He's not going to go 0-fer every game. You have to take the bad with the good sometimes.
anono47::He pissed me off all of last year's playoffs too. This year I thought I'd give him another chance, but yes my mind changed rather quickly and only because I like the Thunder.
mhur15::they benched him in the playoffs last year. they need a point guard not a showoff who wants to shoot more times than the scoring champion.
