Z Wade::The Heat trounced 3 really good teams this week (Spurs, Lakers, 76ers). I'm really impressed by how they were able to dominate all 3.
Lovechew::I agree they beat a popovich coached team who has beat some good teams this year and played great team defense against the best scorer in the league with probably the longest frontline in the nba in the lakers. A perceived weakness of the heat.  Couple that without ur second best player not a bad week
stone419::then who is a really good team?
pharrigan7::None of those are "really good teams".  Lakers are a mess, spurs are struggling without Ginobli, and the sixers are decent but their 11 wins are over teams with a 59-113 record.  They've only beaten two teams over 500.  Good to see them on the upswing but the east is so bad, a decent team on the way up can look like world beaters.
VTmsm12::Sixers had to travel to Miami to play back to back nights after beating the snot out of a good team in the Hawks.  Lets not get carried away here.  This was going to be a tough one for the Sixers to win anyways.  They are still looking like a great team.
TheSixthHeatle::Sixers are young that's certainly a poor excuse. Miami' defense slowed the 6er's down. Most of the bench will benefit from this extra PT while they are learn the defensive scheme.
peezyfreshbaby57::Excuses!
fightinillini32::Hey Philliesallday, you still think the Sixers are the best in the NBA?  This dude was on the Bulls board a couple nights ago telling everyone the Sixers are the best and being completely serious about it.
chubby rain::Can't wait til the 29 of this month, when the Bulls show the Heat what a REAL TEAM is.
pharrigan7::Hate the Heat and labrick but they will beat CHI again in 5-6 games.  Bulls just not that much better than last year.  Nobody else in the horrible east comes close.
Z Wade::Chicago hasn't even played anyone..
mia_tony::yea but at least chicago fans dont say they are better without rose thats what $@%! me off about those miami fans since lebron got here
zayzkidd::Those are bandwagon fans who gets mad at Wade because they want Lebron to pad his stats at every chance (like Kobe).
zayzkidd::I hope Wade and Rose are healthy so there will be NO excuses. Btw.... CHI is 5-1 without Rose. This is what contending teams do. Remember when the Bulls nearly got to the ECF without Jordan? It happens.
mia_tony::yea just like last year
zayzkidd::just because Lebron and Bosh will get less touches when Wade comes back doesn't mean that they should stop being aggressive. Where are these players when Wade is on the court? Especially Bosh!!! The last 4 games that Wade played, he took a back seat to Lebron and Bosh because he knew that he was playing injured, so they had their chances to do the things with Wade that they are doing now.  I can't wait to see a healthy Wade with THIS team!!!
gmskking::For all those people that were saying TRADE Chris Bosh last year are sucking it now.  He has been the best player on that team. Especially last year in the playoffs.
Ogwilliams::better than Lebron? I think you are wrong.
zayzkidd::He's also wrong about him being better than Wade. Wade never plays good against his home town for some reason and still averaged 18 PPG in that series. Look at his stats for the other series... 30 PPG on 57% shooting VS Boston and 26 PPG on 55% shooting VS Dallas. If anything, other than the CHI series, Wade was the best in the playoffs.
B.O.H.I.C.A.__::Wade needs to come back so the Heat can suck again.
Ogwilliams::they haven't lost a game since Wade has been out, so it seems they have a better shot at going undefeated without him.
mia_tony::this is when i know people dont know $@%! about basketball baetter without him do you have an idea of what you are saying, and if we star loosing we need wade back right go to youtube to watch dunks thats were you belong
mia_tony::jajaja be carefull what you wich for now wade come back and they go undefeated
Lovechew::2 games away from winning a ring year 1. Yea they are awful
Riche730::Even if Lebron wins a championship I will never respect him for the way he had to do it. Jordan earned it he didn't form a team with Magic Johnson and sell out his own team.
mia_tony::wtf celtics did it and when howard leave to lakers nobody would care they do this all the time is basketball ooo but now is a problem
Riche730::My point is Jordan was drafted by the bulls unlike lebron who betrayed his own team.Obviously Heatle is a little slow!
Lovechew::Did kg betray the twolves when he went to Boston?
Lovechew::Lebron finished his contract, where is the betrayal?
Lovechew::Nba is a competitive league you act like these 3 are indestructible. You are discounting all the other talent and complete teams.
TheSixthHeatle::Best rebounder in the game, best euro player, and scottie Pippen. Your a dumb F*ck
Riche730::Its not good basketball when teams like the sixers can't compete because the best players are going to the teams with the most money!
junkedup58::No one "has the most money." There's a salary cap.
Lovechew::C'mon dude, so what he isn't mike, nobody is. Enjoy good basketball
dukee till i die::i think lebron is the best player in the world but d wade is right there they have to be able to plat together when it counts and i still dont know how trhat is gonna work out in crunch time playoffs againist the bulls they beat the bulls the are gonna win it all altough ok city is fun to watch a little to young yet but they close
zayzkidd::I know how it'll work out... Let Lebron do his thing throughout the game and let Wade do his thing when the game is on the line...
michaeldave_::lebron showcased his arsenal of moves tonight, that layup with backspin off the glass was nasty
dukee till i die::the heat make almost anybody  look bad when the chosen one is on his game
rbaran13::And on a different note, all these calls for Wade to be traded are ridiculous. The man defines Miami, and should start and end his career in a Heat uniform.  I think what we do need to take out of this, is that maybe Wade should no longer be the number one option. Our offense should run through Lebron or Bosh first.
rbaran13::The 76ers are a great team, we owe them our respect. I think this just shows how scary good the Heat can be.
chubby rain::The Sixers are NOT  a great team, there a good team with a lot of flaws, please.
.2theriot2::It's funny. I don't see all the 6er fans out anymore claiming to be the best because of their win margin.
phils win phils win::i agree with killahs...years of mediocrity have made us sixers fans pretty modest, i haven't seen any bold statements about them on these boards.
killahs_ghost::I'd be ecstatic if we win the Atlantic and the 3 seed.   We are not elite, because we lack a closer, and at the moment we are getting out muscled by bigger teams, but we do kick the snot out of the mediocre squads, and we don't lose games we should win.   After the past few years, Im glad to be watching a winning team.
killahs_ghost::It's funny, I never saw any SIxers fan claiming we were the best to begin with.  Strawman arguments are fun because you never lose.  You set them up, and knock them down, then you claim you win. Wheeeee!
itsaboutteam::Furthermore.  I think DWade should learn from the Michael Jordan school of picking your spots of when to dominate and when to lay low.  Jordan used to purposely be really passive for stretches of the game, and then all of a sudden he'd utterly dominate for 2 and a half quarters.    Taking a back seat for long stretches allows your teammates to assert themselves.  If you always try to dominate because you're a Dwade, Kobe, or Jordan other players' get smothered and your team doesn't win as much.
bigrupe32::if cleveland didn't retire it's jersey then they are a poor excuse of a franchise..how can you not retire the jersey of the best player in franchise history who carried every bunch of scrubs they made him play with while also single handedly boosting the economy of the city? sure they are bitter now but i would assume that in the future they will look back and see that retiring his uni would be the right decision
mia_tony::i think lebron looks after wade to much he just have to let it flow and play if he is open or hot give the ball to wade if not lebron do your thing and there is bosh 2
southridge305::i like that idea, but i cant quite remeber jordan ever taking a back seat until he was a wizard. i would have never allowed myself to play for that team, once bulls were done with me, i would just have retire. he was well over his prime and didnt have anything to prove, but the love for the game i guess kept him playing the game.  my thing is if lebron finish his career out as a heat player, saying he plays the next 8 years for them, would be remember as a cav or as a heat player. i wonder would cavs retire his jersey in the stadium
zayzkidd::The Cavs won't but the Heat will because of the fact that he'll probably help them to at least 2 rings...
Airtight Granny::thats what lebron already does
mia_tony::yea is not a bad idea
itsaboutteam::I think Bosh is better at being the second best player on his team than he is at being the number 1 or the number 3 option.    Not dominant enough to be the man, but too skilled to take a backseat as the 3rd option.    Bosh used to put up 30 and 15 with ease when he was the man on a middle of the pack team.  He has a lot of game, but he always tries to just fit into much on offense with Wade and Lebron.
zayzkidd::Remember how Bosh used to drop 45 on Howard when he was with Toronto?
scratchedinside70::I am reading alot of useless chatter on here,,,1st of all good game HEAT! People are bailing and flip flopping on this team just like last year,,,,Lebron will never be the the graet players b4 him but guess what fools and haters he will go down as one of the all time best to play the game despite your inputs. He is still " young enough" as far as getting his many shots at more titles!  They are playing good ball because they are playing good team ball and Wade will only come back and confirm the teams ability to do just that "play good team ball" was established b4 he went down! How many people have recognised that during our west coast trip we ended up playing 3 ot games out of our previous 4 games,,,so tired ,traveling and injuried bugged I kinda like what I am seeing this young season,,,,,,,,,GO HEAT!
Lovechew::Eh don't need a ring to be one of the greatest barkley, Malone, Stockton, etc
Korzagg::Lets let him win 1 championship before calling him one of the greatest of all time, as of right now he is far from it. people who are considered great rise above the late game pressure where James runs and hides
DawgsFan2013::LeBron had one bad series. Don't forget he dominated the Bulls and Celts last year. He has displayed plenty of times that he can takeover in big games just ask Detroit.
Eternal_Sage::*sniff* Asif and southridge, you make me happy to come onto these boards 9 freaking hours before game time!
southridge305::well i try to speak from an honest stand point not bias, dont watch much t.v besides sports so if im not out with the family,working out or doing something job related, i like to come on here in talk basket ball. growing up in miami.. homestead and florida city are to be exact its good to see what this team and teams of the pass are doing for the community. i like the fact that heat have their own home grown players like james jones and haslem on their team. i even got to see haslem play in park league tournaments at roberto clemente park. he played in a different age group bracket from me. watching him develop from the PAL league tournaments, to playing ball at Miam High, to going to gator nation, and on to play for the heat is really special. his jersey will be hanging in the banners of the AAA one day and on my wall as well with Zo and hardaway.
Asif11111::Let the Haters hate. Continued success and great play from our team and just giving FACTS as valid  counter-arguments to whatever they post is good enough for me
Asif11111::It is what it is. This is what you get as a Miami Heat fan, but I think it more has to do with the fact that LeBron is on our roster. Any team where LeBron heads is destined for media publicity, and constant scrutiny. EVEN WHEN YOU SUPPLY FACTS as to why the team is going far, they will constanty hate. Just keep your head high and remember remarks are just remarks its about the team's play that does the talking #GoHEAT ;)
Eternal_Sage::I try :( i really try.. it's hard sometimes.. like the overwhelming number of people who think lebron is going to be a choker for life and he has sucky final record.  i told them no one not even tebow could of did  any better against the spurs and and.. when I tell them dirk choked in 06 and now he's considered clutch Lebron can do that.. BUT THEY DON'T listen *cry*
ptgatorboy13::antistratfordian admitted to being a lebron fan, not a heat fan. i think its time for some of you to come out of the closet too..
zayzkidd::Exactly.... Some of these guys get mad at Wade because he's not allowing Lebron to shoot as much as Kobe shoots. Do you think that if Wade or Lebron was playing with Kobe he'd be allowed to shoot that much?
Eternal_Sage::but no I don't think Scal is better then Mj. I do the very best is Bill Russell
Eternal_Sage::I mean Brian Scal is better then MJ but... RUSSELL???
Asif11111::HAHAHA U get the LIKE LOL
Eternal_Sage::who are you talking to? ADD THE PERSON'S name
Asif11111::No of course not, I take it as humor and find it HILLARIOUS
Eternal_Sage::wow seriously?
nba is the worst::antistratfordaria claims lebron is better than MJ, Kareem, Bird, Russell, etc right now.  No one with any bball knowledge takes that clown seriously
chazzzzz1965::Don't let it get u down Sixers just one game you'll have more cracks at them...stay positive and keep beating the teams you're supposed to beat..
Eternal_Sage::sixers = very good team
Asif11111::You guys played us tough. And I am a fan of how good the execution is with Doug Collins at the HC spot, and I think you guys will have a very bright future ahead of you
sportsfans1995::look how good the heat are playing WITHOUT wade. imagine what they'll be like when he's back......
fox1131::Ok, SAGE ( how ironic) continue to play iso against zone defenses. Good luck.
bigrupe32::considering that the only big with a better consistant mid range game than bosh is dirk then yes if that's his game let him play it...if he gets to the line a couple times a game and gets a few easy ones in the paint then that's great...with wing players like lebron and wade attacking the rim and lebrons newfound willing ness to play in the post and all the 3 point threats on the floor i'm ok with bosh knocking down wide open 15-18 footers...he's an NBA all star for god's sake
Eternal_Sage::your right,  miami has played better with the zone against them. and lebron and wade aren't taking risky threes which doomed them in the finals last year
Asif11111::The reasons anti-Heat fans give as to why we wont win the title, or why our team will "collapse"  are all clueless hater garbage. When you counter-argue with the facts, they just get mad throw a hissy fit label you "Bandwagon" or "frontrunner" and end it as such. Not even a good fight lol
Eternal_Sage::That's why you rule, too many anti-heat fans (like fox) think they know facts but refuse to look at facts!
Asif11111::Thanks but just gotta state the facts lol
Eternal_Sage::Asif Rules!
Eternal_Sage::lol bandwagon? i watched miami when they had their 3 point shooters healthy force both the pacers and hawks to get away from the Zone  unlike you i stand here win or lose
Asif11111::James Jones is a 3 point contest winner, and Battier is known for Making 3s and truth is that against the Spurs game LeBron and Miller went OFF at the 3 Point line to come back from a 22 point deficit
fox1131::LBJ is a good perimeter player? Bosh? You want your PF on the perimeter?..haha...clueless bangwagon jumpers talking bball...I guess I will come back when real Heat players come on, so we can talk a bit of ball. and btw, please stop using terms like "get rolling" wtf are you, miss Cleo?
Eternal_Sage::look at previous games when they fought the iso  ASIF said it. put shooters in. we killed the pacers zone and hawks
Asif11111::Haha hey we can beat Zone defenses, all you need to beat zone is good perimeter play, we've gotten that out of LeBron Chalmers, Miller and even Bosh too. When Battier and James Jones gets rolling then we'll be set
fox1131::They are playing this well because they are playing more of a team ball concept, with Wade it will be back to iso crap that doomed you in the finals.
sportsfans1995::all im saying is that the heat are gunna be tough to beat....Knicks fans are scared
Asif11111::No of course not one game at a time. Just telling it from my standpoint
nba is the worst::Don't get ahead of yourself - long way to go
Asif11111::And also given the fact that well (me) personally I thought that the Heat weren't going to even MAKE the finals last year over the Celtics it was a good year in that. This year you can see the improvement and all the chemistry and the tweaks will be made before playoffs start
Asif11111::All speculation, you cant base it off previous year's performance, the team has only improved as a whole since last year and should be a much better team in this year's finals than last years
Eternal_Sage::*sigh* you do realize except for a few of those games miami got jacked by dirk and terry right? miami was leading i think 3-4 going into the fourth
Eternal_Sage::yeah get him fully healthy
BigCas3232::Hey Lebron, carry us through the regular season, and the playoffs all the way to the finals. I'll play a couple good 4th qts in the finals and people will think I'm better. Thanks, D Wade
Asif11111::Nice, and as long as he plays in the 4th and gets the job done then that's all that really matters for us
earlealston::Once again Wade is out/playing a lesser role, and once again Miami wins big. I just hope Lebron doesn't develop a killer instinct, then they might be unbeatable in a series.
southridge305::much appreciated asif, but the story of my military career wasnt for me to get some glory out of it, because it speaks for itself, but to make a good example of how fans can be blind of what lebron has inside of him thats always been there inspite of what we see.
fox1131::You don't developa  killer instinct, you are born with it.
southridge305::look, growing up i never saw myself shooting someone or even being in those situations where i have a enemy i dont know wants to kill me. even though i grew up in the projects i still didnt have that way where i was wanting to have gun to cap somebody if they step on my shoe. i have been in the army 10 years, i have deployed 4 times and im a artillery man, that has done a infantry man job for my first 3 deployments. i been to afghanastain once and iraq 3 times and i didnt sit on the fob all day. i got out kicking in doors, seeing humvess blow up in the convoy, get attack by small arm fire and rpg from ambush and even seen ones i knoe get kill or had to kill someone trying to blow me up with a bomb strap to them. i was bless to have endure 49 months in those places in come back with my head on right and all my limbs. i never thought i could endure all that i been through in had to face, but i did and many people cant say they done that. it takes alot out of you to come back home in then be able to maintaina normal life. with all that being said, we have seen that killer instinct from lebron for a long time since he has been in the league. you say u must be born with, well i feel lebron is born with it and time wil lshow that even more. if u knew me in had to pick a 100 guys to take to war, out of a 1000 people, i would have been the 999 choice. you may not pick lebron to be one of the clutch or all time greats, but when its all said and done he will be among the greats
Eternal_Sage::It really has nothing to do with Wade,  like i said when you lose 17 point leads it's a team thing
nba is the worst::He doesn't really need a killer instinct - just some ordinary mental toughness
fox1131::Heat fans sucks to be you. I feel for you, for as much as I have hated and will continue to do, I feel for you. You finally have the best team in the NBA, however due to the schedule this year, you will not win the championship. While its karma, this much karma is just not right. I am really sorry, good luck next year.
Eternal_Sage::how does regular season schedule = championship?
southridge305::i guess thats why eric maynor of the thunder is now hurt for the season, because he is old. it has only so much to do with being old, because maynor is one of the youngest players on that thunder roster. any player can get hurt in i want be surprise to see durant or one of their top players miss consecutive games this year. it just hasnt caught up to them yet, but every team is feeling it. heat are built to where if either james or wade gets hurt, the team has good chance to still win lots of games.
fox1131::For a big man, Bosh is a an 80% free throw shooter for his career. Pretty darn good, Lebron, well that's a different story, he is terribly streaky from the stripe.
Eternal_Sage::lol fox, i've watched them last year.. they both miss ft's :P even on two days rest i wouldn't worry about miami
Eternal_Sage::they had 17+ leads and two ot losses.. x_X i call that choking
fox1131::Human body, especially put through such tough physical activity needs rest and recovery time. This years schedule does not allow for that. look what happened to heat on their little west coast road trip. Bosh have had knee surgery when he was in Toronto, and grueling schedule like this will cause problems. Heat is being smart by not rushing Wade. Look at my Bulls, last night 4 players out with injuries. Look at how many teams are losing players. This is awful! Prime or not, body needs to recover.
fox1131::have you noticed what is going around the NBA? Players are falling left and right. This year, it is unpredictable, who knows who has a chance. OKC has probably the best chance because of their youth. I wonder if Bosh's knee will finally give in. Those backt to back to back and 16 games in 24 days will kill teams. Greedy $@% owners will destroy careers.
earlealston::JOE PA.
Eternal_Sage::Brandon you have to lead them again tonight, this time I'm out at 12 &gt;.&gt;
Eternal_Sage::Rest in Peace, Joe Pa
Eternal_Sage::go Nuggets
nba is the worst::Why?  They don't even play another east team until March, with the exception of the Raptors
Eternal_Sage::Yeah and knicks show they made a bad deal
nba is the worst::Because he wanted to stay in NYC?
Eternal_Sage::i just like the nuggets beating them, since guys like Gali really got the short end of the stake
nba is the worst::Along with pretty much everyone - and that's with the Knicks' 2nd easiest strength of schedule
Eternal_Sage::They  beat the Knicks
Eternal_Sage::MIAMI HEAT RULES!
nba is the worst::"Except in the Finals"  ;)
D Wade fan since 04-05::It ain't over. The story is still being written.
Eternal_Sage::funny how only one team ruled in the finals :P
brandonlee561heat::The stat I like is that we have had at least a 20 point lead in the 4th quarter of the last 3 games
southridge305::yeah i know what you u meant, but just wanted to throw that out there to help aolt of other fans realize how good this heat team can be in their situation to other teams if they were in this situation.
Asif11111::Yessir I agree the team has nothing but potential
southridge305::but even with that being said, nothing against lakers, but do u think they could have gottens a top 3 seed in the west without kobe all year? thats the difference from this heat team and that laker team. the heat could go top 2 seed in any conference with out wade all year. thats not saying they dont need wade, but more saying that they are deep on the bench, chalmers is playing better than last year. lebron and bosh are still among the top 1 -2 punch combo in the league, joel is better on offense and they got better chemistry as a team. again thats not saying the lakers wasnt good, because they were, i just think that the team didnt have anyone to be a threat to have big games every night while getting players involved. the heat have that option and most teams cant lose a player of wade caliber or close to him for a year and still have the team dominate and win games, which i beleived this heat team can do all season. playoff s are a different animal so i want talk about them
D Wade fan since 04-05::Not really referring to being out a whole season. I'm referring to being out for a portion of a reg season
Eternal_Sage::this is why the whole 6-0 without wade is deceptive. the losses were not on wade. blowing a 17+ lead is a team loss
brandonlee561heat::agree
phillydakidder::Andre Iguodola 4 Points..Out Front top of Key all Night thinks he is a Point Guard and this season to demonstrate his leadership shoots 49% in Foul Shooting in 4th quarter Last year blows off year end exit interview get this cancer off the team and out of the league
Eternal_Sage::BRANDON, you lead them well!
brandonlee561heat::I told you! I told Chris Bosh to have a good game, he said: Brandon, for you I will make that happen.
Eternal_Sage::No, but whe I logged on game cast it was 92-78
brandonlee561heat::Yea no doubt. Did you get to see any of it?
Eternal_Sage::lol i was half right.. &gt;.&gt; bosh was the leading scorer for a while but this is prob been their best game all season
D Wade fan since 04-05::Having Haslem and Miller healthy from the start has worked wonders. Throw in Cole and Battier and it looks even better.
southridge305::you my friend are the only one that lacks basket ball knowledge and is probably a bandwagon fan. we are not putting the future of heat winning rings in currys hand. as a fan of the team u can see that if he can do the things he did in the lil time he played or even what he did when he first came into league will make this heat team better. no one was asking him to be shaq or dwight howard. a curry that can give u 15 minutes is just as good as a luc longley or bill wennington for the bulls. they were not dominant centers on offense or defense, but they change the game for the bulls with their big frame in long bodies. they mad teams work more down, but bulls had great team defense to cover fot their centers. the heat have great team defense so they can help curry out if he gets out of place.  heat  have a center that can get blocks, and plenty of players thats good at getteing rebounds. it was one game, but we out rebound the best rebounding team in the league in the lakers.  they need curry to take up space in make the other team center work harder to score. if all curry give heat is 8 points and 4 rebs in 15 minutes that will be great, but you cant see that though
southridge305::wait til curry can play 15 minutes a game and stay healthy for the next few years. heat have a chance to build a dynasty with this team, but it starts now, they have to get that first one. they are young enough to do it in i only see them getting better over the years
fox1131::Hang on, Heat fans are putting their hope in Eddy Curry? LMAO! He was never a rebounder, always a big baby, and he has a bad heart. Heat need an inside presence that can rebound and block, Curry can't do either one of them. You guys are a prefect example of heat fans being bandwagon jumpers, as you display complete lack of knowledge of b-ball. You just know what happened in the NBA since last year.
D Wade fan since 04-05::Curry looked pretty good with the minutes he's played.
Eternal_Sage::miami has one of the best benches in the NBA.. lol people said i was crazy last year but with haslem and miller healthy there you go!
Eternal_Sage::Yeah but the guy can learn, i think the whole 4th quarter thing right now is bs. look at melo he  chokes all the time in the playoffs and he scores in the fourth
D Wade fan since 04-05::It eas way to obvious the team was hurt without there contributions last year. Thats why i kept tellin people not to jump the gun last year. Still could've won if LBJ had shown up in those 4th qtrs tho. This year i think there should be enough balance to not have that concern.
asuar034::http://espn.go.com/espnradio/play?id=7471289  Pretty good rant about Lebron and Kobe by Colin Cowherd.
mbiggmiike::The Heat look good this year, more consistent. If they stay healthy they have a great shot.
nba is the worst::30 pts from the bench in this one - without looking, I'll bet that never even happened once last season
Asif11111::Yessir it most probably didnt
frazinat0r24::I bet you're right
ralphyralph007::I think the Heat are doing alot better without Wade.2's company ,3's a crowd?
southridge305::they will need wade come playoff time, he is the best defensive shooting guard in the league and can take over a game in a good way like few players could. he just has to take back seat in let the offense be ran through lebron. lebron has to also accept that role. players know who wade is so they will be stupid to think he want be a factor on the offense of end. wade can easily score 10 points a game jusy off of fast break points
nba is the worst::Hey, the heatles finally broke through to #1 in ESPN's power rankings - jumping 2 spots despite being in 3rd place in the league standings
southridge305::the thing is heat doesnt care about the power rankings, they just want to get better as a team in they are doing that by getting miller good amount of playing time, and curry and pittman time on the court. they know by the time the season ends, they will be no worst than third best record in the league. the biggest thing the heat has as an issued is making sure curry can give them atleast 10 minutes a game come playoff time, along with pittman, and having a rotation that will give miller 20 to 25 minutes on the court each game. of the legit title contenders, the only team that front court will give heat some problems is bulls, but it want be enough. rip hamilton will have to play like he did in 04, along with boozer having a lil more heart, but should be a great season, great playoffs. hope all teams can stay healthy enough to make a run
southridge305::record never tells the whole story, we saw what can happen against any team, wizards beat a great thunder team, bulls get blown out by memphis. really those are the only two teams despite record u can even debate is better than heat, but if you had the chance to win a million bucks on who will win this year with all teams healthy. who do u go with?
leehwgoC::Dominating the Lakers, Spurs, and 76ers in recent games will do that.
RockAZ_98::I hope the Heat goes undefeated for the remainder of the season, and then watch the inevitable choke job by Lebron and company in the playoffs. It'll be that more enjoyable to watch.
mia_tony::i never hope for a team to loose i hope for my team to win. Sorry we have a good team and yours ..... well is just a bad team
brandonlee561heat::Suns fan?
nba is the worst::Both teams played well, with low turnovers, but the Sixers had trouble rebounding, and had many of their blocked shots called fouls by the officials. You could see the B2B affecting the 76ers energy in the 2nd half. Nice balance with Bosh at the top of the circle passing well, and another excellent game from lebron.  Overall, the most complete and focussed game by the heatles so far this season.
leehwgoC::Gosh, a good basketball post, for once.
nba is the worst::Sorry to disappoint
D Wade fan since 04-05::I can't believe it either. Note the date and time. He actually said something objective about the Heat with no sly remarks. Check his temperature. He must be sick this morning.
brandonlee561heat::When Vucevic went out with the injury I thought the game changed completely.
brandonlee561heat::Yea, that pisses me off. So stupid
mikezff::Are there any Sixers fans here?
WddNews.com::It's obvious that Wade will need to adjust his game to fit in when he gets back.  The Heat has been better w/o him this season.  Bosh is much better w/o Wade and James is better too so if Wade wants to prove he's in it to win titles...he needs to take on a lesser role than in the past.
Bigmayne313::Thats Deep!
Travis Berger::Like i've been saying all season, fellow sixer fans. They will finish 6th in the conference. Currently they're fourth bur they are sixth in win percentage and that's what counts at the end of the season, because everyone plays 66 games
kent432::everythings better on route 66
kent432::hey...666
Travis Berger::the division is bad but i still expect the knicks to beat the sixers out
leehwgoC::Hope springs eternal for New York Knicks fans.
Travis Berger::i can agree with that. the bottom line is that there are 5 teams in the east that are better than the sixers. they don't have the star power to compete with elite team. But i love this sixers team and they are heading in the right direction. the problem is what star is goint to wanna come to philly. they dictate too much where they go and wanna be in in boston ny miami or la
nba is the worst::Disagree - Knicks are actually regressing
earlealston::Is AK47 still the only player to pull off a 5-by-5?
earlealston::Yeah you're right Hakeem was natural at that. The Russian is the only active player to do it more than once.
antistratfordian::no
What Just Happened 9330::Holy hell?! How the hell are people still not on this? It's the fricken Heat. Where are all the bandwagoners?!?!
theheatison136::I always said Miami didn't know how to use Bosh....with Wade and Bron he barely gets touches with one of them out he always goes off...Bosh is a great player, but also too nice....he's too good to just be a trailer on the court...When Bosh is going this heat team is impossible to beat...their 7-0 when he gets 20+...thats scary
Opragman::You hear a lot of Heat haters talk about buying a championship with the big three yet the heat are only forth in team salaries.  1-Lakers 2-Orlando  3-Boston 4-Miami 5-Portland
psualltheway5::I've never heard anyone dumb enough to say to me that the Heat bought a championship.  Seriously, there is a salary cap in the league, it's not like we are talking baseball where you certainly can buy one.
marlinsofflorida::Good point!
Are you on the Kobe System::MJ made 33mill in his last year with the Bulls, that is a lot of MONEY!!!!!!!!!!
Bigmayne313::Look at how much money he made for the Bulls, thats probably chump change compared to what he brought in for them. Sold out crowds for YEARS!!
Eisenmann88::http://espn.go.com/nba/playoffs/matchups this is how much espn is up the heats a**.......if u look at the playoff seeding miami should be 3rd after orlando but have them 2nd....it goes to divisional record heat 3-1 orlando 3-0......i know its early and really does not matter but just sick of espn sucking up
Eisenmann88::miami just played last nite (saturday) to get to 11-4 they changed it wrong today
Eisenmann88::how higher winning percentage in the division it goes to...i think 100% beats 75%
kent432::the nba has been fixed for years
antistratfordian::itll probably be fixed by tomorrow
Eisenmann88::espn up the heats a** again lol so bias they cant even place seeding in the playoffs right
antistratfordian::wait... you're right.  i thought they played eachother and miami won, but i was thinking about the preseason.  espn has this off.
antistratfordian::no, they have miami in the right spot
Are you on the Kobe System::I just hope the Lakers lose 8 straight so they can fire Mike Brown and make a move before it is too late.
southridge305::he is doing best he could with this team, the only thind i dont like is kobe playing so many minutes, but whne he is out, who do they have that will dominate the game. bynum or gasol  are good, but you have to get them the ball. i dont think bryant trust them enough to give them the most touches in belived they can win. mike brown is trusting kobe to make those calls on the court too as for getting the big men the ball. no one is coming the bench in doing enough damage to sit the starters long enoug to where they are not playing 40 minutes. they will wear down by mid season if they keep it up
ChiTownNation::Mike Brown is a joke, the antithesis of Phil Jackson, can't coach superstars and, apparently, any other NBA player, for that matter.
