jimmiesjonesen::Odom should have been playing more anyway... he's most effective if he plays more than 20 minutes!!
didyougetthememookur::Clips sweep the regular season against the Jazz, and the Jazz sweep the Clips in the playoffs.  It's the law of averages.  It's science... look it up on Yahoo.
Jmac4539::theres no such a thing, you have no idea what you are saying please leave this board it's embarrassing
Marshallv84::Being a Lakers fan I hate the clippers, but If we get knocked off I'll root for them. I like all their players; Odom, Billups, CP3, Butler, Barnes, etc.  I hate the franchise, but I like the team. It's nice to see Odom contribute again, Barnes has been great too.
Lebron-hairline-HGH::Odom is a fat joke,eating  too much candy
VAfinfan79::Foye and Tinsley 0 pts? wow at least the Jazz know where to build at next year
Daniel58976::MR GRIFFEN IS AMAZING
Axe Radio::The Clippers being 40-18 at this point in the season has to be a first. I'm so used to seeing their record being 18-40 after 58 games. Good for the Clippers organization after decades of losing!
KCS2o9::1st time clip fans have something to cheer about!!! but some of them act like as if they've won the championship already!! make it to a WCFs 1st!! this will be their 1st time winning the division too...
jeff050578::6th man of the year should be J Jack from Golden State and not Gordan from the Clippers. I can assure you that Golden State would be much worse off w/out Jack then the Clips would be without Gordan.
Soonerhopeful1::Did Eric  " Gordon '   return to the Clippers..?
AndeiBolkonsky::Crawford, Clippers 6th man is Crawford
Ivanov21::lol 3 scoreless players in the Jazz starting 5, I don't know if I have ever seen something like that ... I think coach should consider a change in their line-up!
Wombat1247::Been nice having chat, good luck in the playoffs, Hope to see you there in the second round!!!! or WCF (do not think we will make it that far though) 7 - 8  Just hope the Lakers do not make it!  Time to go to bed here - Sunday night 11.40pm here in Australia
Cleeepers::We can all agree on hoping the lakers are fishing in April.  All the best, wombat!
Wombat1247::Don't think the Jazz would give both Burks &amp; Hayward, plus sign &amp; trades are going to be hard under the new EBA
Cleeepers::Yeah, it's a pipe-dream... but it would help both teams, I think.
Cleeepers::Jordan, Butler, Bledsoe for Jefferson, Hayward, Burks seems fair to me.  Salaries are virtually identical, too. Shame Big Al is a free-agent.
Wombat1247::Yes , I could see these teams making a trade could could benefit both  weather it be to better one team, &amp; financial for the other, sometimes you have to it, even though it hurts
Wombat1247::We have 8 players contracts up at the end of the season, will be a very different Jazz next year.  Mo Williams, Milsap, Jefferson, Tinsley, Watson, Bell, Foye &amp; Carrol  With 2 draft picks in the first round - although high ones - will be an interesting summer
Cleeepers::Yeah, you guys are set. Very young though... I'd trade those picks for vets or you'll keep getting beaten by experience, then all your rooks will want paying at the same time.  Clips on the other hand are going to be getting expensive with CP3's extension. Wouldn't surprise me at all if the 2 teams deal this summer.
Wombat1247::Is Bledsoe available ?
Cleeepers::He will be. We've got him for another year on rookie scale, but we really need a starting wing... Hayward would be nice (even though he is kind of a flopper)
Wombat1247::agree - easy decision  Until Mo comes back - I would start   Burks, Foye, Hayward, Favors &amp; Al 2nd Unit Tinsley, Carrol, Williams, Sap &amp; Kanter
Cleeepers::Hope you guys get that 6-spot!  I'm rooting for you for the rest of the season now the sweep is complete.  Seriously though, in the summer trade Big Al for a decent PG. Kanter needs the burn anyway.
Wombat1247::This game was perfect proof of what a woefull coach Corbin is.  Any high school coach can see that has the wrong players together on the court, the starting five is just woefull.
JPHoks1981::Yeah why did that Corbin hurt Mo Williams and trade for Marvin Williams all his fault for having Tinsley and Watson on the roster.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::RAY LEWIS &gt; JOHN ELWAY
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::RAHIM MOORE!!!
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::RAY LEWIS &gt; DENVER DONKEYS
ensign.devyn::Rocinante, enjoy your night man, I'm out. Good talkin to someone logical, lol.
Rocinante1322::You too!   Hard to talk sense into Clippers fans these days.  Delusions of grandeur I guess.
ensign.devyn::Bandwagon fans have always been awful to try to talk to. Whether in person or on the boards.
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::GOOD NIGHT WUSSY, DONT WET YOUR BED
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::YOU MUST OF BEEN NOT TERRIBLY IMPORTANT
ensign.devyn::We call the wing-monitoring female "Mom". Helps us all deal with the hardships of being orphans, I guess.
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::YOU HAVE A MOM I THOUGHT YOU WERE AN ORPHAN ?
ensign.devyn::I'll try. No promises though, I just drank a whole can of Dr. Pepper. Don't tell my mom I had caffeine, k?
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::HOW ABOUT THEM DENVER DONKEYS ?
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::They CHOKED to my Super Bowl Champion RAVENSSSSSSS!!!
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::LOL
outspoken mavs fan::Dirk &gt; Clippers
Rocinante1322::Oh God no!   Prepare to be bombarded with Griffin stats.
Rocinante1322::On a lighter note.   Marvin Williams was the #2 pick of a draft.   lol
ensign.devyn::Haha so ridiculous. I hope we can trade him in the off-season, or he chooses not to exercise his players option and  signs with someone else for more years
ensign.devyn::Hopefully Lindsey can contribute his opinion then haha
Rocinante1322::I don't know.   KOC seems to have guys that he likes.   Marvin for some reason is one of them.
ensign.devyn::Unless Marvin really steps up his play when Mo is back, which is possible, then no way that happens.
Rocinante1322::Or KOC decides to extend him to a 4 year 25M dollar deal.    NOOOOOOO!!!!!!
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::JAMES HARDEN &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; DENVER DONKEYS
ensign.devyn::Represent LAC, we all know you're a bandwagon fan anyway. No sense in bandwagon fans, and it's just pathetic. You enjoy your night, and never being a true fan of any team..
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::YOUR A WUSSY!
ensign.devyn::LOL. Okay buddy
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::JAMES HARDEN &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; MILLCRAP
ensign.devyn::Pathetic.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::JAMES HARDEN &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; ensign.devyn
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::JAMES HARDEN &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; MILLCRAP
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::JAMES HARDEN &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; MILLCRAP
Rocinante1322::You're really going out on a limb there aren't ya?
ensign.devyn::Bandwagon fans are pathetic.
ensign.devyn::Are you sure?
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::JAMES HARDEN &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; ensign.devyn
ensign.devyn::Bandwagon fans are pathetic.
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::JAMES HARDEN &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; MILLCRAP
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::I love how the Utah fans are using Blake's teammates as an excuse one minute and then calling him the Chris Bosh of a crappy team to excuse his elite rookie year the next.  Which is it, haters? And if Millsap is so good, why isn't he making his teammates better?
ensign.devyn::Defensively, he's on the court with 3 awful defenders and 1 good one, at most times. At most times, Griffin's on the floor with 4 good defenders. If you think that means nothing, you are an idiot man.  Griffin's a good player, but he was the Chris Bosh of LAC. Feel free to disagree, but it's the truth. ESPECIALLY when Gordon went out with injury.
Rocinante1322::I honestly don't understand why this guy cares so much about what we believe.
Rocinante1322::It's not exactly rocket science Dumb Dumb.
Rocinante1322::Good one Dumb Dumb.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Apparently it's even more complicated than that to dumbas.ses such as yourself.
LaMarcus Aldridge::Arguing about power forwards on the internet? Lol  =)
Rocinante1322::Shut it LaMarcus!
LaMarcus Aldridge::No. Who are you?
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::COME ON GUYS I'M NOT A BLAKE FAN, BUT CLEARLY HIS A SUPERSTAR  MILSAP IS JUST A GOOD PLAYER NOT GREAT TOO BUILD A FRANCHISE AROUND, NO WAY!
Rocinante1322::I don't want to agree with you, but all of those caps are just forcing my hand.
ensign.devyn::Minnesota.
ensign.devyn::Bandwagon kitty fan, cool.
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::REALLY DONT CARE AS LONG AS JAMES HARDEN IS THE BEST
ensign.devyn::Rooting for them to tank?
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::SUCKS!
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Defensive rating...  Griffin: 100 &gt; Millsap: 104  Defensive win shares...  Griffin: 3.1 &gt; Millsap 2.0
Rocinante1322::And yet he's only slightly better yet again.   Thanks Dumb Dumb.   You're doing all the leg work proving me right.
ensign.devyn::Look at who he's ont he court with.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Actually, that's a pretty huge difference in defensive rating.  Allowing 4 more points can swing a game.
ensign.devyn::That also depends on who you're on the court with. Millsap is on it with Tinsley, Foye, and Jefferson, 3 awful defenders. Griffin is on with CP3, Barnes, Butler, Jordan. 4 good defenders
Rocinante1322::Those are 4 pretty good excuses.
ensign.devyn::That's not an excuse bud, that's a fact. Do you disagree?
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::LOL, nothing but excuses from you.  Griffin is the better defender, deal with it.
A Drunk Monk::Goodnight Clips/Jazz fans. At least we know there's one team the Clip show can rock in the playoffs- 6 straight wins against Utah. Cheers to them meeting in the 1st round.
ensign.devyn::34 years.
Soonerhopeful1::I don't get it....If Milsap is sooooo   Good, which he is good;... But why are Jazz trying to trade him....?   They are stacked with PF's in Utah.. But Milsap is their best, Favors a close second.     are the Jazz management this stupid,   Not knowing how Great Milsap is...?
Rocinante1322::Because he was the most desired asset the Jazz had.  We need a PG.
ensign.devyn::Because Millsap declined to sign an extension with us, meaning he's set to walk in the off season, so they're trying to get something out of him. Who's stupid now?
A Drunk Monk::This ensign.devyn guy is still here huh?   Ignore him Clipper fans- this morning he was going on about how Millsap and Jefferson would own the Clippers down low, saying the Clips would lose to Utah in a 7 game series. The guy either lives to troll or lives to defend Utah to his dying breath. Either way not worth debating with.
Rocinante1322::Now you have people checking in to see if you're still here.   It's a little creepy and yet flattering.
ensign.devyn::Miss me? Had to show back up at 1 am to post my name.
Rocinante1322::You need to look up the definition of trolling.  Having a debate or argument does not qualify.
ensign.devyn::Actually I got off the boards at about 1 today and didn't get on them till after the game."probably's" are fun though.  Once again, you can have it every 34 years.
A Drunk Monk::Meh disappointed actually. I log on after an entire day with which you probably trolled, only to find you still trolling. Waste of a chat board.  At least I have a Clipper 6 game win streak over Utah to end all arguments.
LaMarcus Aldridge::What's with all the PF talk?
ensign.devyn::10-15 feet: Millsap is 48%, Griffin is 38%.  This is what I'm talking about, and what you'll need against OKC (who I believe you still haven't beat this season) in the playoffs, or the Spurs team that swept you last year.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::It's incredible how salty Jazz fans are, reduced to making up stats and just flat-out lying.  Blake Griffin is better than your best big man.  Deal with it, just like every single other team in the league has to.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::And Blake doesn't get more blocks because of his wingspan.  He's not a natural shotblocker and probably never will be.
Soonerhopeful1::Coach's say Griffin's defense is better....But of course believe homer fans,  not coach's....!
Rocinante1322::Better than what?   Better than it used to be?   That's not saying much.
Rocinante1322::He's slightly better than Millsap.   I agree.
ensign.devyn::His individual defensive rating? Post a link for me.
Rocinante1322::Griffin has stubby arms.   That's why he doesn't protect the rim all that well.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::How does Millsap play better D when Griffin has the better defensive rating? LOL, yet another failed argument from Ensign.  Does it ever get tiring being wrong so often?
Rocinante1322::Yes and those stats were only slightly better Dumb Dumb.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::I posted the stats and they clearly showed Blake was a lot better than Millsap.  But keep on truckin'.
ensign.devyn::Millsap plays better D, and blocks more. You'd think for Griffin's athelticism he'd have more blocks, but it's cause his D sucks.  There are 2 sides to the game my friend
Rocinante1322::Stats would say otherwise.   But keep on truckin'
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::He's not "slightly" better than Millsap, he's a lot better.  So much better, in fact, that Jazz fans have to lie and misrepresent Blake's stats to make Millsap look anywhere near equal to him.
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::I AGREE
Soonerhopeful1::With K Love out;... there is no PF or Center, with higher league value then Griffin... That's without the show time crowds he draws.. but his play alone.  Best Passing big man PF/Center...
Soonerhopeful1::K Love and Griffin, are two of the better PF's to ever play the game...!  So say most of the NBA coach's....   Homer fans are much smarter then NBA coach's... right  Mr.  Rocinantel...?   You're wiser then NBA coach's on Basketball aren't you....?   go ahead and Say yes...!  We know you want to...!
Rocinante1322::Kind of shows you what state the PF position is in these days doesn't it?
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Yeah, it's the second-deepest position in the league (only the point guard position is more stacked with talent), and Blake is the best at that position.  Just goes to show how great he is.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Current jump shot stats....  PPG: Griffin 7.3 &gt; Millsap 5.7  eFG%: Griffin .455 &gt; Millsap .383  % of jumpers that got blocked: Griffin 6% &lt; Millsap 9%  If we need a big who can make a jump shot, I'm glad we have Blake instead of Millsap.
Rocinante1322::Those are some amazing stats Dumb Dumb.   You might want another big altogether to shoot a jump shot if you need one however if these stats are indeed correct.
ensign.devyn::Because Griffin shoots more. Go look up their shot charts and %'s. Haha wow
ensign.devyn::If you're considering 5,6 feet a jump shot, which those stats do.   I'm talking 15-20 feet, you know, spreading the floor.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Wrong again.  58% of Blake's shots are jumpers.  65% of Millsap's shots are jumpers.
Soonerhopeful1::In Milsaps   defense....Milsap plays Griffin as good as any PF in the NBA...Few have the Size, bulk and athleticism to keep up with Griffin...Milsap is tough match up for Griffin... Of course they give Milsap help with a double team.. But Milsap still plays Griffin tough.. So says Griffin.
ensign.devyn::Cool stuff
ensign.devyn::Clippers entire playoff history &lt; The Jazz last 7 years in the post-season. LOL
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::SO WHAT JAZZ GET KNOCKED IN THE 1ST ROUND
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::NO I'M A HARDEN FAN, DUUDDEE!!!!!!
Rocinante1322::Oh.   The cat picture should have tipped me off.
ensign.devyn::Dude, you're a Minnesota fan. That's should be enough for you to run and hide.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Current per 36 stats....  PPG: Griffin 20.5 &gt; Millsap 17.8  RPG: Griffin 9.6 &gt; Millsap 8.8  There's literally no winning this argument for Jazz fans, LOL.  Griffin sh.its on Millsap, get over it.
ensign.devyn::Talk to me when you need a big that can hit an 18 foot jumper. It'll come back to bite you in the playoffs. OKC in the 2nd round, or God forbid you have to face the Spurs, who swept you last year.
Rocinante1322::Hilarious!   Blake can potty train now.  lol
ensign.devyn::Yeah, his 38% percentage from 15-20 ft is staggering.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Blake can make jump shots now.
Rocinante1322::I wouldn't say 2 points and less than 1 rebound per 36 is sh.itting on Millsap.   I do however appreciate you proving our point though Dumb Dumb.
ensign.devyn::WAY BETTER? Lol &lt;1 rebound and 2 pts.
Rocinante1322::Way better?   Lol   Just when I had hopes for you Dumb Dumb.   And please enlighten us about just what a raw stat is?
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Griffin's raw stats are way better, his per 36 stats are way better, and you're just mad and salty that Millsap will never be as good as Blake.  Get over it, dumb dumb.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Current stats...  PPG: Griffin 18.5 &gt; Millsap 15.0  RPG: Griffin 8.7 &gt; Millsap 7.4
Rocinante1322::Yep.   You know how to read a stat sheet.   I didn't know you had it in ya dumb dumb.   Now go and look at their Per 36 stats.   Griffin does get 2-3 minutes more per game afterall.
ensign.devyn::CP3 &gt; Tinsley/Watson.  Cool stuff.
ensign.devyn::Because he was coming off the bench behind Boozer? And then was the #2 option behind Jefferson? Haha
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Even when Millsap had pre-obese elite Deron Williams, he never put up Griffin-esque stats.
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::FUN FACT : UTAH JAZZ ARE A JOKE
ensign.devyn::Then what's Minnesota? Lol
Rocinante1322::Much more clear.   You're growing!
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Fun Fact: Millsap has never averaged 20+ points per game in a season and has never averaged 10+ rebounds per game in a season.  Griffin did both in his rookie season.
ensign.devyn::Chris Bosh effect. #1 option on a horrible team.  Bosh avg'd 24 and 10 with Toronto his last year, and 22 and 10 2 other years.
Rocinante1322::That's terrific dumb dumb.   Now go look at their current stats.
Soonerhopeful1::Jazz was seeking to trade Milsap to Clippers.... which Milsap is a top PF;    But Clppers are one of the few teams that don't need him.... Lakers could sure use Milsap... I hope they don't let Lakers get him... Utah should keep Milsap.. He is 6' 8" but a really good all around PF.
Rocinante1322::The Clippers don't need Millsap.   Funniest thing I've heard all night.   You are familiar with your bench bigs correct?
ensign.devyn::We'll see if you're still saying that when you need a big to space the floor and bang down low against OKC. Jazz torched OKC because of the bigs that are threats to hit the outside J. Clippers don't have that.   We'll see what you're saying when they need it, buddy.
ensign.devyn::I find it really flattering, and pretty creepy, that I have so many Clippers fans posting my name so much. Lol
Soonerhopeful1::ha ha....not True....  not only is it true, it is Empirical truth...  No one is flattered when called a Liar,, except a dedicated troll...!   Case close.
ensign.devyn::Your posts are kind of difficult to comprehend.
Soonerhopeful1::Only an adolescent  who thrives on trash talk, would find people upset and calling him a liar;  as flattering...   So to anger others, is flattering..?   Perfect case in point as to the Troll mind.
ensign.devyn::You can say whatever you want bud, doesn't make it true.
Rocinante1322::Well you dared draw a comparison between Millsap and Griffen.   Even though their stats aren't far off from each other.
ensign.devyn::And Griffin/Bosh on bad teams.  Bosh's last year he avg'd 24 and 10, and then 22 and 10 twice. Haha
Soonerhopeful1::I like Milsap...But Griffin recently has killed him....Milsap only got 2 boards against Griffin...  That is control my friend..  Milsap game  4 fouls, Favors gave 5 fouls and Kanter 2,,, all Against Griffin, and he still dominated.          We should change Utah coach's to these on message board.. Utah coach's think Griffin is great.. They must be dumb huh..?              No.. I think some of you Utah fans, better keep your day jobs.
Soonerhopeful1::Really Milsap and Griffin are about the same...Griffin is only 2 inches bigger, and might run a little faster...But they are made from the same cloth...!
ensign.devyn::Okay? Haha
ensign.devyn::Welp, when you play alongside Al Jefferson, you'er bound to lose a few rebounds, and with his foul trouble, that hampered things, eh?
Rocinante1322::You should really look up the work excuse in the dictionary Dumb Dumb.   It's really giving you some problems here.
ensign.devyn::Not at all.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Excuses.
Rocinante1322::You're right, Griffin is a slightly better version of Millsap.
Rocinante1322::And I'm sure every one of those fouls were drawn by Griffen.
Urtimus::Does CP3 go to the Clippers if they didn't have Blake Griffin?
Urtimus::Yes, but he had a no trade clause
Rocinante1322::Wasn't he traded there?
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::"I definitely try to model my game after Blake," Millsap told reporters after practice today. "He will be the next Tim Duncan in his prime.  I wish I was nearly as talented as Griffin."
ensign.devyn::Nice comparison. Timmy 8 inch vertical Duncan to Blake Griffin.
ensign.devyn::I'm glad simple math is within your comprehension
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::22 and 12 &gt; 22 and 10
ensign.devyn::24 &amp; 10 in his last year with them, and 22 &amp; 10 in 2 other years. Close enough.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Bosh has never averaged 22 and 12 in his career, not even on the Heat.  NEXT!
ensign.devyn::He was. When LAC sucked and he was the go to guy on his team. It's a fair comparison, I'm sorry if you can't see that.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::You compared Griffin to Chris Bosh, son.
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::BOW  DOWN TO THE GREATEST OF ALL TIME SLENDER MAN http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZ9cn-G2ops
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Paul Millsap has a Blake Griffin poster on his wall.......FACT
ensign.devyn::Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball. has a poster of One Direction on his wall........FACT.
Soonerhopeful1::Wow...What a liar  This...  Ensign is...!   Claiming  Milsaps stats are better than Griffin... He is worse in every stat except   Blocks..  Assists   Milsap with 2.5 and Griffin 3.6..      Too bad we are not in Vegas.. Ensign would be walking home to Utah , penny less.
Soonerhopeful1::Sorry,,,, in the past doesn't work...And the stats have not changed in a week....Saying Milsaps stats are better than Griffin, is a lie now, and a lie last week, last month and last year...  I would venture to say.. Mr. Ensign also has been a liar for a long long time.             I ;think I hear your mommy calling...!
ensign.devyn::Stats haven't changed in a week? Okay then, lol.
Soonerhopeful1::What  a Liar  Ensign is....Milsap is averaging  1.3 steals this year, and Griffin at 1.5..   What is wrong with you Mr. Ensign... You must be an adolescent, adults don't lie this much.
ensign.devyn::I looked at the #'s about a week and a half ago. Looks like Millsap's had some cold steals games and Griffin has had some really good ones. That tipped it by .2. Cool stuff.
Rocinante1322::So you're saying that going by stats, Griffin might be a slightly better version of Millsap.   *clap, clap, clap*
ensign.devyn::Steals Millsap is higher. D he is better. And go look at their shot charts. Shoots a higher FT% too.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Typical Blake hater.  The only arguments they have against him are fake stats and outdated criticisms.
ensign.devyn::Okay, Millsap is better in every category other than assists and # of dunks. I'm fine with that.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Yeah, how convenient, leaving out that Blake is one of the best passing bigs in the league.
ensign.devyn::I missed assists. That's IT.
BarrelRider04::Nice job Clips, the sweep was dope. Go Clips!  And everyone else have fun getting trolled by ensign. He'll be on here for another.....5 hours or so..
ensign.devyn::I'm so glad you've posted my name about 8 times now.  Can't pay for this kind of publicity
Rocinante1322::One might say he's a bit obsessed.
A Drunk Monk::The difference between a Millsap and a Griffin:   Griffin has the star power to rejuvenate a franchise. If Millsap was placed in Griffin's situation- do you really think he could do the same for the Clipper organization?  And before you bring up the CP3 argument- YES CP3 is the best player on the Clippers, but Millsap is not individually talented/exciting enough to get Clip ownership to spend $$$ like Griffin is.
Rocinante1322::Cool story
ensign.devyn::I do. Because of CP3. That's a BIG part of Griffin's success and we all know it.  He has the potential to be great, we'll see if he gets there.
ensign.devyn::don't give me IFS. That's pathetic.
Rocinante1322::And the fact that Eric Gordon was often injured had nothing to do with them being a terrible team?   Good job making Ensign's point dumb dumb.
Rocinante1322::You have to forgive him.   Dumb dumb has trouble following threads of logic.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::That team wasn't as bad as their record.  They could have snuck into the playoffs if Eric Gordon wasn't constantly getting injured.
ensign.devyn::Not really. I posted that in meaning that Griffin was the star on a very bad team. What Bosh was on Toronto. That's not trolling, that's a simple fact. Do you disagree?
Rocinante1322::Sorry ensign.  If dumb dumb says it, it's gots to be true.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::LOL at comparing Griffin to a b.itch like Chris Bosh.  You have zero credibility now, troll.
ensign.devyn::Because he was the Chris Bosh of the Clippers.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::Griffin was the unanimous Rookie of the Year before CP3 showed up.  He averaged 22 and 12 before CP3 showed up.
OKC4LIFE87::Two out of three games Marvin Williams has ZERO points. They have got to get him out of the lineup and start Hayward.
OKC4LIFE87::And one of those games was against the poor Minnesota Timberwolves
Rocinante1322::Preaching to the choir my man.
Represent LAC. Passion. Dedication. Heart. Basketball.::LeBron James is the greatest of all time.
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::TOO BAD CLIPPERS AINT DEDICATED TO WINNING CHAMPIONSHIPS
