spookysnakys::18-26
flip.tide::Optimist Laker Fan: "The game against OKC will be close"  Laker Fan, realist: "Yes it will be close, the scores will be displayed SIDE BY SIDE ON THE SCREEN :("
Councilman Fred Ebberd::Hey remember that year Jordan, Shaq, Kareem, Bird, Hakeem, and Duncan had 3 HOF teammates and couldn't break .500?
flip.tide::cough* spit out coffee** what?  lol
NTrainham24::how hard do yall think phil is laughing at jim buss right niow
Mambaholic 33::Sounds good to me, not like they have a bunch of brain surgeons out there
NTrainham24::i say throw out the playbook and let them play street ball prolly have a better chance that way
NTrainham24::wait unless its 50% of the franchise
NTrainham24::no kidding we all knew this experiment was going to be a failure taking gasol and howard away from the key was going to fail but jim had to learn the hard way and now phil will never come bk no matter what they offer him
Mambaholic 33::Right, They would have give they entire organization at this point
Mambaholic 33::If his stock wasn't high enough already
climb171::Not complicated.  Defense and balanced scoring.  Everyone gets their touches.  Kobe sniffers need to figure that out.
Mambaholic 33::1+1 = 2 for most of us
Mambaholic 33::It all begins and ends with one guy...They got a taste of what it could be like last night. But betting on someone to change his stripes is a reach
climb171::Got it.  Im no Laker fan but if the attitudes and the work ethic gets right Lakers will compete in second half of this year.
Go Laker Nation::One last thing and I'm done....How the hell is Kobe supposed to guard the CP3s, Westbrooks, Parkers, Conleys, and Lawsons of the world and STILL provide enough firepower on offense needed for the Lakers to go the distance??   Don't give me this team defense....help defense....Howard clean it up B.S! You have to stop the point of attack so your team isnt playing catchup on D the whole game!  Trade Nash NOW
Mambaholic 33::He does what he always does...Switch!!
CaliforniaPurple::I wonder how many fast breaks will be triggered for OKC by Nash's turnovers or MWP and Jamison's quick threes with 15 seconds left on the shot clock?
The Apologist::or when Kobe goes 10-32. That will be 22 fast breaks for OKC there.
Afro Kobe::i cant wait for tomorrows game, okc @ lakers. should be a close one
Mambaholic 33::It's pretty simple, Kobrick continues to facilitate "not likely" and quit taken ridiculous shots that lead to fast breaks for the opposing team, gm should be close...If not OKC blow out!
The Apologist::Trust me it won't be close.
Coho08::It was close without Gasol and Nash
Afro Kobe::good point. lakers might blow them out
xmanfolife::Nash wasn't brought n to b a defensive stopper.....
CaliforniaPurple::What?!! EVERYBODY has to be expected to play D! Popovich doesn't give Duncan or anyone else a pass on Defense. You don't play D, you can't play for him.
xmanfolife::We don't have Pop or Phil as a coach.....
Go Laker Nation::I know! That's why I never wanted him. I need somebody who can guard somebody somewhat though, dude!
The Apologist::He was brought in to pass the ball to Kobe
Baltimorer123::Nash has defensive deficiencies, but he gives it his absolute all on that end of the court.  It's difficult for a team to win a ring when a point guard isn't a great defender, but it's impossible to win a ring when everyone on the team isn't giving the team their best self. If you want to figure out why the lakers are so terrible on defense, look at the guys who aren't focusing on being in the right place, making the smart rotations, forcing a guy one direction because that's where the help is supposed to be, or not being in a position to help when that's what the scheme calls for.
CaliforniaPurple::Yeah a lot of it is Dantoni doesn't prepare them or make them watch film on what the opposing team does and they don't even have a strategy against pick and rolls. Bad defense is on coaching mostly
The Apologist::"Kobe is not that good on defense" -- James Worthy
xmanfolife::Worthy doesn't like the fact that Kobe gambles too much on D.....
Go Laker Nation::Big Game James probably won't really say what he thinks about Nash on D.  Kids are watching hahaha
CaliforniaPurple::9 times 1st team All Defense.
Coho08::And MJ was not a better defender than Pippen yet who got the accolades?
The Apologist::5 of which were gifted because of his reputation and not for his actual defense.
Go Laker Nation::Look...I like Steve Nash. He's a nice guy. He has nice dimes. Good shot. Cool haircut etc...  BUT he has never played anything that resembled defense his ENTIRE career and he is NOT, nor has he ever been, a championship level NBA point guard.  Opposing PGs look at him like Steak with the A1 sauce when they see him in front of them.  Sad, but true.
Mambaholic 33::There's no defense for horrible shot selections that lead directly to easy buckets going the other way...Kobrick passed and didn't take those last gm, hence the other team didn't score as much, better defense!
xmanfolife::Kobe can still turn it on n spurts....gotta remember the mileage on Kobe.  He's been ballin; since he was 17yrs old.  It's amazing he can still keep anything n front of him let alone run cross court to steal a pass for dunk.
Go Laker Nation::thank you  he can still play SOME defense....Nash never does....never has
The Apologist::I think Steve Nash is a better defender than Kobe right now.
Go Laker Nation::yeah like never win rings and guard people....both connected
The Apologist::Kobe gambles a lot and doesn't stick to his man on defense. He is constantly getting burned by mediocre players. At least Nash does everything Kobe doesn't.
The Apologist::you should watch Lakers games more objectively. you will see things in Kobe's game you have never seen before.
SamFuld246810::I don't like Kobe but I'm not a hater either.. he's for sure better than nash
Go Laker Nation::of COURSE you do ! hahaha
The Apologist::Kobe is no better. Ask Danny Green and Dion Waiters.
CaliforniaPurple::Kobe is Jennings idol growing up.
SamFuld246810::Now thats true
SamFuld246810::it was hilarious after the Bucks game when Jennings said all that about Kobe's D.. people on these boards acted like he could do that every game and it have no affect on his offensive game
Go Laker Nation::Kobe will be 60 years old and able to play better d than Nash does at this moment lol
SamFuld246810::Westbrook on Sunday is going to run circles around the Lakers
xmanfolife::Guess Sam doesn't understand that Westbrook runs circles around everyone.....
SamFuld246810::I was about to say.. but he does everyone, dude
Go Laker Nation::Well I could have told you that, dude
Tom_Lipovski::WHY DIDN'T ANY OF YOU VOTE STEVE BLAKE FOR ALLSTAR? HE AND WALTON WERE THE BEST 1-2 COMBO IN DA LEAGUE. IT'S TOO BAD THEIR FUED GOT LUKE TRADED!!!
xmanfolife::Should b banned for even mentioning Walton let alone Steve Blake.......I actually like Duhon over Blake right now.
SamFuld246810::amen
xmanfolife::Kobe can dish the ball whenever he wants to.......nice when other folks r making their shots.
Baltimorer123::Except that's not really true. Every 7 or 8 games, Kobe plays 48 minutes where he does something other than score better than anyone else in the league. Last night, it was as a playmaker (in which "play" is not simply creating shots for himself).  7 games ago, he played what Brandon Jennings called "the best defense anyone has ever played on me." Heck, he holds the record for most threes made in a game because a reporter said he wasn't an elite three point shooter in pre-game!
xmanfolife::Not really......he's a scorer, pure &amp; simple.  His game isn't like Magic where he makes everyone better.  He is what he is.....done him a lot more good than others w/ a scoring stature.
Mambaholic 33::He's basketball player num-nuts, like last night as the leader or so called best player-superstar you make thinks happen, Don't give sg excuse bs...Lebron's a forward and does what every it takes period. Thats what real great players do...Especially if you every played the freak'en gm and won anything It's called sacrificing for the great good!!!
xmanfolife::Not his job......he's a shooting guard...not point guard.  Point guard is not strength.....finishing is.  He has playmaking ability no doubt.....but he's still not a point guard.
SamFuld246810::but he wont.. even to make the team better
CaliforniaPurple::Actually Kobe has ALL the ability to be an excellent PG and he should become more of that this stage of his career
SamFuld246810::if he would have played for the Hornets he'd be just another guy. The Lakers get who they want and surrounded him with great teams. Not a knock on Kobe but true
HeatManZE.....::than why do he say he can pass if he wants ..if thats not his game ?
CaliforniaPurple::Nash is the only good 3 pt shooter on the team. He needs to play more of a John Paxson/ BJ Armstrong role and be a 3 pt weapon and let Kobe create shots for everybody
xmanfolife::Good point...
CaliforniaPurple::Nash has to change just like Kobe does
xmanfolife::Nash is 38yrs old &amp; he's not about to b a John Paxson/Steve Kerr guy......he's better w/ the ball n his hand.
HeatManZE.....::why does he typically take 25 shots?
SamFuld246810::thats what makes it worse.. he can and chooses not to
Go Laker Nation::They don't play defense in Canada
The Apologist::and in some parts of Philadelphia and Italy.
xo_da_legend::Try reading this. Even shaq say Jerry Buss wanted him gone.. .not Kobe http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shaq%E2%80%93Kobe_feud
xmanfolife::That's not a crime....
Mambaholic 33::Just allot of wins and additional championships that should have been won
xmanfolife::Damn, did he steal your lunch money or something?
Mambaholic 33::Neither is being horrible team mate and low life
SamFuld246810::sadly
xmanfolife::If anybody was paying attention back then...n a pre-season game after Shaq scored a big bucket he mouthed off to Buss about paying him his money in which Buss obviously didn't appreciate being called out by his star player n such a public manner....Shaq sealed his own fate.
Mambaholic 33::Shaq just another victim among long list of great players that continue to disappear under Kobrick's leadership....
SamFuld246810::Shaq never cared to stay in shape.. Kobe makes 30 million a year for an 18-25 team
SamFuld246810::yes because it came to Kobe OR Shaq
xo_da_legend::I also read Phil's book and it eluded to this. Shaq was out of shape and wanted $30m  a year. Buss said hell no. end of story
SamFuld246810::I'm not reading something from wikipedia as fact.. anyone can edit those
xo_da_legend::try reading first. it helps
xmanfolife::Gasol was finally aggressive out there...wish he was every night.  His main problem is on D.....he doesn't guard the paint as much as he did a few yrs ago.
nylee64::LOL @ Kobe &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Magic.   Too much comedy
Coho08::I still don't think it's true but you can no longer say it's laughable........
The Apologist::Magic is top-5 of all-time. Kobe is top-20.
xo_da_legend::Fact... no MVP for shaq until Kobe arrived. I venture to say Kobe made him better. Fact... no Ring for shaq until Kobe became a starter.
HeatManZE.....::no robert horry ..no rings
HeatManZE.....::with pau he did
Mambaholic 33::Horry 7....greatest of all time!!!
CaliforniaPurple::without
CaliforniaPurple::Kobe won 2 with Shaq or Horry
Mambaholic 33::No Phil...No rings
Mambaholic 33::And your taking shot at Shaq who was the "BEAST" and the reason they won those 3 and another for Wade "FACT"
Coho08::HA HA you are also taking a shot at Jordan .....no Phil no rings
xmanfolife::Good point.
SamFuld246810::Kobe made him so much better he ran him out of town
SamFuld246810::Kobe can't win without Phil ;)
CaliforniaPurple::Had to. Otherwise haters like you would hang onto the "Kobe can't win without Shaq" argument forever
The Apologist::vman606 - duncan? shaq? bird? lol...   there's no hope with dope, son.  =====  Duncan= 3 finals mvps, 2 mvps Shaq= 3 finals mvps, 1 mvp  Bird=  2 finals mvps, 3 mvps
vman606::lol at awards that need to be voted on!
SamFuld246810::vman gets mad when you post something and then gets mad we don't take his as fact
Fusion targets::You don't have to repeat what he wrote in his post. We can look up and see what you're responding to. Freaking annoying
vman606::The Apologist - Kobe= 1 mvp, 2 finals mvps. Sorry, Kobe is not top-10 with that.  according to who -- YOU??? haha.
The Apologist::Kobe= 1 mvp, 2 finals mvps. Sorry, Kobe is not top-10 with that.
SamFuld246810::like.. All star games?
SamFuld246810::we're on a Laker board.. We disagree they get upset and call us stupid
Mambaholic 33::TOP LAKERS ALL TIME: WILT MAGIC SHAQ KAREEM  WEST PHIL CHICK
vman606::"if you don't treat my biased OPINION as fact, then you are a kobe fanboy and jock rider. waaaaaaaah!"  -laker haters
SamFuld246810::says the guy who is upset we don't take your opinion as fact? get over it people disagree
SamFuld246810::neither did we
vman606::never asked anyone to view my opinion as fact.
Councilman Fred Ebberd::1. Jordan 2. Kareem 3. Magic 4. Russel  5. Wilt 6. Bird 7. Oscar 8. Hakeem 9. Shaq 10. Duncan
desmond240::kobe is ahead of shaq by the people who have a vote, pity your won't count
Coho08::If your putting Oscar above Kobe than you are strictly basing that on numbers alone. That being said, with your logic Jordan shouldn't be withing sniffing distance of Wilt.  No way Duncan is higher than Kobe, Bryant has owned the Spurs and this was especially true during the Shaq era. Love Hakeem but again, no way
SamFuld246810::Duncan is a big man Kobe is a guard. How does that matter head to head?
CaliforniaPurple::Any top 10 without Kobe in there is VOID.
Go Laker Nation::Magic already said Kobe was the best Laker ever  BOOM!!!
Go Laker Nation::I'm not going to say yes on playoffs  Probably yeah on the other one ONLY b/c of age (non-clutch time)
SamFuld246810::He also said Lebron is better and the lakers won't make the playoffs. Agree?
The Apologist::Nice list.
vman606::duncan? shaq? bird? lol...   there's no hope with dope, son.
SamFuld246810::so I'm wrong based on your opinion.. and you are on mine. Whats the difference?
vman606::SamFuld246810 - Bird and Shaq were both better in their primes. Kobe doesn't make people better on his team. Duncan is someone to argue about  wrong, as usual.
SamFuld246810::Bird and Shaq were both better in their primes. Kobe doesn't make people better on his team. Duncan is someone to argue about
HeatManZE.....::wait toy made lakers fans upset not adding kobe
nylee64::I didn't realize Kobe is the 2nd greatest player of all time after last night performance I was told by a die hard Lakers fan.  Learn something new everyday
JAMEZ709::Too bad OKC is already in town. Enjoy that win while you can.
Baltimorer123::Nash can't play D?  That's such a blanket statement.  He's a fantastic team defender, contrary to popular belief, he's really good at keeping point guards in front of him.  He doesn't the physicality or length to keep guards from rising up and scoring over him, but this is why a 5 on 5 game is more interesting than a 1 on 1 game.    When people say "Nash can't play D" what they mean is "I don't have the ability to analyze half of a basketball game".  Nash has deficiencies on the defensive end of the court, but I've hardly ever heard someone say "Player X can't play offense."  Nash on D is like most guys on O: most players can't create their own shot or be legit playmakers, but they can and do contribute a lot, nevertheless.
Go Laker Nation::Hilarious dude, just hilarious lol  Way to make it more mean less than it actually does haha  No team has EVER won a ring w/ a PG who played zero D like Nash...never. He flat out can't guard people. Screw all the helping stuff...we're trying to win a ring. Man up and stick somebody! Wait he can't
Go Laker Nation::Bring em!!!  Hahaha  Put Kobe on Westbrook again b.c Nash can't play D  Saaaweeeeeeet!! lol
Go Laker Nation::Nobody...just like he ALWAYS does hahaha
HeatManZE.....::who will nash cover than? lol
Baltimorer123::Is anyone gonna comment on how much better Pau has looked anchoring the second unit? He gets some confidence being the focal point of the offense for a bit, gets the juices flowing, and ends up finishing the game with the starting unit.  Plus, Earl Clark gets to run around with Nash, Kobe, World, and Dwight, where he can be most effective.   Or are we all still stuck on the idea that Mike D'Antoni is the only coach ever who can't get two seven footers - one who can't dribble and the other who can't dunk - just because Skip Bayless says so?
CaliforniaPurple::Who is Skip Bayless?
HeatManZE.....::it only took 16 years for kobe to finally learn to pass and play his greatest game ever
vman606::yes, for the guy who leads all SGs in NBA history in postseason assists.
HeatManZE.....::whats the avg?
vman606::but if he NEVER passes, why would it matter how long he has played???
HeatManZE.....::playing 16 1/2 season ..i would hope so
SamFuld246810::thats because he's played in so many post season games
Mambaholic 33::16 1/2
nylee64::The Lakers win a game last night and Lakers Nation don't know how to act talking about Kobe is the 2nd greatest player of all time.  Relax it's not that serious.  Shout out to the Lakers fan that know that there is constant work to do.
SamFuld246810::I like Laker fans.. not Kobe fans
SamFuld246810::Whats a lie? I get on here and talk to laker fans when the Lakers lose.. because all the fake fans dont get onhere
CaliforniaPurple::That's a lie
Councilman Fred Ebberd::Kobe isn't top 10 all time, end of story
CaliforniaPurple::Why, because YOU said so? LOL
Coho08::He's no worse than 8 right now, nothing you can do about that
Councilman Fred Ebberd::yes he's much worse than 8
Go Laker Nation::I'm going to respond saying this does not need to be resonded to its so dumb haha
vman606::Councilman Fred Ebberd - however it helps you to deal with it  keep telling yourself that. who knows? someday even YOU might believe it.
Councilman Fred Ebberd::however it helps you to deal with it
vman606::Councilman Fred Ebberd - its true, learn to live with it  your opinion is NOT fact. sorry... feel free to express it though.
Councilman Fred Ebberd::its true, learn to live with it
The Apologist::He needs to win 1 more MVP to be in that exclusive list
Coho08::Not true....wonder who you have in the top ten. Just curious
CaliforniaPurple::MVP's are irrelevant buddy
The Apologist::After they lose to OKC on Sunday, Lakers will be 18-26. Which means they will need to go 30-8 to make the playoffs. In other words, Lakers are not making the playoffs this season. It's too late.
CaliforniaPurple::At some point they would have to put together a 7 or 8 game win streak but it is still possible. The 8 seed will have a record close to .500 this year
vman606::can i get some stock tips? oh, and is hilary running for president in 2016?
Fusion targets::Figures you're some smug European that thinks they are so enlightened. You have never lived in the US but since you watch the news you are an expert
desmond240::living in Singapore at the moment, born in the uk and have live in australia
Fusion targets::Of course desmond240 won't even mention what S.hithole he lives in
desmond240::some idiots walks into a school and kill innocent kids, and you people go out the next day and record the highest sales in gun throughout the whole of america. and you idiots without a job talk about constitution
SamFuld246810::I don't like automatic guns being so easy to get.. but you have to let people own guns it's in the Constitution (not that Obama cares)
desmond240::don't like ghettos and i hate guns
vman606::they are only 4 games out with 39 left to go. MIN, HOU and POR (like the lakers) have not been playing well of late.
Fusion targets::desmond240 is probably from France
The Apologist::I am speaking mathematically. The numbers are not on their side. Can Palin be the president in 2016? sure. Can the Lakers make the playoffs this year? sure...however, all of those occurrences are most likely not going to happen.
SamFuld246810::so you're not from America?
desmond240::why not it not like you people deserve any better
SamFuld246810::lets hope not
The0087Club::Boy, after last night, could tomorrow be a last stand for the Lakers keeping both Gasol and Howard? If they win, do they keep both going forward? That's a tough call
Go Laker Nation::Not many players can do Nash's job and Defense and still drop around 30 a game most nights at that age.  Kobe is the man. Everybody get off his nuts. Let the 2nd best player of all time breath
NBCOLLEGE::the fact is bird didnt stay healthy and thats part of the reason hes not better than kobe...
Councilman Fred Ebberd::Yeah let Magic Johnson breathe guys!
SamFuld246810::hes not the second best of all time.. top 5 maybe. scoring a lot of points doesn't make you second best. He's played longer than Magic, Bird, and many others which is why his points are so high
Go Laker Nation::If grandma had balls she'd be grandpa
SamFuld246810::you're a laker fan.. you think Lakers are just great. Wilt, Kareem, Bird, Magic, MJ are all better. Even Duncan isn't far off. How do you think Kobe's career would have played out with the Hornets instead of the franchise that pretty much gets who they want?
Go Laker Nation::Dude, the book closed on that before this year. Bird was awesome...but he was not pound for pound better than KB. Its cool though, we don't agree.
SamFuld246810::I am being real. There are many guys who if they stayed healthy could have scored as many points as Kobe if they played as long. This year shows he doesn't make his teammates better. That counts for something to me
Go Laker Nation::no, Bird was a great player...but Kobe is/was better man  not hating on bird...lets be real though
SamFuld246810::I forgot.. if you're not a Laker you suck
SamFuld246810::A joke? Bird was better all around. He didn't play as long.
Councilman Fred Ebberd::Bird is much better, he averaged a double double for his career for one
Go Laker Nation::Saying Bird was better is a sick joke.   I loved Magic, but no way jose
The0087Club::Realistically, the Lakers need to go 26-13 to get to 44 wins, which may be the total they need to get into the playoffs. The team they will probably be competing for the last spot is Houston. Utah is play 15 out of the next 19 at home I believe, so their record will be a little bit better from this point. Thoughts anyone
CaliforniaPurple::They are only 3 games out. It's possible because the teams that hold the current 7 and 8 spots are inconsistent and prone to 5 game losing streaks.
SamFuld246810::trade dwight before he walks
Go Laker Nation::Metta World Peace just needs to beat the $h!t of out Dwight Howard to set him straight.  Word up
The Apologist::Wouldn't matter. Lakers will still not make the playoffs.
vman606::hilarious how people think they can predict the future.
vman606::1989 called. it wants its slang back.
Go Laker Nation::Take a #
vman606::i still want to see ebanks get some minutes with the second unit, particularly for defensive purposes.
LAndOfTroyfan1::For less..
LAndOfTroyfan1::They spent too much time on trying to get Howard they forgot about the bench, getting Nash was okay but for a 1st I don't know they should went after Jack...or someone young...Kyle Lowry?
desmond240::getting nash  wasn't ok
Baltimorer123::They didn't forget about the bench, they just didn't have the time or resources to build an entire team in an offseason.  The Dwight Howard trade was very complex - people don't realize how difficult it is to orchestrate multiple-team trades, especially for a guy regarded as the best center in basketball - and they made a couple of bad signings in Antwon Jamison and (to a lesser extent) Jodie Meeks.  I have no idea why they didn't go after Grant Hill with everything they had, or why they didn't offer Barbosa a contract.  But they didn't forget about the bench.
LAndOfTroyfan1::Mike's rotations are so terrible.
vman606::at least he got meeks back in there last night. hope that continues.
SamFuld246810::jim buss is terrible
CaliforniaPurple::Kobe and Nash should switch roles and Kobe be more of the PG and facilitator. You have to double Kobe everytime he drives the lane at will and Nash will get many open 3's which would be a huge weapon since he's a lethal shooter. Nash is older now and is easier to trap on those pick and rolls which lead to turnovers  but Kobe is impossible to trap because of his size and ability. Plus, Dwight and Pau will get many more layup and dunks. Kobe must cut down on 3 pointer and long shots and continuously drive the lane and pick and roll with the bigs. It will be hard to stop if he continues the way he played against Utah last night.
DTOWNWAYNE::Good point.. Lakers need to learn to work with both situations and take advantage of Kobe handling the ball when possible.. But Steve still needs to orchestrate the team.
xo_da_legend::Steve Nash is no longer an ELITE point guard. Period.
vman606::he is still very good and needs the ball in his hands a lot.
SamFuld246810::he's played the same way for 17 years and 1 game makes people think he's going to change?
vman606::not even close to being the same situation. even at 39, nash is 10 times the passer that any of those guys were.
CaliforniaPurple::Paxson, Steve Kerr, and BJ Armstrong were all true PG's who had to become spot up shooters playing with MJ. This is the same situation
vman606::it's not going to be that cut and dry. nash is still the PG of this team. he is not going to turn into a ray allen type of player. there will be times that kobe handles the ball, though.
SamFuld246810::it's not the first time he's done that. He's Kobe and always will be.. a shooter
CaliforniaPurple::Just saying he DOES have the ability and smarts to play point if he wanted to and that's what the team needs him to do. Maybe after last night he finally realizes that.
xo_da_legend::Kobe spent most of his career being the closest thing to Mike. I think he should spend the rest of his career being the closest thing to Magic
xo_da_legend::Magic was no where near as athletic as LBJ. Could be more of a magic now because of how much athleticism he's lost.
SamFuld246810::not that long ago.. same with lebron.. they both are still elite athletes
xo_da_legend::He's lost a hell of a lot. But he makes up for it with amazing footwork. When was the last time you jumped up because Kobe did some amazing finish at the rim.
SamFuld246810::he hasn't lost that much
SamFuld246810::the closest thing to Magic is Lebron.. and Kobe is going to try to score
The Apologist::or Rondo
whoisnext11::I could really have 7 Rings by now but ....hmmm you be the judge!  -Kobe
SamFuld246810::considering the Kings got screwed by the refs he really should have 4
LAndOfTroyfan1::Kobe needs to quit gambling so much on D...help on the boards and his points will come.
LAndOfTroyfan1::Lol.
whoisnext11::are you telling me how to play ball? how many Rings you have?  -Kobe
The Apologist::Kobe plays his best when he plays like Rondo, like last night. He must be studying Rondo's videos on how to have an overall impact on the game without scoring.(You are never too old to learn, Kobe.) But let's see how long this will last.
Marc McLean_5936::Duncan and Kobe are both great players and future Hall of Famers.  People debate over such nonsense...
desmond240::duncan was voted second behind kobe, as player of the decade
xo_da_legend::I think even shaq said that Kobe deserved that last Finals MVP
desmond240::shaq wasn't the one doing the heavy lifting during the western conference finals, kobe was and still is where is shaq now
SamFuld246810::Shaq was the finals mvp for the first 3
xo_da_legend::LMAO... how many teams was rob horry a starter on when he won 7 rings?
desmond240::because you have won anything , how would you know what its like , kobe has five rings and has earn all of them
Fusion targets::It makes sense... I mean Robert Horry has 7 so he has to be better than Kobe and even Jordan  - Laker fan logic
SamFuld246810::rings are a team thing.. I hate when people say Kobe won 5 rings
desmond240::kobe five ring lead his country to gold medal in 08, when other only won bronze
The Apologist::Duncan- 3 Finals mvps and 2 mvps &gt; Kobe- 2 finals mvps and 1 mvp
The Apologist::Shaq, Duncan and Lebron
SamFuld246810::1 game
SamFuld246810::Duncan
desmond240::what are you even talking about , who has had a better career than kobe over the last decade and more
The Apologist::Historically you are right. Kobe does regress back to being himself. But I hope he is changed though.
whoisnext11::2000    2001     2002  2009  2010    All the Years I won my Rings!   .Feels good to be me! -Kobe
Fusion targets::00-02 Thanks Shaq!  - Kobe
SamFuld246810::he won in Miami.. that was on Shaq not Kobe. He never cared to stay in great shape
desmond240::after kobe , shaq went down hill very fast
LAdraftedKOBEandSHAQuTROLL::LAKERS SUCK HEAT R THE BOMB HEAT WIN THEIR 3RD RING THIS YEAR. IM OUT F@GG0T @ZZ KOBE BLOWERS
xo_da_legend::One of the major things that played out last night: Nash hasn't been a scoring threat when he has the ball (most of the time) because of that, he doesn't relieve the pressure on the other players. When Kobe is playing Point (facilitator) hes a scoring threat as well. That opens up the other guys. However, this means that Nash MUST score to make up for the points kobe will be passing up.
xo_da_legend::If meta is making 5/9 3s and Steve nash is scoring, dwight is scoring... and they're playing great defense... he wont have to be a hero.
xo_da_legend::Nope... they won 3 or four games while Nash was out and Kobe was running point. He has a triple double this year because of it.
SamFuld246810::too late for that.. burned the Phil bridge
desmond240::they made shots and it happened, watching nash play , tell me know that this team would be better with nash in the triangle
SamFuld246810::thats happend.. once all year?
vman606::kobe was in "triple threat" position a lot last night, and the jazz were forced to pick their poison. when he had the ball he could either pass, shoot or drive.
xo_da_legend::YES. and he was in the post ALOT. which was a major staple under Phil Jackson. If anyone has adjusted... its D'Antoni.
SamFuld246810::Kobe won't pass up points for long. Wait until Sunday when hero ball returns
desmond240::great point nash needs to do more and even more because he sucks on defence
LAndOfTroyfan1::If Kobe can continue to thrive on all aspects of the game and not just scoring, along with Gasol and Howard playing agressive on the court at the same time the Lakers can turn it around ....how far will they get is the question.
LAndOfTroyfan1::Maybe so.....they better get some shovels cause they are in deep $h!t..
LAdraftedKOBEandSHAQuTROLL::a game under.500
whoisnext11::I am the Greatest ....You are Witnessing  History... right before your eyes.!     I will be Honored as the best ever to do it!       Salute to Laker Nation!  -Kobe!
Go Laker Nation::So...here's the question I'm interested him.  How much of Dwight not being "Dwight" is...  -Him not being healed from back surgery? -Him not playing hard b/c he's a b!tch? -Him being overrated to begin with b/c he played in a weak eastern conference w/ no bigmen all those years?  Hmmmmmm?????
Baltimorer123::Dude is out of shape.  He played 3 energetic minutes to open the game last night and was panting like a min pin puppy chasing a squirrel around the backyard.  To me, this is so hard to fathom. How do you practice every day with Kobe and Nash, very possibly the two hardest, most maniacal workers in the entire league - who by the way are an average of 9 years older than Dwight - and not feel compelled to get yourself into game shape?
Go Laker Nation::b/c of #2
Baltimorer123::To me, he looks really out of shape. Even the other night, when he played well in the first quarter, after 3 minutes he was panting like a min pin chasing a rabbit.  This is something I don't understand.  How can you practice every day with Kobe Bryant and Steve Nash, quite possibly the 2 most maniacal, hard working guys in the entire league, and not feel compelled to push yourself to get into game shape?
Go Laker Nation::b/c of # 2
Major Factuh::a bit of all three
SamFuld246810::there is no big men in either conference anymore.. but I'd go with he didn't want to play with Kobe from the start.. and he's a baby
SamFuld246810::a little bit of 1.. he doesn't look the same.. but yes 2
Go Laker Nation::So the second one...
whoisnext11::vman606 funny how people on here compare making the playoffs in the east to making them in the west. the depth in the east is a MFing joke.... jordan's bulls once made the playoffs with a 30-52 record. can't do that in the west.... EVER.  =======  I try to tell these F*CK BOYz Im the Greatest  -Kobe
vman606::ooh, i have a stalker. it's not the first time.
SamFuld246810::forgive him.. he doesn't know anything about basketball so he steals other peoples posts
LAdraftedKOBEandSHAQuTROLL::ur grand ma again?
SamFuld246810::what are f*ck boyz? for us educated folk
NASH_10::Give Kobe credit. In a moment of desperation, he put aside the quest for scoring champ and turned into Steve Nash. Just as I suggested, they need to feed the Big Dawg FIRST, in the low post, and begin with easy points. This in turn, gives him energy to continue to play the hustle defense we need from him. Once the defense becomes concerned about covering those alley-oops, shooters will be freed to take wide open shots. Hell I became a scorer last night!
Baltimorer123::He'll be happy averaging 14 points to go with 14 assists.  If you think Kobe is motivated by his own stat line, then it's obviously going to be a huge motivator for him to be the first player in 30 years to have led the league in scoring and assists in separate seasons. This almost definitely won't happen, but if you're going to evaluate Kobe based solely on stats, at least look at all of them. Don't cherry pick points and leave out other stuff just to support the idea that Kobe wants to get his.
NASH_10::I scored 15 points last night. A portion of the victory can be attributed to the surprise factor (Utah never facing me as a scorer/decoy, while Kobe as a passer). But either way, coach hasn't been using me the way we did in AZ, cuz the personnel here is different. If we keep this up, teams will continue to be unprepared for this new look Lakers, giving us an advantage. Either way, it's all about the wins at this point. It's no longer about getting 2 wins for every loss. We have to go on a serious run, else the season is lost.
NASH_10::good point Sammy. I thought about that myself this morning. Kobe has an interesting choice to make: do I continue my quest for a scoring title(which he should have gotten last year), on a squad that is currently out of the playoffs - OR - do I turn myself into Magic Johnson, in the hopes we will not only make a historic run to ENTER the playoffs, but to get to the Western Conference finals...
desmond240::so what did we get nash to do , get carried by kobe
JoweyPR::as you suggest? HA!
SamFuld246810::one game.. Kobe wont be happy scoring 14 every  game
Give a kid a hammer and everything needs pounding::To understand Kobe...he's a narcissist.  He refused to play for Charlotte to play for a high profile team and coattail.  Then, he ran off Shaq.  And, he's been pressuring the front office to trade picks for more older players.  Why?  Kobe doesn't want to share the spotlight.  He''s put up 120 more shots than anyone else in the league this year, but is 140th in FG%, 25th among guards. Why shoot so much?  He was pursuing the scoring title.  So he decided to pass the ball for one game.  But make no mistake Kobe is a narcissist...he was never and never will be a team player because he can't stand to have equal or better players around him.
LAdraftedKOBEandSHAQuTROLL::no but they r the truth
vman606::your "facts" are not even close to being in the same vicinity as the truth.
vman606::me thinks that kid hammered the hell out of your skull. you know nothing about sports.
Give a kid a hammer and everything needs pounding::Sorry to pop your bubble but your hero is a snake.  Just ask him.
The Apologist::Just this season alone, Lakers are 7-1 or .875 winning % when Kobe takes 15 or fewer shots. Just sayin'!!
xo_da_legend::When Kobe takes fewer shots, it means the other guys are making them. Not vice-versa. ... ijs.  He typically takes 7+ shots in the 4th. If the Lakers are shooting well.... he doesnt have to take those shots.
xo_da_legend::And those are typically the highly contested shots... because he's trying to win the game and make up for the other guys.
vman606::very true. well said.
