Titans_ are_ Oilers::&lt;7&gt;$@%!
Titans_ are_ Oilers::yhu
Titans_ are_ Oilers::
kevingg777::The Suns are now a cornball franchise.
luvnbayes::To every Sun fan who thought getting rid of Steve Nash was a good idea:  look at the mess now.  And as I watched the Spurs dismantle them last night, what struck me most of all was that the arena was 2/3rds empty.
TlanImass::kawhi is a stud. Glad the Spurs drafted him.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::RC Buford is the best GM in the NBA.  Popovich is the best coach.
mksatx::Buford is an vice pres or something.  Pop is the general manager
yawle7::I'm sure glad the coaching change made a huge difference for the Suns.... The whole franchise is a JOKE!!!
masongates87::What is with the albino talk? did I miss something?
nba is the worst::He's a guy that constantly reposts his complaints about the '07 Suns-Spurs playoff series
FeFyeFoeRun::another cry baby only not as pathetic as your ridiculous obssesed paranoid rants about the Heat!
ALBERT2567::SPURS #1 IN THE NBA........#THE BEST
nba is the worst::Well done Spurs - can't do better than #1 in the league!
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>NOBODY is beating the Heat in a 7 game series! Especially the nonathletic spurs!</b>
swawakening::Really? Tell us more about what your Magic 8-Ball said about the future.
Ivanov21::Legend has it that Lindsey Hunter is still staring down Michael Beasley for that air-ball against Boston !  http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=wmri0QZYKks
Nerissa2525::Great way to end the rodeo trip
grizzsuckin4thquarter::beating the Suns and their whiny fans like albino boy....PRICELESS.
surfer5153::I wish Kawhi was at SDSU for his senior year right now, we would be unstoppable!
ncjcrsu::The Spurs are playing amazing, and Popovich should be on-par for another Coach of the Year Award, but you have to admit that LeBron deserves the MVP over Tony Parker.
videoguy0314::can't believe "Thunderstruck" wasn't nominated for Best Picture. biggest snub of the night.
OmniVersal::Yu Mo Gui Gwai Fie Di Jow!
MijoMartinez::Jackie!
arizonasportsman::Blazers back to challenging Lakers for 9th seed ;)
8486Chase::Still unbeaten in our new uniforms :)
luckyzac00::patty has got to be getting more time than de colo.  just doesn't seem to contribute as much as patty when he gets given the opportunity.  would love to have seen baynes get some more time as well.  get him ready for some minutes in the playoffs.
Mastadon-person::agreed lucky. Mills should be back up point guard. As for the 2 and 3 I would say go with whoever is hot
luckyzac00::how do you figure, pretty ordinary game numbers wise for de colo today.
CU11mdupnic::patty is just more of a 2 guard, different strengths and different weaknesses
texican_10::I agree, but Baynes is not going to see any playing time in the playoffs
luckyzac00::would be good to get another big guy in there to beat up some teams when TD and SPLITTER are foul trouble/tired.  think he would be more valuable than blair.
CU11mdupnic::de colo is just a better point guard, thats why he gets the minutes
8486Chase::Like if you hate the Redskins(I dont know why i posted this) :(
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Hail To The Redskins!!!!
TWex2120::Love my Skins. Hall is annoying as hell though.
doxiefanatic::They prefer 'Native Americans'.
8486Chase::Oh. Ok, I just hate them because of this play  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJmAmDai8Zo
manoocena::Spurs got so much Swag.
grizzsuckin4thquarter::franchise record 63 wins is in jeopardy
okc_gambler::Spurs are soft
Nerissa2525::Top seed and top 5 in defense efficiency
BexyIndy55::"We"? Lmfao.  "You" don't do anything but sit around watching sports bloopers and get hammered.
texican_10::Harden plays for Rockets
8486Chase::You don't want to go into the At&amp;t Center come playoff time. You won't make it out alive
AustinBeal::Thunder fans are scared
okc_gambler::Scared of what? We will run circles around you guys
CU11mdupnic::apparently you can have a top 5 defense and still be soft
thedrwolff::two games in a row with the brutal offense.  Good thing we played phoenix.
8486Chase::No big deal
dantex56::thank god the rodeo's over, time to get some rest and whoop our home opponents. GSG
8486Chase::Sigh, at least the Talons dont do this :)
AustinBeal::you realize that theres a rodeo going on at the at&amp;t center right? it goes on for like 3 weeks so the Spurs have to leave, and it makes a ton of money for the City.
CU11mdupnic::it was part of the agreement when they built the att center, so no
8486Chase::Can they just move it to the Alamodome
8486Chase::Darn it
8486Chase::Yeah, but it's too long. We could have a 12 game homestand  if they would cancel it
CU11mdupnic::they cant cancel it
8486Chase::Next year, No rodeo road trip, please
Nerissa2525::They always have a winning record
Carlos8946::I think they kind of benefit the spurs
ATL_____UptonUptonAndHeyward_____ATL::someone help me out, what's wrong with Albinos
8486Chase::oh they will be fine alright... When RG3 is running for his life(if he returns)
TWex2120::Hes a stupid troll that claims to be a Suns fan from 2007. he posts the same thing every game.
8486Chase::I understand there. The Skins almost cost me my life, that's all
TWex2120::Also in these threads im here for the Spurs. The team ive supported my whole life (same with Skins). Really dont care for trash talk. Skins had a nice season. Hope RG3 gets better and they improve. Not guaranteeing any "greatness" just hope for anothe fun season.
TWex2120::Skins will be just fine.
EarlFishburgerVIII::Lol, that dudes still alive? He looked sick from his profile pic. I seriously thought he had aids or cancer or something
8486Chase::Ah, another Redskins fan. Have fun going 0-16 next year
8486Chase::And anthoer stinkning Rodeo Road Trip is over!!!
drummerboyg1215::OK im out, good luck Spurs.
SPURSWARS::Poor albinos, how would you feel if you couldn't go outside or near a light bulb?
FORKWDEVIL::IM out. Good loss PHX!
SPURSWARS::Whining for Albinos!
drummerboyg1215::ALBINO JOKES. Funny as hell to everyone else EXCEPT the Albino
PurpleDrank361::Spurs and Heat in the Finals what do you all think about that?
Carlos8946::I think me and you should drink some sizzurp while that happens.
Daryl in San Antonio::last team Heat wants to face
PurpleDrank361::It's the best competitive series I can see. I mean Clippers got crushed by both Heat and Spurs, we already know what the Heat can do to the Thunder which leaves the Grizzlies and they are going to miss Gay a lot in the playoffs.
Primetimepicksfollowme::All of you are pathetic losers. Go get laid. I have an albino friend, try living in their shoes its not easy. Have a heart and if you wanna be a tough guy don't make fun of the weak, take on the strong. You fuucken pu.ssys.
TWex2120::Hes an annoying troll. We do what we want. GFY!
TWex2120::En garde!
Primetimepicksfollowme::Fight me
Encaladitos::A troll trying to be a hero.
drummerboyg1215::Ok Mom
SPURSWARS::Lol
KatelynFabersLawyer211::Suns, fans, I wanted you guys to get that lottery pick, but it looks like David $tern is gonna do whatever it takes to get the pathetic Laker$ into the playoffs, unfortunately.  Another blatant rig-job today on national TV. SMFH...
arizonasting13::Exactly. It sucks, now we end up with Miami's pick if they do make the playoffs. The Suns always get $@%!$@ over, Im used to it
KatelynFabersLawyer211::I can't watch the Laker$ anymore, bro. Watching them get bailed out by the ref$ EVERY game is bad for my health.
arizonasting13::Instead of teeth whitening strips, Albino man just peels off a little skin and places them on his teeth for 20 mins.
Hoeesayy::lol nice
TWex2120::lmfao!!!
SPURSWARS::If Albino Sun's fan was in the KKK, he wouldn't need a white sheet!
Daryl in San Antonio::white dunce cap
dallasmavs258::And a lot, and I mean A LOT of sunblock
SPURSWARS::The point hat is his head
dallasmavs258::He'd need a pointy hat though
texican_10::just a bday hat!
KatelynFabersLawyer211::Well, that sure was an ugly game, but you can't go wrong with a 7-and-2 road trip!
ShiloInn1985::C'mon Spurs. Beat the teams the Lakers are behind, not the ones that are behind them.  You know you want to..
Hoeesayy::I kinda miss the days back in the 2000s when the Suns/Spurs was a primetime game and always physical. They were always good games to watch.
dallasmavs258::I miss the days when we all had slaves
dallasmavs258::I'm just saying, if you're an albino why the hell would you put your picture as your avatar and then say dumb things
FORKWDEVIL::aspergers
Burt Harbinson::Good call, definitely on the autistic spectrum somehere
Primetimepicksfollowme::Lets all make fun of an albino person because all of your lives suck.  Haha losers.
TWex2120::Nope my skins looks fairly normal. Life is ok.
drummerboyg1215::@Primetime Dude go jack off or whatever you do Sunday nights
jack jackson.::judging by your name, you're a better, therefore should never judge anybody ever.
jack jackson.::Primetimepicksfollowme - Judging by you're spelling, you are an idiot. Its bettor *  Sorry that I don't know betting terminology through and through, maybe because I earn money like a real man.
Primetimepicksfollowme::Judging by you're spelling, you are an idiot. Its bettor *
dallasmavs258::This guys an albino too, BURN HIM
Encaladitos::says the guy that made this account today to troll with.
SPURSWARS::Albino Sun's fan is so white,he doesn't have a shadow.
FORKWDEVIL::good one....LOL
drummerboyg1215::Bash the Albino Time!!  Lets GO!! LOL
SPURSWARS::Albino's are living proof, God has a sense of humor!
arizonasting13::I thought that's what Snooki was for
TWex2120::Albino guy is Snookis father. Hence why she tans so damn much
dallasmavs258::^ this
jack jackson.::Who's whiter: Sun Devil through and through or the Suns roster?
arizonasting13::and dude... the Spurs have just about as many white dudes as the Suns do.
TWex2120::This is true
dallasmavs258::Timberwolves
arizonasting13::The TWolves
jack jackson.::Who? Oh yeah I couldn't see them there, blended right in with all the snow...
dallasmavs258::I read somewhere that albinos are made of white chocolate, can you confirm this Sun Devil through and through
Encaladitos::they are made of jason williams?
drummerboyg1215::No. They're made of Eminems!!
Nerissa2525::Slum dunk nice prediction imp
SPURSWARS::The Albino needs to lay off the crack pipe,namely his lover!
arizonasting13::I think that Albino guy is what Howie from the Bench Warmers will look like in 30 years.
