Excelscior1::Russel Westbrick  is such a chucker. Poor Durant. And Perkins is a bust. Danny (Ainge) waves Hello to Sam Presti and Scott Brooks.
BlueSh1rt::Yeah, sure sucks to have a conference champion as your team.
BostonCsFTW::Lakers vs Heat in championship  Celtics lose to Heat in 6 or 7games  (close) Lakers beat Nuggets (4-2)
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::lol at piston fans that thought they were getting their fist win last night for most of the game.. then boom! KD took over.
JoesH81::What happened to Daye taking him too long to develop. Could we play drummond at the 5 and Monroe at the 4 then put Knight at the 1 Jerekbo at the 3 and build out from there everybody else just trade out. And can we please stop trying to make stuckey a star and a 2 guard the guy is a tweener who would be better served coming off the bench and leading the second unit. could be like a vinnie johnson.
BlueSh1rt::Dumars has been handcuffed with the death of the Pistons owner. All plans were put on hold until his widow could get the team sold. "His widow Karen succeeded him as owner of the Pistons, and she sold all of Palace Sports and Entertainment". Fans only see the product on the court. Consider the logistics behind the scenes.
11marqysandias1964::But as a GM he could step in for future. That is all I "fault" him for right now. He should tell coach to keep Prince, Charlie V and Stuckey in shape with a few minutes a game until he can trade them. Puzzled the youth and future are not allowed to just play it through.
ksesch313::i almost expect to lose every game. but why the hell is drummond only getting a handful of minutes per game and maxiell is getting 30+.  why is prince playing around 40 per game?  i guess when your gm wastes too much money on scrubs, you are kind of forced to play them.
Westjag::Tayshaun is no scrub i wish the thunder had him. hes just not a go-to scorer and never has been.
doof54::Excellent gameplan and execution by the Pistons.  Hard to get any calls when you're playing one of the NBA's darling teams.  Hang in there and keep it up.  Pistons will be alright.
BlueSh1rt::Tough to watch your team lose like that after such a tough start. Honestly, I would recommend the Pistons focus on developing the young talent (plenty of bright spots). Don't worry about the win total, playoffs ain't happening this year anyway. Hope for a nice fat lottery pick before you make the next big push. Detroit at least has hope for the future unlike so many others.
Hickman517::0-8 yet we are playing tay 40 mins and maxiell gets 30... unreal play the young kids L Frank! what the heck is going on? singler and drummond playing great in limited minutes. andre was so active last night, get these kids experience we are not a playoff squad!
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::PEOPLE SAYN THE THUNDER SUCK THIS SEASON BLOUSE LOOK AT THE LAKERS AND PISTONS
BlueSh1rt::I guess I don't understand what blouse means. That's why I put a question mark after the word in my first reply.
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::WHAT U SAY BLOUSE TOO BRO BRO!!!!!!!!
BlueSh1rt::blouse?
CandySparker::The Palace of Auburn Hells?
LMFAOOOOOOO::$@%
LMFAOOOOOOO::@ss
LMFAOOOOOOO::Can someone wipe my $@%?
saintsrapackofcheaters::I started to use a system for betting named Sportsbettingstar. I've made around $2,000-$3,000 a month average now for the past couple months just following this system. You can find this system on google by searching for Sports Betting System. .
LMFAOOOOOOO::Yes!
22Dave702::Westbrook worst nightmare is here. Harden is gone and now people see Westbrook as a ballhog. Guy has always been a ballhog and they should have traded NOR for Chris Paul or BOS for Rajon Rondo LAST YEAR. Embarrassing for the OKC GM that he did not pull the trigger on one of those trades.  11-25 is not going to win any playoff game.
BostonCsFTW::Celtics were never going to trade Rondo and will never trade him that was fake by some cheap journalists
Westjag::Majority of society falls under the popular "fab" that is at that time. Right now it is media boards dogging Westbrook. It use to be Lebron.
BlueSh1rt::Yeah OKC GM (Presti) has done a terrible job of getting rid of guys like Nenad Krstic, and Jeff Green for a Kendrick Perkins. Utilizing fringe players like Derek Fisher in key spots, and getting a ton of goodies in return for Harden. What a terrible, embarrassing job he has done.
BlueSh1rt::Russell Westbrook scored a season-high 33 points and keyed a fourth-quarter comeback on his 24th birthday as Oklahoma City rallied to beat the winless Detroit Pistons 92-90 on Monday night.
BlueSh1rt::11 for 25 is not great. But he also knocked down 33 pts and 10 boards. He's not perfect, we get it. I don't know why people hate him so much. Jealousy?
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::UMMM WE GET IT WESTBROOK IS A BALLHOG OK BUT HE AINT NO WORST NIGHTMARE BUT DONT HATE ON RONDO AND PAUL OKC IS THE BEST!!!!!!!!!
dwade grater den jordan::lol ock is so terible 1nce again.. shudnt have let haden go
BlueSh1rt::It's difficult to type when you're drunk huh?
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::FIRST OFF OKC DONT SUCK SO HOP OFF AND AND HARDEN LEFT SO SHUTUP AND DWADE AINT NEVER BETTER THAN JORDAN SO KILL YOSELF
leex5048::Westbrook... I love you man and I know yesterday was your birthday and you played well vs. Detroit but I am tired of seeing you game after game taking more shots than Durant. I blame Durant as much as I blame you though because Durant needs to speak up. All in all we are 6-2 and leading the division.
Westjag::I love my thunder! Detroit played hard and are going to win a fair share of games. Thunder turned it up in the 4th. KD stepped up and played like an MVP on both sides of the ball. 5 in a row!
triplecrownmiggy::As much as Westbrook does have the odd cold game when he is on he is just poison out there . ESPN Jew social media has slammed him since day one but c'mon this guy when his basketball IQ catches up with his ability on the court he will be unstoppable . Go OKC !
dwade grater den jordan::lol okc sux so bad dis year
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::THANKYOU THUNDER IS THE BEST YOU MADE YOU CANT PLAY
Westjag::He's a hater. Really, thunder suck?? That's like cussing in church boy wash your mouth out.
Chargers_4_Sale::Memphis beat the Heat like they stole something.
trademarktaz::The Charlie V and Ben Gordon things were all part of rebounding from the classic defensive Pistons era from the early 2000s. Currently we have a young developing core, a record heading for a top 3 lottery pick, and a ton of money to spend, I love where the Pistons are at right now.
icewaterOlson::Maxiell has stepped up this year, but he needs to be coming off the bench if the Pistons want to be competitive this year.
Chris Broussards source.::Pistons are so bad. What a bunch of loser idiots. LOSERS
bigger_in_texas35::when in doubt, give it to durant
bamberg1977::On a night like this, I have no idea how you justify not giving Drummond Jerebko's minutes. I'm struggling to see what Jerebko gives us as a PF. He is a good team player and plays hard, but unfortunately its becoming clear Jonas best year was his rookie year before he went down with the Achilles injury. His FG%, rebounding, and scoring have all slid even as he's matured because he just doesnt have the quickness/athleticism
icewaterOlson::He really just isn't a 4, he's more of a 3.  He is playing out of position because we have so many 3's and such little production at the 4.
Chargers_4_Sale::Bad news the Pistons are 0-8 Good news the don't have to face the Thunder anymore this season.
bamberg1977::And their 37-42 FT shooting. My god, we made 18 FT's, they made 37. And refs did finally start letting us play D in the 2nd half some, but R. Westbrook could have fouled out 3 times over in this game if he was called for any of his whacks, slaps, elbows and over the backs. I guess he's too quick for refs to see.
Chargers_4_Sale::Game was played in Detroit.
bamberg1977::With a name like Suck up how can he miss?
Detroit Everything::...next
drodyankees::singler needs to get more pt that boy is a hooper
Detroit Everything::Keeping the core of Knight, Monroe and Drummond; Stuckey still has the chance to win me over this year.   Tayshaun is not part of the future obviously. Maggette is a trade piece because hes a 10 million dollar expiring contract. Maxiel, Bynum, Daye, all expiring. A superstar could be landed at the deadline people, that's basically 20 million in cap relief right there for a team trying to dump someone. We could be the beneficiary, and imo, this will work 100% better than trying to develop yet another lottery pick (and with our luck we won't be picking in the top 5).
leex5048::Kevin Martin
icewaterOlson::Too bad there is no great SG or SF in free agency this year.  Our best hope would probably be Monta Ellis.
zachrlee::I'm shocked at how Detroit led most of the way and could've won this game. Brandon Knight's too nice a kid. Makes you wonder if he has those killer instincts.
Maniacpkt::not all around, but when it came to free throws, he could have been
Maniacpkt::anyone can miss a contended shot.  there is no excuse for missing FREE throws.  missed FTs = laziness
bamberg1977::That makes no sense. Yes, Ben Wallace was the laziest player in NBA history with your concrete theory.
t casey::The lack of a killer instinct statement could be made about any of our young core guys. Monroe had mismatches down low with Sefalosha, Westbrook, and Durant but failed to convert or even successfully post up and isolate either of them.  Our guys just aren't very tough as a whole
t casey::I agree that Knight settled way too often tonight. He's been playing that way all throughout the early of this season for some reason. But, again, soft play all around is killing us, athough Knight is probably the worst in that category atm.  No 6'10", 250lb big man should be allowing guys 6'3", 200lb and 6'7" 215lb to guard him successfully on the block and consistently prevent him from getting good post up positioning. If so, he's soft. He doesn't protect the ball well, lets his man front him and push him off his spots entirely too often, and gets the ball knocked away at least 2 times per game, and that's not including how often he's been getting blocked. He's got a decent amount of skill down low and that's served him well so far, but his lack of toughness is slowing his development about as much as if not more than anything atm.
bamberg1977::Totally disagree on Monroe. He's extremely tough I think Monroe is still rushing, but he takes on anybody. He moves the ball well. I really wish he'd get his jump shot cooking, it would really set him up better.   The only guy I thought played soft tonight was B. Knight. He took too many bad 3's and wouldn't challenge anyone at the rim or drive many times.
bamberg1977::All Detroit had to do is make one of those 3's that went in an out. They had 6 3's from the end of the 3rd quarter until the end of the game that were half way down. Knight  had 3 of them himself.
Detroit Everything::funny pic http://media.mlive.com/pistons_impact/photo/11858792-large.jpg
Gods illa::Yup
Maniacpkt::in reality, all detroit had to do was make it's FT and they do win the game
KevinDurantFan.35::Pisstons vs Wizards
mojart::the ben gordon and villanueva signing screwed the cap and the quick rebuilding of the pistons ......dumars is responsible for it........just because you have the cap space u spend all of that in one go.....
mojart::absolutely.....drummond should finally start.....the guy has earn it....i don't know if frank is just blind or what.....but the kid is doing his thing on the court
Detroit Everything::He's earned it, Singler's earned it. English has not seen enough time but I believe he can earn it too. Frank doesn't play shooters when we need to score, he insists to go back to the starters in every final stretch and I don't know why.
Detroit Everything::I'm gonna say this one more time. I hate having to be the only one to see this. After the signings, Joe had trades lined up, I believe to bring in Boozer, and someone else, removing the log jam we had at SG and SF. But Bill Davidson died, and his widow wanted to sell the team, and did not allow any moves until the sale was complete. Along with this situation, we did not bring in a quality coach after our first losing season, instead we brought in a life-long assistant named John Kuester because Karen Davidson did not want to spend money. Look it up, mlive I know has articles about this.
Detroit Everything::I agree changes need to be made, so I'm not sure what kind of sick experiment this is. It's very frustrating.
mojart::but right now the pistons have a owner.....time will tell....but pistons need changes now.....front office or coaching personnel....changes has to be made
crruss5::The core of the Pistons are 19, 20, and 22 years old. ... what do you expect them to do?!   Give them the #1 overall pick and a superstar = long term success.    OR you can try the Phoenix Suns way of rebuilding and consistently be the 15th best team in the NBA with NO potential of winning a championship.
leex5048::Kyrie Irving's draft class was pretty weak!
mojart::shabazz, noel and zeller are the only sure thing in the class of 2013
crruss5::the weakest draft class after picks #1-3
Detroit Everything::but is there really a superstar in this draft class? I've heard the name Shabazz Mohammed, but experts have also said this is the weakest draft class in a decade
Detroit Everything::Joe will not last till 2014 if the play is not turned around. The players we have now need to be developed.
mojart::if they are really rebuilding.....then tank in 2014....the jabari kid is compared to lebron james
Anom.::There's no reason why Jason Maxiell should be getting 27 more minutes than Andre Drummond. This coach deserves to be fired. He is 0-8, plays stupid lineups, doesn't start a 7 footer (Andre) who does more per minute than most people on the team, etc.
Westjag::Andre is a baller he should have been in if capable.
Maniacpkt::I'd say they were tanking the season, but i think that would be giving franks too much credit
Pistons1975::Is it too early to fire Joe Dumars?
Detroit Everything::I believe Tom Gores told him he has 3 years to turn this ship around. This would be year 2.
Detroit Everything::Is it Joe's fault for Iverson not panning out? Michael Curry had no respect from the players and caused Rip to become poison. And rather than coming off the bench Iverson left the team and did not even re-join the team for the playoffs.
sports is a business first and a business last::honestly i think that their time ranned out, they had a good run for about 6 years, the core just got older, billups has really only had one decent year after he had left the pistons
ryensgin::Did anyone see that Jazz Toronto Game???  Jazz win in 3OT.  Center Big Al Jefferson hits a THREE to send it into overtime!!!!  Jazz baby
DTownSports81::Your a clown with that picture
aise5668::Westbrook shot a higher pct. than Durant, had more rebounds than Durant, made more free throws than Durant and yet people say Westbrook is terrible.  smh
Gods illa::He prolly finished ahead of your favorite player guy
sports is a business first and a business last::he doesnt suck he is just overrated
TigerMichLion111::Honestly I would love to have trey Burke as the PG for the pistons! He will be a superstar
kyearty1::Sh @RussellWestbrooks Stats..Rebounds Are Awesome..FG Pct? FGs Taken? Assists? Smh This Guy Is Gonna Be the Reasons Durant Wouldn't Get A Ring.
Maniacpkt::quite the defender, i might add
Gods illa::He's a late bloomer physically .. He couldn't even dunk until his senior year in high school .. Some years later he's a dominant offensive force in the nba? Russ is sti growing period and the mental side comes with age.. Just wait
Maniacpkt::how long as westbrook been at point?  he is only going to get better
Gods illa::Yes both very young .. They do make a lot of silly mistakes ... But even with all those mistakes they are elite players an elite team and just went to the finals .what happens when they learn how to weather the storm  ? ?
alexcr00123::Gotta remember they're both 23...
Gods illa::They just got to finals ..  Lol they will get ring calm down child
TigerMichLion111::Shabazz Muhammad!!!!  The next lebron James!!!  And I'm semi serious
mojart::since dumars trade for Iverson....pistons start to fall....
Detroit Everything::Iverson hijacked the team because Michael Curry didn't know how to run it.
Maniacpkt::one legged he is still better than most players
Maniacpkt::not to mention old
TigerMichLion111::I want Chauncey back!!!!
Shay Jacuzzi::I love Iverson.. but he's not a team player..
Detroit Everything::Ok both times phil jackson left the lakers they fell apart
d-nyce-::i know
sports is a business first and a business last::rigged games for the thunder in last year playoffs: games 1 and 2 vs mavs, game 6 vs spurs  rigged game for the heat in last year playoffs: game 1 vs knicks, game 1 vs pacers, game 1 and 2 vs celtics  - any surprise these two teams made the final
Maniacpkt::then spurs would have beat the thunder, as small as san antonio is, it's still twice the market OKC is,  seems bad for business to me
sports is a business first and a business last::its not the about the markets size as much as it is marquee players that will increase ratings, and the thunder have the bigger marquee players. Market size is just a bonus.
Gods illa::Lol sports is a business - do the thunder and heat not look like best teams in basketball to you ? Even more so last year ..  If not u have know knowledge of the game sir
sports is a business first and a business last::they might be the most talented teams, but dont act like the refs had no power in deciding the outcomes of games, in for the case of these two teams they did in last year playoffs.
Maniacpkt::if the NBA was rigged, OKC wouldn't have played the spurs in the WCF, just sayin
sports is a business first and a business last::the nba tried to help the lakers out, they just didnt capitalize on it... the nba is rigged
4o5Represent::Scott brooks can be a GOAT.
Shay Jacuzzi::Dumars master plan.. NIGHT &amp; DAY.. both suck
Detroit Everything::how is that the master plan? Lol. And its Knight and Daye
nidadan::After seeing the Lakers in a state of disarray and OKC performance against the Pistons, I can only say this for now.  No one is stopping the Heat, unless otherwise noted
Gods illa::I agree but I thought heat were ahead of thunder even before harden disaster ..  And ima thunder fan .. I had heat over thunder in finals last two years and had em again this year ..  Also as a thunder fan I'm more worried about Memphis in playoffs more than anyone. .
kyearty1::Grizzlies Beat Em Badly The Night Before.
LesGeaux225::"unless otherwise noted" what do you mean?
Maniacpkt::so he can back off that later in the season, i suppose
d-nyce-::miami struggled tonight against the rockets and didn't cover
MotorCityMagic28::Yeah and LeBron is gonna break his back if he has to continue to carry this team. 5th straight double double
Philip3664::ohh ok
Philip3664::OKC played the Rockets?
d-nyce-::I can't believe OKC didn't cover
Infamous Dinosaur::i know how players can draw fouls and all, but thats too many FTs.
Inframzah::This might be the worst performance from OKC I have ever seen. I hope that ALL of the Thunder players believe in God because he let them win.
Gods illa::Lol @ all the Westbrook haters ..  Talkin mess when we were down  But when we have the lead and that game clock hits 0 them fools are extinct .. Lets get it ! O city Or no city !
