Jdzspace::bringing back West isn't a terrible idea, D.West was the starting point guard on this team not too long ago.   and i like Pargo too
BostonHerald::The Celtics are still in the catbird seat as long as they got Bradley, JET, KG &amp; PP and Lee... But they need another DECENT big.... Ivan Robinson of the Hawks, Blatche of the Nets
BostonHerald::Danny.. Get Andre  Blatche of the Nets and Eric Minor of the thunder... Catch lighting in a bottle and the win the whole thing
Dwayne_Johnson23::I like the Eric Maynor idea. Nets would never let Blatche go to the Celts
Jdzspace::and Orlando would never let another star big man go to LA for a bag of oranges and a reach around and yet............weirder things have happened
cubfan6285::Both teams were horrible shooting and it wasnt cause the defense was so good. Bulls stink. They are horrible shooters. Everyone has been talking up Nate Robinson, he had had trouble just getting up a shot. Boozer stinks, Deng disapears, Butler and Taj are the only two out there were anything.
BostonHerald::Lol
Boston33Jon::Both of these teams are VERY good defensively.  But no one holds a team under 70 without said team helping out A LOT.
BostonHerald::We put Bradley on Nate...and that was that... Recognize greatness
BostonHerald::It takes something special to play on Boston TERRY HAS IT
Jdzspace::26-15 at home 18-23 on the road  for a final record of 44-38  that is realistic
Boston33Jon::I have a little higher hopes for down the stretch than 44 wins.  Your 60% assumption on home record reflects the team as they were playing earlier this season.  I think they are better than that right now (though not as hot as the last 8 home games - all wins - would suggest).  Also, as bad as they have been early in the season, they are 6-6 on the back end of a back-to-backs.  I don't want to be too big of a Celtics cheerleader, but even with all the injuries, I think this team plays better than 16 and 14 down the stretch.
Jdzspace::and that is possible, but considering if the past trends hold (before the 8-1 stretch) we are still looking at 44 wins isn't too shabby in and of itself
BostonHerald::5th place will work
Road dog Red::way to crush our spirits
Jdzspace::how does that crush our spirits? I think 44 wins is very good considering we were 6games under .500 less than 2 months ago.   it's not 62-20......but it'll be enough to get us the 5th seed, and who knows, maybe we get really hot and win the division. but 44 wins is good enough.
Jdzspace::Celtics have 30 games left, half of them are back to backs (8 back to back series), 7 of them conclude on the road, but only 3 conclude on the road vs teams over .500.   so we can pencil in about 8 losses right there due to schedule. we have 15 games against teams under .500,  12 home games, and 7 of them against over .500 teams......we are a 60% home team, so let's say we get 10 wins there. that gets us to about 10-13 then we have 8 remaining road games left let's say we win 6 of them, meaning we close the season 16-13, for a total of 44 wins.   that's not a terrible record all things considered
VikingsRedsBulls::Shouldn't it say celtics beat bulls despite offensive struggle both defenses didn't struggle
samdag2::you 'liked' your own comment, didn't you?
dickiedave4.0::So sorry I missed this game. Must have been very exciting to watch...
samdag2::4th quarter was great: a few highlight plays (Jeff Green's dunk was insane), good ball movement, tough D, exciting finish.    First three quarters .... not so much.
MinniWolves90::Looks like KG kinda took over in the 4th quarter.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::I'm happy the Celtics won, but I'm still down. This blitzkrieg of critical injuries since 2008 has finally worn on me. I am so sick of watching Boston get crippled by injuries. Such a bummer! DAMMIT. Go CELTICS, till the day I die, go CELTICS but I am a sad fan right now.
samdag2::What are you talking about Ricky Rubio is awes- oh, yeah, you have a point.
MinniWolves90::Ricky is BACK!!! He's beasting it lately. But injuries to Love, Budinger, Roy, Lee, and Howard have screwed us. Along with Pek, Kirilenko, Shved and Barea being in and out of the lineup.
MinniWolves90::I feel you, but try being a Timberwolves fan.
MinniWolves90::lol, that's what I'm here for
TheKilbo::@Minni - As a C's fan, I'm happier after reading your post!
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Truth.
DeuceInTheSinBin::Won't be making an instructional video out of this game, but the beauty about the standings is they don't judge.  I'll take it.  Go C's.
_I Am A Celtic_::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQNyHvADo3A
Road dog Red::(Note the date)  Road dog Red  and for ALL of the Celtic haters , fools and LooSahs out there...(and that means most of you here) I will make a prediction   THE CELTICS WILL PLAY BETTER AND WIN MORE GAMES WITHOUT RONDO   Because I am a genius and bootlickers like you (Jalen Rose and Tragic Johnson included) have no idea of the mystical mysteries inherent in the game.   The CELTICS will win.. and go to the ECF...Without Rondo..   and BEAT THE CHEATS   January 28 2013, 10:22 AM
Road dog Red::haterrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Jmello517::no one cares. February 14 2013, 10:46 AM
_Pippen aint easy_::Did Boston really scored 19 points in the second and third quarters combined and still win the game?  This game must have been awful to watch.
Jmello517::It was good defense with 2 extremely tired teams. Both teams were missing layups.
dickiedave4.0::good luck to both those teams in the playoffs! lol
scott.russell33::Young players could learn a lot from KG, along with Kobe and Duncan he's one of the true old school warriors of the game.  It's a shame he didn't play his entire career with a team like Boston, sometimes I forget how freakishly good he was when he was young.
MinniWolves90::He played with a better team in his prime. Late 90's, early 00's Wolves &gt; late 90s, early 00s Celtics.
Jimmy30313::No, he would have played with a young Paul Pierce. That team would be awesome
Jmello517::He is one of the best Point guards in the league. If we can get Smith, you all will be loving him and rondo playing together. Rondo has never had someone so athletic to play alongside him. It would be fun to watch, I hope it happens.
Jmello517::We don't want you, but it seems we are stuck.
Road dog Red::they both SUCK.. don't want em
Road dog Red::The question is no longer are they better w/o Rondo.. but HOW LONG DID RONDO HOLD THEM BACK.. as mush as i hate him Judas Shuttlesworth was right...
Road dog Red::LMAO...
Road dog Red::If Rondo shoots his freaking weight in the last finals the Celts would have won...  he is a FAILED experiment...he refuses to improve
brunick1::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAD7L_GWkb0
_I Am A Celtic_::In the past 9 games, the Celtics have posted best defensive efficiency in the NBA!
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Awesome.
Jmello517::Ignorant celtics fans who actually believe this season will be better without rondo are extremely misinformed. Have you been watching these games? Guys are trying so much harder because the HAVE to. They relied on rondo TOO much. Now that he's gone people are playing better, not because he held them back, but because they held themselves back.
Road dog Red::"You're the reason why other fans don't take celtics fans seriously. .." well that just means they are DUMB.. and thats NOT my problem... don't hate me for being right..... heh heh heh... Don't shoot the messenger. All of you knuckleheads were wrong.. go ahead and scroll down.. read what i reposted on January 27th.. go ahead and hurt yer feelings
Road dog Red::Rondo.. SUX
Jmello517::You're the reason why other fans don't take celtics fans seriously. When the bulls were winning did they say they were better without Rose? When the knicks were winning last season without carmelo, did they say they were better without him or that he"SUX"? No. Because they understand his impact on the team, and knew the team was just making up for the loss and able to adapt without him.
PP owns Rondo::Road Dog  PP didn't play well last night
Road dog Red::He's been hurt last two months.. pinched nerve in the neck.. but he is STILL not afraid to shoot the last shot STUD material...  ya gotta do it... and he does it
_I Am A Celtic_::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdN42xivYEQ
Road dog Red::heh heh heh.. Notice how every team is a powerhouse UNTIL the Celtics beat them.. the Nuggets, the Clips, the Cheats, The Bulls
PP owns Rondo::C's are better without Rondo. I'm with you Road Dog Red.
brunick1::No they're not did you see the offense yesterday? No one could create their own shot against a great defense and ball pressure absolutely bothered lee and bradley a lot.
Road dog Red::KG is a STUD..
Road dog Red::I told them all the day after the Tics beat the Cheats... this team is going to win and WIN big without Rondo.. he was holding them back.. all the experts are WRONG... Names don't win games... PLAYERS/STUDS do.. Rondo is just a name... PP is a STUD
Kobe Brick Mason::Rondo=no scoring, no defense
Jmello517::Rondo was averaging a lot of points. The reason we are winning is because of Terry and Bradley. Bradley had just came back when rondo got hurt, they played like 10 games together? And Terry is finally starting to shoot well. Saying Rondo is the reason we were losing is just an uneducated thing to say.
brunick1::Rondo plays lazy defense, but to say he plays none is a flat out lie.
Kobe Brick Mason::will they please just cut that bum Hamilton?
Jmello517::Cut him so we can pick him up.
brunick1::And get who? There's nothing out there
_I Am A Celtic_::Wow they made this complicated:  The maximum salary of a player with 6 or fewer years of experience is either $9,000,000 or 25% of the total salary cap (2010–11: $14,511,000), whichever is greater.   For a player with 7–9 years of experience, the maximum is $11,000,000 or 30% of the cap (2010–11: $17,413,200).   For a player with 10+ years of experience, the maximum is $14,000,000 or 35% of the cap (2010–2011: $20,315,400).
_I Am A Celtic_::And to make it even worse, there are loop holes and ways around it to earn more money!  Craziness
Jmello517::Josh Smith's Primary Destination is boston. http://sports-lite.com/nba-news/josh-smiths-primary-destination-boston/
_I Am A Celtic_::" I keep hearing Josh Smith's primary destination is Boston"
brunick1::I wouldnt give him the max would you?
brunick1::Rondo and Smith I like that a lot. And Rondo is going no where god damn road dog red lol.
_I Am A Celtic_::I'd take that for sure
brunick1::True true if KG retired and Josh Smith doesn't get traded I could see the Celtics signing him in the offseason. If he would play in the post and stop shooting 3s I think he would be close to a max player.
_I Am A Celtic_::I've been hearing that rumor lately.  Not sure why.  It looks like he can still play though, so why retire?  I wouldn't mind it either.  $23mil over the next two years isn't over paying him, but it would be nice to have that cleared
brunick1::You think KGs gonna retire after this season?
_I Am A Celtic_::No way, but I'm not sure what the max is anymore after last year's CBA.  I'm guessing around $15mil?  I dunno
brunick1::Ugly win yesterday boys, but we'll obviously take it!!
Jmello517::KG is retiring, pull off a 3 way trade with the Lakers for Josh Smith. KG to LA, Pau to ATL, Smith to BOS. I think ATL would have to send another player out as well, Pau is an over paid piece of poop.
_I Am A Celtic_::Stiemsma barely even sees the court out there.  Damn Minnesota
Dribbird.::How does anyone not play the modern day Bill Russell?   Shame on the Wolves.
Jmello517::If we got rid of rondo we would have no one on our team in 2 years that would make other players want to come here. Rumor is Josh Smith wants to come to boston, if Danny can make it happen, how does a Rondo, Bradley, Smith, Green, Sully starting 5 sound? Sounds good to me. Granted, we might need a center.
_I Am A Celtic_::Where the hell is JaJuan Johnson?  He can't be worse than Fab Melo
Road dog Red::before i get get totally frosted by someone mentioning that unmentionable name AGAIN.. i'm outta here.. peace y'all.. and may you get some happy Valentine nookie sometime today...lol
Jimmy30313::Later Red
Clueless Heat Fan::ha seems like both teams lost too bad the heat r on the way to 7 titels
Jimmy30313::Your name says it all
Matty Ice Ice Romo::username and the avatar.....a jackasss!
Dribbird.::Jet and Green give the C's a big advantage when it comes to the bench.  Last year the bench just couldn't score.
_I Am A Celtic_::You mean you didn't like what Marquis Daniels provdied?
Dribbird.::I miss Quis Pietrus and Dooling but the bench is better this year.    I miss Steimsma too :/
_I Am A Celtic_::Ryan Hollins was a beast too
Jimmy30313::I miss Quis
Dribbird.::Daniels and Dooling...   How could you replace that?
ddd007ddd::JET  is playing better of late ,no?
ddd007ddd::Celtics will miss Barbosa 4 real
Dribbird.::Finally
Jimmy30313::yeah more shots are falling
Dribbird.::Where are all the Bulls fans?
ddd007ddd::Overwhelmed [as were d players]by Rose's bombshell of posssibly sitting dis year out
Road dog Red::pulling the cattle prods out of their rear ends
Jimmy30313::Watching MJ highlights
Jimmy30313::How to p.iss off Road Dog: Mention Rondo
Dribbird.::Rondo
Road dog Red::Grrrrrrrr
Road dog Red::totally......
Road dog Red::(Note the date) Road dog Red and for ALL of the Celtic haters , fools and LooSahs out there...(and that means most of you here) I will make a prediction  THE CELTICS WILL PLAY BETTER AND WIN MORE GAMES WITHOUT RONDO  Because I am a genius and bootlickers like you (Jalen Rose and Tragic Johnson included) have no idea of the mystical mysteries inherent in the game.  The CELTICS will win.. and go to the ECF...Without Rondo..  and BEAT THE CHEATS   January 28 2013, 10:22 AM
Road dog Red::The Rhonda experiment has FAILED...  he will NOT progress.. and THAT is the problem
brunick1::FALSE
Road dog Red::I said that the DAY after they beat the Cheats... and I am STILL right... Magic Johnson, Jalen Rose,, all of the so called experts are IDIOTS... i'm telling you.. they are BETTER w/o Rondo
Matty Ice Ice Romo::C's will not get rid of Rondo. It's just not happening. He's too valuable to the team (yes, even though he's injured) to be either traded or cut, or whatever. Rondo is staying in Boston.
Jmello517::Rondo is the reason we won playoff games last year. He single handed keeps us in games.
Road dog Red::The Celtics won is spite of having Rondo on their team
Road dog Red::Ok.. without sully and Barbosa.. maybe now they won't beat the cheats... lol
Jmello517::I have a lot of respect for Rose, but him not wanting to come back this year doesn't worry me with rondo. I think rondo is mentally tougher than rose, and probably wants to get back more.
Dribbird.::Why is Green not in the dunk contest?
Jimmy30313::Thats what Ive been saying since they announced the participants
Road dog Red::You freaking Rondonians are as bad as the KobeHolics.. Rhonda is all that matters to you.. even if the team sucks.. and if they win w/o him yer world is CRUSHED... get OVER it.. Rondo SUX and the TEAM is winning now that he is GONE
JustTheFacts326::Ainge's comments about this team without Rondo....dismissed all the ludicrous noise.
Road dog Red::OMG...  get off of it... Rondo was the reason why they were LOSING.. that being the case I don't EVER want to see him in Celtic Green EVER AGAIN
ddd007ddd::u will retract ur statement come playoff ..........when d chips r down u need a superstar in a 7 game series,dt's y playoff caliber team hv dm;d worst team can pull off a victory a victory against d best in one game match up;7 games its a whole new ball game.
Jimmy30313::Were you not watching him in the playoffs the last 4 years?
Matty Ice Ice Romo::and Rondo was the leason the C's were winning alot of games as well.
_I Am A Celtic_::You're out of your mind this morning
_I Am A Celtic_::Rondo's injury worries the hell out of me.  Look how much Derrick Rose is struggling with it!  I can only hope that Rondo is ready for training camp next season
Dribbird.::Dear antler spray.   Rajon, go talk to Ray
_I Am A Celtic_::hahahah
Dribbird.::Rondo makes $11million a year.  He can get soooo much antler spray.  He better come back with antlers or I will be disappointed.
_I Am A Celtic_::You know that stuff only costs about $70
Jimmy30313::Hopefully he will do an Adrian Peterson
Matty Ice Ice Romo::and win MVP?
_I Am A Celtic_::. . . and take HGH!
Matty Ice Ice Romo::hope Rondo has a succesfull recovery and comes back soon for the C's. Definitely the best PG in the league IMO.
Road dog Red::OK.. stop it.. they are BETTER without Rondo... REPEAT after Me.. The Celtics are BETTER without Rondo... NOW.... step away from the ledge
Matty Ice Ice Romo::I guess we'll see come playoff time...
_I Am A Celtic_::Lay off the crack homie
Road dog Red::trade him and trade him with a QUICKNESS
Dribbird.::Talent wise, yea.  But he needs to adjust his game a little to fit the C's new style.  They will be deadly if he can do that.
Road dog Red::WRONG...
Jimmy30313::Cmon Road Dog, save it
_I Am A Celtic_::Don't start
Road dog Red::Hey Guys.. remember these... lol  Road dog Red Rondo down , Celtics WIN January 27 2013, High Plains Drifter. All these trade stories on blogs are from before Rondo going down. That changes everything.  skasyy no it dont...  High Plains Drifter. It changes the type of trade they will be looking for. This was already a team in trouble. Now they lose their all-star PG. You want to still make a run for it??? You're crazy. Time to sell off what few pieces they have to the highest bidder. January 27 2013, 7:31 PM
Road dog Red::"Sell off the pieces to the highest bidder.".. FEAR was in the AIR
Dribbird.::Haters gonna hate
Dribbird.::Next game in Denver.   That will be a tough rematch.  Hopefully KG doesn't play much in the all star game, we need to be rested for that one.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Spoelstra is the coach, right? *snicker* He may play KG extended minutes out of spite.
_I Am A Celtic_::I doubt he'll play more than 10 minutes, if that
Dribbird.::If Orlando really needed more bad news.   Hedo Turkoglu is suspended 20 games after testing positive for steroids.   Or maybe that's good news.   Not really sure.
_I Am A Celtic_::Definitely good news for them
Road dog Red::The whole Steroid thing is nerdland hysteria...
Jimmy30313::Man steroids are overrated if thats how Hedo plays on them
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Hahahaha, that's a troonami.
