Jason Tobin::Clippers are much better than they showed against the Lakers. I'm a Warriors fan... but I think this is going to be a good game. Something we can all agree on... the Lakers are terrible and their fans are garbage.
Amir Shirazi::Jason hahah you act like your team won sh*t .warriors will choke like always another trash fans trying to act smart and gets likes
Eric Lopez::Yeah the Lakers are overrated. Their fans made a big deal of winning their first game. The Lakers will choke this season. Eventually, the Clippers will adjust to Doc Rivers coaching. The Clippers and Warriors are the ones who have a chance of winning the Pacific Division. The Lakers are overrated and their fans are trash.... They are always living in the past.
Amir Shirazi::Erica hahah choke you misspelled flipper 1st round exit hahahaha
Andy P Kordyban::Welcome to KFC, my name is Amir Shirazi, how can I help you on this, my 20th anniversary working here?
Cody Perin::I think he has mental issues. He looks a little to old to be arguing with teenagers and kids. That seems to be his style tho.
Andy P Kordyban::The Clippers are the Detroit Lions of the NBA. Pure garbage.
Richard Leo Alcantar::Watch some football and you might have to rephrased that.
Dominic L. Williams::Richard Leo Alcantar He is right. Both are titleless Good analogy to me. But to be fair to Detroit atleast they play in their own building
Tyler Allen::Dominic L. Williams  The same can be said about the Lakers! Its the Kings building. Both the Clippers and the Lakers pay rent!
Aaron Rooney::Laker fan... If you are here and you have read Amir Shirazi's comments, you HAVE to be embarrassed to be associated with that, right? HE is representing the might Lker Nation. OUCH!
Amir Shirazi::Wow all I hear from you , is your butt hurt ouch!
Justin Jenkins::Aaron Rooney ....Lakers beat that a$$.....you were talking all that crap before the season...#overrated Clippers!
Eric Lopez::It was only the first game so calm down. The Lakers are overrated. Wait until the Clippers adjust to Doc Rivers coaching.
Aaron Rooney::HAHA! Looks like i have FIRMLY implanted myself inside a few Laker moron brains.   Me = 1 You = 0
Amir Shirazi::Erica and Arron , you both clippers fruit cakes should go on a date ,hahah fags clippers just like you are a joke  " wait till flippers adjust to overrated Doc coaching " hahahahahaha
Ali Lukie Ozeir::What other PG in the NBA can do what Chris Paul did today 42 points 50 FG%15 Assists 6 steals and 2 Rebounds. He is by far the best PG in the NBA and it ain't even close.
Andrew Lipham::only bad thing about him is that he has never gotten out of the 2nd round.
Steven Anacker::Is this Amir Shirazi for real or is he some character some aspiring actor is trying to develop?
Amir Shirazi::Steven I don't knows if your gayness is talk or you being stupid
Richard Leo Alcantar::You gotta admit AMir Shirazi is on a roll right now aha
Richard Leo Alcantar::aha jk hes just another Internet Warrior who thinks hes tough and what not
Shawn Bento::For Halloween, the Clippers are dressing up as a basketball team.
Will Friedrichs::Im a clips fan. A long time clips fan. What I love about this rivalry with the dubs, is that both teams come from the same place when you consider how long we have both suffered. Neither team has a culture of winning. The Dubs have a coach is not an X's and O guy, but a great motivator. The Clips probably have more talent top to bottom. Perhaps the expectations for both teams needs to be tempered a little bit at this point. Neither team is quite ready to win it all right now. Both are close, just not ready. Im just happy both fan bases, who are probably as loyal as you will find, can laugh at the Lakers!!
Rollin Salazar::No disagreement here, but there are some other variables: Dubs success in the playoffs last year with their injuries.  They also do not talk a lot except for clarifying that they have not done anything yet.   I love the match ups with these two teams and hope they meet in the playoffs to settle the debate.
Travis Cook::When the broadcasters keep saying "this is a fun game to watch" that really translates into "neither team plays defense and will never win a championship playing this uptempo style".
Travis Cook::I'm a calling it right now though. Curry will have a 60 point game this year. He will get hot from the three point line, and there will be nothing to stop it.
Clint Czar Jefferson::There's no way to stop him now.He's tough to guard beyond the arc.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Durant has never scored 60. lebron has never scored 60. Melo has never scored 60. Wade has never scored 60. But Curry will? Nein.
Rodrick Ed Drain::Klay gets 38 while Curry gets 10 the other night then this game Curry gets 38 while Klay gets 10
Cristefer Young::Clippers are the worst franchise in sports history.
William Cutting::Same ol Warriors. Giving up 70 in a half
Andy P Kordyban::OH NO HE DIDN'T! x 2 !
Chris Blair::might want to add a x3 to that now.
Andy P Kordyban::x 3!
Local Living Av::Home opener for Clippers,, Warriors gave up 126 points on the back end of back to back after they scored 125 against Lakers the night before.. Thompson came back to earth.
Travis Cook::When both these teams get into a half court game in the playoffs they are screwed. It's the same story every year with these type teams. When they have to play a team like the Spurs, Memphis, Heat, or Pacers they are screwed.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Memphis' offense is nothing to gawk at. I think the Warriors and Clippers would love to play them in the 1st round.
Rollin Salazar::Did you see the playoffs last year?  Incorrect.  Warriors did great against Spurs half court wise despite their injuries.
John Osaki Jr.::Chris Paul is the best guard in the NBA. If you are a big-time Chris Paul fan and Blake Griffin fan, check out the new edition 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Mike Larson-Edwards::Clippers show their true colors tonight. No way Thompson can be THAT good again...right?? Free Pick... http://faceybros.com/official-picks
Lights Godown::Curry sat back and watched last night. I have a feeling he's going to shoot for more than 10 tonight...
Daniel Doyle::clippers got issues right now trying to play a new style under rivers warriors will beat that spread
James Owen Golden::It's laughable to me that people that that DRose is better than CP3. CP3 makes his teammates so much better and is tougher to guard.
Curtis James Bliss::I have two reasons why the Clippers have zero chance at an NBA title... Ryan Hollins and BJ Mullens. If those are your bench bigs, you have no shot.
Aaron Rooney::Right...because bench bigs are the key.   Wait...actually you are wrong. Name some great bench bigs over the past 10 yrs.  LOL. I'll wait....
Andy P Kordyban::And your silver medal special olympics free-throw shooting contest winner is...... DeAndre JORDAN!
William Cutting::When you're a scrub like Deandre Jordan airballing free throws and shooting 20% at the line is okay. No one will get on your case about it
Chris Blair::at least hasnt destroyed his self esteem yet like it did for Beidrins
Travis Cook::Clippers are annoying. Jordan and Griffin run their mouths way too much, for average players.
Max Lazzara::just looked at shirzis profile he is a yankees lakers and giants fan, well done turd
