Jazmine Ortiz::there was 700 comments when the heat lost lmao
Treyvon Carter::right, I hate that
Norber Montalbán Carmona::Mostly haters and Bulls fans bragging about their season highlight.
Samuel Fisher::Why do people say things like "Miami needs Wade to win the Championship." What team doesn't need their second best player to win the Championship? What team???
Alan Ogg::LOL! heat win and 121 comments. but if they lose, its the end of the world and we will have 10,000 comments from the losers from Indian and Chicago trolling in here
Zee N Jason Farmer::do u copy and paste every comment on every teams board? very insecure
Zee N Jason Farmer::how come ur fans don't support them when they win? oh cause they are just bandwagon fans who come around playoff time
Jude Odogwu::Sooo true. It's pathetic.
GianFranco DeZola::PLEASE TIMBS SHOW SOME PRIDE...IT'S NOT FUN BEING SPANK AT HOME LIKE THAT.  ALL THE PLAYERS AND COACHING STAFF SHOULD STEP UP TO THE PLATE ON THE 2ND HALF AND MAKE THIS GAME AT LEAST A BIT COMPETITIVE.  HAVE SOME RESPECT FOR THE HOME FANS
Nate Stein::a lot of close calls going Miamis way. Still pissed at the Tech on Pek after he was fouled and it wasnt called
Leland Wong::Battier is listed as the starter again, what a joke.
Anila Khan::who would you rather have scoring off the bench while the starters are resting? battier or beasley? if you have all your scorers in at the same time you'll be screwed when they need a rest
Leland Wong::Anila Khan At his age and level of play Shane should be coming off the bench not a starter anymore.
Anila Khan::Leland Wong they don't have any other option. beasley is needed to lead the bench when james/bosh/wade. who else they gonna start?
Luke Zacharias::C'mon Wolves, let's get this win and prove that we can contend with the contenders. What's done is done, all those dumb losses to those teams that are less than mediocre are a thing of the past. If we play the way we did when we played LAL and OKC then we should be fine. We have to get our groove back before it's too late.
Derrick Dazer Love::Man I thought Rubio would b a better offensive player at this point in his career. Smh so disappointing
Jarrod Mauren::If we give Rubio a max contract, we're going to be mediocre for the next 5 years minimum
Norber Montalbán Carmona::Rubio is not a max-contract player at all. Somewhere around 10M a year would be a good deal IMO.
Jarrod Mauren::Norber Montalbán Carmona even that at this point seems high... he struggles with so many things
Ronel Carlos::A kind of play and routine plus the big three for the heat to win a ballgame.
Matt Elmore::Oh, Wade decided to join us this evening, what a delight!
Christopher Charles::Yea and changed that outcome of the game. Wade is needed to win the championship.
Marc Taylor::Still here... isn't Melo in bed waiting for you?
Matt Elmore::Marc Taylor ???
Leland Wong::What happened to Beasly tonight, injured?
Drew Emrich Thurman::miami wins this easy D-Wade and Bird will return tomorrow
Leland Wong::Alex Doub LBJ is human, he is hurt, he has been doing it for over three years in Miami and seven yrs a Cleveland, his back finally gave out, he is not the same player as last year.
Justin Porter::Leland Wong retard
Leland Wong::Alex Doub LBJ is only 65% right now it will be a tough game.
AngelJailen Virgobabi Davis::Let's go Miami
Sportsbettingstar.com::The Miami Heat have won 15 straight regular-season games against Western Conference teams, a streak they'll try to extend Saturday at Minnesota. Both teams have questions about whether they'll have their star players, as Miami's Dwyane Wade (illness) has missed the past two games and Minnesota is unsure about Kevin Love's status following his grandmother's death. The Heat are trying to avoid their first three-game skid since January 2012.
Hanson Xiong::So sad. Not good enough to beat the top teams. But good enough to beat the decent teams. Will be surprised if they make the 8th seed of po.
Jarrod Mauren::Ricky looks like he just got dumped at his senior prom. His body language is just pathetic when things aren't going his way.
Noble Charles Lipscomb::everybody must be on sum thing strong...... no brainer heat win by 10 or better tonight
Kirk Bashaw::The HEAT better play with a little more intensity , they look rather Mortal lately!
Anthony Wing::no love---youll be ok...i hope wolves beat ya anyway, but you shouldnt worry BEFORE it happens
George Jimas::weird, miami usually plays like garbage against garbage teams.
Anthony Wing::= a good coached wolves team without much to work with.  no love tonite, mn bench very weak.
Norber Montalbán Carmona::How does Minnesota qualify as a garbage team? They are a no-D team, but playoff material in the West nonetheless, and fun to watch. If they played in the East they'd probably be the third best team.
George Jimas::Norber Montalbán Carmona just because they are an exciting team to watch, doesn't mean they are a good or playoff caliber team. rubio turns the ball over too much, and him and love have a low fg%. like you said they have no defense, which would mean they aren't a good team. not being able to play half of the game is a  pretty big deal.
Chick Steadman::Wade to play tonight ....sounds like a Heat victory for a change.....
Anthony Wing::agreed. im doing my best to WILL a shorthanded victory though  so Watch OUT!
Julie Price::I know Love didn't play, but geez, I thought the game would be closer.
Colin Uza::Miami is a completely different team with Wade in the lineup.
Nate Stein::Wolves have played 4 less games, and are coming off a week of rest. Heat are going to be fresh, wolves will be rusty. Hoping I'm wrong
Tommy Hebl::The Wolves and Heat have both played 19 games...
Nate Stein::Tommy Hebl yes they have, my bad
Al-Jaleel Sawab::I just saw LeBron get dunked on on NBA TV, and Wade's hurt? ouch
