FloydBandwagon::go spurs go! kick some okc a s s
Spurs16xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx::Wow, 46 points in one quarter is flat out embarrassing. Spurs fuc..king suck
bladreq::"San Antonio is 11-23 this season when trailing after the third quarter." ...what? They have 15 losses on the season.
DalvinSplit::Spurs  did not been up to chalange for this game ,On the other hand  Portland was  61 % shooting  . Bottom line when some team is that HOT  you just " forget about it ,move on to the next one "
SpudsMcDougal::I did not see the game. How does something like this happen? A 30 point loss at home to a far superior team sounds like the fix is on with the vegas line
mattd00015::still......... ouch........ at home too.......
sworthin117::no one should score 136 on someone elses court.  Tough to swallow if your a Spur...
-HEAT-FANS-JUST-CAME-FROM-CUBA-::Not a spurs fan ,but this loss means nothing ..it was 1 bad loss so what ,they are still #1 seed lol
sworthin117::It wasnt only one bad loss.  It was one of the worst in franchise history
DalvinSplit::Got to give Blazers respect for shooting  61 % for the game !!! I dont' see any team will  stand  chance with that kind shooting !?
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::your nick is stupid
emthomasjr::Geeze!  It only counts as one game though.  Portland has talent, but the Spurs are still a machine.  As a Grizzlies fan I would love to try to read something into this game regarding the division race, but it simply means nothing except that we have a TOUGH game at the Rose Garden on the 12th!
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::heat - refs = 2nd round exit
Miami-Star1::Dumbest thing ever
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::so the spurs are back on the headlines  i noticed espn forgot about them during the week when they had the most important victory without parker against bulls. NOT EVEN THE HEADLINES  but everyone wanted to talk about heat and lakers struggling to beat the worst teams in the league  you dont fool me ESPN
sinical89::Because hardwork, and nose to the grindstone built America.
SpudsMcDougal::The Spurs are not flashy and their personalities are dull. Why would they be headliners?
nomorten::It is not the most important victory to win against the Bulls with Parker out if Rose is out too.
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::rose is not playing since the beginning of the season  team chemistry aint affect by his absence in this game
MorandoNoBrasil::46 point 4th quarter!  holy crap.
AustinBeal::Its games like this one that always happen at least once to even the best of teams. The 1995-1996 Bulls team that went 72-10 would've been lucky to win this game against the Blazers. The Blazers seemingly made every single shot last night. They were even making 3's from 5 feet behind the 3 point line with ease. Nobody was gonna beat the Blazers and it just happened to be the Spurs that played them.
Spurz2013champs::Spurs gonna take it out on OKC
SpursManiac4Ever::You know it; and they have 3 days to prepare.
Bela8442::FIXED GAME ..
I hate Jerry Jones::great game by Lilliard, Aldridge and company...Lilliard is a BEAST....their entire team couldn't miss a shot.  Spurs D was awful though, I know we can't win them all but an a.ss whooping like this really sucks.
SpursManiac4Ever::I would say it was a combination of both. They just looked out of sync and bored all night.  I turned it off one minute into the 4th; couldn't take anymore.
FlyBlee623_::Nice win, Portland
NOVABuffalo::Congragulations Trail Blazer fans on a good ole *ss whipping of the Spurs.  Sports has a way of keeping you humble and this game proved it.
KiD.Clutch.35::Did I just see a Spurs fan say SA is more talented than OKC???    Put down the pipe, sonny Jim.
127decibels::Spurs ARE more talented than OKC. Last year that may not have been true but since they were forced to give up on Harden, it's not even close.
big145fly::This is exactly what any commentator would say, however they replaced Harden's defense and more with chandler and they have more than enough scoring off the bench. I don't see your point haha
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::3 hall of famers in spurs  what about okc? how many titles? mvp`s?   you are the parrot that repeats what sports commentator want you to repeat
SpursManiac4Ever::I think OKC fans who think like you have the monopoly on pipes there bud!  smh  See your sorry a$$ team on Monday night when we will get rid of this bad taste in our mouth from the NBA led Portland lazers' pounding. And I wouldn't be too giddy if I were you. Your team barely escaped New York with a razor thin 1 point victory.  Better to get such a game out of our system now then later in the playoffs.
-LIVING-IN-THE-PAST-MUCH-::Lol
L.A Fakers::Heat &gt; Spurs. FACT
SpursManiac4Ever::You are stupid. FACT!
-LIVING-IN-THE-PAST-MUCH-::Fail SN fail post
beyonces left buttcheek::we know this. it's not even close
ThunderHornz::Well Spurs- I still don't see a headline-not always a bad thing. I expect you will be on a mission Monday.
SpursManiac4Ever::You better believe it. I think they got caught looking ahead. That, plus those nobody's from Portland couldn't miss a shot.  LOL
sk0dawgs::where's kobecries
SpursManiac4Ever::Crying somewhere
PINKYCUZ-OKC::Don't worry SA, OKC will soon relieve you of the pain of trying to hold on to that 1st place spot in the West.
SpursManiac4Ever::And then you woke up?  LOL
I hate Jerry Jones::I agree...it's about health...while I'd love the #1 seed and health , bottom line is if you're gonna win a championship you gotta win on the road no matter what seed you are
NOVABuffalo::I don't want to sound like a Lakers fan, but #1 seed isn't the deal.  Spurs have indeed won from the #3 slot as well.
driveman01::SA is too well coached and a much more talented team to let OKC take away the #1 seed out of the West. The Thunder had thier chance last year, pack it in now.....it's SA's crown from the West this year :-)
beyonces left buttcheek::LOL, spurs aspiring for regular season accolades as usual. fine with me. miami will win it all anyway, spurs suck too bad to even make it to the finals
alienboy51::Never thought I'd say it but, after watching him almost exclusively when he is on the court, Manu looks to be more of a liability than an asset.  It really bothers me to think this.  But...he forces the ball a lot and his passes into tight spaces cause at least 4-6 turnovers a game.  He's not hitting his long shot consistently.  He still controls the lane, brings a lot of energy to the game and is a spot-on defender but, a lot of the time, he costs the Spurs more times than not on offensive possessions.
justblaze129::Wow dude must not have watched the bulls game on wed. Ginobili was the best player on the court that day
SpursManiac4Ever::It's always fun to read posts from people who know NOTHING about BB.   You're going to question a HOF coach? Really?? Then why aren't you an NBA coach? smh
ShiloInn1985::He hasn't played his game off the ground, in several years. The recurring injuries he's had for the better part of 5-6 years have caught up. He shoots flat-footed. He can't turn the corner(critical for a SG), and on top of that, he's getting older(35 going on 45), by the minute.  Bottom line~ If Pop hitches the Spurs wagon to Manu in TP's absence and expects any real success, he is handling fools gold.
thunderguy80::that's what I've been saying the past few seasons....that he needs to cut down his TO
Mieryekit::REYNALDO BALKMAN. (former NBA player in Knicks and Nuggets)  CHOKE his teammate..!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bmGR2YDa1I
biger_penors_WIN::i got a boner. thanks
biger_penors_WIN::fatboy doesnt know shiiiit
D-Lillard-0::zzzzzzzzz
thunderguy80::why would I be mad my team made the playoffs already..and yours gonna be watching the post season from home...I couldn't be more happy
biger_penors_WIN::LOL HE MAD
biger_penors_WIN::LOL MAD
thunderguy80::I ain't mad I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and $@%! out a smarter statement than that.
thunderguy80::u said no fat people allowed...How long did it take you to come up with that one?
thunderguy80::u mad bro?..
biger_penors_WIN::drill baby drill
thunderguy80::wow Spurs got a beatdown and at home....but don't let this game fool you everyone On Blazers went off which won't happen again especially Maynor who b4 he got hurt avg 4.2 PPG and the most he's ever scored b4 tonight was 15 points in Game 6 against Memphis 2 years ago...hence why OKC got rid of him
D-Lillard-0::20 points is career high for Maynor as a Blazers Player !!
Maniacpkt::most of you missed the point entirely.  Most thunder fans will still root for maynor and harden, just like they still root for jeff green a little bit.  OKC is better off with martin, but james harden is still by far the better player.
AddictedtaQuak::Manor's getting a chance to play...relieving Lillard. Blazers finally have a formidable back up so we don't have to run Damian into the ground. Manor should average double digits in points now that's he's getting playing time. When Portland acquires a deeper bench, they will have to be dealt with. Plus SA mailed it in after the beat down in the first half. Season should be 50 games.
Ill-Blaze::lol don't be all butt hurt because he got career highs in assists a couple games ago and now a career high in points all in a blazers jersey
coatesmlc::20 points isn't even maynor's career high you fool...
ryanbard123::And as a Thunder guy (and therefore new to basketball), you're even that much more upset about him playing well these last few games.  I'll give you slack for not noticing that that Lillard, Aldridge and Hickson where the keys to this win anyway... but Maynor is coming along.  And, oh, he's not an OKC Sonic anymore.
thunderguy80::u didn't pay attention...I didn't say Kmart was a better starter then Harden I said he was better as a 6th man then Harden...plus Kmart never had that 2nd or 3rd option player to take defenders off him like Harden does....
thunderguy80::plus OKC better off with Kmart over Harden..Kmart avg more points as 6th man then Harden did the entire time he was here playing 6th man...plus he's avg more steals as well....and he can actually shoot which now opens up the paint 4 Durrant,Westbrook Ibaka or anyone else to drive to the rim which they didn't have last year...as another shooter Kmart causes the Thunder to spread out other teams defenses..didn't have that with Harden
EricStratton_RushChair::Lol, K Mart is not even close to James Harden.  K Mart's been putting up big stats on useless teams his whole career.
biger_penors_WIN::no fat people allowed
EricStratton_RushChair::OKC also got rid of James Harden.  Obviously not comparing the two, just saying...
MikeMike37::EricStratton_RushChair - OKC also got rid of James Harden.  Obviously not comparing the two, just saying...  harden was offered 55 mil by OKC over 4 years, he chose not to sign. Hard to say the Thunder "got rid" of him.
thunderguy80::because he'd rather make $800K more a yr in a non contender then play 4 one and b the star....not OKC fault
biger_penors_WIN::harden hard-on
biger_penors_WIN::shutup fatboy
MijoMartinez::I can't see any coverage of the game but looks like TB opened up a can in the 4th... well played Portland, well played.
ThunderHornz::Tough game Mijo. Watched highlights- blazers were just cosmically aligned.
biger_penors_WIN::thats enough outta u halfbreed
Michael - The Don - Corleone::Mr.Brock unbanned me
biger_penors_WIN::go wild u slimy d.ago goombah guinea
biger_penors_WIN::nice
biger_penors_WIN::time to pleasure myself, bbl
csachse1::You are lonely.
csachse1::Put shaggy hole hairs in yur urethra!
biger_penors_WIN::you buttmuncher
csachse1::Slip eeyor moms tweezer a $@%! stain!
biger_penors_WIN::english chimp boy, ENGLISH
betcha1992::That would be "$@%!$@%"
biger_penors_WIN::hahahahha exactly you dumass its censored
csachse1::Put boogers on yore moms dick!
biger_penors_WIN::yore? what a dumass
EricStratton_RushChair::How's that Gerald Wallace trade for the lotto pick that gave us Lillard looking for New Jersey?
Brianhau529::Worked out well for both. New Jersey wouldn't have drafted him.
betcha1992::That one must have been censored too...dumass!
biger_penors_WIN::at least you got dumass right this time, dumass.   i guess you can teach an old dumass new tricks
biger_penors_WIN::$@%!$ awesome
glenwoodfore::The fact that Lillard is playing this well in his rookie season is quite stunning considering the core players the blazers have. If Lillard was playing on a team like the hornets or bobcats, he would be killing it.
AddictedtaQuak::He is killing it.
biger_penors_WIN::your mom killed my boner
NW-Prophet82::Not bad. The most points that the Blazers have ever scored in a game was 156 on 11/22/83 @ home against the Nuggets in regulation. Just sharing a cool stat for the board.
biger_penors_WIN::blow me
biger_penors_WIN::im a real jokester
NW-Prophet82::I wouldn't do that. I'm good friends with Mr. Brock. IP ban...no joke...
EricStratton_RushChair::lol this guyyyyyyyy ^^^^^
Lakers4life254::Bunch of morons on this board. Giving props is a insult to you rednecks. Anyways I'm out.
EricStratton_RushChair::damn glad to meet you
biger_penors_WIN::-your mom after my performance
biger_penors_WIN::lol she mad
texican_10::Looks like we had a bad quarter .......
biger_penors_WIN::derp
biger_penors_WIN::hey slam_dunk you look like you love a cawk in each ear dumbo
Lakers4life254::damn you guys were 4 points off record
Spurs16xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx::Lakers out 1st round or they dont make the playoffs.
biger_penors_WIN::indubitably
biger_penors_WIN::lakers blow goats
biger_penors_WIN::no it means youre a dumass
Lakers4life254::This aint a english class you clown. I can writeoanfiosda;fnasdiohfasdiohfiasdo don't mean sh't
biger_penors_WIN::your? i believe you mean you're. dumass
Lakers4life254::wow your sad. Go tip a cow you troll.
Spurs16xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx::Cant wait to rape LAL in the post season
Spurz2013champs::Lol, gg jailblazer fan. U. Just woke up the giant
mheklund::Good one!  "Jailblazers".  that's so early 2000's.  Stay current my friend.
KJsactown::Using this betting system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made around $3000 a month since I started. If you bet on sports at all this system works and will make you $
MijoMartinez::Dang we're gonna need some  salve for that burn... tssss!
KJsactown::Been using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. Im making around 2-3K a month using this systems picks. YOu can find this system on the first page of google when searching for sports betting systems. I have bet on sports a long time and this system is one of the most accurate I have seen or tried.
ShiloInn1985::Spurs fans better hope the Blazers don't get that 8th spot. If the Jazz keep falling, Lakers keep rising and Houston plays over .500, there's still a shot POR could sneak in the #8 backdoor.  Spurs are 5-12 in their last 17 against Portland, going back to 2009. If S.A. faces them at ANY point in the postseason, you can basically kiss your @sses goodbye. And how embarassing will THAT be?
oicurak9::operative word is backdoor.
Im Not Impressed::Well that escalated quickly
slam_dunk_on_u::And as usual most annoying spurts fans are MIA
Spurs16xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx::Giants &gt;	Niners 26-3
EricStratton_RushChair::lol, you serious with that name?  Don't lie, you can't dunk.  You're a tool.  Lakers and Niners?  Can you say bandwagon?
ThunderHornz::Well, his dunks are just below the rim.
slam_dunk_on_u::And as usual most annoying spurts fans are MIA
the_ascent::What the F happened here?
the_ascent::I'll accept that.  Damien is a pretty cool dude...I guess.
csachse1::The Omen.
Sun Devils-Diamondbacks-Cardinals-Suns-Sun Devils::It's always a great day when the Spurs lose! :)
oicurak9::beat it, powder
Spurs16xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx::Shouldn't you be on the suns board, howd they do tonight?
T-Wolves12::So nice, he said it twice.
slam_dunk_on_u::And the way they lost is what makes it even sweeter
slam_dunk_on_u::And the way they lost is what makes it even sweeter
slam_dunk_on_u::Bwahahahaaha just I predicted the overrated spurts are trying to avoid the Lakers..I don't even think pepe lepeu wwould have made a difference...showing true colors again I don't even want to think what will the thunder do to these chumps on Monday...
slam_dunk_on_u::Bwahahahaaha just like I predicted the overrated spurts are trying to avoid the Lakers..I don't even think pepe lepeu wwould have made a difference...showing true colors again I don't even want to think what will the thunder do to these chumps on Monday...
Spurs16xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx::Nice picture f@g.got
