flyingiron2463::weirdos on the message boards I see.
Forkitout24::any suns left on here?
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::nope only former suns fans goooo J-Rich
Forkitout24::Plenty of those out there.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::Well I'm out, GG Suns. Sucks to lose but we aren't doing anything this season. Smart can you please start IT and Jimmer for a couple of games? It might give us something good, you never know. Well tomorrow I'll have to deal with jj's again :(. GN all, GO KINGS!
johnsmith15york::nash might end up in toronto? at least pheonix would get bynum... details on trade ppl saying could happen here http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
TubbyTime334::Suns Getting Hot. Gortat Is A Man.
3cheers44::hammers sure has got game, hes leading the whole league in field goal percentage.
karelp::Definitely underrated.  Back when he was with Orlando, I thought he was more refined offensively than Howard, just not nearly as athletic.  Also, when Howard was in foul trouble Gortat would hold fort.
Psychrates::Carmelo Evans For Metta World Rondo.
Psychrates::We also have the MLE to give.
Psychrates::next year's  line up Rondo/Jimmer/MGK/?/Cousins
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::You have made some great points, but also some stupid points. Why would it bug me, I read because it's funny to read the stupid stuff you say. You also responded to my post where I said you were annoying. That was 5 words(and you have responded when I have said more).
chadwi12::im not crying im calling a bully(smart) on his bull ish.... time will show just that.....  what im saying is this is a forum... we are all here to give opinion... if u dont like it, dont read my comments... problem is, u cant stop reading them because u know that what i say makes tons of sense.. and thats what bugs u, because u cant just blindly root for ur squad like u want to... see i dont care what u say.... thats y i never respond to one of ur post unless its like three words ( browse by material) and is something i can crack a funny on
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::I'm far from the crybaby, I'm not the one complaining every damn minute if a player isn't in the game.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::lol
chadwi12::here this little cry baby goes again.. chad ur so annoying..... u disagree with me.... waaaaaaaa waaaaaaa waaaaaaa its a forum u dip, cry me a river, build me a bridge, and get over it......
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::chad you are so annoying
chadwi12::horse shiz, he will be someones gem, but it will not be here....the team sucks almost as bad as their fans... u would think they would be tired of the basement..... and maybe actually want to try something different.. someone will see what fredette does when he gets ten min every blue moon... and they will snatch him up..... cant wait
Psychrates::He had a game where he scored 13/3/2 in 10 minutes with a steal and charge thrown in. When he directs the break, I feel like I'm watching a sane White Chocolate.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::I just think he is a good bench player, can come in and get you instant offense if he gets hot.
Psychrates::We'll see. He's been incredibly efficient in spurts and figures out D ONCE in a while. He's an SG.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::Jimmer is a bench guy, not a starter.
Psychrates::Seriously. Ev ans and thornton. 2nd rder
Psychrates::Yup, throw in some bones too. I think th at's gonna work.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::that would be a steal for SAC
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::Evans for Rondo?
Psychrates::Carmelo Evans For Metta World Rondo.
aaronearl365::You high?
dodgertodd88::Ouch. THe Kings need blowing up. Keep perhaps half of the young pieces. Get some veterans in there, even some guys on the decline that you could pick up for cheap. That team is immature. And my one Jimmer fan comment: this team is not a good fit for him. He ought to play off the ball, but if he tries that here he'll never get it passed to him (except perhaps from Thomas, but that would be the worst defensive backcourt in the history of the NBA).  Jimmer's NBA role model needs to be Jason Terry. A combo guard offensive specialist off the bench, with a quick release and a respectable dribble.
chadwi12::he doesnt mean trade every body genius, but ur rocking three of the same player in thorton thomas and fredette..... plus evans pretends he's a pg. lol.  they are the youngest team, and they play like the youngest team ever in the history of the nba... they are learning terrible habits, because they have no veterans to make the youngsters feel accountable... and the coach cant hold anyone accountable in sactown.. not with the magoofs... last time a coach tried to do that he got fired.... so he's right, get some veteran accountability to restructure the atmosphere, add some accountability, and yes u will loose some guys in the process.... i nominate fredette as one of the youngsters to take a trade trip lol
chadwi12::this is an intelligent comment real talk... everything he said makes perfect sense...
d.mccue83::blow it up? dude they're the youngest team in the league..you need patience..what they need is a MUCH better coach who knows who to play and when...
d.mccue83::very much agreed..especially considering the guy thats counted on to be the vocal team leader is cousins..thats never good..though Garcia is actually a very good player and guy to have around the locker room. he's the consumate pro.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::Kings do need a veteran player or 2
JBurhenn253::even though isaiah shot 3-13 he still finished plus 8. so apparently he didnt play too bad, still had 5 rebs, 2 assists and 2 steals. still would like to see him and jimmer in together
chadwi12::dude i never said fredette has deserved isiahs spot. not yet... what i did say is u cant have it both ways... if plus 4 no matter how u individually play = a pretty good game... then -11 has to mean the opposite... my beef is that when u a mostly responsible for a 20point 4th qtr comeback in la vs the lakers, then u shouldnt have to deal with playing 8 min the next game in a game ur team loses
chadwi12::well vs the laker he was 6 for 12 and was minus 11 while fredette was plus 6 vs the LAKERS i might add...so just flip flop the games.... something tells me u will find a way to keep the both under the category of good games for isiah...
JBurhenn253::no blinders on for me. the stats show that he doesnt rebound or get assists. an occasional assists doesnt constitute being able to do it. haha...you think jimmer has had the cards stacked against him. he was picked in the top fifteen and is being paid millions all the while a kid who was picked last and is making less than half a million and wasnt even given a spot on the squad is outplaying him. you do realized isaiah had to make the roster first, then he has not only earned mins but earned a starting spot and has played well while starting. thats the definition of having the cards stacked against you and succeeding.
chadwi12::when u say fredette does nothing, its u that has the blinders on... he makes the defense account for him at all times.... he most certainly can pass and u know u have seen him drop some nice dimes off again and again, the problem is, ur not seeing any of the things he can do, because his coach is not a fan, and he's having all the cards stacked against him... guess what, if u r a shooter, and yet ur pathetic  jealous teammates (no matter how hard they fake it when the cameras on) wont  swing u the ball when ur wide open, like tonight, and ur coach never lets u play with the ball, never runs u off screens, rarely gives u an on the ball screen, basically does nothing to help u show ur game off,  if ur an ave nba player, ur never gonna be able to get ur game going under those circumstances... fredette has all that going against him,  and worse still he has to deal with his coach putting him on the pine every time he turns around.. and with all that neg, his unbelievable scoring still finds away to creep  out of the sacramento darkness from time to time, (at least until smart panically puts him back on the pine) and show everybody what he can still do when given some min... now imagine him playing for a team and coach who loves his skill set, and would do anything to take advantage of them....
JBurhenn253::chadwi- please come to your senses. Look at their PER if you must. jimmer has one talent and that is scoring. this can be suspect at times. other than this he does nothing. isaiah can score, rebound, play defense, pass, get to the line. what  dont you get about this?
Psychrates::Carmelo Evans For Metta World Rondo.
neilchr::Actually he did play THAT bad because they ended up -8 on the scoreboard.  Take you Bill James basketball crap elsewhere.
JBurhenn253::i dont like the per and plus minus either but people always wanna use it against zeke so thats why i bring it up. dont be a s m a r t a s s
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::we aren't going anywhere and gonna have another lotto pick, kings should start IT and Jimmer to see what happens.
JBurhenn253::i think he should loosen up but using last year (college) as a reason as to why he ll succeed here is stupid. this isnt college.
btate2000::Prob is that your team won't even let JIMMER be JIMMER.  Why the HELL draft him if you don't like what he did last year and WON'T let him do that for your team?  He maybe took ONE shot tonight.  That's not his game.  He was the PLAYER OF THE YEAR last year.  You got a coach that just want's to put a leesh on him and "SHOW him a lesson" on "Welcome to the league ROOK!"  Well Congrats on jacking the kids confidence and shutting down this kids game that got you CLOWNS to trade up to get him to begin with.  The team has ZERO structure and the OVER-RATED players are running the show.  This thing you got going in SAC TOWN is UNWATCHABLE.  Have fun with it.
JBurhenn253::dodger- that works.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::I want to see IT/Jimmer/Evans/Thompson/DMC starting 5 for 2 games to see how they do. Not for the season just a couple of games.
Psychrates::Carmelo Evans For Metta World Rondo.
dodgertodd88::You don't have to start the two of them. Just give them 15-20 minutes per game on the court together.
JBurhenn253::im for that but can we really say jimmer should start as of right now over thorton or evans?
Psychrates::Carmelo Evans For Metta World Rondo.
chadwi12::happy happy joy joy u are all over the place.... earlier tonight u were screaming for smart to play jimmer... then u got pissed that he took him out.... now ur off that bandwagon and ur saying he should get fifteen min... r u serious... u said thomas had two bad games... . well u left out the lakers game... see by sactown loyalist standards (this was all of ur reasoning when jimmer had the four starts, ave 17 a game and shot 14 for 23 from 3, yet that mattered not, because the kings didnt win) so u dont get to give isiah a double standard, vs the lakers, the kings were a negative 11 with thomas in the game, and a plus six with fredette... but u bozos dont even get it.... smart is gonna kill something special and u dummies dont even care... he's shown u how hot he can get everytime he has been given extended min, begging for fans to help force this piece of shiz coach to give him an equal shot.... but not a bit of out rage will come from this dumb ace fan base...  i guess im being harsh.... maybe u guys arent getting a fair shot because u didnt watch him in college, but when i see him again and again show major flashes of the same fredette that won the National player of the year, and took a nobody squad of misfits to a number 3 ranking, and a overtime loss to florida away from the elite 8; vs the grizzlies he did with min, in four starts he did it, vs minn in the fourth qutr he did it, and again vs the lakers in the fourth he did it, and almost brought u all the way back at staples, yet tonight he gets no time, and when he's in he had no touches.... and u idiot fans dont care... please basketball gods get this kid the hell outta basketball purgatory...
d.mccue83::completely agree. it doesn't necessarily tell the story about the players value in a specific game..good point.
chadwi12::this team is selfish... extremely selfish... to put fredette in twice (once a half) 4 min each time, never even touching the ball, yet still staying + in the plus minus category due to the defense having to guard him, yet his coach yanks him both times... thats criminal.... he's squad did not look for him once... i just hate this team..... they are so selfish.... and thats y i dont understand y u dont give him more of a look.... at least he shares the ball, plays the right way.. oh yea, he's also a legit flame thrower...
Psychrates::+/- is the stupidest stat conceived. I know if you believe in that, you believe in faerie tales and kings basketball
d.mccue83::chadwi...Jimmer is shooting 38%...how good has he really been? not that good..considering he can't rebound, can't assist for a player that plays the PG position..can't defend..and doesn't go to the line..than add that 38% and what do you get? a kid that has a long way to go.
j_erick11::You can't get to the line if you don't get touches and all your coach wants you to do when you get it is shoot it. He didn't have a problems with it at BYU because he had the ball and was given opportunities to take it to the hole. Now the NBA surely is not the NCAA, but it is still basketball and if you don't know if he can do what he did in college if you don't let him try it. In the end Jimmer can play ball and he has shown it, including good passing (go to the first game against the Suns when the great Grant Napear said of a few of Jimmer's passes, "Not everyone can pass like that") and shooting but in order to build confidence and consistency in this league you need to play in games and do what you do best, which for Jimmer is run the break. The rotation is inconsistent and Coach Smart is very quick to pull him if anything maybe slightly goes wrong. That's not how you make a young talent into a solid pro player. Example is Knicks v. Raptors. Lin had 7 turnovers early, but he wasn't pulled, and then he pulled them back into the game. Now he is getting the TO down. Smart would have pulled him, because as stated on this board, when Jimmer has good games he finds himself sitting on the bench in the next one for more minutes. Lately his shooting PCT is up, so you can't give me that as reason that he shouldn't play because he really is improving, but he isn't being allowed PT on a bad team. All of the young guys need time on this team and you can't give it to all of them start trading the ones you don't want. No hard feelings, its just the way the league works.
d.mccue83::thats an insult to Terry...Terry is one of the most underrated players in the league..he plays great defense..draws contact..knows the game inside and out..great intelligence..can creat his own shot..and can shoot at a very high percentage..bad comparison...he might be able to J.Redick..a better comparison.
dodgertodd88::Jimmer is not an NBA point guard. At least not a starting NBA point guard. He needs to try to be a white Jason Terry, and he can be if he's on the right team.
d.mccue83::Chadwi.....you picked out the 1 game where Jimmer had a higher +/- than Thomas..Thomas leads the team in +/-...and Jimmer is nowhere close..so thats pretty pointless to pick the one game he had a higher +/-
d.mccue83::i know really.
dodgertodd88::+/- means even less than PER.
JBurhenn253::he picks and chooses the numbers that support his case and ignores all the other ones. he is fighting the wrong battle and he cant see it
chadwi12::I DID see Jimmer play because I'm a SDSU fan. "I see now" ;-)  I know what he can do but the NBA is completely different than NCAA, a lot of players who have amazing NCAA careers have solid NBA careers.  "i know thats y i made reference of the many double figure scoring quaters, to illustrate the same jimmer still lives"  vaguely thanks to smarts allotted 8 min of playing time
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::Let me tell you this, I never went on the "bandwagon". I said I wanted Jimmer to get more time(15min per game is more than he has been getting). I know Jimmer has had good games. Also, I DID see Jimmer play because I'm a SDSU fan. I know what he can do but the NBA is completely different than NCAA, a lot of players who have amazing NCAA careers have solid NBA careers.
chadwi12::neilchr who are u calling a dip stick..... do u like freddette or not... im confused as to ur purpose
chadwi12::20 min a week.... those are fighting words....
neilchr::That still includes the 30 min a game he was getting with a real coach dip stick.  Math is obviously not your thing is it.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::A lot of that was earlier in the season, lately he hasn't gotten that many. I would be happy to see him get 20min a week and see what he does.
chadwi12::actually he is ave 20 min a game
treezeyforsheezey::The fact of the matter is that this season is over for the kings. Smart needs to take a hard look at his roster and decide who he wants to keep for next year. Screw around with the rotation. Sit Thorton on the bench. Start Salmons. Start Jimmer and It together. Move some pieces around and figure it out, because you haven't found anything that works so far.
d.mccue83::what?
chadwi12::what a min d mccue are u that one thorton that pops up errrrrr now and then
d.mccue83::dominated what? the boards? getting his teammates involved? on the defensive ends with steals and blocks..what did he dominate? he's your run of the mill streaky scorer who can score in bunches, and hit the 3...a la Ja.Crawford, J.Redick.
j_erick11::Watch the games lately my friend. He's gotten it done when they let him play. That's why we complain. There is no reason a guy should go for 12 in the fourth, get your team back in the game then get on the court for 10 min and only shoot 1 time. This is the problem. If he isn't going to play let someone else give it a try. Someone will take him for a decent price if you look for the trade. The  Celtics traded Chauncey Billups after drafting him 5th overall that same year. It worked out ok for both sides.
Psychrates::You're smoking, fool. jimmer has dominated @ points.
d.mccue83::its not that its an unhappy marriage..he hasn't done anything to earn minutes..what's so difficult about this.look at his stats and +/-...he's looked completely lost at this level..but even than, he isn't the 1st college star to look lost in the NBA..he should never start..thats out of the question..but he should see a consistent 15-20 every game..only way you can either get improvement, or confirm he doesn't have what it takes.. Coach is the worst coach i've ever seen at managing a line-up..i mean ever..i've been watching bball for 30 years and he's absolutely CLUELESS about who to play, when to play...for starters you dont sit your most potent scorer for the entire 4th qtr of every game..you will NEVER win by doing that..
chadwi12::jesus jones..... are  u serious... did u not watch the lakers game u stupid idiot.... that showing was followed up by eight min of playing time in a loss where his min were positive min for the kings... whatever dude... leave my post alone, we will just agree to disagree
chadwi12::a freekin men.... dont even begin to tell me that there arent places in the league where jimmer doesnt get big time min.... its not fair to him or his fans to single handedly smother out a freekin mania, just because ur franchise cant sell tickets and merchandice on its on, and needs jimmer to make it work.... if u played him thats one thing... but what this dumb idiot is doing is killing his confidance.... he needed a coach to have his back no matter what, not smother him out every single time he catches fire
treezeyforsheezey::And if he doesn't want Jimmer, for the sake of Jimmer fans and for the sake of people that are sick of Jimmer fans, just freaking trade him. This is obviously an unhappy marriage.
Psychrates::$@%! that. He waits 2 years before anything.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::Salmons doesn't deserve to start, I want to see IT/Jimmer starting for a couple of games.
kcisney BYU::^ This
The_Grand_Poobah3::Jimmer is such a liability on defense, I was at the Clippers/Kings game...They scored on him at will. He never had to play D in college and it shows in the NBA. Watch him off the ball on D, he stands straight up half the time, and cannot guard the pick and roll. That's why he's not getting tick. He would have to be so efficient on offense to make up for his D, but it's not even close. I agree they need to have him running off screens more and not handle the ball because his pick and roll game isn't at a pro level yet.
neilchr::He seemed to have a hard on for bad passing, no defense, and trying to shoot against power forwards tonight, none of which actually worked shockingly.
neilchr::Well, we know that IT didn't have a giant hard on for Steve Nash since he couldn't find him for most of the night.
The_Grand_Poobah3::lol ok im done. you aren't watching the games or you just have a giant hard on for Fredette.
chadwi12::and tonight in the first half fredette was on nash and nicely contested three jump shots all of which nash missed
The_Grand_Poobah3::yeah what happened after he hit those threes. He was immediately silenced the rest of the game. And why does it matter that Paul held him on the defensive end. I'm saying Jimmer didn't guard Paul once on D.
treezeyforsheezey::The only person who silences Jimmer is the guy who puts him on the bench.
chadwi12::u aint gonna convince someone who doesnt already love fredette, because more than likely there is a bigger than basketball reason if they dont already love him
chadwi12::thats horse shiz who scored on him at will
treezeyforsheezey::He didn't guard CP3? Because I saw Jimmer drain back to back 3s right over his head
The_Grand_Poobah3::No. Jimmer didn't guard CP3 once. He would have ended up on a stretcher after getting crossed so badly.
treezeyforsheezey::He played better D tonight than Isaiah did.  Oh, and you watched him in the match up with CP3? Pretty sure CP3 makes D-rose look incompetent.
JBurhenn253::isaiah had 2 steals tonight and has more blocks on the year than jimmer. also isaiah ranks in the top 4 in the league in pick and roll defense. nice try though treezey
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Remember: Sports junkies rule and news hounds suck.
UteHawkeyeBronco2212::I hope Jimmer gets traded to a team that doesn't BEYOND suck
williamebonybrick::BYU welcome to the NIT lol
JBurhenn253::they will once he arrives. i dont actually believe this Im just trying to rile up the jimmer bums
Psychrates::$@%! you, we're keeping him. Bye, Reke.
Psychrates::YOu mean tyreke is so bad
neilchr::We just want to know.  Maybe he will fail miserably, but this team is SO BAD that you just want the pain to stop.  I'd like to see if he can bring the ball down, run an offense, etc.  Ain't going to happen here with this awesome group of super athletes.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::Ute fan lol
treezeyforsheezey::This means a lot from a Ute fan too.
neilchr::Thomas played pathetic defense tonight.  Jimmer got beat a few times but at least I could actually tell who his man WAS.  Thomas was so far behind Steve Nash at times I thought he was either lost or had just given up completely.  Those are just the facts, sorry if you don't like them.  Also, for the most part Thomas just brings the ball down, passes it, and then stands around and watches.  Again, watch the game, tell me that I'm wrong.  He's also not a very good passer and he may very well have a 40 inch vertical, but watch the last few plays of the game and he may have left the floor about 10 inches.  Again, sorry if you don't like it, but just the facts.  All that said I really don't care who starts because this team is SO BAD.  Let him start, don't care, but after the last 2 games to give Jimmer basically no minutes and no real touches is truly pathetic coaching.  A final point.  Doesn't this lineup actually have to win at some point?  I'm told it's a better lineup with Thomas but I see a win over a Washington team the likes of which EVERYONE beats and a win against Utah.  That's it.  How is THAT better?  Again, not saying Jimmer is the answer, just wondering what those of you who think Thomas has saved the season are actually watching?  Not the same games as I am, that's for sure.
williamebonybrick::He's a rookie you idiot! Your team is garbage compared to the better teams FACT IT needs as much time as possible, he's only going to get better. Jimmer is a liability on defense. A pure scorer with no defensive skills should come off the bench until he develops  a defensive game.  Thomas-Better defender,rebounder,passer Fredette-Better scorer maybe...
j_erick11::Your argument makes no sense. They are both rookies and neither has proven that they consistently are better than the other. They both need minutes to develop. I don't buy that IT is a head and shoulders better passer. Jimmer makes some good passes, but he hasn't gotten the ball as much as IT does. IT does go for rebounds, but I don't really care if my PG is a good rebounder, that's not his job. Neither is that proven yet, as are none of the players on this team. That's why they should all get the opportunity to develop not 20 min one night then after a good game a DNP. (That's the story of Jimmer this season)
neilchr::I'll give him as many games as you die hard fans want.  Let him start all of them, don't care.  Just hard to justify giving Jimmer 10 min a game and essentially no touches at this point.,  You THAT sure about IT?  Just saying it may not hurt to still keep him up in the 20 min range so that he can at least get going a bit.  Smart just seems to lock in on something whether it actually works or not.
neilchr::I love his heart by the way, but you can't play defense that way.
neilchr::Really?  Did your coach teach you to try and run through a screen when you are 5'8 and weigh 180 pds?  You musta learned how to play somewhere else I guess.  Also, yes the fans now know IT can pass since they caught two of them tonight.
Psychrates::Kid's tired from proving himself. Give him one more crappy game and he'll find himself.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::IT can pass and play defense and I've watched the games. The offense has been a lot better since IT has started but the defense has been terrible, doesn't really matter who is starting.
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::The all star break was good for us. We've played loads better after it than we did before it.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::mccue83, trust me I'm sick of the jimmer min talk every game.
treezeyforsheezey::Thorton has already hit his ceiling, and so has IT. IT plays with passion, which is great, but he also plays desperate. He makes open 3's or charges the basket, and thats it. He is too short to guard anyone.   Thorton has the lowest basketball IQ of anyone currently starting in the NBA. He takes stupid shots, and sometimes they go in. If Jimmer took as many shots has him he would have twice as many points.   The knocking on IT comes from the fact that there is a double standard. Jimmer plays great, and then gets DNP out of the blue. IT has 2 terrible games, and Jimmer still sees almost no playing time.
d.mccue83::its 90% coaching..he takes his best offensive players and benches them 4th quarters for backups that shouldnt be playing in crunch time for any NBA team at all. Smart is one of the worst coaches i've ever seen. i can't believe he has an NBA  job, and more so, how i'm the only that  notices it..he's an epically bad coach.
j_erick11::If the starters were in against the Lakers they remain behind by 20. The bench brought the spark to bring them back into the game and deserved to be out there to try to finish what they started. Almost every night it's not even close, why should starters that dug themselves a hole get to be in the game? It's not even crunch time if you are down 20.
warb8::It's a team game.  IT was a steal in the draft.  No ? Period.  He had an off night but is good enough to get his time.  It was earned. I don't see any team ball and that's not all coaching.
d.mccue83::IT reached his potential? Thornton has reached his potential? Thornton has the lowest IQ in the NBA, and if Jimmer took this many shots he'd score twice as many points..M.Thornton this season is at .423 in FG%...J.Fredette is at .383  from the field...this could be the dumbest comment of the night..thanks man, you made my night..oh and Jimmer has ZERO ability in creating his own shot, and drawing contact..as well as he's one of the worst defenders i've ever seen. this isn't college..you need to play defense if he ever wants to start for an NBA team..
j_erick11::Steve Nash? He was an MVP without playing defense. The defense thing is a poor argument to give Jimmer DNPs after having good games.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::Thornton does take stupid shots but I still think can be good if he took less shots.  How can you say IT has reached his ceiling in his rookie year? He is not a bad defender like you think. Yeah he is smaller than most but he can still play defense. IT is also a good passer and can make contested shots.
d.mccue83::i honestly have to ask this...why is this room filled with people all saying the exact same thing..why doesn't Jimmer get more time? why does he deserve more time? what does he offer that either Thornton, Evans, or Thomas doesn't offer...scoring? nope. a great facilitator? nope..a great rebounder? nope...a great defender? hell no...a great shooter? nope. streaky yes...a player that can create his own shot? not much..a  player that's good at drawing contact and getting to the line? nope...so what is it that's making you people ask over and over why he doesn't get minutes..Thornton, Thomas, and Evans are all much better players than him..in just about every single facet of the game..does he deserve maybe around the 20 mpg range? sure. between 17-20 sounds about right..but Garcia deserves minutes over him as well..i'm just fascinated by the give jimmer more minutes rants i see every single Kings game night in this forum.
JBurhenn253::you are very gracious. you named off a lot of skills and said jimmer didnt have any of them and yet you say he should play 20 mins a game. you are too nice. if he cant do anything that you listed off he shouldnt be playing period
d.mccue83::you don't earn a permanent spot unless you earn it in your play on the court..he's not doing anything to show he deserves to be a starter for any NBA team..granted he's not been giving the 15-20 minutes every rookie deserves..but in the limited mins, he's looked lost in the NBA.
Mikecito::Jimmer plays great for the time he plays, but I think his fans are more angry about him not playing than he is.  He's a rookie, and has at least one more year to earn a permanent spot.  He looks disheartened, but I think he's still happy as a clam to be in the NBA.  I'm not happy with his playing time, but that's pretty normal for any fan when their favorite player doesn't get in the game much.  Either way, give it time.  Smart is a poor coach, the team won't pass to Jimmer, and IT is hot right now (except tonight obviously).  Hopefully he gets traded or they start to use him as a shooter.  Until then, just be patient.    In answer to your question, mccue83 or whatever your name is... Jimmer has amazing skills that just haven't been utilized like they should.  He's also stuck on a team that won't give him the time of day most of the time.  That's why the fans complain.
kcisney BYU::This.
d.mccue83::agree he had a great college career. but this is the NBA..and in the NBA you have to be able to do multiple things. like defend..shoot at a reasonable percentage..draw contact to get to the line..rebound. does he have potential. sure..but he's got a LONG ways to go to be a starter in the NBA.
Mikecito::He's not just a shooter.  He drew more fouls than anyone I've seen in college.  He has great IQ on the floor and is great with assists and team play.  His defense needs work, but that describes most NBA players. :D
d.mccue83::playing defense, and drawing contact are things that only Kobe and Michael Jordan can do? those are the NBA basics.lol i can clearly see you're biased...but i played HS and college ball, and he has a long ways to go..you cant just be a shooter and nothing else. and thats even if he was an elite shooter..which he's not even that, judging by his 38% FG percentage.. he offers almost nothing.. sorry man, i don't know how you don't see that. you must not follow basketball too closely..does he have potential as a scorer, yes.. but he has a long way to go in basically every other facet of the game.
Mikecito::You just named a lot of things that most of the players are good at one or two of... not all of the above.  Players that are good at all those things are called Kobe, Michael, Larry etc.  They are one out of hundreds.
kcisney BYU::It's cause Jimmer is our (I'm speaking generally of Jimmer fans, of course there are plenty of exceptions) favorite player in the NBA and we like to see him do well. Of course he isn't perfect at everything but lately when he has played more he has done well and so it's frustrating because we know his potential (I watched almost every game of his entire college career, he has tons of potential, even in the NBA) and he can't get there without getting some confidence. Fun fact: Jimmer averaged only 7 points his freshman year at BYU. He can and will improve if given the opportunity, and that's all we want.
williamebonybrick::face the facts my friend at this point his college game does not work in the NBA. I'm sorry but it is what it is.
d.mccue83::well? he was ok, nothing special.. tonight he had  0 pts in 10 mins..and the other night he was decent..but he was also playing in garbage time, vs the Lakers backups..like i said, 15-20 is feasible..but he doesn't deserve anything more than that..he's just not that good. other than a streaky shooter who can hit the 3.
The_Grand_Poobah3::umm, seriously? It's because he's white.
dexter4oz::Are u saying he's better at being white?  That almost sounds racist.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::I think 15min a game is good, but right now he is getting 10. He has played well the last 2 games and that should earn you more time.
Forkitout24::I actually hoped that PHX would have acquired Jimmer in the draft but I am glad we go M.Morris !!!!!
chadwi12::thats just because u have watched jimmer ride the pine all night, and never get a single swing pass... if u had of seen him vs la or the other la, u would have thought different./
itsatrap123::I thought Marcus would be better but he's struggled. I'm sort of surprised that Markieff has been more successful but I like those guys.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::No I think he is happy they drafted Morris because he has played well for them
MIZRACH888::I live here at Sacramento and it sucks that my State tax goes to build a new arena to this garbage team.  They cant even win a $@%!! For sure there will be a new coaching staff and players next season. Bunch of losers!!!  CLICK 'LIKE" IF YOU AGREE
chadwi12::i wish someone could get me fredettes stats since the game before he got the four starts....  not points per game, assist per game, etc. because he has played so little its irrelevant .. just %'s FG and 3 point fg
Nawknai::IT played poorly, but Jimmer didn't do anything while he was on the court.
BubbaSpiker::Now this was a stupid comment.
JBurhenn253::i think isaiah was plus 8
sykog::Well Isaiah was +4, Jimmer was 0
sklater::It's not about the points, it's how you make the team better, right Nawknai???
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::Jimmer deserves 15min a game Jimmer does not deserve more time than IT because IT has played very well as a starter with 2 bad games vs PHX and LAC
JBurhenn253::once again i have nothing against jimmer but where do people get the idea that jimmer deserves 15 mins. he is not, nor is anyone entitled to anything. nobody has answered this for me yet. a top 10 pick doesnt entitle you to anything. the coach will play you if he feels you can help. its that simple
JBurhenn253::really? playing decent over 2 games automatically gets you more mins huh? what about the other guys who have played well? do you just take their mins because jimmered played well?
kcisney BYU::Except he has helped lately when he's played more mins. That's why it's frustrating to see him not playing very many mins lately. But yeah I don't think he has earned 30 mins either, I personally think about 20-25 would be nice.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::The last 2 games he has played very well off the bench, that should earn you more time
Final Fantasy 5::Jumpin and skippin along singing my potato song
dexter4oz::Maybe Jimmer's brother ought to talk to the coach about his playing time.
sklater::He could sing it to the tune of "REGULATORS!!!!!, It was a clear black night, a clear white moon, all you...
chadwi12::you think that would really help....  or r u pityfully attempting to be funny
sykog::Why do I watch this team lol
Forkitout24::Way to go ASU Sun Devils in beating UofA Wildcats. This puts the Cats in the NIT discussion and a "bubble team" for March Madness!
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::It's always a good day when the Wildcats lose. Especially to the Sun Devils  It's like the Suns knocking the Spurs out of the playoffs on the last day of the season but even better.
Zippppppp::Frye is 5 for 30 over his last two games, man that is awful.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::What sucks is that Jimmer could get 15min a game and take 8 shots per game, and we would still get jimmer fans going crazy that he doesn't get 25min
mattyjthompson1::I'm a big IT fan and you will find it hard to find anybody else that plays harder than him. But...... Jimmer is a better NBA player. Problem lies with a bad coaching staff and a bunch of teammates that only care about themselves.
JBurhenn253::how can you honestly say that jimmer is a better nba player. numbers definitely dont agree with you right now
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::I think IT will be better, but it's too early to tell who will have a better career
chadwi12::how good are the kings with isiah again... the seem to be racking up a lot of L's lately...
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::They are a young team it is gonna take time. Look at the offensive stats, they are better since he has been starting
chadwi12::word.... it still would be an injustice yes..
sklater::word???????
itsatrap123::Whoa, whoa, whoa. I love Jimmer as much as the next guy but right now I would give IT more time. I think Fredette deserves more time than he gets however.
kcisney BYU::Not trying to be irrational here but he does deserve more playing time. But from what I understand you'd agree with that as well. Jimmer fans are just passionate about their guy, and get upset if he doesn't play. Makes enough sense from that perspective, though I understand where you're coming from.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::I know that Jimmer fans are passionate, I've seen it since he was drafted. He deserves more min he has been getting especially after 2 good games vs both LA teams.
treezeyforsheezey::He deserves more than IT. You can do the math accordingly.
JBurhenn253::who says? you? who are you? whats your background to show the rest of us that we should consider what you say? played at the park huh? played junior high basketball? do tell
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::well I can tell you are completely bias :/. He doesn't deserve more than IT, because IT has played well as a starter and has made the team play better.
79dannyo::The coaching of the kings is a joke.  Jimmer starts to get confidence and play well and what does Smart do.....gives him very little playing time.  I am also getting way sick of Jimmer being WIDE WIDE FREAKIN open at the 3 and NOBODY will pass to him.
chadwi12::this has been the scenerio all year long... point blank.... i have blinders yes... but i also know basketball..... and jimmer has gotten a raw deal...
Forkitout24::AstroHuksy, Where was that "dose" of I.T tonight? It was riveting.
saiem::Suns could legitimately make the playoffs. Other teams in the West are dropping off while we're streaking. Go Suns!
Deven3091::Which they won't!
wrecks ryan::<a href="http://28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m0e6vwfn131qcyp9ro1_500.jpg">Gortat is Nasty</a>
79dannyo::Wow...what a stellar performance by Isaiah Thomas. 3/13....yea that is just "great".
chadwi12::here goes burhenn again with his ingenious outlook.... are u serious man....  fredette has back to back games where he equals or betters isiah's production but he does it in a quater, and his result is 8 min of action.. 4 min a half. not even time to find ur groove.... if ur a kings fan ur an idiot...
JBurhenn253::he equals or comes close to isaiah's scoring thats it. that is not jimmer equalling his production. isaiah finished easily with more assists, steals, rebs. dont bring that weak argument in here. you do realize that jimmer played 20 mins last game not 8 mins. pay attention partner
Nawknai::IT is more dependable than Tyreke, and Reke gets minutes.
JBurhenn253::um thanks for pointing out the obvious. hes young, and this is the first bad shooting night he has really had since starting. get over people miss shots. you cant score if you dont shoot.
treezeyforsheezey::Yes, and when one person on the team has a bad game, he gets DNP for 5.
itsatrap123::And sometimes this happens even if a player has a few good games in a row. You can't predict what Smart will do next. It keeps you on the edge of your seat.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::which was stupid
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::He struggled, everybody has their bad games
JBurhenn253::even against the clips he played pretty well. he did have 6 to's against them but other than that he played fine.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::Besides the Clippers game and tonight he has played well as a starter
JBurhenn253::haha your a $@%!$@%. show me another game where he played bad. he didnt even play bad he just struggled to get shots to fall, there is more to basketball than just scoring
chadwi12::seems like u have said that quite a bit lately
wrecks ryan::IT just has one every night
arizonasting001::Three game win streak.. nice.
arizonasting001::all in good fun
Forkitout24::yip. I am excited we have 10 wins. LOL
Forkitout24::nice. Sorry I was enjoying the ASU / UofA board.
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::YES!!!!!! 3 game winning streak. The Suns really got hot those last few minutes. Great day when the Sun Devils and Suns win on the same day. I'll sleep well tonight. GO SUNS!!!!!!!
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::To chad  Your problem is that if I say something you don't like then I'm a moron or racist of whatever other names you call kings fans. Jimmer DESERVES to get 15min a game. I want jimmer to do well with THE KINGS. But when Jimmer jockey's go CRAZY all the time when he doesn't get the min he deserves they rip the whole team and call the coach a racist. He is very stupid with managing min., but not racist.
sklater::You are such a moronic racist.
sklater::You wanna go to a KKK march with me?
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::I'm white
kcisney BYU::And I'm a huge Jimmer fan, too
kcisney BYU::I agree.
Linfanticide::now all the suns have to do to get to .500 is to beat OKC, DAL, and MEM back-to-back-to-back.
Deven3091::Phoenix isn't suppose to be contending this year and for years to come!
Deven3091::Haha. Your joking right?! OKC is dominant at home, Dallas is back on track and Memphis is on a roll. You obviously don't watch enough Basketball!
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::I think he was being sarcastic
d.mccue83::and for the 7th straight game Thornton( the teams best offensive player) sits on the bench for the entire 4th qtr for a backup...and yet again, another loss. keep benching your best offensive player every f*cking game for the entire 4th qtr Smart, you peice of sh*t...how the f*ck does this guy have an NBA coaching job. how? who the hell is going to score enough for this team to come back in the 4th every game when Thornton sits for either Jimmer Fredette or John Salmons..i'm done with this team until they fire this a$$hole.
d.mccue83::no he shouldnt have. your also forgetting that without his 1st qtr 5-8 with 13 pts this team wouldn't have even had a shot to win in the 4th..he's still the teams best offensive player..and it's pretty obvious that all these benching him for the entire 4th fiasco's is screwing with his rythm..its not a coincidence that he's always hot in the 1st half. he should be playing 35 mins per game, and especially needs to be in there for at least the last 6 mins of the 4th qtr..jimmer, and salmons should not be playing the last 10 mins of the 4th qtr..you think they're going to come back to win with them..they cant draw fouls..they play ZERO defense..they are also rythm shooters.. and both offer absolutely nothing except some streaky nights.
d.mccue83::every game ppl make excuses..who cares..he's the team's best offensive player. he leads the team in scoring, FT%, +/- and smarts. and is a rythm shooter..and should never ever sit for a 4th qtr of any game, nevermind every game for the entire qtr..its one thing if they had a Jamal Crawford, or Terry on the bench..Smart has single handedly cost this team any chance to compete..he's the dumbest coach i've ever seen coach in the NBA...and thats saying alot.
79dannyo::Dude, Thornton shot terrible this game. He should have been sitting.
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::Thornton was bad the 3rd Q
wrecks ryan::Gortat is NASTY
CB224737::ASU and the Suns Win....good day for B-Ball
Linfanticide::suns win again.
Deven3091::I can't believe the Suns are winning. This isn't suppose to happen. If they make the playoffs, I'm gonna puke!
Orange602::LOL, why would FSAZ do a postgame interview with Frye?
thethithua::how sadly SAC wanna cover agaisnt LAK and now they throw this game away.. FK U VEGAS
thethithua::how sadly SAC wanna cover agaisnt LAK and now they throw this game away.. FK U VEGAS
Chicago Bulls81791::I saw the Ark of the Covenant and lived
sklater::get your eye sight checked.  A 12 pack of bud light is not, I repeat NOT, the Ark of the Covenant.
Dj2Hauter::So in the NBA some teams foul and some teams don't... Why couldn't the Jazz do this yesterday instead of fouling and launching 3's... SMH
Dj2Hauter::Sometimes I think players and coaches know the spread....NBA will always be rigid to me.
thethithua::because its all about the SPREAD and OVER UNDER
sklater::Who really shot JFK?  Did we really land on the moon?  What really happened at Roswell?
