_the REAL Gloria West::manny had 4 points off the bench in 1 min. of play... come on coach scott!
captinbeezo::Joe 27.5 last 4 gms %53 from field. %57 from 3
TYLILMAX::best sg not named kobe or wade
martysparty2042::Cleveland still rocks
shaqatastic::LOL. If you live in Sudan, I guess Cleveland rocks.
The Land of Cleve::Never should have traded sessions
duke of early bird::yeah because a guy that plays 24mpg on a losing team is worth keeping!
bk the king::Manny Harris has got to be getting more playing time!
spong3bobrox::Kyrie and Gee are the only REALLY legit players on the team. It's so embarrasing. I know Kyrie and everybody else is getting tired of it cause of I am......
ChiefWahoo1995::The Hawks made the Cavaliers look really bad today.  Come on Cavas get back on track.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_39
yata9arasu::WTG OHIO BOBCATS!!!  :D
KingGeorge53::Thanks man!     This has been an outstanding run.
yata9arasu::Good game Hawks!  Gee is really nice and congrats to Kyrie on the double double!!!  Go Cavs!
yorkalldayy::the real big 3? scalibrine luke walton and kwame brown http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/p/best-nba-memes.html
Mountainrockis67::I've been following a betting system called sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3K a month for two consecutive months since I started playing this system. If you google "sports betting system" you will find the system on the first page of Google. It is the best system I have tried in many years of betting
macar91::Why doesn't T-Mac play this many minutes more often?
Giggity.iggity::Congratulations on your first double-double, Kyrie!  Too bad the rest of the team outside of Alonzo Gee got handled.
Ruby6381::stackhouse always scores useless points.. FK u JT
ChiefWahoo1995::Haters will continue to hate the Cavs.  Don't worry about them.  The Cavs are on the right track now.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=4_9
cland4ever::since when does Minnesota have room to talk about being bad? like honestly you guys have one good year and your only .500
KingGeorge53::Looks like they need to start losing as well in hopes of drafting some more PGs.
NBA_refs_are_weak::seriously, is kyrie ever going to have a bad game? dudes a rook! hit a slump already, its the law of nature for a rookie to slump. JUST DO IT
Giggity.iggity::His 3 point shooting has hit a slump, but that's about it.  Dude's a gamer!  He's a high level player; it's all he knows.
rockndoc2::Oh, and by the way, just got back from the game.  My scouting report????????  Luke Walton is clutch with the fist-bump to a player coming off the court.   He was a bit lax on the rump slap, but light clapping on made free throws was huge. I think he has potential, but I dont see any towel waving in his future.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::He's just got to step up late in games. That's why the Lakers traded him.
Rob62172::I wanna party with Jamario.
T.O.G.M.S.17::only few have the potential to be towel wavers. Jamario Moon was one of them
BMS092::Well, at least we're not the timberwolves who traded Brandon Roy for nothing, as well as Ty Lawson. I mean I know that Johnny Flynn worked out too right? Well then again you guys did draft Wayne Ellington over DeMarcus Cousins. So yes, I'm just 100% sure you know what you're talking about in relation to rookies. And yes we are all aware Rubio has more assists, he has the best PF in the game who scores 20+ every night. I'm glad you presume Derrick Williams and Rubio are the next Jordan and Pippen, but hey what do us Cavs fans know, it's not like we've been in the lottery for 7 years like you.
rockndoc2::I have 4 "Pay the Man Shirleys"
KPOP is a SPORT::cavs should sign shaq and win a championship
Alex818728::tried that once.... Failed miserable
sSurgical::Cleveland is sure missing King James
spong3bobrox::I know I am!!!
david516x::60+wins and title contention to being happy about 30+ wins SAD!!!!!! HAHAHA!!!!1
mikeyp2307::no
mikeyp2307::i didnt realize the we were missing lebron. espn has ur mind fucked up
KingGeorge53::tried this as well and it failed miserably.
T.O.G.M.S.17::doesnt matter. we got King George
KingGeorge53::WaHoo!    lol
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::Kyrie Irving &gt; Bricky Rubio
Alex818728::nice, Now I can admit timber wolves are a better team than the cavs
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::since rubio went down we have been sucking cause ridnour sucks
KingGeorge53::lol    They are.    Especially since Rubio went down.
KingGeorge53::I'll pay shirley when she changes the name.
T.O.G.M.S.17::pay the man shirley!
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::@T.O.G.M.S.17  Dam Halle Berry is nice
KingGeorge53::I'm still going to flag you just b/c of your posting name.
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::k i will make a new account later cause all my other accounts are getting banned cause i freak out alot when my team is losing
KingGeorge53::I'd suggest dropping the derogatory name.
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::ok but dont flag me   kyrie is better than rubio
Alex818728::well hes stupid then, doesnt mean you should match his stupidty
KingGeorge53::then flag him.
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::ok there is a cav's fan woh's name is Bricky rubio's poor field goal percentage and he trolls our board all the freaking time
T.O.G.M.S.17::yessir. i would advise u to watch the movie Catwoman but on mute becuz it sux. except for halle berry in the costume
T.O.G.M.S.17::u guys should be able to beat sac town. they dont play as a team at all
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::ight after the wolves game i will watch it cause they start in 10 min
mikeyp2307::literally the worst movie i have ever watched but she looked soooooo sexy
T.O.G.M.S.17::dont have netflix but it should
Alex818728::should be
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::haha is it on netflix you think?
mikeyp2307::Gee really impressed me tonight. He is turning into a player to definitely  keep for the future. Cavs found a diamond in the rough with him.
mikeyp2307::barnes and kyrie would be a sweet pair
KingGeorge53::We won't know until next season, but I see Gee's best skill for the Cavs is his energy coming off the bench.   He brought that crowd up out of their chairs today.
T.O.G.M.S.17::yea. but i think Gee can be a starter.
T.O.G.M.S.17::if Harrison Barnes is available for us in the draft should we take him to keep with Gee
JohnsonnnL::I'm not sure about Barnes I feel like hes somewhat overrated.
Registeratsportsbettingstar::Kevin Garnett is a fake tough guy
T.O.G.M.S.17::just because u mentioned John Madden being from minnesota thats -2.
KingGeorge53::Just need to flag these trolls.   It's a violation of ESPN's rules.
T.O.G.M.S.17::trolls will be trolls. every fan base has them.
mikeyp2307::ive hardly ever seen him post in here.
mikeyp2307::not trying to be a douche but do you know their names? I can  almost guarantee that the cav fans who post in the cav boards, dont troll in the minn boards.
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::Ricky rubio's poor field goal percentage trolls us almost every game
T.O.G.M.S.17::who?
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::hey you guys have trolls on our board to all the time
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::never heard of these people- Arsenio Hall, Halle Berry, Bone Thugz and Harmony
T.O.G.M.S.17::Arsenio Hall is the king of comedy. Bone Thugz is great R&amp;B/hiphop. i could still understand not knowing those but HALLE BERRY!!!! google image that shizz
mikeyp2307::never heard of halle berry? Go watch a movie
mikeyp2307::usually if someone is born in a town, that means thats their hometown. -John Maddon
KingGeorge53::lol
BS822___::you guys wana troll minny later
jairushawkins...::For the Long run Irving &gt;LBJ For Cleveland fans he's younger , Way Clutcher , Hopefully more Loyal and Isn't afraid of the Big Shot against Anyone.
mikeyp2307::he really could be. he is the most physically gifted player ever.
BS822___::no not ever dont even say that
jairushawkins...::For the Long run. Not Completely Better. LBJ Is probably the best in the League i mean Irving is better for Cleveland and for Winning.
mikeyp2307::its nice to have someone who isnt scared of the pressure. LBJ could seriously be the best player ever if he didnt have the mentality of a 4 yr old
david516x::You can't be that stupid!!!! LBJ hit many game winners and in the playoffs!!!! You sound like a rejected B.i.t.c.h saying "He's not all that anyway"..Pathetic!!!!
KingGeorge53::true.    So true.     NOted that Irving already has more game winners than LBJ has had his entire career and we're not done with this season yet.
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::@T.O.G.M.S.17  Kevin Garnett, Joe Mauer, Bob Dylan, Prince, Winona Ryder, John Madden
T.O.G.M.S.17::il give u mauer. garnett isnt born in minnesota. @bob dylan i said last 30 years. @john madden i said good people
T.O.G.M.S.17::touche' u are right there
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::its better than Ohio's
T.O.G.M.S.17::nothing to be proud of bud
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::we have the most professional hockey players out of any state also
BS822___::thanks for prince i guess and how garnett work out for you
BS822___::ya cause Love is so much better lol
Alex818728::c'mon BS822 you set yourself up for that one
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::how Lebron work out for you? we got Love now instead of him
mikeyp2307::wasnt garnett born in south carolina?
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::idk who gives
mikeyp2307::he was born in SC
Alex818728::I actually really like minnasota team, good young team getting better, Kevin Love and Pek are beasts, I just cant stand their trolls anyone who says irving sucks obviously is ignorant or stupid, he clearly doesnt
Alex818728::maybe but its not like irving is a bad defender, might not be as good as rubio but still good
KingGeorge53::It helps to have a PF like Love standing in the paint.    Irving has Jamison as his weak side help.
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::Kyrie better scorer  Rubio better paasser and better at defense
KingGeorge53::wrong, but what would you expect from a troll that knows nothing?
KingGeorge53::With you on this point.
Registeratsportsbettingstar::Damn it all $@%! $@%! $@%! $@%!$
jairushawkins...::Seriously Kyrie Is Clutch too.
manbearpirg::Put Magic's semen into Rubio, and he'd have AIDS.
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::Semin*
mikeyp2307::made me smile
KingGeorge53::When the Cavs get some scorers in this coming draft, what are the Minny fans going to say about Kyrie's passing and double doubles then?  Put Kyrie on the Twin... twolves and he's a 25-15 per and Minny is in the PO.  Put Rubio on the Cavs and there's no need for us to worry about ping pong balls.
JohnsonnnL::The best scorer Irving has is Jamison which isn't much.
mikeyp2307::YES!! ive been saying this for awhile now. Kyrie scores because he has too. Put Harrison Barnes beside him or some other shooter and his assists will go way up.
T.O.G.M.S.17::Jeremy Lamb or Bradley Beal?
T.O.G.M.S.17::they compare Lamb to reggie miller and beal to ray allen. high praise
KingGeorge53::or both
Crunk Juice---UGA::Jeff Teague or Marquis Teague?
Alex818728::Marquis
BS822___::um jeff teague
Crunk Juice---UGA::The Pacers and Hawks have a better record than the Sixers, why are they behind them in the Standings?? I thought it was because they are a division leader, but Orlando is ahead of the Sixers and they arent a division leader. It Makes no sense to me.
wadenba3::Its stupid!
T.O.G.M.S.17::@Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills City of Cleveland: Arsenio Hall, Halle Berry, Bone Thugz and Harmony, Kid Cudi, Drew Carey State of Minnesota: Prince, Winona Ryder
T.O.G.M.S.17::i also feel like i am being very generous even giving them winona.
thegoodwitch666::husker du?
mikeyp2307::not to mention the first traffic signal
BS822___::And LBJ
BS822___::Neal armstrong
BS822___::MGK
manbearpirg::Rubio can't score.
BS822___::hey lets look at all stats along with shooting percentage
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::he has 8 less ppg then Kyrie but he has 4 more assists a game 1 more rebound and 2 more steals a game then Kyrie
KingGeorge53::Hurts to suck doesn't it?   I mean, you stink so bad you have to spend your Sunday on a Cavs board.
jairushawkins...::Most his points are adelmans 2 or 3 layups a game system so remember that. So he really only scores 4 or 5 Points by himself a game.
Alex818728::why does everyone either say kyrie sucks or Rubio sucks, there obviously both good young pg's, Rubio is obviously more polish since he has more expierence
BucFan1019::It took kyrie irving 37 games to finally record his first double double. Irving has not been very impressive for a number 1 overall pick. But he is decent.
bjonthe493rd::first of all he's hit 5 game winners...second of all he'd have 20 assists if he didn't play for the cavs.
BucFan1019::I have watched plenty of cavs games. Irving is def the best rookie in the NBA this year by far... Just dont think he will ever be a superstar.
JohnsonnnL::That depends on your definition of  superstar.
BS822___::after the half i believe he is avg 7 or 8 assists a game
mikeyp2307::watch more than 1 cavs game.
BucFan1019::his scoring is great. its his passing skills as a point guard he needs to improve. Maybe its just cause he plays for the cavs.
BucFan1019::never said awful.
BS822___::yep 19 points a game 47 shooting 40 from deep im so dissapointed in him and 3rd highest rookie PER in history wow he awful
wadenba3::I think when it was time for the draft,the Wolves wanted the Cavs to pick Dwill so the Timberwolves coulda got Kyrie. Becasue Kyrie&gt;Rubio!
JohnsonnnL::They already had a pg they didn't need Irving.
Alex818728::c'mon dude be logical minny wouldnt have wanted irving
wadenba3::Wow,you have such a hater name. And that means the whole time you guys had it wrong. Dwill is Nowhere near as good as Kyrie!
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::no we wanted Dwill the whole time
jairushawkins...::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTgNlIEY_fw&amp;feature=related LMFAO
mikeyp2307::Rubio: has been a pro for like 10 years. Kyrie: only played 11 college games and has been a pro for little more than half a season and yet he's still better.
BS822___::no 2 games
jairushawkins...::LMFAO So your saying Kyrie has better overall natural Talent than rubio then. Lmao took Rubio 10 Years to score 10 PPG
jairushawkins...::And it took Kyrie what ? 4 Years ? to score 18 PPG?
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::Rubio &gt; Kyrie
mikeyp2307::anybody with a brain could see the kyrie is better and will be better throughout his career then rubio
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::there is a cav troll that has Rubio's poor field goal % as his name
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::i know they dont lie  Rubio &gt; Irving look them up Irving may score more but rubio has more assists, steals, rebounds
KingGeorge53::Love a minny troll that uses another team's players for his posting name.    It must really, really hurt to know that Kyrie is not only the ROY and the best player in this last year's draft that you have to troll other people's boards, but you KNOW Kyrie is still playing. and rubio isn't.
mikeyp2307::stats dont lie.  Kyrie&gt;rubio
Alex818728::moron.........
BS822___::he played ll games moron
mikeyp2307::kyrie only played 11 college games
Alex818728::no it was 11...
jairushawkins...::Moron.........
jairushawkins...::He is period. and he played 29 college games.
wadenba3::Wow,I was actually on the Timberwolves band wagon but once I found out how big of Haters their fans are. Screw that!
Alex818728::why do wolves fans hate the cavs so much, or do you guys just go to all the lottery teams conversation, not even tryin diss you im just curious
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::there is a cavs fan that trolls are board all the time that is why we hate you guys and you guys think your better than us
KingGeorge53::so not only monkey see, monkey do, you change your name to the one you despise?
mikeyp2307::remember the one draft where they drafted like 6 pgs? hilarious
Alex818728::not tru cause rubio is a good pg
KingGeorge53::B/c they realize that even though they've drafted at least 27 pg in the last 3 drafts, they still haven't got it right.    and the Cavs did it once and got it right.
T.O.G.M.S.17::i have nothin against minnesota and love their fan base but whats the best thing Minnesota has produced in 30 years? Prince and Winona Ryder?
BS822___::a few mlb championships
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::How about Cleaveland in the past 100 years
KingGeorge53::make that 9 mikey.    don't forget the Rams.
mikeyp2307::u mean 8 nfl championships?
KingGeorge53::Pronk...  oh wait.  he's from Texas
T.O.G.M.S.17::love the Pronk reference. +1
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::Rubio 10 ppg  8 assists a game 4 rebounds a game and 2.5 steals a game  Kyrie 18 ppg  5 assists a game 3 rebounds a game and 1 steal a game   who is better do you think?
KingGeorge53::Shooting % is a stat that tells how often a player puts the ball through the hoop.  Assist is a stat that tells you how often another player puts the ball through the hoop after it's passed.
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::Kyrie averages 3 turnovers a game to
BS822___::also been going down he has been getting better and better
bjonthe493rd::let's remember when they faced off...who won that? Kyrie.
BS822___::have you noticed kyrie assits going up and lets not forget rubio 3to and 36 shooting
JohnsonnnL::Rubio is not better a better defender all he does is gamble for steals. He can't keep the offensive player in front of him as well as irving
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::we havent played them
Alex818728::thats why he held rondo to 0-8 from the field or something
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::way better at defense though
gocaliforniabears::kyrie stats inflated cause they don't have a star player. OWNED
mikeyp2307::rubio cant shoot
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::yeah so he can score more...if we didnt have Love Rubio would score more to...OWNED
BS822___::oh i got so owned
Alex818728::why are you so obsessed in comparing them Rubio is a better pass Irving a better scorer
mikeyp2307::kyrie leads the cavs to wins.
Kyrie Irvings poor passing skills::to what 15 a 15 a year rubio was leading his team to victory untill he got hurt
bjonthe493rd::kyrie a waste of a draft pick? overrated?   yeah, where were you haters when he single-handedly beat the thunder. you know the best team in the west. Has any other rookie done anything like that before?? i think not.    find somehting else to do. Kyrie is fantastic he just doesn't have a team to support him.
gocaliforniabears::Is Dan Gilbert still guaranteeing a championship without Lebron?
KingGeorge53::so far so good
