Rickster7218::I still can't believe Reddick is still in the league and GMac couldn't catch on with a team....
twentyanite::howard needs to come to LA and be the next great laker big. nothing else left to accomplish in orl. and winning a title is out of the question. might as well go where you can. dallas=nope, jersey =helll no, LA= rings/endorsement money. be smart otis smith. dont get caught wit your pants down. trade howard while you can, if not he walks and you get nothing.
c_more::Please, PLEASE TRADE Jameer Nelson! this guy can't get in double digits in any category and is the worst starting PG in the league.
ZachC1965::If Nelson steps up and guards Fisher on that trey in '09, Orlando wins the whole thing...
Heatlemaniac....::VOTE 4 OBAMA
mblally::Where are all those kids saying the Magic had no chance in this game?
ZachC1965::That's pretty elite company to be in--Nick Anderson!!!
ZachC1965::That's not old enough to be made fun of..?
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::realx, its a 23 year old franchise
Magicmike321::Is it just me or are more and more ESPN articles Insider articles...  WEAK!!!!
ZachC1965::Better than half the garbage they churn out...
Masta Da Magician::I know right.. They want us to pay to read their stupid rumors and trade ideas.
Rand0687::Well, at least we get to read insightful comments from kids here in the comments section--free!
markpringle2003::Word on the street is that the Hawks are offering Horford, Williams, Teague, and two #1’s for Dwight Howard...in a sign and trade. Howard is said to be agreeable to the trade because he and Josh Smith are close friends. That's the only reason this rumor has legs. He wants to play with Josh.
ElArtman1973::lol
get_owned586::the magic need to can jameer. my god he is awful. im thinking Calderon from the raptors. pass first PG
Masta Da Magician::NBA_refs_are_weak are you out of your mind? you think if the magic could trade dwight, whos leaving, and turk, and get back amare and chandler they wouldnt do it? thats so asinine lol. they'd be incredibly lucky to get that kind of value back for howard in this situation. personally, with the way melo has been playing, knicks would lose out on that trade  ===== Why on gods green earth would the Magic trade for a very limited 29 year old center who just signed a big contract and an injury prone,no defense playing,declining PF who is also locked in long term? That makes no sense what so ever.. The Magic would be better of letting Dwight walk and having cap room.
markfox73::man up howard, go ahead and resign with orlando magic, make players come to you on your team!   who is the man? if dwight goes to join kobe, or others they will be the man still on that team!! plus loyalty goes far with fan base for many years!!!  i dont see any team being better for dwight than orlando...nets are horrible, lakers look bad, real bad...,clippers his stats will fall way down with griffin and cp3 getting their own touches first...believe that !   and magic will bring in more talent if dwight resigns for sure!!!!
get_owned586::we need to get him a pass first PG tho. someone who can set him up in good position because jameer is not that.
venerican1::griffin doesn't stay if clippers sign him, but thats a broussard report, unreliable.
mwlevine::Pacers historically have problems with the Magic and that continues. Just didn't have it tonight. Congrats Orlando..
ElArtman1973::…Bass’ impact is visible on stat sheet; which is fine for Boston but not the Magic.   What the Magic needed was hustle player, someone who brought:  - defensive intensity  - off the bench energy  - rebounding and second chance opportunities  - someone to set solid screens  - a player that knows how and does take charges  - someone who will dive on the floor and get the loose ball  - a PF/C that can back up Dwight without the team going off a cliff defensive   in other words the Magic needed a player that does what what no other player on this team has done in a while (at least with any consistency) – he does all the dirty work and that energy is infectious. Bass does nothing outside of consistent top of the key jumpers and ok rebounding as long as he’s matched vs a lesser player. None of what Davis does shows up on a box score the way that Bass’ scoring will – but it does show up in the Win column.
markfox73::pacers are no joke this season at all, very talented young team on the rise !   glad orlando got this win.,,, way to bounce back strong..
Birdmannn._.::Howard shouldn't feel bad when he leaves the Magic now since he is their all time scorer and no one will pass that for a long time
dash2k4::I'd like to see someone become the new all-time scoring leader of the Bulls... ;)
markfox73::rose might if he plays a long time!!!   jordan set the mark very hi''
dash2k4::Ryan Anderson... I will say that if he doesn't start playing more in the paint, his career will be insignificant. A tall guy shooting threes? Not hating on him, but how many HOFers do we have for that? Dirk is the only guy I can think of, but he creates his shots whereas Anderson is roaming outside when D12 gets doubled. Put Anderson on any other team without an inside presence and suddenly his offensive abilities drop to next to nothing. Just saying he needs to expand his game and play a bigger part in offensive rebounding.
openminded43::He did have 8 rebounds!!! Averages about 7!!! Match that up against most PF's!!!
venerican1::ryan anderson will never be a hall of famer even if he develops a low post game. but hes still top 5 PF this season you can't take away from that. his PER is through the roof (minus the boston game)
wilcox1232::He doesnt need to be a hall of famer hes doing exactly what he needs to with dwight there. If ryan anderson isnt going, the magic dont win
dabullsrosemvp21::pacers better be ready for this @ss whoopin tonight!
kinglames5::hope u magic fans enjoy the dying dies of howard in a magic uni
Rand0687::Well said, sorta.
Baron Harkonnen::Is this a little like being Saddam's greatest general?
Rand0687::It's like being an extra in the 1984 "Dune" movie.
Wudy Gay with da wainbow::Sources say Knicks also interested along with Orlando on a trade for Howard.  Say bye bye to Howard and Turk, hello Amare and Chandler.
venerican1::amare and chandler are way too expensive no way the magic take that. especially with them already having a really good starting PF. they need a PG!
jmoneyisback::LOL.  Steven A. Smith made that shi*t up.
NBA_refs_are_weak::are you out of your mind? you think if the magic could trade dwight, whos leaving, and turk, and get back amare and chandler they wouldnt do it? thats so asinine lol. they'd be incredibly lucky to get that kind of value back for howard in this situation. personally, with the way melo has been playing, knicks would lose out on that trade
Rand0687::Cool. Where'd you read that, Bleacher Report?
Masta_Da Magician::LOL Magic aren't going to trade for that trash you idiot.
BingoWee::Not once in the recap did they mention what the top scoring mark for the franchise is :/
J.J.Redick4MVP::The Magic aren't going to resign Ryan Anderson to a contract extension, but since he is a Restricted Free Agent, that makes me feel a little better. hopefully it won't backfire though.
openminded43::They will just match any offer like they have in the past with Gortat and Redick!!! Let somebody else set his market value!!!
cheesehead1287::19 turnovers to 8 assists? That is ridiculously pathetic.
NBA_refs_are_weak::its one thing if you say a team got beat up in the paint by the magic and howard. but that kind of t/o to assist ratio is so sad. you're telling me jameer nelson and $@%!$@% jason richardson were beating you with their DEFENSE? comeon now.
theprodctz::PS: Less than 13k to watch a winning team play a Dwight Howard-led team?   Even Rays fans think that's a bad turnout.
theprodctz::DA MAGIC IS GOIN 61-5!!!!!!!!11111111111
Chris31708::Let me guess, a jinx comment right?
Hi i love my bike::Should've done the hack-a-Dwight strategy.
J.J.Redick4MVP::"Great Strategy" - Golden State Warriors.
RI8810::Good way to go out with a record.   If they deal him does he still get his name on the rafters
Emmannuel1220::no...
yata9arasu::So the router says to the doctor......  It hurts when IP!  :)
kenny kuang::that says alot, Orlando don't have much history, why don't you try to be the Lakers or Celtics top scorer.
Emmannuel1220::kenny... you realize you look like the quintessential, ricer drifting, moronic do.uchbage, right?
RI8810::He wasn't scoring 40 a night it took a while to get there he looked more like a defensive player in the beginning
perrypete::he still a defensive player!  there are only a handful of centers in the league if that, howard still doesnt have a good post game, and quite a few points come on team ball movement and offensive rebounds.
Carmelo4life7::dwight sucks hes only the most dominant big man sheesh
LostAussie95::haha only..
bs20kj34::yeah the guy shooting 55% and averaging 20ppg is limited. you definitely know what you're talking about
ds174006::he's a good rebounder and dunker and blocks shot from the weak side but other than that yeah he's pretty limited
AlphaBambi::Howard to the Heat for Norris Cole, Mario Chalmers, and Shane Battier.  Also we trade Jameer, J Rich, Hedo, Anderson, JJ, and Glen Davis for Lebron, Wade, and Bosh.
venerican1::im guessing youre a closet heat fan?
PlayerPresident1::keep hope alive
mcase94::uhhh who da geek
Masta_Da Magician::On ESPN front page the poll is who is the AL Favorite... The options are.... Angels,Rangers,Tigers,Yankees and................... The Red Sox...... Really ESPN? The Rays should be on the poll instead of the Sox... SMH
bs20kj34::on an orlando indiana comment board WHO CARES
N.a.z.i .America::Magic had their pride wounded.
naes666::LOL@Pacers
BigTBfan1990::good job bouncing back tonight after last nights goose egg.  Indiana is no joke so this would be a good win even if they didn't get killed last night.
J.J.Redick4MVP::that's ok. they will still miss V-mart for the entire year. Rays are the favorite in the AL.
J.J.Redick4MVP::oh damn... the Tigers signed Fielder.
J.J.Redick4MVP::The Magic will beat the C's on Thursday. I'm sure they're dying for some revenge.
DaBostonStrangler10::D12 still a little shaken up after last nights BEAT DOWN
natandjoe::Wish the newspapers would have the correct info ....JJ gets no respect.
AlphaBambi::The Magic and Celtic are every evenly matched teams.  Orlando simply relies more on shooting and they shot lower than they probably will for another 200-300 games on Monday.
Masta_Da Magician::And your team is still below .500 even after last nights BEAT DOWN
ucfyank::5 more years!!! 5 more years!!! Orlando loves Dwight, Congrats
chubby rain::Indiana, u are officially OVERRATED.
doodadudich::i $@%!$@% hate peopel who say this $@%! after one loss. And im a magic fan...
Mcosand::the lakers,hawks,and celtics disagree. just had a bad game tonight just like the magic did last night
ds174006::Really stupid comment above
PlayaMade5::Ryan Anderson play ball today to makeup that poor POOR game last night.
heacts::no answer for that dude tonight
hulKKNUPE::Dwight for DeAndre Jordan, Blake Griffin &amp; Bledsoe. And yea it is feasible. The contracts match up perfect.
AlphaBambi::That might actually be a win for the Magic.  It's not likely.... more likely would be Jordan, Bledsoe, and a no name player
hulKKNUPE::I hear you but tell me whats a better team? Dwight &amp; Paul? Or Blake, Jordan &amp; Paul?
Masta_Da Magician::Magic should do it.
PlayaMade5::Clippers aren't giving away that much though.
hulKKNUPE::Plus they gave up Kaman, Gordon &amp; FA for Chris Paul so why not?  It's about the same. I'd do it if I were the Clippers. Chris Paul &amp; Dwight on the same team with Chaunt &amp; Billups? That's an EPIC team. SERIOUS defense &amp; offense.
hulKKNUPE::Are you serious? Dwight is equal to Deandre &amp; Blake &amp; Jokim Noah. Dwight &amp; Chris Paul on a more traditional team other than that lob city/wringling brothers crap they have now is waaaayyy better. Vet PG/SG in Chaunt, Caron, Mo Williams &amp; the ability to sign ANOTHER mid level vet for 10-12 mill in the summer &amp; you'll have a team ready to compete NOW! And the Magic would get a up &amp; coming PG with an All-Star PF &amp; an low maintenance center who only wants to play D surrounded by JJ &amp; Anderson, Harper ALL under 25yrs old, WOW! The sky is the limit. The cap would be CRAZY low, esp if you dump Hedo &amp; Jameer for more young talent/draft picks.
magicbucsgators::I didn't like what Dwight said in the postgame interview on Fox sports when commenting on having the all-time magic scoring record. First he said something like "It's been great, I started my career here.". I would have hoped him to say as a Magic diehard something like "I'd like to finish my career here.". After that he said something like "It's been a great eight years here." After that, I know now he is so outta O-town.
ucfyank::wouldn't over-analyze words, there is a little wiggle room for him to stay...at least much more than Carmelo's Denver situation
Jumane Redway::I guess Jameer Nelson's 08-09 season was a fluke...How did this guy go from All-Star to garbage in two years?
venerican1::JJ is the secret weapon he plays better off the bench
Matt68361::jj should be starting, he's playing way better than j-rich
J.J.Redick4MVP::Labrum and Knee injuries.
IrishBCS11::Pacer Fans Let the Magic Fans enjoy this because after this year the only thing they'll have to cheer about is........ Idk  Just let them enjoy it!!! Pacer fans will have plenty more to cheer about this year!!!!  This helps the Pacers because they will come out so focused against the Bulls.
ElArtman1973::didnt we basically beat the pacers mostly without dwight?
chubby rain::U are going to get drubbed tomorrow night, please.
Matt68361::Yah, instead of winning one game in the first round, u pacers can enjoy winning two.lol. We put you in your place, get over it. If dwight leaves, we r gonna get somebody good, and we'll still be way better than y'all. Pacers=Pretenders
Matt68361::if dwight still wants to leave in about a month, trade him for blake griffin. I know we already have a good PF, but Blake is a superstar. And its looking like having one is the only way to stay relevant anymore.
hulKKNUPE::Trade Jameer &amp; start Hedo at PG.
jeffreydahmer60::The Heat won. Why is everyone bashing the Heat tonight? 7-1 without Wade. Nuff said.
chubby rain::Because they barely beat a awful team on their HOME court!
Jaydotta5thmajor::cavs are not awful
toddsee::I would really like to see Jameer be more aggressive off the pick and rolls. if he could learn to take that elbow jumper or get into the lane and shoot a floater/runner (a la steve nash), it would be really beneficial. he just doesn't look confident and gets frazzled by even the slightest of decent defenses.
chubby rain::Agreed.
Jumane Redway::Avery Bradley said yesterday on NBATV (in a matter-of-fact way, mind you, non-bragging) that he could see it in Jameer's eyes, that he didn't want any part of his defense when he brought the ball up the court....Sad, if you're a Nelson fan.
