tmohr48::Let it go... get over it... Fisher was, is and will be over the hill and useless for any team in the long run, key word 'long run'.  I have supported Fisher his entire career but there comes a time when you have to be realistic... Sessions can run circles around Fisher and yes, Sessions has ignited a spark for the Lakers. Players like Sessions will break out of mold uncharacteristic of their true potential when playing for a better team with good chemistry. Of course Sessions was overlooked while playing for Cleveland!
smoody FTW::If you la fans think sessions makes LA contenders you all are living a fairy tale, sad when a backup PG in Cleveland is the difference maker, news flash, he couldn't beat out starting role against a 19 yr old rookie, when Phil retired he took title hopes for la with him, sorry.
tmohr48::Let it go... get over it... Fisher was, is and will be over the hill and useless for any team in the long run. I have supported Fisher his entire career but there comes a time when you have to be realistic... Sessions can run circles around Fisher and yes, Sessions has ignited a spark for the Lakers. Players like Sessions will break out of mold uncharacteristic of their true potential when playing for a better team with good chemistry.
morgan122240::The purple and gold are now legitmate contender's and will use the rest of the season to prepare for the playoffs.Be afraid western conference pretenders,be very afraid.Sessions is gonna create problems with his ability to penetrate and get into the paint and finish.He will be able to draw attention because of his 40% 3 point range and outside jumper(chris paul who?) and  that will free up the twin towers and Kobe on the back end,so now you have the big four and the the best defender and steal player(Artest).I also saw something from the Lakers bench,they have been playing much more inspired ball and as we all know,success can be contagious......BE AFRAID NBA ......BE VERY AFRAID!!!!!!
ididnotairballijustmisstheshot::James Harden cann ballll, solid player?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ctt9IgKpaE
ididnotairballijustmisstheshot::James Harden cann ballll, solid player?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ctt9IgKpaE
jviramontes13::Brandonleeheat - "Duncan is top 5 all time".  I think we know who the real moron is!
ididnotairballijustmisstheshot::Perkin hard foul on blake.griffin..retaliation???  you tell me  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fc5ct27KJB8
ididnotairballijustmisstheshot::Perkin hard foul on blake.griffin..retaliation???  you tell me  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fc5ct27KJB8
megan87119::LAL ALL THE WAY!!
BrandonLeeHeat::Chicago Bulls 2012 NBA Champs
DodgersWinWS08::Usually the team with the best record in the East makes it to the Final!!! and then loses to a superior Western Conference Team...this year will be the Lakers year again...there I said it
Jai22T::u should stop
Retro Snapbackz::When determining who are the greatest players ever you have to look at the position dominance  Tim Duncan is the best PF of all time arguably so he should automatically be in the top 10, Kobe is second greatest shooting guard of all time so he should be top 10...Etc with each position
DodgersWinWS08::You must have forgotten about Luke Walton...
BrandonLeeHeat::Good list I would put Timmy D ahead of Oscar though.  Maybe even Kobe
rafoster247::I'm not sure I'd put him ahead of the Big O.  Championships aren't everything.
Jai22T::I like TimmyD a lot such a great team player
Retro Snapbackz::having good conversation and then a heat fan shows up, they seem to mess up a ton of things they're like a virus
Jai22T::He a Heat guy
BrandonLeeHeat::bulls fan
Retro Snapbackz::right
BrandonLeeHeat::Im a chicago bulls fan
Jai22T::Top 10 1-MJ  2-Magic  3-Kareem  4-Wilt   5-Russell   6-Bird  7-Kobe   8-TimmyD  9-Dream  10-Moses  with Shaq and KG and John Stockton right there...
Jai22T::@Retro Pau is mentally soft he's avg 16pts we need him at 20...
elibird123::No actually Pau is mentally strong and has a very high basketball I.Q. Gasol career has averaged 13.5 FGA's. He is at 13.5 FGA's now.  His Career PPG is 18.7 he is at 17 now. Career RB's is 9.2 he is at 10.2 now. He is putting up 17 and 10 at this time. FACT: He is on track for what he always does.
elibird123::Exactly. Pau is at 3.8 this year and has been at 5.4 since coming to the Lakers. For his career he is at 6.1, these are FTA's per game stats.
questions411::Pau is at 17.0 ppg this year, his only statistical drop is making-taking less free throws, but you would expect this with less touches due to the increased assertiveness and ascension  of Andrew. Pau just does not have the emotional makeup to be as assertive as we would like him to be, given his skill set.
elibird123::2012: 17.0 PPG  Since you don't know how to look up stats click below; number 31 on the list:  http://espn.go.com/nba/statistics/player/_/stat/scoring-per-game/sort/avgPoints/year/2012/seasontype/2  I hope this is helpful to you.
Jai22T::Pau avg 16.4 right now
elibird123::2008: 18.8 PPG 2009: 18.9 PPG 2010: 18.3 PPG 2011: 18.8 PPG 2012: 17.0 PPG &lt;-- thus far FACT: He is on track for what he always does.
Jai22T::Ok stat guy,when we were winning chips he was at 19 and 20,LA need scoring and he's at 16.5 makin 19mill it dont add up.
Retro Snapbackz::I agree with that, still him averaging 4 less points doesn't mean hes mentally soft
Jai22T::I hope so caz he has a smaller player on him every night,he flops and falls to much for me.Im goin to need him to get his legs stronger caz he cant hold the box well and get pushed around to much.
Retro Snapbackz::I'll agree last year he probably let the riff between Vanessa and his GF affect his play in the postseason...But I think hes done a good job year considering hes almost been traded two times this season of keeping his head up and showing up and showing professionalism unlike someone we know...I think we are going to see the best of Pau in the second half of this season
Jai22T::He's mentally soft caz of the playoffs last year and the things he said about the trade stuff and he one of the highest paid player n the league he need to score like it,he's playing with Kobe and beside another 7 footer..
UCLA ORIGINAL::ALL TIME GREATS (not all era)    1. Kareem   2. Kobe   3.Jordan   4. Magic   5.Elgin    6.Wilt   7.Oscar   8.Bird   9. Dr J   10.Moses
rafoster247::It's also dated however as I think he said he would have put Kobe in there in lue on Malone and in the top 7.
rafoster247::Uh, no Russel.  I like to defer to Bill Simmons 96 greatest Players - http://www.bareknucks.com/bill-simmons96-greatest-nba-players-ever.  Not that I don't have my own opinion but its a good list.
BrandonLeeHeat::Duncan is top 5 all time. Your a raging moron.  Kobe isnt top 9
jviramontes13::Brandonleeheat - "Duncan is top 5 all time".  I think we know who the real moron is!
DodgersWinWS08::Kobe is the second best player of all time...second to MJ
Retro Snapbackz::There all great players, neither needs validation of a list.
Jai22T::Im a Kobe guy but he's not #2 and DR J isnt n the top 10 he had no J or lefy hand and please with the Elgin stuff.
Qzhoopin72::Anybody else think the Lakers should retire Luke Walton's jersey when he retires??
Jai22T::Luke is a good passer and high IQ player but no jersey retired but DFish will get that..
dfuse310::THIS GUY THAT MADE POSTED THIS COMMENT IS JUST WANT ATTENTION..HE HAS FEMALE TRAITS.
UCLA ORIGINAL::Luke wasnt a great player but he was a great teammate, a great guy in the lockeroom, and played some crucial back up minutes for us. He was a great passer and played soild defense for us. Give the old timer a break guys.
edelspot::No...but if you get a ring over the next few years because of Sessions AND the cap space you now have, yall need to give the Cavs GM a ring.
boom.shaka.::And they can prepare a video montage of all his greatest highlight as a Laker.
Retro Snapbackz::In the Garbage can
Retro Snapbackz::I can smell banner no.17 and No.6 in 12 years
Qzhoopin72::Lemarcus Aldridge, Kevin Love, Serge Ibaka, Paul Millsap.....examples of "tough" power forwards....not Pau
Qzhoopin72::Not saying there are on Pau's overall skill level....but they all play waaaaayyy tougher than Pau.
Retro Snapbackz::Neither except Kevin Love are on his level of skills
DodgersWinWS08::Um Blake Griffin, Dirk, K Love are all Power Forwards who the Lakers would trade Pau for in a heartbeat
DodgersWinWS08::Like how Pau abused Dirk in the playoffs??? Dirk and Kobe on the same floor with Bynum ....dont think the Lakers front office would pass on that
DodgersWinWS08::You would have taken Dirk a year ago...the way he dominated the playoffs?? C'mon man
UCLA ORIGINAL::Griffen no shot and the way he high flys will be hurt sooner than later
boom.shaka.::I'd take Love in a heartbeat and Dirk 7 years ago.  Griffin?  No thanks.
Retro Snapbackz::lol FALSE FALSE FALSE? Blake Griffin YUCK I'll pass on a one trick pony...Dirk lmao Pau abuses Dirk everytime they play...  Kevin Love is the only guy you can make an argument for
Jai22T::If Pau start scoring and stop being so soft i'll smell the samething
Qzhoopin72::Don't get me wrong....I still like Pau, but he's soft
Retro Snapbackz::Was he soft when he was manning the paint during our two championship runs ...without a healthy Bynum???/
Qzhoopin72::Pau played an EXCELLENT game last night....but sorry...that dude is softer than a fat baby's booty. He's too willing to back away from contact &amp; confrontation, doesn't box out like he can &amp; should....almost always jogs back on defense. He's still a benefit for the Lakers, but that dude is SOFT!!!
Retro Snapbackz::Pau isn't soft. I said earlier hes not going to be a KG RA-RA guy but hes definitely not going to back down like everyone thinks he does. He is still the best power forward in the NBA.
Qzhoopin72::I'll be glad when Mike Brown is done trying to sooth STeve Blake's ego and just call it as it is. Sessions is the starting PG and will be getting 35 minutes per game. PERIOD!!
elibird123::Well, that will be coming. It is great he is doing it this way. You don't just get a new guy, and just start him over a player who's been putting in work for you. It's easier to transition the new guy after he has proven himself and Blake won't suffer from a move to backup PG again. I mean he was the backup when Fisher was here and I'm sure he felt he was playing better and should have been starting. Now he's had a chance and is seeing Sessions is outplaying him. He'll play better as a backup, than if he was not given the chance to compete for his starting PG position. I mean if the point guard they got was like CP3, Rose, Nash, no problem for immediate back up role, but they got Ramon Sessions.
Michael081201::Anybody should play ahead of Fisher.
boom.shaka.::Qzhoopin72 - I'll be glad when Mike Brown is done trying to sooth STeve Blake's ego and just call it as it is. Sessions is the starting PG and will be getting 35 minutes per game. PERIOD!! =====  IDK dude, I'm kinda in the "Blake can do less damage with the starters than he can with the second unit" camp.
elibird123::To a degree I can totally agree, but if Sessions is starting.  1) If he is having a good game, he is staying on the floor longer. 2) If Blake comes in and the offence starts to falter, you can bring Sessions back in. 3) If you start Blake and the offence is not clicking, you don't know if it is because Sessions is not on the floor and you end up playing Blake more minutes. Due to the fact you don't have a reference as to how the game was running before, Sessions went out. Only after you bring Sessions in as a substitute can you tell, if he should be getting the most playing time.  Bottom line Sessions as a starter will end up with him getting even more minutes and less minutes for Blake. Blake as a starter will end up with Sessions getting less minutes on the court.
Retro Snapbackz::I have to side with shaka here, I personally like Ramon coming off the bench and giving us that Manu Ginobli type impact
Jai22T::We goin to still need Steve to think he's a starter but Sessions will take that spot n time.
Michael081201::When you contribute you can feel important.I called it weeks ago with a real PG Barnes would flourish and might have show time again.I would feel like the smartest man on earth if it wasn't so obvious.Actually the whole bench is playing better.
UCLA ORIGINAL::Just need Blake to feel needed and an important part of the team. I dont think Blake care if he starts, he prob just wants to play and contribute. Just cant give it to Sessions, he has to pay a little dues and earn it as well. Having said that, Sessions needs to start soon.
UCLA ORIGINAL::You cant crush Blakes spirit, we need him to be productive and you cant often be productive with a crushed spirit. Maybe you never coached so I wont hold that against you.
Michael081201::When he couldn't beat out Fisher I would think his spirit would already be crushed.Dude isn't too good and won't help the bench at all.
matt_lattos::It's funny how the haters come here after a lakers win to talk nonsense they are jealous kobe and the lakers are the best and have completely dominated the league since 2000
elibird123::Actually, it's not as bad as after a Lakers loss
boom.shaka.::That's absurd!  They've dominated the league since 1980 :P
boom.shaka.::@matt -- I know I'm just joking.
matt_lattos::well yeah but i said kobe and the lakers
elibird123::Tell it like it is! boom.shaka
UCLA ORIGINAL::Russell in the same conversation as Kobe??????? Celtics of that era like Duke of today; alot of good players playing together in a system  that makes them better. Boston was the Yankees of Basketball, they paid for and had all the talent in the league, no team could compete with them in this regard. Bill played on deep teams and were rarely challanged. He also played at a time when at barely 6'9" he was one of the tallest players in the league. Put Lamar odom on that team in that era and we would be talking about the great Lamar Odom right now. And how did the Celtics get all those rings? What was there 12 teams in the league? The Celtics had to play only ONE round to make it to the finals. The Celtic championshi[p teams of that era do not even apply to the game that has spanned the past 32 years, a league now with some parity and players of great size and athleticism. Russell would be a an average to below power forward in this league with no jump shot, Josh Mcroberts could have anchored those Celtic teams.
Qzhoopin72::I don't knock Bill Russell's greatness, no matter what era he played in. He won big at EVERY level he competed!!
UCLA ORIGINAL::He was at the right place and right time on stacked teams, I'll give him that. He was lucky and a great leader.
boom.shaka.::People who know say Russell was the unquestioned leader of those "deep" teams.  That's good enough for me.
UCLA ORIGINAL::If you want to say Bill was one of if not thee best of that era, well thats one thing. But if you want to compare him to Kobe or Kareem or Jordan and say Bill was equal to their greatness then you lose credibility.
boom.shaka.::Good point.  It's easy to lead a bunch of great players who were all the best on their teams before coming to the pros.  I mean, it's not like they had egos or anything like that....
UCLA ORIGINAL::Russell wa the leader of that team, I'M saying it was easy to lead those teams for the reasons i cite in my prior posts. Russell was a shot bolcker in a league made up of predominantly slow white men that couldnt jump.
gubuck5::So if Lebron doesn't win this year what's the excuse?
Michael081201::I agree they have plenty of holes A holes
elibird123::They're going to say it took a team that had 8 players that have had big names in the NBA at one time or another to get him over the hump. LBJ, Wade, Bosh, Miller, Haslem, Howard, Curry, Battier.
boom.shaka.::I'll go with bench and bigs -- or lack thereof.  Miami is really good, but they have holes.
Jai22T::Big time holes,if they can win a chip with them bigs,ill b the 1st on here to give LeBron and DWade big ups
Jai22T::They goin to b sayin he's only 30,nine years n the NBA and cant close...
Qzhoopin72::People spew the same old anti-Kobe b.s. on here every day, as if their biased hateful opinion matters. Meanwhile, the experts with objective opinions, that PLAYED the game....guys that battled against Kobe, like Charles &amp; Kenny, Chris Webber, Chris Mullin, Reggie Miller, Bruce Bowen, Jalen Rose, Tim Legler, even SHAQ!!! They all say Kobe is one of the all-time greats...and most of them put Kobe right behind Mike. Maybe it just me, but I think their words have much more merit than the meatballs in here with a bunch of nerd PER stats.
mhsmustang1::shhhhh!!!!!    .....your making too much sense QZ
rex_coach::What about the guys that COACH &amp; have to PREPARE for him...  When I asked Doc about him, he just shook his head and said that Kobe is "COLD" blooded...  I don't expect spineless clowns to BEGIN understandthat that means...
Michael081201::He's an assassin this year--will kill you with a brick
UCLA ORIGINAL::Behind Mike? Please, Kobe better than mike, not by much but better.
UCLA ORIGINAL::81 POINTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
truesportfanman::Kobe is simply the Best Player in the game today. Others only want to be like Kobe.
Jai22T::U r correct sir
boom.shaka.::Honestly?  I think LBJ is a better all around player right now -- mostly because he's in his prime.  In terms of resume, however, yeah -- Kobe is the bar by which players of his generation (late 90s to current) are measured.
elibird123::I'm not to sure about that. I've seen Kobe make some wicked passes over the years. I think Prince James is a more "willing" passer. Which is getting him what, 1.9 assists per game. Not much, but still more.
Jai22T::LeBron is a better all around player but when the 4th comes he go from 6"8 to 6"1,he comes up so small when the times are big...
UCLA ORIGINAL::La Brick is more athletic and a better passer but the will to win and the belief in himself is not present and if it's not here by now it never will be. Kobe the best ever to play the game.
mhsmustang1::lebron had kobe's poster on his wall in high school.....lol
elibird123::Why listen to the haters,check Kobe's stats &amp; acheivements for yourself  http://www.lakersuniverse.com/kobe/kobe_bryant_gamelogs.htm
elibird123::Kobe is not clutch is crap. They stop at he missed, but fail to tell you a bit more about what really went on during the game. Here's 5 examples: 1. 1999 Playoffs, Spurs vs. Lakers Game 2 – Bryant misses a game tying shot at the end of regulation Kobe misses a desperation 3 to tie the game. Kobe had 28-8-4 to make it close. Shaq has 16 points.  2. 2001 Playoffs, Lakers vs. 76ers Game 1 – Bryant misses a game winning shot with 20 seconds left. Kobe had an admittedly bad game, scoring 15 points. This came off of 11 consecutive playoff wins where he averaged 32ppg. (and perhaps the greatest run by one team in NBA playoff history)  3. 2002 Playoffs, Lakers vs. Kings Game 5 – Bryant misses a game winning shot with 12 seconds left Kobe scores 30 and carries Lakers with Shaq fouled out.  4. 2002 Playoffs, Lakers vs. Kings Game 7 – Bryant misses game winning shot with 8 seconds left and game winning tip. Kobe has a huge game in one of the biggest games in Laker history going for 30-10-7. Lakers win and move on to the NBA finals.  5. 2003 Playoffs, Lakers vs. Twolves Game 3 – Bryan misses the game winning shot with 13 seconds and 2 seconds left. What Kobe Hater forgets to mention here is that Bryant scored 5 points in the last 22 seconds to tie the game and force overtime. Oh — and he happened to put up a 30-7-6 line.  Verrrry unclutch.
Michael081201::If you look this year why Kobe has to bail them out is because he put them in that position with o for 4 and a couple turnovers to get there,and I'm a laker fan.Last night shot only 18 times.Much better.
mhsmustang1::the game against tmac when kobe dropped 30 in one half and shut down tmac who was tearing us up.....this was when the convo was tmac vs kobe
mhsmustang1::2000 game 4.   the entire 2010 finals ....playing with a broken finger on shooting hand.
elibird123::http://chasing23.com/the-ball-dont-lie-but-sometimes-stats-do
Jai22T::Kobe is one of the 10 best players in NBA HISTORY.......
UCLA ORIGINAL::10?????????????????  #1 OF ALL TIME SIR!
boom.shaka.::Kobe is great, Lebron is great, but neither are as good as MJ, Magic, Jabbar, Bird, Wilt or Russell (in no particular order) so, at the end of the day....who cares?
2kobeisgood4::i'm a Lakers fan and i put all the Lakers great above MJ
2kobeisgood4::why i'm a Lakers fan not a bulls fan, i'm quite sure they a lots of Bulls fans out there and band -wagon fan who like MJ
Jai22T::Stop
rex_coach::Wilt took TWO teams and set record WINS with both of them.  One towards the middle of his career and the other at the END of his career...  Other than Jabbar &amp; Russell, who else can say that?
mhsmustang1::but he was like a man against boys at the time....he was playing through a different era.   i respect him, top ten all time, im just saying i think a lot of players would have inflated ridiculous stats playing in that time,   wilt once averaged 50 ppg for a SEASON....its not like he could shoot 3's either.
boom.shaka.::@mhsmustang1 -- Perhaps, but even among his contemporaries, Wilt's stats are ridiculous.
mhsmustang1::they also had like 30-40 more possessions per game. im sure its easier to score and get assists when you have more chances. give mj, kobe, magic the ball 30-40 more times and see what their stats look like.
rex_coach::No doubt...
Jai22T::He's only a top 5 great and had a season he played ever min of every game and guy was amazing.
boom.shaka.::Wilt also averaged 4+ assists 8 or 9 times in his career - with  seasons of 7.8 and 8.6 apg over 82 games.  It's amazing how little respect he gets.
truesportfanman::"As good as" are only words penned to emotions. Getting it done at this stage of his career is what the Black Mamba does.
Jai22T::I agree but Kobe is top 10 all day
truesportfanman::Lamar jumped out of the fry pan into the fire when he complained he wanted to be moved to a team that loves him. He had it all with the Lakers.
rex_coach::This is what happens when you are sensitive and do NOT understand that professional sports is a BIZNESS
aacs::Today's #1 in ESPN top ten was Kobe's under-the-basket shot.  Only problem ... if you watch carefully ... he landed BEFORE he released the ball ... also known as TRAVELING!  Nice #1 pick, guys!
Qzhoopin72::Hey aacs....feel free to retract your stupid assertion that "Kobe traveled" at any time. We'll forgive you!!
rex_coach::The lack of INTEGRITY on these boards is STAGGTERING
Jai22T::Stop being a grade A hater and watch the play..
Qzhoopin72::FAIL!!!! Kobe was IN THE AIR when he caught the ball....meaning that he's entitled to land on the floor with the ball, which I guess he did. In other words, he could've caught that pass as he did, landed with it, and dribbled out to the 3-point line or whatever.  He chose to make an acrobatic shot with it.  But it was not a travel.
rex_coach::Nice call...  I was laffin @ "Nice #1 pick, JAB @ espn...
truesportfanman::the only problem is you need glasses and a rule book.
rex_coach::LMAO
jviramontes13::Kobe &gt; LeBron always.  That is all.
Michael081201::At least Brown has them playin D.Phil never could.
mhsmustang1::something that makes sense.....all the experts on every network say kobe&gt; lebron
mhsmustang1::phil jackson wrote a book saying kobe was uncoachable and the demise of the lakers.....only to be back on the team the next year and win 2 more rings. phil's a basketball legend, but he's not always zen lol
rex_coach::of course Magic hasn't ever been wrong, has he?  What does Phil Jackson say?  His words or word would carry more weight than Magic's.  Thoughts...
mhsmustang1::bullsh*t.
smoody FTW::Magic Johnson and a slew of others dont sorry
smoody FTW::only FANS say this, experts and ppl who know the game don't...stop being a FAN and research the facts
rex_coach::Those same experts says that Kobe "bean" is more skilled.  I agree, LBJ is a better player, but what does that matter?  Better yet, WHY?  I'd take either one of them.  I'm sure you would as well.
boonie1990::sessions is starting to turn out to be everything the lakers needed. if he improves on defense he can find himself in top 10 pg discussion next season.
smoody FTW::I am not trying to discredit Kobe at all, he is one of the greats, but LA fans for some reason can't see his flaws or are blinded by facts,  he is a GREAT scorer, LeBron is a GREAT basketball player, higher IQ for the game, this shows in his career totals, totals that surpass MJ as well...  yes he has no RINGS, but Rings are only a small part of the talk, TEAMS win rings, not individuals...
Qzhoopin72::Rings always seem to be a small part of the discussion whenever it's about Lebron.
elibird123::Kobe is a GREAT basketball player, GREAT scorer, HIGHER IQ for the game, BIGGER heart. This shows when he shows up in the playoffs and when he is not afraid to take the BIG shot to give his team a chance at a win.   Yes he has RINGS and a BIG part of the talk when analyst and everyone else talks about GREAT players.
Jai22T::U cant discredit Kobe,LeBron is high IQ but he's a good player a few steps away from great,he really needs to play better at the end of games.MJ was the same as Kobe if u remember until Phil came along...
boom.shaka.::Umm, if you're comparing career numbers, guys in their prime will almost always look better than guys who are already (or about to) retire.
boom.shaka.::hehe...so you think Lebron's numbers won't decline as he gets older?  In that case, can I interest you in some "exclusive" waterfront property in lovely Central Florida?
smoody FTW::umm, no.. carer numbers are just that CAREER.
boonie1990::lol he seriously said lebron has a higher basketball IQ than kobe.
smoody FTW::yea, do you even know what that means
mhsmustang1::you keep bringing up brons triple doubles but then glaze past oscar robertson who had 41 in just one season. are we to believe that he's the goat??
mhsmustang1::but your making a logical fallacy if you make a point like oh lebron has more triple doubles than kobe and mj .....but when someone has more than lebron your like......well that doesnt count.
smoody FTW::per LA fans rings is all that matters, so yes Oscar Robertson is the GOAT with that logic...  and I leeft them off because todays debate is who is better Kobe or Lebron...that all
boonie1990::did you just say lebron has a higher basketball IQ than kobe?
matt_lattos::Rings are only a small part of the talk  -Ridiculous Smoody   the purpose of playing NBA is to win a ring
smoody FTW::exactly..Fisher is as great as Kobe then is what your telling me?
gubuck5::I love when people try to act like Kobe wasn't the alpha dog on the last two Lakers championship teams, or for that matter, an all star on the first three.
matt_lattos::notice how only smoody and his boyfriend like his comments....... nobody else agrees with his nonsense
mhsmustang1::but hey gotta give it up to them, their the only lebron trolls that have the balls to show up after a laker win, if they lost last night their would be 5000+ comments from trolls lol
jviramontes13::Nonsense indeed.
mhsmustang1::agreed.
smoody FTW::LA fans dont agree, but number from ESPN do not lie..carry on living in denial
smoody FTW::Kobe = 5 Rings in 16yr LeBron = 0 Rings in 8 yrs  Kobe = on great teams 14 yrs leBron = on great team 1 1/2 yrs  Kobe = Phil Jackson as coach = best ever LeBron = Mike Brown = joke  Kobe has been fortunate to play on great teams and be coached by greatest coach LeBron is just now on a true contender in their 2nd season, the ring talk is not a = comparison between the two.   So with that said one must look at career numbers to determine the best players, not the players on the best teams..
RocForceOne::I don't care about stats son. The only stats I care are Championships for the Lakers
RocForceOne::Ok career numbers wise GOAT goes to : Wilt Chamberlain  So Wilt &gt; Jordan&gt; Magic &gt; Kareem &gt; Kobe&gt; Bird &gt; Lebron etc
smoody FTW::LeBron &gt; Kobe in career numbers, sorry
mhsmustang1::well in that case kobe is the fifth best player all time? this is foolishness because how could jordan be the GOAT? he doesnt lead any statistical category???
mhsmustang1::ok i forgot that one stat, i was talking about total points, assists, steals, rebounds......
Hammered_Cubs_Fan2.0::Jordan doesn't boast the highest ppg average for a career? You know nothing about basketball.
gubuck5::How's this argument look if Kobe wins with Mike Brown?
smoody FTW::Bad, but I don't see this happening
elibird123::When has LeBron been on a team that has the status of great? If you are talking about the team he is on now, they haven't done anything yet. The only ones calling them "Great" are Heat fans.
matt_lattos::reply this if you are homosexual
smoody FTW::yea same team went to WORST in ENTIRE league after he left...they sure was good.
jviramontes13::smoody FTW  -  Kobe Bryant   36/115 attempts at measly 31% shooting in clutch  And where are LeBron's same stats?
jviramontes13::Sounds pretty measly too.  But at least he has knows how to show up in 4th quaters in big games right?
boom.shaka.::Who cares?  Those numbers don't count the number of times he (or Lebron or anybody else) stopped the opponent's 8-0 run at the end of the half by drawing a foul.  And they don't count the number of times he (or Lebron or anybody else) keyed a 14-2 run that put the game out of reach in the 3rd.  It's just selective statistical analysis (with very poor methodology) used to advance a specific argument....kinda like PER.
smoody FTW::23/69 @ 33%
Hammered_Cubs_Fan2.0::mhsmustang1 you fighting an uphill battle, everyone who has ever watched the game will tell you kobe is clutch.     how about 2000 finals game 4 when shaq fouled out and kobe carried the team to an ot win on a bad ankle?? ======================  Sorry, but missing 72% of your game-winning or game-tying shot-attempts in the playoffs excludes any player from being "clutch".
Hammered_Cubs_Fan2.0::I would NEVER want a shot-jacker like Kobe on my team; it would ruin the team-chemistry.
mhsmustang1::you just jealous that your team doesnt have kobe lol the shaq point was just saying that kobe's greatest rival even gives it up, it would be like if bird came out and said magic was outright better than him....plus all the legends have had great teams. from bill russel to mj
Hammered_Cubs_Fan2.0::HHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAA!! You think I care what SHAQ says?? He's a fence-rider at this point in time. I, unlike all of you Kobe worshipers, DESPISE 'hero-ball'. I'll take team-ball in late-game situations over your PROVEN to not work consistently 'hero-ball, that Kobe shoves down people's throats.
mhsmustang1::at least he takes em.....but you continue to point to one stat, while everyone who watches the games, including shaq, says that kobe is clutch and the best of this generation.
smoody FTW::great teams don't need 1 player to hit a game winner.
mhsmustang1::then i guess the chicago teams weren't great?? and the 98 finals game 6 means nothing to you? go back to school, you shouldn't skip class.
boom.shaka.::That's why Fish is a Laker legend.
ghettofab562::Lakers will issue an absolute thrashing on the "just OK...C" tonight
smoody FTW::I hope your still around tomorrow
smoody FTW::jviramontes13 - Triple doubles don't measure how good a player they are.  Why don't you check who's got more buzzer beaters to win a game.  Or 4th quater points.  Better yet, championship rings.  Kobe Bryant  36/115 attempts at measly 31% shooting in clutch..try again rings are used to compare great teams/organizations, not valid to compare best players
mhsmustang1::if you strictly look at stats than wilt is the GOAT.   or kareem depending on how you look at it   or oscar robertson who had 41 triple doubles in ONE  season....move along troll.
RocForceOne::When the Heat win I'll congratulate until then Lebron is just coatail riding to the South Beach
RocForceOne::Like I said keep your catagory stats and I'll keep my championships and champagne glory
smoody FTW::how can he be coattail riding leading the team in alomost every category you dumba$$
RocForceOne::Ok keep your stats and I'll keep championships and Ws
smoody FTW::but when the HEAT win, its not good enough unless LBJ makes a buzzer beater...hypocrite
mhsmustang1::you fighting an uphill battle, everyone who has ever watched the game will tell you kobe is clutch.    how about 2000 finals game 4 when shaq fouled out and kobe carried the team to an ot win on a bad ankle??
mhsmustang1::go look at my next comment it shows how your still wrong lol   but winning that game at 20 is the epitome of clutch, how about winning in 7 against boston with a broken finger on your shooting hand? thats not clutch??
smoody FTW::I am not talking about a particular game or person dumba$$, generally speaking any PRO player could potentially hit a game winner at somepoint in their career, doesnt mean nothing
mhsmustang1::it wasnt a game winner, thts how uneducated you are, he just dropped 30 on the living legend reggie miller......at 20 years old.
smoody FTW::numbers dont lie, fans just remember the makes. I go by stats..anybody in the nba can hit a game winner doesn't make them clutch, if that even exist.
Packnation21::The Bulls were dumb to not try and get Pau Gasol, the guy is a difference maker
Packnation21::I woulda given up Gibson, Deng, and Watson (but now you have Sessions)
Hammered_Cubs_Fan2.0::Gibson, Deng and Watson for Gasol?? No way would the Bulls ever be that stupid.
RocForceOne::Naw doesn't cut it for me
boom.shaka.::And I would have said "no thanks"
RocForceOne::Trading for Boozer is basically getting Chris Bosh with shorter arms and no defense
boom.shaka.::Oh, they tried, but what could they offer?  Boozer ain't gonna cut it.
matt_lattos::Chris paul 13 points in the clippers loss Ramon sessions 17 points in the lakers win THE JOKE IS ON YOU DAVID STERN
RocForceOne::Who's Lebron?
Hammered_Cubs_Fan2.0::Lebron can't hold a candle to Jordan, clown.
smoody FTW::your dumb to say sessions in better then cp3...or handicapped
questions411::This statement just disqualified you from discussions, you have surrendered your credibility regarding rational objective thought.
smoody FTW::best player overall, rings are a team accomplishment and have nothing to do with ones talent, LBJ has a better talent then them both at the game of basketball, that's why they keep track of stats
matt_lattos::CHAMPIONSHIPS  jordan 6 kobe 5 lebron 0 you are a mentally retãrded if you think lebron is the best among those 3 players
smoody FTW::TRIPLE DOUBLES CAREER LeBron James = 29 in 8 yrs Michael Jordan = 28 in 15 yrs Kobe Bryant = 17 in 16 yrs  Whos the better basketball player?
mhsmustang1::oscar roberston?? lol
RocForceOne::Agreed. Wilt's stats will never appear on an NBA boxscore again. Dude is a legend
Packnation21::LeBron....0 rings
smoody FTW::we are talking best basketball player, not who was on a winning TEAM
RocForceOne::Well your list is your OPINION not a fact
smoody FTW::no, my question was between the 3 I mentioned..
boom.shaka.::People always discount Wilt's numbers because they were so ridiculously sick.
jviramontes13::Triple doubles don't measure how good a player they are.  Why don't you check who's got more buzzer beaters to win a game.  Or 4th quater points.  Better yet, championship rings.
RocForceOne::Stats wise....Wilt Chamberlain
smoody FTW::He isn't in my list
jank6708::Lamar Odom.................................lol what a bust for Dallas
smoody FTW::Kobe had an excellent game, but j kidd ins't Mr defense either, Shawn Marion would have made Kobe work harder and take more shots to get 30, and with Kobe taking more shots that leave less shots for other Laker players, Mavs would have had a chance to win if Marion had played
Hammered_Cubs_Fan2.0::Yeah, and why has Kobe only come to this realization SEVEN times this year(Laker$ are 6-1 when he takes less-than 20 shots)?  Either Kobe is a mental-midget, or he's incredibly selfish(I go with the latter).
elibird123::Maybe they've only been tapping that a.ss in 7 games, where they felt they could rest Kobe. Maybe you're the mental midget.
questions411::One would expect Kobe's efficiency to increase when he is playing off the ball. With a true point guard like Sessions initiating the offense, teams must attend to him, not allowing them to put so much attention on Kobe; thus, this would free up Kobe no matter who was guarding him. Context is everything, and this is new territory for the Lakers, having a legitimate point guard, so trying to compare to past is futile.
elibird123::Yeah, but isn't it uncanny, weird, down right strange, that most haters don't seem to realize that when the Lakers are playing well or beating down an opponent.: 1) They are not depended upon Kobe scoring a lot. 2) He doesn't have to play as many minutes 3) That means he has fewer FGA's So, in the final analysis, when they say the team has a better won/loss when Kobe shot less, you can say hell yes, because the Lakers as a team was tapping that a.ss!   ;)
Hammered_Cubs_Fan2.0::How are the Laker$ the best team?? If they lose 2 more games on the road, they'll be guaranteed to have a losing road-record for the year.  FUN FACT: No team has won a championship with a losing road-record since the SEVENTIES.
boom.shaka.::FUN FACT: No team has won a championship with a losing road-record since the SEVENTIES. ===  So the Lakers are due?  HAYELL YEAH!!!!
RocForceOne::How long ago was the 70s? I must be hammered
Allen6338::I will say this Kobe and the Lakers are the only team I see that fans have a sign saying Beat LA.  I wonder why that is? Dallas won last year I do not see any signs. You jaCK A   S S es may post until you are blue in the face but it still will not changed the fact that the Lakers are the best team like it or NOT:)
RocForceOne::You can't forget about Kobe lol
RocForceOne::Name one time that you stopped saying Kobe's name for the last 2 hours
smoody FTW::lol you cant find a game
RocForceOne::If this, if that, would, could, should....got any of those left?
boom.shaka.::LMFAO @ smoody.  He had 28 points on 17 shots already this year and has put up 30+ on 18 or fewer several times a year for the last 5 or 6 years (and probably longer than that, but I got tired of looking).  Do your own homework and you won't be owned quite so often.
smoody FTW::name 1 other game Kobe has scored 30 pts on 18 shots or less....
yogi_bear_picnic::OKC is the only team that can challenge LA in the West now
inglewood247::Yes......i think it will be LA vs OKC when it comes to western finals. But, this time it won't be a sweep.
Allen6338::incorrect again OKC will not get pass the Spurs if they have to play them first
Allen6338::Dallas sucks and so do their fans if Kobe raped anyone it was Dallas tonight along with Sessions kicking their A s s e s :)
Allen6338::When someone comes to your room late at night with you security people aware of it maybe they are looking for a payday. I think last night Dallas came to the court to play but their fans had to settle for a rap job and stupid playing how about that homey:(
boom.shaka.::He raped them, but they took the settlement and refused to press charges so what are you gonna do?
bgeelove::Just 19 more regular season games and then the main event: Playoffs. If the Lakers can play together like they did last night, they will win it all.
smoody FTW::i almost passed out laughing
boom.shaka.::Don't be so hard on yourself...size isn't everything.
takemehomelord::Kobe has another 3yrs after this season to ball out
Allen6338::Why are you trying to play God!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
elibird123::Then what happens?
