Michael Campbell::millsap is having one hell of a game...
Kobe Vino::Go Hawks!
Tim Moore::Nuggets finally win. I guess it was all George Karl's fault, lol. Still stupid 2 years later. Karl elevated a mediocre team to being good. Now they are just what they are, lower tier.
William Meis::2 years later???
Alan Pettyjohn::and yet his team last year also started 0-3...but I guess that doesn't fit your whine and cheese party
Daniel Stewart::Really impressed with the Atlanta offense so far. Did not expect them to score over 100 points in each of the first 4 games of this season. I think they'll keep it going here against the Nuggets 103-93
Ryan Eggers::1 more home loss and that equals last seasons total already.cmon nuggets fight through this!
Reeves Cox::Let's go HAWKS! Beat the Nuggets! Keep feedin' the BOSS and we'll keep winning games!
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::horford your wide open hit that shot your moron
Nathan N Maxine Radocy::denver D
Alan Pettyjohn::Geez...can all the "Wish we had Karl Back" Nuggets fans just stop for a second and consider something in the middle of all the bashing?  Guess what Denvers record was after 4 games in the franchise best season last year??     1-3....JUST LIKE IT IS NOW!  They even started off 0-3.   BUT for someone reason that was okay...and Shaws identical start is ridiculed??  WOW...While it is apparent that this is a NEW Nuggets team (thank goodness?) and they are experiencing growing pains...I feel that they will be okay... Can we agree to hold the hate till ...say...the ASG?
John Osaki Jr.::Kind of a meaningless game. Bring back the past, if you are a big-time Dominique Wilkins fan, check out the new edition 2013 book NBA 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
John Osaki Jr.::Nuggets win! Throw back the clock and check out Dan Issle in Dirk Nowitzki's chapter of the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Danny Leavitt::Books for sale! Get yer books! Books for sale
Iggy Phoenix::Free Plays have been posted for games tonight. Check em out if you are struggling, these guys are for real... http://fieldrunners.wix.com/picks-that-hit
Campbell Miller::Nuggets first win is tonight. So underrated. Ty Lawson leading my nuggets to a western conference title.
Daniel Stewart::Slow down there sparky. The west may not be all that great this year, but this Nuggets team won't get past the Clips, Thunder, or Rockets.
Justin Galbreath::couldn't get pass the kings.....
Danny Leavitt::I think Taco Bell is safe this year in Denver. Is this the same team that lost only 3 home games last year?
Wash Heightsboythree::Don't get your wins too fast, Nuggets.  Spread those 12 over the whole season.
Alan Pettyjohn::didn't you post this last year after the win to be at 1-3?  I seem to remember a franchise record year started off with the same record after 4 games...
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Nuggets what the sh-t.  Pretty sure this is not how you tank. Utah is beating you.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::can atlanta mae it less obvious ,, they wnna lose/??? up 8??? wtf easy shots miss
James Cass::C'mon Budenholzer, go to your bench early. The Nuggets really need a win.
Danny Leavitt::Only 38 comments. People are already off the Nuggets wagon.
Alan Pettyjohn::never left...never got on....was just born to it...
Wesley Compton::Stupid three by Kyle korver selfish straight selfish
Justin Berg::Denver just got Mill-slapped!  And still found a way to win...
Mason Wesley Lloyd::**crickets**
Richard Petzoldt::Why did Horford come out of the game so early. Not injured I hope.
Calen Scott Essex::Nuggets appear to be on a quest for andrew wiggins
Wash Heightsboythree::god willing, it will work out.
Justin Galbreath::Yo ESPN, the game definitely doesn't start at 6
Daniel Stewart::OOOHHHHHHHHH JESUS
