Stan Anvik::5 rotation players out on a road back to back after losing by 30+ the night before and Rockets win by 17?  Yeah I'll take that.
Willis Thong::You don't have Harden throwing bricks.
Joe Brooks::In 2011 the Rockets were 16-11 through 27 games. 2012 brought the overpaid Harden and Lin and the 27 game record was 15-12. 2013 brings the Howard super contract and a jump all the way up to 17-10. Seems like a lot of money spent to gain 1 game over a 2 year period. Seems they would figure it out at some point that players were never the problem. The problem for Houston are the guys in coats and ties sitting on the bench!!
Derrick Lee::2011 team missed the playoffs, the season when harden joined they got 8th seed in western conference, this season they will probably be at least be 4th seed in the western conference finals. The team seems to be moving in the right place. Wait till the rockets get a quality piece for Asik then it might look more like a contending team.
James Garcia::You're doing it wrong, it's easy to forget major factors when trying to make a cheap point. Next time don't forget to  overall record, playoff seeding, the time it takes to adjust new players, and other important stuff like that.
Samuel Fisher::The Rockets win a game without Harden and all of a sudden they are better without him. Calm down people.
Matt Elmore::don't worry. you hear it all the time when it comes to the Lakers. there's a reason why the organization pays Harden and Kobe big money, and it's not because they like them as people
Matt Elmore::*organizations, like Houston and LA
Dominic Wingate::No luv for Beverly on here smh and you people claim to be Rockets fans, well let me say i hope for a speedy recovery Beverly.
James Garcia::Me, too.
Jeremy Gingrich::Beverley is a beast. The rest of the team needs to hustle like him
Leland Wong::Somehow the chemistry is not working for the Rox, the Rox were destroyed by the Pacers and JH just flat out can not play defense against the better teams and players. At this time him and Jones are the weak links in the Rox team.
James Warner::So the offense of Pat Beverly and his decision making aren't an issue? You're making this up on the account of what happened last night. Paul George is known to be a shut down defender on Harden and what % did Casspi and Garcia shoot? Cause they're just pathetic now... Yea we have issues but we are gonna get better.
Leland Wong::The Rox team play is a lot better w/o JH, JH is a ball hog and a poor ball handler. The ball moves a lot better and DW12 and others get more touches, the ball moves around a lot more.
James Garcia::Calm down, it's just the pistons.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::31 assists just on ball movement and fewer Harden isos. Crazy how much talent this team has when they play like a team.
James Garcia::Calm down, it's just the pistons.
Jason Vu::Rockets are gonna miss Beverly's tough D...hopefully he will only be out for 4 weeks instead of 6.
Uy G. Nguyen::pistons can't even come close to 9 points against houston 2nd units..what a joke team
Cory Nope::So hows your homeland? I hear its starting to wash up along the west coast.
Uy G. Nguyen::Cory Nope, really? you have to go that low of a human being ? must be an inbred..
Cory Nope::Uy G. Nguyen Your people ARE inbred.
Carl D Hill::Dwight seems to play better when both ball hogs aren't playing....
James Garcia::Calm down, it's just the pistons.
Carl D Hill::James Garcia My statement stands....
Steven Anacker::Carl D Hill Calm down, it's just James Garcia.
Philip-Maximus Onyirimba::watching them against the pacers was embarrassing, it's like the coach was like "oh we have a game today lets go play' i didn't see a team wit a plan for the game like the pacers is just any team...you can't just wake up and play the pacers. The Rockets coaches need to start earning their pay and do their homework before every opponent..its like their play is pure out of their talent...i was like is this a YMCA game that the Rockets r playing against the Best team in the NBA...And the Rockets need to recognize that Dwight is their 1st choice before Harden...i don't know y the coach won't Drill this into their head...or is he scared of hurting Hardens feels...we're losing games we shouldn't be losing b/c Harden shoots like 3/10 from the 3..or something in that range when he's pretty much great attacking the basket n getting foul calls....This is y i believe Harden is Lazy and if he does this in the playoffs the Rocket will be out in the first round regardless of how great Dwight plays...And i hope McHale is gone b/c it's he's job to make his players play on their strengths not their weakness...
Matt Elmore::And I'm sorry, but Josh Smith is really getting on my nerves. Shooting 8-20 for 19 points does nothing for your team. You need to drive your a$$ into the paint and make plays, not settle for mid-range jumpers and awkward floaters from 8 feet.
Seal Rchin::John Smith, Al Horford, Carmelo Anthony...............same player. Score a lot, do not win, blame others.
Michael DeCaire::I think if Drummond were to attempt a spinning 360° 3point jumper that it would have a better shot at going in than anything out of Smith's hands 15ft and out.
Matt Elmore::Seal Rchin na I would leave Al Horford off that list. boy works hard on the boards and on defense
John Taylor::rockets beat the pistons? well...dwight howard is working out well for the rockets.  im a miami heat fan but actually, i wouldnt mind seeing howard, harden, lin, asik, and the rockets be one of the top 3 teams in the west.
Cory Nope::This is why the pistons have to move Monroe NOW for upgrades along the perimeter. You AREN'T going to be able to beat every team up in the post- especially when they can match up with the frontcourt. 3pt shooting decided this game early on.
Mark Mattson::they need to learn how to draft...and not trade for crap
Cory Nope::Mark Mattson No indulgence.
Mark Mattson::Cory Nope - the worst part of it all is that the east is so bad the pistons will probably make the playoffs and run themselves right out of the lottery in a year when the lottery is STACKED
John Osaki Jr.::Its about time! What a monster game from Dwight Howard. Big-time Howard fans, check out his projected rankings in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Jake Gibbs::Love Jennings.  Pistons offense is scoring so much now that we have him. Pistons can't take the next step until Drummond figures out how to play basketball. Man has Drummond disappeared when it's time to close teams out.
Mark Mattson::you have to be a troll.  drummond is just in his second season and way ahead of schedule and jennings is el terrible
Jake Gibbs::Jennings with 6 assists already, nice.  Too bad Drummond is getting dominated by Howard.  No Lin, no Harden, no Asik, no excuses for Detroit not to win this game.
Cory Nope::Youd suck Jennings dick if he asked.
Jonathan E. Collins::Now no Beverley
Jeremy Gingrich::And no Smith
Matt Beggs::still wondering why Houston try stupid alley oops to anyone other than Dwight, Casspi has done some stupid passes
Figaro Tsai::Rockets needs Harden? i don't think so. Howard today plays beyond my expectation.
James Garcia::Calm down, it's just the pistons.
B NotrelatedtoOj Simpson::Is Omer Asik really hurt? He was only be out a week, not a month
Scott David Matheson::He has injured feelings.
McCoy Larosa::Rox chemistry is excellent when harden's out.
James Garcia::Calm down, it's just the pistons.
McCoy Larosa::Great shooting %, rebounding for howard.
Leland Wong::It is very clear to most ppl that DW12 is the franchise player of the Rox and last  year the Lakers. All the ESPN ppl , Stephen A.,Skip Bayles ,Shaq, Greg Anthony says so. The offense should go thru DW12 it makes things a lot easier. DW12 shoots over 60%, JH 44%, DW12 is a better rebounder, DW12 gets double and triple teamed and that frees up others. JH is very turnover prone.  Using Kobe or JH as the franchise player is a farce, recipe for losing. JH needs to learn how to play defense first. Ppl need to realize that DW12 is a great player on defense and on offense. He is a top five player in the NBA.
Timothy J. Casey::As much potential as the Pistons may have, you'd be wishing on a star hoping for that potential to become a reality when Jennings and Smith are running your offense and Maurice Cheeks is your head coach. So, get used to some frustratingly up and down play my fellow Piston fans.  Now I'm off to Piston Powered to read about how this loss is all Monroe's fault.
Jeremy Gingrich::This is why I've been saying all year long that the offense needs to run through Dwight every time he is on the floor. First thing they should do in the half court offense every time is pass the ball to Dwight in the post
