Damage..Control::And Maxwell goes ---------&gt;  <b><i><u>Wa Wa Wa Weeeeeeeeeeeee</u></i></b>  Another 20 point loss
GeorgeTownDC29::Andrea Bargnani..
Brian36651::Don't miss out on INTPICKS betting advice on this game, see the site for more info - impressive record, fully documented, they have a pick for this one
J OWE YOU I::anytime cuban loses the NBA wins
Plargo::Dallas players were out cavorting at Toronto strip joints until way way way way too late last night.
Mr. Bradford::Since we won't be playing each other again this season, good luck to y'all and y'alls season. Also, nice NBA support, Toronto. 19,132 in attendance for this one and the Raptor fans have been averaging 18,800. Maybe that has something to do with the Leafs not playing?.. but still. Very nice.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::It's actually a pretty normal number for the Raptors...They'd sell out every single game this season if they were .500
Mr. Bradford::0-13 from the 3. That's embarrassing. Not to mention the Raptors getting 26 points off our turnovers VS us getting 8 off theirs.   <b> FLIPPING BALL CONTROL DANGIT!!</b>
Justinkm83::That was the worst game I've seen them play this year. 5th best 3 point shooting team in the NBA goes 0-14, I guess it's just one of those nights. Hurry back Dirk.
dirkaqs41::Mavs were due for a let down after a stallword effort against a great veteran team wednesday. 2OT's on a road trip is rough.. even so what the hell happened? the raptors have nobody. Dwayne the Magician Casey somehow got a bunch of wierdos to pull this one out of their hat. Props Dwayne.
Carbon-based::Dallas suck
Mr. Bradford::This was just one of those awful nights.
Woodywoodpick::Raptors won because this crap bull s hit Bargnani did not contribute with his exceptional FG percentage of 4/16
mrmoondy::bargnani, now Dallas is the worst team in the NBA
bronsonbrooks::Looks like it will be a Raptor/ Knick East final
screwhead2305::why is fisher still starting in the NBA??  mavs have the worst PG situation
toronto-vigilante3::A nearly 14 year old streak ends for Dallas, going 0/13 from 3 &amp; the Mavs streak of 1,108 games w/ a made 3 ends in a 95-74 loss in Toronto... ___________________________________  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bellser21::Dallas - 1 qtr over 20 pts that is pathetic.  Don't you understand you need to put the ball in the bucket.  No pay should be collected when you don't put up 20+/qtr.
laytonwasasocialist::Was primo even on the bench tonight?
gri400::didn't see him
wnsj89::didn't really watch the game, how good is terrence ross?
BleedYellow0587::Are you guys kidding? He has been horrible this year
wnsj89::excellent, glad there's some good news in Raptorland
gri400::davis as well as been pretty good. start him over bargs anyday
laytonwasasocialist::rave reviews IMO.  smart, aggressive, great leaper, good dunker, smooth jumper, good off the ball.  Not much to dislike
gri400::pretty damn good
gri400::would anyone not really be all that excited if we get dickey? don't get me wrong i'd be fine with him coming here but i'm worried about the cost we would pay
laytonwasasocialist::it all depends I guess... JPA and gose is a lot.  but dickey is really really good.  WOuld u rather hypothetically have 32 starts by dickey or happ?
jays hit moonshots::that's just what they want you to think.   rasmus is a myth
laytonwasasocialist::agreed on the extension part. Gose and JPA for 1 yr is too much.  But for 4 yrs. I could live with it.
gri400::its a good problem to have for sure.  Ithink i place a higher value on JPA then many people do, but i feel like he'd be the best fit to get moved. I think i could get in line on a JPA, rasmus and a lesser (but decent) prospect for dickey.   I just look at our prospect depth and most of it is in pitchers, which is great but we seem thin on hitting prospects. I'm all for getting dickey, but he'd have to sign an extension as well
laytonwasasocialist::you don't believe in rasmus? like literally?  I mean he does exist!  I have no faith in him of course.  Doubt the mets want him tho. His value is near nil.  38 is not old for a knuckleballer. All the best pitched well into their 40's
jays hit moonshots::dickey is old and i don't believe in rasmus. i hope da keep gose
laytonwasasocialist::too many keep forgetting that JPA put up better numbers than darnaud in vegas.  is a good problem to have.  You can;t go half all in...  see: ricciardi, jp.
gri400::thats why i'm fine with him coming, i just worry about the price, i would do all i can to not give up gose or d'arnaud.
mizsioux::Look at that, The Big Suck is out and we win, screw Bargs
laytonwasasocialist::you are always welcome here sir.
laytonwasasocialist::selfish, spolied, horrible body language, immature, juvenile, etc...  In other words, the basketball version of Yunel Escobar
mizsioux::I didn't hate bargnani before, I knew he was $hlt, but now I hate him. Call out the team and you're the biggest reason the situation is the way it is? Go Puck yourself Bargnani
laytonwasasocialist::I smell a 38 game winning streak coming on...
gri400::52 games for sure, davis averages a triple double and bargs gets deported, and ross wins the dunk contest
laytonwasasocialist::like and like
MavsRangersCowboysFIFA::Stupid Carlisle. Should have made team shoot 3's from about 6 min point of 4th quarter when game was long gone over
laytonwasasocialist::Just caught the Primo quote.  How dumb does one have to be to assume that an interview for an Italian pub won;t come back to TO??  Screw releasing him.  Extradite him.
Stephen21284::what are you talking about?
laytonwasasocialist::bargnani
gri400::he is pretty stupid
jays hit moonshots::he is a canadian citizen
jays hit moonshots::i do hold accountable the calangelo.  he should of scouted him better
laytonwasasocialist::i hate BC just as much. AM an equal opportunity hater.  Expectations have no bearing on desire, will to play, being a good teammate, effort and intelligence.  I don;t hold BC accountable for that.  That's on pasta boy
jays hit moonshots::save your hate for calangelo. bargnani would do fine in a limited role. colangelo put crushing expectation on the guy.
laytonwasasocialist::have no clue if that's true or not. If it is, we can either revoke it, or try him for treason.  There are options.
gri400::amnesty bargs, start davis
Dtownsports4me::Bad loss that may haunt the Mavs...
Dtownsports4me::Sometimes giving up those long streaks can stick with a team. I admit that stings as a fan..just hope the team rebounds.
Stephen21284::It won't haunt them. Good teams loses to bad teams every season. They just have to move on from the loss!
arvinramroop::MAVS STREAK IS OVER!
SamuelTurner954::huh? what streak?   They lost two days ago to the celtics.
gri400::games with a 3 pointer made
Stephen21284::Raptors' only highlight of the season! * applaud*
JoeyDorsey4MVP::No, the game against Indiana where we didn't make a field goal in the 4th and still won the game. Is still my season highlight.
laytonwasasocialist::ha! good choice.  The AJ 'rejection' is up there too
laytonwasasocialist::incorrect.  Bargs got hurt.
laytonwasasocialist::Hey!! what did Primo say today? Unfortunately had to put in an honest days work... I missed it?
DR HORSE 1::raps are the worst team in the league with  primo pasta  playing
wnsj89::something like the Raptors are the worst team in the league...don't want to hear his crying, if he can't step up and lead by example then get rid of him
jays hit moonshots::the truth
laytonwasasocialist::doesn't matter. if it's true or not.  You can't say it.  Only an awful teammate, one who's at the heart of it no less, would make an opinion like that public.
gri400::that the raps were basically the worst team in the league. didn't really say how much of a factor HE was in that
arvinramroop::YES RAPTORS ...NOW TIME FOR WIN AGAINST ROCKETS AND WELL TAKE DOWN CAVS AND PISTONS
skinnyyy::IM SO HAPPY
secueritae::Toronto has the best Perimeter D in the league!! 2 Straight games not letting in a 3 pt fg
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Toronto will you guys riot, and flip cars over on my behalf.  I don't want to be the only person doing it.
gri400::already tipped over a Prius
toronto-vigilante3::I tipped over a BMW...then realized it was my own car....in my own driveway.  Too much JD tonight.
gri400::many times, it's cold up here
D r e w b i e::Did you sneeze?
toronto-vigilante3::I started early in the 4th....
laytonwasasocialist::i do not approve of this win
secueritae::4th pick goes to the Thunder, we only keep it if top 3 or make the play-offs
gri400::yep, 4th pick here we come
laytonwasasocialist::face it...this organization will find a way to finish 4th worst overall.
secueritae::our pick is only top 3 protected.
gri400::thats why we'll get the 4th pick
gri400::i am indifferent. 4th pick is a lock, just seeing how we get it now
toronto-vigilante3::Neither do i, but we'll take it.
pst23.41::Why does it matter what teams I like, i like certain players and follow them, im a Fan of the NBA, i dont call myself a Fan of any NBA team i just really like ones with players i like is that such a big deal?
laytonwasasocialist::it is noble sir
toronto-vigilante3::MAVS THREE POINT STEAK IS OVAH!!!!!
gri400::nice bonus i guess :)
arvinramroop::RAPTORS WIN!
skinnyyy::ACYYYYY
gri400::holy hell raps win
toronto-vigilante3::RAPS WIN!!!!!!!
haroldpurplecrayon::Go ross he is having a nice game cant wait for his minutes to increase and his dunks to be on more top 10
wnsj89::no Bargnani no problem, if Bargnani wasn't already on his way out of TO, after his remarks today there is no place for him in the lockerroom
gri400::get him out ASAP
gri400::ACY!!!!!
D r e w b i e::So is Canada getting ready to burn down the NHL building or do yall have a backup league?
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Yeah, it's in NY.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::What NHL building? The Hall of Fame?
D r e w b i e::Every business has a headquarters. The NHL is no different.
dont_hate_the_playa_hate_the_game::i guess all the dallas fans left. i would have never showed up, getting owned by the craptors. how many 3s dallas hit?
Stephen21284::Raptors fans are still booing Vince Carter. disrespecting a veteran like that!
JoeyDorsey4MVP::We like to amuse ourselves sometimes.
66detroitlions::Hope the raps can hold on to this lead
gri400::fingers crossed
arvinramroop::HAHAHAHA VERY FUNNY
D r e w b i e::Someone needs to at least hit a 3 so I can change the channel.
tnakbaseball18::Ross have any nice dunks today?
arvinramroop::Like 3?
gri400::yes he did
arvinramroop::ACY!
gri400::Acy!!!
