LunarEclipsePenumbra::I like these home unis the Spurs wore against the Thunder.
Oschooner7::only reason Thunder lost is bc westbrook was off. some bad calls (serge ibaka clean blocks that were called goaltending and a clean block on boris diaw). and i find it hard to believe that aging tim duncan can block kevin durant cleanly. (replay shows duncan hammering his forearm and elbow). soon westbrook will be unstoppable and durant will get his post game going
hookemzuniga1022::Im Catching your tears Down Hear in a bucket... Cry baby
WeAreMarquette 2.0::I wanted to also see PJ3 and Lamb play
M1ty::go spurs go!!! the west is theirs to win!!!!!!
Harden4MVP::Wish Harden was there Don't Cha?
Gods illa::This trade could possibly make us better we have to see but No lie I wish harden was still here !but obviously he wanted to be number one guy and wanted more money so basically he didn't wanna be here in OKC
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::wow im surprised spurs fans aint here talking ish!
AustinBeal::we're on to the next game, we don't dwell on the past
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::then again ur not laker fans
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::lol.. thats a change,  most of the ones im use to do!..lol..
Gods illa::Just wait till Russ turns it around and grows up y'all want be on here anywhere ! !  I have faith .. He has the god given part down now he just needs knowledge
Gods illa::Why indeed bobby it has ...  Nothing but improvements every year so history actually says we will when the finals this year .. I'll take Russ u take the field and unless u took James and co you season will be shorter than ours
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::church!
bobbydagreat::Keep the faith in Starbury, history has shown it's a great decision.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::please westbrook is not starbury 2.0.. yes he makes dumb decisions.. but granted dudes never played point until the nba.. he wasnt one in college.. so its a learning process.. he's use to being a 2 that mentallity doesnt go away he just needs to learn when to channel it and when not too..
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::you and me both.
Its_the_refs::Durant hides during crunch time. Never calls for ball. Hides on the weak side.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::i wouldnt say he hides.. he loves that moment.. but he needs to find other ways to get the ball than the weakside screen that we like to run all the time in that situation to get him the ball.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::i blame durant for the turnover on our last possesion not westbrook.
Gods illa::Co sign Rumble  It wasn't all Westbrook Durante hands were on the ball so he should get possession period !  And Westbrook is an elite scorer in the league if he takes more shots than durant sometime then so be it .. Our offense existence is basest Russ and KD gettin points points points
Its_the_refs::Exactly. He never goes and gets the ball.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::exactly. the ball was in his hands and he lets leonard pop it out.. he shouldve had a better grip on the ball.. i dont see why everyone is blaming westbrook.. omg he took more shots that KD..so what.. like that never happens.. point is we shot 39% as a team... and the game came to final possesion.. everyone needs to calm down.
Mr372::Why would ESPN choose a picture that looks like T Parker is trying to nurse T Duncan?
Pharohice1906::Because it tells the story.
bobbydagreat::"You'd still be hard pressed to find 6 PGs better"  6 better PG's than Starbury 2.0? How about Nash, Rondo, Paul, Deron WIlliams, Rubio, John Wall, Tony Parker, Jason Kidd, Jose Calderon, Mike Conley......Oh I'm sorry that's 10 already, should I continue? I mean, I haven't even mentioned Derrick Rose...
Gods illa::Only one that really hangs defensively on your list is rondo .. D will is always hurt and cp3 is really smart defender
Gods illa::And he has missed less games than all of them as well
Gods illa::So what Bobby  Turnover assist ratio does not make or break a player .. There is not one person up there better than him in every stat
Gods illa::Russ is way more consistent than most kid them too .. His motor is non stop game in game out .. And had missed less than 5 games his whole career
Gods illa::Russ plays circle around most of those dudes BUT That's your opinion
bobbydagreat::He has a worse TO to Assist ratio than every single one of them.
Its_the_refs::Rondo? Cut from team USA... for Chauncy Billups!
bobbydagreat::Still better than Starbury 2.0
Caleb Crawdad I Do Declare::Did Westbrook play terrible last night?  Yes Was he still a large (not largest, but large) part of the reason they got to the Finals last yr?  Yes Based on that, should the team start changing their lineup because some of you (who aren't NBA coaches btw) think he's not a suitable PG?  HELLLLL NO! Does he need to improve?  ABSOLUTELY, but he's still a top 5-6 PG in the league, and at LEAST a top 15 player
Gods illa::U guys are nuts !  !  Russ will click in the next 2 years listen !  If they still haven't won a ring or atleast been to game 7 of finals in 4 years then I think project Westbrook wi be over
bobbydagreat::Anyone who knows basketball, knows that Starbury isn't the PG you want on your team. He is a cancer. Sure he has talent, sure based on that and the talent of the rest of the team alone you might spend time in the playoffs, but you will never make it all the way with a guy like that.
YungdubzJR2011::I said last year they should have flipped Westbrook for Rondo and the Thunder would be better...hell I'm sure they still can.
bobbydagreat::Do you think it will ever be any different? Had they traded Starbury for a real PG and kept Harden, the Thunder would be a MUCH better team and you know it. Maybe then they could hang with the best of teams.
Caleb Crawdad I Do Declare::They did make it all the way...until they ran into THE BEST PLAYER ON THE PLANET, just as he discovered how to go super saiyin lol.
Jthizz69::He wins many games for them, but in each of OKC's last 2 playoff runs, you can point fingers directly at Westbrook for their losses. The assfuck took more shots than Durant last night even though he was 6 FOR 21. You don't pull $@%! like that when you have a 3x scoring champ on your team.
bobbydagreat::He's not a PG, you'd be hard pressed to find many players that call themselves PG's worse at being a PG.
Caleb Crawdad I Do Declare::last yr, when Westbrook took more shots than Durant, OKC was 19-6...  Do I want him taking the LAST shot? No, but typically, I don't mind him shooting.  Last night was one of those games where he tried to do too much, but it doesn't mean its the end of the season.  You'd still be hard pressed to find 6 PGs better
MWolverine999::Westbrook was absolutely terrible last night. Bad shot selection and kept forcing shots and completely lost Parker twice on defense and it eventually cost them.
aeggroll::i wouldve kept harden and got rid of westbrook that is a cancer to an offense
bobbydagreat::I liked Westbrook better when he was calling himself Starbury.
Caleb Crawdad I Do Declare::yes, a NBA Finals apperance cancer...
bobbydagreat::I think they should keep Westbrook, it'll ensure they never win a championship.
Caleb Crawdad I Do Declare::the point is their offense ran well enough to get to the finals and lose to the best player in the league, who also had a top 2 sg, and an all-star PF who suddenly discovered he could knock down clutch 3's, and Mike Miller and Shane Battier re-incarnated as the ghost of Reggie Miller and Steve Kerr.  In other words, why the hell would they change their offense because an eggroll told them to?
Jthizz69::because he had a 3-time/3-peating scoring champ in Kevin Durant on his team, as well as a supporting cast of Ibaka, Perkins, and Harden at the time
Ignorance Is Revered::Westbrick, the human turnover lowlight reel.
Ignorance Is Revered::Should have given Harden what he wanted.  One of the worst GM moves in a while.  They will rue the day.
Gods illa::Gods illa - And harden wanted 80mil ? ? Are u kiddin me ?!  He's not worth that yet  KD himself is only getting 85
Gods illa::We couldn't afford to pay harden that and keep serge and perk .. And 2 solid better than average big men especially one like ibaka are a lot harder to come by then a guard like harden ..and they way we are set up we need ibaka more than harden
ZinBayArea::To lose by only 2 on the road against a great team in their first game without Harden is actually a positive sign...
Gods illa::And harden wanted 80mil ? ? Are u kiddin me ?!  He's not worth that yet  KD himself is only getting 85
Jthizz69::ya lol, Ginobili is easily the Spurs 2nd best player. That'd be like the Thunder playing without Westbrook. Oh wait, the Thunder would've won without Westbrook last night...
bobbydagreat::To lose to that great team that was missing one of their star players is not a positive sign though.
bobbydagreat::When Kevin Martin comes off the bench and has as many assists as your starting PG, you know you have a very selfish team with a terrible PG.
ULCard_194::Spurt
goheels4888::Not trying to wear my Carolina blue tinted glasses here, but Green has been a problem for teams when he gets hot. Athletic, bombs threes... can light it up on any given night.
USTNA is a TROLL nuff said n he my puppet::Wow I just checked the box score since I didnt watch the game I was curious to see how K-Mart did and Russel Westbrook and im just wowed  lol I thought Russel went through a cold streak during the finals but now im second guessing . Russell is Russell WestBRICK 6-21 wow shouldve gotten rid of him instead of Harden
Lebrons Ring Wont Fit His Finger::tim duncan not only a great player but very cute
Ima.Bad.Man::Tim Duncan was flat out SCARY last night!
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Plenty of energy early in the season.  Pop will have to monitor his minutes, though.
Brianhau529::Will the Spurs eve be done??? It never seems they will be
Brianhau529::Lebrons Ring Wont Fit His Finger  someone get stuck with a dick up the butt this morning?
Ima.Bad.Man::Right! Coach Pop, baby!!!
Brianhau529::they win too much lol
Lebrons Ring Wont Fit His Finger::hehe like yea
rynospurs21::By trading Harden OKC gave away their 4th quarter PG. Maybe Maynor can fill that role, but not even close to the same player. Harden is the equivalent of Maynor and Martin put together, but you can only play 5 at a time.
AmuroShepard::Yeah they just didn't have the money to spend 100 million on players.
dmdpro::yea westbrook turns the ball over alot but are we going to sit here and act like durant isnt one of the nba  leaders in turnovers?..durant gets too much of a pass
samarquand2003::Kevin Durant isn't a point guard.
cubsfan33442::I'm not a fan of either team, but did anybody else see the moving screen Tim Duncan got away with on the game winning shot? Take a look if you have a chance.
Brianhau529::Anyone else see the awful defende Russell Westbrook did? He should have been there on Parker in the first place
UTSisTexas::2 W's 80 more to go.  Grind.
samarquand2003::@Gods illa:  I'm making this a separate post because you haven't seen my previous two and you keep saying Russ averaged 25 and 8 last year.  HE DIDN'T.  Take a look: http://espn.go.com/nba/player/stats/_/id/3468/russell-westbrook  He averaged 23.6ppg and 5.5apg (and 3.6 turnovers per game).  Those are pretty awful assist numbers for a PG.  He hit double figure assist totals 4 times in 66 games.  Also pretty awful.  He did not average 25 and 8.
Gods illa::Yea Russ is not yet there but that's what's so scary , he's not there yet and IMO and a lot of others think he's elite ..  And there are points in plenty of games where maynor will be in at the one and Russ the 2 ... And it works
Gods illa::We just made it to finals  We don't need to change a thing
samarquand2003::Hahaha!  I wasn't meaning to question your standing as a fan.  I have not doubt that you love your team.  Just trying to prove my point that even though Westbrook is an amazing player, he's not (yet, at least) an amazing point guard.  I just wish Brooks would let him play the position he's been playing his whole life... shooting guard!  Go out and get a proper PG and move Russ over to the wing.  I wish they'd at least try it out for a few games and see if it helps with the turnovers, the low assist totals and the dead-end offense that plague this team sometimes.  They're too good to play so badly sometimes.
Gods illa::Yea I saw it ..  I stand corrected... And I call myself a fan ..  But those are low  They will improve
SuthernDandy::I agree, Russ isn't a PG, and that's the biggest "flaw" in his game. He doesn't have the instincts to play the position. That only sounds like a criticism because the Thunder insist on playing him there. Move him to the 2, his natural position, And just let him attack, and he's one of the 5-6 best players in the league.
samarquand2003::Completely agree.  All I'm saying is that NOBODY should be calling him a "great" point guard.  Andre Miller is better at being a point guard than Russ.  Russ just doesn't have PG vision.  And he never will.  He doesn't see passes that true point guards see.  Move him to the 2 (where he played his ENTIRE life until he got to the L) and take away the keys to the offense and give them to a real PG and you improve this team immeasurably (especially if the PG is a DWill type who can set the offense and is big enough to defend 2s).
samarquand2003::And I'll say again, that I think he's a very good player.  He's just not a point guard.  OKC need a proper point guard to put next to the most dominant scorer in the world.  Russ isn't it.  Period.
UTSisTexas::OKC is wishing they had Harden now! thx for the WC Championship   ~ Spurs
EugineKrabs::No mention of Tim Duncan grabbing the defender trying to get to Parker on the last shot? Just wondering.
Brianhau529::what about Russell Westbrook, wasn't that the defender that should have been on Parker lol.
rynospurs21::watch Perkins and Ibaka. They do the same thing the whole game. You just point it out because it was the last play.
cubsfan33442::I posted the same thing above. Hadn't seen your post yet. It was pretty bad.
ryuhern75::TP for president!!!!!!
Td4mvp3::the reason why okc will never win a title is because of westbrook...as long as he continues to believe he and not durant should be the one taking more shots..including the big shots down the stretch..they will never get over the hump because durant will not demand the ball..he is just not that kind of player
Gods illa::It may have went down to Russ in the books but it was both their faults in the actual play
cabbygt::That last turnover was on Westbrook, not Durant. And Westbrook blew his defensive assignment to let Parker hit the game winner.
Gods illa::He had he ball last night with a chance for the game winner and turned it over ! !  There is no thought of who's the man ? Me or you ?  Russ touch the ball every play and KD is three time scoring champ !  They are just out their trying to help their team and get a win
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::The Spurs were always a championship organization. Out of the three Western Conference contenders, I feel like they are the only team that will beat the Heat.
Td4mvp3::agreed
Td4mvp3::good teams find ways to win and bad teams find ways to lose..not saying okc is a bad team at all but..well u get the point
cubsfan33442::Intelligent fans understand that this was one game.
Willster328::Westbrook took more shots than Durant. Shocking.
Td4mvp3::the spurs did not play well last night at all and we still find ways to win..the mark of a championship calibur team
BH-Bobby D.::The one thing I'm concerned about is that we need to get bigger at center.
Dana-White-4-Prez::According to these moronic commentors, it's going to be a Rockets vs Spurs finals and the Thunder and Lakers won't make the playoffs!
evilgom::I'm sure OKC are regretting the trade by now. LOL
Gods illa::@TD4 - harden was clutch  @samar - he still averaged 25-8  Thunder were worst in the league in assists per game as a team so it's not just Russ it's the style of ball we play .. But vision and decision making need to increase
samarquand2003::I already told you in a previous post that he didn't average 25 and 8.  He averaged 23.6 and 5.5   5.5 apg for a PG playing alongside Durant is pathetic.  He had 4 double figure assist games in 66 starts.  Also pathetic. http://espn.go.com/nba/player/stats/_/id/3468/russell-westbrook Look at his stats from last year and you will see that you are misinformed.
NguyenDragon::Harden and Durant is a much better combo... OKC traded the wrong guy... I am not complaining though since the Rockets benefited...
samarquand2003::Completely agree.  Harden's playmaking game is so much more advanced that Westbrook's.  Harden hits 12 assists in his first game for the Rockets.  You know how many times Westbrook hit that mark last year?  ZERO!!!  In 66 games.  Not one time...  He hit double figure assists 4 times last year.  Total.   http://espn.go.com/nba/player/gamelog/_/id/3468/year/2012/russell-westbrook
Td4mvp3::thye will still be great offensively but they will lose the energy off the bench and the clutchness harden gavee them
Td4mvp3::okc palyed tough but we had no ginobili...we played a lousy game offensively other than duncan...
Gods illa::Lol aye I was just making an excuse like that spurs fan ..  And no I'm not cryin bro  We are the western conference Champs  Ran by spur in playoffs after 67 games on those old legs last year  i wonder what it will be like a year and 82 games later
ddjeffries::You replaced Harden with Martin. That was OKC's choice. We didn't choose to have Manu hurt.
Td4mvp3::thank you
Gods illa::We had no harden
BH-Bobby D.::Not the same situation at all.
Td4mvp3::u cryin bro?
Td4mvp3::Imagine if ginobili would have played and we actually hit some of our 3 pointers...we woulda won by 20
Gods illa::U obviously didn't watch the game sir  We shot 37%  Worse FT% Had more turnovers  Less assists  Spurs played more efficient sir ... Especially for what the thunder usually average
Gods illa::Or if OKC would have actually played well
Td4mvp3::they played alot more efficiently then we did...and they hit their threes...
Td4mvp3::we (spurs) are the best team in the NBA hands down....no other team can compar...2013 champs...year of the spur!
jano2412::Yeah ,like last year !LMAO!!!
sec11388::no harden, no wins
Caleb Crawdad I Do Declare::I wasn't a big Westbrook fan until about midseason last yr.  I think he's got the potential to be the best PG in the game, PERIOD.  His vison isn't as good as CP3 or Deron, but he's just as quick as D-Rose, and I actually think he's a better inside scorer.  The one thing that holds him back is knowing when to turn it on, and when to get his teammates going.  If he didn't have his other abilities, I'd give up on him.  But his overall game and the fact that he wasn't even seen as a scorer until his SR yr at UCLA suggests this is something he can learn.  I'm telling you, if Magic or even Stockton decided to tutor him in the offseason, it would do wonders...
Gods illa::Well I stand corrected  Dnt knw why I thought that ... But yes it needs to IMPROVE !  But I mean we just made it to the finals and have gotten better and better every year .. It ain't about how many assists the point guard has its about wins and losses and we had best record most of the year last year and then went to finals after WCF and a first round exit
Gods illa::@samarquand - Dwill was best pg in league IMO untill Russ became elite .. Anyways Russ is more athletic and a better scorer than both d will or cp3 so of course his play style is going to be different ..  Russ averaged 25 and 8 last year !
samarquand2003::And I'll reiterate:  I'm not saying Russ isn't a fantastic player.  I'm just saying he's not a fantastic point guard.  And I stand by that statement until he proves me wrong.
samarquand2003::@Gods illa Uh.... no he didn't.  He averaged 23.5 and 5.5.  Take a look: http://espn.go.com/nba/player/stats/_/id/3468/russell-westbrook  5.5 apg playing next to the best scorer in the world is not good enough, and you know it.
NguyenDragon::Westbrook is not a PG... He is just labeled as one... OKC wont make it back to the finals with Sir Chuck-A-Lot... First option should always be Durant...
samarquand2003::Agreed.  Westbrook is good, but he should not have the keys to the offense.  His decision making isn't good enough and when in doubt he will always call his own number, even though he's playing next to the most dominant scorer of this generation.
samarquand2003::Problem with Russ is he just doesn't have PG vision.  He simply doesn't see the passes that the great PGs see.  Watch him for 40 mins and then go watch CP3 or DWILL or even someone like Andre Miller.  Russ just doesn't have the PG gene.  He's a fantastic player, but he's not a great point guard.  Doesn't mean he doesn't have the potential to be a great player, I just don't think he'll ever be a real, great PG.  I actually think Harden has better PG skills than Russ, and I don't really understand why they kept Russ  and not Harden.
samarquand2003::Especially when you're playing with Kevin Durant, the best pure scorer since Jordan... you'd think you'd want a PG with real PG skills.  I guess we'll see how this all works out.  I still like Russ better at the 2, with a real 1 running the show.
Gods illa::I agree ..  It's funny u knw Russ first 3 years or so he didnt do all the mistakes to the extent he does now .. He is going thru a transition from a young man to a grown man .. Give me time ..   And a crazy little thought, It was about  25 games into the season last year , Russ was top 5 in steals, points, assists, rebounds, blocks, FT% And he was the only guard to ever be that high in every stat  that far into the season
Durants Shimmy::Okay im here for a bit. Good game last night Spurs. You did your thing, you never quit lol. The whole game was choppy with bad calls on both sides. But, thats what you expect with an early season game. K-mart did what I wanted him to. Westbrook did his usual Westbrook self. So, life goes on lets see what happens. I am not to worried though :)
74hartman71::Dwightmare that is all for the laker talkers
vonsteve6868::Gods illa If k mart can play some D and rebound he may actually fit in better wit OKC .. He can spot up shoot in his sleep something that harden was crazy streaky at .. I mean harden is a better player but in order fa him to be elite he needs to have his hands on the ball all the time and be focal point in offense .. In OKC KD will always be batman, Russ is robin, and harden is Alfred the butler .. He needs to play bigger part in order to be elite --------------- He can't play any D or rebound. Don't even hope for it.
Gods illa::Yes I'm familiar with k marts lack of D and rebounding   But he's never played on a team this good so maybe he will excel
t-roy_jenkins::k mart sucks, he scores alot but hes not very efficient..... he'll shoot his usual 40%
NguyenDragon::He got his feelings hurt... That is what happened to him in Houston..
samarquand2003::KMART actually was one of the most efficient scorers in the L when he was playing for the Kings.  Something happened with the Rockets, and I think the main problem was he was used as a spot-up shooter rather than all-around scorer.  Seriously though, go look at his true-shooting percentage from the Kings. (It was over 60% most years, which is amazing for a 2 guard)  http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/m/martike02.html
D_Legend::The Spurs amaze me....their coach is a rock! They keep winning, and their roster never changes significantly
NguyenDragon::Every year people count them out because of age and every year they prove them wrong...
MikeGudd20::Makes me mad this game ended up being a 2 point difference when the refs had the obvious missed call on that goaltend of ibakas that was clearly a block.  In the end though this game shouldn't have been close, Westbrook played just plain awful last night.
stcraw4d::Considering the Spurs were whistled for 137 fouls and the Thunder for 127, I'd guess not that many.  Also, considering the Thunder had 151 FTA compared to the Spurs 140, again I'd guess not many.
Gods illa::That call has nothing to do wit OKCs late game mistakes and Parker's big shots
MikeGudd20::Just out of curiosity, can you tell me how many flopping calls SA got away with in the WCF last year? I can do it too.
stcraw4d::Just out of curiosity, do you not remember how many goal tending calls that OKC got away with in the WCF last year?
MikeGudd20::Did you not see the play? Anyway I'm a lot more disappointed with Russ than that.
luvnbayes::OKC shot 23 free thows, the Spurs 16.  It's laugable to think the Spurs got the calls last night.  Durant gets superstar treatment, no Spur player comes close.
MikeGudd20::It's called having a team that goes to the rim more. That's not the only thing refs can make calls on.
NOVABuffalo::really ref complaints so early?
