Road dog Red::Ahhhhhh.. The denizens of the dubious Do have dissipated to their nether lairs to sulk mope and whine..... just like him
BlindedEyes08::What  happens when the smokin' hot Pierce goes cold again and a couple others drag their lazy a $ $ e s to the arena. This changes nothing. The team still needs a major shakeup or it needs the Jeff Green who used to play in OKC to finally show up.
Road dog Red::Need a tissue
Fear the Sully::http://www.betterbasketballcoaching.com/Spread-Offense.html  This is the spread offense the Celtics will be running.  Should be fun to watch.
Fear the Sully::Celtics offense will most likely be a little more complex, but this is the basic idea.
a617guy::For Sullinger......  " 'Day to Day' " tells us basically nothing, except that he'll probably miss at least one more game. Hope those bulging d.icks aren't creeping up again."  Actual quote from the latest article ------------&gt;
nd1334::lol that's what someone said while analyzing the pick of him in the draft on live TV
Fear the Sully::lol, I read that.  Awesome typo.
Fear the Sully::Doc on playing without a classic point guard in Rondo: "We do have a system that can go either way... We're running a spread offense."  Interesting.  "spread offense" could make it tough for defenses to focus on anyone individual player.  But it will require everyone to step up.
Levis107::Not ready to give up on this season yet. Defensively the C's are better with Courtney Lee out there, and the offense was already 25th in the league with Rondo anyway. Also I factor in Rondo's attitude stuff and maybe the locker room becomes looser and helps a guy like Jet get his game going.
a617guy::and Barbossa gets in a groove, as well as Jeff Green. I was saying trade Rondo for Cousins a few weeks ago....how nice would that look right now?
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::all these guys sh$tting on rondo.... please return to last years' playoff series... ATL, Philly, Miami... we would have been swept without him....
Fear the Sully::We can beat up on the bad teams without Rondo, no doubt about it. C's were barely trying in the first half of the season anyway.   But Rondo's value is in the big games and the playoffs.  That's when we will miss him.
a617guy::Looked great against the Heat. We have their number on D with Lee and Bradley harassing Wade.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Tough news about Sullinger.
Fear the Sully::Definitely not good news.  But I doubt he will be out for any extended period of time,  maybe a game or 2.
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::demarcus cousins sucks.... looks like he has an awful attitude
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::relax guys... this team can get thru the east with or without rondo...
Alabamian666::rondo is worthless and is a terrible defender and a lock room distraction.
Alabamian666::The Celtics did it again, recreating the nineties, got old, were going to trade Rondo last season at the trade deadline, kept Garnett and Pierce way past their prime and now a good 5 to 8 years to recover.
rondo2KG::Well I for one am glad we stayed away from Rudy Gay.  The last thing we need is a big trade right now our chemistry is struggling as it is.
Alabamian666::Five or six posters said Rondo was a good defender........don't know basketball?
Alabamian666::Time to blow this team up. Garnett and Pierce need to be traded for whatever you can get.
rondo2KG::I see.  A nice troll session always does the soul good.
Alabamian666::I'm not from alabama, that name was for the hated ND program.
rondo2KG::You know your state is a joke when there isn't one professional team belonging to it.  Roll Tide indeed.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Awesome! Go CELTICS.
Celtics1634:::)
Road dog Red::I've been saying it for TWO months now.. The Rondo experiment was a failed one and NO ONE on the team was benefitting from it.  Rond, in six years, had FAILED to mature to the point where he could hit a jump shot, draw a foul, play good defense or Guarantee points on a fast break.. The last point was the most crucial. In a guards 6th year, on a 2 on 1 or 3 on 1 fast break,.. there cn be NO turnovers via a flashy pass.. points HAVE to be converted
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::Rondo is the best player on the team - and is one of the point guards that lives on this planet...  he has single-handedly won playoff games/series for the last few years based on his skill/desire to win..   don't have such a short memory... its pathetic
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::that was more doc's fault than rondo's.... don't play him so much... but to say that we won't miss him is crazy...
Levis107::The offense takes a hit no doubt, and there will be some nights where guys will step up and give you, collectively, some of Rondo's numbers but not every night. But I think the defense will be better. They held the Heat to 87 points in regulation on Sunday, they held Sacramento to 81 who aren't good anyway but it's still impressive.   You have to remember that even with Rondo the Celtics were 25th in the league on offense. Also there were rumors that Lee and Terry weren't happy on the offensive end because of how ball dominant Rondo was. If those guys can get it going offensively it would be huge.
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::i am a blind celtic lover...  not a blind rondo lover...  but also aware that rondo plays the most minutes on the team and runs the offense... he has never been a defensive hog, but is opportunistic... him and bradley never got going together which is a lethal combo... also aware that KG's minutes have dipped which is important more on the defensive end, and pierce has been offensively woeful....   wait until we hit a 3-game losing streak because the offense can't get going and you'll be clamoring for the days where rondo ran the team...
Levis107::Just like I said, the Celtics will miss his offense...but not his defense. Rondo takes over games when he notches triple doubles. When's the last time you watched a game and thought, wow, Rondo is really locking down his man? Kyrie Irving went for 40 the other day, even Isiah Thomas torched him for 27. Unless you just don't watch games and are a blind Celtics lover.
Levis107::Rondo is the most overrated defender in the NBA. Hes not a good on-ball defender and can't keep anyone in front of him. The Celtics will miss his offense but you actually upgrade on the defensive end having Courtney Lee in there. That's why the Celtics won't miss Rondo as much as everyone thinks
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::He does everything well except shoot.  He's just not a good shooter.  He has a high percentage because the only jump shots he ever takes are wide open and uncontested.  If a good shooter was given that kind of time and space he would be well over 50%.  But Rondo is a great passer, good defender, and good rebounder for his size.
Road dog Red::Stop it GUYS.. you were hypnotized. The Celts won is SPITE of having Rondo, like the fakers won in spite of having Kobe shoot all the time. Kobe is learning to pass but Rondo REFUSEs to shoot unless forced
Jimmy30313::He has improved his jumper. And has always been a good defender
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::Does anybody else think the C's might be better without Rondo?
Bammonb99::I honestly thought this as soon as he got injured, he is pretty much too selfish.
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::I think it'll make it easier for their halfcourt offense.  Defenders can't slack off of Lee/Terry/Bradley like they can with Rondo.  Makes it easier for Pierce.  But their transition offense is going to take a hit without Rondo.  Probably slightly worse defensively too even though Lee's a good defender.
Jimmy30313::Thats true, and If Bradley defends the point that is really a bonus defensively in terms of changing the entire oppositions strategy
Road dog Red::Hell YES
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::I love Rondo, but I dunno.  They seem to play well and beat good teams when he's out of the lineup.
Jimmy30313::It's possible, but I don't think so.
LetsPlayScRyB::Celtic fans are happy they beat a 17-30 team LOLOL
Jimmy30313::All the while your team is probably content with just being "relevant"
Jimmy30313::Im not happy. We are under 500. C's fans settle for nothing but titles
LetsPlayScRyB::makes sense
LetsPlayScRyB::Boston sucks
Bammonb99::Hey LetsPlayScRyb you are a loser pretty plain and simple
LetsPlayScRyB::because you wouldnt be on here
Jimmy30313::Dont care, I know they happened. I know the NBA needs this team
LetsPlayScRyB::like i said you werent alive for most of them
Jimmy30313::You cant choose when to keep score, 17 &gt; your team
Jimmy30313::17 &gt; Your team
Jimmy30313::How do you know Im not 60?
LetsPlayScRyB::and you werent alive for a majority of those sorry
nirvanarox67::Ive been following a bet system called Sportsbettingstar the past couple months now. I doubled my starting balance my first month and made almost $3000 by the end of my 2nd. You can find this system on the first page of google by searching for basketball betting systems
_I Am A Celtic_:::)
Paddywaggie::Well at least the Celts are still hanging on to 8th spot, unlike them Lakers.
Road dog Red::Toldgja ALL When i speak.. you better listen
Paul41066::Love the support dawg!!
Road dog Red::all you pundits (Tragic Johnson  Falen Rose) all you Rondoites Celtic neophytes take heed the Tics are BETTER w/o Rondo  the Cheats will be vanquished... in six games for the ECF
LetsPlayScRyB::are you playing 2K13 again?
Road dog Red::From here to eternity.... Celts to the ECF,,, easily
Road dog Red::HEY HEY,,,,,, HO HO The Celts win without RonDO like i said they would...lol
abdiraxman79::ball movement they kept it simple, barbosa can run the pick and roll with kg, or bass, if he was hitting his jumper. the c's have a tendency to get lazy when rondo is giving them easy baskets, so they just let him set everything up, sometimes putting him in a bad situation, this might be a blessing in disguise. not that losing rondo isn't terrible, but it could force some of the other players to find their game and establish an offensive identity.
manimarf09::not hard to see. i wondered the same about it being a blessing in disguise right after the injury, but no one really agree me.
Kobelies247::LOOK! A team the celts can actually beat! HAHAHAHA  Losers
StevenDanger194::Like the heat?
jttomaiko::"The new season starts now and the Celtics season is over!" -Lakers fans 4 days ago
paulleena12::Hi
Celticsarebackyougreekweirdos::BREAKING NEWS!!!! C's in the works for a deal with memphis that would send Zach Randolph to Boston in Exchange for Avery Bradley, Brandon Bass, Collins and a 2013 first round pic
Ryd3rr::Sh.it I remember my first beer! Would be the dumbest trade ever, and there has been some dumb ones today!
That_Dude_Dre::That would be dumb on Boston,Glad it ain't true
Cappiethedog::So how does Bradley look running the point? Do the Celtics need to bring somebody in?
GodofAcid::Who exactly are they going to bring in that will be a reasonable fill-in for Rondo?
Celticsarebackyougreekweirdos::The Celtics will beat you, deplete you, and eat you
BostonHerald::Can i get sum deer antler spray for Rondo  maybe itll help him develop a jumpshot
Roll to 15::Celtics should not trade Pierce or KG this is the reason why. 1. nobody to trade to who would they trade KG to? lakers from Celtic to laker? no don't think so and the only player Celtics could trade Pierce for is Rudy Gay he just got traded. 2.  hurt Chemistry, Rondo has been with Pierce and KG like is whole Career. 3. mid-season trades if you are going to make a trade like this make it in the off-season a team has to have time to get used to new players.  okay, guys this is why I say boston should not trade Pierce or KG but if they do make a trade make a small one but nothing big.
Roll to 15::guys, sorry I have not commented in a while like you would of like me to anyway but it said like Processing login please wait for like a whole day.
JWB-1979::"Sullinger left with back spasms after 4 minutes of play and didn't return"  Has anyone heard if they expect him out for an extended period of time or is this something minor?
Roll to 15::hey guys!
sand4850::Nice win Celtics. Too bad your season is already over...HAHAHAHA
mykal151::sounds like the seasons just beginning.the new look run and gun Celtics.
jttomaiko::8th seed and season's over...?
BostonHerald::slam bam thank you punks
BostonHerald::And the beat goes on, the beat goes on The CELTICS keep pounding a rhythm to the brain La de da de DEE, la de da de DAH
_I Am A Celtic_:::)
Lalau88::Fellas, I got a fever... and the only prescription is more Jimmer!
Topher78110::Its all about the Lillard!
Lalau88::In all seriousness, though, I am a big Jimmer fan but recognize his need for improvement in several areas. That being said, I don't think he will even come close to reaching his full potential (which I believe could be a decent starting PG) with this team or this coach.
BostonHerald::Drums keep pounding a rhythm to the brain La de da de DEE, la de da de DAH
BostonHerald::This going to be so FUN.. the Celtics waxing butts.. and people hating
2524thomas::lol......22-23..wax that skippy
Ravens5413::BYE CELTIC FANS!
BostonHerald::ciao
Ravens5413::celtics are going to do the same thing as the bulls but better
BostonHerald::the Bulls miss Rose.. the Celt won't miss Rondo
I really really miss Rondo::wtf?
Ravens5413::because rose tore his acl so did rondo
BostonHerald::BAM
BostonHerald::ITS SO QUIET HERE YOU CAN HEAR A MOUSE PISSS IN A COTTON BALL
BostonHerald::I AM AMAZING
