Madden Lee::Go Warriors!
Dennis R Vass::Let's make it 9 in a row, go Dubs!
Steven Messina::pathetic how bad GS bench is besides Barnes. D league players are better than Douglas, Bazelmore, Speights and whoever the rest of the chumps are. GS lead goes from 25 to 13 in a matter of minutes. They desperately need a back up PG, Douglas wretched
Peter Peterr::Draymond Green is pretty good, not stat wise but impact.  He comes in defends the best 2s or 3s and just a hustle energy guy that doesn't play for stats and help a team win.
Peter Peterr::but yeah Warriors bench overall is garbage.
Harold Nations::when one points to Green as a "pretty good" bench player, you know the bench is awful.  green wouldn't be a rotation player for most teams in the west.
Peter Peterr::lol...Warriors bench comes in, lead goes down. smh...warriors need some bench help. Warriors with their top 7 players are dangerous!
Darryl McMillon::Yep, Warriors have top scoring starting 5 in NBA, prolly top 6 including HBarnes (he is around 10-12 PPG). What a good position to be in to play your bench and if they hold 20pt lead - great. If they lose 20pt lead down to single digits replace the starters, get back to 20+ lead and try again. Yes, Douglas has got to go but the starting 7 (incl HBarnes and DGreen) are top notch. Green is our glue guy - stats be dammed.
Peter Peterr::Darryl McMillon Love Draymond's toughness, energy and defense....oh and he can really rebound for a 6ft6 player, great hands. Hopefully his ankle will be ok.
Rick Medina::What do Warriors give up to get bench help. Preferably a pony guard/2 combo who can handle the ball.  Bazemore's turn overs are outrageous for an NBA player.  I like his enthusiasm but I think Mark Jackson and Joe Lacob have seen enough.
Eddie Sneeh::Story of the GSW's: starters build a lead, bench comes in and loses the lead, starters come back and regain the lead.... repeat...
Eddie Sneeh::Mark Jackson's dilemma: Up by 20 with 3 minutes left, can I trust my bench to be no worse than -19?!     I think he needs to mix in the bench players with the starters throughout the game to rest his starters (like he does with Green).  4-5 bench players on the floor at the same time is a disaster.   This bench can't beat a top-25 college team.  They desperately need a backup for Curry.  He's going to be completely worn out by the end of the season.
Martín Polanco::I think Mo Williams would've been a perfect backup for Curry but Portland beat us on that one.
Eddie Sneeh::Jack and Landry were so critical to the W's success last year.   It was so critical to resign Jack or get someone like Williams as you said.  Any injury to one of the starters (especially Curry) and a deep run into the playoffs or even making the playoffs is in serious jeopardy.
Devon Mortensen::There was no way they could have resigned Jack and gotten Iguodala. There just wasn't enough cap space.
Eddie Sneeh::The bench is in for the GSW's, so this game will go down to the wire...
Steve J Nissenson::A chance for a piece of first place in the division, lets go Dubs!!!
Makavelli Cruz::Warriors win with d fence 110 85
Nich Obert::Is it crazy to think this 3rd quarter could get Randy Wittman fired?  If so, blessing in disguise for Wiz. The guy doesn't seem to like 3 pointers. Unacceptable for the team with the 4th best 3pt%   He's the worst coach in NBA history who has coached 200 games or more, his record is atrocious.  John Wall asking for Randy to stay made senses at the time.. There was a burgeoning chemistry and whatnot,. Then last year they had the 2nd best defense and 2nd best 3pt shooting after Wall returned..  But they are rarely looking as good as their record even, even in a lot of their wins. They need a new coach, even though it will be an interim guy.  Hire a real coach. You don't want to waste Wall and Beal's primes with this clown.
Eric Jvon Thomas::Why hasn't he played gortat , he is the worst coach ever I agree
Zach Batizy::Wittman is so bad. Why do we keep him when George Karl and Lionel Hollins are available?
Chris Smith::The problem is that they would need to want to come coach the wizards..
Rob Soldo::I'm a rocket fan but these dubs are going to be a major threat if injuries stay away.  Great to watch this side props go to Jackson and Warrior staff.
Rick Medina::Bench is the weal link right now.  Curious to see how things play out for the final two games of the road trip as the starters have put up big minutes.  The warriors +/- difference is startling when Bogut is out.  I expect to see less of Bogut at the end of the road trip.  Wins right now are less important than his health.  Look at Clippers without Paul right now.
Lukha Qangule::Hard to say who will win. Wizards want it more but GSDubb have been playin  so confident lately it's like they're a championship type team.
Steven Nunez::Warriors are 18-6 with Iguodala healthy and were 5-7 when he was hurt. Numbers don't lie.
Ryan Zamora::18-3 for when all of the starting 5 (bogut, lee, iguodala, klay, curry) are playing.
Mike Tran::#FullSquad
MiQuel Carniel::Thank Golden State Coach pls
Tony Hartmann::GS is on fire!
Zach Batizy::GG Warriors
John Osaki Jr.::Could this be a season for the Warriors like in 1975! Could Steven Curry become the next great Golden State Superstar since Chris Mullin and Rick Barry! Check out both Mullin and Barry in the new book of basketball, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Zach Batizy::Bradley Beal will be a solid player in the future, but for now he has lost us the last three games with his poor shot taking decisions. Webster and Otto Porter might not be the scorer Beal is, but he at least they make good decisions. They should be getting Beals minutes and Beal should be on the bench.
Brandon Milligan::I don't understand how the Wizards can be so lazy. Nene with two TERRIBLE passes, Ariza, Beal, and Webster haven't been able to shoot the past three games...have to take advantage of games when the other team's star struggles.
Eric Jvon Thomas::We need a better coach
Brandon Milligan::Wizards need another player that can create their own shot. When the shot isn't falling for Webster, Ariza, and Beal, they suck. Wall can create, but he can't be the only player on the team able to.
Justin Taslak::Curry's a great offensive player but every single time he plays a good PG he gets outplayed, and I'm not talking just the superstars. He and No D Lee are defensive black holes
Joshua Mills::He has a problem against the speedy point gaurds in the league.
Wayne Polk::Every single time??? Cam you back that up?  Cuz I disagree....
Darryl McMillon::Are you kidding me? warriors build a 25 pt lead with starters on a 30-5 run to open the third and you complain about Curry and DLee? Pathetic
Frank Kim::Fraid to watch, Zards will prob play up to the Warriors, or the Dubs will play down to the Wiz, this can easily be our third straight loss, all at home, can't lose 3 in a row at home, please!
Frank Kim::Gonna be 3 in a row at home, something is wrong, there needs to be a change, and the obvious one is to fire Whitt, Ted says playoffs or bust, but this isn't good enough.
Devin Allen::I have Wall, Ariza, and Nene in my starting five on my fantasy team. I need major production from them tonight.
Henry Pletcher::Then your team sucks
Chris Smith::Wizards can't seem to get up after halftime recently.. probably the coaches fault right?
