knight_rider_1984::Get up off your complaining butts and go to the games Memphis!!
bamberg1977::Do Kings fans still think Jimmer is the 2nd coming?
Rhubarbjackson::Loser
acloud147::Kings need to Cousins some help on the court!
faargsob::Well said.
GoTigers2015::As far as attendance goes, the Grizzlies are a winning team and are averaging I think 16,500 a game in a building that holds 18k +, to help with the economic issues that the organization is facing, it'd be nice to fill up the forum night in and night out, even if it's against the Wizards. I was at the game tonight, nice to see Marc put a good game together, but Tony was fantastic tonight
El_Chupa_Nibre::Call me when they're the Supersonics and I'll go
Johnboy316::I didn't see this game and I am glad. For all the money these people make you would think they could do a little better than this.
JG_Hootie785ROCKCHALK::They need to start giving T-Rob more minutes im sure its frustrating for em that he's only getting 13-10 minutes a game smh how is he supposed to develop with that? And its not like he's playing behing a beast at the 4 either dude put up the same stats as T-Rob tonight but played more minutes. . Coach Smart should be fired bc he doesn't know how to utilize his personnel bc they have talent but it seems like he allows his players to play for stats rather than playing team basketball getting everyone involved so they could be a better team and get some W's. . Its pretty pathetic to not be doing anything with this much talent. .
knight_rider_1984::Okay Grizznation only a few hundred seats left for the game monday....Lets go!
rrcat23::Coach Smart SUCKS. I wish the Kings players the best. It's not any of your fault for losing this game tonight.   Whether the team stays in Sacramento or goes to Seattle, remember you will not have this coach anymore. Be positive and stay focused. Good luck against the Bobcats.
knight_rider_1984::Memphis is steady climbing in NBA  attendance
knight_rider_1984::Grindhouse2413 I think it was the fact that we played the Kings and 16,000 is still good but we can do better.
Grindhouse2413::youre right, it could be worse
Grindhouse2413::just slightly under 16,000 fans in attendance? hmm, I was there and it did seem light in the Forum but as the game continued it filled up....maybe it was our poor performance lately or a struggling Kings team in town...hope its packed for the game on Monday. Come on Memphians, come out and support our team.
Grindhouse2413::Was it pretty? Heck NO but we needed that W. TA played very well but I cringe and yell his name if he pulls up anywhere outside the paint. Nice game for Gasol showing some unusual aggression. Wow Hollins seems to hate our bench. He rides the shi.t out of our starters. Hope we have energy for the Bulls. They seem to play a lot like us. We won the slug fest last time, good luck Grizzlies. Sorry Kings.
steve5929::It amazes me we have all these basketball experts and yet you all keep bashing Jimmer. He did not lose the game, nor did any ONE individual. It takes a team to lose a game and thats all that happened. Look, DMC got 22 pts and 15 rebounds. That's what he does every night. The rest of the TEAM left it in Sacramento.It's a road game and they have only won 3-18, they will get better. Just not tonight.
Broncos 2013 Playoff Choke::Wow...Only 47 points entering the 4th.
colaroaster::jimmer belongs on the bench
MrInvictus::I hope yall realize the only reason anybody is giving Fredette a hard time is because yall gave Smart a hard time about putting him in.  Face it, your GM has put together a poor team, full of guards!  Fredette is a 6'2 SG listed as a point cuz he can't guard anybody else and he doesn't have PG vision (1.5/1 ast/turnover ratio)  He's good spark off the bench to score buckets... that's it.  If you start a 6'2 scorer at PG u must be expecting him to be a young Allen Iverson if you think that's how u'll win.
Rhubarbjackson::^ r e t a r d
JonathanGeorgeRD::he makes a point and all you can answer with is a childish insult, nice...
Sh4k4zulu::I use to be a sonics fan long ago in mid 90's
celebrate good times come on::saying 1 player did bad when ur entire team lost by 16 is foolish
johnbyu12::Great point!
JoJo_Zwann2269::The game is afoot:  http://tinyurl.com/free-nba-challenge4
Everyday im Shufflin 290::GG Kings
ViPZE.com::Thank God for a supporting cast...Rudy Gay got owned tonight!!!
MrInvictus::Owned???? not his best game, but he's NEVER our primary offense, lol.  By who tho?
pedrobear1::not sure where this came from
pedrobear1::?
pedrobear1::Lol kings fans your jimmer fanatics are crazy lol
russwilsonislegit::fredette played like crap... no doubt....  but he was thrown into the fire after sitting for 2 hours... thats a fact... i still expected him to hit open shots, and im disappointed that he didn't
russwilsonislegit::nope just not gonna let u make one game over take a season... dont be that guy that tries to make this something its not
stephenson1mattbyu::They are only trying to defend a good guy getting screwed over. Sorry but I find people that troll random sports threads every day to try and get a stir out of someone a lot more crazy
russwilsonislegit::well put my man
pedrobear1::Jimmer 0-4 3 to's
johnbyu12::Did you see the last comment, Twinkie? His plus minus best on the team! Hmmm!
russwilsonislegit::plus minus at 0 is the best on the team u know that right
johnbyu12::They are working great! And that was another tremendous comeback by Twinkie boy!
johnbyu12::Numbskull? Wow! You really burned me!  You still haven't answered my question! You big cheese whiz!
sponsoredbytwinkie::oh wow.. wow.. I.. wow dude hope those shock treatments work out brotha
johnbyu12::Again, why are you only focussing on Jimmer?
sponsoredbytwinkie::pedro's original comment was about Jimmer you numbskull.. that's what I'm posting on
russwilsonislegit::all he did was miss 3 WIDE open shots from where he had dead tail going on.... funny smart has a rule that if u dont play in the first u dont play....  he says its not fair to the player to send him out cold... who is however totally ok with breaking this rule for and being unfair to.... u guessed it... the pasty one
Jim7419::Smart and the king players are BIG racists!
johnbyu12::Did the rest catch the same cold? Why do you focus on Jimmer?
MrInvictus::He's probably talking about Jimmer's bad game, cuz yall pulled out evrything including racism as the reason why Smart isn't letting him win games for yall.  Obviously, it's not just the black guys who suck, lol
sponsoredbytwinkie::you said look at what the rest did.. what does that have to do with Jimmer? Did they somehow make him turn the ball over or did they Voodoo his shots?
ColeGumbo::correction* sonics
russwilsonislegit::and still the kings were plus 3 with him on the floor in a game they lost by double figures... he's a winner
tmscherbel::Here look at this link.  http://www.nba.com/statistics/plusminus/plusminus_sort.jsp?pcomb=1&amp;season=22012&amp;split=9&amp;team=Kings
tmscherbel::His +/- is worse than that for the year, but are you kidding me? Everyone on the Kings has negatives... They are losing practically every game.
sponsoredbytwinkie::his +- on the year is 0.. look it up
johnbyu12::Look at what everyone else did, moron!
russwilsonislegit::not that they made fredette shoot bad
russwilsonislegit::i think he's saying every one else also played crappy smart guy
sponsoredbytwinkie::since when does what other players are doing make him miss shots? did he catch a shooting cold?
russwilsonislegit::as bad as fredette played the kings were +3 while he was on the floor
johnbyu12::All other players were -
russwilsonislegit::im not begging for ok's... just so u know.. just alerting other fredette fans
celebrate good times come on::ok
ChargersFan4Life001::im gonna go, GG again Grizz fans and GL the rest of the year. go kings
russwilsonislegit::later
emthomasjr::Ugly but I'll take it.
celebrate good times come on::uh?  ok...
itsatrap123::Later Grizzlies fans: good game and congrats. Wish the Kings could have played better but oh well, it happens. Let's hope they "rebound" from this one a lot better tomorrow-I love dual meanings.
Everyday im Shufflin 290::Kings will play the Bobcats on Saturday Night
itsatrap123::Oh man...I hope this one is nationally broadcast :-P
ChargersFan4Life001::gn trap, see ya later
TecmoTrojan::Jimmer single handedly lost this game.
bryanwales::Would not have mattered if he shot 100%, the result would still be same.  Loss for the team and marginal playing time next game for Jimmer.
Markiemormon::He did nothing to help win it either.
johnbyu12::The Kings were in the positive while he was on the floor. No other player can say that! You are an idiot!
TecmoTrojan::LOL
russwilsonislegit::yet the team was +3 with him on the court
celebrate good times come on::or the kings as a collection of losers lost the game  is cousins gonna be suspended tomorrow?
itsatrap123::Good. That means he'll get more playing time tomorrow...Smart logic.
russwilsonislegit::lmao. at four little idiots
itsatrap123::I took it as sarcasm. I think that's what he was getting at.  Edit: my bad I think he was being serious lol
stephenson1mattbyu::funny kid
Hope I Helped::What do me and the Kings have in common?  Both are going to finish the night with 69.
russwilsonislegit::go on boy
Everyday im Shufflin 290::Love Tony Allen interviews
russwilsonislegit::damn i love tony allen... "what u just said" lol he is awesome
russwilsonislegit::thats why i try to listen to the best music of all time lm bo
AKsparky907::Excellent defense grizz. Not too often a team doesn't score at least 70.
pedrobear1::Defense isn't the grizzlies problem
celebrate good times come on::dont worry its only the kings
Caps All Day.::Question for Kings fans here: If the team does indeed move to Seattle, will you still cheer for theM?
ChargersFan4Life001::i will
pedrobear1::Tony Allen player of the game
itsatrap123::Salt to the wound. On the other hand I enjoyed Conley when he was at Ohio State...everybody overlooked him in favor of Oden (how'd that work out?).
russwilsonislegit::isiah king of garbage time
TrueNum1AllStar::He's just padding stats . . .
Caps All Day.::Cousins is a beast. Find someone good to play with him. Shabazz Muhammad perhaps?
MrInvictus::Wow Tony Allen's efficiency is +15.  12pts 8reb  1st 3blk and most importantly 6 ast and only 1 turnover.  Good job 2nite T.A.
pedrobear1::33333333
Norris Coles Flattop::Wait I thought Jimmer was good?
stephenson1mattbyu::I didn't mean the team was winning but when he was in the game the Kings scored more than the Grizzlies. I'll be the first to admit he didn't have a bad game but when he is in the game they still play better wether he is having a good night or not because he is a smart player and knows where to be on the floor allowing Cousins to have room in the post and space for Tyreke and others to penetrate
bryanwales::Someone going 0-5 in 12 minutes of playing time is hardly worthy of criticism, anymore than someone going 4-5 in 12 minutes is worthy of praise.
Markiemormon::You been listening to his stalkers.
russwilsonislegit::not one game where his coach throws him in late 3rd quarter
russwilsonislegit::go look at his season ave
johnbyu12::The Kings were in the positive while he was on the floor.  Only player that can say that.
stephenson1mattbyu::Team was winning when he was in the game, but good try. Missed some good shots while he was in the game but he didn't hurt the team
pedrobear1::Kings were never winning
BiG_M0::can they break 70?
sponsoredbytwinkie::Keep hyping Jimmer here while I go make fun of Ricky Rubio for a while
russwilsonislegit::jimmers numbers hypes himself on the season.. this is one bad performance..
Markiemormon::Finally.. a sensible fan.
sponsoredbytwinkie::your percentages don't mean anything in that small sample size homie.. you don't get to just plus-size his numbers to Per 36.. his +- is a 0, so he is giving up just as much as he is contributing.. can't play point, can't play shooting
ChargersFan4Life001::GL the rest of the year
ChargersFan4Life001::GG Grizz fans
JustDza::Yea the game was still winnable...we'll just put DMC on the bench
Markiemormon::Way to go white bread, a dead man could do a better job.  I knew the last two games were flukes.
russwilsonislegit::what is fluky, is his gutter trash piece of coach, throwing him in for the sec consecutive game late 3rd quarter....
russwilsonislegit::3rd in three point %.... 1st in ft %.... #12 in points per min.... these are season ave moron.... flukester he is not
itsatrap123::Yes that makes so much sense. Of three games he has one bad game. Therefore the one bad game is the indicator...smh.
yorke44::just ignore this troll the only reason he made a profile was 2 bash jimmer but where is he most games when jimmer produces in limited mins?
newthansen2303::Moron
itsatrap123::Chargers: did you see the end of the Celtics/Bulls game?
pedrobear1::Player of the game: TA
EbbNFlow88::When Outlaw is in the game, the fate of the game is decided.
BiG_M0::its a wrap
russwilsonislegit::i thought of u when i saw it
itsatrap123::That should be my new name.
