DerekJeter212::#FreeJimmer
Ivanov21::Greivis Vasquez and Nik Vucevic are the most improved players this season imo.Think they will get a lot of attention in the off-season.
Sbml777::crazy how rivers still get minutes
SFEST13::Vasquez is so solid at dishing dimes. If he keeps on playing well he will start to get some serious recognition around the league
Only real fans stick with bad teams::He's def getting it from me. When I first saw him w Memphis I thought he was horrible. Now I'm starting to think he plays a lot like Nash. Very high bball IQ and on his way to being an all-star.
kyfan2176::my only beef with the hornets coach is miller never gets to play and if he does most of the time its like once a wk but sucky rivers is out there 20min again. Man let Miller get in there also cant learn from the bench.
creeddude96@gmail.com::Rivers gets time because he has star potential. Miller has already reached his ceiling. He might not be on the team next year. He was picked 45th, rivers was picked 10th. Darius Miller is not part of the future.
dog_has_fleas::how do you say a guy that is like 2 years older than Rivers that he has hit his ceiling but Rivers will improve?
irishpitts::rivers didnt play too bad today
minifarmgirl12::minifarmgirl12 110-97 NO 1 fan likes this. 3 Hours Ago
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Wow not bad
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Seriously Evans had atleast 5 lay-ups that didn't even hit the rim today.
Eric Forman.::Sorry I missed this one...sounded like a real nail-biter.
Eric Forman.::So in other words just another day for the Kings :(
Eric Forman.::Gotta find the positives :-D I like the way you think!
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Bingo! lol Only reason we lost by just 15, is becuz somehow Salmons hit 5 3's in the 3rd qtr and Evans hit 2 in the 4th after going 2 for 13 before that.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Ya u missed nothing. Evans looked like the worst player in the NBA today. Smart didn't play any of the new players until PPat w about 2 mins left in the 4th.
Urtimus::Jimmer sucks!
STUPID IN MADDEN::Hope you guys get an arena deal done. We don't want your terrible team.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::????? The arena deals BEEN done. The Maloofs backed out of it last year, then tried to blame it on Kevin Johnson.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Thanks. I don't get why everyone hates bandwagon fans, but then constantly clown on people that like bad teams...it makes no sense. I could just as easily announce to the world that I like the Heat too, but I will stick w my team until the end no matter what....now if they move to Seattle.....that's another story lol.
mpascal333::Your username speaks the truth
davidonmi::I want it
Chargersfan4life004::Well I'm out, gn to everybody here.
hotstreak778::lol, did someone flag my comment.   sorry if i hurt your delicate sensibilities
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Not I. Is there a way to tell if sum1 flagged u?
Chargersfan4life004::junoNCAL lol @cavs thinking they have a chance ----------------  stupid heat fan
Only real fans stick with bad teams::LOL at smart saying he's still trying to figure out who the best players are on this team. 57 games not enough for u "coach"......unbelievable.
hotstreak778::a big fu to john salmons for not missing at least 1 3.  if he did i would have won my bet.  nj showoff
Chargersfan4life004::he did miss a 3
Chargersfan4life004::lol
hotstreak778::well he could have missed another 1 :D.   also ryan anderson had to shoot 5/6 in the 4th qtr and isaiah thomhas had to go 4/5.    just wow..................   main thing is all 3 players had to be nearly perfect
Chargersfan4life004::Salmons made 6 3's but of course evans was in and missing layup after layup instead of shooting 3's
ULOSE4SURE::FK SAC
GeauxSaints53::gg SAC
Chargersfan4life004::gg
EL_ABALLARDE::Toney Douglas was about to check in but Smart called hm back to the bench. There's 58.9 ***** left in the game.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL at coach smart ....the worst ever.
Chargersfan4life004::GG Hornets fans, GL the rest of the year
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Good game Pelicans.
hotstreak778::unfucking real..  tyreke eveans. had to hit a 3 instead of a 2.  and ryan anderson had to pour on the scoring in the last 5 minutes even though they had the game in hand.   sob.............lose by 1 pt
Chargersfan4life004::mr jason jones would be a better coach than smart
ensign.devyn::You would
Chargersfan4life004::mike brown would
junoNCAL::i feel for Patrick Peterson and Toney Douglas. they are def miserable right now.  From winning on a team full of chemistry in Houston,  To a team with ZERO chemistry and going nowhere in the next 3 years minimum
colaroaster::dmc don't want to play no more for saco
Chargersfan4life004::lol PP is coming in for garbage time
RapCity421::Whybon earth do u take out hot shooting Salmons and go with ice cold Evans? Smart needs to go!
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Welcome to the nightmare that are the Kings this year......brought to u by the Maloofs.
Chargersfan4life004::-kings fans all year long
Chargersfan4life004::lol of course evans makes a 3 but cant make a layup
Chargersfan4life004::How many misses within 5ft of the hoop have the kings missed? I would say at least 15
Only real fans stick with bad teams::12 of those from Evans alone.
Chargersfan4life004::yep
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Did the Maloofs forget to tell Smart we've got some new players on the team???????? WTF "Smart"
SdotPaul504::Whats worst? Lin fans or Jimmer fans?
razzledazzletj81::Jimmer fans are in hibernation just waiting for him to get a legit shot.
razzledazzletj81::I'm neither Asian or Mormom and I love them both. Keith Smart is another story.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Lin fans act like he's their GOD. A lot of them think he's the best player in the NBA and that's no exaggeration.
SdotPaul504::At least Jimmer fans just wanna see him play. Lin fans think lin is good
ensign.devyn::Lin fans, because they're Asian so their English is awful and they post some of the dumbest stuff. Jimmer fanboys are pretty annoying too, but there aren't a lot anymore it seems, and there were never near as many as the Lin fans
junoNCAL::Jimmer fans
GeauxSaints53::McD's fries for everyone!
23germany::on the bright side: suckramento will have at least another decade of lottery picks to blow on bad white PG's
Chargersfan4life004::that should do it
junoNCAL::BYU white boys continue to have faith in Jimmer lol
SdotPaul504::Free Friessssss
RapCity421::Lmao at Evans! Omg
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Evans looks like the worst player in the league tonight.
Jim7419::He always does. He's a ball hog!
Chargersfan4life004::why is he in?
Chargersfan4life004::I hope Evans got taken out for salmons, looks like he is still in smh smart
FunkyMcJJ21::evans isn't any good.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::He's a great player, but I think he's given up. Playing for "coach" "smart" I can't say that I really blame him.
Chargersfan4life004::Evans stop shooting damn
Chargersfan4life004::of course
Chargersfan4life004::damn the cavs up 1 at miami
junoNCAL::don't worry, one day you guys will be able to win in Miami.  GSW 97 MIA 95 December 12, 2012
ensign.devyn::I'm a (realistic) Jimmer fan, so I follow the Kings a little. Thanks for the advice though, care to point me to some, as I'm sure your trolling self has plenty of "pussy" at your disposal
junoNCAL::WOW this no-life clown is here too!!! wtf man u shud rly get some pusssyyyy
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Hey I'm glad a team from NorCal beat them....I like it when the Warriors r good.
Chargersfan4life004::that was a nice win
ensign.devyn::Best day of Juno's life, apparently.
FrozeMyBlood::Purely for fantasy purposes, can a Sacramento fan tell me why Evans is playing like a bum? I never actually watch him play.
FrozeMyBlood::whatever he doing, he is pissing me off. playoffs start in a few weeks.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Chucks up lots of 3 but never makes any of them. Also drives to the basket, and tries to score no matter what, even if all 5 guys are trying to block his shot.
Chargersfan4life004::He's missed like half a dozen layups today
hotstreak778::is this an all star game or something?  no team can miss..   wtf
steve_cronin61::Sacramento is incapable of winning basketball games
Chargersfan4life004::close road games usually not
razzledazzletj81::Who gets excited when they see DMC jack it up from outside the foul line?
junoNCAL::i wanted to check if ppl were actually watching this game.  it's nice to see at least 5 people in USA are paying attention
Only real fans stick with bad teams::GO HEAT!!!!!!!
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Yes believe it or not there are fans out there that don't jump on the bandwagon every year.
junoNCAL::idk i knew this chargers clown will be here
Only real fans stick with bad teams::So then it makes no sense why u would be trolling this board??
Chargersfan4life004::He was a heat fan last year
junoNCAL::im talking about when my warriors were bad idiot  im a die-hard GSW fan
Only real fans stick with bad teams::OK....so who do u like now?? LOL
junoNCAL::im respecting you guys. i was a Warrior fan from 2008-2012     trust me i know
Chargersfan4life004::go away troll
junoNCAL::lol this fool
Chargersfan4life004::I didnt think I would say this but let salmons shoot
