Mehtab Bains::Andre Iguodola is the warriors MVP.  Most underrated and unselfish player in the NBA.  Warriors are 19-3 when he is in the lineup. Deserves to be an all star this season.
Jeff Mayo::Cmon man, dont try to manipulate the all star voters using silly team stats such as wins.
Daniel McKenzie H-Berg::Jeff Mayo he's making a completely legit and true statement not spamming for votes lol, team? iigy has two buzzer beaters this year just himself and obviously makes the team better when he's on the floor thus the discount price of 48 freaking Million we paid him ...dudes a team player doesn't crave being the star plays hard and that's why we win more games when he's on the floor...nothing wrong with saying he deserves to be an all star
Joe Edwards::I think the state of Wisconsin has had quite enough of Bay Area sports.
Kemala Martin::They ain't getting past the panthers
Steve J Nissenson::Kemala Martin That's why they are favorites, cuz they have no chance.  They lost by a singe point the first time around without there 2 best receivers and Aldon Smith.  It should be a good game.
Peter Peterr::Kemala Martin 49ers going to beat the panthers
Adam Johnson::ten in a row!!! go dubs
Evan Hollnagel::As a Bucks fan it's nice to see Bogut healthy and showing signs of his former self, before the nasty injuring, too bad he isn't on a half course offense such as the Bulls, or the Spurs... Anyhow great loss, one game closer to that top pick
Evan Hollnagel::injury*
Martin Thomas::The Warrior's should be wiping their feet clean on this door mat!  Dubs,  This is not the time to let down on momentum!
Makavelli Cruz::It might be a close game warriors win by 20
Raymond August Greppi::keep the pedal to the floor Dubs...you are #3 in the power rankings for a reason
Kemala Martin::#2 in CBS and sports illustrated
Brendyn Scott::Love watching both Clay and Curry shoot the ball but Mark Jackson is just an idiot for saying that John Stockton was not a great shooter. Just a stat for everyone who agrees with him, Stockton has a true shooting percentage of .546 over 19 seasons. Clay and Steph respectively have a true shooting percentage of .523 and .546 over 3 and 5 seasons. Yes, I would say Stockton was a GREAT/efficient shooter. Jackson is just mad that he was backing up Stockton.
Wayne Polk::When did he say that?  I've never seen or heard anything about this.
Kemala Martin::I googled it and nothing came up, can you come up with the link to that article because I think you were just rambling for no reason
Ryan Lewis::Jackson saying that Curry and Klay(with a K) is the best shooting backcourt of all-time is in no way a shot or even a comment about stockton's shooting.  Looks like you just wanted to impress with a stat.
Rick Medina::Bench needs to step up.  There type of turn overs that Bazemore is committing are wearing out his welcome in a hurry.  Toney Douglas has been hurt but he needs to pick it up as well.  While I would hate to see either Klay or Harrison leave, not sure what else the Warriors could do to pick up some help at the trade deadline.  I don't think you will see a team not asking for some of the Warriors young taken in a trade scenario.
Dennis R Vass::Don't need bench in playoffs. Cannot trade Barnes or Thompson. If you can get somebody for nothin then do it. I agree Bazemore and Douglas very disappointing....but can't move em.
Kemala Martin::Who do you think they're trading for?? Andre miller is the perfect fit andyou don't need to give up much to get him
Omar Mir::Kemala Martin Problem is there is nothing to give. All of our starters plus Harrison Barnes are off limits, and the rest of the bench players aside from Draymond and Speights at times have been effective. All our picks are gone from previous trades, I'd just hope that Denver waives him or something.
Peter Peterr::For once, the GSW bench is playing well so far for the 1st time this season lol
Jeff Mayo::They played well against miami. But yea, they've been pretty much garbage this whole season.
Josh Sweat::David Lee continues to be our best player!
Peter Peterr::On this road trip David Lee has been the best and most consistent player for the Warriors.
Makavelli Cruz::Bogut score 25 & 16 boards
Kemala Martin::Wouldn't dat be nice
Daniel McKenzie H-Berg::10 straight baby! looking like the Best in the West from where Im' siitin...C'mon Blazers losing at home to philly? cp3less clips going are going down slow, spurs age inbetwenn halfs and the thunder need KD to score 50 to win a game... I think were gonna keep climbing stick in the top 1 to 3 spots for the rest of the season if health permits
No Names James::I would have love to see if Seth could have done something off the bench for this team
Daniel McKenzie H-Berg::he has a better chance getting time in memphis
No Names James::Daniel McKenzie H-Berg I saw that he was cut from memphis.. and may become a free agent again.
Steve Broome::Keep it up Dubs. Great to have two of my favorite players on my team.
Shoot Jung::Warriors win!
Makavelli Cruz::Warriors win 135 86
Okala Oduigwe::LOL
John Martin::Beating the Bucks is no big deal. The Warriors might even beat Brooklyn.  What is important is what does this streak mean? Are the Warriors just hot and will cool off or are they a legitamite threat to win the West? Right now there are three elite teams in the West--Portland, OKC and the Spurs. Are the Warriors equal to this group?
John Martin::What is worrisome about the Wariors is the inconsistency of the guards. In this game they both shot poorly against a weak team and it was only the play of the front line that won the game. What will the Warriors do against a team that can stop their bigs?
Fiti Bear::i remember when blazers were the best team     now they sucks so hard that they can't even win two games in a row against some terrible teams   terry stotts  is a joke i  don't even know what this fool coach is trying to prove with meyers we lost 4 out of 6 games with his  stupid  decisions
Emmanuel Mariano::I agree with us getting some help on the guard position but pleaseeee do not trade Barnes or Thompson.I have been a bazemore fan but it seems to me like he gets caught either in no mans land or he doesn't have that urgency.I say go for miller or Hinrich, give up a second rounder with nedovic.
John Osaki Jr.::Warrior fans, check out the great Rick Barry and Chris Mullin, and Steph Curry in the point guard comparisons in Derek Rose's projected rankings in the new book of basketball, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Anthony Carr::Curry playing to the crowd a lot more on this road trip - he's starting to realize he's becoming a legitimate superstar. The only problem with that is he tries to be too cute at times - which creates turnovers. Warriors will get streak up to 13 before OKC next Friday ( I hope).
Daniel McKenzie H-Berg::maybe 14 we got them 1st with that buzzer beater then we lost buy two in a close one the 2nd game we can run with them and its our turn this game
Rodney Bryant::This team has played 6 straight games on the road and won all of them. With brooklyn still  left on the road, that'll be 7 straight....mind boggling
John Martin::The other problematic thing about the Warriors is their weak bench.  This win streak will end sooner or later.  The Warriors should look beyond it and add some depth.
Rodney Bryant::What a flippant response. How many teams have 10 game winning streaks during the season ? Not an easy feat to accomplish.
