Silas Reyes::Thibeodau must be thinking now.. "man I wish we had drafted Westbrook instead of Rose"
John Johnson::Only a small market fanatic would assume that.
Bronya Vogel::John explain please. Westbrook has been all around better. More athletic more durable. Please explain your reasoning, can't see any logic behind your thinking.
Nick Mullinix::John, D Rose's career is over.  Accept it.  He is the Bob Sanders of the NBA
Anderson Daniel::Thunder Up!!! 21-4!!
Anthony Duncan::Normally I would say tank this but they were going to lose this game anyways. #Tank4Jabari
Latece K Christmon::The FT disparity is a joke, this game shouldn't even be close.
Trevor Hennington::The insanely asymmetrical foul calling is the only reason the Bulls are in this game.  Ive never seen the Bulls get so many calls in a half all season, at the same time Ive never seen the Thunder get so few.
Paul Steeno::pain is temporary. it may last for a minute an hour a day or even a year. If i quit however it will last forever.  The BULLS WILL RISE AGAIN
Gino Foggia::When Barkley uses certain wordage you know he bet on the game.. Tonight he used "beat down" I wonder how much he put on OKC?>
Bradley Ulrich::And to think he said this wasn't a place for basketball. Should have bet on him eating his words.
Lu Kane::well at least us rose fans can live vicariously thru westbrooks play, basically mirror images playing style wise..
Nick Mann::Man Derrick/Russel matchups along with Derrick/Rondo matchups were so fun to watch.....why lord, WHY!  Also Derrick always outplayed both.
Pablo Young::I kissed a girl today. :')
Trent Conheady::Have a cookie
Jazmine Ortiz::this is a lie
Pablo Young::Trent Conheady, Thanks bud
Latece K Christmon::21-4  13-0 at home
Gustavo Nolazco::Kiss of death right there! I''m taking the Bulls
Bronya Vogel::Hey gustavo how did that thinking turn out.
John Keros::Almost glad Westbrook was injured last year.  Now no one can deny OKC's much, much better with him.  All the ignorant bashing in years past is rendered wrong.
Adam Youman::i know ive always been a big fan of westbrook and now ppl see why. he does alot more for the thunder than the thunder would ever know
Mang Artemio::wtf okc throwing the ball away and not covering the lines.... +13 bulls.... okc is playing with the lines... karma okc
Sean Berniard::That's why I only bet teasers
Tyler Anwar::Pathetic betters.
Latece K Christmon::Well let us enjoy Reggie Jackson now because he's too good to come off the bench.  I don't mind him leaving for his own goals.
Adam Youman::or maybe he will act like jamal crawford/manu and play as sixth man his whole career lol
Samit Jain::I would be surprised if brooks puts his starters back in game, thunder 3rd team should win this by 30+..
Jordan Bowser::Agreed. this bulls team looks horrible. I would be surprised if KD and westbrook play 4 quarters tonight.
Trevor Hennington::Teague has no business on that court, dude is a joke.
Michael Repko::hes a scrub......find us someone else........ANYBODY
Jay Zee::I know man.  Seemed like GarPax wanted him more than Nate Robinson.  Im tired of our GMs smh.
Michael Repko::GM's that don't know what they are doing and making a disgrace out of this franchise!
Raj Patel::67 to 112 bulls get dumped on
Michael Repko::bulls may never win another game......they cant play D..........they have too many old players that are always out with injuries.......they have no flow. only positives are they are scoring over 90 points and Augustin looks like a nice pickup
Michael Repko::Teague is a f'n rat scrub who will never be a point guard in the NBA, he is a disgrace to this team and they need to get rid of him asap and find someone! He cant run the point, he cant make or create shots.......and why are Noah and Dunleavy getting so much bench time??
Trevor Hennington::Because we tankin'
Jack Dolley::Going to have to disagree with you. I'm checking the box score and apparently Teague is a pg in the NBA. I don't know though...could be a misprint.
Alan Ogg::funny how bulls 'fans' talked alot of crap prior to the heat/bulls game in october... now they can't even break 50 comments in the 1st quarter? lmao.  9-15 record speaks for itself. hahaha.
Mitchell O'Rourke::Take the best player off any NBA team and they would not be very good
Alan Ogg::Mitchell O'Rourke lies
Mitchell O'Rourke::Name 1 NBA team who would be a legit title contender w/o their best player
Jake Pool::It was a joke Laura,we live here,we know thibs is one of the best,men are talkin sports here,go make us a sandwich and go watch survivor.stupid broad,
Steve Carman::how many free throws does that dumb ni g butler want to miss? how is he taking 3s when he can't even hit free throws? as for teague.. guy should be in D League warming the bench!
Shaun Mitts::can they please stop showing the bulls on  national TV? they are atrocious.  Even when they had Rose, they were bad. its unfair to teams like POR,MIN,ATL
Taylor Manes::Nobody care about those overrated  teams...Portland is going to be tanking by the end of the season they too scared to face Indiana and Miami...
John Collins::Taylor Manes Portlands strength of schedule has been much weaker than the Thunders. Most of their wins are against East coast teams. We all know the East coast is no good this year. OKC's majority wins have all been West coast teams. So maybe youre right, but I seriously doubt you are. Wait until Portland plays more West coast teams on the road, then we'll see who the tank is.
Silas Reyes::John Collins If you consider the thunder a west coast team then I guess they are still Seattle's supersonics. And Portland has beaten the supersonics already this year.
Taylor Manes::I say we lose...because we're tanking...next season we will be back with derrick rose AND JABARI PARKER....
Raj Patel::dont forget nikola mirotic, and possibly the charolettes picks if they make the playoffs
Jake Pool::Now the bulls cant even play d.wow pathetic! Kiss thibs a s s goodbye,wont win 15 more games.FACT
Chuck Acklin::Not from being fired. Tibbs is gonna leave.
Chuck Acklin::Lou Henson?
Laura Pierce::You dumbasses, thibs just signed a new 4 year deal, he isn't going anywhere..knicks suck worst then the bulls have..
Latece K Christmon::Steve Adams has 4 steals.  Not looking good Perkins, not looking good at all.
Adam Youman::it has been "not looking good for perkins" for years now
