Justin Jenkins::I see this one being super close.  Raptors 121 Heat  81
Patricia Santamaria::I know everyones been asking for a link, so here it is:  >>.  1url.com/fPCX  Enjoy!
Brenno Costta::I know everyones been asking for a link, so here it is:  >>.  1url.com/fPCX  Enjoy!
Scott Carter::Bosh returns to his Triassic home where he spent the first 230 million years of his career.
Julie Price::Except he's actually not playing today.
Amir Shirazi::With a fake injury
Arlonte Duran::Since LeBron came into the league in 2003-04, nobody in the NBA has made more game-tying and go-ahead shots in the final 24 seconds of playoff games than LeBron, who is 7-of-16 on those shots. His 43.8 field goal percentage on those clutch shots ranks the best in the NBA since his rookie season among players with at least 10 attempts. The league average is 28.3 percent on those shots.
Arlonte Duran::- game winners under 10 seconds in the playoffs.  PLAYOFFS - UNDER 10 SECONDS - GAME WINNING SHOTS:  LeBron: 5/10 - 50% Jordan: 6/13 - 46% Wade: 1/3 - 33% Melo: 1/4 - 25% Kobe: 3/14 - 21% Durant: 1/5 - 20%
Andrew Johnson::who gave you permission to speak facts
Tim Got-dis Roberson::Numbers dont lie man!! He the real deal #goheat
Alan Ogg::funny how when the heat win a regular season game its "only a regular season game" but when they lose by 1 to an overhyped nets team its 'OMG!!!!!!!!!!! heat are going down! nets fan 4 eva!!!!!!!!"
Jihad Struggle Lee::OK,will see come playoff time
Jihad Struggle Lee::If you are a true nets fan go to their game conversation and not the Heat's
Alan Ogg::im a heat fan bozo. ever since Rony seikaly days.
Jack Malich::Beasley: 4 min 2-3 3 pointers, get that man some playing time
Doug Coleman::Not until he starts playing great team defense
Kim Hall::LeBron James is awesome
Brandon Tigues::35-8-8 video game numbers man...the crazy thing is this is just a typical lebron game
Paul Snurpus::Lovin' it!  He's warming up for Thursday's big game.
Brandon Tigues::Paul Snurpus  I hope he doesn't come out lackluster like he did against brooklyn
Michael Mathis::Nope just another game
Michael Mathis::Michael Jeffrey Jordan.  Degenerate GAMBLER  Cheated on his wife  Ignored his Kids But guess what? Their was no  24 hour news cycle  No tmz No twitter No facebook No Camera phones  And I personally Do not Hold  these things against him.. But the fact is.. Greatness is tarnished more easily now
Michael Mathis::Ohh and the Bobcats top brass is filled with people he owed favors to ..Not the best Qulified
Alan Ogg::i love how people say they "love" jordan now when back that everyone besides bulls fans hated him
Michael Mathis::First 3 lines are for shock value to prove a point.. Flaws will be over looked But they are FACTS
Bryce Morgan::36 minutes, 35 points. Not only has he been playing less minutes this year, but so have Wade and Bosh. Spo knows what he is doing I believe. Playoff time the Heat should be the most rested excited to murder team out there.
Amir Shirazi::First round exit
Tyrone Scuffling::Amir Shirazi For your favorite team?  Yes.
John Osaki Jr.::LeBron dominated tonight. If you are a big-time LeBron James and Dwyane Wade fan, check out both players awesome chapters in the new 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Tim Miley::If Toronto wanted to name their team after a dinasaur they should have called them Toronto Sauraus-Rex
Campbell Miller::Psycho T is going to go off. He is going to own the paint. Raptors by 15.
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Who? The same guy who said "my bad" to Ron Artest? lmao
Matt Greene::I would of punched that nigga lol . Be like nigga get off of me. Its my house . Haha shit would of been wild . Lol . Even at 5 ft 10 i would of hit that nigga lol
Brandon Dowden::Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts To be fair, there is crazy...And then there is Ron Artest.
Bryan Bobish::It amazes me how many people put LBJ down. Why can't you appreciate the greatness we get to watch, just like we did with MJ?  You look dumb when you automatically write LBJ off when he is still in his prime and a good 6-7 years left to play. Besides your claims are simply bias because you don't want LBJ to win...
Jihad Struggle Lee::Norris Cole should get a chance to start for the Miami Heat, played another great game by his standards.
Michael Mathis::The rotation is set and Cole is the only heat player under contract without options next year.
Steven Kelley::They can't.  Cole provides too much energy and hustle off the bench.  They need him to come off the bench.
Harae Kang::After the game, ESPN be like:  Amazing stat line by LeBron James 24pts, 5 rebs, 6 ass, with 4 flops
Paul Snurpus::Hater
Doug Coleman::Harae Kang -- You were close, except he has that at the beginning of the 3rd quarter minus the flops. Any NBA player would love to have that stat line. Lebron just makes it look easy.
Tyrone Scuffling::Kang, you're a moron.  You are truly a stupid person.
Geoffery Alan Wroth::miami cover 5.5
Coo Chee Rodriguez::Are you sure? Miami struggling on the road.
Charles Cherry::yea but the should cover this...
Steven Kelley::Coo Chee Rodriguez Are you really going to say that after only 5 games being played this season?
Fabian Garza::I really hope the Heat go on a winning streak so that they can take their games seriously, they are too boring to watch right now.
Heka Samir::I know everyones been asking for a link, so here it is:  >>. 1url.com/fPCX  Enjoy!
Kevin Gipson::Lebron will never be Jordan, case closed.
Bryce Morgan::great intelligent statement. Oh I'm sorry, high school education. Not surprised
Tim Got-dis Roberson::33-8-8 LeBron doing work tonight!!
Joseph MC::Can Pull up from 30!!!
Tim Got-dis Roberson::Make that 35-8-8 #tooeasy
Karla Elden::Wade's looking sharp tonight.
Andrew Lipham::shut it down. lets go home -dirk
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Said no one ever
Aaron Her Na Dez::Lebron is so gewd it hurts. MVP MVP
Daniel Benavides::This isn't a milestone because LBJ's streak ended against the mavericks on the finals of game 4 when he scored 8 points.   source: http://www.therecord.com/sports-story/2580066-lebron-james-streak-of-double-digit-games-ends-at-433-as-heat-fall-in-game-4/  DALLAS — LeBron James was looking for the best win of his playoff career.  "Instead, almost stunningly, he turned in his worst post-season scoring performance. For the first time in 90 post-season games — and his last 434 overall — James did not reach double digits in the scoring column. His offence was, by his lofty standards, offensive: a mere eight points on 3-for-11 shooting, and the Miami Heat lost 86-83 to the Dallas Mavericks on Tuesday night."  also its on espn's own archived article here: http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/wire?id=6637511  "James scored only eight points i...n the Heat's 86-83 loss to the Dallas Mavericks in Game 4 of the NBA finals Tuesday night, ending his streak of 433 consecutive games -- regular season and playoffs included -- of scoring in double figures. The last time he didn't score at least 10 points was Jan. 5, 2007, when he had just eight points for Cleveland at Milwaukee."  So even if they didn't count that game he would of beat that streak months ago but because it ended they haven't.    ESPN needs to start practicing real journalism, checking their sources and adding up the games because making up fake milestones doesn't make a player better. It makes espn look like amateurs.  See More
Alan Ogg::daniel is an idiot, next.
Colin S. Johnson::I see we are back to the creation of a legend here at ESPN with insignificant records.. Lets face it...LeBron is a great player but he isn't as good as ESPN wants to make him out to be in order to promote their programming. The NBA isn't what it was 20-30-40 years ago. The stars are allowed to travel, get away with fouls, and have touch fouls called on their defenders all the time. It was a much more physical game back then than it is today and the decades simply aren't comparable anymore. James has done this...but in an era designed to allow stars to do this.
Alan Ogg::STFU tool
Tyrone Scuffling::12 year old.  You never watched the game before 2001.  The players, especially the GOAT, Jordan, traveled at will.  Plus no zone defense back then.  James would destroy teams if they couldn't deploy a zone.  Hell, he destroys them already.
Michael Kopanos::Yaaaaawwwnnnnnnn, watching DVD of my mavs spanking the heat and shocking the world, how's my dirk taste Lebron ? -- Deshawn Stevenson!  Ahhh nothing like humbling Lebron and wade, you can beat everyone but us. Have some mav humble pie,taste good ask Lebron. Hahahahaha
Michael Kopanos::P.s Jason Terry still talking about ur wife and mom .lmao!!! Humble pie son! Hahahaha
Doug Coleman::Are you really talking about a Mavs team that is non-existent right now. Be happy they got their 1 Championship, we all are, but let it go. The Heat have won 2 titles since then. No one cares what Jason Terry said or didn't say. It was so long ago and Terry has moved on to 2 other teams since then. All those old jokes are just tired and played out.
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Too bad that's the ONLY NBA title you'll ever have now that the Mavs are non existent in title talk these days
