real-tha-mask-murderer::Come on Celtics
oreed born again sox4life::..
ElectricPhreak::http://espn.go.com/boston/mlb/story/_/id/7661787/2012-spring-training-jonathan-papelbon-says-philadelphia-phillies-fans-smarter-boston-red-sox-fans
PennSportsGuy::TURNSANITY
cellus24::I know they lost last night but did anybody see the video of Kevin Garrnet making fun of that reporter from TNT the other day. That was some funny $@%! right there http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWAKQCdGY3o&amp;feature=g-all-u&amp;context=G2597491FAAAAAAAABAA
E. Jack Culate::what is it, Dwayne?
crichtonu::Good lookin out.  I almost clicked it but read your post and took your word for it.
Dwayne_Johnson23::FUC.K YOU  Nobody click this
crichtonu::This is the same Boston team that shut down the Magic holding them to 56 points in the entire game.  That is the same Rondo that got an other-worldly triple double the other night.  Anyone who watches this team knows how incredibly inconsistent this squad is.  Sometimes they play very well and other times they get their @$$#$ handed to them.  When they win, the boards are full of people claiming they found their stride.  When they lose like this, the boards fill up with demands to blow the team up.  Are we really to believe the problem is in the roster??  I dont.  You have veterans and you have young guys.  The man who manages their time and decides how to use them is to blame.  Doc Rivers must go.
Rik1822::Agreed, he no longer is able to put the best combinations to win the game on the floor consistently.  When they 'hit their stride' its not by design, but rather seems forced by injury or an outside factor.  A coach has to be able to determine who gives his team the best chance of winning, not just who has had the best career up to this point.
Rik1822::JJ gets 13 minutes with 10 points and 5 boards, clearly he doesn't deserve to be getting more time... Also, what happened to E'Twuan?  Hasn't played more than a couple minutes in a month despite Doc saying he's the second best shooter on the team.  WTF does it take to get playing time on the C's, a bag a depends and squirt bottle full of Ensure?
CashMoneyMarquisDaniels::Tough game to watch, C's just gotta find some form of consistency here.   http://bostonsportsblog.net/2012/03/08/76ers-blow-out-cs/
dcreery15::wat ppl don't get about knicks is that the problem is ther defense, lin shump walker jeffries and chandler is way better then lin fields carmelo stat and  chandler  more on that here http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
Dwayne_Johnson23::Wrong board moron
Dwayne_Johnson23::I guess the C's decided to take this one off.  Time to move on!
kfoges03::kinda like duke did against carolina
Dwayne_Johnson23::I'm not sure if Duke took that off.  More like UNC is the better team
kfoges03::and kinda like carolina did against fsu
vmanetti15::i honestly think that they can make 1 more run with the tea,m that they have...but ya next year as much as it hurts to say u gotta get rid of garnett/ allen n start rebuilding. But as of now i think they can make 1 more championship run maybe..
vmanetti15::yea well i think if chicago can get a dwight howard or like a ray allen they will be a lock
kfoges03::i really hope they dont get dwight, they'd have to give up way too much and I love ray rays game
vmanetti15::Figured ahha....whats u think. think they( boston ) has 1 more run
kfoges03::I will never count out veterans like pierce, garnett, and allen.. by 1 more run I would think they could win a playoff series but not contend
vmanetti15::u A Bulls fan?
kfoges03::i am, sir
kfoges03::i wouldnt be mad if ray allen ended up in chicago
reality man::funny how 76ers can win without half the talent of the knicks, its called coaching!!!!!!!! you suck dantoni!!!!!
ElectricPhreak::all of the above
kfoges03::its called unselfish players!!!! you suck carmello!!!
FTOWN215::No excuses for the celts last night . They got their doors blown off by the better team . They should sell off their pieces and rebuild
vmanetti15::yup agreed for dwight
E. Jack Culate::Time to resume Rondo trade talks again
vmanetti15::tough game boston was still tired from their 3rd in a row and rested starters in the 3rd n 4th....plus they were already on the bus b4 the game was over i saw them. Get them in the playoffs C's
ddolph2822::Watch out East.. Philadelphia is about to unleash the ExtraTerrestrial, Evan Turner
prezh601::This wasa taxing... Boston against these young teams need to let the young players come out first because they couldnt keep up tonight.. it was like 4 rondos against one..
goalie1113::big win for the sixers, but each win is relative in this whacky season. teams are going to take nights off/rest their guys when they realize they have a slim chance at winning.
TDeezy20::evan turner is the next superstar in this league why dont they make this dude a starter
FTOWN215::Turner needs the ball in his hand . As long as doug sees this now the sixers will just be that much better .
adreena07::really
coreygallagher06::He's started the last two games. lol
salemram15::Exactly
Blazelover13::Yeah, if there was any doubters, I think this proved enough. The Sixers are still the team to beat in their division. I don't CARE what the Knicks have and who the Celtics are. This was a complete demolishing, and the Celtics HAD all their players, so I don't want to hear ANY excuses. The Sixers might have come back down to Earth, but they are still a VERY dangerous team who CAN beat the Bulls and any other team...except maybe the Heat. So, when they win the division, watch out for them. Once Hawes is back, this team will be even deadlier. Oh, and great breakout game for Turner. FINALLY. Great job, Sixers!
adreena07::really at least  somebodyy knoww
goalie1113::the knicks have all sorts of problems that lin is temporarily masking. fact of the matter is that they are still 3 games under .500, and can't play a lick of D.
6 Flavors of Wonton Soup::Who works at nasa???
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::I will say it again. The Sixers showed up today and played well. The C's did not. Good game and good luck to your team.
nicholl08::celtics still suck
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::I've heard it all now. Toronto fans work at Nasa building rockets. WTF?
FormulaOner::I really like Evan. Collins just needs to show a bit of faith in him
tedcgegi::Finally,finally,finally,Evan Turner played like an NBA all-star that we Philly fans envisioned him to be on Draft Day 2010. Please keep it up,Evan, and keep him in the starting 5,Coach Collins.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::First game all year. Very surprised and extremely impressed.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Note to the person who arrives in ten minutes: Rondo is not being traded.
Bradleyboy25::philadelphia just ate some sloppy beef n cheeses and sharted all over boston
Bradleyboy25::then had a klondike bar
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Then you went all sick and sociopathic...
Bradleyboy25::they then pulled down their pants, hovered their buttchecks over the court and layed out a big fudge dragon for boston to choke on
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Just keep going. You are clearly addicted to food.
Bradleyboy25::they had the 5 for 5.55 beef and cheeses at arbys.
NBA_refs_are_weak::celtic fans are kinda just used to this. we were playing some heavy minutes, 40+ for ray and paul last night, b2b on the road against a solid philly team, kinda saw this comin. altho 32 points is a tough one to take. oh well, rest up and on to the next
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Boston is still a great team.
nicholl08::no they're not
swisha115::Amen
nicholl08::you wasted your own time
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::It would be for me. Thanks for wasting my time.
nicholl08::haha our conversation should of never happened the world would have been a better place
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::You tell me, Mensa.
nicholl08::what's that mean smartas s
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Did you learn that on Thursday nights?
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Sure you do.
nicholl08::I work for NASA
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::N Korea disbanded that program. Don't worry.
nicholl08::they don't stink. They just aren't great. Which is what you said at the beginning. I guess we have different definitions of great. Now sorry but I have to go back to building rockets.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Any Toronto fan saying the C's stink clearly has no clue. Agreed?
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::You are not the American problem? I don't even know what you are saying at this point...
nicholl08::you just said my opinion means little to the american public. Guess what nancy you aren't the American problem. You're just a guy on a computer
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::You just became a Rhode scholar, huh?
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::I do like Canada though.
nicholl08::man you are dumb
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Your opinion means little to the American public. Thanks for the experiment in Vancouver. Can't wait till Toronto goes to Seattle. Shut it and speak Hockey.
nicholl08::yea i did your team sucks
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Did you just pull a Nancy? Stick to the facts.
nicholl08::haha ok nancy
swisha115::Bahahahaha
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::One of those two teams will be in the playoffs this year. Shut it.
nicholl08::yea they aren't a great team anymore just to let you know
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::OK.
nicholl08::toronto
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Just name your team...
nicholl08::no they are 20-18 and getting older how are they a great team?
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Are you a Sixer fan?
Bradleyboy25::2 8 1 three three OH, 8 zero zero FOE
swisha115::Well, Boston did win 5 straight...cant knock em...but a 40 point loss? Jesus......
6 Flavors of Wonton Soup::32 points you artards
swisha115::My bad..30...much closer
Bradleyboy25::30 points you artard
Bradleyboy25::maybe evan turner can help us make a touchdown to win the match
Bradleyboy25::yeaaaa
Sir_Octavius_Spalding::Boston hasn't won a championship since they let B-Scal get away.
swisha115::Perk
J-SMOOVE2029::FACT
boogettie::Who on the Celtics is most likely to be traded?
J-SMOOVE2029::where there is smoke there is fire
J-SMOOVE2029::Rondo
J-SMOOVE2029::Celtics, I'll trade you Al Horford for Paul Pierce in a one on one trade.
swisha115::God no...
KyberAntillies::At least the Celtics aren't as bad as Kobe.
swisha115::What a dumb post
Bradleyboy25::what? kobe beat lebron the other night, it was glorious. you doo doo head
PutYouOn::HAHA CELTICS SUCK
bruins1109::haahaha Celtics were tired after that OT game vs houston..old @sses
loomus7::made some great plays going to the hoop. Really impressive. Hope this is the breakout not the fluke.
bruins1109::so did evan turner ball or what..statlinee looks nice
sportsfreak33555::2 OT games in a row actually!
sportsfreak33555::What was the number for that wheelchair store?  -Doc Rivers
sportsfreak33555::HAHA CELTICS........
scubasteve520::Why is it that every NBA headline on this site in the past week has the word "rip" in it. Do the writers at ESPN not know that there is something called a the thesaurus? Let's come up with some other word to describe a victory other than "rip", can we guys?
green solution::Doc is so buddy-buddy with P, Rajon, Ray, etc.. (and afraid of them). And they get the big minutes. That's why they will lose and lose and lose.
22Young Money::The 76ers stole the celtics wheelchairs and walkers thats why they won
green solution::You flip the minutes around between tonight's Celtics "starters" and the bench, and the Celts would have been in this game. Doc has zero imagination. None. 0
TRAQ3D::Kurt Thomas, Grant Hill and a returning Robert Parrish could save the Celts
TRAQ3D::Greg Oden looks the part
TRAQ3D::Philly shut down Rondo and Allen
TRAQ3D::Its about time they unleash Turner
green solution::KC Jones &gt; Doc
