youngstrype::Stupid Raptors, dont even know how to tank properly
LebronJamessssssssss69::ahahaahah  Pissssstons  &amp;   Craptors  48 minutes of NBA H3ll for the fans
No-account drifter::Actually, watching Gay, DeRozan, Johnson, and Valanciunas work against not much defense was entertaining, in an all-star/And1 kind of way. I went because I'd never seen Gay live before. Quite a talent, when he decides to wake up and pay attention.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Raptors won a game? Will the moon fall from the sky tomorrow?
ckearney13::knight, drummond, monroe, stuckey/singler, and a solid SF would make this a fun team to watch. they just need some veteran experience that knows how to win around them, and a coach that has a clue how to develop young players.
No-account drifter::Sorry, but Drummond just plain sucks at defense, and apparently Detroit doesn't have any better help for Monroe. he makes some plays at times, but much more often he loses track of what's going on. No team with inside D like that is winning anything. You can't open up the paint that way against a team with even weak NBA talent. Not only do you give up easy buckets, the confidence that they are available makes everything about the offense easier.
lsqualls1958::Drummond is 19 and he's been out almost two months.  I'll take that kid over any first year player.  I think in a re-draft, GMs would say the same.  Yup, that includes the kid in Portland.
pistonfanstill::Another dumb move by the Pistons.  Whats the Raptors record since the Calderon trade?  Detroit kills the confidence of BK7 bring in a losing PG.  Oh it does not matter the players, the most stupid move was hiring Lawrence Frank.  Hey Detroit, look at the Nuggets.  They lose stars and superstars and keep winning!  Why?  They have a real basketball coach instead of a b-ball Groupie.
No-account drifter::The only way I can explain it is that they just wanted more of a classic point guard in place so that they can evaluate the rest of the team to figure out what to do with the cap space they cleared.
pistonfanstill::There is not a single 'star' on the Nuggets with Law the only Blue chip.  I used them as an example.  I knew the Pistons were finished the moment Frank was announced as a candidate for coach.  He's obviously a champ at presenting a case for employment with naive owners with deep pockets.
pistonfanstill::Talent? When you lack 'talent' you develop a team concept.  Did you see the 2004 Pistons coming?  What is 'talent?'  Lawrence Frank is the statement made by Gore that the Detroit Pistons are not interested in building a championship team.
t casey::Karl is a clearly superior coach, but they also have more talent than we do. Although I do think we'd do considerably better with a better coach.
denn19641::How come a not so hot guard end up with the last shot in regulation and OT. Wolverine claws the Hawks
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Obviously you have never played basketball. Your plays to win are wrote up based on a guys skill level not based on how "hot" he was in the game.
TheJTram::Tbh, I had Kansas winning it all on my bracket &lt;.&lt; Oh well lol
aldridr1::Here's to hoping Detroit drafts Burke.
denn19641::If this is the case then we need to shop for a 2/3 this summer. I think he will be a good PG and fit with BK7 as the 6th man.
trademarktaz::if michigan beats kansas this will make up for the last 5 horrible pistons seasons
fred66121::Detroit needs to be kicked out of the league for fixing the game and playing like f.a.g.g.ots.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Flagged.
gri400::GG everyone.  Amir and jonas were great tonight, rudy and demar really stepped up in the 2nd have and the raps actually played a good all around game tonight
denn19641::I bet the Cavs will lose as well on their next game.
TheJTram::Cracksal - Prince is highly overrated on defense and kills all ball movement in offensive sets by trying to play point forward on the wing. ------------------------------------------------- That's because our offensive sets SUCK. Our only consistent post scorer is Moose who's struggling this season and Knight, Stuckey, and Singler are too inconsistent. Look at the Grizzlies with Prince; they are THRIVING with him.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Do you watch Grizzlies games? Prince is a bit player at most. He is an aging guy that lost a step.  You should be mad you turned Prince into Jose "the worst starting PG in the NBA for the last 5 years" Calderon
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Play D? That is stretching it. He is useless for the Grizz. I know you love him but he is an old man that can't do anything on the floor anymore.  Like I said I feel sorry for you that his value was Jose Calderon the worst PG in the NBA for the last 5 years. Seriously he would complain and whine and Brian Colangelo would trade away everyone we had to replace him or give Jose minutes over them. Guy is a complete tool.
TheJTram::Look at his role with the Grizzlies, all they need him to do is play D and take Rudy Gay's place. They seem happy with him
BigLeagueCiu::I won a lot of money tonight, I parlayed raptors winning and the under
fred66121::DETROIT FIXES GAMES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
betteratlifethanyou::k
fred66121::DETROIT FIXES GAMES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
gri400::man you must have lost like 20 bucks tonight
TheJTram::Next time dont gamble
BigLeagueCiu::My feelings about this Raptors season  http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/36819938.jpg
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::For F sakes. Do you even watch the games? Man. He got dominated by Josh McRoberts for 2 rebounds at the end of the Bobcats game. And he has gotten bullied in the 4th when it has been close. He is a rookie man. Damn. Watch the damn games
ignasm::nice
gri400::LOL  and perfect for tonight
betteratlifethanyou::Apparently it is good luck for the raptors for me to not watch the game
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Please stop even thinking about the Raptors. I would appreciate it man thanks
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Thanks man.
betteratlifethanyou::haha ok
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Not insulting Detriot by saying this but for the 5000 people left in the rink they are loud!  Edit: maybe 2000 left.
No-account drifter::Actually, they were all in the concourse, watching the Michigan-KU game on the TV screens. That loud cheer you heard were all those folks when Trey made that trey. But seriously, the Palace is kind of a cool place if you are not a Piston's fan. Seats are cheap, parking is easy, good Michigan craft beer, they try really hard at all the entertainment (especially on Fridays), and the fans who are there know the game and keep cheering their team no matter what. It's mainly hoops junkies left.
TheJTram::I dont think 5000 people even came to the Palace
denn19641::Trey Burke !!!
DetKoolAid::TREY BURKE IS THE PLAYER OF THE YEAR
trademarktaz::turn this game off and go watch the michigan kansas game on TBS lol
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Why are their Pistons haters? The Pistons have played ok. They certainly aren't playing terrible. They just don't have the matchups. Kyle Singler on Rudy Gay? No wonder Rudy scored 19 in the third.
betteratlifethanyou::Everything is clicking tonight despite getting 10 less free throws. What is up with Rudy actually making 3s?
gri400::yeah that was unexpected, but we'll take it
fred66121::If the NBA had any integrity...they kick the Pistons out of the league.
No-account drifter::If NBA general managing were the MMA, Dumars would be dead, disemboweled, and dismembered. They really ought to stop that fight.
secueritae::Seriously if you wanted win should have just bet on the Knicks beating the Bobcats, no need to troll the Pistons as this game could have gone either way
TheJTram::Dont bet on us EVER then........Im telling you
secueritae::How much money did you lose?
gri400::enough that we have to see this :)
gri400::lol
fred66121::I really hope every person in Detroit suffers more than they are right now. I hope the whole city collapses. What a fking joke. People pay hard earned money and you fix the game? You only score 70...you $@%!!!!
TheJTram::Easy there, even though the Pistons are playing like as.s, they're in Auburn Hills, not Detroit lol
Minnysota Vikings::Only 18 minutes for Drummond. What a joke.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::He was getting abused by JV and Amir. No use killing his confidence. The guy is a rookie have patience.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::TheJTram - Coming off an injury and played well until he got raped on D  Exactly. Not a good decision to leave him out there in a game against us.
TheJTram::Coming off an injury and played well until he got raped on D
TheJTram::Counting this game we are 7-21 ever since the Prince trade on Jan. 30, only 1 of those wins were against a team above .500 (Spurs) while the rest of the wins were against teams like the Cavs, Wizards, Bobcats, and Bucks who are way below/sub .500 teams. Over 2/3 of those losses were by blowouts and huge games by wing players. Think Prince could have been a difference maker
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Man we all know how a sprained ankle like that feels. At first it hurts then you can walk in it but then about an hour later it is triple the size. I just rewound my TV on that. His foot bends so far his ankle bone nearly touched the court. If he wasn't an NBA player and didnt have calf muscles and a strong base that is a busted ankle for sure. Don't be surprised if he misses a few games after this one Pistons fans.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::OUCH!!! Wow Brandon Knight has had a tough go wow. Broken nose and then he lands on John Lucas (a deal leaguers) foot and bends his ankle down. That looked sick!!! Jesus.
gri400::damn, not knights night
secueritae::Broken nose, now sprained ankle
arvinramroop::I'm going to say it early.....GG Piston's fans :)
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Love Charlie V. He has always had the inside game to play at an NBA level.
DetKoolAid::ok now, go home pistons you are drunk now. lose, but with dignity lol
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Shut up. Don't diss the Pistons they came out hard they just don't have the pieces to win this game.
ignasm::wow, i wish next season Raps play like that every game
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::I said earlier. The lineups have been perfect this game. These lineups since Rudy came we might be fighting for the 8th now.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::HAHAHAHAHAHAH.   Lucas yelling for the ball on that 2 on 1. DeMar looks and shakes his head and give it to Double A who cans an easy open 3.
gri400::demar and rudy really stepped up this half, they weren't really good at all in the 1st half but they've done a really good job now
TheJTram::Now will yall finally realize we shoulda kept Prince &lt;.&lt; Getting raped on D doesnt overshadow a faster pace on offense with Calderon
Cracksal::Prince is highly overrated on defense and kills all ball movement in offensive sets by trying to play point forward on the wing.
TheJTram::And...he's our best defender....look how many blowout losses we had WITHOUT him
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Prince got killed by DeMar in Memphis. So what does that say?
DTownSportsLions::Not much.
TheJTram::We're getting killed WORSE without him &lt;.&lt;
gri400::really solid move by demar there
BigLeagueCiu::"GET OUT THE SALAMI AND CHEESE, THIS BALL GAME IS OVER"  -Chuck Swirsky
gri400::ok... you can say it now :)
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::I actually don't mind the Pistons I loved the way they could win in the years of Superstar teams just by having a good system and pieces that gave their all every game.   BUT. I owe the Pistons a debt of gratitude. I have always hated Jose Calderon and the way he has pushed out every PG that ever tried to take his job. Think this year he complained enough so that he got starts instead of Lowry. Well tonight he has been completely outclassed in all areas by Kyle just like I thought he would. IT IS A BIG MISTAKE IF THE PISTONS RESIGN HIM. RUN AWAY FROM JOSE!!!!
Cracksal::They gave up too quickly on Knight.. Prince was the problem.
jakegibbs19::Monroe's game absolutely falls apart when he is forced to play with Drummond.
TheJTram::Alright that...is debatable with Drummond being raw offensively. Then how come Drummond is being efficient now but Monroe struggling, explain that.
BigLeagueCiu::We might see some Aaron Gray, Telfair and MAYBE even Pietrus minutes
gri400::but what about ACY????
gri400::<b> HOW COULD YOU POSSIBLY FORGET ABOUT THIS???????</b>
BigLeagueCiu::OH ACY WAS CALLED UP, I FORGOT ABOUT THAT!!!!
TheJTram::Dont get me wrong, Im glad we got Jose and what he's done for us. But...we wouldnt have as many blowouts if we kept Prince. Now people finally realize how valuable his D is.
Hi There_::few are still willing to admit it though.
arvinramroop::DEMARRR :)
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Remember when the Detriot GM fell in love with Stuckey and made AI look like an a hole???  How is that working out for you?
DetKoolAid::after a decade of basketball that raptors have never experienced, its tolerable especially with other teams like red wings, tigers and Lions who at least have talent...also colleges like UM and MSU.   I think were good
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Yep because the years gone by and sports that aren't basketball mean anything. How do you guys winning titles mean anything over the last few years?
arvinramroop::gri...can raps blow this?
BigLeagueCiu::I'll just say that the salami and cheese isn't out yet...
arvinramroop::beat ya to it :)
BigLeagueCiu::i'm walking to the fridge...
gri400::not yet, but people are starting to reach for it...
gri400::they can sure as hell try :(  i'll be an optimist and say "no" though
jakegibbs19::Isn't it great to see how having Drummond and Calderon in the starting lineup makes such a difference against a bad team at home.
jakegibbs19::Not being dramatic.  Get used to the losing over the long haul with Drummond and Calderon.  Neither are difference makers.
TheJTram::Drummond IS a difference maker. Unfortunately, the fact that Calderon sucks on D kinda cancels it out
Cracksal::First game back. Dont be so dramatic. Though I WOULD rather see Knight at the point than Calderon.
jakegibbs19::Too bad Drummond and Calderon have no clue on how to win a basketball game.
jakegibbs19::Cracksal - jakegibbs19 - Too bad Drummond and Calderon have no clue on how to win a basketball game.  That is the dumbest thing that I have personally read on here, so far.  Dumbest thing was your response to it.
Cracksal::jakegibbs19 - Too bad Drummond and Calderon have no clue on how to win a basketball game.  That is the dumbest thing that I have personally read on here, so far.
TheJTram::Well...at least they've the ones being productive...
BigLeagueCiu::nice 90's dance music
