Shoot Jung::magic 101, clippers 98
Randy Dixon::If I could pronounce your name I would call you a complete idiot
Ali Lukie Ozeir::I freaking Hope Cp3 will be back before the 6 weeks! It's only a Separated Shoulder he shouldn't be out that long once you pop it back in and do a lot of rehab on it he should be back in 2-4 weeks not 6 weeks! The Clippers have been suffering from Injuries all long this season J.J Redick has been 8 weeks,Reggie Bullock Matt Barnes and now CP3. I hope they get better ASAP!
Charles Hurley::Matt Barnes absolutely poor shooter. O/U 104 Clippers. Barnes 1-10. Thanks alot! Agree with Shek...bench is garbage. Hollins just gets in the way.
Steve Carman::This game will be over 197.5pts Bank it in people! i'm on fire! Wolves under 221.5 TICK, Brooklyn to Win TICK. now for my Treble.. OVER 197.5
Steven Chico::dummy
Scott Siver::The Magic are soooooo bad. I get the CP3 is great, but the clips are well coached and will crush them. Now you know.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::i think magic should be allowed to have 6 players on the court to make this game fair and interesting
Naib Lis::This is going to be a close game but I like Clippers' chance because they are at home. Magic 108, Clippers 111.
Eric Lopez::I don't think it will be that Close. I say... Clippers 113, Magic 93
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::orlando need to use vucivic..
Sly Diocales::Badtrip tlga magic
Jordan Ho::112-98 magic
Randy Dixon::Yeah right
Chris Matusiewicz::Could be a Magic Upset
Bob DuMars::bet the under !
Steve Carman::don't do it man.. you about to lose money to me!
Bob DuMars::Easy money ! thank you for the donation!
James Belandres::what's funny is  the clippers just got blown out by san antonio like this the other week  but instead of taking his foot off the pedal like coach pop did, doc keeps his guys in the game to keep the lead huge. all clippers starters going to end up with 30 mins played in a blowout.   guess he thinks they need the confidence boost against one of the worst teams in the league, huh.
John Osaki Jr.::If the Clippers are a great team, they should play well even with out Chris Paul! Big-time Paul fans, check out his awesome player analysis in the new book of basketball, NBA' s 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Samuel Fisher::The league may as well change the goal tending rule. D JOrdan goal tended the hell out one of those shots.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::orlando gonna score 10+ in the first qtr? why are they running their offense thru baby? vucivic is there. idiots
Duddly Jones::good start to 2nd half magic........Magic will pull  it out-------------not lose by more than 50
Derek Gentile::Lets be real. The Magic have won 3 games all year on the road...#A-WinForTheMagicIsUnlikely
Shek Leone::nice lost,by 2 cause clips bench cant hit a layup in the fourth ,fuckking bums
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::this is how we play pick up games here. less than 2 passes then shoot lol at orlando
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::deficit cud of been under 10.. but nah magic forgot how to pass the ball
Randy Dixon::Are the magic even a NBA team lol what complete garbage
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::more like WNBL team
Randy Dixon::Honestly I wonder how hard the magic have to practice to be this bad
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::this is like watching nba players vs 12 year old kids
Steve Carman::OVER baby! where is that loser who backed under!
Michael Christy::It ain't OVER yet ;)
Steve Carman::Michael Christy it's over! trust me... it'll be over 197.5pts EASILY! why? cause i'm on a WIN STREAK BABY!! nothing can stop me. Wolves under 221.5 and Brooklyn today.. going for TREBLE BABY! on FIRE!
AP James::Steve Carman it aint over yet baby
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::wow this team is possibly the woest team in sports
Steve Carman::you're possibly the ugliest fuka i've ever seen.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::Steve Carman says the guy with a fake facebook account hahhaha.. ur prolly a fat pig with pimples
