Tony::I love the distribution of points. Glad to see McCollum finally playing, the guy is going to be a key part of this team come playoff time.
Grisam::Say what you will, but this Celtics team is fun to watch. We're losing most games, yes, but we're trying for the first three/three-and-a-half quarters and then suffering a character-building loss. This is actually the ideal scenario for us: high draft pick + team that actually cares and is watchable.
Knickschamp Tumblr Com::another loss for the bostink the city of sewer. I hate boston, those bostonians think they are better than new yorkers when in fact their city stinks red sox sks
Zoran::Boston can win  this game. Portland is in very poor row. They have good team, but still average and have problem with facing big names
.8734::Boston is well on its way to 55 loss season. The goal at the start of the year was 60 but the Eastern conference is worst then I thought. If Boston was in the West they'd be a lock for 60 losses.
pacman932::Celtics will have 9 1st rd picks in the next 4 yrs total. They are young and playing hard, Rondo will be back as captain, young Head Coach looking to prove himself. The future looks bright for the Celtics. That's not even adding big name free agents that will want to play with Rondo. !!!
Geoffrey::35 yrs a Celtics fan....  How do we lose when we have 20 offensive rebounds, only have 9 turnovers, have several players in double digit scoring, and shoot 47%?  I seen it so many times this year.  4 out of 5 categories the team does a great job on......BUT it all comes down to losing their composure at critical times during a game........They start missing shots and then everyone stops even pretending to play any defense and the other team just goes in for layup after layup........This is a coaching problem. I know Rondo when he comes back into the lineup will never put up with this from several players...
Doug::Both teams combined for 13 players to score in double figures. You're not gonna see that every night.
Trace Mann::Rip City..........All Day!
Trace Mann::Well the good news is Portland has not played that well, and only trails by two!~
