John Udouj::Vuc showing he's a top-10 center in this league. Howard isn't easy to replace, but Vuc has done a great job.
Matt Geere::looking back at that trade now I think its safe to say Magic crushed it,,,  AN U cant look at the Rockets with Howard you got to look at the Lakers who traded away AA an Bynum  an lost howard to FA an ended up with nothing from trade. Bynum already crying about pain in knees an missed all last season. I couldn't be happier as Magic fan with trade. Btw does anybody see Howard hitting 8 straight cold blooded FT's with game on the line to close it out?
Tony Daniels::Remember Tobias is not even back yet
Justin Wrasman::Or baby!
David C Hall::Chris Paul had the definitive un-clutch 4th quarter. He really stunk up the joint. A State Farm insurance agent could play better basketball.
Alex Vargas::Howard is so much better than Vuc - no one
Matt Geere::show of hands, how many had the Magic winning 3 in a row after 1st 2 losses? Also how many had 2 in a row against nets an clippers? good job Magic
Marcleen Bavogui::28 AND 21 LMAO  vucevic took deandre to school
Edward Coleman::GO Magic VUC IS A BEAST!!!!!!!
Matt Geere::I expect this game to be a very fun game to watch. Cant wait to see some the match ups play out as Magic fan. Also hope the fans give a big cheer during starting line ups for JJ. He was allways a complete team guy win or lose an IM happy he got too go to a good team like the clippers...
Justin Wrasman::Magic D is for real
Justin Wrasman::One of the best offensive teams with 42 at half
David C Hall::Eric Lopez, paging Eric Lopez. Your Clippers suck
Eric Lopez::At least we didn't lose by 19 points like your Fakers did yesterday.
Amir Shirazi::Eric fakers  really ? You want to go there .accept the lost and move on . I know lakers not even playing well have you notice the bad coach . Dumb Buss is clueless like Jerry jones from cowboys .
Levert Collins::Amir Shirazi why the hell are you on a clipper page you really want to be a fan of them dont you?you  can join its okay you can let the lakers go
Davor Dujic::Orlando Magis can safely say now: Howard - who ????                 I do not remember D. Howard ever posting these kind of numbers combined (points, rebounds, percantages) like Nikola Vucevic.    All this production from Nikola at the FRACTION of salary for grosly OVERRATED Howard
Johnny Da::i said Dwight Who when Vouch pulled the first 20/20 game i knew he was a stud doing that to Bosh some would ignore that fact but the fact is it WAS Chris Bosh he did it too back to back times against the Heat. Vouch is the East best Center no one can question now
Douglas Mwonga::No one in the media wants comment about magic, but here we go MAGIC, Orlando fans let's fly high. With our team
Shawn Bento::Nice job Magic.  Clippers, you SUCK.  Overrated as usual.
Charlie Renault Yedor::Byron Mullens is a walking disaster. I'm scared for us now, down the road, and every moment Blake and Deandre need a breather. The Clips front office MUST do something to fix this hole in our squad...
Joshua Nix::I wish I could have watched my magic play, been thinkin about getting the nba pass, but im already paying for the sunday ticket, uurrgghhh why can't I have a money tree lol
Anthony Wing::you could always go to the first row
Amir Shirazi::Clippers D is the worst , all the games they played allowed 100+ points  Why you think Doc won 1ring , it was not because of him ,it was because D coach aka Bulls coach now
Danny Mac::Do you ever stop trolling the Clippers forum. Lakers arent even playing today. Go away.
Eric Lopez::Yes it's true that the Clippers have the worst Defense but we also have the best Offense. We allow 100 + points and we put up 100 + points.. And those games we allowed 100 + points... Yeah, We won those games. Our Defense will get better eventually... And remember, it's just 4 games into the season.
Amir Shirazi::Danny I didn't know I was talking to a14 year old ..was it hard yo for you to understand  At least Eric understand my point in D
Joe Raygor::30 points. 21 rebounds. Dang, that's a beast performance.
Chris Senzamici::Glad to see the Magic playing some defense.  That was the one thing I expected to get better this season and was surprised by what I saw in the 1st 2 games.
Cory Nope::Orlando won the Howard trade. lol
Adrian Valenzuela::Go Magic!! We will be good this season!!
Anthony Wing::why cant i read all the comments? this comment sytem is better than before, but is horrible nonetheless
John Burton::Hmm, who's ahead now? Seems like these games are 4 quarters and people should wait to make judgments
Brett Reid::yeah who is ahead...lol
Matt Geere::lol yep game
Aaron Rooney::I'm a little worried about my Clips tonight. This is a classic "trap game".
Danny Belanger::I guest you're right!!
Justin Wrasman::Every teams fans have said that prior too and during the game. The magic have one of the best defenses in the league. Nothing to do with "a trap"
Anthony Martinez::Haha overrated and over hyped Clippers got owned.
Eric Lopez::We are 3-2. We still got about 77 games left.
Anthony Martinez::Doesn't really matter because they will choke in the post season.
Johnny Da::Clippers are not Overated the Magic just out worked the Clippers. Every team in the league knows now Orlando is no joke watch out boys
