Lebron James is nothing but hype::The only thing that can stop the Pacers now are the refs during a match with the Heat.
Eric Ross::Crying already, lol
Dereck Johnson::Let's not start that, but I will say when does Paul George start getting the superstar calls? The only bad thing about the NBA is the fact that when a superstar drives 2the basket & every1 knows if it even looks like they get touched the refs are calling a foul.
Chett Manly::Eric Ross, I'm not even a Pacers fan, but I already know that MIA will get the majority of the call, regardless.
Kevin McGee::The Pacers will show the Nets reality tonight, the Pacers have a tremendous defense and they're playing with scintillating confidence.  As much as I enjoyed The Heat last year, I think the Pacers are now THE team to beat, they have a hunger and passion that an older Miami team will struggle to match.
Steve Blesson::Yeah but so far they haven't played against an elite team, except if you count the hobbled Bulls...
Corey Pyle::Steve Blesson However it didn't take the Heat playing "elite" teams to already have two L's. It's early for any big picture "guarantees". But, with what there is with this team on paper + eye-test, there's no reason not to be anything BUT enthused and confident that they'll make a really deep run.
Fernando Baez::until they win something they wont be the team to beat. last time i checked in miami resides the two time defending champs they are still the team to be
Barry Swanson::This Pacer team has the look of one of those "special" teams that simply do not beat themselves and make a run a the title.   BLUE COLLAR GOLD SWAGGER
Mike Williams::They tried very hard to lose last night.
Wade Mason::The truly scary thing about the Pacers is that they're only scoring 95 points/game, and winning by 9 points on average. This defense is not to be underestimated.
Julie Price::Nets are just the crusty Celtics wearing black jerseys. Who thought they would contend for a title?
Henry Ayala::Indiana Pacers are.....dare I say....INDYFEATED.
Ian Dowsett::despite the naysayers, the nets are still a team of admirable brofessionals, and shall henceforth be known as bro-oklyn
Justin Jenkins::Paul George #MVP
Tom Hogan::Nothin like getting the win when everything goes against you. Pacers were fabulous tonight.
Julie Price::Pacers too much for old washed up Black Boston
William Cutting::That awkward moment when Kevin Garnett realizes he is only 2 years younger than his coach
Dereck Johnson::To all the ppl who act like this win means little bc of the nets record. This was a big WIN 4the pacers, & the 1st loss 4the nets at home. Gotta love that there's no drop off 4this Pacer team on the road bc great teams win on the road. This def feels like our year GO PACERS!!!
Jeremy Johnson::Too bad the Nets payroll is limited by the Social Security cap.
Jonah Swidan::Pacers struggled against the Nets last year, but oh well that is LAST YEAR!!   Let's go Pacers!!!!
Keith Haemmerle::4 games in 5 nights...4-0...this team is built to play for stuff like that. The Pacers gutted out a tough win tonight.
Jacob Sharar::hilarious. Every game this year the forward for the other team tries to show up Paul. Pacers will shut them up in the 4th.
Luc Whissell::Celtics have a better record than the Nets...I guess they got rid of Pierce and KG just in time.
Glenn Thomas::Best move Pacers did was picking up Scola.  He gives them scoring and depth.
Dereck Johnson::I loved the move also & still do but I find myself always checking the suns boxscores. I mean Plumlee is really looking tough so far. Gotta wonder if he would be doing the same in more limited mins with the pacers this year.
Paul Grimm::'72 Dolphins better watch out. 98-0
Nathan Nieves::The Gaycers
Ray Waterman::Haha what are you, 12?
Brent Moore::That's the undefeated Gaycers to you
Ray Waterman::Hahaha @ Nathan Stoooopid!!
Kermit Kiya Hart::WOW! After a season together "Deron & JJ" are still the worst so-call star backcourt in the NBA .. slow as mollasses with no creativness
Matthew Stone::As a C's Fan I hope Brooklyn puts it together this season and challenges miami (dubious notion I know) in the east.
Tarik Mowatt::Same... But it looks more like the Pacers will than Brooklyn.(At least right now)
Adriano Wind::Celtics are better then the Nets.  YOu aren't a celtic fan lol.  You're a phony.
Adriano Wind::Only a matter of time before Deron and Pierce start crying about touches haha
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::cmon pacers!! lets win this lets go.... more energy. defence! we needs stops
Christopher C. Lucas::The Pacers can really make a huge statement with this win tonight, huge!!!!
Vinton Singer::OK Brother the Tigers let you down, however, I am w/ you and Larry Bird's team all the way 100%. The Heat is in trouble this year.
Jonah Swidan::This is ONE SOLID PACERS TEAM!!!
Carmen Sand Iiego::It's only 7 games, but they are closing all their games out like champs.  No real mistakes down the stretch in any of these games, look out East!
Jonah Swidan::Carol Anne I realize its 7 games, but that doesn't discredit that this Pacers team is built solid
Arvind Badri::The Pacers are the truth.
Alexander Banks::Second that!
