Emoney321000::Yes, I finally did it! I found myself in one part of the highlights
Dwight Howards Firing Spree::Blazers starting line up is super inconsistent and they basically have no bench. Gonna be a longshot for them to make the playoffs. Its gonna come down to who can beat East teams. Too many teams in the East are weak. Pacers, Pistons, Cavs, Orlando, 76ers, Bulls, Raptors, Wizards...East has been so weakened it's not even funny.
vitalogy1995::Beacuse of Tyshawn Taylor, Nets are my 2nd fav team in the NBA.
gstolls1967::Been betting with an online system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months. I have made over $3,000 a month now for three straight months since I started following it. This system was on the very first page of Google when I searched terms like Baseball Betting System or Sports Betting System. It is extremely popular and if you have not heard of this system I highly recommend it.
KORNETS::GOOD gAME!~!   GO NETS BABY!!
Mets2410::good game Blazers fans and good win Nets!
Kobelies247::DW is a GREAT player no doubt! But is he worth 98mill? LOL HELL NO!
Mets2410::none of these max-contract players are worth the money they get, except maybe LeBron
Dinosaur Attitude::lebron isn't getting max. thats the ironic part. and kobe is probably the most overpaid.
Emoney321000::NBA is the Worst is a $@%!$
nba is the worst::You seem upset, son...  How come?
Emoney321000::I'm actually a Nets fan, but I just see you post on like ALL the boards, dude. Don't you have anything better to do? I should've known that you'd comment on it after I posted that. But i'm sorry if I offended you or anything...
FPC717::Both teams are good.  Should be a fun season for Nets and Knicks.
BJSaxMan93::I can't believe you people saying Lillard is better than D-Will. Calm yourselves.
Rip City Forever::This season lillard is having a better year, yeah, but d will is a vet. In the long run I'd rather have d lillard
Colten4544::San Antonio all the way babay
kyankees100::The last couple of games Nets have made sure to close out in the 4th quarter. Good job.
Ontario925::I'm much more impressed by how well the Nets are exceeding expectation doing well much more than the Knicks.
SMOOVEE34::Yes the Nets are playing very good and they will get their chance at the Knicks this week coming. The real NY team will show the Nets who owns NY. Should be a very good game.
crimson-knights123::Is this Bill?
demetrius0000::lets go brooklyn....
Kobelies247::I would thought for sure Wallace was going to have 20!  HOw many did Batum have 12? Sad sad sad  Id say this 48mill Experiment is offically a BUST!  Send him PACKING!
Thiele05::How's Gerald Wallace working out for you?  2 pts.?  Averaging half his career numbers this season?  Thanks for the draft pick and all!
Kobelies247::Dont worry Blazer fans! Even if LA played you wouldnt have won........  God this team sucks!
Rezo201::The Nets have the 4th rated bench to the Knicks 8th. I can keep going. lol
Rezo201::Even Hump is averaging more rpg than Chandler in less minutes. lol
Rezo201::The Nets have the Knicks at every position except for sf obviously.
thebiglebongski::not about individual players. its all about how a team plays together. lets see how the season plays out.
megdali::No Gerald Wallace's defense is better then Melos offence
Rezo201::I have to disagree, Wallace looks off to me. Melo should have no problem scoring at least 20 tomorrow. I just don't think his team will win though.
Rezo201::Tyson Chandler 8.5 rpg 28.6 minutes Reggie Evans 7.5 rpg in 18.1 minutes
megdali::So sad these can't exams can't take out the scrub Nets we always take care of them in miami its never a close game
megdali::These teams I mean
KEVALYZA::king of new york black and white
Nebula29x::l____i\__O   Me after
KEVALYZA::lets go nets lets kill the Manhattan knicks  derron gonna kill felton joe johnson gonna drop 30
Crooklynism::somebody better get into a scuffle tomorrow, make this a real rivalry.  My money is on Evans and SHeed !! lol
Rezo201::14 boards in 23 minutes is Dennis Rodman in his prime type of stuff.
nba is the worst::38th in the league in rpg
CBass1317::If he played like Rodman, he would be a starter and all-star .... idiot.
nba is the worst::Agreed he leads all in reb/min
DD7DD77::he has the highest rebounding rate in the league
Rezo201::That's total rebounds you idiot, he's a bench player. How many starters are there again? Over 150? I think 38th is incredible.
ImpulsDilijan::Everyone, dislike this video; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISnhNch4ypI&amp;list=UUVHFpp4WiXCNBTWF0dcmHbA&amp;index=1&amp;feature=plcp
Crooklynism::I hit 'like'
YinBallaz::Nuff trash talk. See who brings home the W tomorrow.
Heat Fan Since 1866::Deron Williams with 4 blocks? That's gotta be a career high.
Mets2410::it is
nba is the worst::Nets aren't even favored tomorrow at home
megdali::Lol Knicks is trash the nets are as well but Knicks just shoot threes
nickbrown737::I'm not trying to take anything away from the knicks it was a good season opening win but D.a.mn Im just not sure how you could be excited about that win if you watched how poorly the heat played.
nickbrown737::I understand that but did you watch the heat knicks game? Me and my sister could have beaten the heat that night.
djny2k12::It's a going to be a fun matchup...both teams are good. Most of this decade Nets have owned the Knicks until the past couple of years so the talent has been uneven for quite some time. We'll finally see two good teams go at it!
nickbrown737::How can you compare getting blown out by the heat with getting blown out by the rockets?
nba is the worst::what other team besides the heat have both teams played? I'm comparing the knicks blowing out the heat to the nets getting blown out by the heat, silly
NetsSense95::Knick fans GTFO this page. #Brookyn We coming in hard tomorrow.
Sonic_speed1::Reggie Evans is a beast on the boards
davidwanglikesitbig::deron williams 3 blocks in first quarter
thekola::alright, i gotta go. great W today and CAN'T WAIT for tomorrow night. Monday 7PM tomorrow cant come quickly enough.
abdiraxman79::the battle of obese pg's fatboy felton vs doughboy deron......
spcoon::wow. you'd get smoked by both of them.
abdiraxman79::both are unstoppable at a buffet
XvarriorX::what?
NYGIANTSbigbootysmasher136::They gotta stop puttin these Net games on sunday man i forget there even on lol but nice win though lets kill the Knicks tommorow night
vikings1590::A win is a win,but Portland was without LA, which makes a huge difference.
spcoon::as we were without wallace the other night. it's how the NBA works.
nba is the worst::KNICKS 4TH TOUGHEST STRENGTH OF SCHEDULE, NETS 11TH:  http://espn.go.com/nba/stats/rpi
nba is the worst::In this site, 5th and 15th: http://www.teamrankings.com/nba/ranking/strength-of-schedule-by-team
NYGIANTSbigbootysmasher136::we will see tommorow
NYCSPORTSFAN23::After tomorrow game NETS we will be tied for first HELLO BROOKLYNNN!!!!
thekola::knick fans understabaly scared so theyre on here trying to talk up their team with that horrible D. i dont recall going on the knicks board after tehy beat up on a crappy pistons team (while still giving up 100 BTW)
Rezo201::They have been doing it all season, they are THREATENED, yet act the like the Nets are irrelevant. We'll see how irrelevant the Nets are when they hear the brooooooooklyn chants all night tomorrow.
NYChe21::Its pretty serious.  They can't stay off this board.  Imagine what New JERSEY Nets fans would have been saying about the Knicks when Kidd was leading the Nets to the Eastern Division Championship.  Knicks fans would have shut off their internet.
nba is the worst::12 GAMES - this is still the early season, silly!
thekola::i'd be scared too. they cant stop anybody anymore.
nba is the worst::ha ha - even if the Nets get the home win tomorrow, the teams will be tied.  Nets already lost at home once...
davidwanglikesitbig::deron williams defensive player of the year
Dreamshakers 101::lol :D
Rezo201::I wouldn't go that far. lol
BKNets12345::Knicks suck
nba is the worst::yet ahead of the nets
thekola::I mean, Chandler Parsons or whatever his name is just ripped your team apart for like 37 and you wanna claim you have a good defense?? that's laughable.
nba is the worst::1 bad game - and Parsons is good
thekola::did the rockets have 130 against the heat?? LOL
nba is the worst::he had 25 vs the heat too
thekola::im sure the knicks and their fans think he's an all star after the way he embarssed their team. LOL
s-murphy17::@nba is the worst  i'd rather get blown out by the heat than blown out by the rockets
NYCSPORTSFAN23::after tomorrow game  we will be tied for first HELLO BROOKLYNNN!!!!
nba is the worst::Would you rather be 8-4 than 9-3?
nba is the worst::that makes you a loser
s-murphy17::8-4
NYCSPORTSFAN23::Cant wait to see all the Bandwagon knicks fan on the boards tomorrow after Brooklyn Wins!!
Rezo201::Knicks 95.4 ppg allowed Nets 91.5 ppg allowed.
BJSaxMan93::Let's be honest here, the Heat literally gave that game to the Knicks
2524thomas::Wow..a lot of tuff talk from the Net faithful...lets bring on Monday
nba is the worst::Knicks 9-3, Nets 8-4  Knicks 104, Heat 84 Heat 103 , Nets 73
nba is the worst::Err - there's only been 12 games - IT'S ALL EARLY SEASON
thekola::way to focus on games from early in the season. at present, knicks cant stop a d league team from scoring. now they wanna come into the barclays?? please.
thekola::no way a team that gives up 130 to the rockets and then 100at home  to the crappy pistons can be considered a good D
oneandonlybabe::Off to wait and see if Eli remembers what a QB is supposed to do.
Td4mvp3::even the heat know the heat cant beat the spurs in a 7 game series....
Td4mvp3::spurs are the best the NBA has to offer....
oneandonlybabe::Ok I can already see tomorrow there's going to be an all out war... I must be the only person who likes both Knicks and Nets. Crazy I know.
nba is the worst::Nets have most of their wins coming vs weaker teams - Clippers was the best win.  Knicks have had a tougher schedule so far
nickbrown737::nba is the worst.. how can you compare getting blown out by the heat and getting blown out by the rockets?
rabs9218::knicks are lucky with 3pt shots nets have better center
thekola::knicks just got embarrased by the rockets
nba is the worst::thekola - knicks just got embarrased by the rockets  Nets got embarrased by the heat, that the knicks blew out by 20
s-murphy17::knicks suck
