brooklynnets7::BIG WIN NETS!
sources says::Tyshawn Taylor &gt; Dwont in 3 yrs.
ThaDestroyer23::Damn.. David West and Paul George combine for 12 points on 3-for-21 shooting and we still only lose by 5.  I'm not usually one for moral victories, but it seems like the outcome could have been a lot worse for the blue &amp; gold.
brooklynnets7::you got a lot out of some Pendagraph kid so that makes up for West. For George, he got into a lot of foul trouble and Gerald Wallace shut the kid down so it really was a big loss for you guys
Taco with a Q::I wouldnt say a big loss...I was disappointed we lost but the fact that other Pacers stepped up is a good sign, Pacers should of won but didnt.  We really need to learn how to play down the stretch
ejflor::David West really gave that game away personally yesterday.  Horrible possessions down the stretch.
yellowdart24::I guess you can take the view that the Pacers have done much better than expected without Granger and are in the race for a possible 2 seed but more realistically for the division. You would have to assume they only get better with Granger out there.
jimmy188710::Great game but these are the types of games we need Granger
uconn1511::Huge win for the Nets
Clueless Heat Fan::pacers r a joke they wont get out of the 1st round in the plyaoffs
Taco with a Q::Pacers will be fine!!!  We'll get out of the first round
yellowdart24::At this point I would probably have to agree. Pacers don't match up well with the Knicks, Nets, and Hawks and chances are they will face the Nets or Hawks in the playoffs.
DWoe23::last night definetely proved two things...1. they need granger back 2. they needed a 3 pointer threat.
ksuwildcats00::the nets arent even pistols in the league
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Hopefully this took enough out of BKN so they can lose to Denver next!
BJSaxMan93::lol why are you hating?
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Ugly A.ss game by George! Just when he was starting to be considered a star, or at least the 4th best SF in the League.
Devinhuelsmann::Gallo &gt; George
Taco with a Q::Dude is only 22, Dont tell me Kobe at a young age had a bad game or two right?
tgreeson80::Yeah, this was his forst bad game since December out west...they all have them, especially young stars...
mdtuzo::look folks lopez isnt going anywhere... when we gave this guy the max, some people started laughing at us. now were supposedly looking to deal him haha
Blake Griffins Off Hand::If the Nets give up Lopez GG on first round exit...He's pretty much the reason why this team isn't floating below .500. Even when his game is off he starts to look at defense way more. I think the Nets should really look at Milsap rather than Josh Smith. Milsap will bring what Josh Smith does to a way lesser degree but he'll probably be more prepared to sacrifice for a playoff run. I say make it a 4 team trade involving Hawk, Utah, Nets, and Bobcats.   http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=bf6suo9
Chi_Town_Everything::Utah doesn't make this deal because there is probably no way that Josh would resign there.
Blake Griffins Off Hand::They are going into rebuilding mode regardless. They will lose their two big men but they will get MarShon Brooks and Tyrus Thomas. I say they should do it regardless.
I LIKE TO TOUCH MYSELF::does anyone else like touching themselves? or is it just me
RNYC::Blatche, Brooks, Humphries and a 1st rounder for j smoove
Chi_Town_Everything::I doubt ATL wants to tie up the large amount of cap space they are about to have on two overpaid PF's
brooklynnets7::Blatche makes veteran's minimum. If that's overpaid, then look at Boozer's PF contract.
AJE356::You played a tough game against the Raps recently too Pacers; nothing to be ashamed of here. I still think TH chucking the rookie Jonas V to the ground was a punk move though
RNYC::Bk finally gets a win. joe Johnson 6/17. Unbelieveable
Taco with a Q::Pacers fan here....If the Nets give up Lopez...you guys WILL downgrade!!  Lopez is the reason why you guys are 2-0 against us!   Unless you get so much back I wouldnt deal Lopez!!  I would take him over Hibbert anyday
Robert40622::the Nets r invsted in Lopez, im confident billy king wud deal our Center away
SPGCPA::there is ZERO CHANCE of them trading Lopez...None....nada....zero....unless the Heat offer LeBron, or OKC offers Durant, Lopez is as close to an untouchable as there is in the league...
jdizzy1982::Nets need to demote Mirza to the D-League  to get himself more acclimated
Rexanilatorz::Vogel needs to remind the team that the All-Star Break doesn't begin until Thursday
yellowdart24::These last two games have really put all excitement in this team to a dead stop...
DWoe23::i agree, they have had stupid turnovers, horrible play calling on offense, poor clock management, and even Vogal has dropped the ball on personnel on the court at certain times.
airicad::Smith just doesn't make sense for the Nets.  They'd have to get rid of Lopez (Hawks will not take scraps or picks because they want to win next year), their all-star and most consistent scoring option all season, which just isn't a good trade for them.  It would also mean that Wallace's defensive prowess will become virtually useless since he would come off the bench and Blatche would have to start at center.
airicad::Hump, Marshon, and a pick = no deal
SPGCPA::they are not trading Lopez......for anyone on Atlanta's roster...rumor has it that it will be Hump, Marshon and a pick.....there are about 6-8 players in the league you even consider trading Lopez for...Smith isn't one of them..
jdizzy1982::Tyshawn Taylor  Trade Chip
Taco with a Q::Sure glad everyone else in the East lost as well,  Bulls, Bucks, Celtics
yellowdart24::To me that looks like a blown opportunity.
DWoe23::Things will get better with Granger. your going from a Sam Young or a Gerald Green to a 17 to 20 PPG guy. Things are looking bright for the Pacers, even after these uncalled for losses. David West is to blame for Friday and while David was hurt and not playing well Monday, it was the coaches fault for not substituting.
yellowdart24::True and I would like to be optimistic and look at the schedule for the next 5 games and see 4 home games against the Bobcats, Knicks, Pistons, and GS and the only road game against the Pistons but... after these last two games, the Pacers might not finish higher than a 6th seed.
DWoe23::but a breath of relief at the fact that those 3 teams didnt gain ground on us while we are playing horrible basketball on our HOME court
Thedevil25::This was a big win.  Especially with Denver coming in before the All Star break.
airicad::If Iguodala plays, Denver should win the game handily.  Joe Johnson and Deron Williams will go a combined 11 for 30, or something like that.
Robert40622::deron is out
Taco with a Q::Denver is hot right now
Thedevil25::i know.  They have the ability to make a deep run in the playoffs
airicad::BREAKING NEWS: The Hawks have agreed to trade Josh Smith for Joe Johnson, straight up.
Taco with a Q::If I was a Nets fan, I would NOT want to see Lopez go
jdizzy1982::Blatche,Brooks and Hump and 1st round picks for Smith
jdizzy1982::but i would hate to see him go
jdizzy1982::Brook Lopez would be a great swap
jdizzy1982::hawks are looking for a young stud center
airicad::And the Nets aren't trading Lopez
airicad::But seriously, the Nets have no pieces to give up for a high-value commodity like Smoove.
jdizzy1982::nice!
Taco with a Q::I wouldnt mind seeing Pendergraph seeing more minutes if he can keep up what he did
Archie Mannings Backup Dog::HOLY SH.IT THE NETS HAVE BEATEN INDY 2 STRAIGHT TIMES
jdizzy1982::Brooklyn We Go Hard!
jdizzy1982::yup
jdizzy1982::you will not see the same players on the Nets u saw tonight  come playoff time
Taco with a Q::Trades you mean?
Taco with a Q::sh.it happens!  Although I really think the Pacers would beat the Nets in a seven game series.   Two of the Pacers top scorers were held to 12 points combined and still took the Nets an OT to win.  Im not counting out the Nets at all cause they have a good squad.  But the Pacers are better than what they showed tonight
jdizzy1982::Nets owned Pacers since the Smits  days
jdizzy1982::dats right betta remember that
Taco with a Q::George and West had really bad games, I cant beleive the Pacers had even a chance and pushed it into OT....But my God I really thought we had this one
jdizzy1982::Tyshawn Taylor  G.O.A.T
Taco with a Q::I went to this game and this left a bitter taste in my mouth, so did the Raps game.  I hope to God we beat the Bobcats Wed
Rexanilatorz::We should be able to rebound on Wednesday since it is against the Bobcats would like to see a 90 to 100 point game with Danny Granger getting some minutes off the bench and about a 15 to 20 point win would set a great tone heading into the All-Star Break.
Rexanilatorz::Yeah I feel like no one got into a rhythm because we were so focused on trying to get Roy Hibbert going in the 1st QTR so no one else really took shots then of course David West getting poked in the eye really affected the rotations
Taco with a Q::This was by far the worst game by West as a Pacer.  This year at least
Rexanilatorz::Wow I guess David West eye injury was worse than I thought he apparently was having a hard time seeing out of it and played the 2nd half with basically one eye
DWoe23::poor decision by the coach, West was struggling out there and he refused to sub him out, especially when Pendergraph showed surprising skill.
JorgeJorge24::Nets should trade     D.Will for Jeremy Lin...     so they could get   1 - media attention...   2 - space cap...   3 - majority of NY fans   4 - young for rebuilding   5 - Asian market   6 - better play maker PG     and lots more,   and the Rockets are one of few teams that could take DWill contract.     --     Lin s contract is 8,3 mil and DWill 20 mill /year.     Lots of space for 4 or 5 good and young players.     Or other superstar.     --     the Rockets are so confortable with their Cap Space,     that even with DWill, they can get other superstar!     It is a win win situation.     The Rockets even are not on Eastern conference!     And DWill had said already he needs a foot surgery on the offseason.
airicad::Don't overread into this game.  West and George had complete off nights.  Granger is coming back on Wednesday.  Move onto the next one.
The_JTrain_2000::If paul George is your best player  You're gunna have a bad time
SPGCPA::LMAO....any player other than Brook Lopez...maybe....
kyledcox1::As is David West.
kyledcox1::He's better than any player on the Nets.
kyledcox1::Seriously though, how many of you were Nets fans last year?
SPGCPA::Nets fan here who attended their very first game in teh Teaneck Armory...1967.....season ticket holder for 27 of those years...attended over 1,100 Nets games.
tabom33::Paul George = way overrated by pacer fans.  5 points tonight on 1-10 shooting, nuff said.
SPGCPA::silly...I'd love to have Paul George on teh Nets....
tgreeson80::Classy reply, as I would love to trade the entire Pacer frontcourt for Brook Lopez lol.  Hibbert is the worst offensive center in the league...imagine if he were average on the offensive end, Pacers would be great.
Taco with a Q::GTFO troll
kyledcox1::This was his first bad game since December. Don't be ignorant. There's a reason he made the All-Star team.
Eric Forman.::Good to hear Tyshawn Taylor played well. Also good to hear Carl Erskine did the national anthem.
WellUmmDurr::Pretty obvious Kris Humphries is on the way out.  Only 5 min of playing time tonight.
winnumber101::Don't worry Paul George
puhleez_ho::denver is gonna wipe the floor with these scrubs tomorrow.
mdtuzo::tyshawn taylor 34 minutes?! wow! but its good to get a win tonight, stop the bleeding a little
NYChe21::Lopez&gt;&gt;&gt;Hibbert
SPGCPA::Lopez as good as any center in the NBA "THIS YEAR"...
tgreeson80::He is a stud, and you will get no dispute from any rational Pacer fan that this is true.  He is a stud.
Taco with a Q::NO Pacer fans will deny that
Mcfly_2015::back to back OT losses. brutal
Rezo201::Can we start TT over CJ? Please and thanks.
The_JTrain_2000::hey Rezo how did you end up matching up with memphis?
-cha cha cha chia-::They just throw anyone into all star games these days...
hoops 112hoping::?
Boss3boy::LOL
yankeemichael11::THAT'S IT FOR THE POSTGAME GOOD NIGHT EVERYBODY HAWII FIVE-O IS ON TONIGHT!
yankeemichael11::NETS 8-1 WHEN LOPEZ SCORES 24+
_DespicableMe_::Seems like they go to him mostly in the 1st, then get away from it.   No reason the offense shouldn't through him the entite game. Especially with a banged up DWill.
thekola::lopez should get touches AT LEAST every other possession
Le-Goat::Looks like the Pacers already peaked
thekola::hump for ben gordon would be good for the nets.
joeman1146::I Love The Dikembe Mutombo Geico Insurance Commercial!!!!!!!!
