jameswirl::Even with all the excitement in denver, Mark Kiszla has to be pessimistic  and negative In His writing for the Denver post. Way to support the success of our Nuggets, Mark!!!
LeftBaseline::If this team continues to trend up and turn into real title contenders by the time Melo becomes a FA. Would Melo look to sign a team friendly contract and join the Nuggets for a title run? Wouldn't that be poetic justice and would be hilarious to see how Knick fans react now that they see the Denver Thugget project currently unfolding in front of their eyes. Cause everyone knows Melo is not going to beat Lebron and the Heat. Unless he joins them...
Dtravieso::no no and no for every party involved. put me in the part that wishes Melo well, but we recognized him for what he was before he left and what NY got was precisely that.  NY has the true Melo with his greatness and many faults as a player. They have that and their delusions of grandeur
SouthStander132::No way in hell the Nuggets would take Melo back.
onlyavoice57::Why Isn't Anyone Comparing The Denver Streak To The Clippers 17 Game Streak Where it Seems More Realistic. The Heat Are Just Toying With This Streak, Where As Denver Doesn't Have That Capability &amp; Have to Play Hard To Get A Win.
KColorado88::Haha they are toying and don't have to play hard to get a win? The heat is lucky its schedule is so easy, they've gotten a couple of bad calls in their favor, and have had to come back multiple times against teams under .500. That's not toying, that's luck.
cavallone1964::Nuggets winning streak more impressive than the Heat based on the schedule as well as the personnel on the Nuggets versus LBJ/Wade for the Heat.  Nuggets built through shrewd moves; Heat built through the collusion of three players.
climb171::KFaried Beasting &gt; James
Mirage3227::A one game win streak to close out the season is all I want!
Mirage3227::Of course! I've been a Nugget fan since 1975 :)
twistedpickle::If you are talking about the Nuggets, I can get behind that.
BurnabyJoeFan::So hyped about our Nuggets.  This is an amazing run and I'm optimistic for the playoffs.  But common Nuggets fans, enough comparing our streak to the Heat's.  while I think we could be competitive with them in the finals (if we could really put together that type of run), they are clearly the best team in the NBA. They are making history right now, that doesn't take away from us, so quit saying things that make us seem an ignorant fan base.
jameswirl::There IS no other current streak to compare it to-BurnabyJoeFan=Mark Kiszla
splitcms::I strongly disagree about the nuggets not being able to hang with them. Miami is good and experienced but they have flaws. They are last in the league or close to last in rebounding (absolutely terrible at rebounding the ball) while the nuggets are 2nd in the league. The Heat have no bench at all while the Nuggets bench is easily the best or one of the best in the league. Would be a 6-7 game series if they played.
twistedpickle::Yeah, and the Nuggets are a poor at shooting free throws. Go back and look at the Nuggets record this year. They could have easily had five more wins. If they don't shoot better from the line, they will make a quick exit in the playoffs.
phattybumbum::Is Carmelo a nuggets fan?
SouthStander132::OUCH!
jayeteee::Only if they start serving Honey Nut Cheerios at the training table.
climb171::KFaried beasting......putting Nuggets on his back for almost another triple double.....owning the Seattle Kings............BEASTING
Rory McIlroy Wisdom Teeth::Ohh god..!!
climb171::?
Substanser::Being a western team on a 16 game W-streak &gt; eastern team on a 20+ game W-streak.
SuthernDandy::Heat have also beaten 6 of the 7 East playoff teams. And the East has been the weaker conference for decades. How many teams in either conference have won 25 in a row?
Mirage3227::Win streaks are great, I just want Denver to one day be the team to win the last game in the NBA season and I don't care if it is just a one game win streak.
Substanser::It's not to be swept under the rug that the east has a couple more weak teams to gather free wins from.
SuthernDandy::Okay, which would mean that that the quality of the wins would cancel out, and so we'd be left with the quantity of wins to use to determine which streak was greater. And since the Heat have won more...
jayeteee::How cute, a Spurs fan sticking up for the Heat.
phattybumbum::So has Denver.
SuthernDandy::The Heat have beaten 5 of the 8 top seeds in the West during their streak.
jjtorres83::Andre Miller slows the game down, and the Nuggets seem to respond better when their 1 is pushing the ball. Andre also has atrocious defense, and so the ball doesn't get defended well at the beginning of sets when he is in the game. You could see it last night when Joulyan Stone came in and gave them a huge push (defends really well and pushed the ball).
KColorado88::*ty
KColorado88::Yeah the combination of both try and Andre is part of what makes them so good.
SouthStander132::Not disagreeing with you two at all.  But Andre also has the cool head - settles the kids down when he needs to.  And no one sees the floor better than he does.  He has his weaknesses, but the team wouldn't be where they are without him.
Mirage3227::Yeah Andre is a good fill and a great passer but he does not give the Nuggets the spark Ty does. He is a good defender usually but his age starts to show when playing as many minutes as he has had to the last couple of games.
69durango::Wow, no Lakers talk.  Has hell frozen over?  GO NUGS!!!!!!!!!
twistedpickle::Why did you bring them up? A pox on your house.
YesSirYes::15 Chicken Nuggets......
SuthernDandy::They don't have any elite talent, and they have a choking dog for a coach. This is an impressive run, but they're still not good enough to compete with OKC/SAS/LAC come playoff time.
KColorado88::You make a decent argument but its yet to be proven. When we had Carmelo and Iverson on the team we still didn't make it far so I don't think your opinion has much backing it. If a team plays well, they play well. And for the nuggets that's when multiple players step up and have good games. I think their success will depend on both their starters and bench stepping up and having good games
jameswirl::Time will tell, Grasshopper.
broncs1979::Lawson, iggy are elite talents and then you go about 6 deep from there that are above average talent=wins
leon sandcastles69::Sad thing is that you're right to some degree, Nuggets haven't done anything yet, but I honestly think this year will be different.
colfan84::Teams have had all year to figure out the nuggets. There is no secret in their game plan.
SuthernDandy::NBA teams are often game planning for multiple opponents at the same time. You can't spend a week getting ready for one team like you can in the NFL. The Nuggets style and the fact that don't really rely on any of angle player on offense can make them difficult to plan for, especially when you're getting relatively few full practices. Once you get to the playoffs, teams can focus on what they do and develop countermeasures. Once that happens, its going to go to the Nuggets, talent to get them through. And in that area, they're lacking.
Frankcee78::Somebody's drinking that Haterade ...!?
SuthernDandy::I don't hate The Nuggets. Like most folks, I hadn't really thought about them since Melo left.
SuthernDandy::Congratulations. None of those were playoff games. Playoffs are a different animal. The Nuggets are a gimmick team, and if give good teams a week to focus on the Nuggets, they'll get figured out. And they don't have any players good enough to carry them once their opponents have figured them out.
SuthernDandy::Yeah, probably. Congrats on the win streak though.
Rory McIlroy Wisdom Teeth::You are right. Nuggets will be first round exit..!!
SuthernDandy::Not irrelevant, but just a different context. Denver doesn't have any elite talent, and you need elite talent to compete for a title in the NBA. History proves this. The Nuggets best player is Lawson, and the Spurs, Clippers and Thunder all have better players at that position.
Rory McIlroy Wisdom Teeth::You have no argument. You said none of those were playoff games. So that means everything you do in the regular season is irrelevant?
SuthernDandy::Strong argument. You really showed me.
Rory McIlroy Wisdom Teeth::Either you are dumb or an idiot..!!
Frankcee78::What a moron .
Rory McIlroy Wisdom Teeth::Did you really say Clippers?
huskers0717::Umm 9-4 against said teams.
huskers0717::And include Memphis in that as well.
phattybumbum::Im happy the nuggets are winning but I am also happy GK got on them for not playing hard.  New Orleans is a trap game.  The nuggets need to get used to seeing other teams at their best trying to break the streak.
twistedpickle::Ty should be back for the New Orleans game.
JayCutlerMVP2009::Bulls should have ended this streak
leon sandcastles69::lmao bulls fan still crying? shouldn't you all be worrying about your bulls being one and done in the playoffs?
chocolate-bay4-3::too bad noah got caught cheating.
Audi1228::You want some wine with that cheese?
BroncosLions::9-4 against the other top four playoff teams in the Western Conference, yet Kurt Landis says we are a pretender. What a jack@$$
Frankcee78::Who cares?
leon sandcastles69::Bad thing is its not "Kurt Landis", its Kurt Rambis....
Frankcee78::That guy is a laker what do you think he is gonna say !
Dorosy225::LOL @ Carmelo.
VanGundyGoneHipster::Props to the the Nuggets on their streak, from a Heat fan.
BroncosLions::Props to your streak!
Rhutagher::ESPN thinks this streak is weak and not impressive.   ESPN still thinks the Heat's streak is the most impressive ever.
nhraven5200::To be fair, Miami has the best player and a 25 game streak going.I think Denvers is equally impressive.
Mike91836::ESPN is as clueless as all the Cheat slurping nut huggers. It ain't over til the fat lady sings.
PAGUY1955::who died and made ESPN the Bible of sports.
nhraven5200::Crazy to have two teams on long winning streaks at the same time.
PAGUY1955::Grizzlies center Marc Gasol out indefinitely with abdominal tear 3/23/13 could this help keep the 3rd seed?????
diehardnr1::Once again I am amazed at the number of Heat "fans" that feel the need to troll on contenders boards... Lighten up and go back where you belong! I mean, you guys are allowed to build a SuperStar team, You get to play in the lEast, your stars get coddled by the refs, and finally...you have a 25 game streak going.... YET you still feel the need to beat your chests! amazing....I just think they are afraid...  Trolling Heat fans are like the guy that asks you to lend them $20...and then tells you to roll them over and put it in their pocket!
diehardnr1::GG Kings! Almost took advantage of another off game by DEN.  ps...can we have Cousins?  Whew! Again!  Not sure what it is with this Nuggets team when they get a double digit lead vs a team they should blow out.  You can almost see them relax and start coasting....a kind of "we can go on a run when we need to" attitude prevails.  HINT: A team cannot win in the playoffs without a honed killer instinct.  I STILL do not see that on a consistent basis! Frustrating and a bit worrisome...streak or no...  Nice to see Stone back! He gave some good minutes and will be a good backup for Ty when Dre hangs em up.  AnRand is also improving the more he plays.  Also nice to see Gallo back (well...kinda back) to his old ways...still a little too indecisive for my taste though. Kudos to Karl for calling the team on their attitude...hopefully it will sink in before playoffs.  All in all...A win is a win is a win! Ugly or not!  GO NUGGETS!!!
charlie hustle bets the over::no way we want cousins.  Dude is an absolute monster but has ZERO hustle, plus his cry baby attitude is a very real thing.
Katy5936::Go Nuggets!!!!!! And the streak continues        http://DenverNuggets15reasonsToLoveThem.qr.net/espnblogging
HisAirNessNo23::as a bulls and NBA FAN FIRST im loving this. Its nice to see the heat win 25 but VERY NICE to see denver get some good things going since melo left. You guys DESERVE this. CHERISH it and use it as a tool to help you play well in the playoffs. DONT LET UP. :)
Ilovedagames::15 in a row.. now people are really taking notice, impressive Denver! The WC is gonna have a time dealing with these guys come the playoffs. (OKC, SA)
Juan37453::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
meganjane1003::I'm just curious about the Ty situation.  Karl is making him suit up despite the "injury."  Ends his press conference about players not getting a rest.  Keeping Ty from sitting on the couch with a blunt?
diehardnr1::He wants him 100% for SanAn... DEN should have had NO problem with the Kings.  I am sure he was tired of being told "but I am tired" every time he brings up attitude.
Juan37453::watch this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
Juan37453::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
Juan37453::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
loveablelosermilehigh::The nuggets we talking bout the nuggets.#melowho
MikeP1084::LBJ comes in for a dunk JT could have moved but tried to contest it knowing he couldn't.... front page story... why the NBA sucks
Jedi_Mind_Meld::and yet you're here commenting on it. Hypocrite much?
diehardnr1::lol...and on a Nuggets-Kings board no less...
MikeP1084::more impressive then the Heat
HisAirNessNo23::ok, this is where fans go from loyal to STUPID. How is this more impressive? the heat are DEFENDING CHAMPS....they are TARGETS. cut the BS out NOW.
dgarner32::The nuggets streak is not more impressive than the heats streak. That's just dumb.
black_floyd::I got thyme for anything this season.
erikr715::LMAO....'homonyms be all hard n $@%!'....lol
jimmyb6281::Aint no body got tyme fo dat.
black_floyd::But not quite impressive when it comes to knowing whether to use "then" or "than."
sportsreality::Remember the Patriots when they were undefeated a few years ago.  Everyone predicted them to win their last game and have a perfect season, but along came the Giants.  Nothing's promised.  We all know that the NBA really helps their pet teams, but surprises do happen.
domenico.ja::Hell, I don't remember anyone bad mouthing the Heat at all. Mostly people are saying the East sucks. All I am saying is to not hand the Heat the title just heat. Play the games at least.
domenico.ja::I don't recall anyone saying they would get dominated.
ddotderek::East is pretty bad...no denying that. but NY &amp; Bos on given night can play with the best of em
carlitovv88::The East is bad but come playoff time we all know that Boston will be at their best, and honetly as a Heat fan I love these games when players are mad at each other. I dont think NY is a good enough team to beat Boston  or Miami in 7
sportsreality::Not NY.  Since December, they haven't played any good teams well.  They started out playing well when they beat the Spurs and the Heat, but they haven't beat any winning teams since then, and Boston hasn't been playing well either.  NY is like a .500 team since December.
domenico.ja::Don't feed the trolls. I think they might have a couple of more losses, and you have to admit, the East is really really bad.
ddotderek::On the Heat games comment section people say they would have 20+ losses
ddotderek::Miami Heat are 12-3 vs the top 8 Western Conference Teams that are currently seeded 1 through 8. 5-0 vs the top 3. I'm sick of hearing how the Heat would get dominated in the West.
Broccoli Choppers::then go to the heat thread to talk about the heat
domenico.ja::I like the Heat, I thought the Pick up of Chris Anderson and Ray Allen was Genius. I don't know how the Nuggets will finish the season, but I am excited for the future. The Nuggets are learning to win close games and games they have always lost in the past. Especially while Melo was here. I like the team as currently constructed and hopefully they will be even better next year.
jimmyb6281::Man nuggets probably got the best deal out of melo comparing with all the superstars traded in the last couple years.
domenico.ja::Much like the Heat learned to do last year. Plus the Nuggets are young.
Shareef1987::domenico.ja - The Heat would not have reeled off 25 straight wins playing as a Western Conference team. They have been getting fat off the East which might be the worst group of teams in a conference this season as any that has played in the NBA.  They are just plain bad! --------------------------- Miami is 23-5 against the West and 31-9 against the East but don't let facts get in the way.
ddotderek::12-3 vs current west playoff teams
domenico.ja::I am glad we won't face the Wizards in the playoffs, they would sweep the Nuggets.
domenico.ja::Point taken. The East is bad though.
robert3711::they have also have at least one win against every team in the west. there are west teams that have not beat every team in the east at least once
Jumeax::Denver also have a better record against the West than East Funnily enough, this board is for a denver Game vs another western conference team
sportsreality::The Heat are the exception.  The only exception.  But Lebron is also the exception.
Shareef1987::Oh and 5-0 against Spurs, Nuggs, and Thunder.
Ron Erick::fire keith dumb
ddotderek::Heat still beat Lakers, Thunder, Clippers, Memphis and Houston during the streak, all domination games except the Memphis. They crushed everyone else. They beat Denver twice this season and SA once although SA rested their starters that game. What more do you want from them? The real test will be the SA game next week, If the Heat blow them out at home, everyone should just shut up.
domenico.ja::I am not saying that the Heat will not win it all this year, but keep in mind the Heat are dead last in rebounding in the league. The Nuggets are third, Grizz are 11th, and OKC, is sixth. I think the front lines in the West might give the Heat some issues. Spurs are remarkably 22, and I think this will be their downfall in the Western Conference playoffs as well. Particularly if the meet the Grizz in the playoffs.
domenico.ja::If the Nuggets played the Heat in the Finals math at would be sick.
ddotderek::#2 in 3pt PCT and #3 in Opponent FG Percentage...they play solid defense so the rebounding stat isn't as significant
domenico.ja::I could see that point. Kinda of like the Nuggets getting penalized for giving up 101.1 points a game and having the 25th ranked defense in the league. This is in part due to the pace the Nuggets play at, giving both teams more possessions.
robert3711::in the playoff scoring will go down and offense will run at a slower pace
ddotderek::robert3711 true story. They are #1 in FG PCT in the entire NBA
robert3711::that is kind of deciving because when you shoot 60 percent from the field less rebounds to get
rayzars::Offensive rebounds are a small % of most teams rebounds anyway so that's slightly negligible.
airicad::I want to point out that Iggy, despite poor shooting, held Tyreke Evans to only 4 points.  We're talking about a guy who went 8 of 11 in the game right before this one.  Then Coach Smart got frustrated and brought in Marcus Thornton, who on cue, threw up brick after brick, which is basically how the Nuggets won this game.
domenico.ja::Well I am all for the opposing coaches throwing games to help the Nuggets playoff seeding. Lmao.
howdythur::nuggs are dangerous though for real
kcowling20::George needs to shut his mouth. Wilson and Ty need to be ready for the playoffs. No sense in rushing back. Yeah, we need home court, but don't risk anything further.
Rory McIlroy Wisdom Teeth::We need HCA before everything so we need everybody in order to win games...!!
howdythur::i also have balanced nuggets
denverman1993::not the first time I've heard this believe it or not.
Rory McIlroy Wisdom Teeth::Good win Nuggets boys. Pelicans here we come..!!
Rory McIlroy Wisdom Teeth::Karl blasted TY. I think TY will play after Karl comments..!!
psiq104::Karl wants fire from TY that's all he loves TY and is just pushing buttons when Lawson is heated hes unstoppable
domenico.ja::When did that happen?
Rory McIlroy Wisdom Teeth::In his post game conference..!
kcowling20::k
kyleharris55::Nicely done kcowling20
