michiganwolverine777::Haha thought the jazz had it by 30? What happened?!
ut_jazz06::A Billups flop
tyronefl483::The Cippers and Lions are now good enough to generate a backlash. Keep doing what you're doing.
ustna::Word...
Soonerhopeful1::Don't hate on the Lakers fans for being little  jealous of Clippers : this  is a big transition for Lakers fans.  Never have they been the " Have not"   team of L.A.  ! big change.
Resident_Guido::2005-2006 was like this too, but to a lesser degree. Jack Nicholson even jumped ship and was at Clippers playoff games while the Lakers were "gone fishing."
skeptic_of_skeletons::No he isn't blkmex, but you sure are.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::U sir are an idiot then... lol
wakeforest9669::Chirs Paul for MVP doh
skeptic_of_skeletons::The Clippers have been the laughing stock of the league for as long as anyone can remember. And for the first time in decades they have a decent team and are fun to watch. It amazes me how many people are hating on them, especially the Laker fans. I actually find it extremely amusing.
Road dog Red::MUST WATCH TV
gunkata::First win in 2003, that's nothing.  Check out the last time the Warriors won in San Antonio.  I think Clinton was still president!
ipw10361::http://nolaborpainsjustthebaby.blogspot.com/2012/02/mailbag.html  interesting read
otm4life::ESPN's constant and insane promotion of the Clippers is ridiculous.  I thought the Clippers were going to be a team I could cheer for this year (being from San Diego), but I just can't.  Can't stand that they annoint the Clippers as West champs before they've won a meaningful game.  Can't stand that they get every call (Stern really wants an LA team in the Finals).  Can't stand the way Griffin cries to the refs after every trip down the court.  Can't stand that ESPN gave them the preseason nickname of "Lob City" when "Flop City" would be more fitting.  They'll lose in the first round of the playoffs and CP3 will be gone the first chance he gets.
Soonerhopeful1::Sounds like the poster  " Otm4life" is a closet Lakers fan, and trying to move  up; but is just to lakerized to move...Stay a Lakers fan and get your pay back losses this season...!   Only Lakers fans speak of " flops "... your post is a " flop " in my opinion..!
skeptic_of_skeletons::ESPN promotes the Clippers to intentionally drive OTM crazy. It looks like it is working.
Resident_Guido::Most exciting team, most exciting player, best dunker, best point guard, best shot blocker and best 6thman makes for a ton of highlights. ESPN covers basketball. They relay the highlights to the masses.   If you want them to promote the Charlotte Bobcats every night then you must not like exciting plays and exciting players.
r8rdixie5::But yeah, you're entitled to your own biased opinion.
r8rdixie5::You don't know much about the sport though.  ESPN has far from given them the Western Champ spot (though highlights the Clippers do bring, hence more coverage) They don't get every call? How can you really justify that. Griffin may be prone to flopping, but every solid team has a flopper (Manu and Pau/Fisher come to mind) And ESPN NEVER came up with the nickname Lob City. Griffin said that when he heard Paul was signed, then tried to retract it later.
n8n8n888::C'mon Utah.  Free throws, 3 point shooting cost this game.  Gotta make those, especially the free throws.  No excuses.
RenQuist28::The Clippers and Warriors are the only two teams which haven't played at least 20 games so far. In fact most are teams have played in the mid-twenties. Pretty easy to sustain this type of record when they are well rested and their opponents are all worn out. Their schedule will catch up with them soon enough.
r8rdixie5::Like Resident_Guido said. They obviously haven't played a condensed schedule yet and that WILL catch up to them...but you can hardly hold that against them considering the teams they have beaten, and the fact they will only get BETTER with more time due to lack of true team chemistry right now
Resident_Guido::Clippers have had the toughest schedule so far. Their SOS is .580! Whine all you want, but they've beaten all of the so called "elite" teams in they've played with the exception of Chicago who they lost to (the second game of the season) before they knew what the hell they were doing.   http://espn.go.com/nba/hollinger/powerrankings/_/sort/sos
muncieplumbers::the Clips start a 6 game roadtrip after tonights Denver game, which will be a tough test
Birdmann._.::They are young they don't care.  Their record isn't that great either
Clipshow07::Yes it will, they will be playing 20 out of 30 in March and if they don't get some scorers besides Mo to come off the bench then I agree the schedule will catch up to them.
RenQuist28::They need to flip some of that guard depth for some depth at the 4 and 5
ejdomingo::Griffin is the biggest Flopper in the league.  The Refs will change that call come playoff time.
r8rdixie5::Haters call it a flop, others call it a smart defensive play.
Resident_Guido::You can't take a charge without falling. What are you suppose to do? It was a clutch defensive play just like the ones Derek Fisher makes all of the time. Dude had 3 blocks last night too. That's 11 over his last 4 games. He's becoming a legit defender. Taking charges is part of defending.
Birdmann._.::Taking a charge is considered a flop?
Antsea91::It is when you completely over-exaggerate contact. Cp3 has been teaching him well.
sly86921::you are right. He did flop. But as much as it was a flop, it was a charge. Blake held his position, feet were planted, and the Utah players (I think it was milsap?) put is shoulder right into him to move him out of the way. A flop-sure. A charge - yes.
Clipshow07::For the Clips to do some real damage in the playoffs, they are going to need a better bench:  They need a backup center. Solomon Jones is the worst player to come into the league in years. I do not know how this guys even sees one second of playing time. They also need either a PF or SF who can come in defend AND score. Mo $ is our only guy that can score off the bench. Even though we barely won last night, it is evident our weakness is lack of depth on the bench. If any one of our starters can't go in the playoffs we are in trouble.
muncieplumbers::I agree that a SF/PF that can core off the bench would be big... perhaps a Tyler Hansbrough or Maybe a JJ Hickson or something like that might be interesting.  Not sure who they can get without giving away too much.  Kenyon is a great addition but he duplicates the skills the Reggie Evans offers and Evans has been fabulous.
muncieplumbers::right.  Mo has been terrific.
Clipshow07::I totally agree, I don't want Kenyon, I like your Hansborough or Hickson suggestions. And if we have to give up Mo$ to get anyone than the trade would be dumb and defeat the purpose of needing bench scoring.
D-Rose_Garden::CP3 wishes he could be as good as D Rose. $@%! the Clippers. $@%! CP3. $@%! Blake. This team won't do $@%! in the playoffs. Overrated. When Howard comes to the Bulls you will see the best PG big man combo of all time. $@%! all.
Resident_Guido::D-Rose wishes he could run an P-N-R half as good as Chris Paul. LOL
Birdmann._.::Rose is not a point guard anyways.  If you consider him a point guard he is one of the worst in the league
RenQuist28::Bulls aren't getting Howard.
muncieplumbers::The bulls have some issues do deal with before they can take the ring.  They just got pasted by Philly... and thats without Philly's center... While Rose is absolutely phenomenal, the Clips are more versatile across all starting positions.  Bulls have better bench at this point, but that may change in the coming weeks as the Clips add to their bench
Clipshow07::You are a piece of garbage. I hope you choke on a chicken wing while watching DRose score 50.
Clipshow07::Easy D-Rose. I respect D-Rose and he is awesome. The Bulls are a good  team. So are the Clips. You need to learn some RESPECT guy.
D-Rose_Garden::$@%! you, I liked my own comment.
_Jay25::Im a Laker fan, but the Clips are legit, they have highlight plays, best PG in the game, veteran who has won a ring (Billups), good bench, and now the best PG big man combo of the decade. I love to watch them play, but i can't wait to see them in the playoffs, its a whole different game. You can't be doing the same plays in the post against the same team in a 7 game series.
Resident_Guido::By time the playoffs come, they'll be better than they are now. They're getting a little better each game. Even the coaching staff is still figuring out rotations and lineups and CP3 and Billups are still figuring out where to get the ball to the bigs.   Don't forget Caron Butler who was out last night, he's been rock solid all season long.
Kyrie Irving....ROY::Obviously a Cavs fan but I'm rooting for the Clippers.  Hope Mo can get his ring. I feel like they can do it.
iTzDiRkFoR3::Kyrie is a tank, hes doin work this year... love watchin him
JeannieGoldWeddingPlanner::Has CP3 actually won anything at any level? Dude talks A TON...
Resident_Guido::Look how good he's making the Clippers. They're 2 in the West now. He's winning over the City of LA. He's 26 still in his prime, he has plenty of time to "win something."
muncieplumbers::there are many great players in the NBA that havent won anything... it takes a quality team... one guy can't do it...
Mattdawg835::Ask yourself this question dummy, He's played for lil' Wake Forest, New Orleans and the Clippers.....just saying...think about it before you make a stupid comment
machuwbacca35::what are you talking about?
jbergs01::The clips need to get rid of chauncey billups. He is so bad these days but still thinks he's Mr. Big shot
Resident_Guido::He's the on-floor-coach. Dude is tough as nails too. Doesn't put up with shat and keeps everyone in check. Plus he's a solid defender and has already made a game winning shot this season.
sly86921::i think Mo will start to get more minutes than Billups along with when Bledsoe is healthy. Billups will be in at the end of games tho. Get old these days or not, he is pretty clutch down the stretch. Take some minutes off him so he isnt tired come the 4th qtr and playoff time.
_Jay25::He is the veteran leader there... Come playoffs.
Mattdawg835::Mr. Big Shot made clutch FT's last night
MeatTruckBMilligan::BLAKE GRIFFIN IS A TOTAL BEAST!!
gojazzgojazz::balke griffin has surpised dirk as the whiningest player in the league.
muncieplumbers::Ty Corbin is doing a nice job in Utah.  I always liked that guy
Mattdawg835::Chris Paul was sensational...MVP!!! and the Clippers will be 2012 NBA Champions
Clipshow07::I would like to challenge anyone to name a team with more quality wins that the Clippers have right now:  Miami Portland Lakers Dallas Grizzlies Denver on road Thunder Utah on road  Thanks, you can't.
Roxnostalgia::Both sides are missing the point that you've played way more games at home than on the road.  And nobody struggles on the road traditionally like the Jazz.
Clipshow07::I totally respect Utah, they are a great young team. They have some good wins, but at this point no as many quality wins as Clips.
Mattdawg835::The hawks are not contenders and yes the Clippers have beat down all the GOOD teams
CothRock::Living in Utah has shown me the reality of Jazz fans. Not giving credit where it's due. The Clipps are a quality team, so are the Jazz.
JAHQUAN3::The Jazz have just about the same amount of quality wins. We beat Memphis, Denver, Clippers, Sixers, Portland, and Bucks. Our win against the Clippers was without CP3 but we won by 29pts. So Clippers haven't done anything special being that they are apart of the Hype machine
r8rdixie5::Your list has the Bucks. What a joke.  Who by the way the Clips have beaten, there just was no point in listing them,.
Mattdawg835::Yea, but you have not beat Miami, Dallas, Okl St. or LA Lakers
Tonymojo3::The Atlanta Hawks
threetimechamp210::Hold your horses, they haven't beaten the Spurs.  Remember this: Dec 28  Spurs 115 Paper Clips 90
Mattdawg835::wait until Spurs come to Staples Center and CP3 plays this time....
Clipshow07::Waiting for you to come up with a team with more quality wins....I know who they haven't beat....a lot of teams haven't beat others........
Clipshow07::Clips have to be arguably playing the best basketball in the league right now. Blake Griffin is a monster and CP3 is an assassin!   Bring on the haters!!!! The more haters the better we get!!!!!!!!!! BRING ON THE HATE!!!!
Phideauxe::Sheesh - let us enjoy the Clips winning some games for once. Your Spurms aren't gonna win it all either.
threetimechamp210::What you know about hate? This is the first season the paper clips have even been recognized. No one is hating on them, they just havent won anything and the regular season is not the NBA FInals, you know, the games that really matter where the winning team gets a trophy and gets to be called a champion. You've seen it on tv haven't you?
threetimechamp210::Ok racist, dont forget that you like a team made up of 98% black players!
Clipshow07::"What you know about hate?" Thanks for the ebonics lesson.
threetimechamp210::Ok donkey, enjoy the regular season!
Clipshow07::Nobody is claiming they have won anything yet donkey. READ MY POST, it said we are playing the best basketball RIGHT NOW. NOTHING MORE.  And nobody is hating??? Blake Griffin single handedly turned half of American men into whining crying little babies all from one monstrous THROWDOWN......"WWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAA it wasn't a dunk...WAAAAAAAAAAA"
Jacoby_Ellsbury34::Great game
threetimechamp210::How many LA geeks have left their Kobe 24 in their closet and put on a Clippers jersey/shirt cause of the hype?
JAHQUAN3::Is it just me or was the celebration at the end of the game a bit much? Really hugging on floor huddling in middle of court jumping around etc. They beat the Jazz for god sake in a reg season game. Bush league if you ask me.
RammerJammerYellaHammer68::for the first time in 9 years!
JAHQUAN3::I guess its acceptable now
threetimechamp210::That "block" Griffin had on Hayward of the Jazz came up on top 5 plays but that was definitely a blocking foul by the offensive player then hayward tried to score then after the contact Blake came from behind and "blocked" the shot after Hayward got fouled. The refs swallowed the whistle cause Stern said so!!
Resident_Guido::Griffin gets hacked everytime he's within a foot of the rim. Whine all you want.
2noodlekaboodle::What about the "block" griffen got where he grabbed the damn rim. That is illegal, ref's missed it. Also Hayward was hacked 4 or 5 times going to the rim with no call. The refs were TERRIBLE in this game.
Resident_Guido::Yeah Stern speed dialed that mofo right on the spot. I saw him pick up his phone and "Swallow his whistle". You've got issues homey.
sly86921::if u watched the game. The refs were bad all game for both teams. Paul and williams got hacked plenty of times, along with hayward, and no fouls were called. The NBA refs are ridiculous these days. Not just because its the clippers
Clipshow07::Yeah, you just keep telling yourself that to make you feel better.........(psychotic!).
r8rdixie5::You can't prove yourself right either.
threetimechamp210::You didnt prove me wrong.
BridgerThePackersFan::clips are the dumbest team in the west, they really need to make a kindergarten inside clips court
Clipshow07::You just proved you belong in kindergarten with that comment clown. Thanks.
Ghettovolcom::this kid serious..? they have smart veterans and the greatest PG in the game named CP3
Joeschmo loves Heat::If Clips can improve their away game then I will have no problem placing them in the WCF with OKC.
ustna::Neil Olshey should/will win Exec of the Year. It's really a no-brainer.
bagua40::I'm beginning to think the Clippers got a much better deal from The Trade than I had originally thought.  Maybe giving up Gordon (hurt), Kaman (in limbo and not showing himself alive this season) and Aminu (not progressing, not a factor) wasn't so much to pay after all for a player like CP.  If he stays healthy himself, CP is paying BIG dividends.
muncieplumbers::the coveted Minnesota draft pick is also looking less valuable to New Orleans because of how well the Timberwolves are playing.  Its not looking like the lottery pick they had hoped for
cob1099::clippers should bow down to stern for the trade.
Hoser173::Exciting game.  Too bad we came up short.  Even as  a Jazz fan, Clips sure are fun to watch now.  One bone to pick though.  Griffin is an absolute beast, but he ruins it for me when he flops  like a little girl.  The rest of his game is so vicious, and then to see him bail out like that just ruins the mystique. Other than that, you guys have become one of my favorite teams to watch outside of the Jazz.  Great game.  See you guys next game.
bagua40::No way.  We got them, and we're keeping them.
Hoser173::P.S.  Any chance we can get Mo Williams back?...if not, how about Billups?
kholief::How about Mo for one of your Bigs
spam_bot_5O00::SPAM BOT DOES NOT NEED SLEEP.    SPAM BOT IS A ROBOT
spam_bot_5O00::SPAM BOT DOES NOT NEED SLEEP.    SPAM BOT IS A ROBOT
spam_bot_5O00::SPAM BOT DOES NOT NEED SLEEP.    SPAM BOT IS A ROBOT
spam_bot_5O00::SPAM BOT DOES NOT NEED SLEEP.    SPAM BOT IS A ROBOT
spam_bot_5O00::SPAM BOT DOES NOT NEED SLEEP.    SPAM BOT IS A ROBOT
spam_bot_5O00::SPAM BOT DOES NOT NEED SLEEP.    SPAM BOT IS A ROBOT
spam_bot_5O00::SPAM BOT DOES NOT NEED SLEEP.    SPAM BOT IS A ROBOT
spam_bot_5O00::SPAM BOT DOES NOT NEED SLEEP.    SPAM BOT IS A ROBOT
spam_bot_5O00::SPAM BOT DOES NOT NEED SLEEP.    SPAM BOT IS A ROBOT
b0xhead69::sleep also calls...  fun for a bit there....
doonmcv::who doesn't have a job
spam_bot_5O00::SPAM BOT DOES NOT NEED SLEEP.  SPAM BOT IS A ROBOT
Hair Clippers LA::Time to go. Peace.
spam_bot_5O00::SORRY GUYS I HAD TO POOP.   WUTS GOIN ON HUR?
Meet Pope Tebow::bed time
spam_bot_5O00::SORRY GUYS I HAD TO POOP.   WUTS GOIN ON HUR?
Hair Clippers LA:::\
spam_bot_5O00::SORRY GUYS I HAD TO POOP.   WUTS GOIN ON HUR?
spam_bot_5O00::SORRY GUYS I HAD TO POOP.   WUTS GOIN ON HUR?
spam_bot_5O00::SORRY GUYS I HAD TO POOP.   WUTS GOIN ON HUR?
spam_bot_5O00::SORRY GUYS I HAD TO POOP.   WUTS GOIN ON HUR?
spam_bot_5O00::SORRY GUYS I HAD TO POOP.   WUTS GOIN ON HUR?
spam_bot_5O00::SORRY GUYS I HAD TO POOP.   WUTS GOIN ON HUR?
