Bill Ryan::kobe is not playing so Lakers could win this game......
Michael Paris::Ha, they have a better chance.
Jake Gibbs::Why isn't Milwaukee playing Utah on Christmas. That's the only matchup the nation wants to watch.
Austin Sanderson::Guaranteed triple double by LeBron! 29 points, 12 rebounds, and 10 flops!
Sky Robinson::It could be a quadruple double if they only called him for traveling.
Joe Reith::Hate much? How bout those two alleys? Yea, gtfoh!
Sky Robinson::I'm only joking on my part. I fully respect Lebron.
Alan Ogg::Wade such a great guy, stopped to give autographs to fans in an away game...  What would Kobe do in this same scenario? Look straight forward and keep walking into the locker room
Richard Thaxton::How do you know?
Daichi Hanaoka::Kobe would rape a fan on his way to the locker room
Alan Ogg::Richard Thaxton because he walks straight to the locker room after every game... sometimes bfore the games over
Alan Ogg::it's funny when lakers fans boo and talk trash on lebron james, yet are the first ones to say "wach 2014, Lebron coming to LA!"  hahahah
Julie Price::He's a "choke artist" and a "quitter" yet the Lakers fans hope they get him lol
David Glass::Something tells me Julie knows all about the choke....hers happens in her "profession" as well.
Peter Vrouhas::Excuse Julies comment, she's a disgruntled Cavalier fan still stuck in the mud
Alan Ogg::"mommy mommy we have a lead on the Miami heat.. does that mean we are world champions!?"  -typical 12 year old lakers 'fan' from Alabama
Su Yu::smart kid
Rob Horton::LOL....Miamis is horrible.
Alan Ogg::Rob Horton says a guy from MN? lmao!
Jody George Prats::I wish I was LeBron  --Kobe
Gino Foggia::Why would someone wish to be lower then what he is? KObe #2 GOAT
Giannis Berbeis::Gino Foggia its easier to get full stat sheets when you are 6.13 and 290 pounds muscling up midgets.kobe actually has to try in his current form
David Glass::Gianni's and Gino's combined IQ= 12. 9 of those belong to Gino.
Stay Focused::Great Christmas present for all the Laker fans. Getting blown out by Miami.
Nag Rich-Boi Wonder::Amen brotha :D
Ryan West Lombardi::Yes it is a nice Xmas present for us. We get to see Lebron and his championship team compete against our Lakers. The fact is we all won't know the final score until the game is over....we have hope it's a competitive game...Merry Xmas!
Cody Perin::Wow. Rude Miami fans. With the exception of Indiana, all of the Heats loses have came against subpar competition, like the Lakers. Miami has lost to some pretty bad teams this year. Chicago, Philly, Detroit, Boston and Brooklyn....... Every single one of those teams have losing records... Will Miami probably win, I'd say so... But be humble. Don't be a d-bag....
Steven Rivera::Should've been MIA vs Portland
George Jimas::why? no one knew portland would be playing this well.
Steven Rivera::George Jimas This game couldve been flix right after Thanksgiving if the league was smart. Portland was playing great since the start of the season
Eboni Clay::No one knew portland would be good but everyone knew pacers would be elite so nba disrespected the pacers. Good or bad, lakers will always play on christmas.
Alec Gonzalez::Heat 112 Lakers 89
Joe Reith::Yea like the lakers will score that much: heat 121 lakers 80
Kyle Miller::Joe Reith Yeah, like the Lakers will score that much.  Heat 127 Lakers 65
Adam Youman::Joe Reith ummm guess what. lakers scored that much. and more
Alan Ogg::HAHAHAHAH 3 missed layups= sums up lakers season  lebron DUNK and hanging on the rim= sums up championship 3x
William Cutting::LeBron has  2 rings
Adam Youman::William Cutting shhhh just let him feel significant
Alan Ogg::William Cutting 2 rings. you have 0.
MiQuel Carniel::Best part of the game Nick Young schooling Lebron James in the 3rd quarter
Alan Ogg::best part of the game was the W the heat got...
Rico Perez::Alan Ogg And the golden shower that Chris Bosh gave you afterwards
Angelo GB::Nick Young's three at the end of 3rd, with Lebron's miss right after. I thought that was embarassing.
Steve Harrison::That was classless of Lebron, hanging on the rim for 8 seconds. And the fact that the fefs didn't call him for a technical foul for hanging on the rim, is one of the most corrupt calls I've seen in a long time. If any other player in the NBA does that, he gets a technical.
Giannis Berbeis::Well classless is a very accurate description of Lebron
Steven Christian Shaw::really, 8 seconds?  So in those 8 seconds the Lakers didn't try to inbounds the ball for an easy score on the other end or hit LBJ with the ball while he was hanging?  GTFO.
Steve Harrison::Steven Christian Shaw what does that have to do with anything? Lakers called a timeout. But that doesn't change the fact that hanging on the rim for an excessively long time is a technical foul, unless you're trying to protect yourself, which LeBron obviously wasn't trying to do.
Andreo Miller::I'm kinda glad the pacers didn't play on Christmas. The sleeves made NBA players look like they play basketball in their pajamas.
Jay Wahl::Yep.. And who needs to see Lebron give PG another bear hug? We all know who the best team in the East actually is.
Andreo Miller::Jay Wahl The best team is the one who have the #1 seed.
Jay Wahl::Andreo Miller  ??? Thanks for pointing that out??
Micah Robinson::Personally it should have been Heat vs OKC or SAS. LeBron vs Durant is always a good match up to see and The Heat vs The Spurs in a finals rematch would be great as well. Even if Kobe was playing, The Lakers don't match up at all with MIA. It was pointless to make this game the main attraction regardless if Kobe was playing or not.
Fisher Peyton Overstreet::It's simply because everyone wants to see Kobe vs LeBron. It's human instinct to want to see the two best go at it.
Shanny Salcedo::Fisher Peyton Overstreet KD>Kobe
Micah Robinson::Fisher Peyton Overstreet I understand why, but it's still a team game. In the end The Lakers as a team is no where near close to Miami as far as talent and skills go. One is competing for a championship, the other for 8th seed in the playoffs. Give me 2 championship contenders and against each other and ratings will be high.
Travis Pavich::No way Miami wins this game. Not even close. Wesley Johnson is better than James and Wade combined. Lakers 136. Miami 65.  Typical Laker Fans
Alan Ogg::" i love being a lakers fan, because no matter what my teams always win"  -Lakers/Ravens/Red Sox/Blackhawks fan from Los Angeles
Travis Pavich::The Los Angeles Lakers will win the 2014 NBA championship. Guaranteed. You see, some of my gang buddies and I traveled to Washington DC to meet with David Stern. We were also packing some serious heat. We met with Stern to ask why he wasn't letting the Lakers win. He said he wanted more diversity. I explained the Lakers were the greatest ever. After some back and fourth, he admitted he was wrong. Since he is leaving Feb 1st, we met with Adam Silver. He agreed. He also said the Lakers would get Chris Paul since Stern screwed up, we would get LeBron James and Carmelo Anthony, that the league would stop intentionally causing the Lakers injuries, will grant us the top 5 picks in this years draft, will make it to where we will be the only team with unlimited spending money without the tax penalties, and will pay the refs to favor us ...in every single game. He couldn't guarantee undefeated seasons, but after having a conversation with my buddies, who were pissed off about that one, we agreed we were getting one hell of a deal. So mark it up chumps. Guaranteed NBA champions 2014-2030 the LOS ANGELES LAKERS. In fact he also promised we would beat the heat 148-56. He also promised he would intentionally hurt LeBron James. Yeah baby. Lakers all day. Greatest player ever in Kobe, the next Shaq in Sacre, the next Durant in Kelly, the next Stockton-Nash-Paul-Magic hybrid in Marshall, and the next Malone-McHale-Barkely in Hill.   Typical Laker Fans.  I can't stand the Lakers, hate their fans even more, which is why I pretend to be a fan and post bogus stuff!See More
Lee Buntoum::You wonder why you're in a community college.
Shannon Morgan::Lee Buntoum Be nice, better to be in community college than car jacking someone. On the other hand Travis has lost his ever loving mind.
Ryan West Lombardi::and merry xmas to you
Neel Patel::Who else sees Kobe sitting on the bench and not clapping for his teammates...this guy is scum...the team plays better without him and he doesn't want everyone to realize that...too late you kobe, everyone already knows...can't wait till this guy retires
Marcus Steinbauer::I was about to post the same thing. He is sitting there in an Armani jacket for a photo op. He could at least put on a Lakers cap and cheer his teammates on, high five them as they come to the bench...
Eboni Clay::Thats the first time you noticed that???? He coaches them on sideline and locker room, pau and nick young has told media that many times
Rico Perez::Eboni Clay They just say that because they don't want to be traded. They're part of the PR team.
Alan Ogg::LA fans are trash. Most of them became Clippers fans.  LA sucks in general.
Jonathan James Bresnihan::You suck ALL AROUND punk.
Alan Ogg::Jonathan James Bresnihan enoy paying $6 a gallon for gas and stuck in traffic on the 405, loser!
Eboni Clay::Lakers all day baby!!
Alan Ogg::Heat played like Crap and still won... haha  Heat 2014 champs.
Shawn Armstrong::Concentrate on getting peoples orders right
Alan Ogg::Shawn Armstrong says the guy with a dog as his default pic
Rico Perez::Alan Ogg  hey, dogs are cute.
Julie Price::Heat played like crap. It only takes a C game to beat the Lakers.
Angelo GB::It was basically a Championship team vs a D League + average players team.
Mark Smith::Exactly imagine if the HEAT played their A game the Fakers would have lost by 50..
Angelo GB::Mark Smith Haha. nahh I expected a total blowout, but now I will never assume that since they let a scrub team fight back. Too bad the Heat doesn't care. Shoulda been SA/pacers Vs Mia in Miami for xmas
Dakota Mckenzie::Gino your a joke.... LOL Such a laker fanboy
Rico Perez::Dakota Mckenzie, You're funny, such Chris Bosh/Jason Collin's Love Child
Dakota Mckenzie::^.... Did you insult me? I honestly can't tell lol
Rico Perez::Dakota Mckenzie  naw dude, if you're the love child of Jason Collins and Chris Bosh, just appreciate it and be bless'd
Shanny Salcedo::1 year ago these teams were supposed to meet in the Finals.....LOL Hilarious
Jody George Prats::The Grinch is wearing #6 and he's in LA to deliver the pain.
Rico Perez::Well, Bad Santa is at your girlfriend's house, and he's gonna bring the pain! BlackMamba4thewin!
