Max::Great finish for Lin & DMo, fantastic start for Jones, and great all around play from Parsons and Harden.  It was a tough night for the Rockets, but especially for Casspi...the Grizzles with or without Gasol are just a physically tough team.  ZeBo, T. Allen, Miller, Koufos, and Johnson are a tough bunch.  I'm glad the Rockets never gave up...they had a lot of reasons to but they hung in there.  However, I don't think they would have won if Gasol was able to play.
Anthony::After a big win at San Antonio, the Houston players should feel a little bit tired. That is why they did not play play too well for the first three quarters but they did come around in the fourth quarter and won the game. As a Rocket's fan. I don't complain, I am very happy for the team. Hope they will come up  with another win on Saturday against OK.
C.Jin::Just goes to show that you should watch the game all the way through before complaining. I knew Houston would come right back. Harden still scored 20+ points on 2 shots, T-Jones picked up the starting lineup's slack, and Lin sparked a comeback after starting poorly. Good stuff.
William::Houston play badly this game not because they were tired, these men are  pros an  they can handle the occasional back to back or the league wouldnt have schedule them. they play badly because they went away from what they did the night before, giving up ball movement for Harden's ball hogging,   Also it is difficult to show  any highlights of Harden s play in this game since it would just be him at the free throw line .
Rodney::What happened to the Texas Hurricane?  Too much eggnog?
Anthony::Lin has room to improve. He should play more physical defense and improve his TO rating. then he will be a super PG. To-nite, he did a good job, he helped the team to win the game just at the critical time.
Ron L::Rockets looking tired in the first half but played fantastic BB in the second half that was sparked by Lin's 2 3's.  Harden getting 27 pts from 2 of 9 shooting was incredible to watch in how he always seems to find a way to get to the free throw line.  Lin's defense is looking good as he held Mike Conley to 4-14 shooting. Overall, a very exciting game to watch.
Frank::After this game,just Lin said it was a ugly dirty game.It was true that I saw the Grizz players had attacked person instead of playing ball.I think referees must to watck and judge that seriously.
GoodLuck::Patrick Beverly is Harden's ball boy. Plain and simple. That's the way McFail likes it. Period, end of story.
William::Can't wait to see Yahoo post game write up about this game, yesterday Harden had 11 fourth quarter points and they praised him like he was  the guy born on christmas 2013 years ago, Lin had 14 fourth quarter points today in "helping"  team cameback, wonder how much tribute they will pay to him.
