Seskatchewan::Rebounding may be the determining factor in this game. Heat have no bigs, and Lakers do. Interesting matchup!
LordKastle::Avery Bradley is a much better defender than Kobe Bryant (if the position being guarded is Guard)
lakersfann1990::the lakers couldnt even beat so called "scrub teams" i thought remeber ?
Thats why I got LifeAlert::LOL the Lakers when 2 straight, and now their playoff bound. Hope you feel good about beating 2 scrub teams.
Black_Hiiippy::*they're
Black_Hiiippy::*win
Trespayne::Kobe Bryant scored 31, then went home and raped 6 women.
gmskking::Very good game, Lakers.   Keep doing this.
NuthinButSweat::So what, the Heat are coming to town.. just another group of guys that WE need to beat.
uncallday252::Waiting for tomorrow night to see Kobe and Lebron. Lebron is going to drop 4o pts tomorrow against the Lakers and posterize Howard.
KingLBJ236::Lakers may beat the heat because the heat have been on the road this week and will play GS tonight...but then again Lebron will prob drop 30-10-10 just to continue to ruin the lakers season.
CarlyJoni::Heat may be bored tomorrow and just play to the level of their competition.  Don't get any false hopes up, Laker fans.
NuthinButSweat::That's a convenient way of explaining their way out of a loss.  I'm calling the Nation by 11 - send the Heat(less) home spiraling..
NuthinButSweat::you're out of your mind.  21-6-8 at best tomorrow for #6 of the Heat
KingLouieSwag24::He not going to put up those numbers with Dwight in the paint!
KingLouieSwag24::Look at Jennings stats from last night. This is how Kobe needs to play defense every night .
AJONEZ50::I firmly believe if Kobe won three more championships, he would still be the most hated superstar in NBA history.
JulianJ21::no, not even close
KingLBJ236::lebron has by far been more scrutinized the last two season then Kobe has ever been...maybe any athlete in any sport ever.
Corvo Attano::howard got 31 and 16 against larry sanders and mbah a moute.  what a beast!
ChrisLA2010::i'm diggin' Kobe's defensive effort as of late.... at 34 yrs old, kyrie irving and b jennings are no easy task, and Kobe locked them down for the most part... Jennings even said that was the best defensive effort he's ever encountered.... good stuff Kobe, keep it up!!  and hopefully the Lakers can keep up this intensity, they're gunna need every bit of it with Mia coming in tomorrow. GO LAKERS!
KYfan2320::I know Jodie Meeks has been struggling shooting but his minutes have dropped like crazy. 6 minutes the game before and 2 minutes this game. Any thoughts?
Voss voss::And thats the reason We won the last to games.
KYfan2320::Might be the best solution.
Defy Shady::Package him with Gasol and get pieces.
Defy Shady::Lakers 108 Heat 95  Tommorow Night  Lakers Rebounds 50+  Heat Rebounds 2
KingLouieSwag24::Biased opinion ^
KingLBJ236::Lakers 8th seed and best and not making Finals...  Heat 2nd seed at worst and making Finals.
Chris31708::....
B-Rye721::You already posted this bro, go Lakers!!
Corvo Attano::Lakers are done.  beating a couple of lowly east teams will not change my mind.
lalatorre87::yeah i wonder why bucks will go to playoffs
Salt Creek949::Any other team in the NBA to have 3 different coaches and a new roster would have zero pressure. Everyone thinks their Chris Broussard and have mind-boggling opinions. Let the season play out like it does. I doubt any fans of the Lakers are clicking on the next Knicks or Heat link and instantly bashing the team and criticizing the players. Kobe's gotten better, hasn't lost a step. He gained a step. You can say he's a ball hog or chucks up shots, but any coach and fan would want Kobe on their team. Instant offense and determination.  What happened to Allen Iverson, Tracy McGrady, Vince Carter, oh and Wade. We watched them come n' go. But Kobe's still the best player in the world.
CoolDaddyPapa::who is Chris Broussard???
Chris31708::How come Dwightmare can't put up big numbers against teams like the Knicks? You know, a <b>good</b> frontcourt team.  And before you bring up the "injury" crap, last year the Knicks played the Magic 3 times, 2 of the 3 Magic games were before Dwight got injured. Look them up.
B-Rye721::So now you're being critical of how he scores? Ya Lebron sucks because he bullies his way to the basket, points are points, come on man.
Yungdubz27::He would be Alzono Mourning pretty much.
Chris31708::If Dwight played with the Center's back when the Center position meant something he'd get eaten alive.  Center position today=Joke  Him barely averaging 20 PPG in weak competition is completely mind boggling.
B-Rye721::I have to agree with Yung, allowing a guy to shoot 57% is far from shutting him down.
Yungdubz27::True...but his reb numbers and blocks are pretty much the same. He not taking him completely out of the game and his FG % is around his avg. Chandler plays him better then most guys though.
Chris31708::What do you expect? Most of his points come from putbacks and alley oops. It's not like he's an offensively skilled player or something.
B-Rye721::I went back too far haha, man he smoked the Knicks in 2011, let him get healthy and we will see what happens.
Yungdubz27::He was in foul trouble that whole series...I think he avg 28mins that series
Chris31708::Dwight also only averaged 9.8 against Charlotte in the 2010 playoffs.  Fact is against great frontcourts he's very inconsistent.
Yungdubz27::in 2011 with Chandler on the Mavs he had a 20 20 game and 23 and 13...all on 57% shooting.
Chris31708::That was a different Knicks roster.  -_-
Yungdubz27::Dwight avg 15ppg and 13rpg 57% shooting against Tyson Chandler in his career...not good scoring numbers but he still gets his
Voss voss::You guys just don't get it. What Chris is trying to say is if you ignore all stats except the single one he's referring to, Chris is right.   That's heat fan logic, I've heard it before...
Yungdubz27::The FG% plays a key role...we all know his Orlando roster was a shoot happy rosters...very often they wouldn't pass him the ball opting to shoot instead. I know what you saying...he should avg more points. but he has had some great games against Tyson Chandler...one thing I look at his Chandler avg 7pts 7reb a game when guarding Howard...his numbers go way down but he does shoot 62%.
Chris31708::Don't look at the FG%, look at his PPG average. That's below his average.
Yungdubz27::How is he getting exposed when he puts up 15points on 57% shooting? Chandler isn't shutting down his FG%
Chris31708::He's supposed to "get his", the fact is against a good defensive Center he gets exposed.
B-Rye721::I looked it up. In a loss Howard had 29 and 18, and in a Win he had 30 and 16 with 5 blocks.  Your an idiot
Chris31708::What in the $@%! are you talking bout?  2011-12 season   1st game:Dwight had 8 2nd game: Dwight had 12 3rd game: Dwight had 8  Magic won the 1st game, lost the other 2  You're the $@%!$@% idiot son.  By the way, it's <b>you're</b>, not your, you must be the idiot because you can't even spell <b>you're</b> right.
Demoted::Tyson Chandler is one of the top defensive centers in the league.
tebrina::Thats what i'm talking about. D12 manned up. He needs to bring it every night like that 16 rbs and 31 pts. now thats the star weve waited for
Chris31708::He didn't "man up", Milwaukee's frontcourt is terrible.
lifan36::Lakers need to trade Pau.  That guy is a total liability on both end of the floor.  If not then keep him on the bench or amnesty him.
Demoted::Ive been saying bench him since late 2009 early 2010, when we still had Odom &amp; the speed dynamic of our bench tapered off...  Now i'll say the same thing, with Earl Clark providing the elements this team lacked (hustle, athleticism, and not demanding touches) Dantoni is risking chemistry if he starts Pau again.
CubicleJohn::D-league? Until he puts on the big boy pants
JCDish::Kobe's new defensive game plan to improve team offensive game plan list:  Game vs Bucks: Stop Brandon Jennings - Check :) Game vs Heat: Stop Lebron James ... good luck with that ...
SparkDillas::Earl Clark will probably get some time against LeBron.
Yungdubz27::I'm sure Metta will be guarding Lebron and Kobe will be on Wade.
Corvo Attano::everytime it looks like the lakers are picking up the pieces, they play a good team and it all falls back down.
Demoted::offensive?
Corvo Attano::Lakers won 2 in row?  Say it aint so!
CubicleJohn::Dynasty!
Corvo Attano::Destiny!
highly debatable with extra sauce::Since when is a 16pt victory a romp?...Oh snit...looks like we got a title contender!!!...  Haha...get out of here ESPN...Lakers just played two very weak teams...  "Hail the Lakers"  -Espn reporters
BoomShaka.::OK Kids, it's been fun.  Off to Myammuh
BlkMexMamba_CantGetRidOfMe::they need to play like this all the time
sources says::only if they play the Bucks all the time
Devonte Gray::I still don't understand why they won't trade Pau.... Am I the only one who see's how obvious of a move that is?
Demoted::ANDREA BARGNANI
Devonte Gray::I don't know who that's why I said at least let other teams know. You never know, ya know? He's still a good player. Just under the wrong system. He also is lacking confidence. I think a move would be best for both parties.
Devonte Gray::Either another PF or some bench depth.. Let GMs know he's available for the right offer.
BoomShaka.::Again, who?  It's easy to say "trade him" but actually making it happen is another story -- especially when he's hurt and still has a lot of money left.  His value will never be lower than it is right now.  My guess is he won't go anywhere until the offseason.  Next year is the last year of his contract, making it easier to move, and they have a few dozen games left this year to show that he's healthy and can be productive if used properly.
BoomShaka.::Trade him to whom and for what?
Lebrons the best2012::2 game winning streak ha
kbensk::one game losin streak
kbensk::better than losing to the Jazz
Lebrons the best2012::i guess being under .500 is better
kbensk::If Howard keeps playing this well, watch out. Lakers could make a run
sternshot44::Earl Clark fits into the starting role better then gasol, he doesnt demand touches he is willing to just be a hustle player, rebound and take the occasional shot. bring gasol off the bench to relieve howard and add some more consistency to the bench and he can get his touches then
BoomShaka.::Honestly?  I think I'd prefer to see Clark off the bench where he can match up against the other teams' scrubs.   You can always keep him in at the end of games if he's playing well.
WiltAbdulShaNeal::Pau would look better against other teams scrubs, this way he can force a match up problem against them, balance the floor, receive the touches he needs in the post, and stop being on the other end of all those Blake Griffin highlight dunks!
kbensk::agree. The starting five right now seem to have some good chemistry. Gasol coming back might just mess everything up.
Corvo Attano::lolakers
ZinBayArea::Lakers should package Gasol, Metta and Nash.    Push them off a pier somewhere...
nba is the worst::Lakers just have to get over .500 in the next couple of weeks and go from there.  When's the next 5 games against the Cavs again?
Demoted::hahaha
BoomShaka.::Yeah, it's just the Bucks, but we'll take it.  The way things have been going, I'm just glad nobody got hurt in the layup line.
BAMAISKING::Even though the Lakers wins came against non contenders....it is just good to get on winning streak and get that feelingback.....it was a good thing.....and I do no think it is impossible, given this teams current nucleous, for them to go a historic run......will be tuff withthe competition in the west but it is possible.
Bryan05096::We are not playing tonight , But you can bend over, the Heat are going down.
smokeysaj::How is TNT going to get away with broadcasting a rape, live on national TV, when the Lakers bend over tomorrow?
ZinBayArea::They figure Kobe has it coming...
Bryan05096::Pau needs to go, maybe we can get some youth and more speed.
BoomShaka.::Yeah, but not until the offseason -- his value is as low as it will ever be.  Not gonna hurt to wait until he has less money on his contract.  And if they get knocked out of the playoffs, they can feed him the ball and pump up his numbers a bit;  he's still a 7 footer so fools will bite.
BAMAISKING::I agree, he has been dead weight for now three years
Corvo Attano::congrats to the lakers.  they beat the bucks.
dunkin57::kgkgkgkkgkgkg
dunkin57::Gasol needs to come off of the bench when he gets back! The  2nd team sucks and needs a solid player if they are to have any effect at all!~! Besides, D'antoni isnt smart enough to utilize Pao and Dwight at the same dam time on theo court!! So why not second team gasol????
Voss voss::Took the words right out of my mouth
FTLakerFan::Defense looked better last night, but the bar was pretty low, Howard played with energy for once which was a plus, but can you count on it?  Lakers were embarassed against OKC, without Howard of course, lets see what happens against the Heat, who the Lakers match up with pretty good.  Not predicting a win by any stretch of the imagination, just want the Lakers to play hard and care, which they have not in most of their games this year.
BigBadLakers420::Now that Hill is out for the season I think it would be smart to bring Pau off the bench as the back up center 6 man.
jimmiesjonesen::Where are all the trouble makers who cry and flag everything?
BigBadLakers420::Lakers have more rings than the Heat and Kobe has more than James but thats in the past, Lakers have to pull this win off for confident purposes and get a win against the Heat.
Rebuild Time In Loston::The Heat will be playing their 3rd game in 4 nights. Just another reason why the Lakers SHOULD win tomorrow!  Is it a must win, however?
nba is the worst::Every game until the end of the season is a must win for the lakers if they want to get into the playoffs
jimmiesjonesen::Brandon Jennings said the 34 year old man played the best defense he's ever seen since he's been in the league last night!So much for the haters saying (hoping)Kobe's done!!
numb1lakefanespn::fab 5 may work out now that the defense has changed.i expect pau to come back and be productive on both ends or he will catch another bloody nose
Corvo Attano::lol lakers.  they win 2 in a row against a couple of lowly east teams and now they have an identity.
Looks good on u tho::Kobe needs to accept the fact that this Laker team is better with Dwight as the focal point in the offense.  Having Kobe hold the ball, jab step 3 times then shoot contested jumpers is just stupid.  Playing inside out makes the game easier for everyone....including Kobe.
