CandySparker::John Wall = Kyrie Irving  Hola Lotta Love!
LebronNigJames88::Kyrie Irving &gt; John Wall
shelesh_kim::rofl, good one.  john wall &gt; kyrie irving by a milestone.
shelesh_kim::john wall &gt; kyrie irving.
NBA_refs_are_weak::jumping the gun a little bit, but with how bad the wizards are, and how guys like blatche just arent progressing like most people thought they would, I wonder how likely it is that wall signs an extension next year. he'll be a FA after next season and I cant imagin him choosing to stick around if its still this much of a mess
shelesh_kim::i hope he decides to leave washington. i want him in a contending team or a team that has a future. i'm tired of watching the wizards but i gotta give support to my favorite player.
tomikah23::wizards are so bad, they went wild with confetti after beating the cavs at home
getz104::Well as bad as they are they are better than the cavs lololol
gotribe1173::Kyrie Irving&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;John Wall
shelesh_kim::wall is averaging 17+ ppg, 7+ apg, 2+ steals, and 1 block. irving? 18+ and 5+. and you're saying that irving is a better all-around player? stupid.  wall &gt; irving.  oh yeah, wall is also averaging 5 rebounds whereas irving is only averaging 3.
shelesh_kim::more efficient huh? check back on that statement after doing some research.  the whole point is, wall is a better all-around player. wizards have more talents BUT THEY DON'T GIVE A SH.IT. have you seen their players? no one gives a sh.it besides wall. wall is the only player who's playing his @ss off while everyone is playing like they're in elementary. give wall at least milwaukee's roster and i guarantee you he'll lead them to the playoffs.  cavs' roster &gt; wizards'
Doc 04::He is more efficient than Wall is...and playing way less minutes  Not to mention the lowly Wizards have more talent than the Cavs and they still dont have 10 wins  Wall isnt a good leader either, that whole team is "Me, Me, Me"
tizi6969::nope...when Wall gets other players around him he'll be averaging 22 and 12.....Irving more like 28 and 4
Doc 04::lol so with better players irving will average less assists? your logic is awesome lmao
gotribe1173::no irving is a better all around player
tizi6969::Irving's a better shooter Wall's a better PG
gotribe1173::irving is still better
getz104::That's why he just lost to him lmao
Garrett7872::$250 Fantasy Basketball Free Roll League Tomorrow! - Pick Your Team Now http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=jb
richardduckworth::and lebron had this horrible team in the finals
Doc 04::not even close to this team
JeremyGoogLIN::Who each team should draft - http://hoopsgrind.com/2012/02/25/blogging-through-ncaa-saturday-2-25-12/
TheWalrusnow::interesting irving is too sick to play against d-rose, but a day later he is capable of playing 30+ minutes.
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::man our freaking Bench stunk up the place, we have NO depth.
richardduckworth::never had any depth, you had lebron james though.
GeorgetownDCman::Yessssss!!!!!!!!
surfzone365::Wiz kids finally get a break.  Too bad they can't play Charlotte or Cleveland more often.
BNS224::Good job Nick Young way to take one for the team. Just keep faking injuries and the Wizards might close in on a .400 season. Way to fix the glitch.
KingGeorge53::One game closer to getting a ping pong ball.
adajwiz::The stupid biased Cavs announcers said Irving plays for team, but Wall does not. Are assists for you or the team? Wall gets lots *more* assists than Irving.  Are shots you take for you or the team? I guess you could say they’re for you. Irving takes lots more shots than Wall (didn’t expect that did you?).  Wall gets to the line more than Irving, he has more steals than Irving, he has more rebounds than Irving, he fouls less than Irving, and he turns it over only .5 more times than Irving (all the above per 40 minutes on the floor). Also, Wall gets more blocks.   The only thing Irving does better than Wall is shoot. And he shoots quite well — on his 18.5 shots per 40 minutes he puts up 19.4 points. John only gets 13 points out of his 15.1 shots.  If John shot as well as Irving, he’d be one of the half dozen best point guards in the league.
tizi6969::Wall gets way more assists....irving just shoots better
Doc 04::Sorry, Irving is &gt;  Irving is more efficient in almost every category
Sluggerface::False. He's more effecient in shooting. That's it. Wall is the better passer, rebounder, and defender. I laugh at the irving nuthuggers who claim that irving is some phenomenal passer. He plays with great pick and roll players / 3 point shooters and can't even break 6 assists a game for the season. Meanwhile Wall is averaging close to 8 assists with nothing but streaky isolation players.
ic0n2900::in summary wall&gt;irving ...not at the beginning of the season. wall was slumming then, but he's back on track
hamptonrr1::good to see crawford making the most of his oppurtunity... now if they can just contrive a way to keep nick young out for the rest of the year... tired of his apathy
todogg16::KOBE IS MOST OVERRATED PLAYER IN NBA BY FAR http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
T.O.G.M.S.17::can someone tell me tho why RG3 went from a potential top 10 pick to the absolute must have number 2 player in the draft future Elite QB? is it just because of him putting up some good numbers at the combine? if thats the only reason then thats ridiculous
WizSkin95::37 TDs, 6 ints 4200 yards 70+ completion percentage. 600+ rushing yards plus the fact that he did everything right in the combine
cland4ever::ya i think he will be a good receiver but not top 5 material
T.O.G.M.S.17::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_97kBZqj270
T.O.G.M.S.17::i will say tho Blackmon has incredible hands and ability to adjust to the ball.
cland4ever::and reported hes closer to a 4.6 speed and you need speed in this horrible shurmur offense because its all run after catch
T.O.G.M.S.17::two very good points. whatever the Browns do i dont want Blackmon. he is slightly shorter than me and we have the same vertical leap (33"). that is not what i want from a number 1 receiver
cland4ever::the redskins outrageous offer and made it public
i liked this comment::his teeth are really white, and it draws ppl's attention.......
dougwinner::Alright peace guys. Going to watch Drive now, I hope its good.
hamptonrr1::best... movie... ever!!
T.O.G.M.S.17::you will NOT be disappointed
The Land of Cleve::Cavs got wizzed on tonight
Tyson Chandler The Beast::RG3 = Bust.  Vince Young 2.0
cland4ever::anyones better than sanchez tho ahah
Tyson Chandler The Beast::yes that is a fact, but im not a JEt/Giant fan
cland4ever::well my comment still stands.......hes bad
Tyson Chandler The Beast::Not a NYer
cland4ever::except he probably has triple the iq even more atheltic and a better arm
T.O.G.M.S.17::idk bout bust but he is nothing like vince young. RG3 is 10 times smarter
yata9arasu::http://www.google.com/imgres?q=lebron+funny+gifs&amp;um=1&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=N&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=667&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbnid=KfHagPUNpYai-M:&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.mancertified.com/lebron-james-king-ringless/&amp;docid=SEKNgswWmomSXM&amp;imgurl=http://www.mancertified.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/funny-sports-pictures-lebron-james-dos-equis-fake.jpg&amp;w=500&amp;h=626&amp;ei=LdxST4CjFsmNgwf5q6T2DQ&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=hc&amp;vpx=506&amp;vpy=284&amp;dur=4210&amp;hovh=251&amp;hovw=201&amp;tx=106&amp;ty=101&amp;sig=111685687351302383917&amp;page=1&amp;tbnh=158&amp;tbnw=147&amp;start=0&amp;ndsp=18&amp;ved=1t:429,r:8,s:0  LOL!!!!  HAHAHAHAHA!!!  SORRY I JUST HAD TO!!!
cland4ever::all i have to say is rg3 to the browns and irving rg3 will take over the country
cland4ever::i just hope for some reason peyton goes to redskins and flynn to miami then the price will be very low or he might drop
T.O.G.M.S.17::would be nice
T.O.G.M.S.17::good point. i just wish the price for RG3 wasnt so high
cland4ever::i just think to barkley will be overal 1 next year and landry will be top 5 and if the browns improve then it will cost the same amount now if not more next year to get one of those qbs
cland4ever::i just think once u get a franchise qb everything else is a LOT easier to fill in
dougwinner::Don't take Jones, he is going to be a bust. Barkley I like, but then again he is from USC...
dougwinner::He is a shotgun QB. Not sure how he'll do in an under the center offense.
T.O.G.M.S.17::true. or we can fill in everything else and get Barkley or Landry Jones next year?
T.O.G.M.S.17::i would rather take richardson and keep the rest of the picks but if we do get RG3 i cant complain
dougwinner::Meh, I'm not on the RG3 bandwagon yet.
T.O.G.M.S.17::the cavs/wiz playoff series were so much fun. part in fact cuz we always won but the games were so entertaining
The Land of Cleve::They HATED us
T.O.G.M.S.17::soo much tension with wiz
sportsfan1014::Well, Cavs sure have lot of great fans, &amp; they didn't give up on their team like king James.
Munger88::Seattle lost the Sonics... was that because of their "fans"? I'm not hating though, Atlanta sports as a whole has a terrible fanbase.
ic0n2900::meh...if it wasn't for lebron the cavs wouldn't have half the fans they do, maybe more
T.O.G.M.S.17::not to take anything away from the DC area teams because i have heard great things about their fanbases
Crimanal94::that's not true. i'm from DC.  wizards games are empty, nationals games are empty until this year probably because their actually good now, and the capitals games only started selling out with ovechkin.
The Land of Cleve::Cleve fans are the most loyal in the country
T.O.G.M.S.17::Most loyal fans in country 1) a. Cleveland      b. Seattle
T.O.G.M.S.17::gracias senor
mikeyp2307::thank you sir.
mikeyp2307::my finals matchup is bulls-thunder. What say you?
ic0n2900::heat vs thunder
sportsfan1014::Knicks vs Thunder
T.O.G.M.S.17::spurs v sixers
wtfiuwts::I wouldn't discount the Spurs or Mavs. As long as it isn't the wuss out club from south beach.
dougwinner::Bulls - Thunder
mikeyp2307::hmmm. perhaps.
The Land of Cleve::bulls-lakers
dougwinner::Lakers are going to get destroyed at PG and SF. No chance unless they make some rediculous trade.
cland4ever::hornets bobcats
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Well, guys, I'm out.
gotribe1173::I thought Kyrie Irving actually played a really nice game tonight.
Doc 04::Cant complain about 20/6 on 8/14 shooting
wtfiuwts::Par for the course.
yata9arasu::Yep.  He came back from illness and played well....
mikeyp2307::well guys, I guess the cavs are good enough to have trolls so atleast we have that going for us.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::More trolls than last night.
sportsfan1014::Arenas VS Lebron was once one of the best matchup to watch.
T.O.G.M.S.17::i liked the Ilgauskas vs hayward better
Lesternesman::What is up with Gibson?
T.O.G.M.S.17::boobie is just in a rough patch. still isnt that bad tho. he did hit those 3 tre's in a row against the knicks
ShaqVanGundy::This is what happens when Ryan Hollins starts and plays 30+ minutes. No chance
Detroit is Better than Chicago::cleveland needs to clean house. keep irving, harris, casspi, samuels, varejo and maybe boobie. everyone else out.
cland4ever::keepp boobie hes a fan favorite
T.O.G.M.S.17::keep thompson, gee, boobie, andy, samardo, harris, irving
mikeyp2307::the cavs need an asian player.
sportsfan1014::Linsanity has 2 brothers, take ur pock.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Harangody will be a Scalabrine-like cult figure for the fans.
wtfiuwts::What? Thompson, Gee, Gibson..
wtfiuwts::Still one of the best 3-point shooters in the league. Improved defense. Still young. He is defintely a solid bench piece on any contender. imo..
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Keep Tristan and Gee. I think Gibson's fading.
The Land of Cleve::Hey guys, remember when the Wizards lost to us every year in the playoffs?
WizSkin95::Man i miss those days those were the higlights of my short wiz fan career. Its carma for those "Lebron" fans that bashed on us while we were down and out. They had one bad year and they wanna feel sorry for them while weve had 4 crappy years dealing with gilbert and our owner dying and trading our fan faves away.
ic0n2900::yeah, that was in the past. now both teams suck @$$
ic0n2900::they're are only 5 games ahead of a dysfunctional wizards organization
dougwinner::But at least Cleveland is on the road to success. Great results for are first year rebuilding.
dougwinner::Yeah, that was quite the rivalry. I remember Papa Johns giving free pizza because one of their stores made LeCrybaby shirts without consent.
dougwinner::lets hope so.
The Land of Cleve::Can I get one of those shirts now?
wtfiuwts::And Stevenson thought he could play basketball? That was my favorite part..
mikeyp2307::you mean Abraham Lincoln
dougwinner::remember the eye ball sandwhich? lol.
sportsfan1014::Yep, the king of walk - Lebron
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::I guess it was time to throw them a bone for all of that.
T.O.G.M.S.17::we have 12 days to trade sessions and jamison. im taking a poll. what day does each get traded? the winner gets a Master Ball.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Jamison the day before the deadline. Sessions on the deadline.
yata9arasu::Yes!
The Land of Cleve::It really doesn't matter that much to a player if they're playing back up or starting.  They still get minutes, and are just as important to the team
wtfiuwts::Unsure when, but it should happen and likely will. But Cleveland will become very bad, very quickly. Greater good I guess.
yata9arasu::Sessions also....  No matter how much I would like him to backup Irving I doubt he will pass up a starting position to play backup.
T.O.G.M.S.17::ya. but of the next 12 days when will each get traded (example: jamison on the 8th day and sessions on the 10th day
cland4ever::a master ball? like pokemon?
cland4ever::he has the potential of a legendary brain scalabrine.. but until then hes worthless
T.O.G.M.S.17::by that do u mean he has the potential to be a gyrados?
cland4ever::luke harangody is the magikcarp of the nba world
T.O.G.M.S.17::i will use the cheat code to duplicate the master ball and catch anyone i want. starting with dwight howard
dougwinner::Please don't catch Barnes!
yata9arasu::YOU CAN'T GET AWAY FROM A MASTER BALL!!!!
mikeyp2307::NICE!! Those are tricky to catch. Patience
yata9arasu::ROFL!!!!  AWESOME!!!!  :)
cland4ever::im going to go catch a harrison barnes or anthony davis with it
T.O.G.M.S.17::yessir. just copped one from Prof Oak
yata9arasu::Jamison....
cland4ever::david stern riggs the nba draft so cavs will get 1st and bring a huge market of the new cavs vs the heat..... it will sell millions
Jake75606::i hope! GO CAVS!
Phil Jackson in Montana::Hi. I'm 35 and still live at home. My favorite show is the Big Bang Theory and my favorite movie is Star Trek. Please call.   -Cavs fans date ad
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Actually, we also like Doctor Who and Dark Shadows.
T.O.G.M.S.17::and that chick from BBT is hot
cland4ever::and your date ad is : im 50 years old lives with my parents i work at mcdonalds but sometimes i spit in peoples food because im a badass my best friends my right hand and i love porn where girls stuff their faces in food
T.O.G.M.S.17::from what i hear the new star trek movie was pretty good.
mikeyp2307::BIG BANG THEORY IS FUNNY. IM SORRY THE HUMOR IS TOO ADVANCED FOR YOU
The Land of Cleve::don't feed the trolls guys
spong3bobrox::your mom actually called
wtfiuwts::New favorite troll line - "Yeah, well you guys are all losers. You're all on a message board."  SMH - I don't even know where to begin...
spong3bobrox::Ball so hard, Phil Jackson In Montana try to find me, THAT SH*T CRAE!
mikeyp2307::I think we successfully trolled the troll. congrats gents.
mikeyp2307::seriously. We are the most downtrodden sports city ever. There is nothing anyone can say that will make us upset.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::After all we've endured, it's funny trolls think they can get under our thick skin.
ShaqVanGundy::He is putting lipstick on his left hand right now
sportsfan1014::As a Wiz fan, I don't care if Cavs win this one or not, I wanna see Cavs make the post season &amp; beat Lebron if possible..
ic0n2900::you're f'in crazy, from one wiz fan to another
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Ain't happening after Varejao's injury. We're just going to get in each other's way in the draft lottery.
yata9arasu::Good game tonight!  Good luck in the future!  GO CAVS!
spong3bobrox::not gonna happen. we losing for davis
dougwinner::Charlotte has the best chance at that. I just hope we get a good draw in the lottery and take Thomas Robinson.
The Land of Cleve::eh... keep hoping
cland4ever::can we just trade jamison and start thompson already
Jake75606::yea hes  a good backup but if we can get a 1st rounder and a young guy im all in for that. maybe a trade sessions, varejo, jamison, and gee for dwight howard! lol
cland4ever::yeah and back pg as manny harris give our youth a lot of experience
The Land of Cleve::keep sessions, he's an awesome backup pg
Jake75606::and sesions! we can get some good $@%! for him!
T.O.G.M.S.17::amen
Its all my fault::Cleveland haters are so dumb it is HILARIOUS.. they have no clue this losing is actually HELPING us LOL
Jake75606::right!?
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::To being a die-hard! *raises glass*
dougwinner::F-U-C-K-I-N A!!!!
mikeyp2307::HUZZARRRR
yata9arasu::GO CAVS!!!
spong3bobrox::Phil Jackson in Montana touches his self at night.
i know more than you still::What single man in his mother's basement doesn't?
dougwinner::More like his hut. Remember, he lives in Montana.
Tyson Chandler The Beast::gramas garage
Phil Jackson in Montana::So I guess all you Cavs fans didnt have a date on a Saturday night. Nice job, studs.
wtfiuwts::WTF? I guess you and Jay-Z are living it up? Wow. That is full retard mode in action.
ShaqVanGundy::His date is his right hand
T.O.G.M.S.17::im sorry but can someone please show this guy a mirror
mikeyp2307::I GUESS PHIL DIDNT HAVE A DATE ON A SATURDAY NIGHT. GREAT JOB STUD.
spong3bobrox::your mom was on my pole last night
The Land of Cleve::look at yourself...
cland4ever::its 9 40... your mother doesnt go out until at least 11 pm
_i_am_a_Dog_::yes we dated your mom
ic0n2900::j.wall&gt;&gt;&gt;k.irving
sportsfan1014::I think Wall is a better dancer than Irving
mikeyp2307::tyson chandler sucks
The Land of Cleve::Um... in your dreams
Tyson Chandler The Beast::me &gt; kyrie
dougwinner::Irving was sick and he still outplayed Wall....
Jake75606::no
i know more than you still::I don't mind giving attention to some guy over the Internet who doesn't get a lot of attention. Makes me feel like I'm helping a charity.
The Land of Cleve::Don't feed the trolls, it just makes them worse
wtfiuwts::And it don't cost a cent.. You should write that shit off..
spong3bobrox::haaaaaaa
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Like all the "cool" fans, I'm going to wait until this team plays well enough to deserve a fan as good as I am. Fairweather fans are the best!
mikeyp2307::THE BEST PART IS THAT THEY WILL ACT LIKE THEY ARE TRUE FANS!
