The funny names are taken::hello http://scores.espn.go.com/nba/conversation?gameId=320422008
The funny names are taken::poop  http://scores.espn.go.com/nba/conversation?gameId=320422008
danoslc::That is what is wrong with this organization..... They always rely on next year, it becomes a culture of NOT WINNING... Hate to tell you dumb fans that you play to win the game, tank for a draft pick??? Really??? What message does that really send to the players???
The funny names are taken::yeah
El Diablo17::You suck Warriors you were supposed to lose!!!!!!!
ChimeraLycan::looking at Golden State's roster, I see why the fans were booing the owner a few weeks ago
Kenny_Blanco::The straw that broke the camels back
Utah_Dirtbiker::Thanks for losing Timberwolves! Thanks for allowing yourselfs to win Warriors. I hope that draft pick stays right at the 8th seed.
texasrangersin12::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month for three months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I once was
kozanski2000::Stupidest franchise in the NBA? Welcome to the warriors. Good bye lottery pick because of a meaningless end of regular season win. They can't get anything right.
navyseal962012::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I once was
kcchen_us::very bad and stupid win...
WFan5::un $@%!$@% real. how do you $@%! up losing?
WFan5::$@%!$@% figures. The warriors are completely $@%!$@% hopeless
Suck my dee::Good job Jenkins, you dumb C U N T.
Steveforprez04::Did the Wolves forget that the Hornets get their pick this year?
Utah_Dirtbiker::They were just trying to help out the Jazz with getting the Warriors pick. The Jazz are giving their pick to the Timberwolves by making the playoffs.
longgrassgrows::TANK TANK TANK............WTF
vergatease::Warriors gotta win some more games for the Jazz.
neederlander::Calm down people. Nets and Raptors play each other for their last game. One of them has to win, which will give them the same record as GS. GS loses the tie breaker for both teams. Basically, GS still has a lock on the 7 pick. They know this--hence the permission to win a game. Lame but true.
MoonMan2425::You're assuming that they lose at home to NO and SA (who may not be playing for anything).  Knowing Golden State, they'll screw this up.
Eric62748::not true. Look up the rule.
Kenny_Blanco::how many championships does Utah have again?
Doc Emmett L Brown::Indeed. Doesn't go to tiebreakers for picks. If teams finish the season with the same record, it goes to a coin flip to determine the placement. The league will step in since they are sick of teams tanking. Golden State will not see that pick. It's going to Utah, a winning organization that will actually do something with it.
JujuBeanYum::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
juno71::wtf is the point ? are u g.ay?
juno71::all u jazz fans talking about "karma"... if warriors lose the pick u guys will def draft a bust. i guarantee it
Doc Emmett L Brown::Hayward D-ed Kobe into 3/20 shooting. All four lottery picks on the Jazz are already productive and the oldest one (Hayward) just barely turned 22. The only guarantee for picks is that a lottery pick for Portland will blow out his knees. Golden State is a losing organization and they always will be because they think they can lose to win. Losers.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::a bust? all our lottery picks from the last two years look like they are gonna be solid role players at the very least. favors and hayward are potential future allstars...and burks and kanter have both been solid as rookies. you are stupid if you guarantee a bust
rbgman7::The warriors need to play blindfolded!
rbgman7::Yeah the depth is encouraging winning with no Lee,Bogut,Curry,Ellis
360dubs::who would've thought our 2nd stringers played so tough the last few games before tanking.
rbgman7::Damn Warriors can't even lose when they need to, this win HURTS!!
360dubs::yup.
All Refs Suck::WHY DID WE NOT TANK!!!!
360dubs::when the Nets meet Raptors, someone will win.
360dubs::Jenkins was in a zone. I've been saying that he is one tough player. We're still be tied for 7th and with opportunities to move up before the lotto. We still have 4 draft picks in 1st and 2nd round to play with. We can trade a player with other picks as well. Stay positive.
rbgman7::the key word "was"
nallad47::You are not tied for 7th.. You are in 8th place alone.
rbgman7::I hope so, I was hoping to have a top 7 and a 28th pick......
JujuBeanYum::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
360dubs::Dubs can either trade their 7th pick along with late first rounder and both second rounders to move up before the lotto, or trade a player, late first rounder, and 7th pick to move up. We will be tied for 7th regardless when Nets meet Raptors.
360dubs::we will tank that game. you do know this, right?
360dubs::Hornets are playing tough though.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Golden State is going to beat the Hornets.
Doc Emmett L Brown::T-Wolves helped out the Jazz today. They figured they are getting Utah's pick because Utah is a class organization that doesn't tank games, so they should let GS win one to prevent GS from tanking their way to a pick that belongs to Utah. Get the pick to a team that will do something with it.
360dubs::serious? are u serious? Players and owners don't want a losing season. I'm outta here. GL with your Jazz. Hope they make it to the playoffs this year????
360dubs::I don't hate the Jazz, but they're not the same without Sloan, Williams, and Bass. We just don't share the same vision. It's cool!
Doc Emmett L Brown::Right. Jazz want to win. Warriors don't. Not sure who Bass is though.
360dubs::Utah will not get their pick. I am 100% sure.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Right. They've been saying that since 1995. They've made the playoffs once in that time. Meanwhile, the Jazz have missed the playoffs exactly four times since 1984, because they are a well-run, classy small-market organization. Warriors can't do and will never do anything. I feel bad for Bogut getting banished there.
360dubs::but we have fun regardless. We are use to losing. But changes are coming around.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Losers tank. They will always be losers.
360dubs::they all tank. Like this is new news?
Doc Emmett L Brown::Not going to happen. They will finish tied with either Toronto or New Jersey, then 7 and 8 will be decided by the league in a "totally fair" coin flip. Stern isn't going to reward a team that is so blatantly tanking. It's bad for the integrity of the league and the lockout already did enough damage. He'll get the pick to Utah one way or another. Teams that think they can win by losing are losers just like a fan base that would be OK with it. That's why the Warriors have made the playoffs exactly once in the last 17 years.
Doop408::warriors: franchise going no where, out of the playoffs and trying to secure a lottery pick, wins for nothing? this is BS mark jackson...
Litros35::I HATE THE WARRIORS NOW THERE SOOOOO STUPID
360dubs::good for you. We all hate a team or 2.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Karma will not let GS get that pick regardless. If they get to 7, a team 8-14 will move into the top 3. Losing mentality will not be rewarded.
360dubs::I am Karma and I will reward the warriors.
360dubs::I still believe we will crack the top 3 somehow. I just feel it.
360dubs::we can still trade up before the lotto. We still have a late 1st rounder and 2 second rounders and 7th pick. We need to trade up before the draft at least to the #5 spot in case 2 teams move up to the top 3. Warriors will not lose their pick one way or another and they know this is a must.
360dubs::We'll actually be tied for the 7thy spot when the Nets play Toronto, unless one of those two teams win the rest of their games. Guess it was good that Detroit won today. Utah will not get the pick at 8 unless a team behind the warriors move up to the top 3 after the lotto. Should've lost that game though.
TigerWoods Is ESPN::shut up 360
King Delux F.C.::Anyway, I'm out. The Warriors lost a fan in the process, as well. Peace!
TigerWoods Is ESPN::You are welcome to Jazz nation anytime
paulmatli::Jazz fans: Thanks for winning a meaningless game Warriors
JazzForThe Win::Time to move on to Denver Game.
tcrisis::HAHAHAHA WHAT? YES!!!!
heatcardinalsgiantsbruinsgalaxy::HAHAHA WARRIORS EVEN SUCK AT TANKING!
spyderx2::This is the first time I seen a team hurt themselves even more by winning.  Really sad, awful team including the management.
heatcardinalsgiantsbruinsgalaxy::last time warriors were relevant? early 90s? before that what the 70s? atleast the heat are a winning franchise and have more history than the warriors who have been around forever
King Delux F.C.::I don't root for the champions. I'm proud of them, but not from a fan's point of view. For the most part, I keep track of which teams are doing well and which players are playing at their potential. IF I was a fan of any team, however, I'd most likely choose either a humble team or a team with a good front office that can build through the draft.
heatcardinalsgiantsbruinsgalaxy::you are you bounce and root for every champ you root for boston ny you dont believe in rivalries! no fan would ever cheer for their rival...you might as well cheer for the zebras wile your at it
King Delux F.C.::Why be a biased fan pulling for a team when I can be a fan of the entire league and NOT be biased? Think about it. Miami, St. Louis, New York, Boston, Los Angeles? Really? And you call ME the bandwagon?
heatcardinalsgiantsbruinsgalaxy::really? you cant even pull for a team talk about your ultimate bandwagon jeesh your a worse bandwagon fan then me
King Delux F.C.::I'm a fan of the NBA. I'm everywhere (not really).
heatcardinalsgiantsbruinsgalaxy::then why are you on here
King Delux F.C.::I'm not even a Warriors fan, genius. Nice guess, though.
King Delux F.C.::You like the Miami Heat...any credibility you had on these boards is now gone.
paulmatli::I can hear Mark Jackson now. It was a great win for the franchise. They showed a lot of heart blah blah blah
King Delux F.C.::"Well, um, it was a great win for us. The guys did really well out there and played with a lot of determination and courage. Hopefully, we can keep this going".  Deep down, Mark's thinking "Warriors fans want me dead, don't they? Goddamn it."
King Delux F.C.::Tanking should be illegal and any team caught doing it should get fined and its draft picks given to somebody else.
spyderx2::I agree but until that happens every team needs to do what is best for themselves.
supe540::Tough to prove and apparently for the inept Warriors, tough to do.
WarriorsWarrior::Seriously who does utah draft at number eight?
King Delux F.C.::A complete bust. Hopefully...
tcrisis::And don't forget Favors, my favorite. The Jazz have enormous potential with the young guys on the team. You just watch - each one of those you mentioned will be greats. Especially Hayward
King Delux F.C.::I mean, they already have Hayward, Burks and Kanter. It can only get worse. Lmfao.
WarriorsWarrior::haha!
spyderx2::Warriors just threw away their pick and a chance at a lottery.
TigerWoods Is ESPN::This is where karma comes into play. and tanking is bad karma.
spyderx2::Yeah, all the bottom teams are tanking.  Warriors though has a reason to.  They would lose the pick if they don't get in the lottery.  This is just an awful win.
SB4LlFE::it's all on the coin flip and having luck now
paulmatli::That won't happen their all tanking too, something the warriors couldn't do
supe540::Well, they can still get their pick but they have to rely on other crummy teams to win.
TubbyTime334::Funny both Wes and Flynn had Solid Rookie Years. WTF Happened!!!
Bhens87::they got exposed for who they really are.  It's also worth noting that they are both from Syracuse where they don't play man to man making them worthless on d in the NBA.  Carmelo Anthony is the only decent Syracuse player to do well in the NBA that I can remember in recent memory.  We better not draft one again anytime soon.
wrecko22::Nice job Warriors!
supe540::arrrgh.
Bhens87::Wes Johnson:  22 min 1-2 5 pts, 1 reb, 1 ast, 1 block  What a waste of talent and space.  Sure glad the wolves took him no 4 overall.
PASS__THA__SWISHA::So let me get this straight ... You're playing on the road for the third night in a row. You're down by 20. You need to lose to retain an important draft pick. And you decide to make an incredible comeback? WTF Warriors?
SB4LlFE::can't tank against the wolves... wolves are soo bad
supe540::I didn't think any franchise could be that bad.
WarriorsWarrior::Good Karma coming!
King Delux F.C.::Get ready for Sacramento to lose its team, as well!
Bhens87::No as a Wolves fan we are the kings of tanking.  We had Mark Madsen come in a game and attempt ten three pointers.  Doesn't get much better then that.
supe540::LOL
jzalvarado::Just look at Sacramento.  The absolute Kings of Tanking and they have been atrocious going on a decade now
WarriorsWarrior::21 down on the road in a back to back to back gm!!!  GO WARRIORS!!!
TubbyTime334::You Should Be Mad.
WarriorsWarrior::Ha.
JazzForThe Win::Jazz will go for Pick . Klay Thompson doesn't play Jazz Basketball .
supe540::What is Jazz basketball?
SkyGooose::The kind were you actually make the playoffs.
jzalvarado::The kind of ball where you wait for your draft picks to develop, AND then you trade them once they become unhappy playing in Utah
jzalvarado::Haha I love how some of you are speculating on who wins the Top pick in the Lottery.  There's only one man who knows, and that's david Stern... He'll be the one putting the CHOSEN team's lottery balls in the freezer prior to the draft lottery
King Delux F.C.::1985.
JazzForThe Win::If Jazz get the 8th pick ! , they are the team to watch out for , next season.
King Delux F.C.::^LOL!!!! That made my day...
tcrisis::Alright bro. Jazz are building a team that is going to be incredible given 1 or 2 more years development (assuming they keep players like Burks, Hayward, Favors.... Kanter). Soon they will be one of the top teams in the West, without having to worry about the same problems as teams like Dallas, San Antonio and Boston who are about ready to blow up their rosters.   You must not watch much Jazz basketball because you don't seem to know much about the talent they have. Read what SkyGoose said about Hayward... he's putting out numbers just as good as the Sixth Man of the Year is in his sophomore season!!!  You know how I know this? THIS YEAR WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A REBUILDING YEAR and the Jazz are going to make it into the playoffs. And they're record may just barely be above .500 but look at the teams they have beat this year...   Jazz are gonna be huge.
JazzForThe Win::Gordon Hayward , Alec Burks and Enes Kanter are all future studs. I dont buy that argument
SkyGooose::Have you not been watching Hayward? The guy is putting up the same numbers as James Harden since the All-Star break. Keep hating him cuz he is white.
JazzForThe Win::I See them , drafting a Point Guard in that scenario . they are missing of a NBA ready point guard to feed  SG - Burks SF = Hayward PF = Favors C = Kanter.  Gordon Hayward is a wing player not a Big Men and has shown vast improvement from his rookie year.
jzalvarado::BUT by your LOGIC and only YOUR LOGIC both Hayward and Kanter have taken a longer trajectory to develop AND to a lesser degree Burke SO how will the Jazz be the team to watch for next year if they end up with the 8th pick.  Wouldn't that pick take time to develop also
JazzForThe Win::Big Men takes time to develop. And he is already a big time rebounder . He just needs some minutes to showcase that. Not to mention , the guy is only 19 yrs of age.
jzalvarado::Alec Burks.  I will give you that.  Gordon Hayward-Great Future Role player.. Enes Kanter- Absolute Bust.
jzalvarado::AND if they don't?  Are they NOT a playoff team.  Your drafting record has been LESS than stellar recently
supe540::Unbelievable.  Warriors played their rooks serious minutes and still won.  The franchise can't even get tanking right.  Ridiculous.  Wolves can't be THAT bad......can they?
SB4LlFE::this is the same replay of their previous match... same exact outcome
XxLeprechaunxX::yes
King Delux F.C.::What are the chances (percentage-wise) of Golden State winning the lottery?
SB4LlFE::pretty low... it's all about luck
King Delux F.C.::1993.
jzalvarado::Something like 0.7 percent from where they stand right now
El Diablo17::Can't believe GSW what the hell r they thinking. OPeRation Tank IT destroyed.
