Heat or Bulls fan depending whos first::Go Bulls Heat
augie7107::When is Igoudala going to learn he is not the shooter he thinks he is. Pass the ball and hit the open man instead of trying to force one up to tie the game. The Sixers worked hard to get back in this game. I have seen AI blow more game winners/tying shots in the last few seasons than I care to remember.
PortlandBlazers1004::Wallace was a beast for us.
Bookiebreaker48::glad blazers won just feel bad for thm.....oden(MR.GLASS) and roy(injured).....damm waste of picks
saintsaretnttheaints::oden is always injured so we dont really care dont even count him as one of our players. but roy was heart breaking for the whole city. we will get by this and excpect us in the playoffs again
Lets_go_mofo::Lou Will hits two humongous 3's to get it within 3 and then Iguodala hoists up a brick with the game on the line?   And 10 points and 8 Rebs is worth $17 million in the NBA?  Way to earn that paycheck EB.
Logicalfan1::I just like the fact that the Lakers are 0-2. That just makes the lockout worth it.
natesweet72::Dude, it's one game. Give your guy a shot first. The lack of a  pre season has left a lot of teams looking ugly on offense. In fact , I would say most teams have a lot of growing to do ion the offensive side of the ball. We have seen a lot of "bricks" in the first few dayas of the season from a lot of players.
FranciscoKern::Solid game from both teams for a season opener.   It's gonna be a long season for whack-job Mullins.  His Lakers suck.
pdxrovermech::does he even comment on the games or just talk trash to everyone?
BlazersWar::damn, didn't even watch that game ... thought LaMarcus was out ...
pdxrovermech::it wasnt as sloppy as i thought it would be. running the pick and roll on every play isnt going to work all season long though. a lot of tired players out there, but aldridge sure hasnt lost his touch. i like Batum's aggressiveness around the rim without the ball.  I was surprised Chris Johnson didnt get more time. he looked good in the pre season.
Logicalfan1::Was a good one. Saw some rust from the Blazers, still getting those new guys situated. Plus the gitters of the first game. But they pulled it out in the end.
Korzagg::James &gt; Iggy in clutch spots. How bad is Iggy with the game on the line?  I would have loved it if he would have been moved in the offseason, might be the 2nd worst contract in sports, behind Jayson Werth
augie7107::Igoudala is pathetic with the game on the line and stubborn enough not to give it up. I would love to see him in another uniform. There was only one AI and I'm sure you know who it was.
eazyt_971::97 shots and 15 fast break points. Fun to watch. I'm liking this faster pace. Lets keep it up blazers.
UOduckUO::Roymullins #1 blazer fan your here more then the rest of us. Get out much? Prolly not, RM #1 waste of space.
ripcityrising::At the end of the day, that was the sixers. We should walk over any team of that caliber at home. Closer then necessary, but we're 1-0. Stay hungry and protect that home court, 'zers.
bkahl34::Sixers are decent, nothing special.  The depth is over-hyped by Sixers fans on here.  8 deep isn't that impressive especially when one of those guys is Spencer Hawes and a still unproven Evan Turner.  To me, they are a 6-8 playoff seed that is held back by the fact that they can't hit clutch shots.
Logicalfan1::Well good, if they are as good as all you sixer fans seem to believe. (And I didn't see a bad team play against Portland last night) Then that just means the Blazers, who haven't really played together at all. Are going to be incredibly good once they've had time to gel.
R0M0-mentum09::Ya they're incredibly deep
salemram15::You’re really under estimating the sixers.
eazyt_971::roymullins has an OregonLive account too. The idiot goes by the same name and talks trash just like he does on here.
anxiou5::roymullins, it's sad how insecure you are.
roymullins::i saw Marcus Camby at the social security office last week... enough is enough- talk about a guy who doesn't know when to hang it up!
R0M0-mentum09::Once Camby stops helping this team soo much defensively and isn't the best front court defender on the team/pulling in 10 boards. . . . . I'll agree with you Mullins.
ripcityrising::that your're a hater? That's some sad truth, yo.
roymullins::not bitter- hate the NBA but happy to be able to visit my friends from Potland once again... they missed me... their season wouldn't be complete unless I was here to remind them of the truth...
bigdogboy42::Mullins, why so bitter?
pdxrovermech::$10 mil would keep me around for another year too.
Sixers1234567::The Blazers are better than the media obsessed Clippers. I think other than OKC being a lock for the playoffs the rest of the WEST is completely up in the air. Anything can happen regarding seeding... The EAST is far easier to predict In my opinion
roymullins::pdxrovermech... basketball genius... they grow them on trees in enlightened Portland you know...
roymullins::1-65 baby... I am calling it HERE!
ripcityrising::bet the house, chump.
pdxrovermech::wide open? i think you'll roughly see the familiar faces, but the youth and athleticism that OKC and the Clips bring could be hard to keep up with . Pauls knees would worry me if i was a Clips fan though.
roymullins::uh... no... Clips maybe the best PG in the league and one of the top 3 PF in the league- Portland? not much... they are OK- they will compete on most nights but Portland cannot win their own division a much less have any shot at winning the Western Conference- they are once again a 5-8 seed in the west and a 1st round playoff loser... Portland fans should be used to it by now...  but they will talk like they are a contender- it is funny and pathetic but entertaining nonetheless...
UOduckUO::Ya our division is up in the air. Thats what happens when you have the BEST division in the league!
ripcityrising::just like you. I'm glad to have a team; what you got?
ripcityrising::haters gonna hate, themselves mostly.
pdxrovermech::but then again when i see them play the lakers their fans are completes idiots, so i guess we all have those kind pf folks around.
pdxrovermech::i'm used to it. i go to plenty of games and the fan's oohs, awws, and booing at plays or calls reassures me that they are just a bunch of casuals that dont understand the game.
BlazerRoddy::Was wondering when you would show up muffintop. Did mom let you out of the basement again. Well Portland 1 and muffintop 0 so far.
roymullins::The Blazers have won 12 consecutive home openers. ...  ---------------------------------- and the last 7 times they have made the playoffs they have LOST in the first round... TeamCrappy  Drip City Brick City Potland Pride...
ripcityrising::love the local haters, project all you want, heart wins through. You obviously know enough that there are few teams worth getting behind, and choose not to, sucker.
roymullins::NO! heck no- root for Potland! Their fans are loyal and ridiculous! That is what makes them so much fun!
pdxrovermech::....and? should we all just go root for LA, Miami, and Boston?
pdxrovermech::not a single mention of Hawes being one assist shy of a triple double and i dont think they even passed him the ball ten times.
pdxrovermech::i bet my buddy for his chalupa that hawes would get a triple double and that was in the first quarter. it definitely made the game more exciting.
go ducks_11::go blazers! trying to be a blazer fan with sonics being gone...
sportsforlife234::Roy you're still bitter than the lowly sonics left?
roymullins::not possible- any self-respecting Sonics fan would never root for Portland...
ripcityrising::any self respecting roymullins would take a break from the wrong side of a glory hole and watch one of the few teams worth supporting in the league.
Duck_In_Medford::Nobody is even mentioning the Blazers nationally. How is Memphis expected to be the sleeper team....Absolute nonsense. I like Portland this year
ripcityrising::roymullins has been a hater for a bit, so sad.
roymullins::...and why should they?
Sixers1234567::I have the Blazers as the #3 seed in the West in my playoff predictions
airharrison21::Hawes or Camby for backup fantasy center. pick one
pdxrovermech::definitely hawes. camby misses a good 20% of every season.
airharrison21::Think he is worth dropping austin daye and picking up?
CuseDawg79::yes
wayde1213::camby hes a 15 rebound guy he also gets his fair share of assist and blocks. if you need more points hawes is your man but camby in most other categories out plays hawes
AngryDuck22::"whets finger, checks wind direction" nope still CFB season.....dont care about the NBA yet.
pyrogerbil::every game counts in CFB season riiiiiiiiiight?
wayde1213::ducks better beat the badgers or the us ducks fans will have to hear another year of yeah your great during the season but choke when it counts
wayde1213::congrats to the 76ers you seem to have a good team GL the rest of the season
MetsNLChamps2012::Eric Gordon &gt; Derrick Rose    Can I get an Amen?
CuseDawg79::u feelin ok? no way
binkinainteasy::If there's one thing we learned tonight, Brand should never play the 5
salemram15::It’s ok for short stretches, last season the sixers when small for stretches and were successful. It’s great when Thads in the game, it clears out the middle for Thad to get to the rim and score as well as grabbing offensive rebounds.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Doug&gt; Andy
binkinainteasy::not gonna win many games with 20 TOs
wayde1213::a lot of those was the pace of the game
MetsNLChamps2012::Someone remind me to buy Lou and Andre a steak dinner
PresleyCutchTabata::lol
airharrison21::After Spencer Hawes big game I think he will play decent this year. In my league him and camby are available. Is it worth picking one of them up? i would have to drop austin daye is it worth it?
pdxrovermech::why dont they work the triangle through Hawes more often? i always loved him in Sac, Phili seems more interested in taking wreckless shots at the rim than running an offense. hawes gets as many touches as a white guy in a pick up game at the inner city gym.
ripcityrising::You have the lamest name. keep coming up with monday morning quarterbacking, we'll take the W.
airharrison21::I am leaning towards camby just because he averages more rebounds and blocks. If i do that i hope he stays healthy!
airharrison21::i just dont wanna drop daye and have him blow up. He has potential but I dont know if i can leave hawes available. Someone will pick him up soon for sure
Iladelphia::hawes has grabbed at least 10 boards in every game so far counting preseason I think. Also he somehow reaches double digit points despite having no business making most of his shots
drueharris09::i'd say so
drueharris09::why didnt speights play?!
drueharris09::speights aint white lmao
phillyteamsallday::Same thing I'm wondering. Full of potential
philliephan241224::He's garbage.
Iladelphia::Because he doesn't play the game that Collins likes
Frank Reynolds is back 4::That is true
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Because hawes is white and big
MetsNLChamps2012::Hands down the greatest betting comeback to complete my parlay... what a run for the sixers baby
philliephan241224::el oh el
drueharris09::i lost on the blazers but still glad they won.. win win either way only 20 bones down the drain
philliephan241224::ptb-  Got Pens vs Flyers tickets for Christmas. You mirin?
philliephan241224::also got a Giroux WC jersey.
PresleyCutchTabata::I got a Malkin Jersey!
PresleyCutchTabata::yeah i wish i had tickets to that game, lol
PresleyCutchTabata::oh okay, so its not thursdays game
philliephan241224::Sunday game in march on NBC.  19 rows from the ice.
philliephan241224::Admiring.  slang
PresleyCutchTabata::okay thanks
PresleyCutchTabata::the Pens will win
PresleyCutchTabata::mirin? what does that mean?
VinniePSU::I would of liked to see the sixers take a timeout with 12 secs left....maybe set up a play for jodie meeks he was quiet all night
leftyman39::Like this comment if you like the fact the Lakers are 0-2. Hopefully their losing ways can continue.
THEDALLASCOWBOYSAREDONE::Like this comment if the Nats will win the world series
leftyman39::Mariners vs Pirates in the 2012 World Series. Mariners in 5.
leftyman39::The M's have some kids on their way up as well. Dustin Ackley and Mike Carp are ready to have big seasons; their first full seasons in the big leagues. Kyle Seager still needs some conditioning, so the M's need a decent 3rd baseman (and get rid of Chone Figgins). In the end, I hope my M's can get Prince Fielder. We need a power bat like that in the middle of our lineup.
PresleyCutchTabata::yeah, Cole and Taillon should be at the top of our staff in 2013, Cole is scheduled to debut in July
leftyman39::Now I'm being serious. Felix is and always will be a Seattle Mariner. Never a Yankee, not a Red Sock, not a Marlin; a Mariner. He loves it in Seattle and should follow in the shadow of Edgar Martinez and be a career Mariner.
PresleyCutchTabata::which team will Felix be playing for? lol
Ghettovolcom::ANGELS SON!!!!
drueharris09::twins
PresleyCutchTabata::Pirates
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Never heard of them
PresleyCutchTabata::Like this comment if the Nets are going to beat the Hawks tomorrow night
Wonderfulsmells::Those are Soccer teams right?
drueharris09::you're the only one to like that comment lmao
drueharris09::so....
PresleyCutchTabata::its not even a minute old
Frank Reynolds is back 4::And hawes played the whole game wtf
phillyteamsallday::Yea I was hoping Speights could get a shot. He has so much potential
Frank Reynolds is back 4::He does but he kind of lacks discipline
drueharris09::no offense but thats when you know somethins wrong lol he should be a 20 minutes guy at best
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Yea playing all that time he should have a triple double
woofers02::Always good to get the W, but the Blazers clearly have a lot of work to do. WAY too many missed easy shots, WAY too many stupid turnovers down the stretch. There were glimpses of what this team can be though, once everyone is clicking, they'll be an offensive juggernaut.
Wonderfulsmells::All obvious signs of no work outs, no practices, no pre season. Welcome to the 66 game schedule, it's going to be brutal to watch for the first 10-15 games or so.
woofers02::Agreed, especially with a newly mixed up team like Portland, Sixers benefited from having continuity carrying over from last year.
drueharris09::blazers bout to be a sleeper fa sho this year
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Last year they were pretty good.. Nobody talks about them because they are kind of a forgotten team... With all the bs hype of the other teams like clippers
woofers02::The only time anyone (ESPN) talks about the Blazers are when it's about Oden or Roy's knees.
drueharris09::ya for sure, espn is very biased
Frank Reynolds is back 4::If they clean it up they are a good team.
drueharris09::yeah surprised no one has been talking about them they are goin under the radar
leftyman39::The game was a little sloppy tonight on both sides; turnovers for the Sixers and shotty defense for the Blazers but in the end, the home team won. Nice way to start off a new season at 1-0. Hopefully the winning can continue for Portland. GO BLAZERS!! Goodnight all, Happy New Year and best of luck this season to the Sixers.
Iladelphia::I don't think it was bad D it was just the Sixers got crazy hot from 3
VinniePSU::I can't really remember Iggy hitting game tying or game winning shots.....he must be like 2 for 40 in those situations throughout his career
PresleyCutchTabata::Iggy hit that fadeaway three at the buzzer in LA
philliephan241224::Lakers/magic couple years ago.
VinniePSU::It just really bothers me that he is always the one who is given that shot...why not lou williams, hes the scorer
pennsylvania12194::he hit one against the Lakers like two years ago. Only one I can remember
PresleyCutchTabata::philliephan, how did your finals go?
philliephan241224::Meh.  Did great on all but 2.
PresleyCutchTabata::I only had 3 and i did really well on two of them but one was kinda mediocre
Beaver_Mike_9::Blazers played horribly and still came out with the W
THEDALLASCOWBOYSAREDONE::yeah both teams played pretty bad to be expected in game 1
Rip_City27::good game blazers
PresleyCutchTabata::Proctor should have 0 career game winning hits!
JulioJonesBrother::He's been promoted to the Braves opening day RF!
PresleyCutchTabata::Pirates &gt; Braves
bluedevils1148::I love the Sixers' hustle. They have good things ahead.
ripcityrising::more losses against the Blazers, but not bad.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::It  was a good effort but yea turn overs killed us
chiefwiggum12345::Gerald Wallace is the biggest flopper in the nba hes  such a $@%!$
ripcityrising::haters gonna hate, but glad to have him in my starting 5.
wayde1213::manu has that crown and before him vlad
VinniePSU::Too many mistakes for the sixers...and the lost their head in the middle of the 4th....I like that they fought, but they are usually a team that doesn't turn it over like they did tonight....Looks like they'll have a solid season though, I could see them competing for the atlantic division
ripcityrising::Blazers are in the Pacific NW, thankfully for you.
PresleyCutchTabata::Julio Lugo should never be ruled safe at home EVER AGAIN!!!!!!!! HAHAHA
JulioJonesBrother::PROCTOR !!!!
PresleyCutchTabata::SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!
philliephan241224::Damn turnovers.
stlxfanx86::I'll tomahawk both you in wager match!!!
PresleyCutchTabata::Humphries &gt; Kardashian
JulioJonesBrother::I hope you had a safe recovery from your sugery.
philliephan241224::Thanks (serious).
JulioJonesBrother::Pls go troll.
CuseDawg79::black ops&gt;mw3 i meant
JulioJonesBrother::They're the same thing...
stlxfanx86::Tomahawk u on Nuke town
CuseDawg79::COD &gt; MW3
JulioJonesBrother::FACT.
philliephan241224::You blow at CoD.
