bustasports::full nba 2011 re-draft  kenneth faried 2nd pick, enes kanter 17th  this was actually a good draft, but the draft order wasn't right  http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/2012/03/full-20...
JacobyJ4::Jimmer haters are idiots... He has done just fine, IT has too but Jimmer HAS not had a fair shake on this team even when he plays well he does not get extended time and his defense has improved tremendously,  turnovers are not an issue as there have been several games where IT has a lower assist/turnover than jimmer yet he will get a dnp the following game... Coaches often have favorites and it's obvious that Jimmer is not one of them... However Jimmer is not the only one getting the shaft, coach smart needs a fairly set rotation so his player can get comfortable in there roles fair or not... If he does that the kings will see far more consistency than the up and down season we have had so far...
kybigblue1978::peice of advice for sports fans patrick patterson is a up and coming star in the nba as u can see from last nights game go to ebay and grab as many as his rookie auto's as you can get because they are dirt cheap right now in 4 years they will be worth hundreds
H-TownTEX5040::Good win last night we just need to keep it up and move up in the standings...
mcshumway::The Kings are so close to being a decent team, and yet so far away.  They just can't close out games.  Some good individual players, but it just doesn't seem to come together.  Is it the Smart?  Too many good individual performers, not enough good team (and defensive) players?  Are they simply lacking in experience and veteran leadership?  Good thing I'm not a big Sacramento fan.  Must be frustrating.
Klow561981::Nice win houston.
slaughterpj059::Why is Isaiah Thomas getting 48 minutes? 3-13 shooting.
78Bevan::I like how Smart puts Jimmer in at the last minute to pop a 3.    Maybe put Jimmer in all game and have Jimmer pop like 13 3's.  If 6 go in (and according to his %'s they will) The Kings wouldn't have to worry about OT, because they would have won the game.
gmskking::Good game Cousins.  Keep it up.
CD Dogg::Congratulations Patrick, from all the folks in Huntington.
Charley Varrick::If Smart and his racism doesn't like Jimmer, why not trade him and get someone else to ride the pine? How much is Jimmer making?
Rhubarbjackson::He has more fans than the kings, so i don't think they will trade him.
78Bevan::Jimmer gets $2 million a year Thomas gets less than $1 million a year.  Yes, trade Jimmer.  Smart is not
williamebonybrick::From someone with knowledge and common sense "Jimmer is a good three point shooter, and that's about as far as his skill set goes. He can't defend, struggles to drive and tries to make too great a pass. Picking Jimmer with the tenth pick was a HUGE mistake for the Kings. The Kings are the worst defensive team in the NBA, and what they really need instead of a shooter is a guard who's great at defense. With Shumpert they'd get one of the leagues best on ball defenders, and a guy who can play point guard"
TheShockDoctor182::Dear Coach Kieth Smart, You suck!!! Not gonna win games by benching your best players!
Average Screen Name::well I'm out. GG and GL Rockets. GN all GO KINGS!
jvig818::Being a kings fan is harder than getting black out drunk and not pissing your bed. Right guys??
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Being a Fredette fan is tougher duty these days.
Average Screen Name::lol
jvig818::I should get a $@%!$@% tax break for being a kings fan.
Average Screen Name::I'm a Kings fan :/
Mikecito::Utah-Hawaii-Alum is an anti-Mormon troll that has such an intense devotion to his craft that he has actually followed Jimmer from BYU to continue his troll.  He shows up all the time on the BYU football and basketball boards (and who knows where else).  He changes his name over and over as his accounts continue to get banned.  Utah-Hawaii-Alum, I find it pathetic that your hatred runs so deep, and that you are so obsessed with Mormons that you can't even let Jimmer continue his career in peace.  That you would follow him from the BYU boards to the King's board just to mock his religious beliefs is just depressing.  You are a sad, sad soul.  Find something of worth, and spend your time on that.  Otherwise, you are just another bigot filled with useless, hate-filled diatribe that serves no purpose for anyone but yourself.  And it really doesn't serve you, either.  It just shows your ignorance and weakness.  P.S.  Jimmer is a super nice guy that's very good at BB, and most Mormons (like most people) are pretty nice peeps too.
TK729::not to mention, the University of Utah was founded by a Mormon.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::That is true.......the murderous Brigham Young. The U is a secular, state owned school however.
REVRAND2::Utes coaching staff is over 70% Mormon! There players are mostly Mormon too! So your ignorant comments don't go over too well with real ute alumni like yours truly! We don't want you as a fan!
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::You are incorrect! Sorry to see you struggle so bad!
REVRAND2::Hey Utah Hawaii not alum, have a few drinks then umm drive home!!!!
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::The boys at the bath house are calling for you again bro.......get "on it!"
Rhubarbjackson::His wife got balled by a Mormon with a bigger weeny and so now he just sits at home and stares at his hopelessly small weeny and posts hate messages about Mormons on any website where there might be Mormons.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Man O man you are obsessed with man meat bro! You need to head to your local bath house for some tube steak!
TK729::Sept 15th is a long time away. Too bad the rest of us can have something else to look forward to since your life revolves around BYU
REVRAND2::Yeah and I wonder how your Mormon coaches, players, and fan base at the U feel about having a dumb a$$ like you for a fan! I can't believe a loser like you got into the U! I doubt you really did!
sklater::Only in Florida.
bobbydagreat::The U = Miami.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Another beat down awaits the lowly Zoobs on September 15th........then Utah will kick YBU to the curb and not schedule your pathetic football team again for quite sometime. Get ready!
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Hi Mikee! How are ya buddy!
yorkallday1::nba re-draft who would u guys take second? this site said kenneth faried, i don't think he's thaaat good though http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/2012/03/full-2011-nba-re-draft.html
JBurhenn253::#6 for IT!! sounds about right. Good realistic description of jimmers skill set as well.
jvig818::Being a kings fan is similar to never knowing what its like to come.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::I think that LD$ Inc. should buy a NBA franchise, name the team the "Provostan Puppets," and then maybe Jim Fredette will not have to ride the pine?
Rhubarbjackson::Seriously did your wife ball a Mormon dude and tell you he had a bigger weeny?
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Mormon guys are too nerdy to get any action. Look at Willard "Mutt" Rumney. The quintessential Zoob of all time. The only thing that was great about living in Utah was all the pretty, sex-starved LDS girls...........I had a freak'n field day with the Mormon girls. Since you're single......head to Utah and check it out for yourself! Go to the bars in Park City and SLC and there will be hundreds of hot BYU chicks......easy pickens!
Rhubarbjackson::Sorry your wife balled a Mormon bro.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::That doesn't surprise me!
Rhubarbjackson::Not married either $@%!$@%!$
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::No, but your wife sure liked my ball broth.
Rhubarbjackson::I think you should stop lamenting the fact that you have a tiny pathetic wiener.
79dannyo::Dude, this discussion board is about sports, not religion.  Why do you have to go hating on their religion??????
Rhubarbjackson::Not Mormon but your bigotry is stinkin up the joint
TK729::who has a bigger wiener than you
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::I'm too busy "lamenting the fact" you are a Mormon.
ghuskies7::I notice a lot of Sac's success comes when Thomas has a productive night
78Bevan::And if he is not productive...  they lose.  Wow.  Great analysis.
Average Screen Name::sometimes
MNSPORTS93::Sactown, ya let me down.
Average Screen Name::you aren't getting to the playoffs with no rubio
RenoCruiser5::good game terrence keep balling
AIadvocate::Don't the Kings have Jason Thompson?
REVRAND2::Fire smart! Fire smart! Fire smart! Worst freaking intern coach ever!
REVRAND2::Interim
supe540::What's an intern coach?  Doesn't sound like you know much about hoops.
78Bevan::No he means intern.  Because Smart coaches like an intern.
REVRAND2::Fire smart! Fire smart! Fire smart! Fire smart! Fire smart! Fire smart!!!!!!!!!
REVRAND2::Holy $@%! this is soooo damn ridiculous!! IT goes 3 for 13 and looks like a clown out there and Jimmer doesn't get in!!?? Bull $@%!!! Smart is a racist little biotch!
78Bevan::Jimmer was sent in at the last minute to shoot a 3.  Smart is not.
JBurhenn253::Thomas also had 6 assists and 8 rebounds. Scoring isn't the only thing in basketball. There are other ways to contribute.
Mikecito::Actually 1st amendment doesn't apply here.  This is a private site with terms of service that you agree to.  In those terms, it specifically forbids your very actions, Utah-Hawaii-Alum.    So your 1st amendment claim isn't only worthless here, it's also stupid. Just sayin'.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Grow a pair Mikee! All you do is whine like a 4 year old lil' girl!
REVRAND2::Did I hit a nerve there fat a$$
adamlarsonfbfan::1st amendment is right, they are exercising it too.
Rhubarbjackson::Says the guy who came here to bash a religion.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::1st amendment
REVRAND2::Hey Utah Hawaii dumb a$$, look at what fredette did for the kings as a starter this year! 17+ points per game! Look what he did to your weak a$$ utes over the last 4 years! He's riding the pine because his coach is a dumb $@%! and his teammates are jealous of the attention he gets! Move your fat a$$ back to Hawaii
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Stop the name calling you half-wit. Go play with your Jimmer action doll bro and "dream."
Rhubarbjackson::How do you know he's fat. Are all Hawaiians fat?  Are all white people slow and can't play defense?
REVRAND2::There are plenty of stupid people that are smart enough to put a guy who's as talented as fredette in when your team is getting your a$$ kicked night in and night out! Smart is stupid as hell but he is also racist and he won't be a head coach much longer!
Rhubarbjackson::I watched both play in college.  Jimmer has way more upside, way more playmaking ability.  JJ was always a set shooter coming off screens.   Not a good comparison at all unless you are talking skin color.
supe540::Yeah, JJ came in with some height to be a 2 guard.  Jimmer's learning curve is much steeper as he has to learn the point.  Might take him longer to be NBA ready.
Rhubarbjackson::I hate the JJ comparisons. Only thing they have in common is skin color. Their games are so different. Lol.
supe540::Don't think Smart is a racist.  He loved David Lee with the Dubs last year.  Could be Jimmers not ready for the NBA yet.  Just like it took JJ a few years with the Magic.  Don't think Van Gundy hates whites.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Fredette shoots 38%, plays ZERO defense and is the slowest PG in the NBA!
JBurhenn253::Testing and playing are two different things. When testing you aren't guarding anybody, there are no screens, the floor is empty. Two completely different things. When jerry rice ran his 40 it wasn't that impressive but it was said that he was the fastest guy on the field when pads were on. I don't care what tests show, I wanna see it when the game is on.
Rhubarbjackson::Yeah well he doesn't shoot a lot of air balls or get burned every time so maybe you are not watching the games at all and you are just here to be a hater because you have a pathetic life and a tiny wiener.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Yeah, well, the last three Kings games I watched.......Fredette shoots some killer air balls and gets burned by every point guard nearly every time down the court. He is just too slow.
Rhubarbjackson::He is actually pretty good. Just doesn't get consistent time and has a short leash.  I've seen him go off a few times this year though. Have you ever heard of YouTube?  Check it out.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::So what? He isn't worth a poop playing in the NBA......that's why he will be gone in less than 3-4 years.
Rhubarbjackson::I think he tested well at the combine.  Check your facts $@%!.
somethingtosay002::OK Happy, there's two
Average Screen Name::treezey is 3
Average Screen Name::He isn't racist, just stupid
AIadvocate::David Kahn: Wes Johnson or Cousins, Cousins or Johnson, Wes or DeMarcus WTF HOW DO WE NOT HAVE COUSINS/LOVE FRONTCOURT WITH RUBIO NEXT YEAR WOW
CBass1317::Did he really have that choice???  Wow.  Cuz looks unstoppable.  Just needs a good coach in his ear.
Dbasurto1::All these stars seeking stacked teams need to take note of the Rockets. Team concept and not much star power. Thats why New York Knicks team wont ever work without that there. Thats why Miami could not beat the better team Dallas.
CBass1317::Take note of the Rockets?  So they can learn how to barely make the playoffs?  SMH.  What are you talking about?  The knicks suck, but stars are required to win in this league.
Dbasurto1::The Knicks and those stars have had a worse team than the Rockets for two straight years and the Mavericks a team concept team beat the Heat. Thats what I mean. If they had no stars? Then what do the knicks have with a worse record than the Rockets?
Rhubarbjackson::So true.  NBA players have ridiculously low bball IQs.  That's why they are getting schooled by white euro players.  NBA is too obsessed with 1 on 1 basketball. Kings are the epitome of this.
Dbasurto1::They played real hard tonight against the Rockets. That team has veteran leadership in Chuck Hayes. I can see he helps Cousins out.   Now for the Rockets. Patterson contributed more to the win column even with a tin y bit less stats than Cousins. His defense and overall team concept is the missing ingredient among the Kings team. He works well with Parsons, Scola, Dragic who all play well within a team chemistry stand point.
knottfrank::has anyone said anything about earl's nickname????? i dont care if the rockets only signed him for 10 games... i want his jersey lol
Average Screen Name::psy, how serious are those rumors about evans and thornton not wanting jimmer to play?
Rhubarbjackson::How serious are those rumors that Smart belongs to NAMBLA and wants Jimmer to be his love boy?
Rhubarbjackson::No he needs to keep him fresh for the postgame.
BubbaSpiker::If that was true he'd be playing him.
TyrekeTheKing13::not serious or true
Average Screen Name::I hope not
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::I wonder what Jim Fredette's secret temple name is? Any of you LDS brethren on this thread know for a fact? I bet it is "Gilligan."
TK729::You care enough to talk smack behind your computer screen.
TK729::If Utah Alum has nothing better to do then troll this Kings-Rockets board to bash Mormons, he should reconsider what to do with his proud Utah degree since many of his colleagues are Mormons as well. And yes, I am waiting for your next derogatory Mormon comment since that's all you do on a basketball conversation board.
BubbaSpiker::Poor little Utah boy.  His Mormon girl friend dumped him and he's all butt sore.  (or was it a Mormon guy that wasn't interested in your advances.)  I guess that explains your butt sore all the more.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::I could care less about Mormons at the U. I was attending school.
TyrekeTheKing13::im mormon and i dont know what your talking about but how about you shut up
TyrekeTheKing13::obviously you know nothing but if you would like to talk basketball and not religion go right ahead
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Obviously you never participated in a LDS endowment ceremony, or you would have a secret temple name like Fredette does!
TyrekeTheKing13::smarts gotta play around with the lineup
Average Screen Name::he is too stupid
ThrowAboutNothing::Zou bisou bisou
Average Screen Name::best starting 5 for us next season IT Thornton MKG JT DMC Maybe get a better PF to start with JT on the bench
Psychrates::IF JT continues this play, we'll be mad he's a UFA
somethingtosay002::I do like IT, but Jimmer has a much higher upside. If you get Jimmer going he could be really good. IT is solid but isn't going to be a great player.
JBurhenn253::The fact that he is starting and putting up the numbers that he has as the last pick shows he has upside and that he already is a great player. Go back to coaching games from your couch and leave the sports talk to everyone else.
JBurhenn253::Which could be said for many players. Not a valid point or argument.
Psychrates::IT doesn't have the size, and whenhis explosiveness goes so does his career.
Average Screen Name::We will see, both have good upside.
ThrowAboutNothing::Where's Jimmer?
Average Screen Name::Jimmer can't play 40min a game
TyrekeTheKing13::checking in when thorntons cold
Average Screen Name::role player getting 15-20min a game at least
Average Screen Name::If we get the #2 pick, then we can trade Evans for another lotto pick or a vet
Psychrates::Jimmer's gotta shoot into the league, like a mini-Peja. Smart can't afford to let him do that right now.
Rhubarbjackson::But he can afford for IT to go 3-13 and fall down 10 times.
Psychrates::THEN, Jimmer could play 40 minutes.
Psychrates::D12 and Boogie? It's all over...
Psychrates::IF we took a one year flyer on Dwight Howard IT/Thornton/ MGK/COusins/Howard sound delicious.
Psychrates::Exactly. Paint is owned, and gunner's mistakes are cleaned up.
Average Screen Name::who to give up? Evans and who?
TyrekeTheKing13::eeehhh thornton might shoot too much but D12 will be there for all the misses
Psychrates::Who, though? @ SF?
TyrekeTheKing13::MKG
supe540::Tyreke Evans puts up numbers but he just mails in his effort too many games, particularly on defense.  Kings should move him while his stock is on the high side.
Psychrates::He's Carmelo Evans.
Average Screen Name::We need to trade him to get MKG in the draft
ThrowAboutNothing::Does anyone else think the Kings need to play Jimmer more?
79dannyo::Real Utes????? Let me tell you, I know the U of U campus inside and out. I know the school VERY well.  With all that, I can tell you it is nothing NOTHING compared to BYU.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::BYU is a joke as a learning institution. Utah is a real school.......ranked #78 in the world. BYU is #388.
TK729::You make your school Utah very proud
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Thank you! Real Utes hate BYU and Zoobs.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Fredette should get a gig selling beer at the Kings' games. Because he is too slow to play NBA basketball.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::I don't care for any religious bigots........Mormons are the worst of them all!
Rhubarbjackson::You just hate all Mormons.  I am not Mormon but I know some and they are real people.  Hating on groups of people will never be cool.
bobbydagreat::At least 43 minutes a game.
Average Screen Name::lol
Average Screen Name::We NEED to get MKG
Psychrates::If we gotta trade up using Evans as bait, yay. In fact, Evans for the #3 pick, straight across.
Rhubarbjackson::Smart just likes shoving his boner in Jimmers white $@%.
Psychrates::Hate to say it, but that's kinda the deal.
Rhubarbjackson::While IT plays with his balls.
anewman513::Classy
anewman513::Forgiven
Rhubarbjackson::Sorry for stating the obvious. My bad.
anewman513::The Kings must be regretting taking Jimmer in the 1st round.
supe540::Maybe they can move him to the Jazz for a 1st rounder.
anewman513::Yeah, why didn't the Jazz take him?  Hmmmmm....  Maybe they knew they could get him for a 4th rounder a few years later.
bobbydagreat::They would need a bigger arena if that happened.
supe540::Play him 40 min a night in Salt Lake there'd be 41 sellouts.
bobbydagreat::The Jazz would probably offer their entire roster for him.
Average Screen Name::We could have had Manimal :(
Psychrates::They did it for IT too, but IT played through.
Psychrates::SECRET: THornton and Evans have FORCED Smart to cut Fredette's minutes by REQUEST.
Rhubarbjackson::Your other secret is kinda obvious too cause they refuse to pass him the ball.
Psychrates::Check youtube gfor post game interviews or closeups during highlights.
somethingtosay002::They looked good with him out
Rhubarbjackson::Um that was obvious. Especially Webber.
Psychrates::Another secret: the 199-2003 Kings were high on the court ALL THE TIME. Particularly WEbber, Williams, and Divac...
Psychrates::I wanted Iguodala @ the trade deadline.
Average Screen Name::Evans has to go
Psychrates::Yep. In one corner. Evans thornton Salmons Greene  The other Cousins, fredette IT JT rest of the lockerroom keeps it kosher.
Average Screen Name::really?
Psychrates::Anonymous source. You can't breathe a thing in Sac.
Rhubarbjackson::Source
anewman513::Sorry for the statement of the obvious.   My bad.
UHcougar_14::Forgiven
UHcougar_14::Ya think? Lol
Psychrates::They wouldn't have gotten anyone better @ that position.
anewman513::That may be true.  Truly sad if it is.
UHcougar_14::Psychrates needs professional help
Psychrates::Condescension will get you nowhere.
UHcougar_14::You make me laugh. Anyway, see ya another time when Houston beats up on Sac. I'm outta here
Psychrates::ok, sparky...ok...
UHcougar_14::I think it's past someone's bedtime. It seems we're getting a little cranky when told the truth
Psychrates::Sure, says the guy hiding his face. @ least this is me, jerky.
Rhubarbjackson::Jersey shore!
UHcougar_14::Your anger proves your insecurity
Average Screen Name::I think Jimmer will be a good player and know he can really shoot it. I agree that him getting the time he has gotten recently is stupid, but I'm soooooooooooooooooo annoyed by the jimmer fans who rip the team every which way when he doesn't get his time.
somethingtosay002::There is one Jimmer fan that does that and he is doing It to provoke. He is running a campaign trying to get someone in authority to play Jimmer. Your annoyance is just a pleasant side effect for him.
Average Screen Name::he thinks its race obviously
somethingtosay002::It is reason enough for chad because he either really thinks it is a race thing or he just knows that is the most provocative thing he can say.
Average Screen Name::I get that jimmer fans love to watch him play, but some are obsessed about it. He deserves more time and the coach does suck, but no reason to attack the entire team.
UHcougar_14::Like this if you think we should trade Kevin Martin
Psychrates::Martin, patterson and 1st for Evans, JT and a 2nd.
Average Screen Name::hell no
Psychrates::He needs double screens. He can get that in Sac.
Psychrates::It works fo r me annoying you. So, no.
UHcougar_14::Stop liking your own comment
Psychrates::DO you have a reference, your doc handles your megalomania pretty well.
UHcougar_14::Hopefully your anger can be cured by a professional
Psychrates::I told 'er. "Taste The Rainbow!'
Psychrates::Sure $@%!$@%. and your mother needs new lipstick my balls look like a bag of skittles.
UHcougar_14::And you need counseling from a professional
MavsNation92::How about Lamar Odom for Kevin Martin or how about you just take him for free
bobbydagreat::I would be willing to take Lamar Odom if the Mavs are willing to give up Dirk along with him, and a second round pick.
UHcougar_14::Lol
bobbydagreat::Can't get much for him now anyway, might as well let him heal up and see if the reason he was playing so poorly was due to the injury.
UHcougar_14::Yeah probably
UHcougar_14::A Jimmer fanboy... Oh my, what has this world come to?
somethingtosay002::Dave Rose is a Jimmer Fanboy
ThrowAboutNothing::Another great game by Jimmer.  He probably won't win ROY but he should get some votes.
Psychrates::Even the 'Jackmormons are awesome.' Bad mormons are good people. Who knew?
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Millions more Jack Mormons than active LDS folks. That's for sure!
Rhubarbjackson::Hitler:  I don't think Jews are real people.
Rhubarbjackson::I love how bigotry is okay when your talking about Mormons.   If anyone posted that $@%! about Jews they would be crucified.
bobbydagreat::I hear Jews are fond of crucifixion.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::All Mormons will vote for Fredette, just like they did for Prop 8. If they don't, LD$ Inc. will excommunicate them........ obedience is the Mormon gig, or else!
TK729::If Utah Alum has nothing better to do then troll this Kings-Rockets board to bash Mormons, he should reconsider what to do with his proud Utah degree since many of his colleagues are Mormons as well. And yes, I am waiting for your next derogatory Mormon comment since that's all you do on a basketball conversation board.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::They are creepy......by the way, my last name is Romney......a curse these days!
bobbydagreat::They very well may be decent people, I don't doubt that for a bit actually, there is just something creepy about them, like gingers.
Psychrates::You're thinking scientologists. Mormons are super decent people.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::They aren't.......puppets!
bobbydagreat::I have a hard time believing that Mormons are real people.
Average Screen Name::It doesn't really matter what I say, chad is too dumb and obsessed with jimmer to think straight
Rhubarbjackson::Jimmer has more fans than the Kings so...
somethingtosay002::Good, glad you're still around
somethingtosay002::Is this Happy with a new screen name?
Average Screen Name::yes
bobbydagreat::Mormons.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::A Mormon BYU Zoob.........doesn't get any more pathetic than that.
sykog::Imagine if Kobe played on the Kings, theyd be lucky to have 10 assists a game
bobbydagreat::And they'd be lucky to have the 17 wins they have now.
UHcougar_14::Who is this bozo that keeps saying "47, 47, 47"
CDH11153::Well the poster he keeps replying to is a obsessed with Jimmer to obviously he keeps bringing it up!!!!
Average Screen Name::jimmer scored 47 on utah, he is obsessed with jimmer
CDH11153::Ya he has played in what 35 games now????? What a bust?????
UHcougar_14::Obsessed with Jimmer? LMFAO. What a bust
12chrisG::Why did the Rockets let Terrence Williams go? I thought he had some potential
3rdCoastTexan::TWill could play SG so that is the only reason i would question us keeping up
Psychrates::Gasol is done. Why do you think LA is trading him...
3rdCoastTexan::the whole point of the trade was to free up cap space to sign Nene. a front court of Nene and Gasol would be pretty good with the good young players we have right now
12chrisG::That was a $@%!$@ trade anyway. We would've had no bench plus Gasol isn't playing very well
3rdCoastTexan::yes i agree. Martin's value is dropping...we should trade him while we can. We tried but the commisioner vetoed the trade....for "basketball reasons"
12chrisG::I think they should trade Martin. Courtney Lee is a better overall player, and he's younger.
3rdCoastTexan::Chadler Parsons is playing very well and we have Budinger and they are trying to get Marcus Morris to play the 3
UHcougar_14::Me too
