weldy56::Laker Land one way to fix these issues.....Trades..... Dwight for Kevin Love (UCLA guy) and JJ Barea (extra pick/roll after Nash).... Pau Gasol for Tyson Chandler ( Doesn't need the ball and plays D-Fense) and Steve Novak ( 3's......hello).....Bulks the bench and each player is at there best with the D'Toni system......
WiUche::never happening
headlessorphan::your a idiot.
Blackryder45::an*
preetybetty@yahoo.com::wtf is wrong with the lakers
Erban Legend was a good boy.::Kobe and many other players play absolutely no defense.
Erban Legend was a good boy.::I love how David Stern trolled the hell out of the Lakers. Vetoed Chris Paul going to the Lakers and then he goes to the Clippers and now they are way better than the Lakers lmao.
Mr.BrianPeppersVI::Your reaching. The Clips are fools gold
Erban Legend was a good boy.::I didn't say they are a championship team but they are definitely better than the Lakers...
Mr.BrianPeppersVI::Lakers can't even buy a .500 winning ball team this year. Their playing with a stacked deck and yet their fans can't figure out why we think this is so funny... typical Faker fans
WiseTrojanFan::Dear Commissioner Stern:  1. You are not a good commissioner.  2. That was not a flagrant foul on Dwight Howard.  3. I am not a Dwight Howard fan. I was hopeful the Lakers wouldn't sign a "coach killer."  4. I like Kenneth Faried, and as a Lakers Fan, I would much rather have him on the Lakers than Howard. Still, that was not a flagrant foul.  5. If you don't know what a "coach killer" is, see:     a. Baron Davis     b. Deron Williams     c. Overpaid players that blame others for not winning.
The Real Andre Herring::I miss Goudelock...too bad Mr. Potato head ran him out of town
brazzo09::Goudelock got worse that's y he was cut
The Unemployed Mamba::I am the Unemployed Mamba.  I stay at home while other Mamba's are out there in the jungles hunting for their food.
The Unemployed Mamba::You know who needs to step up.....Darius Morris.  I needs me sum mo' Darius Morris up in this piece.
The Unemployed Mamba::The Portland TrailBlazers are gonna run the Lakers to the ground tomorrow!  Damien Lilliard will dance all over Steve Nash's foot in mud defense.
The Unemployed Mamba::I think D12 should go to Chicago.  DRose and the D12 connection.
WiseTrojanFan::As a Lakers fan, I would trade Howard to Chicago for Deng and Noah if the Bulls would do the deal. I would do that deal in a second. Two hard-working players. One can play perimeter defense, the other can defend the post. Both run the floor hard. Neither cause trouble off the court. Neither would come out and bash their coach in the media. Do the deal...NOW!
The Unemployed Mamba::No way was D'Antoni gonna beat George Karl with his style of play.  Coach Karl plays fast too but under control more.
The Unemployed Mamba::Dwight should be suspended for at least a couple of games so he can attend to his non-funny Ghost Hunting commercials.  Shaq was funny.  Dwight sounds like some desperate comedian.
The Unemployed Mamba::D12 should be suspended!  He aimed for the face, no contact on the ball.  Go back to your Ghost Hunting commercials with your wanna be comedian personality.
LetsDiscussRealSports::"Thou shalt not speaketh baddeth about our lord kobe"  --kobe fans leaving kobe church--  "our mamba which are in heaven..."
The Unemployed Mamba::Pretty soon, they'll be a new religion called Mambaism.  It seems like every year a new made-up religion springs up.
Blakemg1::Trolls were nowhere to be found during the winning streak, now all of a sudden the Lakers lose one game and they're back in force talking about Kobe is a ball hog and whatever bs.   Yeah he forces some shots. But he is the only player who brings a consistent effort every night. His team plays better when he shoots less. That doesn't mean he should shoot less. That means his team should play better.   Meeks couldn't hit the side of a barn the last two games. They're gonna need him to hit open shots. With Nash around there will be plenty.   If Kobe can't trust his teammates to hit open shots, why should he pass it to them?  Dwight's defense has gotten better the last week or two also.   The lakers are gonna be fine. You trolls have your fun while you can
Future Primitive::They were definitely around when Kobe chucked 41 times.
Mr.BrianPeppersVI::Is it time for the Fakers to panic yet?
LetsDiscussRealSports::No
The Real Andre Herring::Kobe is the only one holding this team back now. Unless he takes less shots and learns how to play without the ball then this is a failed experiment. Nash should of went to the Pacers and Magic should of just accepted that Lopez trade. They would be much better off.
Mambaholic 33::So basketball a team gm...Dame!!   --Kobe
Future Primitive::17 years later and he still hasn't learned how to play the game the right way.
Aeiouy.com::Defense
Conky Bubs::techlite writing a whole book on him self down there
dwade grater den jordan 2.0::techlite thinks hes a 'baller"  LMAO
TechLight84::Well I did play varsity ball, but I'm not exactly a draft pick. I guess that's better than two dudes who don't even know what a basketball feels like, or ever looked at a play book. Lol  I like how the response to actual analytical info and numbers is...we'll basically nothing. Lol   Have fun learning basketball. I'm out.
Conky Bubs::always this guy assuming nobody has ever done anything, and he knows everything
Future Primitive::You did not play varsity ball.  You were the team manager and you loved the smell of their sweaty jerseys as you loaded them into the washer.
dwade grater den jordan 2.0::ooo varsity ball!!! u rock man!!
Future Primitive::"I scored 15 in a game once in 7th grade, I know bball!"
gatorfan808::Techlight84-  You make no sense.  Rules have changed since the Jordan era that favors the offense. Hand checking were allowed back than and also flagrant fouls now were just hard fouls back than.  Jordan would dominate this era even more.  When you bring in superstars on the team to help with the offense, your shots should be going down, not up.  Bryant leads the league in shot attempts and if you watched the games, he shoots a lot of bad shots.  Teams like Atlanta and Golden State and Memphis have no superstars but are winning because they share the ball.  Lakers have more talent but Kobe takes his teammates out of the game.  Look at the Celtics when Garnett, Pierce and Allen got together, all of them had less attempts but they won.  Bryant is a ball hog, it is that simple.  Durant and Lebron both take less shots per game and take better shots than Kobe.
Mambaholic 33::BTW: taking 30 shots gm doesn't make any sense, and less supporting it.  Yes i played my whole life and won many-many championships
Mambaholic 33::Never mentioned its absolute guarantee to winning ever single gm...anyone can get hot - where's Spurs know?   I never said anything about Kobe post gm, it's as good as anyone! probably should use that more than jacking up ridiculous ill advise shoots ever gm
Mambaholic 33::Leader lead - Gunner's shoot. Leaders make others around them BETTER! it's simple fact...Tom Brady come to mind. there has never been a player in sports history that's gone threw more talent than Kobe, or gotten less out of them
gatorfan808::The recent New York Yankees come to mind.
TechLight84::Yes I did play basketball. I played varsity ball actually. And a miss is as good as a miss. So the best player taking a shot in double coverage is as good as a cold shooter taking a wide open 20 footer.   In fact is both are likely to miss, the better option is the man in double coverage because you have a mismatch on the rebound. I'll take a putback from a teammate even if I have to take a brick. Miss is a miss, 2 points is 2 points. Wide open 15 footers aren't worth more magically. And that's if the cold shooter even makes it.
gatorfan808::You make no sense.  Your only point is athleticism.  No doubt better athletes today than ever.  Athleticism does not lead to winning.  Heat were far more athletic than the Mavs but they lost, Celtics back in the 80s not that athletic against the Lakers but games were always close.  Spurs, not a very athletic team but they keep winning.    Final point, Kobe is no where near MJ in the post.  You post that near the top of this blog and almost everyone will say you are crazy but you are entitled to your opinion.
Mambaholic 33::And 50% from field is far greater than 45% and many gms at 30 or under
TechLight84::When has Kobe had spot up shooters since jones/Horry? Lol he passes when he has them. Are you counting mcroberts or smush or Walton? Lol  Not till now has he had any, and guess what he averages close to a half dozen assists. So he does pass.  And I don't think you want to bring post game into this. Kobe is the best post up guard in history. He has better footwork on his post game than most centers in the league last ten years. Watch that video, they go into it.  The game has changed since MJ. You just gotta accept that. What was once a great level is now above average level. Every generation eventually becomes watered down. That's just reality.
Mambaholic 33::That's why MJ struggled just finishing his career off - the athlete of the decade...Shaq alone would have crushed any of them...There r so many great defenders today the list is long to mention. the game is so much faster, at least for those who can see...Ask the Lakers 5 all-stars
TechLight84::Exactly. The average level of player physically and fundamentally is way higher than 15 years ago.  That's why older coaches have shorter tenures now and only a few can still hang.
TechLight84::Btw about bad shots....Kobe taking a jumper in double coverage and still almost sinking it, bad shot.  But, how is Meeks going 2-18 wide open or Dwight bricking 2 footers after Kobe makes the play to him any better?  When the team shoots better Kobe doesn't shoot. I've seen plenty games where he has taken 5 shots or less by halftime.  Every possession SOMEONE has to take the shot. It's math. So a bad shot is as good as another bad shot and is better than no shot at all.
gatorfan808::Did you ever play basketball?  Did a coach ever tell a player to shoot with 2 guys in your face.  The talent Bryant has around him, the guy has to trust his teammates beause as the playoffs come those guys are going to have to make shots. The more attempts that they get the better they will be.  Looks great to make a tough shot, tough to win when your teammates don't expect to get looks.  If they are winning fine, but when you are not, looks pretty bad.
TechLight84::Gator fan- never said they were a break driven team, just great on the fast break. Can't deny they weren't. Pipp, Jordan, great outlet guards around them, I can't count How many hi lights have MJ and pipp on the fast break.  They were also a great half court set team. But they had great spot up shooters, pax, kukoc, Kerr, MJ, pipp, even BJ. Can't truly commit the double team with any of those guys open on the wing and that's exactly what happened. Or else why would you leave one jazz defender to cover MJ that last shot in the finals?  And it's insane to think that players aren't better trained and educated today. Insane. There are NCAA teams that could be playoff teams in 88. Player iq and fundamentals are WAY higher now. NBA coaches have attested to that on countless interviews on Association, backstage, draft day, etc.  Modern players get better every decade, generation, etc. not just athletically. It's insane to think they got better after the 50's, after the 60's, after the 70's-80's, and stopped at the 90's. that's literally makes no sense.
gatorfan808::Like you said he had great spot up shooters that he would actually pass to when they are open.  Does Bryant do that?  MJ also knew how to evolve his game.  He became the Bulls main post up player when athletically he wasn't the same.  He wasn't the best athlete but he was still the best player.  He took a lot of shots but for the most part they were in part of the offense.   Better trained today definitely, educated, no. Some of these guys cannot run simple pick and rolls, way too much one on one today.  Free throw shooting is terrible.  Why have the Spurs been good for so long, because they know how to run the simple plays and play together as a team.
Mambaholic 33::Hand checking or not the players are far better athletes, 7-ftrs shooting 3's better than players fg%, CP-Wade-Lebron-KD-Melo-Love who the hell would be able to guard these guys...Our collage kids could not only compete in Olympics but win at one time. loved watching MJ play but the game has evolved like technology - like football and many sports...living in the past is just that - living in denial.
gatorfan808::For all the guys you named, Jordan, Drexler, Barkley, Malone, Pippen, Wilkens, Kemp were all just as athletic as the guys you mentioned in today's era.  The big men back than were more athletic and coordinated than the big men you see today.  Kendrick Perkins would not be starting for any NBA team in the 80s or 90s.  Olajuwon, Ewing, Robinson and Mourning are bettere than any center in the league today.
TechLight84::Future primitive- lmao I don't know where you've been the last 12 years but here's a ten minute summary. If you can't watch the whole thing, then you can't hate.  http://m.youtube.com/#/watch?v=RyKgaeAoa-g
TechLight84::Byw Jordan led in shot attempts every year he played. Kobe has more seasons and STILL trails MJ in shot attempts and MJ is barely a couple points ahead in shot%, which is nothing. So the Kobe ball hog hate should go the other direction.
gatorfan808::Ball hog is not always the amount of shots, it is the amount of bad shots taken. Kobe takes a lot more bad shots than anyone in the league.
TechLight84::If you played ball, you'd understand that hand checking keeps you with your man, not allows a foul. Kobe is notorious for being the best shooter under man pressure in history so hand check doesn't bring his numbers down because the defenders are on him anyway. Ignorant people assume hand check means clothesline. It doesn't.  If anything it would make Kobe's defense better and modern rules would bring mj defense down. Most ball handlers move like iverson now than in 98, and we saw how MJ looked on iverson.  Btw, MJ doesn't agree with you guys on Kobe...lol so there's that.  Go ahead and look up obscure percentages to pick apart a justifiably great player in Kobe. I'll wait here. Lol
gatorfan808::You haven't obviously watched the Jordan's Bulls when you claim they were a fast break team.  Look at the playoff series between Bulls and the Pistons, the Knicks, Pacers, the Jazz and there was not too many 100 point games because of it was defense that won championships.  I will give you that there are better athletes but not better basketball players or defenders.  Players knew how to play within a team concept back when Jordan was playing, you don't see guys taking low percentage shots like Bryant and taking their entire team out of the game.  There was one player in the Jordan era that took as many bad shots like Kobe and it was Dominique Wilkens.
Future Primitive::"Kobe is notorious for being the best shooter under man pressure in history"  LMAO.  He is not even close to that.
dwade grater den jordan 2.0::true dis
gatorfan808::Kobe Bryant better figure it out, he is not going to be scoring champ and win the championship. He is not Jordan.  Look at all the elite teams, the Spurs and Clippers win as a team. Heat, Knicks and Thunder have superstars but Durant, James and now even Carmelo Anthony don't take their teammates out of the game.  Kobe fans will say he is shooting at a high percentage but look at the games, he takes away from Howard and Gasol.  Andrew Bynum's statement has some truth in it where if you play with Bryant, you are not going to flourish.
TechLight84::Lol stop liking your own comments.
dwade grater den jordan 2.0::make me
TechLight84::If he is shooting at above 40% then his touches are as good as anyone else's. so if you give someone else those shots that's taking points off the board that Kobe is scoring since he is shooting as high or higher % than most of the others on the team. Combine that with a higher free throw % than Dwight and its even more points off the board when he creates free throws that are now in Dwight's hands instead if the look goes to Dwight.  Mathematically he is doing the right thing. Meeks and maybe arrest should probably give up shots to Dwight and Gasol. Last game they were like a combined 5-30 or something.  And bringing up MJ into the convo. Different era. Average level of player is far higher than 15 years ago and the science of team defensive schemes wouldn't allow even Jordan to be a 25-30ppg guy now without including his teammates who he always had a couple all stars and GREAT spot up shooters around him. Nothing to do with Kobe/MJ p4p ability. MJ was a more primitive era and had GREAT spot up shot support to negate him ever having to eat true double teams. MJ was also on a great fast break team.  Totally different story, it's about the modern game and also their respective team setups.
dwade grater den jordan 2.0::Kobe sux get off his balls
ambivalentsins::the 6'6 iverson shoots them out of another one ha ha
uncallday252::The lakers will not win against anybody, regardless of who they have, if they cannot play DEFENSE, is it that hard to do.
HOLLOW51386::they showed it against the knicks. that is the way the need to play
scottpilgrim33::Hi My name is Kobe Bryant. and I am not smarter than a 5th grader
scottpilgrim33::Lakers haven't even been over 500 all season
HOLLOW51386::they actually have but only 1 game over
Adam8066::Lakers fiasco.
DalvinSplit::Lakers  Again below 500%  not good ,not good at all ...............who is to be fired NEXT
coldasshonkey::500% did you mean 50% or .500
TwiztidKennyD::I am a Heat fan, and although I don't like to admit it-- the Lakers will be fine once the dust settles.  Nobody will be able to beat them out in the west in a 7 game series.  Heck I don't even like Kobe, but the guy has a will.  Hope to see you guys in the finals against us
SHOOT IT KOBE::heat ain't making the finals this year.
ambivalentsins::try AA or the 12 step program, it actually works.
DalvinSplit::NO  you will see  Spurs or OKC
Alex47666::i bet the nuggets will do it this year
blood on the carpet::whos wife is the ugliest?... chris pauls or lebrons?
HOLLOW51386::they're married to regular woman not some fake super model
Chris31708::As long as teams have players that can guard Dwight well, Dwight will have <b>0</b> championships. The guy has shown against the Pistons, Celtics, and Lakers that he can't handle good defensive pressure.
scottpilgrim33::"As long as I get my 40, I don't care if we lose or win"  Kobe
Future Primitive::Most 40/6/4 games since 1985:  1. Michael Jordan, 1987-2002: 63 2. LeBron James, 2004-2011: 34 3. Allen Iverson, 1997-2007: 27 4. Kobe Bryant, 2000-2013: 21 5. Larry Bird, 1986-1992: 19 6. Dwyane Wade, 2005-2010: 17
socialsatyr11::So what your saying is that Kobe is the least productive dude on the list based on his time in the league. Got it.
hyyurr::The only thing wrong with the Lakers is Morris, Duhon, Meeks and Antawn. Morris and Duhon don't do $@%!, i mean comon. Morris didn't even take a shot attempt and he started...wtf? Duhon had 2 points, which i think are his first 2 points of the season.....Meeks isn't good for those of you who actually think he is. He had ONE good game and after that, what? A streaky $@% shooter with a terrible form. Antawn...I dont know whats wrong with him, he had a good season last year...I hope hes just injured, if not...he sucks too.
HOLLOW51386::jamison is good. mike d doesn't want to use him. morris and duhon are no good. they should get goudelock back. meeks yes is a streaky shooter but who else on the roster can they depend on.
Sonic_Sooner::I can think of a few more things wrong with the Fakers than just Morris, Duhon, Meeks and Jamieson.
socialsatyr11::Jamison can't live on 5 shots a game. Tell your boy to pass the rock.
MedinaCuevas::Mike D loves a 7 or max 8 man rotation .... just ask us Knick fans
COLOTIME4114::No way, he loves having his teams play NO Defense, a lot mor
MedinaCuevas::how long b4 Kobe is hurt PLAYING 40+ MINUTES A GAME
Lebron James MVPX3::Only Kobe could make 3 hall of famers worse not better.
Chris31708::Anyone thinks the Lakers can beat the Nuggets in a 7 Game series?
HOLLOW51386::they proved it last year.
COLOTIME4114::Anyone think the lakers will get to a spot where they are playing in a 7 game series?
Chris31708::LOL good question.
Peter26811::I live out in LA and all the laker fans were all excited about their little win streak. people were talking about how they had turned the corner and were gonna make a run in the pacific starting in denver. well they were all wrong, and the clipps havent lost in about 3 weeks so i'm not sure about all that. either way, the lakers are entertainment so i enjoy keeping up with them even though i'm a suns fan
PFMMVP::Only $@%! like the Lakers.
scottpilgrim33::Lakers are done. over
PFMMVP::The NBA is a modern form of Mandingo fighting.
Sonic_Sooner::Only if Artest and Howard are playing.  [everyone should see Django, BTW; only Kerry Washington could look smokin' hot dressed like a slave girl]
spurs_01999::oh you saw django
Jake-Macauley::Nuggets are just better than the Lakers. Get them a pure shooter and they are complete.
Sonic_Sooner::Galinari?
karateguy28::Meeeeeeeeeeeeks
epochme::knicks have JK, he will not let them lose in the first round.
PFMMVP::Who is JK?
dwade grater den jordan 2.0::kidd
dwade grater den jordan 2.0::but will go out in 2nd
PFMMVP::The Jew York Knicks will lose in the first round again.
CubicleJoe::heh?
dwade grater den jordan 2.0::east is heats, ny will choke and come back 2 reality
CubicleJoe::go back and look at who the nuggets lost to in each of those playoff series.  it was always a better team.
mrcertified513::Are you 100% sure.... A 100% sure?  Put your money where your mouth is in Vegas if you that confident!!!!
PFMMVP::Carmelo is a perennial playoff loser, Felton stinks, half their team is over the hill.  It's just a matter of time before the sh.it hits the fan in NY. And when it does I will be happily laughing.  Hate Carmelo.
dwade grater den jordan 2.0::me 2 nuggs r my west team i like i always hated him in denver.. but i dont hate JR as much
PFMMVP::Deron Williams will regret not signing with Dallas.
Sonic_Sooner::Does ANYONE think Deron WIlliams playing for PJ Carlissimo can work out well?  This could be Sprewell The Sequel!
dwade grater den jordan 2.0::he already misses utah haha
epochme::he already does
epochme::kobe and nash, watching the playoffs from home-- dantoni fired by end of season.
dwade grater den jordan 2.0::imagine how good bynum and howard wud be if they caired
epochme::Dwight, beat down that f.ing rapist before you go to dallas and kick the lakers $@%!$ for the next ten years.
