Quintus Greene::I bet you after this game NOBODY will talk about how Lin completely shut down Calderon. Calderon went 0 for 8? I only saw Lin get scored on once, when they put him on Ellis, but we'll just go right back to acting like his defense is lacking. Kind of ridiculous.
Denzel Boksingero::Haters will just say Lin is a trash because of his 6 TOs, which are negated by his 4 assists, 3 steals, and rebounds. Lin has an off night in terms of shooting and his 6 TOs are disturbing, but his aggressiveness helped to contributed 14 points. But he held the opponent's PG scoreless.
Ravi Mahalingam::Denzel Boksingero over 50% from the field; 2nd leading scorer on the team; helped to hold one of the better backcourts in the league to lower productivity than their average.  He was very solid and really the x-factor in beating the Mavs.
Wally Rouzer::chandler parson no three tonight 0 of 5
Fjodor Balla::Go Mavs! 9-2 against the Rockets in last 3 years.Let's keep dominating them!
Taylor Schoppa::YEAH! BECAUSE SOMEHOW HISTORY MEANS ANYTHING in SPORTS!! (Sarcasm)
Jason Connolly::IT'S A GOOD THING YOU SPECIFIED THAT YOU WERE BEING SARCASTIC.  I DON'T THINK HE WOULD HAVE KNOWN IF YOU HADN'T.  (also sarcasm)
Fjodor Balla::Taylor Schoppa ... Glad you discovered the Caps Lock key by the end of your sentence.
Hsern Ern Tan::Predicting another win for the great Rockets!
Bbears Eighteight::Rockets were losing to the Bobcats in the beginning of the game. But then something happened. Beverley goes down, Harden goes out, and Garcia and Lin step in. And the Rockets turn it around, get the lead, and never look back. I look at post-game interviews about lack of ball movement ("sticky ball"). I look at the coaches plan in the beginning, and how things were altered, and how the game turned into a win. Definitely there is some kinks to be worked out.
Denzel Boksingero::With Harden running the show as playmaker, "sticky ball" time. Even with Howard, it's easy to shut down the Rockets. Just focus on shutting down Harden. The lowly Bobcats did it, preventing Parsons and Howard from ever getting into an offensive rhythm. Without Lin in the starting line up, nobody can regulate Harden's sticky ballgame.
Goerge Hyde::Denzel Boksingero, this was also game one with this team.  I think they'll workout the spacing.
Matt Pilkington::Denzel Boksingero  Plus, Harden had back issues and is still nagged by that knee injury from preseason.  And Chandler Parsons lit them up in the 3rd quarter.  And that's why you have a bench, guys like Lin and Garcia come in and help the team get the W.  The Bobcats look like a much improved team from last year in that first game.  I give them credit where credit is due
Zach Miller::If we come out and play defense like we did tonight then we have a very good chance to have a great season. Go H-Town, this'll be a good early game with the retooled Mavs.
Jonathan E. Collins::Wow Cuban's franchise looks great; much better than the Rockets lol.  Cuban thinks howard is an "idiot" for going to Houston.  Cuban is a jerk.
Guy Mann::Are you a baby? Did Cuban hurt your feelings? You sound like a whiny kid. You should probably take a nap.  You seem cranky.
Jonathan E. Collins::U are whining about me no face man.  No i just like pissing you off and its working.  Everyone hates Cuban but Dallas fans.  Are u sad that your Mavericks are getting throttled by the better team??  Im happy we are winning; not cranky at all :)
Jonathan E. Collins::Is it in good taste to tell everyone that doesnt cone to your team that they are "idiots."  Read the article.  Kobe and Phil hate Cuban fir that.  You like Mark Cuban and his big mouth?  Everytime he talks he sounds like a know it all lol.
Steven Anacker::At first Dallas was just another mediocre team on the Rockets schedule. But after Cuban's stupid comments, I hope the Rockets destroy them.
Matt Pilkington::I expect Dwight to show out tonight
Mike Wagener::Mark Cuban.  BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Ed Lewis::How do you say "turnover" in Chinese?  Jeremy Lin!!
Chris Bramlet::First quarter in the books...Rockets look dominant!
Ryan Fairfield::Cuban's comments will make it that much sweeter when the Rockets win this game.
Adam Kucharski::Blowout in he making, go ROCKETS!!!!
Henry Liang::Dirk could potentially cause a lot problems for the Howard/Asik frontcourt.
Jonathan Nieves::As per usual. Dirk has been a problem for the opposing team since 01'. MVP, MVP of the finals. Lead his team to two finals and one championship. Nuff said. I want to see how Monta responds after that offensive barrage in game one.
Kimberly Nearns::Was thinking the same thing, hes the 1 PF you probably do not want to go super big with all the time, because if they go big with him in the game  it does 2 things..allows Dirk to guard a player with no offensive skill( Asik) and on defense takes one of them away from the basket.  This game will be won tonight based on how many times Harden gets his ass to the line
Matt Pilkington::Kimberly Nearns  But wouldn't that work out for us?  If Dirk is guarding Asik, then tell me who on the Mavs is going to stop Howard?
Tony Giarratano::Let's go, Rockets!
Jonathan E. Collins::Cuban "Thats what kids do, make mistakes (referring to Howard."  Howard - "Cuban, I would have gone to Dallas but I wanted to win more than i wanted to play for an arrogant prick Billionaire.  Houston has two titles to your one, And Houston is built to win."  Dallas's organization is great... by losing standards.
Guy Mann::What a moronic hater you are.  Why do Houston fans act like idiots?
Jonathan E. Collins::Cuban said hateful things; everyone agrees that he is a prick.  Im just responding to him
Guy Mann::No they don't.  He's a billionaire that doesn't give a crap like a little puke like you.  Why are you a pathetic hater?
Denzel Boksingero::Hoping to be wrong but this is my prediction in the first quarter: Howard, Harden, Parsons, Asik and Beverly line up with get a beating from the Mavs in the first quarter. 30  points Mavs, 15 points Rockets.
Goerge Hyde::The Rockets may not win but, I'll be surprised if the Mavericks have a big offensive night.  Yes, they have some guards but, they have nothing down low.
Jonathan Nieves::Nothing down low?????? OK. You must not have watched the mavs first game. Sammy and Blair did their thing. I'm not saying they're better than Howard and Asik but they can handle them.
Kyle Pawlak::Goerge Hyde Neither will the rockets. They won't be able to role both Howard and Asik out there in my opinion. BAD matchup against Dirk, he will just shoot out in the perimeter.  They may start out that way, but don't see it going for long stretches. Sam D. is a quality big that if he is motivated can handle his own. So the nothing down low is a poor choice of words.
Jonathan Nieves::This is going to be a great game. They both need to be battle tested. What better way to test how good these teams are! Go Mavs, stop the turnovers and this game is ours, if not Houston is going to stomp on us.
Jonathan E. Collins::Harden takes out Dirk with an and one; game over.  Go Rockets.
Harry Boughner::Every time Harden flops to the floor a tampon gets its wings. Seriously, James needs to watch a little less soccer, I haven't seen someone land on their feet and end up on the ground this often since Dwayne Wade in 06.
Marco Hinojosa::Oh stfu already, you posted a YouTube video that contradicted you calling him a flopper idiot....
Jonathan E. Collins::Guy Mann is either on meth or terribly upset that his team may lose.  He said the Rockets are going nowhere.  Why do all experts have them in the top 4 in the West?  Last year they weren't even supposed to make the playoffs if u remember.  Why does "Guy Mann" have no face or pic?  Lol...scary.
Guy Mann::Because I am not stupid enough to give facebook or ESPN my real name. That's what idiots do.  Idiots also think the Rockets are going to do anything in the playoffs when the guys they have, have a history of folding like cheap lawn furniture. Dwight quits on teams.  That's what he does.  If you think they can keep him motivated all year long you are hilariously retarded.
Jonathan E. Collins::So u are glad Dallas did not get Dwight?  He isn't going to quit on the Rockets since this is the first team he chose with no reservations when all his options were open.  Hakeem teaches big men how to play BIG.
Jonathan E. Collins::Why did Cuban go after a quitter?  I thought he was smart, Guy?
Will Schmitz::NBA Fantasy draft at 12:00am ET (11:00pm CT) tonight. It's a 16-team league, so help me out and join, please!  http://games.espn.go.com/fba/tools/join?leagueId=278823
John Osaki Jr.::Nowitzki vs. Howard tonight! Two of the best big-men of the current era. If you are a big-time Nowitzki and Howard fan check out the new edition book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Josh O'Brien::Difference is one is nearly finished (Dirk) and the other is going to help lead his team deep into the playoffs.
Stan Anvik::22 turnover and 17 missed free throws and yet Houston still pulled their starters with 3 minutes left.  Imagine what happens if they cut down the turnovers and missed free throws?
Rohan Ravishankar::LOL, Mark Cuban is such a moron.  What is it with Dallas teams and stuck-up owners? He needs to be tied to a chair and have Dwight laugh in his face for 10 minutes.
Scott Baker::Surprised to see empty seats for this interstate rivalry. Maybe Seattle should buy the Rockets if they cant fill the stands in Houston.
Bredy Charles::The Mavs these days don't fill up the seats
