Randy Dixon::Boston is complete garbage lol magic already closed that gap now it's game over....I give Rondo about a week before he wants a trade
Brett Reid::that last play by boston was the most pathtic thing i have ever watched in the nba..
Jason Aschenbrenner::agreed. not even to get a shot off. Welcome to the D League Boston Celtics.... You suck!!!
Robert Roncaglia::Part of their tanking in 2014
Brett Reid::wtf was that humphries... really...
Rajko Dugandzic::Both teams have a bunch of losers(Rondo,Humphries, Davis) don't  have any chance to make playoffs
Charles Gates::I'm pretty sure neither team wants to make the playoffs.
Christina Day Pearson::Wow, the Bruins, the Pats, and now this?  What a day for "title town."  And I like Brad Stevens.
Ted Striker::wheres the love at Celtics magic fan am I the only Celtics fan on espn
Chelo Mejias::Who are you? you ain't even a top commenter lol
Rajko Dugandzic::West Orange,Dr Philips,Apopka and Oakridge high school have bether players then R.Rondo
Kelley Crooks::Never saw tanking look so good.  Celts taking it to the next level of art form with last second TO into the stands.   Just WoW.
Mike Bird Munger::LOMFL@ THE FTA'S BEING 13-0......BUT LET ME GUESS, THE REFS DON'T HAVE AN AGENDA AGAINST US RIGHT!?!?  GTFOH.
Randy Dixon::Boston is 13-27 nobody cares about your garbage team...your losing to the magic think about that before your next post
Sean Cerreta::For anyone who cares, the line in this game is an f job because people in Orlando don't bet, and Boston is all aver the minus 3
Ron Midgette::And gerald wallace. Does he make an effort NOT to score?? Whats he trying to prove!
Alex R Hughes::Celtics fan here....perfect game: kept it close, yet lost.
Chelo Mejias::What the hell happened to Jeff Green? it's like he doesn't care anymore
Chelo Mejias::Refs are just hating on the c's in this game. Whistle after whistle
Brandon Steadman::I hate to say I'm even a Celtic's fan but they are garbage right now.
Shaun Mitts::CELTICS SUCK! With or Without Rondo. Suck it Simmons
Matt Provost::Guys, chill out it's not like their main goal is to win now…
Jason Aschenbrenner::We noticed....
Sean Cerreta::Celtics blow...how can they be favored by three?
Samit Jain::boston worst team in nba and its not even close
Steven Rivera::Hows those Patriots fans doing?
La Beneamata::magic win this one by 7 point
Dennis Droney::When will we talk about the coaching decisions.  If the Magic want to play for the lottery they should continue as they are and they'll keep losing,  I really don't understand why the anemic offensive effort is tolerated.  Victor Oladipo is going to be very good but he's currently out of control as is Tobias Harris and, sometimes, Aflalo.  They have a very effective post player in Nicholson who needs some repetitions but sits on the bench.. Why not use him when the offense goes south as it often does?  I think the coach needs to get out of his rut and use some more of his talent.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Afflalo's stats for the year look pretty solid, as did his line from tonight. They aren't ever on TV up here, but Afflalo seems to keep his turnovers reasonable and scores pretty efficiently. Harris is a little rougher, but he has been doing better of late. It seems like defense has been more of a problem for them.
Bill Cole::"Orlando snared the rebound and called a timeout with 30.7 seconds to play"......without ever having possession of the ball.  Nice call Tony Brothers.  Score tied, 31 seconds left....could have been an interesting jump ball.  Then again Celts blew a late jump ball last game, so probably still would have lost on the road.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Here's hoping the coaches put Afflalo in the all star game. He has earned it.  Glad to see Harris is starting to get his game together after missing all that time. Go Vols!
Bruno Berardi::Agreed,  these comments are dead on. These are professionals , getting paid millions to play like that! I've seen better games at the playground what a joke.
