DamonHouston_24::Jeremys shot is looking better and his driving means hes knee is getting 100% and hes regaining hes quickness back. Expect Jeremy to close out the season avg 16pt 9 assists 5 rebounds 2 steals 2.5 TO and the Haters will still claim hes a bust. LOL
nbafanatic69::Game to watch will be Rockets vs Knicks at MSG.  Knicks are a freaking 18-1 at home.  This time they won't be too preoccupied with Lin.  Parsons and Asik FTW.
DamonHouston_24::and lose 30pts again LOL LOL LOL
ChuckOlajuwon::Rockets 6-1 vs Eastern teams but only 2-7 vs West Conference.  Not good. Because we reside in the West.
jason_bautista::Asik is pure efficiency...
NoonGame::Asik is a beast who's average double double per game.
nbafreak71::Guys, I know JustinTimeHeHe.  He's just an asian JLin fan trying to stir things up, so don't take anything seriously.  He'll be back on board praising Lin starts hitting his groove; you can count on Justin leading the way.  No harm done, so relax, guys.  He's rooting for Lin like all other fans.  BTW, let's talk about the bigger contributers on the Rockets, like Asik, Parsons and Patterson.  Now THAT's the real Rockets story.  Jeremy's a good player with potential, but you gotta look at the players who are really making a difference now.
rEdBuLxTaSy::LOL HIS OBSESSION OF JEREMY LIN IS ADMIRABLE AND HILARIOUS!!! :):):)
nbafreak71::Justin's just playing around, really.  I know for a fact he's a big JLin fan, count on it.  He'll be the first one riding the JLin bus when/if the kid comes back.  He was all wild about Lin back in Feb.  The guy's riding JLin's manhood like Secretariat, just wait and see.  Yeah, the true Rockets rise can be attributed to Asik and Parsons, with Lin starting to improve.  It's a long season though, so we'll see.  Hope Harden starts getting consistent, too.
NoonGame::Parsons said it best: it takes a team/ball movements/unselfish passing to get to the open guys...then the open guys knocking them down. Harden and lin gets double/ trap at times, they trust and give up the ball to their open teamates for assists...
JustinTimeHeHe::You dont know a thing about me my man. Look at the drastic measues you go to over 1 message I make. Like got dam, Get a fuqqing life. Goonight &lt; filipino, spanish, you got that part right atleast
JustinTimeHeHe::http://www.google.com/imgres?um=1&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=N&amp;tbo=d&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbnid=6o2PahSuOUdJDM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.christianpost.com/news/jeremy-lin-scores-28-as-knicks-beat-mavericks-104-97-69832/&amp;docid=KH91Sr945DIHfM&amp;imgurl=http://images.christianpost.com/full/51039/new-york-knicks-guard-jeremy-lin-r-and-jered-jeffries-celebrate-their-win-against-the-toronto-raptors-during-their-nba-basketball-game-in-toronto-feb-14-2012.jpg&amp;w=650&amp;h=454&amp;ei=L7m7UPT-Jeqy0QH3iYDwDQ&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=rc&amp;sig=106012108401457591153&amp;page=1&amp;tbnh=138&amp;tbnw=193&amp;start=0&amp;ndsp=16&amp;ved=1t:429,r:6,s:0,i:107&amp;tx=122&amp;ty=-30&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=518
cfylong::The cockroach rears its head.  Again.  Can't get rid of these critters.
JustinTimeHeHe::PHUCKAYOU DOLPHIN!!!!
JustinTimeHeHe::LOL!!! Seriously, what is it with you guys? Lins little computer bodyguards who talk so mch shet on a damn keyboard. You loser mad his a habit huh?. You dont even know me. Jesus christ, be realistic and stop talking down to people. YOUR THE FUQQING LOSER! You Dont even kno what a pair of T!TS feel like and your making fun of others haha get real ya ddeushbag, you live in a fantasy world
tungcn2010::Anyone who thinks Harden is a ball hog is mistaken. For a 2 guard, he has a pretty high assist rate. Also, the jumpers that he takes aren't forced, which are open looks. The only problem he has is when he drives to the bucket, he gets stripped. Other than that, he's more unselfish than most of the 2 guards in the league. Thank god we got Harden instead of Westbrook.   -Lin fan.
cfylong::Lin haters are the craziest mofos out there, most unAmerican group of people you'll see, like entitled Republicans who think it's their god-given right to inherit money .  They think they have the right to tell you how to root for your favorite player on your team board.  Look, you like Eddie Curry or Raymond Felton, I'm not  gonna go on your board and say you can say this about Felton, but you can't say this cuz then you kissing his but.  Now check out how dayum crazy this sounds-- I hate Felton because his fans like  him too much!  Dayumm, man, have some class.  This just a game.  I just have to say, haters gonna hate. Must burn you up inside real hot last night...
fred3857::I wonder who can make his teammate,like Novak,Field,Parsons,Petterson,etc to be a known star from nobody to somebody  in just a few games no matter at Knicks or Rockets.
cfylong::If you take the haters' premise that Lin fans only watch basketball cuz of him, then clearly they wouldn't know any other players in the NBA.; so, how can they bash players they don't know.  I don't buy that Lin fans bash other players, except Felton, who opened his big mouth about how he was going to tear the league apart wit a chip on his shoulders, after replacing a fan favorite.  If you a Knick and Lin fan, you gonna bash Felton.  I can see why a Rocket fan would bash Lin cuza Lowry or Dragic, but why come here just to hate on Lin, insteada rooting fo yo man.  You gotta be one sad $@% jealous mofo.
FoxKat93::I think it is a two way street. I have been on the Knicks boards and blogs and Lin fans have bashed Felton a lot. Felton hasn't done anything, but since the Knicks chose him over Lin, some Lin fans hate him. The problem that some fans have with Lin's fans is not that they like him too much, but that they feel the fans overrate him and bash other players in the process. Or some fans like one in here, use racism as a way to explain everything. It's hype backlash and Lin suffers because of ESPN and some of his obsessive fans.
FoxKat93::latronchang, you are truly ignorant if you honestly believe that blacks only face racism from whites. Racial suppression &gt; racial slurs. Not to say that Asians haven't been suppressed in America, but everyone knows that it is not comparable to blacks. You think you aren't showing you're racist colors with some of your remarks? Look in the mirror.  You may not understand why some people may disagree with Lin's talent, but to sum it up to racism is absolutely ridiculous. People talk about the about all of criticism that Lin gets, but when you get superstar attention, that's what happens--you get analyzed more and criticized for everything.  Whether or not Harden plays well or terribly, this team would not be relevant or as relevant without him. If Lin is struggling, all of that defensive attention that Harden gets would go to him. Harden just needs to make better decision
cfylong::I hear you loud and clear, but when you have Screaming A. Smith talking like the NBA is the jurisdiction of the most exclusive Black Man's club, as long as the white owners are okay with it, it rubs people the wrong way too.  Then, to have people coming on your board to blast the only Asian player, then some fans are going to get defensive.  Don't hate, just root for your team and player, is all I got to say.
RNYC::Latron Chang is a dumb---who has no idea about the racial history and struggle in America and hides behind a keyboard to profess is bigoted, ignorant thoughts. People have a counter view on Lins upside relative to the media attention he receives. That's the crux of the entire Lin "phenomenon"
RNYC::Lin played a really good game but its +/- was zero. So do u see why it's so stupid to quote plus / minus when defending / advocating a player. It's a useless statistic it In no way attributes value appropriately.  He played very well last night.
Lorenzomax7::+/- is one of the most useless stats in the world.
BRAY5150::so was this Lin's first good scoring game of the season?
jason_bautista::no... :)  Lin had his ups and downs too.
GoTmJazz52::All of JAZZNATION out there GO JAZZ.  WIN!
QCao1::Western teams better watch out.  The way Houston is learning to play together, they will contend soon.  It is better to build a team like this than buy overrated, aging experience like LA.
cityhunter4::The only regret for Lin is that if he has a reliable lay-up move he could of easily scored 25 points tonight.  Keep working on your offense Lin!!!
cityhunter4::Oh a night when the Rockets shot 55% Harden shot 43%.  Harden is the problem, not the solution.  He plays like a ballhog, frequently tries to take on 2-3 defenders when other Rockets spot up behind the arc waiting for him to pass.  He is a poor-man's version of Carmelo Anthony.  Someone who only wants to score, can careless about defense, and if he doesn't score often enough he will just keep putting up bad shots.  Fear the Beard?  Yeah, fear this selfish ballhog from ruining the Rockets.
NguyenDragon::That is why he needs to trust his teammates... There is always an open man because every team knows he is the 1st option...
rEdBuLxTaSy::HARDEN IS STILL THE ROCKET'S 1ST SCORING OPTION EVEN IF HE HAS A BAD NIGHT OR NOT.  ALTHOUGH I AGREED AT TIMES, HE DOES FORCED ALOT OF BAD SHOTS AND TURNOVERS BUT GOTTA REMEMBER THIS IS A YOUNG TEAM STILL REBUILDING AND LEARNING TO TRUST EACH OTHER.
MannyTexans24::Wow quit bashing on harden dude.. yes he had a poor game but there are also games where he single handedly gave us the win with his huge performances..
angelgr89::Lin actually had a good game. good for him
rEdBuLxTaSy::GLAD LIN IS TAKING MORE SHOTS LIKE HE SHOULD :):):)
NguyenDragon::That is about right... He should average 10-15... I am hoping more layups than shots though...
TOTALBULL..::the most underrated starting 5 in the history of the NBA.. they basically have 5 guys, and probably only 2 of them are known ( Harden and Lin). I hope the best for these young bloods
fred3857::I wonder who else can make his teammate,like Novak,Field,Parsons,Petterson,etc to be a known star from nobody to somebody  in just a few games no matter at Knicks or Rockets.
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::WOW  ROckets score 120+ again @ home?
caseygreer2::While somewhat impressive, the jazz are a perfect matchup for them. The Jazz biggest weakness is defense, especially teams that p&amp;r. Jefferson is super slow and millsap is too short to be a good help defender, so you guys can just pick and roll us to death all game with harden/lin. Seriously, I couldn't pick a better matchup for you guys.
Hank10593::Haters, I am gonna save your time and say all you wanna say about Lin. Lin sucks. His assists mean nothing other than balls passed to his teammates who made the shots.  The number of points he scored were all because of luck. He was lucky for every shot he made, and every shot missed showed his true identity. By the way, his 2 turnovers are ridiculously too much for a point guard who played 34 minutes. Most importantly, he sucks because he is Asian.  You haters are happy now? I bet you are. You feel much better about yourself? I am glad I helped you out.
latronchang::It's pretty much what Lin haters think.  Yeah, there are more Asians that watch basketball because Yao Ming was involved and now Jeremy Lin.  Who the f**k doesn't want to watch someone from their own race participate?  You don't see blacks watching stock car racing or hockey?  More blacks started watching golf and tennis because of Tiger Woods (although 1/2 black) and the Williams sisters.  You think more blacks participated in this years election?  Damn right they did.  At least Jeremy Lin didn't have to ask for any affirmative action policies from the NBA.  He definitely had to earn his spot.  At least blacks in the past only had to face racism from whites in America.  Asians in America get twice the amount of slurs.
rEdBuLxTaSy:::):):)
FoxKat93::For those who are wondering why the Bulls "let go" of Asik, it was because the Rockets offered him a poison pill contract like Lin. The Bulls wanted to re-sign him, but it would put them over the cap, so they chose not to match it. Everyone who roots for the Bulls knew of Asik's potential and the Bulls spoke very highly of him--it really boiled down to finances. Also, Noah is the better Center on the Bulls and Asik would have to come off of the bench for him. With that being said, I really wish Asik well.
acethefit::what's Parsons's salary?
lauren.tian::I believe it's about $900K for the next 2 years.
bocabenny33433::For those who think Lin is overpaid, think of what he went through the first two years - not knowing if you have a job, and going from camp to camp.  I think almost all of us rather choose to be a lottery pick and knowing you have a stead few mil for the next few years than the unlikely chance of a Linsanity windfall ... as would Lin.
Levin_K::2nd year of his rookie contract which means very cheap as he was taken 38th by the Rockets.
caseygreer2::ridiculously cheap
jonh876::i'm a clipper fan and  i miss mo williams and randy foye,but i'm still content with my squad,hope we come home with a w on monday
Glenagglenag::nice game, glad to see rox coaches finally come to their senses and let jlin play pg
airic.ad::The Rockets are better when Harden isn't scoring 42.
bobbydagreat::In a perfect world, every single player would score over 12 and no one would score over 20`
NewcastleFanVL::When he passes n has high assists.
NguyenDragon::Team basketball is always better...
jimjam1234::Kevin Martin 16 ppg off bench&gt;Harden's 24 as starter. Throw out Harden's first two games and it's alot closer.
mylilpony_ranger::there will be a point when you will be glad all traces of martin are gone from your team.
NguyenDragon::We know what Martin can do... Harden at least has potential...
bobbydagreat::Kevin Martin has always been a good shooter, but you can't seriously compare him and Harden. Martin can't create his own shot, isn't the ball handler Harden is, and can't play any defense.
Watneys67::29th in league in defense and trending toward 30th (dead last) is not getting Rockets into playoffs this year
razzledazzletj81::Denver, Dal, Utah out Houston can grab one of those spots, Golden State will take another if trends continue
its_complicated::yeah...no way that denver and utah are out and rockets are in....
Khaos0924::barely making the playoffs and play against OKC or Spurs, i rather they miss it, and rebuild thru better picks.
NguyenDragon::Its expected for a rebuilding team to miss the playoffs... It would be sweet but all I am hoping for this season is progress in the right direction...
NguyenDragon::bobbydagreat - Yeah, I just want to see chemistry form between the guys they have and see the next max FA they pick up. If the miss the playoffs next year, I might be upset.  I think I would be also... They have the talents and with a max FA should be enough for at least the 8th seed next season...
bobbydagreat::Yeah, I just want to see chemistry form between the guys they have and see the next max FA they pick up. If the miss the playoffs next year, I might be upset.
bobbydagreat::They are a rebuilding team, I wouldn't expect them to get into the playoffs in the West....of course if they were in the East they'd be a 5 seed.
anti900::I'm a Black Dude I follow basketball like nobody's business.  And I follow stats. My Sports knowledge is on point. There a difference between  watching basketball and studying the game. When I seen That UCONN game Where Jeremy Lin Dropped 30 I felt his game was on point.   I never apologize for liking a player pulling for the dude.
Dawan208::That was a fluke too!       Just kidding.  Did you get a glance of the uconn crowd.  They had their hands up and they looked worried about losing. Like they were thinking "  why in the heck are we not blowing off this Harvard nobody team!!!!!   We are Uconn!!!!!"
Lakurland::Where are the Lin naysayers now? Cowarding in the corner with their tails between their legs... Thats $@%!$@% right!
lomahtw::if any of you watched both games closely (not just the stats in box scores), the one against the thunder and this game.  You may have noticed something.  In the game against the thunders, Lin wasn't really playing much PG at all.  One thing impressed me most in a bad way in that game is what happened in the 1st qtr.  Lin literally didn't touch the ball at all in the rockets' 4 consecutive offense possessions.  I mean as a PG, who is supposed to run the ball in most possessions, didn't have the ball at all. when that's is the case, how could you expect the pg (lin) to score, assist or pass the ball.  or in a bad way, how could you expect the pg (lin) to shoot air ball, turn the ball over or give bad pass.  However in this game against the jazz,  it was clearly lin ran most of their possessions in offense.  It is not about win or loss of these 2 games but is rather about lin having the ball in hand and playing like the leading PG who is  supposed to be.  this is the difference between the 2 games.
nbafanatic69::Asik's been hella beast.  HOW ON EARTH did the Bulls let this guy go?  SMH
bocabenny33433::Asik, Harden and Lin should all wear Rip Hamilton face masks for their own good.
anti900::Rockets Really know how to spot Talent better than most NBA Teams. lot of folk under rated  Asik
anti900::If you a purgatory  team like the Rockets you got to find talent the best way you know how....Steal it.
NguyenDragon::He is worth every penny...
NguyenDragon::Bulls couldn't pay Asik and have him play bench minutes.... They do have Noah...
Dawan208::I heard he was fumbley fingers.  But he's worked on his game during the summer.
RocketsMan18::A nice win against a good team but Jazz ran out of gas due to there double header plus there a horrible defensive team. Happy with the win though, lets keep them coming :)
its_complicated::Jazz also have their starting pg out...
UJ801::Huh..? Mo Williams played tonight. Marvin Williams and Derrick Favors were both out though
cfylong::Y'all Lin haters crazy mofos, most UnAmerican mofos there are, like entitled Republicans.  You an Eddie Curry or a Raymond Felton fan, ain't no way Ima go on yo board and tell ya how you supposta root  yo man.  Yeah, is okay to say dis about Felton, but not okay to say that, otherwise you sucking on Felton's but.  Bullsh*t, man.  You like him.  Cool.   I like Nash N Lin.   I ain't gonna hate on Curry or Felton.  So, why you come on  this board and say this and dat about Lin, then say you doin dat cuz his fans.  You make no $@%!$@ sense at all.  All I gotta say is, haters gonna hate.  Must burn inside real hot tonight, huh?
George7844::Say, lookie heah, dawg ..........I don't believe dey bees crazy !!! Dey jus bees butt-hurt cuz dey wuz obsessed wid him up daah in New Yawk !!! Dey jus can''t stand it dat he wud leave dat shiit-hole of a city. Ain't nothin but asphalt n concrete n taxicabs up daah !!! Id'a even took a pay cut to get outta daah !!! On toppa dat, da smell is horrific !!! I don't see how dem people up daah stands it !!!
nbafanatic69::Y'know what gets my goat?  How Lin, no matter how good or especially bad he plays, overshadows the significance of his teammates.  I like the kid, he's a nice guy and all, but he sucks up all the attention for whatever team he plays for.  The Rockets need to be recognized for stellar players like ASIK and PARSONS, but they get lost in the background with Lin talk.  Geez.
bleeacbc::Lin made his lesser know knicks  shine last year because of his ability to find a good shot for his teammates.  Besides, Lin doesn't even like having the extra exposure heaped upon him.
cfylong::Not sure how that's Lin's fault.  Does he have a PR guy hogging the camera for him?  He's actually very self-effacing.   He'll probably be the first to tell you his teammates are more important than he is.  Hey, that's why Lin haters hate him.
anti900::2012A lot of cats wouldn't even watch the 2011-2012 Rocket 's because they had no star power. If Lin and Harden weren't on the Rocket ESPN would Keep on ignoring houston,  -So What?
latronchang::As much as I like Lin, Parsons is probably the best player for the Rockets.  Sampson has had nothing but praise for him.
vonsteve6868::He's great. But he's not better than Harden.
Dawan208::He's even better then harden.    Very underrated player!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dawan208::Parson is fun to watch and I can't believe this is his second year in the NBA.
NguyenDragon::I don't think anyone that knows the Rockets can argue that...
All.Star54321::JLin vs TTebow: http://isportslife.wordpress.com/2012/12/01/sports-sensations-2/ Go read it!
bobbydagreat::I just want to see DMo get some damn playing time, that kid is the future at PF
anti900::But They don't Really study B-Ball Tho
NguyenDragon::I hope so but its tough with Patterson playing so well...
bobbydagreat::Agreed, I think DMo should be the primary backup PF though, move Morris to the backup SF
anti900::Young Dirk I'm Trying to tell these cats!!!
anti900::Rockets would be crazy if they emulate the 2011 Mavs. wit D-mo playing Dirk That was a perfect squad....
bobbydagreat::His offensive skills are sick, if his defense comes along then he'll be a force.
Master Machida::JLin a beast yo.
JustinTimeHeHe::Good night every and happy holidays. I can not come here anymore for I promised a few who i evidently dont get along with that I wouldnt. Just wanna say I wish I could root Lin on but his fans throw alot of unneccasary jabs and are easy to get mad at. Lets just the racist sheyt out. I understand lots of his haters are probably racist but so are alot of his fans. We hafto deal with it. goodbye
Dawan208::No one said anything racist ?????
RocketsMan18::latronchang "We all know the people who are dissing Lin are racist blacks who say he wasn't even good enough to play college ball. Never mind that he won the California State High School Player of the Year.     An Asian man should never be allowed to play in the NBA just like a black man should never be given a high school diploma" Your comment was right underneath that, how did you miss it dawn?
cfylong::The cockroach tries to be reasonable now.
JustinTimeHeHe::BobbyDaGreat I have heard you speak on the game and I dont find you to be Unknowledgable which i give you credit for. Most Lintardes come here just to fight with those who arent kissing Lins $@% and then havethe nerve to call YOU a hater or it. But why would I not want an asian in the league when I am half Filipino? I just hate racist comments, I never get worked up like this. Just didnt like what she said about blacks is all
bobbydagreat::Trust me, I have had issues with Lin fans, and I didn't want him to become a Rocket. It just seems like there are people who simply like to hate on the kid. Is he a superstar player? Hell no. Is he likely to ever become a superstar player? Of course not. But the kid does have skills and he is a fairly decent young PG. That's just how it is.
bobbydagreat::NguyenDragon - Superstar = doubtful... Star = possible...  Exactly this.
NguyenDragon::Superstar = doubtful... Star = possible...
JustinTimeHeHe::Agreed
bobbydagreat::For the record, I despise those who are only fans of Lin because he is Asian just as much as those who only hate on him because he is Asian. It shouldn't be an issue.
kentam335::Great win for the Rockets.    Lin is playing great!   He got me to watch basketball!
its_complicated::Are you Asian or something?
JustinTimeHeHe::Thanks for being honest but cant say i didnt already know that
pistol111847::HaHaHa Lin haters!!!!!!!!!!!
JustinTimeHeHe::Lin fans are racist against blacks yet they cryu the racist card, they hate when you admit Lin sucks yet they blame all his teammates when he doesnt get enough assists, callyou a hater when they hate you for saying Lin is bad. nothing makes sense with these idiots
bocabenny33433::Lin does not suck if you really look objectively at his total stats from last year and this year .. but he hasn't been playing well until as of late.  Don't know if it's his confidence, concern about the knee, or just coaching plan.  He doesn't suck but he's not a superstar.  I say he's in the upper part of the mid tier.
John345781::someone needs to change their maxi pad
pistol111847::Let me guess - you're black and hate asians.....
Chester8432::Is that Lin's fault bringing his fans racist against blacks?
bobbydagreat::And a lot of Lin haters only hate on him because of his race. Deal with it.
JustinTimeHeHe::Boca I dont think i really hate any player except Rondo but atleast i can live with rondos fans wheeras Lin fans are driving me crazy. They are changing the ways of the NBA and imdone dealing with it. Im not coming here ever again. Just know that just because others dont come here and say it how it is does not mean others dont see what they are doing.
nbafanatic69::Exactly, business.  Well put.  I don't fault Knicks mgmt (still hate Dolan, though) nor do I fault Lin.  He moved to another team, Knicks are off to a good start, end of story.
bocabenny33433::Lin's fans (and I as well as my son am one of them) are extreme.  But I point out when he's not cutting it, like not being aggressive to the basket to be more than just a ball boy.  Today's game actually was one of the few times that I see more aggressiveness with good results.  Sometime Lin's fans are blind, but then so are the haters.  I'm a NYer, and it's funny how the haters seems to rewrite history ... like Lin supposedly going back to Houston to up the ante.  It's been officially confirmed that Houston upped it without nudging from Lin b/c of Woodson's big mouth saying they will absolutely match the first offer.  Yet the haters still continue to say he's sneaky, disloyal, etc. when he didn't go back to Houston and did not get any offer from the Knicks.  If anything, Knicks mgmt was totally disrespectful and displayed a lack of class to a player that solved their cable negotiations, etc. ... but they don't own Lin anything or have to show any class - it's business.
Khaos0924::I think you are lying if you didnt like or cheer for Lin during that 2 weeks run when he average 20+ and 7+ assists, if you are a Knicks fan.
anti900::Maybe but the AllStar System is part Merit, part marketing, part stats and part popularity. The Allstar Game was Made For the Fans and Made for Making money..........
Khaos0924::And I agree that he doesn't deserve to be all-star over Lawson so far this season.
AnthonyDFW::man you sound like a whiny little biotch. and im not even a lin fan.
JustinTimeHeHe::If Lin becomes an all-star this year instead ofLawson or someone that deserves it, I will be angry. Ive always believed in the allstar balloting system but never expected this sheyt
NBA1964::I have just voted for Lin thanks to Justin's encouragement.  What a kid he is.
kentam335::@Justin.   Just because of your comment, I am going to vote for Lin every day to make the All Star game.   I think I will get 10 of my friends who don't watch basketball to do that as well!   Thank you for the inspiration!
sportsfan1014::&amp; Grant Hill as well..
bobbydagreat::I guess you weren't paying attention to the NBA back when Yao Ming and T-Mac were voted into the all star game during years where they were injured.....
anti900::Real Talk,  If you Do Your research on Lin.  True Basketball Heads was talking about Lin since 2009  http://dimemag.com/2012/02/we-reminisce-jeremy-lins-first-appearance-in-dime-magazine/  A lot of Real Bball Heads and stat junkies such as myself love the kids game. so, it is what it is
John345781::Mo actually gets paid as much as Lin??
nbafanatic69::DMo will have a huge impact.  Potential of this kid is BIG.
Dawan208::Mo is a very underrated player!!!!!
bocabenny33433::Let's think through Justintime's logic.  He hates Lin b/c he says his fans are biased against blacks (which I agree some are from the comments - and they need to stop) ... yet Lin doesn't hate blacks.  His original agent is black.  So you hate someone who is not biased b/c his fans are.  Does that make sense?
AnthonyDFW::You're using logic against someone who is not capable of logical thinking. It's sometimes best to let an idiots run his mouths so he can show the world how to classify him.
bobbydagreat::And a lot of Lin haters hate on him due to his race, deal with it.
JustinTimeHeHe::Lin fans are racist against blacks yet they cryu the racist card, they hate when you admit Lin sucks yet they blame all his teammates when he doesnt get enough assists, callyou a hater when they hate you for saying Lin is bad. nothing makes sense with these idiots
bobbydagreat::You seem fairly obsessed with him, he is after all the reason you are here.
JustinTimeHeHe::Yea im retardes because im not obsessed ith an over-rated player, thats great logic you stupid bastrd
bocabenny33433::Justintimehehe ... who else besides Lin do you hate?  Give us some names so to confirm that you are not just biased.
Slambo12345::Barnes is a real piece of crap most of the time
bocabenny33433::so just Lin and Rondo.
Chester8432::Just ignore him, he doesn't belong to here.... you could never change his bias, what's the point to argue with him?
JustinTimeHeHe::i dont hate any player except Rondo
AnthonyDFW::Not Pacquiao that's for sure
bobbydagreat::Yao Ming.
AussieRaven52::I hate Kevin Garnett
anti900::Kevin Garnett is BasketBall
JustinTimeHeHe::Bobby da great are you stupid? Scroll down and read LatronCHANGs comment before you think you got it all figured out buddy. Dumb piece of sheyt,. I would knock him the fuq out if I saw him. Little racist coward
latronchang::Right here, JustinTime.  Come whoop my racist a**.  Yo estoy aqui, cavaron y $@%!.
Crazy_ducky::Felton, is that you?? why are you doing on ESPN on your day off !?!
sealtrader::This is a great one ! Crazy_ducky !!! LOL
bobbydagreat::You have been here literally for days talking $@%! about Lin, just let it go man. Yeah, some Lin fans are annoying, but you are a Knicks fan, why are you even here?
JustinTimeHeHe::Your the troll, just a defensive troll, not an offensive troll but your still a troll for starting with me once again.
bobbydagreat::You only came here to troll....that's not the way to make friends.
JustinTimeHeHe::Oh and your biased too because you dont remember what happened last night. That redbull attacked me for sayiong something about Lins flaws and I apoligzed then you come out of nowehere and start talking sheyt.
bobbydagreat::I'm a Rockets fan, this is a Rockets board.....see how that makes sense?
JustinTimeHeHe::Dude I came here last night and twice today. YOUR the one who constantly comes here
AnthonyDFW::Are you black?
bobbydagreat::Don't throw a fit when you go to a thread to troll and get called out. That's all I'm saying.
JustinTimeHeHe::Bro your always starting $@%! with me, your a loser. I aint here to make freiends bicch, i go real friends you dont, you live on the computer
bobbydagreat::Is it that you don't like that they let an Asian guy play PG?
JustinTimeHeHe::Dont fuqqing play dumb with me you corny little no-lifer I would Fuq you up now shut your unwanted $@% up
bobbydagreat::LOL who is "changing everything"?
JustinTimeHeHe::Does not matter at all though, this is supposed to be about the game I love. The game we love.They are changing everything
JustinTimeHeHe::Spanish and Filipino
AussieRaven52::Jeremy Lin actually did something. Wow.
troublewizskins::that was to justin. btw
troublewizskins::wow, "eating whales"?... and u calling other people on this board racist?... gf uself
sportsfan1014::Jeremy Lin actually did something? so what he did in NYC last season doesn't count I guess..
AussieRaven52::Then what happened afterwards? One of the reasons I supported him last year was of his underdog status. He is no underdog now, so he needs to step up his game.
AussieRaven52::The reason Im surprised is that Harden and Parsons usually carry the load.
JustinTimeHeHe::NAsty bastrds. Cant stand them. And they play the sympathy card and say its race that makes us hate himwhen really nobody gives a flying FUQ if hes chinese, its race that makes them LOve him. They got everything backwords, those racist biased piees of sheyt
Dawan208::Gosh calm down.
JustinTimeHeHe::Im tired of his fans. They disrespect black people. They disrespect EVERY TEAM that Lin plays for. Nobody needs them around, I wish Lin could just get bench already so they could all go back to what they were doing, eating whales
NguyenDragon::Dawan208 - Ok what's poor whales got to do with it .  He is taking a shot at Asians since the Japanese are still whaling...
Dawan208::Ok what's poor whales got to do with it .
bocabenny33433::So you are hating on Lin b/c of his fans?  Isn't that biased as well?
JustinTimeHeHe::I admit I dont Like Lin. I think hes over-rated. Its his fans I hate includiong you so shut your mouth bicch
bobbydagreat::I think that you are just pissed off that he played well. It makes it much harder to troll someone who just did a good job
JustinTimeHeHe::WHY DONT YOU READ THE COMMENT BELOW MAN. Pisses me off
bobbydagreat::LOL, how do they disrespect black people? Seriously man GTFOH
AussieRaven52::No need for racism buddy
