orangemax2::Grizz without Zbo and Arthur  WOW! Why can't the media (other than sir Charles) give us any love
mdelao76::I want ACCOUNTABILITY!  Bench Monta and Curry if they are turning the ball over.  Nate Robinson and Klay Thompson were sitting on the bench.  Curry's Defense is non-existant.
s.molla1993::Rather see them loose games at this point that win meaningless ones so they get that pick back from the Jazz. This seasons is proving that the problem last year was not Keith Smart, Am I Right?
klesk80::Hope the players learned something from this game................................................................................................
dale wrenn::Warriors suck, they will always suck.
mphilip87::Lebron: So..when can i call myself great? Kobe: Just be a 13x NBA All-star, win 5 titles and be the finals MVP 2 times... Jordan: ...Then win 1 more title be an All star 1 more time, a finals MVP 4 more times, become the season MVP 5x and u got it kid!
captwinkie2k12::7 in a row, ooooo weeeee
marioosez::Western finals, Grizzlies vs Clippers! That would be great!
s.molla1993::Keep On Dreaming, Bro!!!!!!
s.molla1993::Keep on Dreaming, bro!!!!!!
Train_work::Wow!
nba is the worst::Fts in the 4th Q:  Griz 17, Warriors 2  Rudy Gay shoots 2-5 FGs and 1-6 from the ft line, but ESPN says he "led the comeback" with his epic 5-pt quarter.  Classic!
kcervett::there is more than making points. How about everything that comes before putting the ball in the hole.
yograndma821::Fire mark jackson now.  He sucks, we never close out quarters or games  and so much for "playoffs in the first year" /becoming a great defensive team.  With  a good, experienced coach we would have not committed so many turnovers in the final five minutes and fallen apart.  Obviously the players deserve a lot of blame, but considering 7 of the 11 losses are by under 10 points(and 3 under 3 points) you really have to take a good look at the coach.
JMurph407::"Obviously the players deserve a lot of blame"
yograndma821::also according to the mercury news  "The Warriors have now lost seven games in which they led, were tied or were within five points to start the fourth quarter. " Maybe we can pry Jerry sloan out of retirement
TrickyD2410::Curry sucks.
s.molla1993::idiot = @TrickyD2410
hozjo::Can we trade everyone away for draft picks yet?
Titans Yemen::3P Made-Attempted  Memphis 	2-13 (.154)  Golden State	9-25 (.360). OMG!!
Hogphan919::Now THAT was a basketball game...good persistence and defense by the Grizz.  Worst game of the season followed by one of the best.  Glad NBA tv has the Grizz on tomorrow and Thursday.  GO GRIZZ!
red_thief7::Wow, what a ridiculously awesome comeback.  Go Grizz!
Wudy Gay with da wainbow::it was wemarkable.
Wudy Gay with da wainbow::The west better watch out, the Gwizz are on a 7 game win stweak.
Jhe1125::1.  Thunder 2.  Denver 3.  Clippers 4.  Grizzlies 5.  Trailblazers 6.  Spurs 7.  Lakers 8.  Mavericks
miketay19::swap 1 for 4 then 4 for 8 Thunda sucks, so does Westbrick
grizz_nation_will_rise::I would swap the Mavs and Blazers. And the Clips and Nuggets.
grizz_nation_will_rise::hahaha
miketay19::are u a little girl that subs w with every letter u can? wfaggot
grizz_nation_will_rise::What?? Want to contribute "wather" than just writing a random comment?
Wudy Gay with da wainbow::are you wetarded?
Wudy Gay with da wainbow::What a win for the Gwizz.
grizz_nation_will_rise::Like if you laughed when you saw the Orlando Score.... LMAO!!
miketay19::or we play strong like we did these past 7 games
grizz_nation_will_rise::oh you bast.ard.
andrewcubs1::true. Tomorrow's game is gonna be hell, we can easily get blow out from jet lag/fatigue
grizz_nation_will_rise::We had like no players for that game. And the Bulls are the best defensive team in the NBA.
miketay19::we shouldnt be laughing when we had the first game with the bulls, c'mon keep your head in the game
members_only_jacket::the city of denver has never produced anything...............all talent is imported
WorldGym1234::SO WHO IS GOING TO THE FINAL IN THE WEST AND EAST?????
Titans Yemen::Grizz will win it all!
miketay19::grizz and heat, Grind so hard the heat cant beat me
21GTMegatron21::OK City and Heat FINALS
grizz_nation_will_rise::Hate to say it guys but it would take a tremendous effort to win in Portland tomorrow night after all the energy we just expended. There is always hope though with this team.
andrewcubs1::The starters logged a crap load of minutes. look at the box score...
grizz_nation_will_rise::Yeah Speights better be ready to play tomorrow. He didn't play too much. Gasol only played 34, not too bad considering the fact that we were getting clobbered all game.
members_only_jacket::denver sucks
thememdude::"johnhollinger John Hollinger Belated linkage to today's PER diem on streaking teams, before the Grizzlies finish crapping on it."  Nice tweet Hollinger....now go play with your calculator you fuggin' nerd!  LMAO
grizz_nation_will_rise::Imagine this team right now with Z-BO and Arthur back, and swapping Shane Battier for Josh Davis and Cunningham or Pondexter. That is scary.
Titans Yemen::I think Cunningham is a great player, he got the speed like Arthur.
miketay19::Just wanted to say im very gay (happy) grizzlies won! Great way to end the night
Denver1153::this game wasn't won by memphis, it was given away on a golden platter by golden state
wkdavis85::Im pretty sure Memphis won
Grizzfanmt::that memphis earned with d
royboy1978::As Chris Crawford of the Memphis Tigers would say, Golden State's booty holes got tight down the stretch.
andrewcubs1::Most casual nba fans/streak for the cash players went to sleep thinking golden state won in a blowout. NOT!!!
21GTMegatron21::This was more GS blowing the game then Memphis winning it
badcooky81::I'll take it, it was a W!
1lb4lb::Memphis is a team that is great at creating steals and getting fast break points off of the turnover; that is their staple. They've done it throughout this season (and last) and even more so during the win streak. When they play aggressive they force steals at similar rates as they did in the 4th Q. I was surprised the Warriors had so few turnovers before the 4th because the Griz feast on young teams that are careless with the ball. Make no mistake... Thr Grizzlies took this one.
andrewcubs1::They can't handle playing under pressure. All those 3's went away, just like that.
21GTMegatron21::16 points on layups though.... I mean thats on the defensive side of the ball too
gasol1883::There is a good amount of truth to that, but the Griz still had to fight to come back and steal the game.
21GTMegatron21::Bad turnovers and getting layups after the turnovers it cant get much easier
gasol1883::All of the hate for Ellis yet the dude played good. He shot 8-12 and was solid. You can't blame any one player for a loss, just like you can't praise any one player for a win. Teams win and lose together.
WorldGym1234::the Warriors is a great team with out Curry. Coach Jackson should put Nate Robinson on the floor because he his better than Curry.  Curry should know when to stop shooting the ball. specially 4th quarters he should let Monte Ellis finish the game because his quicker and has a better ball handler than Curry
WorldGym1234::yeah allen did a very nice job depending him throughout the game
grizz_nation_will_rise::Monta Ellis had the opportunity to finish that game multiple times. He was isolated 3 or 4 times down the stretch and Tony Allen straight up outplayed him. That was the key to the win, because we were finally able to get out in transition after a few steals and missed jump shots.
WorldGym1234::*played
WorldGym1234::it was a good game by the grizzlies tho. gotta give it to them. they play very well
Ellis_Curry::hey just cuz u guys won doesnt mean u own this conversation page jeez let the person talk
21GTMegatron21::Ellis has had the ball in his hands the last two games and lost both of them........ Him and Curry had 6 turnovers in the last 6 minutes of the game
Titans Yemen::They  great team, they just need to learn how to close  Games.
miketay19::blah blah hold my mayo
grizz_nation_will_rise::Like if the Grizz are getting a 4 seed or higher in the West!!
andrewcubs1::Marc and OJ had off nights, and we still won.
Grizzfanmt::gs isnt a bad team
andrewcubs1::yeah, no one can stop us. just imagine when ZBO gets back
grizz_nation_will_rise::Then we can finally get rid of Josh Davis. hahaha
grizz_nation_will_rise::and DA
21GTMegatron21::You dont get to play GS every other night
grizz_nation_will_rise::7 wins in a row... Leave right now son.
21GTMegatron21::GS had 24 turnovers and 12 from Ellis and Curry 6 of those 12 turnovers were in the 4th quarter
dhelmic23::Great win Hoop City!!
kcervett::I am glad I recorded this game.
royboy1978::Man I should be going to sleep  since I gotta be at work early in the morning, but I am so freaking pumped right now.  GO GRIZZ GO!!!!!!
Lordkrimson::that game will be back on before the week is out. gotta love NBA TV
grizz_nation_will_rise::Same roy... I was almost asleep in the first half but now I'm not tired at all haha
miketay19::ohh boy me too!! lets all play swords
Titans Yemen::same with me (:&gt;
bballboi33::I got class in the morning and I'm on the east coast so the game didn't end til 12:30. grizz got me hype
royboy1978::I'll fall asleep in about an hour (or in 30 minutes).  First yawn of the night just happened.  Two more then it's sleepy time.
dhelmic23::I am the same way, can't go to sleep at all.
Grizzfanmt::You can say what you want, but even without Zach the Grizzlies are an elite team.  Games like this go to show you; good teams always find a way to win.
gasol1883::The Portland game on a back to back is going to be a huge challenge. The Blazers are a very strong team all around. If the Grizzlies get down like they did versus the Warriors they will not be able to comeback. The Griz need to come out focused early to have a chance.
Titans Yemen::yeah thats right
Oaktown1029::Very nice comeback Grizzlies! you have a good team! till next time!
memtowntigers::Bear Power. Memphis Style.
meats29::Golden St should just call Orlando and tell them you can have any 3 players of your choice plus a first round pick.
tds2n::steph curry, lee, and a 1st round pick....
Ellis_Curry::lol curry, ellis, lee, and a pick for howard is hardly fair
babypnthr::Steph Curry for defensive liability of the year!
miketay19::Ellis should have been a little more.. "gay"
hugo3003::the nba right now is full of it,the're trying to get all the money the lost during the lock up.
gasol1883::Yeah I'm sure they got a lot of money back for this blockbuster match up. Wait what? Oh your insane, now I get it.
tds2n::lol.. yeah... high stakes game in them middle of the night on a weekday.... Hugo is a sharp one..
21GTMegatron21::Ellis got ripped on Friday and cost them that game against the Pacers
meats29::He needs to be investigated
meats29::The Warriors had 8 turnovers in the last 6+ minutes of the game. 5 on Ellis
21GTMegatron21::He got ripped on Friday night and cost them that game too
meats29::Investigation coming
bballboi33::Memphis is really good this year. Thunder and Grizzlies are the future of the nba
Grizzfanmt::if this $@%! was fixed these guys are some damn fine actors
Grizzfanmt::if this $@%! was fixed these guys are some good $@%!$@% actors
andrewcubs1::oh you bas.$@%!. You know that couldnt have been rigged. Gay made a fade away on the tightest rims in the country
hugo3003::thunder and grizzlies are you a kkk premiun member.
gasol1883::Huh I'm so dumbfounded by this random yet unbelievably unneeded racist comment. Why would anyone be a member of the KKK for thinking that the Memphis Grizzlies and the Oklahoma City Thunder have a bright future? Keep those comments to yourself.
grizz_nation_will_rise::Sorry? No my sister is actually adopted from southeast asia, and that is seriously not a lie. Don't ruin my mood from this comeback you insignificant piece of shi.t.
tds2n::kkk.... ? That's just ignorant..
grizz_nation_will_rise::Fixed? Yeah, I guess they told monta ellis, curry, and the gs coach that they needed to blow it in the end? I guess the coach was willing to sacrifice that even if it might put his job security in more jeopardy? You know what, I guess there is no point in even going to games anymore, or even watching them for that matter if all games are indeed fixed. Was Kevin Durant's 3 pointer at the buzzer to beat Dallas fixed as well? Do you think he was told to make that shot, and the NBA was willing to risk the fact that he would miss it 8 times out of 10, just to provide more entertainment? You sir, are a complete and utter moron.
bballboi33::Keep hating and we gonna keep winning
shippmike91::You Damn Right Dude.
grandfatheredinn::SHUT UP UR GAY THAT WAS FIXED
tds2n::right... probably why Memphis was called with more fouls..
Oaktown1029::Warriors gave up 16 fast break points!! - ALL IN THE 4TH QUARTER   COMPLETE LOSS OF COMPOSURE!
grandfatheredinn::COMPLETE BS NBA IS MORE GAY THAN THE CITY THAT GAME WAS PLAYED IN
andrewcubs1::and you're still a moron
