Cyril::Though I am no fan of Melo's ability to lead a team, some of the blame this year belongs to Ray Felton, who has reverted back to the way he was playing in Portland.  After tonight he is 30/80 from the field and 6/25 on three's. His defense is not helping them much either. Prigioni is shooting well, but he has more fouls than assists, and almost as many fouls as points. It might be time to give Udrih extended minutes.   Oh yeah, and Chris Smith is still playing well. I hear he is tearing it up on 2k14 in the locker room.  He has quite the work ethic too - his character is up to a 99 overall!
Ed::Knicks made mistake in thinking that Carmelo alone can be the centerpiece of a title-winning team.  Throughout NBA history, champion teams have been built around a main star who was either of the following:    1. A star big man, one who is a great rebounder and top-notch defensive player, not just a scorer: Mikan, Russell, Wilt, Wills Reed, Jabbar, Shaq, Olajuwon, Moses Malone, Tim Duncan, Kevin Garnett, etc.  2. If not a big man, a small forward or guard who is an all-around player, not just a scorer: someone who can fill up the stat sheets and be in the Top 10 in categories other than scoring. Or they can be also on All-Defensive teams: John Havlicek, Dr. J, Magic, Larry Bird, Michael Jordan, Isiah Thomas, LeBron James, Dwyane Wade, etc.  Carmelo Anthony falls more into the category of great scorer/no ring stars such as George Gervin, Bernard King, Dominique Wilkins, Alex English, Adrian Dantley, Pete Maravich and others. Great scorers, but didn't really contribute much in other facets of the game, they weren't All-Defensive players or weren't 8-10 rebound a game or 8-10 assist a game players. But they gave you 20-25 points or more ever night. That's it. As leaders of their teams, they won o rings.  But there is an exception. Carmelo could also follow the path of a Dr. J when the Sixers got Moses Malone, Paul Pierce when Boston got KG (and Ray Alen), or Dirk Nowitzski when Dallas got Jason Kidd back plus had a prime Tyson Chandler.   So Melo needs a team to get a real good big man and/or star point guard to join him and just maybe the Knicks can win it all. But at present, Chandler now with the Knicks is often injured or inconsistent, while Raymond Felton is NOT really a reliable point guard.    So it's really just Melo as the lone All-Star for his team.  So just like with his Denver days, all we will see from the Knicks is for  Melo to score a lot and lead them to 50 win seasons and then early elimination every year from the playoffs.
Max::This season really makes you miss the Linsanity spurt.  Melo's hogging the ball, Prigioni and Felton have had horrible FG%, but it looks like Smith takes the booby-prize for his bad play.  Hopefully it's just temporary, but I'd take the TOs of Lin over the inability to score by the current roster.  Poor Chandler and Stoudemire, injuries aside I don't think the Knicks are the right teams for either one of them.
bsf::New York Knicks is in trouble as early as now, No teamwork, no play and low moral. Need something drastic decision/move from the top management to overhaul the system both in players role & coaching style.
emb001981::Knicks are not a title contender on paper or on the court. Why do so many Knicks fans think this roster is championship material? At best they have the 5th best roster in the Eastern conference. At worst the team completely implodes around Melo's bricks and an aging defensively challenged roster, and a very high draft pick is shipped to Denver at the end of the season (Denver owns your 2014 1st round pick)
emb001981::Haven with some very intelligent comments. I'm afraid they will fall on deaf ears. Most Knicks fans aren't smart enough to realize Melo will never in a million years lead them to a championship. He inflates his stats against bad teams during the regular season. When Melo has to play a series against a strong defensive team like Indiana he's awful. 41% from the field for his career in the playoffs. Not a good defender, doesnt make any of the players around him better. He's about the last guy you should want as the #1 option. Only way a team could win a championship with him, would be if they had a player like prime Shaq as the #1 option. That still would require Melo to be unselfish enough to feed the ball into the post and get better quality shots for himself and the other players off the double teams. Melo could be like Kobe if someone like Shaq was the best player on the team. Melo isn't winning anything as the #1 guy ever!
Haven::Trade Carmelo. He's going to ditch us this summer anyways, i'd rather have some complementary players like the Pacers formed.  Melo stinks when he isnt scoring and when he is scoring 20-30 pts, it's against weak-defensive teams. I would rather win then lose and see Melo score 30 pts, not that he's scoring that much anyways. That doesnt even include the fact that he is the least smartest player in the league. He makes such foolish mistakes, takes such foolish shots, and he doesnt know how to make his team play better or play as a team. Team ball movement stinks this year and Melo is the last person on earth who could help fix this sort of problem. Team ball wins, remember that.
Ralph::Look in any sport when the owner thinks he knows better than experienced personnel who've spent their entire life involved in the sport as a player and in management.  The outcome is always the same.  Poor ownership hires people with poor qualifications or history, or people who tell the owner how bright they are and it's all the media's fault.  Holy S**t, I'm describing the Dolan/Thomas partnership.  I watched a little of the game & enjoyed how well the Spurs played.
D::Looks like JR Smith is continuing where he left off in last years playoffs.
The Mighty Rearranger::Looking forward to knick games against the bobcats, raptors, pistons, so that they can make their record look much better than the team really is. That way carmello anthony will still get praise as a great player and still make a #$%$ load of money in the offseason.
