Lebron choke artist West::Utah opponents will lose on purpose to keep the Lakers out of the playoffs
Jumeax::I wish
HisAirNessNo23::In my honest opinion....the Utah okc game is the MOST pivotal. If the jazz can pull this off, they would be a full game ahead of LA because LA will win the next 2 no question. That would put them at equal records. FROM THERE, it would be VERY tough for LA to beat GSW, HOUSTON, SPURS.
Seskatchewan::Lakers will have to win out if they want 8th seed. Not gonna happen! I love it
jaxgang2::Bogut can feel free to show up at any time!
shakk88::I can't say I dodn't see this coming.  GS sucks so putting a few $$$ on the Jazz last night wasn't a bad move.  The Lakers will have to handle their business the rest of the way to have a chance at making the playoffs.  If they don't make it they don't make and that might not be a bad thing.  The front officde would litterally be forced to make whole sale changes from the coaching staff to the players.  I don't expect the lakers to look anything like they are currently assembled.  Pau, Metta, Jamison, Blake, and possibly Nash should he agree to be traded to Toronto will all be shipped out of here.  This experiment didn't work and that's alll there is to it.  The Lakers need to face the facts and get younger.  The front office did everything they could to get Kobe a sixth ring.  The nixed CP3 deal forced the Lakers to do something drastic which turned out to be Steve Nash being sigmed.  The Dude is 39 years old and past his prime.  Pay the guy off or better yet talk him into retiring.  The Lakers will need the cap space.
popeseanpatrick::Go Jazz!!!!
Fastfox1306::All the jazz have to do is go 3-1 the rest of the way...they do that, then Lakers will have to go 5-0 to beat them out of the spot. I think the last game against memphis will be the hardest game of all. Sure OKC will be tough, but the jazz are at home which is huge and they know how important that game will be.
PleaseLetMeFinish::OKC needs to start resting starters if they don't want to lose in the second round.  Yesterday's game should have been a wake-up call.  There is no need for Durant and Westbrook to play on Tuesday.
tomcghee::warriors owe it to their fans to try and win games
csaeteurn::We only favored Jazz over Lakers, so no biggie.
davidsan1001::Can I vote this, "Don't like"  Of course they are trying to win games and they do give a rats $@%.  Utah's back was against the wall and they brought their absolute 'A' game, still didn't win by much.  W's never gave up.  Good simulated playoff game.
shakk88::These guys don't give a rats $@% about the fans!  They are on cruise control the rest of the way.
braveandme::Huge win for America!!  America supports the Jazz right now
ESPN-Insider::Popcorn!.....Popcorn!.....real guy selling popcorn!! Accepts bills or change....never stuck!! Popcorn!!  -ESPN commercial popcorn dude
Balticplayer::Sterns order 66 is not working yet. The jedi are fighting back. Despite of getting no more Fts the Jazz are holding on for the 8th spot. As a Mavs fan I only can say: Go Jazz! Eliminate the Lakers. I'm satisfied if my Mavs win against the Suns and finally shave those ugly beards.
DakWolves2::Jazz&gt;Lakers
thomascedill::Tough loss. Look on the bright side though; Jazz making the Playoffs over the Lakers is sweet. Go Warriors! LA &lt; Jazz &lt; Warriors.
rumbanba::this game showed that dubs too soft. can't win when in matters. good season and coming up solid experience for  the 1st round exit.
sflee3::The lakers will make the playoffs and make a run when they do..watch out for mamba come playoff time
blackdevilace::The Lakers will NOT make the playoffs and Kobrick is the biggest ball hog in basketball history  FACT!
WarriorsWarrior::Stop hating on stern... He let you win with Malone and Stockton!  -warriors fan
Alexanderjs96::God forbid your teams ever lose because they were inferior to their opponents.
cardsbluesjazz::Until we made the finals, then the Bulls had the Stern privilege.
ESPN-Insider::Utah is on a mission while L.A. is looking for answers. Kobe may go for a triple double against the Blazers or his legs will finally give out after all the minutes he's been racking up!  Either way, I love this time of year to watch basketball. Most games mean the world to a few teams.
The God of Trolls Returns for the 7th Time::Don't worry Laker fans, Stern have your backs!
PhillyPhanInSoCal::Nice to see the mods deleting posts on this thread, but refuse to delete the kobetards' remarks on the Lakers threads all the time. Nice work gentlemen.
BigNeuf::It's more lucrative to have Lakers get 8 seed or better.....therefore Lakers in
Dawan208::Thank you Jazz!!!!    Here come the Rockets!!!!
NDFRockets18::We don't want 6th seed, at least I don't want denver. Let GS have fun with them
PhillyPhanInSoCal::Yes! Now those Flakers and their loser fans are worried s.hitless. LOL
Ruckusmh::Favors goes HARD in the $@%!$@ paint.
Cappiethedog::You people who watched the game, did it look like Golden State was trying to win? Would the Warriors want to stick it to the Lakers?
ndcccc::they have not clinched a playoffs spot yet, I'm sure the Warriors are worried about that first and foremost but it is a nice bonus to help them get over this loss with the thought that it hurts LA's chances.
didyougetthememookur::It looked like they gave up in the 3rd, but before that they were trying.
BigNeuf::Absolutely massive win for my Jazzzzzzz---- I finally saw a bit of the urgency and killer instinct in them that they have needed for years.  Keep riding this aggressive train and beat those $@%!$@% Lakers for the 8 seed.
John 3663::...
JWalk9267::Lakers have 3 winnable games left vs NO @ POR vs GS But they could just as easily lose those games. The other 2 games are at home to SA and HOU And in order to secure the 8th spot they would need all three of the winnable games and one of the other 2. And that's assuming the Jazz only win 2. If the Jazz win 3 of the next 4. They'll be a lock. And the Jazz have a shot to win out. If they can pull of the shocker at home against OKC (15 point win last time so there's some hope) and if the Grizzlies rest their starters we can pull off another road win and lock up the 8-seed. And if fortune favors the Jazz, they could be resting their starters in that game too.
ChuckGF::I love how you consider GS a winnable game, yet Houston isn't
ThunderUpUNCPokes::I would put my money on OKC beating Utah this time. They have more to play for than last time. OKC really wants that #1 seed. And slipping to the Knicks was a major deal for that cause. They can't screw up anymore
oczonie::Since when have the Lakers won a back to back series this season?  Never.  They will be too tired to win on the road against the Blazers.  We're talking about an aged team, beaten up and injured.  Uncle Nash is still out with injury.  Uncle MWP out for the season!
kozanski2000::Jazz have two games against the T-Wolves, and their last one is against a Grizzlies team that will no doubt rest their stars to prepare for the playoffs. Bye Bye Lakers.
bpoceans::doubtful the griz will rest their starters, they need homecourt advantage for the first round
Heizenbergg::Have my fingers crossed in hope that Griz will rest their starters.
leadersfollow::at this rate dikembe mutombo can beat the lakers all by himself.
Heizenbergg::no no no, Lakers! not today!
Faker Fans::"This is bad this is really bad, we must go according to plan!"  -Stern
Chris31708::<b>LetsGoAtlantaHawks - thunder will beat jazz, but if im the lakers that is the ONLY loss i am banking on.</b> -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Utah beat the Thunder by 15 the last time they played in Utah. There is no guarantee that OKC is winning, the only game I think will be a guaranteed loss is Memphis game on the road.
Drugs are bad kids::Jazz will flop the OKC game
kozanski2000::The Jazz' last game is against the Grizzlies, and there is no way they play all of Conley, Gasol and Z-Bo in the last game of the regular season when they are secure and need to rest their stars.
armen58::at worst, the Jazz will go 2-2 (no way they lose to Minnesota)
Heizenbergg::Yup true, the fans and such definitely got into KD's head last game.  Jazz can win if they feed off the crowd and give them something to cheer about, like hustle plays from Carroll really gets the crowd goin
JWalk9267::I think it's more important which OKC team shows up. I don't think they took it very well to getting their butts kicked by the Jazz. The Jazz can win the game, but only if the Thunder don't take us seriously again AND we bring our A game.
Heizenbergg::True, and the game against OKC just depends on which Jazz team shows up.. the one who looked lazy and like they didn't care and got whooped at home against Denver on Wednesday, or the team who played like they were fighting to stay alive in Golden State tonight. Should be an interesting game
armen58::Realistically, if the Lakers don't go at least 4-1 in the remaining games, they will be eliminated.
Chris31708::IMO a mediocre team is a team who is horrible on the road and so-so at home (wins only about 50% of their games on their floor).  Utah with a 29-10 home record can't really be considered mediocre overall, they just don't show up on the road.
junoNCAL::disgusting effort by my warriors to lose to this pathetic team
Fastfox1306::How can you call the jazz a pathetic team? That title is reserved for bottom feeders like the bobcats, suns, wizards etc. The jazz are fighting for the playoffs and when they actually show up to play can beat any team on any night. They're a great team, don't underestimate them.
Darkflame07::That pathetic team that won the season series and has missed the playoffs as many times as the warriors have made the playoffs in the last decade? That pathetic team that goes to the playoffs in a down year? That pathetic team?
Heizenbergg::I don't care what the records are now, your Warriors losing 22 of their last 27 games last year was $@%!$@% PATHETIC. !$@% laying down and tanking, idgaf if the Jazz are only fighting for the 8th seed, they try to win no matter what.
ChuckGF::hear that? it's the tiniest violin in the world playing your song
JWalk9267::lost the season series with only win coming when Jazz didn't have their starting PG...whose pathetic again?
Joshuabeightol::I'm no jazz fan but ill just say THANK YOU FOR GETTING AhEAD OF LAKERS!!
BigDirtyStinkinBass::Jazz did nothing, they got ahead just by the Lakers losing. Thank Kobe
Heizenbergg::Jazz did nothing..? Had they lost, they'd have been behind the Lakers again, soo..
luckyzac00::sorry bud, but i think the rest of us are laughing.  not at you, at the lakers.
luckyzac00::i think that's the general consensus of everyone (apart from fakers fans that is?)
lakers49ersrool::im just about done with them this season...what a dissapointment
lakers49ersrool::as a laker fan should we call quits on lakers playoff hopes?? is there still a chance?
Joshuabeightol::Yes!
lakers49ersrool::to which question?
tfoutz31::is bill oram racist?-----&gt;
adamsbrian88::I feel like he deserves more abuse from Jazz fans
JWalk9267::The immortal Bill Oram: politically correct, failed student of keyboarding 101 and 2nd grade English, and stole my sunglasses.
R Barron::Sorry about your glasses.
BigDirtyStinkinBass::Just an idiot
lakers49ersrool::times are really desperate for the lakers now, kobe needs to do what he did in 05 - 07, put the team on his back and drop 50...only chance lakers have honestly against the better teams.....
utfanatic2007::05-07 Lakers SUCKED!  05-Missed the playoffs 06-Lost in first round 07-Lost in first round  So Kobe didn't really do much.  Lakers weren't successful until Gasol was added.
tfoutz31::oops!
JWalk9267::If Kobe tries to put the team on his back he'll go 10-54 and the Fakers will lose by 30. He isn't the player he used to be.
tfoutz31::thats when they lose silly
tfoutz31::well it doesnt work that way anymore, times change my friend...
lakers49ersrool::it got them to playoffs with KWAME brown and SMUSH parker
JWalk9267::Favors is playing well lately. In the last 8 he has shot 57% and has got 10 or more points in 6 of the 8 (with the other 2 games being 8 and 9 points) He also has 4 double-doubles (just missing one with the 9 point game). Hopefully we'll get to see a lot of him if we are a game up on the Lakers going into the Memphis game.
2-3ZoneMakesGamesBoring::do the jazz have a chance against Westbrick and Durcant.
luckyzac00::depends on if westbrook is "bricking it".  one can only hope that this overrated want to be gets booted in the 1st round.  not sure what's funnier lakers not making it or OKC getting done in the 1st round.
The God of Trolls Returns for the 7th Time::"Good to have you back, buddies!"  - 9th seed to the Lakers
jason21382::As long as the Utah Jazz are in the 8th seed shutting out the Lakers of the Playoffs, than it's allllll gooood.
justafanson::Lakers will shut themselves out.
jason21382::wow, they must suck
NASH_10::Mike Dantoni seen climbing the Golden Gate Bridge a few mins ago...
kozanski2000::"Give me a minute, I need to call Reggie McKenzie about how to grow a pair and make tough decisions."  - Mitch Kupchack
Mancub 10::chew on that Oakland!
justafanson::Howard is going to sign with Houston, where he can play with an unselfish team that is playing a fun brand of Bball
Dawan208::Thanks to the Jazz .   Houston is going to get that 6th seat.  Go Rockets!!!!!!
kozanski2000::"I want to stay with a winner. Please don't trade me to the Lakers."  - Omar Asik
nihkkah::Omer..I'm Omar
NDFRockets18::They could always just move Asik to PF starting and as center when howard isn't of the floor sometimes
justafanson::And Lakers can't even rebuild until Kobe retires. He's a cancer right now.
too legit to quits::<a><b>I love how everyone is making fun of the Lakers. It will be even sweeter when we hoist the Lombardi trophy at the end of the season and watch all the haters eat crow.</b></a>
too legit to quits::<a><b>I love how everyone is making fun of the Lakers. It will be even sweeter when we hoist the Lombardi trophy at the end of the season and watch all the haters eat crow.</b></a>
too legit to quits::<a><b>I love how everyone is making fun of the Lakers. It will be even sweeter when we hoist the Lombardi trophy at the end of the season and watch all the haters eat crow.</b></a>
