Marc Huggard::This rookie Steven Adams makes OKC as dangerous as they were with Harden.  He sets screens like a battle hardened veteran.  He is a strong rebounder and tough on defense.  He can guard the rim and is smooth on offense when he gets the pass.  He is going to get nothing but better.  I am a Heat fan,  but I have to tell you the Thunder team is scary again.  Come playoff time WATCH OUT if they all stay healthy.
Jim Embree::Thunder Still OWN the mav's . . .
Christian Mosley::who beat OKC on their way to a championship.. yeah thats what i thought... you can have all the regular season victories you want
Justin McElhaney::Christian Mosley and it took the Mavs 7 years to win their 1st division title,26 years to win their 1st conference title and 31 years to win their 1st NBA title while it took OKC 3 years to win their 1st division title and 4 years to win their 1st conference title...OKC is out pacing the Mavs and making them look like chumps in the process...
Dezmond Scott::Justin McElhaney Dallas was a brand new team, OKC just switched locations.
Justin McElhaney::who has the best bench right now...that's right OKC... OKCs bench is scoring 33.7 points a game while Miami's bench is scoring 32.2..,Rockets 35.4 and Spurs 37.8..and FYI OKCs bench is the only one who's bench is avg below 20 mins a game..Spurs bench is avg 27 min a game and Rockets are avg 24 min a game....so in every experts opinion OKC has the best bench in the league right now because they are 3rd in scoring while avg 6-8 min less a game than the top 2....
William Cutting::OKC vs Pacers finals  book it
Corbin Henderson::I wouldn't count on Ibaka or Lamb taking enough pressure off of Durant and Westbrook in a playoff series against a good team. With a loaded west you have to see SA or golden state maybe even houston coming out of it.
Justin McElhaney::Corbin Henderson none of the other 3 has a bench that comes close to OKCs..Spurs bench is avg 37.8 points a game and after looking at their min their top 3 bench players are avg over 26 min a game and Houston's bench is avg 35.4 points a game and playing an avg 27 min while OKCs bench is avg 33.7 points and playing on avg 19 min and GS doesn't even have a bench...OKCs starting 5 is better than the Spurs,Rockets and Warriors as well as their bench is better..so far OKC is looking better than anyone
Nene Manny::Nah bro,
Shawn Bento::With the return of the point GOD, Thunder go on a long winning streak and re-establish themselves as one of the best in the NBA.
Anderson Daniel::81-1? #WhyNot?
William Collins::God, really more like a crying little demon........
Anderson Daniel::THUNDER UP!
Tracy Jovan Glover::#RISE #OKC #BLUEANDWHITEFOREVER
Bryan Smith::Funny how the Thunder traded Harden, let Martin walk, and STiiiiiiiLL boast one of the highest scoring benches in the league. Maybe now the Bill Simmons of the world can stop hyperventilating for a night or two.
Garrett Vascil::Mavs are still coming together. They have a healthy Dirk for the first time in 2 years. They have 3 new starters, who through 4 games have fared pretty well. If the chemistry continues to develop they could be a sleeper team to maybe even win a playoff series. But it's still really early.
Ruth Miller::Dirk still doesn't look right. Maybe it will come later in the season.
Justin McElhaney::OKC bench with 29 points so far...OKC is looking like they might have the best bench in the league
Brent B Jacoby::i know your being sarcastic so i won't hit you with the facts
Ayn Bland::Brent B Jacoby, facts would be appropriate since facts are what he posted.
Brent B Jacoby::Ayn Bland how's that @ss hole...your bench is ranked 17th...eat your crow  No	Team	G	Min	Pts	Reb	Ast	Stl	Blk	To	Pf	Dreb	Oreb	Fgm-a	Pct	3gm-a	Pct	Ftm-a	Pct	Eff	Deff 17 Oklahoma City	 3 19.7 31.7 17.0 7.0 2.7 3.0 5.0 12.3 11.3... 5.7 12.0-27.3 .439 1.7-8.0 .208 6.0-7.3 .818 39.7 6.7See More
Anderson Daniel::Steven Adams is going to be a top 10 player at his position in a few years. Book it
Shawn Bento::VC = classless.  Mavs = dirty.  FACT.
Dan Brann::What happened? I missed it
Ayn Bland::Elbowed Adams in the face and got ejected.
Tyler Asbury::Steven Adams swung an elbow when he was trapped and caught Carter in the jaw, wasn't caught by the refs and Carter  just turned and slammed his forearm into Adams face. Started with a missed call, but I don't think there was anything malicious by Adams hitting Carter so his return elbow was uncalled for. On the review Adams got a technical and Carter got a flagrant 2 with an ejection.
Alex Powers::I love the Mavs, they are my team for life but I just don't see them pulling out a win right now. I think Westbrook is going to have an insanely good game. The people guarding him: Calderon and Mekel (1st string and 4th string). Not my top picks for a defensive presence. They won't be able to contain him in the game and the Mavs won't be able to assign Marion on Westbrook because he will have his hands full with Durant. Westbrook is the X-factor in this game. If he does not show up, then the Mavs will. The problem is is that Westbrook is hungry for some wins
Thomas Evans::And hungry to show that he's back
Derrick Berry::Dallas will pull this off, with the introduction of Ellis. Thanks for letting us present him to you all Oklahoma.   Sincerely Yours, Dallas, Tx
Amir Shirazi::Say the guy who likes his own comment lol, and you woke up and it was all a dream that they won lol mavs suck
Jeff Elkins::Hes shooting well, but hes a streaky shooter.. Eventually hes going to miss some crucial ones..
Lance Baldwin::Monta Ellis. The guy playing for his 3rd team in 3 years.....
Ruth Miller::DeJuan Blair says "They're one of the league's best teams". "We are on of the league's best teams".  Duh.... I don't think so DeJuan. Dallas will be fighting with other teams to get the 7th or 8th seed.  They can score, but they have no defense.
Justin McElhaney::looks like Ernest Richard Harden V prediction of OKC winning 117-93 was a pretty good prediction
Ernest Richard Harden V::Thunder will roll Mavs 117 93! On a side note westbrook will have a better game then rose as usual.
William Collins::Dallas has not scored under 105 points all year good luck with this score.
Chris D. Meyer::William Collins- all 4 games! WOAH!
Adam Pfeiffer::Every Mavs & Thunder game is close. I can tell you don't watch them.
Justin McElhaney::looks like OKC is going to keep the Mavs under 100 points
Josh Jordan::I think my Mavs will shock the world  108-104
Brandon Johnson::I don't think it would be that big of a shock. These are both good teams.
Pavel Knutsen::No way the points total is below 220 in this game
Justin Haynes::LET JONES PLAY MORE!
Jack Schmitt::Well, it hasn't taken long for the Thunders resident gunner to get back in the flow of things. 16 shots to Durant's 13, after 3 quarters. Westbrook can pad his stats all he wants in order to feed his massive ego, but they'll never win a title with him running the offense.
Justin McElhaney::the playoffs and their 1st 2 games without him says your a idiot and know nothing about the NBA or basketball in general....
Jack Schmitt::Justin, you keep on defending Westbrook all you want, but my 50+ years of closely following the NBA still tells me that guys like Westbrook and Carmelo Anthony (And I'm a devout Knicks fan) will never lead their teams to a championship. It's just the way it is, and you calling me names isn't going to change that one bit.
Justin McElhaney::Jack Schmitt the fact that you failed to look at how OKC performed without Westbrook and then made the comment you did says that you need another 50 years to really understand the game....not to mention EVERY expert and analysts has said that without Westbrook OKC wouldn't make it out of the 1st round of the playoffs but I guess you know more than the experts and should be working for ESPN or some other sports agency....I stated 2 years ago when everyone was hating on him that if he got injured OKC would implode and what happened when he got injured..that's right they imploded...didn't mean to call you names but I hate people like you who make stupid statements and comments without facts to back up your claims....your comment and every other Westbrook hater have been proven wrong by facts of how OKC performed without Westbrook and even the biggest hater of you all Skip Bayless even admitted he was wrong about Westbrook and apologized...
Cedric Teague::It will be a close game with the Mavs adding SG Monte Ellis. But with the return of PG Russell Westbrook along side of SF Kevin Durant. Dallas doesn't have enough Defense Or answers to stop to best 2 man offense in the NBA today with an average of 54.6 points per game even out scoring (Lebron and Dwade with 48.3 a game) OKC will take it home.
Brandon Johnson::But it's not a 2-man game. It's a 5-man game. I think Westbrook needs to shoot about 20 free throws to give OKC a shot. He's not that efficient from the field.
Lucas Hammonds::Brandon Johnson Boom.
Rolando Mercado::dirk needs to be more aggressive offensively! crowder's shot is greatly improved! if he can be consistent carter might have to go to free up minutes for crowder. dallas still needs more defense!
Andrew Guest::This one will be close. I don't know what the point spread is for the game, but I have a feeling that it will come down to how well Dirk plays. If he plays lights out, then I have a feeling that the Mavs will win. They won't win if Dirk plays like he did last night.
Clinton Kelley::If the Mavs team from last night shows up then I'm taking Dallas, but if the Mavs team from Houston shows up then OKC in a landslide. That's the problem...we never know which team is going to show up.
Christian Mosley::Never know? After 4 games how could you know anything..
Brent B Jacoby::durant and lebron play together all the time in the summer and are very good friends. I foresee them playing together in the future. if you can't beat em, join em
Ayn Bland::Do you get a little hard when you think of it?
Brent B Jacoby::Ayn Bland no only when i think of your mom
Ayn Bland::Isn't it past your bedtime?
