Haris Khan::Why were these nets given so much hype this past summer in the first place? The bottom line is you are not gonna win anything when you have a coach like Jason Kidd and senior citizens like Jason terry, Paul Pierce and K.G. On the other hand Joe Johnson and Deron Williams are a bunch of overrated bums who have done nothing this year. Yeah right these so called bums were supposed to be a challenge for the pacers and the heat hahaha
Kenneth W Brooks Jr::Cool!! Another opportunity to watch Duncan punk KG!!!!!
Shanny Salcedo::KG is done and needs to retire or come off the bench with Plumlee starting....D-will sucks and it will be a travesty if he gete voted into the all-star game
Igor Yank::how did brooklyn go from finals contender to worst team in the league?
Blixa Ridgeback::finals contender... laughable.... stern was "wishing" that both NY teams would be at the top, cuz he hates "small market" teams, both teams suck butt, you cant 'buy' a championship (except miami, lol)...and im betting he's hatin' the success of the spurs, pacers, trailblazers etc.......
Alex CoolSnapple Fedorov::Blixa Ridgeback He hates the Knicks though Btw always liked the Spurs!
Çarlos Ismaël Pérez-Tort::Best decision ever, Deron.   Burn with Brooklyn!
Alexis Colón De Jesús::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWbOeCZ3vnI
Lester Avellan::Spurs easily!
Jack Fierro::GSG!
Kyle Harrington::The nets are just a bad team. Players aren't playing as a team (geez,who saw that coming) and Kidd is horrible as a coach. He should have spent a couple of years holding the clipboard with a well coached team before anyone even thought of making him a head coach.
Michael Killebrew::Gotta love Patty taking 15 shots. Just wish he shot for a higher percentage but you cannot make them all. GSG!
Daniel Tuggle::When Great coaching meets bad (and to be fair inexperienced)
Steven Rivera::Funny how ESPN bashed the Knicks and said that Brooklyn got the better player in D-Will 2 years ago when the Nets moved to Brooklyn, But if you look at stats the Knicks by far got the better productive player in Melo and its not even close. D-Will is a bit overrated.
Trent Conheady::They're both overrated though.
Steven Rivera::Trent Conheady Not really, Melo been out scoring, rebounding and his season assist numbers are better then anyone on his own team. Melo actually playing up to his contract D-Will isnt
Denniz Rodman::Steven Rivera Bulls fan here, I don't like both Melo and D-Will but I agree with you Steven.
Marcleen Bavogui::this team is done and we are not even half way into the season they dont respond to anything
Jazmine Ortiz::while kg and pierce make brooklyn worse ray allen sitting on a beach being a hero ah
Marcleen Bavogui::lmao what a beatdown this is a lesson in how to play basketball
Mike Wagener::Spurs will struggle somewhat in this one....Spurs 111, Nets 88
Derrick Alderete::Can't wait for this game....sitting 9 rows from floor finally going to make it out to a game and see Spurs, KG, and Pierce up close.....Go Spurs Go
Christopher Couser Dc::Duncan vs Garnett..classic!
Andrew Little::Except Timmy can still actually produce big numbers.
Dave Galehouse::Is 0 for 5 good for 12 million a year from kg?
Jon E. Diggs-Livernois::Nets stink, fire Kidd already
Joseph Copp::spurs win this by 20
Blixa Ridgeback::g  o    s  p  u  r  s    g  o  !  !
Brandon Searles::KG is undoubtedly having the worst year of his career. He hasn't recorded one double double this season. I think we can all agree the Celtics made out like bandits with that trade. AK-47 has to be thinking, "I gave up 10 million dollars for this?"
John Taylor::there isnt any reason why brooklyn shouldnt be at least able to beat the spurs.   brooklyn should build around kevin garnett, and joe johnson.  i think the nets can get about two or three efficient years out of the '08 champ garnett before he retires.  i  sometimes wonder how the nets feel about their coach?
Blixa Ridgeback::there is a reason the nets wont beat the spurs, the spurs are a much better team, period
Ryan Byrne::They should build around 37 year old Kevin Garnett? What? Build a team around a 37.3& FG shooter who averages 6 points a game?
Yoonki Ethan Park::LMAO build an injured team (coached by Kidd) around a 37yr old player who's seen much better days.
Jack Fierro::Hard to believe that the Nets players had to be told to come back out of the locker room to finish the game. Embarrassing!!!
Shanny Salcedo::This team looks defeated/lifeless and it doesn't help when Blatche isn't playing......Didn't expect the nets to win this but at least go down trying
