Kyle Miller::Brooklynnnnnnnnnnn sucksssssssssss.
Vincent Lee::DWill for Lin n Asik n a 2nd round pick, DO IT NOW before Houston changes mind.
Corey Joseph::and start shaun livingston? ew
Bob Scog::With games like this there should be more cheerleader shots.
John Smith::THESE JERSEYS SHOULD NEVER BE WORN AGAIN
Sean Labrador Y Manzano::Why should we like Kevin Garnet?
Marlon Nothin'canchangeme Jackson::Lets go Bulls!!!
Brian Robbins::This is one of Jason Kidd's greatest coaching jobs. ~ Lawrence Frank
Jeffery Austin::This team has prostitutional tendencies. IT SUCKS!
Andy P Kordyban::the Nets had one too many rum and eggnogs with Santa last night
Cashed Up Kris::actually only one specific Net, and he doesn't play anymore.
Taylor Manes::Lord please let us lose this game...Lol..I hope we lose all our games....the tank is real..
Taylor Manes::My Christmas present wish is jabari parker just wrap him up come draft time and put him under our tree....yay...Lol..
Nick Mann::Taylor Manes For that to happen twice in a 5-6 year period...even I will start saying the NBA is rigged if Bulls get Jabari....and I'll love every minute of it.
Taylor Manes::Nick mann David stern rigged the draft in 2008 that's hope we got rose and a lot of people are talking about how cool it would be parker comes to chicago..I'm pretty sure he's going to rig it again like he Riggs everything else..
Nick Mann::Hopefully it's the Joakim Noah show....with Rose being out for 3 years now he's easily become my favorite player in the league.  I wouldn't take any other center in the league over him.  Are there more talented centers?  Of course....Brook Lopez has a better offensive game, Dwight is physically more intimidating, the Gasol brothers have great skill....  But when it comes to every facet of the game, Joe is there.  best passing big man in the league, never a ball hog, never stagnet with his offensive movement, always fighting for every board on defensive, has a solid grounded defensive game without fouling and bailing out the offense, and best of all his intensity level is off the charts.  He is the sole reason the Bulls have been competetive with Derrick's lack of play since they lost to the Heat in ECF.  Hopefully Chicago can ge...t some healthy talent around him, Taj, and Jimmy.  You don't get much better on defense when talking about SG, PF, and Center.    I want to see a Deng for Dion Waiters trade.  Kyrie's ego is growing and there isn't enough room for both of them in the locker room.  They need a SF.  Bulls can move Jimmy to the SF and Waiters is our shooter and ball handler to take pressure off the PG.  Loving the pickup of Augustine.  He struggled at first but you can see that he's getting more and more comfortable.  Even when Kirk comes back I hope we keep Captain Kirk on the bench to keep the bench mob more organized.  Kirk simply can't make the plays and break down defenses like DJ does.  I guarantee the Bulls 3 pt% goes up if DJ starts the next month.See More
Taylor Manes::That's an insult for joekim Noah..Noah owns brook Lopez Top five centers in the nba 1·Roy hibbert 2·Dwight Howard 3·Andre Drummond 4.Joekim noah 5.Tyson Chandler
Jr Eastwood::Andrew bogut  great on defence
Genya Kilimnik::Taylor Manes : lol @ Drummond at #3
Alan Hardt::D...Will..should have gone to Dallas...you would have been a God in your hometown....Plus Have Dirk To pass to...Big Mistake...Cuban would have matched the $$$$$$
Kenny Kuang::Cuban is not allow to give more than team with bird right.
Yinan Chen::I never got the Nets plan for this year. Even with everyone healthy and Kidd not a retard coach, they were 2nd round playoff exits. Why trade away the future for that?
John R Barker::A) It's always a joy to watch Kevin Garnett lose and B) those uniforms are atrocious and should never be seen on another NBA court.
MiQuel Carniel::The NBA players on the Nets and Bulls are fat out of shape and terrible. It's a foul call just watching them play
Clint Czar Jefferson::*flat
Marvin Garcia::Nets are worthless!! Forfeit the rest of your games!
Robert Janousek::Atlanta would appreciate that.
Bob Scog::Jason Kidd got the lump of Coal for Christmas.
Ray Trisler::Where is Lawrence Frank when you need him.
Nicholas Tidwell::How many games before Kidd gets fired?
Aube Rouge::It's going to take a year or two to rebuild. Switching coaches every year doesn't help.
Ray Trisler::Aube Rouge Are you saying Kidd is a coach. Name one coach who went from a player to coaching and did well since Mr. Russell.
Aube Rouge::Ray Trisler I'm saying it's too early to tell. I'd give it a season, at least.  Maybe two.
Shanny Salcedo::thank you nets for kris humphries lol
Jean R. Jeudy::I hope they never bring out those ugly uniforms T-shirts out again. The NBA is at an all time low based on popularity. David Stern needs to step down sooner rather than later. There's no passion or competition in the game anymore. The Eastern conference behind the Heat, Pacers, and Hawks are an embarrassment to all professional sports based on their records. I missed the good old days of the NBA. It once was more popular than football. Now, I'm not sure if I rather watch baseball or hockey before I choose the NBA
Derek Ferguson::You say Hawks as if they're in the same class as the Heat and Pacers
Jean R. Jeudy::Derek Ferguson They are not but I'm talking about overall record. And the Hawks are above .50
Derek Ferguson::Jean R. Jeudy And that's sad. 3 teams above .500 in the conference. The Heat and Pacers aren't going to be tested until they play each other. Evey other team in the east is gawd awful. The 8th seed may have 50 losses this year.
Justin Taslak::Garnett's hands don't look right when he's handling and shooting the ball this season, almost like he's arthritic. Does he have some sort of hand injury? Not tryna diss the man I love Garnett, generally curious why he doesn't look right and isn't playing well this year. Edit: that last shot was wet though!
Ken Ahl::i think it's the uniform
Marcleen Bavogui::booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo LOSERS
Mike Murphy::Since this is a blowout, can we at least get a Joey Crawford dance?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZx_jcE8TIo
John Paul::Jason Kidd just put the scrubs in. 2 minutes left. Why not put Naz, Teague, and the other rookie that never plays  in the game???
Daniel Tuggle::Erik Murphy
Jarrod Borunda::The nets second leaden scorer only has played 13 minutes haha teletovic lmao
Michael Killebrew::Wow the Nets bench shot 4 of 30. Smh, pitiful. No wonder why they are 9-19.
