Graham Horobetz::Hard to cheer when there is no heart, no grit, and no grind. Same names on the jersey as last year, and that's about all that's the same. Hopefully this loss teaches us a lesson, because apparently close wins against winless teams won't do it. Turnovers are disgusting, just lack of effort. If Joerger truly has his players respect, you MAKE them learn from this. I have no clue why he has Leur guarding Davis. Not encouraging, never seen a game like this where we give hardly any effort.
Shawn Bento::Firing Hollins after he took them to the WCF last year... classic case of trying to fix what wasn't broken.
Daniel Tuggle::It's a bad omen too
Mike Wagener::I bet Lionel Hollands is looking pretty good right now to Grizz fans.
Graham Horobetz::I'm not drinking the Calathes gatorade, I want some more time for Franklin, his first nba minutes, and though he did make mistakes, he gave a lot of effort. If one of our rotational players isn't bringing it, I wouldn't mind seeing him put in there. Pelicans got a franchise player in Davis, he will be an All-star this year for sure.
Brent B Jacoby::its not sure fire...he wont be an all star unless his team starts winning more constantly and he plays every game constantly (not even for young player)
Brent B Jacoby::not constantly, *consistently
Graham Horobetz::Yeah, the more wins, the better to help his attempt at being an All-Star, though I hate Kentucky, he seems like he has a good head on his shoulders and is very coachable, unlike other Kentucky 1 and done big man, Cousins
Chase Ennis::This is not the same team anymore. I'm beginning to think letting Hollins go was a terrible move. Something has to change, and QUICK!
Chase Ennis::The sloppy ball handling too like wtf? Turnover turnovers turnovers. Somebody needs to light a fire under their @$$!
Morgan Dillon::How long before Joeger finally realizes that Memphis is not built to run and gun?
Carl D Hill::See what happens when you change coaches just because?
Paul Nellom::Anthony Davis is a beast.
Jake Holmes::Go grizzlies ppl please be loud
Chase Ennis::Go Grizzlies! Let's get above .500!
Memphis Tenn::Go Grizzlies!!!
Greg Bosgraaf::Like Graham has already said turnovers will probably be the key to a Grizzlies win. That used to be our Hallmark, especially at the Grindhouse. One thing I did like from Monday's game and I'll credit Joerger with this one, was that he continued to play the hot hand JB in the 4th quarter. I feel like Hollins was always sticking to his rotation and would have pulled him because that was how his rotation worked.
Memphis Tenn::Agreed!
Wild Silverback::LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooooooooo !!!!!
Wild Silverback::30 point deficit... ROFL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Chase Ennis::So funny. Tell me... just who in the hell is your team?
Morgan Dillon::Way to like your own comments....
Graham Horobetz::Constructing a Dave Joerger statue if we come back and win this, I will pray to it every game day and give burnt offerings of Clippers Jerseys.
Chase Ennis::We have to quit allowing teams to whoop up on us in the 1st quarter! Take better care of the ball and get back to playing some defense!
Wild Silverback::Memphis =  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAA ! What a joke of a team..
Graham Horobetz::It's cool refs, just ignore that and continue to call the illegal screens and stupid blocking calls
Rickey Fuquay Jr.::Something told that getting rid of Lionel Hollins was going to haunt the Grizzlies this year.
Daniel Tuggle::Do people even Realize Anthony Davis is only 20? I you aren't paying attention to him. you should period
New-Me Gotthat::I'm a Heat fan but I know basketball n I knew firing LH was going to come back n bite da owner in da a**
Marcleen Bavogui::firing hollins smh this isnt the grizzlies from last season..
Graham Horobetz::I didn't think Hollins being not re-signed would be such a potential detriment. I mean, when Rudy was traded, I was okay, he was not a high FG shooter and we had STATS to back up the trade, we had the 2011 run to look to without him. Lionel, ever since becoming the coach though, we had improved every year under him. It was more of difference of philosophy, but still. Games like this make me wonder if we'd be playing like this under Hollins? Of course this is just 1 game, but this isn't how you attempt to go to the WCF or further this year. Joerger has been stressing that these are just "kinks" being worked out, but this goes beyond that, kinks are meant to be worked out in preseason, not in the 2nd week of the NBA season.
