kent432::What happened??? Knicks are going down....fast..will all this banging help...it might help you-but c'mom!!!!
Cyberninjamonkey22::Knicks are trash. HAHAHAHA Go nuggets!
xmanfolife::The Knicks gave away Billups for nothing? Brilliant move Knicks....Laker's get more production out of their points than the Knicks....no, really.
pcappitelli::Remember that time (back in December) when all the Knick fans were pounding their chests about how great their team was and that the Knicks were going to be a favorite to win the East.    Does my heart good to see them suck so bad.
Dave5227::Wow, this is an article in which Melo says that Denver got the better deal in the trade for him......Errrrrr, dude, did you just hear what you said??????  http://espn.go.com/blog/new-york/knicks/post/_/id/10072/carmelo
Jthizz69::umm, Denver DID win the trade. Gallinari, Wilson Chandler (both potential borderline all-stars), Raymond Felton, and Mozgov gone for Carmelo. You can say Carmelo only because where is Chauncey Billups? he ain't in NY. The Knicks had a complete roster AND a winning record before the Melo trade. Have been losing ever since, losing record the rest of that season, in the playoffs, and now. But frankly idk what you were even trying to say, it just remotely seemed like you thought NY won the trade, when in reality Lost would be putting it very lightly. They $@%!$@ up big time.
xelaguat::Same old Knicks. It's like Zeke never left
100speedy001::Jennings takes 26 shots and doesn't take a single free throw.
Jthizz69::they were clean jumpers he found in the Knick's porous defense. Sorry they can't play D. He took many free throws when he dropped 55 on GS as a rookie, but similarly they couldn't adjust to him popping off screens for easy jumpers.
NYCTheRealTitleTown::Bulls = 2008- 2009= 39-41 Bulls= 2009- 2010= 41-41  Anyone remember the Bulls record when they hired Tibs?
mbatkiew::What does that have to do with the Knicks? You're not finding another Thibs and your roster isn't anywhere near as complete as the Bulls. If you need more proof of that, the Knicks just hired a "defensive specialist" coach in Mike Woodson to be the assistant coach. How's that working out? Besides, the offense is terrible now too.
Dave5227::Melo is like a hot girl with herpes...and aids, and..Well, you get the point!
itsaboutteam::Carmelo Anthony takes 26 shots in a double digit loss..get used to this Knicks fans.  It's not even really Anthony's fault, he's just being a scorer like he always has been.  Blame the idiots in the Knicks front office for their inability to evaluate players' full skill sets or understand team chemistry.     Last year's trade was the worst I've seen in a long, long time.
Jthizz69::completely agree, team was better with just Amare, + Danilo and Wilson C combined score more than melo lol. +Felton too, since Billups was amnestied the Knicks really screwed up there.
BillyBarooooo::Dumbtoni's inspirational halftime speech and the Knicks come out flat..heard this before?  Outcoached every game...sickening
perrypete::FINALLY!!!  livingston starts and the bucks win!  about time, they are so less selfish and so much better defensively with him in the lineup and at the point!
BillyBarooooo::ANY coach other than DUMBTONI would have 10 wins...
BillyBarooooo::his body language is awful, he isn't a leader at all..he looks defeated from the first time out..crossed arms, shaking his head  the man needs a class on leadership and body language of leaders
fox1131::Lets not get carried away, its not all his fault, but he is a $@%!$@%.
middlet01::Any word yet on if the knicks organization has APOLOGIZED AND REFUNDED Spike Lee's money yet, for having to watch these sorry @$$ knicks.
fortwintee1::you mean white people didnt blow up the levies?.....smh...there goes my conspiracy theory
fox1131::Spike has lost his mind years ago, probably around the time when he said that white people blew up leevies in New Orleans...I don't even think that he knows that he is a basketball game anyways.
BillyBarooooo::dumbtoni strikes again
samcar9er::Send Carmelo to Boston for Rondo!!!!!
nycpratl::Boston won't take Carmelo.  Doc wouldn't go near that guy nor would Ainge want the headache.
_misterfurious::Anyway even though the Knicks look like garbage right now, it's too early in the season to be throwing in the towel. If they rip of a 5-6 game win streak, the season looks totally different - we'll see where they are at a month from now.
nycpratl::Nothing in this team, coach or players gives any indication of future success.  Lottery looms.
fox1131::At this point can hope for that , but I am afraid that Knicks will make the playoffs at 7 or 8 spot every year, and play themselves out of it.
samcar9er::without a pg to run the team there still going to be stuck at 6 wins a month from now.
nycpratl::fox: Bulls are everything knicks are not. respected organization committed to winning,  hired respected coach with strong defensive track record.  successful trades, pickups excepting perhaps boozer.  great teamwork and execution.  you're to be commended.  hated watching jordan burn us in the 90's but again much respect.
fox1131::Lakers, but that's a complete different offense, and Heat, but again. In D'Antoni system u need one, or you are doomed. As a Bulls fan, I wish Knicks luck, it would be nice to see the old intensity back in those games, but it does not look like it will happen.
knicks_11::exactly itS Not their Problem. i Wanna See any teAm that  succeeds without a PG
fox1131::You can't run that offense without a stud pg.
knicks_11::tHaNK YOU ATLEAST sOMEONE Realizes that
fox1131::1/4 of the season is gone, how is that too early? I assume that in next few weeks Amare and Melo will learn how to play team ball? Letting Chandler go was the worst thing NYC did, well, after trading for Curry from us. Ty MR. Thomas!
fox1131::Its funny how all the Knicks fans are now complaining about Melo and Amare, yet when the trade happen you were all in nirvana. Careful what you ask for. At which point did any of you think that having two no D playing players would bring success? Especially in the playoffs when its all 1/2 court game its over for the Knicks; 1st round exit every year.
greengarden74::Knicks haven't hit the hard part of the schedule; they've had one of the easiest schedules to start the season.  That's the bigger issue.
fox1131::Ha?
knicks_11::i WANNA sEE tHIs EXACT COMMENT AFTER 2 wEEKS.
sportsfans1995::Where all you knicks fans at???
sportsfans1995::i meant 2 years AGO!! and im 20 bro! people think mom jokes are funny...there just cruel and mean!
sportsfans1995::NOT FUNNY!..my mom died 2 years old. She had breast cancer. She tried he best but didnt make it! $@%! OUT OF HERE! i was just kidding
knicks_11::ooh..
knicks_11::In Yur Mom.
thedealerkuo::melo   35 pts but still - 19...how is that possible
fox1131::Great post, and that's why Chandler (wilson) is missed so much in that lineup, that kid did a little of everything.
_misterfurious::Because all he does is score and rebound when he feels like it. He doesn't do ANY of the little things to help win games - set screens, block shots, take charges - none of it.
samcar9er::I dont know if its possible, but Steve Nash would be the perfect fit for NY.
nycpratl::add grant hill.  and bring back 400 lb shaq out of retirement. yeah, how about patrick ewing??  he's probably got a few minutes left in those legs.  that's the ticket!!
nycpratl::that was the point ...  :)  going after nash is looking backwards.  knicks have done this before (glen rice, luc longley)
jondoe2008::you are talking loco
fox1131::There is a thing called cap. So you guys will have Nash, Amare and Melo play for you with a bunch of D-leaguers...yeah that sounds like a sound solution. Oh, and Melo and Amare will still not play any D.
thedealerkuo::but what trade assets do they have.........maybe shumpet + fields + a couple number 1s
knicks_11::thats Too Much. BoTh of them are pieces to The Team. doUGLAS. IS A GOOD CHOICE THo
samcar9er::exactly, knicks need someone to run the team, be the floor general. I dont know what the asking price is, but if its not too much i say go for it.
jondoe2008::that guy is near 40, yet he plays better than douglas, bibby and shumpert.  If they can trade for him....then go for it
marcpru60::Things didn't work out for the Knicks. It seemed obvious that it would not given Melo as much of a drama queen as a basketball player. But as season wears on there will be teams in the hunt needing a piece. Knicks have poor collection but many good pieces. They could really load up with a few trades.
NYCTheRealTitleTown::All i know is that next year the main attraction in Orlando wont be The Magic.... It will be the Magic kingdom and Mickey Mouse
Madhouse_United::magic-fan: "Hey! you guys want to hear a joke??? NEW YORK KNICKS" Got to admit. This is probably way funnier.
Madhouse_United::Fair enough.
samcar9er::My bad You sure sounded like one so i just assumed you were.
samcar9er::You guys are a  trade a way from being worse then the knicks.
Madhouse_United::Not a Magic fan. Sorry. Try again.
NYCTheRealTitleTown::anyone wanna hear a joke?  Dwight: I want to stay in orlando.   LOL
samcar9er::yes they are, He will probably be gone by all star break!!!!!!
samcar9er::did he really say that.
nycpratl::You're missing the point.  It's in his best interests to create the perception that he'll stay in Orlando.  Gives Orlando a better negotiating position to trade him.  If Lakers, Nets know that he wants out no matter what Orlando gets nothing back.
mjoskar::The problems with the Knicks is that Amare and Melo are never ever going to be a good combination together. They take away from each other's O game, and there's no way any Coach is going to get both of them to play D on a consistent basis. Wade and James may at times have trouble on the O end side of things, but they play D all the time.
nycpratl::And they're stuck with Stoudamire with that contract so to fix that you have to move Anthony. Knicks would botch that transaction. Dolan would probably trade for Jason Kidd or Derek Fisher.
samcar9er::I heard someone say to trade melo to jersey for D Williams. That would solve alot of the knicks problems!!!!!!!!!
fox1131::It so awesome to see the Knicks suck so bad. $@%!$@% NY fans were convinced that they could win two players who have ZERO desire to play defense, and D'Antoni who wants to run an offense that requires a beast of a PG, without a pg. LMAO..
samcar9er::Knicks need to talk with the clippers they have a ton of pg's on there team. Same with the wolves, Why not go after a Luke Ridnour, hes cheap and would help NY.
samcar9er::Baron has a bad attitude, bad knees and his a shoot first, pass last pg. hes not going to help this team.
mark35345::every person from chicago cheered when s kerr took a swing at him...
mark35345::billups and c. paul are actually coaching the clippers. del negro is a dork...
samcar9er::I couldnt agree with you more mark. Baron can be good when he wants to be , but that doesnt happen very much. Billlups has become a leader in the NBA even though he is aging now.
mark35345::Billups is an olympian, has a ring and porbably will make the hall of fame . mentioning him in the same breath as baron davis displays an unawareness of the NBA
NYCTheRealTitleTown::Isnt baron davis younger than the PG they amnestied this summer? didnt billups ge injured in the playoffs last April? morons
samcar9er::Exactly why not go after a mo williams or  Luke Ridnour, They need a pg to run the team, they better do something quick or this team is gonna end up blowing up on each other.
mark35345::i guess it's the same delusion involved in obtaining Anthony and Amare; 2 scorers who are allergic to defense and rebounding...
samcar9er::If they wait till Baron comes back it might be too late.
mark35345::why do some knick fans believe so much in a washed up Baron davis? this is pure delusion. Davis is 32, slow, no defense, and a turnover machine: he'll fit right in with the Knicks...
NYCTheRealTitleTown::Thats dumb. Ridnour is a d league PG. wait until baron is back
Ultras South::NYC may or may not be the real title town. But the knicks sure as heck aren't the reason for that. (maybe in the early 70's) lololololololol knicks lolololololol
nycpratl::Baron Davis.  32 yr old, bad back, on the decline.  Traded repeatedly even at his peak because of the problems he creates. Uncoachable, troublemaker (see Byron Scott, NOLA).  That's the solution?? Says everything about where this organization is at.
nycpratl::Another lost season. Problems go way beyond current players, coach. The Anthony trade was symptomatic of a toatlly broken organization. Without new ownership we will keep getting versions of this same mess. Need competent executives to make basketball decisions. The Isiah Thomas fiasco, pushing out a respected guy like Donnie Walsh this organization will not attract or retain talent under Dolan.
MirBay_Watson::Here's a piece of ether New York Suck fans will love:  Sixers&gt;&gt;&gt;Knicks.  Hustler's Row&gt;&gt;&gt;"Two-and-a-half Knicks"
NYCTheRealTitleTown::LOL THIS FOOL IS A PHILY FAN  So sad
BearJWS::Help Wanted:  PG Must be able to lead team, must able to pass to teammates in the right spot at the right time, must be able to hit an outside shot, must not look for himself first, must not play out of control &amp; turn ball over.  Additional position: Defense.  Send resume to: Mike D'Antoni, NYC, NY 10001
magic-fan::Hey! you guys want to hear a joke??? NEW YORK KNICKS
NYCTheRealTitleTown::How about this one?  Dwight: I want to stay in orlando.   LOL
fox1131::That's funny....lmao...
fox1131::LMAO...that awesome...NEW YORK Knicks....I got to tell that one to my co-workers...LMAO
shortmac2380::haha
magic-fan::LOL
flybye23::lmao
Dave5227::It's Saturday morning, time for my standard Knicks update......This is what you get for trading for a ball chucking wanna-be gang-banger who has never played a shred of D or led his teams anywhere who slapped a player in the face then ran the other way as fast as he could.....
fortwintee1::"wanna be gang banger"....im pretty sure that had to do with him being black.
NYCTheRealTitleTown::Obviously the Knicks didnt take the lead wih melo on the bench in the 4th. They neeeded his offense in the 4th to make it a close game
NYCTheRealTitleTown::what a stupid comment. melo lead the Knicks in points idiots. Without melo thy would have lost by 30. Think before you speak
Eatin Turnips::Anthony is shooting 41.1 percent from the field; his career low is 42.6 in his rookie season.
Stevepaullewis::melo for dwill?
fox1131::oops
shortmac2380::lmao at the knicks. they got melo and amare and they instantly thought championship. now there stuck with 2 guys who dont pass dont play d and sitting at 6-9. denver fans arent complaining.
NYCTheRealTitleTown::Denver will NEVER make it out of the West. Denver Nuggies Fans are too stupid to realize that and think they have a legit title contending team
Stevepaullewis::melo that was THE worst 35 points iv ever seen.....pass the ball for once.....ur teammates will love u for it......honestly knicks fans trading melo for a elite level point guard or heck someone else would be the best thing that ever happened to the knicks....well 2nd to patrick ewing....carmelo anthony plays the game of basketball like he's squaring off with some neighbourhood kids from down the street in the local courts....its predominantly one for all when melo has then ball in his hands......he's a freaking child
flybye23::oh c'mon, 4 assists from a guy who has the ball that often is great, lmao
THUNTER1970::"The mood is obviously not good after a loss, especially to a team you know you should beat. And it's been that way, it's been that way for the last five games," Chandler said."  If Scott Skiles doesn't have this hanging in every locker room before every game the rest of the season he shouldn't be coaching.  Put a chip there and leave it there on the teams shoulder all season.
nenzlick::Maybe all you Knicks fans should inform Melo and Amare to take the wallets out of their back pockets before the game. Then they will be able to elevate and make all those missed layups.
Sports_Fanatic_3::These so-called superteams aren't panning out like these players think.  Even though Miami isn't sucking $@% right now, they didn't win the title and Wade has been injured so far.  The Knicks are really bad and unfortunately they won't get any better.  Amare needed Steve Nash in Phoenix but sort of proved he could carry a team last year, but he has deferred 2 Melo.  Both shoot 2 many jumpers and need a point guard 2 facilitate the offense.  D'Antoni really should go and maybe Melo and Amare, they don't seem 2 be mentally tough, but damn, how many players are mentally tough these days.
Stevepaullewis::ur gonna hate me for this...... derrick rose?
Sports_Fanatic_3::Trade Carmelo for D Williams or fire D'Antoni.  This is pathetic.  Stoudemire and Melo don't play defense, they don't appear 2 be the most intelligent basketball players in the game and they don't have any chemistry on the floor.  Melo is a ball hog and he shoots 2 many jumpers.  This reminds of the Iverson trade 2 Denver...how did that work?  They got rid of Iverson after a year and a half.
Gillyballer1980::Let's go Bucks! Make a push for the playoffs!
JOHN393996::there is no team chemistry .we were getting a good team chemistry before the gunner got there. look at the nuggets now, with out him there doing great.anthony is not good for this team.as far as iam concerned .you need team work and defense to win.my knicks lack this big time.
nba is the worst::How many home losses in a row to losing teams does this make?
Dave5227::Err...whats 2011 minus 1995?
flybye23::dunno, but that is 2 losses in a row for your Lakers or did you jump ship from being a fan of theirs ?
flybye23::you are mostly right steve.  the knicks knew what kind of coach they were getting.   dont blame him cause the players are under performing.  and it does start with the supposed leaders in Amore and Melo.  i dont have a crystal ball but most level headed fans knew that the knicks pre-season rank of 5th or 6th was insane as was the Clippers.   the bullies will not get it done against the Heat this year.  Rip hamilton will only provide minimal help and thats on the offensive side since he is not the defender he used to be.   so assuming both squads are healthy, the bulls only addition was Rip.  The heat added Battier and you saw what he can do defensively when necessary after what he did to Kobe the other night.   and they also have a healthy Udonis and Miller.....wow !!!  and if Ed Curry works out even a little bit....yikes.
flybye23::you think Rose and Boozer were the only ones "hurt" ???   and you really think if they weren't hurt as you say, they would have won 3 more games ???  are you really that ignorant nba worst ?
flybye23::what injuries ?   and didn't you learn about worrying about the regular season wins and losses from last year.  remember when every one said cause they didnt beat the bulls and a bunch of other top teams that they wouldnt go far in the playoffs and look what happened.  didnt learn i guess !!!
flybye23::nice try but there was no double teaming when Lebron was sticking Rose at the end of games now was there ?
Stevepaullewis::you dnt get it do you? im not talking about last year....im talking about this year....the bulls are the better team with the better TEAM defense....lebron and wade are superstars dnt get me wrong but the heat won last years playoffs by double and triple teaming rose....that isnt happening this year and even though the heat may hav brought in a fresh batch of bench talent that isnt going to change the fact that now to beat chicago u dnt just cut off the head of the snake that is derrick rose u hav to defend the whole team......im personally more worried about haslem making an impact than battier and miller and curry....its gonna be close but bulls will get them by forcing wade and james into jump shots as much as anyone can and winning the battle of the boards
flybye23::and the heat are better also.  as far as i know, korvers inconsistencies dont relate to injuries.  unfortunately millers does.  so if both healthy, miller is much better.
flybye23::well who guarded Wade in the series last year when he was lighting it up ?  if Deng is so good on him why didnt he cover him instead of a supposed defensive stopper in Bogans ?     so we cant commit to rose now and you cant commit to lebron.  that leaves wade and bosh vs deng and rip......... i will be taking wade and bosh any day of the week and twice on sundays.   to say Rip is close to equal in upgrades is comparable to our upgrades is close to laughable.  you said they are a more complete team now cause of Rip.  you dont think the Heat who beat them 4 to1, and have become more complete themselves with healthy Halsem, Miller, and also Battier now cant beat the Bulls in a series.  i dont understand your logic.  i understand Rip helps but enough to put you over the heat for that reason is biased.
Stevepaullewis::my point was that miller is as inconsistent as korver and isnt a guy to rely on.....i admit that i prob dnt give haslem enough credit on the defensive end but again it still doesnt take away from the fact that the bulls are the better team this year
flybye23::let me correct your inaccuracies, lol.   Haslem is well known as an above average defender.  not to mention he probably is a league leader in charges taken every year.  Miller is more skilled than Korver.  Korver is not a ball handler and miller is.   Korver is strictly a shooter and Miller is more versatile and can pass and rebound which is evident by their career stats which Miller doubles Korver in assists and rebounds, and averages 4 more points.  so not a good comparison there by you.
Stevepaullewis::miami can no longer commit to rose because rip and luol will kill them frm midrange all day and also in rip and luol we hav 2 players who hav historically been as good as any player can be guarding wade and lebron....
Stevepaullewis::ur right and ur wrong flybye...ur severely underestimating what effect rip has on this team especially on the offensive end....rip as a player by himself isnt anything amzing anymore, but with this bulls team he frees up luol and rose and makes the ball move quicker and far more effectively than it did last season....plus bulls were in games last year wer they shouldve won but didnt against the heat and they were relying predominantly on rose, they no longer do that....not taking anything away from what battier, miller and haslem bring to the table but as can be seen even as early as we are into the season this bulls team is a better team than the heat and will win the 7 games seris in 6 toughly played games....that is my unbiased view, battier isnt the defender he used to be (dnt get me wrong he's still good), miller is a bit like korver on and off, and haslem is a superb rebounder and ok defender....they dnt hav the complete team that the bulls now hav
nba is the worst::Both Rose and Boozer played hurt.  Are you sure the ref help will flow again in this years' playoffs?
nba is the worst::Bulls have only played 6 home games, and they're up 2.5 on the heatles.  Feel free to ignore the Bulls injuries in last years' playoffs - things will be different this season
Stevepaullewis::firstly the blame doesnt rest on d'antoni....its managements fault for constructing a ridiculously unbalanced team and being weak enough to listen to hype when making important decisions.....secondly its the players (more the leaders in melo and stoudemire) fault for not having the discipline and motivation to run correct plays and provide the required effort needed to win....thirdly its d'antonis fault for only preaching offense first before defense....and fourthly its the knicks fans fault for booing their team on their home floor.....that is more embarrassing then what the knicks are dishing up right now
Stevepaullewis::watching this game it makes me realise how stupid these espn analysts are making predictions that the knicks would beat the bulls this year.....bullies will get it done this year, but not easily with the heat being the biggest obstacle out right now
flybye23::i love how you knickerjoker fans are blaming the coach for defense instead of the players for not putting the effort in to play better defense.  do these grown men really need someone to tell them how to play defense after all these years of playing basketball....so sad.
Merriweather Brown::D'Antoni = Scapegoat.** Woodson = Defensive Coach
Mitchell3570::Yo Knicks fans........ Bulls would gladly take Melo for Ronnie Brewer and two first round picks.......
Stevepaullewis::i dunno man.....brewers developed a jumpshot with range this year and is 5 times the defender that melo is
mikenysportsfan30::We gave this sucky team their very first road win of the season this year, and I am beyond angry. With this lockout having took place cancelling the first 16 games, I'm not even really watching NBA games this year.  I'd rather watch college basketball since that's exciting too.  I watched the Knicks win on Christmas, but I will tell you right now, since then we have prove absolutely nothing but to be the recently traditional failures of 2001-2010.
Merriweather Brown::The Bucks have the Knicks number...
mikenysportsfan30::As a disgruntled New York Knicks fan, I am officially calling for the immediate firing of Mike D'Antoni, a head coach who cannot only not teach defense, but now can't teach any offense. This is a terrible losing streak at a time we're trying to rebuild, and if we're even gonna think about the playoffs this year, we need to move in a different direction NOW.
Stevepaullewis::he's still one of the best offensive coaches in the league but the defensive schemes are just not there for this team....also depth, which is more important than anything in this condensed schedule, is lacking and really theres not alot the knicks can do about it without trading amare.....
SaintsNO9::Why on earth is Mike Bibby still in the NBA?
