Graham Horobetz::He moves with the grace of a gazelle. He is the new White Mamba, he is ..... John Leur
Wah Dae::Lolllllllllllll
Lugene Parker::....... Vanilla Thunder! lol
Lindsay Frischenmeyer::Go Grizz from Phoenix! We would beat this team by 50 if ZBo and Marc were healthy!
Ryan Ciantar::Go back to Tennessee.
Daniel Drewry::Grizzlies fans, does anyone know why Pondexter isn't getting any playing time? This is 3 out of 4 games now that he is a DNP but I haven't heard anything. Did he piss Joeger off or do something I don't know about?
Scott Keenan Ward::He was in the doghouse for having attitude about not starting over Tayshaun. Then, on Saturday against the Nets, he had a big game, but kept staring down Joeger and might have said something to him after the game (heard that on the radio). So he's seriously in the doghouse. Also, the team backed Joeger and told him off about his attitude. All of this is hearsay from the radio though
Matthew Dixon::^^^^^that  Heard from couple different people. Some players asked for him to be sat for his attitude
Greg Bosgraaf::Wow I figured that it must have been an attitude problem, but I hadn't heard anything about other players asking for him to be benched. That's pretty crazy stuff there, I like Q Pon and want him out there but not if he's a cancer.
Tyler DuPont::this will show you all http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZgqVEmPCWg&feature=youtu.be
Kenny Newhouse::Grit and F***IN Grind! Go Grizz!
Roderick Marshall::Go Blazers!
Roderick Marshall::You must be a young kid kurtis harrison, if all you can say to my post is go away dummy. Very juvenile to call someone a name. Sad, very sad.......
Graham Horobetz::Back to the Grit N Grind, need to do it consistently. Ed Davis  is proving me wrong, just needs to work on his free throws. Hopefully we can close them out in the 4th.
Michael Bradley::Bledsoe looked like he was still out of sync.  I say move Gerald Green to SF and put him in the starting lineup.
Sam Thomas::Suns are confusing man. Beat my Blazers twice but just can't handle business against the 8-8 Grizzlies?
Graham Horobetz::They lost to Utah, they are a young, mercurial team. Memphis is without Z-Bo and Marc, but tonight came back to the style of play that makes them successful.
Graham Horobetz::Free Quincy! I don't care if he had a spat with Joeger, his scoring is NEEDED with Z-Bo and Marc out
Lee Brantley::We need to get rid of davis for jsut such a game like this.  I hate this new Grizzlies ownership team.
Michael Maiorano::have either of these teams ever been to an NBA finals? 2 horrible franchises
Anthony Thompson::Suns have the fourth best winning percentage all-time.
Anthony Thompson::Alex Doub in 76 with Paul Westphal and Alvan Adams as well
Wah Dae::Yer daddy
Hans Christian Zambales::noone can stop "dragonblade"! (dragic and bledsoe)
Michael Maiorano::a game pitting two teams that won't make the playoffs this year.
Wah Dae::Hey, dummy, why are u here? Go away. No one cares about ur ill informed comment
Greg Bosgraaf::No Z Bo again hurts pretty bad. We need to come out of this tailspin fast.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::anyone else notice the suns are 9-8? what is wrong with the world
Vladimir Tsalyuk::heh grizzel taking another wizzle
Joseph Lopez::Anybody knw if ZBo playin tonite?
Greg Bosgraaf::The preview says that Z Bo is out tonight again. I say we all pitch in and make sure that dude gets weekly pedicures.
Greg Bosgraaf::nvm I misread the preview, it said they might have to play without Z Bo and Marc. I hope he plays for sure.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::oh snap grizzel fo shizzel
Tar Yak::Suns 93  Grizzlies 92
Chase Ennis::Go Grizzlies!
