R rules::Everybody is forgetting OKC my money is on them to take it all this year.  The Pacer's are peaking way too early, I doubt they will make it through the second round in the playoffs.  If they are banking on Danny Granger, forget it he is done.
MatG::still not sure why the Pacers signed Copeland, and then brought in Butler, could use an actual scorer somewhere off the bench.
Chris::Looks like we may be running out of gas on this road trip! Lets at least try to make the final score of this game respectable!
drdrazen::When Russel has fga less than Durantula-OKC usually wins...and vice versa...Pacers need to realize that this is THE season...and start playing the best against the best teams...
THE_CHIEF::Stephenson is okay, but Indy needs a seasoned scorer like Granger for games like this. Everyone else on this roster is an average scorer. When Granger gets right, this postseason will become VERY interesting.
kgdkdsk jgrjfgjd;fl::No, The Pacers are the real deal. The difference is this may be the first game of WestBRICK's career where he is actually playing like a PG. (5 assists & 1 TO thus far.) This is the only way OKC has a chance to win against a high level team in the playoffs, in a 7 game series. WestBRICK must quit his selfish ways and realize it's all right to be the 2nd best player on a NBA championship team.
paolosbrew::Paul George is in Mamba mode. 0 assist haha
MiamiRomeo::Wow... Russell may get a triple double in this won... Nice game Russ
NICK::This was a long road trip for the Pacers playing a number of great teams, not to mention a game last night against San Antonio, which they won handily.  The Eastern Conference inflation argument is valid but the pacers deserve a lot of credit. They've shown they can beat the best of the Western Conference.  Making this game out to mean something would be like beating a boxer after he had just had a 12 rounder fight the night before, and then boasting about it.  It's a long season and this stuff happens.  One game, long season.  Moving on.
Be+::The entire Thunder team only missed 1 free throw.  Wow!
