Joe Coburn::Predict the attendance for this game. Over/Under 1,000. I'll go under.
Colin Ziolkowski::The Bucks have another Awful Head Coach! They have a talented Roster that's been ravaged by injuries all season!(YEAHHHH) They took a shot during the Draft and hit Pay Dirt with Giannis Antetokounmpo! That kid is gonna end up as the best talent in 2013's Draft! And if they get 1 of the Top 3 Talents in the 2014 NBA Draft, they'll have a ridiculously Young,Long,Skilled,talented mixture of Super High Ceiling players mixed with some really good Rotational depth! With the right Head Coach, they'll be one of the best young and exciting teams in the League! It's awesome when a talented young team loses enough games to pick super high in the Best Draft in recent memory! This team is definitely Up & Coming! And "The Greek Freak" alone is worth the price of admission! On top of his development, he's grown an inch and a half since being Drafted! GO BUCKS 2014
Robert Fischer::Haha, I remember getting crap on here from some Bucks fans before the season for saying this would be one of, if not the worst team in the league. They tried to tell me Knight and Mayo were an even swap for Jennings and Ellis. Riiiiiight.
AlwaysAlways Excellent::I said that to and no one believed me. I even heard analyst on tv saying the bucks might be a surprise good team.
Robert Fischer::Yep. And I have nothing against the Bucks. Just not a fan of the moves they made this off-season.
Justin Nixon::Robert Fischer so you think paying Brandon Jennings 3 times his last contract for the same or worse play was the answer.. every Bucks fans is happy to be rid of Jennings, and Monta took less money than the Bucks offered to play for Dallas, what would you have them do to remedy that? And it sure is terrible to have better pick position in a highly regarded draft class with the second lowest payroll in the league
Lornet Prather::Congratulations!  Beating the Bucks fixes everything and now the Nets can get ready for the real championship, the Title of New York City. Nothing else really matters. Let the Heat, Thunder, Spurs and other Provincials fight over the NBA Championship.
Randyl Ybanez::Both coaches needs to get fired!.. I feel pity for the players of BKN, kidd needs to learn for years first before entering to coach a team in the NBA..
Cashed Up Kris::He'll never be a head coach again.  Jason Kidd and learn in the same sentence is hilarious...
Nicholas Sawyer::...parents don't have FSWI.  Who's Gianni's guarding...pierce?  What's with Ersan's terrible shooting %
Duddly Jones::bucks reek.............nets finally  had enough losing. Bux realized that and decided it's wiser not to play
Mang Artemio::hey nets don't tell me you're gonna let the bucks back on this one.... finish this one already, you owe it to your home crowd.
Dan Cotter::That coach needs to be fired.  Henson has been a beast lately.  Let the man play...
Will You::wtf o/u was 195 and bucks fouls with 24 sec left when they were down by 2 lol
John Martin::Start Mirza, sit Garnett. That would be a beginning,
Neal Burke::Coach does not like Henson, Jerking him around  COACH IS A JOKE !!
Justin Nixon::sorry to all Bucks fans and trolls, but the Bucks are not going to be the worst team in the league by season's end.. will they be lottery bound? hell yes, but when Sanders comes back, our magic lottery season is gonna take a sizable hit in percentages
Alexander Juneau::I feel like you value Sanders more than most people do.
Justin Autz::Well there's always Jabari Parker...
Carl D Hill::Go New Jersey, it's your birthday,.....
Mike Woolley::It's the Nets... Don't count your chickens till they hatch!
Ruthie Darrin Lane::Did Henson get hurt  or 3 fouls get him a seat
Matt Schuman::Will Reggie Evans get minutes?
Roger Pankow::Sanders is looking kind of like Andrew Bynum
Leon Debeljak::whats goin on with Henson?
Trent Conheady::Where all the nets fans at?
Open-minded Husker::Will Paul Pierce be suspended for this game?
