Brian cervelli::knjlbnuiobhkbihkbi
tomcghee::D'Antoni did it with the suns and knicks. does not use his bench, players are old and will wear them out by season's end. book it. free throw shooting is a joke. better hope they win when blake and nash return.
frankBanks8::surprise, surprise... lakers lose a game because of dwights inability to hit a free throw down the stretch... i never saw that one coming.
jcmaggi::If it makes you feel better, Lakers not named Kobe or Dwight went 50% (I think 9-18) from the charity stripe.
Kaluroso::The coach is "a little bit proud" of the Lakers...lol. And, what does that mean?
kenbob200::It means he'll just be happy to make the playoffs...lol
kenbob200::And think about it, if they let no so superman walk, the lakers will free up nearly 20 million a year.
kenbob200::Acquiring Dwight Howard was a bad move by management.  He can't play post and looks so one dimensional out there.  His free throw shooting looks worse than Shaq's.  At least with Shaq's lousy free throwing, he was an offensive force that could make up for it.  I know Bynum was injury prone, but now I see this kid has more skill than Howard.  Last, why would the Lakers trade away a 7 footer for someone that appears really to be 6'9 in socks.  I say let Dwight walk at the end of the year and retool.  I would rather watch a young team that sucks than see overpaid crybabies that stink up the joint on a regular basis.
kenbob200::jcmaggi that's because Gasol plays the center position better if they are not using the triangle.  All I was saying is Gasol could have played center until Drew could have come back.  Now on the other hand if Drew turns out to be like Oden,  then I was the right call and DH doesn't work out, then the team has almost 20 million to spend in free agency.  In that aspect, it was smart not get DH to sign an extension this season, then we would be screwed if this is DH we are getting.
kenbob200::I understand the bowling injury, but I think even Gasol would have done better than Howard's doing now.
jcmaggi::so you're arguing that they should have kept Bynum just because Gasol could do a better job than Howard? That doesn't even make sense. Furthermore, check Pau's numbers for the season then get back to me.
jcmaggi::Ya, Bynum's bowling injured knee looks way better than Howard.
sportsfan4lif::D'Antoni is doing a hell of a job...of losing.  -- Phil Jackson
Terry 1953::This is the worst Laker team that money can buy, too many garbage players.
droppedagain::Does Jerry Jones own this team too?
Brianhau529::lol lakers are so bad
_Thrasymachus_::The thing about Kobe and his jock riders are that they blame the loss on everyone else and takes all the credit when it's a win. Newsflash, when you take more than 3 times the shots as the next guy, it ain't the next guy's fault but your own. And when you have 10 turnovers, that ain't the next guy's fault. Maybe Kobe and his jock riders should look at who's fault it is.
jcmaggi::The problem with your "expert" analysis is that guys not named Kobe or Dwight shot 5-38 last night. The only reason the Lakers couldn't get Dwight the ball more down low is that the Pacers were just fouling him and sending him to the line where he was 3-12. Ya the turnovers hurt, but not as bad as 20 missed free throws and everyone else going 1-17 from the 3 pt line
c2g1980::I don't know about you but 40pts 10rebs &amp; 10 TOs is a pretty impressive stat line. Not all in a good way but impressive &amp; unusual nonetheless.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::LeBron did it, lost the game, and the owner said he quit on the team, but wanted to pay him a max deal to stay.
Carlosisgone::There are times when Kobe does too much, but last night was not one of them. Did you see the game last or just watching box scores? If you're just watching box scores, gtfo. When the bench was in they'd TO the ball. Fast breaks they would either turn it over, miss a wide open shot or just plain not do anything and wait for Kobe or whoever else. Pau Gasol got blocked 5 times. 5 FREAKING TIMES because he was throwing up garbage that an 7' who's not even a basketball player can block. MWP did next to nothing.  Dwight was a great on defense and when he got open he got the ball, but at the line 3-12...not going to do with that. Then Metta misses 2 free throws after Dwight missed another 2. How the hell can you be that BAD? Then Pau Gasol again. Instead of taking the shot he'd pass it up and guess who ends up with the hot potato at the last remaining seconds of the shot clock? Kobe. Not to mention the crappy officiating, the complete lack of bench contributions yesterday, Pau 'no show' Gasol, crappy free throws. Lakers should have lost this by double digits, but they didn't because Kobe kept them in it. I can't believe some "Laker" fans here are saying Kobe was the problem. What a bunch of idiots. yeah he turned over the ball too much (a couple of which weren't his fault, his teammates couldn't handle it apparently and a few that he got hacked on but no calls), but he did everything he could to get the win and almost did, but yet again the rest of the Lakers failed especially Ron and Pau on that last possession that gave the Pacers the win. In the end, the Lakers as a whole played terrible basketball. There is no motivation at all. The fact that a sick 34 yr old guard outplayed everyone else speaks volumes of this team right now. They have very little chemistry or rather some of them like Pau have overstayed their welcome. Don't be surprised to see him gone in a few months. As for those Laker fans complaining about Kobe. Can't wait to see your faces when Kobe leaves and you  see what your left over with. You'll be wishing he were there. smh.
NinthStExit::Let's face the fact.....the Kobe haters will find anything to complain about.  If he doesn't shoot enough, then he quit on the team....he shoot too much, then he is a ball hog.  Funny this only applies to Kobe....any other NBA star can shoot as much as they want and no compliants.  I would also like to look at the other "shooting" guards in the league and see the ranking of assists....kobe may be higher than you think.  Gasol does not play like he is 7 feet tall....he pouts and needs to go.  Lakers still need some bench players....I would still sign Delonte West.
BostonSports1281::This makes the Lakers 1-5 when Kobe shoots more than 20 times. They're 6-3 when he takes fewer than 20 shots.
Carlosisgone::Did you watch the game last night? No one else was making a shot and they were missing free throws too. It's hard to win when one guy is the only one doing much of anything on a team. Maybe the rest of them should show the f up? Pau Gasol especially? They have to be embarrassed that an older shooting guard who sick is playing harder than they are. I would be.
c2g1980::Yea watsontom is right. 10 TOs is never justifiable. He was all they had though &amp; the only reason the score was close, but if they'd go inside more instead of making Pau shoot 7 19fters, they'd have a winning record. Unfortunately that would mean less shots for Kobe resulting in him only avging 21ppg &amp; Kobe already said he'll retire before he avges 19 or 20ppg. Actually his exact words to Stephen A. were "Hell No" to that.
MrCBossPlayer::D-Howard was 7-10 from the field. He should have touched the ball more.
watsontom77::10 turnovers bro. Too much
Miami Time::D"antoni always blames the team for losses, but for how much longer ?
Legendary Lakers::Im growing sick and tired of Kobe's over usage of the ball and volume of shots in comparison to the rest of the team. When kobe scores high we lose....Scary part is I'm not too sure of how much will change when Nash comes because Nash wont be playing 40 mpg....D'antoni's days are numbered just as MIke Browns...Bad part is Phil probably wont come back after the way the Lakers pulled this stunt on him weeks ago...Pacers are ok but we should atleast be beating them by 10 points at least
Carlosisgone::You my friend are a moron. Kobe kept them in the game last night. Had he just started passing the ball and watching his teammates miss shot after shot, you'd be blaming him for not being aggressive. Seriously stupid Laker fans like this will be begging for Kobe when he's gone. Bunch of ungrateful fans.
rodneycash2008::Maybe he wouldnt have to shoot so much if others would step up and quit standing around.
CubicleJoe::kobe!
nylee64::the comedy is the Lakers said they need Nash but they was fine in the past years  without a point guard no???  you telling me Gasol, Artest, Dwight and Kobe in the lineup is not enough?
NinthStExit::No they are not.....Gasol plays to soft and pouts..........Artest is older and for some reason thinks he is a 3 pt shooter.....but unfortunately when he drives to the basket, he can't jump and usually gets the shot blocked.  I wonder if they can get Trevor Ariza back...LOL
Ceequel91::Huge difference... They aren't using triangle.. Duhh.....
BowDown2AmericasTeam::I see Dwight has been really working hard on his free throws.  I also see that he still tends to disappear at the end of close games.  Watched it in Orlando for eight years.  It's quite a joy to watch him do it to the small-market-talent-thiefs otherwise known as the Lakers.  Enjoy years of frustration, LA fans.  You deserve him.
rodneycash2008::its thieves, genius.  You are just upset he left.
desmond242486::i never thought much of him when he was in Orlando
rodneycash2008::Sure you didnt.
gemstar828::lakers &gt; kings
Jlv2012::didn't look like it last time they played.
Ustna5::Latin Kings?
bwp2bruce::If Kobe was forced to play a team game every possession, he would not be a star. The difference between him and Jordan is that Jordan showed that he knows how to run the point if he wanted to. In Jordan's only season as Point Guard he averaged 32 points, 8 rebounds, 8 assists. Kobe (an extremely limited one-dimensional player) can only play basketball if he has the ball and shoots 33 shots a game. Jordan could dominate a game without the ball.
NinthStExit::LOL.....why continue to always bring up Jordan.  All you jordan fans, let go.....he has been retired for a very long time now and no matter what you say...Jordan needed Phil, Scottie, Rodman/Grant and good role players to win.  I never heard Kobe say he was the next Mike......it is media and Bull Lovers-Laker Haters that constantly compare them.
Lakers_R_garbage_Fact::actually KoME wants to be jordan,,,,
KGuns92::*sigh* what's new, a kobe and MJ comparison. Just let Kobe play his game. I'm sure if you asked Kobe, he doesn't WANT to be better than MJ. Kobe is a basketball player like everyone else in the NBA, why hate on him? Hes successful. Deal with it. The Lakers offense has no chemistry right now and 23-43 FT shooting doesn't help either. I'm sure they'll be better as the season goes on but I don't see this lineup winning a championship
Ustna5::your idiot cohorts are always saying Kobe =&gt; MJ....
i hate all jews including mel gibson::Wow people still trolling hard on this board, Laker haters rise up!!!!
Kobe6timechampion::We Want Phil!
Ross0622::77 for the offensive genius... solid.. The Curse of Phil Jackson will live on...
Kobe6timechampion::They are who we thought they were!
mikeisildur::HEY ALL YOU HATERS.  K24 "AKA" THE GOAT FRESH OFF A TRIPLE DOUBLE.    40PTS 10 REBS 10 TOS.  WHAT NOW HATERS????  KOBE &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; YOU
tonythelakerfan::Howard just missed a triple double - 17 points, 8 rebounds, 9 missed FTs...
Ross0622::good enough to get his team the win!!  oh wait.........
sources says::Kobe 28 shots, Dwight 10 shots, Laker lose. How long do you think that marriage is going to last.
Jlv2012::lol good one.
Baseline Move::Any fool can shoot a lot.
nba is the worst::3 times in his career, out of 16 seasons
SpeedislifeA6::but it takes a special kind of bricklayer to shoot 43 % year in and year out
jcmaggi::Ya but not everyone can average 1.43 points per shot
Jlv2012::If this team is playing .500 ball by game 40 I expect Kobe to demand to be traded.
Seskatchewan::knowing the Lakers, they will fire D'antoni with hopes Phil will return, only for Phil to give them the bird
mjsanders::Or for MDA to be fired &amp; PJ brought back.
Gnu1087::"Heat fans" didn't exist before the Decision
_Furious_::No offense, but Laker fans are as big a front running fan base as there is in sports, so you guys really should be the last to talk about that stuff.
mackfactor::They both suck as fanbases.
Baseline Move::Alonzo Mourning would like your home address so he could be sure to slap the right simpleton.
sources says::Even with Alonzo, Heat didn't sell out
Jlv2012::Mike Brown: 1-4 Bernie Bickerstaff: 4-1 Mike Antoni: 2-3  Hmm, I wonder which coach is better?
Baseline Move::And Kobe's FG% begins its slow decline back to its usual mundane 40-something-% level ... the only question being whether he'll go below last year's career-worst shooting before it's all said and done this year.
blumelouis::I got the last word. lol
Jlv2012::What is Antoni's record as coach?  What was brown's?
EL P0LL0 L0C0::Top Role Models  1. Kobe Bryant 2. Mike Tyson 3. Lawerence Taylor 4. Tiger Woods 5. OJ Simpson.
sources says::1,2, 4 is living the American. OJ is the only one I wouldn't want to be. Taylor can still make money off his name.
Yungdubz27::OJ didn't kill anybody!
Jlv2012::Who has a better chance to make a comeback: Bynum or Nash?
_Furious_::Hard to say - Nash is pretty old. At least Bynum has youth on his side.
nba is the worst::Nash, no question.  (Fracture vs "weak cartilage")
Baseline Move::Nash ... not a knucklehead.
EL P0LL0 L0C0::How much money did Kobe pay that chick he raped to keep her mouth shut?
brandonlee561heat22::Did anyone here watch the game last night?
EL P0LL0 L0C0::I did, it was on Comedy Central.
mjsanders::Ok, so how many gms does No D Antoni get before he’s shown the door?!?  Are you freakin kiddin me that the Fakers canned a former COY FIVE GAMES into the season in order to bring in a coach whose system is proven to not win chips?!?  GMAFB!!!  Say what you want @ MBrown, but last time I checked, defense still produces rings.  With No D Antoni the Flakers have NO defensive scheme PLUS his offense doesn’t fit the personnel.  This season is turnin into a colossal disaster!  It looks like the FO thought that after gettin Nash &amp; D12, the team would just coach itself.  If MBrown wasn’t the guy for this roster, why not get a new coach in the offseason?  And if you really wanted to run No D Antoni’s system, why not bring him in BEFORE the season started &amp; make a trade or 2 to get guys that can, you know, run the floor &amp; shoot from the permiter?!?  LAL is a joke &amp; will NOT get HC in the playoffs.
jcmaggi::I expect haters are going to complain about refs all season due to the fact that the Lakers are going to lead the NBA in FTs. Haters will claim it's ref bias but will refuse to acknowledge the fact that teams are going to bust the Hack-A-Dwight thus sending Dwight to the line a ton (and by extension be in the bonus quicker)
highly debatable with extra sauce::that is exactly why you have a deep bench...hey frank...get in there and foul dwight
EL P0LL0 L0C0::Nobody is hating on the Lakers. They suck bro...7-8.
Jlv2012::Kobe turned the ball over 10 times, u serious?  Forget his 40 pts that's where the Lakers lost  the game.
jcmaggi::Right, it had NOTHING to do with the 20 missed free throws right?
_Furious_::lol this one is on the entire rest of the team besides Kobe - they all played awful besides him. Dwight's missed FTs alone is a 10 point swing.
Jlv2012::It falls on Kobe.  You can't turn the ball over that much.  They lost at least 10 pts because of Kobe.  Can't put this one dwight.  kobe's selfish play is killing this team.
EL P0LL0 L0C0::A lot of people forget that Kobe should be in prison right now for raping that girl in Colorado.
Gnu1087::That's why the case was dropped by a grand jury when 5 other men's sperm were found in the "victims" panties.  Try again bro
Ustna5::wrong...
highly debatable with extra sauce::whatever happened to jason kidd's dui where he totaled his car?
Jlv2012::Shaq would have hit at least 6 out of 12 freethrows.
nba is the worst::True, meaning a lakers win
_Furious_::Dwight's FT shooting is inexplicably getting worse as his career goes on.
_Furious_::Obviously Kobe will end up having a better career than Wade - I don't think that's debatable.
Gnu1087::I can't help but to talk $@%! about wade to a "heat fan"
_Furious_::Dude you're so random...
Gnu1087::??
Gnu1087::Dwade's overall numbers are getting worse and worse and he's only in his 10th season. AHAHAHA.  Dwade will not score 30,000+ career points and he most certainly will not be dropping 40 points in his 17th season.  Wade has 2 productive years left in his career
_Furious_::???
nba is the worst::His best season was his rookie year.  What a lazy bum
Jlv2012::If you can't beat the Pacers then there are big problems.
nba is the worst::especially with +16 fts
mackfactor::Roy Hibbert is a STUD! Fear his 9.5 points per game! That's nine . . . . AND THEN ANOTHER HALF!! Incredible! Totally worth a max contract!
JJ Buckets::.
JJ Buckets::If we made all our free throws, we would've won by 18 Repeat, 18! SMH at all the people who missed a lot (a.k.a. Dwight Howard, you cant be 3 out of 13 from the line!) SMH
jcmaggi::You can't expect them to shoot 100% as a team (especially with Dwight on it), but 70% is within reason
JJ Buckets::i was just exaggerating  they shouldve at least made ten more they were 23 for 43 over all  almost 50 %
major red::dear god, 10 turnovers?
Gnu1087::Kobe&gt; than your favorite shooting guard
Gnu1087::Don't forget the 40 points and 10 rebounds
SpeedislifeA6::shooting 43%, 10 turnovers and your team loses...whats your point?
SpeedislifeA6::just another day at the office for Kobe
bwp2bruce::Kobe scores 40; Lakers Lose  Typical headline for Kobe. He's a bum
guest197805::.
Jlv2012::I'm starting to think the Lakers are all hype.
spyderx2::Jim Buss: The Lakers can go 0-72 and I still won't hire the Zen Master.
jsteam218::Long John Silver's or Captain D's...so many hard choices in life...
LongDongSilverOU812::I
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::yes sirrr
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::I'm going to wendy's i got coupons
jsteam218::got any for a spicy chicken sandwich?
