rynodesign::Would really like to see Noah be a double double machine. 10 and 10 would be nice. I'd love to see him with the same energy he had before he got his extension. I am a fan and want him to do better. Maybe if he got some touches really early in the game to get going and see that his teammates have confidence in him would get him motivated. He doesn't get the ball enough to feel comfortable going to the basket. He needs to be a baby hook machine.
dabulls2012::I don't really see him dogging it like he's happy with his new phat contract...he's just not performing...he might be placing too much pressure on himself to perform but wouldn't that type of pressure lead to at least taking some shots on the offensive end? He is 0-for-4 in his last TWO games combined after not taking a single shot last night...that is NOT what the Bulls need from him...heck, they can get that from Omer a TON cheaper! Buckle down Jo...the Bulls need ya buddy!
The_Exuberator::Bulls just doing work. Just another day:  http://bullsarena.blogspot.com/
joseph1989x::Cant Wait to see <a href="http://www.thebasketbulls.com">Ricky Rubio</a> Vs <a href="http://www.thebasketbulls.com">Derrick Rose</a> !
buller23::lets just hope kevin love doesnt abuse bozz to bad
dabulls2012::Doubt Booz will be on Love...Jo and Omer will be chasing him around on D.
joseph1989x::The <a href="http://www.thebasketbulls.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/scal.png">White Mamba</a>  <a href="http://www.thebasketbulls.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/scal.png">Brian Scalabrine</a>!!
Detroitepicwin::WHATS GOOOD NIGGG-UUUHH
supreme91::vote him into the all star game
Doneebear::Love my Bulls, but with the NBA meddling in all the teams staffing, I am disgusted with the NBA!  It is not the NBA snobs in the front office to be deciding who goes to which team---it is the OWNERS RIGHT TO DECIDE WHO THEY HAVE ON THEIR PLAYLIST, NOT IDIOTS IN THE NBA OFFICE!  Haven't watched a game this year, and last night was NCAA football for me!  I will never understand forcing player trades that team offices had no say in!  Don't know if I will watch any games this year!  Disgusted with the garbage that took place pre-season!
buzzard1022::The idiots in the NBA office actually own the Hornets.  Who is supposed to make the decisions besides the owners?
buller23::first of all if u love ur bulls then watch them. what does the nba front office have to do with that????the nba owns the hornets and the deal that the nba front office recinded was in the best intrest of the hornets. the deal was a bad deal for them. they got a much better deal with the clippers.   and talk about a joke.  there is no bigger joke then college football and that game last nite
Membername.....::It's the NBA....it's like wrestling.  The NBA really needs a franchise tag.
superpieman802::the thing that baffled me this offseason is all the money the pistons spent to retain its core of players that went 30-52.  prince is a solid player but at this point it was probably time to let him move on and rebuild.  the pistons arnt really even rebuilding.  resigning all those players seems like a good way to ensure mediocrity for the next 4 years.
synister281::Dump that waste of a roster spot Scalabrine and bring back Bogans.  At least Bogans is reliable to play, hits a shot once in a while, can play defense, and isn't injured like his replacement Rip.
buzzard1022::Yeah, dump a center and bring back a small guard. That makes a ton of sense
Robert156877::Bogans cannot play center.  If you get rid of Scalabrine, the Bulls would have only two centers, when they really need 4.  What happens if either Noah or Asik get injured?   Second, Bogans can't make his shot.  Until Bogans got hot with the three late in the year, Bogans was averaging 4 points a game.  Rip can make his own shot.
nrm123183::Rip Hamilton is a mythical creature... he doesn't really exist.
eightbitme::Blown Piston Rod  :-(
joeh4384::It is sad watching your team just suck complete $@%. At least this draft is loaded. Come on top 2 pick. Dont $@%! it up again Dumars.
rynodesign::It rebuilding time. I didn't understand the resigning of Prince. But there are a few nice pieces to build on in Detroit. Monroe is going to be a star, Stuckey isn't bad and Austin Daye is going to be a good. Won't be long and Detroit will be relevant again.
PleaseDontBanMeBro::Nice effort by the Detrot Pissedons.
Jaguarcrazyboy::M%M is probably rapping hate on em right now.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Go Bulls. Nice win last night. Lets GO BULLS.
TH13beast::Why is Rip Hamilton stil not playing? Can someone PLEASE ANSWER ME
buzzard1022::Same reason he hasnt played in almost two weeks. He's hurt
rynodesign::Groin injuries aren't really something you want to test. Let him get 100% before he comes back. We need him more later than right now. Groin pulls are very painful and really limit lateral movement. Thibbs is smart letting him rest, besides Ronnie is doing just fine. We have a great record and only have played 3 games at home.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Groin issues. He could play but they do not want him to harm it more
Art22mac::Noah had 4pts on 0 shot attempts? Hows that happen. Something is up with him, I think he's either disgruntled or he's just lost it.
irocz2much::no hes lost
superpieman802::i dont think hes disgruntled his number other then that were good 8 rebs and 2 blks in 25 minutes.
Isorfilinde::Rubio vs. Rose will be a nice PG battle of contrasting styles. But Rose should win that one with ease.
buzzard1022::Rubio couldnt guard his own lunch
nba is the worst::Man the east is garbage this season
_misterfurious::Golden State Houston New Orleans Minnesota Sacramento Phoenix  The west has more than it's fair share of garbage teams.
Marcos4486::only games that will matter this season are the ones with the heat
Marcos4486::if the bulls play really well they'll finish at 51-15
candersen2727::SCALABRINE!!!
mankitty69::Rubio is no pushover.  Remember he led Spain to the silver medal (and almost the Gold medal...Spain lost by single digits to USA) as a 16 year old at the 2008 Olympics.  A 16 year old point guard facing Lebron, Kobe, Garnett, etc...and almost WINNING!  I wouldn't be surprised if he outplays Rose at home...but Bulls will win anyway.  meow!!!
buzzard1022::He cant guard his lunch. Rose may get 60 against him
RipOnDetroitCityHaventHeardThat1B4::Good job Dumars re signing Tay$hit princess for 4 more absolutely useless years and a waste of every penny of the $27 million dollars. You overpaid by $30 million.  11 points 2 reb 2 assists. Yay!!! awesome, the guy hasn't played defense in 6 years. He's by far the most overrated player in the league. He's a career 12.8 pts a game and 4 rebounds a game for a guy with a 7 foot wingspan, oh and nice job picking his exact clone Austin "possibly even more useless than tayshaun" Daye
twinstj2008::I really didn't understand that resigning either...it seems that Dumars does not wish to win games....As a Bucks fan I know the feeling!
joeh4384::His clone is at least cheaper. No reason to resign Prince or Suckey.
wus_good15::the thought of d rose going up against ridnour an rubio tomorrow has me pumped
dabulls2012::He plays DOWN to his competition...hopefully, he sees Rubio as a challenge and comes to play...
ASaini91::With all the hype Rubio is getting now, I think Rose will step it up
Cabbinator 24::4 straight looses.... average loss margin 21.5 woww
dabulls2012::Matt Millen &gt; Joe Dumars
Membername.....::Joe Dumars has won his team a championship in the past 10 years....
Metta.World.Hate::Good job, Maxiell, you made one!
maniflow15::D rose should have a field day tomorrow with ridnour and rubio.. With any luck scal will be playing the whole 4th quarter
Donchico51274::Great bounce back game Booz  did his job tonight, on to the next one. Go bulls
dabulls2012::I'm a little worried...Booz doesn't seem to do very well against 4s that can shoot the 3...I guess that's why they play the games...GO BULLS!
cSSk2011::just got here and..wow..bulls are more serious than last season
jack davatzis::The Bulls have allowed just 206 points combined in their first 3 home games, the fewest ever in the shot-clock era (since 1954)
buller23::didnt no that.  thats impressive no matter who they played.  go bulls
jiggamanxo99::TROLL (v.) (1) To deliberately post derogatory or inflammatory comments to a community forum, chat room, newsgroup and/or a blog in order to bait other users into responding. (2) To surf the Internet. (3) To hang around a chat room reading the posts instead of contributing to the chat. (n.) One who performs any of the above actions.
Metta.World.Hate::Snitches get stitches.
phxpilot3::phew this room is free of SEC inbred trolls hello my fellow bulls fans great bounce back win tonight!
phxpilot3::yeah it won't be a complete blowout
Something Like A LeBromenon::They beat San Antonio and Dallas, and lost to Miami and OKC by a combined 6 points.  So they're not <i>that</i> bad.  Chicago will still win, but they might make you nervous in the 4th for a spell.
rosebeckham::Kevin Love is gonna go cashew on boozer
buller23::thats ok if we shut the rest of the team down.
phxpilot3::they are and they're stacked with young talent never overlook them
MrVolfan4life::Time to take care of business on the road tomorrow night.  Gotta watch out for these Wolves. They're a stingy team.
dabulls0608::BAMA BABY!!!!
Something Like A LeBromenon::Saban is a god!!!!!!
Spunkin06::White Mamba scores! Bulls win!   Noah really needs to wake up or Omer will be starting soon.
buller23::maybe they should start asik.  lite a fire under noahs a.s.s
dabulls0608::Boozer finally looking good, this is who we paid that money too, lets get another easy W tomorrow in Minnesota! i wanna see more playing time for Jimmy Butler
buller23::would really like to c butler get some playing time when it counts.  he looks good the few times hes played.  4 years in college helps.
dabulls0608::agreed, I think with the short off season he is still getting used to Thibs system but im sure he will be out there playing good minutes later in the season
Something Like A LeBromenon::"lets get another easy W tomorrow in Minnesota"  don't underestimate those guys.  they'll surprise you.
dabulls0608::true, they are young and talented, I meant lets play D and make it an easy win
MrVolfan4life::AGREED! I'm a big fan of Jimmy Butler!
MrVolfan4life::Nice showing again tonight! Take it to Minnesota tomorrow! The Bulls D in basketball is comparable to the defense played by Bama this season. DOMINANT!!!!!!!!!
bsmithsonian::Streak for the cash prop tomorrow  Dallas wins by 20+ Detroit wins or loses by 19 or less.  I wouldn't be surprised if it was added, it'll be close to that.
mccoywajmu::derrick needs to stop shooting so many 3s
joeh4384::Rose and Lebron are captains of the i shouldnt ever shoot 3s but do anyways.
buller23::0 times
ASIK_AND_DESTROY::Rose is shooting roughly 50 percent from inside the arc this year, just did the math, take out the 3-4 half court shots, and 2-3 offensive breakdown shotclock shots per game, and he's prob more efficient inside the arc then most big men..
buller23::thats a good point. he does take most of the shots at end of quarters
buller23::take rose over melo any day.  how many mvps does melo have
trackotaco::how many times has Melo lead a team to 62 regular season wins and 1st overall seed heading into the playoffs?? I think never...
trackotaco::He also shoots full court shots ALL the time (probably once or twice again at the end of quarters) and that hurts his numbers...
ASIK_AND_DESTROY::If he didn't try to spread the floor with the 3, he'd be a 50 percent shooter easy..most games he shoots 60% from inside the arc..
mccoywajmu::he is better then anyone in NY
zags 79::He shoots more 3's than Ray Allen, I mean what is he doing?
PlayerPresident1::u put in all caps to draw attention
buller23::didnt realize it was 6 but he still shot 50%
Something Like A LeBromenon::In the last five games he's 5 for 26... or 19%.
mccoywajmu::he took 6 3s
ASIK_AND_DESTROY::He took 6 but that's beside the point.
buller23::he shot 8 of 16 tonite. only took 3 3s.
mccoywajmu::young kid thats honestly spent a lot of time working on his shot...he defaults to it too much...he just needs thibs to pull him to the side and tell him to use that shot as a reserve..not as the go to
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::HE SUX!
This is Michigan::Detroit will be lucky to crack double digits in the win column this year. Getting blown out by 20 points + is an understatement. This team is far worse then that.
mankitty69::Listen up, Bulls fan.  It's time for a paradigm shift.  A drastic change in one's thinking.    Last year, Boozer was hurting.  Bad.  This year he is much healthier.  Judge him on THIS year's performance, not last years.  NOW.  Look at Noah.  He sucks.  He sucks bad.  His offense reminds me of a 7th grader.  And his personality does too.  He's an imbecile. If you want to gripe, gripe on the RIGHT big man.  Noah.  Not Omer, Not Carlos, Noah.  Thank you for your attention.  meow!!!
ASIK_AND_DESTROY::Boozer will never play D, he's not a 21 year old coming out fo college, he's not gonna change after 7 years in the league.
blk_polo::Boozer is playing better D? Really??
buller23::yes he is.  i didnt say great d i said better and he is. hes more commited on the defesive end. but he will never b a great defender
trackotaco::Noah also has HORRIBLE hands... Everytime Rose feeds him in the post or on a pick and roll he screws it up...
InsaneBlackhawksFan::.
mankitty69::purrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
buller23::the bulls play team basketball. bozz and taj r playing great this year and bozz is playing better d.  were 2nd in the league in defense. its not that bad
mankitty69::HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!
greg94327::Ill rip Boozer all I fu**ing want until he learns to play defense.
mankitty69::true dat.  meow!!!
zags 79::If only the Bulls could play the Pistons every night.........sigh
ASIK_AND_DESTROY::they do, bulls are in the eastern conf LOL
y2jayalmighty::and with the number 1 pick in the 2012 nba draft, the detroit pistons select?
mccoywajmu::yes they are winless but its a lottery
trackotaco::Washington is still winless....
mccoywajmu::i doubt they get it but if they did probably harrison barnes
jeterjones05::Chicago has the best D in the league by far
Terry 1953::the best dorm
trackotaco::i cant wait to see this Defense go up against the Miami Heat...
dabulls0608::January 29th you will
bootcamp::This is only the second time I've seen Greg Monroe play the post.  He plays the position well.  It's too bad it's for this Detroit team.
joeh4384::Monroe is probably Detroit's only position player who would crack Chicago's rotation. I also like the Knight pick last year.
mccoywajmu::he is a really good player..really good..can be an all star with the right coaching staff and quality pg
JoeyDorsey4MVP::9 points in a quarter is that even possible?
zags 79::Bulls did worse a week ago
trackotaco::I wonder if the Scalabrine chants make white mamba feel good or bad??? Cause its kind of a joke and he has to know that.... But who knows, maybe he is like "f*ck it, I play in the NBA and make bank (compared to everyday people)"...Things that make you go hmmm...
greg94327::hes a baller what does it matter
superpieman802::i think he likes it.  he knows that teams arnt bringing him in to play big minutes.  hes a locker room guy and a good mentor and he knows thats why teams bring him in.  and i think the fans genuinely appreciate him and i think its all with affection rather then mockingly.  he knows who he is and what he brings  to the table.  hes a key part to the bulls even if the box score doesnt show it
dabulls2012::Did you see Thibs get on him for taking that shot with such a huge lead? He let Scal dangle for a few seconds and then gave him a wink and a smile to let him off the hook...priceless!
saadenger11::I did! I initially thought Thibs was tearing him a new one, haha but the coach got us all with that one!
trackotaco::Yea teams cant be offended by that, right? Its Scalabrine, not Rose....
mccoywajmu::boozer has been playing well...scoring efficiently popping that jumper and rebounding..noah was awful as usual
mccoywajmu::i know people want more of a traditional post game from boozer but its pretty impossible to get because noah and asik cant score so they crowd the lane..if boozer rests in the post he will get doubled and have tons of defenders he will have to finish over which isnt his strength...also booz hitting that midrange opens up the lane for derrick..makes it easier for him to penetrate and score or kick to boozer for an open look...thats our offense..it will be even better when rip gets back
dabulls2012::He REALLY needs to get into the post more...yes, the J has been dropping, but sometimes it isn't and then you have to have the post-up game...remember, he was brought in here to provide some "easy baskets" to take pressure off Derrick.
chubby rain::Lay off Boozer.
dwxcardinals::at least the pistons offense tonight was better then lsu's
superpieman802::about what i expected from the bulls after the hawks game.  good game from boozer tonight hes been playing well lately.
trackotaco::I truly hope something horrible happens to all these spammers ....
Ethan2386::The pistons are looking fantastic this year
reggieinatl::Sorry Detroit.  I think my Hawks pissed the bulls off on Saturday.
Chicago4Life01::the Hawks suck!
bull6475::They sure seemed p*ssed, Detroit picked a bad, bad night to play the Bulls.
Chicago4Life01::whatever...nobody respects that whack $@% team!
