Lans Turay::Let make it 3 in a roll wiz
Colin Uza::Our Raptors are leading the pitiful Atlantic division, lol.  Hopefully our Raps continue their inspired play as of late, and Casey refrains from running the ball through Rudy Gay aka the Black Hole.  At the start of the year I would have never said we had a shot at winning the division, but the other teams are looking so bad now that I believe it is actually a possibility (although somewhat slim).  I would prefer us to tank for Wiggins for long term success, but if they could make a run for the division I would not be too upset.  GO RAPS!
Andy P Kordyban::Once again my Raptors are looking like world beaters. Best team in the NBA!
Patrick MacKinnon::Good job Wiz thanks for letting my Raps win.
Greg Miller::Any news on the wiz draft pick?
Joey Seibert::Game Wiz Done
Joey Seibert::Nene No No
Sportsbettingstar.com::The Toronto Raptors know they're the best of a bad bunch - but they're division leaders nonetheless. The top team in the Atlantic Division will look to stay there as they face the visiting Washington Wizards on Friday night. Toronto seized sole possession of top spot in the Atlantic with a 108-98 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday, while the Wizards come in on a two-game winning streak following a 98-91 triumph over the Cleveland Cavaliers. The Raptors' ascension to the top of the division says more about the quality of play in the Atlantic than anything else. Toronto is the only team in the division that comes into Friday's action without being saddled with a losing streak. But the Raptors could have their hands full with a Washington lineup led by electrifying point guard John Wall, who has struggled from the field over his last three games but is averaging more than 12 assists per night over that stretch. This game has me baffled and its hard to say which team is going to show up on any given night between these two squads
Patrick MacKinnon::Wizards are known to blow fourth quarters and 4th is when Toronto usually makes its run. So, I'm not worried.
Crowdcapper.com::Come over and talk about the game for free at the first ever social capping site.! Look above at name for the website.
Nathan Wampler::Wall just recently turned 23....dude has not hit his peak yet
New Tracks Daily::He missed some time last year too, his FG % has gotten better ever year, he is quick, great passer..only if he could add a legit 3 point shot to his game, not a must have..but would help.
David Santonas::Bradley beal great job tonight  how about trying to pass the ball
Joel Moore::ain't a real raptors win if rudy did not miss at least 10 shots
New Tracks Daily::Wins a win end of the day though, don't matter anyways Gay is gone in the off season at the very latest.
Joel Moore::You missed the point - Rudy missed exactly 10 shots in 5/6 raptors wins
Yak Djukanovic::C'mon Toronto. Wizards don't play defense.
Joey Seibert::Wall def is playing like he is supposed to for the $
Nathan Wampler::32-15, nice 3rd quarter wiz! keep it up!
Zach Batizy::Wizards by 8. Beal goes for 40 this game!
Nate Gilbo::Wiznation will prevail yet again!
Mike Day::10 pt quarter. real nice
Andy P Kordyban::11
Steve Broome::Rudy Gay is terrible.
Joey Seibert::Nene can't buy A bucket
Joey Seibert::what a 6 min stretch
Andy P Kordyban::Ross for 3... BANG!
Joey Seibert::Wall nice 3rd
Joey Seibert::Wall to Beal
