No Name::The last great point guard the Detroit Pistons drafted had a great basketball resume that followed him from high school, college and the NBA.  That guy was Isiah Thomas. (1) High school state runner-up in Illinois. (2) McDonalds All-American in the greatest high school class ever (1979). (3) Pan Am Gold Medal winner in 1979-hadn't played his first college game. (4) Olympian as a freshman. (5) Two time Big 10 champion. (6) First freshman ever (not even Magic Johnson) to make first team All Big 10. (7) First team All American. (8) NCAA champion. (9) Regional MOP. (10) Final Four MOP.  I don't even need to mention what he did in the NBA, but the thing is he was called too small, but we know how he got down in the NBA.
No Name::Trey Burke has played just 14 NBA games after a injury to his finger in the preseason and the early signs show Utah has their point guard of the future.  Here are just some of his NBA games so far. (1) AT Denver-held Ty Lawson scoreless while he had 10 points, 10 assists and 1 turnover in a UTAH win. (2) Against San Antonio, shot 9 of 18 from the floor, 5 assists and just 2 turnovers as he gave Tony Parker fits in a game where a superior Spurs team won with ease. (3) In a WIN AT Sacramento-he had 11 points, 9 assists with NO turnovers against a talented young Isaish Thomas. (4) In another game against the Kings, where Utah lost, Burke had 19 points, 10 rebounds and 7 assists with 2 steals. (5) Against Portland and Damien Lillaird-Burke had 15 points on 5 of 12 shooting, 6 rebounds, 5 assists, 1 steal and 1 block shot he got on Lilliard. Lilliard played four years of college ball and Burke played two. (6) In a WIN at Phoenix, Burke had 20 points. (7) The night before, Burke had 13 and both games he played against Eric Bledsoe and Goran Dragen. (8) In a WIN against Houston, Burke schooled Patrick Beverly for 21 points on 9 of 18 shooting, 3 of 6 from the three point line, 6 assists with 1 turnover. (9) In his NBa debut, he scored 11 points in 12 minutes on 5 of 8 shooting.  So all the talk about he is too small, he can't create his own shot and he can't defend is some of the dumbest statements I have heard and read.
No Name::Joe Dumars has been in charge of the Pistons for at least 15 years and one thing we've learned, he is AWFUL at evaluating NBA talent.  NOT ONE PLAYER HE EVER DRAFTED has turned into a NBA All Star Player while others always find gems (San Antonio, Isiah Thomas, Portland and Oklahoma City).  We will put his picks in three categories. (1) BUSTS-Mateen Cleaves (5.4 points, 2.7 assists), Rodney White (3.5 scorer), Carlos Delfino (shot 35%, 40% and 41% in his three years while scoring 3, 3 and 5 points and 57% and 67% at the line), Darko (no need to explain), Jason Maxiel (a small power forward with limited skills), Kim English and Khris Middleton, Jonas Jerebko (don't even play anymore), DuJuan Summers, Austin Daye and Brandon Knight. (2) FLOURISHED AFTER DETROIT-Mehmet Okur (became a stud in Utah), Amir Johnson (been ballin' in Toronto) and Aaron Afalo (a four year college player who balled in Denver and Orlando). (3) Good NBA Players-Tayshun Prince (limited offensively who never got better in all his Detroit years offensively), Greg Monroe (good player but limited athletically) and Andre Drummond (raw talent with limited offensively skills. Gets by on athletic ability alone).  Drummond might be Detroit's only All Star dumars ever drafted and that's based on how weak the Eastern Conference is.  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope will be the next Mateen Cleaves, Carlos Delfino, Kim English, Jason Maxiel in Dumars' stable.
No Name::15 Moves the past few years by Joe Dumars that are mind-boggling. (1) Trading Billups for Iverson. FAILURE (2) Drafting Darko in a class that was loaded. FAILURE (3) Hiring Flip Saunders when he could have gotten better when Brown left. HANDED A TITLE TEAM and he FAILED. (4) Hiring Michael Curry with no experience. FAILURE (5) Hiring John Kuester. FAILURE. (6) Hiring Lawrence Frank. FAILURE (7) Drafting Carlos Delfino. FAILURE (8) Holding on to Tayshun Prince five years too long. PLAIN DUMB. (9) Drafting Kentavious Caldwell-Pope when you needed a point guard with a brain. ENJOY that 35% SHOOTING. (10) SIGNING BRANDON JENNINGS-when everyone else with a brain wouldn't touch him. (11) Trading Aaron Affalo-good offensively and defensively. (12) Getting nothing for Rasheed Wallace and Rip Hamilton. (13) Firing so many coaches that good ones won't touch the Detroit job. (14) Not hiring Bill Laimbeer as a assistant over the years but hiring Rasheed? (15) Not hiring a talent scout that actually knows true talent.
No Name::This marks the third time in Dumars' regime under three different coaches where Detroit put awful offensive teams on the dcourt and they were exposed with ease. (1) 2003 under Carlisle with Ben Wallace (no offensive skills) at center, Cliff Robinson (sporadic power forward) and Michael Curry (weakest small forward in the NBA offensively).  They got swept by New Jersey. (2) 2006 Pistons under Saunders.  Ben Wallace was a offensive liability. Rasheed Wallace refused to post up and lived at the three point line with Billups. Prince was too damn passive offensively as Wade, LBJ and Pierce outplayed him in 2006, 2007 and 2008. (3) Today with Cheeks-they have three lefthanded players in the starting lineup and each is flawed.  Josh Smith is just dumb, Brandon Jennings doesn't play smart and Greg Monroe is limited and robotic and has no athletic ability.
No Name::The Pistons wasted a first round pick for a guy that shoots 30% from the three point line, grabs 2 rebounds, cannot make a open shot and who was a poor shooter in college YET they chose him as the SEC POY.  LAUGHABLE.  There is a point guard from Michigan who has made his young team better, averaging 4 rebounds, 13.1 points, shooting 90% at the line while having a 4-1 assist to turnover ratio.
Steven McCormick::Detroit really should have taken out the Trailblazers in the 4th Q . . . NOW. . . . in overtime, it'll be all Trailblazers.
KMike::Another bad loss. They can't close out games when there's six minutes left in the fourth quarter. You don't win too many scoring fourteen points in the final quarter. I thought Cheeks would be better at strategy in close games, but he's average at best. They've tossed away a half dozen wins already this year.
Steven McCormick::There was no reason for Detroit to have lost this one . . . . they had the Trailblazers on the ropes for almost three quarters . . . it was up to the coach to come up with a winning strategy to seal the deal.
No Name::Trade Greg Monroe for a small forward like Danny Granger, Marcus Speights, Jeff Green or Gordon Hayward and Detroit's frontline would be as good as any team in the NBA.  Monroe's presence is what is bogging up Detroit's offense.  Monroe is the least athletic of Detroit's starters and his presence makes Josh Smith play out of position at small forward.  Get a small forward, Drummond controls the paint, Smith plays the power forward and a shooting.shot creator small forward makes them dangerous.
