Corey Pyle::Everyone take notice to how quite it is after a Heat loss
Matt Roberts::hahahaha YES!
Jonah Swidan::I love it!!   Jeff "selfie boy" Ariano AKA the future sexual predator hasn't shown up yet
Jake Lindsay::I love it
Alan Ogg::"when im not staring on jerry springer or making out with my sister in the corn fields im rooting for larry bird and my pacers"  -typical pacers fan
Zee N Jason Farmer::"Whenever i'm not worshipping whoever lebron is playing for I am having gay sex in miami and snorting coke" -typical heat fans
Alan Ogg::Zee N Jason Farmer actually, i prefer D wade or Alonzo Mourning as my #1 heat player. I lilke Lebron, and hes the best player in the league, but not my favorite on the heat. nice try though.
Alexander Banks::"Whenever I'm not wearing WAY too much cologne, sunglasses INDOORS, and a suit jacket over the Heat jersey I JUST bought in 2010 -- when I first started watching basketball, I'm getting skin cancer from my terrible looking tan or snorting coke off of my 70 year-old Jewish wife's embarrassingly huge breast implants or gargling my gay pool boy's man-gravy."  - typical Heat "fan"
Ben Sheler::Trey Burke is legit
Jared Bowcutt::Should be a close game. 4-15 in the West is pretty close to the same thing as 16-2 in the East.....
Zack Schooler::Really hope Lance doesn't play like crap in this one.
Gary Bo::Exactly, he was awful in the Portland game and not very good in LA game... made me want Granger back and on the court.
Josh Strouth::Yep, I was really thinking he had gotten past the Good Lance Bad Lance days.
Dereck Johnson::I'm not sure what's going on with Lance. I think bc of all his success passing the ball, he's not looking to shoot enough. When he drives into the paint he's always trying to make that fancy sweet pass. I love Vogel and I think after watching the tape he'll be in Lance's ear telling him to fake the pass some before he shoots his runner. Also when he knocks down his 1st shot he's always a lot better. I see coach getting him some good looks early 2nite. I'm more worried about D.West. After a great game aginst LA, he looked old the next nite against Portland. U have 2worry about how much he has left in the tank.
John Martin::Standard win for the Pacers, good balance on offense led by George and tough D. A winning combo.
Tar Yak::Pacers 98  Jazz 83
Alex Webb::Indiana is good; Utah is not. Go Jazz!
Ray Waterman::You're critical of your team, yet you support your team. That makes you an excellent level headed fan. Kudos to you.    Go Pacers!!
Corey Pyle::Scrappy/desperate teams always play better when they're playing the best because they have no pressure and nothing to lose. That's what will probably keep this a close game throughout (also wouldn't be surprised if the Pacers dominated throughout). However, closing games out is second nature to elite teams, while it's a common theme with all of the lesser teams. That's been the difference all year...teams are competitive the first 24 mins, then the Pacers just squeeze the life out of them over the final 24.  Kinda like a "Boa Constrictor" - Michale Grady ;)
Corey Pyle::*Michael
Mike Hermansen::The Jazz are an entirely different team with Burke in the lineup. I'm guessing that Indiana is going to take this one but I wouldn't be surprised at all if Utah comes out strong and pulls off the victory tonight. It will be fun to watch. Man, watching that Houston game got me pumped for the future of the franchise.
Brandon Tigues::why does roy hibbert fall down so much? he has to be the clumsiest 7'0 footer I've ever seen, this guy trips over his own feet
Jonah Swidan::Still better than any cheat center
Alan Ogg::mane sir
Brandon Tigues::Jonah Swidan defensively sure but that's because he's 7'0 but this guy struggles to score if he isn't being guarded by an undersized center
Alan Ogg::lmao! luis scola the star player for a team of 'drafted talent' LMAO pacer fans are a JOKE. they are GHOST
Jonah Swidan::Does down syndrome hurt??
Jonah Swidan::Make me a double cheeseburger!!  CHOP CHOP
Daymeon Craig::Is that really your picture?
Alan Ogg::LMAO all the pacer fan's GHOST
Daymeon Craig::You still  alive they  said you died at the heat game last night???
Jonah Swidan::Daymeon Craig I know right, nice display against the Pistons lol
Alan Ogg::i guess the unemployed people that live with mommy finally woke up in time for the game huh?
Ed DeSalle::Here we go Utah Here we Go. BOOM BOOM!
Corey Pyle::See ya later. Thanks for stopping by :)
Alex Webb::Jazz played great until Tyrone Corbin did his thing. Loved (and by loved, I of course mean hated) the lineup that included Garrett, Rush, Harris and Biedrins at the same time in the third quarter. I genuinely hate him.
Anthony J Petroff::Hey supposed to be the Jazz leader ?  Where are his numbers ?
Alan Ogg::I remember going to Indiana once and asking the locals about Reggie Miller... they said he was born and raised in Indianapolis lol...  Idiots. Reggie Miller is from Riverside California.
Jonah Swidan::Just like "heat fans" not knowing who was the only NBA team to retire a jersey for a player that never played for them
Alan Ogg::Jonah Swidan Everlast, dont you have white boy rap songs to write?
Alan Ogg::i love trolling bulls and pacer 'fans'
Tammy Smart::Question: should Gobert get more minutes? He' only playing about 10' per game and still averages 5 boards an almost 1 block in limited time. If he played 30' we could look at 15 boards and 3 blocks... Any comments from Jazz fans?
Colby Black::I'd like to see Kanter get back into the swing of things before worrying about Gobert honestly.
Bob Hess::How in the hell can the Pacers struggle with a team like Utah... not championship material...they should be ashamed
Jonah Swidan::Like the Rockets right?  They got killed by the Jazz
Jonah Swidan::Heat lost the the Pistons, Celtics, Sixers, Nets,   are they not championship material????
Bob Hess::The Rockets were without Lin and Parsons too... also not impressive.... face it...the Jazz are the worst team in the NBA...
Alan Ogg::I once asked a Pacers fan what year did Larry Bird play for the pacers and he told me 1995 lol...
Jonah Swidan::You're just making  up BS now
Jonah Swidan::He's a "heat fan"
Alan Ogg::everlast
Drew Grundfor::pacers getting exposed by the Jazz. L...O...L
Jonah Swidan::Are they?   1 point game
Francis Gagné::Rox with a terrific 37 pts night by Harden got exposed by the Jazz also. With a healthy team, Jazz will be better and better. Go Trey, go Jazz !
Benny Thai Tran::Pacers are playing like and shooting like crap.
Greg Norfleet::think it's a hangover from Portland, a trap game, or Utah playing well?
George Jimas::pacers don't have a number two option thats the problem. they don't have anyone else beside PG who can score on a consistent basis.
Dean Helming::George Jimas that's hilarious
Andy Baugh::This game is probably going to be more interesting than everybody thinks.
Ayn Bland::Worst in the West > Best in the East
Benny Thai Tran::Come back after the second half.  Ayn Rand!
Ayn Bland::I'll be busy, but I'll try..  I'll almost certainly be back if Utah wins!
Benny Thai Tran::Ayn Bland I'm sure you are too busy writing one your class novels.
Justin Hennig::do the pacers cover 8.5?
Mark Randy Myers::Great game Pacers!
Zack Schooler::Eh. We played pretty poorly, at least some of it was Utah. But we just seemed out of sync all night
