GerardoE303::any survivors here?
danyell32111::think boston need to get a point guard and big man because two of there big men are hurt and they need marquise daniels to do step up his game
ShaneE77::I can't believe the season's half over and Garnett still hasn't broken anyone's jaw
pst2341::Faried shouldve been in the Rookie Sophmore game. Its George Karls fault it took so long for Faried to come out he never played the man. Faried is the real deal and is here to stay
aswaim56::Now you know why I was giddy getting the manimal at #22.
michael107114::KG may be too old for the Celtics but he's showing he still has a lot left get on him a younger team he would make a huge contribution especially on a contender
GBM04::Celtics are done.
rwilliams75::Manimal rising. 18 &amp; 16 = 24 minutes.
DannyMejia15MVP wants to skii on Maya::Manimal = Rodman?
nba is the worst::Lehigh!!!
Diamondslugz::Celts lose on St. Patty's day. Yuck Yuck Yuck
nba is the worst::I bet celtswhine91477 was apoplectic!
pistonfanstill::Hard for the old guys to win in Denver though there is a denial about the high altitude effect.  Boston limps along to the Playoffs,
DAnnyPrImetIme15::The Nuggets won again in spite of the bull#^%$ refs trying to throw the game at the end. It is so frustrating to watch the NBA these days with the total absence of quality officiating. The refs in that game should be tortured within an inch of their life.
Matt23180::You can't get be fouled by a star and you can't not foul a star.  Look at Kobe, if you blink at him he shoots free throws.
Eric52193::I agree ,so was the case in last years playoffs, vs OKC  and the other night against OKC .
xle001::go ramon!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGpJ4zF_ypE
nba is the worst::Wrong board
xle001::damnn i think this is the key to the west? agree? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGpJ4zF_ypE
yorkallday::the real big 3? scalabrine luke walton and kwame brown http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/p/best-nba-memes.html
Souri98::Kenneth Faried is a f....king Animal.
TYLILMAX::AND HE HITS HIS FREE THROWS
Chuloflow::Knicks 3 games winning streak ..  Thank god for Melo getting coach D'antoni fired =)
Matt23180::Just came over here because you were glad the Celtics lost?
blazers3333333::everyone here is super interested in the knicks, please tell us more
rr2300::So maybe  AAA will be next to go in the offseason with Andersen and maybe harrington... Atleast Nene is gone..  3 more to go..
DenvNUGGETS::No you dumb as triple A is a really valuable asset and he can shoot and play D the Nuggets better not get rid of him
I am a fat crazy crackhead::hopefully okc loses tomorrow night!
I am a fat crazy crackhead::yay!! Nuggets won
gary wheatley::hope I dont jinx them but its nice to see the nuggs get healthy again
JustineS04::I hope you knocked on wood after you typing that.
Trev28nba::Dennis Rodman 2.0???
Nuggsdip4life::K faried is the the lil Wayne of basketball. Don't worry one day you will know who the f he is.
blazers3333333::compliment or not a compliment?
jasondmce1978::Cher's thoughts after the game tonight:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEszTzdUMcY
Codelus::Time to break up the big 3, build around Rondo. Hate to say it, but every good thing must come to an end.
dieselblue28::im not talking in terms of reputation and I am not talking crap about the big three all I am saying is you get old and you lose some quickness its inevitable.
NBA_refs_are_weak::its completely based on your bias. thats the opinion of someone who isnt a celtic fan. to me, they will always be the big 3 regardless of what happens here on out. they've already accomplished what they wanted to, of course we want more titles but thats just gravy. they can lose all their steps, my big 3 will always be KG, the truth, and Jesus
dieselblue28::Im sorry but those guys have lost half step and when they lose a helf step they are no longer considered the big three they are considered average.
andrew24x::Do you have a mental retardation?
NBA_refs_are_weak::what are you talking about? ray paul and KG are fine. danny just needs to find someone to fill the role of perkins/shaq. thats what makes us win. Im STILL soured about that trade so I dont want to talk about it. but we need a Center to control the paint and allow KG to be KG and not bogged down as the only big. I like bass but he isnt that guy, he just doesnt have the size. we need someone like dalembert
NBA_refs_are_weak::really odd loss for us tonight. usually when the celtics lose a game like this, its because we couldnt buy a bucket and we play terribly offensively with no energy, and our defense keeps us in it but isnt enough. this game, we played pretty damn well on offense, but simply couldnt shut it down on defense when it counted, which is kind of worrying for me. it just proves what I already know, we NEED a big, preferrably a couple. Im white so of course I see Stiemsma and its like ayyy token white guy yeah! but seriously, he cant be our only option off the bench. even when J.O comes back, I dont think hes the answer at C. personally im a fan of chris wilcox and i loved how he was playing, it $@%!$@% sucks that he has to be out, but its not his fault and I hope he recovers 100%. but we cant cry about it, we HAVE to add a 7 footer. take the blow, and make an addition to the roster we did it when quise went down, it sucked he got injured, but you have to adjust and react to it. comeon danny, do your job
thetruthcometh::At least Celts didn't give up when they could have.  This team has fight.  http://celticsrecap.com
msuspartsnumberuno::I have bet on sports for a few years using different handicappers but never had success. I recently started using this system called Sportsbettingstar.  I have won over  30 bets between Hockey and Basketball and only suffered 1 loss. It  is a double down betting series system and I have made more profits playing this system since I started betting years ago
msuspartsnumberuno::www.fadethebookie.com
thedrwolff::Bet on yourself with the money.  you actually control the outcome.
zachrlee::That play by Gallinari, behind-the-back pass to Faried, was spectacular. Great vision, great aim...it's like shooting a rifle behind the back.
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::This is our land, this land I see This is our land so White, Proud and Free This is our land when we've won the fight This is our land, the land of the White  Recite that for your sub-human GF... I hope you have good dental care been cuz all those Chiclets are coming out
bennnnnba::you realize youre writing poems on a sports website right?
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::When we finally conquer, our people will be free And all across this great land, the bold truth we shall see So as we march together, to avoid catastrophe Let’s remember always our sacred destiny  Goodnight brothers and sisters...   As for you benn, hopefully one day you see the light and desist being a self-loathing vermin... Yove been on a guilt trip for far to long...
bennnnnba::ok goodnight. my gf isnt white. hope that pisses you off.
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::Actually I have a fair submissive maiden who is begging me to fill her coin slot... Excuse me as I go tickle the kitten...
Martin Rodriguez677::Is that what theyre calling TS hookers these days?
Scrambler728::Let me guess you're mom and dad are brother and sister?
Scrambler728::1) go to Gallo's twitter account 2) look at the picture he uploaded under waiting my friends for dinner... let's do it... I m hungry 3) laugh.
Trev28nba::why does he make that face in every picture?
Nugget fans are better then Laker Trolls::I will be trolling Laker trolls.
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::Benn, you’re a conformist, a feeble minded fool, you hung up your boots to join the Zionist rule! Your time will come like every traitor’s will just another number on our list of ones to .... You get it
oinkpiggies::Jesus people, this is a message board for sports, mainly the game tonight of Boston vs. Denver. If you guys have a beef talk it over with yourselves... or go fight, then be friends again... either way, relax.   ... Or just bash each others team. That is better.
bennnnnba::so you're on this board to raise awareness for racism against white people, and you say i'm on a list of people to kill bc i say i like colored people. good going.
msuspartsnumberuno::I have bet on sports for a few years using different handicappers but never had success. I recently started using this system called Sportsbettingstar.  I have won over  30 bets between Hockey and Basketball and only suffered 1 loss. It  is a double down betting series system but I have made more profits doing this system since I started betting years ago
Nugget fans are better then Laker Trolls::I hate Celtic and Laker fans. All they do is talking about their $@%!$@% franchise
pennstate200::finally some one gets it
msuspartsnumberuno::Your screen name is great
Nugget fans are better then Laker Trolls::Thanks I like MSU
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::Bennba, can't you hear the outcry for Gentile blood? We must rise above for the youth and lift the storm... We are becoming minorities in a cultural mosiac... DIVERSITY IS GENOCIDE
bennnnnba::intelligence &gt; ignorance and insecurity
Nugget fans are better then Laker Trolls::gtfo troll
Nugget fans are better then Laker Trolls::White people = Colored
bennnnnba::so what? i like colored people.
Registeratsportsbettingstar::CP300lbs is a bum
thedrwolff::So says the history books if Germany had won the war....but they didn't.  I'd rather believe that Britian had little faith in German emisarries after re-nigging on the sudetanland and having civilian warfare instituted by Germany.  Hess had every opportunity to kill hitler personally if he wanted peace and truly believed his cause just.  instead he valued his life and tried to avoid what he saw coming by fleeing to britian.  Not the actions of a gallant or courageous man.  So he was imprisoned where he sat out his days contemplating his own cowardice
bennnnnba::people arent discriminating against you bc you're white. its mostly bc you do stuff like use the word "hail."
DannyMejia15MVP wants to skii on Maya::Mets suck...........massive dick
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::We need to unite &amp; act as one against the anti-white racism which is on the rise in the world. Our community again needs the solidarity, group identity, &amp; exclusivity that it wrongfully relinquished
RonTuna::METS=CHAMPS OF THE ROPE SOAP SHOWER CIRCLE
RonTuna::Rondo misses his lover Josh Beckett. Celtics couldn't beat the sisters of mercy nun pickup squad drunk
thedrwolff::Sisters of mercy vs Goldens state.....sisters by 3 then
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::8888____888888888888  8888____888888888888  8888____8888________  8888____8888________  88888888888888888888  88888888888888888888  ________8888____8888  ________8888____8888  888888888888____8888  888888888888____8888
thedrwolff::Hail your weak minded need to feel belonging so you grasp at anything to find affinity.....when did you decide what level of similarity constitutes brotherhood....weakest minds are easily led.  so with that I want us all to agree Rondo is severely overhyped...right ....my brothers???
RonTuna::RONDO? The tooth fairy just misses his lover Josh Beckett and is clearly disfunctional in the rope soap shower circle
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::WIth a stomp of my boot and a right arm salute I say HAIL Chase Budinger
CelticJay1::Someone get Julius Caesar there a Scotch &amp; Soda.
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::'ll fight with honour, I'll fight with pride I'll fight with victory on my side I'll fight with courage, I have no fear I'll fight for the race I hold so dear I'll fight for our children, I'll fight for our land Hold my ground and I'll make a stand I'll fight 'till the last, I'll fight 'till the end I'll make my pledge, for my race, I'll defend  I dream of race land, a land of one race Free from dishonour and free from disgrace A land in which our flag flies high A world in which our race could never die... ...A world in which our race could never die
bennnnnba::wrong browser. this isnt skyrim.
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::Hail our brothers from across the sea from in Austria and Germany to our brothers in the north out in Finland to England, Spain, and Switzerland from land to land and sea to sea a brotherhood that will always be from Europe to America united as one side by side, gun to gun
