Diesel Kiesel::Eastern Conference Finals: Who's in it?
dlsfjkjflsdkjlsdkjsdf::heat over celtics in 7
NotEvenMad::Regardless of the Heat's recent struggles I still say that they'll be there against Chicago... Doubt any teams other than the Bulls could beat them 3 times.
MoMoneyMoFlow77281::Win money every single day picking NBA teams! http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
Insidezone7111::Sweet site, im on there all the time
Hester62hhye::thanks for that link
Chicagocold312::Uh oh the Pacers are looking like that team to fear again, and i thought with Rush and McRoberts gone they would take a step back but they're not.
RyanCarranza::Russell Westbrook should not be taking over 20 shots per game with the 2X NBA leading scorer on his team.  This is why the Thunder lose... Because Russell Westbrook likes to be Kevin Durant.
springfresh33::Lastnights game was on the coach. Worst rotation I have seen all season.
okstCOWBOYS vs ALIENS::thanks skip
Wide Right Again::KD has to take batter shots.  He may turn into the Kobe of OKC.  3-8 from three, may have cost them the game
Double A 191::Indiana will likely get to the second round, but the third round is their ceiling. They can't make it past the Conference Finals, not because they aren't a good team, but because they don't have a superstar to close out those tight games in the playoffs.
kdogownsu::I wouldn't call rose a closer you've seen him at the free throw line at end of game. D wade is only closer in east of contenders. Grangers been better closer this season than rose
ebase131::You clearly haven't watched many Bulls' games if you think Rose is not a closer...
Mets_11::they don't have a superstar to close out those tight games in the playoffs. ------------------------------------ LOL but the Heat and Bulls do???
27chi::Derrick Rose. Dwayne Wade. and LBJ has been doing good in the 4th quarter as of late.
terebinth::The box score shows some interesting results.   Serge Ibaka played only 20 minutes despite only having 2 fouls while having 7 blocks and no mention of injury (or being thrown out) in the recap.  Durant and Granger both played somewhere between 10-15 minutes at PF.  Fisher played 27 minutes collecting 5 fouls and almost no mentionable stats other than 3 missed shots.  I've got to wonder if Scott Brooks was more terrified of certain players getting worn through normal play than he was in winning a close game after two consecutive losses.  Scott Brooks =&gt; grade F! (for this game)
NotGoodtoday276176::check this out guys....pretty good stuff... ESPN Partners up w/ FanSaloon.com to offer FREE to enter $250 Prize Fantasy Basketball Leagues - Pick Your Free Teams Right Now http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
BOOMBABY_3::Big Pacer fan and do I think the Pacers could win it all? I am going to say they are a extremely tough team that nobody really wants to face. When they play like they did last night they are one of best teams in league. I just went back through their schedule and they have beat an abundant amout of very good teams:heat, boston, Philly, Lakers, Clippers, bulls, Magic, Hawks, dallas, OKC, Knicks. I know the regular season don't mean a whole lot, but this team can have success. NBA championship is a def. long $@%! before I get a bunch of $@%!, but once the playoffs start anything can happen. This team has a bright future and its nice to see, since the Pacers haven't been relevant since Malice at the Palace. It has taken a long time the arrow is pointing UP!
Cjustice007::Would be really nice to see a team get coached to the finals and not just get there because they paid 3 players to take control.
frickinegg::Conventional wisdom says that Indy can't make it all the way. They're full of really good players, but no stars. Here's to hoping that they can break that mold.
Marty736277::check this out...if you havent yet....   ESPN Partners up w/ FanSaloon.com to offer FREE to enter $250 Prize Fantasy Basketball Leagues - Pick Your Free Teams Right Now http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
nba is the worst::Is Brooks really stupid, or what?  Imagine how good OKC could be if Westbrook didn't constantly take all those bad shots
poodagg::seems to work for rose in chicago and he doesnt even play defense!
ebase131::Seriously, thank you for someone else seeing it too and not blindly saying someone can't defend without actually watching basketball.
27chi::his defense is underrated. People act as if opposing PG's score 30 on him, Check the stats.  Plus he's averaging 8 assists. And he doesn't have Durant on his team.
RollThunder35::i didnt really hear this from you when he was white-hot thru that 6 game win streak.
The Woofer83::okc is good. but i have a fantasy and only russell westbrook and kd score. they barely let anyone shoot. i have james harden. he is good, but he is inconsistent cuz of the amount of shots kd and rw take at times
trademarktaz::OKC won't make the finals, OVERRATED
Cjustice007::I honestly think Memphis has a legit team and can make it out of the west. Solid at every position unlike the thunder who have holes.
frickinegg::Losing to a good team doesn't make OKC overrated.
27chi::That's what OKC said when the bulls lost to them.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Great win for Indy... OKC still has to get by the LAL/SA to own the East.
RollThunder35::I think you mean the West genius.
adavisrc09::Did the Pacers win the finals again? They sure as hell was acting like it
BOOMBABY_3::Bulls fan: Are you worried man? You must be to have to get onto a board that has nothing to do with your team. I am realiest and I don't think the Pacers could win the Finals this year unless something crazy happenes. We can still cheer for our team when we get a good win can't we. Never mind, I forgot your not supposed to show emotion in sports or cheer for your team, we don't want to make Drose mad for cheering. Go back to your bulls message board and let Pacer and Thunder fans have fun with this one. Pacers are a very good team and are a threat to the Bulls, so just get over it.
Nanrad_91::Boom, just about every fan visits a board or two that isn't their favorite team. Rose wasn't mad about cheering, but the Pacers acting as if they won the won. It's something they seem to do with a lot of teams. You seem to be the one stuck on something that happened over a month ago. No one said that the Pacers weren't tough.
Mini-Ditkas::OH MY GOD THE THUNDER LOST!  ESPN ALREADY SAID THEY WON THE CHAMPIONSHIOP!
mdr625::Cocky $@% Thunder fans never learn. hahahaha
TexAgChris2012::2nd place
AndrewOKC::haha better hope you dont meet memphis again....
AndrewOKC::derrick fisher blows dick
Spectre Status::OKC slid out of first place as KD slid out of MVP contention.
LDSsaint2012::Durant 44 min and 44 pts--That's a scoring rate of 1 pt/min
84Goldfinger007::Wow.......day of upsets.....    Grizzlies beating the Heat....  Pacers beating the Thunder  Rockets beating the Lakers  Trailblazers beating the Mavericks....
TexAgChris2012::Spurs won.
AndrewOKC::cool story hansel
Umblahum::Pacers can beat anybody in the playoffs
1908gocubs::except the bulls.
frickinegg::There's no way the Knicks or Orlando beat Indy in a seven game series.
adavisrc09::and Heat...Knicks....Orlando
Names Crusty Problem Haters::Russell Westbrook= GOAT
lamriverside13::Bynum got ejected again!! this kid needs to drop his balls and GROW UP!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tsq2_Nqg0I8
LDSsaint2012::Matt Barnes is just as bad, if not worse
ltisdabest::Great game by the Pacers and by Kevin Durant. Honestly this OKC team will go as far as Westbrook will take them. Because we know Durant will always get his, but if Westbrook continues to play like this OKC will not do well in the playoffs.
jordan.014::westbrook is gonna be the reason y OKC will not win the championship this year...
soonerboomer65::Lebron was hoping you'd blame him.
jordan.014::miami wont make it to the final...
speakmemory::Not so fast, Thunder fans - On your way to being crowned, you are realizing how hard it is to actually win it all- Lakers fan here - Ask Dallas fans how it feels to have a target on your back - We've been dealing with this for YEARS - When you're the best, EVERY team comes after you - I like OKC, if my Lakers can't win it wouldn't mind seeing them in June - Just a hard, hard road to get there -
AndrewOKC::i hope the thunder get the laker in the playoffs cause honestly looking at all the playoff teams in the west, the lakers are the thunder's easiest series.  The fakers are old and and then thunder is built to beat them.
my dog is really cute::Black people are a very bad race.. i will describe why... black peeplele increase the crime rate in every place.. black people live in low scale neba hoodssss... black people smell bad... black people are hard on the eyes.... black people are only successful in sports... black people are dumb.... black people are rude... they look like a gorilla... black people werent used as slaves for no reason.. black people were used as slaves cuz thats what they r good for.... there are many great names for black people like cotton pick, spear chucker, spick, ni gger, gorilla, porch monkey, ETC ETC, they are not called these names for no reason, its because they are fuc ing gross and they are ni ggers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i feel we need to bring slavery back!! PLZZZ thats what they are good for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuc k $@%!$@%!! i hate that the president is a ni gggg!!! f UCK NI GGERS
meats29::There are 6 point guards in the NBA from UCLA - 2 in this game
my dog is really cute::Black people are a very bad race.. i will describe why... black peeplele increase the crime rate in every place.. black people live in low scale neba hoodssss... black people smell bad... black people are hard on the eyes.... black people are only successful in sports... black people are dumb.... black people are rude... they look like a gorilla... black people werent used as slaves for no reason.. black people were used as slaves cuz thats what they r good for.... there are many great names for black people like cotton pick, spear chucker, spick, ni gger, gorilla, porch monkey, ETC ETC, they are not called these names for no reason, its because they are fuc ing gross and they are ni ggers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i feel we need to bring slavery back!! PLZZZ thats what they are good for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuc k $@%!$@%!! i hate that the president is a ni gggg!!! f UCK NI GGERS
speakmemory::And if you got rid of all us $@%!$@%, then who would you turn on?
my dog is really cute::Black people are a very bad race.. i will describe why... black peeplele increase the crime rate in every place.. black people live in low scale neba hoodssss... black people smell bad... black people are hard on the eyes.... black people are only successful in sports... black people are dumb.... black people are rude... they look like a gorilla... black people werent used as slaves for no reason.. black people were used as slaves cuz thats what they r good for.... there are many great names for black people like cotton pick, spear chucker, spick, ni gger, gorilla, porch monkey, ETC ETC, they are not called these names for no reason, its because they are fuc ing gross and they are ni ggers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i feel we need to bring slavery back!! PLZZZ thats what they are good for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuc k $@%!$@%!! i hate that the president is a ni gggg!!! f UCK NI GGERS
my dog is really cute::Black people are a very bad race.. i will describe why... black peeplele increase the crime rate in every place.. black people live in low scale neba hoodssss... black people smell bad... black people are hard on the eyes.... black people are only successful in sports... black people are dumb.... black people are rude... they look like a gorilla... black people werent used as slaves for no reason.. black people were used as slaves cuz thats what they r good for.... there are many great names for black people like cotton pick, spear chucker, spick, ni gger, gorilla, porch monkey, ETC ETC, they are not called these names for no reason, its because they are fuc ing gross and they are ni ggers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i feel we need to bring slavery back!! PLZZZ thats what they are good for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuc k $@%!$@%!! i hate that the president is a ni gggg!!! f UCK NI GGERS
my dog is really cute::Black people are a very bad race.. i will describe why... black peeplele increase the crime rate in every place.. black people live in low scale neba hoodssss... black people smell bad... black people are hard on the eyes.... black people are only successful in sports... black people are dumb.... black people are rude... they look like a gorilla... black people werent used as slaves for no reason.. black people were used as slaves cuz thats what they r good for.... there are many great names for black people like cotton pick, spear chucker, spick, ni gger, gorilla, porch monkey, ETC ETC, they are not called these names for no reason, its because they are fuc ing gross and they are ni ggers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i feel we need to bring slavery back!! PLZZZ thats what they are good for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuc k $@%!$@%!! i hate that the president is a ni gggg!!! f UCK NI GGERS
my dog is really cute::Black people are a very bad race.. i will describe why... black peeplele increase the crime rate in every place.. black people live in low scale neba hoodssss... black people smell bad... black people are hard on the eyes.... black people are only successful in sports... black people are dumb.... black people are rude... they look like a gorilla... black people werent used as slaves for no reason.. black people were used as slaves cuz thats what they r good for.... there are many great names for black people like cotton pick, spear chucker, spick, ni gger, gorilla, porch monkey, ETC ETC, they are not called these names for no reason, its because they are fuc ing gross and they are ni ggers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i feel we need to bring slavery back!! PLZZZ thats what they are good for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuc k $@%!$@%!! i hate that the president is a ni gggg!!! f UCK NI GGERS
my dog is really cute::Black people are a very bad race.. i will describe why... black peeplele increase the crime rate in every place.. black people live in low scale neba hoodssss... black people smell bad... black people are hard on the eyes.... black people are only successful in sports... black people are dumb.... black people are rude... they look like a gorilla... black people werent used as slaves for no reason.. black people were used as slaves cuz thats what they r good for.... there are many great names for black people like cotton pick, spear chucker, spick, ni gger, gorilla, porch monkey, ETC ETC, they are not called these names for no reason, its because they are fuc ing gross and they are ni ggers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i feel we need to bring slavery back!! PLZZZ thats what they are good for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuc k $@%!$@%!! i hate that the president is a ni gggg!!! f UCK NI GGERS
my dog is really cute::Black people are a very bad race.. i will describe why... black peeplele increase the crime rate in every place.. black people live in low scale neba hoodssss... black people smell bad... black people are hard on the eyes.... black people are only successful in sports... black people are dumb.... black people are rude... they look like a gorilla... black people werent used as slaves for no reason.. black people were used as slaves cuz thats what they r good for.... there are many great names for black people like cotton pick, spear chucker, spick, ni gger, gorilla, porch monkey, ETC ETC, they are not called these names for no reason, its because they are fuc ing gross and they are ni ggers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i feel we need to bring slavery back!! PLZZZ thats what they are good for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuc k $@%!$@%!! i hate that the president is a ni gggg!!! f UCK NI GGERS
HateBrass::With the win tonight, this marks the first time since 2006 that Larry Bird and the Pacers will finish the year with a WINNING RECORD.  The great Larry Bird has led the Pacers to five straight losing years and four NBA Lottery berths.  But he fired Isiah Thomas for three straight playoff berths and no losing years.  I guess the double standard and the two different skin tones say you can fault Thomas but Bird has an explanation for his failures.
tgreeson80::This ranks up there with one of the most idiotic and asinine posts I have ever read on this site...and there have been plenty.  Wow
raaaj989::you dumb as s,with you guys its always the race card,just face it when you get fired or cut its because you SUCK,NOT YOUR RACE,GET OVER IT "YOU WERE NOT A SLAVE,I NEVER OWNED ONE, GET THE HE LL OVER IT!
nblucas97::You can't be that big of an idiot. Bird slowly built this team to where it is by being smart in the draft and in spending. Thomas is a poison to everything he touches. He is a terrible coach and even worse GM. Honestly, I am not even sure why you posted this or what your end result is. When the Pacers did go to the finals, guess who was coaching? Bird! Thomas is trash and always will be. Just like you.
rgemlr::way to play the race card there guy, when thomas was fired they immediately went to the finals the next year.
rgemlr::the same thomas who scarred the knicks for a generation. another incompetent coach by the name of obrien was also let go after three years but he was white, so the pacers must have something against whites also
soonerboomer65::Thomas got fired again today.
T.O Nation 93::russel westbrook is gonna f u c k okc
anonymous_sports_watcher::MATRIX MECHANICS IS CUMBERSOME AND INEFFECTUAL...PLUS HE WAS A $@%! $@%! YOU AND YOUR FRESHMAN PHYSICS
Silverwulf1::This board's too boring ... have to go over to the Miami one and make fun of them for awhile. Thanks for beating the Thunder Indy ...  Can't wait for the Bulls to see you in the Playoffs again this year :)
aise5668::I wonder if LA will give us Metta World Peace and Steve Blake, too.  We need to add those guys to Derek Fisher and then we'll really improve our rotation.  :-(
soonerboomer65::Fisher hasn't played like this since the 70's
naviness::F.u.c.k.i.n.g. TURNOVERS!
Billywhiterock::Now that's how you beat the Blunder
BostonLiver::Oh well, MightyLA, he won't survive talking like that anyway if he does this in real life.  This is what kids do, they talk trash on the internet like a adult.  An when they see a buff strong guy that is a fan of a team that suck, they wet their pants.   lol.
nblucas97::This is the dumbest exchange of $@%! ever. Grow up fucktards.
Silverwulf1::Uhm, where did this comment come from?
BostonLiver::Exactly. Oooo.... He might come up and post some dumb stuff about how I am in Beantown or you in LA land. Lol.  Bet you 20$?
MightyLA::Lol at the way how that Packer kid is saying "Internet tough guys". We are Internet tough guys and real life tough guys.  Look now he's trying to man up on the Internet when he won't man up to give you his address. LMFAO!!!
13NFLChampionships::LA?  Isn't that in Mexifornia?  Boohahahahaahaha. Good night losers.
BostonLiver::lol accent? If you can show me your address, sure.  I would love to do that.
AndrewOKC::faggott
13NFLChampionships::Only a moron would give his address up on the internet.  What's yours? And don't give me a fake one.  Besides, I have a wife and kid.  BTW, I am 6 one, 220 lbs, 17 inch biceps from pumping iron and a background in tae kwan do.
iownamicrowave::There is really no bottom feeder team in the East tplayoffs his year.... except NY i guess.
334knicks::but we kicked ind behinf twice this year
Stryker Rip Strongheart::Even NY isn't really a bottom-feeder...they just had one of the worst collections of stars ever. They don't complement each other at all.
MightyLA::Oo
roger_z0::Okc is overated!
THA TRUTH 365::GASOL FOR BOSH, BUT IT'S GOING TO TAKE AT LEAST 2 PLAYERS TO GET HOWARD, MAYBE BOSH AND SOMEONE ELSE.
BoilermakerDiesel::Get rid of Lebron or Bosh and pick up Dwight Howard or Gasol
AndrewOKC::no he is a hack
THA TRUTH 365::IS BOSH STILL CONSIDERED A STAR?
THA TRUTH 365::I AGREE, THE HEAT NEED TO GET RID OF A LOT OF PLAYERS WHO DO NOTHING.
Stryker Rip Strongheart::He's the best player in the league in one of the most average teams in the NBA without him, and especially average considering they still have 2 stars without him.
THA TRUTH 365::TO GET RID OF LEBRON WOULD BE STUPID, HE'S THE BEST PLAYER ON THE TEAM, BEST IN THE NBA.
BoilermakerDiesel::Miami needs more role players and avoid trying to have 3 players fight to be considered elite coexisting together.
THA TRUTH 365::2ND YEAR
THA TRUTH 365::WRONG; CELTICS AND LAKERS  HAVE DONE IT FOR YEARS.
BostonLiver::It's the first year of their creation? Give them time?
Silverwulf1::It's true ... you really can't win with 2 superstars and a third all-star ... it's just impossible ...
THA TRUTH 365::MIAMI NEEDS A CENTER , A REAL CENTER.
MiamiStrong3::Oh well. We got stomped at home. We can't win them all can we?
BoilermakerDiesel::HEAT are overrated
BoilermakerDiesel::not really .
BoilermakerDiesel::Pacers are the best "TEAM" in the NBA. Considering they do not have a superstar and are still succeeding tremendously.
Stryker Rip Strongheart::No...still the Bulls. 15-7 without Rose, you extrapolate that to 30-14...or even 30-17/18...still better than the Pacers' record. But the Pacers are balling, I do love watching them play
THA TRUTH 365::GRANGER WAS AN ALLSTAR
AndrewOKC::ummmm actually hibbert was
BoilermakerDiesel::If any pacer player is a star, it has to be Hibbert. not Granger.
THA TRUTH 365::GRANGER IS CONSIDERED A STAR, NOT EVERY TEAM HAS A SUPERSTAR
BoilermakerDiesel::It's a discussion board. I discussed how a team is the best "team". meaning they work together and feed off of one another's success.  Need anymore description on what a discussion board is? or what my statement means?
BostonLiver::So= he doesn't care about what the pacers do.....
MiamiStrong3::One word: So?
BoilermakerDiesel::yeah?
MiamiStrong3::Great......
saintsmagic88::do pacers still have a shot at the 2nd spot in the east?
Stryker Rip Strongheart::Nah...that would involve Miami losing 7 of their next 11 games, AND the Pacers winning every single game from here on out...can't happen. That's too tall an order. Anyway, it's not like Indy has locked up the 3 seed yet...
MiamiStrong3::wow. Considerations.
BoilermakerDiesel::yes they do
saintsmagic88::i think they got a good shot their next 8 of 11 games are home...
Silverwulf1::Not a realistic one ... Miami has a pretty weak remaining schedule outside of their two remaining games with the Bulls ... and to assume they would lose 6 of their final 10 or 11 games is tough to imagine.   Not that I wouldn't like to see it happen ;)
saintsmagic88::even with miami playing horrible down the stretch?
BostonLiver::Yes. There are only a few games to go. And Miami is up alot on Indy
Silverwulf1::Nope
Silverwulf1::Wow, that game against the Bulls took so much out of the Thunder, they dropped their next three straight.  ;)
Jamesy812::Knicks a given haha. They're struggling for the 8th seed.
Silverwulf1::Wow ... sometimes I wonder if you kids even pay attention to what's going on in the NBA ...  Knicks are 10-3 since their much needed coaching change and are playing much better during that time ... despite losing both Lin and Amare for 6-8 weeks apiece.
THA TRUTH 365::OKC HAS THE BEST STARTING FIVE; WESTBROOK, DURANT, HARDEN  (SHOULD BE A STARTER). PERKINS. IBAKA, IN THE LEAGUE, IT'S JUST THAT MEMPHIS IS GONNA SURPRISE A LOT OF TEAMS, THEY ALSO HAVE A GOOD STATING FIVE.
AndrewOKC::a half dozen really? shows how dumb you are
futballty::Are you high? Or did your mom just drop you on your head too many times?
Silverwulf1::Assuming everyone is healthy ... the Bulls, Heat, Spurs, Lakers, and Knicks are a given ... while the Grizzlies, Mavs, Pacers, and Clippers are all possibilities as well.
justinkm19::Memphis won't surprise me. I think it will be Spurs/Grizzlies in WCF (if they don't play eachother first)
THA TRUTH 365::NAME SOME
Stryker Rip Strongheart::I'd say they have the most talented starting 5...I would take the Bulls' or the Spurs starters over the Thunder's starters in a playoff series, though.
Silverwulf1::OKC does NOT have the best starting five in the league ... not by a long ways. I can name a half dozen teams with better starters. They have holes all over the place, but Durant and Westbrook make up for a lot of that.
THA TRUTH 365::THAT'S BULLSH#T, OKC JUST LOST TO 3 GOOD TEAMS.
Silverwulf1::Thanks genius, we never could have figure that out without you around.
BoilermakerDiesel::OKC is a great team.  They probably got much better after that 3 game trip too.
