Jesus2265::BOSTON ALL DAY EVERYDAYY!
ayrichards::Well we beat the wiz twice but now we play NJ tomorrow
jwusrt11::man the wiz look so bad...it almost seems as if the season interrupted their lockout vacation plans...cant believe DC area fans pay money to watch this awful franchaise that is making no effort to get better anytime soon
RunTheBall22::So Boston wins a couple of  games at home against bad teams and you blind fans think you got a chance. Ha
freebird1963::Doc still sitting the rookies. Needs to play these guys to develop them and to give the old guys rest. Not saying 30 mins but 2 just ain't gonna cut it.
AdidasBball413::Rondo is so nasty! But its time for teams to guard him straight up instead of backing off  http://theredshirtchrislehman.wordpress.com/
kevin77732::dailysports77.wordpress.com
Seanathon12::Looks like the C's are getting in the swing of things, with consistant production from all around in the last 2 games.
big1dunny::What about making a run for DaMarcus Cousins? I'd trade JaJuan Johnson and Bradley for him. Maybe even add a second round draft pick. Kings would get a young big man and Bradley who is still young with potential. I would take the gamble that Cousins surrounded by veterans like KG to keep him in line might turn his attitude around.
freebird1963::Do you want that big of a head case disrupting the C's ?
Merriweather Brown::Look at this trade from Sacramento's viewpoint.  Cousins is a promising although immature center.  You've got to give them more than a bag of balls to get him.
big1dunny::Not really because they are desperate they already banned him from the team. And he's on rookie contract. So only way they get back established star players who are making big money is for them to give up guys on their roster in addition. Cousins only making like 3mil you can't get a guy back making 10mil, the money has to match. They going to get low ball offers because of cousins contract and baggage.
austenkeenan::i like your trade idea better than the ones we were talking about last night, some people were saying trade like bass and allen for him.
austenkeenan::honestly i wouldnt even trade bass for cousins, bass has shown he can produce at a high level off the bench, and ray is ray, like i said last night the only time i would be fine with ray leaving is if it included us getting Monta Ellis.
big1dunny::no way lol Cousins hasn't produced on the NBA level yet and has baggage. Plus he's still on short rookie contract and Bass makes more then him. so does Ray.
raven.5200::Celtics look great vs bad teams lol.
markpringle2003::...and you guys wanted to trade Rondo for Chis Paul. LOL!
Dwayne_Johnson23::One triple double doesn't change the fact that Chris Paul is a better player than Rajon Rondo
chocolatethunder.::Rondo has better numbers overall than any PG in the NBA, hater.
Jdzspace::how about 8? and a few all-time nba records and a championship ring?
big1dunny::If he had healthy knees I would agree. Chris Paul can't go all out every game because he's worried about his knees. That's why he coasts games or parts of games. CP3 peaked years ago and his stats have consistently gone down last 3 years. Rondo is younger, healthier, and keeps getting better hasn't peaked yet and can go all out every game.
Merriweather Brown::I'm starting to think Doc does not like white players.  He buried Kristic on the bench last year when he is a 7 footer with some skills.  Murphy can play for the Lakers, but he couldn't play for the Celts?  And now Marquis Daniels, a brick thrower who puts up low numbers in the box score every night, plays 20 minutes &amp; Pavlovic, who can shoot &amp; run the court, plays zero minutes.
austenkeenan::Quis just needs to get back into the swing of things, i think he's a good role player. He's coming off a season ending back injury so its not like he's been playing that much..
big1dunny::Kristic is a big man who can't rebound or defend. That's why thunder got rid of him and that's why Doc put him on the bench. Murphy missed all of last year so when boston got him he was drastically out of shape. He looked better with LA because he had a full off season and training camp to learn their system and most importantly get in shape. He got some mins early in the year because no Odom and Bynum serving suspension. First game with Bynum back he played 5mins and 1reb and looked like garbage last night.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Greg Stiemsma
Road dog Red::evrybody beats the Wiz
Merriweather Brown::Hey Danny, a young talented center named DeMarcus Cousins is available. Too bad the Celtics don't have any marketable players other than Rondo.
freebird1963::How much Aleve and bottles of Jack Daniels does Ainge  get in the trade for taking on a head case like this.
DaBostonStrangler10::I'm watching game 7 Celtics-Lakers on youtube from two years back, and wow am I reliving those bad memories. To be honest, this is the first time I'm watching it in replay. If you just watch Rasheed Wallace the whole time running up and down the court, you could tell that he was soooooo out of shape.;
ShiloInn1985::You have no answer for the substance of my response.   Just as I suspected. You know L.A. took it fair and square. Your only defense mechanism to keep you out of the sanitorium, is holding on to your Alex Jones-like conspiracies of ref-fixing for L.A. Well, to each his own. Some people believe in faeries. You believe the Celtics were better than the Lakers in 2010.
ShiloInn1985::The fact that you equate a pro wrestling event with a legit contest like an NBA Finals game, speaks volumes about your grasp of reality. 24-6 FT disparity reflects how much the Lakers were taking it to the basket with aggressive inside and midrange shooting. Nothing more. Kobe almost outrebounding the entire Boston frontline all by himself, should indicate to you just how out of that contest your squad was.  Stop living in the past. Especially a past that didnt even happen. That's doubly pathetic.
Jdzspace::the fact that you think it was legit to literally have 2 free throws every minute, and if you actually watched the game you would see they were calling things that they weren't calling all night just because of the way the game was going. and despite all of that, the C's deficit was 4 when the buzzer sounded. . . yeah, WAY out of it. get real  the fact that you can with a straight face call that legit, is the most pathetic thing i've ever seen. wake up junior, the fix was blatantly obvious to anyone who watched the game
pmully94::what is so painful is how close we were :(
Jdzspace::it's funny that when i think about it, i don't think about the Lakers at all. I think about how corrupt and crooked the game proved itself to be that night.   like i didn't think about Shawn Micheals when he won the championship in survivor series when i was younger. i knew he was just the messenger, that the real power was pulling the strings.   same thing
chocolatethunder.::lmao
Jdzspace::the most painful thing is that we had injured out of shape players on the road in a game seven. and the only way the Lakers could eek out an undeserved win was due to the 24-6 free throw differential in the 4th quarter.   I can't believe anyone on earth thinks that is legit. . . it is pathetic
chocolatethunder.::He was fat. Im not fond of fat players.
celtsfan91477::2 games in a row where the refs didn't make themselves the focus and we win both.  First Joey Crawford screws us against NY, then Bavetta's corpse did it against Miami, and then we face Stern's own team and get NOTHING for calls.  So sad how the NBA still hates Boston this much.
Jdzspace::it was against Detroit and Washington. nothing to get excited about
pmully94::It was so blatant too. I forget which game but the refs called a phantom foul against boston. He never even touched the player and they called the foul!
DaBostonStrangler10::Dude, it's just you. Quit crying.
chocolatethunder.::I was glad to see Kg put in a good nights work.
big1dunny::KG was just horrible first 4 games of the year. Finally had a good game. I have come to accept that KG is only going to be able to give boston that kind of production every 5 games or so. Barkley said it best "when I was young I could string great games together consistently. But when I got old I could do it every week or so but couldn't do it every game." Boston can not depend on his offense.
hitterquiter::KG still has some in the tank. He will need nights off and Bass should replace him then but only then. He has one good year left as a starter let this be it at least and let him go down on top.
Jdzspace::Bass dissapointed me with his performance tonight, he was giving us 15 a night against very good teams. i dont' like how he didn't tonight against a bad one. though he did shoot 50%, so maybe he just didn't get enough shots
chocolatethunder.::Kg will need some nights off.
Jdzspace::i don't. . . he's a reserve. let him be a reserve
chocolatethunder.::I want to see what he can do with the starters from the tip off.
Jdzspace::i'll be impressed if he does it again in the next week
chocolatethunder.::Bass should start tomorrow, bring Kg off the bench
Jdzspace::lol
chocolatethunder.::Even if its just minutes
Jdzspace::i know right. . .  .if he cracks double figures with anything tomorrow i'll be happy
chocolatethunder.::Ill be impressed if he even plays tomorrow night.
NBAOverseer::Pistons now Wizards...very impressive.
andehhhhhhh::Wilcox and Pietrus are still out too. Might be an upgrade over Jajaun Johnson and E'twaun Moore when they get back. Extra bench depth and overall team health are always key. Hence why Pierce coming back helped so much I guess. I mean, people here have a point when they say it was only Detroit and Washington. But this Boston team, at full health is pretty damn deep. If these old guys stay healthy people are going to be eating their own words. The Celtics may not have the athleticism of other teams but their 2 or 3 steps ahead on each play. Basketball IQ, which often comes with experience, can help more than just being older can hurt. People are gonna end up being suprised by this team. The Celtics are gonna go deep in the playoffs. Team is legit.
Jdzspace::mine wasn't. We really do have a super simple schedule that will literally serve as our training camp.
chocolatethunder.::Its more impressive than if Boston would have lost to the Pistons and Wizards.
Antsea91::It was sarcasm
Jdzspace::not really, this next couple of weeks is going to be our training camp. we don't have any real hard games for a long while.
tdsjrdsr32::GO RONDO!
big1dunny::you sound dumb he just dropped a triple double. lol I call that GREAT numbers.
buccaneersfan93::a triple double is freaking good are u stupid
Jdzspace::you always are
Jdzspace::thanks. . . i think
chocolatethunder.::I liked your comment because i like always being high
gh.wrapa::anybody noticed that rondo's numbers are great in the losses and not so great in the wins? coincidence? have anything to do with PP playing in the wins?
chocolatethunder.::I am
Jdzspace::18pts, 14ast, 11reb is not so great?   are you high?
chocolatethunder.::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-GR3STvE_s   .
green_plastic::ugh, that wizards logo has got to be the worst in all of professional sports ..
pmully94::is that all they could come up with?
Antsea91::looks like a pe.nis
austenkeenan::peace out c's fans! ill be talkin to you guys tomorrow night, take it easy.
Damn Mods 9330::Well, time to troll on the LA board lol. I'll probably be back in a bit.
Damn Mods 9330::I'm thinking of going to troll either the Heat or Laker boards.....
gmann305::Go nuggets!
Damn Mods 9330::Yeah, but Heat fans are just as annoying. But I may just go with LA. lol
chocolatethunder.::Better eatin' on the Lakers board, they lost.
dpas569::in the 1st week of the season Rondo has really made me eat a ton of crow! he's playing absolutely fabulous basketball this season. there's not another PG in the league playing as well as he is right now, including CP3! i hope he can keep this up the whole season.
chocolatethunder.::Rondo will be serving Crow regularly this season.
Jdzspace::CP3 FTW!
Jdzspace::yeah they did, i'm happy for them. i just can't wait until they upend the Lakers and take possession of the city and staples. that will be a beautiful day
chocolatethunder.::They needed that win.
Jdzspace::true, but they got the win vs an undefeated team. so good win for lob city
gh.wrapa::yeah he finally won it but those turnovers nearly let the blazers into the game
GinAndTonicForMyHoes::Stiemsma needs more playing time. He is 6'11''  and plays defense. I would rather have Stiemsma on the court than weak Brandon Bass. Plus, maybe we can rest J.O. more and his knees will make it through the season.
GinAndTonicForMyHoes::Oh well, gettin off the boards now. Hopefully Bass can get better at D, since he is the athlete we need and plays hard. He just looks lost quite a bit.
GinAndTonicForMyHoes::yup, I thiink Thibs leaving for Chitown had a lot to do with the downfall as well. Chicago's defense is absolutely beastly.
paulpiercepiru::the lack of his presence definitely effects the Celtics d but people forget that we were the NUMBER ONE defense last year WITHOUT thibodeau
Damn Mods 9330::Yeah, he's a defensive genius.
GinAndTonicForMyHoes::@mods. True, Perk's statline was never amazing, but he would bang in the paint and make driving a lot tougher. Everyone loved Perk.
Damn Mods 9330::I agree that we needed to trade him because we would have had no way of resigning him and Green could be for the future with Rondo, but that pretty much killed our chances of a title.
GinAndTonicForMyHoes::Right, my point exactly. We needed for those pickups to be better defensively. They didn't play because they were bad pickups. We needed more presence in the paint in the playoffs.
GinAndTonicForMyHoes::I was mainly talking on defense; he looked overwhelmed. He's young and he can still get better. I just think we need defense right now. we went for offense last year with Kristic and Murphy. They both sucked, and didn't help us out at all.
chocolatethunder.::We didnt go for Kristic and Murphy. Kristic was a throw in and Murphy was just a roster filler. Neither played hardly at all in the playoffs.
Damn Mods 9330::We also traded Perk. Perk was a huge part of the team and that kind of affected everyone.
GinAndTonicForMyHoes::Also, Bass absolutely disappeared when the Magic needed him in the playoffs last year.
Damn Mods 9330::The Magic has a 3 point offense, anyone could easily disappear. If they focused around Dwight, they could have actually done something.
chocolatethunder.::The Magics offense can make any player disappear. Rondo wont allow that.
GinAndTonicForMyHoes::I like Bass as an offensive weapon. He just disappears on D. When we won the title, it's because we were the most physical team. Bass has a jumper, but gets abused in the post. No low-post defense, no shot. Lebron and Wade will just drive past us.
chocolatethunder.::Not sure what you have been watching but Bass has been fine on defense.
austenkeenan::weak brandon bass? smh...
chocolatethunder.::Bass is to valuable offensively. Hes the only legitimate scorer on the bench.
Damn Mods 9330::Brandon Bass is a legit player. WTF you smoking?
Jdzspace::great game in LA right now
Jdzspace::still really good game
gh.wrapa::cp3 just turned the ball over twice in succession nothing on rondo
TheDags0513::Good Night C's fans.  Get your burger, Mods!
Damn Mods 9330::Once again, thanks jacka<b></b>ss! Lol.
Damn Mods 9330::I live on the west coast, I have In n Out :)
Jdzspace::get a burger at 5 guys burgers. they are amazing
CaptainReachAround::Man the Wiz look like they're sleep walking. Oh, well at least we can beat the two worst teams in the NBA&gt;
Damn Mods 9330::We were right there in the games with the Knicks and Heat.
Damn Mods 9330::DeJuan Blair could be available in free agency.
austenkeenan::He's cheap too he make 1.1 mil right now
Damn Mods 9330::Yeah, that is true.
austenkeenan::we could make a legitimate run at him though if danny decides to pursue him
Damn Mods 9330::Whoever offers up the most money may get him though.
austenkeenan::either way i can't picture him asking for anymore than what maybe 5 mil? thats do able
Damn Mods 9330::That's his rookie contract I think.
Damn Mods 9330::I would love having him on the Celtics.
TheDags0513::Great fit for the C's.
Tryan Gully::Wizard's new symbol is atrocious
TheDags0513::Wall will look good lobbing it up to Anthony Davis.
Internet_Censorship::trade Rondo while his name's hot
GinAndTonicForMyHoes::while his name's hot? Oh, you mean the last three years.
Damn Mods 9330::Shut up troll. Rondo is staying in Boston.
Mikepokeefe::Not sure if Wall has ever posted a bigger statline with just 1 turnover.
mcase94::nuggets beat lakers, hahah lakers fans were talking so much crap last night
Damn Mods 9330::I hate Laker and Heat fans. And living here on the west coast, I have to deal with Laker fans in person. Yes, I live on the west coast and represent the Celtics!
austenkeenan::my friend lives in cleveland right now he isn't too fond of the city from what he tells me
TheDags0513::Cincinnati is the fast approaching living standards equal to Cleveland. It's a dying city.
austenkeenan::Nah i'm from New Gloucester its like 20 minutes out of portland. I'm sure living in cincy is better than maine
TheDags0513::You must be from Bangor. WalMart is considered high class shopping. I live in Cincinnati now. It's not much better.
austenkeenan::what?
TheDags0513::In Presque Isle, WalMart is Saks Fifth Avenue.
Damn Mods 9330::If it wouldn't go bad by the time it got there, I would.
austenkeenan::you were born in presque isle? ooo your from up in the county that blowss
TheDags0513::Can you ship a double to a fellow Celtic fan?
TheDags0513::I was born in Presque Isle, Maine...
Damn Mods 9330::In n Out is amazing! Damn, I may have to take a quick trip now. Thanks! Jackas<b></b>s lol.
austenkeenan::i live up in maine so im basically isolated from everything...which means i dont have to deal with heat and lakers fans, its pretty nice lol
TheDags0513::At least you have access to Islands and In and Out.
austenkeenan::theres a shocker lakers fans talkin crap...
Obama is Keynesian::Sources: Phillip Rivers parents are 1st cousins
Obama is Keynesian::rashard mendenhall has a torn ACL??
TheDags0513::That's actually a plus for the Steelers. Sorry. I don't wish an injury on anyone.
Damn Mods 9330::I would rather have Rashard instead of Mewelde.
TheDags0513::Mendenhall has been a complete bust this year other than one game.
Obama is Keynesian::No way is that a plus for Pit
austenkeenan::really?
Obama is Keynesian::Apparently the Steelers think so, waiting on MRI
TheDags0513::Do the Bengals have a shot? I think so!
Obama is Keynesian::Gingers don't have souls
TheDags0513::Ray Lewis peeked. he dyes his hair
Damn Mods 9330::I'll let you do that and report that to us.
TheDags0513::did you peek down below?
Damn Mods 9330::He's a ginger.
TheDags0513::He dyes his hair.
DustinKennedy669::O who is going to be the big free agent signing for the celtics next year?
austenkeenan::http://www.hoopsworld.com/2013-nba-free-agents there are some pretty solid names in this list i would pretty surprised with how many big names there were.
Damn Mods 9330::Yeah, we will have around $34 million in cap space, hopefully he only takes up about $3 million of  that.
austenkeenan::we're going to need to cap space, i hope he doesnt ask for too much
Damn Mods 9330::Yeah, and he's been my favorite player ever since I followed the NBA faithfully and when he came to the C's, I was so ecstatic. But still, if he asks for too much they shouldn't resign him.
austenkeenan::o hell no he's far less agile than he was when we first acquired him.
Damn Mods 9330::Hopefully KG doesn't ask for too much because he is getting old and not worth $10 million in any way.
austenkeenan::Oh man having KG be the mentor would be amazing, that would be an almost perfect situation in that case.
Damn Mods 9330::True. But pairing him with Bass and having KG mentoring them if he resigns for a lot cheaper would be amazing.
austenkeenan::yeah the only problem is i thought hansbrough was an UFA but i read the wrong thing he's actually restricted so i doubt he will but Blair would be a good fit also
Damn Mods 9330::Terrific rebounder. I would love having both him and Hansbrough.
austenkeenan::DeJuan Blair would be a good pick up too and he doesn't ask for much money.
Damn Mods 9330::If we could get DeJuan Blair, I would love that signing.
austenkeenan::no doubt he would be a great replacement at the 2 position, dorell wright wouldn't be too bad either. but thats just my opinion
Damn Mods 9330::Yeah, Monta would be a great pickup.
austenkeenan::personally i wouldn't mind gettin martin he's a solid player but id rather snag monta ellis or iguodala before martin
Damn Mods 9330::For some reason, on my NBA 2K12, when I'm not the Celtics in association, they trade Green for Kevin Martin. Is that a sign that we may try to sign him? Lol.
DustinKennedy669::Kevin love would be sick. Dwight would be nasty but he won't come here. I think Minnesota is going to do everything they can to keep love though. It's too bad we didn't get David west this year and Jeff greens injury sucks I was looking forward to seeing what he could do this year
austenkeenan::o im sure the spurs will do whatever they can to keep him
Damn Mods 9330::I think the Spurs would try to keep him though, but who knows.
austenkeenan::even though he would cost too much money Ginobili is also an UFA that would be pretty crazy to get Manu
Damn Mods 9330::Al will probably be asking for a lot of money though. Utah fans were saying they don't like Al at all. If it were Laker or Heat fans, I wouldn't even think much about it, but for fans that support a sucky team? I have to think of it some.
austenkeenan::big Al is an unrestricted and Monta has an early termination option
Damn Mods 9330::I think someone said Love is a restricted free agent, so the T-Wolves won't let him go anywhere.
austenkeenan::rondo would be throwin up oops to green every game if he didn't have surgery
austenkeenan::I would love to see him back with the Celtics i think he's gotten a lot better also
austenkeenan::Monta Ellis and Al Jefferson
austenkeenan::to my knowledge i dont believe he is picking it up
Damn Mods 9330::And Monta has a player option (I think), so is he definitely not  picking it up?
Damn Mods 9330::Al only if he doesn't want a lot of money.
Damn Mods 9330::We probably won't be able to get Dwight if he gets to free agency, but we won't have to settle for veteran minimums. I really like that.
TheDags0513::Kevin Love.
mcase94::all i know is broncos are going get beaten like a red-headed stepson
austenkeenan::speaking of the broncos what do y'all think about the SNL skit about tebow? i thought it was wicked funny
mcase94::defenses have figured out tebow, the jig is up
Obama is Keynesian::He has no legitimate weapons on the outside. When i watch his WR are blanketed all game long. Not a very good team w/ or w/out him
Obama is Keynesian::I'm not sure. If Tebow can give them anything i think they can be tough. Rapelessburger has looked pretty bad and is still banged up.
Damn Mods 9330::Rapeless will get it done in the playoffs. I hate saying that because I'm a Raven fan, but he will do what he has to do.
TheDags0513::Rothlisberger shows up during the playoffs.
TheDags0513::Jesus is with Durant now.
Obama is Keynesian::Think the Ravens will knock off the Pats and the Giants will find a way to make it out of the NFC. But honestly the NFC has 6 legit contenders
austenkeenan::i think the Ravens vs. Pats game would be a really good game.
Damn Mods 9330::I like the way you think with the AFC....
Obama is Keynesian::Best all white rotation courtesy of the Lakers:  C- Gasol PF- Murphy SF- McRoberts SG- Kapono PG - Steve Blake
oreed-tittletown-boston::some of the uglies white guys ever
Rondo is the bum of bums::LMAO!!!!!!!!
Rondo is the bum of bums::Superbowl 46 IMO  Saints vs Patriots
mcase94::Gronnk and graham are even, plus pats have aaron, not that hard to figure out
TheDags0513::NOLA's D is better than NE
mcase94::pats have two amazing TE's no other team can say that
Damn Mods 9330::Yeah. Maybe it was to not overwork him, but Flacco isn't a QB that can get 300 yards. Rice needs the ball to keep that defense rested.
austenkeenan::Gronk is a beast, when that guy gets truckin' he's hard to take down.
TheDags0513::Cam is an idiot.
Damn Mods 9330::They have home field all playoffs until the Pats. Last time they played the Pats in Foxboro, they straight stomped them. In those losses, Rice had no more than 13 carries. He had 8 and 5 even in two of those. They need to get him the ball more.
TheDags0513::The Ravens play like SuperBowl contenders one week, and the Colts on others.
Damn Mods 9330::Ravens have an amazing pass rush with Suggs coming off the edge and LeBeau is great at defensive scheming.
Rondo is the bum of bums::Have you seen the Saints offense lately?  Jimmy Graham &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Gronk and Aaron
Obama is Keynesian::Niners are going to give Saints probs since it will be outdoors
Damn Mods 9330::No one would have been able to pass on the Chiefs that day. They played amazing.
austenkeenan::Brees is an animal in general, i haven't heard much about him having an off day this season...
Obama is Keynesian::Except the Chiefs
Damn Mods 9330::What about the Packers? Rodgers would throw all over anybody.
TheDags0513::The Saints are boss in a dome. Outside, they are normal.
Obama is Keynesian::Not about the cold as much as perfect dome conditions. Brees isn't that good outdoors. We'll see
Rondo is the bum of bums::False, NO can score anywhere. It's also not that cold in SF
austenkeenan::I hope, that would be such a good game but i feel like Brees would pick the pats secondary apart as much as i hate the thought.
Damn Mods 9330::I don't think the Pats can get past the Ravens or Steelers.
Obama is Keynesian::I'd take Hansborough over Boozer and that bloated contract any day
TheDags0513::Where's Kevin Love going next year? Not Minnesota.
SportsGuru3::He's a RFA.  He's not going anywhere.
Damn Mods 9330::Minny has a lot of potential.
austenkeenan::Agreed especially with Rubio and Williams showing that they can definitely help turn the franchise around
Obama is Keynesian::He's staying w/ Rubio and Williams.
TheDags0513::I don't think he is.
Rondo is the bum of bums::I hope it's Boston
austenkeenan::What would you guys think if Danny signed Tyler Hansbrough after this season, the kids young and has plenty of potential?
Terbmagic::He is a huge hustler and a big time gamer.  I would love him.
austenkeenan::I mean he's a free agent after this season, personally i think he would make a great fit in the Celtics organization
Obama is Keynesian::Great guy off the bench. I think he's averaging a double double off of it.
Damn Mods 9330::I loved Hansbrough since his UNC days. We will have the space to get him, I think it would be a great signing.
austenkeenan::im pretty sure they didnt call the travel just because he threw it down on a 7 foot 8 kid standing there lookin dumb, and i think most of us did lol
Damn Mods 9330::I ji<b></b>zzed when I saw that.
chocolatethunder.::hahaha..it was a blatant travel but ferocious dunk
austenkeenan::I never get tired of watching him dunk on Kenny George, simply amazing.
chocolatethunder.::WOULD LOVE IT
chocolatethunder.::Hes kind of a spaz..but hes a great offensive rebounder and natural scorer.
Rondo is the bum of bums::Hell no. Psycho T has no skills.
Rondo is the bum of bums::Is Romo done in Dallas?
Damn Mods 9330::Jerry Jones is the owner. Who the hell knows.
oreed-tittletown-boston::rondo is a beast a triple double wow...danny better shut up about trading him And he's shooting more too 70% not bad
Rondo is the bum of bums::Game over. NY Giants vs Atlanta Falcons. Who wins that game next week?
austenkeenan::Falcons, i say it's guunna be Saints vs. Packers in the NFC championship
Damn Mods 9330::Ravens/Steelers vs who knows.
Rondo is the bum of bums::What about that the AFC?
mcase94::giants
TheDags0513::The Falcons have stepped it up lately. Watch out. They could be a contender.
Damn Mods 9330::The Bengals surprised me. I didn't think they would do much this year just because Dalton had to play the Ravens and Steelers twice each. Dalton can do great things there in Cincy.
TheDags0513::Boo! You liked those refs, huh? JK GG and nice year for the AFC North.
Damn Mods 9330::Bengals? How did you like the Ravens win today? :) Yes, I'm a Raven fan lol.
TheDags0513::9-7 Representing... Seriously, the Bengals can beat the Texans next week.
Obama is Keynesian::LOL against the worst teams in the league
TheDags0513::Of course, I am a Bengals fan.
Obama is Keynesian::Giants. Eli Manning is incredibly underrated and i don't trust Ryan.
Damn Mods 9330::How good are they at stopping the run? I haven't really been following them all that much.
Obama is Keynesian::Idk bc that Giants D is stout up front. Will be a fun game tho
Damn Mods 9330::If they would give Turner the ball more and let Ryan work off of play action, they would win the game. I don't trust Ryan either, but if they get Turner going, they will win.
TheDags0513::Looks like the Falcons.
Rondo is the bum of bums::NY looked good tonight.
Obama is Keynesian::If CP3 went on Atkins diet he too could be as good as Rondo
chocolatethunder.::He needs P90-X too. Rondo is straight ripped
Obama is Keynesian::Too much of a commitment 4 the guy who bailed on NO
