Alan Ogg::i love it how bulls fans talked trash about winning it all a few weeks ago.. now they cant even get 46 comments hours after a game! lmao  Bulls fans these days are a joke. most can't even name a single player in between the MJ era and the D Rose era...
Shawn Gardner::You're a moron. There's a player on the bulls now that was their #1 draft pick In kirk Heinrich. How bout drafting Marcus Aldridge or tyson chandler then traded them away. How bout drafting Jay Williams then he gets in a motorcycle accident. Go back to flippin burgers. Makes sense now why you work at McD's. BK is better
Alan Ogg::Shawn Gardner  i like my job and im a janitor not a cook
Chris Bates::Shawn Gardner I think you mean LaMarcus Aldridge...Not Marcus.  Also, it's spelled Hinrich, not Heinrich.  Whose the moron now?
Scott Carter::Hellooooooooooo lotteryyyyy!!
Allen Greene::They are going to be in the top 5 they way their going.
Scott Carter::They should go for a top quality shooting gaurd in the draft to allow Butler to move to sf after Deng most likely leaves.
Allen Greene::Scott Carter lets hope Parker doesn't become a bowl in a china shop like Derrica Rose.
Bill Geary::Good Win Mavs. Carter is playing well these days  Wish they could play more consistent  for  more wins. They seem to lose too many games  against teams they should beat.
Zach Heaton::All-around a very good quarter by the Mavs. Shot over 50%, only 1 turnover and 3 fouls. And, they held Chicago to 42% shooting. Very nice.
Paul Steeno::These high powered western conference teams are tough draws for the Bulls. They just dont consistent enough offense to beat these teams that are consistently scoring 100+ points per game. The Bulls would have had to have one of their best games of the season to win tonight. With that being said, I liked the heart and the hustle at the end of the game, not giving up and going on a 16-0 run to put the game in reach somewhat.   I am a little disappointed in Jimmy Butler's play tonight (and throughout the whole season for that matter). His jump shot seems to have regressed from last season. In my opinion, he is at his best when he is being aggressive towards the basket and getting shot opportunities off of offensive rebounds. He has been settling way too much for jump shots as of wait and i think this is the root of his offensive struggles.
Aeron Uchiha::Am happy that my Mavs won but I have a lot of respect for the Bulls. They suffered a great deal of injuries. I hope next season is a better one for you.
Arthur MacMillan::I'm almost done with Jimmy Butler. Too many mental mistakes offensively to be considered a breakout player. He needs a confidence check.
Adam Youman::he was lookin like a breakout player the end of last season..but i agree with you he has been unimpressive as of late. a shame too because i love the kid
Trevor Hennington::I think part of it is he isn't a SG, he doesn't play like one, and he doesn't look to score like one.  He just kinda stands around and shoots the ball if he feels like it.  Although I thought people were way too high on him last season comparing him to Paul George which is madness.
Jonah Swidan::Trevor Hennington as a Pacers fan, I respect Jimmys game and I thought he could be a really good player for you guys (and he still could be) but I was like why are we comparing the two??  Ive watched PG from day one knowing this dude was gonna be a stud, but to be where he is at right now I never would of imagined!!   Good luck to you guys!
Trevor Hennington::Bulls had some luck beating up on weak teams, but soon as a cohesive team with consistent scorers pops out, here is the result.  Anyway, let the tank continue.
Robert Janousek::Sweet!   The Bulls need to lose.
Adam Youman::where was all this offense earlier in the game when it mattered?? come on bulls!
Trevor Hennington::Probably in the same place their offense has been most of the season.
Adam Youman::Trevor Hennington we have so many capable scorers... we just need to utilize them more efficiently
Walter Robeson::nazr mohammad is dead weight just collecting a check
Zach Heaton::Mavs didn't give up any points for the first 2 minutes...WOW
Rocky Rosado::Marquise Teague showing why it would be foolish to give up on him too soon
Fjodor Balla::Everyone looks like MJ in the D-League
Rocky Rosado::Fjodor Balla He's only 20 years old it would be foolish
Fjodor Balla::Rocky Rosado I don't think sending him to the D-League its a sign they have given up on him.He's locked till 2015-2016 season so its all up to him to show he belongs in the NBA.And he got 3 full seasons to prove it.Playing some time in the D-League can do no harm...on contrary it could help him.
Fjodor Balla::Bulls can't score...their offense looks a mess
Tommy Lebowitz::How many years are left on Noah's contract?
Adam Youman::3
Allen Greene::Wow down by 30 on your home court? The Tank is in.
Trevor Hennington::Believe it or not, they are actually trying to win.
Allen Greene::Trevor Hennington with this team? Its like watching The Marcus Fizer days .
Adam Youman::Allen Greene if you are a bulls fan you are the biggest piece of sh!t ever get outta here
Nate Soat::Ill be at this game! Lets go Mavs!!! #mffl
Shawn Tran::U guys think Dallas can win
Bobby Davis::Nope too much d in the frontcourt
Zach Heaton::No, they SHOULD win this game.
Chris Bates::Bobby Davis Looks like you were wrong.  Ready to eat crow?
John Bartlett::is noah playing ??
KaLoyan ILiev::Deng is out ...
Damon Looney::Go Mavs!!
Joe Lark::money
Pavel Knutsen::I love the win on the road for my Mavs, but at the same time I feel bad for this Chicago team with the amount of injuries to key players this season. Hope you'll sort it out somehow.
Robert Janousek::I am actually worried that my team will sort it out.  This is a blown season and after watching the return all last year that never happened, I'd rather that they get a lottery pick this year and make some real noise next year, than an early exit from the playoffs this year.
Derek Ferguson::Robert Janousek It's gonna be hard not to make the playoffs in the east. The 8th seed could have close to 50 losses.
Shawn Gardner::Robert Janousek Totally agree bro. This season is lost. These guys have too much pride and Thibs won't allow a tank. Only way to not make playoffs is to trade Deng, Kirk and Dunleavy if thats even possible. But I really hope the bobcats keep wining here and there and squeeze into the playoffs. Would be nie to get their pick this yr somewhere between 11-17
Antoine Preget::go Noah
