Tom::Some thing is different with James this year.His rebounding is off and his heart is not there.I watch most games and it doesn,t look like he is hustling as much this year on difense or offence.I know he is at 58 percent but you just have to watch every play to see what I mean.And I  have been following him for 10 years or so and he is my favorite player.But I can be a big critic of him also.
Dr. Worthy::The Heat aren't the best team without D-Wade. But who can beat the Heat in a series? They are the 2 time defending champs, and it's hard to beat the incumbents. When healthy, they still have as good a chance as anybody to win it all again.
michaela::Good game by Atlanta!
Darth Apollyon::Sincerely I do not think the Heat are going to play hard this year.  They know thy have the second spot for the playoffs locked, so they will try not to wear themselves out.  That course of action have its pro and con of course.  You will have rested players ready for another playoffs run, but you will also have lazy players that accustomed themselves to not play hard during the season.  Not only that but they have done next to nothing to adjust their rebounds problems,  and they have some players that were not in the team last season they are not giving minutes to play.  That could hurt chemistry and roles.  At the very least they should try to win the should be winnable games, and rest against the tough opponents so the opponents wear themselves out, or the opposite, play hard against good teams and play easy against bottom to mid teams.  However the second option could backfire bug time.
Damon::Miami is so disappointing this year. It seems like no one outside of LBJ gives a #$%$. Mario is not an attacker (which is where they get abused), Wade is not even a factor (whenever he do decides to suit up), Anderson is another non-factor this year. There best 3pt shooter (Jones), gets absolutely no playing time (Coach is not coaching). Instead, he leaves Bosh or Beasley to hoist up 3's. Shane is a non-factor and definitely should not be a starter over Lewis. Mason Jr. should have been let go also. Use the money to get someone that will play at least. Let Spo go and get a coach that will motivate. Spo was great in the past, even though you cant be too wrong with the Big 3 doing their thing. Now that Bosh is not consistent with scoring and Wade hardly ever plays anymore, Spo's true coaching ability comes to light and it's not very bright at all.
Femi::Another lame #$%$ defensive effort. Another lame #$%$ loss.
Guest::ESPN announcer is such an idiot. One minute he says the Heat defense is better then the Hawks, then says Heat defense hasn't shown up.
bgood2life::The Miami Heat will be a worn and tired team, by the time they meet the Indiana Pacers in the Eastern Conference finals,if they make it that far.
I State Facts And You Get Mad::ill never understand Miami's offense... Cole has more shot attempts than Allen... Allen and Battier shoot 100% and both get 0 shot attempts in the second half... Chalmers is -17 yet gets so much playing time... Fire Spo while they have time... The guy is so lost, he cant even motivate his players to play...  Imagine if Pop was the coach of this team... Every player on that team would have been benched at least once this season
EvO GMEbak::Refs will definitely help the cheaters! But go Atlanta! Burn and bury them alive!
