pooh bear v::Raptors suck
pooh bear v::Timberwolves suck
Leafsfankenny67::We might not be a powerhouse team ,but we OWN Minnesota
toronto-vigilante3::RAPS WIN!!!!
MJ__The ___GREATEST::How is it humanly posible that 7' tall guy (Bargani) plays 24 minutes and collect only one rebound???  If he was running away from the ball every time - he would surely still be able to get more rebounds as some balls would fall in his lap for rebound....
toronto-vigilante3::as some balls would fall in his lap... _____________________________  That joke just wrote itself.
High Tolerance When Yo Age Dont Exist::Man...AK47 and Roy are both injury prone and two best starters are out...this could all end badly...
Zeke Mansfield::what's with the cat avatars??
Percy is Starvin::Adelman needs to figure things outs.  With Love and Rubio out for the time being, Pek and AK47 need to play at least 35 minutes per game.
NOPITYinMYCITY::Bring Roy back to Portland
MJ__The ___GREATEST::Roy = bad signing
CandySparker::Get on board a playoff-bound AK47.
kiss_thee_ring::DERICK WILLIAMS IS A BUST
htabbach::Why? He played good last night, Adelman does not like him, and this is not fair to Derrick. He should be playing a lot more minutes so he can develop to his potential. The more I think about it, MN made a mistake drafting him. He should have been drafted by a team that is rebuilding as it is usually the case when teams have the #2 pick, not a team that wants to win now.  He is not getting his chance because his coach does not like him and the fans have no problem calling him a bust early, he is only 21!
convolutedthought::lowry is good...dont know why houston didnt pay him
torrtis::He did not get along with McHale, that's why.
sgates1967::Started betting with a system called Sportsbettingstar now for a couple of months. I found this online on the first page of google by searching the words sports betting system. Since I started I have made around $3,000 a month just following it. It is by far the best system I have ever tried in many years of betting
MBC32AMG350Z::It's nice to see AK47 back in the league and playing well. He has always been a threat on both ends. I just hope h can stay healthy. I am a Jazz fan, and that was the biggest dissapointment about him. After we signed him to the max deal he never was healthy. I really think, depending on health, he can really help Minnesota, especially after Love comes back and if Rubio is able to make it back later this season.
BaySports226::Unfortunately, don't think Roy will last long.
Mr Calogero::RAPTORS ALL DAY. YESSSSSSSIR.
Fingering_Hanna_Storms__Butt_H0le_andVajayjay::Fingering_Hanna_Storms__Butt_H0le_andVajayjay  I just j!zzed all over Hannas skinny back side     Hanna is my c u m dumpster j 1 sm m0pper     Linda C0hn is my #1 fluffer
Fingering_Hanna_Storms__Butt_H0le_andVajayjay::Fingering_Hanna_Storms__Butt_H0le_andVajayjay I just j!zzed all over Hannas skinny back side    Hanna is my c u m dumpster $@%!-m0pper    Linda C0hn is my #1 fluffer
lakers2013champsz::rod strickland &gt; lebron
uw2100::start stiemsma
Julito0813::if jj dont play tomorrow we lost .
PortBlazerFan22::Looks like Kahn might realize now why Portland used the amnesty clause on B.Roy...lol
xBudRadx::What is the former All-Star Roy doing?
Delontes Alter Ego::Wolves aren't making the playoffs.
MBC32AMG350Z::If Love and Rubio were healthy, they would have a great shot, but with both out, Rubio not until Feburary, I highly doubt they will, but I have seen crazier things happen so I won't say that wontZ
FIXisIN2012::Well just great !  A loss to the crappy Raptors.  Got to LOVE not having Love and Rubio.  My poor Wolves.
bradwinsall::Come on y'all. This came down to 1 simple thing. It was on NBA TV so I hope at least some of you watched it. Anyways, 24 turnovers and Toronto got 32 points off of them. TOs also led to a 90 to 64 discrepancy in FG attempts. That is all. Its not Roy, shved, steis, dwill or anyone's fault of not playing well. They shot the ball at the basket pretty much 3 times for our 2. Shved looks very intimidated out there, lacking confidence and unsure of his game. Only his 2nd nba game tho. Barea got concussed, he will be fine.
Antsea91::thanks for paraphrasing everything that was in the article...
The Big Leprachaun::Shved is terrible. In the NBA....why? Kirilenko will be good with Rubio back. The team overall will be so much better with Love &amp; Ricky back....just need to struggle through 4-5 weeks....
FIXisIN2012::losing to Toronto at any time really stinks  had a chance to get a cushion going 2-0 and didn't .... rrrrr
The Big Leprachaun::Russell Westbrook now&gt; Steve Nash now
zachrlee::Landry Fields is still a dud with his usual 5 points and 2 turnovers per game. How much did the Raptors pay for his services?
Mehta25::Hope the Wolves fans are enjoying Steisma!
jmiller21mc::Much. He is awesome
imasportsaholic::Commanding General and the local addmiral of the fleet in Behnghazi mysteriously retired in the last 48 hours.  obummer will be guilty of letting 4 of our best get slaughtered like lambs.
tjroden05::I guess that's impornt but why here?
TorontoSportsDynasty::Bargnani is frustrating....
19brom::iknow..... 1 rebound
goodfellanate::Is it too early to call Derrick Williams a bust?
tjroden05::I think it is.  But by playing an aging Kirilenko with Williams Wolves really don't have a small forward on the floor in that combo.  At his point in his career Kirilenko is more of a small ball power forward.  I don't know why this team can't seem to find a bonafide shooting guard or small forward; of course Roy could blow that theory up if he surprises us all and plays 70 games.
.NYC IS THE BEST 68::KD bout to get his First NBA triple double today.
Heat_Raptors_BlueJays::I honestly see Bargnani being traded..... this guy sucks now for real..... his best season was his rookie year
matt.mckay::Jesus christ it's the third game! Relax u crazy Raptors fans!
.NYC IS THE BEST 68::Relax, he can still put up 25 a game.
Heat_Raptors_BlueJays::his work ethic sucks... he doesn't have the drive to be great
zgemboha::yeah, but if he take 15-20 shots per game, he can`t be central figure in any team, this raptors expect too much from him, he doen`t have that quality
Heat_Raptors_BlueJays::those days are over..... BC will jump on any good deal he gets for him
HeatManZE.....::the white guys lose
colin55422::Might have been worth the risk, but was he really the Wolves best option at the 2?  There's nobody else.
colin55422::And even the one black guy we have isn't even close to what he once was.  Roy looks old. He's made a ton of. Ash so he'll be alright, but CAN'T play in this league anymore.  Guess the Wolves were the lucky ones in the Brandon Roy lottery.
eliotjanhoward::isnt the second year a team option - if he sucks, he sucks but worth a shot
eliotjanhoward::kinda like the raptors
Heat_Raptors_BlueJays::Wolves suck anyways... they were never good
Qazny::wolves would have one with rubio and love
eliotjanhoward::yo das racist
TBLASTER5::Are all the pre/post game shows on FSN going to be like this?
.NYC IS THE BEST 68::Vote for Lowry for all star Starter. Best PG in the EAST so far. F.u.c.k popularity is all about how you play.
gri400::hopefully his stats will get him in, because he'll never get the vote over rondo, D-will or hell even rose (if people can still vote for injured guys, Yao got voted into a few like that i think)
zgemboha::Rose won`t play a single game until play-off
.NYC IS THE BEST 68::but he played the first couple of week. he got injured after that Ballot was release. Rose won't be on that list.
Heat_Raptors_BlueJays::remember Yao Ming? ... he barley played but still managed to start
eliotjanhoward::d rose aint playing until spring. did you mean d-will?
Heat_Raptors_BlueJays::D-Rose or Rondo will win the starting spot
.NYC IS THE BEST 68::He won't play till March.
Shwaguy::I love him so far too, but it's only been 3 games so far.
Heat_Raptors_BlueJays::how did we miss the playoffs in 2009-2010?
.NYC IS THE BEST 68::Bosh injury
.NYC IS THE BEST 68::IDK how we had a better team then Heat,Bobcats,Bulls,Bucks.
Heat_Raptors_BlueJays::we were 5th before the NBA allstar games and it went downhill from there
Emaad13::"injury"*
colin55422::I'm sure this has been said already, but Brandon Roy is a shell of his former self, and Shved has no business being in the NBA. Kirilinko looks like a nice pickup, but without Love and Rubio, it's going to be hard to win games.  Why did Barea only get 9 minutes tonight?
eliotjanhoward::yeah roy is too slow, too bad he was a top 10 player
gri400::he got a concussion
wnsj89::injured
Leafsfankenny67::Argos in playoffs . Raptors win. Toronto Rock start shortly.I am happy
Leafsfankenny67::Lol. No LEAFS . Or blue jays playoffs.that sucks
wnsj89::Marlies are defending western conference champs though
wnsj89::aaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggooooooooooooooooooooooooossssssssssssss
wnsj89::lowry is such a beast
dont_hate_the_playa_hate_the_game::i think i figured out something. the nba takes all the waste players and put them on 2 or 3 teams; one is minnesota. budinger, roy, and berea all suck balls. good thing i took toronto tonight.
colin55422::Rick Adelman claims he's got the guys he wants now. Got rid of Beasley. Wes Johson, Darko and others to bring in the guys you see now.  Still no athletic 2 guard on the roster.
.NYC IS THE BEST 68::imagine Lowry and Harden together. Rockets messed up.
jays hit moonshots::they got harden with the rapps draft pick though
dlhouse18::Can't even call this professional basketball. $@%! YOU WOLVES!!!!!!!!!!!
secueritae::Lowry vs Westbrook on wednesday
gri400::that'll be really fun to watch
secueritae::Yea will be a great test for Lowry
DR HORSE::raps look like a solid team this year . i think they can hold it together and get  about 35 wins
eliotjanhoward::toronto is young too, jonas could be a stud
eliotjanhoward::theyll be pretty good, and theyll get a lot of wins against the terrible east bottom feeders, best case scenario they could make the playoffs
gri400::best case is a 8th and a 1st round beatdown but that would be a good step forward. even finishing 9th/10th is a good step forward
jays hit moonshots::if the raps get rid of bargnani 37 if they keep him 20
gri400::i'm sticking to a 40-42 predication
Leafsfankenny67::Raps win!!!!!
Dablues37d::We own the t- wolves
colin55422::Always glad to see a kid from DeLaSalle hooping in the NBA, even if it is at the Wolves expense.  GG Alan Anderson!
goeast12::I graduated from De, so it's nice to see. Too bad Royce was kicked out of De, or there could have been another one playing this year.
Kev_010::This is what wolves deserve for having an almost all white roster.
meth0z::Raptors used to be the all white roster
