ryet198123::Timmy...still gettin the job done.  That's what legends do.  Take some notes KG.
The_Devlin::Would any Spurs fans pull the trigger on this deal?  Trade Richard Jefferson, DeJuan Blair and a 1st rd pick for the Bobcat's Tyrus Thomas.
John Michael00::too much giving up.
The_Devlin::Duncan 3 Finals MVPs &gt; Kobe 2 Finals MVPs
ZachC1965::Duncan &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Kobe
FullMetalTiger::Man, oh, man...this has been a rough sports month for New Orleans. You know it's been rough when the brightest spot was Tulane hiring a new football coach....  I don't believe the Hornets, even without CP3 and David "The Perrenial Whiner" West, are as bad as their record indicates, but it's just not translating into wins right now. Monty Williams's days may be numbered as coach....
mphilip87::Lebron: So..when can i call myself great? Kobe: Just be a 13x NBA All-star, win 5 titles and be the finals MVP 2 times... Jordan: ...Then win 1 more title be an All star 1 more time, a finals MVP 4 more times, become the season MVP 5x and u got it kid!
The_Devlin::Kobe:  After you ride Shaq's coat tails to 3 rings and then win 2 more as the best player on the team.
ZachC1965::Bill Russell: Then win five more titles and call me in the morning...
CosmoKramer1444::WIN WIN WIN
MadddSammyboy::Pretty much.
atlkee1787::Timmy D............ Greatest PF ever
Spursdc::Landry was about to cry
terpsravensmavs::Why does Monty keep leaving the same guys in at the end of these close games? Sure Jack can score, but the rest are questionable. They've lost too many games in the 4th. I blame the coach.
burritochits::These poor defensive efforts from the Spurs are starting to become annoying. I know Ginobli being out hurts not only offensively but defensively as well, but they need to figure something out and play at least .600 ball until he returns and it starts with better defense.
brandonspurs4ever::Give it time and the Spurs will get on a hot streak like they do every year.  We also normally hit our stride during the rodeo road trip, which is coming up soon. We'll see how tough we really are after that's done with.  It's also wonderful to see Timmy playing much better this year but I guess he's had to since Manu went down.  Good to see he still has the touch and it just goes to show why he is the greatest power forward ever.
milw-jay::The trade of CP3 was supposed to help the Hornets, right??  Wasnt that what the commish was all about??
lsiberian::They lost by 2 to last years 1 seed.
wildgrimlin1::Does ANYONE know what happened to Kawhi Leonard? Did anyone on here even watch the game???
My Neighborhood::According to Jeff McDonald at Spurs Nation, it sounds like Popovich benched him to teach him some kinda of rookie lesson.  Pop didn't admit to it but he also compared him to Bruce Bowen so he must think he's got skills.  This team has got depth and veteran leadership so why not teach the rook a leason?!  Might have to drop him from my fantasy!
My Neighborhood::Dittoooooo
Tchaikovsky08::I'm wondering the same thing
aggiety2006::timmy d still got it my man
spurscowboys1312::GO SPURS GO!!!
darrallsmith::what happened to Leonard? Only 7 mins? Injury???
BigTigerFan2003::What happens to the Hornets in the last 2 minutes of every game... pathetic
rtharrs23::What happened to Kawhi?
beir_beer::Lol New Orleans still blows
ltdee1970::just like your mom and sister!!!
lewisrush12::Watching Duncan throw down 28 points...and hit the game winner.  Man, what a great nostalgic feeling I had watching this game.
lewisrush12::Yeah,  but it was just good seeing that he still had it in him....all I'm saying.
MadddSammyboy::It brings back memories of vintage Duncan. It's just too bad that he'll need, like, twenty-three days of rest to recover.
Spursdc::The other team score 102 pts. There was nothing nostalgic about the victory
MadddSammyboy::It's kind of satisfying, knowing that the Spurs have twice as many road wins as the Lakers.
Spursdc::And we will still only have twice as many road wins
MadddSammyboy::Hahaha.... nice.
FrankPistachio211::The Laker$ are going 1-32 on the road this year. Book it.
MadddSammyboy::Hell, yeah. Booked.
gt1master_ike::This game actually much closer than i expected. Hornets actually hung tough but its all good  Andre Drummond, Anthony Davis, here we come.
Ucantryit::Better off with Barnes or Drummond. Davis is to light in the $@% &amp; Cal is playing him out of position. Don't get me wrong Davis is a good pick if NO can keep him past his first contract &amp; let him gain weight while learnin.g to play with his back to the basket
KeMvP277::Sullinger?
gt1master_ike::I rather have drummond or davis over sullinger. Even barnes too
KeMvP277::I'm so done with this joke of a coach monty williams. He doesn't even care that Gordon is still out, so he obviously doesn't care about this season, he decides to play landry 9 minutes in 4 straight games before playing him for 20+ in the past two, and he designs a play for him to take a 3 when we have shooters like jack, bellinelli, vasquez, summers, smith, aminu, and ariza. but no, it's landry taking the shot.
Spursdc::Happy because we beat a 3-13 team. Pretty lame
SteelersSpursDodgers::every win counts...
MadddSammyboy::Yeah, it ain't what it used to be.
seferson::man that was some vintage timmy D, hornets played their best game of the season but the refs didn't help their cause either
Spurzoffury::At least the Spurs didn't let it slip away!
FrankPistachio211::That last-second play-calling by Monty Williams was almost as brilliant as Mike Clown's last-second play-calling.
FrankPistachio211::HAHAHAHAHA!!!
MadddSammyboy::The play got broken; that's why Landry had to shoot the shot. Originally, Monty drew up a play where Jarrett Jack was supposed to dribble the ball off his own foot and out of bounds.
Spursdc::lmao
gt1master_ike::when in doubt give the ball to Kobe and let him bail out the team
gt1master_ike::wow and they call him MR. CLutch LOL
FrankPistachio211::Well, in his career, Kobe has "bailed his team out" an amazing 31% of the time.
Spursdc::I had a D.fisher flashbacks
FrankPistachio211::I hope Ginobili's healing process is ahead of schedule...
Spursdc::Middle Feb the earliest. More likely march. He is old
Spurzoffury::Me too !
MadddSammyboy::I hope his age-reversing process is ALSO ahead of schedule.
CosmoKramer1444::10 bucks says Matt Bonner bricks at least 5 threes tonight has to be the best name EVER.
Spurzoffury::Duncan was ice cold when he hit the winning basket!
triggahappy74::Tp finally played a good game keep it up and we'll be good til manu get back
frytekpl::What happen to Kwai
tkennedy2010::seriously, he only put up 1 shot hahaha forreal?!?!?!?!?1
frytekpl::He payed40 min now 3 makes no sense
Spurzoffury::NOthing he did not play much tonight he is ok
10 bucks says Matt Bonner bricks at least 5 threes tonight::Dead.
Jules..::Congrats Spurs fans.
MadddSammyboy::Thanks, Homey!
Bucman567::Another tough loss for the Hornets.
Spurzoffury::A little faith goes a long way! Go Spurs Go!
gt1master_ike::What a well drawn up play  <i> a Landry 29 foot 3 pointer </i>
10 bucks says Matt Bonner bricks at least 5 threes tonight::COY material.
Hi i love my bike::is it tied right now?
cowboysspurs20::Not impressive, but a win's a win
Spurzoffury::Spurz win!!!!!!
10 bucks says Matt Bonner bricks at least 5 threes tonight::Knowing this Spurs team, NO scores a 3 from the other end of the court.
Spursdc::Remember he did that to shaq
cowboysspurs20::I have a bad feeling right now
MadddSammyboy::"Oh, so THAT'S how it's done."  - Kobe Bryant
FrankPistachio211::LMAO!
Jules..::Oh no you DIDN'T.
Samoscamo::This and the OP are both correct statements, which is what makes Kobe a very interesting "Mr. Clutch".
simpsonpower::kobe is amazing
Jules..::I did.
MadddSammyboy::I did, I did... but you giggled just a little. We both know you did.
triggahappy74::Timmyyy
Jules..::1  .4
Bucman567::Helter Skelter.
Spurzoffury::Defense!
gt1master_ike::And of course Duncan ices its  $@%!
kush manbear::PIMP
