Richie$::Nobody really understands how terrible of a coach Mike Brown is.  He can't develop young players at all.  He has no idea how to run a offense if LBJ is not doing it for him.  At best he should be a D coordinator because he knows how to get them to play D.
Doze::Blazers have a pretty damn good "shooting backcourt" as well as a legit defense and post presence to compliment it ... Built eerily similar to the dubs (gaurds who can stroke, def stopper in the middle, versatile do-it-all defender @ the 3 and jump shooting and glass eating pfs) L-Train's work on the block, a deeper bench and team D however seem to put the Blazers over the top; love their substance over style way of doing things ... Great to see Portland (historically one of the most rabid fan-bases in the leleague) have a team to get excited abt agn; the jailbirds and frailbirds were tough times
HughJohnson::Hey Cleveland Fans, you guys have a good team., they played hard, fought back from 10 down, good game!
RC::cleveland on paper looks a lot better than their record is...bynum, irving, waiters - 3 potential stars if bynum can stay healthy & get himself back into shape. thompson & varejao are decent pfs, jack is always good off the bench...the other guys should basically be unselfish role players who can defend. looks like they will be adding another lottery pick next year...if they can get another player or 2, let this team gel they could be winning by next year.
Jethro & Granny::I hope that the young developing Cleveland team is at least competitive against an excellent Portland team and can keep the score close, at least until the 4th Q.  Then again, if Cleveland's battered center 1-2 combo (Andrew and Andy) have a good game, they might even surprise Portland.  For Cleveland the centers are the key.
Coach::Is Anthony Bennett the worst 1st pick ever?
- LJ::hater gonna hate but the super rookie top overall pick is shooting 100% in this game...
MJ Btics::Another no playoff year for Cleveland. Just in time for Kyrie contract to expire so he can take his talents elsewhere. Also, Browns are a quarterback away from being a contender (since 1999)
Commenter::Spikes wants to be my personal conduit to Ebonic translation. Thank you Spike, on this board your services will probably prove invaluable.
HughJohnson::Damian Lillard has ice water in his veins!!!!!!   Rip City!!!
