Mark Wilson::This is what happens when the NBA's best run franchise plays against it's worst.
Alan Hickman::agreed
Tatyana Kuptsevich::I was there, awesome game. Didn't understand why the obnoxious Knicks fans were booing the Spurs for making buckets (and who the hell boos Timmy? that's just wrong), when they should've been booing the Knicks players for playing like sh**. No one except Melo on the boards, the rim wide open, poor shot selection in isolation against a good defensive team. The Spurs would've won by 50 with 60% FG if Pop didn't rest his starters in the 4th. When guys like Baynes and Ayres are allowed to shoot midrange jumpers they can't make for no reason whatsoever, you know it's a complete blowout. Knicks should be embarrassed.
Andrew Little::Everyone is talking about how bad the Knicks are.  It didn't help that the Spurs are an excellent team, as well.  They are a complete team.  Typical..people always taking away from a Spurs victory.
Mark Guerrero::Nobody cares about the spurs. Everyone knows they are legit contenders to win the west. The Knicks fans overhyping their pathetic franchise on a yearly basis annoying everyone with their comical rants gives knick haters like me a good excuse to bash them every day
Bob DuMars::Knicks are so overrated.
Rob Kelly::Knicks have an ugly roster ridden with chuckers and soft defenders - this was expected.
Michael Illiano::I am glad the idiot public overreacts, this way when the lines come out overinflated at the beginning of the year i can take the under 50.5 like i did on the Knicks.
Anthony Taste::Knicks start of the season is pretty comical to watch. What a horrible mix of players. Bargnani and jr smith who knicks fans are excited two types of players who will never win you a ship. As long as Dolans owner Knicks will never win. Most laughable managed team in basketball
Julie Price::Thought the East was supposed to be better? lol Looks like the East is just Miami and Indiana.
Andrew Walbert::LOL @ the Knicks D
Will Bernanke::these organizations are light years apart,  i feel sorry for delusional knick fans,  better off rooting for spurs since they do things the right way
Jeremy Lugo::GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! SPURS!!!!! GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
Luc Whissell::Bargnani is 7 feet tall and gets 1 rebound the whole game, and averages 3.2 during the season? Pathetic POS.
Hex Effect::Worst signing of the offseason. Dude's softer than Gasol.
Nick Renzetti Jr.::Charles Smith called. He said Charmin isn't as soft as Bargnani is.
Billy McBride::As a raptor fan I feel for you guys. This isn't an off game for AB, this is normal for him.
Andre Caesar Anderson::And our Knicks are "Back to life, back to reality."  Thanks Mr Dolan, now please sell.  Go NY.
Nick Renzetti Jr.::Soul II Soul. Heard that song today on the 80s on 8 Top 40 Countdown from Nov. 8, 1989.
Shawn Bento::The return of JR Brick won't help this sorry team.
Sophia-Alwina Simon::just what to expect! hahaha.. Go Spurs Go!
Deborah Jennings::knicks r garbage worst team on defense  and i know tyson out but they were garbage with him in the line up
Jonathan Huhn::Spurs are the best overall team in the last 2 decades.
Deep Dish Conversation::from the last 13 years*. the 2x 3-peat Bulls would handle the best Spurs team from the last "2 decades"
Rob Loveday::Deep Dish Conversation Maybe. Maybe not.
Sam Saenz::Deep Dish Conversation 05 Spurs with Bowen and PRIME Duncan+Ginobili would give those Bulls a run for their money and maybe even win. Yeah Jordan is Jordan but who stops Duncan?
Royal Nation::NO CHANCE !! SPURS NATION
Michael Killebrew::Go Spurs Go!
Manfred Elezovski::Tired of everyone blaming player effort.  Woodson doesn't know how and when to use his players or how to make a defensive adjustment. He is a terrible coach who consistently gets out coached by other better coaches.
Harry Balzanya::yes. Have been saying this for a while. No creativity at all
Nerissa C. Valido::Spur's clinic at MSG well done San Antonio Spurs from B/R
Acevedo Frankie::Embarrassing I'm so pissed off I check the score to see this well guess espn was right knicks will finish 37-45, melo says no they won't lets see !!
Jack Huang::And you believe everything Melo has said till this point!!  He talks big game but he can't back it up.  What an overrated f***!!
Shanny Salcedo::The Spurs seem to get better with age....Scary team.....Hope my grizzlies don't face them in the playoffs again
Tom De Vogelaere::the gap between the Knicks and top of the east , meaning Indiana and Miami, is getting wider really fast.
Jack Huang::AH........ don't forget the Bulls and the Nets!  The Knicks are simply not in the same league as these four teams in the East.
Mark Sugimoto::Face it Knicks fans, Carmelo Anthony will NEVER lead this team or any other to an NBA title.
Scott Baker::Melo is no Duncan, Kobe, MJ, Lebron. He is a 3rd rate talent and will always be so.
Hero Miles::But...but he's always the best player in international play. That has to count for something right?
Jack Huang::OMG you really believe Melo is a talent??  I really don't believe what I am reading now.  Think I need a cold beer!
Tiffany Seltzer Green::great effort knicks!!!!!!!!!!!
Tatyana Kuptsevich::What effort? Spurs had a huge number of easy layups and wiiiiide-open 3s.
Gunawan Marwoko Saputro::Tatyana Kuptsevich , it's called sarcasm in USA, right ? :)
