Good sport333::how come all the superstar laden teams have problems winnig on the road.  it makes thier records and feats unbelievable to other fans.  greatness carries reciprocity? or maybe not so much in today's nba
benjisco::Just got my poster from the Christmas Day game when KD faked Lebaby out of his jock and had the Monster Jam in crunch time with 44 seconds left. James' face looks like a deer in the headlights of an 18wheeler doing 75 mph 50 feet away. If James was tired he should have been on the bench. His lack of defense kept Ok.City in the game.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::GO PISTONS!!!!
Beanslams46::They'll never stop me from kicking in the nutz.  --wade?
kidd54j::love wade or hate him the heat are not going no where if he doesnt play....
trashami cheat::The Heat ain't going no where regardless....
Detroit is dominating the Heat::Leave it to Heat fans to bring up stat lines on a loss lmao pathetic
Good sport333::lebron is 6-5 when he takes his show on the road, kobe worst,  D. Rose on the other hand never dissappoints
Detroit is dominating the Heat::Lmao Heat are a joke and the Miami fans are fake and gay
Slimslamshady::Dwayne Wade not playing should not be an excused for allowing 109 points against a 10-22 team the pistons. The lack of defense here is outrages.  To lose to teams like the wizard and the pistons is pathetic, but this is only the beginning of the season, so we will just have to wait until the playoff to see what they're made of.
markh96::This was a game in which Lebron probably should have just taken over late in the 4th quarter. He was getting double teamed and was doing a great job of finding the open man, but nobody was making shots other than Bosh. I think he had something like just 2 points in the final 6 minutes. If he would have just taken the scoring into his own hands, I think Miami would have had a better shot, but clearly the loss falls on Ray Allen and the rest of the role players who were getting great looks but just couldn't connect. Not to mention Ray's defense was absolutely porous; granted it seemed like Detroit couldn't miss, but still, Ray and Chalmers were constantly getting blown right past by Will Bynum.
Good sport333::he did his job lol
Beanslams46::We're talkin' fourth quarter here, that's like AI taking over practice.
Melchizedek99::Dwade is the cHEATs best player huh?
rod5437::The heat have to get better  defensively to sustain runs against them on the road. U can't win championships by being up 15 only to be down by 17 later on. That's a 32 pt swing. No matter how hot an opponent, no one should run up big numbers like that if u expect to compete.
dunkasaurus rex::the heat lost on purpose to justify their pathetic whining to the league
junjunm3::Had the NBA not wussified the league, virtually eliminating defenses like the Jordan Rules and the like, I can only imagine the amount of crying the Wades, Lebrons, Kobes, and the like would be doing. Jordan and other stars back then took their lumps but they just kept at it and won because they know that's how it is back then.
a617guy::Allen 3-13 bahahahahah   way to step up with Wade out
derek_510::i believe allen is mostly on that team for their playoff games.  this game doesn't mean much, and i'm not at all a heat fan.
TwiztidKennyD::LeBron James had 35 Pts (15-22 FG), 6 Reb, 5 Ast, 6 Stl and 1 Blk. The list of players to do that while shooting better than 60% in a game over the past 25 seasons: LeBron James Scottie Pippen Michael Jordan Charles Barkley.  goat
Aziz61500::Yeah he had a great stat line but it didnt look like he was giving it his all. He wasnt attacking at all and just kept passing. Also as soon as he sees a sign of a double team he quickly passes the ball...he has to learn to run the opposite way and attack like Jordan would do. Look how they tried to trap/double Will Bynum, he would just dribble out of the way and not pass and then the help defender would go back.
TwiztidKennyD::We only lose when we give up 14+ threes.  lol no bigge
TwiztidKennyD::It was the Pistons NBA finals last night
Supreme_Grand_King_Kai::we dont always lose, but when we do its to the wizards, pistons and warriors -heat
derek_510::alright man they lost to other teams, you putting the warriors there, i'm taking that as a sign of disrespect.  warriors are ballin' better than both of your teams right now (yes, even though they lost to the lakers everyone has their fluke games)
18jbryant23::i have a question for people who hate on fans of the Heat, fake fans or w/e u feel like calling them, whats the purpose of it? Also for people who judge the Heat for combining All-stars on one team, what about the Celtics? they did that. the Lakers, they do that constantly, the Nets are trying to do that(not working yet). oh yeah, them Knicks, they have 3 legit All-stars. But yet everyone continuously wants to hate on the Heat, Pathetic. just enjoy basketball people.
MadDominican23::It's called envy.  Envy brings out the worst in people.  Insecure internet freaks have nothing better to do than to express their frustration online hiding their pathetic existence behind a monitor.  People hate the Heat because they made themselves relevant by signing 2 of the best players in the world and a legit all star PF in one summer.  They outsmarted the hole league and did what they had to do to become a  contender and start their own legacy as a team. Losers love to hate on others success and that's exactly what this idiots will do for as long as they can breathe in this world.  Hope that explains why people hate on the Heat.
Maniacpkt::Lakers have been doing what the heat did for years...  if the lakers had done what the heat did, no one would have said a word about it
18jbryant23::ok so they gave up players to get All-Stars, the Heat got them in free Agency, no difference. they still joined up to create a superteam. KG couldnt win w/ the Wolves, Pierce couldnt do it by himself, neither could Ray-ray, all teams stack up and create super teams. the hate is ridiculous and obsurd. people should just appreciate basketball and the talent displayed in todays game.
nba is the worst::Sure there's a difference, players colluding with a GM is against the rules.
nba is the worst::The difference is those other teams traded for players
white rob parker::the only reason we beat the bobcats is because joey crawford sucked me off like always before and after the game! oh he stopped in the locker room at halftime too!  -Lebron
oblique15::no thats Wade why do you think hes always faking injuries then going to the back ? Hes handeling D Stern
white rob parker::well there we have it they all have those tendencies!
bankerelm::joey going down hahaha
oblique15::Ray Allen plan on doing something? I geuss he wants to get carried to a title then act like he had something to do with it.
18jbryant23::kinda like how KG(after he left the Wolves) had to get carried to a title with Peirce, Rondo and Allen too? oh wait, they all helped each other out by joined up right?.. i mean thats what ur issue is isnt it?.. mad bc Ray-Ray left. Id leave too bc that team is on its way to a rebuilding stage.
bankerelm::ray allen lost my respect.
oblique15::Hes an overated one trick pony
white rob parker::i swam from cuba just to be a heat fan when lebron showed up!   -heat fan
18jbryant23::who is your team bankerelm?
bankerelm::i rather stay in cuba than to be a heat fan
19..Jim..60::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
white rob parker::i never watched the heat play until lebron showed up! now i'm the biggest fan!!!!!!!!!!
GILAX92::I am a huge Pistons fan but I am honestly surprised by this game. The pistons still have yet to figure everything out that they need too.
kingtai01::And Drummond, the dude is a super beast...
bankerelm::too many young players. they need some veteran players. Build around Monroe. That guy is a beast
white rob parker::i jumped on the bandwagon when lebron showed up!   -Heat fan
bankerelm::typical heat fan
bankerelm::how about those bandwagon heat fans
bankerelm::how about those spurs benchwarmers
bankerelm::how about those knicks twice
bankerelm::how about those wizards
white rob parker::joey crawford likes being between my legs looking up with his mouth open!   -Lebron
bankerelm::how about them pistons
lebron-is-a-champion::peace out
flexbs::me too later it was fun man..
lebron-is-a-champion::later
bamberg1977::Stop wearing jean shorts:   "Hamilton is an above average scorer.  And therefore – given how scoring totals drive wages in the NBA – we should not be surprised that Hamilton will be paid more than $100 million in his NBA career." http://wagesofwins.com/2011/01/21/the-pistons-finally-learn-the-rip-hamilton-contract-extensions-was-not-a-great-idea/
flexbs::no he went to run some laps like I told him to, to release some anger. He will be back.
bamberg1977::Since when this article was written he was bought out and signed a 3 year deal, I have to believe he's over 100 mill or about to go over this year.
lebron-is-a-champion::his mom needed to use the computer he's gone
stop wearing jean shorts::Wade is a bytch... Lebron is a flopper...and Ray Allen is a backstabber
lebron-is-a-champion::ok now you sound very very very BUTTHURT.
flexbs::mad
Ryan8791::Alonzo Mourning and Shaq are the only cool Heat players ever... Mike Miller is just one ugly SOB
lebron-is-a-champion::this is a serious question though: anyone know where rashard lewis has been?? why has he not played?
flexbs::not sure man i think dfense is the issue
lebron-is-a-champion::maybe. he hasnt played a minute in so long!
stop wearing jean shorts::ask Lebron's girlfriend.
flexbs::very mad
lebron-is-a-champion::can u stop with the stupid remarks and answer the question. if you dont know, then dont comment please
SC2DC::I love Ray Allen but he needs to step up
flexbs::wait till the playoff. I think he will
lebron-is-a-champion::yes, he does. i think he rebound from this awful game though
stop wearing jean shorts::Here's a curveball for everybody....only 2 NBA players in history have won an NCAA championship and an NBA championship and made over $100 million in their career...  one is Michael Jordan....the other?  You might be surprised by the answer.
flexbs::i dont know, who? dont follow College
stop wearing jean shorts::Answer...Antoine Walker
stop wearing jean shorts::i said you'd be surprised
bamberg1977::Boo. Bench scrub.
SC2DC::who cares????
JeffMGaulin::Grant Hill?
stop wearing jean shorts::nope
bamberg1977::Rips awful close if he hasnt made 100  mill.
bamberg1977::Rip Hamilton?
lebron-is-a-champion::who
lebron-is-a-champion::sorry but your blazers arent winning a ring ANYTIME SOON!
stop wearing jean shorts::unlike you, i'll still be a fan regardless if they win a ring or not.
lebron-is-a-champion::i went through 6 years before winning a ring
lebron-is-a-champion::haha u guys acting all tough hiding behind your computers in your moms basement. 10 year olds
drobfasterthanyou::didnt care for your input on your sexual preferences...
love that joker::actually, i live around the corner from you...meet me up at duffy's beer...i'll be wearing a vikings cap
flexbs::flexbs - really cool I love duffy's. Great food..  oh i left out i am down for some beer but you cant have all this anger you have here. You might beat me up...
flexbs::really cool I love duffy's. Great food..
love that joker::lebron-is-a-champion  carmelo's sperm bank
flexbs::o yeah you are mad. go run some laps outside and come back in when you are calm. lol
flexbs::mad? lol
love that joker::flexbs must be setup for auto-reply...only thing posted is "mad?  lol"
stop wearing jean shorts::dude, you didn't even know who the Heat drafted in 2003...  get out.
drobfasterthanyou::The Pistons are at least smart, their arena is nowhere close to Detroit...
drobfasterthanyou::not top 10 though
drobfasterthanyou::Better than Detroit or Flint- the no. 1 and 2 most dangerous cities in the USA
love that joker::pontiac...hell hole
bamberg1977::Pontiac is up there. All old cities on East side of Michigan are the same, ghetto. But the suburbs are all incredibly nice.
Ryan8791::It's in Auburn Hills which is near Pontiac. Pontiac is also a large sack of crap lol
stop wearing jean shorts::for fake Heat fan   what year did Antoine Walker play for the Heat?  30 seconds...
flexbs::you guys are going to explode with all this anger.
love that joker::no heat fan knows anything that happened prior to 9 months ago
lebron-is-a-champion::06
lebron-is-a-champion::i already knew this...he was with the c's before and got traded to the heat in the 5 team trade
stop wearing jean shorts::hint: they won a ring that year...
bamberg1977::Pistons future is looking awesome. They just need a more dynamic wing who can create. Everything else is set.  People forget BK just turned 21 and he had a great 1-month,  but has gotten bad again lately. My only concern is I dont think BK and Monroe can play in a Frank-type wide open offense. They need more half-court structure. Knight is not a prototype PG you just hand the ball to and say go create plays. He's a great shooter and has all the tools to be a Billups like PG who can run plays
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::I agree, and with Drummond and a great bench, it should make things easier.
love that joker::lebron-is-a-champion - living his dream for 20 minutes on the espn message boards.
flexbs::you must be too Lol
stop wearing jean shorts::for the fake Heat fan...  Who did the Heat pick  in the first round of the draft  in 2003?  10 seconds.
flexbs::a basketball player.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::seriously? D-Wade
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::D-Wade!
lebron-is-a-champion::wade
lebron-is-a-champion::can google even work that fast?
lebron-is-a-champion::i know who it was....im not that stupid
love that joker::took 40 seconds - googled it?
stop wearing jean shorts::googled it huh?
stop wearing jean shorts::i cant believe you dont know this.
drobfasterthanyou::lebron-is-a-champion- how many times have you stuck a guy in the buttt? I know this one's hard, but once again you get 30 secs
flexbs::yup you are mad. Its ok just log off go run some laps to let some steam off. Its ok go wil be ok.
drobfasterthanyou::no, this guy is a moron...
flexbs::ahh another hater getting angry keep it coming
drobfasterthanyou::wrong once again, the answer was INFINITE
drobfasterthanyou::5 sec
drobfasterthanyou::20 sec
love that joker::lebron-is-a-champion - you make that up on your own?
lebron-is-a-champion::what?
Theditkahead::You want to be a farmer, here's a couple of acres!   -Dwayne "D.bag" Wade
love that joker::lebron-is-a-champion...can i take your mom out tonight or do you need the car?
lebron-is-a-champion::good 1!
flexbs::love that joker - lebron-is-a-champion...can i take your mom out tonight or do you need the car?  ah getting mad.. hahahhhahha
lebron-is-a-champion::sorry 0/4!!!!
lebron-is-a-champion::alvin g, pat, spo, svg...they havent had 10 tho
stop wearing jean shorts::Fake Heat fan.
stop wearing jean shorts::Brandon Roy wasn't ROY?
lebron-is-a-champion::they havent even had 10!
stop wearing jean shorts::Name 10 head coaches for the Heat...  30 seconds...  Go.
lebron-is-a-champion::i asked you for TWO ROY's
