Chris M::The sign of a really good team is - WHEN THEY BEAT THE TOP TEAMS IN THEIR CONFERENCE AND LEAGUE.  5-0 now versus OKS, SA and LAC.  Oh yeah, and I believe that was a W against the Spurs.  Quit hating people and just admit these guys are crazy talented and play as a team as well as anyone in the league.  CJ is healthy and Joel starting to show some good signs - improved depth makes this team the favorite out West.  They are in the beginning of one of the toughest road trips of any team in a long time, but the SA win was a darn good start.
Tony::Where are all the Blazer bashers when we take out yet another top tier team on the road? This team is for real and now with McCollum is only going to get better as the season progresses. I have watched the guy play plenty in college and once he is comfortable in this system, he has the ability to change a game all by himself. It's nice too to see Robinson get "hustle minutes." I have said countless times he needs to watch all the video of Jerome Kersey he can find, and copy how Kersey played when on the court. They are both roughly the same size with the same athleticism. Now Robison just needs to work on his mid-range jumper. Portland got a steal when they drafted Kersey late second round, and he ended up being the hardest working player of all time for the Blazers.
David::good hard fought game by both teams but the playoffs are the proving ground for any team up coming or seasoned playoff team ,Portland has been doing well the last few years  hats off too them especially last night they finished good  we will see ya'll in the playoffs
NW X::It's a great day to be a Blazer! Iron Man (Wesley Matthews, San Antonio native) goes 6-7 with 3 pointers.
oregonian::Another great game. Made their free throws.   Go blazers.   Play hard tomorrow
knowenuff::Who is going to take the Western Conference this season?  Give reason/s!!!
clif::McCollum is showing why they drafted him, is Lopez's back going to hold out. L.A. won't get enough respect for MVP and where would they be without Nick  Also I listened to the very FIRST Blazer game  KGAL Lebanon OR
PKM::I seriously might put a huge bet on Spurs +800 to win it all.
Doug::aaaaaand can we have some respect now for Portland, beat OKC twice, home and away, beat SA twice, home and away
Joe::If the Blazers play decent defense we will be hard to stop.  Blazers score 109 points on a bad shooting night.  Can't say I'm not scared of the Spurs though.  Great coaching, great team.  Go Blazers!
