Kevin O'Dowd::Boy Drummond is a huge bust. Lack of motor, doesn't try hard, gets lost easy. Glad he slipped to 9. lol
Alex Brisebois::Said absolutely no one sober.
Joshua Sotello::And the det pistons sweep the heat soon to happen
Alexandre Mallebay-Vacqueur::Drummond is becoming like Dwight Howard in 2009. Straight Beasting
Jr Lopez::Drummonds a beast differnce is he will be on beast mode always when on court...ballin
Kyle Cooper::I'm glad to see the Pistons are starting to be relevant again. Hopefully the down years are behind us. Drummond is really coming along, Jennings looks good. Only thing we need to control in Smith jacking up ill-advised 3 pointers!
Jeeves Sritharan::that's why detroit fired frank...he didn't know how to use drummond  and now he's been "re-assigned" w the nets
Brent B Jacoby::spot on
Michael Joseph Papazian::I hated Frank. He was the worst coach they hired. Just as band as Kuester.
Erik Ferg::Detroit is starting to gel
Michael Joseph Papazian::I completely agree! I was spelling it the same way but I just found out it's spelled like this.    Jell
Michael Joseph Papazian::Pistons are looking great. They beat Miami on the road by 10! That is considered getting beat handily for Miami. Miami has 4 losses. Two of them were by 1 point and the other was by 4. Now that this team can Jell and they have some games under their belt they look like the real deal. It's beginning to look like Cheeks was the right choice.
George Chip Thayer::What makes this an impressive win is the fact they played so well in crushing the Heat.    Hard to maintain focus after an emotional win on a back to back no matter whom the team is on the back side.
Ross Hamby::Crushing is a bit of an overstatement about the win against the Heat...
Eric Bell::Ross Hamby To be fair, a team below .500 beating the Heat by 10 may as well be considered "Crushing" by Heat's standards. If Miami didn't ramp up their game in the 4th quarter, it would have definitely been considered "crushed".
Eric Bell::Stephen Gatecliff Exactly. Don't look at the final score, the Pistons were basically in command the entire game, save for about 5 minutes in the final quarter, in which the Pistons were still leading anyways.
Tar Yak::Pistons 91  Bucks 84
Brent B Jacoby::drummond is the heart and soul of this team. every time he subs out...the other team ALWAYS goes on a run (praying he stays healthy while logging major minutes)
Colin Maresh::Cheeks has done a good job with his minutes, he's only averaging 32.4 per game. Honestly, he should be playing more because we get blown out of the gym when he's on the bench.
Cory Nope::Hes your franchise player. You have to move Monroe to keep him.
Jesse Schave::another loss closer to a possible #1 pick and giannis and hensen logged the most minutes! Its a great night to be a bucks fan!
Sam Bright::This is a big game for the Pistons, coming off the win against the Heat last night worried about a let down.  I unfortunately think the Bucks win by 4 in this one....
Peter Knowe::Bucks a team you can count on to lay down this year even at home
Zach Winiecke::Let's make it 3 straight!
Kevin Farmer::Please do.
Michael Joseph Papazian::Pistons have 3 of their last 4 1st round picks starting and producing. Pope has played better than the number 1 guy Bennett by far. Teams have really helped the Pistons land the picks they needed. How did anybody pass on Drummond or Monroe? They will both eventually be All-Stars.
Jake Gibbs::Joe Dumars was smart enough not to pass on them. I was stunned when Golden State took Udoh over Monroe.  Drummond should have gone 2nd in his draft but the negative press he got scared some gm's away.  Stupid.
Timothy J. Casey::Drummond def should've gone no lower than number 3. It'd be hard to look at either NO or Portland and say they didn't get exactly what they needed out of that draft at 1 and 2.
Jake Gibbs::Timothy J. Casey Portland screwed up.  They already know it.  They hear about it for the next 15 years but the complaints won't be as loud other gm's will hear.
Chris Headley::All offseason I was telling people we shouldn't sign Smith and not to pursue Jennings. Well, look now. Smith has been bad a large mojority of the time, and although Jennings has been ok I don't really like him as a player for the most part. He is better than Knight though, I'll give him that.
Jake Gibbs::Jennings has been very good.  Tons of assists. Very good assists to turnover ratio.  Gets his share of steals.  He's improving.  Good player.
Justin Nixon::Jake Gibbs stats worse across the board this season.. yeah his assists are up, but so are his turnovers, and he's still a defensive liability
Chris Headley::Jake Gibbs He's been solid, I wouldn't say very good. More inconsistent than anything, but that's always been one of his main issues. I mean I don't know what better options we'd have, but I'm just not a big fan of him until he proves me wrong.
Evan Hollnagel::Does any one know if BJ3 (well BJ7 now) was booed or cheered for when he was introduced? I hope he got cheers, he put his all in most games for a team going nowhere fast, deserved the cheers. With that said I hope we lose and can start another L streak and get us that #1 pick
Andrew Gregory Kragt::I'm guessing boos.  He's getting booed everytime he touches the ball.
Robert Fanslau::enough is enough with violet palmer... people dont like at her as a crooked point covering ref because shes a girl but shes either blowing these games on purpose or the worst official in nba history
ANdrew MAlosh::Jennings need to get that average up. 4-16??? 11 assists, I do  like that. I'm starting to like what I see in the Pistons. Just keep the progress up! Long Season.
Ross Hamby::Welcome to the world of Brandon Jennings. He will score 16 a night but shoots 39% in the process.
Peter Knowe::Bucks unable to score inside on Pistons and not hitting long shots, thus only 19 first qrt points Pistons have good lead can they expand lead in 2nd qrt?
Andrew Gregory Kragt::Dre Drummond is only 20 years old!!  Wow, they need to keep him around.  Pay him whatever he wants when his rookie contract expires.
Colin Maresh::Give him the 5 year max extension NOW
Jake Gibbs::Drummond just trying to pad his stats as usual.  I wonder who he signs a long-term deal with when he hits free agency.
Brent B Jacoby::umm the pistons...its called restrictive free agency. watch nba much?
Jake Gibbs::Brent B Jacoby  Didn't say he is going anywhere right now but Drummond will leave the first chance he gets.
Andy Matsushita::The Detroit Pistons are going to dominate
Jake Gibbs::Quit whining Josh Smith shooting the ball.  No other Piston can shoot it.  Smith HAS TO shoot.
Daniel Robinson::the pistons dont do well in games on consecutive days, im a huge pistons fan but i see them losing this one
Mang Artemio::pistons is very inconsistent, what are they doing??? this is an easy win for them
Jake Gibbs::They're tired.
