iBalliGolfiRun::Better PG?  Noah &gt; Rondo
RayNy2ATL::The Celtics may lose 4 of their next 5 games.
nhraven52::Bradley is not the answer, sorry.
Erica6592::Boston will be fine!
Dinosaur Attitude::im wondering why nate isn't starting. clearly he's a better PG than kirk.
hoopcrazy21::kirk isnt asked to score. he plays defense and runs the offense. not necessarily the guy passing to the scorer, but he gets everything moving, and like i said most importantly he plays defense. obviously we are just trying to manage till rose gets back, and kirk starting with nate being a spark off the bench has been working well so far. 14-10 without Rose. i'll take that
DaRealDaBuu::Kirk is awful, he needs to go.
ChippewaDave::Nate is way too inconsistent.  He can be a microwave and heat a team up fast but he also throws up ridiculous shots at bad times.  Good to have him coming off the bench when we need a spark plug but Kirk is the better all around player.  What we need is Rose back.
CTYHNTR::You gotta be kidding, Kirk is terrible, his numbers are a complete joke.  At least you get productivity out of Nate which is way more than I can say about Kirk.  Too many Bulls fans living in the past with this guy.
izzygotgame::Aslong the bulls play quality defense &amp; get all players involved bulls will be a two or 3 seed in ec playoffs. Once or if drose comes back rip hamilton will be back already &amp; rose will be fresh &amp; has learned to be patient at times with his ball play &amp;agressive when its time not the usual reckless abandon he played in the past. So to all cryami heat fans your on the clock &amp; its running out of time! go bulls
ferretluvah2::Quite astonishing what CHI is doing w/o Rose.  I suspected the other CHI players would only get better w/o him.  ..would find their own games w/o him.  When he returns?   CHI is going to be downright nasty.
abovethelies2::As I stated at the beginning of this of this 10 game stretch Boston may win 4 games and will be exposed as a playoff pretender lucky to hang on to the 6th or 7th seed in the East. So far, they are 1-3 with 6 games left; they'll beat SAC to end the year.....oh well.....
Jubin3567::Celtics need to get it together. The playoffs won't be as enjoyable if my Heat don't face your team.
gobigred12345678900::Would be nice to see the Bulls beat the Heat in the playoffs
Holy Cow Pink Hats Are A Sensitive Bunch::The knicks have D'd up pretty well against the miami lebrons this year.
ferretluvah2::I agree CHI probably needs more than Rose to get them past MIA "this" year.  But, MIA hates seeing CHI because no one D's them up better than CHI.
CTYHNTR::For what its worth its going to take more than just Rose to beat the Heat, who also happen to be the best 3 point shooting team in the NBA.  Once those 3s start dropping (and they will) the Bulls have no offensive answer.  Bulls desperately need a sharpshooter to spread the floor, but seem to have zero interest in attaining one.
Jubin3567::can't see that happening this year. bulls always give us a run for our money, but with the time required for Rose getting back in midseason form it may be too late.
Jubin3567::Great Avery Johnson emulation !
Jubin3567::everyone has seen the coors commercials
Jubin3567::lol obviously
Cutler2Marshall_Touchdown Bears::You're kidding right?
Syrindge::“(high-pitched, incredulous sounding voice) What's that? Ah -- Playoffs?!? Don't talk about -- playoffs?!? You kidding me? Playoffs?!? I just hope we can win a game!”
Cutler2Marshall_Touchdown Bears::Basketball fans need to look past Noahs in your face attitude and how he says whatever he wants, and vote him to the all star game. He deserves it this year.
bwp2bruce::Coaches will vote him in
Syrindge::Jeff Green is a very passive basketball player. Frustrating to see a guy with all those physical tools yet slow guys blow by him for layups. He seems to pump fake on the offensive end and then hesitate like he's faked himself out. Starting to wonder if it is what it is...
CTYHNTR::I see that Kirk had another stellar day of productivity!  Starting PG with no points and 2 assists, keep up the good work!
Edudlufetips3::noah is in that rare category (along with anthony davis) of player that comes around once every decade or so- a natural guard in high school that went through an insane growth spurt late in high school and ends up being a 7 footer that kept his guard skills. what amazes me is how durable noah has been over his career- whoever the team's people are that spend the most time with him... they really did an amazing job in training him to remain lean while added a lot of muscle bulk since college.
Big Mort::Crazy how much better this team is when even just one bench player shows up.
mike471623::Noah and Deng are playing like all stars. Anyone who doesn't think that about these two are just uneducated basketball fans. Probably the same people that think the Heat are the best team in the NBA. http://midwaymadness.com/2012/12/bulls-bounce-back-big-behind-noahs-triple-double/
Dave6673::NO, KG , he's going to the hall of fame, and he's ranked 147th in offensive rebounding, right behind you!
brunick1::Noah should be starting center in the ASG.
Edudlufetips3::you've got to be joking if you think any east center deserves to start over anderson varejao.
tigel18::Noah is the best passer on the team.  Wild Jo the Point Center.
Dave6673::KG calls himself the x factor, he says he does a little of everything. Last night he had zero free throws, zero assists, zero blocks, zero steals. He did manage one offensive rebound which for him is actually amazing........Let me show you what a little of everything looks like: Tim Duncan last night. 31 points 9-10 from the line, 18 rebounds, 6 assists, 5 blocks, 2 steals....WOW!!
Dave6673::No, come back and tell me how good kg is and how bad Duncan is
Dave6673::Slightly better than the 12 and 5 KG threw up vs. the Heat in game 6 last year...SLIGHTLY BETTER!
Dave6673::BTW , duncan went 18 and 12 and 25 and 14 in the two OKC losses...Not sure how that compares to 3 rebounds though, maybe you can tell me?
Dave6673::KG 0-5 in the second half last night.....Good job, good effort! Thanks for coming out of the locker room strong
Dave6673::Same place KG was choking away a 2 game lead vs. the Lakers in 2010 I guess
brunick1::exactly
Dave6673::Rondo playing wtih one arm vs. the Heat in 2011, they are going to need a big game from KG......1-10 from the field LOL 1-10....,Celtics playing at home in 2012 for a chance to go to the NBA finals after KG asked everyone on national TV if they have ever been in a bar fight? KG 12 points!
brunick1::Where was Duncan when yous were choking away a 2-0 lead over OKC?
Big Mort::can't really argue with those stats celt fans...
brunick1::Celtics are +121 points with KG on the floor and -77 when he is off it. Can you argue with those stats?
Dave6673::When Gasol was pulling down 18 rebounds to KG's 3, KG should have told him he was going to the hall of fame! Might have scared him!
gobigred12345678900::KG is and will be more of a legend than you Dave. He will be a future hall of famer and you will be a flamer
Dave6673::Are you talking about the guy that got outrebounded 18-3 by Gasol in Game 7 of the finals to lose? Or the guy that went 1-10 and 3-9 vs. the Heat in 2011 in the playoffs in two games or the guy that watched LeBron score 46 at Boston last year for a chance to go to the NBA finals. Or the guy who is averaging 7 rebounds and less than one offensive rebound who can't guard anyone of any skill or athletic ability who has no post up game and  bricks jump shots who can't play more than 6 minutes a game??
brunick1::Kg Bricks jumpshots? Has no post game??? You're spewing nonsense. Celtics are +121 points with KG on the floor and -77 when he is off it nuff said.
brunick1::KGs a beast keep hating
TheKilbo::LOL  That's more than a "little" of everything though!
TheKilbo::Sulinger, Green and Barbossa 3-19 shooting...  Nate Robinson 5-7 from 3 point land...  that's why we lose.
Sdavis1123::Don't draft Noah they said, waste of a Draft pick they said, 7-0 this season so far in fantasy basketball, suck it $@%!$@% lol
Jubo699::Trop cool, Yooks.
you.going.down::good job bulls!   watch out heat without drose bulls are above .500, wait til his return... bulls will be an instant contender
Cutler2Marshall_Touchdown Bears::Stop it. I am a diehard Bulls fan but Miami can and will destroy us even with Rose
Holy Cow Pink Hats Are A Sensitive Bunch::Looks like the celts will be struggling with .500 all year!!
goRedSox4champs::Been saying this for years, the Celtics need a dominating center that can rebound, block shots, and create room down below for high percentage shots.
DaRealDaBuu::You mean like Noah?
TheKilbo::Dwight Howard next year when he leaves LA?
goRedSox4champs::What kind of response is that?  Not asking for Tim Duncan here, just a bigger body.  Rebounds win basketball games.  Rivers and Ainge are obsessed with high percentage  shooters, but when these guys have an off night they suck.  Rivers seems to think rebounding is not at all important.
goRedSox4champs::Touche, and no I'm not thinking that much b/c I have a full-time job here.  Something comes to my head and I just type.
Holy Cow Pink Hats Are A Sensitive Bunch::You are the one that said "dominating center"  Do you even think before you post?
Holy Cow Pink Hats Are A Sensitive Bunch::So does just about every team in the NBA aside from a few.
mccoywajmu::yup
patmandewb::Man, I love to watch these guys play!! It's a thing of beauty when they pass, and move, and play defense like that...especially when they beat a chump team like the Smellticks!!
ThatsGoodSoup7963::This sucks.
This_Guy1::Bulls all day!
A Horse Called Krudler::No shame losing to a team with DRose on it.
Sdavis1123::yeah but when he stares at the other team from the bench he's really intimidating lol
spaceicecream::He's not on the bench either....................................
MNBoomerHoya::except when you know... drose isn't playing...
nonaligned::Noah is ugly too...     - Kevin Garnett
23johnr23::Noah is da man
Jordan Wears Cargo Shorts::Noah f.u.cked around and got a triple double..
RoushYatesRockets16::lol never gets old
ThatsGoodSoup7963::What a suck. Dammit!
Ray Allen GOAT 3 2.0::Congrats Noah.. Still cant believe the Bulls have a better record without Rose.
giangir::Black mamba eats first!
KnickDiaz::Celtics SUCK!!...... how could your worst shooter be your best scorer?....and ppl said the Knicks were old LOL!!!....
TheKilbo::Guess he's not our worst shooter then...  Plently of other "worst" shooters to from (go see the box score).
nhraven52::Doc will be fired by February.
spaceicecream::Put the pipe down
dog_has_fleas::I think the game ball still goes to Nate Robinson. If not for him mindlessly yanking 3s at the end of the game, they don't win.
iamjayee::Consistency is the answer for celtics...   but Celtics are getting consistent with L
abhi_vir::I love Rose but it's kinda disappointing to see him get so much of the focus with all the Rondo comparisons. There's a reason he doesn't sit on the bench during the games. I love him and will be ecstatic when he returns, but until then gotta judge what we have.    Far as tonight's game goes though, glad to see Noah being recognized for his passing which he has always excelled at. Nice win for the Bulls rebounding from the loss last night as they keep improving with all the changes in the off season and because of recent injuries.
ThisSiteTakesItDeep::Did Rondo's 10 ast streak end 2nite?
godfather67898@gmail.com::it ended when he got ejected
bwp2bruce::It ended way before tonight bro.
G.NELS18::GET HINRICH OFF THE TEAM!!!!!!!!!!
bulls32032::http://www.chicagotribune.com/sports/basketball/bulls/ct-spt-1219-bits-bulls-celtics-chicago--20121219,0,2027684.story  If this ends up happening, Gar/Pax are the worst front office tandem in the NBA. Absolutely no mention of Hinrich getting traded/released whatsoever. Nate and Rip are way more deserving of a roster spot than Hinrich. Hinrich has been horrible and Paxson needs to just let go with him.
mccoywajmu::It wouldnt make any sense for them to waive hinrich nobody is going to claim his salary. Hinrich fits next to rose because he can defend bigger SGs just think a better playmaking version of keith bogans.   So no they arent going to just waive him.  Nate I think should stay but if they honestly want to cut bait with him because they like what they see with Teague then so be it.  But I doubt that happens given how often Kirk gets hurt these days
godfather67898@gmail.com::Because boozer was coming off a big season in utah . you say that now but in 2010 not many people thought he would play like this
bwp2bruce::I can't imagine why they never pursued Ben Gordon from the Pistons or Tracy McGrady when they had a chance to get him. I'm just saying, I would have taken anyone other than Boozer.
mccoywajmu::Why would they be pursuing Ben Gordon?  They werent going to pay him 10 milion dollars a year and if they wanted to do that they could of just signed him originally.  Why would they trade assets to get him back?  People please realize that McGrady is washed up and he has been washed up for a while now.
zags 79::I mean I agree, but it doesn't matter, neither are in the Bulls long term plans. If were just talking about this season then yes it's stupid, but it's not that big of a deal really. You might be overreacting with the worst front office because of this
tbw2445::The Celtics need more height in their rotation!
celts rock 34::Do the celtics want Jason Thompson from the Kings? http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=cpdhpat
Rook_217::Kind of curious how Bulls fans feel now about this past year's acquisitions???  The Bulls were rated dead last as far as improvements.  And with many of those teams that made "big splashes"(ie. Lakers, Boston) they have struggled thus far.  Still upset?  Content?  Satisfied?
wabam95::The Bulls lost Brewer, Asik, Korver, Watson, Lucas, and of course Scal. They added Hinrich, Robinson, Belinelli, Nazr Mohammed, Marquis Teague, and Vlad Rad. IMO they lost a lot of defense but got stronger offensively. Upset? No, I am not upset at all. I actually think this bench may be more exiting. Content? Absolutely not. I won't  be content until I see D-Rose running the Bulls offense at full strength. Satisfied? No, not until Rose gets his first ring.
Rook_217::Well put!!!
wabam95::Thibs is a genius. Nuff said.
zags 79::Bulls have the 2nd ranked defense in the league.........
zags 79::Well coached, prepared. Adding pieces gradually. As long as Thibs is coach, and Derrick comes back coupled with those pieces, CHI will always be title contenders. On the cusp of the 3 seed right now, lmao,
NYballer6969::The Bulls lost key members of their team to other teams and still keep winning ! Always thought Thibs was the real MVP on the Bulls !
Jubo699::Lose Noah and I doubt TT is that MVP you mentioned.
mccoywajmu::Right and you saw what happened when Derrick Rose went down in the playoffs last year....they got punshished by the worst team in the playoffs.  Thibs can coach them to reg season wins but playoffs is for the stars
ChargersFan4Life001::well im out, this board is dead. gn to anybody there
ChargersFan4Life001::damn a lot of comments vanished
That Nlgga Decisions::stop hacking
ChargersFan4Life001::derp
mdr2855::Celtics suck.
I SCRAMBLE MY EGGS IN HARLEM---::I been saying that for 2 hours now.
mdr2855::...the donkey on Shrek lol
That Nlgga Decisions::Beza, what part of Philly did you go to?  Cause I been there a lot of times.
I SCRAMBLE MY EGGS IN HARLEM---::Beza's with a client right now.
PlayaMade5::The best player for the Celtics was white....which explains their whole franchise
I SCRAMBLE MY EGGS IN HARLEM---::Celts should trade Rondo for the donkey on Shrek.
ChargersFan4Life001::knicks should trade Stat for a fire hydrant
ChargersFan4Life001::yes,thats what i meant
That Nlgga Decisions::You mean fire extinguisher?
That Nlgga Decisions::swag
I SCRAMBLE MY EGGS IN HARLEM---::Ca Ca Ca- Rip!
That Nlgga Decisions::Purple Street
I SCRAMBLE MY EGGS IN HARLEM---::Crip or Blood?
That Nlgga Decisions::I go to Compton University, best University after Harvard.
I SCRAMBLE MY EGGS IN HARLEM---::Compton is a cesspool.
That Nlgga Decisions::lol its the Compton sh.it
I SCRAMBLE MY EGGS IN HARLEM---::That $@%!$ decisions. Lol, who names their kid Decisions...
