graceduke36::well i like the magic because JJ Redick is on  that team!
Eric5667::That is a good win for the Warriors, they went down to the wire with my team Orlando Magic, so they are getting there.
CandySparker::Cheers Good Olden State Worriers!
gerald_5::bulls over okc in 6= bulls 2012 champs
graceduke36::AGREED
supordupor23::didn't the warriors beat the bulls already? LOLOLOLOL NBA champs yeah right
Cappiethedog::Maybe Golden State's karma would change if they changed their name to the San Francisco Warriors...or Metta World State. Any road win is a good sign.
jmcneal333::I think you mean the Oakland Warriors because they play in Oakland.
WarriorsGO::No I think he means San Francisco Warriors because they are planning on moving to San Francisco.
marcusshane4321::overs again thanx to whoever does the odds in vegas , you dead set muppet !
CandySparker::Monta Lee!
d.mccue83::well the other day i made the comparisons between Monroe and KG when he came into the league..the stats are scary similar...and its apparent there's another striking resemblance...Monroe is going to rot in Detroit with that JV basketball team.....FREE GREG MONROE!!!
graceduke36::Thank You that someone agrres that Greg Monroe is way to good to be in detriot
DETROIT BABY26::GREG MONROE ALL STAR 2012 CMON LETS GET HIM IN THERE HELL DOMINATE GETTING PASSES FROM RONDO AND ROSE ETC.
graceduke36::hahahahahh!!! i know monroe is  good
s.molla1993::Just today I voted Monroe for 2012 All Star Game. He's Making Georgetown proud.
EmergingInThought::There is no good reason the Warriors should be 4-8, they need to step it up.  http://www.whatthehellbook.com/the-book/  http://www.whatthehellbook.com/2012/01/05/fired-for-not-believing-in-hell/
unluckynumber7::Don't $@%!$@% swear on $@%!$@% board
N.E.Phillyfan::Yes! another win for me...sweeeet, had GS for 200 units, as well as the OVER in the GB/NYG game, $$$$$$$$$$$
Detrocity::Pistons fan here since the 80's ... go Clippers (Chauncey)
s.molla1993::Warriors during this season, played great during the 1,2 &amp; 3 quarters, however during 4th quarters they've played sloppy which allowed teams like Orlando, Lakers, Spurs, Bulls, Clippers, Jazz and even the Bobcats receiving wins. Great Win Warriors.
s.molla1993::My Bad, its the Suns and also the 76ers. Close games, which the Warriors gave their opponents wins.
supreme91::bulls never beaten the warriors this yr
s.molla1993::My Bad, its the Suns and also the 76ers.
s.molla1993::Great Win for my home team, the Warriors. Down here in San Fran, everybody is still focusing on a impressive win yesterday from the 49ers. We Believe !! Lets Go Warriors.
Marinho0452::DETROIT TEAM ARE (     )
Go Laker Nation::Here is something that will be unpopular with you Detroit heads....  If Karl Malone was not injured Lakers beat Pistons in the Championship that year  .........also, if grandma had balls she would be grandpa  :)
Detrocity::but it was as close to a 5 game sweep at you can get - one 3 point shot and overtime in game 2 - besides that Pistons dominated
RocHawks::still pissed about us breaking up Shaq and Kobe?
Go Laker Nation::well.....I'm semi pissed about you partly doing that.....contributing to it I guess  I got over it soon though....fortunately Lakers always come back
RocHawks::as a Pistons fan... you can't beat a 3-10 west coast squad after 3 games in 4 days at home?  Garbage, and you don't deserve people's time this year
jzalvarado::@Laker_Nation:  Your comment below... Stephen Curry is not a "Shooting Guard".. He just happens to shoot the ball better than 99 percent of the players in the league..  He has the court vision and natural instincts to be a top ten point guard.  Monta Ellis does NOT (although when he commits himself he can draw the whole defense and kick it out to his teammates for an assist).
jzalvarado::Well  I'll agree to disagree..  I think he has the potential, (If matched with the ideal shooting guard) to be a great point guard
N.a.z.i America_1.2.::god dam
Go Laker Nation::i don't think curry is a real pg  good player but not a true pg
49erMikey1977::thank you prince got the over
Cabbinator 24::good job tayshaun... way to hit em when they dont matter.
Cabbinator 24::how many pistons fans became fans of cliippers because Chauncey went there?
t casey::I keep my eyes on them now as well as Chicago with Rip there, but I wouldn't call myself a fan of either team.
Go Laker Nation::I wish Rasheed Wallace was still playing  One of my most favorite players ever
jzalvarado::"RASHEED WA-LLACE!:"
ZeusBlueBully::185 and its a wrap...see ya in the funny papers fellas...
jzalvarado::Wow so glad we drafted Ekpe Udoh.. that 25 points and nearly 10 rebounds from Greg Monroe would have been counterproductive for a Warriors team that is already loaded with an overabundance of centers.
Go Laker Nation::Lakers have John Kuester as a assistant coach lol
Go Laker Nation::because my understanding is pistons players quit on him
Jeff7429::correct, they did...looks like they still like to quit too.  Kuester did a nice job in Cleveland actually as an assistant.
Go Laker Nation::my sarcasm detector konked out for a second
jzalvarado::Pistons players not only quit on him.. they were planning amutiny.. he was loathed in Detroit
Cabbinator 24::yeah i know dude i was kidding, they even laughed at him when he got kicked out of game... lmaooo check it out
Cabbinator 24::He is an amazing head coach idk why you are laughing.......
rockandr2::anyone know when curry's going to be back???
jzalvarado::Tuesday at Cleveland fa sho
BALABILA::I am absolutely convinced this league is FIXED, absolutely convinced, no words can change my opinion, 100% FIXED
ZeusBlueBully::thank you @ the gr8one...its called knowin how to read a bet !
RocHawks::keep clownin... how to read a bet, you must've read a kicking last night against Charlotte
RocHawks::dude... if any game reeked, it'd be this one
Jeff7429::amen
Jeff7429::the factors were mentioned....'evidence'
thegr8one246::how is it fixed? cuz ur $@%!$@% took the over or did u take the pistons spread? -____- the plays were warriors spread and warriors team total over 91.5 easy money u dumb $@%! u jsut got got u puss
Jeff7429::could be....GS on the 2nd. of a back to back vs. a more rested Pistons squad and looked like crap last night vs. a horrible team. This would be considered 'evidence'.
RocHawks::thank you... I took NY giants and ohio state and detroit... 30 to win 800  gone because of Detroit?
infamousduy::Lies.. No way you win 800 for 30..Show how much know about betting idiots
Jeff7429::did the same thing on a small bet...lol, Detroit screwed it.
yodaspeaks::dude, its David Stern.
Mindy_Smith277418::Golden State Warriors vs. Detroit Pistons   these guys claim to know:   http://bit.ly/ymXMth
ZeusBlueBully::now i need them to over185 for this other slip...i alrdy got the spread...easy
ZeusBlueBully::5 more points and i m safe...and its off to the next  4 games left on my ticket for the night
ZeusBlueBully::i got GS on my "big money fluke ticket" if by chance the moons and stars were aligned right...and it kinda is...
ZeusBlueBully::yeh i know pistons been playin like $@%!..
ZeusBlueBully::i hate ignorant think they know it alls...
ZeusBlueBully::its espn...you so stupid...why is it connected to proline...your stupid
RocHawks::you took GS after getting smoked by Charlotte? you must know somethin
Cabbinator 24::its a basketball forum, not betting forum gtfo here
ZeusBlueBully::no hes a familiar loser...das why he cudnt jus read my post and ignore it...
BU36::Are you new to basketball boards on ESPN?
ZeusBlueBully::u must be a sore pistons fan too...
ZeusBlueBully::i love a hater...you had to say hi didnt you...want a kiss ?
Cabbinator 24::nobody cares about you or your betting....
BALABILA::3 FG's at home against a team that had 125 points scored on them by the bobcats (worst offense in the league) 2 days ago?  Either its fixed OR the Pistons are well and truely woeful.......
RocHawks::fixed
yodaspeaks::Brandon Knight with 6 three attempts?   Guess this makes him an SG.
Go Laker Nation::If I was a GS fan I would have broke something after I heard Kwame Brown got 1 year 7 million
WarriorsGO::more upset bout him getting hurt then paying him 7 mil. He was playing well for us.
xuscbs::I wish the Lakers had kept him!
yograndma821::when i read that I couldnt believe it, but if you're a dubs fan gotta get used to terrible management.
Go Laker Nation::Kwame was recently taking credit for Bynum's good play  what a chump  looks like he has a good agent though
Cabbinator 24::Lol.... they were desperate for a big man but still wayyyyyy to much
xuscbs::Refs with a huge blunder calling a 6th foul on Lee.  He never touched Day on the drive.
Marinho0452::Pistons are nothing
BALABILA::At home against a team that is winless on the road, that team is playing 3 games in 4 days, this team has given up a flood of points, and the pistons have 2 FG's in 6 minutes?  I told you all, no business at all being in the NBA, NONE.......  To think they have fans? lolol
Go Laker Nation::Trade Prince and Gordon before deadline
Jeff7429::fantasy league dreamers
Cabbinator 24::who would want gordons contract?
Cabbinator 24::idk dude... id look for other options.
yodaspeaks::and has a pg that can pass the ball a little bit.
Go Laker Nation::somebody who wants to compete and get a scorer off the bench
Jeff7429::nobody wants them....good luck with that
Jeff7429::nobody wants to pay them
Go Laker Nation::picks
Cabbinator 24::austin daye is a terrible basketball player.... my goddddddddddd
yograndma821::it'd be sick if we drafted monroe instead of the type of  player we could have got undrafted or in the 2nd round(he is ronnie turiaf)....
BALABILA::I told you all Detroit have no business being in the NBA,   1. They devalue the quality of the NBA 2. Players like Gordon and Villenuava's careers have fallen
GoMSUspartans2995::Pretty sure the Pistons have won one of the last 10 championships about 2 other teams cant say that.
GoMSUspartans2995::20*
Pstnzballaz::You sound so ignorant balabila
ctowngambler78::They both will be forgotton about in 10 years.....
yodaspeaks::They both are national team players at the end of the day.
Detrocity::Started with the Billups trade ... they have some work ahead of them for sure ... they are all over the place player wise
Jeff7429::Pistons give up nicely.....losing efficiently now.
Jeff7429::ok....GAME
Detrocity::Not with a Ben Wallace offensive onslaught waiting in the wings
birdman._.::man so much excitement for this game
ZeusBlueBully::PS - scrub team GS up by 9....WARRIORS
ZeusBlueBully::they are a TRUE western style team...they aim for 100 everynight by any means
Jeff7429::And on a 2nd. of a back to back....sad Pistons
Minga1984::pistons gotta get it goin..i know there home and there is time left
BALABILA::Daye was really good last year...How can he turn so rubbish after 1 year?  He must have fluked it last year....
Detrocity::bring him off the bench Jon Berry like ...
bsmithsonian::A 6'10 guy who only shoots 3's and can't dribble the ball to save his life.  It was a fluke, not sure how he see's the floor when they need to try and improve Macklin, who actually has looked decent when given time.
bsmithsonian::Austin Daye BRICK.  What a waste of a draft pick.
Go Laker Nation::Far as Pistons go that Knight Kid looks like he will be a good player.....Monroe too  Not smart to resign Prince....I hope for Pistons fans sake they move him before the deadline
ZeusBlueBully::lol @ still smoking that dwight in a lakers jersey dope huh....i dont see it happenin...lakers will be utterly gutted
Go Laker Nation::not when Magic have their hands tied  they might be stupid enough to let him walk for nothing though....you never know
ZeusBlueBully::kobe dying for a trade so bad...why doesnt he leave ???
Go Laker Nation::he will retire a Laker  makes no sense to jump ship now so late in his career.....they still have a good team....just not great  look out for Bynum for Howard trade after All-star break
Detrocity::I know for Laker nation was a bummer not to get Chris Paul ... hope it makes for a bit of a rivalry down the road ... Last time the Clippers had anything was with Larry Brown and Danny Manning (or am I wrong ... I'm not from the area)
Detrocity::yeah I remember they were fun to watch ... I was living in San Diego at the time and the Clippers roots there ... but they were a low seed playoff team going nowhere during that time
Go Laker Nation::yeah Manning was good but that team was nothing special  Clips now have a pulse....fools gold though.....believe me, they can get some players but it is still the Clippers we are talking about. No rings coming anytime soon. Blake and Paul will not stay long term
Go Laker Nation::If I'm GS I trade Monta Ellis like a year and a half ago  You have to be joking starting Curry and Ellis together and be expecting to actually win some meaningful games  Two undersized SGs??? dumb as hell
ZeusBlueBully::hey iverson won and he was undersized at the 2 spot...he made it to the finals...and that was against shaq and the lakers...man i really not hearing your sob story about size..the GM of GS was ok with this roster..and thats why it is the way it is...we deal in stats...heart and talent...not jus physical attributes...thats why your a bynum and gasol fan...and your team is going to lose again this year...im a GS fan....but OKC is my team...im a avid nba fan period....watch the game...and see if size matters tonight...cuz the scoreboard is dictating otherwise...and they our playin without their star point guard...
Go Laker Nation::AI did not have another undersized sg starting with him and that Philly team had decent Bigs
ZeusBlueBully::this is the nba...health and chemistry and confidence dictates winners...not whos got the best team on paper...i.e. losing boston celtics...
ZeusBlueBully::prime example clippers vs lakers...undersized but still out ran lakers out the gym...
Go Laker Nation::wont work in playoffs  that is where you want to go right???
ZeusBlueBully::that makes no sense after wins against miami with lebron running the game....size doesnt matter if defense is together and offensive is clickin...
Go Laker Nation::hang your hat on a win vs the Heat??? hahaha  no bueno.....if they want to win long term and be serious about it they abort the Curry &amp; Ellis experiment asap
i love to streak::final total  191 points
