Clippers23t::second half any thoughts?
Clippers23t::hawks -5?
jimmyjam289::3-11 shooting for DW--- hummmmmmm   hummmmmmm Maybe his wrist is hurting--- A g a i n .
jimmyjam289::The NJ Nets should change their name to the Brooklyn Knats as in Knicks- because The Nets play like a bunch of swirling knats that fly over Geerritssen inlet in Brooklyn.   Remember how those Knats bugged Joba that summer night on the pitching mound?   Play On Knats  ahhhhh I mean Nets.   Who ,loves ya baby.
footballnick23::Ron Artest missing the wide open layup vs Dallas last year hahah  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6SzsHHkEeI
whatsdoing::this reminds me of that old song....  deron williams is "...looking at the front door..."  dee dee dum dum duuuuum dee dee dum dum dum.....
jimmyjam289::DW should be looking for another way to make a living other than the NBA---- he smells up the place with his Tootin and Shootin.  Maybe he can drive a cab and make some serious tip $. And he can hide  it from Uncle Sam.
cmonson1::T-MAC!
texasrocks123456::The Hawks look like a real contender for the 3 seed. After Miami and Chicago, no one else scares me. We'd own New Yorks backcourt and have the talent to match their front court. Boston will be worn down by the shortened season, and we have Orlandos number and girlfriends panties in the easy target section. I love  how we lost Crawford and instantly became a team barely making the playoffs (according to the all knowing ESPN). But that's what we get for being an Atlanta team, ESPN doesn't like our city and wants all of our teams to move to Canada. $@%! ESPN
trizzo23::magic will smoke atlanta by 30......
nyknicks03228::Lmao that was hilarious you aren't even close to the Knicks most people have you guys finishing behind the pacers and now you beat the nets and now ur a 3 seed hahahahahahahahahahahaha
xmanfolife::Don't get too excited.......The Hawks blew out a D-league....with Deron Williams on it.  After this loss D. Williams should b packing his bags for LA.........don't b surprised.
Von08::The Hawks win by 36, and the article still talks about the offense being bad lol.  Maybe that's because the starters were barely in.
csmeech::Nets need to trade Deron Williams before they end up losing him for nothing.  A few weeks back I heard he wanted to play in orlando with D12.  That would be a great team
jimmyjam289::Maybe the Nets should trade him "before" he plays more of those smelling awful games. his performance smells. He is putting up bricks faster than my uncle the bricklayer.  And his coach says its OK to put up bricks -- keep em flying DW. Keep em flying--- with more performances like last night--- No one   Repeat--- No one will want DW.
tbest23::Source?
ATLien4ever::Of course people hate like its a full time job on Atlanta sports, but this team looked GOOD last night, if they can keep that up I see either a 3 or 4 seed for the Hawks
nyknicks03228::Not better than the Knicks stop getting excited over a win against the nets
jjman2011::yes way. bwahahahaha
csmeech::No way.
bowyerfan333::Thats how we do it Hawks!!!!  Finals bound this year!!!!!
xmanfolife::Only on Playstation.....
kevinholdren::I agree, they have added depth to the bench this year.. go hawks!!!
ATLien4ever::We were 2 games away from making the eastern conference finals last year despite having to start a PG with no experience at all, they could go as far as they want to, esp if the bench and Marvin Williams shoot like they did last nite
openminded43::Funny!!!
Cezary89::<b> East: Heat Knicks Bulls Celtics Atlanta Orlando Indiana Philly Bucks  </b>
csmeech::I think I would flip flop the magic and atlanta (unless they trade D12, then they are out completely).
ATLien4ever::I see the Celtics falling back this year, this team isn't going anywhere and losing Jeff Green for the season won't help the bench.
TheBrill21::Bulls might beat out the Knicks, but besides that yes.
conlevis2::two starters with 0 points?  I take it back, the Jazz aren't the worst team in the league, the Nets are.
nyknicks03228::It's the nets
texasrocks123456::Bobcats...end of story
lakers43492::LOL i think we all know who the worst team is... the wizards
401MacK::marshon brooks is a beast... danny ainge is a *&amp;(%*(# for trading him away
Peter Griffin.::$@%!
Obama_Martinez::Ah the Nets.  The forgotten team  Any team that loses by nearly 40 points needs to address its GM and coaching situation
thenbaisback20::I really think the Hawks are gonna be dangerous this year.
bigloveboi::when was the last time the hawks lost in the first round..? what 4 years ago?
xmanfolife::Hawks r only threats to teams like the Jazz, T'Wolves, Toronto, Bobcats, Hornets.....oh and the Nets.   The Hawks beat down the lowly Nets....not the Knicks but the Nets!  Hawks will get slapped down n the first round...again.
openminded43::Against teams playing second games of B2B's while the Hawks are rested!!!
VT.Engineer::Why is Kris Humprey a starter? :(
28NYjets::bc he averaged a double double last year, and they traded the rest of their team to utah for williams
CYates2984::Atlanta, which has made the playoffs the past four seasons, was not overly impressive on offense.  I love how ESPN just threw that in even though they shot over 50% from 3 and got 23 assists on 38 made field goals. Always hating on the Hawks!
B1LLYB0B::Yeah, didn't know 106 points while your starters sat the last 18 minutes was bad or so-so.
wasted_101::HAWKS ARE ABOUT THE 5TH-7TH SEED
thenbaisback20::Hawks are gonna be solid this year.  40-26 here we come.
Captphilpart3::The Hawks win   Will blind so many from realizing that the Atlanta Spirit Group is a joke.
joe kj2::As a Nets fan make this trade:   Lakers get: Deron Williams and Dwight Howard   Nets get: Andrew Bynum and Turkoglu   Magic get: Damion James, Kris Humphries, Pau Gasol and 4 first round picks from Nets and Lakers.
ambelgra::yea, shouldnt the Lakers be giving picks to the Nets in that deal?
rodrichmond::Wow.....and you're a Nets fan???  REALLY???  I bet you cheered when they sold Julius Erving too.....right??
B1LLYB0B::That is the worst potential trade I've ever seen.
Jthizz69::so the Nets give up Williams, 2 first round picks, Humphries, James... to pick up Bynum and Turkoglu? where the hell is your head at that's a suicide deal for the Nets, huge steps backwards. I mean no offense but I don't see you're logic anywhere, you must be a Laker fan who wants Williams and Howard. in fact you HAVE to be a Laker fan just saying that Nets' bs so people will listen.
oaklandtakesthecrownagain::what i should i do i just microwaved my socks for six minutes and now they are really crunchy
92Cowboysfan9::Derron Williams will be a Dallas Mavericks next season and he's a Dallas native
rodrichmond::Jersey will pay the 100 mil max....which nobody can match.......and they sign Howard and a few more....Hell by the Proco will be running Russia!!!
cymbal2k::Why would he go to the Mavs, he wants to win. Mavs have a team that is aging VERY quickly. Imagine this, Deron stays till the end of the season, Nets resign Lopez, and sing Howard. On top of all that, this is a stacked draft class coming up, in which the Nets have 2 picks. Team would be unbeatable.
PresleyCutchTabata::Deron Williams will retire as a Net
PresleyCutchTabata::Josh Smith got into foul trouble because he cant play against big boys like Kris
twilaubiefan::Lol. You are so butthurt pal.
redsuxorz::Vlad got his skills from kobe
Xtatic385::PPPPFFFFF!!! ROFLMFAO!! This team sucks! Kris Humpty dumpty Kardashian is going to get sneakers and used condoms thrown at him in brooklyn. What a crappy organization. The worse of the worse. Give it up New Jersey Nyets fans. Go root for another team before you commit suicide and no one is going to give a damn.
cymbal2k::Yes, because people really commit suicide because of a sports team. If that's what you think, you might want to consider taking the game a little less serious. What a joke.
PresleyCutchTabata::in 2009 the Nets beat a Nuggets team by 36 points, and that Nuggets team was worlds better than them, this game proves nothing except that the Nets got off to a cold start and kinda gave up
aftern9ne::Well of course one single game never proves anything. It certainly shouldn't inspire confidence for Nets fans, though.
rmrmets::I remember that game.  The Nuggets had to take an Amtrak train from Washington, DC up to the Meadowlands as their plane was diverted.  The team got in at 7am to the hotel and had to play the game 12 hours later.  You think that might have had something to do with it?
PresleyCutchTabata::kinda like the Nets tonight?
Drunyce86::I agree people are overreacting to the early season games, but the Nets are just bad.
me_destruit::...so you think the Nets are a better team than the Hawks?
PresleyCutchTabata::but the Nets will win Friday, and they will run up the score on you fools!
me_destruit::Ok, well then let me rephrase. Atlanta's starting 5 are better(talent and experience) than any combo of 5 players on the Nets team(this includes a healthy Brooke Lopez).
PresleyCutchTabata::the Nets dont know what their starting 5 is yet
me_destruit::Experience...and talent. nobody in their right mind would claim the Nets had as much or better talent than the Hawks(when comparing starting 5).
PresleyCutchTabata::no, i know the Hawks have more experience
drftw42134::This was a total joke. I actually went to this game and it was disgusting. No enthusiasm in the Nets team and offense sucked today. If they play like this and don't win a championship for New Jersey or even make the playoffs then have fun residents of brooklyn.
88bobalicious::As a Brooklyn resident I have given the benefit of the doubt to Prokhorov and his empty guarantees, I have admiration for Avery as an ex-PG with championship pedigree and a guy who supposedly is a good coach, but this Nets team is A JOKE.  You got blown out by an Atlanta team where RADMANOVIC was the leading scorer????  Are you kidding me?  Who are these guys?  Deron Williams had like what 2 assists?  Isn't he supposed to be an elite PG?  He clearly has one foot out the door. This is depressing.  Jigga probably wondering why he drove out to Jersey to watch this nonsense tonight.  Guys if you're going to bring a team to New York City , bring something half decent or don't bother
redsuxorz::you new yorkers whine too much. How about watch a few games first?
me_destruit::The Hawks pulled their starters early, that's why Radmanovic was the leading scorer. Watch a game for once maybe? If we wanted to be $@%!$@%! we could have left our starting 5 in for most of the game and have won by 50...but in a condensed season resting starters was a far better option.
captinbeezo::i agree.. it seems espn didnt even watch the game. hawks were winnin so bad that joe, al and josh had like 27 mins. thats a little bit over one half a game last time i checked, hawks are going to be serious this year. Looking real explosive with plenty of weapons!
Drunyce86::If you live in NYC; you should be a Knicks fan anyways. I'm from the Bronx. I don't know anybody from NY who roots for NJN.
Drunyce86::LOL I always tease people about those NJ football teams repping NY. Must be hard being a bills fan, but props for rooting for the only football team in NY. They jumped the gun payin' Fitzpatrick.
HereWeGoBuffalo89::Why do people root for the Giants and Jets? I agree no true New Yorker should root for a team outside of the state of New York. Why do you think I root for the s#hitty Bills?
HereWeGoBuffalo89::I'm a Brooklyn native, and this team aint worth s#it
Wrhody44::What the hell happened to josh smith? 0 production from him does anyone know if he got hurt or what?
me_destruit::Oh, and add onto the fact that he is the defense of the starting 5, so his defensive contributions almost always make up for any off night he might have.
me_destruit::He was playing more as a play facilitator than a play maker, which is fine. He only played 17 minutes because they didn't need him(and he got in foul trouble early). He'll be fine.
HereWeGoBuffalo89::he punched a fan and was ejected
PresleyCutchTabata::the good thiing about this game is that the Hawks will never see it coming when we put the smackdown on them in Atlanta on Friday night! they got their one win against the Nets this now!
twilaubiefan::At least he has hope.. Too bad hope doesn't get you into the playoffs.
HereWeGoBuffalo89::The Nets lost by 36 POINTS!!! The Hawks will win by 15+ on friday
PresleyCutchTabata::in 2009 the Nets beat a Nuggets team by 36 points, and that Nuggets team was worlds better than them, this game proves nothing except that the Nets got off to a cold start and kinda gave up
HereWeGoBuffalo89::No, but an intelligent person can see that these teams aren't even close in terms of talent. The 36 point defeat is an omen (google it) for the Nets. I'm sure 3 days won't make a difference in this matchup. Nice try at being clever though, but you still need some work.
PresleyCutchTabata::is this a new rule or something? carry-over points from a previous game?
redsuxorz::stackhouse and t-mac on the same team? That's 40 points per game...
rmrmets::T-Mac still looking like he has something to prove.  Flashes of T-Mac 10 years ago were on display tonight.  As far as Stackhouse, he must owe a lot of $, why else would he be playing at age 52?
RonoSL550::Yeah right. 10 seasons ago, maybe... But good veteran leadership for the team.
HereWeGoBuffalo89::Like if you want to see cheeseheadr78 and captphilpart3 quit the e-trashtalk and fight it out....Come on guys, pick a time and place so I can make plans
Drunyce86::If the NJN don't pull off a miracle and get Howard before the season is done. You might as well kiss DWill good-bye.
DenverDiehard35::How did Marshon Brooks look? I wanted the nuggets to somehow get him in the second round or a trade or something. looks like he had a decent game with 17 pts, anyone wanna say more?
DenverDiehard35::thanks for your input, i just like to check up on the players that i wanted in the draft. we got faried who i really wanted i just liked brooks, but brooks wouldnt get much tick on the nuggs given our depth
me_destruit::Eh, could use refining. He got most of his points driving the ball, so wasn't a huge sample size on his jumper. He missed a good bit of his outside looks. I'm a Hawks fan though, so maybe I was seeing what I wanted to see(though I tend to leave my bias' at the door on most occasions since I'm a huge sports fan in general).
DenverDiehard35::how is his j lookin?
me_destruit::He looked better on account of playing against the bench of the Hawks, a bunch of 30 somethings who have seen far better days in their career. His speed against said bench players who are all 2 or 3 steps slower than they were in their prime is what netted most of his points, so not really much to take away from the game. A competitive game would give you a better measure when he plays against NBA players in their prime(aka starters).
reggieinatl::1 Down, 65 To Go.  Good win Hawks.
Metropolitan8::This was despicable!
Dawgs_Forsyth::The Hawks annihilation of the Nets should be on the ESPN NBA page at least, but I agree with Capt the Hawk's owners Atlanta Spirit Group are the worst owners in all of the NBA they are the main reason Atlanta lost the Thrashers and why the Hawks can't get out of the second round
Captphilpart3::Thank you I'm not a Hawks hater if anything I'm just the opposite....I just want a solid product and I love ATL. and want nothing more than to see many championship parades here.
cheeseheadr78::CAPTPHILPART3 .......you really wanna fight? cause i would kick ur a$$ so bad.......any day any time d-bag
DenverDiehard35::i love fights, mostly girl fights but im really not picky
HereWeGoBuffalo89::You guys aren't doing s#it. All talk, but if you guys decide to fight it out, let me know so YouTube can watch.
Captphilpart3::I'm game
cheeseheadr78::where d!ck? varsity ..? turner field?? ga dome? phillips?  ....cmon bro..anywhere.....h3ll even olympic park if you want...lets go b!tch
Captphilpart3::I told you,You name it and you dance around....Some how you call me a b!tch yet oddly it's you who's behaving like one.  As I said before supporting bad ownership doesn't make you a better fan it makes you fan that settles for a bad product.
Captphilpart3::I already said name the time and place and you asked me not the other way around
CosmoKramer1444::Vlad with 17? WTF?
Nathantrew::TMAC quietly hooped tonight....
Demonjoe93::And yet ESPN is barley acknowledging the Hawks' blowout win.
Hpytravlr::ESPN is NOT a national sports network.  In 10 years they will be bypassed by somebody new.
Munger88::It was a great game by the Hawks, but keep in mind we were playing New Jersey.
cheeseheadr78::DUDE SHUT UP I DONT LIKE YOU CAUSE YOU KEEP LYING MOFO
Captphilpart3::Prove my "lies" wrong???
cheeseheadr78::F@GGOT ^^^^^
Captphilpart3::Yep name calling is a sure fire way to prove a point.
Captphilpart3::Because the Hawks deserve to barely acknowledged .......The worst owners in sports
jrachi856::Nets, say bye, bye to D. Williams. There is no way Deron stays on the Nets all season, I can't see him playing through 64 more games of this. Even if they traded for Howard they still couldn't win a title. Howard &amp; Williams with no PF, no SF, no SG, and no bench will go NO WHERE.
jimmyjam289::IF DW keeps playing like this- he will have to take a big $$$ cut to land on any team--- his skills are Not there anymore. He's playing like a guy who needs contact lens.  He looks like a card tottin' Bricklayer-  and he toots when he shoots.  Thats how bad he looks.  He would make now departed Outlaw look good shooting.    Would i Lie?
CandySparker::Radman &gt; Rodman
jimmyjam289::DW shoots 3-11 from the field Ha Ha HaHa-- and 1 ASSist in 25 minutes- my grandmother can do better than that-----but lets remember that coach AJ told DW to "put it up- put it up- Man." He's encouraging DW to just throw up bricks. AJ is not one of your smarter NBA coaches .    And DW cant use his "hurt wrist" as an excuse this year-- Can He?.  Word is that most of the Nets roster have acquired Union Cards while visiting the Brooklyn Site of their new"soon to be" home arena.Rumor is that they qualified as apprentise BrickLayers with their performance tonight....  Would I lie?   Hey ESPN-- Print This.   jimmyjam289
birdman._.::williams isnt staying
jimmyjam289::Let the door hit him in his tootin' rear on his way out of the Nets locker-room.  He does not add anything to this team.  Byeeeeeee Tootin' shootin' Williams.
savagelife1995::just looked at the box score for atlanta and saw jerry stackhouse??? i thought he retired last year after a couple of games with the heat. guess i was wrong
DTangMF::u'll see Larry Hughe on Magic Roster
