Trace Mann::Detroit is under performing this year, they have a better team than most of the teams they lose too!
Giovanni::Houston needs to shut down Drummond. He usually puts up a double double, and tonight he has 4 blocks despite the fact that there is still some time left in the 3rd quarter.
SomeB::Beverly shut down Jennings? Really people, Jennings is a terrible guard if anyone remembers him from his tenure with the Bucks. The Rockets lost to the Queens. The issue isn't the point guard position, the issue is Harden and his rollercoaster games. This team is hugely dependent on whether or not Harden is scoring. That's not good.
donald::Josh Smith really believes that the Pistons paid him all that money to take 5 threes a game and make 24% of them.  He's hellbent on giving them what he thinks they paid for.
C.Jin::My god Dwight Howard is such a monster fantasy player. Why the hell was he ranked in the 30's
Ron L::Monster game by Dwight both defensively and offensively and he didn't do too bad on the FT line either. Hope he can keep this up.
CTL::Based on what has been seen with Howard's plays to night, a championship combination between Howard, Lin and  Parsons is formed. Supporting by Harden's shooting this combination would be unbeatable.
William::there is no question that Dwight has come to play this year, win all lost he gave a good effort, is it a  coincident that he has his best game when harden was not avaliable hence there were great ball movement ,  guese even the blind can see hoineffective the team has become when Mr. Harden plays ISO
G::Bev & Harden lovers don't get too excited.  First of all Rockets won because that stupid ball-hog wasn't playing.  Bev the defense specialist played only 14 minutes and they beat the team that is way below .500 LMAO.  In order for them to beat a legit team they need a real PG with brain...that's Lin. LOL  If the Rockets really want to win a championship....the starting line up should be:  PG = Lin SG = doesn't really matter as long as it's not Harden  LOL Forward = Parson + Jones Center = Howard  Oh yeah... they also need a new coaching staffs of course :)
D. Darqwon::More injury trouble for the Rockets,  Greg Smith and Beverley are now injured and in the locker room.
