dcthug::When I watched this game, I saw that the Wizards were better at the 1, the 2, and had the best post player in Seraphin.  Honestly I don't think the team is far away from contending for a playoff spot(although this year is a pretty much done due to their start).  They've beat Denver, Atlanta, Miami and OKC.  Been in almost every game this year without a NBA quality starting one ( top average assist guy was Price with 3) while Wall was out.  Team should consider starting Seraphin and moving Okafor or Nene to the bench.
NjFan11::Shocking score.
tonycamp1::You can tell by reading the comments of the players, coaches, media and fans that they all think the Nuggets are better than they really are. And that's their biggest problem.  The reality is that the Nuggets are not a very talented team.  Sure they're better than the Wizards when 6 of their top 9 players are injured but when both teams are healthy there is no clear difference in talent between the teams. So if the Nuggets go into any game expecting to win they probably won't.
washheightsboy3::Unbelievable. Smh.
dcthug::So true about the team not being as bad as what folk made them out to be.  Team just could not finish at the end of games with J. Wall out.  Its easy to forget that the team played basically .500 ball after the trade for Nene last year,  With him and Seraphin (He was better than anyone Denver had on its frontcourt)  the team has two legit low post scores and now has a legit starting 2 in Beal.  Wall is goin to have a ton of assists with Beal and Ariza hitting open 3's.  AJ Price has played admirably but he is not the playmaker that Wall is.  I love Price as his back up tho.
ovechkinsgoal::it shouldn't be.  the wizards were without wall for almost the whole season and were without nene for half of it.  they also have a #3 pick who's starting to come into his own.  the wizards are probably the best 8-29 team in the history of the nba.  they are better than their record indicates and it wouldn't surprise me if they go 0.500 the rest of the way if they stay healthy.  they've been in on the losing end of about 10-15 close games so far this season.
Marek7476::they will win 25-30 games this season
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::bout 2 pass otu from all the percoset n wine i had lol cya l8r u dc and nugs sissys  ur sports suxneways just my 2 sesne tho
BRENICE65::Denver had nobody who could defend Seraphin.
flag_me_if_you_can::their d sucks, that is nothing new. The main reasons for this loss were weak performances of wing players. Wtf Chandler and Iggy combined for 9 points in 50 minutes.
ovechkinsgoal::it's easy to say their defense stinks, but seraphin was scoring mostly on one on one situations.  when he's on he's a pretty effective back to the basket player.
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lol or ne1 2 defiend ur sisyness
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::wow nugs u r pathetik now i now u guys r pretendiers i was hopin it was heat vs nugs in finals but obvi denvier is beyond overaited  just my 2 sense tho
jayeteee::Please!
MilesAboveYou::Kill yourself.
isner123::The wiz are coming back! Finally coming together and playing team ball, with balanced scoring all around. Good Win last night
Mike5790::Wizards have found some chemistry, Beal has been progressing well, after initially looking like a huge disappointment. And, the Wizards are finally getting a little healthier, even beyond Wall. This could have been their 5th in a row. Not a surprise win, they're on a roll, and have several times this year taken down good teams.
GeorgeTownDC29::Wiz have won 9 of their last 10 games with Wall in the line-up going back to last season. We are obviously a different team with him. Keep looking past that though as we run a 112 spot on your team
PartTimeHomer::Beal shooting damn near 70% from beyond the arc in the last five games. What a scrub.
bearsbball12::It's called a hot streak. He'll regress to the mean soon I'm sure.
bearsbball12::How is saying he'll regress "hating"? Nobody has ever been even remotely close to shooting 70% from 3 for an entire season and he won't do it either.
GeorgeTownDC29::Whenever you have haters it means your team is doing something right
PartTimeHomer::@Bearsbball12 - I don't get why you're so eager to just not allow other fans to be happy about the play of their team.  I didn't say anything about projecting him to do it for the rest of the season, just expressing a bit of happiness. Stop harshing my mellow.
relinquishy::lol...hes progressing, not regressing. remember, hes only 19
bearsbball12::Also, lol @ the Washington fans below comparing Wall to Rose. Get real.
dcthug::Wall is a better passer.  Rose is way better at finishing and has a better J.  For all the crap Wall hhas taken, the team is 9-1 in its past 10 games with him in the line up.  If he doesn't miss those ft's at Sactown, their on a 4 game streak.  J still needs work but kid is like 22 yrs old.  Kidd had no J his 1st few yrs.  Neither did GP.   Rondo either for that matter.  Folks forget he had no offseason work from a team standpoint  year 1 to year 2 because of the lockout.  He's gonna be fine.
isner123::or*
isner123::I can't say that with a guy like Rondo out there of a paul. Both better shooters and passers than wall
flag_me_if_you_can::Yeah Wall is better...
GeorgeTownDC29::Rose is better at finishing at the rim. Thats it. Wall is a much better passer and defender problem is he has been playing with scrubs for awhile while Rose has had Deng, Noah, and Boozer. And lol at a Cubs fan.
--Nate--::rose is about as useful as marcus camby right now: not playing
relinquishy::well if wall could shoot, he'd be better than rose, and that's for sure. he'd be the best pg in the league hands down.
bearsbball12::Pretty accurate summation of the game here: "Karl has a situation some coaches would kill for. He has two really good bigs in Kenneth Faried and Kosta Koufos. And he has a good seven footer coming off the bench. And yet, these players all saw less playing time than Corey Brewer!! And it should be noted that a major loss in this game was rebounding. . . . A good coach is one that maximizes your chance for success. A coach that benches tall good players and decides to play three guard-forwards (two of which are terrible) instead…well I don’t know what you call that."
relinquishy::denver deserved to beat the fakers last year, those calls man
jayeteee::A poorly coached team?
jayeteee::I have no clue who takes his place. LOL. Maybe Mike Brown? At least he wouldn't have a big ego to deal w/. And he's from Denver.
bearsbball12::I'm thinking it's about time for a change. Just not Adrian Dantley please.
jayeteee::I just listened to his post game, I don't think the players respond to him anymore. That's my take on it. And geez is he hard to listen to. :-P
bearsbball12::I understand it's not all on him (61% from the line isn't gonna get it done), but a coaches job is to maximize the talent on his team and give them the best chance to win the game. GK doesn't really do that.
jayeteee::Bears, you know me, I can't stand GK. This is the same Nuggets we've seen, maybe throwing out 08-09, since he's been here. Highly competitive during the regular season, and one and done in the playoffs.
bearsbball12::That could work. You're getting killed on the boards, how about playing your 3 best rebounders more than an average of 22 minutes? You're in a close game in the 4th quarter, how about not letting the guy who scored 23 points in the 3rd sit on the bench for most of it? I don't think that's asking for too much.
ESPNisBSNEWZ::stunned...im a little scared for okc on sunday now
bearsbball12::Thanks Nuggets for reminding everyone why you'll never be taken seriously. Losing to that team at home is embarrassing.
vap88::bears- it was embarassing but the Nugs will bounce back
Grindhouse2413::Wizards are some killers man. Memory serves me, they have beaten the Heat, OKC, and Denver. I am sure I am missing a few others. Griz Nation respects the Denver squad, they give us fits. Well done Wizards.
NBAnuggets420::Nuggets lost to wiz tonight and probably gonna beat OKC Sunday.... Smh
Hlee196::Who's coaching the nuggets? Oh wait it's George Karl... enuff's. Too many bone head over paid players on this team. Gallo,Iggy,Ty,= Melo.
.cha cha cha chia.::lol
jayeteee::From the penthouse to the outhouse. The Wizards? Really? WTG, Nuggets! Guess we had to lose to a really bad team sooner or later.
Tiny1ota::Wizards have won 4 of the last 5.  With Wall back, they're better than the Nuggets, period.
jayeteee::LMAO!!!!!!!
taayox::Imagine someone like Shabbaz Mohamed getting all those open looks from Wall's passes that Ariza is getting now and missing.
relinquishy::at least beal is getting them at the 2
bosoxrick::how many times as wizards fans have we heard "well if we're fully healthy than____"  problem is, no one's ever fully healthy for a whole season.  the "what-if" games wiz fans play are why clowns like Grunfeld get to stick around.  yea the wizards have played a few good games with wall, but let's be real this team still has a loooooooooooooong way to go
Agent Zero7::The Wizards organization has been plagued with injuries well beyond the normal point though. Facts are different than excuses
Forthewin216::And I'm not trying to compare the Wizards and the bulls. The wizards are a 500 team with wall. The bulls are alittle better than 500 team without rose instead of a team that would roll anyone
Forthewin216::One player does make a huge difference is what they are saying. Wall isn't 100% but having him back helps a lot. I mean look at the Bulls, without Rose they aren't the same
taayox::no arguments here. Front office and even coaching staff has to still be revamped. Even without Wall, this team should have been closer to .500 record especially with all the lost close games. As I have always said, it goes down to a losing mentality/culture and it all starts up top from the GM to coaches to players.
bosoxrick::and gilberts injury a few years ago, and caron's multiple injuries.  it goes on and on.  bottom line:injuries happen and this team just can't handle them like the rest of the league.  front office staff has to go. period.
wadlez::Wall makes a HUGE difference so I'd say his injury made an impact. It's not an excuse to say walls injury is why the wiz have the record they have
wadlez::Fact: if the wizards had wall all year they would be a 500 team
Hondo Kid::Why was denver rated no. Four on the espn rankings?  I thought that was gunna be exposed quickly.  Way to go bullets.
wadlez::John wall to Bradley beal get used to it nba (I hope)...
taayox::And that fool Chris Broussad said that Wall has no vision. what a clown comment to make.
dante2900::someone tell the bobcats we're on their tail!!! whoop whoop
The Notorious CJ From San Andreas::John Wall is turning this team around.
cats_beat_bulls::NUGGETS SHOULD GO AFTER COUSINS. GET RID OF MCGEE
wadlez::No $@%! McGee is not a player any winning te would want
relinquishy::if i were a winning team I'd rather have him than the d12 copy cousins
cats_beat_bulls::HOW IS GALLINARI DOING AND WILSON CHANDLER
Hlee196::eating up the salary cap...
PhiBuffa::The Nuggets honestly need to package some of their "depth" to a team that needs some and get either a great player or a great pick in return.
hokiepokie90::Watching this game and seeing how sad of a player JaVale McGee still is made me happy as a Wizards fan.  He still has no offensive game besides monster dunks and it was funny every time the Nuggets tried to throw an oop to him just to have it stolen out of the air. Not to mention the fact that Nene, who we got for the JaVale deal, is a true monster and has brought a much needed veteran presence to this young team. Also, having Wall back makes this team a tough one to beat no matter who is playing them.
hokiepokie90::The stats don't matter. I would much rather have a smart player than one who only cares about being on sportscenter.
Barrk_40::McGee put up a near identical stat line to Nene tonight while playing 15 fewer minutes.
taayox::Nene is still not fully healed. And he brings other qualities that Mcgee knows nothing about.
taayox::loved how Seraphin owned him time and time again.
rbmw263::yea Wiz!
Barrk_40::Wheres the guy that told me I was wrong!  I TOLD YOU THE NUGGETS WOULD LOSE
dante2900::when the wizards beat orlando, the top ten hightlight for the night included two plays made by orlando and none by the wizards. wall crossed over ish smith and made him fall. i wonder how many denver highlights espn will show tonight.  not hating on denver, just epsn (justifiably)
STLNBA99::the wizards time will come
Barrk_40::Meet your 2054 World Champion................ LAS VEGAS WIZARDS!!!
Barrk_40::Barrk_40- The Nuggets will choke like Manning did   (3 Hours ago) =================================================  I WAS RIGHT!
Daryl_Dixon::Wizards backcourt is set for the next decade.
Agent Zero7::if Wall stays
sportsfan4lif::People are ready to pencil this team in the NBA Finals next year.  C'mon, don't be ridiculous.  This team is still 8-29.  I bet the Wizards don't win 30 games this year.
wadlez::Also theater reason they have the record they have is the injury to wall. If they had wall all year they woul be close to 500
wadlez::Anyone who pencils the wiz into the finals next year has major issues
relinquishy::the great thing is that Wall could never shoot great but was always a great passer and driver, and now that he has a dominant knock down shooter to pass to instead of having to take shots himself, the sky is the limit.
relinquishy::ikr
Hlee196::This nuggets need to get their excuses out of here... Don't want to hear it anymore. What a joke nuggets.
cats_beat_bulls::IGGY TO THE KNICKS FOR AMARE :)
Hlee196::trade him to anyone... Overrated.
taayox::All I really need for the rest of this season is for the wizards to keep playing like this and get me through until opening day of baseball. can they manage that?
sportsfan4lif::Watching the Wizards is a complete waste of time.  I wouldn't go to the games if I only had to pay a dime.  Going to Maryland games is ten times more fun.
taayox::I am watching and rooting for  the terps too. They need to get better on offense. Len needs to demand the ball with more authority too.
taayox::Yeah. can't wait. we have a near flawless team and I am excited. A little bit nervous to see how they play when there is such great expectation though.
relinquishy::what about dem terps?
wadlez::This baseball season is going to be awesome
xxCLOCKWORKxx::Walls only gonna get better. Leading his team off the bench fresh off a injury
Daryl_Dixon::He has been fantastic since returning.
STLNBA99::Let's see St. Louis just had Brad Beal go #3, Ben McLemore and Otto Porter are possibly up next as well. Go St. Louis - Give us an NBA team already bring back the Hawks!
STLNBA99::oh...well i take getting an NBA team back to st. louis very seriously...45 years man...And I take my Rams and Cardinals seriously.
relinquishy::i was being sarcastic lol
relinquishy::but....but....the Rams are already so good! Why would you want an NBA team?
STLNBA99::we can have the Rams AND the Hawks - we want both
relinquishy::In the last 5 games, Beal is shooting 53% from the field, 68% from three, 82% from the line, averaging 21 ppg, 4 assists, 4 rebounds and 1 steal. The 3rd pick in the draft has arrived.
taayox::Some scouts say Ben Mclemore is a better prospect than Brad Beal.  Not sure I agree and Beal is still only 19.
relinquishy::and then again who would draft someone that early in the draft at the same position as the stud 19 yr old 3rd pick in the draft that we already have
Fnv2001::John Wall totally abused Andre Miller with about 50 seconds to go...blew right by him.
Daryl_Dixon::He abused anyone that was guarding him tonight. He got into the paint at will.
Gpaz85::Brad beal has been ballin lately he is finally playing like the 3rd overall pick. If he keeps improving and we get another lottery pick, we might be talkin playoffs in 2014!
Gpaz85::i also think Beal has a little bit of d-wade in him
Gpaz85::i agree, and he has been playing better with wall back, he should win rookie if the month award
wadlez::That was the design wall and beal complement each other perfectly
wadlez::You have to realize he is only 19... There were bound to be growing pains.. I am 22 and couldn't imagine the pressure of playing in the nba
relinquishy::ikr! he's playing unreal as of late. I mean almost all-star starter numbers.
Daryl_Dixon::This Wizards team has a bright future. John Wall and Bradley Beal have looked fantastic.
huntr04::Caps season tomorrow
wadlez::I haven't been this excited to be a wiz fan in 5 years
taayox::tell me about it. Same here haha!.
Fnv2001::Since the 2007-08 season Denver was 115-9 at home when scoring 100 points..crazy.
