BlazeandWillieGNYK::JR Smith is the man!!!  Knickstape!  http://tinyurl.com/GoingtotheKnicksGame
All.Star54321::http://isportslife.wordpress.com/2012/12/01/sports-sensations-2/ do you agree?
NewYorkSportsLife19::Knicks-Kings!!! Cant wait baby!! Lets get this 22nd win! Then it's back to the Garden to whoop the Blazers!!!!!!!!
thyshakes::JR, if you keep this up, the Knicks will match ANY offer when your contract expires.  Just ask Lin's agent.
zoom-390::sorry thyshakes..Jr fits in just  right. If he keeps it up, hw eill be sixth man of the year.
thyshakes::Top paying team but the oldest team.  Top paying team but can't get pass 1st round playoff for over a decade.  Yes, I agree that the Knicks management has been making the right decisions if you live on Mars.
NewYorkSportsLife19::go to the Rockets board you miserable little shrimpdick. Your a Lin fan and nobody wants Lintardes rooting for there team because they are fake. You were supposedly a Knicks fan just a year ago lol.
thyshakes::Yes.  Once he gets couple more years, he will fit right in.  The Knicks just love paying top dollars for older experienced player who couldn't make it past 1st round of playoff.
NewYorkSportsLife19::Of course Jr would be much more worth matching... And he wants to be a NY Knick
MA _ BARKER::Im getting a tad nervous, JR is playing so well this season he might demand big money in the offseason and I dont think the knicks have the cap space to meet his demands
kmoe332::if they feel he is worth it they will pay it. Lin was not worth it so they didnt pay it
thyshakes::No way.  The Knicks will match ANY Offer.  Their promise is good as gold.
Donnie Walsh::Hey Ma, Knicks can go over the Cap to sign their own Free Agents so no problem!!
yankeemichael11::ANYONE HERE?
Donnie Walsh::Most people are also on the pipe!!!!
oneandonlybabe::probably true... LOL Was just trying to help. Most ESPN users love to hate those two teams
oneandonlybabe::most people on heat and lakers boards
canesfan1290::need melo healthy. and actually need amare bad, injuries piling up, felton hurt dosent matter hes in a huge slump he needs to be out more then 4 weeks.
Need4Speed95::Definitely need Anthony back ASAP.  Way too close, and they would of taking care of the Lakers if they had Carm.
Crooklynism::so glad felton is out a month, get to see Prigioni swish &amp; dish some more
OhIoSTBigTenBoI::12345
st benny::why is this front news on espn? they didnt beat no one good,
MA _ BARKER::Your grade school English teacher would be proud to see your extensive use of the English language
hornsfanatx86::bc they have talked enough about the bcs....for now anyways....
OhIoSTBigTenBoI::12345
oneandonlybabe::A win is a win but again too close for comfort... that third quarter was hard to watch. Good thing they started out the season so well. Hopefully this somewhat rough patch will pass before Amar'e (and all the uncertainty he brings) comes back.
alexhernandezh::This was an excellent win, given none of our superstars were playing, our starting point guard is out and our key veteran (other than Kidd) has not played in some time.  I truly thought going into this game that the Knicks would lose.  I was almost right, but I am very happy the Knicks stuck out a win.
KnicksAllStars::I think the Suns fans just got Rick Rolled by the Knicks lol.
OhIoSTBigTenBoI::12345:)
thedealerkuo::jr smith.  27 points on 27 shots.  -2 overall.  thats a kobe kinda night
kmoe332::he did hit the game winner on the road with his team down 2 starters... i think i would take that any time
Thetimpanikid16::or something like that...
Thetimpanikid16::he did have 5 steals, 6 boards, 5 assists and a block...
Slangin bricks::THE KNICKS ARE THE MOST SWAGGED OUT TEAM THIS THERE SOMETHING THAT YOU WOULD SEE IN A MOVIE DID YOU SEE JR'S SALSA DANCE??? PEOPLE ARE HATING ON THE KNICKS CAUSE THEY WISHED THE LIVED IN NEW YORK   http://media.tumblr.com/99fee6a8dddda07b31c8b0cf5130b846/tumblr_inline_mfobfnqxRK1qbiklm.gif
hornsfanatx86::NoleEngineer 10 best fan bases in all of sports  1. Yankees  2. Lakers  3. Knicks  4. St Louis Cardinals   5. NY Giants  6. Packers  7. Real Madrid  8. Manchester United  9. Barcelona  10. San Francisco Giants =====================================  cowboys? lol
alexhernandezh::I would put Knicks fans higher than Lakers fans since the Knicks ride or die regardless of wins or losses.  The Lakers fans are only there because it's cool (showtime) to be at games with a bunch of celebrities.  They have way more celebrities in the stands than the Knicks do.  They do have great fans, however, but don't just give them the spot because people hate on the Knicks and the Lakers are popular.  You'd have to also weigh who'd be there regardless.
alexhernandezh::Also, the patriots have excellent fans, as well as Celtics.  Before the big three joined the Celtics, the stands were still full while they had some bad seasons.
kmoe332::yeah i would put all of those plus some ahead of any other U.S team on here easily
Kurtis121908::You have to include college football fanbases in this list. ND, Bama, OSU, UM?
thedealerkuo::that list has to be a joke.  the yankee's don't even sell out and the laker fans don't show up till the second quarter.  both fanbases are infested with ban wagon frauds, much like the cowboys
kmoe332::if you are going to include soccer than they should be 1-10, im not huge on soccer but those are some real fans
kmoe332::i agree.. but since he did mention them he got it completely wrong by not having them 1-10. Im not a big soccer fan by any means but from what i see/read those are real fans that are on a whole different level than American fans
354East::true but when talking about sports in this country it's common courtesy not to talk about european soccer teams... i know their fans are passionate but it's just comparing two different things.
354East::It didn't deserve a response once he included soccer teams
Black people have big lips::What would u do if u were a knicks fan?? A knicks fan would likely be Fat, ghetto, black, low intelligence, uneducated, tiny pp, have a fat wife, yellow teethe, sleeps with sister and mom...   GET SOME KNICK FANS
bdb198525::then she has the nerve to call anyone uneducated what a klit
bdb198525::this guy is a joke what u just said in the friendly confines of ya mommasbasement online, go say it to a black person or a NYer. lets see how long u live or have your limbs, girl  what a joke. must be a stupid cracker living in the south.
Thetimpanikid16::lol at this post.... if New Yorkers are uneducated then I don't want to know how educated the people in the middle of nowhere are. I mean look how idiotic this guy's screen name is.... that sounds so informative!!
zoom-390::This is the only way you can talk this knind of s#%t. Hidding behind your computer! You wait till your in a nice safe place cause people like you are only good for one thing TALKING!!! You would get your jaw broke and leggs popped off any place else!!
hornsfanatx86::cool names guys!!!!
Black people have big lips::thanks
Slangin bricks::hey that sounds like you
ron4317::Knicks definitely look hungrier this year.
bdb198525::wallace and melo fat? felton fat? this coming from blogging idiots who are probably virgins, has no life, will never see a million dollars and is probably are fat couch potatos well on their way to heart disease and cardiac arrest
Black people have big lips::hahhahaha dumb  RON
Dengue-Fever::yeah Felton fat a$$ sho is hungry..
Black people have big lips::yea they are.. WALLACE is a fat slob and so is melo
Black people have big lips::get some kid.. ill $@% u up
Mets-Jets-Knicks19::and ur a dbag
OhIoSTBigTenBoI::1034
NoleEngineer::10 best fan bases in all of sports 1. Yankees 2. Lakers 3. Knicks 4. St Louis Cardinals  5. NY Giants 6. Packers 7. Real Madrid 8. Manchester United 9. Barcelona 10. San Francisco Giants
bdb198525::knicks fans leave early? u mean the same knicks fans who always are early and, always sell out MSG and has been for the last 15 years?
The Zink::Lakers and Knicks are 2 of the most notorious 'arrive late, leave early' luxury box/corporate crowds in sport.
The Zink::11-for-27 and 0-for-downtown is a "lift"?
bdb198525::u gotta love ppl throwing around the words "cancer" around. probably dont even know what cancer is u are a joke. jr must have molested u when u was 3 poor kid! lmao silly bag
kmoe332::27 and 2 huge shots under a minute umm yes i would consider it a big lift
terrymcfarlngton::Someone is a fan.  LOL he is garbage and a cancer to whatever team he is on.  Mark my words, the Knicks will be a 4 or 5 at best and watching the second round on TV.
The Zink::If you clanked a few less earlier in the game you wouldn't need the drama.
terrymcfarlngton::kmoe332 - lol please stop making yourself look foolish  you be the only fool here, kiddy
kmoe332::lol please stop making yourself look foolish
vplaskan1::If you make a game winning shot as time expires, does that not lift a team to victory?
Black people have big lips::spike lee is DUMB.... thats all they have that is famous... WHAT A JOKE
Thetimpanikid16::lol you really need to get over yourself ^
Thetimpanikid16::@black people.... not you zoom
zoom-390::Get a job hahahahaha. I probobly have a better career and make more money than both of you clowns.
Black people have big lips::ur a loser..
JJATLJJ48::2nd Closet Queer
JJATLJJ48::Terry = closet queer
zoom-390::so desperate for attention....
Black people have big lips::u are too... get a job kid...
zoom-390::like i said a child.....
Thetimpanikid16::I don't work at a desk....
terrymcfarlngton::Thetimpanikid16 - it's not even worth it anymore.... lol making physical threats on an ESPN board is about as useful as these two clowns grammar.... hopefully it's time for them to go to their day jobs at Burger King...  LOL I am rich and don't need to work, unlike you, desk jockey.
Thetimpanikid16::it's not even worth it anymore.... lol making physical threats on an ESPN board is about as useful as these two clowns grammar.... hopefully it's time for them to go to their day jobs at Burger King...
Black people have big lips::u are too... get some pow
zoom-390::terrymcfarlngton-you talk like your 12 years old. you need to mature a little before you have conversations with grown people.
terrymcfarlngton::zoom-390 - terrymcfarlngton-you talk like your 12 years old. you need to mature a little before you have conversations with grown people.  Ahhh zoom, zoom, zoom....you are just asking for a beatdown.  You know nothing and need to zip it before I smack you around.
kmoe332::cute you two 12 yr olds getting on here together and doing your mom jokes.. i remember being 12.. enjoy
terrymcfarlngton::Thetimpanikid16 - "at what exactly"  What is he mad about? lol Terry you're an idiot... a 5 year old would have gotten that...  what? what? what? what? idiot.
Thetimpanikid16::"at what exactly"  What is he mad about? lol Terry you're an idiot... a 5 year old would have gotten that...
terrymcfarlngton::kmoe332 - good one. no mom joke that time?  her mouth was stuffed with her panties.
kmoe332::good one. no mom joke that time?
terrymcfarlngton::kmoe332 - at what exactly?  What?  Shut up. Idiot.
kmoe332::at what exactly?
terrymcfarlngton::LOL you so meeeeeaaaaaaaaddddddd bro!  Knicks suck balls!
terrymcfarlngton::Nah, kid.  Your mom's mouth.
rtbjr3000::Do you need attention bro?
Thetimpanikid16::mmmm right.... well considering I've already played at carnegie hall 9 times, sat in on multiple pit orchestras (I'm a drummer), studied with the most successful percussionists in the country.... I'd say I have a better future than you. lol Taco Bell.... you only mention it because that's where you work.
terrymcfarlngton::Thetimpanikid16 - lol I'm not married.... I'm a college student. Soon I'll have a good job and I'll have a nice family. You, on the other hand, will probably marry your cousin...  lol you are in college. wow. Congrats! I look forward to you serving me at Taco Bell soon too.
Black people have big lips::do u need attention bro... loser
rtbjr3000::I knew you would take it as a joke, pendejo.
Thetimpanikid16::lol I'm not married.... I'm a college student. Soon I'll have a good job and I'll have a nice family. You, on the other hand, will probably marry your cousin...
terrymcfarlngton::Thetimpanikid16 - oh that's right..... black people have big lips is taking it from you right now....  LOL you must be mad bro?  Why so mad, bro?  Is your wife taking right now from someone else?  ROFL at your stupid face.
Black people have big lips::dumb
Thetimpanikid16::oh that's right..... black people have big lips is taking it from you right now....
Thetimpanikid16::no pretty sure your cojones are in some dudes $@% right about now...
terrymcfarlngton::rtbjr3000 - 236 #4j, bronx ny, 10457. Now, come &amp; get me if you have the cojones, mamaguebo!  My cojones are in your mom's mouth, being gargled.
rtbjr3000::236 #4j, bronx ny, 10457. Now, come &amp; get me if you have the cojones, mamaguebo!
terrymcfarlngton::Thetimpanikid16 - ^ that doesn't make any sense....  your face doesn't make any sense.
Thetimpanikid16::^ that doesn't make any sense....
terrymcfarlngton::do you need to die bro?
Black people have big lips::KNICKS fans blow
Black people have big lips::Agree with ya.. sheed, camby, kurt thomas.. hahah they are all like 50
terrymcfarlngton::Thetimpanikid16 - definition of troll.... someone from outside their own teams board and posting nonsense. rtbjr3000 is a Knicks fan.... can't be a troll on his own board. Sorry....  TROLL TROLL TROLL
Thetimpanikid16::definition of troll.... someone from outside their own teams board and posting nonsense. rtbjr3000 is a Knicks fan.... can't be a troll on his own board. Sorry....
terrymcfarlngton::rtbjr3000 - At least they are NBA players, not a brainless troll posting stupid sh t online just to get attention.  the only brainless troll in here is you, son.
rtbjr3000::At least they are NBA players, not a brainless troll posting stupid sh t online just to get attention.
Thetimpanikid16::so why are you posting on our board? Closet lover?
Thetimpanikid16::no..... midtown, manhattan.... and uh yeah I'm the idiot.... are you working on your masters degree? no... you're sitting at home in your parents basement jacking off to each other. Have a good time, $@%! heads...
Thetimpanikid16::meaning a Knicks fan board... how am I the idiot?
Black people have big lips::this kid is crazy... he must be from newton or va tech
Black people have big lips::HAHAHAHAHHAH... our board...lol. stupid kid
terrymcfarlngton::"our" board?  LOL ROFL at you.  Idiot, idiot, idiot!!
Black people have big lips::they think there team is the best thing ever..... its like Mello is good not great and the rest of the team sucks... esp chandler
terrymcfarlngton::Thetimpanikid16 - it's not their* board.... learn to speak. And yeah... I mean considering you don't have any favorite teams listed there's no way to know who you cheer for. But most people would just assume you're a troll... and they'd be right.  you are the troll. TROLL TROLL TROLL AND AN A-HOLE.
Thetimpanikid16::it's not their* board.... learn to speak. And yeah... I mean considering you don't have any favorite teams listed there's no way to know who you cheer for. But most people would just assume you're a troll... and they'd be right.
terrymcfarlngton::Thetimpanikid16 - mmmm yeah that 28.5 ppg is 2nd in the NBA. I'd say everyone on that team is in better shape than you.... and most definitely all of us....  Nah Im in much better shape than that fat tub of goo.  He has a nice jumper but that is about it.  No D by the way.  He is too busy eating.
Thetimpanikid16::mmmm yeah that 28.5 ppg is 2nd in the NBA. I'd say everyone on that team is in better shape than you.... and most definitely all of us....
terrymcfarlngton::Thetimpanikid16 - you wouldn't take a double double most nights from your big man? yeah and one of the top offenses in basketball and a top 10 defense either? You're a clown... or your just 10 years old. Did you get your tampons for christmas?  No YOU are the clown. Melo is fat and overrated, just like the whole team.
Thetimpanikid16::you wouldn't take a double double most nights from your big man? yeah and one of the top offenses in basketball and a top 10 defense either? You're a clown... or your just 10 years old. Did you get your tampons for christmas?
Black people have big lips::its not there board.. dummy.. it could be suns board too. knicks dont own it.. get it right before i pound u thetimapankid 16
terrymcfarlngton::they have already come back down to earth.  Wont make it past the first round.
terrymcfarlngton::agreed.
Knicks2012Champs111::knicks really need Amare back, when he gets back knicks will be #1 team in east
miami360x::You shouldn't be striving for the 1st seed. You should be striving to have your team healthy and peaking when the playoffs start.
terrymcfarlngton::LOL #1 team in the east.  Please.
Webelieve012309::Damn Terry, really got it bad for the Knicks huh?  The team thanks you
terrymcfarlngton::Rkingofqueens - Why is this shocking they're number 2 now lol  They will be 4 or 5 by the end of the season.
Rkingofqueens::Why is this shocking they're number 2 now lol
terrymcfarlngton::you are such a troll
Black people have big lips::Idiot...
Black people have big lips::KMOE 332.. is the $@%!...
kmoe332::learn english follwed by u and T A R D.. hmmmmmm
Black people have big lips::u sux too..LOL learn english u dumb  T A R D
Knicks2012Champs111::u r the idiot u sux too
Black people have big lips::Knicks are overrattted....... Chandler is a wannabee tough guy....
terrymcfarlngton::knicks suck balls
terrymcfarlngton::kmoe332 - so do your lips  my lips are too busy being with your mom
kmoe332::so do your lips
Knicks2012Champs111::idiot
Black people have big lips::Ur dumb...... u must be from NY
Knicks2012Champs111::u shut up loser or ill do something
Black people have big lips::idiot... right.. Get some loser
Knicks2012Champs111::the suns have no superstars on that team, they need help
terrymcfarlngton::you need to be committed....forever
2hard4u2c::f(ckn love JR Smith. one of the best scorers in the NBA.
Heatle Beatle::One of the best shot chuckers maybe
Knicks2012Champs111::best scorers in the NBA? wtf
terrymcfarlngton::stop typing
colts139::the suns are so bad, they'll get the no 1 pick in the draft
Knicks2012Champs111::doubt taht, bobacats will get it
terrymcfarlngton::Thetimpanikid16 - ^ get a better screen name.... should you be getting a job too since you seem intent on giving this guy a hard time? psh...  I gave your mom a hard time last night
Thetimpanikid16::^ get a better screen name.... should you be getting a job too since you seem intent on giving this guy a hard time? psh...
Black people have big lips::get a job
colts139::the suns suck so bad
Tinman1188::you noticed the Knicks didn't have their leading scorer or point guard, right?  And they were playing on the road?  Or did you skim past that part?
terrymcfarlngton::kmoe332 - did you skim past him saying the suns suck so bad?  Just like your mom?
kmoe332::did you skim past him saying the suns suck so bad?
rtbjr3000::Some people have selective memory or they are just full of excrement.
colts139::if the knicks lost....wow !
rtbjr3000::If the Knicks had lost what??? No Carmelo, Felton or Wallace ( A'mare, Shumpert ).
tmoneyinmphs::Phoenix's shot clock operator hesitated in turning on the shot clock.  Jr had caught the ball, turned, and was going up before the clock started.   I still think the shot would have been good tho, but it would have been close.
tmoneyinmphs::Well, they probably got closer to 1.6 seconds anyways.
Tinman1188::probably right.  Evened out in the end.  Always drives me nuts how long 1 second takes in the NBA, (unless it benefits my team of course).
Tinman1188::they should have had more than 1 second to begin with.  Never replayed that play before, where it looked like the ball went out of bounds with 1.6 seconds left
jdreebs::Marsh-Melo out again.  Guy is so soft.
zoom-390::You ever try to run with a hyperextended knee? Very painful.
jdreebs::You Knicks fans are so pitiful.  You get all excited every year and win nothing.  LeBron will haunt you like mj did.
Rkingofqueens::How is it pitiful to like your team and hope they win lol
jdreebs::Your right he's just the unluckiest star in the nba.  Durant Westbrook LeBron Kobe none of them play through injury?  How long he gonna be out for on this one?
rtbjr3000::Yes Einstein, it all depends on the kind of injury.
jdreebs::Yea bc LeBron is in better shape.  Melo won't play 10 consecutive games the rest of the year.  Guy has a new injury every week.  Maybe he'll get a cut on his shooting hand this time.
Tinman1188::last two times was the same injury.  His sprained knee, which was reinjured.  Keep going though.  You're really on a roll now.  Being in shape has nothing to do with a guy falling and taking out your knee.  Or falling backward and having your leg and knee pinned under you.
jdreebs::Don't see LeBron sitting out every three games
rtbjr3000::People like you just want to talk crap any chance they get no matter how ignorant or dumb they sound.
Tinman1188::don't see Lebron repeatedly spraining his knee either.  But great points.  Seriously
Tinman1188::I bet you're the epitome of tough guys, though.  Probably still typing through a sprained finger
yourmothersmustache::pretty much the opposite of you when you see a shirtless man right?
theflyeststar::felton and brewer have been playing hurt, that's the only reason their play has dropped off
KodeRed2Klub::NYK should bench Ronnie Brewer....that dude's J is broke and he's a liability on the floor.
KodeRed2Klub::Yeah, I went to the Knicks/Grizzlies game in Memphis last year and Shump was just bringing the ball up and jacking shots.  I was like WTH is he doing?  LOL....that was under Mike D though.
theflyeststar::he got a lot better when woody took over, shump can and will be a great player very soon
yourmothersmustache::Shump is definitely a better shooter than Brewer but he does tend to be a bit of a chucker.  I hope hes learned to strop that a bit because although his D is awesome that used to bother me a bit
theflyeststar::shump improved a lot last season, his shot selection got better, timing and finishing were much improved at the end of the season
KodeRed2Klub::Yeah, at the beginning of the year I was wondering how Shump would fit in since Brewer was hitting the corner 3, but Woodson's decision gets easier by the game.
theflyeststar::he's been playing injured for a few weeks
yourmothersmustache::The guy hasnt made a jumper in a month.  Shump will get most of his minutes when hes back in a few weeks.
vplaskan1::He is only starting until Shump comes back, and he isn't really there for his offense
yourmothersmustache::Potnip77 is a Punk Troll
Mr. Nut Job::Best 6th man this year...
vplaskan1::Honestly, I'd say Crawford, but JR is a very close second.
Potnip77::I've watched three Knicks games so far this season. In every one of them, J.R. Smith has committed a foul that deserves a punch to his face. He undercut Goran Dragic on a breakaway layup and knocked Goran out of the game. He is a thug, a jerk and I hope he breaks his leg.
Slangin bricks::i hear too many white people call nba players thugs get over it
zoom-390::ya'll keep saying smith undercut goran. I want to see any of you run at top speed and then stopon a dime. smith did what he could to avoid making contact.
Mr. Nut Job::Are you White?  You sound it.
Tinman1188::of course he is.  A black guy with tattoos is automatically a thug.
yourmothersmustache::Thug?  JR may be a lot of things but I dont see how you could call him a thug.
Tinman1188::You seem mad
Potnip77::NY better pick it up on the road if they want to contend. 9-6? Looks like pretenders and not contenders to me.
miami360x::Whats worse? Not winning a championship since 1973 or winning 1 playoff game in the last 12 years?
Tinman1188::you should try to post on FOUR boards!!  That would be neat.
miami360x::your mother must have smoked a lot of crack when she had you.
Tinman1188::good for you tiger.  Three boards at once?!?!  Your mother must be proud
miami360x::actually i'm on the heat board, the laker's board, and the knick's board. Some knick fans here are also on the heat board as well.
Tinman1188::hey it's a Heat fan spending his morning on the Knicks page.  You don't seem threatened at all
jcthree0303::The champs are the champs until knocked off. Only time will tell.
Tinman1188::Best road record in the east. Beat a team without Anthony and Felton. Otherwise, great point
KrazyYayo::And we've beat them ... twice.
Potnip77::Nah, Miami is still the team to beat in the East.
vplaskan1::How can they be a contender? They are 6-4 on the road, you just said 9-6 wasn't good enough on the road, but 6-4 is? Sounds like you are contradicting yourself.
vplaskan1::I guess everyone in the East look like pretenders to you, cause no other team in the East has a better road record than the Knicks.
Potnip77::JR Smith is a punk.
jcthree0303::I did. Ive seen it before. Interesting how Gentry and Goran didn't think it was intentional and they were there seeing it first hand.
Potnip77::See what he did to Goran? $@%! JR Smith.
zoom-390::Were you watching the game? I saw Smith try to avoid the contact but he was moving to fast. His shoulder brushed Gorans leg. Nothing intentional about it.
jcthree0303::Wow. What excellent analysis. You must work for ESPN.
hornsfanatx86::so honest opinion on j kidd?
hornsfanatx86::best perimeter defender? isnt he too slow?
Daryl_Dixon::Knicks MVP and their best perimeter defender
GateTitan6::That was crazy. Considering those shots are mostly what JR does, it's still amazing what he did. The first one was far more difficult.
yuseffhilton::With demise of "The Knicks have lost 3 of their last 5," does ESPN's new meme now become "the Knicks have won 5 of their last 8."
SRQBetterThanYou::I'm so tired of all the haters saying that the Knicks have to get past the first round in order to win respect.
SRQBetterThanYou::I know the Knicks have a good record, but how did they end up losing all of these games in this short span of time?
miami360x::What Melo adds to the Knicks on offense, he takes away from the Knicks on defense.
kmoe332::Wade best sg defender because he blocks centers LOL. See when you say something like this you have no chance. When you want look like you have a clue, back what you are saying up with some stats. You are welcome
kmoe332::well see its good to use them to actually support what you are saying istead of just throwing out garbage
kmoe332::ahh ok you gave up. Good try, maybe next time you will bring something intelligent to the table. Maybe just start with a history lesson and you will not make yourself look bad
Tinman1188::yes let's blame this on the infamous anonymous "knicks fans" you met on a message board.  You need to educate us all.  Keep up the good work.
miami360x::You could have fooled me. Knicks fans thought they had the finals all wrapped up when they were 1st in the east.
Tinman1188::last I checked, you can't win playoff games or a championship in December.  All we can talk about is today's team and yesterday's game, which we're trying to do, speaking of morons.  But thanks for the impromptu history lesson.  Seems very relevant today
miami360x::you guys won 1 playoff game in 12 years. you haven't won a championship in over 35 years. Melo is your leader. I'm not threatened, I just like to bring morons back down to earth. Besides, the heat board is full of knick fans right now.
Tinman1188::he's not going anywhere.  He's a Heat fan who's obviously threatened by the Knicks, so he feels the need to spend his morning on the Knicks page after a regular season December win against the Suns.  Probably nowhere to be found after the two Knicks-Heat games this season
kmoe332::im not sure what this means? I have watched every Knick game this year, and a bunch of Heat games... im not sure where you are going with this.
miami360x::Its good to use them instead of watching the game huh?
kmoe332::lol overrated kobe who has been first or second team 11 of past 12 years? Hahahaah and who has no clue? Crazy how he has managed to fool so many people for so long into believing he is a good defender..
miami360x::welcome back from the stat pages.
kmoe332::consistenly aka 3 times in his career... and not in the last couple. Even Heat fans that know something about basketball (not many exist) will tell you Wades D has fallen off at an incredible rate. Like i said its hard to play D when you are on the ground on the other end of the court looking for a call
kmoe332::lol because he has a couple blocks here and there he is the best defensive sg? Nate Robinson once blocked yao ming... Nate best defender ever!! How can wade be a good defender when he is on the ground from falling for no reason on the other end of the court?
Tinman1188::Funny coming from a heat fan, by far the most casual fanbase in the league.
miami360x::He's consistently NBA all second team for defense(something Melo would know nothing about). He would be first if it wasn't for overrated Kobe. You must be another casual Knick fan.
kmoe332::watch the knicks play... funny as a miami fan you talking about the defense of someone else. Wade is an awful defender and an even worse flopper
yourmothersmustache::miami360x - Wade is the best defensive SG in the league. What other guard do you know that blocks centers? Talk about clueless. Do you only watch basketball when then knicks are above average? Because then you must not watch a lot of basketball.  Thats pretty funny.  Wade best defensive SG.  No.
miami360x::Wade is the best defensive SG in the league. What other guard do you know that blocks centers? Talk about clueless. Do you only watch basketball when then knicks are above average? Because then you must not watch a lot of basketball.
The Hairless Sasquatch Wrangler::Try actually watching games and maybe you won't sound so dumb  Melo's all around game has been tremendous. But you're a Heat "fan" so it's no surprise you are clueless
miami360x::Melo is a low budget Kobe.
knicks_112ndcoming::WAHHHHH.
knicks_112ndcoming::Miami was the better team. we all know that?  your wins are getting boring these days ? huh bahaha.
miami360x::Is that what you sounded like when the Heat knocked the Knicks out the first round and went on to win the finals?
coljetsfan::This win just goes to show everone how deep the Knicks bench really is.  Without Melo and Felton they still found a way to win, on the road after a tough loss to the Lakers on Christmas.  To all you Knick non believers...do you believe now??  You'd better...
Dengue-Fever::HELL NO..get past the first round than talk..reg. season chumps.I mean champs
Thetimpanikid16::If Pablo is gonna back up Kidd now, he's gonna have to look for his shot more.
Daryl_Dixon::Suns should just clean house and rebuild. They have a lot of nice pieces that would interest playoff teams.
jtru001::they really should dragic, gortat and dudley would be a nice piece for any contender.
