Tony::As a fan of the Nets and Deron Williams, I feel like the Nets don't really care much about winning anymore. Why did they sit their best player 2mins left in the the 3rd quarter. We're down but not out at that point. Where is the fight? Where is the passion. I've seen teams come back with way less time than that. Honestly, if these guys are too old, overpaid and on their way out at least go out in a blaze of glory. You may not be playing next year! This is not a team that wants to win. Rather a team that's just sitting on their big contracts. Step back and see the big picture. 5 year from now, how do you want to be remembered. Winning isn't everything but heart is.
John::I think the nets should do ak47 a favor and try to trade him to the spurs. Hes at the end of his career and the style of play of the spur would be perfect for him. When i look at roster the nets have to many starters and it take a special mind set to be effective off the bench. They could get #$%$ and/or green in a package. And then use pierce or johnson to houston for asik and lin.
Fort Apache::Mason Plumlee's brother, Miles, is starting to heat up in Phoenix. He was like a diamond in the rough. Now he's getting some polish. Brooklyn got its players too close to the end of their careers. This isn't going to end well. San Antonio is too quick, and old guys don't like to play D. I have a sore back - wish I could've stayed away from work as long as Kirilenko has. What size paycheck is he getting for sitting on his butt again?
PC::Nobody even talk about NETS anymore. I like Kid but need to fire him at once.  I think there is some time left for a new comer to fix the problem to get a spot to play off.  I will fire King as well and give the power to Jackson.
Help, I Flopped And Cant Get Up::Lin and Asik for Deron Williams now if Rockets are even interested anymore.  Only chance to salvage your season before Williams trade value goes even lower.  Firing Kidd and King as well.  Buffoons of the highest magnitude.
Ice::Its time to dump the Jason Kidd experiment and salvage something out of this season.The east is very weak so something can be had out of the division & conference.
Guest::Thank god the Spurs only have 26 games to play against the garbage East. This is getting so boring watching these blowouts. Flipping back and forth to the Thunder/Blazers game, at least that will be a close one!!
Ish::wow..the Spurs scored only 15 pts. in the fourth quarter.. it must be that stalwart defense of Brklyn  I'm not a fan of either team, but I respect Coach Pop..few coaches know their players better and the way he rests his veterans is so smart..it's a long season..stuff happens..play your bench when you can; you'll be rewarded in the future..plus it builds better team unity when everyone is involved
JAY::Brooklyn is done. Time to rebuild. Dump is roster as soon as possible.
getoutnow::Happy New Year SPURS FANS!     GO SPURS GO!
