kenneth32144::jon wall is good bucks are great
matthewsimms::Bucks are garbage.  To almost lose to the Wizards who are the 2nd worst team in the NBA.  Bucks need some major improvement and most likely (unfortunately) getting rid of Brandon Jennings because he doesn't have the proper BIG help he needs to succeed in Andrew Bogut.  Bogut has never played a full season and will never.  Injury prone and never going to be himself again.
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
EvolutionaryMokeski::To reward Dunleavy for his 28 points, Skiles will play him 14 minutes in the next game.
Whatshop::No, based on Skiles history of rewarding those that perform, I expect that Dunleavy will get more minutes and perhaps Livingston will need to sharpen his skills a bit more or loose his starting spot.  Dunleavy actually performs really well off the bench.  He is a real leader when the starters go to the bench and the next round of players get on the floor.
CoreyBlair31::The Kings are the FUTURE of the NBA!!!  http://sportsblogette.blogspot.com/2012/02/kings-royalty-in-sacramento.html
DaftShadow::John Wall prays every night when the day comes he is either traded or signs with another team.
dh121212::WIZ went 21 of 21 from the line and still manage to lose
baziman 007::gasol + fillers for jennings and capt jack, who says no?
cyclonextrem::Livingston does start... and Beno? Really? He gets more turnovers for the amount of minutes he plays.
twinstj2008::why would the Lakers (and for that matter any team) want Jennings?  6-18 shooting and turnovers at just the worse times!  Skiles should be starting Livingston and Beno at the guards maybe then we wouldn't be 14 and 20!
dh121212::NO
comedy2424::JOHN WALL VS BRANDON JENNINGS WHAT MORE DO I HAVE TO SAY. IT WAS A HELL OF A MATCH UP BETWEEN THESE TWO TONIGHT.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZLsl4j6ZSk&amp;context=C38e5f5aADOEgsToPDskIgNANGSCVz747n1uWWzcjK
WeAreMarquette123::no more winning for awhile, look at the bucks next 6 games (awesome)
korn7860::I bet they split em, but they really need to take 4 of them.
WeAreMarquette123::but I dont WANT them to
korn7860::Skiles even said it himself, there are too many wing players on this team (Sjax, Dunleavey, Delfino, Moute, Harris)  All primarily SF with exception of maybe Dunleavey, though you are what you can guard, and he sure cannot guard a 2G.  5 players fighting for minutes at one spot, or playing off position to get on the court just cannot happen, trade 2 away and get a true SG and a true PF.  Keep Harris for sure, out of the other 4 I do not care which 2 stay and which 2 go.
twinstj2008::I agree that there are just too many players all playing the same position but getting rid of two of these players is going to be easier said then done.  Jax is a bad apple and has been his whole career.  Dunleavey is a great shooter but really a liability on defense and at rebounding...Delfino is probably the best of the five but he is a bit short for a 3...Moute is the best defender but you lose a lot offensively with him out there...and obviously Harris is young...The real problem is that no team is going to want to pick up these players this late in a shortened season.
korn7860::Get the SG and PF, and Bogut back by March 23 and this team will be the 6-8 win 1-2 games in the first, and have some momentum to build on for next season.  Still hope in Miltown, far from purgetory, just need to teach Bogut to stop taking charges and going for fast break dunks and he will play 80% of every season instead of 50%, this ankle injury was the first injury he did not sustain because of his physical play.
WeAreMarquette123::yay! # 14 pick in draft here we come!
WeAreMarquette123::I hope we take Meyers Leonard!
WeAreMarquette123::one step closer to nba purgatory bucks, one step closer...
branted46::what happened to Nick Young only 20 min?
adajwiz::He got benched because he was playing no defense.
korn7860::And missing most shots
Gt_jackets89::Nice win, but I would have liked to seen the bucks keep the lead
adajwiz::Man I knew Wall left too much time on the clock. I can't be mad at Roger, he and Evans finally stepped up tonight. The effort was there, but bad teams always find a way to lose. Great to see McGee and Young get bench, accountability from Whittman. Wall, Booker, and Singleton really came to play on both ends. Too bad BJ and the Bucks got the win again.
twinstj2008::As a Bucks fan it is disconcerning that we are unable to keep a big lead even against the weak teams in the East.
korn7860::Man the effort was there for sure, Wiz just played there hearts out second half and almost stole one.
WiscoMase23::jennings 9 assists in the 1st half. only 2 in the second
badger0130::Beno had 9 assists in 17 mins
oguhmas::mcgee get hurt?
tizi6969::Benched, he was terrible
handycrab11::seriously what happened to javale mcgee?
airgordon15::is drew hurt?
Whatshop::Still playing with wrist sprain but Bucks really need his size and play under hoop.  Without Bogut or any center this team is just too small.
Hibachiarenas::No, he's Good....en.
DCsportsAreCursed::lol
badger0130::bucks should put the all white team on the floor. It works for Duke
buckspackers23::I would hate to be Roger Mason Jr. right now.
ashbaseball25::ikr lol
Hibachiarenas::He'll be counting his steps out of that arena.
Rich_1501::Did the crowd get to 3,000 by any chance for this cracker of a game of 2 lottery bound teams...?
ilovelamp129::hey now, bucks are still in the playoff hunt... haha
Dirtybearcub::well i guess we should take this in stride, more likely to get a better draft pick
Dan2938::wow, why is everything have so much likes
timj22sg::wall looks to be getting better
twincitiesisback::Wolves own Bucks in everything.  More wins, better ratings, better attendance, better players, better coach, better future.
dh121212::Minnesota V Wisconsin...Packers over vikes, badgers b ball and football over gophers crappy teams, Brewers over Twins, we will give you the NBA if it is that important to you ;)
handycrab11::go wolves!
dodgingrain7::You are in a Bucks / Wizards conversation and talking about the Wolves...someone seems very desperate
WiscoMase23::but the bucks beat the wolves so . . .
nfcnorthchamps25::More trolls? Yes.
The Rise of the Clippers was foreseen in Revalations::Better cheese? No.
buckspackers23::Better franchise? No.
buckspackers23::Hahah. The Bucks had one good season a few years ago. That didn't continue. Same will happen for you guys.
twincitiesisback::You won't have a franchise soon.
Dirtybearcub::quite the defining moment in the season for us, losing on a travel...
Hibachiarenas::But wait, wasn't this supposed to change with a new coach? lol
331si331::as a wiz fan, i'm happy with that. they had some fight against better bucks team to come all the way back from 21 down
Dan2938::look at all the comments below this
comedy2424::IT'S A GREAT GAME. BUT NOT AS GREAT AS THIS YOUTUBE VIDEO. JOHN WALL KILLED IN THIS.  www.youtube.com/tallguysproductions and www.facebook.com/tallguysproductions
Boise State is a joke::wow the wizards suck
Rich_1501::Mason (MIL) &gt;  Kobe as a closer
MONTA_ELLI8::fukc the bucks!!!!!!!!!!!
Hibachiarenas::Mason travelling a little too early there, wait till the flight home Roger.
pokernutty87::YESSSSSSSSS
pokernutty87::yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
lsheiner15::i know jordans better than leBron but this article did a damn good job of convincing me otherwise and now i kinda think LEBRON MIGHT BE BETTER THEN JORDAN, give me ur opinion http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
dh121212::And eat a lot of paint chips
tarresque::LOL, you must live underneath power lines
Aaron.Rob::Hey, travelings my thing.  -Lebron
twincitiesisback::Man, that arena is EMPTY.  There can't be more than 8k fans in attendance.  Pathetic support Milwaukee.   Give Seattle a team back. Milwaukee doesn't deserve theirs.
dh121212::Herb Kohl will die soon and we will get an owner who gives us a reason to show up and we will show up.,.Packed the BC last time we were in the playoffs against ATL. ...Wisconsin fans = best in the US.  Minnesota fans, wait,....does Minnesota have fans?
mjf131::So how did Seattle lose their team with such great support????  (Sound of crickets.....)
nfcnorthchamps25::Whens the last time a Minnesota team won anything?
badger0130::we want a hockey team
WiscoMase23::buzz off troll
LSUDENTAL::OVER 119-118
buckspackers23::Now we have to go play our ass off in Boston.
LSUDENTAL::THAT A BOY MASON....TRAVELOCITY
WiscoMase23::bucks won a close game? am i dreaming?
WiscoMase23::oh clearly. but still
nfcnorthchamps25::Against the Wizards. We still are trash.
Dirtybearcub::WHAT THE $@%! COMON
indy3colts::wow haha
Allen4875::BS  fuccing BS
Dirtybearcub::.....
LSUDENTAL::PPFFFAAAA TRAVELING!
nfcnorthchamps25::Damn. Maybe we can still find a way to lose this.
