TitanTown10::we have a lot of grizz fans in Nashville and starting to spread all over Tennessee.
tdvols13::Just like there are a lot of Titan fans in Memphis !
a transported poet welcomes the jail below the gambling ref::A 50 win team with no fans (500 comments and mostly cat lovers). Smh. Memphis is a horrible sports town.
tdvols13::You have no clue as to what you are talking about ! Just because Grizz fans don't come on and respond to some of these comments doesn't mean a thing you idiot! Crawl back under your rock shut up!
Theripper92::people don't go on the espn boards as much.  people like to stay in their team forum
doof54::Grizz just sold out their last home game.  Last night's attendance at the Target Center:  13,680  You figure it out.
faargsob::Great point! The number of posts on an ESPN forum directly correlates to how great the fans are. I was never able to put that formula together, but I'm glad you have educated me.
nuggetzalltheway23::Nuggets gonna get that #3 seed baby!!!!
faargsob::Are you from the future?
wrex8::40 min for stiemsma and 32 - for ridnour. Well, that reeeally sucks
famousfoot1000::so alexey finally has a good game and he only gets 7 min. Just dont know if im all in on adelman
roy2daboy::Minnesota must have a high cat population. Remember to spay and neuter your pets people.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::GG Grizzlies Fans!
roy2daboy::All of these cat pictures on here are rather creepy.
PhilMNAP::You could.
roy2daboy::I could just counteract.
Wolvesfresh::Man up and deal with it.
Wolvesfresh::Dwill would be garbage if it wasn't for Rubio.
GrindForth::Grindhouse2413 here. This is my other account. I went over to the Floppers/Rockets board and talked some trash and sore losers flagged me. HAHAHA. Worth it!!
AKsparky907::Damn it grind. That's the second time this year. Last time it was the nuggets board, right?
Bobcats Will Dominate Soon::<b> Cheeseburgers for all </b>
utclindsay::LMAO at the floppers...got MANHANDLED by a harden-less rockets team that played a b 2 b..
AKsparky907::Yeah, they are looking bad.
Trurock23::Grit and Grind!
PoRtEr_24::Rubio 1 Assist shy of another triple double
Grindhouse2413::Sweet!! No flopping Ginobili to worry about for Monday
Grindhouse2413::he is out
utclindsay::That should help the Grizz alot..hopefully..
utclindsay::is he out?? if so..that should help the Grizz..
utclindsay::Grizz played great tonight...next task is beat the SPUUURRRSS!!!
Grindhouse2413::killed it in the fourth when it mattered. my dad used to say all you have to watch in the NBA is the fourth quarter because that's where games are won and lost. I still watching the whole game but he has a point
utclindsay::I should say at least in the 2nd half..
Everyday im Shufflin 290::GG Wolves fan
utclindsay::I think we have a chance at the 3 spot. Denver's next game is on the road, so the chances are better they will lose.
AKsparky907::Still in it for sure. A team can lose on any night. It's still wide open in the 3-5 spots. Probably won't be decided until the last game or 2.
johnnyhdl12::blake wont be able to flop his way past us this year
utclindsay::Blake always flops, but Grizz will still win!!
wunderrr::Lakers board is hilarious, brick joke contest...Kobe 0-3 so far, i hope he doesnt pass Wilt hehe
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::Unfortunately, he will pass((
johnnyhdl12::reallycant wait for grizz to get back at clipps for last year
Grindhouse2413::Me too Lindsay
Grindhouse2413::man me either. revenge on all our minds
utclindsay::that is why I hope we meet the clips again
dnyberg225::If we don't get ricky some help soon he's gonna wanna bolt.  I'd rather have him long term than love.  He is so good and makes everyone else better
Grubie024::He's obviously getting the designated player contract. Hes not going anywhere
wunderrr::true, he makes his teammates better
Wolvesfresh::When both these teams are healthy, Love/Pekovic vs Gasol/Randolph is an epic matchup. Lots of physicality.
Shelton2622::Congratulations Grizzlies, you guys played better this time. Watch out next year though.
nietoadrian::good luck in playoffs Grizzlies
Quickdeath2::Great to see Griz start to play better, big game Monday!  Minn = Griz rival next year
Grindhouse2413::Good game MIN. Good luck next year. You guys looked dominate in most of the first half. Congrats to Memphis! Record 20 wins on the road. We snapped our road losing streak and took another step toward home court advantage. Thank you Houston!! I will be in the Grindhouse Monday for our WAR with the Spurs. Lets sell it out Memphis!! GNG!!!!
KittyNationPride::Congrats on the win Grizzlies and thanks for the lottery balls
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::Another 2nd half upset from M-sota Timberpussies
KittyNationPride::Flag
emthomasjr::Good win Grizzlies.  Rubio put on a heck of a show though.  When he and Love get some PT together, that's going to be a nice squad.
danielc901::GG. Minnesota has classy fans. That's rare but nice to see.
TophBoobie::lol the cat avatars. Can't even be mad at them
Wolvesfresh::GG. I'm a huge fan of Marc Gasol.
KittyNationPride::Meow right back at you
Wolvesfresh::The Lakers are losing.......again.
GaspoMinnyFan981::Nash got hurt
billbruns2k12::The sun's coming up?
GaspoMinnyFan981::Monday vs the Celtics in MN wish KG wasn't hurt
Jason Bray::LOL UNDER 186 BY ONE POINT AHAHAHAHAHAHA
roy2daboy::Good effort Minnesota
wunderrr::good luck in playoffs Grizzlies, take out 'team videogame' please. seeyou
billbruns2k12::Clips or Denver?
utclindsay::I am think the floppers...
roy2daboy::GRIT N MOTHERFU..CKING GRIND GRIZZ NATION!!!!!!!
tmoneyinmphs::GO GRIZZLIES GO
dancedance65::Grizz just need to take care of business against SA on Monday and we'll have a shot at third place on Wednesday!
colosportsman::Nuggets play Wednesday to..The only way you can get the 3  is if the Nuggets lose that game.
faargsob::I believe there are still some more games after that
utclindsay::hellz yeah..someone needs to beat the chicken nuggets though..
ISU FARTS ON NOTRE DAME::my wolves are the worst team in the game.
dancedance65::Bobcats fans would disagree
pen15club.::we know
Rude Boy Chicago::Rubio is the man! my best fantasy player ever
spennyjj3::Greg Steimsma is a joke of an NBA player
wunderrr::as a backup in his 2nd year he is alright i guess but not for big minutes
utclindsay::Woot woot Go Grizz!! and the Rockets took care of the flip floppers in impressive fashion!!!!!!Does this put the Grizz in 4th place??
colosportsman::NO..Clippers have that locked up by winning there division. You have to pass the Nuggets to jump over to the 3rd spot.
utclindsay::either way..the floppers are not playing well now..that might work to the Grizz advantage..
tmoneyinmphs::yep, it's 3rd or 5th and still possibly get home court
dancedance65::We're technically in 5th, but we have HC over LAC
utclindsay::I like the chances against the floppers with HC and the floppers are not playing well now!
billbruns2k12::More or less
KittyNationPride::1 more Rubio!
wunderrr::just fouled out lol
tmoneyinmphs::Wolves played tough tonight.  Rubio definitely played better than he did a few weeks ago in memphis.
Wolvesfresh::DAMMIT
Wolvesfresh::Come on Rubio 1 more assist!
KittyNationPride::Yay I'm back! Got banned for no reason, but hey I'm Back!
wunderrr::welcome back :-D
KittyNationPride::It feels good even though I know I'm going to get banned as soon as I go back to argue with those Tech fans about Tubby
billbruns2k12::Rubio really wants that last assist
wunderrr::noooooooooooo
