Guest::Whoa, WoW. That has got to be the most impressive 3rd quarter in NBA history. WTG Clippers.
Cyril::Kemba Walker has made just 20 of his last 64 field-goal attempts. Last month he had a 5-game stretch where he shot at least 54% every game.  He has a ton of talent, but this dramatic inconsistency is holding him back.
If its brown, flush it down::This years Lakers will be the first team to ever be over the salary cap and in the draft lottery at the same time. LOL
Guest::ATTENTION ALL NON CLIPPERS FANS: Please stop posting negative comments about the Clippers. Dodgerdude is having a break down. He can't handle "trolls" coming in and stating facts and poking fun about "his" team. From now on please join in on his delusional world that everyone should bow down to "his Clippers". I will start it off for you. The Clippers are the best team on the planet. They are kicking some major ash this year with their superior wins. They will soon show all of you that they can raise up their second "division" title in their 30 year existence.  From now on stay on your own teams boards and be adults for Christ sake's. You people are out of control with all your negativity towards your teams competition.
Oink Oink Dooley::I lost my virginity last night thanks Frank, Tom, Will, Carl, Fred, Dave and Larry. Wow my poo(p) just fell out.
Rodney::Jefferson will be moving on up to the top.
LobCityFan::CLIPPERS dominate today. Giving the Bobcats there 7th straight lost against the Clippers
ric::The Black Pill is a hermaphrodite dressed in drag.
Rodney::Raptors are going to defeat the mighty Pacers tonight.  Just goes to show you 82 games is a long season and no team will win out at over .800.  Just play smart basketball Clips and get better as you go, and peak at playoff time.
creep::Some Clipper fans feel as thought the Lakers are pretty damn bad so they make them the butt of most of their jokes. It's a damn shame their bubble was so bursted when this so called pathetic team basically blew out the Clipduds. But of course they have a million excuses for that one folks!
