rynospurs21::G ood game grizz. Round 2 on wednesday
cowscan::Man what an evenly played game, very easy to figure out what decided this one. Turnovers!!!
MijoMartinez::Well played Grizz, well played... My Spurs played well, but you played harder. Don't let the trolls try and take this one away. Grizz have a good future if they get that 'last' piece... I'm not sure what it is, but it seems like they need it. Help me out on this one...
AKsparky907::The most fun I've had at a grizz game. The grindhouse was packed last nIght!
Grindhouse2413::hell yes it was. felt so good to see the city support the team like that
knight_rider_1983::Please guys, Lets keep it up
nba is the worst::Grizz doing better than expected despite trying to trade their best players - nice win (darn it)
Grindhouse2413::NO TRADES!!!!
nba is the worst::I agree, too bad Grizz management doesn't
Griss13ears::Wow...espn chose the rockets-mavs game over grizz-spurs on wednesday??? They should be ashamed at themselves.
slam_dunk_on_u::the spurts and grizzlies are boring and rating killers...
Grindhouse2413::almost makes me want to boycott espn.....almost
knight_rider_1983::Untill next time ...................Love,Peace, and Grind
howdythere...::JIMMY!!
howdythere...::machine gun
562-bell gardens::i cant wait to play u grizzly  -cp3
Grindhouse2413::Fear the Bear
knight_rider_1983::flop
AustinBeal::I'm done with this board, Slampunkonu can move his lousy predictions to the T-Wolves vs Spurs page
daboafadem::Sounds like someone hoping for other teams to do what the Lakers couldn't in two tries thus far.  WAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH  The whole reason why he's here after all.
slam_dunk_on_u::Not a prediction but I wouldn't be surprised if the Twolves pull the upset....
slam_dunk_on_u::AustinBeal - No Kevin Love? At the AT&amp;T center? sounds like a W to me  ---------------------------------------------------------  You know things happen...Nobody whould of thought the Lakers were about to pull an upset Wednesday night without thier big men...So anything can happen...learn that
AustinBeal::No Kevin Love? At the AT&amp;T center? sounds like a W to me
slam_dunk_on_u::Kobe eats Duncon's Lunch everyday of the week!  Enough said....
cowscan::Duncan is the best player of his generation better than Shaq, better than Kobe, better than anyone. He spans the gap from MJ, to Lebron. Kobe is a ball hogging copycat  who want to be Mike instead of just being Kobe. But because he is in LA Kobe gets more hype.
slam_dunk_on_u::LMAO Duncon better than Kobe?? LOL Kill yourself dumba$$
AustinBeal::I still don't know who this Duncon character is
AustinBeal::I guess when it comes to ball hogging and bricking, Kobe has him beat
slam_dunk_on_u::You know who he is  :)
knight_rider_1983::Kool Mo Dee said it best when it comes to the Western Conference   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBgHGafPet0
gfugi5555::Spurs suck...the old man 3 will never make it to the west conf finals
daboafadem::Spurs one and done.  Good playoff prediction.  Just like your "guarantee" that the Spurs-Jazz series would go 7.  And that the Clippers would crush them if the Spurs escaped Utah.  Right on.
daboafadem::Um, you said injury excuses are for pu$$ies.  Well said, given your prediction was made after all the injuries were public knowledge.
slam_dunk_on_u::Utah are a bunch of undrachievers...  The Clipps last year were hurting after a hard fought battle against the Grizzlies
slam_dunk_on_u::gfugi5555 - Spurs suck...the old man 3 will never make it to the west conf finals  ------------------------------------------------------  TRUE
AustinBeal::thats sounds a lot like what people were saying last year...
daboafadem::Lakers realistically have to go like 32-14 the rest of the way to grab even the 8th seed.  Not impossible.  But I'd love to see it happen.  Because we both know how that would end.
slam_dunk_on_u::slam_dunk_on_u - AustinBeal - Thunder, Clippers, Spurs, Grizzlies. those are the teams to beat in the West ------------------------------------------------------- No sir! The spurts and Grizzlies will exit the playoffs early...and watchout for the lower seeds, Houston, Denver and Portland are very capable of beating the spurts  ------------------  and lets not forget the Lakers are not completely out of the picture yet....is not over until that fat lady sings
slam_dunk_on_u::AustinBeal - Thunder, Clippers, Spurs, Grizzlies. those are the teams to beat in the West  -------------------------------------------------------  No sir! The spurts and Grizzlies will exit the playoffs early...and watchout for the lower seeds, Houston, Denver and Portland are very capable of beating the spurts
AustinBeal::Thunder, Clippers, Spurs, Grizzlies. those are the teams to beat in the West
slam_dunk_on_u::Don't fool yourself you know this year is between the Thunder and The Clippers...  Spurts one and out....
knight_rider_1983::Love the Grindhouse
Grindhouse2413::Well thank you
texican_10::Slam is the biggest mamon in history
AustinBeal::he's just upset because Kobe worked it out with his wife and Slam is heartbroken that they can't make love together
slam_dunk_on_u::I can't wait until the spurts play again a top team...since I don't have time to look at the shamz schedule...  When are your guys playing the Clipps again? or the last game against the Heat? I know for sure your horrendous team won't be playing the Knicks again until next season.  The Thunder won't come to your filthy town until late in the season so you caught a break there.  When everything is said and done the shamz will be like 2-13 against the Top teams.  I that I can guarantee it!
daboafadem::I can't wait for the Lakers to play anyone.  Usually the same comedic routine played over and over again gets old, but not this one.  Not the Lakers this year.
slam_dunk_on_u::Heheh just trying to be freindly man...
AustinBeal::dream on kid, The Spurs have never won less than 50 games in a season since 1996 so i don't even know how it feels to suck as bad as the Lakers do
slam_dunk_on_u::AustinBeal - dude, i haven't even begun with your lakers, i'm going easy on you. if you want i can go all day on how much of a joke the lakers have been this season  ---------------------------------------------------------------  The Lakers rarely perform like this...and you know it...last time I remeber they did this bad was when Shaq left and we had Rudy Tomjonavich as the head coach I think it was 2005.  The Lakers always find a way to be contending for a title...and they will get over the hump if not this year ...the next for sure.
AustinBeal::dude, i haven't even begun with your lakers, i'm going easy on you. if you want i can go all day on how much of a joke the lakers have been this season
slam_dunk_on_u::AustinBeal - only a moron would try to make friends with people by saying their favorite team sucks, and the funny thing is that you're completely wrong  ---------------------------------------------------  Just saying the true bro  I'm not trying to hurt your feelings.
AustinBeal::only a moron would try to make friends with people by saying their favorite team sucks, and the funny thing is that you're completely wrong
AustinBeal::Memphis is in San Antonio on wednesday. I respect the Grizzlies because they have admittedly modeled their team after the Spurs, and look where they are now.
AustinBeal::you don't have any friends
slam_dunk_on_u::Chalk it up as another loss after Wednesday  2-8 my friend
slam_dunk_on_u::I fully expect the Grizzles to repeat the same performance by leaving the pathetic shamz in the dust this coming Wednesday.  The Grizzlies will take a comanding 2-1 lead in the season series with the shamz while giving them a 2-8 record against the top teams.  And BTW that misleading home winning streak of the shamz is coming to an end this Wednesday.  MARK MY WORDS
daboafadem::Dude has "predicted" at least 30 Spurs losses so far this season.  He's been off with those predictions.  Just a tad.
daboafadem::Not going to waste my time copying and pasting all of that.  You did the same thing all last year.  You actually predicted the Spurs would lose at Cleveland last year.  Your playoff prediction was wrong after the first round.  Shall we go on?
AustinBeal::I'm gonna have to just keep copies of your posts from now on because you can't man up to your own terrible predictions.
slam_dunk_on_u::Prove it!
daboafadem::"I can't wait to kick some shamz' a$$ the Lakers will kill these punks next Wednesday folks...MARK MY WORDS!!"  I love marking your words.  You're wrong 80% of the time.
AustinBeal::we're not talking about you predicting the Lakers to lose, a 2 year old could do that
slam_dunk_on_u::Actually that was before Howard and Gasol wnet down that I Made that prediction...Look into my posting history and you will find it....  I actually changed my prediction after those injuries and predicted a 1-2 record ...look for it.
AustinBeal::somebody agrees with me on how bad Slam is with his predictions
AustinBeal::I'll mark those words when i wipe my ass with them.
slam_dunk_on_u::I was right on the money ....like always...the spurts are onece again exposed as what they really are a bunch of phonies...  Duncon with another pitiful performance scoring only 13 points.  The pathetic spurts are now 7-9 on their last 16 road games and are a dismal 2-7 agaisnt the top teams in the NBA.  I love it!
daboafadem::Right on the money like always.    "I can't wait to kick some shamz' a$$ the Lakers will kill these punks next Wednesday folks...MARK MY WORDS!!"  Words marked.  Lakers lost to Spurs.  How funny - you don't include the Spurs beating the Lakers in your "record against top teams."  Shows what a fan you are and what you really think of your own team.
daboafadem::ding ding!  point goes to AustinBeal
AustinBeal::at least he admits it, he's just jealous of how good the Spurs are
slam_dunk_on_u::Because they are not a top team right now numbnuts!
slam_dunk_on_u::dont act stupid you know thats not my record...bring my quotes...  But like always you won't find them because you are so full of it.
AustinBeal::he can't reply, he's got a foot in his mouth
daboafadem::Kobe's last 4 games:  8/23 &amp; 10/24 &amp; 8/22 &amp; 11/26  Dude isn't even hitting .400 from the field.  If that is not a slump, if that's just kind of expected and ok by you then, that's just sad.
AustinBeal::Duncan doesn't have to carry the team. Unlike Kobe, Tim Duncan has good teammates and a legendary coach. Lakers front office traded away the future by investing so much in Dwight Howard, even with Kobe, Nash, Metta, Gasol, and Jamison being close to retirement. That leaves Jodie Meeks and Earl Clark to help Dwight Howard after those old guys are retired. Lakers have nothing good to look forward to.
slam_dunk_on_u::AustinBeal - he's in a shooting slump, but he's still been a lockdown defender and a big contributer in rebounding every game. The slump will fade because every great player has slumps and breaks out of them. He's the definition of professional because he works hard to stay healthy and continues to practice and improve his game, even at 36 years old and 4 titles, 2 MVP's and 3 Finals MVP's to his name. ------------------------------------------------------------  A player of this caliber should'nt have to go through slumps like that...He is the anchor of the team and should carry them all the time.  You don't see Kobe in shooting slumps like this right?
AustinBeal::he's in a shooting slump, but he's still been a lockdown defender and a big contributer in rebounding every game. The slump will fade because every great player has slumps and breaks out of them. He's the definition of professional because he works hard to stay healthy and continues to practice and improve his game, even at 36 years old and 4 titles, 2 MVP's and 3 Finals MVP's to his name.
slam_dunk_on_u::AustinBeal - I can name 27 other NBA teams besides the Spurs who haven't won a Championship since 2007. Playoff failures? 15 out of 16 playoff teams don't win the Championship, Thats just how it works and it doesn't mean a team is bad. with your logic the Thunder are a Joke. There are no underachievers on the Spurs. in fact Duncan was expected to play 20 minutes a game this year and not reach double figures, but he averages a double double and has way overachieved expectations, along with Parker who is one of the best PG's in the league this year. and finally your opinion on fans has nothing to do with the team. You fail  -------------------------------------------------------------  The only way I can change my mind is if the spurts win another title, but you know that is not happening anytime soon.  Duncons hot start of the season is finally proving to be a dream.  His last 3 or 4 games  indicate just  that.
AustinBeal::I can name 27 other NBA teams besides the Spurs who haven't won a Championship since 2007. Playoff failures? 15 out of 16 playoff teams don't win the Championship, Thats just how it works and it doesn't mean a team is bad. with your logic the Thunder are a Joke. There are no underachievers on the Spurs. in fact Duncan was expected to play 20 minutes a game this year and not reach double figures in any statistic, but he averages a double double, has had career highs in blocks and has way overachieved expectations, along with Parker who is one of the best PG's in the league this year. and finally your opinion on fans has nothing to do with the team. You fail
slam_dunk_on_u::AustinBeal - explain how they are a joke? -------------------------------------------------------   Do you really wanna know?  No NBA Finals since 2007 Playoff failures year after year after they won that last title. Bunch of underachievers. Arrogant Fanbase
AustinBeal::explain how they are a joke?
slam_dunk_on_u::AustinBeal - lol i can't believe you think that I'm full of it. you're the one that tries to say that the Spurs are a joke. you are full of something that wreaks of LA sewage  --------------------------------------------------  The spurts are indeed a joke...you know it!
AustinBeal::lol i can't believe you think that I'm full of it. you're the one that tries to say that the Spurs are a joke. you are full of  something that wreaks of LA sewage
AustinBeal::so many things wrong here. 1) Your original projection had the Spurs losing by 30 so you were dead wrong there, Spurs went to Memphis and barely lost in OT 2) Duncan didn't shoot well, but had 15 rebounds and 3 blocks so pitiful is not a good description for his night or any game of his this season. 3) Road games are a problem for any team in the league and the Spurs have played far more road games than most of the teams in the League. 4) How are those Lakers doing with that 6 game skid? I heard that Kobe isn't getting a divorce so that must've broken your heart since you want him in your mouth so bad.
AustinBeal::you've predicted a loss for every Spurs game this year, so that makes you 11-28 with predictions on the year, you're worse than your pathetic Lakers.
slam_dunk_on_u::Regardless of the score...I PREDICTED A LOSS.... buddy
gfugi5555::The old 3 for the Spurs were fined 5,000$ each for not wearing their LIFE ALERTS when not on the court today..
1grizzfan4life::Great showing Grindhouse. Wish I coulda been there! GRIZZ FOR LIFE BABY!
AKsparky907::It was wild in there last night.
1grizzfan4life::GNG! GREAT JOB GRIZZ! Knew it would be an intense game til the end, but I knew we would prevail! GNG andkick $@% ALL DAY!
knight_rider_1983::The Wild wild west
Grindhouse2413::Ok. I am out. Love to fans of both teams. GNG in Dallas tomorrow night!!
pedrobear1::Pera doesn't go to many games like heisley
Grindhouse2413::I read the message boards over there too. I have been in "awaiting validation" status for like two months now. Its freaking redonkulous
pedrobear1::lol
Grindhouse2413::hey pedro, do you post on the Memphis Message Boards on the teams page?
pedrobear1::not anymore but still visit because they are a smart bunch and have different views and post information clear and concise. Unlike most poster here don't get caught up in the emotion and use logic.
knight_rider_1983::I just post here
Grindhouse2413::I am such a Griz homer. If I had the millions to do it, I would just pay the tax penalty for my Griz so we can keep all our players.
MrInvictus::I'll be damned... I knew sum1 on here knew more than me!  Thx man!
danielc901::Holy moly Perdo.
Grindhouse2413::pedrobear, you are the man. thanks.
pedrobear1::http://www.sportsbus...BA-revenue.aspx  Key points: - It's an agreement among owners, separated from the CBA - It's completely unrelated to the luxury tax / tax redistribution mechanism - It doesn't go into full effect until 2013-2014 - All teams make a pool with 50% of their total revenues, minus some unavoidable expenses (arena costs, etc.) - No team contributes more than 50% of their profits - All teams receive an amount equivalent to the average NBA payroll  According to the estimations at the time of that report, when all is accounted for a team like Memphis is supposed to end up receiving about $16M from revenue sharing at the end of next season, and this amount would be independent from the luxury tax situation at that point. I haven't found what the exact revenue sharing mechanism will be for this season, but from what the report says I assume the money we would receive would be somewhere between the maximum of $5.8M we could have received in 2012 and the $16M estimated for 2014.  So, how does this affect our roster moves? Well, first off, it means the income we receive from revenue sharing is secure regardless of our luxury tax situation, and therefore, regardless of roster moves now or in the future.  How about the impact of the luxury tax? Let's see. I'm using info from: http://www.cbafaq.com/salarycap.htm http://storytellerscontracts.com/  We are currently about $4M into the luxury tax. The way the tax works this season is that teams above the tax pay one dollar for every dollar above, and that up to 50% of that tax money is distributed among non-taxpaying teams (the other 50% goes to the league). Looking at the current NBA salaries, there are 8 tax paying teams, for a total tax amount of about $80M (with the Lakers alone paying $30M). So, right now, teams not paying the tax would receive $40M / 22 teams = $1.8M. So, if we stay above the cap, we're paying $4M and missing out on $1.8M, for a total of $5.8M.  If we cut salary to come out of the tax this season, we will save: - The salary savings from the reduced salary, prorated until the end of the season (say we cut $4M at the middle of the season, then we save $2M in salary) - The $4M in owed salary tax - The $1.8M we would get from the salary tax pool  So we would save $6M and get $1.8M back, for a total extra $7.8M. Of course we could save more money cutting more salary or doing it earlier, but keep in mind that the trade deadline is in February. At the same time, we will still get between $5.8M and $16M of revenue share no matter what. So there really isn't a scenario where we're poised to lose $20-30M if we are in the tax at the end of the season, as it has been hinted in some discussions.  With these numbers on the table, it's clear to me that we're not in such a terrible situation this year, even if we end up paying the tax. Note that next year the tax basically doubles, but we would also be receiving more revenue share.  Basically, what I'm saying is that the revenue share system has been designed to help small market teams to compete with big market teams, allowing them to absorb greater costs (salary and tax in particular) to the expense of the big city teams' fat TV contracts and endorsement money. So if ownership wants to compete (as opposed to simply turn the biggest possible profit) this system allows us to take bigger risks with out roster without necessarily dooming us to lose money. We're never going to be able to permanently sustain LA or NY's salaries, but we can definitely be moderately into the tax and still make money.  Of course saving a bunch of millions is important but we're not going to break the bank if we stay in the tax this season, and possibly even the next. If the logic is that making more money trumps everything else then the FO may as well trade all contracts away until we have a team made up of minimum salary players and just wait to collect those sweet, sweet tax dollars. Heck, if our revenue drops because nobody will pay a dime to watch that team that only means we would get a bigger revenue share from the rest of the league. Profit!!!  One last thing. I still think we will need to make a major roster move in 2013, but the main reason is not the added expenses that come with going deeper in the tax. The main reason is that since our entire core expires at the same time and with all the spending restrictions that come with being above the cap (even more if in the tax) we will be unable to make a competitive roster moving forward. Our team will get older, we won't get good draft picks, and we will only be able to hire dirt cheap FAs. Unless we trade one or more of the big contracts for players in rookie contracts, draft picks, etc. we will end up hitting a wall in 2014-2015 and go back to the post-Pau trade core of Cash Considerations and Flex I. Bility.
Lugene Parker::Wow, so coping this right now!
YearOfTheSpur::Jarred Bayless brings back shivering memories of Derek Fisher for some reason.  Still dont believe you can catch a pass, turn around and shoot the ball ALL in 0.4 seconds
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Bayless was trying .to push Parker around
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Wow.... Rockets vs Mavs on Wednesday espn  I'm a Spurs fan I should be used to this.
Lugene Parker::I could see if Dallas was playing well...... But come on!  Two of the top four teams in the west square off for the 3rd time in the season with two of the games within 5 days, while the first two games of the season were both OT.......  I get it ESPN. I get it.
danielc901::Makes no sense.
YearOfTheSpur::Yes.
pedrobear1::The should bump Houston v Dallas for spurs v Memphis wednesday
MrInvictus::Bet they don't tho... they gotta please the large markets and the growing int'l fan base (Lin)
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Wtf
Grindhouse2413::Hey AKsparky! Did you see me during the MVP announcement?
Grindhouse2413::No prob. SO glad you made it for last nights game. One of the best reg season games in some time
AKsparky907::Missed you. I bought tickets for a few friends and they showed up late. We didn't make it to our seats until just after tip off.
knight_rider_1983::Great job Grizz
vernon bates336::Lakers getting waxed!!  I guess all the fans of the Lakers in Memphis will start talking like they Grizz fans now.  Stay on that sinking old ship.   I told my friends the Lakers would not win a championship with a 40 year old defenseless point guard who is too old to guard this great generation of point guards.  This is the best collection of point guards in NBA history.  Most every team is solid at point guard and some teams have two good ones.  Check the facts and the stats and D-rose is hurt!!  Nash was a big bust!
doof54::Nash was a big bust?  38 long.
vernon bates336::I won't go anymore neither.  I went the last two years and was sorely disappointed with my hometown.  It's enough to like them, but to come into our hometown arena with Lakers  jersey on is utter stupidity.  That is what makes me mad with our folks.  Too dang stupid to love what we have but always looking at someone elses stuff.
Grindhouse2413::I am selling my tickets to the Lakers game. Makes me sick all the band wagon fans this town seems to have. There is one ONE team in Memphis. But if they want to pay me three times the ticket price.......ok with me
YearOfTheSpur::Oh one more thing! Please tell me im not the only one getting real annoyed at Gary Neal and Matt Bonner. If Bonner wouldve made that easy layup instead of falling down it wouldve been a whole different game, and Neal its either shoot or turn it over with him.  Glad Pop took both of them out IMMEDIATELY
Lugene Parker::Hey, If Bayless hadnt have threw the ball out of bounds throwing a pass to rudy when he could have made an easy layup would have Let us win in regulation.  They evened out.
doof54::If Rudy Gay had not missed both free throws at the end of regulation...
YearOfTheSpur::Yeah forgot about that! Oh well 2 games, 2 OT's. Each teams styles match up like crazy. Wednesday is marked in my calendar as of now
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Yes sir.... you can blame pedrobear for that
Grindhouse2413::I could not believe Parker made that DEEP three to send it into overtime. He is too damn good.
Grindhouse2413::doof - redic short for rediculous
AKsparky907::It felt a lot like the Mario charmers shot. I couldn't believe Rudy missed both if those free throws. At least Zbo made his.
pedrobear1::over a 6"8 athletic freak too
Lugene Parker::I know. Damn near fell out the chair!
JamesGetDownBrown::yeah, that was redic
doof54::Pretty sure it was Tony $@%!$ Parker. Not Reddick.
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Is the Wednesday game on ESPN?
MrInvictus::They got Houston at Dallas on whule we're playing... while, larger markets and the chinese wanna see Jeremy Lin's sorry *ss.  Not being racist at all, one of my best friends... damn near like a brother is asian, that's just the facts.   P.S., he loves Lin too, lol
danielc901::Shame.
MrInvictus::nope, lol
JamesGetDownBrown::as of right now, no
Lugene Parker::dont know
Grindhouse2413::I am making some hot tea for my sore as he ll throat.
AKsparky907::Went to the green beetle after the game and could barely talk.
MrInvictus::MEMPHIs, lay off LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz... not  surwe what he was doing the other day, perhaps he was just stirring the pot for tonite, lol.  But he has talked his crap, and stuck around for the aftermath of his team's lost.  #Respect
Grindhouse2413::i know right?
taurus1984::unlike 676 who never came back
Grindhouse2413::true. respect
vernon bates336::Also black and white in America is a beautiful color.  Let us all learn how to get along!!   If we learn how to work with each other instead of against each other, we will end this recession.  We can't do anything with one faction pushing and the other faction pulling.  Go Grizz!
Grindhouse2413::i love it dude. love will find a way...
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Having a long SF goes a long way in the west
Trurock23::Great Game....
Grindhouse2413::I was one of the MVPs tonight. We lined up and gave hi fives to the starting five on the court during the player announcements. I told Ellington to Make it Wayne, he laughed and shook my hand. And then we grind out a win against a quality opponent like the Spurs? Game of the year for us so far. Best time I have had at the Grindhouse in quite some time. Thank you Grizzlies!
vernon bates336::And we want to trade Rudy?  For whom and for what!!!  We are not going to get equal value for him at a lower salary and we have a championship caliber team right now.  I am a life long Memphian an I have a good feeling about this team like I did with our 2007 Memphis Tigers who were the best team in the country that year but just didn't finish it off.  We can beat any of the team in front of us and we will pound Miami into the ground grit and grind style.   KEEP RUDY!!!!!!!!!
pedrobear1::hollins summed it up an interview earlier today
Lugene Parker::nice
pedrobear1::http://boards.grizzliesonline.com/index.php?showtopic=14875
vernon bates336::Its not easy but it is elementary.  who we going to get for him to keep us at this level of competitiveness?  He is only 26 years old leave the kid along.  Michael Jordan didn't win his first til he was 29.
danielc901::Can't compare Rudy vs Jordan but very good point...
danielc901::I love Rudy. I hate Rudy. Just the way Grizz fans are.
JamesGetDownBrown::i'd like to say the fans know he has it in him, and just want to see the guy perform
Lugene Parker::I hope u have season tickets while you chant keep Rudy like its an easy decision!
YearOfTheSpur::GREAT GAME spurs and grizz fans. They need to show these games on national tv, instead of Clippers/Heat vs some irrevelant team  Well yall have a good friday! Cant wait till the next one
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::And FYI if I was a troll I would be on the Laker board instead of taking the loss like a boss,after I ran my mouth.
pedrobear1::pretty sure that board is running wild
Grindhouse2413::its just pure comical relief reading all the Faker hate on that board
danielc901::I wish Gundy would stop saying how good Thunder is comparing aginst Fakers. It's not hard to compare when the Fakers are so bad... Remember who beat the Thunder earlier this year please.....
JamesGetDownBrown::yeah but the martin is starting to become more of a factor as of late
JamesGetDownBrown::the thunder have been in the wcf the past couple of years and not much has changed. i'm just saying....
utclindsay::We dominated the Thunder in OKC EVEN with Harden...
JamesGetDownBrown::i dont know why or how "the" got in there
utclindsay::ooohh... I know..The Grizz DOMINATED the thunder IN OKC!!!
utclindsay::Jeez..the lakers- Thunder score is starting to become ugly...
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Are all the Spurs fans gone ,on some real s.hit the minute you see Zbo decline trade him he's 31.I wish we would of got rid of  Manu 3 years ago.Don't fall into that he should retire a Grizz bull. Manu was hurt when we needed him most. He's making 14 million this year 38 mill the last 3 years including the 14.Trade him while he stills has value. Not now of course give it a couple years.... sssssssshhhhh don't tell my fellow Spurs there a little sentimental.
MrInvictus::It's the old luxury tax that small marjket teams can't afford scenario... the reason I hate large market nut riders
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Is Rudy not happy or it's a money thing?
TIGERJAW is dumb::Money, just like I paid your mother for.. well.... ya know.
pedrobear1::money
Lugene Parker::Considering the position we're in with Rudy, we may be forced to keep a declining ZBO after we trade Rudy.  I dont like lossing either player IMO
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Ima Spur fan buster I don't troll
TIGERJAW is dumb::No a.ss hole, you troll harder than your mother on crack
TIGERJAW is dumb::Hey, weren't you the idiot trolling on the grizz yesterday?
Lugene Parker::He's just a competitive fan.  He means well.  Its all in fun!
pedrobear1::yes
Lugene Parker::What a way to Grizz it out! Classic Grizzlies by the way.  We cant score!!!! Well..... You wont score either!!  Thats grinding away grizz!
MrInvictus::Yep, lol... we like selfish kids, lol
TIGERJAW is dumb::Hey now.... we can score. Sometimes we just manage the game lol.
Lugene Parker::Ha!
Grindhouse2413::I love it. We held them below 100 even after an overtime. DEFENSE!!!!
TIGERJAW is dumb::Absolutely amazing game tonight. Best time I've had in the grindhouse in a while
Grindhouse2413::man me too!
utclindsay::Wow..look at the Lakers- Thunder score. LOL
