mark35345::Anyone know what happened to Sonny Weems of the Raptors?
s.molla1993::Europe
dcreery15::wat ppl don't get about knicks is that the problem is ther defense, lin shump walker jeffries and chandler is way better then lin fields carmelo stat and  chandler  more on that here http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
bruins1109::u know shiii t has hit the fan when chandler freaking parsons leads ur stat sheet...what a joke
MadmanMark14::They wonder why we still cry over David Stern. First of all, I want to see Paul play with Kobe not that idiot BG. I wanted the Rockets to dissolve the team and start over and finally become relevant with someone who has star power on the team.
todogg 100::kyle lowry straight up for pau gasol looking very possible http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
vinhstuh::My goodness I would love to have Marcin Gortat on our team, the dude is absolutely owning everybody this season. Also, BRING BACK AARON BROOKS...ATLEAST HE COULD SCORE CONSISTENTLY
MadmanMark14::YEAH OMG...that would REALLY put us over the edge now wouldn't it ...IM JOKING BTW if you couldn't tell
MadmanMark14::Its over, lets just admit it. I love my Rockets and every guy on the team like any homer does, but if David Stern hadn't screwed this whole thing up we would all ready be a leg up on the competition for next season. Now we are just declining slowly. But hey if the TIMBERWOLVES come into town our unwanted team would whip their butts if they gave it an effort...whats the season series record again? ....I wish I was in the Rockets front office and could listen to what they are talking about right now
MadmanMark14::Man us Rocket fans are going through some tough times we should probably contend for who can tank their season the worst at this point
Hatchkelso808::What happened to Houston. They're garbage now they can't beat anyone.
screwhead2305::teams like raptors cant even get to .500
screwhead2305::we beat oklahoma and barely lost to clips and celtics
Plargo::K Mart is one of the most horrible nicknames in the history of nicknames.
benga4lebron::LOL @ K-MART he sucks just like the store.
benga4lebron::rockets would have had JEREMY LIN if it wasn't for stern to screw it up. Dragic would have been gone and that PG spot would have been LIN'S F-U STERN.
vinhstuh::I want aaron brooks back. I took T-Mac for granted. I miss Yao ming. I want Chuck Hayes and Carl Landry back.
benga4lebron::it's time to trade k.low and scola for pau gasol and 1st rd picks, this team as constructed is going no where.
screwhead2305::whats pau gasol going to do for us?
peanut2758::omg please just trade k mart for someone that can shoot better then 20 or 25 % . he's killing us in games late he keeps shooting even if he's 1 for 15.geeze , trade him
vinhstuh::PUT BUDINGER IN THE GAME AT THE 3 WHEN K-MART IS STRUGGLING. Lowry, Lee, Budinger, Parsons/Patterson/Scola, Dalembert would give you enough defense and scoring to atleast keep the score board moving in times of need.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::the fact the Raptors scored above 90 is a surprise..
krusty627::They average 89.3 per game. Scoring above 90 is not a surprise.
Andrew-Baugh::Liltexaschick whats going on with your rockets? That lose to the jazz hurt huh? :)
todogg 100::calderon very close to being traded to the lakers, could get gasol back full trade here  http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
Daniel Nelson31::For real rockets?? Make your minds up, Im tired of getting mid round draft picks
screwhead2305::trade kevin and luis already
1ooclicck::trade scola trade martin trade lowery and fire mchale... just a $@%! poor performance
gotemcoach92::lineup of Lowry/Dragic/Flynn Lee/Budinger( only 1 shooting guard) Parson/Williams/Budinger Gasol/Patterson/Morris Nene/  would have been great
benga4lebron::you forgot jeremy lin would have had the PG spot if dragic was traded.
bobbydagreat::The Rockets with Gasol and Nene rather than Scola and Martin would be a better team.
Daniel Nelson31::Maybe montejunes or however its spelled will play big minutes next year
Daniel Nelson31::we did not need gasol... we need a YOUNG franchise player. Im tired of all this trade talk for oldies
bobbydagreat::They got screwed by the league at the beginning of the year, this performance shouldn't have been a shock. Their GM said that what Stern did set them back 3 years, now you see that he knows what he is talking about.
Adrianch01::Dang, my Rockets are starting to stink up the joint..
bobbydagreat::They should have been playing like this all year, then they could have had a really high lottery pick rather than the #15 or so pick plus the Knicks first rounder. This year should have been all about getting ready for the future.
rapshow19::what was the spread for this game?
yabooboobearskate::no just -1 to TOR
yabooboobearskate::raps -1.5
Canmon::DeRozen seems to finally be accepting his role as the go-to guy on offence.
jank6708::Hey Houston T-wolves have arrived to claim the 8th seed
bobbydagreat::Please do, it will help the Rockets in the long run.
bobbydagreat::I'm fine with the Rockets losing, they should keep it up, if they don't make the playoffs they get two first round picks, hell if the Knicks fall out of the playoffs they get two lottery picks.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::gg Rockettes! better luck next time
rapshow19::thats rite boyyyyyy!
njktmac213::Blow up the Rockets. Trade Martin, trade Scola, gotta restart from the ground up.
yabooboobearskate::You let Raptors shoot 60% for the whole game OMG. ROCKETS SUUUUUUUUUUCK!!!
Titans Yemen::Lost hope in playoff  Rockets fans.
Titans Yemen::somali slam bro ,
somaliangangsterpuff::?
somaliangangsterpuff::nah the wolves will continue to suck just got to get back on track
Raptorsfan080::pleasure doing business rockets. lol RAPTORS WIN! :)
Titans Yemen::Anyway best wishes for the raptors , they my second team. (:&gt;
Raptorsfan080::lol.
rapshow19::if we had our #1 guy we would take that game
rapshow19::smashed???????? close game bud
Titans Yemen::You wasn't that happy when the Grizz smash yall last week. hahahah
Raptorsfan080::YA LOST! suck it up. And that was a close game
etaUpike07::rockets seem to be in a tail spin and it is directly related to the terrible coaching
secueritae::Poor Alabi, he looks so disappointed that he doesnt even get garbage mins
ARMCHAIRALLSTARxx::gettin smoked early? make it all back with FREE advice from armchairallstars.com/book-it
rapshow19::does that white guy in the dunk comp ever get mins for u guys?
rapshow19::truetrue
somaliangangsterpuff::no i forgot he even existed tbh
somaliangangsterpuff::So many 12 yr old wolves fans here.......
Titans Yemen::Rockets fans Consolation
chickenshaker33::Anyone know why Kevin Martin is not being allowed to play the second half of the third quarter and all of the fourth quarter, last game and this one???
infamous122::they should trade him
etaUpike07::because he hasnt shot well and is a liability on defense
HTownRprsntr::...and why is Terrence Williams playing, all of a sudden?
Raptorsfan080::HAHAHAHAHAH BYEEEEEE ROCKET FANS!!!!
Bookiebreaker48::ROCKETS 5 GAME LOSING STREAK SOO SAD!!!!
rapshow19::people were commenting earlier about houston win by 20+, what a joke
somaliangangsterpuff::they were expected too but I honestly dont expect much when we're on the road
Bookiebreaker48::THNX RAPTORS U MADE MY CREDIT CARD PAYMENT  Ticket#:66638848 Mar 07 07:12 PM 	INTERNET / -1	Mar 07 07:04 PM 	 NBA 	STRAIGHT BET [604] TORONTO +5-170 (B+3) 	 3400 / 2000
rapshow19::where are all you rocket finatics now! eat it!
rapshow19::if we did who knows what the score would be
rapshow19::we dont have our best player..... nor have we the whole season
HTownRprsntr::12-26
somaliangangsterpuff::its funny bcuz my comment was posted right before yours
somaliangangsterpuff::this is like when the blazers beat the spurs with that ridiculous score.........lets get back on track guys!need a home game bout now!
Michael25567::THANK YOU RAPTORS, the wolves nation would all like to say that!!
Michael25567::Don't worry MR LOVE MVP is taking care of that
somaliangangsterpuff::ha love mvp ya ill have what your smokin
HTownRprsntr::The Timberwolves need all the help they can get
Raptorsfan080::man god knows.. homies loafting with a calf injury.. but we need him! lol
rapfan73::andrea is good we need him for tight wins
Michael25567::When is Andrea coming back, not like you need him :-)
Raptorsfan080::YOUR WELCOMEEE! lol
KnucknBUC::Rockets got smoked
OUfootball2000::WTF? Fluke of a game.
Bookiebreaker48::LOL WTF....
Raptorsfan080::LOLLL AND 1   WOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO RAPTORS WIN RAPTORS WINNNNNNNNNNNN
