doggbrown1::RUBIO IS OVERRATED TRASH.
pandasunited::Probably the best game I've seen by Love in awhile. Played efficiently and smart. Didn't force his shot, and had some good dishes down low to Pek. I like how K-Love stretches the floor with his 3-point threat. Really leaves the lane open for Pek domination. Don't think many centers can contain Peks strength 1v1. Gonna have to start doubling him when he catches, leaving wide open three-pointers.
MinniWolves90::Hopefully Love gained some confidence last night, that would help him out.
MinniWolves90::I agree, hopefully we can keep up the 3 point shooting! And no one can handle can handle Pek in the paint 1-on-1. Thunder have one of the best defensive front courts, and we dominated them.
Julito0813::trade barea for shooting gard
JCDish::The Wolves beat the Soni... uhh Thunder. If only they could bring back the Sonics, that would be great.
samarquand2003::Someone remind me why OKC gave Kendrick Perkins a 10mill per season deal?  He's so terrible.  He was brought in for "defense" and he gets absolutely smashed on by Nikola Pekovic like he's not even there. OKC should amnesty him ASAP.
walkrr::look at the overall stats when kendrick is in. when they use they're other units (without kendrick) the point differential shoots up. they will continues to waste money on perkins because they believe they need him in the playoffs....for now
sdvikesf79::I made the comment yesterday that they can be beat by anyone with him in their lineup.  LOL,  ditto..
sdvikesf79::Proud of  the TWolves.  MN has 2 teams now demonstrating character.  BTW I read the funniest thing just now on another blog,  pasting now...  Think about this hypothetical I came up with while dropping a deuce today … what if every NBA team had to put "$@%" in front of their team names? It's a source of never-ending comedy. You would have matchups like the AssRockets vs the AssWarriors and all sorts of fun combos … the Finals last year would have been an all-time match-up between the AssThunder and the AssHeat. —Connor, Minneapolis.    This becomes even funnier when you apply it to certain NFL teams.  (Pacers, Rams et al..)  Happy Mayan calendar end of days everyone,,,,
pandasunited::Not gonna lie man, that post was beyond dumb.
sdvikesf79::err Packers...
Jorsota612::Telling KD that Lebron is better last night really got in his head he got a Tech like 8 mins after I started yelling at him haha
SvrPls::They are who we thought they were!!! The wolves I mean, they're amazing!!
Sainthubbins56::Great win for my t'pups.  Can't believe the refs gave Barea a call over Durant late in the game (nice to see his passion get him a technical).  Glad Pek didn't hurt any of my fantasy players on OKC...at some point Pek is going to fake left in the paint and cause a bloodbath.  AK/Shved stirring the drink until Rubio is fully ready.  Sad we lost Howard for the season yesterday, hope he finds his way back onto an NBA team, he played exceptionally well for a mid season FA acquisition for us.  And hopefully Love has found his groove, 7 assists for him has to be a record.  Looking forward to seeing Pek unleashed in NY.
like who cares::Westbrook's weakness is <i>shooting the ball when OKC is losing late in the game</i>. He almost always misses, and when he misses, he gets angry at the rim for the rest of the night, and keeps throwing bricks at it.   This seems to happen only when OKC is losing, though...
MinniWolves90::Why'd you edit? Lmao
like who cares::Because I felt wrong about stealing another person's post, so I just made my own, in a more professional version lol
MinniWolves90::Like who cares?
Foshiz Honkizel::Looks like OKC has finally arrived. Their conversation boards are now hitting 5000 consistently. Good job, and keep up the hate, trolls.
kmnacke::have you seen thunder fans post on here?  They act like it's use against them every game while being the largest $@% hats to every team they play
MinniWolves90::Yes, the trolls were in full force, but the Wolves boards usually get 5000+ just by Wolves fans lol.
ForeverGrapeOKC::OKC SA is classic big brother/little brother. Spurs used to own us, and OKC wanted to be like the Spurs. At some point, little brother (OKC) got tired of losing  to big brother and said enough is enough  Hence....last years playoffs
nba is the worst::*
ThunderCane8::Peace Out NBA is the Worst and 676Rob. Happy Holidays, be safe, love your family. It's been a fun debate. I'll leave saying this, though. The best franchise of the two is clearly the Spurs simply because of history. But the best team is OKC Thunder. 21-5 this season, 1-1 so far with a 10+ point margin of victory. We will see you all again, soon. And in the playoffs, too. Until we can settle the score at our next meeting, Thunder is the best team so far in 2013. FACT.
nba is the worst::You misspelled 2012.  Best wishes to you and yours as well!
ThunderCane8::Nah, was referring to this season as the 2013 season. Since the only part that matters is the 2013 part. Thanks! See ya around.
09Skeet::AK47 isnt the KD stopper, more like the KD botherer
Huskies__Ball::i like minnesota fans, most are polite.
like who cares::wellllll helllllooooo (:
MinniWolves90::After all that hate you were spewing last night?! Jk lol, most Thunder fans are cool as well, see you next time
nba is the worst::And who doesn't like cat pix?
ForeverGrapeOKC::Pops first year as coach---1997 Pops last year as coach----when Duncan retires (soon)
nba is the worst::How many playoff losses until Brooks retires?
ForeverGrapeOKC::We dont mind b2b buddy
nba is the worst::B2B's affect all teams - as OKC's record proves, right?
ForeverGrapeOKC::dont compare our situation with the Spurs  OKC = the future Spurs=the past  And you know it too... Would you be complaining about road games and back to backs if Duncan was 25??? No
ForeverGrapeOKC::Fans of teams with narrow championship windows are nuts  AKA Spurs and Laker fans
nba is the worst::Seems like narrow with recent history in a city is better than nonexistent, IMO
nba is the worst::Road losses in the reg season are easily forgotten - but since I was rooting for OKC over the heat, you're right - watching OKC's terrible defense WAS painful
ThunderCane8::You must have forgot that loss a few nights ago? And the pain of watching OKC in the Finals last season? No, surely not.. Considering you're STILL sulking over it.
nba is the worst::A "dope head" would type something like "OKC &gt; SAS", despite his team having never achieved the goal
ThunderCane8::Sure it is. Give it time. Nobody said we would have 4 in our first 4 years, dope head. I don't see how having 4 titles makes SAS &gt; OKC in 2013. Explain?
nba is the worst::OKC &lt; SAS, as far as winning titles is concerned.  Isn't that the goal?
ThunderCane8::Let me explain how it works..  OKC &gt; SAS  The rest will take care of itself.
nba is the worst::margin of victory - please tell us how that relates to the playoff seeding...  BTW, were any starters out for OKC when the Spurs beat them?
ThunderCane8::Recent history shows OKC is tied 1-1 in the series and OKC leads in margin of victory by 10+ points. Since that's the only stat that is recent enough to matter. unless of course we forgot to find a reason to put an asterick on the last win as well.
ForeverGrapeOKC::thats your opinion
676Rob::bro your title hopes hang on kmart LOL
676Rob::SPURS OWN OKC. 11 of 16, DAMN OKC IS GARBAGE WITHOUT MASSIVE REF HELP
nba is the worst::"Westbrook OWNS FG%"  - ForeverGrapeOKC
676Rob::LOL
ForeverGrapeOKC::We OWN the Spurs.....I thought we made that clear in May
nba is the worst::Gee, how delusional can you be?
ThunderCane8::Of course, the okc wins were conditional and have an asterick beside them. Didn't you know this, Forevergrapeokc??
676Rob::ForeverGrapeOKC - Delusional??? 4 straight games buddy  Ball dont lie  but stern does
nba is the worst::Ref gift wins don't really count
ForeverGrapeOKC::Delusional??? 4 straight games buddy  Ball dont lie
676Rob::Both winning streaks come with a caveat, however. Both the Thunder’s 11-game streak and the Clips’ 10-game streak are, in part, a product of the schedule. Over the last few weeks, OKC and L.A. have had two of the easiest schedules in the league.  The Thunder beat the Spurs on Monday, but their 11 wins have come against teams with a (current) cumulative record of 119-154 (.436). Eight of the 11 have come at home and only one has come on the second night of a back-to-back. For the season as a whole, the Thunder have played the easiest schedule in the league.  -nba.com
676Rob::BURN BABY BURN
ThunderCane8::Nah, just puts into perspective that OKC &gt; SAS. The rest will take care of itself.
nba is the worst::Does the "margin of victory" affect the seeding?  smh
ThunderCane8::What's the margin of victory in that 1-1 tie?? Oh that's right, Thunder by 10+
nba is the worst::He was quoting NBA.com - try to keep up!
676Rob::ThunderCane8 - Oh that just hurts our hearts. You're such a grinch. By the way, it's 12 game win streak. And the only BURN is the burn of the Thunder slapping the Spurs this season.  1-1 and the spurs have won 11 out of 16 against the thunder. BURN BABY BURN
ThunderCane8::Oh that just hurts our hearts. You're such a grinch. By the way, it's 12 game win streak. And the only BURN is the burn of the Thunder slapping the Spurs this season.
ForeverGrapeOKC::I wish Spurs fans would just let it go. I understand that you have a very narrow window to win a championship with this old as F team. I also understand that you are threatened by OKC because we are gonna take over the West. But dont take your frustrations out on us
nba is the worst::Wishful thinking is so cute!
nba is the worst::Speaking of cake schedules/deceptive records, exactly when WILL OKC finally play three road games without a break?
ThunderCane8::No sooner than you stop crying about last year's refs. And no sonner than someone can figure out that "illegal defense" theory.  Hey, NBA is the worst, you wouldn't happen to know anything about this "illegal defense", would you??
rleroy1967::After Wolves Kick the Knicks on Sunday...all you will jump on our bandwagon!
676Rob::wolves have a great solid team that will only get better, your team also got everything but punched in the paint but the refs never called anything. woulda been a blowout had crawford called the game correctly
ForeverGrapeOKC::smh
Aaron.Rob::List of 676Rob's accomplishments: 1) Becoming butthurt over OKC's success 2) Finding stupid excuses such as an "illegal defense" in which everyone is playing fair. 3) 4) 5)
ThunderCane8::Success to these boneheads is bragging about titles that were won 10+ years ago. Cool story, guys.
nba is the worst::Wow - you just keep topping yourself, from a "stupidity standpoint".  Carry on! ;)
ThunderCane8::You won 4 titles in 2007?? That's mind blowing..
nba is the worst::Hmm - how long ago was 2007?
676Rob::SUCCESS? GETTING DESTROYED IN THE FINALS LMFAO
nba is the worst::So losing in the Finals is "success"?
ForeverGrapeOKC::We will see the Wolves again Jan 9th  And Im looking forward to it.......
ThunderCane8::I'm not. I just wanna smack the $@%! f*** out of the Spurs and the Heat.
676Rob::I? as in you play for the thunder? LMFAO BAHAHAHAHHAHAA
ForeverGrapeOKC::Kinda glad we lost  Guys will be focused even more on the Heat and less on win streaks
676Rob::list of okc thunder accomplishments  1. allowing lbj his first ring 2. durant crying to mom after allowing lbj his first ring 3. 4. 5.
stein.soccer::Witnessing a future stars first double double, and near triple double http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBcDQq-D8z4
stein.soccer::OKC this is why you lost http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBcDQq-D8z4 Future star in the making. The kid is amazing.
doggbrown1::he will not be a star. you heard it here first.
MinniWolves90::I likey da sexey alexey!
ThunderCane8::626Rob thinks OKC is running an "illegal defense". What he doesn't realize is it's NOT ILLEGAL to have 5 players on the court. Stupid Spurs fans...... SMH.
676Rob::wow how will i ever recover from that epic burn LOL
ThunderCane8::Naw, you're pretty much making my day worth while. It's the Holidays, I get off work at 3, don't gotta come back til the new year and you just keep making yourself look more ignorant with everything you post. Great way to close out the year. Not to mention, my team is 21-5 and just came off a 12 game winning streak. And SMACKED the hell outta your spurs a few days ago. Does life get any better..?
676Rob::ThunderCane8 - If I was a f***ing pshychic I wouldn't be able to figure it out. In fact, God just called ajnd was wondering what the HELL you're talking about??  LOL, U MAD BRO?
ThunderCane8::If I was a f***ing pshychic I wouldn't be able to figure it out. In fact, God just called ajnd was wondering what the HELL you're talking about??
676Rob::ThunderCane8 - Start by explaining that "illegal defense" rather than cowarding out and telling us to "figure it out".  like i said if you had basketball knowledge you would be able to figure it out
ThunderCane8::Start by explaining that "illegal defense" rather than cowarding out and telling us to "figure it out".
thundercrackenjokesatu::And one things a fact money don't make u happy God,family &amp;friends do unless ur obsessed with money but then u find out u can't keep it and survive
MinniWolves90::I'd really like to know Rob's "illegal defense" theory.
ThunderCane8::We all would. I think he would, too.
676Rob::figure it out
MinniWolves90::I just watched them play last night. Saw nothing out of the ordinary.
thundercrackenjokesatu::Oklahoma is the state of common sense .while the rest of the country was putting themselves in debt Oklahoma was not over mortgaging and paying ridiculous money for houses they couldn't afford and then those states losing how many jobs.and atop Oklahoma didn't believe other people they followed there common sense God gave them not some money hungry vigilante
thundercrackenjokesatu::And once again money is ur love.what state u live in tex-$@% the state of the bushes and bevo
thundercrackenjokesatu::And u probably never been out of ur state or matter of fact ur state of mind.
LooseChange25::I bet my state has more money than your state.
thundercrackenjokesatu::No they don't and u must live in a cell block when u get with ur bf the neighbor tells u knocking on his wall to keep it down.
676Rob::that's because everyone in oklahoma lives in one big trailer park
ThunderCane8::626Rob &amp; NBA is the worst are cowards.  Apparently Spurs should be defending champs and OKC is running an "illegal defense"   LMAO!!!
nba is the worst::Apparently Thundercane doesn't comprehend the definition of "coward" any better than he does "RPI" - or "robust"!
676Rob::YOU HAVE A MOHAWK LMAO, AND YOUR TEAM IS GARBAGE
ThunderCane8::Awesome. You got 4 time champs slapped by the Thunder. Your glory days have been gone for 10 years. Face it, Spurs run at a title is just a distant memory that you refuse to let go. Just like the no-calls you alleged in the Finals last year. Spurs are, by your own words and actions, and always will be a team of the PAST.
676Rob::ThunderCane8 - 21-5. Garbage. Well.. our garbage team smacked yours so what's that make the Spurs??   4 time champs
ThunderCane8::21-5. Garbage. Well.. our garbage team smacked yours so what's that make the Spurs??
676Rob::spurs fans are idiots? the combined IQ of oklahoma is 70
ThunderCane8::Coward. Tell us again, what's that "illegal defense" OKC is running?? Lol
676Rob::ThunderCane8 - COWARD..  HOM.O
ThunderCane8::COWARD..
676Rob::why would i tell you? you will deny it. and why am i the coward? the coward is the person who is too scared to admit that his team was guided by the refs into the nba finals
nba is the worst::;)
thundercrackenjokesatu::The reason the thunder would get more free throws is becuz they go to the basket more
nba is the worst::Sure - except the points in the paint and shot charts disagree
stein.soccer::Wolvers never trailed in this game
thundercrackenjokesatu::Once the NBA grows balls and starts fining refs for calls that there was no possible way could happen or that the refs made up in their head .and for david stern he evidently has none becuz they Catch NBA refs gambling and then he makes it harder for teams or players or coaches to say anything or act an emotion so if I see david stern ill spit on him and wipe my dogs as.s on him.bexuz he as left it to refs not players only to decide games.
676Rob::YOU MEAN LIKE GAME 6 OF THE WCF? WHERE MULTIPLE MEDIA OUTLETS AND NON SPUR FANS SAW THE OBVIOUS RIGGING.
nba is the worst::It's precisely this type of attitude from dumb NBA fans that allows Stern to get away with it.  Sad, really
676Rob::ThunderCane8 - LMAO. If you blame refs for a loss you're not only ignorant, but a COWARD. Especially if you cry about it 9 months after it happens   idk why you're in denial when its clear that it happened
ThunderCane8::LMAO. If you blame refs for a loss you're not only ignorant, but a COWARD. Especially if you cry about it 9 months after it happens.
thundercrackenjokesatu::People blaming westbrook I blame joey Crawford an co. Re watch the game look at how many times okc is fouled and no call then look how easy they called fouls on okc.a few csll on okc wasnt even close to the guy and got called for a foul by a ref on a side that couldn't see crap.this game wasn't for real and Minnesota fans inside know they only won becuz they had the officials pocket.
TillieOKC::Minnesota's shots were going in the basket.  OKC took shots they shouldn't have.  My Thunder looked tired and rightly so.  They played late in ATL and got into Minnesota at 2am and then played an early game.  Martin was out which really hurt us. He's a guy that can deliver 15 solid points if not more.  OKC was out of sync and this game didn't showcase their true ability. Minnesota played better... actually probably one of their best games this season and we played one of our worst and still almost made a comeback.  That has to tell you something right there.
eototalt::This wasn't anywhere near to being our best game of the year. That should tell you something right there.
MinniWolves90::Minnesota played better than the Thunder last night. Learn how to take a loss.
nba is the worst::Sure, because a road team shooting more fts than the home team clearly indicates ref help
676Rob::blame joey crawford?!?!?!? you mean the same guy who got you into the finals last year???????
ThunderCane8::Sure- if you want to acknowledge that they should be defending champs because those same refs were the ones who blew the calls in the NBA Finals and were ultimately to blame for our exit. Well, based on your logic.
676Rob::ThunderCane8 - Sure.. why not? All the Spurs fans are doing it, right?? LMAO  you cant deny it, you're just afraid to admit that okc got into the finals with ref help last year.
ThunderCane8::Sure.. why not? All the Spurs fans are doing it, right?? LMAO
676Rob::the refs will do everything in their power to get okc back in the finals, okc is the only team that is allowed to play a certain illegal defense and they never get called for it.
ThunderCane8::A certain illegal defense, which he probably refuses to discuss in detail. Likely because it's only "illegal" in his mind.
ThunderCane8::Yep, you're an idiot. Just sling whatever BS you imagine in your head and hope it sticks. Spurs fans are idiots..
676Rob::ThunderCane8 - I can't figure out an imaginary defense. So please, elaborate, BRO.  figure it out bro
ThunderCane8::I can't figure out an imaginary defense. So please, elaborate, BRO.
676Rob::ThunderCane8 - Afraid to answer the question head-on... Romney, is that you???  bro if you had any basketball knowledge you could figure it out on your own
ThunderCane8::Afraid to answer the question head-on... Romney, is that you???
676Rob::nice mohawk hom.o LOL
MinniWolves90::What would that 'certain illegal defense' be?
nba is the worst::Bricks per game top 10 list updated:  1. Westbrick 10.88 2. Kobe 10.84 3. Monta 10.71 4.'Melo 10.57 5. Jennings 10.16 6. Gay 9.87 7. Felton 9.76 8.Harden 9.67 9. Aldridge 9.63 10. Waiters 9.53
MinniWolves90::Monta has 10.10.71? that just blew my mind.
nba is the worst::typo, thanks!
ForeverGrapeOKC::damn you hate the Thunder :)
nba is the worst::Kobe's led the past week, 'melo before that.  Just because Westbrook and the Thunder are both overrated (especially by homers) doesn't mean I hate them, silly!
ForeverGrapeOKC::I know you post it  Because you hate Westbrook and the Thunder
nba is the worst::False - I post this list everywhere.  1st time Westy's been #1 all season
MinniWolves90::I know we've been through this, but, How does Denver shoot 0-22 from downtown?? I know they have Corey Brewer on the roster, but DAMN.
Minnysota Vikings::nba is the worst, do you think Rondo is overrated?
nba is the worst::He's kind of a head case, and is lousy at the ft line, but he's an amazing player - as he's proven with his triple doubles
djforrestgump::OKC could of Won last night if Westbrook took 10 more shots!  Not!!  Pass the ball around my brotha or OKC isn't going anywhere.
nba is the worst::Confidence is one thing - but when you're shooting 39% for the month, and your teammate is at 55%, it certainly makes sense to get him the 28 FGAs
MinniWolves90::Really? Kobe is first for me.
nba is the worst::Westbrook took the league lead from kobe last night in missed shots per game AND total misses
eototalt::He is incapable of understanding what you just said.
djforrestgump::When I think of the term "Hogging"  the first person that comes to my mind is Russell Westbrook
Minnysota Vikings::He also kind of looks like a hog with that snout of his
MinniWolves90::nba is the worst - But that nickname is already in use - get him his own! ;) --------------------------------------------------------------------- He is... The CAGED LION
ThunderCane8::So since Spurs continue the "what if" conversation.. What if the Thunder eliminate the Spurs AGAIN in 2013?? What's the excuse, then?
FranklinPistachio211::Sure. Like they way you beat us 4 days ago. That was legit. If you beat us like that in an elimination game in the playoffs, I won't complain about the ref$.
nba is the worst::+1
FranklinPistachio211::That's yet to be determined. If they beat us legitimately, then I'll congratulate them.
ThunderCane8::Is there a way to beat them legitimately?? I get the feeling from your complete HOMERISM, that it just isn't possible.
FranklinPistachio211::Today's ownage of Thunder fans has been brought to you by yours truly, nba is the worst, Church's Chicken, and Mickey's 40's.
FranklinPistachio211::nba is correct. To deny that Joey Crawford rigged that game is pure ignorance, especially considering his past with the Spurs.  He had NO business officiating that game. NONE.
FranklinPistachio211::Damn right I will, and I'll be well-justified in doing so.
Seskatchewan::in the year 2034, you will reminisce about the 2012 playoff run and STILL blame Joey Crawford
nba is the worst::And sheeple like you will prolong the disgusting cheating by officials in the only pro sport that rigs outcomes
Seskatchewan::FranklinPistachio211 -- Enough of your crybaby antics of pro-Spurs, anti-OKC ways. MOVE FORWARD
FranklinPistachio211::It's not an excuse, clown; it's a legit complaint.
Seskatchewan::Im not a defensive fan, im just tired of the Crawford excuse, its old
nba is the worst::Anyone who claims analysis of what happened = "crying" is clueless
nba is the worst::Contrary to defensive OKC fans' denial, accurate analysis of the league's rigging an elimination game doesn't make a person a "crybaby".
ff_dp::Wolves have a solid young core of players (love, rubio, pek, williams, shved) i hope kahn does nothing at the trade deadline.  these next two years are nearly impossible to win a championship with the super friends in miami and LA.. i say hold on to what we got, let them develop and grow together...chemistry is just as important as talent
eototalt::We need to trade for a wing player(Shooter) though. Maybe offer up DWill or something.
nba is the worst::But that nickname is already in use - get him his own! ;)
MinniWolves90::nba is the worst - You don't have DWill - he plays for the Nets  Can you say nitpicking?
eototalt::nba is the worst - You don't have DWill - he plays for the Nets  you know who I am talkin about
nba is the worst::You don't have DWill - he plays for the Nets
ThunderCane8::Spurs oficially the biggest cry baby organization in the NBA. Still crying about calls in the WCF last year. Get over it! OKC isn't crying about LBJ fouling Durant on a game changing no-call!!
nba is the worst::You just posted that ThunderCane- and it was wrong the 1st time.  tell us again how RPI  in any way relates to "the actual SOS argument"...
nba is the worst::The formulas are at the bottom of the page in your link, it doesn't take "research".  Similarly, it doesn't take research to comprehend that SOS is completely different than RPI - just more intelligence than you possess, apparently
ThunderCane8::Apparently you've never researched the formulas. Typical Spurs fan.. Lol. Just throw whatever out there and hope it sticks, son.
nba is the worst::What BS.  Please explain why an RPI link would contain an independent SOS tab, if that were the case.  smh
ThunderCane8::Again, RPI is the better measurement IMO when assesing schedule strength because it's more robust and in depth.
FranklinPistachio211::Spurs would have smashed the Heat in the Finals. The Thunder embarrassed the entire Western Conference with their pitiful showing on the biggest stage.
ThunderCane8::Spurs always playing the "what if" card. It's getting old... Much like your decrepit team. What if... Spurs were 5 years younger? Who gives a sh!t!
FranklinPistachio211::So, how much did the Thunder pay Joey Crawford to get them into the Finals last year?
Seskatchewan::it means stop sobbing like a 6 year old girl that got her barbie taken away from her
FranklinPistachio211::"wahhhhh"? So, what does that mean? $3mil? $4mil?
nba is the worst::SOMEONE TELL SESKATCHEWAN'S MOM HIS DIAPER NEEDS CHANGING
Seskatchewan::wahhhhh?
