Desertdog5::LAST COMMENT OF THE SEASON!!!!!! GO SUNS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
southside_phx::<sub>yo</sub>
Desertdog5::wuz up
Butuss::sw
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::We could get Eric Gordon just saying. A good staff could keep him healthy + he wants to be here.
FORKWDEVIL::Let the Lotto begin.
69durango::Damn...is Mosgov better than McGee??
jayeteee::Possibly. Better rounded game.
I prefer boxers over briefs::no
Calvin9299::The masses agree for the most part, that the West comes down to OKC and SA. While I'm enclined to believe them, I do so with slight hesitation.   Don't sleep on the Nuggets.
cscobra::Depends who you listen to, Houston and LA both seem they have good chanced of knocking off OKC and SA.  I do not agree with them but its out there.  EXPERTS still believe Denver can not win in round 2 because of Gallo injury and the lack of star player
cscobra::LA has not proved anything except that they can beat a team that plays as little defense as possible and a bunch of .500 teams and under.  They beat SA, here is a reminder SA was playing their B team.  LA will get swept or lose in 5.
69durango::The LAL just proved a balanced team is better than being star focused. The Nugs will beat LAL in the 2nd round because we are much deeper and younger.  Iggy is very close to being a star level player and Ty and Wilson aren't far behind.  Chandler, Brewer and Fournier more than make up for Gallo.
dwade grater den jordan 18.0::wow ive seen espn ppl think nugs will loose 2 GS  dont now how no1 gives u respect but i do  heat vs nugs
NBA Announcer::Andre Iguodala is a Star. Not a "Super-Star" but a star. He shuts down the other teams best player, dunks, assists, blocks, and rebounds.
slowquin::Thanks for a record breaking season 57 wins :)
-tpac_12::Go Spurs Go Rockets
acmebrew::I like the Nuggets chances a lot. Check the head to head records for the Nuggets against all the playoff teams in the West. They split with the Spurs (won the last two), and won 3 out of 4 against the rest. Except for Houston, whom they swept. This team can beat anyone.
bearsbball12::Lakers*
bearsbball12::So you dislike the Lakers more than you like the Nuggets?
-tpac_12::never
jayeteee::Alright, I'm out. Later, bears. Go Nuggets!!!!!!
bearsbball12::Later man
bearsbball12::Warriors fans are so funny over on their boards thinking they'll split the first 2 games at The Can.
jayeteee::The Nuggets just have to stay within themselves and play Nuggets basketball. They can't let the excitement get to them. I don't think it will. All those crazy games we've played lately are going to help us in the close ones. I like our chances in this series, just need to keep that little kids 3-point shooting to a minimum.
bearsbball12::Yeah, just can't let Curry get hot from 3. But that's what we have Iguodala for.
jayeteee::James Harden and Jeremy Lin are both pretty lame, but at least Lin shares the ball. Harden reminds me of Melo without the talent. And that Lakers team plays basketball like it's a pick up game.
jayeteee::BtB games in Golden State for games 3 &amp; 4, I kinda' like it. Get it over w/ quick and get an extra day back home.
Jonnyb8717::Amen!  Go Nuggets!
bearsbball12::Or, in a perfect world, get it over with and wait for our 2nd round opponent.
gmann305::Kinda upsetting that the only game i got to go to this year was the Wizards one
Moussa9794::and they lost, My wife got on the court and she won a wizard's hat lol
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::Well, goodnight yall can't wait for Saturday..!!
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::Terrible schedule..!!
RoidRage1986::I like the fact that theres 2 days between each of the first 2. if faried isnt 100% in game 1, at least that will give him a little extra rest time. we need faried to beast on the boards and make lee work for his points.
jayeteee::Where'd you see the schedule?
bearsbball12::http://www.nba.com/nuggets/news/no-3-nuggets-set-face-no-6-golden-state-playoffs
bearsbball12::What's terrible about it?
cscobra::Hello every game is out in the West, they were going to be late games.  Don't like it root for an eastern conference team
bearsbball12::Every other game is a late game.
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::I wanted the late game but I guess ESPN wants to broadcast all the games..!!
bearsbball12::Wow, got the 3:30 game.
jayeteee::Sat or Sun? And 3:30 EST?
bearsbball12::Don't think it's up yet...
jayeteee::Thanks. Where's the convo box? LOL It's not up yet?
bearsbball12::Saturday. 3:30 Mountain
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::Sat. 5:30 EST
-tpac_12::I am the biggest Rockets and Spurs fan right now. At least for the first round
bearsbball12::Why? Cheer for the Lakers. They'd be a cake walk in the 2nd round.
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::BTW, Klay Thompson rolled his ankle..!!
RockyMountainWay1::he's fine...and he finished out the game I think
jayeteee::Whoever plays the Rockets or Lakers has it easy in the first round. Those two teams are terrible.
jayeteee::I watched the end of that game and overtime and neither of those teams runs any kind of set offense at all. It was hard to watch from a basketball fans standpoint.
Hlee196::Agree 100%
RockyMountainWay1::I'm scared of the Warriors.
bearsbball12::You would be scared of anyone lol
barteltd::Gotta respect them.  But we have homecourt and that's everything in this series.
BurnabyJoeFan::Later all
Quincy Miller 30::I'm out too. LETS GO NUGGETS!!
John_D03::well people, this is where i say bye, will be here on saturday (sunday morning in croatia) god bless you all, go nuggets
BurnabyJoeFan::Later bud.. goodnig.. I mean morning to ya
BurnabyJoeFan::Niuggets sitting pretty
bearsbball12::And FINALLY everything is set. Let the playoffs begin
FrogsterTi::I REALLY REALLY HOPE the Lakers beat San Antonio... cos I want us to SMASH THEM!!!!
FrogsterTi::Nope REVENGE for last year!! :)
barteltd::No way.  That means Lakers fans would infest the Pepsi Center.  Yuck.
BurnabyJoeFan::yeah.. then be really pissy when they lose
BurnabyJoeFan::It's destiny.
Quincy Miller 30::Lakers gonna get swept.
BurnabyJoeFan::Goodnight Houston
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::OKC will sweep Harden..!!
barteltd::Totally.  He was the 3rd best player on that team.  He can't carry a team by himself.
NFLFanFreak::God this is going way to long end the game already.
BurnabyJoeFan::I find the term 'ability' to get to the free throw line funny.  It's not an 'ability'.. it's bad officiating
barteltd::Don't expect ESPN to be skeptical when it comes to their pet teams.
bearsbball12::Looking back at past year's standings, it's crazy how much better the West has been than the Least. In the 07-08 season, all 8 West playoff teams won 50+ games and the 48-34 Warriors missed out. In the Least, only 3 teams won 50+, 2 out of 8 had losing records, and the 37-45 Hawks made it in.
barteltd::Yep.  If this years Knicks played in the West they would be a 6 seed.
DENuggetz303::No foul on Howard LMFAO!
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::TY Lawson has had 2 games vs Lakers having 10+ ast and 0 TO..!!
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::LAKERS IN OUR BRACKET. SWEEP BABY..!!
Votto4mvp050584586::lol
NFLFanFreak::Benjamin Hochman I'm sure Nuggets fans are rooting for the Lakers to lose, because they wouldn't want a 3-7 Nuggets-Lakers second round, right?  IDK about that. That would be Sweet Revenge if it happend.Then again the Refs would help the Lakers in that series.
barteltd::We need to beat the Warriors before we worry about San Antonio.
BurnabyJoeFan::I hope he was being sarcastic.. I don't get it.
BurnabyJoeFan::This game is done..
bearsbball12::"Silver Screen &amp; Roll @LakersBlog_SSR 1m Lakers and Rockets both realize that as long as this game doesn't end, they won't have to play a series against the Thunder and/or Spurs"  Haha
NFLFanFreak::Do we have a time yet on the 1st game?
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::Probably 9 pm EST
bearsbball12::10:30*
bearsbball12::Not officially. But probably the late game.
BurnabyJoeFan::cause the NBA hates us like that
DENuggetz303::The Lakers are going to get destroyed in the playoffs
BurnabyJoeFan::I know.. it's going to be such a train wreck.. I can't wait.
ESPNisBSN3WS::Harden looks to be modeling his game after Kobe
BurnabyJoeFan::Bunch of crying floppers.. sick of it
NFLFanFreak::LOL Lin Airball.
FrogsterTi::Yup airball, but it was Harden's fault for holding it until 4 seconds left and giving it to Lin.
BurnabyJoeFan::Linsanity does not approve that message.
Quincy Miller 30::Take Lin out.
BurnabyJoeFan::Linsanity does not approve that message.
BurnabyJoeFan::Pau from top of the Key lol
ESPNisBSN3WS::Kobe is out? THANK GOD, espn is giving us his twitter updates
BurnabyJoeFan::WHAT? lol
ESPNisBSN3WS::https://twitter.com/kobebryant/status/324750711332147201
BurnabyJoeFan::I missed that.. he give it a mean stare?
ESPNisBSN3WS::the put kobes reaction to that shot on ESPN...smh
NFLFanFreak::Of Course they kiss kobe's $@%.
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::Clippers and Grizz will kill each other hopefully for 7 games..!!
ESPNisBSN3WS::I hate Pau so much...so skilled, but such a $@%!$
