EdCruz360::Clipps didn't have Chris Paul
mike etheridge::cant believe Butler shook dudes hand then stole the ball down 20+ points with 5 seconds left in the game lmao talk about padding the stat sheet what a Bush move son
KrayzieBone007::Lakers should have traded Gasol and MWP for Rudy Gay!  they really missed a good opportunity to step up!
xmanfolife::Gee Blake....could it b that u got beat by a better team that night?  Don't get too high on yourself.....championships aren't won n the regular season.
Tom_Lipovski::LOLLLL CLIPPERS SUCK THEY NOTHING WITHOUT PAUL...WHERE ARE TRHOSE "CLIPPER" FANS NOW? LMAO FLOP CITY CANT DO S--T WITHOUIT PAUL SOON THEY'LL GO BACK TO BEING THE LAKERS'S B-TCH! HAHA
19brom::curon butlers a punk
19brom::well if ur a raps fan how cant you like the trade after that performance by rudy and the team
Kev_010::raptors just went lob city against lob city!!
bamberg1977::Gay 'wows' in his debut? He scored 20 on 16 shots. Very average.   The problem is it took his very best 3pt shooting to get to average. Gay is not a great shooter, never has been and never will be. This game is as efficient as he'll ever be, and it was still just average.
Tommy72931::The wowing was caused by: 1) two alley-oop dunks in transition off of long passes 2) a long contested buzzer-beating 3 at the end of the 3rd quarter.  Plus he came off the bench and hadn't even practiced (or even a shootaround) with his new teammates yet.
just2940::At this moment, I don't care about rationalities. As a Raps fan, I am pumped about Rudy Gay despite his contract details. It's time for me to enjoy what's in front of me instead of being a "realist".
BarrelRider04::Nice game Raptors, you guys absolutely trounced us. What a pathetic showing once again by the Clips. This is becoming a disturbing trend of losing to sub .500 teams. Not a good sign for a team with high expectations. DEFENSE DEFENSE DEFENSE! Clips don't play any they are going to be going home earlier than people think.
Yofiel Malachi::Rudy Gay Wows? Wowing is what James Harden Did during his First Two games. Rudy did OK for someone of his calibur, but nothing wow about it
GoBlueRaidersGo25::Caron Butler: C'MON MAN!!!
nicky_g_::Rudy's own words:" the system in Memphis limited my individual performance"
xmanfolife::Rudy must mean....team play limited his individual performance.
BRIANSsister75::As a Grizz fan, I think the deal was premature. Management should've let this season play out. I'm pretty sure Tashaun Prince would've been available. All that being said, I wish Rudy nothing but the best in Toronto! Raptors fans, you've got a great guy on your team.
WarriorsWarrior::Caron Buter.. COME ON MAN!
tmoneyinmphs::Rudy gets the headlines, but i watched the game and amir johnson and demar derozan should have been in the headlines ahead of rudy.
Koballhog::Gay cant pass, cant defend, cant rebound...hes just a inneficient scorer.
I have no legs::Clips are a guaranteed 2nd round exit.
whodattrackgeauxtigers::Rudy Gay is incredibly inefficient. He is a Michael Beasly being paid 17 million who takes a lot of shots. It's not just me, it's the numbers. Memphis won that trade
tmoneyinmphs::People in memphis are happy and were tired of watching rudy underperform.  Just recently, he has been played evenly or outplayed by rookies and 2nd and 3rd year players who make far less than him.  Raptors and their fans will figure it out soon enough.
1gatherer::Congratulations Raptors. Great game and and great start for Rudy Gay.
Dr. Kind of Know::Gay wows in de-but as Raptors over- power the short handed   -ESPN-
rex_coach::<b>Clippers are a joke</b>
rex_coach::<b>C. Butler is the new DB of the NBA...</b>
TheKnicks5452::Lol well he only joined the D-bag party then because theres quite a few.. Never surprises me. Howcome you never see $@%! like that in hockey? Or baseball? Only football and basketball, players act like 5 year old when they dont get there own way..
joeuknow51::So a monarchist and a racist walk into a bar...
rex_coach::<b>I agree!</b>
TheKnicks5452::Omg did Butler really do that? Why?
jlkingespn2010::i always felt rudy gay was underated. i think if he was on a team w/nothing but role players he would be a 20+ppg. 6/7+rpg. 4/5+apg. type of player.
tmoneyinmphs::Well, he should be doing it, but he doesn't.  People in memphis thought he was soft mentally and didn't have the personality to be a star player that leads his team.
fooseeesh2::20 pts 3 rb and an assist is wow?
RipCityRedWhiteNBlack::And its not always just about how many points you score, its defense, limiting mistakes, and hitting clutch or timely baskets that can impress as well
Hesterfan2395::The raps had no plays designed for him cause he just came to toronto yesterday and only had 2 hours before game time to meet his new teammates. So the fact he was able to put up 20 is wow. He was actually suppose to debut on Sunday.
chairguru22::seriously.. i was expecting to see 40 pts....
ElPlywood::You 3 guys don't know much about basketball, eh - Gay shows up to his new team, knows nothing whatsoever about the system, the plays, and can still work within it and hit 20. That is impressive.
tthreat2323::Haha. That's exactly what I was thinking.
shake like laguardia::Caron Butler just nominated himself for dou che bagg of the year ...
BeastMode81::What happened?
GoBlueRaidersGo25::Jonas Valanciunas was attempting to run out the clock, but Caron Butler faked the high five and stole the ball from him.
inityminiwur::Landry Fields' days as a starter is numbered. You just don't start Landry Fields over Rudy Gay.
poonky::Ever since watching Rudy Gay play in college --UCLA?--he seemed destined for greatness. Good luck to the Raptors.
GoBlueRaidersGo25::UCONN
RollTideOrDie14::sounds like you watched him very closely. All I remember was George mason beating him in the tournament
poonky::Yes, UConn.
Kembaslice::uconn
KnickerBoxG-MenRagsFan4Life::http://espn.go.com/nba/attendance This is average of attendance for teams per game. Look at the clippers and lakers, then at the top, click 2-3 years ago. If that doesnt tell you everything you need to know abot bandwagon LA fans, i dont know what will..
doubleyoo::Good for you Rudy. Make the most of every opportunity. Congrats on the win.
longgrassgrows::never going to win with a 12 to 30 assist disparity
dburton4689::Canada's a bit more Gay friendly, eh?
jackdabear::Nice headline ESPN, More like a NY POST Headline
TRUUU_SPURZ::Both teams are 1-0 with there new pieces.
Debaserawr::Gay's pride earned him a parade to the free throw line
KnickerBoxG-MenRagsFan4Life::A gay pride parade, what?
Debaserawr::In route to 20 points, Gay pounded his man down low hard
Debaserawr::Gay makes Grizzlies management regret turning their back on him
Debaserawr::Gay swallowed the Clippers whole
JPP...SMASH::Maybe Rudy needed a change of scenery.....but his MEM teammates seemed to enjoy playing with him..... Idk, I wouldn't have traded the 25 yr old swing man capable of 20 ppg and average defense at worst......  even if you desperately need to make cap space, (which the 1st trade was for...we thought) they should at least have made a run this year with that current squad at the very least because A.) you could have made the same deal in the offseason (probably, why not right?) and B.) there's no way that his stock wouldn't RISE after a playoff run...all he would have had to do is perform even at his current production...and I bet his stock would rise....a decent Playoffs got Turkoglu like $44 mill........imagine he had a good Playoffs.....probably could've gotten more.
Le Brick::Remember when Caron Butler use to have class?
ArtieSullivan::NO CP3 NO BILLUPS NO BARNES  wtv
jason21382::No CP3, no Clipps
TDOT-2012::No Bargnani  No Pietrus  No Kleiza   :)
TRUUU_SPURZ::Good for the Toronto fanbase though.
adam83stl::Gay gets two snaps and a kick back for tonights performance
adam83stl::Even better   http://m.youtube.com/#/watch?v=lrWOxbgGPsg&amp;desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DlrWOxbgGPsg  "They were making red snapper." "Hated it!"  Lol :)
adam83stl::http://m.youtube.com/#/watch?v=MrayjplfDw4&amp;desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DMrayjplfDw4  For those that don't remember
AdamMcD1536::It just got Gay in Toronto.
BeenaHeatFanSince1987::Darn, Dallas should have gotten Rudy with the "bank open." On the right team he could be right under the best sg like Kobe and Melo. Mayo will never be.
cblackjetsox::call me childish, but am i the only one who thinks all these Rudy headlines are hilarious?
mattsingh77::yes they are
mattsingh77::they need another power forward young they should have traded amir but they amir is the best center on this team is this a joke jonas macthed tim duncan and even he said this kid is special. jack armstong is an idiot
TRUUU_SPURZ::Mbatkiew you do know that Zbo is 31 and will be 32 in July. So picking up Ed Davis was a good move.You obviously didn't watch the grizz because if you did you would know Gay is a brick machine.
TRUUU_SPURZ::As a Spurs fan I would of much rather seen Darrell Arthur go I like his game but he kills my spurs.
TRUUU_SPURZ::Don't get me wrong I think he's a good player but he's being over hyped and its making the the grizz look foolish. Which is furthest from the truth. This trade will benefit both teams.
Nash_Memph_ville::You'll have to wait for he new car smell to wear off.  u can't blame the though. They won't be sniffing the playoffs this year, and it would  bring excitement to any bad team.   Just make sure to check in on his bad games to see the reaction. Rudy was very frustrating to watch.. so much talent, but very inconsistent.  But,  he's about to be 27 aleady, we'll see if he hits is potential and this may work out to be a steal fr them
Nash_Memph_ville::He's a good player. He just didn't fit what the grizz needed. Hes shooting a career low percentage this year.   Memphis needed someone who could spread the court and knock down outside jumpers and 3s, wich rudy wasn't doing well.  The problem is he wanted the ball in paint, but memphis already has Gasol and Zbo down there..   He's very similar to DeRozan. It may work out well with them both attacking the basket.
