James::The Kings team has improved drastically. With sound structured coaching without being overbearing and using your teams strengths, this team can make the playoffs. Again sound coaching to help grow and mature this team. The problem in the NBA is coaches inability to communicate with todays players.
Be+::I was at the Rockets game and it was kind of boring even though I am a huge fan.  It started off kind of slow.  The Kings did not play that well and neither did the Rockets.  If the Rockets would just make more free throws, they could have won the game.  Parsons was not playing well and missed his free throws tonight for some reason.  I liked how Casspi made the extra effort but his shots weren't falling either.  Jones cleaned up a few missed shots by other players and I didn't understand why McHale took him out towards the end.
Professor::As an analyst, SAC looked a little better on offense with fewer turnovers.  On the defensive end Thomas, McLemore and Thornton got schooled.  In the end HOU gave away the game with some terrible shooting.
Uan theTruth::As a former coach now analyst of the NBA, The Kings need to understand McLemore, Thomas, and Thornton will continue to be beat on the defensive end.  Stop the street ball no plan offense. And work on the fundamentals of rebounding with Thompson and Gay.
Blue::Bad loss for the Rockets. Harden played great for the majority of the game, but let it get to his head toward the end with some rather bone-headed mistakes down the stretch (including the unnecessary technical, which proved rather costly, several defensive lapses on Rudy Gay, and a plethora of stupid heat checks), Lin has always had trouble guarding short guards like Lawson, CP3 and now Thomas (although it's not like IT did anything to stop Lin either). He needs to remember that he can make up for poor defense by staying aggressive on offense. Afterall, IT only shot 6/17, Lin's consistently shoots better than 50% almost every night. That's his game. But he gets down on himself whenever IT blows by him. Dwight had trouble against Cousins for the second time (although if you watch closely, a lot of that had to do with luck as Cousins never got inside position on Dwight and relied on speed to get past other players on the court while avoiding D12 altogether to get his points. Also, there was the bad foul on IT that prematurely sealed the game. Casspi played well, but the rest of the bench was utterly ineffective. We should have activated D-Mo this game. Not only would it have been a good learning experience, he better innate speed and footwork than Dwight to keep up with Cousins, who wasn't really challenging Dwight in the paint this game. I like McHale, but he should have done a better job managing this game.
Mike::Beard 12/26 =46%   5TO   1assist       Lin 7/10 fg = 70%   6assist 1 TO    Beard must be limited to 15 shot per game & automatic benched period this way he is force to distribuit & less iso ballhog.  ROX  R loaded  wirh quality shooter even better than him.   That is the solution, b ball is team ball not hero stat ball   MikeY
donotbeafraid::Kings ae going to be a tough team to play for anyone and they are improving.  The Suns, Warriors and Kings are all very good.  The entire Pacific is loaded with talent.  Both the Clippers and Lakers are going to be hard pressed this season.
Joe::Team defense was very disappointing. Harden again takes way too many shots. No bench production. Another disappointing loss.
comicbookguy::Harden is Melo 2.0. 26 shots, 1 assist and 5 Turnover.   Does Harden realize there are 4 other teammates?
poyman::Didn't get to see the game, but I like a lot of the stat line... I T had a great Assists vs TO ratio but it looks like he a few too many shots... 35% from the field... And only 25% from distance... It looks like his man (JLinn, the opposing PG) didn't hurt the Kings too bad... Thornton was way better than he has been, and both Gay and Cousins had good games... It also looks like Fredette did pretty well in relief... Maybe Malone's rant has lit a spark... They look better as a team.
