Chad Wiggins::d williams putting it on his old team
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I wonder if Derrick Williams has revenge in his mind. ( probably wants to show the wolves what they were missing out on )
Joe Coburn::He has a poor attitude and is very streaky. Not a promising combination.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Joe Coburn Derrick williams was never really given a chance to play ball.
Tim J. Miller::D will is a slacker and would rather be out partying then playin ball  ernest bagdasaryan
Casey McPartlan::Wtf, is Sacramento trying to give us the game.  Worst coaching, or lack of I've seen.
Kenny Zhang::Ignorant comment.
Casey McPartlan::Yeah,  ok dude.  When you give up 11 poimt lead with a couple minutes to go... I'm an Isiah fan,  but how many turnovers and fouls at the end? Wolves had all the momentum. Only reason Sacramento won at the end was the Rudy Gay Iso three.
Kenny Zhang::Casey McPartlan I'll give you that, but what about those Love desperation 3's? He didn't heat up until the very last couple minutes. Also, you can't judge the coaching based on several turnovers literally due to Isaiah's excitement for the game to end. What coach should have done was take Isaiah out and put Fredette in. IT played too many minutes in that game, and it showed.
Shawn Davis::Wolves drafted and traded Ty Lawson and Trey Burke and kept Rubio. WTH???
Casey McPartlan::What are the King's now since Rudy Gay trade, 8-8?  6-3 in last 9?  That's better then what my Wolves have been, so people shouldn't say we should have won, like we've proven anything.  Never understand why teams give up on Gay. Kings are using his many talents.  As a wolves fan I'm jealous.  Adelman is past his glory days and should retire finally.  Wolves lineup if they drafted and or kept the right guys: Rubio, curry, George, Love, Pek with bench of burke, Martin, lawson, brewer, Williams )if adelman actually kept him).  You could switch out George for Cousins too...
Chad Wiggins::doesnt matter how good fredette plays, when ur coach chooses to not give u ur min in the sec half, he has no respect for the way u play basketball...
David Franson::Malone nearly cost the Kings that game by leaving IT (his man crush) in there way too long.  42 minutes?? Gimme a break.  Kings are lucky they won that game.
Kenny Zhang::David Franson A win is a win :)
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Kings going to use the Pacers game as a motivation to beat on the timberwolves, feel bad for you guys !
Shawn Gooderum::Sacramento has no leadership.  Cousins leads stat wise, but not much in the locker room.  The Kings have been getting there butts kicked all year, but the one loss to the Pacers is going to all of a sudden motivate them?  Good teams get motivated from bad losses.  Bad teams, like the Kings, dwell on those games and the lack of confidence dwindles even more.  Good luck tonight though. You will need it.
Kenny Zhang::Shawn Gooderum Bitter wolves fan much? May the better team win.
Frankie Cartoscelli::Shawn Gooderum  you might want to check the kings schedule bud. They haven't been "getting their butts kicked" in any games except one or two, Most losses range from 2-8 points. Do you even watch basketball?
George Jimas::two teams that don't play defense, should be an exciting game.
Chad Wiggins::berrea is such a little cry b*****
Jamaal Eley::#kings baby
David Franson::Okay, Malone. I think you have made your point playing IT the entire second half. Can't complain about his shooting tonight, but he is now turning the ball over every time down the court.  7 turnovers and counting...
Brian Robbins::As long as Ricky Rubio is the Wolves PG, the Wolves will not make the playoffs. 5 points, 5 TO, 5 Assists...any journeyman NBA PG can do this.
Gilbert Baron::Again this disgusting team falls to an even more disgusting team. an the NBA really has deteriorated.
Eric Jackson::In your house too.  Get used to it. This Kings team is going to get nithing but better.
Darrin Bolton::Kings aren't a disgusting team anymore.  Maybe pay attention a little..
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Kings shooting 57 percent to Minnesota's 40 percent, embarrassing.
Kyle Koliha::As a Wolves fan.... "We Suck!"
Rene Covarrubias::hopefully the kings win this one
Joe Coburn::Wolves win tonight.
Jan Rhais Amantiad::YEAH! Go Wolves! :D
Eric Jackson::How is that win going so far?  Kings are about to win in your house.
Tim J. Miller::Eric Jackson W or L tonight for the kings does not matter. The wolves have a much better chance of making the playoffs, and its just another rebuilding year for the kings.
Kenny Zhang::Kings will win this one.
Kenny Zhang::At what position other than PF do the Wolves have on the Kings? hmmmm
Nate Stein::Kenny Zhang Wolves have an advantage at SG, and neither Rubio, Pek, or Brewer are a weakness on this team, we have no bad starter.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Agreed !
Jared Keen::And back to 500....
Jesse Huber::You'd like to think that wouldn't you? I wouldn't bet on it. Even the slightest bit of progress scares this team. Just the idea that a little bit of pressure would be on them, it terrifies them. Sacramento will be like, "why are these dudes so scared, don't they know we suck?"
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Good luck stopping cousins, Hibbert/West and the pacers couldn't, he ran all over them, regardless of the loss.
Nate Stein::Ernest Bagdasaryan Demarcus Cousins is a good player, but Pek has played him well in his career. Cousins averages 11.625 pts per game against Pek when they both start or play even minutes to go along with 6.75 rebounds. Pek in those games averaged 11.75 with 6.125 rebounds. Pek neutralizes Cousins when they both start. Both will be in foul trouble with 4 or 5 fouls
Ron Schaffer::Is Kevin Love another Carmelo Anthony? AKA...a great scorer whose teams don't win. At the end of the day, he is the team's superstar who makes the big bucks. Lebron carried a lesser team to the championship in Cleveland. Larry Bird turned the Celtics around in his rookie year - last place to 60 wins. Given his talent, this team should not be 2 games under 500, regardless of injuries, etc.
Brandon Dowden::This Minnesota team is not well constructed to be honest. It's the same issue in Detroit. Too many similar players that essentially cancel one another out. I also feel like the talent level in Minnesota is grossly overestimated. Rubio for instance, is as one dimensional as they come. It's difficult to win at any level if your starting PG can't shoot above 35% from the field. At least Rondo, whom many compare Rubio to, shoots a high percentage from the field due to his ability to score inside the paint. The Cavs were built specifically with Lebron's strengths in mind. They used spot up shooters to provide spacing so Lebron could operate an open court. That's pretty much the exact way the Heat are set up as well.(With the exception of Wade)
Mark Munger::T'wolves are the second Highest scoring team per game so far the season, according to espn. Our, the Kings, D is 28th in the league. Even though as of late we have been playing better we are far to inconsistent to say, with any certainty, that we are going to beat anyone.   That said I wouldn't ever bet against the Kings because, as they have shown, on any given night we can hang with anyone in the league when we play to our potential.
Kevin Shaffer::Let's leave a short little pg in 42 mins that doesn't paly defense and turns the ball over 7 times.  I thought the object of the pg was to take care of the ball and get everyone involved????  I am glad the kings won but people need to understand that Jimmer is not the only bad defender.  Kings should have kept Evans and used him as a pg and Jimmer as shooting guard...on offense.
Kyle Koliha::Side note, Rubio is a joke. His game is a joke, and we could've had Curry. Long story short, this team sucks and Kevin Love is leaving in a year and a half in which case we'll have nothing. The outlook for the Wolves is terrible.
Andrew Wolf::This makes Adelman look bad.  He couldn't find a place for Derrick Williams, then gets burned by him.  Rubio looks bad too.  That wasn't the Pistons' Isiah Thomas who outscored him by 21 tonight.
Tim J. Miller::I agree with This
Kevin Shaffer::I also like how Williams is playing more.....I like him coming off the bench too because you already have too many shooters in the Kings starting lineup.
