Josh::John Salmons does not belong on an NBA roster. Yet here are the Kings giving him 33 minutes tonight and 26 mpg overall.
Ben::The knock on Jimmer is he can't play defense.?  He is the only one that coaches and writers say can't play defense.  Is he still the problem with the defense? So who is the defensive star on this team?? Wait... it must be nobody since all the starters were benched!
donald::When Cousins goes up against somebody he's afraid of, he disappears.  Bogut intimidated him the other night, and the two Euros shushed him tonight.
poyman::Cyril, do yourself a favor and base your comments on more than 10 games... Mugsy has 2 years of history... How have the Kings done with him at the point the past 2 years??? How are they doing so far this year with him getting the lion's share of the minutes?  Come back and talk at the all star break and let's look at his numbers... Particularly 3PT Shooting and Assists... Oh, and let's also look at points scored by the opposing point guard and percentages related to their shooting... Guaranteed that they will mostly look like Conley's numbers tonight...   Sorry, but the truth is that the Kings cannot and will not win with Thomas at the point... Period.
Uan theTruth::Once again I see that the coaches have not looked at the stats.  I am an analyst and can see that minute per minute this year Jimmer has more stops and steals than any other guard on the team.
bluuzman::Conversely, memphis has all 5 starters in when they don't need to when the game has already been decided.
gdp::Whatever you do do don't play the token. After all you could end up losing the game.....oh wait you do lose anyway, but at least you racists can make sure there's no "diversity" going on
Cyril::Any time Thomas plays a bad game, the Jimmer trolls come out.  Don't try to tell them that Isaiah Thomas has one of the highest field-goal percentages of any point guard in the league and is in the top 10 in 3pt%!  They will simply claim he is a midget who can't ever shoot better than 30% from the field.    These guys throw reason and logic out of the equation and cry "racism, racism!"  Just wait for the personal insults to start flying.    I think Jimmer could be an okay spot-up shooter off the bench, but these guys think Jimmer should be starting.  One of them said he could average 20 points in 15 minutes if they would just play him!  I also want to see Jimmer traded, but only so that he can get playing time and show them exactly what he is - nothing more than a bench shooter.
Anton::Kings are just terrible in drafting and evaluating talent. Cousins is talented but a baby, Thompson is a big bum, Maclemore is a bust, lets not even talk about Jummer please. Isiaih is the only bright spot for them.
Rico M::Why isn't Mitch Richmond playing tonight?
