Logic::Interesting call by Jackson with 2.1 left to run a screen away from the rim since the Spurs had one foul to give. SA just had to foul as soon as someone caught the ball and that would take a sec off the clock, not leaving enough time for another inbounds, catch and shoot.  The only play available was to throw the ball at the rim and try and have someone dunk it or tip it behind a screen. SA did not foul but did not need to since the W's ran a play so far from the rim.  Jackson is not showing much lately. Bad loss again with TO's being the main culprit.
Logic::Dear Santa  For Christmas can you help the W's not turn the ball over 25 times a game? Also, could you tell Coach Jackson to tell his players to keep feeding the ball in the paint when the other team can not stop you? And lastly, can you get Bazemore sent down to the D League. Try try as he may, he just can't play.  The guy can not stay on the floor because he can not shoot, ball handle, and is a turnover machine. Enough is enough.
Seattle Blows!::horrible game... we played spurs bench and we still got whooped. Like what I said earlier, TO's won't go away, it's the nature of the beast of having clay/curry handling ball most of the time. Jackson needs to design plays to 'be ready' for double teams when ball handler comes off a screen. after the tie late in 4th we had an chance to go up 2 points on the 2 on 1 fast break but curry DID NOT pass to right wing(klay). on SA's last bucket Bogut DID NOT go up and grab board when he had perfect position and ended up falling back. sorry, but 24 TO's translate to 29-33 in post season vs. defensive minded teams. I don't understand why Iggy wasn't involved on offense. This year has been a disappointment so far. Mark, can we go back to fundamentals just to see how things go? luckily it's still early in season. come on dubs!!!
David::Bazemore just traveled again. He does that more often than he should. One thing that contributes to this is his bad habit of hip-hopping into a drive. He should practice taking no more steps than he absolutely has to. Almost any good to great athlete can tell you that you try to eliminate unnecessary actions. Bazemore's hip-hop start to a drive or move is definitely unnecessary. If anything it is bad. It tends to telegraph Bazemore's intentions before he has really made his move. Pro athletes never want to do this.
Joel::The sky is falling!  We are over .500 and getting healthy again.  To even think about trading anyone...especially Klay is absurd.  He would became  an All STAR IN A FEW YEARS IF THAT HAPPENS.  It's just one game and you all have to learn patience.  Everyone will get over this little loss and I am sure we will be 10+ games over .500 in a couple months.   A top 3 or 4 seed is probably not realistic but a 5 to 7 seed seems like it is within research no worries.
Logic::Interesting call by Mark Jackson to sit Lee with 24 sec left, considering he is their best rebounder. The shot was missed and the rebound lost and then Splitter tapped the ball in. Replays showed the ball was in the cylinder when Tiago tapped it, so it should not have counted anyway.  Still the W's were crushing the Spurs in the paint all night long. All they needed to do was not turn the ball over and would have won by a long shot. Bellinelli kept them in it with a career night.
David::I've been watching the Warriors tonight. They need to be more alert in their TEAM offense. First a player is too often getting himself into a corner. Second when San Antonio double teams to pressure the ball handler, the Warriors have to be alert enough to immediately respond with some help from someone nearby (so they can beat the double team easily). Also they shouldn't all be on the other side of the court. A final point is that too often no one is moving on the far side to get "far open" in order to allow a longer pass.
mitch::I know Klay Thompson is considered a great shooter, but he has absolutely too many off-nights (6 of 18 from the floor; 5 turnovers), especially in standout games. This being a game to be remembered only because GS could not beat SA even at home, without any of the Spur's top 3 players! Therefore I'll no longer view the Warriors as a potential contenders, until they get a clutch shooting guard.
clint::Thompson has had only two good shooting games this year, you can't have two in the game at the same that are shooting at will and not making anything, looks like bad coaching to me. anybody on the bench could shoot 6-18, if it's broken, try something to fix it?
Austin::I love my Spurs and the effort they gave tonight, and I'm really happy they won, but the Warriors gave an early Christmas present to the Spurs. The Warriors missed so many open looks and turned it over so often. The Spurs deserved this victory because they played better overall, but the Warriors really underwhelmed in this one.
