BBFocus::Someday this season or next one, I expected Lin would get his first triple double (10+ in points, 10+ in rebounds, and 10+ in assists, and 5 blocks and 5 steals) somewhere...
p0lski::Damn does this D-Nice kid do anything but lurk on ESPN convos? LMAO my index finger is swollen from scrolling down and seeing this nerd burst his bubble on everyone's comments. How's that monitor tan?
rhowe982::Now that is the statline i expect from Lin as a point guard. Steve Nash numbers baby. Koe did you see that??? 13 assist and only 6 shots and the team wins
tbest23::The Fatman Cousins is just waiting to go off the deep end. The Jimmy is destined for Europe in a few short years...
Rockchalk.15::Lin is playing good because of the teams he's been playing... he's gone up against cardboard cut outs, can't wait till he gets matched up on Rose and Chalmers... that will be the deciding factor of this 'insert pun here'.
ajgodoy::Lin spent too much time feasting on weak point guards like D Will and John Wall.
mj4lifer::lin is good, not great. funny read on the subject: http://chasing23.com/is-jeremy-lin-the-real-deal/
mdkaton::ya cuz kobe sucks
YourAirballnessYawnMean::after magic johnson and michael jordan, nobody has ever been great, period
trophyvyrus::The knicks need to learn how to play MELOdy with the vioLIN
ChrisBC07::I mean, its not funny. But I get it.
dontbesuchababy::i'm afraid you're the only one who will like this lame metaphor
trophyvyrus::dont be such a baby
LuminaryLeoso::You buy Lin ipad cover for 3 dollar or 2 for 5 dollar and I give you coupon for buy Lin jersey from me for 15 dollar, genuine Lin jersey.
LuminaryLeoso::I also sell you new Lin nike shoes, for 40 dollar or 2 for 75 dollar. Genuine Lin shoe made in Lin family home town. You like, you buy more.
YourAirballnessYawnMean::you think a .348 knicks team defeated 7 teams with an average .384 so easy?
LuminaryLeoso::I sell you 2 for 30 dollar Lin Jersey.  You buy 3 I give you free faygo pop with purchase, better than American favorite retailer Walmart. You buy, you like.
YourAirballnessYawnMean::after knicks beat mavs, you will see...
jrosborough08::Lin is just starting out. His "record setting"  is ok for selling papers, and media buzz, but come on, for real!!!   His stats will settle as the season goes.
badinVA::I'd hate to burst your bubble NY, but you do know that the teams you have played in this 7 game win streak have a combined record of 78-125 right?
YourAirballnessYawnMean::do your math, 78/203 = .384. 7 games ago, knicks was 8-15, that is 8/23= .348  Knicks was even much worse than those teams on average! lol
YourAirballnessYawnMean::bet Knicks will extend the winning streak t o 12
YourAirballnessYawnMean::Melo is gonna take all the shots...
YourAirballnessYawnMean::Melo: lin, i yield my kings-size waterbed to you. sleep tight... feed me the ball 20 times next game...
YourAirballnessYawnMean::Top Performers  Sacramento: T. Evans 19 Pts, 4 Reb, 5 Ast, 2 Stl  New York: L. Fields 15 Pts, 10 Reb, 5 Ast  Fields: Thanks to my dear sofa...
YourAirballnessYawnMean::Cuz lin slept on Fields's sofa, he made the latter double double last night.
YourAirballnessYawnMean::Melo is gonna take all balls away from lin
jerrymmm::Does he have more than two?
YourAirballnessYawnMean::lol. man, good one!
NYRangersFan112::Lin, not melo, not amare, not Ewing, not king will carry the Knicks to a championship
D-Nice 3.0::pray tell why... vague statements w/o proper backup are too commonplace here...
D-Nice 3.0::does he also have Saturday's powerball numbers? i'd like to scratch my a** and make idiotic statements like you do...
NYRangersFan112::God told me
Lancercats::New York doesn't deserve this
jerrymmm::C'mon man. NY hasn't had an NBA team in three decades. Give them something.
D-Nice 3.0::@Tom....  and The Rangers &amp; Knicks...
D-Nice 3.0::were you in hibernation in the 90's? cuz i could've sworn we had 2 EC CHampions, one with a legit shot at a title...
Tomcoughlinhaswoodteeth::they have the Yankees and Giants
NYRangersFan112::Muhahahaha
Tomcoughlinhaswoodteeth::isn't that the truth
DaPhillies::if the knicks still had gallinari, felton and mozgov, with lin...they'd be really good
D-Nice 3.0::why would you have Felton with Lin? that's just dumb...
milkdragon::and on the seventh win he rested
D-Nice 3.0::didn't know God played in the NBA... hmm... i guess if LBJ is God, God does lose sometimes...
D-Nice 3.0::Nestle has a $100M endorsement offer for LBJ but rescinded it... know why?
milkdragon::i hate lebron but your jokes are lame dude
milkdragon::you're too stupid to know how stupid you really are
D-Nice 3.0::you're paying attention to them, so obviously there's some interest...
D-Nice 3.0::Can't handle CRUNCH-time...
D-Nice 3.0::you know why you can't ask LBJ for change for a Dollar?
milkdragon::old
D-Nice 3.0::and still works... so LMAO @ you!
ThanksForTheRide::cause you only get 3 quarters back.
D-Nice 3.0::he can only come up w/ 3 quarters...
stnew200::LeBron James asked the league office if he could buy a ring that says, "LeBron James Star of NBA", the league refused his demand.
ChrisBC07::So did he ask or demand? Which one is it?
stnew200::"I'm sick and tired of people hating on Jeremy Lin, he is a winner and a great person, don't make me bring God into this."  _Tim Tebow
D-Nice 3.0::thebattousai99  "I root for the Miami Heat... THE best team in the NBA right now. " ====================================================  I'm sorry, i had to laugh @ you again... you were mocking me because my knicks made it to the Finals in '99 and didn't win...  as far as i know, Lebron James has as many rings as Patrick Ewing... Big Donut hole in that department...
CLASSicist80::I'm tired of LIN! Tony Parker had 34 pts and 14 ast and is riding a 9 game winning streak.  Lin was sleeping on someone couch before all this.  SO WHAT!  Tony Parker has 6 couches in his house and probably slept on them all.  I can't wait until the Knickerbockers play someone decent.  I wanna see what this kid does against some competition.
CLASSicist80::Knicks w/o Amare and Melo didn't have a scoring option.  Chandler? I've never seen him shot a jumper.  Lin is good but can coach spread the wealth amongst the egos and keep Lin looking magical?
CLASSicist80::I'm glad he's doing good.  But how good is he?
Lancercats::sounds like you want to see this kid fail once he plays against some competition
Lancercats::if you can't look at Jeremy Lin and see why America is the greatest country in the world, well, then you don't understand America.
D-Nice 3.0::n if you don't understand Amurrica, you can git out...
D-Nice 3.0::thebattousai99, what team are you a fan of?
thebattousai99::look at my profile.. its clearly on there.. and I root for the Miami Heat... THE best team in the NBA right now.
D-Nice 3.0::LMAO.... right now isn't when it counts... ask your boy LBJ about that...
D-Nice 3.0::lemme get this str8:  so if an 8 seed w/ a losing record makes the playoffs, tears through to the Finals, and WINS.... they're still mediocre???  you make absolutely no sense...
thebattousai99::YES.. last years grizzlies where and are mediocre.. middle of the road team.. not a top team in the west.. Same as the knicks.. NOT a top team in the east.. mediocre.. middle of the pack.. at best the 4th seed this year.  AT BEST.
thebattousai99::hate? HATE?! please.. realism is not hate.. blowing up the knicks and proclaiming them 'good' is a little premature.. they were just about to fire their coach and cut lin..... knicks werent even in the playoff hunt until this 7 game streak which is a little misleading as they have beat weak teams.. and barely at that.
D-Nice 3.0::LMAO the hate is lovely... what team are you a fan of, if i may ask?
thebattousai99::ROFLMA.. so, the grizz where powerhouses with that 8th seed?  please.. they caught on fire.. like the knicks did in 99 and like golden state did in 07 when they knocked out the #1 seed mavs.. anybody can win at any time.. but because david beats goliath doesnt make david a powerhouse.
thebattousai99::which is mediocre.. middle of the pack..
D-Nice 3.0::did i say they were a power house? why are you putting words in my mouth? they were a forced to be reckoned with, not as good as Dallas &amp; OKC, obviously, but good enough to be one of the top 5 teams in the West...
D-Nice 3.0::"but a mediocre team can get hot and play good basketball and win in the playoffs just like the grizzlies." ========================================  Really??? The Grizzlies were mediocre last year? you must've been watching a different league...  dudes in the WC were fearing Marc Gasol and Z-Bo....  if Rudy Gay would've been healthy, you'd be thinking differently...
thebattousai99::name the last 8 seed to win a finals?  There is a reason why NO 8 seed has ever won an NBA finals.. YOU madam.. make no sense.. WOW.  You must be a knick fan and you must think they are actually good now LOL  the hilarity is non stop on this board.
thebattousai99::ok.. knicks made the finals.. but DID not win.. not food for thought needed...   And yes, we wont know how good the knicks really are until they face good team... but now, aside from the average lakers, they have been playing chumps..and a 7 game streak isnt too difficult when you play sorry team after sorry team like sacramento and toronto.
D-Nice 3.0::i'm not saying they're the best team in the east... but to go 7-0 in the NBA with the condensed schedule they have is difficult for any team...  btw, the last 8 seed to make it to the Finals were the Knicks, in 1999... some food for thought...  their litmus test will be vs. Dallas, Chicago, and then Miami... if they can go 2-1 there... they belong in the discussion as a top team in the conference...
D-Nice 3.0::thebattousai99 Could care less about the rockets, nets, and bobcats.. Those team will miss the playoffs because they are that bad.. a mediocre team can make the playoffs in this league.    ================================   Knicks in '99 got in as the 8 seed, and made it all the way to the Finals... ALL THE WAY...  Giants this year played a play-in game to make it in, and they won the SB,  5 of the past 9 WS Champions have been Wild-Cards, including the St. Louis Cardinals...  what was that about making the playoffs again?
Lancercats::first of all, only 8 teams out of 30 make the MLB playoffs so all of the teams are very good, the NFL only 12 out of 32 make it making them for the most part, very good. In the NBA 16 of 30 make the playoffs, you have teams in the bottom half of the league in the playoffs. that is the difference
thebattousai99::"what was that about making the playoffs again?"  again.. that just because your team makes the NBA playoffs, does NOT mean they will be good.  Just ask the knicks who got swept out by boston last year.
thebattousai99::now.. lets get this straight.. I never said the team cannot become hot and be successful in the playoffs in any league.. I am just point out that making the playoffs in the nba does not make you a good team, but gives you an opportunity to continue the season..and once in the playoffs, anything can happen.  Just ask the spurs who were bounced by memphis last year as the 8th seed.
thebattousai99::yup.. a mediocre team.. just like last years knicks.. and last years grizzlies can make the playoffs.. but a mediocre team can get hot and play good basketball and win in the playoffs just like the grizzlies.
thebattousai99::yes.. if you make it in with a losing record and a 6, 7, or 8 team.. those arent exactly elite teams.. SMH back at you a second time.
D-Nice 3.0::according to you, "a mediocre team can make the playoffs in this league."
D-Nice 3.0::but making the playoffs makes them mediocre? because that was your assessment...
D-Nice 3.0::anyone notice that they booed Isaiah Thomas of the Kings (not related to former coach/President with the same name) last night? Take note James Dolan:    Out with the old, LIN with the new...
Lemoney_3::now all you knick clowns want d'antoni to stay. you guys are so fair-weathered and dumb
D-Nice 3.0::i wanted him gone, I'll admit that... the reason of it was that they had no continuity with the system they ran because they had no good PG... so since NO ONE knew Lin was this good, I (as well as many Knicks fans) wanted a new system where the current players they had could flourish... it's a breath of fresh air to see that his system is actually working, and they're winning with DEFENSE and ball movement, not just scoring...
thebattousai99::at least you are sensible to admit it.. most people are hypocrites.. and this board is the proof.  D'antoni was only ever good in phoenix because of nash and everyone knew his system is based on a true pointguard who can distribute and create ball movement. Lin is their guy.  But without a PG, the offense is horrid.  Im just saying.. look how quick a guy can go from fired to tenured... 1 week.. that is all.
elibeme::it was a good comment... but really? Dont ever say each and every one it makes u look dumb...
thebattousai99::each and every one.. including you!  Every knicks fan ive ever talk to this year.. and there are plenty of them here in Miami.. all hated D'antoni and wanted him OUT.. just like Isiah before him.  How quick the tables turn when a team begins to win.   Just ask the NY Giants and their coach who was about fired after 7-7 but now all of new york thinks he is the best coach in the league... NY is a front running state and fan base.  Its about winning and winning alone... simple as that.
thebattousai99::yupppppppp.... hypocrites.  Each and every single one of them.
thebattousai99::and what happened to "wait till Baron Davis gets back".. he went form possible savior to who knows what now that Lin has shined the way he has.
D-Nice 3.0::thebattousai99 making the playoffs does not make you a good team.. Half the teams in each side, east and west make the playoffs.. it is harder to miss the playoffs than make it in the nba.  ==========================================  i didn't know that... sh*t, tell the Clippers, Rockets, Nets, and Bobcats to stop sucking so much....  smh @ you, son...
thebattousai99::ummm.. when teams with losing records are making the playoffs, that just shows that you do not have to be 'good' to get into the round of 8.    WTF are you even talking about? The clippers will easily be in the playoffs this year...    Could care less about the rockets, nets, and bobcats.. Those team will miss the playoffs because they are that bad.. a mediocre team can make the playoffs in this league.  SMH @ you, daughter...
Zeeklite::Tomorrow... the streak ends.  The Mavs are gonna tap that booty.
koolaid408::@zeeklite They are playing the hornets tomorrow hater haha wannabe basketball fan they play the Mavs sunday
LuminaryLeoso::you buy Lin Jersey for 15 dollar, or Lin and Dirk jersey 2 for 30 dollar, I give you free american Faygo soda drink for free from americas favorite store, Walmart. You like you buy more.
RacistRandy::just had my lunch of veal,fried potaters, and budweiser and now im back!
LuminaryLeoso::I no sell Coke, only Faygo, free faygo with every 2 LIn Jersey 2 for 30 dollar. You like, you buy more.
markpringle2003::Can you get a Coke for me from the Coke machine on your porch Randy?
LuminaryLeoso::You like, you buy more.
LuminaryLeoso::I sell Nascar apparel, I sell you ricky bobby and Dale Jarret Jersey, 2 for 30 dollar. Better quality then Walmart, American favorite store.
LuminaryLeoso::I sell you Lin jersey for 15 dollar and chicken on a stick for free?
RacistRandy::woo luminary is back! you still got them NASCAR apparel?
The Amazing Chef returns::ahooooooo
The Amazing Chef returns::AHOOO!!!!!!!!!
The Amazing Chef returns::GUESS WHOS BACK BABY!!!! go wolves go!!!!!!!! I CAN TELL WOLVES NATION IS FRUSTRATING YOU ALL!!!!!!!!! AHOOO!!!!!!!!!! HAHAHAHA JOIN THE WOLVES NATION BEFORE ITS TO LATE!!!!!!!!    The Timberwolves debuted on November 3, 1989, losing to the Seattle SuperSonics on the road 106–94. Five days later, they would make their home debut at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome losing to the Chicago Bulls 96–84. Just two nights later the Wolves would get their first win, beating the Philadelphia 76ers at home 125–118 on November 10. The Timberwolves, led by Tony Campbell with 23.2 ppg, went on to a 22–60 record, finishing in 6th place in the Midwest Division. Playing in the cavernous Metrodome, the expansion Timberwolves drew over 1 million fans[3] (an NBA record for attendance) including the third-largest crowd in NBA history at 49,551 on April 17, 1990, which saw the Timberwolves lose to the Denver Nuggets 99–88 in the final home game of the season.  The next season the team moved into their permanent home, the Target Center, and improved somewhat, finishing 29–53. However, they fired their head coach Bill Musselman. They fared far worse in the 1991–92 NBA season under Musselman's successor, ex-Celtics coach Jimmy Rodgers, finishing with an NBA-worst 15–67 record. Looking to turn the corner, the Wolves hired former Detroit Pistons general manager Jack McCloskey to the same position, but even with notable first-round selections such as Christian Laettner and Isaiah Rider, the Timberwolves were unable to duplicate McCloskey's "Detroit Bad Boys" success in the Twin Cities, finishing 19–63 and 20–62 the next two seasons. One of the few highlights from this era was when the Target Center served as host of the 1994 All-Star Game where Rider won the Slam Dunk Contest with his between-the-leg "East Bay Funk Dunk".  As winning basketball continued to elude the Wolves, Ratner and Wolfenson nearly sold the team to New Orleans interests in 1994 before NBA owners rejected the proposed move. Eventually, Glen Taylor bought the team and named Kevin McHale general manager. The Wolves finished 21–61 in 1994–95, and the future looked bleak. However, a change was on the horizon./////./.
lopezrome1982::Lin is the best thing that couldve happen to the NBA it made it relevant once again the world is tunning in to watch ,this has not happen since MJ left the league the 2nd time
MochaFlux::BRB, making a profile with a picture of a hot chick.
mikeschuele::The LiNBA, it's Fannnnnnnnntastic!
monkeysars4u::NEW YORK KNICK FANS  OH, WE HAVE AMARE WE ARE GOING TO BE GOOD, NOPE OH, WE HAVE MELO WE ARE GOING TO BE GOOD, NOPE OH, WE HAVE CHANDLER WE ARE GOING TO BE GOOD, NOPE OH, WE HAVE LIN WE ARE GOING TO BE GOOD, NOT GONNA HAPPEN  LETS GET A GRIP KNICK FANS!!!!
thebattousai99::Lets not forget the prior savior.. Baron Davis.. But now.. the savior is Lin.
2. HOFer::we have Amare we are going to be good-YEP WE WERe  we have Melo we are going to be good-WE MADE THE PLAYOFFS  we have chandler we are going to be good-WE IMPROVED DEFENSIVELY  we have lin we are going to be good- 7-0 WITH LIN
thebattousai99::making the playoffs does not make you a good team.. Half the teams in each side, east and west make the playoffs.. it is harder to miss the playoffs than make it in the nba.
imaracistredneck::im not a fan of asians
LinTroll101RoseDirkDukeSucks::im a fan of Miami asians.....they are HOT
imaracistredneck::im still not a fan
_i_am_a_Dog_::.   &lt;------  ???
LinTroll101RoseDirkDukeSucks::.
monkeysars4u::HEY EVERYONE!!! GO FUC.K URSLEVES!!! THE KNICKS ARE GOING NO WHERE AS A FRANCHISE AND ONCE LIN PLAYS AN ACTUAL DEFENSE HE GOING TO FOLD MORE THAN THE BUFFALO BILLS IN THE SUPERBOWL. FU.CK LIN!!!! :)
kainoa156::Do yourself and everyone else a favor go to the brooklyn bridge and jump ! That will solve your misery and heart ache...
monkeysars4u::YAY!!! BOATS AND HO.ES!!!!
monkeysars4u::FIGURATIVELY!!!! I NEED A NEW JOB!
imaracistredneck::na, you can just get on welfare and never work like 75% of our african american community
kimb2fine317::lakers? 38 points. hate much?
monkeysars4u::NO I JUST LIKE SCREAMING ON THE INTERNET
kimb2fine317::i dont hear nothing
NELOZA::I noticed that you seem a little upset.. is it because your team is irrelevant??
raven.5200::Whats a Shumpert?
adonis dna1979::The newest flavor of italian ice....yummy!
kimb2fine317::its a last name
sirmacalot2::Why is Shumpert in the dunk contest? I haven't seen him do anything that warrants that.
_i_am_a_Dog_::He stole the ball and dunked against toronto, isn't that enough?
2. HOFer::he has not come across as a flashy dunker but the kid is athletically gifted
RacistRandy::an excuse to get Lin involved in all star weekend
RacistRandy::actually not yet
kimb2fine317::Lin is in the rising stars challenge
kimb2fine317::youtube him
markpringle2003::I'm Black! Not African-American. I've never been to Africa - I'd like to visit though. But just not where there are lions. Those things scare the mess out of me....hyenas too.
theflyeststar::good for you kid
theflyeststar::by the way Africa is nothing to be ashamed of, find your self
markpringle2003::Didn't you READ my post. i said "I'd like to visit"
MochaFlux::Yea, never understood that terminology to be honest. Unless you were born in Africa or lived in Africa it doesn't make much sense to call you African-American.
theflyeststar::so since al pacino and robert deniro were born in the usa they aren't italian? funny how ive never heard italians say things like that, hmm, i wonder why
MochaFlux::That's a choice for each individual to make. Some people feel more connected to their ancestry than others. I'm not saying there's anything wrong with taking pride in your ancestry (in fact if you do, more power to you), but if you were born in America then you aren't from Africa.
markpringle2003::Have you visited Africa? Try visiting morocco and see what they think of you if you are "African-American".
theflyeststar::bullsht, africa is born in you, you don't have to live there and you don't have to betray your identity or ancestors like a gutless coward
adonis dna1979::All of us came from somewhere else so we should all be called ______ Americans.
theflyeststar::your brown not black, find your self
theflyeststar::your not serious, good talking to you son, peace
markpringle2003::What color is Louis Farrakhan?
theflyeststar::nitpick? no its called sense, look at yourself, you are brown, someone lied to you, think about that
markpringle2003::If you want to nitpick
RacistRandy::and swimming pools
markpringle2003::No, that's RacistRandy!
sirmacalot2::That's racist Randy.
markpringle2003::No, just the water.
