PhiBuffa::For us Nugget fans, we can only hope Karl has some evil genius plan to rest his bigs until the playoffs and barely squeak in playing small ball.  Once the playoffs start, he is going to unveil a monster half court game and play his 7 footers for meaningful minutes!  Yeah, right.  Sadly, this team is going nowhere.
segunm2::i hate it when other fan bases try to tell us karl is a good coach, yea he was a great coach now he has just lost his mind,  I mean i watch every nuggets game and i just want that man to put a sensible lineup out there
segunm2::good job denver! playing down to competition, our inconsistency is pathetic
smartlikefredo::Ty Lawson is The Truth. Can't stop that Carolina train
diehardnr1::Nice that DEN has such a "deep" team....on paper (i.e. Injury Report). Easily 10-12 deep starter quality... An advantage that DEN has not enjoyed since the first month of this "season" due to a myriad of thumb, groin, ankle, and (in Mozy and Birdmans case) disappearitus.  (And in McGee, Brewer, and tired AlH a severe case of knuckleheadedness at key times)  The 4 "foreigners" (Gallo, Rudy, Mozy, China Wilson) are a huge chunk of that depth. I am beginning to think that Wilson may be more seriously injured than DEN has let on.  Not sure of Rudy timetable but Nuggz really need to have his energy on D and passing on O. Is Mozy hurt or are they growing him some hands in the lab?  The biggest problem seems to be apathy when leading and NO PATIENCE  (something I am in short supply of as well) in key game situations. It just seems like EVERY time DEN is making a push and just need a bucket or a stop,,,they get a golden opportunity and then somehow always make the most boneheaded play available ....which invariably turns into a 3 pt play for the opponent!   Frustrating to say the least.  Not sure if it is coach or lack of cohesiveness due to injuries and personnel moves....or just plain exhaustion.  Whatever it is they need to figure it out NOW.  GO NUGGETS!!!
bird gang ceo::trashy fans trashy team = denver
HateBrass::I have been asking for years how George Karl has been allowed to keep his job despite losing in the playoffs annually with some really talented teams?  This guy is one overrated coach.
Antsea91::NEWS FLASH: 15 of the 16 playoff teams lose annually.
diehardnr1::but how many go one and done as often as GK?  Think he made a valid point,,,,
yeahgodisgood::I found a betting system recently called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it.Thought I would post this for anyone that is looking for a betting system that actually works
5TexasFight J.R.10::denver man too inconsistent this year its unreal. beat a playoff contending team then come around the next day and lose to a lottery pick type team it just makes me really mad
EpicPicks::hmm, sounds like the Knicks...
G_Dubble::Don't the Warriors know they need to tank to keep that first round pick?
Zippppppp::They played their bench for most of the game. It's not their fault Denver couldn't beat their 2nd stringers
Chuloflow::LMAOOO the manimal only had 1pt
Mileh303::McGee &lt; NENE
Chuloflow::=)
soloartist11::You might be the biggest f.ucking d bag on planet earth. The Knicks suck b.itch.
TY LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::Javale only got 23 minutes, there is your problem
heatcardinalsgiantsbruinsgalaxy::DONT THE WARRIORS UNDERSTAND THAT THEY MUST TANK?!
Zippppppp::Heck they played their bench for most of the game what more can they do?
WarriorsGO::Don't u understand they are not tanking?
gary wheatley::im outta here also slurm   hope its happier Monday nite  have a good easter
gary wheatley::I hope youre talking about the 2007 guy 7B cause thats who I was talking about
Slurm Soda::bye guys
7BAUGHLLIN7::go away...
gary wheatley::just proves Slurm that some people NEVER grow up
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER
5TexasFight J.R.10::its only because the best two players were out for a lot of the season. Im not a heat fan at all but you cant really say that
Antsea91::Why can't he say that? 15-67 record does put them as the worst defending champs* ever...
MileHighFan9::Keep it up just spam this board to hell
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::Can't wait to make fun of heat fans when they play
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER
gary wheatley::although Slurm, I have to admit, tomorrow is Easter, so I guess the timing is appropiate lol
Slurm Soda::pun
gary wheatley::I dont care if its at home or on the road.  there is no excuse for playing hard and aggressive one night ( last night ) and then LAY AN EGG the next night.  specially this time of year
gary wheatley::they have made the playoffs 8 yrs in a row.  there is a very good chance its gonna end in about 10 game if not before
7BAUGHLLIN7::George karl is one of the best coaches in the nba.... The players on his team would tell you the same thing... Theres no way they ahould be as good as they are..
Slurm Soda::No he's not dude, he might HAVE been good. But he is just crazy now. What is the logic of putting a 6'7 guy at Center when you're being out rebounded?
MileHighFan9::Theres no excuse to not even be competitive in games
Antsea91::I'm surprised there are any warriors fans left after reading that simmons article about their history.
TheExile155::Trust me... you dont
MileHighFan9::I wish i was a Warriors fan ..
7BAUGHLLIN7::Its the nba.. It happens
gary wheatley::Slurm, the reason for it is called GEORGE KARL.  he is not teaching them anything cause he dont know what the hell to do himself
Slurm Soda::The saddest thing is he probably thinks he knows what he's doing.
gary wheatley::just like last nights game against the Suns. they had 5 turnovers, JUST 5 the whole nite.  the announcers said it was a franchise low.  then what happens tonight, they had like 17.   to me that is very poor coaching
gary wheatley::its just that this team is Jeckel and Hide.  they can play flawless basketball one night and then really stink up the joint the very next night
MileHighFan9::Seems like patriots fans always have a lashing hate toward Colorado teams...i'll never know why.
patsfan3093403::there is a solution  - shut them down. too many years of indiscipline. problem is more deep rooted than uthink
patsfan3093403::owner, management, policies like any bad run company. let it go bankrupt its a business after all not a charity
MileHighFan9::then what is the problem patsfan? hmm?
Slurm Soda::And there has to be a reason for that
gary wheatley::i dont think there is hate anywhere 7B,  its just flustration
Trapped in Golden State::Im out too, one last shout out to Warrior fans who've read the Joe Lacob open letter at trappedingoldenstate.blogspot.com
Trapped in Golden State::give it a look WarriorsWarrior...rip it to shreds if you disagree, just want opinions from true Dub fans...
WarriorsWarrior::Will do!
gary wheatley::this is a young talented team with potential that is just playing with their heads up their you know where and its the coachs fault cause he is suppose to be teaching them.  I truely thing they have tuned him out
7BAUGHLLIN7::slurm I dont hate denver fans... You guys hate us?!
7BAUGHLLIN7::nag it'd have to be a rivalry for me to hate you guys
WarriorsWarrior::Love fest!
MileHighFan9::You hate me too and you hate Denver :(
Slurm Soda::I thought you hated me :(
Slurm Soda::The Nuggets couldn't win on the 2 week anniversary  of Denverdiehard's death. smh...
MileHighFan9::and hes still dead :(
jzalvarado::Trapped in Golden State, WarriorsWarrior.. see u guys later.  Back to doing homework :(
Trapped in Golden State::Hey thanks again man! Have a good night, Go Dubs!
WarriorsWarrior::Good night dudes!
patsfan3093403::nuggets are a hallmark of indiscipline, mismanagement, and disgrace.
gary wheatley::we are not disagreeing with you jz   its just these Nuggets should be playing better specially since they are right in the middle of the playoff hunt.  some of Karls coaching philosophy just totally sucks
patsfan3093403::nuggets are a nice case study on how you can never succeed in pro sports if you are not disciplined.
MileHighFan9::They dont have the talent either
gary wheatley::den   He will still be here.  dont know what its gonna take for the brass to open their eyes
jzalvarado::All im saying for you Denver Fans is that yeah you know your own team's issues better than we do.  BUT the Warriors are playing their best basketball of the season, KINDA like the Jeremy Lin led Knicks when all their 'superstars' were out.  These Warriors have a good mix of rookie energy infusion (3 rookies starting/playing significant minutes) and veteran leadership (Jefferson/Robinson) steering them right now.  About the only one that looks disconnected is Dorell Wright and he's not playing much.  HECK even Biedrins has a bit of a bounce in his step
denuggetz3::Talk to you guys Monday hopefully Karl is gone and we can move on from the mediocrity
WarriorsWarrior::Good game good Denver fans!
Trapped in Golden State::have you given my columns a look yet WarriorsWarrior?
7BAUGHLLIN7::WarriorsWarrior - Good game good Denver fans!  Goood denver fans? We never get good denver fans...
Slurm Soda::It's because Nugget and Jazz fans hate each other, it's a tradition.
Slurm Soda::You don't have to lie, it really wasn't a good game lol
WarriorsWarrior::It's a good game wen we win!
MileHighFan9::that was a rout one of the most embarrassing  games by the Nuggets yet
gary wheatley::is that you guessing MileHigh about being out for the year or did you hear it somewhere
MileHighFan9::I have no doubt in my mind
TY LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::I want Stan van
