CornhuskerKid02::Look Love is under rated, but I still the LA is even more underrated. LA&gt;KL&gt;BG
fmunozcuevas::Honestly, I think that consider Ricky for the ROY is a little perversion of the award. The dude has been playing 7 years professionally already. There is no way you are comparing apples to apples with people coming out from college. Even if they are equally or more talented than he is, they are not going to have the same know-how than someone who has been playing for all type of championships.
fmunozcuevas::Griffin didnt play professionally. But dont get me wrong I am OK one way or the other.
MNVIKINGS2578::so then you would agree that blake griffen didnt deserve to win the  ROY last year because he had an extra year to prepare.
shelesh_kim::so it's going to come down to 3 candidates for ROY  kyrie irving (who's currently the favorite) ricky rubio (has his own unique style at the pg position) marshon brooks (this guy is playing with a murderous intent right now. he's already telling deron williams what to do rofl)
adamsbrian88::One "quality" win and Wolves fans are trolling every board west of the great lakes
mikegovikes::mavs and spurs aren't quality wins?
awbrandt34::played with Heat Thunder as well. wolves are good. fans are taking advantage of them finally recieving some credit.
NorthNorth10100::can't wait for the wolves to get Beasley back. I know like ridnour is a vet and can hit OPEN 3's, but Wayne Ellington is a true NBA 2 guard and provides more athleticism when a play breaks down. Wayne and Ricky also play well together....  why didn't Anthony Randolph get any PT??? I know him and adleman have always had a weird relationship but the dude is a 6'11 freak athlete
TubbyTime334::Cause Darko was having the Game of his Life.
lob_angeles::Think about it.  This win is good for the Clippers.  We want the TWolves to do well this season.  THEY HAVE OUR FIRST ROUND DRAFT PICK.  I don't want to see them in the lottery.  Two years in a row giving up the number one draft pick would be brutal.
cwoodward802::The T'Wolves are a fun team to watch. Their potential future starting lineup can be really good:  PG- Rubio SG- Ellington SF- Beasley PF- Williams C- Love
Qster15::Clips lost last night because a little bit.ch name Mo Williams can't keep his ghe.tto face and mouth shut. A foul gets called on you.. move on. Crying about it like a little girl is not going to make the refs reverse the call.. grow up. Clips GM is an idiot for getting 3 PG. 1 is a cry baby, the other is old and the last is on his way out after this season.
Qster15::He has better options then LA. Players can say one thing and do the total opposite when it comes to FA.  They get a choice as to where they want to go.
I Make a Developing Fetus Look Attractive::what makes you think CP3 is on his way out after the season?
lob_angeles::I think the 3 PG thing works.  Billups, Mo, and Paul are pretty beastly together.  Mo Williams was an idiot for getting booted last night though.
ACLakers24::LOVE AND RUBIO are gona be a powerful combination for years to come. rubio has an icredible vision on the court and love is a machine!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Plargo::Rubio haters are hating having to hate him with their baseless hate.
I Make a Developing Fetus Look Attractive::well they've got a couple guys in beasley in johnson who have potential... they just need to live up to it.
Qster15::Now all the Wolves need is an above average SG or SF that can shoot or drive to the lane and they are set for awhile.
kelmatthew::gotta love Adeleman's play call on the in-bounds play.
lob_angeles::Blake Griffin can wow the crowd all he want with his dunks but he has some flaws in his game right now.  Dude has got to start hitting his FT's.  If he had made those two, the Clippers in all likelihood win the game.  Also he really hasn't been clutch in the 4th.  His stats have been good but he needs to contribute  a bit more.  Right now I would say that.....   Kevin Love &gt; Blake Griffin.
awbrandt34::thats what ive been saying all week.
ebase131::I mean, I understand he made the game winner, but Kevin Love was 5 for 16 lol.  Why is everyone on his nuts again?
awbrandt34::i think the Love vs Aldridge debate is way better than putting griffin up with them. i think LA vs Love is a push.
JMoney1921::I won't argue whether Kevin Love is the best or not, but I am interested in who you think is the best.  I'm not being sarcastic, I would just like to know your opinion.
shelesh_kim::definitely lamarcus aldridge.
ebase131::I'd have to say LaMarcus Aldridge right now, no?
I Make a Developing Fetus Look Attractive::Dude, he's not always going to make his shots.  Every superstar will have games when they're not at their best.  Keep in mind, despite his 5 for 16 performance, he still managed 17 points and 14 rebounds.  For an off game, that's pretty damn good.
houstontexans56::Watching the game last night it was the fisrt time i had watched minn since garnett! rubio!! hes gonnna be baller in the nba he struglled all night and nailed that three hes awesome so is love
harrtres11::DARKO WTF!!!! :D
NorthNorth10100::Once the wolves get mike Beasley and martell Webster back their offense should look smoother....until d-will came in the wolves looked a bit timid on O.   this win is no surprise for wolves fans, we have lost to the heat and thunder on final possessions already this year
ibnfrey::Go Wolves! :)  WTG Darko :)
djarodyankees2004::The Northwest Division is looking real good...
MNsportswopwopwah::Ricky Rubio &gt; the 4th quarter
MNsportswopwopwah::Darko I will only begin to like you if you consistently play like that
DRC1981::Ho hum, yet another dead on prediction from myself;  Darko with a monster game against an overrated JOrdan on the Clippers, and K-Love does his usual thing;  result:  T'Wolves win.   Clippers are this year's Chicago Bulls: way overrated and will lose quickly in the playoffs.
Rody8946::Mr big flop thought he had an easy layup on rubio.
Dark Darwin::Monster game. I like this next generation of NBA players, e.g., Rubio, Love, Griffin, etc.
R Bond::Clippers got outplayed at the Center &amp; PF positions.  Clippers guards outscored the Wolves guards, but in the assist department, the Clippers under-performed woefully.   Box score bears the painful truth.
Clipshow07::That's because we only have one power forward in Griffin. We are in a bad position right now because we need a  another legitimate power forward who can come off the bench and score. I'm afraid the only way to get one is to trade Mo who is literally our best player right now. DeAndre needed a bib, map and a helmet out there last night!!
Ramfackled::HoooooooooooooooooooooooowL!
The Amazing Chef::I really think Kevin Love should be MVP
The Amazing Chef::I am so proud of the wolves. YEAHHHHHHHHHH BUDDDDDDDDDDDDY SUCK IT CLIPPER FANS!
Clipshow07::Oh, we did suck it hard. I hope Griifin is stewing in the fact he clanked both free throws at the end. Note to Griffin: stop complaining to refs and work on your game!
rwscott2001::The first regular season game in the NBA that I enjoyed in a long time.  Physical and entertaining.
dora is so cool not::love is a beast saw the end of the game. amazing
dora is so cool not::no it was all love
elguerojose::Seriously?  Not a single mention of Derrick Williams in this aritcle?  He owned the second half, and was the key to the comeback.
ucfyank::saw the end of this game at the bar, what a finish. K Love is a throwback
tbIce33::Kevin Love is so good, yet he doesn't get the respect he deserves.
buckandroll::As a Kings fan I'm happy for Minnesota's success.  Adelman and crew give the Timberwolves (and fans) something to look forward to for years to come.
fmunozcuevas::Rubio sucked during the game, but the guy scored 9 points in the 4th quarter, handed 3 assists and defended quite well the last Clippers play. He's gained confidence in Minnesota and I think you have to hand that to the coaching staff. Rick Adelman and Terry Porter are going to make this kid a star
shelesh_kim::can't forget marshon brooks.
slickestTRE::Kyrie Irving is playing real well also
purplepride5435::Rubio is already a star, if he plays as well as he has he will no doubt be ROY
fadsjadfak::espn, put this game on at 9 30 or 10, not 10 45
slickswik14::The X-factor in the game: Darko Milicic.  As a Wolves fan, this is the "once in a few years" game for Darko.  I hope this can spark his game.  And Rubio and Love coming up when it matters most...different team this year.
willsg05::I was just thinking about this. Even with last nights performance, I still would prefer to not see Darko too often. Brad Miller has a great opportunity here.
slickswik14::I hope he realizes he needs to perform better if he wants to even be a starter before Brad Miller gets back.  Even Pekovic has been playing better than Darko up until last night.  Pekovic contributed when he was in the game as well.
jack butler505::lol I remember one game against the Lakers last year where Darko almost had a triple-double in points, rebounds, and blocks. but yeah, Darko isnt gonna do what he did last night that often
R Bond::He actually performed like a bull in a china shop in the last games also.  He just did not score at all....this is probably more of a testimony about the Clipper's defense against the frontcourt opposition.
slickswik14::Someone must have told him off or really fired him up...I have never seen Darko put up so many dunks.  I think he only dunked the ball two times this season before the clippers game...
DogOnLoose::True, I was shocked by his performance...solid defense on Griffin, he tried flopping one time ...which I hated
DogOnLoose::Ricky Rubio was struggling the whole game but managed to hit a crucial game-tying three pointer, then Kevin Love "wide open" 3 sealed the deal.  Mo Williams's ejection did a lot of harm to the Clips, imo.
DogOnLoose::Exactly. Vs Mavs and T-Wolves he has been on fire lately...
R Bond::He's trying to gain some leverage in the pecking order.
MNfreakTim::the game would have been different had Mo Williams not been ejected. the dude was just on fire all night long. But he cant be so stupid and bark after a call against him. The refs are calling T's much quicker for " disrespecting " the official.
MarsRover20::Happy to see the Timberwolves become exciting and relevant again...Clippers as well.  I feel like I'm always rooting for the small market teams...way more likeable than the whiny big market players and player-formed superteams.
purplepride5435::Should be well over .500 so many games that came down to the last possesion.  This is not the Wolves of years past.  they probably wont make the playoffs this year but they're going to be in the race down the stretch.
DogOnLoose::7-8, and close to being .500, grats
GASC72::this is the realest talk on here.    all the other crap posts are people complaining or how a team sucks.
Orangemelo88::Kevin Love might be a HOF one day
purplepride5435::if he keeps these double doubles going for the rest of his carrer no doubt he will be a HOFer
fadsjadfak::who starts a game at 10 30 on east lol espn r u stupid or obnoxious or u cant noegotiate
GASC72::ur talking like this is the first time a 730pm west coast game is played and televised, and this goes for all sports.  smh.  the sports world dont revolve around the east coast son
fadsjadfak::12 last night i feel asleep during half time, these games are on so late for anyone who works. i miss every second half. i didnt work today, but i was ttired.
scarletNGrey01::Not a big NBA guy but was flipping between this game and the Aussie Open and saw a lot of the 4th quarter, great and gutsy comeback by the Wolves, that last shot by Love was sick!  Make fun of the guy if you want, and yes he had a horrible shooting night, but that Rubio kid is fun to watch.
pittsburgh-fan::Living in the Twin Cities for the time being. The Timberwolves are giving Minnesota sports fans something to be excited about. Lord knows they need it. Keep it up Twolves!
cerberus4023::Why was Kevin Love so wide open, I'm a huge fan but give me a break
MNfreakTim::it was a beauty of a double screen by Ellington and Rubio that peeled off Loves guy.
Clipshow07::I don't know, but I heard there is still a search and rescue team out looking for DeAndre Jordan this morning because he is still lost from that play.....
sportsfans1995::Boths teams will not get rings.....this year
Clipshow07::The phantom call on Mo when Rubio slipped and traveled that then got Mo ejected was complete garbage. It is astounding how bad NBA refs are night in and night out. Chauncey should of made the layup at the end of the game. Vinny Del Negro needs to get a clue and learn how to create an offensive set play. Him and Mike Brown are equally as bad as coaches...
accarlson13::He drew up a game winner 2 nights before that was successful.  Looked like Rubio got a piece of that last one, I couldnt watch the post-game but thats what it looked like in live time.  VDN isnt that bad, the Bulls are still good cuz they still have Rose, its like the Lakers, they're still good cuz they have Kobe.. Not comparing Rose to Kobe though, Kobe can only be compared to 1 man... The almighty MJ.
accarlson13::1)  Refs call ANYTHING, no contact necessary, it was the same for you 2)  Rubio blocked the shot, cant blame billups, it was a good play by Rubio 3)  He drew up a great play a couple nights before against the Mavs 4)  That was another good drawn up play, almost worked, Rubio had to make a great defensive play .... Quit hating, im a wolves fan but i even know that wasnt the coaches fault.  The second you lose a close game you hop off the wagon and trash your team and coach.  C'mon man.
Clipshow07::Actually, I've been trashing Viinie all season. If you know anything about basketball you know he got ran out of Chicago for a reason. Look what Thibodeau did in one season after Vinnie left. Vinnie is notorious for not being able to run an offensive set. And Rubio did not block the shot. You are thinking of the play either before or after when he made the nice block. I'm not off the wagon, just being critical of my team. I'm allowed to do that. C'mon man.
PhilMN15::Chauncey should not have come close to making that layup. It was perfect defense from Rubio.
Clipshow07::He did play good d but Chaucey created a little space and had a decent enough look to make it. The fact that he was driving for a layup when that isn't even his game tells me that the coach has no clue what he is doing.
minny snowta::added to the fact that the TWolves just played lights out in the 4th qtr.  and stole a victory from a team with an almost perfect home record.
accarlson13::Wolves should trade for Ray Allen.  A nice perimeter shooter than come come up clutch.  Although Love and Rubio were as clutch as it gets yesterday, thats what we've been lacking... Ray-Ray would definitely help that.  And c'mon i mean Rubio to Allen, gonna be potent!
accarlson13::Idk if id trade beasley strait up for allen concidering allens age and beasleys potention though.  And wouldnt Pierce be the hardest to get out of Boston concidering he's been a lifelong Celtic?  I think Ray and KG they'd deal if the right price surfaces,  Maybe Darko and like Randolph or something for Allen?
minny snowta::no, he's a good player and a good person, but he is a fossil in comparison to the twolves.  wolves need to focus on now and the future, not the past.
minny snowta::Klove, Darko, Beasley and Ridnour are all vets.  but young enough to develop with one another.  We don't need a guy that will retire in 2 years....please!
accarlson13::They need a veteran though, cant win win a bunch of 20 yr olds all season
cfish4710::Im a Wolves fan but a Celtics fan first and that is a very good thought. Ray Allen is playing great ball this year and shooting lights out still. He would be a great addition to the Twolves but he is also going to be the hardest to get out of Boston's big three. I don't see any real prospects that the Celtics would see in the Twolves organization, though they might take Beasley.
Clipshow07::Griffin needs to stop complaining/flopping and focus on his game. I think his rookie season has gone to his head. Spends way too much time whining to refs (granted they are horrible). He didn't do that last year. It is really taking away his focus from playing the game. He also needs to learn how to make a free throw.
purplepride5435::refs just let them play after the first 5 minutes
Dinomeyt::Ricky Rubio is to Magic Johnson what Brett Favre is to John Madden lol
danrdrake::sprtfanusa, you clearly do not understand this analogy
MNsportswopwopwah::Ricky Rubio &gt; Magic Johnson
sprtfanusa::don't ever use ricky rubio and Magic Johnson in the same sentence EVER again!!! Even if it's a joke!!!!!
Clipshow07::It was unreal how bad he played all night and then in the last sequence he got a nice block which caused the turnover and then he goes down and hits the game tying 3 after bricking shots all night long. That was rough.
