rollinrobbie::Eastern Conference &gt; Western Conference
C92400::Unacceptable for Rudy not to play. He couldn't fly in to Memphis.
rc021363::Another lackadaisical performance by the Grizzlies.  I give credit to Marc and Z-Bo, they are giving it their all in every game.  And, again, I see Conley lacking in point production.  Ellington had a chance to prove his worth with 30 minutes of play, but had a dismal 2pts. with 1 out of 6 tries.  I really wish Coach Hollins would give Selby and Haddadi more game time and use them to push the game and let them take the fouls.  I hope the Grizzlies get out of their several game slump and come back roaring next game.
tmoneyinmphs::Grizz need some more outside shooting to keep defenses honest.  But overall, just need to score the ball better.  Their offense and scoring has been off for several weeks now.  It killed them last year in the playoffs.  Still got time to get it right.
C.Breezy215::The Sixers will not go very far until the address the whole mascot issue. A team without a mascot is not a team!
ganggreengaingreen_oww::BRING BACK HIP-HOP
Rutro Rowdy::123
3 Games by 4 Points::Recently moved to Memphis from Boston....exciting to see a different team, other than the usual suspects, doing well.  HOWEVER, to hear fans here talk - you'd think Memphis had actually won something already.
SPURZWARZ1.0::Pretenders to the throne!
knight_rider_1983::Memphis played without Rudy tonight and 16,000+ know that so I expected a big crowd Fridaynight like it's been all year
Mavs 2013 Champions::..
emthomasjr::We were just crap this game.  Geeze!  Very bad loss especially in front of a pretty good home crowd.  A lot of times the announced numbers are pretty inflated, but there were probably 90% of the announce crowd of 16+ there.
knight_rider_1983::nOT INFLATED IT'S JUST THAT SOME PEOPLE NEVER COME INTO THE MAIN BOWL
nargash::Where are all the people who says trade Gay? Seriously, this team can't function without Gay. He is threat to every offense and he is really good defender which fits the Grizz system..!!
rc021363::Problem with Rudy, is we are paying top dollar to BE THE Go-To Scorer, and he is too inconsistent.  The last several games Rudy has played has shown it.  I like Rudy, but if he wants to be paid that kind of money, he better start hitting a lot more shots than he has the last several games.
tmoneyinmphs::He played in a 25 point loss to houston.  He had a big 6 points, 4 rebounds, 4 assists, and 4 turnovers in 29 minutes.  Sure he helps, but zbo and marc are our best players.  Grizz could have won last night without him.  The weakness from last year is showing it's ugly head real bad over the last few weeks.........  Lack of scoring.  With or without rudy.
emthomasjr::Can't really argue about that.  We blew TONS of wide open shots; Gay would have feasted on a lot of those open shots.
slapshotcity123::The Grizz haven't been themselves recently. Conley's been really off too.
emthomasjr::Either we will adapt, or we will slip back into obscurity.  I think we have found an identity that works and will adapt.
emthomasjr::Yeah, part of it is the pressure of playing against teams that actually take you seriously every night.  It's something that we are not used to.  In the past, even last year during the condensed season we weren't really very good until a very late season run to secure homecourt.  People psychologically looked at us the same old Grizzlies that had the fluke win vs. the Spurs.  Now, vaulting off to a good start for once and being ranked at the top, we just haven't been ready. Teams that we could usually get over on like the Sixers tonight, they come with their A game and some pride, and we have been struggling and losing at times.
torrtis::Is playing 41 mins and getting 1 point a record?
Grindhouse2413::I was there. Brutal. Never should have been down like that. Good win Philly. I love TA but damn a missed lay up and costly turnovers. Teams are running against us and draining three's.....Denver up next on Saturday. I am hopeful but realistic based on our last two meetings......Go Griz
thedealerkuo::tony had three negative plays in a row.  missed lay up, terrible shooting foul on turner when he was complete shut down, and then the turn over on the pass that went right thru his hands
emthomasjr::I was there too.  Brutal is a good description.  Disappointing loss in front of a good crowed; if the announced number was 16055 then there had to have been an 85-90% show rate.
Scalabrine2424::Wow Memphis blows.  You know what they need?  Scalabrine!  He's better than the entire freaking Memphis team.  Lose to the 76s... U suck #heat
slickwatts100::so what's your opinion of evan taking 4 shots in over 40 minutes? does it show that he's disciplined and more  concerned with winning than stats? or is it a lack of aggression or some sort of bad thing?
salemram15::Hes been both disciplined and aggressive this year,  i wouldn't put too much stock into this one, it didnt help that he had tony allen, who's a premier perimeter defender,  glued to him for a large portion of the game.
All this Polo I got horsepower.::I like the sound of Manziel to Jackson in 2014.
USMC3121::Whats wrong with Foles I think he will turn out to be a good QB for  Philly in the right system. I seen him play in college at AZ he is a steal forget about the kid from A&amp;M Philly prob is defense!
picaac15::you like the sound of an unproven teenager in the NFL
All this Polo I got horsepower.::He's 20 now.
picaac15::Doug Collins postgame interview:   "Well Wright and Hawes had a good game and theyre playing well, so I think ill start Nick Young and Kwame next game, see how that works"
C.Breezy215::picaac15 is kinda correct but I feel most regular people don't really understand how a pro team operates. I don't work for the Sixers but they practice at my job, I see them everyday they are in Philly and I hear them talking about injuries and things that are never released to the media so with that said just realize you don't know about everything that is going on and DC is a good coach so their has to be a reason why he does what he does.
jnks10::You have to understand basketball to understand why he does what he does. He doesn't want to have hawes and wright in the starting line up because when you start to rest your starting lineup you have a much worse team on the floor. Instead of having a really good starting line up and a crap bench he tries to even the 2 out. That way there isn't a big drop off when you start to bench the starters. Don't bash what which you don't understand.
IggyIsClutch::Doug is always unpredictable
weebaybrice2012::wow what a $@%!$@% idiot
Igglesnation::For the Eagles to win it all starts on defense, this is why we need to draft Star and switch to a 3-4 defense. We have a two headed attack in Bryce and Shady so we should use them alot
C.Breezy215::I worry more about a guy that can't see a hole opening up or a guy that doesn't have the speed to get around the edge more so than I worry about a RB that fumbles. Securing the ball is something that must be learned the other two things I mentioned you either have that ability or you don't. I have no doubt that Brown will work on securing the ball in the off-season and we will see if he improves in that area.
All this Polo I got horsepower.::Now Bryce I am skeptical about. Fumbles wayyyyyyyy to much and he hasn't done much aside from those two games he's been stopped since.
IggyIsClutch::Ap used to fumble a lot but he Learned how to take care of the ball. Bryce can be deadly
All this Polo I got horsepower.::I want to see Chris Polk next year.
picaac15::hes better than Dion Lewis
BRAY5150::Good game so far Denver keep it up. It's always a better day when the lakers lose
weebaybrice2012::So do the sixers keep dorrell wright in the starting lineup? philly fans
weebaybrice2012::offcourse but will u be saying that when jason richardson comes back and will he agreee?
slickwatts100::yes he'll have to agree
IggyIsClutch::With Doug you never know
slickwatts100::you play the hot hand
FlyGuys623::Aight I'm out. Great win, let's beat gs!!!
potato623::Peace brothas
IggyIsClutch::Cya
PennDrex::See ya Flyguys
picaac15::Why did the Eagles trade UP for a kid that plays a position they were very deep in at the time?
picaac15::Nick Foles is our future QB whether you agree with it or not  If Eagles end up getting 3rd pick or higher without a doubt theyll trade down and draft an O-line first with Reid gone and a new strategy
slickwatts100::that nambi guy sure was overrated for your team huh
C.Breezy215::No picaac15 he was both overpaid and overrated. This was a guy who was supposed to be a lock down corner who every QB was scared of and now he just gets burnt and when he isn't getting burnt its because he is holding.
slickwatts100::they had him and revis 1 and two at that position
picaac15::wouldnt say overrated, id say overpaid
All this Polo I got horsepower.::I wouldn't be so quick to jump the gun on that statement if Chip Kelly is the coach I think Vick stays.
picaac15::but the chances the Eagles fire Reid and sign a new coach by Vick's deadline in February are slim
slickwatts100::evan scored 1 more point than i did
IggyIsClutch::<b> Hey Philly fans how do you feel about Chip Kelly?</b>
C.Breezy215::I will take anyone! I have never been a Andy Reid hater but its been time to move on from that era and see what someone else can do for this team.
Igglesnation::I'd like him as a one year experiment, because why the hell not?
potato623::I kind of want him just for a breathe of fresh air on offense, still skeptical though
FlyGuys623::Not gonna talk about the eagles
All this Polo I got horsepower.::Awful but he will secure us Johnny Manziel.
All this Polo I got horsepower.::Red Shirt Freshman. He's eligible next year.
potato623::No 2 he's a freshman
All this Polo I got horsepower.::One year.
All this Polo I got horsepower.::Can they be any worse than what we have now?
potato623::In 2 years?
picaac15::you talk about these young players as if theyre going to be good
FlyGuys623::I'll give spencer a gold star for today but I'm not back on his bandwagon
C.Breezy215::Nor should you be, the guy has a great game and than follows it up by having several bad games in a row. I like Spence but he is inconsistent and that is putting it nicely.
All this Polo I got horsepower.::Khalif Wyatt and LeBron James will be the new Bird vs. Magic next year.
All this Polo I got horsepower.::Only in the same conference.
picaac15::If the Sixers end up being the 8 seed *gulp* I hope the Knicks are 1 with Heat 2   Knicks would be easy with a healthy Bynum
potato623::As much as I'd love to agree, I don't think the K's are easy for anybody
FlyGuys623::Hopefully we are better than 8
Regis85::Nice Sixers win!
just let your soul glow::HERE WE GO
potato623::Our fight clock is brought to you by Bud Light, Drink responsibly
pedrobear1::10-7 since the 8-1 start scored 100 points only 3 times(one was OT vs Suns) 92.7 points per game 5th time they fail to reach 90 points
picaac15::92.7 ppg is like what the Sixers average its not that bad
All this Polo I got horsepower.::Once the Sixers get Khalif Wyatt next year he will take the Sixers to the ECF.
FlyGuys623::No draft pick :(
picaac15::hes from Temple late 2nd is the best he'll get
PennDrex::Unless they slip into the lottery... or trade Bynum.
All this Polo I got horsepower.::He will go undrafted.
PennDrex::Hawes and Wright combined for 25 shots... and made 17 of them.   Once in a lifetime event we just witnessed folks.
picaac15::god I hate Hollinger and his biased stats
picaac15::HOW DO YOU LIKE US NOW HOLLINGER   OH YOU JUST LOST TO A TEAM PROJECTED TO BE 14 UNDER .500   GO SUCK OUR $@%!$ YOU TOOL
BRAY5150::Memphis is overrated
potato623::Have not refreshed the page in a while, we're still down 47-43
PennDrex::NOOOOOOOOO. Comeon Sixers, get it together!
FlyGuys623::If only we had Rodney carney
All this Polo I got horsepower.::He choked in the big game when he was at Memphis he would of had a big game.
potato623::As a mascot
All this Polo I got horsepower.::Realistically Sixers will go no where with any of the players they have aside from Bynum and Holliday. The Heat are just too powerful.
IggyIsClutch::You forgot to add Thad and Turner
potato623::You have no idea what you are talking about kid, Turner has been on fire all year.
IggyIsClutch::He's actually pretty good 15 7 and 4 are his averages
All this Polo I got horsepower.::Turner blows he is a bench player on any good team.
potato623::We have yet to see how that tandem will work though, gotta give it time
potato623::No s###
All this Polo I got horsepower.::Heat are winning the Championship.
PennDrex::Alright, so all the Sixers need to do is this:  Trade a 2nd round pick for Tim Duncan. Trade Spencer Hawes for LeBron. Trade Bynum back to LA for Howard  Championship!
FlyGuys623::And we keep kwame. Perfect
PennDrex::Someone needs to groom Tim Duncan.
IggyIsClutch::Don't forget Ivey
Igglesnation::sounds good
Igglesnation::"Wow, I need a real point guard like that Jrue guy"   -Marc Gasol
Benjamayne::wow, dorell wright was averaging 8 points before that. seems like every game the grizzlies try to make someone into a superstar
FlyGuys623::He's a good player
All this Polo I got horsepower.::Evan Turner just hurt his tradability tonight.
FlyGuys623::He was never gonna get traded
potato623::He's not getting traded anyway, we need him
All this Polo I got horsepower.::Bring back Eric Snow!
IggyIsClutch::Malik FTW
potato623::Remember he fell asleep as an announcer for us&gt;?
PennDrex::And Kevin Ollie!
potato623::And John Salmons, Willie Green, and Karrem Rush
FlyGuys623::Says no one
torrtis::Wow 76ers winning the Grizz at their turf.
FlyGuys623::Theo Ratliff jersey lol drex you son of a gun
PennDrex::::cries:: I don't actually have one. I think I have a Sixers 2001 EC champions shirt and hat...
MuayThai20::Grizzlies are pretenders.
tomcghee::weak effort memphis
pedrobear1::Well this will shut up all the trade Gay morons
thf24::Anyone who thinks Gay should be traded or should have been at any point during the last three years doesn't understand NBA basketball.
Benjamayne::i hope so. clearly the team is lost without him
pedrobear1::not enough punch from our bench as usual
PennDrex::You should trade Gay. I hear Royal Ivey is available via trade as well...
pedrobear1::lets make it happen
potato623::Haha, i read that so wrong the first time
potato623::All I saw was shutup...gay morons haha
PennDrex::Racist!
