Frank Kim::Gonna be 4 in a row for my Zards, this after all the talk abt 50 games, team's fallin apart, think Whitt gotta go.  How is Cody Zeller doing?  Otto is a bust, why we draft him with Ariza, Martell, and now Rice emerging, just didn't need him
Brandon Milligan::Team is falling apart? Well when you have 3 important players out with injuries (Beal, Nene, Harrington), it is usually hard to win in this league. Quit with the overreaction.
Marcleen Bavogui::otto is a bush when he hasnt even played a game because of his injury.. you`re an idiot
Frank Kim::4 in a row with Beal and Nene out, you're right, but still think loss to Bucks was unacceptable.  Otto is a bust so far, sorry, an idiot like me can see that buddy.
Dereck Johnson::This is two playoff teams but they're both missing key players. I give Washington a lot of credit for going for it this year. Most teams would have tanked for a good draft pick but they traded their 1st round pick for Gortat. Now a lot of ppl would say that's dumb bc they're not going 2win it all but now they actually have a good core to lure a big free agent. Wall, Beal, Ariza, Nene, and Gortat with Webster, Booker, & Seraphin off the bench. I think Melo could win a championship with that team. They can't win this year tho when Ariza&Webster both struggle. Also they need to give the ball to Gortat more in the post while Nene is out. Against the Pacers he did good work scoring and finding the open man while in the post. Also id play Seraphin more bc that kid has a lot of upside & plays hard.
Richard Franco::1st (1) Facebook Elimination Tournament - Sponsored by Perez Franco Funeral Services www.perezfrancofuneralservices.com https://www.facebook.com/rbfakastorm/posts/10201244053448316   December 14, 2013 - 6:00pm Los Angeles Clippers vs. Washington Wizards http://espn.go.com/nba/preview?gameId=400489216 #32. Alexandria Lynn Franco - Los Angeles Clippers #33. Laura Benson - Washington Wizards
John Osaki Jr.::Chris Paul played like the MVP of the league tonight! Big-Time Chris Paul fans, checkout his awesome chapter in the projected rankings of the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Julian Hinnant::CP3 had a big night, but John Wall definitely held his own tonight. He's by far the best PG in the East this year thus far. Both teams were missing players but i think it can be argued that the pieces Washington was missing tonight was far greater.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Yea Wall has been balling out this year after getting that extension. When Beal comes back, he will be even more dangerous.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::John Wall, you are the best point guard in the East but my man Chris Paul is the best point man in the league.  And it helps that Doc realizes he can start Jamal Crawford even if Willie Green's minutes suffer.
Dereck Johnson::I can't believe I forgot about Otto Porter in my comment below. Washington really has a bright future.
Steve Blesson::I guess John Wall needed to see what being the best PG in the league looks like. CP3 38-3-12-3!
Eric Fennix::cp3 is a beast clippers not tough inside. Wall is on his  way to elite status if he cab get Wiz into playoffs
Adam Youman::Holy sh!t chris paul your a monster! Why are Clippers fans not going nuts over this lol
Victor Aguilera::because it was the 9-13 Wizards!
Adam Youman::Victor Aguilera still this is his best game all year...doesnt matter who you play against it should still be exciting if your a clippers fan
Ryan Shoemaker::Adam Youman Paul had 46 on Golden State early this year
Frank Kim::4 losses in a row, the injuries are a part of that sentiment.  Otto is a bust so far, sorry.
Benny Thai Tran::Wow, 4 comments on this game.  LOL.
Kristi Baldridge Roberts::when is Beal coming back
Wendy Wineland Waksmonski::Come on wiz
Nico Palomar::WOW 38 POINTS AND 12 AST FROM CP3
