565Eric::Boston will be the number 2 seed in the East  this year. Cant wait until the ECF rematch with Miami. Will be tough to win that though. Go C's.
PaulGeorgeisFuture::no........ Boston can be the 4 seed at best
Jdzspace::that is pretty ambitious with only 20 games to go
oaknative::Did you hear how quite the pacer stadium was..I was laughin so hard..
Shaun0088::lol https://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/s480x480/541634_301507366642144_577941266_n.png
Jimmy30313::me either
smokinstogies305::I don't get it.
Stumpy9345::Celtics starting lineup is great, I actually love it because it is a very good defensive lineup but end of game situations I like Bradley Terry Green Pierce Garnett
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Green should be a starter, I think we would score more points
Stumpy9345::And this is why I would take the Celtics over the Pacers in a playoff series.
ejhova217::Celtics starting lineup should be bradley green pierce bass and kg.  Green is quick enough to guard 2 guards especially when a 2 guard is paul george. We should try moving him into the starting lineup.
Jdzspace::that is all well and good now....but what about when Rondo comes back? move Avery to the bench? that isn't going to work.    but that isn't a terrible idea for the here and now, but moving forward that just teases Green with a starting job that is temporary at best
Jdzspace::unless of course Pierce retires
brandonkeller5::Do you guys think Paul George is going to be a Superstar? I read this cool article that seems to think he will not http://3andd.com/2013/03/07/anatomy-of-a-superstar-small-forward/
hoops 112hoping::he'll be a perennial all star at least. And probably a superstar.
chocolate giddyup::Pacers need to play on national tv more often. He has the potential to be a superstar but right now the casual fan has no idea who he is. Tough to do in a small market. You have to already have hype coming into the league like KD, Kyrie, etc.
Jdzspace::its impossible to answer that question. Could he turn a corner and become a superstar? maybe. can he do it consistently year after year? it's not just having a great year, you have to do it year after year. with the exception of Derrick Rose who did it overnight almost literally.   yet it has taken Rondo year after year of dominant numbers and even he is NOT widely considered a superstar.   so it really is hard to say
Jdzspace::I feel people don't understand something. Jeff Green is a SMALL forward......in some lineups he is a shooting guard. he is NOT nor will he EVER be STARTING power forward, nor should he be.   against REALLY small teams you can get away with it, sometimes. But it is beyond stupid to even think that it is a good idea to take an already undersized team and make them SMALLER by having Green at the 4 spot.   you realize how absurd it is to have your Small forward being BIGGER than your power forward....right?   Celtics fans are usually knowledgeable about the game, its dissapointing that some don't grasp the differences in these very key positions
samdag2::jdzspace: "you realize how absurd it is to have your Small forward being BIGGER than your power forward....right?"  You realize that aside from KG, and maybe Wilcox, Green is the tallest guy on the team?(no I'm not counting Shavlick Randolph.)
samdag2::and it's not like this is unheard of - the Knicks essentially have Melo playing the 4 even though he's not a true power forward, Raptors have lineups where Rudy Gay is their PF, The Heat use Lebron as a PF even though he spends a lot of time handling the ball, Josh Smith is listed as a SF but he plays the 4 for the Hawks (with Al Horford being another 4/5 hybrid as their only true big man.) So, yeah, WHAT IS YOUR POINT?
samdag2::Not sure what your point is, despite your use of CAPS.  I agree with you - Green is not a real PF, but what does that change?  The Celtics are a very small team with underwhelming power forwards (since Sully went down) and offensively Green is often the best option they have there.  It's no accident Doc plays Green, KG, Pierce, Terry, and Bradley in crunch time.  Bass has been useless and is a poor rebounder (Green is actually even an inch taller than Bass, just not as strong) and Wilcox is only used to give KG rest.  In a perfect world they'd have a pure center and KG would play PF, but that's not the case.  Until they get a true PF, their best offensive lineup has no true '4' and simply has 2 guards (Bradley/Terry), 2 forwards (Pierce/Green), and 1 big man (Garnett.)  So, what's your point?
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Pierce has played every game so far this year, yes? Now he has bone bruises as well as that nerve in his neck bothering him? We're in full playoff push mode, where we really need every body to contribute in every way possible. I don't see any rest in the future for our dear Captain. Got to give it up to the guy, he's one tough customer.
paulleena12::As long as he does not suffer knee or ankle injury.
paulleena12::I Like This:  <b><a>BEAT THE CHEATS!!!</a></b>
chocolate giddyup::Celts should trade Rondo while they still have leverage. He's gonna bolt in a couple of years when his contract is up.
Lebroncouldcareless::LEBRON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
samdag2::One of the things I liked about last night was how active the guards were helping out on the defensive glass in the 4th quarter.  They'll need to devote themselves to team rebounding the rest of the year, especially considering the Celtics best lineup by far is when they go small with Bradley, Terry/Lee, Pierce, Green, and KG.  Bass is useless and Wilcox is just there to spell KG.  Perhaps DJ White can bring some interior toughness to the table, but I'm not counting on it.
cjones191::the cs should trade rondo
Shaun0088::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32p8d6OudgU
Jdzspace::your insane
chocolate giddyup::you're
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::They need to make green a STARTER already, it would be a wrap for everybody!!
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Of course not, bass needs to be benched and it doesn't matter about his size. He's super athletic so he could blow or shoot over most other PF's
Jdzspace::Green is NOT a power forward, he is a small forward or shooting guard sometimes. NOT a power forward. the LAST thing this team needs is to get smaller
Jdzspace::we can't bench Pierce
paulleena12::Bench Bass.
CapitalK1977::So, when's the last time Kendrick Perkins hit a game-winner?
paulleena12::Road dog:  It will be great if this Celtic team goes to ECF, wins the Conference final and also wins the Final.  They definitely have the heart, fight, Spirit and great team attitude.
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::That's a good one(CHEATS)
Road dog Red::Beat the CHEATS
paulleena12::C's in Manwich Zone.
ajdaplayer::Not only the C's made 3s, Pacers' George Hill got quick back2back 3s and a dunk too.. So forget about thinking Cs were favored by 3s...it's the D by Cs that made Pacers totally confused of what to do..to the point that Pacers couldn't countpart the D..Bradley open downlow, Jeff open downlow..GAME OVER!! Kudos to KG on both assists.
TheBigTicketInBoston::Late shot-clock jack ups tho....... Caused by the relentless defense. Not rocket science, just great basketball.
paulleena12::They switch from man to zone and vice versa.  Any pick and roll or post play, they played man; any ball swing, they played zone.  This defense suffocated Pacers late in 4th Qtr.
Pacersfan4ever::Not really we just jacked up 3's. Good win for your C's tho
Road dog Red::???????
paulleena12::Great Win Last Night.  Go Celtics !!!
Road dog Red::ESPN SUX
Road dog Red::Bass sooooooo SUX
paulleena12::Hello!  Bass Sux.
tweederbsu::I just can't wait for the 4 months of Playoff basketball!
cdub2103::or 8 weeks, but sure
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Despite the fact that Fab Melo has looked like a doofus on and off the court, the Celtics are in such dire need of big men that I'm inclined to give him a shot. What other options do we have?
Sean499851::although offense is what they need
Sean499851::i like the vucevic idea too, a team player who sacrifices offense for defense
cdub2103::Celtics are slotted to pick in the 16 to 20 range right now, which could land them Kelly Olynyk, which if you've been watching Gonzaga games is an intriguing option.
cdub2103::Anybody?
cdub2103::Also, a deal for Vucevic from Orlanda would be sweet.
cdub2103::And I hate Mason Plumlee as a person, but as a basketball player he comes from a Duke system that preaches team defense. So it could work out well if he's still on the table.
A-HEAT-FAN-CALLED-MIAMI-A-STATE-THEN-I-LAUGHED-1::^. True Story
Dribbird.::The funny part is everyone would assume that is true anyway.
A-HEAT-FAN-CALLED-MIAMI-A-STATE-THEN-I-LAUGHED-1::Not a Boston fan ,but I give it up to them going to Pacers house and getting a W
TheBigTicketInBoston::Great name by the way. Priceless.
cdub2103::I'm fully ready to dump Rondo now.  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=alaa55a
Swigs31::kane FTW - the sixers are giving to much for pathetic nelson. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  cdub2103 - I'm banking on the fact that the 76ers are a pathetic franchise that make terrible decisions like signing a big man with major knee issues. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    The Sixers aren't going to trade their young emerging PG, and do-all utility man Thad Young, for a overpaid, barely average 31yo Jameer Nelson. Nor is Orlando going to trade a talented, skilled(not to mention ratherly cheap) young bigman(Vucevic), for a PG coming off a major surgery, who is also known to have attitude issuses and who may just be a product of the system in Boston. Finally the Sixer didn't sign Bynum they traded for him, they took a chance on a center who by most accounts was the 2nd best center in the league last season behind Howard(amazing how both of their stock has fallen so fast, Bynums more obviously) because that team as it was constructed last season would never be more than a 7-8 seed, followed by a 1st round playoff exit, so they took a shot on Bynum who btw only missed 2 games to injury last season, the other 4 he missed was due to suspension,and he had palyed a good string on the remaining games the prior season, so he was looking pretty healthy, I personally liked and wanted the Sixers to keep Vucevic, unfortuanately the Magic wouldn't agree to partake in the multi-team trade unless he was included. Since Bynum is in the last year of his deal, the Sixers can let him walk, they aren't tied in to him long-term or maybe they could resign him to a short term team friendly deal, but all in all they needed to move Iggy and see if they could take a major step forward, instead of being a nowhere near good enough team that was never going to compete for a title, if Bynum walks, they suck it up, take that money try to add some pieces, thru FA and the draft and go from there, but no way do they make that backwards a$$ trade as is suggested.
Road dog Red::oh HELL YEAH... make the trade
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::4 reals, I was shaking when I heard that we was gonna trade Rondo for Bynum. 1st because I would never want a former Faker as a team mate and second is his knee,it was a matter of time
Dribbird.::Sixers give up Holiday to get Jameer Nelson?   wtf?
kane FTW::the sixers are giving to much for pathetic nelson.
ahod007::cdub2103 - I'm banking on the fact that the 76ers are a pathetic franchise that make terrible decisions like signing a big man with major knee issues.  Not to mention fat, lazy and immature
cdub2103::I'm banking on the fact that the 76ers are a pathetic franchise that make terrible decisions like signing a big man with major knee issues.
Diamonds__Are__Forever::The whole east is busted wide open from 2 down
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Does anyone have faith in Fab Melo? I think Sullinger is an incredible pickup (if he can stay healthy) but I just don't know about Melo.
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::I'll take sully
Jmello517::I know he has potential, But I also know he walked into a door.
TheBigTicketInBoston::Hhahha well said.
cdub2103::Zero faith, he looks like Hasheem Thabeet circa 2006
Celtics1634::No faith
cdub2103::Don't look now but the Celtics could be siting in 4th come Monday morning.
Diamonds__Are__Forever::Maybe even 2nd
cdub2103::Hahahhahaha
Diamonds__Are__Forever::Anythings Posssssssssssssssssssssssible
cdub2103::2nd? Its going to be kinda tough to pick up 5 games this weekend...
GOTTAPROVEME::this is why i'm not sold on the pacers...they have good players but they don't have that one super star or anybody that can avg. 20 + pts..it's one thing to beat a team once or twice but for 4 games??...i just don't see it.
Celtics1634::-18 for Bass
cdub2103::wow. that's insane.
jds_drummer::Tyler Hansbrough: 9 mins. 0 pts. 2 rebs. 1 to. 2 fouls and a +/- of -7 Jeff Pendergraph: DNP COACH'S DECISION  If their minutes breakdown had been switched, I feel like the Pacers would have won.  I WANT PENDERGRAPH-SANITY!!!
Celtics1634::He sucks
jds_drummer::Who? Psycho T.  I know.
a617guy::Rondo, Bradley, Green, Sully, and a Center- C's got a future
TheBigTicketInBoston::Dont forget courtney lee. Guy is a really really nice piece. Not to mention the average salary of those players is only like 6-7 mill........meaning we will have room to add a max contract player or even a couple 15 mil/yr players .... Josh smith, al jefferson, millsap, faried, and whatever else bigman free agents over the next few years
ahod007::any perimeter scoring? elton brand could outshoot that backcourt.
Jmello517::no pls that's not a future. That's .500 team.
Paul41066::Heat extend streak with a Lebron lay up.Oh,nice push off going to the basket with no call like always.
a617guy::Small sample size..how about 31-12 free throws and 30-17 fouls in favor of Miami?
ahod007::athletic teams draw fouls. unathletic teams that start jameer nelson and arron afflalo don't. not to mention orlando averages only 16 free throw attempts per game making them dead last in the league. nice try idiot.
requiem4agreen::Hope the Pacers are ready for Sunday.
rondo2KG::lol BostonHerald is clearly Road Dog Red, you can tell by the way he capitalizes/mispells random words in his rants.  And being anti-Rondo.
a617guy::C's should get back to their championship ways once Stern retires
Jmello517::I wouldn't call Green a building block, since he's 27, but I would say his potential is still incredible. He has a chance to have a break out season and become a leader.
a617guy::he is 26, and you have at least 5 years to build around he and Rondo
BostonHerald::Back to Back to Back wins ... NEXT
BostonHerald::Hey AT...LAN...TAAAAAA yer azzzzzes  are NEXT
ThatsGoodSoup7963::I'll tell ya, Jeff Green is making a believer out of me lately. I hated the Perkins trade up until about 2 months ago when Green started really coming out of his shell.
BostonHerald::Now... If Jeff would just develop a LEFT hand....  PLEASE
Celtics1634::I concur
a617guy::And now he looks like a legitimate building block for the future of this franchise. Gives me hope that we will be competitive for years to come
BostonHerald::Me too
yellowdart24::The pacers last 6 loses have went like this...  Up 10 in the 4th and go scoreless in final 4:30 No Hibbert due to ridiculous suspension In OT in a poorly officiated game against the Nets In OT up big in 4th and do everything to let them come back against Toronto PG gets raped and no foul then pulls a PP like last night and gets called for it against Denver  In OT against Utah  This dates back to late January and only 6 loses. Pacers could have a lot better record and challenging the heat for a 1 seed
a617guy::That kind of choking won't get the Pacers very far in the playoffs.
BostonHerald::You mean...WINNAH
BostonHerald::You got yer butts KICKED last night... Plain and simple.... And we are going to do it AGAIN... Get use to the abuse.... Cuz... ITS COMING
yellowdart24::Okay homer
Paul41066::Every team in the East is paying attention to the C,s now!!And they should.Wounded and dangerous team!!
BostonHerald::If they don't ... It's their funeral
BostonHerald::Things go better without Rondo
Dj3garrett::Why are the Pacers allowed to play a lot more physical than their opponents? The Celtics were called for fouls on the exact plays the Pacers weren't... West is allowed to bully you and put his shoulder in your chest... Hibbert is allowed to hit you with is body but because his arms are up its a no call... That Hansboro guy should be called for a foul on every possession...
BostonHerald::It's called Sterns hated of the Celtics... And we hate him back
Jmello517::I did realize this. I think the Pacers just have a really good reputation for being good defensively so the refs let them play. I honestly have no idea, last night I would see pierce getting mugged with no call, then see Avery Bradley get a foul for barely touching someone.
Paul41066::It,s called home court.
Jmello517::I actually can't believe we won last night. At one point in the fourth I was thinking about changing the channel but decided against it, glad I didn't. Good job celtics.
mrrlm26::pacers  end  up at 47-35 -lose  in first round of playoffs--GRANGER  goes back on DL.
kane FTW::I dont know wether Boston should keep on winning (Im pretty sure they'll get the 4th spot) or play it strategically and get the 6th spot, that way we see Miami in the ECF.
coach p33::that whats gonna happen bros #celtics
mrrlm26::Pacers  lose  at  orlando -friday and get torched by Heat on Sunday
Justin821068::Not head to head and that's all that matters
yellowdart24::And still will be ahead of Boston in the east
R.J._MacReady::Awesome game ! ! !  ....Go Pacers !
jokerfac311::we got the pacers number now next game is at our house
