Erica Heard::Dear Bulls, don't play down to the competition please!
Michael John::Being at the Pacers game, I saw what the Bulls can do and I'm getting more and more excited for this season, the defense is just suffocating teams  Bulls- 96 Bobcats- 79
Rodney Cooley::Boozer, Mcroberts, Deng, Dunleavy, Henderson...its like a Duke reunion game....
Taylor Manes::Jeff ariano and mell wallace suffering from little dick syndrome
Adam Youman::This will be an easy win for the bulls! Bad bobcats offense + great bulls defense = 6-3 (5-0 at home) for the bulls!!!
Taylor Manes::First Bulls win by 20!!!!!!
Bob Walsh::Don't quit your day job...do quit making gambling predictions! :-)
Will McCoy::its just comical to me that people come here and try to scrutinize every one of these games like they really matter...the nba season is 6 MONTHS LONG...this part is just to past time...these games don't start to matter until march...
Yung Humma::if these games don't matter.. why are they playing them???
Will McCoy::because 82 games makes way more money the 20 do...
Will McCoy::then
Taylor Manes::Why the f is the bulls losing by four this suppose to be a blow out game...bulls supposed to be winning by like 15
Steven Christian Shaw::Brandon Tigues I say they don't get to 80.  and neither will shoot better than 38%.
Brandon Tigues::lol it's looking that way, I don't know rather to credit the defense or if it's just bad offense
Steven Christian Shaw::Brandon Tigues Bulls are great on defense but I think this is just really bad offense.
Brandon Tigues::Steven Christian Shaw  yeah..I don't think the bobcats are this good defensively, the bulls are just having a terrible shooting night
Tammy Page::Two good def and two bad off , gonna come down to the wire, cats win on buzzer
Clint Czar Jefferson::Just say NO to drugs kid..Bulls win by at least 15 thanx to another solid game by D.Rose.
Nelson Guillen::Rose is the most inefficient superstar ever.
Will McCoy::you still here? how pathetic
Brandon Andrew-Van Patten::D-Rose A.K.A. TMAC part 2. One injury and the guy stops going to the basket and starts shooting 3's. Yes the injury was bad, but he has been cleared and actually improved his vertical which means he has fully healed. No excuses....the guy is playing scared!!
Adam Youman::Mel Wallace no one cares what you have to say
Larry Nunez::Even though the Bulls won, I wouldn't take these Bobcats for chumps, the Bulls were TERRIBLE on offense and their Defense saved them, I get the feeling these Bobcats will be a good team, the hung with, arguably, the best team in the NBA.
Rob Munnell::Mel Wallace  looks like your only activity is hating on bulls articles. Do they really bother you that much that you have to go and comment on every article? If you think they are bad then ok leave it. I think the Jazz are terrible but I don't go writing hate comments on their boards. Get a life.
Will McCoy::Mel if the refs are trying to make rose a superstar again why isn't he taking more FTs every game?
George J Banks::Mel Wallace You just keep watching the bulls wins pile up hater.
Marcus Grein::We gon act like D-rose aint back??? 4-13 with 12 points 5 dimes.What a beast!!! Pretty soon he will be back in double digits PER and haters wont have nothing to say!!!!
Jose Klatter::Struggling to beat a team (Cats) that Lebron beat almost by himself? How could you people (Bulls) destroy the Pacers and struggle like that? Oh my!
Will McCoy::how did Miami lose to Boston? who the hell cares its not even thanksgiving
George Jimas::Will McCoy miami is the defending two time champs. chicago is a self-glorified contender.
Nelson Guillen::Will McCoy Lack of effort and focus against Philly and Boston, their only legitimate loss was against Brooklyn.
Scott Baker::All you people making excuses for Rose just needs to sit and watch some game tape of Russell Westbrook.
Adam Youman::why? what is that gonna show? that a similar pointguard with a less seriou injury who was out for a 4th of the time as rose is playing well? thanks for that pathetic comparison
Brandon Andrew-Van Patten::There's an old saying about this exact situation. If the horse bucks you off, you get back on. He waited too long to come back and now he is more afraid of the NBA than they are of him. He gets no respect around the league anymore because he was cleared and didn't even give it a go. That's the comparison between he and Westbrook.
Brandon Andrew-Van Patten::If you don't like that comparison, try KOBE. I don't like the guy, but you have to respect the fact that he is already practicing after a torn achilles and only 6 months and has played through numerous injuries throughout his career. D-Rose is soft and now the league knows it.
Matt Cauthen::As of right now, it appears the Bulls thrive off the energy they get at home. That's why they haven't lost yet in the United Center. Bulls fans are giving them a boost in their drive.
Trevor Hennington::Man, this team what the hell.  5-17, 4-11, 4-13, 2-6, 1-5.... if they played ANY other team today it would have been a blowout loss.
Steven Christian Shaw::But they played the Bobcats and get the W.
Adam Youman::also give the bobcats some credit for some solid defense that second half. i was impressed (and annoyed)
Clint Czar Jefferson::The Bulls are known for playing down to their competition and that's exactly what happen against the Bobcats.
Will McCoy::long as we win doesn't even matter
Nelson Guillen::I said after the Pacers game that Rose would have a poor shooting night in the next game, law of averages.
Will McCoy::he hasn't played in 18 months...who the hell cares how he is shooting in November...get at me in march
Adrian DiMarcantonio::Will McCoy that's around the time he chokes
Tyler Nelson::It was his choice to not play for 18 months.
Taylor Manes::I wish tibs would put teague and the rookies in with noah and kirk
Jody George Prats::Two garbage teams both shot 36%   *trash
Joshua Schnack Werner::definitely no hesperia high
Taylor Manes::Bulls need to drive to the rim to get the freethrows...
Steven Christian Shaw::They have 27 to bobcats 12
Taylor Manes::Than this should be a blow out game bulls should have like 107 points by now
Steven Christian Shaw::This game is wayyy Closer than it should be.
Taylor Manes::Kirk hinrich stop forcing shots
