GrapeOKAllDay35::Did the Knicks wear black tonight to their funeral?
sportspicker1::Remember this? The last time the Miami Heat lost.
KimMathenge::le lucky derrick rose Injury) is already complaining about being under paid why is he still there then.
KimMathenge::last year after the finals skip bayless instant heat fan.
KimMathenge::Generally speaking of the heat here everytime  they start losing they play somebody who stinks lakers my own team..  ie toronto charlotee Dallas  again Lakers.  almost everbody beats them.
Taco with a Q::Best Pacers game I went to in   a while : )
Unsung511::I would play Birdman and Joel at the same time..If Bosh isn't aggressive he needs to sit
Marvo6564::greg oden aint gonna do $@%!
Marvo6564::heat lost
xmanfolife::Championships aren't won n Feb......Indiana had their shot last yr &amp; choked.  This season.....is still up the air .  Indiana needs to beat Miami n the post season.....when it counts.
Marvo6564::"i own lebron and co." -david west
tbest23::Heat bigs made West look all-nba!
xmanfolife::What Heat bigs?
SnookieSpears::As a Bulls fan, I can say that beating the Heat in the regular season means nothing. In the playoffs, they have another gear, something that the rest of the East lacks.
minnesota05::thank you.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Heat win: SEE!!! This proves that the Heat are the best!!! ZOMG!!!!!  Heat lose: w/e it's only one game it doesn't mean anything...WWWAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!  -Heat bandwagoners and ESPN
minnesota05::he says that $@%! to just put more pressure on the Heat. he hates lebron
chbatchel::I think it would be a great series again. And could go either way.
FrancoNero007::And the Pacers are STILL in the 5th Seed  <b>LMAO!</b>
twitham33::*an. Check yourself before you wreck yourself bub.
nba is the worst::Seeds aren't relevant until all teams have played 82 games.
Taco with a Q::Hes got a point actually
FrancoNero007::You are a IDIOT <b>Thats for damn Sure Relevant!</b>
Peter Pipeher::Refs screwed the Pacers last year NBA is just like WWE.
DanNYC2108::no they didn't, the pacers got outclassed once wade started playing well
Kev_010::Paul George man that dudes for real. Trade Granger and let George be the star
dro1964::It sucks when the officiating is unbiased  LBJ, Wade &amp; Bosh
RunTheBall22_-_::heat are to soft to hang with the pacers-- FACT
FrancoNero007::like last years playoffs? 4-2 Over Indy!  <b>LMAO!</b>
illmuzik07::When mia wins this year, everyones excuse will be, they were so well rested because they took so many regular season games off lol...ppl will always find something
nba is the worst::Ha ha, and "when" they don't, we won't see heat fans until next year
FrancoNero007::No, actually thats U Troll! After ur failed predictions round after round in last years playoffs!  Then YOU disapeared for months!  <b>OWNED AGAIN LOSER!</b>
illmuzik07::never heard of him
NYSportsFan360::starting point guard for the .....potentially......best team in the East
NYSportsFan360::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkiRO5fVavs  Raymonnnnnnd........FELTON!
NYSportsFan360::Raymond Felton crossin up Lebron James  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkiRO5fVavs  and then its.....Carmeloooooo An-thonyyyyyyyyy
Treydey10::That's no surprise, both Carmelo and Felton are better players than Lebron lol.
AntlerSeller::What's wrong with Bosh this season? he's being outplayed by Birdman.
NYSportsFan360::haha, 'AntlerSeller'
NYSportsFan360::<u>2 head-head matchups this season</u> Knicks - 104 Heat - 84  Knicks - 112 Heat - 92  YEA!
nba is the worst::Before games vs contenders:" Heat got this, we're the best team in basketball"  After the heat lose: "The heat didn't try, they're coasting, reg season game, what happened last year"
KimMathenge::so much for 95-70
Treydey10::The Heat are the defending champs, whether you like it or not. Their season will only be a success if they win it all.
illmuzik07::heat are the champs until proven otherwise, whats happening now wont mean anything come april
illmuzik07::All this talk reminds me of last year, heat sucked on the road last year, had alot of games where they didn't play with intensity...had a bad stretch where they lost to a bunch of bad teams, then when the playoffs started what happened? They turned it on. Beat NY in 5 games and If it weren't for bosh going down they would've swept indiana, and beat boston in 5 or 6 games...Also the best team from the west got beat in 5...I understand you lebron haters just need something to talk about tho
illmuzik07::i dont recall, didnt know teams had b2b games in the playoffs but either way, they got beat in 5 games (4 Str8), the west is so tough but thats the best they could offer miami...
FrancoNero007::B.Worst is an IDIOT Just Flag that AH!
illmuzik07::yea 66 regular season games did make it alot easier to beat okc in 5 games lol
Treydey10::nba is the worst - Heat didn't play any B2B playoff games, but OKC did. fair?  Every post you have,you always try and discredit the Heat in some way lol.   AMAZING
nba is the worst::Heat didn't play any B2B playoff games, but OKC did.  fair?
illmuzik07::well until this year, who are the current champions?
nba is the worst::Lockout season defending champions*, nothing more.  (How many new players are on the heat)? At least 4, right?
3165Jrjdkskkskdiduj::The lakers
BavarianM3::fail
nba is the worst::So all the teams you mentioned have different rosters than last year.  That means what happened last year is irrelevant.
BavarianM3::So is the Margin between KD and Lebum for Best player really that big as David Aldridge makes it out to be?
3165Jrjdkskkskdiduj::Who?
BavarianM3::Turner sports sports analyst who thinks he knows it all.
NYSportsFan360::Knicks can go on a 7 game win streak now  they already won 3 in a row, they got Sac Kings tomorrow, then Pistons, Wizards and then Minny  and I think all of these games are at home too  next major test is not until LA CLippers on the road in a couple weeks
Treydey10::I hope for the Knicks sake, they don't just overlook teams as you're doing. You still have to play the games lol.
NYSportsFan360::sometimes it takes until halftime to get the competitive juices flowing  like last night, they were losing to Bucks at half time or late in 2nd quarter  and then once 2nd half begins, it was a breeze......Bucks were not on their level
nba is the worst::<b>So the Knicks just have to beat the Kings tonight and they're back in their rightful 1st place in the east! (based on tiebreaker, not win pct)</b>
FrancoNero007::Tie breakers dont count till the end of the year! Heat will Still be in first by pct points  IF the Knicks win tonight but will be back in total first place after they stomp the Raptors tomorrow!
FrancoNero007::<b>OWNED AGAIN LOSER</b>
NYSportsFan360::true that, but now they need Heat to lose to Raptors on the road on Sunday and then MIke Woodson will be the Coach for the East in All-Star game
nba is the worst::"there you go again"  smh
Treydey10::nba is the worst - I don't really care about the allstar game coach - but it's amazing that a team having played one less game can get a coach in - due to a record on an arbitrary cutoff date  You said you don't care about the all star coach, but just gave an example that you actually do care who the coach is lol. Make up your mind lol.
nba is the worst::I don't really care about the allstar game coach - but it's amazing that a team having played one less game can get a coach in  - due to a record on an arbitrary cutoff date
NYSportsFan360::Heat-Knicks - will be the best Eastern COnference Finals Series in NBA History  this series, I am looking forward to it so much..........I think will be one of my favorite times in sports ever  I just see how great Heat are and how great KNicks are becoming  wow, I cant wait for this series
JWB-1979::Sorry, but one of them will lose to the Pacers in the semi's
NYSportsFan360::nah, I mean Pacers will be in the 2nd round but I tihnk they lose to either team
BavarianM3::Kevin Durant will wreck havoc in the Finals. LOL at the fake heat fans who think Heat will sweep OKC in finals
nba is the worst::Too many hungrier teams in the east, heat won't make the finals
nba is the worst::Time will tell ;)
Treydey10::nba is the worst - Too many hungrier teams in the east, heat won't make the finals  Wishful thinking on your part.
NYSportsFan360::Heat needs to be cockier, they need to have their pre-game camera routines like James used to do at Cleveland  they need to laugh at other teams when they dominate  I like the cockyness........forget all the professional crap..........this is Sports, I want to be entertained to the fullest  I see all that and then I wanna see my team, the Knicks, beat them down......  not just Heat, just in general, I wish there was more rivalries and trash talk, its fun  everybody wants to be too nice and friendly with each other.............forget all that!
nba is the worst::JNK17 Refs don't really kick in till playoffs     -Heat Fan 4 fans like this. February 1 2013, 6:46 PM 
RunTheBall22_-_::let me guess, the heat didn't want to win and were not interested in playing. right?
nba is the worst::Antistratfordaria said it during the game, right BEFORE he posted multiple times that the heat would come back to win.
Treydey10::Not at all, the Pacers played better and deserved to win. I thought before the season the Pacers were the Heats biggest competition in the east.
nba is the worst::stressone19 "Dang, when is the next NBA shortened season?????"    - LeBron 9 fans like this. February 1 2013, 7:39 PM 
Treydey10::Funny how you thought the Nets would win, but when they lost, you denied you ever picked them lol.
nba is the worst::Just another heat fan making stuff up, pathetic.
Treydey10::nba is the worst - Prove it son.  I'm not gonna be like you and go search for old comments lol. You know you said it and that's all that matters lol.
nba is the worst::Talk is cheap - why not post what I said and prove it, son.  Because you can't!
NYSportsFan360::I dont mind the trash talking though, I actually wish there was more of it  I liked how the Heat had a signing party to announce their new 'Big 3' and trash talked about how they were gonna win a bunch of championships  nowadays, media thinks u need good etiquette and be professional all the time  to me this is Sports and entertainment, fans are more attracted to trash talk and get more caught up in it
dog_has_fleas::Jordan on the court, trash talking, dirty, do whatever it took. Off the court, professional. Their is a time and place, something most of these guys were never taught.
dog_has_fleas::NYSportsFan360 - I hate the Heat but I thought it was cool it hyped it up more and got me excited to see my team play against em makes u want to beat them more  When LeBron hid behind the charity to announce leaving the Cavs I wanted them to lose every game no matter how plausible it wasn't. I knew they would be good but sort of just wish he manned up about it. Having said that I am glad he decided to be himself instead of trying to be the villain and all. Though I was less than impressed with him whining about how much he gets paid.
NYSportsFan360::I hate the Heat but I thought it was cool  it hyped it up more and got me excited to see my team play against em  makes u want to beat them more
dog_has_fleas::RunTheBall22_-_ - trash talking is one thing, but to have a party and claim you will win 7 rings is just dumb  That is sort of what I meant. I am all for celebrating, when you win. But the party they threw for that might have been as big as the one when they actually won last year.
RunTheBall22_-_::trash talking is one thing, but to have a party and claim you will win 7 rings is just dumb
nba is the worst::Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player Wade's dropping 40 tonight, you can book that. 5 fans like this. February 1 2013, 5:38 PM 
matthollabak::Has Wade ever blocked Paul George?
nhraven5200::nba is the worst copies and saves peoples comments?? Dude that just sick.
nba is the worst::Perhaps you should get a sense of humor!
nhraven5200::sick man, get a hobby
RunTheBall22_-_::how is that sick? you just don't like the fact that he is embarrassing heat fans with their own ridiculous comments
nba is the worst::Area55andG2 funny how arrogant heat fans are pregame, and postgame are so reflective of last year... 6 fans like this. February 1 2013, 7:44 PM   I don't save them, I click on "most liked", and there they are!
nhraven5200::Its weird how the haters actually have the highest expectations for the Heat lol.
nhraven5200::The media has calmed down since they won.The general public doesnt really affect anything.
nhraven5200::lol, they dont read these comments though, so theres nothing coming around.
NYSportsFan360::well they will certainly hear it from media and general public
NYSportsFan360::"not 1 not2 not 3 not 4 etc." - Lebron James  Lebron set the dynasty expectations so we are holding them accountable to it  but im not a Heat hater, just a Knicks fan
dog_has_fleas::NYSportsFan360 - maybe, maybe not....... either way, Heat acted like they were gonna be so amazing when they put togetheer their team so......what goes around comes around  Well in all honesty, two years together, two Finals and one chip, not like they aren't following up to being a good team. But they won't be good enough to win more than 3 nor will they be together long enough to win more than that.
NYSportsFan360::maybe, maybe not.......  either way, Heat acted like they were gonna be so amazing when they put togetheer their team so......what goes around comes around
nhraven5200::That wasnt a guarantee, he was pumping up the fans.
nba is the worst::WVMounties3 "dammit, we're gonna have to pay off the officials again."    -Lebron 6 fans like this. February 1 2013, 8:36 PM
nhraven5200::youre obsessed
NYSportsFan360::I cant wait for Heat-Knicks in Eastern Conference Finals
nhraven5200::Yea, i think thats who it comes down to.Noone else even close.
jahlove1261::How long is Noah out?? They'll need everyone healthy for at least 2-3 weeks before the playoffs or forget my post above.
NYSportsFan360::Bulls just gotta hope they dont slide down too much in East  they are still gonna be without Rose for awhile longer and are now without Noah for a good while
jahlove1261::D Rose with the bulls might have something to say before it's done.
Dwade2012::Wow!!! you guys are overacting to the heat losing! The heat are always streaky during the regular season and lose to elite teams. U guys do not realize this team is built to make deep playoff runs and win championships. I remember the first year of big 3 era, ppl said that they couldnt beat bulls and celtics, but they beat those teams in the playoffs.
Dwade2012::Your obviously a dumb troll!!!!
nba is the worst::*You're
nba is the worst::8 on 5 is hard to beat.  Say, have you noticed the league has dialed back the ref help for the heat now that lebron got a ring*?
nhraven5200::Heat haters need something to talk about lol
nba is the worst::Heat Dynasty 2010-2020 I think this will be a tightly contested game between two top teams in the East    Heat 95  Pacers 70 7 fans like this. February 1 2013, 4:36 PM
nhraven5200::ok??
NYSportsFan360::I remember there was some talk that Heat would eclipse Bulls 72 game win season  doesnt seem like any team will ever do it, teams take more games off in this era during the season
nhraven5200::It would take massive ref help to do that       nba is the worst
nba is the worst::dro1964 4 fouls whistled on my son LBJ? There will be consequences!    -David Stern 9 fans like this. February 1 2013, 9:45 PM  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag
BavarianM3::I wonder how many heat fans are actually from Miami.
nhraven5200::I wonder why people like you hate so much.
NYSportsFan360::Heat has fans, I live down here in Miami but I am from up North originally  they just are more like the casual type of fans than hardcore fans  they will support but its like they need to be waken up to it........most of their fans prolly cant name all the players on their team, most prolly wouldnt know who Dexter Pittman is  the "U" is the biggest thing around here even tho most didnt go to school there
BavarianM3::knew it. If they watch because of Lebron then they are lebron fans but if they don't know $@%! about the teams history they're fake.
NYSportsFan360::East is not bad  Heat, Knicks, Pacers, Bulls.........and once the latter 2 get fully healthy, I would put any of teams as comparable to the top teams in the West
NYSportsFan360::Knicks already beaten Spurs twice this season  Heat already beaten OKC Thunder in Finals last season, took only 5 games  so.......yea
NYSportsFan360::well more like adding to my original post.......cuz when u make your post too long, then it gets ignored  I know I usually ignore really long posts
Treydey10::You're talking to yourself lol.
nba is the worst::It's amusing how facts bother heat fans.  Lebron IS only a "lockout season champion" - how could anyone claim different?
Treydey10::What's more amusing is your obsession with the Heat.
BavarianM3::Haters are names given out to fans who don't agree with us or support the same team  -Fake Not Born in MIA heat fans
cuco veneno::gay
nhraven5200::FU
MilesAboveYou::The East is garbage. 6th place team in the West has more wins than any team in the East.   Not suprising tho
