darwinislord::I don't get the Monta trade. He was the Warriors most exciting player by far. Now the team is painful to watch.
darwinislord::About the only good thing that can be said about the Warriors is that they are not the Clippers.
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::lol no conversation has hit 3000 tonight all yall teams is weak thunder, bulls finals preview april 1st turn on yo t.v.s mofos ya feel me keep it solid tho!
naahb::casey mack fully predicted linsanity. he basically explained everything that happened in linsanity, and predicted it in 2010!!! http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/2012/03/casey-mack-man-who-completely-predicted.html he's litterally a genious
marat75::Is it Casey Anthony's relative?
antwanarizona::Houston wins... I need a loss for my Suns to stay in contention, but don't see it happening at home. Game MVP- G.Dragic 24 Pts 8 Rbs 11 Ast 1 Blk 2 Stl
DuaneXC::It's too early to be saying that.  The Suns have had our No. lately though I will say thanks for Dragic.  He has pretty much saved our season.
83johnnyj::so I guess no one could explain mycomment on why the warriors are allways so terible .And just like hue jachson when he was the raiders h.c. predicting championships the same thing was said when mark jackson became coach for the warriors .....just saying
Paul06837::The worst part of all this, and the HORRIBLE trage the GSW made, i will have to listen to Mark Jackson commentating again soon....ugh.
slamdrunk47::Mark Jackson is a good coach. Everything around him like the management and the players suck.
83johnnyj::when will this loser of a team ever make the playoffs again ,and will they ever be a championship team again.ever.... 1976 is almost 50 yrs ago ,thats a hell of a drought. whats up with this damn team. i really dont know b-ball but i'm a fan of the warriors ,its just sad to go nowhere forever...
Oaktown1029::all-righty then.:)
slamdrunk47::Warriors should shut down Steph Curry and tank the season. There is some real talent in this years Draft. Their draft pick goes to Utah unless it is a Top 7 pick. Warriors currently are in the 9 slot meaning they lose their pick and get nothing at all. Start next season with a healthy Curry and Bogut plus a college star like Davis, Barnes, Robinson, Lamb, or Kidd-Gilchrist if they are lucky and they can make some noise next year.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::tanking the season is for puss*ies
Oaktown1029::they're 4 games back of the 7nth pick - that's a lot when you consider Detroit has to play much better the rest of the way.
slamdrunk47::Thats why I'm saying tank the season. Lose every game. How awful would it be if the Warriors finish in the 8th or 9th slot and get no draft pick all for Marcus Williams.
markbw1989::At least the Warriors are playing their young guys....so frustrating to watch the Kings lose every night and they still don't play Jimmer.  I say trade Jimmer to the Warriors!
jrich4mvp23::Jimmer sucks
Oaktown1029::How many minutes does JImmer play? I'm surprised, I thought he would play more - Smart seems to have adopted Nellie's philosophy of not playing rookies very much (even Monta sat on the bench most of his rookie year).
Oaktown1029::Warriors think they have problems - the Clippers are in full meltdown mode! that team needs to change something pretty quick and it will probably be Vinnie!
Seven13Hou::Nice win for the Rockets
Albert2007::Warriors are the worst team right now. if they were to play the bobcats they would lose.
WarriorsWarrior::Please don't be ignorant. W's won last night.. on the road... They aint a good tm but ain't worst!
longgrassgrows::....annnnnnnnnnnd...we already lost to the bobcats lol
Szeklinski::Bulls vs Thunder @ 1pm April 1 on ABC!
zachrlee::It's very intriguing what Golden State's doing in giving up Monta Ellis. Are they clearing up the backcourt for a Jeremy Lin return after the season?
slamdrunk47::Lin will make 20x's the money in New York through endorsments and is turning himself into a global star. The Knicks have solid pieces in place, 2 superstars, and a deep roster for the next couple years. Lin would be an idiot to leave that for the hometown Warriors who dumped him already. Basically its not going to happen.
WarriorsGO::Hi troll
WarriorsGO::Bout as good as expected considering we knew he wasn't gonna play this year. Only thing pathetic is ur comments on these boards. We are not expected to win this year anymore. Don't u get that? We are developing our young guys now. Get over it.
Here_Come_The_NDIrish::Quit crying u know the warriors are pathetic hows bogut doin
WarriorsWarrior::David E. Lee took the nite off!
Goon-::When the best player on your team is Nate Robinson you are in huge trouble.
theprodctz::Chandler goin big tonight  #PEDROSPOSSE
SB47-Locker10::Warrriors = DUMPTRUCK NBA TEAM!!!
WarriorsWarrior::dislike!
soloartist11::Houston blows...
HollaIfYaHEMI::Denver blows...and so does Peyton Manning
MavsNation92::Says the Lakers fan LMAO
MavsNation92::Yea Laker fans are re.t.ards and they get excited about beating a Mavs team without 3 starters
soloartist11::F.uck the lakers lol
MavsNation92::my bad then
soloartist11::Lol nope...Nuggets
WarriorsWarrior::One of these years... One of these years... The Warriors will be one of 16 teams that make the playoffs!
WhatsgoodB::Anything can happen my Texans made it to the playoffs waited 8 years to witness it.
airsweeney@comcast.net::tank city baby! Possibly two first round picks..  two second round picks.. tons of experience for klay thompson.. curry and bogut back.. actually making an effort as an organization by losing right now.  All eyes on next season to see if the trade or the heavy artillery tank pays off.
HollaIfYaHEMI::Good trade but the salaries don't match up
WarriorsGO::Trade a pretty girl for u Plz. Your trolling is as bout as bad as ur face
PrettyLillyFlower.::what about brandon rush? or the back up center?  trade rush for lebron james?
WhatsgoodB::Rush for James lololol good idea but the Value dosen't match
WarriorsWarrior::Good game H town!
WhatsgoodB::great game golden state.  cant wait till we face you guys again with Curry and Bogut
disguyman::golden state get no draft picks this year
SB4LlFE::uhh they already have 3 draft picks... 1st round, 2 -2nd round,  and if they land top 7,  that's another pick... so possible of 4 picks
stevesimons4416::if they can somehow land a guy like anthony davis holy $@%! they'd be pretty loaded...unfortunately it looks like curry will never stay healthy which sucks because that guy is fun to watch no matter who your team is
WhatsgoodB::yea it sucks curry is a hell of a player at pg position.
WhatsgoodB::-_- nevermind they out till never year
SweetChippy99::Cant wait till saturday against the Mavericks, I want to see Parsons all up on the grill of Nowitzki, that would be a nice matchup
PrettyLillyFlower.::future 1st ballet HOF &gt; below average to average at best
SweetChippy99::Nowtizki will get his points but Parsons is going to make him work for it.
stevesimons4416::he's the kind of guy that's perfect to defend dirk, strong quick and has length and ups
PrettyLillyFlower.::garbage gs warriors must have very low expectations huh must feel normal to lose so much huh haha ;) no playoffs for a loong long time lol
83johnnyj::like the rockets are a great team HUH!!!
SB4LlFE::uhhh they're tanking trying to get the top 7 picks... just watch out for next year
SweetChippy99::Rockets 48 reb to GS 31 reb, thats huge
SweetChippy99::That is a sexy number right there
HollaIfYaHEMI::Rockets 58 points in the paint
HollaIfYaHEMI::What happened to Dorell Wright...he was supposed to be good this year.
SweetChippy99::Holy sweet baby jesus, all the rockets starters are a +20
stevesimons4416::parsons is a $@%!$@% beast i love that guy i was thrilled when we made the pick but i never expected this out of him
PowerSurgeRules::ROCKETS ARE PLAYING BETTER WITHOUT MARTIN AND LOWRY. GO FIGURE. THESE TWO SHOULD COME OFF THE BENCH WHEN THEY COME BACK.
SweetChippy99::Martin yes and Lowry no, Lowry should be the starter
stevesimons4416::gotta disagree i agree dragic is great and courtney lee is a super athlete and superior defender but lowry and martin are pretty damn good themselves so I think they will all get better playing together and with camby and hopefully get a top 6 seed we don't want the thunder in round 1 even if we've beat em twice this year
gotemcoach92::No they aren't. Maybe Martin gone helped a little, but definitely not Lowry
SweetChippy99::Dragic is playing a ton of minutes, It might wear him down towards the end of the season.
stevesimons4416::yeah it seems McHale only uses Martin if he's got it going offensively. everybody knows he's a bad defender so if he's not making shots and courtney lee is then there is no reason for kmart to be on the court
HollaIfYaHEMI::They beat the Warriors dude...calm down
screwhead2305::they beat the Lakers and the Thunder dude.. and blew out the Warriors
stevesimons4416::exactly but that's a good thing you've gotta beat the teams you're supposed to beat
jmgkismrshowoffs::warriors cant score and their D sucks = a blowouts
Mister.k.::Warriors missed the usual 30 point, 20 rebound output from Biedrins today...
darwinislord::You forgot to mention going 10-10 from the line.
HollaIfYaHEMI::Golden State has a terrible, terrible basketball team.
darwinislord::You're my new hero!
rod567::why is RJ playing 29 min.? HE IS OLD AND DONE!
bobbydagreat::Morris has been looking good tonight.
dreballs::thank you houston. the warriors do not want to be winning games right now with there draft pick in the balance
darwinislord::Monta, I need you!  Come back!  I can change!
screwhead2305::You know your in trouble when Richard Jefferson is your leading scorer
Oaktown1029::that's funny, and true.
swami30::under is a lock
zwhisen::I'm really liking what I see out of Courtney Fortson tonight.
Oaktown1029::not a great game for Ellis tonight ( 6 -17), tomorrow reality will set in for the Buck fans a little bit!
Adrianch01::This game is boring..
jp22222::booooooooooooooooooo
mrkennedy23::boooooooooooooooooooo
HTownRprsntr::Is Lil' Wayne playing for the Rockets now?
bobbydagreat::LOL, looks like it.
13alexrodriguez3::The Warriors should get Roy if he ever comes back, then the Warriors could have: Lee, Roy, Jenkins.
azwildcatfan10234::LEERRRRRRRRROY JENNNNNNNNKINS
HTownRprsntr::Good one
mrkennedy23::That's actually clever.
ChiGuy1002::"I will break you "  Dragic
Mister.k.::nothing surprising about this game. the warriors knowingly tanked their season by going for a stupid trade which somehow sits the player they traded for the rest of the season.  BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
mrkennedy23::Not to mention trading for an overpaid player whose having the worst season of his career.
mrkennedy23::They shouldn't have traded for Capt. Jack in the first place.  It should've been Monta for Bogut straight up.
Mister.k.::jefferson? the other choice was capt. jack!  how about that beidrins?! man!
Mister.k.::booooooooooo
