NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::So the Magic have a new logo on ESPN..........Ok.
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::Nicholson looks like trash in summer league.
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::Vic going to play PG! I knew it.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Why didn't the Magic go after Jrue Holiday!?!?!?!?!?!?
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Yay! Let's draft a shooting guard that isn't very good at shooting or scoring.
chris johnson 558::magic will draft oladipo if they traded afflalo
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Ready for the draft.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::10 days away from the draft. Last prediction.  Orlando trades back &amp; selects Kelly Olynyck OR Cody Zeller.
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::Couldn't agree more. The more &amp; more analyzing facts come out about these picks &amp; knowing what Henny prefers in a player, Olynyck &amp; Zeller are the best picks.......I really hope Henny can convince OKC to trade Jeremy Lamb &amp; their pick(s) Not sure of any other teams that would be worth trading for.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::What annoys me the most is all Dwight had to do is sit out last year, let his back fully heal, let Henny work &amp; Chris Paul, Andre I, Monta Ellis, Josh Smith are all free-agents to team up with him. ALSO the Magic could have used this years 2nd pick to trade for Aldridge/Love.   David Robinson/Tim Duncan-esq. Dwight is an idiot.  Coulda been in 2014: Paul/I dunno/I dunno/Ryan Anderson/Dwight........Big Baby.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Years later, best talent in this years draft will be Cody Zeller. All he needs is some muscle &amp; that will give him confidence.   Same situation &amp; why Stephon Curry/CJ McCullum chose small schools. Sometimes you have a very talented player but it takes a while for their bodies to catch up.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Teams that are potentially tanking or aren't playoff teams next year: 1. Celtics (If KG retires) 2. 76er's (maybe) 3. Cavs (if they draft Noel) 4. Pistons 5. Hawks 6. Bobcats 7. Magic 8. Suns 9. Kings 10. Pelicans 11. Spurs (if Duncan retires) 12. Trail Blazers 13. Jazz  Wonder if Orlando will have the worse team? (or top 3) It's REALLY close.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::There's so many teams planning on tanking next year. Wonder if the Magic even have a chance at getting the number one pick next year.
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::Nupe: I like that Zeller pick up. They say he's "not aggressive" but I think it's just his strength. I think he's a late developer. 2-3yrs he'll be a great PF. He has a higher ceiling than Nicholson, hands down. More talent &amp; athleticism.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Trade Afflalo for Butler/Bledsoe (maybe #2 pick)  Trade #2 draft pick to OKC for their #12, #29 picks &amp; Jeremy Lamb.   Next years starting line-up PG - Nelson Bledsoe(Bledsoe starts by trade deadline SG- Jeremy Lamb Moore/Lamb SF- Harris Harkless/Jones PF- Big Baby Nicholson/Cody Zeller(OKC's #12 pick) C- Vucevic O'Quinn
chris johnson 558::you both are idiots one of oladipo or  mclemore is way better than lamb and zeller
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::chris johnson 558 - you both are idiots one of oladipo or  mclemore is way better than lamb and zeller  Dude just go away........No one likes you.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Wow. I wish there was a way you could lose your right to comment for such stupid comments.
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::I actually like this a lot. My only concern would be Zeller dropping to the 12th spot. I'm not sure he'll be available at 12. I'd rather Hennigan trade this years 2nd pick for a high top 10 pick in next years draft.....I doubt the Clippers demand the 2nd pick. That is a great trade for both sides that makes a lot of sense IF Paul resigns.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::This is such a sucky draft &amp; they're gona be TONS of teams tanking for a top 5 pick next year.  Rob's luck &amp; options are dwindling by the day.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::2014-15 Starting line-up/Roster (Fingers crossed) PG - Bledsoe Nelson/(Not sure) SG - Wiggins (Not sure)/(Not sure) SF - Harris Harkless/Jones PF - (Not sure) Nicholson C - Vucevic (Not sure)/O'Quinn
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::2013-14 Starting line-up PG - Nelson Bledsoe (Bledsoe starts by trade deadline) SG - Harkless /Moore/Lamb SF - Harris Jones/2nd Rd pick PF - Big Baby Nicholson/Harrington (Maybe) C - Vucevic O'Quinn/Rookie FA
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Andrew Nicholson is not a starter.  I'd rather Harkless play SG.   Tobias is the future. He will be an above average SF within the next couple years.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Where are all the Magic fans!?!?!?!?  Also- I agree with Boo-bie Miles, the Magic will hands down select Vic O with the 2nd pick.....if they don't trade the 2nd pick.  There just isn't anybody comparing to his motor, athleticism, length, desire to be great &amp; the Magic' needs. His jumpshot &amp; ability to change speeds/directions is in question but his form looks good &amp; I think he's smart enough to correct his angles on the court. He's basically a smaller Maurice Harkless.
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::I wish Chris Paul would just hurry up &amp; re-sign with the Clippers so the Magic can complete this Bledsoe trade! I'm hearing the Magic are throwing in the 2nd pick for Bledsoe, also. I doubt there's any truth to that. That seems like overkill. The Clippers don't really have a choice but to accept Orlando's trade proposal because I don't think there's anyone else in the league that can offer them a better deal.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Even if they do throw in the 2nd pick, it's not a bad deal. Considering McLemore &amp; Vic O aren't #2 picks in any other drafts.  Bledsoe will surprise a lot of people. All his bad habits are due to his youth or bad coaching/development. If Bledsoe was in this years draft (which he could be because he's so young) he'd be hands down the best PG available, warranting him the 2nd pick overall.
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::That's true. But in my opinion, Hennigan will select Victor Oladipo. I don't even think it's a question.
chris johnson 558::i have started to think that nupe is a friend of henny every thing nupe has said henny made it
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Look for this number 2 pick to be traded for Bledsoe if they can't straight up trade Afflalo for him &amp; Butler.  If he keeps the pick I'll think he'll draft Victor O or Anthony Bennett......He might even reach for Cody Zeller. In my opinion.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::That, or maybe I just know a little bit about basketball.   Bledsoe's game resembles Tony Parker, Jacque Vaughn &amp; Russell Westbrook's games. The same pedigree of PG's Henny was groomed to scout for in San Antonio &amp; OKC.  They penetrate the lane with ease &amp; can knock down that mid-range jumper off the bounce.
chris johnson 558::but oladipo is great guy reminds me of d wade we need him
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::Dwayne Wade? Really? The very thing that makes Dwayne Wade great is his ability to change speeds &amp; change directions, Victor isn't very good at none of that. Nupe is right. You know nothing about basketball.
chris johnson 558::i hope when you see him you will change your mind
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::The Magic in trade talks for Eric Bledsoe  HAHAHAHA!  I told you so you idiot Magic fans! Where are you?
chris johnson 558::no 2 pick and afflalo for bledsoe is way too much
chris johnson 558::i saw it on twitter
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::They're not giving up a number 2 pick.....Are you slow?
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Henny, draft Bennett or trade the pick. Plain &amp; simple.
chris johnson 558::porter is better we need scorers like mclemore
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::Bennett has a lot more upside so I see his point. Also, Porter isn't really a scorer.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Henny, trade this years pick for next years top 10-15 pick!   Ii dunno who's wants a top pick in this years draft &amp; wants to give up next years pick but it could happen........naw, I'm lyin.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::The Magic should trade this years pick. I would say draft McLemore but he's not a 1st or 2nd pick in any other draft.   Not sure if Noel is worth it either considering next years top 10 draft picks.  As a Duke Almun/fan, I 'd love Parker to stay at Duke. But as a Magic fan, I'd love for him to be in next years draft. I'd pick him over Wiggins.
chris johnson 558::lol no way anyone has a brain would draft jabari over wiggins
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Yea. Now go away.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Paul &amp; Dwight in Orlando this summer? Ha!
chris johnson 558::pg cp3  sg afflalo  sf mclemore  pf tobias harris   c nikola vucevic   good team
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::*smh* You know nothing about basketball.
chris johnson 558::they will play for the hawks and by the way we don't need howard again
Navy Squid45::Nupe I didn't know you were a GM
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::So I think I'm a GM because I'm giving common sense thoughts on the Magics next move? Ok.
chris johnson 558::http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/playoffs/2010/columns/story?columnist=hollinger_john&amp;page=magicsweepgame4-100510
chris johnson 558::can we trade afflalo and big baby for a pick and sign jr smith ?
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::JR. Smith? *smh*
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Lame.
chris johnson 558::he will be great for the magic
Navy Squid45::Magic better not draft Noel just saying I'm fine with an other pick in the top 5 except Noel
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Because you don't know or understand basketball. It's cool though. You'll learn.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::if the Magic traded this year pick for an additional top 10 unprotected pick, who would they trade with?
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Screw drafting a PG. Just sign Bledsoe this off-season.   The kid is ballin.
chris johnson 558::hey nupe you are the same guy who said that we should draft the idiot carter williams
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::So what's your reason for drafting Burk??? Because all the experts on the internet suggested it?!?!? Get THE FO Here  Not about to waste my time arguing with bum a.s.s fans who think they know basketball.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::A young PG that's slowly improving &amp; developing as a distributor &amp; has great size for a PG? Yea. His ceiling is high. He has A LOT of little things to work on that will potentially make him a great NBA PG.  He was showing promise late in the season &amp; I thought it was gona come to a "point" to where he would be considered a top pick BUT his stock fell off due to that last game he played.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Smart was a reach so why the hell would the Magic go after Burke? Burke is Jameer Nelson 2.0  I think its Noel or trade the pick. Andrew Harrison is better than Smart &amp; Burk combined. He'd be a GREAT pick if Orlando doesn't land the #1 pick in 2014 for Wiggins.   Henny might go for McLemore but there's SO much talent in next years draft so I'd say Noel or trade.
chris johnson 558::wtf if burke is jameer nelson two its ok jameer was anallstar and good player noel is the next kwame brown
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::....are idiots.
Navy Squid45::But Noel has an injury he doesn't appeal to me at all who knows if hell be the same after his injury and he wouldn't even play right away we'd have to wait until he gets healthy again not to mention we have a center in Nikolai Vucevic
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::You guys.......
Cleats and Dirt::Go Magic!
Navy Squid45::Any magic fans in here? I'm hearing we might take trey Burke the first pick what do you guys think?
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Hell no. Jameer Nelson 2.0
Cleats and Dirt::I like that pick.
Lebronsurpassjordan::juwan howard got 3 rebounds and 12 points shooting above 50 % at age 40.  That is saying something and then mike miller been scoring over 20 points since he was starting, man this team is good.
voiceover310::Mike Miller's wife is gorgeous. And a really cool girl. Met her at california pizza kitchen in thousand oaks, CA. The rock on her finger should have it's own zip code.
voiceover310::Anyone need heat tickets for games 1&amp;2 send me an email. nitelite08@yahoo.com Not trying to make any money. Just can't make the first round this year.
Kelvs1751::I send you an email broh
voiceover310::Sent you my info
method305::WHAT UP HEATERZ!!! Where the hell is everyone today?
Aicyla22::playoff board
fins fan13::can't wait for sunday here we go again heat time
digimon.emperorv3::<b> HEAT NATION </b>
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Noel or BUST! Trade the pick if its number 2 or higher.
JakeSollazzo::Why Noel... He is undersized!!
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::He's a 6'10 19yr old kid.......  So was Dwight, Shaq, Duncan, Hakeem, Garnett, etc.  Moron.
Mperator::Best team versus worst, on the last day of the regular season. LOL.
michol0808::Dam... It seems like role players are playing exceptionally well too
northcuba intertube repair guy::Go Bucks
lebron872076::Go Buckeyes
Appheel::Bobcats &gt; Magic
HeatManZE.......::herrroo?
thetrickbob::on ze playoff board
cbbaseball19.::He knows better
Aint Bout dis Life Alycia Edition::GooId morning HEATZ NATION! Itz yo boy Killa Killa!
thetrickbob::we are on the playoff board
cbbaseball19.::go to the playoff board
Im David Stern oy vey::<b> <b></b></b>
