Astrohusky::<b>test</b>
originata3::.
NBASantas::If the Kings make the playoffs like Tyreke seems to think possible, will the Cavs get their 1st round pick? Can anyone explain this/point me to an explanation? (From the JJ Hickson trade: http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2012/02/king-of-christmas.html)
mcshumway::Not too surprised by the good play of Thomas.  With how excellent he was at the combines, he should have gone higher in the draft.  The Kings got a steal.  They've been winning against the bottom half, but it looks like Thomas has a future.  The Kings have a glut in the backcourt, particularly at the point, so maybe they should go shopping.  I would want to get rid of Thornton myself,  but maybe a trade with Utah?  Utah has the opposite problem: loaded with young frontcourt players and a starting point guard who is underperforming.  Jimmer seems the odd man out at the moment, but he is popular in Utah.  Unless they are going to rectify that, maybe the Kings should explore trading him to Utah before his stock loses too much value.
Snakes22::F c u k Thornton!!!  Jazz would never take that garbage chucker!
EastSacTay::That might be a great idea!  Jimmer to Utah sincxe the fan base there is so in love with him.
nunya2414::Hornets = dead franchise
PrinceOfDaSouf::You crazy we are gonna get Anthony Davis fool and another stud
Astrohusky::How to distinguish a Jimmer fanboi from a Kings fan:  Jimmer fanboi:  why isn't Jimmer playing more?  Kings fan:  why isn't Jimmer playing better?
benw023::why is tyreke and thorton shooting percentage suck and no one cares about that.  I have watched alot of Kings games on other fox networks and the anouncers complain about how no one wants to pass, and how selfish this team is. The most unassisted team in the league.   you never hear it with the kings anouncers.  Makes you think mmmmmmm..... They need a coach that can teach them to play together and forget about egos.  I've learned something about jimmer he is unselfish maybe the tyreke, isiah and thornton should take a notice.  Get rid of smart hes a cancer.
joshsy77::You missed his point.  Evans will walk away from the game with an impressive 20 points many nights, and he takes 25 shots at the rim to get those 20 points.  Meanwhile Jimmer gets benched when his averages are generally much higher than his team-mates averages.  What he said about the lack of assists on the Kings - that's a fact and not an opinion.
Kingsfan4208::I wish there was a dislike botton I could hit, you stupid post deserves it.   The kings are playing much better team ball since Smart took over, Tyreke's assists are up, Thomas is the best playmaker on the team, constantly setting up other players.  As far as Jimmer goes, he plays scared, if he he can get his confidence up maybe then he can get some pt.
Zion8745::by better do you mean all-star caliber? because he was scoring efficiently and had consecutive games of 20, 19, 14 and 15 and got benched after a 5 point game? I dont get it. And if this win was a "great" win for the kings then you might as kiss them goodbye if this is how they continue to play the rest of the season. I hope you will still be a "kings fan" when they are in either seattle or anaheim next year... lol
randymossallday::when cousins and Evans play well the rest of the pieces fall into place.
randymossallday::if only they could find a quality guard for the backcourt that compliments evans...thorton and Salmons are not starters in this league...though
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
cooptothehoop19::Coach Smart in his postgame comments said that even when Thornton is shooting poorly he will still leave him in because he never knows when he will hit a shot.  Ah ok, so he can go 3 for 12 and not worry about getting taken out especially when he is playing in front of his mom.  Im just saying give someone else a chance if someone is struggling donte or jimmer are good shooters and should get the chance to play if someone is struggling shooting
benw023::agreed I think smart is an idiot and he has a personal agenda with Jimmer.
cooptothehoop19::Defense? Thornton is a offensive guy, the only one who plays defense is john salmons and reke when he feels like it.  Dont tell me Thornton is in there for his defense
Maficanjoe06::and defense? jimmer is such a downgrade on the defensive side of the ball. You give mt23 mins you will get production on both sides
morasrob::this is bullsh!t cause id much rather see jimmer take thorntons minutes, not cause im a jimmer lover, but because thornton is a garbage ball player, definition of a streaky shooter, he provides nothing but a decent FT%
Maverick Man 3::experienced sports handicapper.... got 4 money picks for tomorrow! if interested let me know asap... bakkerwillson@gmail.com
magic1jordan2::And again, thanks Mr. Stern for making decisions in the better interest of the Hornets.  Who knows where your team would be if you did'nt nix that first trade offer.  Good work you $@%!$@% moron.  job well done.... idiot.
jeaylee::Kings need to start Isaiah.
EastSacTay::I like the idea but I also love the energy he brings off the bench.  They don't have to start him but they have to finish with him!
UWashington253::ISAIAH THOMAS IS THE ANTI LeBRON!!!!
Metta.World_Hate::Your team sucks, Stern.  You are a failure as an owner, a failure as a commisioner, and a failure as a human being.
Zion8745::He doesnt own the team loser, the nba owners own the team. Damn your stupid.
j3asays::WOW...It is pretty CLEAR that  Isaiah Thomas won this game for the Kings.  Look at it this way Kings... Jimmer might be a bust but Isaiah might be the biggest steal of the 2nd round.
JohnQAdams76::Jimmer goes 2-3, with one assist. The guy he was guarding scored twice, once on a fast break (wasn't his guy) and once because he got posted up. Why the $@%! does Smart take him out? And don't give me any of this "the Kings are 3-0 when they sit Jimmer BS" because the last three teams the Kings have played have had a combined 26-44 record, thats a .371 winning percentage. They should have won these games by a lot more than they did. I have no problem sitting Jimmer if he isn't playing well, but I can't find any correlation between Jimmer's minutes and his playing well on the court. He played more when he is struggling, and then when he catches fire for two weeks you start sitting him?! Just because he missed the game winner against the Jazz? He was 3-5 from 3-point and put up 15 points! Wtf??   And all you IT fans, thank you for helping us Jimmer fans realize how annoying homers can be. Seriously, get off his tiny dik
benw023::i agree down with smart.  lets revolt
newspress1::I'm a Kings fan. I'm sure Jimmer will get more opportunities and I'm sure that he is growing into his role on this team. The best thing for him right now is to be on a functional team that matches up with opponents and wins games.  This is not about IT, this is about Thornton's health and his ability to match-up against NBA shooting guards.
Enormous Nads::You mad, breh? He sits because he's a defensive liability, and IT has been doing phenominal. I'm not a killer fan of either, but objectively you go with the lineup that is bringing best results, and IT was also bringing a huge spark off the bench.   I don't care if Jimmer wins, I care if the Kings win. This isn't the Sacramento Jimmers, $@%!$@.
Marcumm::John I understand your frustration. I really want to see my jimmer get more time as well. But it was either him or IT since it wasn't working having them both on the floor. With how IT was playing tonight I can understand why coach kept him in. I'm just happy that jimmer played solid during the time he was in...that's better than no time. Don't worry he will get his minutes and you can bet he's using this as motivation.
JohnQAdams76::Did you even read my post? Jimmer has been a net positive. for the past two weeks. I know because I watch every time he is playing D because everyone always knocks it. In this game the guy he was guarding scored 2 points in one on one situations, Jimmer scored 5. Every game for the past two weeks except one he has outscored his man.
tomas1014::IT doing his thing again and again and again
bobbyvara::Isiah Thomas is REAL!!! Keep doin yo thang boy!
UK_Basketball_for_life::Boogie Cousins living up to his full potential. WTG and keep it up.
1vue::thank you kings you made me $182 tonight.....thats was close.....
david508540::Alright Loyal, talk to ya after the Minnesota game. 4 in a row, lets go KINGS!!
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::No Loves gives them a great shot at 4 in a row. Good talking to you, talk to you later. GN to you and anybody else here. GO KINGS!
david508540::I cant believe my eyes, the Kings are playing like a team. Smart is making some headway on this young team. Cousins is playing and acting like a pro.
j3asays::They play as a team when isaiah Thomas is in the game. A real PG.
david508540::When I swithched on the game right before the half, and Kings were down by 17, I thought they would fight back but to win by eight shows character on the road, even if it was against the Hornets.
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::I agree
david508540::Did you see Smart runnin up and down the sideline? He was sweatin as much as the players, he yelled at Tyreke for pickin up his dribble also. Better than Paul sitting down playing with his tie.
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::yep, he has been better than paul
david508540::Haha, the problem was Wesphal, glad we didnt trade Cousins.
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::I know, that would have been a big mistake
david508540::He's finally just playing to his instincts and Smart is coaching him up. Rebound and defense. He gets his points at the rim like a big man should. No foul trouble either, am I dreaming?
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::i know, it's great. he has been an all star since westpaul left
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::COUSINS IS PLAYING LIKE A BEAST!
david508540::Did anyone hear Smarts comments about Jimmer? He says Why do the teams who are playing well and not starting their rooks hear no complaining, but teams who struggle get hate mail for not starting their rooks. Jimmer needs to learn and wont get playing time till he learns the pro game. I like it. Smart said he is going to start who ever helps the team win. Jimmer gotta work harder and watch Isaiah run the show.
benw023::Marcumm come on its obviously a jimmer thing.  He has fans nation wide who cares.  IT is great but not the fan base.  your smarter than that
Marcumm::How was this a commentabout  jimmer?? He was referring to his rooks not starting which includes Isaiah. Sounds like your making it into an anti jimmer thing. Btw great play by IT tonight!
david508540::The energy he brings is undeniable. Plus he runs the offense pretty good for a rookie.
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::Jimmer has been playing better recently, which s why he should get more than 10 min, but IT has been impressive
brieman272::just thinking why in the hell are the hornets rebuilding. just look at the draft picks they had (not free agents) paul, david west, marcus thornton, darren collison..and yet they are depleted and in rebuilding mode....something bsides "dont want to play in nola" is not right with the nba
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::come on kings, only 4.5 GB from 8th place lol
david508540::Salmons starting at PG then Thomas coming in to finish up seems like its working.
richie5k::My Maryland boy Vasquez showed out and so did my BBN fam Big Cousins.
david508540::Thompson was playing ok tonite? 76ers beat LAL, yeah baby!!!
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::Clippers won, :(
BigP-314::Anyone know what happened to Thompson? Only 17 mins? Is Hayes back to starting lineup?
BigP-314::Ok thanx,  I missed the game and just saw the boxscore. So he is still in the starting 5 for tomorrow?
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::He started tonight, i would think he starts tomorrow.
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::foul trouble
Metro2010::Hornets = best tank job ever.  #1 overall pick, here we come!
DaleHammers3::Cousins has 16 double double's so far already in just 24 games this year 67% of his games he double doubles
DaleHammers3::actually 23 games, he sat out a game so makes it even better :D
DaleHammers3::247 rebounds so far
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::BEAST
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::3rd in double doubles behind love and howard
DaleHammers3::they average like 10 minutes/game more than Cousins btw
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::Good thing we don't have members of the tyler honeycutt fanclub here getting angry, he barely plays.
david508540::If thats a dig at Jimmer then yeah, we get it. Pretty funny.
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::yes it was
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::i hope people get this joke
TDUSM4::hornets blow a 20 point lead.. we suck man.
gt1master_ike::I predicted earlier  the hornets would blow it but i hoped i was wrong. Their offensive deficiencies always kills them in at least 1 quarter a game and tonight it was the 4th
hawksfan4lyfe::IT&gt;Jimmer!
Marcumm::agreed....for now.
saratogajon::Get Smart, Keith.... Jimmer sucks, just like Jeremy Lin.... trade him to the Nix now, so Jeremy and Jimmer can light up the Garden for years to come... that would show him you're the Coach!
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::DMC: 15ppg, 11rpg, 1apg, 1.4bpg, 1.1spg, .451 FG%, .717 FT% I would love to see how he has done post wespaul alone
DaleHammers3::lol just look at his last 3 games hes only getting better and better every week
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::yep
DaleHammers3::thats why i said when he matures hes still a kid in his 2nd year
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::he isn't even in his prime yet, he is going to keep getting better
DaleHammers3::im actually in awe of how good he can be when he actually matures and comes into his own
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::very true
boogettie::David Stern really messed up the Hornets.
bryantlives::Yeah, that was a joke.  maybe gordon makes the difference though
DaleHammers3::i dunno.... Cousins turned em around rather well lol
bryantlives::yeah, just trying to be PC
8180MAURICE::TAKES MORE THAN ONE GUY TO TURN AROUND THE HORNETS.
Carlos1571571024::Hornets are keeping it real
8180MAURICE::AT 4-21?  C'MON MAN!!!!!!  THEY'RE BETTER THAN THAT.
8180MAURICE::THAT'S TRUE.  I SAW WHERE THEY WERE SMASHING SAC EARLY, BUT THEY MUST HAVE GAVE UP WHEN THEY CAME BACK.
DaleHammers3::their record disagrees any time you let the Kings of all teams come back like that and crush you you really are as good as your record says
8180MAURICE::LOOKS LIKE THE HORNETS REALLY MISS CP3 AND D-WEST.  4-21 IS TERRIBLE.  NOT ACCEPTABLE.
TyrekeTheKing13::good game kings have a pair of good rooks if they get more opportunities on the floor mainly jimmer but 3 in a row GO KINGS!!!!
razrbaks5::he just needs to keep work on his shooting and wait wait on drive and kickouts by tyreke, marcus and IT
bryantlives::Yeah, it is only a matter of time.  it will allow Evans and Cousins to cut down on there forced shots when he opens up the floor
bryantlives::hard to complain when the team is playing so good.  he will just add another element when he is ready
DaleHammers3::man, we all keep saying Jimmer is better ( im guilty too) but IT is playing damned good ball night in and night out
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::last 2 games for DMC, 49 points and 39 boards. BEAST MODE
danielh8686::Feed the BEAST!!!
DaleHammers3::name anyone with better stats last 2 games if you can
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::nobody
DaleHammers3::everyones missing something HUGE tonight about Cousins... 2 PF's total not a single one in the 2nd half
bryantlives::he has been doing a lot better with his foul management lately.  must like staying on th floor  haha
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::true
danielh8686::its so nice to have a win streak! keep it up guys!
jokerfan_21::If cousins isn't an all-star then I don't know what it takes to make! 3 in a row!
jokerfan_21::^couldn't agree more! and the best part cousins is only 21
DaleHammers3::him at 4 and JT at 5 is such a devastating combo
jokerfan_21::Build around reke and cousins! me and my friend always bet on bynum vs cousins and he's cousins keeps doing great! love it
DaleHammers3::Bynum has nothing on Cousins
Psychrates::For damn sure. Kings have never  had a better drafted player in Sacramento history. Trade 'Reke!!!
DaleHammers3::nah, keep Reke, trade Thornton/Greene/Garcia though
DaleHammers3::he shoulda been 20 boards again tonight
Az1atic187::3rd straight, went on lunch late just to catch the game, well worth it!
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::SAC could very well win 4 in a row with Love out for Minny
DaleHammers3::if they can just keep playing like they have last 3 games they could maybe win 3/4 this road-trip
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::the next road trip has CHI, NY, and MIA. Ouch
DaleHammers3::ah, well i meant 3/4 for the 4 game stretch sorry, counting tonight btw
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::they have 2 games this road trip, the longer one is not this one
Astrohusky::LOL IT 60th pick.  aka 59 losers who passed on IT.
terpsravensmavs::these 4th quarters are just so bad that it makes it  suspicious to whether or not they are doing it on purpose
bryantlives::Kings winning with Defense first, who would have thunk it
