WestCoastSuperiority::Idiots, Lillard is averaging 6.6 assists a game.  That's 12th in the NBA.  You're really saying he doesn't pass with one game as evidence?
pops7555::This team is BAD!  terrible makeup with these players and Collins is forever making lineup changes. thank goodness our draft pick this year is lottery protected!
Laangels5824::Is that a misprint? Lillard had 0 assists and 0 rebounds?
sk0dawgs::so we have a non rebounding PF and a non passing PG.
671niners::It's just one game.
Meyers Leonard::My ankle is fine.
Kobelies247::Playoffs?
Rip City Forever::Clippers ain't gunna do sh-it
Meyers Leonard::Clippers will choke there.
nargash::Anybody who is talking sh$$t about lillard not having 1 ast and at the same time calls Wesbrick a PG has no business to talk about basketball..!!
PortBlazerFan22::Looking at the stat box tells me that Batum was doing the distributing and not Lillard. That's why Lillard had 0 assists while Batum had 8.
mdr2855::Blazers!!
WestCoastSuperiority::It's true that Lillard didn't have any assists in this game.  However, he is averaging 6.6 assists a game this year, good for 12th in the nba.  Not bad for a point guard who has been in the league for only 2 months.
BillWaltonsHair::Hickson is badddazzz
EnricoMeli::I'm not sure why people keep saying that Portland is rebuilding ... look at all the guys on the team who are being paid: LMA, Batum, Matthews ... three guys who get big money should be able to give this team more wins than that. And they are getting very good play both from their rookie PG and Hickson. This team's goal should be to make the playoffs. Anything short of that should be a failure.
Miami-cHeat::There bench still kind of sucks.. They have to play the starters 40 minutes and lose some games due to fatigue.  I guess when they go into a slump people assume they are still bad.
sitewolf::I don't get to see the Blazers much...Lillard has been such a great story, but....how did he go an entire game with not a single assist?!
Rip City Forever::Man so many people hate the blazers. I was on Roy's article considering retirement and all I could sense is hate. Where does this come from lol are we a bad guy team. I always thought the blazers were generally like able. But idk the severity of trolling that most of these trolls have
sk0dawgs::for your health, dont go back to that board
sk0dawgs::i was on there, bunch of uneducated 13 year olds. not worth wasting your time. most people have NO idea what they are talking about because they never really watched the blazers
angelrod1977_banned2::I'm suprised we are over  or around .500 I figured it would of been a little more worse. Need some bench play though. I wonder if any trades will be made. Probably should just wait and get free agent action after this season. Good game Sixers. Go Blazers, NY next up.
blazenduck::the bench just needs more action(virgins)
sk0dawgs::i would be offended if i was a portland starter getting burnt out or injured and they made no attempt to better the bench
angelrod1977_banned2::That's true. Just don't see the point of messing up the team too much for a short term fix. You never know. I like our starting 5 a bunch though!
sk0dawgs::ha really price is the one i don't really mind. jeffries makes me wanna break anything in my vicinity
angelrod1977_banned2::Well our bench is rookies and first year Euros, so it's no suprise that they struggle. The min thing will kill them down the stretch, so some relief would be nice. I cant stand Price, I want him off the team. Portland is re-building so far so good.
ganggreengaingreen_oww::aldridge is like 6 in the league in points. guys a beast, and lillard was lighting it up. batum has been the most underrated player in the west, the blazers are decent.
Beaver Believer17::Thank u for this win its been a tuff day for my beavs Go Blazers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Beaver Believer17::I know some times Riley is a great cooach and sometimes hes terrible
sk0dawgs::those last 2 possessions where they got sacked were pathetic. oh well they had a good season. (aside from losing to my dawgs that is).
sk0dawgs::shoulda put in mannion. not good to be rigid with who plays
ganggreengaingreen_oww::turner 4 jrich 5 wright 2.... thats some bs. jrue cannot do it alone, one of these guys needs to make some plays. young 10 off the bench is decent. but these guys need to produce.
namebrand1152::Spencer Hawes is a chode and needs to go choke on his mullet.
ganggreengaingreen_oww::besides the last 3 of course
namebrand1152::1-6 shooting in the 4th quarter. That 1 make was in the final seconds when Portland already had it locked up. Pathetic that Doug Collins kept him in and kept letting him shoot.
ganggreengaingreen_oww::i honestly thought he was decent, clogged up the lane on portland drives and took some open jumpers when all the offense was doing was overpassing. lavoy was playing great though, wouldve liked to see him close it out
ganggreengaingreen_oww::lol mustve found a barbershop out in portland... dorell probably had em cut before they left GS
armanioc9::I love portland.. but not their nba team, I'm mad because they have the talent but unfortunately they suck:/
angelrod1977_banned2::Meds....take em...they help.
ouchmeloisoutnowwhat::Portland is really a "D" League team but they let them play in the NBA   -Clyde Drexler
tgreen21::Said the clippers fan. Talk about d league! Where have u been???
sk0dawgs::rooting for the lakers
sk0dawgs::good one u so funny
CoreyGallagherArt::Second game in a row Philly hasn't reached 20 in the fourth with both games ripe for the taking
ganggreengaingreen_oww::it took them at least half the quarter to realize they needed to stop taking jumpers and get to the lane. when holiday was out they couldnt get a good look and just wasted too many possessions
armanioc9::Goodbye buddies.... good luck the rest of the season..
sk0dawgs::who would bet money on this game?
sk0dawgs::justify your addiction with nonsense proofs if you want. whatever floats your boat
legendjr_27::Q. Who would watch this game if you had no money on it? A. Real fans Q. Anyone else? A. Morons Q. So therefore real fans= morons? A. Exactly!
blazenduck::$@%!$@%'s/ addict's
armanioc9::Clippers all the way cause the clippers are contenders!
sk0dawgs::~bandwagon fan logic
WestCoastSuperiority::It only took them 30 years too!
ouchmeloisoutnowwhat::yes but you have not won a championship in over 30 years and you had to bring Bill Walton who was crippled to do it
ganggreengaingreen_oww::i hate that we lose these games.
Kobe Is Bad::The curse of Kwame Brown strikes again
blazenduck::are the biggest hatters  on here gamblin junkies .............. not fans .........sad  they should turn to drugs they always cover the spread
ouchmeloisoutnowwhat::It really must be exciting watching a team who is fighting to stay 500 and gets knock out of the playoffs yearly in the first round. Wow blazer fan you all have some team there
tgreen21::Better than the clippers who were the laughing stock of the league for years and only cuz stern is a d-bag that they are even relevant. Enjoy cuz it'll end sion
depinach::They are better than our sorry team
armanioc9::Sorry portland fans... maybe in 10 years you'll have a good and competitive team..  Go clippers!
tgreen21::Sorry clip fans, we understand after years if no one knowing you had a team, you don't know how to act. You'll be back to the basement soon!
blazenduck::rip city, rap city ......... bust a bucket, bust,bust a bucket...............lifer
sk0dawgs::...or lakers depending on who's winning this year, right bandwagon fan?
angelrod1977_banned2::Go Bandwagon....choo choo!
Popitoff_2.0::Said the Clipper "fan."
back off bro::0 assists for lillard and he is a pg.
angelrod1977_banned2::He played off the ball this game. no big deal. his averages tell it.
philsphan714::his team got the W. He helped
BaySports226::Which generally never happens.  Chill out.
Popitoff_2.0::He got the W.
junboogie::Man this is the 5th game in the last 3 days I have lost on a last sec shot
Kobe Is Bad::Sixers really suck without Bynum
back off bro::lillard&gt;any other rookie.  is there any question on who gets roy?
BaySports226::Good job Portland.  Now if we could improve that pitiful road record...
DISandDAT6::Yeah buddy go Blaaaaazers
armanioc9::Hell yeah portland sucks... it's the true
angelrod1977_banned2::It'll be ok....mommy has a baba for ya.
WestCoastSuperiority::How much money have you lost on sportsbetting in your lifetime?
erinbaby1997::Haha, shot clock unplugged, indeed!
License to Lillard::GG Philly fans.
philsphan714::I feel so bad for Jrue Holiday
armanioc9::Hell yeah!
300greekspartans::please no threes
namebrand1152::Why again did Jrue not take a single shot since 7 minutes left in the game?
angelrod1977_banned2::Batum did actually
76ers Fan9027::who knows they put batum on him i guess that messed him up
300greekspartans::portland all day $@%!$@
Popitoff_2.0::Lillard locked him up :)
IggyIsClutch::Nah he had a few open shots that he didnt take
just let your soul glow::i'm out my fellow Sixer fan brethren keep your heads up
DaPhillyFanatic::im just gonna keep saying out best player who is our anchor is hurt lol
CoreyGallagherArt::I hate this team
armanioc9::Clippers all the way to the championship... this portland team is a mess
back off bro::jrue holliday almost has a triple double and he has a +/- score of -107.  fail.
Usarmy236::U DONT NEED A THREE THERE
philsphan714::Doug Collins is THE worst play caller in the NBA
Usarmy236::WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
armanioc9::Better fail phily and then foul idiots
andrewkarkenny::according to the box score holiday has a +/- of -107. Damn he is terrible! lol
mxmx23::Don't worry, I picked up on the sarcasm
zzzzzips::you dont say... lol
DaPhillyFanatic::that cant be right
