Paul96857::Yeah it was back when Ricky Nattiel played over there. Lin was there too. http://bit.ly/xGmF3d
CandySparker::Mike Conley isn't lonely.
The_Boomtown_Rats::?
screwhead2305::Scola is a good 4th or 5th option on a team, because he is good around the rim but its sad how we havent devolped a big man to take scolas minutes away.. why did Yao have to break his feet damn it
utclindsay::Go Grizz!!! The Sun Devil alums leading their teams to victory tonight!!!  How ' bout James Harden and Lionel Hollins!!!!!
Chompster777::Texans &gt; Titans proven fact
gotigersmemphis87::Nope
royboy1978::Nope.
The_Boomtown_Rats::Go Memphis
royboy1978::Two Memphis games I will be watching/listening to tomorrow night.  Grizz-Nets and Tigers-Green Wave.  Hope that both teams will come out with a W on the left side of the ledger.
The_Boomtown_Rats::I hear the Tigers are about to sign another Juco player
tyzdilly1978::What's the deal with Kmart? Player/coach problems?
Espn Jocky::Maybe the Titans can get a wildcard spot
Titans Yemen::AFC South next season belong to us.
royboy1978::I don't want a Wildcard Spot.  I want for us to win the AFC South.  We could have won it last year but we cooged it on so many levels.
royboy1978::Glad the Grizz didn't disappoint on this Valentines Day for this fan that truly loves them!!!!!
nu life::Thanx for the therapy on Sunday Dr royboy.  Just wait until Tuesday u told me.  Can u put this one on my tab, I'll need it the rest of the year.
nu life::Awesome!
royboy1978::No problem and the tab will remain open.
Espn Jocky::R the Titans going to sign Peyton Manning ?
Espn Jocky::Locker.......I thought he would start but ugh.....They didn't let him
Espn Jocky::Maybe i mean its not gonna be easy
royboy1978::QB aint the problem imho.  We lost Kenny Britt due to an injury this season and Chris Johnson wasn't playing to his potential.  Those two are the ones we need to succeed in order for the Titans to succeed.  Also, the D needs more discipline. If they get their acts together, we will be a playoff team next year.
Espn Jocky::Dude...what r u talking about Locker and Hasselbeck.....Locker didn't even get to play last season
gotigersmemphis87::Locker played great in limited time throwing 4 tds with 0 picks
royboy1978::He played in a few games.
mikesjen71::think locker will be starter
royboy1978::Why would we?  We have Locker and Hasselbeck.
vinhstuh::The Rockets need to trade Scola and Martin before their stock plummets..
Chompster777::HAHAHAHAH houston!
Adrianch01::HAHA Your FACE!
royboy1978::If you do talk about football, talk ONLY about the Titans.  Otherwise, go somewhere else with that convo.
royboy1978::What's to talk about?  They suck!!!
josh142209::I'm going to talk about the Cowboys
Espn Jocky::Now the Hornets still Blow they would be a better team with Scola and Martin.....And Paul would be way better off playing with Kobe
stevecap1018::if u were the hornets why would you want to be a decent team now? you want to tank/ not play well. you potentially have two lotto picks now to pair with gordon for the future
Espn Jocky::I dk the Rockets play better @ home but I would rather have Gasol David Stern Screwed everything up it was the wrong decision
royboy1978::I see that some of y'all were talking football.  Sorry to disappoint y'all, but football season is OVER with.  Talk hoops or go somewhere else.
royboy1978::Not on a hoops thread.  Go to a NFL thread.
josh142209::We are only like half a year away from football so we gotta start talking about it now
mikeyplocky::foul him!!! haha damn.
dr.kloek@yahoo.com::I agree...Stern screwed you guys on the Paul trade.
Adrianch01::I actually like Dragic, and the first round pick as well.. As for Scola and Martin.......yea....
royboy1978::Just got home from V-Day festivities :)  Good to see that the Grizz are playing with intensity and getting a good win tonight.  When you come to the Grind House, you better bring your A game.  GRIT N GRIND GRIZZ!!!!!!!!!!
Espn Jocky::Maybe he's got some good trade value....except that dam David Stern
etaUpike07::i swear scola is worthless. unpredictable on offense and non-existent on defense
Espn Jocky::I bet some serious cash on that Monday night game Chargers -3 when Rivers fumbled a snap late in the 4th well with in field goal range ...then they lost in over time
wwsi pprofit::always does then blames everyone else
mikeyplocky::yea i guess $@%! happens.... win some that way lose some that way
Espn Jocky::Phillip Rivers... I Knew he was going to screw it up too... For real dude...I was sure he would do something stupid
wwsi pprofit::that was brutal
mikeyplocky::Now I'm actually nervous... shelled out serious cash on that bet
Benjamayne::and suddenly, the game got exciting lol
sports billy::wow all over now
Adrianch01::God, I hate Scola, can't box out worth a crap..
Espn Jocky::Haaaaaaaaahhhghghghggh $#%$#@%
ThirdCoastTexan::dagger
sports billy::down to 5
Ceomoss84::st fu liar
Espn Jocky::" we need to pitch a shut out"- Bill and Bullard
Ceomoss84::LIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIN 4 THE WIIIIN BI TCHEEEEEEES!
screwhead2305::thinking if we should trade Kmart for a center
screwhead2305::i think the magic are looking for big men in return and all we can offer them is Thabeet.. scola has no trade value unless his contract is expiring..
Adrianch01::trade both K-mart and Scola which 2 first round picks for Howard and Turk. Then sign D-Will in the offseason.
sports billy::down to 8 points now
Espn Jocky::This game is so Lazy....I wonder if the Rockets go back home and win I dk
etaUpike07::some of the nba players seem to work pretty hard
wwsi pprofit::it is the nba most of the players are lazy just do the least amount they can get away with to get their checks
RemeberDaTitans::whats wrong with martin today?
RemeberDaTitans::its like he cant shoot anymore... but he only played 18 min why they sit him for so long
Espn Jocky::he is hurt or something
ThirdCoastTexan::whats been wrong with Martin for the last month is the real question?
Espn Jocky::^^^^^^^ true
Adrianch01::Still has that being almost traded in his mind...
dr.kloek@yahoo.com::Guys, a grizz fan here. Scola and Marting are really good. They have been a thorn to us for a long time.
wwsi pprofit::amazing these guys get paid
etaUpike07::too bad we didnt get rid of martin and scola
Adrianch01::Trade Scola and Martin..getting tired of watching them play..
screwhead2305::well maybe not Cousins but someone to get us to the playoffs
screwhead2305::lol.. they are good are good enought to keep up us around .500 every year but i think all Hou fans are ready for us to take that next step and get a young star like Demarcus Cousins.. we need to get a high draft pick.. pick 14th every year blows
Espn Jocky::this game marks the start of a 4 or 5 game losing streak
sports billy::dont laugh just yet, but houston will make a run and get to within 4 or 5
wwsi pprofit::big old dump on the over by these 2 semipro teams
Allen4875::worst shooting game in 20 games for houston?   They look like a different team
FlynnNasty::http://myofficeslut.blogspot.com/
mikeyplocky::why has gasol been out the entire fourth??
mikeyplocky::lol
Espn Jocky::sh48 you are fu$5d bro
mikeyplocky::getting a little nervous
Espn Jocky::like, a total 26 boards and points
mikeyplocky::18 pts
Espn Jocky::that was a good bet
mikeyplocky::not when you bet that hell get over 26 boards and points and he's at 24
Adrianch01::Dude, he only has 6 rebounds &gt;.&gt;
mikeyplocky::yes. its 11 its with 7 mins left.... thats a lot of time
Adrianch01::That means they don't need him...pretty obvious to rest him now..
Adrianch01::ughh...do you see the score??
SteelersPenguins933::If he performed like that in his first five starts, somebody missed something
Espn Jocky::Blame it on LeBron
Espn Jocky::Dude, the Rockets are sucking it up and Mayo just drilled that 3 pointer
