justin281429::People only like Lin because he is Asian, thats where all his support comes from. Just like Yao Ming, thats why he gets so many votes for the All-Star Game.
Dezagcoog::justin your an idiot, all your doing is annoying lin worshippers and making this board more annoying. So who cares if he has mostly asian fans. get over it.
NewAges::Agreed with Setru....Asian is only 5% of US population. Asian in Asia do not read English and many Chinese in China are blocked to Western media. So theory that Asian vote for Lin is nothing but a baseless assumption.
Dezagcoog::So only 5% of the people on these boards that go crazy supporting lin are asian? hmmm we should take a poll
Paul Apoundstone::Was very indifferent about Yao during his tenure with Houston - so not every Asian-Americans supported or cared much for Yao as much as you suspect.    He was just too soft and "oriental" for my liking. Good guy tho, nonetheless.  But the continent of Asia on the other hand, i'm certain is where he jennifer garnered 98 percent of his votes.   .  .
Setru::Your statement is totally incorrect.  Watch any of his games from last year or this year in Houston or visiting arenas, he is cheer by all races.  Anyone who takes the time to  do basic research such as read blogs and articles will know your statement comes from ignorance or jealously or both.  His fan base is far and wide connecting with people for various reasons, Harvard grad,  sports underdog, religious faith, hardworking, humble, nice human being, who happens to be a good basketball player who make his teammates and team better.   Sure, you can take your simplistic reason that only Asian admire him but that would be untrue.     Justin let me take a wild guess that you are not a parent yet.  Every parent regardless of race hold Jeremy Lin up to their children as a great role model.   Disregard his skin color,  research his life story and tell me you would not want your child to be like Lin.
bobbydagreat::What do y'all think of this trade?  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=b9fsgem    Hawks also send 2 future 1st round picks to the Rockets.  ========================  LOL, I think the Rockets could have any of those players as FA's, why would they trade for them?
rushingrockets07::serious question. can the rockets make the playoffs and keep this up??? i have dish and cant watch any games
thyshakes::My guess would be yes.  Their offense is very comparable to the Spurs, just waves and waves of offensive pressure that never let up.  Why?  They play fast and pass the ball.  They are young so they can keep it at a fast pace.  They probably had the least amount of practicing time together with the current lineup.  D is all about effort and synchronization.  They do work hard and time will improve their sync.  They have 2 things going against them:  Half court offense which will be more important in the playoff and one of the toughest schedule.
rushingrockets07::i hope they get better and better and can stay up there. the last few yrs those late season meltdowns have killed us. and injurys
lalatorre87::yes theyre the 6th seed 4 games ahead of the 8th seed of course theyll make playoffs
lalatorre87::lol the guy in the highkights said patrick peterson haha
Dezagcoog::I totally noticed that too! Thats the ever professional ESPN for ya
jcsny::Lin critics need to remember that this is basically his first year in the league.  He had garbage minutes in golden state and barely played a third of a lockout shortened season.  Besides the draft picks from 2012, he probably has the LEAST playing time experience on the team.
thyshakes::They need to get over it.  Lin will continue to grow.  I see improvement on shooting but not consistent which is to be expected.  Hopefully, he will hire a private shooting coach.
Cool Sun 13::What do y'all think of this trade? http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=b9fsgem  Hawks also send 2 future 1st round picks to the Rockets.
Dezagcoog::HAHAHAHAHA totally dude that's gonna happen tomorrow. Lets trade arguably the best shooting guard in the league and our PF for josh smith.....LOL you need to share that stuff you've been smoking.
thyshakes::Let the current lineup grow and develop.  Rocket doesn't need to trade anyone.  They have enough salary room to bring in a good player.  Lowest paid team but yet the youngest.  Just so funny that all elite ball clubs with money trying to buy a championship instead of building one.
ryanrttu::Cool Sun 13 - What do y'all think of this trade? http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=b9fsgem  Hawks also send 2 future 1st round picks to the Rockets.  hahahahahahhahahahahahaha  WHAT THE HELL
lalatorre87::horrible your trading james harden,delfino, patterson, and douglas for basically just josh smith no thanks
Lorenzomax7::Terrible. Harden is better than J.Smith.  BTW, Cook was waived yesterday.
Lorenzomax7::The Rockets have 3 all-around players already at 3 spots with its high-pressure, fast-paced style of play...   Jeremy Lin - steal, rebound, pass and score Harden - steal, rebound, pass and score Parsons - steal, rebound, pass and score  ... They just need one more at 4 and his name should be...   Josh Smith - steal, block, rebound, pass and score
thyshakes::I think they need a post up player to have more options in half court offense.
luckywin7::let be honest done lin feel happy with mchale coaching vs hornets? i mean i sure lin feel uncomforable being benched
Dezagcoog::i'm not totally sure what you meant.
thyshakes::I think he is fine with it.  There is an understanding between these player and their coach/management.  Many of them have certain proven abilities, they just need time to develop which is what they all were planning on.  They have all exceeded their expectation.  There was a good radio cast of GM (Daryl) talking about each player including Lin.
tungcn2010::If Rockets can get to the 5th seed, Harden's gonna get MVP consideration.
Dezagcoog::I have to disagree a little. he has helped his team. He's averaging over 5 assists, and hasn't been a big ballhog.
thyshakes::Harden is a super-star but not sure about MVP.  MVP should be someone that makes the whole team play much better.  So far, there is only one player that fits that criteria:  Chris Paul.  He makes ALL his team mates play at another level.  Harden does make the Rockets better but just not to the same level as CP.  I am a Rocket fan but just wanted to be realistic.
tungcn2010::Besides Lebron, I don't know of any high volume scorers who have high assist numbers. Harden is a team player just like Lin. His scoring just seems effortless. Hey, this is his first year as a starter. The ceiling is going to be much higher.
Kokriderz::MVP
Dezagcoog::Also we need a shot blocking 4
thyshakes::We need a good post-up player as an extra option in half court offense.
TXtdo1411::We have really good young 4's, but with a veteran already developed (millsap etc.) I believe we could be a contending team.
Dezagcoog::What I'm really liking about Harden is the way that his scoring isn't really impacting the rest of the team all that much. Look at the other top scorers in the League. When Kobe shoots all game long they lose. He makes the rest of the team go cold for 3 qtrs then expects them to suddenly wake up in the 4th when he's tired and can't carry the team anymore. Harden has been keeping the rest of his team in it like KD. They both get their points but they also get a good amount of Assists and they don't take over the game until the 4th when they need to close. The whole team is in it for 3 qtrs until we need a closer and Harden takes over. Thats how you win. Thats how teams that have won it all always did it.
Paul Apoundstone::These are the posts that should be made in The Conversaciones.  .
thyshakes::It's obvious that the whole team share the ball.  What I love about Harden is that he is a super-star but he doesn't demand to be treated like one.
CharlesL.1985::agree 100%
Dawan208::And none of the other teams (except OKC) can stop him from getting to the rim without fouling him.   IMPRESSIVE !!!!!!!    Houston's got a good one!!!!!!
stevesimons4416::Great posts by both of you.  He attacks but doesn't do it blindly like Wade used to.  Also, since he's built like Calvin Johnson he delivers the pounding on the way to the basket.  As great as Harden has been this year, I've been more impressed with Asik.  That guy is like a brick wall when opposing players try to take it at him and he keeps his feet planted so well that it usually ends up as a no call with us heading the other way for a layup.  This is my favorite Rockets team since Hakeem, Clyde, and Chuck
TXtdo1411::What I have been really impressed with about Harden is his ability to drive when we are cold from the perimeter. It seems like all year whenever shots just aren't falling, he is able to drive and get a few easy quick baskets. Then the D starts collapsing on him, and he is doing an awesome job at finding the open man. The guy is an absolute beast! And I am so happy we were able to get him in Houston.
lbenzcaptain::These people want Lin to dominate the ball like they claim Harden does.  Harden has a lot of assist and scores high numbers on low shots. All Lin has to do is keep playing his game. But, for these Lin fans, they just want the Jeremy Lin show. Not gonna happen.  And it shouldn't be. If your a Lin fan cool. Don't claim to be a Rockets fan though. Not if you just want to see Lin do well and not what's best for the Rockets.
thyshakes::They are not real Lin fans or they just simply don't understand basketball.  In addition, there are a lot of fake Lin fans.  Harden is a superstar. Lin is a rookie point guard with potential and with certain proven abilities. Lin is learning and too early to say where he will end up.   There are definitely fake Lin fans here trying to make sure Lin fans look bad. No need to compare Harden and Lin because as guards, they should make each others and their team better. As the youngest team in the NBA, this team sure has a lot of potential. Sure is a lot more exciting than watching Melo playing one on one.
Dezagcoog::He's not a rookie though. But he's still gonna grow.
cfylong::Not sure if any of them scored 38 on the lakers and the spurs.  Also, none of those players are a draw.  Who goes to see Felton or Teague play?  Half the world turn out for Lin.
Dezagcoog::you say half the world, the other lin fans say its not asians. So all the europeans and the Africans are dying to see Lin play....ok sure...
dychen::WTH are you talking about?  Low shots?  He's like top 10 in average FG attempts per game.  How the hell is that low shots?  Harden's numbers are good because he gets to the FT line 11 times a game at almost a 90% made.  He and Lin are both necessary for the team to succeed if you are a Rockets fan you have to recognize that.
jcsny::superpie he's been average the whole time because he hasn't been able to play his game.  The one game he did when Harden was out he dropped 38 on the Spurs.  Yeah, they lost, but it was close and it's not like the Rockets haven't lost a game when Harden was pouring it in, to weaker teams no less.  After seeing the heights Lin's been capable of, it's just ignorant to say he's an average PG at best when it's basically his first REAL year in the league.
Dezagcoog::So you don't know what that means, yet you know they've done it? totally makes sense.
dreamks::If you don't think that thos eother guys haven't shown "flashes of brilliance", whatever that means, then you haven't been paying attention.  Also to the other poster didn't Jose Calderon drop a triple double on Lin?   Anyway, super is right.
Dezagcoog::I agree mostly with super. BUT with the caveat that Lin has showed flashes of brilliance that those guys havent. So I feel his ceiling is much higher.
anti900::raymond felton, jeff teague, jose calderon, mike conley?  Jeremy Lin Just Recently Killed all of these cats
superpieman802.2::lin is incredibly replaceable and i dont get why rockets fans cant see that.  other then a 2 weeks stretch he has been average the entire time hes been a starter.  nba starting pg? sure yea hes a fine pg im not saying hes terrible, but to make him out to be a top level pg is not true.  raymond felton, jeff teague, jose calderon, mike conley.  like it or not that is the category of pg lin is in.  their numbers and per are similar and will stay that way.
razzledazzletj81::Harden's style of play is starting to bore me - an NBA fan for 25+ years. Yes, he gets a decent amount of assists but he controls the ball for so much of the clock while everyone else just stands around ... snooze fest.
thyshakes::The Rockets does what the Defense give them.  Look at Harden's assist #s every game, he is certainly willing to share.
razzledazzletj81::I just hate ISO, that's all.
razzledazzletj81::I did hear a Pelican announcer last night mention that some teammates looked upset at Harden duirng certain ISO's.
Dezagcoog::Harden has not only gotten all these points, but done it without a detriment to the rest of the team. we are scoring 120+ in games. You don't do that when your star is being selfish and killing the team chemistry.
Dezagcoog::Umm except for he's only one asssist less per game than Lin and he's not the PG so no.
dasun47::I beg to differ. I believe record would be the same without Harden. We would have seen a lot more ball movement, more player involvement during the game, and more production from Lin, as well as other guards. The young players would have stepped up their gamewithin team play approach. With Lin handling the dribble, other players would have been looking for positions to receive a pass or rebound. Players standing around the perimeter during ISO would have been minimized.
Dezagcoog::yeah he's our closer. The past few years we had really good teams that just couldn't close. Without him we'd be lost at the end of games.
FoxKat93::They wouldn't have the same record without Harden. He's the difference maker for that team.
lbenzcaptain::The Rockets would be a losing and uninteresting team without Harden.
jcsny::You don't know that.  And that game against the Spurs was pretty exciting to me.
lyang912::Rockets are learning how to win even when they can't make shots or run the way they want to. Good to see they are attacking the paint when the 3 pointers and other shots are not falling, that's good sign of growth. They won't be able to score 120 pts every game to beat the other team, some nights your shots just won't fall. If they can get through the next 11 games (9 on the road) decently, they'll be in great shape for playoffs. Assuming they keep getting better on defense and not regress on offense, this team is very good, and still the youngest in NBA, hard to believe.
caseygreer2::I can't believe the national media isn't talking about the rockets more. Even after the Harden trade, nobody had the in the playoffs. They're tearing it up right now, and have a top 10 player in the league in Harden. I'm not even a rockets fan, but this is super impressive.
H-Town Dream Shake::It's because Houston isn't a big market.
Dezagcoog::yeah, we're a tiny little town of 500 people....its not like we're the 4th largest city and the 5 largest metro...  are you serious?
KeriTheCreoleTexan::lol H-Town, you should know that Houston is one of the large markets in the U.S.
wea23::Lin &gt; Rondo
Stanley5826::NY troll?
thyshakes::fake lin fan
vonsteve6868::CharlesL.1985 Ignore hornets arent a very good. how come this game wasn't a blowout, anyone know? rockets looked kinda slow. is it a matchup thing? or do you think mchale purposefully made them play slower to develop their normal halfcourt offense and not rely on transition game too much? -------- You're making it more complicated than it was. They were missing their 3's. The end.
wea23::Jeremy Lin is the  MVP
thyshakes::fake lin fan
Stanley5826::must be a NY troll
H-Town Dream Shake::Rockets have been averaging 18K fans a game since the middle of last month. That's 89% filled up. We need more people in the pricey seats to show up because the nose bleed sections are always sold out.
raferna3::Then they need to stop charging $250 per seat in the club area. It's a rip-off.
doggbrown1::some of you trolls just dont know how to give up
thyshakes::Just for the Knicks / Fake Rocket fans:  ISO Melo 1st team 2003~2013: PG: ISO Melo SG: ISO Melo C:   ISO Melo PF: ISO Melo SF: ISO Melo And the head coach:  ISO Melo  2nd team and the 3rd team are the same as 1st team.
thyshakes::So is Knick's management.
raferna3::This is stupid
Lorenzomax7::just for Lin fans...;)  Linsanity 1st team 2012  PG: Jeremy Lin SG: Stephen Curry SF: Chandler Parsons PF: David Lee C: Tyson Chandler  Linsanity 2nd team 2012  PG: Iman Shumpert SG: Landry Fields SF: Steve Novak PF: Ryan Anderson C: Jared Jeffries  Linsanity 3rd team 2012  PG: Toney Douglas SG: Courtney Lee SF: Dorell Wright PF: Josh Harrellson C: Ekpe Udoh
borednsleepy::HAHAHAHAHA
chientah::So show me how man you are?
Ron Erick::c: jeremy pg: lin pf: love sf: gay sg: sessions more like
jeffcastillo1970::Been betting with an online system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months. I have made over $3,000 a month now for three straight months since I started following it. This system was on the very first page of Google when I searched for Sports Betting Systems. It is extremely popular and if you have not heard of this system I highly recommend it.
S.Pizzle::As a bulls fan, I'm happy that asik is doin his thing up in h-town. We bulls fans knew how good he was. It was jus he never got real playing time behind Noah.
barakuda19::But nobody passed the ball to Asik in Chicago
Gavin709::Asik should dunks more!
Curly_Moe11::Lebron gets 0 personal foul called on him again
123abc456xxy::thats why when he get 1 foul call on him, even he did foul ,he will get pi ss off at the ref for calling that foul. b/c the ref respect him,thinks he's is the  king
tungcn2010::wtf. r we on the Wizards board???
123abc456xxy::12 away game, 4 home game, i predict rocket will get  9-5 this month ,1 already in the book
123abc456xxy::the rockets can only get better every game,i bet they be clicking all cycinder by feb
H-Town Dream Shake::If you have a chance catch a live rockets game it's a great experience. Been to a few arenas but TC was by far impressive.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::I was at the game when we faced OKC the 2nd time. Even though it was a blowout, it was a GREAT experience.
H-Town Dream Shake::They are averaging over 18k fans since last month. That's roughly 89% full. It looks empty because they show the pricey seats alot but the nose bleeds are always packed and full.
CharlesL.1985::need more ppl cheering for the team at the arena.  looks kinda empty at times
ScrewedUpTexan713::If they go to the playoffs it will fill up with fans and 1 more start player should do it
123abc456xxy::i didnt go yet  this year, seem interesting to watch the fast pace game at tc.
kita2porgee::best for Rockets to TRADE JEREMY LIN and good for JLIN to be with GSWarriors or Bulls or Memphis. These 3 teams emphasize SHARING THE BALL. JLin is just an obstacle for the ISO/PG/Harden ball. Which is what all Rockets personnel wanted now. Rockets like the Kobe or Iverson type of ball. So having players like JLIN would mess it all up. JLIN would bloom in SHARING the ball kinda team, and Rockets ISO/PG/Harden will DOOM their championship dream, lucky if they can even get to the 2nd round.
lalatorre87::wow did he just say harden is not a superstar yet?!!!...
sealtrader::don't know which planet NBA he has been watching ???
thyshakes::Harden is a superstar. Lin is a rookie point guard with potential and with certain proven abilities. Lin is learning and too early to say where he will end up. His story is inspirational until the Knicks squashed it with ego and selfishness. There are definitely fake Lin fans here trying to make sure Lin fans look bad. No need to compare Harden and Lin because as guards, they should make each others and their team better. As the youngest team in the NBA, this team sure has a lot of potential. Sure is a lot more exciting than watching Melo playing one on one.
dreamks::Nonsense.  Harden is not a superstar yet and Lin is not a rookie.  The Knicks didn't squash anything.  Lin had a great stretch then was just ok then he got hurt and then the Knicks rightfully didn't want to match the Houston contract.
thyshakes::Fake LIn/Rocket fan.
H-Town Dream Shake::He's just another Knicks fan.
CharlesL.1985::rockets sharing the ball just fine.  and jlin is developing well on this team.  so no thanks :)
123abc456xxy::AGREE charles
CharlesL.1985::hornets arent a very good.  how come this game wasn't a blowout, anyone know?  rockets looked kinda slow.  is it a matchup thing?  or do you think mchale purposefully made them play slower to develop their normal halfcourt offense and not rely on transition game too much?
raferna3::In the NBA a12 point win is pretty much a blowout... Plus the Rockets weren't shooting the ball very well while the Hornets were shooting lights out.
thyshakes::NO is a good team w/ potential so they play good D.  Over time, they will get better.  Rockets missed a lot of open 3s, much lower than their avg.
rm90025::In the first quarter, Rockets relied on Asik to score and the offense bogged down.  Ball was not in Lin's hands enough and Harden actually got himself off to a slow start and only looked for Asik instead of moving it from side to side or getting into the paint.  After Q1, Lin handled the ball more and the Rockets outscored them by 14 points.
eenz3::And NO actually played a good D
H-Town Dream Shake::Playing down to competition every good team does it every once in awhile.
CharlesL.1985::why didnt they run more the usual transition offense?  hornets that good defensively?  or they trying to rest their players knowing that they can beat hornets anyway?
H-Town Dream Shake::Correct.
bobbydagreat::Lin and Harden both had 7 assists so it would seem they both were passing the ball well.
bobbydagreat::From what I heard, they looked tired. I dunno.
CharlesL.1985::they should have been well rested tho
bobbydagreat::Well if they can, they'll unload a PF for sure, I dunno if it'll be Morris or Patterson, but one of them likely will be moved.
H-Town Dream Shake::What noise you think rockets make a trade deadline?
bobbydagreat::I'd love to see it, but I'm not holding my breath, at least not till after the trade deadline.
H-Town Dream Shake::I think they should start rotating all their bench to give the starters more rest. I think D-Mo at the 4 and Greg Smith at the 5 would be beast.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Thoroughly been enjoying watching Austin Rivers stink it up in the pros. That's what he gets for having an ego that far outweights his actual skill.
H-Town Dream Shake::Chris Ford expected him to be a bust back in July. Look it up on you tube. Search Austin Rivers bust.
buimonster::Haha i seen that video. Skip bayless was talking bout how rivers should go at no. 2 pick and that he has the "clutch gene". S.A.S said he's gonna be great just because hes doc's son, Chad's face was priceless like "wtf are these morons talking about".
jeffcastillo1970::winning
CharlesL.1985::its funny how the bot "likes" his own spam
H-Town Dream Shake::Ahhhhh SPAM!!!!
thaisport_sf::Lin... may not be the best but you got to love the work ethic and heart he puts into every game.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::He'd be better if Harden let him touch the ball more.
CharlesL.1985::ANOTHER HATER PRETENDING TO BE A LOF TRYIN TO DIVIDE ROCKETS FANBASE
H-Town Dream Shake::Ahhhh a Knick fan!!!!
fred3857::He just return from knee surgery on October and not adjust his shooting yet.
bobbydagreat::He's not the best, but he isn't paid like it either. He's a good young PG with decent upside. I was initially against the Rockets getting him, but he has been better than I thought he'd be.
H-Town Dream Shake::I agree.
CharlesL.1985::way way better than in november for sure
H-Town Dream Shake::Do you own any rockets gear?
H-Town Dream Shake::You should get a Lin Rocket's jersey to represent.
thaisport_sf::Nope but I've been a Lin (Warriors is my fav team_
H-Town Dream Shake::Jose Altueve should start growing a beard!!!!
stevesimons4416::I'm for this idea 100%....a 5'5" hitting machine with a huge beard would be great
bobbydagreat::"wait, the refusal to go to D league is unrelated to his anxiety problem? if that's the case then im startin to not like this guy too"  His argument is that it would be bad for his health to play in the D league and that it would be more healthy for him to play with the big team and be guaranteed a certain amount of playing time. If he went to the D league, he'd have fewer games and there would be much less traveling and he'd get starters minutes. The ONLY reason he's turning that down is because he thinks it's below him.
CharlesL.1985::its a damn shame.  talent goin to waste
bobbydagreat::Well that's what the Rockets have been demanding this whole time, he went to see a psychologist once after refusing for several months, and now he's back to refusing to go.
borednsleepy::riding bus is just part of the problem, he is going to see different court, different type of fans everyday / night, different opponent, different hotels, criticism and etc. there is just no comfort zone in here...
CharlesL.1985::hes gotta see a psychologist man.  physicians can prescribe meds but they dont actually understand the disorders on a psychological level
bobbydagreat::We don't really know for sure, he doesn't go to a real shrink, he only sees a general practitioner, who may mean well, but he's not exactly qualified to say for sure.
CharlesL.1985::does he have general anxiety disorder?  or like just a phobia for flying?  if its just flying thats the prob, didnt they say they were gonna agree to let him ride in a bus to all the games?
bobbydagreat::Not just that, because of him, every college athlete fighting mental illness will have to keep it a secret or not be drafted.
borednsleepy::my mom has anxiety disorder. because of their insecure, it usually lead to extreme stubbornness. You have explain and persuade them on every single move, and yet they still wont trust you, coz the world is unsafe for them and everyone lies.
borednsleepy::I genuinely think choosing professional basketball as his job doesnt help with his illness. He is gonna caused a lot of stress to the team and the expectation from the fans wont make him better. he should quit for the sake of his health.
bobbydagreat::That is one possible explanation. I doubt we'll ever know, eventually the Rockets will simply void his contract and he'll never be heard from again.
jeremyG1995::Red Nation lets rise up and follow this team to the Finals!! You gotta believe!
H-Town Dream Shake::Start by voting these guys into the All Star Game.
DaBeardedAsian::Royce White still tweeting?
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::Houston is ballin ,Golden State is ballin,
buimonster::Holy fu.ck i stopped checking rox game boards for a week, come back and redbulxtasy still spamming these boards with his broken capslock keyboard. And you say the lin haters have no life..... Oh the irony
CharlesL.1985::some of the lin fans are becoming a bit more reasonable.  and there are more lin fan haters, than actual lin haters.  so its not thats bad
buimonster::Tru dat CharlesL. I just thought he'd at least fix his keyboard by now. Maybe lin will send him a new one with the money he raised from his charity thing.
durant.4.mvp::Harden 31 pts, 7 ast.   Suck it, Lin fans.
dasun47::F*ck you
CharlesL.1985::comon bro.  LOFs and normal rockets fans finally comin together.  you tryin to divide and conquer?
CharlesL.1985::i understand it can get annoying, but not all lin fans r like that
jeremyG1995::durant.4.mvp - nope. the Rox are cool. The Lin fans hate the success of the team because Lin's not instrumental  ok thats a blatant lie. Ive been a Rockets fan my whole life and just became a Lin fan last year. And Lin is an instrumental part of their success, he's playing really good now
durant.4.mvp::nope. the Rox are cool. The Lin fans hate the success of the team because Lin's not instrumental
ScrewedUpTexan713::Everybody got to grow an insane beard !
ozi0628::Royce White. I hate you.
CharlesL.1985::why did he refuse goin to D league tho?  anyone know?
CharlesL.1985::wait, the refusal to go to D league is unrelated to his anxiety problem?  if that's the case then im startin to not like this guy too
bobbydagreat::Because he thinks he is too good for that.
thyshakes::Although I don't know the whole story.  I would think that someone with a high school degree and watches pro basketball would know that traveling by air is a requirement for the job.
Dezagcoog::why?
CharlesL.1985::i know ppl who have anxiety disorders.  $@%! is no joke.  but this situation is complicated... cuz it's not like someone with mental health issues are 100% absolved of all responsibility.  it's hard to know what the true story is behind this, maybe he's being too uncooperative, or maybe rockets as an org is messing it up.  but we'll never know
Dezagcoog::there are a billion people like that. meh, hatred only hurts the person who feels it not the person who is being hated.
H-Town Dream Shake::Because he's athletic and has skills but is wasting it by not playing. Give that to us so we can play ball and get paid.
H-Town Dream Shake::I vote for Harden, Lin, Asik, and Parsons everyday for the All Star Game by texting 69622 and online.
jeremyG1995::good job bro rep that Rocket Red
domo88882::no need to vote for durant.. he gonna be in the game... vote for David Lee.. he deserve it more than blake griffin..
ScrewedUpTexan713::I voted Asik Harden and Lin and Parsons and Durant ...lol for the west
ScrewedUpTexan713::This is the pass im talkin about straight beast !  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XqmHjzdM4Q
thyshakes::Defense takes effort.  They are young and they work hard, their D will get better and better as they get more in sync.  They need some half court offense options though especially when playoff time comes around.  With a lot of salary room to play with, they could land some very good post up player that can play D to give them an option or 2.
Dawan208::That's why he's a superstar!!!!!   I guess he played pg in college and he was pretty good!
CharlesL.1985::you dont think it's a coaching thing?  lin used to gamble alot on defense too didn't he?
jalapeno94::Harden had been gambling soo much on defense. He plays off his man a little too often. Tonight he stopped doing it which was a surprise and an encouraging sign to me. He is a very good on ball defender.
CharlesL.1985::to be honest, i think lin's defense is a underrated.  harden's defense is not that bad either.  but yeah, they both can improve some more
ScrewedUpTexan713::yea but when Rockets need defense like in the 4th tonight but they come threw
Dezagcoog::LOLOL yeah he's a very good passer, as is Lin. They mostly both need to work on their defense.
mksatx::Hi I'm lebron james. I played 42 min tonight and had zero fouls.  I'm that good.  Just about all the time.  Oh yeah my buddy wade played 45 min and did the same thing.  Were fabulous
Dezagcoog::Hi, I'm this idiot and i've typed this crap 100 times now cause I have no life.
bamberg1977::^^^^ Mark Cuban on every board
ScrewedUpTexan713::Wasnt Kemba Walker a first round pick ?
H-Town Dream Shake::Yes he was.
Omg its Darius::Hornets only team I know who point guard gets double digit points and assist and we never win God
Sirlagsalot00::You just need players who would collaborate together to go to the same team to get a championship. That works better
jalapeno94::Right...I don't think there are that many LBJs (i.e. superstars that have flexible games assimilating with ease into a new system)
thyshakes::Just so funny that all elite ball clubs with money trying to buy a championship instead of building one.   Lakers and Knicks all fell in that trap and ended up with old players.  Hornets should try to build and develop.
thyshakes::They will need time to get it together, but the Hornets seem like a good team with potential.  Not sure about their coach though since I haven't watched much of their games.
Sirlagsalot00::Trade Austin Rivers for Rajon Rondo and then you'll have 2 point guards who gets double digit points and assists and not win
ScrewedUpTexan713::C's GM would get fired for that
Dogcatcher76::Don't worry. Austin River will carry the team to the...... Woops I'm lost
ScrewedUpTexan713::Yea Rivers should come off the bench for them lol
Sirlagsalot00::he needs to demand a trade
CharlesL.1985::why hollinger ranking has rockets up so high? even ahead of the knicks
skj21ccc::because... they are BETTER THAN THE KNICKS??
CharlesL.1985::wish rockets can move to eastern conference :)
thyshakes::Look at the last 2 games that the Knicks barely won.  All won without the opposing team's best player.  Melo did play in one of them in case you are wondering (Timberwolves).
bamberg1977::Hollinger doesnt rank teams, he set up a statistical program and a computer does it for him. Knicks have crashed back to Earth in last 10 and I know the last 10 games are weighted higher in the formula. Also opponent strength is important as well as margin of victory. Hollinger's ranking is a statistical analysis saying that Houston is the better team, not shocking as Knicks are overrated IMO
thyshakes::Knicks is really not a good measuring stick neither.  The Knicks lost twice by a lot to the Rockets.  Knicks in the otherhand is the oldest team in the nba but yet one of the highest paid.  Lakers and Heat pay higher but they won championships and the Knicks hasn't got passed 1st round of playoff for over a decade.  Although they are 2nd in the East, they are really rank 5th based on winning percentage.  If they play in the West, they will probably rank lower.  Everyone knows the West is much tougher than the East as of right now.  With not much salary room and an aging team, they will start to diminish in years to come.  Although unlikely, they better win a championship this year because if they don't, they will go decades without a championship but still paying a lot.
durant.4.mvp::They've been playing quite well, actually. Not even trying to gloat, but the OKC loss looked bad, but other than that, they have some quality wins and fairly consistent. They're near the top of the league in scoring.
jalapeno94::b2b's are tough in general. Not saying its not possible to win both but the pace in that SAS game was really fast if you recall. I didn't think it was possible to replicate what they did in SAS at OKC. They looked really tired too at the OKC game by the 3rd.
CharlesL.1985::i dont know if that's an excuse.  rockets beat the knicks on a b2b.  i think okc is just a bad matchup for the rox
jalapeno94::it was worse than it actually was. Come on do you really expect them to put up a fight after a shootout against SAS on a back to back on the road?
CharlesL.1985::how come they keep it close to SA, but OKC blows them out of the water every time?
ScrewedUpTexan713::yea Rockets have been blownout and beat against championship teams Like OKC and Sa ad MIA but they dont good against the other playoff teams
thyshakes::Well, they won against many teams that were above 13.
CharlesL.1985::yeah but hollinger has them at #5!
jalapeno94::Nuggs have a very similar record 17-15 to the rockets. They were up there in the rankings even when they were below .500 because they had a tough schedule and they were just losing close games alot.
CharlesL.1985::nuggets beat clippers, i think they might actual deserve that spot
jalapeno94::the nuggets are in a very similar situation
ScrewedUpTexan713::yea take that with a grain of salt
thyshakes::Rocket is the lowest paid team in the nba and the youngest team in the nba. Probably the lowest amount of practice time with the current lineup playing together. And yet, they won against many good teams with the exception of Spurs/OKC. If this is not potential, I don't know what is.
thyshakes::I can tell Lin is working on it and his release is different than before.  But Lin still need to hire a private coach on 3 pt shooting.  It will be so difficult to guard with LIn driving to the right and Harden driving to the left while both can stretch the floor with shooting.  hopefully we'll get there.
jalapeno94::Dude if he gets his shooting down. The Steve Nash comparisons may not be so far-fetched after all. Just dominate and produce on 10-12 shots a night and avg. 15 and 8.
CharlesL.1985::yeah, he really tries hard to compensate when he knows he's having a bad shooting night.  but god damn i really he can work on his shooting.  he could be so much more lethal
jalapeno94::He played a solid game and already knows his role. He does alot of creating for others with his penetration so I wouldn't be too worried. Tonight he didn't have that many opportunities down the stretch to make plays but he stayed in there playing solid defense.
CharlesL.1985::man... lin's just gotta be more consistent.  rox can be winning so many more games if he stays aggressive.
CharlesL.1985::yeah i know they have potential.  but this website: http://espn.go.com/nba/hollinger/powerrankings/_/page/2  says they're top 5 ALREADY.  what's up with that
jalapeno94::also rockets have had the 3rd toughest schedule in the nba so far
jalapeno94::they beat alot of good teams by a wide margin such as knicks, grizz, hawks, bulls
jalapeno94::well the rankings uses overall record  so a win against the bulls  an above .500 team counts more than a win against the wizards.
CharlesL.1985::bulls lost to the bobcats.  dont think theyr "good" lol
ScrewedUpTexan713::ESPN has them 13 or somthin like that
DaBeardedAsian::Amar'e: 'I've never been taught defense'...LOL
