sautan::Good Luck Clippers on the 7 road games. Go get them.
adam83stl::How many flops did that talentless hack griffin have last night
BarrelRider04::We finally got back to playing DEFENSE and Blake finally carried us to a W. Bout time.
The Lakers are BS::Go Clippers!
Johnny246899999999999::I've always really loved Bledsoe, just one more part of an unbelievably deep, unified team. It kinda shows, though, that he isn't quite used to the extended minutes, yet, especially with that utterly frenetic, all-out style he has! But its really fun, and inspirational, to watch him working his way up to it. Hope he understands what it means to his teammates, not to mention the fans.
Romeo7332::My boy Will Barton getting a bump in minutes. I hope he continues his success. And Meyers Leonard is a freak of nature, he is so athletic. Leonard just needs to be coached, because his potential is ridiculous.
underpiker::Why cant centers stay healthy in portland? Bowie, sabonis, oden....???
underpiker::Oh walton
Greygoose crew::The water
rumelpob::Blazers need a player who can truly be called on to create his own shot when needed.  28 assists in 29 FG is great and all, but it may be too much if that is even possible.  I'm not saying somebody that will shoot the ball 25 times a game, but just somebody you can put the ball in their hands when needed who can regularly beat their man.  Lillard will probably be there some day, and Aldridge has his moments, but they aren't quite that man.
indianprnc::batum and matthews for 15 points for 71 minutes
cincirox73::I have been using a bet system called Sportsbettingstar. I doubled my initial balance my first month and made almost $3000 my 2nd month following this system. You will find more on the system by searching the internet for sports betting systems.
bmrsnrox::where are the griffin haters at?
Kobelies247::There are none...
Rip City Forever::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH still laughing. Just glad to beat the clips once so I can laugh at the biggest troll on the Internet for the rest of the year
DuckDodgerBlazer::kobelies is pathetic.  Blazer fans still here taking our lumps but that chump was nowhere to be found last night.  Pathetic fan.
Kobelies247::More Pathetic you knew i wasnt on last night.....
Rip City Forever::I saw you on minnys board scrub lier
msrocz::Big shout to igivegoodupdates on the 2h call, brilliant
latnem187::Was I looking at suspects from the show "the first 48" or was that the Portland Trail Blazers?
sworthin117::you lost me
latnem187::I mean I knew that the Trail Blazers were pathetic but.........
LetsPlayScRyB::u cant win everygame you know
latnem187::becuase you dont need a bench in the NBA
sworthin117::for what they have they are good
sworthin117::then they proved you wrong?
BaySports 1.1::They aren't that bad.  No bench.
R1P_C1TY::You have forgotten that other teams lost to the wizards and cavs, as well.  Most pathetic troll ever.
BaySports 1.1::Didn't we beat you last night?  Oops.
BootyLoaf::^^ because that would be too logical for him
sworthin117::every team loses to every team in basketball.  Why not look at wins over the heat, thunder, knicks, and clippers aswell?
BootyLoaf::kobelies is an idiot
sworthin117::the heat lost to the wizards, does that mean they are bad too?
Kobelies247::Arnt that bad? YOU LOST TO THE WIZ AND THE CAVS!!!  Ya yourE THAT BAD!
Kobelies247::I see your true colors and thats why i love you!  Bahahahaha
call_me_Kobrick_cause_im_a_brick_layer::I never lie !! I admit i build bricks !!
Kobelies247::I sure hope you just didnt post this thinking im a Laker fan....
sworthin117::do you build bricks or do you build stuff out of bricks?
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::Deandre Jordan will be traded this season.
sworthin117::howard should come to the blazers
JohnDoe5334::Injury waiting to happen if he does... THE Porkland CURSE....
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::Clippers
ChumBeefBanned::http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&amp;feature=endscreen&amp;v=veziedff0EU
sworthin117::mike rice has just been cleared to play on our bench!
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::Latrell Sprewell is coming back.
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::Like if you are single this coming valentines day.
erickoelling::go back to fb to get your likes
sonicsarebackjack::this means a closet h o m o
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::How to win a woman's heart this coming valentines day? Any ideas?
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::How to talk to a girl? Anybody here wanna teach me?
BaySports 1.1::Call her fat.  Works like a charm.
Young Derrick Rose .::Rondo out who should replace him ?  J.R Smith Deron Williams Brandon Jennings
call_me_Kobrick_cause_im_a_brick_layer::Hey young can u explain to me how u ended up with all that pubic hair on top of your head ? :O
Gimme the damn ball::Capt. Krik
Karibe85::Howard better not come to the Clips.. Hes good but he's $@%!$ made, d12 your mouth runs harder than your legs.. D12 you need big brother mentor and a hug..
Gimme the damn ball::Good day for LA basketball.
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::The greatest NBA players of all time.  1. Luke Walton 2. Scalabrine 3.
Hodges4Three::White Mamba should be #1 not #2
Young Derrick Rose .::Kwame Brown
Karibe85::The best of the worst lol
The First Bandwagon New Orleans Pelicans Fan::3.Adam Morrison
Young Derrick Rose .::IMO Howard and CP are walking next season....  CP may end up in NY most likely...so CP and Melo combine  Howard may end up in ATL, and Josh Smith is walking...
Hodges4Three::Yeah, CP will leave the new "Showtime" to join the NY geriatric squad.
call_me_Kobrick_cause_im_a_brick_layer::Lol  he may have a chance to be a huge star then ... when he visits his only fans ... on Death row!!
Soonerhopeful1::If you think CP3 is walking on Clippers; you could get great  odds in Vegas on that...   5 - 1 against CP3 walking.   Howard  is  2-1 he does walk. going to Dallas.
Deaneer32::NY doesn't have the cap space why do you think they have a bunch of 35+ year olds getting paid the minimum...
Poor Oregon::Knicks have no cap spice n.igga
call_me_Kobrick_cause_im_a_brick_layer::Your mom was also a quitter when she didn't swallow u !!
sworthin117::...I dont think you know how conception works
sautan::LOL. Joke of the day! Thanks for the laugh
Keith Closs::dude is talking like this is nba2k13.
sworthin117::Howard is a quitter
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::You are gay
inphinity7::Damn this was the kind of win I've been accustomed to. Good $@%!.
Karibe85::That's right girl..that dub is what the clips needed
Young Derrick Rose .::Where is CP going next season ? Clippers can't keep him...
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::CP and Dwight will sign with Clippers 5 year with Blake.
inphinity7::Lol they can't? They have the cap room.
Keith Closs::tell us why not....we wanna hear
Poor Oregon::Roy, Oden, Aldridge = Dynasty
Soonerhopeful1::Roy and Oden, are not they wheel chair candidates...?       The dynasty would have been  Aldridge and Durant... That would have turned heads.
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::Wheel Chair of Paul Pierce. Remember Laker fans?
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::Sam Bowie?
Deep Fried Carrots::<a> <sup>I make a googleplex of dollars every week with my supreme gambling techniques.</sup></a>
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::Mexican cholos favorite teams are the Dodyers and the Lakers. Fact.
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::And the galaxy
Karibe85::And the Raiders and la kings ese lol
call_me_Kobrick_cause_im_a_brick_layer::Falco4758 has busted the bookie this month !! ... ( the monopoly bookie )
sonicsarebackjack::i here u falco
falco4758::lolol im sorry , go lay your bricks at your 14$ a hour job haha while i cap games and make thousands a week.. buh bye yoiu slave to society dont you have to bve up tommorrow for work at 9? go to sleep little boy haha bye
call_me_Kobrick_cause_im_a_brick_layer::Stop it Falco u will hurt ur nose on ur PC screen @ Pinochio head Falco !!
falco4758::go to my tiwtter pics dont lie sir..im sorry your mad,and you seem to like me you eveb made a post about me :) haha loser
falco4758::haha yeah bud, no one knows me this is my first time on this chat so i have no credit, go to my twitter falco4758 theres several pics of screenshots of my weekly winnings and bets. then come back and let mek now :)
call_me_Kobrick_cause_im_a_brick_layer::Watching Blake Griffin dunking would be more exiting then your lame lies
sworthin117::youre ridiculous
john 214::No I did I bet a billion trillion.
call_me_Kobrick_cause_im_a_brick_layer::U need to get off moms PC before she gets out of the shower and catches u troll!!
Young Derrick Rose .::Bulls &gt; both these teams
Keith Closs::clipps already took care of u guys at your house
Karibe85::In the 90s bro y'all coming up again tho
sonicsarebackjack::this is to the persons that told me to get a job and stop gambling. i have one... my bro and i run 55 year family biz where we renovate and refurbish auditorium and theater seating... i budget money on the side to gamble... only what i can get away with and not notice if i lost it. over the last two years ive pocketed a very nice amount... just needed to get that out to all the judgmental folks out there. u decide if u think im being straight up.. do i get pissed? yep... but thats have the rush... would i stop the min i stopped winning money on a consistant basis... hell yes. it would cease to be fun....i do it because im a sports junkie... why not make some scratch off of a head full of otherwise useless knowledge.. just dont think that every one who places a bet is a degenerate gambler... thanks, a generate gambler
Keith Closs::but to entertain you, i work too damn hard to risk any amount of money i bust my a-ss for.  i struggled  bad commin up and work hard every day  to make sure i got flow commin in, which i do have now.  u mention u are running a 55 year family biz.  im gonna go out on a limb and say that you might not appreciate the value of a dollar since u didnt have to start from zero.  you already had a foundation set and just stepped in
Keith Closs::sonicsarebackjack - i love a dollar just like the rest... ive been spoiled my whole life, but the min u bring a new little one into this world, u learn overnight what matters... . ur missing my point also.... im like u as far as hustling dollars go... but it is also nice once u have got a little bit to let ur money work for u instead always having to work for it... some folks tie it up in stocks, or pay others to.... i dont know stocks, and dont trust others with my money.. what i do know is sports... nba league pass, nfl sunday ticket, college game day, and court pass... it is my stock market.. what ave folks dont realize is this... u are not competing vs vegas if ur smart... set money limit on what ur able to bet.. make rules and never deviate.. ur not playing against vegas if u dont let them enter in, ur playing against the people betting against u on each game u bet on... thats what i am great at.. keeping my rules, and beating my peers... u say u wont risk ur hard earned money... me neither... im not risking because im winning...almost every single week.. prob a 70%winner.... when i first started i did practice bets no money.. for a solid month.... when i realized i would have made 8 grand had i of played for real, thats when i started.... i hope u at least see where im coming from... i certainly see ur side  i hear ya.  i was never in  a position to gamble because the real life hustle was hard enough.  dont get me wrong either.  i buy stuff that i many not neccessarily need to survive becuase we all want cool things but like u said, ur successful 70% of the time.  if that was me doing the gambling, that 30% of the time losing would make me sh-it.  another side of it is that i seen many of my friends get sucked into  the world of gambling. whether it be slots, poker, or sports.  they obviously didnt have a 'system" and didnt know their limits.  they filed for bankrupcy and have been screwed for years livin paycheck to paycheck.  no way am i gonna put that on my loved ones if that 30% breaks me.  Thats why they call it gambling,  theres no sure thing.  the only sure thing i know of is getting that direct deposit and letting it grow. i do see where ur commin from.  to the point of someone talking trash to you.  i wasnt one of em.  here on the message board i junk talk about whatever is hot.  for some reason, the over under was the  hot topic becuase the game was getting outta hand.   good luck to what u do
sonicsarebackjack::i love a dollar just like the rest... ive been spoiled my whole life, but the min u bring a new little one into this world, u learn overnight what matters... . ur missing my point also.... im like u as far as hustling dollars go... but it is also nice once u have got a little bit to let ur money work for u instead always having to work for it... some folks tie it up in stocks, or pay others to.... i dont know stocks, and dont trust others with my money.. what i do know is sports... nba league pass, nfl sunday ticket, college game day, and court pass... it is my stock market.. what ave folks dont realize is this... u are not competing vs vegas if ur smart... set money limit on what ur able to bet.. make rules and never deviate.. ur not playing against vegas if u dont let them enter in, ur playing against the people betting against u on each game u bet on... thats what i am great at.. keeping my rules, and beating my peers... u say u wont risk ur hard earned money... me neither... im not risking because im winning...almost every single week.. prob a 70%winner.... when i first started i did practice bets no money.. for a solid month.... when i realized i would have made 8 grand had i of played for real, thats when i started.... i hope u at least see where im coming from... i certainly see ur side
sonicsarebackjack::why does anyone care what people online think.. u care what i think... u just read my long $@% post and then commented... so by ur own logic, u 2 are in the loser club... idiot
john 214::guys be nice this IS his social life.
sonicsarebackjack::its urs to u idiot.... ur up here as well
JamesElzi::oh yeah and you meant *half
sonicsarebackjack::mrs johnson is that u... i havent seen u since i was in ur 6th grade class
JamesElzi::i like turtles
Keith Closs::why do u care what anyone online thinks?  haha loser
john 214::I had a billion dollars on the under, no bull I swear lol.
BaySports 1.1::Paul Allen?
JamesElzi::too bad I had a trillion
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::Who thinks here lakers fans are mostly Mexican cholos?
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::The dodyers and the lakers lol
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::These are the same fans who chant MVP on staples.
call_me_Kobrick_cause_im_a_brick_layer::Did ur mom sleep with a mexican ? Ur last name should be Martinez huh ? i understand u being upset !!
Keith Closs::its ok...most clipper fans are asian nerds
Deaneer32::it's just ridiculous that some people say all Blake can do is dunk...
Deaneer32::True but hes working on it and you can see the difference.
john 214::That shooting got s to get a little bit better though
Deaneer32::hes one of the best passing and ball handling big men in the game and hes developing a jump shot...
sworthin117::cant really shoot...cant really dribble...cant really pass... but he can dunk
falco4758::had a grand on the under
falco4758::lol go to my twitter man, falco4758, theres screen shots of all my bets bud.. dont be mad
sworthin117::cookie now or cookie later? you only get one
call_me_Kobrick_cause_im_a_brick_layer::a grand of lies , get off this board u tool !!
karelp::Guess Blake is proving me right...when I said he's one of the best passing forwards in the NBA, to those who think he doesn't deserve to be an AS.
Igivegoodupdates::I like golden state Washington Under 194 Brooklyn
falco4758::lol i put a grand on the griz, so sad, thats not free money, warriors in a PK with the raprots is
parlaysfahdays::yeah free money was also the thunder and heat today right? Oh yeah grizzlies easy money. lol stop.
falco4758::warriors in a pick em  with the raptors is free money
parlaysfahdays::Everythings good besides Warriors dawg
falco4758::up 2,100 to end the week, was up 7,100 saturday, saddd
falco4758::nope, no mistake, sir, sorry i make more in a few hours then you do in 3 months
call_me_Kobrick_cause_im_a_brick_layer::U mistakenly added a 0 @ 2,100 u meant $2.10 no worries about the mistake i am sure most caught it
127decibels::@ Blazer fans. We all know we need a bench.  Who would you like to see the Blazers target this offseason?
Igivegoodupdates::We will trade gasol, Meeks,Ebanks.steve Blake,earl Clarke  for Aldridge ,Batum
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::Dwight Howard
sworthin117::Thats a tough question.  Maybe some celtics when they blow that up
127decibels::Yeah, Blazers and Celts about in the same place. Only difference is that Blazers are on the way up (with 2-3 acquisitions) and Celts are declining.
127decibels::Seriously...  who?  What about Pekovic?
hpatel199::RONDO
hpatel199::but thats not gonna happen
falco4758::wow under$$$$
Keith Closs::ill see u gamblers soon on the corner with "WIll work for food" signs
Keith Closs::i actually do. and a solid job. 401k  for miles.  not all of us here on the internet are 25 year old still live at home losers on the 12 year college plan.
parlaysfahdays::Cool man
parlaysfahdays::haha nice one dude! You must have alot of money yourself!
call_me_Kobrick_cause_im_a_brick_layer::Funny how Chris Paul had a huge smile on his face when Blake brushed his balls with a red glove !!
pacman_1::After 105 first half I was too confident of the over.  Wtf happened
Soonerhopeful1::Portland didn't do their comeback..  !
BaySports 1.1::Probably because the starters legs are about to fall off.
parlaysfahdays::Sports are gay to watch unless you bet on them. These guys don't give a s.hit about the game anymore its all about money.
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::Because you are gay
parlaysfahdays::Nice
parlaysfahdays::Not in todays era.
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::Gays always do that
parlaysfahdays::I said gay to watch, unless u have action. I played sports all my life i love em, i played a year of college ball, but its stupid to obsess over teams and etc.
sworthin117::if you play it, you should appreciate watching it
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::You play with gays
sworthin117::you probably dont play sports
hpatel199::sports are gay.... REALLY? let me guess u think makeup is the new straight. think about what u just said
Jerry Sandusky Jr.::hpatel199 - sports are gay.... REALLY? let me guess u think makeup is the new straight. think about what u just said  You are gay
