Alec Gonzalez::The bulls are BAD
Michael Joseph Papazian::Don't the Pistons get any credit?
Rocky Rosado::Michael Joseph Papazian nope…..c'mon man the pistons can't beat a healthy bulls team.
Kyle Raymer::Michael Joseph Papazian What is the deal with Detroit and crying when others criticize their team rather than slurp the Detroit team?
Philip Wilson::This is going to be a tough one but i believe the Pistons can win this one. Lets make it 4 straight
Michael Sexton::have these pistons found their identity? this will make 4 wins in a row and one against a really good team... this never happens
Michael Joseph Papazian::New team. New players. Sometimes it takes about 20 games to jell and get it together. The Pistons are back, that is for sure. 10-10 record is good in the east right now. They will continue to get over the .500 mark. A few of their losses they should have won.
Michael Sexton::I know the Chuck Daly, Bad Boy days will never come around again but it would be nice to be able to be proud of them again. They have been awful for so long... I'll give it another couple of games before I get excited
Arsen Jan Babayan::I love how Andre Drummond is quietly having a good season.............he's a rebounding machine..........3 games prior to this one he 18, 19, 18 rebounds a game...........and he had 14 in this one.  This guy owns the paint.
Paul Voelz::Plus he didn't play his normal minutes, he could have had more rebounds and had a double double.
Michael Joseph Papazian::Giving Drummond minutes to Harrelson was a genius move by Cheeks. Drummond had problems with guys like Boozer. They needed a veteran presence down there and Cheeks noticed it. Harrelson has 10 points.
Clarence Marcella Howard::Pistons will make the playoffs and they playing way better than the BS NETS..........AND THEY JUST BEAT MIAMI IT TAKES TIME TO BUILD CHEMISTRY BUT THEY'LL GET THERE
Jake Gibbs::Gotta give Dumars credit.  Total roster transformation over the past 4 years and he has the Pistons young and legit again. Very short period of time to gut a team and rebuild it.
MiQuel Carniel::The Bulls are wired backwards or born retarded they loose against the worst teams. I don't even count that win against Miami that was a fluke.
Mike Williams::haha they are born retarded
Brent B Jacoby::pistons have a better record than bulls and they beat miami IN miami. bulls only beat them at home. no surprises tonight
Will Bernanke::PISTONS +2 - 120 IS A LOCK BET,  BOOK IT!!!!!!  Deng is out and Bulls have no chance at all,  they are quitting, they are poorly coached and will be inept
Shawn Blond::They are quitting and poorly coached? lol. Your life is inept
Clint Czar Jefferson::LOL Will Bernanke this is the best troll comment I've read all day lol
Augustine Castro::How can u say the bulls are poorly coached when ur team been bums for a few years
Joe Brooks::Well, at least Rose doesn't have to worry about being ready for the playoffs. lol
Taylor Manes::Nah my friends...noah will not allow it...dunleavy and snell will jack up threes and noah boozer and gibson will get lots of rebounds.. 104-100 bulls win
Vladimir Tsalyuk::how is Dunleavy in the nba? its like hes at the 3 pnt line cuz hes too slow to get up and down the court so he just stands there. bulls are pitiful. Detroit should win cuz their guards aren't pathetic like chicago's
Paul Voelz::104-100? you do realize this is the Chicago Bulls right? they can't score. They defend well that's for sure, but no way in hell the score will be that high. I expect something in the mid 90's at most. More like 93-87 Pistons win.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::Paul Voelz they can definetly score when they don't try to run the clock out. Defense is pretty awful tho. every player on that team is so slow im starting to think they've been known for defense simply because they used to run the clock out to 4 seconds before shooting on every play, not one athletic player on the bulls team, they cant stay in front of anyone
Will Bernanke::26 points in 2nd half,  where is that idiot that said the bulls are gonna win?
Mike Williams::ik. the bulls only play hard against the heat, and then dont care the rest of the time. the pistons have finally found their identity, should be a good season
Terry Lear::Is this the night that DRose runs his mama off the court.
Terry Lear::Time to take my evening dump
Bruce Orlando Fontes::Thanks to this lame Eastern Conference, The Pistons by being consistent, have a really good chance to place somewhere between 3-6 seed for playoffs......Truthfully, besides Miami (which the Pistons beat already) and the Pacers (the best team in east and only true challenge for Pistons) what other team deserves to be ahead of Detroit??......Also remember this team is playing entirely with a new starting 5 and Stuckey is looking like a candidate for 6th man of the year!!.....Thanks to Chicago's misfortunes the second place spot in the division should easily be won be the Pistons.......A 4-game win streak surely is nothing to brag about but if they stretch this thing to 10+ games, look for experts and bandwagoners to jump aboard!
Sportsbettingstar.com::With five wins in their last seven games, the Detroit Pistons look to polish off a perfect three-game road swing when they take on the Bulls in Chicago on Saturday. Detroit has handled its business against teams near the bottom of the Eastern Conference standings in four of its recent wins but the Pistons also knocked off the Heat in Miami this week. Chicago is 2-4 since losing the centerpiece of their offense, point guard Derrick Rose, in a Nov. 22 loss to Portland but is coming off of a 20-point victory over Miami that has its players feeling a renewed confidence. Detroit hot and I like em to cover as the road dogs tonight
Paul Steeno::Disappointing. Really missed Deng tonight. The Bulls got away from what was making them successful in the first half (inside baskets) in the second half. The Bulls perimeter game was non-existent. Every game matters this season for seeding. We can't get the 7th or 8th seed, that is too hard of an early round matchup with Rose (potentially) coming back. The Bulls have to fight for every win this year.
Shanny Salcedo::guys the Pistons have SIZE just like the Bulls which is why they both beat Miami because they were dominating Miami's bigs on the glass....Besides Luol Deng * Jimmy Butler didn't play this game
Ronnie Duke::rose will be another greg oden. write it down. wonder if noah is still runnin' his mouth about the heat, and he can't even beat detroit?
Marcleen Bavogui::THATS  the bulls superbowl and every team for that matter.. beat the heat celebrate and stink up the joint in the next game
Marcos Kolioulis::stfu wade is just as much hurt every year, ill laugh if he gets a kobe contract
Ronnie Duke::um...wade has back to back titles...rose will never win one...FAIL
Nashon Notyourtypicalsmith::Deeeeeettttroit Baaaaasketballllll! Good win, 3 point shooting, and defense.
Andrew Fuehring::Can Bulls tank already?  Whats the point of making the playoffs at 7-8 seed and getting blown out 1st round?
Jake Gibbs::There is no point.  But with most teams in the east trying to tank it will be hard not to make the playoffs.
Andrew Fuehring::I know how to tank... trade Deng and start Marquis Teague over Hinrich.  That will ensure 70 losses.
Will Bernanke::easy win with Pistons,   Bulls are INEPT and have a coach who cant make halftime adjustments!!!   NBA is soooo easy!
Eddy Saleh::I bet all u pistons fans said they would beat the bulls last time they played too how'd that spanking by 20 feel?
GQ Posture::I'ts funny how Booz has been the healthiest of CHI's starters over the past few years. How ironic...
Jake Gibbs::Boozer has been a very good player for a long time.
Joe Brooks::Maybe too long.
Greg Eddins::detroit going to win because they need this win to have momentum leading up to the Miamil Heat game at home
Anila Khan::they're going to win because they need to win? that doesn't make any sense
Bryan James::Anila Khan Yeah and the Bulls know that Detroit needs to win so they are gonna let them!! lolz Dumb Logic!
