Packnation21::great ending, although if Noah was in there the rebounding wouldnt of been in favor of Toronto, keep it rolling and Rose can keep getting healthy  GO BULLS!!
Nanrad_91::Noah might not get suspended.
airmike2334::LUUUUOL DENG-EROUS. GO BULLS
JMoney996::I think Raptors paid the refs to eject Joakim.......... it shouldn't have even been a close game.
sjr1893::lieutenant deng reporting for duty
chicagofan68::haha, stupid FTLakerfan gets dominated and runs away
Gex.2::pretty much.
FTLakerFan::wow, 40 wins, im impressed.......now try winning something that matters in the playoffs....Bulls are just like LeBron, they both choke when it matters
Erica6592::That has yet to determined! By your logic The Thunder can't make it because you say so? lmao
trizzo23::when #1 seed loses..they choked...period..who cares about vegas?
Gex.2::the guy said nobody expected the lakers to win, and that everyone expected the bulls to be in the finals.  the guy was wrong on BOTH of those things.  Everyone had a Lakers-Miami finals.  Hence, LA choked by being swept 4-0 in the 2nd round.
chicagofan68::not to mention, his post implied a pattern of choking, like lebron, despite the fact that his example was a single time that wasn't even 'choking' to begin with.
chicagofan68::it's a choke when they're expected to win....they weren't expected to win, thus not a choke. pretty straightforward.  and it's more than just vegas, it's also what all the 'experts' predicted.
Erica6592::The Bulls were expected to be fourth of fifth in the league last season! They were NOT expected to make it the ECF last year either! get your facts straight.
chicagofan68::don't be an idiot. the bulls have been favored ONCE and have lost to a lower seed ONCE and it was the second seed anyway. gtfoh with your bullsh!t.
FTLakerFan::nope, nobody expected the Lakers to win last year, everyone thought the Bulls would at least get to the finals, which they didn't. you guys got nothing to brag about until you win a ring, regular season means nothing
chicagofan68::vegas odds (as listed in that link) had: 1. Lakers 2. Heat 3. Celtics 4. Spurs 5. Bulls  so yeah, he doesn't know what he's talking about.
Gex.2::nobody expected lakers to win last year?  try again.  half of ESPN picked LA and other half picked MIA  http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/preview2010/news/story?page=Predictions1011-NBAchamps  LA choked harder than anyone last year.
chicagofan68::and also, you're flat out wrong. idiot.  http://bleacherreport.com/articles/658201-2011-nba-playoff-predictions-nba-championship-odds-for-all-16-teams/page/13
jamie5734::Didnt the Lakers choke last year too
yardog59::The Bulls have answered every challenge posed to them thus far. They've dealt with injuries far better than any team in recent memory. The fact that their role players have stepped up to the task and exceeded most everyone's expectations says a lot about this team. The bench players are now well seasoned and better conditioned for the playoffs. I'm not certain that the other teams can maintain the Bulls intensity. Having Rose completely rested after the number of minutes he played per game earlier in the season is going to be huge.
jemcnamara6363::Exactly...I think the injuries have been a bit of a mixed blessing because it has forced the team to change up the rotations and the bench has had to play far more minutes than they would otherwise.  I think the front office and Thibs have done a fantastic job to build this team and develop so much depth..because without that depth they would not be the best record in the league.
chicagofan68::yeah, it really is great. and yet with every loss without a key player the heat trolls act like it's a sign we don't have depth, ignoring every game like this (or even the most recent heat game). this team seems to be somehow underrated despite being the only 40 win team...
chicagofan68::heat fans constantly bring up last year and say this team hasn't changed, but....the offense has improved incredibly, and this is with major injuries to some of our best offensive threats in rose, rip, deng, and watson. if we're healthy, this team is very strong on both sides of the floor.
chicagofan68::regular season also doesn't change the fact that the bulls are better than the heat.
fairandbalanced00::regular season means nothing, just to talk smack. See you in the playoffs, say hi to debrick for me.
chicagofan68::there's a difference between 'bragging rights' and acting like you're still better than us, which is all that most heat trolls do. the bulls are a better team <i>this</i> season, and bringing up last year doesn't change that.
fairandbalanced00::Heat fans have the bragging rights over your bulls, until you get them out, they will continue to remind you who ended your season.   4-1.
chicagofan68::no. between noah and boozer being out, bogans starting, and the team just not playing nearly as well offensively, i don't think they could be nearly this strong without him. which is why he deserved the MVP last year but not this year IMO.
yardog59::Does anyone think that last years Bulls could have done what this years Bulls have done without Rose?
jemcnamara6363::Lest you forget...a potential Heat vs. Bulls matchup in the ECF is also a matchup between Spoles and Thibs...that alone puts the Bulls at an advantage.
Erik_879::Wow, I cannot believe the bulls beat Toronto.  The bulls were outplayed in almost every aspect of the game.  Nothing to be happy about for the bulls &amp; their fans, just an overall bad game and Toronto was the better team last night.  Looking forward to the Bulls getting Rose back.  I really wonder how much of an inpact Hamilton will have once he returns, bulls may be better off with Lucas seeing more time that Hamilton in the playoffs.  I don't think there is many other teams that can win without their star player out, so huge kudos to the bulls and their depth.  The only thing that concerns me about Rose is his shooting percentage, he really needs to get closer to 45% a game in the playoffs or the bulls could be in a lot of trouble, thank god this team can rebound.
jemcnamara6363::Erik...with all due respect...who cares.  Bottom line...playoff calibur teams with their mind intent on winning a championship find ways to win game like the one they did last night.  This is why the Bulls are going some where and the Raptors are not.
DaMitzDesign::We played like crap last night. It just shows the composer of the Bulls and how deep the "Bench Mob" is. We basically had 2 key players out last night (DRose &amp; Noah). Noah was ejected early last night.
chicagofan68::nothing to be happy about? it was a $@%!$@ game no doubt, but a win is a win, after all. and doing so with no rose, no rip, and noah gone for a half and OT? not nothing.
erivera723::- Vin Diesel
chicagofan68::exactly.
DaMitzDesign::"It doesn't matter if you win by an inch or a mile. A win's a win."
yardog59::The Bulls have maintained the best record in the league despite being without their MVP for 16 games. What have the Heat done this year that impresses you??
jemcnamara6363::It isn't that he Heat have or haven't done things to impress, but rather that they are going about their business.  Conversely, I would say that the Bulls have certainly impressed and in light of all the injuries and Rose's absence you have seen a number of players truly step up and evolve as legitimate weapons.  For example, Ronnie Brewer, CJ Watson, Taj Gibson and John Lucas have really become integral elements of this team and performing on both ends of the court.  Frankly, I'm a bit nervous about what impact Rip will have once he returns because the rotation that the Bulls have looks exceptional and thus I don't have a good sense as to how that will impact the team once he does show up...if that even happens.
yardog59::The Heat beating the Bulls in the playoffs would be an upset!!
jab4962::The bulls are better, but never overestimate the Heat's ability to make themselves overrated.
chicagofan68::all of which could be different by the ECF. hard to be certain right now how it will be then.
Erica6592::Have you watched ESPN or other betting odds
Rossi46Doctor::True.  They bet on the front-runner every time.  I remember one of their analysts picking the Giants to win the SB somewhere around mid-season, but other than that, they all play it safe.  Not being a Heat nut-hugger puts them at risk of losing their phony credibility. The only one I respect is Jon Barry. At least he gives the Bulls enough respect to give them a chance against the Heat.
DaMitzDesign::There are a bunch of morons over @ ESPN.
yardog59::LOL at ESPN and anything they predict; their record is $@%! poor, . Betting odds for the playoffs are useless at this point.
Erica6592::Not really! The the Heat are favored....It would be an upset if either team were to bounced out in the 1st round
yardog59::Where have you seen that the Heat are favored? I would like to see that.
Erica6592::Just because the Heat beat the Bulls in a 7 game series LAST YEAR doesn't mean that the Bulls aren't capable of fliping the script on the Heat. ANTHING can happen in the playoffs! Heck what would happen if niether team makes it to the EFC? Fans of both teams need to stop acting their teams are unstoppable!
jemcnamara6363::For what ever reason...I have the sense that LBJ will try to take over games in the 4th quarter if it is a Bulls vs. Heat matchup in the ECG.  However, I think that action will prove to be costly and detrimental to their efforts...and that will be the Heats undoing.  Realize all the presure is on the Heat and each season that goes by that they don't win the Championship only adds to that pressure.  Which means that each PO game is ramping up the presure for them...the closer they get to making that reality happen will only make the reality more daunting.
JusOsome1::Yes sir this is how I look at it as long as Bosh is shut down just let Lebron and D.Wade score because we all know that Lebron is invisible when it comes down the the 4th quarter anyone we have more then a shot to get to the finals because with all they talent they can't land a bench!!! Bench is what wins championships!!!
fairandbalanced00::Not against your bulls he wasn't invisible in the 4th quarter, game 5 ECF, remember?? Pretty sure you didn't sleep that night.
jemcnamara6363::Gotta agree with ya Yardog...there is something very different about the Bulls this season, and frankly they are being tested each and every step of the way, which is something I don't think the Heat can state.  That testing and pressure being applied to the Bulls will be significant when it comes playoff time.
fairandbalanced00::Not Miami, they breeze through the ECF, I don't know about the Bulls though, they might struggle in the second round.
JusOsome1::I do agree yardog59 but they choke on the finals floor and these heat fans all up in our mix blogging like this game was heat vs. bulls game! Im soo tired hearing about them we get a pinch of the spotlight on ESPN but they continue to pump MIA so the anger can be about them also pumping up the heat like they won the ship last year!
JusOsome1::The news,broadcasters, everybody hated on Chicago since back in the day still no love so we have to prove them wrong once again that Chicago has a great team.
DaMitzDesign::I agree, ESPN screws the Chicago Bulls of highlights A LOT. Believe or not, I wrote to ESPN about that and I don't even get a response.
yardog59::The Heat did nothing last year but lose better than the Bulls.
jemcnamara6363::No picking but the Heat won in 5 games...but yes it was a 7 game series and I do believe that the Bulls can flip the script as you put it.
DaMitzDesign::If both teams don't make it to the EFC, ratings will drop drastically. It will be a real boring EFC.
yardog59::Last year is all Heat trolls can bring to the table.
tfec2233::Nothing can be determined  this season until we see  more games of a 100% healthy Bulls team.  It's happened a few times this year and if I'm correct Chicago has won them all.
fairandbalanced00::chicago fans tend to forget how it was in the last ECF, with two defensive teams it's all about match ups, games are going to be close and both coaches use a smaller rotation in the playoffs. Miami has 3 guys who can create their own shots and chicago has 1. In a 7game series chicago will be exposed again on how they have to rely on one player "debrick rose" and I say have to because he won't pass the ball in the final minutes. Same players=same results.
chicagofan68::you're also ignoring that those 'same players' have improved quite a bit. the problem was offense? offensive efficiency is up from 12th to 3rd. that's a <i>huge</i> improvement for a team that, according to you, is exactly the same as last year. and that's with major injuries to rose, rip, deng, and watson, all legitimate scorers for this team.  thinking this team is the same is flat-out wrong.
fairandbalanced00::O'Reily is the man. they've done it before against the bulls, they will do it again. Haslem, Miller, Battier,Cole,JJones,Turiaf.
jemcnamara6363::The only guy I think has value is Battier...the others have not been remotely close to what they were last year and frankly the jolt of energy they got from Haslem in the series has not translated into this season.  Frankly Haslem has not played to the level he did in the PO's last year...so maybe he turns it up in the PO's but you can state that he is playing great.  Oh and Cole got schooled by Lucas...so explain how they nuetralize that...oh that's right you put LBJ on a him...hahaha.
jemcnamara6363::Ok Mr. Bill O'Reily...now that you have stated the obvious regarding matchups, I would point out that the Bulls didn't shortened their rotation in the PO vs. Heat and in fact used 10 players.  I would also add that for the Heat to win agains the Bulls they will need more than what they did last year and certainly can not count on the 74 and 81 point contributions that the Big 3 had in the last two meetings.  The Heat will need to get production out of their bench and this is where the Bulls have a decided advantage.  Say what you will about the Big 3 and how they are better and more capable than any 3 of the Buls, but reality is this until the Heat win a title and demonstrate the ability to work as a team and garner consistent support from their bench all your comments are rendered moot and theoretical.
tfec2233::I don't think last year matters and I don't think the John Lucas career game matters, both of you are wrong.
yardog59::Also, using your logic the Bulls beat the Heat two weeks ago with absolutely nobody.   LOL @ Heat trolls all day long!!
DaMitzDesign::You need grammar lessons.
yardog59::Heat fans are always very quick to bring up las years ECF;  let's play the same game. How did that work out for you two short weeks ago when the Bulls were without the only player you claim can create his own shots?
acarrero50::Its Really Simple Bulls Are Taking it This Year, This Is A True TEAM There's No I In Team! Rose Sits Out Thats Ok We Got Way More People To Make Up Those Minutes And Make The Most Out Of Them! BULLS Vs Thunder In Finals Bulls In 6! 0.o
JusOsome1::Im with that bro and that is why we are number 1 because this is a team sport and we have the best coach in the league Tibbs going for his second in a row for C.O.Y.
lennylen2013::Bandwagon heat fans= trolls
Erica6592::Serious question for Bulls fans: If the playoffs started today they would be playing the Knicks. Could you see the Knicks pulling off an upset like the Griz vs Spurs last season? Be honest because they have been playing good defense and they do have a lot of talent. P.S. I know this is off topic, but I would rather have a more serious converstation about basketball instead of feeding the trolls
DaMitzDesign::No, the NY Knicks will not have a good chance of beating the Chicago Bulls. They're just in a mini winning streak.... or was. Give the Knicks a few years to adjust playing together, then MAYBE they can be a contender.
Erica6592::The knicks have two games against the Bulls in a few weeks! I wonder if: A. D-rose is going to play in both games and B: If he will do so with a HUGE chip on his shoulder?
Nanrad_91::I would argue that they were playing poorly as well. Also, with or without Rose?
lennylen2013::You obviously haven't been watching their past couple of games
fairandbalanced00::knicks have the talent but can't play team d, No chance against chicago.
lennylen2013::I'm a Knicks fan and don't get me wrong the Bulls are an awesome team, but if you look at the regular season games they played against the Knicks they were fairly close games and the knicks were playing horrible during that strench i honestly believe that the Knicks match up pretty well vs Bulls not saying the Knicks would destroy the bulls of course not, but would definitely give them a headache. should be a fun match up if it does happen
lennylen2013::Por fin el pendejo de boozer ta jugando bien
lennylen2013::But at the end of the day if i had kids i would keep them away from Lebron James cause he is the biggest choke hazard in history
fairandbalanced00::Against the Heat boozer will suck again, especially against CBosh.
yardog59::Once again, another "Because I Said So" statement. What do you have to back that statement up?? Try to stay within the confines of This Year, please.
lennylen2013::I come to A-me-ri- ka lol j/k but boozer is playing much better Bulls are definitely looking scary to play against even when rose isn't on the team
Rick-Da-Villain::Oh ok....much respect
Rick-Da-Villain::English please ..
lennylen2013::it was a compliment
yardog59::Clever nonetheless
yardog59::Wow, so clever
dslick34::Heat fans on this board talking about Ronny Turiof?  Let me guess, he puts the Heat over the top, just like when the Heat picked up Battier and Curry this year, and Bibby last year. Smh.
JusOsome1::I do agree with you Lenny plus the trolls are seasoned players compared to the Bulls and as you know nobody in the world like our city when it comes to sports anyway Chi-Town for life!!!!
lennylen2013::If any of you guys have kids, here's a warning to you all keep them away from Lebron James cause he is a choke hazard.
fairandbalanced00::Not hate just facts. debrick rose is the only one who has choked, against Miami. Put him in the lineup and it will be the same results. Sorry guys, not until your bulls take Miami out of the playoffs can claim that you are better than the Heat. Miami fans have all the bragging rights. Deal with it.
JusOsome1::Whats to brag about the Heat didn't come home with nothing either!!
Nanrad_91::In the minds of Heat fans, it doesn't matter if the Bulls eliminate them, they will always bring up 2011 ECF. OR claim that the Heat played poorly, why do the Bulls have to prove themselves to people who don't care.
JusOsome1::All the heat fans use to be Lakers fans lol
JusOsome1::The Heat has no bench and the Bulls are a much better team then last year so lets talk about this year and the bench mob has stepped up totally compare to last year they know they role please no more talk of the 3 supremes a.k.a. DA HEAT!!!! We can't even have a descent conversation about Chi-Town without ppl adding they comments about them remember they choked in the finals.
DylanJ404::why dont heat fans stay on there own board?
Rick-Da-Villain::Can't spell H.A.T.E w/o a heat fan posting on da bulls board
surfzone365::Because this world is full of hate, and hate has no boundaries.  Can't spell HEAT without H-A-T-E.
surfzone365::When LeBron makes "The Decision II: I'm taking my talents to Hollywood to play for the Los Angeles Lakers", then all these Heat trolls will become Laker trolls...again like they were before 7/8/2010
fairandbalanced00::Oh yeah, that same sorry bench took care of your bulls in the last ECF, in 5 games. REMEMBER?? Where was your so called bench mob??
fairandbalanced00::Dude that was a long long  time ago, there are other players that have done worse things..kobe,dhoward  ring the bell?
LosHeatSonLosMejores9::What if he would have "decided" on Chicago???
yardog59::Trust me; nobody slams Lebron because of last year. Most people would probably like him if not for how he handled the whole "Decision" thing. It's really not a good thing to start acting like you're bigger than the game.
fairandbalanced00::Talk about hypocrisy, "last year" Lebron didn't get his ring and yet you chicago fans are still calling him names because of it but when it's the other side of the coin and it is mentioned how Miami took care of your bulls in the ECF then you talk about that was last year. Not until you beat them can you compare your bulls to the Heatles.
yardog59::Last year again?? Is that really all you have??
MisterJumanji::TOM THHTHTHTHIBODEAU IS THE REASON THE BULLS ARE SO GOOD. NOT DERRICK ROSE.
johnjon720::the Bulls wouldve b-b-b-blown out the Raptors w/Rose insteady of b-b-b-barely winning in ot.
Rick-Da-Villain::So w/o rose your saying da bulls are better? ?  Fail argument
BigBasketBallz::Scal is the true MVP
surfzone365::I blieve the human shamrock Brian Scalabrine is the key.  His presence on the team gives off a good-like aura that is unmatched.
MisterJumanji::TOM THIBODEAU SHOULD WIN MVP.
Rick-Da-Villain::Yeah a coach should win most valuable player of the year...Epic Fail
surfzone365::I agree.  I don't believe Phil Jackson could do a whole lot better with this team.
Kskate2::Wrong.  Thibs has ring he won w/ the Celts.
surfzone365::I like PJ, always will.  He brought us 6 titles, but I think Thibs has done a PJ-like job with this team.
fairandbalanced00::What a sin, to say that Phil Jackson who has "11rings" would not an equal or better job than your current coach who has 0 rings.
jclaus17::I love how on ESPN they talked about the Bulls crazy win for about 45 seconds, then jumped straight into talking about the Heat and how they are going to make the finals and their match ups there for about 2 minutes!  Keep kissing their @sses keeps us hungry.
surfzone365::No need to be concerned about stuff like that.  ESPN still rides Tiger Woods' jock like he has always been an angel.  ESPN is like any other network (i.e. CNN)....biased and opinionated.
DaMitzDesign::Well said....
droseta::The Bulls clinch a playoff birth...now, finally, Thibs can relax.
Nanrad_91::Thibs will never really until he has the Finals trophy.
surfzone365::If Rip can stay healthy for more than 2 games at a time, and can get in a late season groove, I like our chances even more.  Just need to make sure the rest of his body is more durable than that plastic mask he wears.
fairandbalanced00::If you guys know anything about chemistry, you should know that no good coach will install a player into the rotation just like that when the current rotation is flowing, if the aged hamilton is not ready come playoff time, then, he should just sit. Or else he will disrupt the team's flow of the rotation and will be an easy series victory by Miami.
surfzone365::If Rip can contribute at all, it will boost our offense.  Not expecting him to play like he was 23
fairandbalanced00::ha!!, a 34yr old who hasn't played most of this season is going to come back like a spring chicken and run around the entire basketball court, just like that. Wishful thinking. Chances are he'll get injured again.
fairandbalanced00::Turiaf plays D and hustles..... what, you need rip to play d??
buller23::better then ronny turiof
yardog59::They've been winning without him so far, no??
dslick34::Yeah, I say Rip needs to sit until he's 100%. We will need him come playoff time.
dslick34::Rose sitting out is the best thing to happen to the Bulls. Not a dig at D-Rose, but more to the point that the role players are getting tons of experience playing in games like last night which was tough, but the guys dug deep and pulled out the win. Come playoff time, the Bulls as a whole is going to be tough as Thibs will have the luxury of going with a variety of lineups throughout the game with a healthy roster.
fairandbalanced00::Oh I forgot, chicago fans "don't troll"
fairandbalanced00::you should check the Heat Index....it's troll heaven from chicago.
yardog59::They haven't quite made an art form out of it like Heat fans have.
fairandbalanced00::Yeah until debrick rose comes back and starts ball hogging again, and remember, come playoff time those bench guys will be reduced during the playoffs. Won't get past the Heat though.
yardog59::See my post above; Rose is anything but a ball hog. Nice try though. Like a good troll, you have nothing to go on so might as well just make stuff up as you go, right?
Sons Keeper::Gaining wisdom from the past is the only way to move forward... Last season the Bulls Great Team Defense masked Rose's deficiencies as a point guard and leader for the entire regular season (like now, best record in NBA) but when they ran up against the Heat, he was exposed. Their offense was exposed. Thibs was exposed. He needs to coach Rose more effectively.
buller23::offense was exposed???????????? ur a complete idiot
dslick34::Rose was not exposed. The Bulls just lacked a consistent second scorer, and the Heat doubled up on Rose. Rose wasn't healthy (ankle), and Jo and Booz were dealing with nagging injuries also. The Bulls know they can beat the Heat meaning the players from top to bottom. I think this is the year that comes to fruition.
surfzone365::The past is the past.  Not concerned about the last 3 years.  All we're saying is that this gives the other players some valuable playing time without Rose being there to bail them out.  While this doesn't guarantee success in the playoffs, iI feel better this year than last year knowing we have players who can ball even if Rose is out of the equation.
Sons Keeper::The problem is, they could have been "practicing" this the last 3 years if Rose hadn't been allowed to gun so much. This could very well be derailed if Rose comes back and continues his selfish style of play. Which is great for the regular season but ineffective against good teams, in a 7 game series.
johnjon720::I hate to say it, but he has point, Rose has the ability to be in the top 5 in assists in the league at least. He shoots more than he has to, and his FG % suffers bc of it. If it wasnt for Noah and Deng rebounding abilities, it would cost the Bulls some victories.
dslick34::I have to disagree. Thibs has flexibility in that he can go with various lineups depending on the game situation. Rose being out has allowed him to see what works with the role players, and what doesn't. Most teams don't have this luxury, as they have a set rotation of players they go with, thus leaving a few players not getting playing time at all. Other than Scal, the rest of the Bulls have been getting major burn since Rose been out.
yardog59::Selfish style of play?? You do realize that Rose sits # 8 in the league in assists?? That means he has more than Lebron, Kobe, Wade....................Rethink that and get back to us.
surfzone365::My thoughts exactly.  This experience the bench players are getting is invaluable.  They are winning tough, close games.  practice makes perfect.
dslick34::The road games are invaluable in terms of dealing with hostile crowds also. For the Bulls to keep winning like this without their best player is a confidence booster to guys on the team that usually don't see much playing time like Butler and Lucas.
Rick-Da-Villain::Da Bulls the first to clinch a playoff berth...woohoo
surfzone365::You're right, I just noticed that. Awesome
BigBasketBallz::Watson was superclutch last night scoring 13 of the last 15 of the Bulls points in the 4th.  And all were clutch shots.  Even his miss in overtime went in lol
surfzone365::The 2004 Pistons championship team was a perfect example of team basketball.  They didn't have a true "mega-star" on their team.  They were a group of good players that functioned as a solid machine.  The took a Lakers team that had Shaq, Kobe, Karl Malone, and Gary Payton to the woodshed.  I'll take solid team ball over a squad with 2-3 stars playing as individuals.
Sons Keeper::Even the Lakers team that you mentioned, they played great team ball because of the Triangle, the coach and a collective team mind set. The ball moved fluently before that 4th year when Kobe decided he wanted to put his scoring prowess on display... That's how that series against the Pistons ended up being so one sided.
surfzone365::My point is, the Bulls are displaying a of grit and hard play that 2004 team showed.  That in itself will take them far, no matter Rose's health.  Ultimately, they need Rose though if they want to win the title.  Glad he is getting rest now.
surfzone365::That 2004 season is what sealed their all-star status
BigBasketBallz::They were all all-stars at some point though.  Billups, both Wallaces, Hamilton, not sure if Prince ever was but thats alot of all-stars already
Sons Keeper::Absent Rose, the wins continue to just pile up, along with the confidence of his much maligned "inadequate"  supporting cast who continue to buck the biased notion that "Rose doesn't have any help"... "that's why he has to shoot so much"... SMDH... There has been some Great TEAM BASKETBALL being played as of late in Chicago!
Sons Keeper::Much better. always have been. they were last season and the Bulls would have faired much better against the Heat in the semi's if Rose played his position instead of looked to score 95% of the time.  Rose's style of play can be masked by the Bulls Great Team Defense but during the playoffs against a top tier defensive team, they will be easily dissected with Rose playing like that...
jamie5734::I agree, this team is better than what people give them credit for
jamie5734::The bulls will take the Heat to 6 games this time around, im not sold on Rip Hamilton yet
jamie5734::If Rip can give the team a consistent 14 or 15 ppg then the Bulls can win
surfzone365::I wish Rip was healthy enough to be on the court longer than 2 games at a time.  I believe we're getting him back soon though.
Sons Keeper::Rose is being exposed, and so are his shameless apologists...
rsleepo::Kinda successful troll is kinda successful
jamie5734::What has he done to be exposed
surfzone365::How do you figure that?  Rose has a cast of supporting team members that can keep the ship afloat while out.  That speaks volumes of the team overall.  Remember, team is more than one person.
Sons Keeper::Somebody needs to tell Rose and his apologists that...
Epicki::Exposed? How so?
surfzone365::That was a heck of a game last night.  Bulls had no business winning that game, but I'll take it!  Their defense sucked, Noah lost his cool and got tossed, they missed a TON of free throws, and just looked out of sync all night.  Got to play better!  Go Bulls!
yardog59::Nobody has an argument outside of "Last Year" as to why they feel Heat &gt; Bulls. Let's hear your arguments; REAL arguments.
jamie5734::Neither team has really gotten better
Jaguarcrazyboy::Um... Because Colin Cowherd, Michael Smith and a bunch of the other ESPN talkin heads said so... Does that count???  Heat fans.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Bulls can't win without Rose.. Bulls do not have an offense...Bulls blah blah blah.  The truth is, Chicago has one of the top teams in the league...
dabearsfan113::Oh - and if baby bron bron goes down, which can be any moment of any game (see him falling on his back and staying there Miami??) then WHAT??
yardog59::If the Heat lose James or Wade, they're done for the season and every Heat fans knows this. The Bulls on the other hand, have been without Rose for 16 games, have been without Deng, Noah, Watson...........yet all they do is win. Deepest bench in the league is far better than the Two man team from South Beach.
Jaguarcrazyboy::and it will get deeper by adding another big man or shooter.
Jaguarcrazyboy::1st they said we had no offense without Rose.. Then they said we had no team without Rose..... Now they are saying Bulls do have a team without Rose but cannot score enough to beat MIA.. But they did.
dabearsfan113::Miami Fans love to live last year, calling the Bulls Regular Season champs. You are the full season CHUMPS that are going to get BULLED over in the ECF - IF you make it there
TRUESFONE::W! Nuf said it beats all sarcasm , and stats !!!!!
SonnyBlack45::Reg. season champs and that's all... Your Bulls will lose to Miami again when it counts. Carry on.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Your heat lost to Chicago with John Lucas starting.. and I'm not dissing him at all.. I'm dissing you.
dabearsfan113::Just as Miami's arrogance made them a target and joke last season in the Finals, it will be again this year. But you will lose to the confident and quiet Bulls in ECF
yardog59::If the Heat get that far. I remember them losing twice in a ten day span to the mighty Bucks, including an absolute throttling in Miami.
TRUESFONE::Keep your fingers crossed , even the sun shines on a dogs $@%! Miami might make it past the first round!
Dr. Octopustephanopoulos::Lol imagine if the Bulls win a championship this year without Rose. I'd pay big money to see that happen.
Black_Jellybean::dat would be ther best chance to win.
Dr. Octopustephanopoulos::Cromartie: Lebron, I am your father.    Delonte: Wait, I thought I was his father.    Kemp: Nah, I'm his father.    Gloria: You're all wrong, I got aids.
Team Awesome21::What about your mom?
Team Awesome21::your sick pal
Dr. Octopustephanopoulos::What about him?
Alejandra7788::I missed the first half of the game..what happened to noah??
Team Awesome21::got called on a foul that was $@%!$@%! then threw the ball at a ref no big deal
Team Awesome21::By the way GBM your a heat fan so your opinion dont matter
Team Awesome21::sarcasm..........
GBM04::Yea, assaulting a ref is no big deal.
GBM04::Bad hair day...
Team Awesome21::daaaaa bulls holding it down till d-rose comes back whats up
Willmays87::im sorry but they need to make watson the third string. he makes the most dumb choices man. doesnt know how to roll off the pick and roll, jackin up 3's when he has no business doing so, and almost lost us the game tryin to be rose at the end. we almost lost the game because of him!!
BigBasketBallz::Without Watson Bulls would have been blownout last night
Willmays87::ive never liked watson tho. hes such a poor choice maker
ChicagoSportsFTW8510::we didn't play withNoah, Rose, or RIP calm down haha
nba is the worst::Bulls lucky to escape - gotta do better at the ft line
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Bulls looking much more efficient without Rose on the floor.
Gzosh67::without rose
ChicagoSportsFTW8510::not really, since he's been gone they've went from 1st to 4th in assists and from 6th to 12th in offense
curtom10::Clearly you choose to miss my point entirely and avoid the facts. Doesn't change a thing though. The Bulls remain op top with the best record in the league. Go ahead and make up excuses for that too. I'll wait...
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Really meant shooting, whats their fg% with/without rose?
ChicagoSportsFTW8510::he's said more efficient bro
Gzosh67::nobody is saying the bulls are just as good
curtom10::On the  contrary. The Bulls simply play the game the way it is supposed to be played. Their team plays as a TEAM unlike many other mediocre teams in the league. That is what enables them to win with so many pieces consistently UNLIKE other teams in the league when their best players go down. An incredible job of coaching by Tibs! One of the best coaches I've ever seen with or without a championship.
PlayerPresident1::get off the bulls nuts.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Sounds like your the one on their nuts. Im not a cow fan.
LeoPat11::Lieutenant Deng for the win!!!!
GBM04::Bulls,Patriots,Phillies and Canucks all had the best records last season.How many of them won a championship?
PlayerPresident1::this is a new season.  but apparently you're stuck in the past in order to sleep better at night.
aise5668::Packers had a better record than Pats.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::And still didn't win.
GBM04::Youre welcome.
yardog59::Make sure you come back after the post season, we'll update your list for you..
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::None?
aise5668::paying someone to take your SAT's - $500  paying for illegal transportation of your younger brother to games - $750  paying restitution for costing your university to forfeit 38 games -$100,000  amount of money costing The Good Wife - $75,000  amount of max contract - $80 million  amount of shoe deal - $200 million  watching DRose sit on the sideline with his thumb up his a$$ while his team wins game after game and exposes him for the fraud that he is - priceless
curtom10::Wow! You sound like a jealous little girl hateful of all things she doesn't have. Get over it already!
LeoPat11::Come on stop hating on the youngest MVP ever
GBM04::I know right, hes soooooooo humble too.
jtam815::You're honestly stupid. Stop hating on Rose
PlayerPresident1::aise, you show know by now that jealousy, envy and hate gets you no where in life.
Mike091361::Still mad about memphis vacating all their wins bro?
RunTheBall22::Rose is the youngest MVP ever and is more of a closer than Lebron will ever be--fact
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Lol ever wonder why everyone compares a player in question to Lebron? Because hes good.
yardog59::More wins than any team + less losses than any team = Best Team In The League!!   Let the trolls say what they want; they have nothing. The trolls have no tangible argument as to why any team is better than the Bulls. They've beaten everybody and have done it without their best players on the court. That is NOT something that Miami or OKC could do. Bring on the playoffs along with the haters and the Trolls. They will still have their excuses after the Bulls win the Championship, but there will be far fewer of them.
GBM04::Best record doesnt always mean best team.Did you see the Super Bowl?
yardog59::Why compare it at all?
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::And neither does having the best regular season record. Obviously history repeats itself that's why y'all so scared of the past.
PeteyC25::No you shouldnt compare this year to any year because it has no effect on the outcome of this season
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Im just saying, you guys had the best record last year and it didn't mean shiit. How else you want me to compare it? To next year?
yardog59::Because it's obviously the same team as last year, right? Last year is no argument to say someone is better. Last year was last year.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Worked out well for you last year huh?
GBM04::I guess we'll see.
mankivigs::In this case it does. The Bulls are definetly the best team.
alud21::Lost my voice going nuts when deng hit that, crazy game to go too.
