CubicleJoe::sakes alive...i like jennings, but i wish he wouldn't throw up so many of these 4-16, 5-20 type nights.  he sure seems quick enough to drive and kick to create better shots.
TehGame::8 assists 3 turnovers compared to 3 assists 6 turnovers to kyre, plus 3 steals. Brandons shooting percentage is weak but his D and A/TO ratio is pretty damn good in comparison to similar players.
JohnsonnnL::Way to many turnovers by the Cavs, and there were to many times where Kyrie would set Varejao and  Zeller up for an open shot, but they would be too hesitant to take the shot, or instead look to pass and the play would result in a turnover or a bad shot.
Mr. Bradford::Jennings oh Jennings, please shoot better against the Clippers tommarow night. 25% ain't gonna cut it.   Go Bucks!
IVI PapaDoc IVI::Those uniforms for the Bucks were sexy
colobr731::Yeah, they should wear the reds as their default away jersey.
colobr731::Yay, the Bucks are back to beating enough bad teams to stay out of the lottery, keep Skiles from getting fired and get bounced from the first round of the playoffs. Go Milwaukee, this lack of an actual plan is going to work out well next year...
BigPappaW::How else can you win? i'd love to hear your insight.
BigPappaW::spend more money getting talent?
zachsim::what do you want the Bucks to do, go out there are try to lose on purpose, come to think of it you are probably one of the idiot bucks 'fans' who would want that to happen.
colobr731::Yes that is exactly what the Bucks should be doing. Since they have no ability to land good free agent and continue to hand out stupid contracts to the likes of Drew Gooden and John Salmons. Continuously drafting in the 12-15 range and then hoping to make the 8th seed isn't really doing anything to help the Bucks.  They should be trying to trade away Ellis and or Jennings for picks and either draft talent or parlay those picks into trade deals (i.e. what the Rockets just did).  But since they won't do that, the easiest way to get better is to tank and draft at the top of the board for once.
BigPappaW::Yeah, it does suck. We will be a no lottery playoff bust team until they move out of Milwaukee and Wisconsin loses its nba team.
BigPappaW::so you're saying were playoff bound?!?!
colobr731::I think you might have to actively try to miss the playoffs this year, to not make it from the East.
d_bokk::Lamb 0-12 for 1 point these past two games, could really use Dunleavy or Udrih out there
jimkamlowsky::Really Cavs? Tanking another season? This is getting really old. They are trying to lose!
Spoofen::*sigh* losing by 4 sucks. Need more defense.
Ontario925::I pick the Cavaliers for the upset tomorrow being the first team to win against the Knicks in NY this season. Especially without Carmelo Anthony and with Kyrie Irving back in the lineup their chances to win increase by much higher.
Ontario925::The other big upset tonight might be the Pistons over the Nets in Brooklyn tonight. The Pistons are the Nets daddy the last several years like the Cavaliers are still the Knicks daddy even without LJ.
420Legendz::I doubt it but ok we'll see
Ontario925::I'm 2 for 2 tonight. I picked the Magic to upset the Warriors and the Raptors to upset the Mavericks.
420Legendz::both teams were at home. Not that hard too pick
420Legendz::i hope you didnt bet money
05dodger::Cavs played well when they ran, but they where horrible in the half court.  Poor coaching tonight
Miller Park After Dark::PROST!
orange_63::when you buy cavs tickets do they come with anti-depressants?
yata-9arasu::Good game Bucks!  Missed the game....  Good luck this year.  Cavs struggling.  GO CAVS!!!
screwhead2305::kyrie&gt;jennings
screwhead2305::Jennings 5-20.. stop it
Kobrick_Cryant_Fright Coward_Pau_Gasoft_Steve_Crash..::Good game Bucks!!
orange_63::cavs looking strong this year, i hope they can sustain this pace until the lottery picks......
Doodzy4::MONTA!!!!!
BrewingUpSomeBucks::Tough game tonight, the bucks are on top baby! We'll fall back to 2nd though, the clippers will school us
Spoofen::Where is Dion?
thebrownswillwinthesuperbowlthisyear::he hurt his foot because an ant cralled onto it and he was so week he couldnt pickup an ant on his foot
orange_63::he is out x-mas shopping
Spoofen::Ah, wow, I've been outta the loop, thank you. I hope it's not broken.
warEAGLEJak3::injured with an ankle injury he suffered vs Portland, if i'm not mistaken
warEAGLEJak3::In games with only 6 point or less differences the Cavaliers are now 2-7. At Milwuakee, vs Milwuakee, at Miami, at Memphis, vs Portland, at Phoenix, and at Orlando are the 7 losses. All were games they could have and probably should have won.
R0dney216::Ya Stupid 5+7=12 They would be 12-12 that equals? .500!!! I guess Math and Grammar doesn't matter any more.......
orange_63::i think they call it tanking?
420Legendz::and they still wouldn't be .500 lmao
warEAGLEJak3::if they won those 7 they actually would be. DO THE MATH DUDE.
Halffast100::GAME
dcenate0::bulls without rose is better then the bucks. thats so bad
freebird61885::What is your problem, dude? You are a huge troll.
uwisfan34::He's mad because he is worthless as a human being.
Halffast100::eat it loser
GreenBaypackersTV::back in 1st place :p
dcenate0::skiles is mad
Packersbbb::always
Halffast100::GO BUCKS
Packersbbb::buck making them look like girls on the board. bunch of softies.
Steel_Smack::Oh, is that how Varejao got 18 rebounds?
dcenate0::5-20 shooting LOL!!! brandon jennings sucks so bad
Halffast100::and a bucks win. your point?
Packersbbb::Bucks win LOL
Halffast100::hey dcenate0---eat it you loser
dcenate0::LOL BRANDON JENNINGS sucks
warEAGLEJak3::0-2 with 4 turnovers....that'ts zeller in the 4th
420Legendz::ouch
dcenate0::cavs win 90 - 86
Halffast100::do you have any active brain cells?
dcenate0::bucks are an embarrassment to the nba
uwisfan34::and decenate0 is an embarrassment to the human race.  what your point?
Halffast100::you are a stupid person
420Legendz::12-9
420Legendz::Ellis 30+ point game... GO BUCKS!!!
pst23.41::Is it me or is CLE floor really bright
dcenate0::bucks suck wow
pst23.41::Let me ask a question Why does it matter what teams I like, i like certain players and follow them, im a Fan of the NBA, i dont call myself a Fan of any NBA team i just really like ones with players i like is that such a big deal?
uwisfan34::no it's not a big deal, but why is it a big deal if someone calls you a bandwagoner for it?
Halffast100::GO BUCKS, screw the haters
We Are Believeland::CJ Miles has been killing it recently.
eric-bledsoe-666::clippers&gt;bucks  tommorow
420Legendz::Bucks should trade Jennnings. He always looks tired and misses too many open shots
buckspackers23::Finally Skiles does something.
Flash Barrett::Is Kyrie a PG or a SG?
lookitsdeco::cavs blow anyways.
lookitsdeco::he's anything he wants he's uncle drew
Flash Barrett::Him bring anything he wants isn't helping this team win games
buckspackers23::How'd Jennings make that? Lol.
warEAGLEJak3::the line up now should be irving, casspi, gibson, and miles chucking up 3's and andy down low get it back to them
buckspackers23::Ugh. Bad effort from the Bucks tonight. Can't wait to get our players back healthy.
heismanx2::we desperately need scoring....can cleveland bring back Delonte West and play a 3 guard line up?  Walton, Casspi, sloan, I'd part with about 6 cavs to get West back right now.
DwightSchrute24::It's crazy how Kyrie can start off bad and then in the blink of an eye just explode
420Legendz::and then disappear
colaroaster::bux have to let skiles go
420Legendz::Skiles is horrible. Why keep jennings on irving when irving has scored 12 points in the Qtr
