LilDwayne21::The Phoenix Suns are a very solid pick-and-roll basketball team, but I'm not buying the fact that the Clippers needed Chris Paul to beat the Suns. I mean, come on. The Phoenix Suns are not a plus five hundred team, they have a 15-28 record, and on most nights in the NBA they get blown out by other elite basketball teams, and you're going to blame their loss to the Phoenix Suns to people all because they didn't have Chris Paul. Fa real? SERIOUSLY? Come on! LA should have won this game.
DvlDog6::All I know is it's about time that the Clippers started playing like the Clippers we all know...
4 Petes Sake::Looking at the AS selections, they should have left out Griffin and put Aldridge in his place and put Curry as a reserve.  Blake "I can only dunk" Griffin shouldnt be there.  He is a circus act.
Bballblake32::I will prescribe advil to you
rawjani::Clippers + Chris Paul = Playoffs  Clippers - Chris Paul = This seasons Lakers
Keith Closs::as much as i appreciate the dig at lakers, this doesnt really make any sense
romano9174::life-long Suns fan here; i'm shocked they beat the Clipps. 5 years ago that statement would have sounded absurd. i'm actually happy for the (real) Clipper fans, they deserve a winner after all this time. plus i love the fact that they're the best basketball team in L.A.
Keith Closs::respect to all other respectful fans.
Bballblake32::Thanks man. Been a fan since manning harper vaught days.
Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player::<b>The Clippers are a hoax.</b>
BarrelRider04::Also, it's getting pretty tiring watching Griffin. The guy has so much potential but his attitude is horrible. Even though he hasn't really needed to carry us most of the year because our depth has been so incredible, he does need to step up in games like last night and lead us to victory. He has proven he can't do that yet. Still complains way too much to the refs. He's reminding me of Howard lately with his inconsistency and attitude. I don't want to hear about his ankle.
Keith Closs::he does it sometimes like in the OKC game, even if it was a loss but ido agree to an extent that his game needs some adjusting, especially with what he does between fouls.  i know we all want more from him even being as young as he is.  we gotta be patient though.  if hes doing this at 26/27 years of age, then we have all the right to be disappointed and pissed off
Bballblake32::I wish he had the malone attitude. He needs to stop with that annoying stare and man up
MinniWolves90::I know what you mean, I feel the same exact way about Kevin Love.
BarrelRider04::As good as this Clipper team is and as much as I want them to do well....everyone predicting them to go to the WCF.....I find it very hard that if we have to go against the Spurs again that we will beat them. Popovich will outcoach VDN by a long shot and the Spurs will handle us once again. I highly doubt we will be able to get by the Thunder as well. Sorry to be so negative but that's what I'm seeing here...
Keith Closs::ur not being negative, ur being realistic. all of this stuff with the clipps being  a winning squad with one of the best records in the league is awesome but  the only thing we can do is wait for the post season.  we can com eup with all these reasons on why they will succeed or fail, but there is no answer until the games in april/may are acctually played.
Sonic_Sooner::Or maybe you could enjoy the ride you're on RIGHT NOW!  Geez, you poor-mouthing Clippers fans remind me of OSU Aggies with your doomsaying and expecting the anvil to drop from the sky on your head.  The Clippers are one of the best teams in the NBA, and it seems like you all are the last ones to accept that fact (well, OK, after FakerFan).  You have a late game scorer in Crawford.  Blake Griffin CAN do more than just dunk, and Del Negro is a fine coach.  You lost a couple of games without your leader and point guard.  The sun still rose this morning!
BarrelRider04::No doubt free throw shooting is going to be an issue for Clips come post-season. The other issue will be VDN. I'm afraid like many of you that he will panic and mismanage come playoff time. Credit a pretty bad Suns team though, too. They came to play and Dragic finally had a good game against us.
kobepac24::Well clips the injury bug is taking its bites just as I said it would with this collection of very good but injury prone players. Lucky its only jan so if guys get healthy by playoffs time the clips will be good for a deep run. I say western finals to face OKC.
NBAnuggets420::Barkley is right. Clippers can't just thing CP3 will finish games for them. Griffin and Jordan need to step their game cause come playoff time they need too learn another way too score than just dunk
MinniWolves90::Half-court offense and free-throw shooting are their achilles heel at the moment, and those things are huge come playoff time.
BarrelRider04::You are right on those two points, no doubt.
smittywerb::VDN needs to go.
Ron-Burgundy-Stay-Classy-3::No a clippers fan , but you're in  good shape in 2 nd seed
adam83stl::Wow, what a "sick" dunk by griffin last night.  Maybe if he knew how to score another way I'd be impressed.  The dunk=most overrated play in sports.  It's so amazing a 7 footer can hop half a foot to place a ball in the hoop!
adam83stl::Yeah, I can see how it gets the crowd pumped up.  Good analysis, too.
MinniWolves90::It's nice and it gets the crowd engaged, so that helps with momentum. But I think Blake is the most overrated player in the game, all he can do is jump really high, and he commits an (uncalled) offensive foul on nearly all of his 'posterization' dunks. He has nowhere near a complete game, no defense, no jump shot, no ball-handling/passing, no free throws. Plus like Chuck was saying last night, for a dude that jumps as high as Griffin, it seems like he could average more than 8 rebounds. Mostly style, minimal substance.
Qzhoopin20::Chris Paul's injury, along with other recent PG injuries like Derrick Rose, Steve Nash, Steph Curry, etc.... only make it that much more amazing that Russell Westbrook has never missed a game since HIGH SCHOOL!!  Especially the way that dude plays at 100mph for 48 minutes every night!! Is it luck...or is he better conditioned than your average baller?
4 Petes Sake::With CPflop, they have a special team doctor courtside with a piping-hot washcloth ready to clean his va.gina.
Bballblake32::U shouldnt talk about mOm like that
Mambaholic 33::Ouch!
4 Petes Sake::All of those.  and when he does hurt.....he plays through the pain.
Mambaholic 33::He's a mini Lebron with no brain...
Mambaholic 33::To fast to get hurt...
Pusherman3::CLips will be fine.  Every team has a bad loss or two.
0ChiTownKid0::Its just one game guys. In my opinion your still a Finals contending team @LA Chicago Bulls Fan
4 Petes Sake::Kicked out of San Quentin Clippers aren't built for the post-season. The game slows down, halfcourt play takes over, and that's not how this team plays.  Guess that means the Clips might go to the Finals then.   Last season this was ALL I heard about OKC  and they went to the Finals.  Stupid.
19brom::fuckk fuckk fuckk
Snakes222::Chris Paul has never played a full season in his career. Has already missed 5 games and will miss another 2 or 3 before the break.  At some point you have to be playing to be considered MVP.
Yes I am Right Youre Wrong::He's not MVP.  Only 2 candidates...LeBron and Durant and that will be determined in the 2nd half of season.
Mambaholic 33::And unless KD becomes a much better defender, able to play all five positions on the floor, double or triple his facilitating skills miraculously over night, it shouldn't even be a discussion
4 Petes Sake::Devin doesnt get it, Russ may not shoot well some night but gives you EVERYTHING else. Rebounds, steals, assists, blocks. Does CP3 give you all those? And possess Russ' athletic ability. NO.    Russ &gt; CP3
OklaHOMERrCityThunder::Well this is interesting...
19brom::unfortunatly, me too
4 Petes Sake::I went to sleep last night chalking this up as an LAC win.  Good morning to me.....
WestsidePrides::Me too... :(
BarrelRider04::Uh....that was a turrible performance all the way around last night Clips. NO EXCUSES. We have got to play better than that. We have been breaking riims and backboards with our bricks the last 3 games shooting at a horrid percentage and playing ZERO defense. Clips, you better check yourselves before you slip back into the real  Clips!!
Devinhuelsmann::I cant not believe somebody thought Dwight Howard deserved to make the All-Star team but someone like DeAndre Jordan can't. It really blows my mind.
4 Petes Sake::I understand Deandre is an exciting player to watch, but that doesnt mean he should be an ALL-STAR.  How is Jordan's FT%?   Dont get me wrong, Howards FT% is horrific too.  I dont think D12 should be an ALL-STAR this year either.
Shawn1807::Sorry FT% never has been and never will be a deciding factor weather a big man makes the AST or not. It's rebounds, blocked shots, then scoring.
Mambaholic 33::If Kobrick can anything can happen
Kicked out of San Quentin::Clippers aren't built for the post-season. The game slows down, halfcourt play takes over, and that's not how this team plays.
BullzNation::clippers are garbage. way over rated. The suns are clearly  a better team and no match up against the bobcats even
mkwan0::Clippers are done.  No way to recover from this free fall they are in.
flclfanman::Where's all the people claiming VDN was this great coach?  The LA Chris Pauls need a bounce back.
4 Petes Sake::Well......Clips better hope CP3 doesnt get hurt during the Playoffs.   Whats going on right now with the Clips shows you why Westbrook&gt;CP3.  Russ is an IRONMAN.
Devinhuelsmann::How does this prove at all how Westbrook is better. If anything it shows how much more CP3 means to his team. Plus look at Westbrook's Turnovers and FG%. Now go look at CP3's. there is no way Westbrook is better than CP3. Westbrook is a good player but nothing compared to CP3
4 Petes Sake::Exactly HOMER.  Devin doesnt get it,  Russ may not shoot well some night but gives you EVERYTHING else.  Rebounds, steals, assists, blocks.   Does CP3 give you all those?  And possess Russ' athletic ability.  NO.  Russ &gt; CP3
OklaHOMERrCityThunder::Cant be better if you aint on the court, Russ hasn't missed a game since he was in High School.
BK HOTSHOT::If Lindsey Hunter keeps winning, he's going to get fired for messing up the Suns Draft position.
oicurak9::The jig is up.  Teams are now gunning for the Clippers who, earlier in the season, were flying below the radar because they used to suck.  They're good now, and even mediocre teams will show-up now.
BigGameBrianK2432::hopefully they can bounce back... http://tinyurl.com/funnygifs125 enjoy your friday!
Twinsbaseball8791::Griffin is ugly and can only dunk. Nice team though. And please don't use the excuse CP3 is out. That's one injury try having an entire starting 5 out practically
JAMEZ709::Do you even watch the games, or just the highlights?
Devinhuelsmann::Kicked out of San Quentin - Blake started 0-4 Ft. Improving?  actually he started 0-5 and went 1-6 in first quarter
Kicked out of San Quentin::Blake started 0-4 Ft.  Improving?
TheWalkingDead92::haha have you watched griffin this year? Kid is improving at the FT line. A much better post defender, hustles every play and if he can only dunk then why can't anyone stop him?
Twinsbaseball8791::Yeah cuz it's true. Love has the all around game. Griffin can dunk and sucks at the like and can't shoot. Sorry to break it to ya bud
Devinhuelsmann::Twinsbaseball8791 - I watched last night. Griffin first 7 points. 3 dunks and free throw. Impressive. Dunk is high percentage shot though so I can't say much other than Love when healthy is way better.  Thats funny
Twinsbaseball8791::I watched last night. Griffin first 7 points. 3 dunks and free throw. Impressive. Dunk is high percentage shot though so I can't say much other than Love when healthy is way better.
Crooklynism::why don't they just let chris Paul's twin brother Cliff play while Chris is out with injury?
LARRY57917::Spurs  had  the  best  record  the  last  2  years.  It's  been  9  years  since  the  team  with  the  best   record  won  it  all.
Shawn1807::I disagree I don't think the Clips can beat the Spurs in a playoff series. They where swept last year for god sakes, I don't think the Clipps improved that much and then theres POP.
rainmaker2007::Right. Because it's all about match ups. OKC is one of the only (elite) teams without 2 losses to the same team. I think the Clippers are right there with them but LA needs to avoid Golden State in the playoffs. They will lose to the Warriors, probably beat everyone else if CP is healthy.
_Amaru::^
YoHongWhatUp::WHAT is wrong with C3PO, why is he not playing???  Hellboy cannot carry the whole team by himself.
Terry 1953::Clippers suck
rainmaker2007::They should start Crawford at SG.
JustinBooker294::If they can't dunk it's automatically over for them.
BaySports 1.1::Time for the 4th loss bandwagon fans.
killereevan12::except durant can actually score without dunking...
Jmet15::Cp3 really isn't on the same level as Durant, Melo or Lebron.  I will put him with Curry from GS.  So it's hard to compare future HOFers being out versus a really good but oft injured point guard.
TheWalkingDead92::your star player being injured makes it difficult to win. OKC without durant wouldn't win games, same as knicks with melo, or Golden state without Curry. Heat without lebron? HA!
TheWalkingDead92::teams lose its part of the NBA. People bash the Thunder when they lost to the Wizards? Yea but they still knew Thunder are contenders same as the clippers.
Kobe The Creator of Machu Picchu::Wow...Why is DeAndre Jordan only playing 18 minutes a night? Clippers need his defensive precense in the middle. Odom doesn't deserve 28 minutes a night...
pastelpaul::Big win for Suns. Go Lindsey Hunter! Dragic is a good player, kind of  mini version of Ginobli.
dreballs50::Warriors creepin up!
rainmaker2007::The Warriors are dangerous! When they lost to the Heat a few weeks ago, it was obvious how much they need Stephen Curry. With him they can beat anybody. Without him? ...
The God of Trolls Returns for the 6th Time::"I think the Warriors bandwagon is open..." - Lakers fans turned Clippers fans
Neil826::the only team more overrated than the clippers was notre dame, and look how that turned out.
navalacademics77::I started betting a system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made around 3K a month for 3 consecutive months now using this system. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.
rede482::entire western conference 152-106 vs east
HH69::Eating some humble pie might do the Clippers some good down the stretch.
Jumeax::There goes any doubt that Bledsloe is starting PG material Dragic is five times the starting PG he is, Bledsloe needs to stick with backing up Chris paul and being explosive off the bench
ElGranMarimbero::LOL AT ANYONE THINKING THAT 1 REGULAR SEASON GAME WILL BE A LIKELY PROJECTION FOR THE PLAYOFFS.
krappie1010::Why do you have to laugh at "anyone" -- what did he ever do to you?
Liam6552::The clitters have more players that resemble monkeys than any other team in the NBA
Jmet15::Why are we nuts?  Could it not be that they literally look like monkeys?  The black and white players on the team?  Grow up dude this isn't 1990.  Quit making everything about race.  They do literally have the most players that look like monkeys.  So why are we nuts?
Jmet15::Very true.  Very true.  Just throw a banana on the court and it will distract the whole team.
rainmaker2007::Wow! You people are nuts.
rainmaker2007::WTF?
Sirfunkygrizzly::Lolz
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Lol
