LJG2612::Nugets are good, but Lawson cant be the primary scorer in the playoffs, Gallinari needs to be more consistent 7 points last night and 6 the game before is not good enough, he and chandler need to be aggressive. He shows up one game and disappears the next.
thrice1187::Galo does tend to do that sometimes but he's still coming off that injury. Let's give it a little more time
rondo2KG::"McGee NO!! YOU ARE ON THE NUGGETS NOT THE HAWKS DON'T LET THEM TRICK YOU AGAIN!"
charlie hustle bets the over::...
rondo2KG::McGee averages over 2.5 hilarious decisions every game.
charlie hustle bets the over::what were the 3 last night?
Big Dan 2773::The Hawks will crush Miami in the playoffs.
Pusherman3::Schedule loss for the Hawks.  No one wins in Denver after the previous night in LA...except the Heat.
BryHinkle::Not sure how far they'll go in the playoffs but this Nuggets team is a blast to watch.
jaxgang2::If the hawks max out j smith they get what they deserve. They were lucky as @&amp;$/  jersey bailed them out of the disaster that was joe johnson. Smith is no better. A selfish player who will never lead them to anything. Let him go. Get a center so horford can play his true position of PF.
diehardnr1::Good effort Hawks...the altitude and road caught up just when it was getting interesting.  Nice to see the W but a little disappointed that the Nuggets played their usual we-will-turn-it-on-when-we-need-to style at home...content to build a lead, relax, let them  catch up, and then turn it on in 4th.  The reason for my disappointment is that this was the first of a traveling B2B and could have been a laugher by half time with 3rd stringers getting valuable minutes and starters getting priceless rest.. Not sure why they lack the killer instinct, but as soon as DEN went up 16 and Brewer went for the highlight reel pass instead of the sure 2, I knew how the game would play out....it was like a switch was turned off and did not get turned back on until 4th quarter.  Hopefully it wont bite them in SAC.  On a brighter note....The Nuggets depth is SCARY good. I am hard pressed to think of another team that could totally reverse their starting and second units and still win games without a major locker room revolt.   The DEN 2nd unit is starting to gel and find its own identity...kinda like the Birdman led 2nd unit in the WCF year, they bring energy and an attacking style of defense that feeds their offensive output.  The starters have a different identity,.they are solid on team D and able to score in the half court offense, while still controlling the opponents best players. If these 2 units can both gel at the right time, then these Nuggets may be playing in late May again...  GO NUGGETS!!!.
Chris31708::Interesting Fact:  Since 2009, the team that eliminated the Atlanta Hawks in the playoffs ended up losing the Eastern Conference Finals.  Coincidence, or is beating Atlanta a curse for the team if they make the Conference Finals?
jayeteee::I think the curse is playing for the Hawks. LOL Nothing more, nothing less. I could stretch it a little and go w/ the Braves and Falcons as well. Are the Thrashers still around?
diehardnr1::Hmmm...seems to tell me that ATL  just cannot make the ECFs
GSobetski::Coincidence. You have a sample size of four seasons - that's not big enough to mean anything at all.
Silverio60::I really don't think so Let Koufus  set the table and Mcgee Throw it to the curb  . this thing we call Bench is not a bench it is a BINO . Bench In Name Only.
Jganon93::nugget fans? Am i missing something or is javale a lot more productive than koufos? Why doesnt he start?
jaredthedrummer::Without KK out there we would have no defensive rebounding... Faried and McGee can offensively rebound, but not great consistent defensive rebounders.
puhleez_ho::McGee and Miller have great chemistry.  They need to be on at the same time.  Kufous is so solid that he provides a good start offensively and defensively.  The rotation is correct, for now.
the1brisisk::You caught a "good McGee" night,  on a "bad McGee" night the guy is just plain terrible.  Koufos may not be spectacular, but at least he is consistant.
BurnabyJoeFan::MvGee can have the starting gig when he decides to take it from KK.  Nothing more.. They aren't developing him 'slowly'.. Karl just wants him to be more consistent and earn it.
diehardnr1::Think in Hockey terms....KK is the Center for the first line, McGee C for the 2nd line, Mozgov is C for the seldom used 3rd line. Each unit has its own identity and "stars"    This Nuggets team is so deep it has the luxury of developing JaVale slowly, while still able to benefit from  his immense raw talent in a role that allows him to grow within the team system with the right attitude.. JaVale will eventually be the starter, but KoKo is a solid, fundamental player that can hold his own with his match ups on a nightly basis until JaVale is ready to make that step up..
Jonnyb8717::Excellent response and dead accurate.  Go Nuggets!
Silverio60::that what I say
Young_Guruu::Kosta is much more consistent and besides, they both play near the same minutes. McGee is perfect for coming off the bench because he provides such energy. Him, Corey, and Miller are one of our most productive units.
vap88::guruu- Agreed, Coach karl  has a decent system with McGee &amp; Koufus. Love Mcgee blocking shots.
liquidvizions707::Javale is insane... he needs to start more for sure. our coach does that same kinda stuff sometimes when he plays Petro... nevermind... Petro shouldnt be played PERIOD. so unfair.
liquidvizions707::in happier news... im just glad we got rid of Joe's INSANE CONTRACT. he is making more than the top 10 best players in the NBA. also glad we got rid of that cancer Marvin Williams. haha. Utah fans hate what he is. oh well Utah. you took him. we got burned worst. we chose that guy over CP3. worst move in hawks history minus paying Joe all that money. they both gone. thank God...
Silverio60::bent over in five mins walking jogger.
Silverio60::Atlanta fans. You just had a back to back and next game in Altitude that is a big deal . They hung but can't finish come over you will see I have family walking here from low altitude
johnholmes6969::RELY ON THE REFS
Silverio60::You are right b to b tough game the other  day. take solace you guys have a very good team.
liquidvizions707::thanks man. no one even gave us a shot in making the playoffs. since we got rid of joe. and then lou williams went down... i on the other hand always found joe over rated. im glad he is gone. we need the money. next year we can spend finally.
liquidvizions707::just wish the refs woulda been the same tonight as in that laker game last night and we finish it 4-2. but we know how it goes with the lakers...
the1brisisk::If you want to see awful NBA refs go back and watch the Nuggets-Lakers game from earlier this week.  Mcgee got called for goaltending twice on balls that had not even got higher than the rim.  Faried was called for a foul for being thrown to the ground by Howard, who was pretty much a bull in a china shop the entire game.  I won't bore you with any more details, but it was a shameful display of officiating that would have made Tim Donaghy proud.
DENuggetz303::The LA Refs are legendary
liquidvizions707::and no Korver. ZaZa. and 6 game west road trip. not to take away from the Nugs. you guys are awesome. but no way i saw us winning this one. this was the game i already said we losing. with Korver and Za.
DENuggetz303::Hawks&gt;Grizzlies    Nuggets&gt;Grizzlies  just my 2 sense tho
johnholmes6969::REALLY SUB 500 TEAM  UR DUMB WE HAVE TWICE AS MANY WINS AS LOSSES DUMB $@%
johnholmes6969::STILL NO COMMENT
johnholmes6969::HAWKS REALY YALL R DONE YALL GOT NO CHANCE AND I ONLY RESPECT DENVER SO U HAWKS FAN CAN GO DO UR LTTLE THING
liquidvizions707::we wouldnt even want respect from a clown like you.
johnholmes6969::DEFENSE WINS CHAMPIONSHIPS....
liquidvizions707::wrong sport. this isnt football aids man. lol
DENuggetz303::LOL you think the Grizzlies will win a championship  because they are playing sub .500 teams SMH
DENuggetz303::what is offense?  -Grizzlies
johnholmes6969::RECORD NEW TRADE BETTER DEF AND OFFENSE EFFICNCY IN LAST TEN GAMES...... WHATS UP
DENuggetz303::Grizzlies have played 2 teams over .500 in the last ten games and Rudy Gay is way way way better then Prince and Davis
liquidvizions707::or maybe they took that call as OFFENSIVE! :p
liquidvizions707::real talk. both teams have owned them. not sure what his defense is here. lol
Silverio60::Leave Mr.Murphy alone if wants to see a game he can see one.
liquidvizions707::yes. just watch from home and dont get involved. lol. we lose every time he shows his face.
johnholmes6969::ALL  KNOW IS MEMPHIS WILL AND IS GOING TO TAP THAT $@% GOOD LUCK DENVER BUT U HAVE NO HOPE
johnholmes6969::ALL I GOTTA SAY IS OUR DEFENSE IS GOING TO SMOTHER YALL
johnholmes6969::GOOD ONE...
liquidvizions707::not trying to be "funny" here... but the grizzlies had "GAY" as they star... and they main guy fan on here has the john holmes name... just sayin!!!
johnholmes6969::HAHAHAHA CANT WAIT WHOS UR GO TO
DENuggetz303::Ha we will see in a week when we destroy your overated team
liquidvizions707::memphis is just as dead as your gay aids porn hero. get over it.
liquidvizions707::dale murphy... if you reading this... please quit doing hawks game twitters. it's bad enough when you in the box at the braves games we ALWAYS lose... now you doing it to the hawks. i mean props for doing what you could with the braves back in the days... but you just bad luck bro. stay home. lol
johnholmes6969::u dum
liquidvizions707::no. the guy is a jinx.
johnholmes6969::hahahahahaha nuggets think they can beat the grizzlies
Silverio60::I would Love that match up to see would they would do with a really great physical team see how they respond to that. If they can do well with that that would be the third piece of the puzzle two left playoff and such.
liquidvizions707::plus why you on the nuggets-hawks board when both teams whipped you. lol
johnholmes6969::well see .... ha btw this tony allen
liquidvizions707::agreed. memphis just gets excited cause they even there. they have no baseball team. no football team. ok well they have the titans... again, like i said. no football team. lol
Silverio60::The grizz is strong If the Nuggets can beat them we can take on other teams.
Quincy Miller 30::The Grizzlies are done. Cheap ownership.
Jake-Macauley::They've already beaten them twice, once at home once on the road. Do facts make you laugh?
TheBronx303::Missed the game, but way to go Nuggs!
DENuggetz303::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KKH_Tcc4cU  Victory Dance
UCFMiamiHeat::denver fans, Gallo is on my fantasy team, I know he is just coming back from injury, but how worried should I be with how well brewer and Chandler have played recently?
Jonnyb8717::In a half court game, Gallo is the #1 option for the nuggets offense.  In a fastbreak running style, Brewer and Chandler get points.  Against Memphis watch Gallo have a moster game.
liquidvizions707::very worried. Brewer is beastin' lately. and i don't need to be a Denver fan to tell you this. lol
broncoroxnug::no. he will pick it up. He will have a big game in a slower type game like against the clippers,and memphis next week
Hlee196::Golden nuggets tonight... Get the win tomorrow and we've getting closer and closer to the 4 seed.
bearsbball12::Anyway, good win Nuggets. Need to keep it going though and take care of Sacramento tomorrow night.
COLOTIME4114::He'll ya, NO MORE playing down to competition. Get win 40 board the plane and get out of California.
bearsbball12::GS is struggling with Toronto at home... They are fading fast.
rraisch::Nuggets fans are watching The City far more than we are watching Memphis...
liquidvizions707::GS pulled it out... but not impressed. they losing games when Curry scores 50+
liquidvizions707::for real. especially considering that trip from Toronto allllll the way there. GS is going down fast
COLOTIME4114::TIM, why did the Jets shaft you. Why didn't the jaguars snag him? Any one looking for an NFL  OPTION QB? Proven WINNER.
liquidvizions707::im still lol @ the jaguars new head coach saying NO. yet the owner loves Tebow... what a f'd up place that is. i guess the Jags rather not be talked about at all except in jokes than have a guy that was born there be the QB and bring in all the fans. rock on hags! i mean jags...
broncoroxnug::He will be a cardinal. They just cant leak it cause of the media. March 12th he will be traded there.
Jonnyb8717::Yay!  Go Tebow.  The cardnals will become my #3 if this happens.  Go Broncos, Go Tebow!
liquidvizions707::well i mean... if russel whatever that used to be with the raiders can come back... and Tebow can't get a job... the NFL has SERIOUS F'N ISSUES.
broncoroxnug::Id say 80 percent chance he goes there. If it was anyone else id say 99 percent chance but funny $@%! happens with tebow so im sticking with 80
liquidvizions707::man i hope what you saying is true. this will be great for the NFL. and i hope the cards play the jets and beat em 18080888980980989 - 0. lol
COLOTIME4114::Meant DINNER
broncoroxnug::Dont worry about tebow he will be the starting quarterback of the cardinals next year
liquidvizions707::no... canada would be a fail. that is exactly what i dont want to see happen. if no NFL team gives him a chance then F THE NFL.
liquidvizions707::wow. really? if this happens i will be excited as hellll for the cards. this man needs his shot. he's done proved his self anyway with the gators and broncos. he's a million x's better than Sanchez. Rex and Sanchez just have a CLOSER BOND than im sure ANY OF US would care to know of....
COLOTIME4114::He may catch on someplace, or he will be up in CANADA,,,A
broncoroxnug::I know hes been working out there for the last 3 months and had dinner with the cards gm last month.
liquidvizions707::who told you this? lol
liquidvizions707::Jets are jokes. Sanchez aka one of the worst QB's ever got start after start over Tebow??? INSANE.
liquidvizions707::the jets ruined Tebow's career. now so many teams dont want the drama. lord knows i would if i was the jaguars or the raiders or cards. browns. bills. etc... i mean i would welcome the talk! no one is talking about you period now.  minus how bad u are. lol. least Tebow brings hope and good stuff. he turned denver into a playoff team. it amazes me how many f'n people forget that minus the cool denver fans and Tebow fans. which i am one. people need to get with it. F THE JETS. why would they ever influence anybody??? they never even gave him a shot anyway. fat rex was too in love with Sanchez. i mean he even has a tatt showing his love...... strange............
COLOTIME4114::They chose to suck not win. Look at what they are doing to Revis. He will come back a mad man. Possibly with another team. They are loyal ( if you want to call it that ) with Sanchez who sucks and shop around snd treat Revis like crap. I'm confused. Tebow fix have one INCREDABLE year with DENVER. I hope he took Prater out to Dinner a few times though.
COLOTIME4114::The nuggets would be in 2nd in the east with their win percentage. And they play in a much tougher west conference. I will say this though. If Atlanta is healthy they would be battling for the 2 or 3 seed. They play hard. They are a team that mirrors Denver with their fast break. I really hope that DENVER can grab the 4th spot. They are so tough at home and have the deepest bench in the west which fits the fast break. GETTER DONE DENVER
Jonnyb8717::I agree,  ATL and DEN are very similarly built in opposite confrences.  Both fun to watch, when healthy these games always seem to come down to a final possession.
liquidvizions707::i get what you saying man. but the top east teams have been dismantled for the most. orlando are now the florida marlins of the nba. the bulls cant keep D. Rose healthy. and he's no michael jordan anyway. lol. the celtics are getting older by the year. the hawks... they always make the playoffs but never going anywhere without a star center. as far as the other couple teams that used to be awesome... the pacers and pistons... well the pistons cant get anything right. they haven't in eons. the pacers are good... but they haven't been the reggie miller pacers in forever.  i think alot of rebuilding is gonna be going on soon. not just for the east. the west as well. the suns are no longer playoff contenders. nor are the mavs. basically you have okc and spurs leading the pack. and neither can handle the heat. the lakers are doing they best to even make the playoffs. the nuggets stay solid as do my hawks. but we both need that extra something to get us there. it's almost hard to figure out just what it is we both need.
COLOTIME4114::That something for the Nuggets is HOME COURT in the 1st round. I know everyone wants home court but the Nuggets have to get it to move past the first round. If they don't get that done this year I hate to think what Kronke and his GM will do. And if they get rid of Karl then they better put some serious $$$$$ on the table for superstars because there are few coaches that can do what he has done with this team at such a high level. Most fans probably could not tell you two players on the Nuggets and they are damn near at 40 wins.
liquidvizions707::what im saying is the west is better than the east OVERALL... but the spurs and thunder can never get it done against the heat. and i guess at the end of the day... that's what matters and makes the east reign supreme until someone can take out the heat. and im far from a heat fan. they in our division. we cant stand em. lol
COLOTIME4114::By the time a team comes out of the West they will have been battle tested. In saying that when you spend a ton of time getting through the west or east you're not just battled tested but physically beat down. That'd the concern I have. I see a lot of west series' going 6 to 7 games. That will take a toll. Just ask the lakers last year.
liquidvizions707::as a hawks fan. thanks for that compliment. us losing Lou Williams hurt us bad. yet we still hanging in there. lotta rebuilding going on in the east, so keep that in mind. but the heat is on another level so i dont see anyone in the west touching them. and no one on our side. maybe the pacers. they always give the heat mad issues. yet we stay owning the pacers. lol
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::im passin out its late here and i had 1 2 many gin n tonix again  lol but good game nugs u on 2nd most hot streak under heat!
TimTebow69::Hey dwade, how about you tell us some more of your "2 sense"..
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::my predicshuns rest of year:    1 la wont make playoffs lol @ 10 scede= sux so bad 2. nugs proive 2 be SUPRISE go 2 wcf  3. ny knics loose in 1st round,nets go 2 2nd  4. bulls go 2 ecf wit rose    5. heat bat okc in 5 again to repeat  just my 2 sense tho
liquidvizions707::Tim... somebody needs to give you a chance in the NFL. F THE JETS. buncha f'n imbeciles they were/are.
liquidvizions707::the jets should be kicked out the NFL for how they did him. besides... do we really need 2 teams from NJ that call themselves NY but they play in NJ??? I THINK NOT.
liquidvizions707::i dont get why AZ dont get him. not like they have F ALL to lose. the raiders as well. dolphins. jaguars. browns. bills. he could make all them teams MUCH better.
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::wish dolphins cud get him... tanninhil=BUST
TimTebow69::Yeah I'm not sure if any team will have the guts to do that. Maybe a team with a read option qb who is the unquestionable starter.
liquidvizions707::Birdman just looks weird being on Miami... he's a Nugget always to me. he shoulda retired there.
GSobetski::He got amnestied after he was being investigated for s e x with a kid. So yeah, kind of a bad note.
Jonnyb8717::Birdman was the victim of an extortion attempt by an underage female.  The crime commited was on her side not Birdman's.  Go Nuggets
jayeteee::She lied about her age. :-P
liquidvizions707::i mean he didnt leave on a bad note did he?
Jonnyb8717::Not at all.  After the trade for Javel McGee he slid down to 3rd string Center and Birdman being in his mid 30's costing us 6 million in cap space vs having Mozgov at age 24 costing us 2 million in cap space, management decided to cut cost and let Birdman move on.  No love lost, the Nuggets think very highly of Birdman.  With the money they saved by the move the Nuggets extended Lawson, Gallo and McGee (worth it!).  Go Nuggets
jayeteee::No. He did have some personal issues, but I don't know if it ever got resolved or not.
liquidvizions707::yall fans miss him though yeah ?
Jonnyb8717::Birdman was my favorite Nugget.  His jersey hangs in honor in my closet, with my birdman sweat band and hair product (used to go to all nuggets games as birdman!)  I hated the Heat until they picked up birdman, now I wish them all the success in the world.  LOVE THE BIRD!  TAKE CARE OF HIM IN MIAMI
jayeteee::Couldn't get minutes here anymore.
liquidvizions707::why did he leave or get traded?
jayeteee::Birdman comes w/ a chip on his shoulder when he plays, and he always plays hard, so what more can you ask for.
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::i luv birdman did u see him startin heats harlem shake?
HokieSmokes::He has a lot to do with their winning streak.
liquidvizions707::no hate cause im  a huge fan of his. just saying he looks weird not being a Nugget
jayeteee::He's happy there and they like him too.
jayeteee::The Nuggets w/ the 6th best record in the NBA and 5 of the top 6 teams in the NBA are from the Western Conference. Talk about dominance.
pm_tex::Not if they played on the road.
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::prolly only team cud possibly stop heats win streak  just my 2 sense tho
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::alex im back 4 u wit a VINGINCE u sissy   u mad cuz no1 likes U?? LMAO
Alex47666::well since this board was never alive   hopefully the   wait were facing the kings never mind  Good win nuggets continue the winning streaks
Alex47666::nugget fans dont look to far ahead we still have to take care of the clipps and and memphis before we deal with melo
Jonnyb8717::Great string of test games are coming down the pike, exciting time to be a Nuggets fan, while they are gelling.
liquidvizions707::to the person who said give up Al, Teague. Joe J... for Dwight. LOL... no way do i want to give up Al and Teague for that drama queen. much less a 3rd guy who we screweddddd the Nets into taking. lol @ picking up that contract that has Joe paid more than almost anybody in the NBA. thanks NETS!!! we now gonna have MAJOR money next year. i love the nets!
theanimal53::Melo has a knee injury he said that has been hurting him.. I bought tickets to that game they are playing this month.. I know it sounds weird but I want that guy 100% when he comes to town so the Nuggets can run him and the Knicks out of the court.
liquidvizions707::you'll still get a beast game if Melo is out. that's the only way Amar'e Stoudemire can have a good game. lol. them 2 just CAN NOT be on the same page together. Knicks need to trade Stoudemire. Melo is obviously the better and future of your team.
thrice1187::Same boat man specifically bought tickets way in advance for that reason haha
jayeteee::Great effort from the Nuggets tonight. Took care of business so they can get on the flight to Sacramento. Need to win tomorrow night to make Thursday nights game(vs Clippers) real interesting.
BurnabyJoeFan::Good luck the rest of the way Hawks
nbocheltree::I'm not worried about the "closer" issue. Ty Lawson should have been named an all-star. The fact that he wasn't does not change the reality of his quiet dominance. It's either him or Gallinari at the end. No team in the league would be comfortable allowing either of those two to try and beat them. Just ask OKC (about Lawson) and the Lakers (about Gallinari).
colosportsman::Very true..Lawson is deadly on the perimeter  taking the last shot..becuase if you cover him close.He will blow by you for a layup. And he is getting better and better with that shot.
BurnabyJoeFan::The little studder step against OKC with the pull up was great.  He could have blown by so you have to respect it.
BurnabyJoeFan::Well said.
colosportsman::Well good luck Hawk fans..Talk to you the next time we play you..
jerryboy760::I was trying to go through your lineup for a good trade.  I just don't see that many great players in there.
jerryboy760::Al, Teague, and Joe Johnson for Dwight Howard
Dipsom4ania::I'd rather have Horford than Howard.  Much more developed player, and completely devoid of Howard's sense of entitlement.
liquidvizions707::keep in mind that Josh was asked that question. obviously he is gonna say he is a MAX player. that interviewer just started alot of BS. with that.
colosportsman::Unless he has a dunk..as in a penetrating guard who can dish it to him. hes not the HOFer he is made  out to be.
MarylandFan4.20::That's a dumb trade for Hawks.
jerryboy760::Josh Smith
jerryboy760::read above
colosportsman::seriously Howard does not look that good this year..
pm_tex::Howard isn't even 100% healthy the Hawks probably would be happy if he had number like that for a Center than Horford could go back to being a PF and Johnson isn't even on the Hawks.
gary wheatley::plus colo I can see why no one wanted to trade for Josh Smith.  to me he is not a max type player.  tonight 6 for 17 for 15 points.  specially if you had to give up someone or more for less than half a yr rental
MarylandFan4.20::Joe Johnson doesn't even play for Hawks...
jerryboy760::oops not Joe
MarylandFan4.20::How the hell did we beat this team two times...?
MarylandFan4.20::It's a freakin' mystery.
X24theshowX::Still baffles me
liquidvizions707::watching Hawks live right now. our aftergame show. and Horford just gave the Nuggets mad props. he said this was the game he knew was going to be the toughest of the 6 game road trip. "we should have gotten the  suns and lakers game" -Al
rolandftw::Al always seems to have nice things to say about the Nuggets.  Hope the Hawks can make a playoff run for you guys
BurnabyJoeFan::hope the Hawks finish out strong.  It's hard when you have trade rumors around your team.  we know..  GL and good game.
liquidvizions707::thanks bro. same to you guys. and yeah im glad Josh stayed... but i'll also be glad come the end of the year so something is settled for years to come one way or the other. cause it is alot of stress on the player and fans
liquidvizions707::he also said Brewer was one of them players that gets better and better and they were good friends. didn't know that. guessing they been pals since the college days in florida.
colosportsman::yea..26-3 at home. its a logical comment.
liquidvizions707::yeah that's a sick record man
jerryboy760::But they don't get tired when they pick up their check?
msonic69::Direct deposit...
jerryboy760::It seems that the Hawks have too many quarters where they score below 20.  Is it just me or is that a fact?
liquidvizions707::they get discouraged alot if they down huge. they gotta snap out of that. like they did when down by 20+ by boston a few weeks ago and came back to win. they need more games like that. other than that it just feels that way. we in the top 10 teams that score over a 100 this season.
colosportsman::Probably got tired on the b2b. Its not like the Nuggets give a team a chance to rest..
msonic69::Only 20 total FT's for this game, hope the NBA keeps this up and let the men play.
KCstills::Not gonna lie the kings game tommorow worries me. Their playing better ball and that's definitely the type of game we would drop on the road
theanimal53::It's like playing the Wizards. Teams that are bad that really want to win. Not going to be a walk in the park.
charOhRams::Honestly, we should be worried about every team. Unless you're Orlando.
jerryboy760::When will the Hawks ever win an NBA Championship?
MarylandFan4.20::The Hawks have more championships than half of this league...
colosportsman::Tough road to hoe with the Heat in the East..
liquidvizions707::word
charOhRams::They already did.
liquidvizions707::when we get a Center. that would be a huge start. can't think of it til then. Al isn't a center. so don't go there.
Alex47666::we face the clipps in our court on TNT   lets hope they stay within 10 points this time
johnselway::When is that game?
Runchamp420::Thursday.
Alex47666::ya they wont be cocky
colosportsman::SHould be a good game..Nuggets will be amped for that one.
