thunderguy80::I'm thinking a 3 team trade...OKC gives CLE Perkins,Jones and 1st rnd pick for Varejao.. then trades the Raptors Maynor,Lamb and  Orton plus 1st rnd pick and 2nd rnd pick for Caulderon
081tom::Durant and Westbrook are coexisting.  And killing the league.  What if Vinsanity and McGrady had stayed together on the Raptors?  I guess they both did what they needed to do to win a title and get into the HOF.  Or they followed the spotlight into oblivion.
The Thunder City::The Thunder is the  "Best in the West."  I think we'll play the Knicks this year in the Finals.
goostate24::Can't wait until Jackson comes into OKC next week. If only they allowed fighting in the NBA like in hockey... Jackson's nose would be in pieces. He would get throttled by serge. Serge has lived in America for 4 years and can talk better than him lol.
goostate24::Yay NBA IS THE WORST is back on here... Must be a big thunder hater. I apologize that OKC has ran the west the past two years, but you should get used to it. Oh, and btw, who has a better record out of OKC and MEM again?
Lavinwood::James Who?  Regardless of how that trade looked in the beginning...In Sam Presti We Trust.
ChimeraLycan::Hibbert is a walking LOL
nba is the worst::Classic NBA felon ref'd game. (Ken Mauer, convicted for federal tax evasion)  Not too hard to win when handed +17 fts (note the Pacers had more FGs and one more three).  Disgusting.
Bearcat5734::LOL, did you watch the game? OKC drove more, thus got fouled more, everything from indiana was just shots and fade aways, thus not as many free throws. And tax evasion automatically means he's like a convicted serial killer? sigh
dorucevic::The DIFFERENCE in this game was Kevin Martin of the bench 24 points where Pacers scored total 24 and OKC  38
nba is the worst::See above for the REAL DIFFERENCE
ThunderUpUNCPokes::LOL  get out, bro
Liberal Feminist::You're an idiot!  Why don't you cry about it!!!
lake_405::slugger457 - Easy schedule...so far  You are a complete idiot....how about you actually look at the Thunders schedule before spewing out this garbage pretty much everybody they have been beating lately is 500 or above.
jess1968inAZ::Using a bet system named sportsbettingstar. Im making around 2-3K a month usin gthis system. If you bet on sports at all you can find this system on the first page of google by searching the words sports betting system.
HoraceGrants::j
petroth23::I wonder if Roy Hibbert has recovered from getting t-bagged by Russ yet...
snguyen1965::Using a betting system called Sportsbettingstar the past few months. Ive made around 3K a month each month since I started. If you search google for basketball betting system you can find this system there. If you bet on sports this system is amazing.
ThunderUpUNCPokes::Wins against LAC, Utah, Philly, Ind, LAL, Brooklyn. All these teams probably make the playoffs (hopefully not the Lakers). Anyone saying our schedule is weak is a closeted Miami fan
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Who said OKC tail end of the season will be tough needs to look at that again. Feb, Mar, Apr each of those months only have 2 games with team that will be a 1-5 seed in the playoffs. Doesn't look to tough. Try again on your hating.
ForeverGrapeOKC::In case anybody missed that block by Russell  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d74qoWx9zh4
The_Reasonable_Guy_Is_AFK::I missed it... wow sick block.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::How could you miss it. ESPN has  played it 4 times already.
CandySparker::Cheers Russel BestBlock !
ForeverGrapeOKC::That block was nasty
Fahim58::"Somebody tel serg Abaka. He aint bout dis life. Next time he run up on me im goin in his mouth. ..."
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Old news.
GeorgeTownDC29::Thunder are scary good. Thought they would lose a step with Harden gone but nope.
slugger457::Easy schedule...so far
The Thunder City::Haha...this guy ^
Matthew Borba::#1 offense and #2 defense? Hope the Thunder can keep that up into the playoffs.
slugger457::Look at their schedule so far. The back end is going to be tough
Chargers_4_Sale::What's funny is people blame the refs for all losses and complain on this board like the other team fans are listening.
habersham raider5::Kevin Martin&gt;James Harden. am i right?
habersham raider5::i think Martin is a better fit then harden, cause martin doesnt mind coming off the bench and doing amazing, whereas harden would rather start and be the highlight of the game in stead of being in the shadows of two great stars.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::And not win a title. Don't forget that.
GeorgeTownDC29::I dont thinks so. K-mart might be a better fit for the Thunder though because he spaces the floor more than Harden
Oklahoman2424::I don't know if I would say better, but Martin thrives with other good players around him, whereas Harden is his own creator. Martin fits better in the OKC system with Westbrook and Durant than Harden did. Last year I watched way to much isolation basketball last year, this year the Thunder are actually passing the ball around and moving off the ball!
JoeyPhase219::Stephan Jackson is a thug. He's like 30 still talking that reckless $@%!...sad
James Harden 3 point Celebration::thunder up! gg pacers
thatcrossedtheline::30 free throws to 13?  lol?
MasterOfLogic::What's even funnier is that Thunder fans were complaining about the refs all game long.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::You where the one complaining about refs all game long try again.
Oklahoman2424::Can someone post a link to what S. Jackson said?
RDavison82::http://m.usatoday.com/article/news/1755463
Oklahoman2424::Thanks!
Andrew4Bama4::Damn. OKC is killin everyone they play
Oklahoman2424::And they are still working on the chemistry, gonna be interesting come playoffs!
kmartx01011::What exactly did Steven Jackson say?
kmartx01011::*Stephen
hoops 112hoping::best pg's in the league CP3 Westbrook Rose Rondo D-will Parker Irving Curry Holiday Lillard Lowry
MasterOfLogic::No Nash is pretty ridiculous.
hoops 112hoping::In four years:  Westbrook Rose Irving Rondo Lillard Holiday TREY BURKE! Curry Lowry Wall Rubio Lin
pastaface4life::wheres cp3 in 4 years he'll still be playing
Idsayitstime::Does anyone know when the allstar game is?
RDavison82::February 17th
Idsayitstime::C'mon I was homeschooled
4 Petes Sake::Ever heard of Google??  j/k
Oklahoman2424::Maybe it is just me and being a Thunder fan might mean I have the homer glasses on, but I believe they are the team to beat in the NBA right now. Elite offense, good/great defense, depth, youth, athleticism, length. I don't see how any other team can think they are better.
4 Petes Sake::I think its pretty obvious, you just dont wanna be playing your best ball in December.  Everyone should stay excited though, just dont listen to idiot fans.
4 Petes Sake::Pretty safe to say we will stand alone at the top of each of the Power rankings tomorrow.
4 Petes Sake::Really impressed with the defensive improvement and focus by the entire squad this year.
Idsayitstime::Ibaka&gt;Dwight Howard
4 Petes Sake::D12 just doesnt have Ibaka's warrior mentality.  Howard seems entitled and butthurt that as soon as he put that purple and gold on, wins didnt just come to him.
4 Petes Sake::I mean is it just me or is it obvious that Ibaka would tear SJack to shreds?
Mr Viz::Easily. Ibaka would go all Congo on him. We would never find the body.
4 Petes Sake::Something like "the Ghost and the Darkness."
Mr Viz::They should show the Jackson comments about Ibaka on the big screen right before the Thunder-Spurs game.
ForeverGrapeOKC::Dec 17th------that one circled on the calendar
lake_405::Ibaka would and will mess that punk up
4 Petes Sake::I have decided to donate my time as a 6th grade language teacher to Stephen Jackson in an effort to bring him up to my 8 year old sons spelling level.
RDavison82::6th grade? He needs to reach a 1st grade level first.
lake_405::Hahahaha no joke he has some of the worst spelling I have ever seen.....
lake_405::They just replayed that Westbrook block 100% all ball not even close to being a foul watch it for yourselves Pacers fans so we can just settle that one.
Mr.Hinds::I thought it was all ball. Westbrook can jump out of the gym
4 Petes Sake::I established that about 10 minutes ago.  Im probably not the first.
Lemuel7043::is that on youtube already?
lake_405::It will be soon I bet and all over SC for a couple weeks but I just saw 2 replays of it on local broadcasting.
RapCity421::8 pint lead vanished in seconds!
4 Petes Sake::I hope we anally rape the Spurs.
Mr Viz::I'm really not sure but in my opinion we should at least make an attempt. Presti is the man at this kind of thing, I'm sure it wouldn't be too difficult.
Mr Viz::The one thing we agree on. I wish I had a ticket behind their bench so I could yell profanities at them all game.
4 Petes Sake::Dont get me wrong man, Perk frustrates me too.  I just dont know who we get in his place.  I wouldnt say we disagree.
Idsayitstime::"I miss James harden"....said no thunder fan at all
habersham raider5::Martin&gt;harden.
Idsayitstime::Yeah but Eric Gordon isn't on our team
gt1master_ike::I rather have  Harden than ERic fkin Gordon who is always hurt.
Mr Viz::Agreed.
Mr Viz::Ever since the Steven Jackson comments about Ibaka, He could die in a plane crash and I would laugh.
RDavison82::If it was for a game that banger would be slinging drugs, dead, or doing life in prison.
Mr Viz::Indeed.
cowboyinorange87::dang i was really hoping to see my 108-96 OKC victory prediction...  not quite but pretty close
tillersouthpaw::Also, no offense to Perkins, but when he was in Boston, Rondo's best assist season was 9.8 apg. That was the year Perkins was hurt. 8.2 apg was his best when Perk was healthy. That was the year they won the championship. Russ is averaging 8.7 this year. Just sayin'
tillersouthpaw::Interesting Westbrook stats..Russell Westbrook is getting 1.4 more assists per game than Tony Parker, who is 6 1/2 yrs older and more experienced. Russell is getting 0.8 apg less than Chris Paul, who is 3 1/2 years older and more experienced. The only "pass first" pg is Rondo because he shoots 24% from 3 and 61% at the stripe. Rajon definately doesn't want to shoot.
luckyzac00::last time i checked the stats they read "westbrook 18.9 shots per game at 41.7 %.  durant shot 17.4 shots per game at 49%.  Westbrook 4.4 3s per game at 33.9% and durant shot 3.6 3s per game at 43.1%.  You do the math genius.  it's not rocket science, westbrook shoots way too many shots for a "PG" (what BS that is).  he is the most overrated player in the league.  i'll take parker, williams, rondo thanks.  OH AND GO SPURS
4 Petes Sake::"but he shoots more than Durant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"   (sarcastic)
lake_405::Skip Bayless is that you idiot?? (sarcasm) haha
4 Petes Sake::Am I wrong in believing that SAS is probably our #1 most loathed RIVAL?  Any agreement there?
ThunderUpUNCPokes::I would say Spurs, Lakers, then Heat or Mavs
4 Petes Sake::#1 for me is Spurs, #2 is LA Lakers.  Horrific fans.
lake_405::That buzzer beating shot by Tony Parker still haunts me from this year
Okcin2013::December 17th is right around the corner.
Sooner529::I forgot about Memphis, I actually dislike them more than the Spurs.
Sooner529::Spurs are up there with the Lakers. And perhaps the Heat after the finals loss.
Mr Viz::Them or Memphis. I can't stand either team. I actually like the Heat and Lakers more than SA and MEM.
ForeverGrapeOKC::I hate the Spurs
tillersouthpaw::Westbrook is 6th in points,4th in assists and 6th in steals for all of the NBA. On top of that, Russ leads all point guards in rebounding. He is a beast! Let's Go Thunder!
Idsayitstime::I just enjoy making up stats when it's beneficial to my argument, I believe u, I'm sure westbrook is # 2, I'd still take westbrook over Lowry any day
Idsayitstime::Westbrooks 5.6 says hello there
gt1master_ike::Westbrook is at 4.7 RPG, where did you get 5.6 from?
Idsayitstime::Westbrook leads pg in rpg
gt1master_ike::LIke I said above, Lowry has missed some games. But he still leads all PGs in RPG.   http://espn.go.com/nba/statistics/player/_/stat/rebounds/sort/avgRebounds/qualified/false/position/point-guards
tillersouthpaw::http://espn.go.com/nba/statistics/player/_/stat/rebounds/sort/avgRebounds/position/point-guards
gt1master_ike::http://espn.go.com/nba/player/_/id/3012/kyle-lowry  Lowry's 5.5 RPG says hi
gt1master_ike::Kyle Lowry is #1 in rebounding I think. But he has missed some games.
tillersouthpaw::not the qualified players
gt1master_ike::That makes no sense.  Most of Lowry's rebounds come on the defensive end so the raptors missing shots does not really mean much.
tillersouthpaw::nope its westbrook with 4.7. jeremy lin is #2 with 4.2.
lake_405::He has missed a lot of games and plays on a rebounding challenged team. So I would still give the nod to Westbrook on rebounding especially since the Raptors shoot such a bad percentage it gives lowry more chance to grab a board..
Idsayitstime::After watching this game I think okc will win 55-60 games this year
H3I5MAN 0N D3M R00K5::Good game OKC. Definitely rooting for you guys after the Pacers. Fun team to watch.
lake_405::Thanks man I am rooting for the Hoosiers Cody Zeller best player in the country ! I can only dream he somehow lands on the Thunder.
