4SportsFanESPN::Let me guess...the Hawks have an easy schedule like the falcons too
ulthumbei::Hawks fans are the luckiest fans in the league.  You actually found a team dumb enough to eat Joe Johnson's contract.  Being able to drop 20million in payroll (or however much, I'm too lazy to check) and then play better than before?  That's as good as it gets.  I thought Ferry was a dingbat for not putting a team around Lebron that was good enough to make him stay but the day he traded Johnson my opinion of him immediately rose 2 notches.  My opinion of Billy King stayed the same as it couldn't go much lower.
manimarf09::Very interesting how well the Hawks are doing this year. Not surprised. Even though they lost JJ, they quietly picked up Lou Williams. Liking this team.
michael107115::The way Bayless and Wayne Ellington are playing they should bring Tony Wroten back and play him. He gives you a dynamic playing making 6'6 guard with so much raw talent. Bayless has his moments but he takes too many bad shots. If they can get Wroten going they would be even better
whooty-doo-doo::GO HAWKS !!! UP NEXT....THE PELICANS !!
666 is the mark of the beast::hawks vs pelicans
rudy1684::Great 3rd quarter Memphis
JT in Atlanta::I'm glad Hawks are winning but I just find them hard to watch. To me they seem boring to watch. Has the game passed me by or does anyone else feel the same way? I know they need a big, but it seems like something else is missing.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Boring is not the word I would use but to each their own. Their winning. Spurs have been boring to most people for years but I don't see them people in San Antonio complaining.
Mr. Nut Job::Pathetic Bear!  Pathetic loss.  Should have made a rug of you says KIMBA!
jeff050578::Atlanta has some good regular season teams the last few years(Braves for the last 20 years) but come postseason it doesnt work out and it wont again this year for the Hawks and the Falcons.
Ramblin Blacket Jacket::All you losers talking crap about my city and it's teams can go stick your heads under my tires as I back out of my drive way. Instead of enjoying a nice when, you find something negative to say. Go Hawks!!!!
John Adams 2nd prez::Y'all know next to nothing in terms of sports.
Mr. Nut Job::That's well said you know your sports history.  Some Cities just never can put it together.  At least they have the Braves... One doesn't count much on Atlanta in sports, it burnt down once in the Civil War as well!  Lincoln for Best Picture this year!  That should please Atlanta!
DanHalen880::that's not unique to atlanta.  we've always had teams that suck in the postseason if they ever got there.  only now...we've got teams that actually make it. this is an improvement. trust me, i've been a fan of all ATL sports since the early 80's
ATLANTA BRAVES TOMAHAWK CHOP::Thats my team !!! Best team in the league !!! THE HAWKS!!
LetsGoBraves2012::J-SMOOVE!!!
Krownslimothy::guys listen joe johnson wasn't loved in atl because he never wanted to be a leader he just wanted the big money but didn't want to be the big time player every night like durant, kobe, lebron, etc. plus he didn't like the fan base and also putting up with the hawks. he is in the perfect place now because the nets already have a true leader and he can score his 30 one night and 10 the next and no one will be mad. the hawks are way better without him and o yea bye the way the hawks team loves the idea of every night a new guy can shine so I dont think josh smith is dumb as people think. I think josh smith was more upset with the fact of johnson being the star in atl and he didn't want to and josh smith was screaming on the inside that he can lead the team better and by the way this year he is and doing it in a respectfull way dont yall think.
BoagsBeer::All hail the Hawks!
emthomasjr::Tough loss, especially the way it happened.  That 3rd quarter was brutal!  But, this is the team that built the Grindhouse.  We'll shake it off and get better next game.  Good game Hawks.
terrbro::Good win!
knight_rider_1983::Memphis was just tired tonight and didn't respect the Hawks
emthomasjr::Yeah, and the Hawks aren't bad either.  We did run out of steam, but it wasn't like this back to back set was a surprise.  We have to figure out a better strategy for back to backs and it will involve better chemistry from the bench, more trust of them and more PT.  They have shown that they can get it done.
Icterus Galbuli::Can't stand for those idiots that bring up "front runner"... Truth is EVERY city in the country is FULL of front runner fans ...you let ANY team go through a few years of bad play and then turn it around..attendance will jump....  I am a big fan of Robin Williams movies and watch many of them over and over again ..but when Toys comes on ...I change the channel .....:);)
adt0002::hawks baby! did not expect them to beat the grizzles on the road
Badboyz2011::Hey Grizzs, this is what a real team looks like!
Latinofire20::lol that's funny since the grizzlies still have the 3rd best record in the league.
John Adams 2nd prez::Check the scoreboard
Okcin2013::Great job Hawks.Memphis needed to be took down a notch or two.
bigjoe93ATLANTA::What? We knocked off the NBA's best team AT HOME? Not bad for the Hawks considering that we're 'building for a run' lol
DoctorScreamer100::Did it after playing last night, too.
Badboyz2011::Let em' hate bigjoe, probably still sulking.
gt1master_ike::NBA's best team? not quite.
bigjoe93ATLANTA::Record wise. If they aren't #1, they're are #2...
SportsFan8916::Anyway..Nice game Hawks..i like the collective sportsmanship this year..it was missing the previous seasons despite their being more talent..maybe Smith will step his game up
Grindhouse2413::Tough loss Griz fans. We crapped the bed in the third quarter. Good job Hawks. Ugh, this is going to suck waiting for the Phoenix game on Wednesday. Lets bounce back boys
ugadawgs414::Ok Sportsfan, I get it...you dont have a lot of respect for Atlanta as a sports town.  Thats fine, but you cant just use blanket terms from the media to try and justify negativity about Atlanta's fanbase. I can speak from having been born and raised in the metro area that the city of Atlanta doesnt have a "front runner" fan base, or for that matter disinterested fans. What we are is a transplant city that has a ton of newcomers from all over in the baby boom generation.  My generation (mid 20s) is the first generation in Atlanta since the commercial boom to truly be born and raised as Atlanta fans. Granted some of us are still stuck on what some of our parents love (NY Giants, Yankees, Red Sox, Cubs...are all notorious away teams to deal with) but most of us are Atlanta fans. When we get in to the work force and start making enough money to purchase season tickets and consistently make games, Atlanta's fan base is going to change.  The state of Georgia has rabid fans...just go up to Athens in the fall. I'm thinking in about 5 years, that will hopefully translate into the professional sports realm, and the Braves, Falcons, and Hawks will all have solid attendance.
SportsFan8916::that is true about ATL tho..have a lot of ppl from other towns that's why it's common to see a lot of Knicks fans in the crowd along with other cities..but of course Knicks fanbase is uncomparable to Hawks..along with Giants vs Falcons etc..Northeast passion is just a different ball game than the South..now College football is another story
SportsFan8916::nah man i don';t use the media at ALL..i've grown up in places that commonly play ATL teams..grew up in Orlando so Hawks and Orlando play a lot..i live in Philly now so the Braves and Phillies are a good little rival..can't say the same about the Eagles and Falcons but it's just a consistent pattern with ATL teams and their success..and i can't tell u how many times fans who been so cocky in the regular season and disappeared while their team was down in a game..any true fan loses respect for That type of fan..i respect the realistic ATL fans
ugadawgs414::Fair enough man. You'll find those types of fans in any sport and in any town. I mean, Im as die hard an Atlanta sports fan as they come, and I know I handle success differently than some of my friends who love ATL sports as much as I do...and I handle loss differently too.  I just cant stand the people who target Atlanta as this crappy sports town. We have so many fans here, they just came from NY, Chicago, etc and still root for their teams. I just think back to the writer who said last year that the Falcons and ATL didnt deserve to win a playoff game because our fan base stunk. There is likely no way he has spent significant time in Atlanta or been to a few Falcons games.
GDAWGS03015::How bout them HAWKS!!!
Trues1985::Somehow, an ATL team will break out of it and bring the city it's second championship.  But anyway this fool is talking about loyal fans.  Loyal to what? Losing?   We got 1 championship in all the major sports.  That's pathetic....that's miserable.  However, Arthur Blank, Frank Wren &amp; Danny Ferry all have everyone optimistic nowadays and UGA is right on the cusp.
SportsFan8916::as long as these teams actually advance and win something meaningful..Falcons need to stop aiming for 1 playoff win..with another successful season the goal is a Ring not winning a playoff game as so many other opposing fans talk about..if Falcons win their 1st playoff game then lose the next how is that a great season?..after possibly going almost undefeated that's a failure..ATL teams always do pretty damn good in the regular season than just fall in the playoffs..the first round at that..has to be frustrating for the true loyal ATL fans
RepresentATLSports::I've decided there is a curse on this sports city for the playoffs. EVERY atlanta team fails hard in the playoffs, one way or another.  Even the dawgs this year pretty much had a playoff and one tipped pass screws it. The braves in field fly... cursed! maybe the falcons will break the curse this year..
GDAWGS03015::Actually this has probably been the best sports year ever in the state of Georgia.  Go Hawks!  Falcons!  DAWGS!!!
gtlefty2015::a play-IN game is not a Play-OFF game
RepresentATLSports::isn't that sad when you think about it though...? but it has been a good year... i'd say 95 was pretty sweet, but thats just me
ugadawgs414::Braves made the playoff too....
texasrocks123456::This Hawks team has mental toughness that wasn't there a year ago. The talent may be slightly worse overall, but with Horford back and fully healthy it almost cancels out Joe leaving. I think the attendance will come now that people are noticing the Hawks.
SportsFan8916::he's been in the league too long to make excuses now..he's only getting older..that's why teams don't go out of their way to trade for him..if he played like he did the end of last season teams would be on him trust me..imagine him on the Clippers with their squad now..even Miami
Lemuel7043::just turned 27
SportsFan8916::Josh just needs a Leader on his team that can help him improve his game..he's just a guy that plays to play ..he could easily be at Lebron's level or better because he has that toughness and explosiveness but he lacks the discipline and IQ..if he had that ATL would be almost solid
Lemuel7043::he's actually an underrated passer. good court vision
ugadawgs414::Josh Smith has a higher basketball IQ than most people give him credit for. He understands concepts quickly, he is just lazy from time to time.
SportsFan8916::Please man..Williams is decent that's it..like i said   Sixers last year and they couldn't stop Celtics with Lou  he isn't that clutch player
Badboyz2011::Many teams have won without that one guy, ask Lebron for the past 7 years prior to last.
RepresentATLSports::al played his heart out in last seasons playoffs after coming back from that injury, hope to see that again this year
ugadawgs414::Full season Al Horford, he can be clutch no problem
SportsFan8916::that's the definition of a front runner..but i agree that Hawks are a more collective and mentally tough team..with Joe gone that whole all star talk has left ATL besides Al..so now they're kind of an under the radar team..like i said bro  Nice squad that may catch a team off guard like the Bulls If Rose is back (if he isn't they may beat them) but in order to advance u need that One guy who can be clutch..ATL lacks that
Lemuel7043::Lou Williams
RepresentATLSports::I agree, but Josh or Al might progress into that One guy this season. They both have the potential, josh more so I think.
ongbak2003::Hawks are better without Joe Johnson.
gtlefty2015::like him or not he turned our franchise around
SportsFan8916::can't argue that   and joe johnson is better without the Hawks
Trues1985::Joe Johnson is the same guy....dragging the Nets down with him.
RepresentATLSports::I know this was played in Memphis but I have to say... Atlanta attendance is played way way WAY out of proportion for the Braves and Falcons, but holy hell the Hawks attendance has been f*cking pathetic! When Iso Joe, our "superstar" (lol), was here, we had a bit better attendance, but right now we are 28th in the league... 12-5, and 28th in the damned league! the fuuuuu
SportsFan8916::No loyal fans bro..wait til u guys get to the playoffs tho..that's how it always goes
ugadawgs414::Dude I was a Thrasher season ticket holder or the first four years pre-strike.  The Spirit sold off an entire allstar roster, and never had any intention of succeeding in Atlanta.  I like what Ferry has done in his brief tenure, but the Spirit need to get the hell out of Atlanta.
RepresentATLSports::So true. I hate hockey but a toooon of my friends loved the thrashers and asg pretty much screwed them out of existence. Too bad the hawks sale fell through..
ugadawgs414::The Atlanta Spirit is the worst ownership in sports history.   You should see ticket prices...they dont encourage people to attend anything at Phillips
RepresentATLSports::Also, you don't see how empty the arena really is. A game I went to had probably a little over a thousand people....
RNYC::Hawks tremendous season thus far. Coach Drew doing an amazing job
entalmighty::Moody Gay is complete junk.  You have Z-Bo shooting almost 70%, but only takes 12 shots.  25 shots and 1 free throw Rudy?  Way to be aggressive Brotato.  Please, can we amnesty this guy and pick up somebody that isn't an isolation offensive player and a defensive liability?
RepresentATLSports::iso joeeeeee!
SportsFan8916::And if Dwight wants a championship he'll go to a city that has loyal fans..Hawk don't have a loyal fanbase..not hating just stating facts..and Hawks don't attract big stars..if a player goes there it's because the money was too good to pass up..not because they thought of the fan base..if anything they think more about the strip clubs than the 50 fans that show up..anyway  Hawks have nice defense this season hence their record but their offense won't stop star studded teams under pressure (playoffs)..they may get lucky in the 1st round depending on who they play..Josh Smith better make it count before he goes
banditt311::the only three players in the league that went to a team to win a championship play for the heat. Every other player goes were the money is..aka Harden
SportsFan8916::and better this year than they were with Joe, Crawford, Smith, and Hortford along with Hein? come on man..Sixers last year were better than the Hawks team This year and how far did the Sixers get?  there's no player on the Hawks that Isn't stoppable..Josh Smith could be so explosive he had good ball IQ..i'm talking Lebron explosive but he lacks that that's a huge reason why Hawks don't advance
SportsFan8916::how am i negative man? I swear bro i can't have a sports related convo with ATL fans because they always think anyone who has something not so good to say about their team..they're hating..can't u just state some general logic without hating? Hawks have a NICE squad..they're not a Dangerous team..Hawks are playing as good as they can right now while teams like Miami and Clippers are just playing thru the emotions just good enough to get to the playoffs..Hawks may take a team to 6 or  games but when they're matched up they'll be stopped..anything can happen but Hawks are just a nice regular season team as always
Trues1985::relax
RepresentATLSports::As a hawks fan, i agree with you. This is a rebuilding year... and we are still playing great, so I am excited as hell.. just imagine if we DO add a dwight, a cp3... any star thats not iso joe. Though you are so right about the attendance. It pisses me off... just the hawks in atlanta, though really. Braves attendance is overplayed and falcons always sell out (as they should)
taylormenczynski::I think you are a negative nancy, the hawks are consistently good, and arguably better this year than ever so i think that if they finish top 4 there is no reason a high profile player wouldnt pick ATL (even if its for the cash) since they have the money to do it. Besides the fans will come in time, and just cause they dont show up much doesnt mean there isnt a large fan base you are just hating cause the grizzles lost :p
SportsFan8916::by the way..not a grizzlies fan at all lol  can't even name 7 players on the team not saying they suck but u get my point..ATL fans are front runners..if the Hawks make the playoffs sure they'll show up but if they're down 3-2 in the playoffs and the game is at home i guarantee u it won't sell out..that's how it's been for years my man..of course they have some "loyal" fans tho..just Some
texasrocks123456::Gotta love the depth in the Hawks front court. Teague and Lou are holding it down up top. Shooters like Korver and Marrow add great spacing. Not to mention this team is full of crafty veterans who seem to be gelling well. They may not have the wing players to guard a team like Miami, but they definitely have enough talent to cause matchup problems for the majority of the league. Danny Ferry did a great job of maintaing this teams ceiling while getting rid of Joe's abysmal contract. Not saying they will go far in the playoffs, but I think they are second round material with the potential to cause problems for almost anybody.
texasrocks123456::Im willing to give Dwight the length of this season to figure it out. I mean he did carry Orlando to a finals over the Cavs when they had Lebron. I hated the Dan Toni hire by the Lakers. I don't think him or Mike Brown were good choices. Should have got Phil Jackson. But as far as the Hawks go I think Horford and Smith make for better leaders than Joe Johnson ever did. And the role players are all veterans and understand what it takes to win.
SportsFan8916::they have a nice squad but no star player..u need that Go to guy and as nice as Williams was on the Sixers and we all saw how "dangerous" they appeared at times last year..they got stopped against a team like the Celtics who does have a star player..get me?  Hawks lack that and that's their downfall..Dwight wouldn't even help their chances..if Dwight can't get it going on LA and couldn't bring Magic to another finals despite back to back playoff appearances..he ain't gonna do it in ATL even if Paul goes..
Trues1985::The Hawks have the luxury of throwing the ball in to their bigs.  That is something other teams can't do.  Josh Smith &amp; Al Horford are THE best power forward/center combo in the league.    Not to mention they are both versatile and matchup nightmares because they run the floor, pass well, can handle the ball, play multiple positions, can score and rebound and defend the pick and roll.  This is what they should have been doing but ISO-JOE never moved the ball.  They are a great passing team now and when the shooters get hot they are a VERY tough team to matchup with.  Don't underestimate this team, they already slapped up OKC, Clips and Memphis.
SportsFan8916::Hawks fans need to realize something..as powerful as Dwight looks..he will Never be an Abdul or Shaq..there's No reason why Dwight hasn't come close to the numbers those players had Despite their years of success.,point is Dwight doesn't improve his game..he's Not Aggressive like Shaq was..he does the same post up..stands with arms out when the ball is stolen and runs down the court at his pace..he did it on the Magic and is doing it with the Lakers..what makes u guys think he'l change on the Hawks?
O.J. Mayo::Should've never let me go.
emthomasjr::And trade 40 point games for the best start in franchise history?  Nah...I think we're aiight where we are.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::nice game tonight but look at Dallas record and the team that traded you record. Yep, go away.
gt1master_ike::Why did Gay take 25 shots? The Grizz have too much talent for one player to take that many shots especially when he is not hitting.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Hawks beat both the Thunder and the Grizzlies in their house this year. Ain't that something?
zdunn1785::oh and btw we destroyed the clippers at home like last week i believe
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::true that!
zdunn1785::exactly? so why are you so sad that you lost "one" game
roy2daboy::In a sly way, you Hawk fans have been trying to be nice.  It is what it is though.  Moving on.
zdunn1785::its okay to be upset yes, but you are dogging us hawks fans out for what reason? dont take your anger and hate out on us, we have been respectable to you and your fellow grizzly fans
roy2daboy::Who said that I was sad?  I have a right to be upset if my team loses.
roy2daboy::Still a LONG season and both teams can beat your team in ATL.
zdunn1785::couldve beaten the clippers but they blew the lead i think
LarryLuk2012::They DID beat the Clippers. Blasted them.
roy2daboy::Memphis fans are NOT happy right now (as we should not be happy with their non-effort performance).
emthomasjr::Tail end of back to back.  We are a team built on energy.  We just have to have a better strategy for these games.  Hopefully we learn from this, especially Rudy.  When the shot is not falling, you have to get into the game some other way to help your team win, like....defense?
roy2daboy::Nope.  Listening to the post game show on local radio and people are highly uspet with the Grizzlies performance tonight.  They appear to share my sentiments.
zdunn1785::Or just you aren't happy lol
Chargers_4_Sale::Thunder should be ranked number 1 after this.
Ladale::Wayne Ellington of the Grizz is garbage. They need to make a trade for J.J. Reddick to stretch the floor for their front to operate.
emthomasjr::Yeah, but he's $6M.  The salaries don't match at all.  We would have to trade like 3 players to get him and then would be under the minimum number of roster players.
roy2daboy::So the Hawks had a caravan of fans to travel to Memphis for the game.  Maybe the Grizz need to do the same thing and take over Phillips Arena on 2-6-13.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::I remember when I 1st started watching sports and would predict games 2 and 3 months into the future too. Funny times.
zdunn1785::lol roy dude its just one game chill dang
roy2daboy::Nope.  Grizz won't get lazy again in the 2nd half.
zdunn1785::but you said atl had no fans:/
roy2daboy::They had a few fans to show up.  Maybe more than the ones that actually shows up at the arena???
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Just to see them lose again?? Why? :-)
C-Jammin::Imagine:  Chris Paul, Lou Williams, Josh Smith, Al Horford, and Dwight Howard.  I don't think it will happen, but there is a chance and that lineup would be killer.
C-Jammin::Just throwing out a best case scenario.  I know it isn't likely and I know the Hawks would struggle to have Howard, Paul, and Smith.  But anything is possible.  With Howard and Paul both having Atlanta ties, anything could happen.  Regardless though, I think the Hawks look good right now, and if they could sign a playmaker like Paul or a dominant inside force like Howard, the Hawks could really be an elite force in the East.
zdunn1785::teauge wouldnt be on our team if we get cp3, all that payroll wont add up
C-Jammin::Lou has been playing like a starter lately.  I was thinking maybe if we signed Paul we could play both him and Teague.  We would playing a bit small but both guys are good passers and shooters.
flip tide.....::you silly man.  Basketball players are not like pennies  you dont and cant "add them up" to make a dollar!!
C-Jammin::But the Hawks play defense right now.  However, Horford is more fit as a power forward.  The problem right now is if Howard were to go up against a guy like Howard, he would get beat.  That was proven the last few years when Howard was in Orlando.  Adding Howard would allow Horford to shift over to PF and I think the Hawks defense would be even better than it is right now.  Howard won several DPOY awards in Orlando.  D'Antoni's system may not suit him, but the Hawks system could.
flip tide.....::Because Dwight Howard is not necessarily a "defensive player", he is a well equipped cog in a defensive SYSTEM.  He excelled in Orlando, but not so much in LA because D'antoni think defense is something you use to keep the dogs inside the yard!  In Orlando, the perimeter defenders would hedge on the closeout, deny the three point shot, and shade the shooter towards Howard who alter or block the shot. Horford requires touches, as does Howard
C-Jammin::What part of that starting lineup is silly if we were able to sign both Paul and Howard?  You have tremendous defense and 2 or 3 great play makers along with a dominant center and power forward.  Sounds like an equation for success.
zdunn1785::lou wouldnt start, i hope we resign korver the way hes playing and he might stay since he has a child now. Maybe he wants to settle down in atl with his family who knows.
shawnt92::thank god. Grizzlies are losing
zdunn1785::roy you should go to sleep b/c you are very worried over one loss early in he season go relax dude.
zdunn1785::thats not a troll comment hes just glad they are losing so his team can above them probably
roy2daboy::Sounds like a troll comment to me fool.
roy2daboy::Thanking the Lord that someone else is suffering????  Sounds like you have the devil in you troll.
roy2daboy::How about you mind your own damn business and let me comment on what this idiot said the way I want to old timer????
flip tide.....::^ losing a game is not "suffering"  you want to know what suffering is? Live in Syria, Gaza, or Darfur.  get some damn perspective, junior  /smfh
shawnt92::lol. wow. its a game take it easy
slapshotcity123::Alright, nice talking basketball with ya'll. Good luck to the Hawks the rest of the season. You guys earned the victory tonight.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::I'm not going to clown Joe, I just think a game like tonight would have been a loss because of the one-demensional mindset we had with him.  This team this year seems to just spread it a lot more with much more emphasis on Horford and Josh making plays down the stretch with the closer off the bench Lou Will ville. A much better remedy.
Lemuel7043::Joe is all business. Never really cared. I only remember him showing heart during the ATL vs BOS series that went to game 7.
Trues1985::Joe Johnson has no heart....no grit.  Tonight you saw Anthony Morrow scrapping for rebounds, and all 3 point guards scrapping, running and being disruptive.  Joe Johnson would have fallen asleep.
flip tide.....::^ you don't know jack   ..... or Joe
Viktor Karelin::What if the Hawks signed Howard and Iguadola this offseason?
AtlantaFalconsFan77::Iguodala, and maybe howard, and cp3?!?!
Trues1985::just Iguodala would be fine.  Keep Horford and JSmoove together.  They do damage.
Lemuel7043::I wouldn't sign Iggy. we already have an all-around player (poor man's Lebron) and that is J-smoove. I would rather look for a go-to guy.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Sir_Sleepy_Slept - Iggy makes J-Smoove look like he play for the Spurs.  Meanig his IQ is that bad as far as shot selection
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Iggy makes J-Smoove look like he play for the Spurs.
slapshotcity123::Iggy's overrated in my opinion. Really overrated.
Viktor Karelin::Yeah but if they get him on a nice contract (which they probably couldn't) along with Howard they would be by far the best defense in the NBA
1337s0lja::that would be nasty but I would sit Howard down and tell him he needs to grow up.
pedrobear1::Grizz haven't been playing well and it caught up to them when they finally played a good team
rc021363::Agree.  The only Grizzly with any real consistent intensity is Z-Bo.  Marc is consistent, and I like his steady play.  But, Marc did not help on the boards with Z-Bo tonight and that was not good.
rc021363::I only wish a few would come out scoring, some off the bench.  I know they will have an off night, but not like this.  The bench needs to be utilized more if the starters seem to off, and that has been lately.  Grizzlies will do fine in the long run, just needs to fix these finer points.
pedrobear1::all of our big 4 have lapses. Conley 2 nights in a row. Rudy tonight. Wish they would all show up on the same night
1337s0lja::I also wonder what Larry Drews fate is after this year. His contract is up too.
1337s0lja::Gasol is in a slump but I think he would fit in. Hes a great passer for a big man.
Trues1985::no thanks
rc021363::Most of the team is slumping lately.  The hunger is not in the team the last few games, and it shows.  No one except Z-Bo on the boards means no intensity from the rest of the team.
pedrobear1::Conley is slumping.
airic.ad::Joe wasn't bad player-wise, he was just VERY predictable.  Made the team worse that way.
Lemuel7043::he had big buckets in close games. but he has been so inconsistent. He's better at 2nd or 3rd option like what he was on PHX
Trues1985::yeah close games against the Raptors, Bobcats or the Wizards.  Never against the Celtics, Spurs or Heat when we really needed him.  That's why the city of Atlanta collectively jumped for joy for Danny Ferry when he got rid of Humpback Williams and Joe Johnson
Trues1985::Joe routinely had lines like 3-14 14 pts, 40 minutes, 2 assists, 2 rebs.   He has non-impact points....rarely when you really need a bucket.  He did stuff like miss technical foul free throws...miss the front end of a one and one.   Just little stuff that annoyed everyone in Atlanta.  I'm surprsed Brooklyn hasn't tried to get that guy out of there yet
