terrible1615::LEMVP
RepeatComingUp::Heat back in FIRST in the East! As Usual!
nba is the worst::Top ten bricks per game update:   1. Kobe 11.37 (eclipsing 'melo's previous season high 11.0)   2. Westbrick 10.88   3. Monta 10.81   4. 'Melo 10.77   5. Jennings 10.04   6. Felton 9.85   7. Gay 9.68   8. Aldridge 9.65   9. Curry 9.46 (1st time in the top 10)   10. Harden 9.44
uncallday252::Lebron unlike Kobe is getting smarter and more effective as he gets older, and more mature within his game. Everybody jumped on the Lakers bandwagon when Howard was sent to LA, but the Heat is still the team to beat. The knicks have been playing great, and have beaten the heat twice already, but I think that was more due to hype. The Knicks will have a great regular season, and fall in the playoffs again to MIami
Bamm7272::When the Heat win, these boards are dead. The haters that didn't commit suicide when the Heat won the championship last year went back into hiding.
brunick1::Or everyones on the NFL boards considering its sunday
oneandonlybabe::well that too... although I'm avoiding those like the plague cause my team is hanging by a thread.
oneandonlybabe::Haters are busy on the Lakers board and the Lakers won! LOL
tmbardo::25+ points averaging 18 shots per game. Both field goal percentages well above 40. I think it's safe to say that LeBron is turning the corner and perhaps better than anyone. We all remember Kobe when he slowed down with the "showtime" and played the complete game. LeBron has been playing a complete game and his scoring is just not a big deal to him. It's as if he's bored at times out there. With his jump shooting improving how it has, he is completely un-guardable. I agree though, he will be the youngest to 20,000. He's already in the top 30 all-time among scoring leaders. Which shows his consistency considering he only has one scoring title.
.NYC IS THE BEST 68::lebron is will be the youngest to score 20K
Bigdaddy5233::Write it down. When there careers are over if neither get hurt kd will have out scored lebron by a mile. Lebron size going to hurt him as he gets older like other big strong players big is bad on the knees.  Kd a pure scorer.
Bigdaddy5233::And he has a point guard that's shoots 5 shots a game more than him. Could imagine if he had rondo or true point guard the guy would average 35-37 a game.
Bigdaddy5233::He actually went to college. His scoring average much higher for a career. Look at the same amount of years and compare. Numbers don't lie. Nuff said
micheal3600::actually Lebron avg almost 28 pts/game and KD avg 26.4 pts/game so everything you said is wrong
Bigdaddy5233::Then kd blows right on by
Waterville Panthers::Whats funny is KD isn't even close to 20k yet he won't beat LeBron as youngest
nba is the worst::So what?
oneandonlybabe::well some say dumb some say fun... seem to me that most of these facts' posted by many here can easily fall under either category *shrugs*
nba is the worst::The "youngest" thing is just dumb - there's no "age multiplier" when comparing NBA careers
oneandonlybabe::It was one of those 'fun facts' you like to post so often.  Surprised you don't get it... Perhaps if someone posted a fun fact about Kobe?
STAPLESxCENTERxBUILTxONxKoBRICKS::Kobrick is back to bricking, wade is back to being efficient, and lebron is back to scoring 30.   All is right on the world.
Bigdaddy5233::Lebron 6 straight games without a foul called on him. I never want to hear a heat fan complain about the refs screwing them.     David stearn
scabbfan::kobe    =  41 shots for 34pts Lebron = 20 shots for 30 pts  Conclusion is kobe the better player because he scored more points. kobe fan boys
JohndoMEnow1::Who is ur favorite princess?lebron?kobe? justin beiver?   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tORSqrJYu3E
TAC0REV::Corbin is an awful, awful coach. As long as he's around, mediocrity is the highest ceiling for this or any Jazz team, regardless of the players. The front office needs to be slapped too for keeping that lazy a.s.s cancer Al Jefferson on the team for so long.
nba is the worst::Kobe crashed through the 11 bricks per game ceiling tonight.  1st player over 300 misses (307), 11.37 bricks/gm
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Number 8, I mean number 24 at his best. That guy almost never rips tougher teams defenses in the playoffs.
Djuki 3::hey worst 18-6 &gt; 19-7 ;)
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Lets hope it continues. After a great year against the defenses last year (A great year for him at least), Westbrook is back to down to earth. 40.7% against the defense. That poor shot selection that he has been known for will hopefully carry into the Heat game.
Djuki 3::should be a good game no matter what the outcome i'm off to bed, later bro
nba is the worst::Yet still tied in the standings (but I agree).  Can the heat go 1-1 in their next 2?
nba is the worst::I got it right away, of course ;)  Heat should beat OKC &amp; Bcats, but then a road B2B in Detroit/Milwaukee coming right up...
Djuki 3::lol i'm just messing with you. we'll see won't we =P
Djuki 3::wow the Jazz couldn't even win a quarter
Djuki 3::good job, good effort Jazz
erik2806::No fouls for LeBron..amazing...
nba is the worst::The ref help continues!
Djuki 3::oh stop whining ;)
Inbound_the_Ball::Over the last 12 years, there have been 13 games where a player has shot 40 or more FGAs.     2 for Allen Iverson. He shot at or above 50% in both.    1 for Chris Webber. He shot above 50%.    1 for Zach Randolph. He shot 40%. Awful.    Leaving 9 for Kobe. He shot below 50% in all but one of those games. He even shot 36% in one of those games. All to 'get his.' He's the very definition of a volume shooter.
nba is the worst::Now post the wins
Gnu1087::Is Dwade getting old? Or is he just not Kobe?
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Wade is not a volume shot-chucker/scorer against defenses the way Kobe is. So no, Wade is not Kobe.
Shub2308::Wow, Lebron  hasnt been called for a foul in 2 weeks, terrible.
Inbound_the_Ball::That's not terrible. That's great.
nba is the worst::Beavis and Butthead reruns on Comedy Central tonight.  Did you know they were heat fans?
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Huh huh, huh huh (in my Beavis/Butthead voice)
fairandbalanced00::Give DWade 41 shot attempts like kobrick had and watch him score 55-60points, I can't think of a winning formula if a player tried that many shot attempts in Miami.
dwade grater den jordan 2.0::1nce again maimi provies r leages best  GO HEAT!!
nathan ftwz::Did you drop out in middle school?
Inbound_the_Ball::Fake Heat fans. SMH
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::I'm out. Peace.
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::<b> Kobe= 13 points in the 4th &amp; OT. 7 points in OT    </b>
gigantic::I just noticed Kobe barfed up 41 shots, but only got one free throw attempt. That seems almost impossible.
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Why lie?  Kobe had 7 points in the 4th and 6 points in OT.
fairandbalanced00::Also had 41 attempts while shooting only 39% and bricking 25....that's kobric!!
ChargersFan4Life001::well im out, gn to anybody left. lakers still suck
DefensiveRebounds::41 shots, 1 free throw....
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Well he's averaging 8.8 FTAs per game so it's about time he didn't get bailed out by the refs.
Inbound_the_Ball::Its only fishy if you didn't watch the games. No one is driving at LeBron. The only way a guy LBJ is guarding goes to the rim is if LeBron gets picked. If they don't challenge LeBron while driving at him, and instead settle for jump shots, its almost impossible for LBJ to foul.  And he's not one of these players who jumps at pump fakes. He rarely jumps at all on defense.
DefensiveRebounds::I Make Groundbreaking Predictions - Well Lebron is averaging 1.4 FPG this season.  On par with Luol Deng, also a very good defender, who is also averaging 5 more minutes played this season.  -------------------------------  true, but 0 fouls for 6 straight games is fishy. But no doubt LeBron is a good defender.
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Well Lebron is averaging 1.4 FPG this season.  On par with Luol Deng, also a very good defender, who is also averaging 5 more minutes played this season.
DefensiveRebounds::I Make Groundbreaking Predictions - Nah. He just didn't get fouled. It's ridiculous he averages more FTAs than Lebron when Lebron is WAY more aggressive.  ---------------  it evens out with 0 fouls for 6 straight games.
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Nah. He just didn't get fouled. It's ridiculous he averages more FTAs than Lebron when Lebron is WAY more aggressive.
DefensiveRebounds::exactly, so that 41 shots is deceptive. At least 10-15 FTs was there.
ChargersFan4Life001::lebron hasnt been called for a foul in 6 games, and yet he needs to cry to the refs? lol
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Well in fairness he was fouled on that play.
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Until a video of a foul by him in the last 6 games can be produced I can't agree with your argument.
ChargersFan4Life001::in fairness he has most likely gotten away with fouls in the last 6 games, but got away with them
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Kobe went 3-6 in overtime. It really wasn't impressive at all. Add up how bad he played the rest of the game and today was a really bad game. Got bailed out by MWP
ChargersFan4Life001::mwp and nash
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::I know kobe shot 41 one times BUT when the lakers needed a basket in OT kobe came through.... He hit some tough shot in ot......
t casey::He'd better make some big shots if he's gonna shoot 41 times and only make roughly a third of them.
Derrick Roses Skittles::guess im going too. see ya guys, maybe with a new name, maybe with this same one tomorrow.  although i am flying back to my hometown tomorrow morning so i won't be on for the majority of the day
ChargersFan4Life001::gn
Derrick Roses Skittles::gn bud
major red::Melo being mvp is a joke
tito1391::i dont really see what's so funny about that...
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::I Make Groundbreaking Predictions - Who had the better game? Wade or Kobe?  <b> wade had the better game...... </b>
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Thank you. That's all I wanted.
GaspoMinnyFan981::and Im out
ChargersFan4Life001::gn
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::peace
koke35997_::Aight I'm out
ChargersFan4Life001::gn
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::gn.  Palmetto &gt; Killian
Thanks ESPN....again::gotta wake up early, gn everyone
ChargersFan4Life001::gn beza
BABY IGGY..GIVE MELO THE ROCK OR TWINKIE.YOUR CHOICE::gn
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::gn
GaspoMinnyFan981::gn
FlyGuys623::Aight I'm out
ChargersFan4Life001::gn
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Peace.
koke35997_::Later
GaspoMinnyFan981::later
BABY IGGY..GIVE MELO THE ROCK OR TWINKIE.YOUR CHOICE::gn
dwyanewadeblockedyourfavoriteplayer3.0::The lakers board is infected with trolls lol
I SCRAMBLE MY EGGS IN HARLEM---::I'm out A-holes.  And don't forget to vote Carmelo for MVP.
FlyGuys623::Most valuable pig?
ncjcrsu::That's a weird way to spell LeBron.
koke35997_::Later thug life, stay safe
Thanks ESPN....again::Dogs is mad LOL
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::A win is a win but the way the Lakers played tonight doesn't spell playoff success.
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Kobe shooting that many times won't work against the better teams.
major red::Jennings would be nice but he just wants a raise from GB, I want Keenan Allen out of Cali.
koke35997_::How about Dwayne Bowe?
major red::possible, he's from miami.
BABY IGGY..GIVE MELO THE ROCK OR TWINKIE.YOUR CHOICE::Hey lilliard, they compared you to Isaiah Thomas on nba tv
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::kobe shot  39% this game :) But he did have 10 rebounds.... 5 assist and he out scored golden state in OT :)
jkeebz::he also took more shots than golden state
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Who had the better game? Wade or Kobe?
dwyanewadeblockedyourfavoriteplayer3.0::DWYYAAAANNNNEEEE WAAAAADEEEEE!!!
.United We Run.::Beza is a b*tch
BABY IGGY..GIVE MELO THE ROCK OR TWINKIE.YOUR CHOICE::Bears just need to improve the o-line to win the SB, dolphins need a lot more
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Not really. Just upgraded secondary and a #1 receiver who they can count on in the red zone.
koke35997_::Bears need a QB
BABY IGGY..GIVE MELO THE ROCK OR TWINKIE.YOUR CHOICE::cutler is great and a top 5 qb with a good o-line
GaspoMinnyFan981::rams&gt;&gt;
major red::Dolphins have a very bright future. tons of cap space and draft picks.better not f up doe ireland.
koke35997_::Greg Jennings?
rafroch10::We always f up when it comes to rebuilding
FlyGuys623::Gaspo, at least the chiefs kno how to tank. Eagles are probably gonna win their next 2 games somehow and get a $@%! draft pick
GaspoMinnyFan981::haha yeah your right
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Detroit will excuse Kobe for everything and criticize Wade for everything.  Bottom line if Wade shoots 41 shots in a game and only makes 16 of them you'd be trashing him.
So Easy a Kaman Can Do It.::So no one is talking trash on kobe on the laker board right now?
koke35997_::Preorder your Dolphins 2014 Super Bowl Champs gear at MiamiDolphins2014Champs.com
GaspoMinnyFan981::*rams
BABY IGGY..GIVE MELO THE ROCK OR TWINKIE.YOUR CHOICE::*Bears
