Kev2877::As a wiz fan I'm rooting for agent zero, keep it up man
yalcos4::Its pretty obvious the mavs are playing for next year. Which sucks if your a fan. But, next years real season(82 games) will make it all worth it.
jared575757::Unless their plans don't work out this year and cant sign the people they were hoping
jg181837::Lionel hollins could take a division 2 college team to the playoffs should be coach of the year
jg181837::Grit and grind claims another get scared western conference
OOHnirav::I'm a Mavs fan, but Memphis played a better game tonight (mostly first quarter). Congrats on the win, Memphis fans. :)
Hogphan919::I must confess I'm shocked at Arenas'  performance...he was supposed to do this in Orlando, Otis Smith was his mentor, blah, blah, blah...but I really think he could not overcome the team dynamic ( or lack thereof)  of the Magic.  Whatever it is, he certainly seems to enjoy being on this Grizzlies team...maybe because it is a real team.  Once again, the Grizzlies are the hottest team at the end of the season. Maybe this year, with Gay back, they can take it all the way. GO GRIZZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
soonerguy80::Spurs unfortantly will take 1st in the west (considering their easy schedule) and b4 u Spurs fans say anything look at their schedule only a few times this season did they have to play tough opponents twice in a row unlike OKC who has played several top teams in a row just look at OKCs schedule the last few weeks they played Miami,Portland,LAL,Chicago,Memphis and Miami again that's 6 tough teams in a 10 day stretch the Spurs toughest parts were Dallas,Denver and OKC and 2 of those were at home and the other stretch was Portland,Denver and Chicago with 2 of those as losses.Another stretch for OKC was Dallas,Memphis,SA and Portland with only 1 of those as a loss .So like I said the Spurs have enjoyed a easy schedule even the Lakers Dallas and Memphis have had a tougher schedule where they've had to play 4-5 tough teams in a stretch=San Antonio what a joke....we rooting 4 u Grizz 2 knock out the Spurs
210-beast::Yeah winning 5 games in 6 nights and having 2 back-back-backs really shows how soft our schedule is. The Spurs can smell the fear in OKC
yalcos4::*played 10
yalcos4::Toughest schedule goes to the mavericks.not sure if the nba was trying to stick it to the champs or what. At one point they play 10 playoff teams in a row.
Navi8686::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWVtT8SsD98
Dominic10002::I'm a little late but Good Job Grizz!!!
balltillifall_88::wow, this board was dead tonight. but anyway, ill be back when we play fake griffin and flop angeles on monday haha. lets just hope griffin doesnt get a slight forearm by mayo and jump up sideways into marc gasol again.
yeahgodisgood::I found a betting system recently called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it.Thought I would post this for anyone that is looking for a betting system that actually works
ComixJoint::GO AWAY TROLL SCUM.
gasol1883::Tell you guys something here, the Griz have a legit bench now. Gilbert and Mayo are draining threes and with a combo of Cunnignham, Speights,Gasol, and Randolph the Griz have one of the best big man rotations in the league. The West needs to look out.
Mr Calogero::Grizzlies are my teaaaaaaaaaaaaam.
MavsNation92::So many people here talking sh.it like Mavs are the worst defending champ ever with a 31-26 record and currently 7th place in the West  The 2007 Miami Heat is the worst Defending Champ ever and they finished with a 15-67 record LMAO
phatboiphresh::yea that was their record 2 years after. They did get swept after their championship year. As a Mavs fan I don't see them doing that great in the playoffs. Maybe second round but in all honesty a 7 game 1st round exit.
SystematicLondonMiami::you guys are $@%!$@%!. That was heats record 2 years after they won the championship.
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::ahahahahahahahahahahahah thanks for the idea. Now i will make fun of the heat
MavsNation92::ok
balltillifall_88::lmao ^
rolltideroll2010::Because they are 1 game from being out of the playoffs. The heat lost Shaq that year so nobody thought they were going to do anything. But the Mavericks were suppose to do good.
mspearlmay::They bulked up with Odom...tee hee!
ken b good::Lost them? All in Cuban's plan to land D. Howard &amp; D. Williams. Cuban's an idiot along with D. Nelson
MavsNation92::Mavs lost Tyson Chandler, Caron Butler, Deshawn Stevenson, JJ Barea, and Peja Stojakovic. How in the world do you expect them to do better?
rolltideroll2010::Grizz have played 5 games in 6 nights. Beat the thunder, heat, and mavs. But they still don't get no respect from ESPN.
mrzonacat::They got a little respect today on ESPN. Ironically, from Michael Wilbon at the half of the Bulls/Knicks game. He had Memphis in his top 5 (bumping the Lakers) this went against what Magic and the others pundits had.
Griss13ears::I seriously hope ESPN and the NBA continue to give the grizz no respect. We play better with a chip on our shoulder.
210-beast::Welcome to our world   Sincerely, San Antonio
david.smith811::what do you thin "grit and grind" means or why they play better when somebody important is injured? they welcome being ignored.
balltillifall_88::well, when we make it to the conference finals this year it will be undeniable :)
TubbyTime334::Mavs Will get in. Dirk is too good not to lead them in.
balltillifall_88::i just looked, and here is the remainder of the schedule for the grizz this year:  vs clippers vs suns @ san antonio vs jazz @ new orleans @ timberwolves vs hornets @ bobcats vs blazers vs cavaliers vs magic  the grizzlies at worse should go 9-2 the rest of the season. which would be losing to the spurs on the road and the clippers at home. but we could win both of those games fairly easily. we could easily win every game from here on out, as long as we beat the teams we are "supposed" to beat. we have a VERY good chance of locking up the 3 or 4 spot for the playoffs.
yalcos4::I think the grizz lose 3 of the next 4
aiyannalane::it would be so nice to get the W @ San Ant
balltillifall_88::actually, im still giddy from last years playoffs and this entire season. lol. i hope the spurs are ready, seein as how they werent ready last year...
oicurak9::You're still giddy from this win.   Keep dreaming.  Spurs will be ready for the Griz visit, and will proceed to deliver you overly-confident memphis fans a methodical beatdown.
balltillifall_88::theres no reason we cant do it. in the past couple of weeks we have beat the lakers, thunder, and heat on the road. 3 of the best home teams in the nba. might as well add san antonio to that list :)
Paddywaggie::If only they got rid of a dead-weight (Odom) before the trade deadline expired and got a better role player, they won't be struggling like this
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Lmmfao blame the team stuggling on a one guy wow. Blame a role player that obviously has person issues. Do know what that guy been through this year. He should of just took the year off to get right. He hasn't been that productive true enough. But to blame LO for all the team woes is pretty sh.itty dude.
aiyannalane::wouldn't get anything worth while.  better off just releasing him.
ComixJoint::The Grizz are only one loss behind the Lakers in the standings. The Lakers have a much tougher schedule down the stretch, too, with six tough games compared to two or three for the Grizz. Memphis could snag the 3rd seed in the playoffs, which means they would face Houston, Denver or Dallas instead of the Clippers or the Lakers in the first round.  Should be a great playoffs. See you in the second round Spurs/Thunder!
titans101012::Houston has played good against us this year. Might be worried about them.  Dallas or Denver we would destroy though.
ComixJoint::I just confirmed how the NBA playoffs work. Only the two division champions with the best records are seeded one and two. The division champion with the third-best record CAN be seeded fourth if another team has a better record. So indeed, the Grizz can still win the third seed in the playoffs WITHOUT winning their division. The rule was changed after the 2005-06 season, when Denver won their division and got the third seed, but only had the seventh-best record in the conference!  And to clarify the rules further, playoff teams are never reseeded in the NBA (like they are in the NHL). If the Grizz are seeded fourth (or fifth) and they win round 1, they will have to face the no. 1 seed (Thunder or Spurs) in the second round. If they are the third seed (or the sixth) and they win, they will face the no. 2 seed (still the Thunder or the Spurs).
Jmac3560::The Grizz can't have the third seed. Division leaders get the 1,2,3 seeds. Grizz would have to pass Spurs in order to be in top 3 in west.
ComixJoint::Not true, Jmac. See my next post.
ComixJoint::I do have to admit that facing any team in the West in the playoffs is gonna be a tough rumble. All the playoff teams in the West will be formidable, compared to facing the Bucks, 76ers or Knicks in the East! But the Grizz have the talent, depth and heart to scare any team in the NBA.
balltillifall_88::the grizz have a VERY good chance of at least getting home court in the first round. and as you eluded to, the grizz have already played the toughest part of their schedule. and the way they are playing now, they should pick up alot of wins during the remainder of the season.
rleal13::Houston rockets all day!!!
rolltideroll2010::Analyst said picking up Arenas was stupid. Look who is stupid now.
yahzeef::I agree, it's funny because he used to be an AMAZING scorer, that kind of scoring doesn't just disappear and it shows in his game. He's not the agent zero he used to be, but he can put up points in a hurry.
balltillifall_88::i agree. if you listen to him and listen to some interviews, he seems like a good guy. he just got a bad wrap. i still dont get why nobody wanted him though. even with his "reputation questions", he has never had a problem with work ethic. if anything he worked out too much lol. the man used to (maybe still does?) work out 3 times a day. he even had work outs at like 12 at night. he has said he likes to work out while everybody else is sleeping lol.
ComixJoint::The amazing thing is that Arenas just turned 30 years old. Plenty of life left in those wheels. I hope he's found a home in Memphis!
ic0n2900::one bad season in orlando where he didn't get much playing time and he was written off. ...the gun incident still weighs in on everyones mind though.
ic0n2900::everyone was like, "why are the lakers sending odom to the mavs pretty much nothing." it was to sabotage the competition. if you't make a move to get better make your opponent worse. genius
yalcos4::He needs to get that $@%!$ out of his ars.
balltillifall_88::odom wouldnt be playing like this with the lakers...
balltillifall_88::lol true
ic0n2900::only joking. i think he's dealing with personal problems. he needs some zoloft or something.
balltillifall_88::cookin chicken and shrimp
balltillifall_88::if we keep shooting the 3 ball like we have these past 3 games, i dont see us getting beat very easily in the playoffs, if we get beat at all (a series, not a game). our ONLY weakness was that we were inconsistent shooting from 3. even though we have some very capable 3 point shooters. but hibachi has seemed to fix that for us.
oicurak9::Inconsistent 3s is how the spurs lost to the griz in last year's playoffs.  It happens without all your weapons.  Don't hang your hopes on the 3 along----or you'll we out quick.
balltillifall_88::we have won games all year long with making just 1 or 3 threes. its just that the 3 point shooting just absolutely puts us over the top. but we can win without it.
balltillifall_88::great win for the grizz once again tonight. we are really hitting our stride at the right time. 2 games in a row against good teams without tony allen is impressive. he doesnt do alot of stuff stat wise, but he is sooo important for us. but the wins arent suprising, we seem to play BETTER when we are shorthanded. i really like what i have been seein from z-bo these last couple of games. hes not shooting a great percentage, but i like the fact that he is being active and putting up a decent amount of shots. the extra shot attempts make it seem like he is feeling comfortable out there again.   and PS. hibachi anyone? gilbert has been playing GREAT. he has been playing good defense too. i dont understand why the lakers didnt take a chance on this guy. gilbert backing up kobe and taking some of blakes minutes would have worked out real good for them. they have to be kicking themselves.
RollThunder35::Looks like Grizz are gonna punch someone in the mouth again in the Playoffs.  After going 3-1 this year with bothe the Grizz and the Mavs, i would like to see OKC in the Playoffs against both.  GG Grizz, yalls tough!!!
Oneofthosefatguysthatfatguy::You go from Hero to zero in less than a year, that pretty pathetic Dallas.
Oneofthosefatguysthatfatguy::I meant going from NBA Champion to holding onto making the playoff by a thread is pathetic.
balltillifall_88::lol yea thats true
balltillifall_88::even though dallas has obviously struggled this season, a loss in memphis against the grizz is nothing to be ashamed of :)
texaspride4932::With Dallas on the verge of going from World Champions to maybe not even making the playoffs--I wonder if Mark Cuban still thinks that letting Tyson Chandler,Caron,Butler,and J.J. Barea  go  was a decision that would not hurt them?
balltillifall_88::i know chandler was huge for them last year, but their defense has still been good this year. i honestly think barea was the most important person that they lost... he was a great compliment to kidd's game and he was unstoppable in the playoffs.
J-SMOOVE2048::AND STEVENSON
QBridge96::Dallas, where soft happens. LOL, these choke-artists won't even make the Playoffs this year.
nu life::Awesome effort once again from my g dogs.  Dallas made it a little too close for comfort, but I'll take it.  Good game Dallas.
rafroch7::lmao
royboy1978::I've seen a couple of white guys with corn rows before.  Most of them look like fools, but a few looked ok with them.
DaftShadow::Guess Arenas proved me wrong with my recent comment about him. Memphis signing him is paying dividends. Lakers and those other teams who could've signed him lost out on a player who can still contribute.
griffin550::As a Mavs fan, if we don't make it far in the playoffs, I'm cheering for the Grizz. You fans for the most part seem nicer than anyone else in the western conference. Good luck and please beat the Spurs again ;)
oicurak9::yep--if the Mavs can't get it done, maybe someone else.  Only problem is the Griz are 0-3 vs spurs this season, and the element of "surprise" has been blown.  Spurs will be ready for the Griz, while the Mavs watch the playoffs on TNT from their homes.  Stick-em Spurs!
taurus1984::thanks griffin!!!
nonogomz::I was woundern if Memphis playing in the Eastern Conference  , how they would be !
emthomasjr::Grizzlies 20-20 vs the West this year, 12-3 vs the East.  Not really a predictive stat because obviously the East teams don't scout the Grizzlies as well, but not exactly coincidental either.
tigersfangoldandblue::True. But Grizzlies fans often wonder that considering the fact that we are closer to the East teams than the West teams. However, I enjoy the West, more of a challenge. And right now the Grizzlies are passing.
gotemcoach92::Pretty much all western conference teams would have a better record...
oicurak9::Except the Spurs.  Spurs own the series with the Griz:  3-0.  And when we meet in the 2nd round, we'll have a score to settle.  But that's later.  You have a trip to San Antonio coming up first.  One more beat-down for you.
rafroch7::Marion was complaining about why teams don't respect the Mavs.  This is why they don't respect them Shawn.  You're the defending champs and you're holding on to the 8th seed.
balltillifall_88::im a grizzlies fan. but to be fair, dirk was nowhere near in shape at the beginning of the year. they would have a better record if he was in shape then.
scrapnice::Same outcome dude.....remember Grizz won the season series last year also.
griffin550::If we had the same team as we did when we won the championship it would be a very different case. We lost so many pieces that made us win it all last year. Idk what people were expecting from them this year but I wasn't expecting them to be the #1 team. Next year will be a different story though, this is just a throwaway season
BnaBreaker::GO GRIZZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Get the hell outta the way Western Conference!
royboy1978::Like I said in my very first post on this thread, NOT IN OUR HOUSE!!!!!!!!!
emthomasjr::It's nice when a "let down" results in a win in which the only loss is 15 points off of a 20 point lead.
scrapnice::I'm thinking we can get to the 3 seed but i think that we want the spurs in the second round and the thunder in the wcf.
oicurak9::You are getting way ahead of yourself, partner!  Tap the brakes a bit---delusions of grandeur for sure.
tigersfangoldandblue::Yeah, after an emotional win last night I would have been worried about this game if it was in Dallas, but it is tough to win in Memphis, which is why I really hope we can keep up this strong play and make a run for the No. 4 seed. I'm just happy to be in the playoffs as of now, but it isn't totally out of the question since the schedules eases up down the stretch.
GBeck001::Mavs look tired and ready to call it quits.  They been exerting a lot of energy into these last losses.  Ain't much left in the tank.  2 or 3 more losses and the "fat lady" will be warming up her cords.
gotemcoach92::Anybody know why the standings are Dallas in the 8th spot? What's the tiebreaker?
taurus1984::where is the sarcasm u dumb a_ss????? its called a typo....YOU SHOULD LEARN HOW TO READ THINGS before u respond. i was simply trying to answer ur question....im sorry if i hurt ur feelings...get em off ur shoulder
taurus1984::well they are in 8th by percentage points....i do belive the temas in front own the tiebreaker so u guys must finish with the better record to jump them
gotemcoach92::well my bad I just heard they were tied from a friend and didn't know the exact records. No need for the sarcasm, and learn how to spell
rafroch7::<b>  Mavs = Worst defending champion in NBA history</b>
emthomasjr::Nah....check the outcome of the Heat's season after they won the championship.  Did they even make the playoffs?
taurus1984::well it wasnt me...dont know y that happened and thx!
taurus1984::hey bradford!!!!! wats up ....good game tonite
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::I said good game earlier and the comment got removed.  Happened 4 times  I gave up
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::<b> YOU = THINKING BOLD IS COOL <b></b></b>
basket_guru::i didn't understand Rick's decision keeping good looking tonight VC on the bench last 5 minutes.
natskivna::Teams that win in the playoffs generally have 2 strengths.  Defense and good post play.  Memphis has both.  They are a serious threat to AT LEAST make the WCF in my humble opinion.
tigersfangoldandblue::I think the Grizzlies equally want to avoid the Spurs. I imagine yall are pissed after last year.
Mr.BrianPeppers::They are looking good. One of the teams I hope the Spurs can avoid, lol.
natskivna::Understandably.  :)
rolltideroll2010::Zbo is starting to dominate the paint again. This team is going to be hard to beat with the good bench they have.
Kee0130::I love my Grizzlies! Go Grizz Go! Grit N Grind baby!!!
thememdude::Last years Champions and Eastern Conference Champions in back to back games:    GRIZZ Wire to wire both games!    GRIT AND GRIND!
thememdude::Its a horse racing term meaning they lead all the way...which is really impressive!
Rimfro::They lead from start to finish in their last two! That doesn't happen often.
dancedance65::I think he meant that they lead both games from start to finish.
akm1717::The Heat game was a blowout not wire to wire. It was never close after 2 minutes.
Eg214::Horrible GAME For The Mavs I CANT Remember them playn this bad i dont see a sence of urgency they play like they are in the 1st seed makes me worry!
taurus1984::the defense had alot to do with it
BnaBreaker::The Lakers, Thunder, Heat, Mavericks etc. etc. etc. don't just miraculously and randomly happen to play poor games against the Grizz.  The Grizzlies SHUT TEAMS DOWN.
balltillifall_88::props to BnaBreaker - couldnt have said it better myself.
Rimfro::If it wasn't their defense, it was their vastly superior talent!
Eg214::LOL THE DEFENCE HAD LIL TO DO WITH IT
akm1717::The Grizzlies excellent defense will do that to a team.
GrizzlyTitanFan::Proud of the Grizz for the grit and grind again. Great game Mavs fans. Wish my fellow Grizz fans would lighten up on all the Grizz praise though. I'm as big of a fan as any, but we haven't won anything yet. Until we do, lets leave the outrageous claims alone. At least for now.
emthomasjr::Yep.  I agree.  We just won a game that we were supposed to win tonight.  Last night we stole one.  The playoffs is where real legacy is made and we still have to get there, even though it's looking pretty good right now.
Rimfro::The Grizzlies are playing championship level basketball, while fighting for the playoffs, against the cream of the NBA crop. It is, what it is. If you don't see the potential there, you should root for another team. The Grizzlies haven't gotten love from Mavs, Lakers, Heat, Thunder, Spurs fans until we started beating them. The Grizzlies are the most complete team in the league, and unless they decide to not play to their abilities, they are a championship contender. I will not chill. The Grizz are coming for your team! Hide your children, hid yo' wife!
lugeneparker::LOL!
joyhussain::This comment is like breath of fresh air in a cesspool known as the espn comment board. As a Mavs fan I will say Grizz have a lot of potential to make noise in this years playoffs. Would much rather have them win than the spurs or lakers
akm1717::or the Heat. I was so glad when the Mavs beat them. Wish it could Memphis though.
westbrookownsLA0::like this if you think i should starting spamming until  a. i get my profile banned  or  b. make you all scum bags leave.
westbrookownsLA0::like this if you think i should starting spamming until  a. i get my profile banned  or  b. make you all scum bags leave.
