speakmemory::Oh Kings fans - Lakers fan here - You were so joyous in your opening game victory against us, jumping up and down like you just won the championship or avenging 2002's game 7 - What happened?  101-79?  Is your team as good as the Lakers game or as bad as the Blazers game?
jaylee883::where are all the kings fans talking that noise now! thats why you dont celebrate one victory
PortlandBlazers1004::Top Power Forwards: Dirk, Pau, Amare, Aldridge, Love.  Griffin needs to get more versatile, work on his mid-range game, and become a better defender than he can crack the top....
n8n8n888::Good luck to Jimmer.  I'm excited to see how he does.  So far, I like what I'm seeing.  I would like to see him shoot it more, but that should come in time.
seattlemarinersnumber1::Blazers wake up in the second half and think, "Sorry, my bad. It's just the Kings..."
tbest23::Back to reality for Sack...
EastSacTay::Does Paul Westphal run a f-ing offense?  All I saw was Iso one on one plays, it's pathetic.
seattlemarinersnumber1::could be worse. could be detroit. it's going to get really cold living in the cellar for the nut sack kings.
dradam69::Comparing Jimmer to Adam Morrison is a joke. Unlike Morrison, Jimmer actually has some balls and play with a lot of heart. Depsite his size in height, he does have an NBA type of frame. He's a strong kid and he has a will to win. If anybody on that team is filling the seats, it's Jimmer, it's not Tyreke or anybody else.
why_h8_::Agree.honest question, why are white players only compared to other white players? Some of these comparisons are funny.
speakmemory::It's a natural thing for some to do.  I don't agree with it, personally.  All players are individuals, each has his own path - Black man here -
flash61281::Kings need a coaching change bad.  I don't care if it's two games in, it's obvious.  I see better organized teams at the YMCA
CrashFansite::http://www.wix.com/3crash/crash  The official fan site of Gerald Wallace.
EmergingInThought::http://www.whatthehellbook.com/the-book/
Game....Blouses::It's great not seeing Rudy in Portland's backcourt anymore.  I don't know why he was always throwing up the three goggles; he needed to work on his lay up goggles before he could start sporting the three goggles.
pdxrovermech::nicccccce!
EnricoMeli::Don't get too excited about the Blazers ... it is still a jump shooting team. And as Sir Charles says ... You don't win in the play-offs being a jump shooting team. Furthermore, if LaMarcus goes down, this team has no size. We all know that Camby will go down at some point ... And LaMarcus is a jumpshooter ...
Farrally::Sir Charles is a moron.... does say much for you if you listen to him
EastSacTay::Felton looked fat and out of shape.
oooiamtylerooo::lol felton is big for his position, but not the good kinda big
wayde1213::we still have size batum, wallace, camby, felton are all big for there positions
cdub46::no this is a inside scoring team. they had 52 points in the paint tonight. you should check your facts.
kelleland7::gtfo
kelleland7::LaMarcus is a top 3 power forward behind Amare and Pau...dont see anyone else really challenging him
will-i_am::dirk, kevin love, blake. but yeah, LA is a beast.
sportsforlife234::I see it way differently. He is the second best behind Dirk in my opinion.
Kobelies247::GRIFFIN!!!!
Kobelies247::I thought about that after i posted it hhahahaha :) my bad
Kobelies247::...
kelleland7::hes a SF
Kobelies247::Heat , thunder or bulls would annihilate this team i think....
BlazerSully::Nobody takes somone serioulsy when they create a profile to just troll less than a month ago.
wayde1213::the blazers would make a game out of it against those 3. those 3 might win a 7 game series but the blazers would not get swept. the blazers are better then last year and we took the mavs the champs 6 games how did the heat thunder do?
Kobelies247::Blazers always good look agaisnt really bad teams! Kinda like the ducks.... ITS MEANINGLESS!!!
wayde1213::76ers are not a bad team i bet the 76ers would be a 6-8 seed in the west. and the duck beat the cards a top 5 team.
wayde1213::we beat the 76ers and kings, the same kings that beat the lakers game 1 on the road. i dont think the kings are as bad as years past and the 76ers are very talented. so both of the blazers wins are not top 5 wins but are not bottom 5 either.. kings should win 25 or so games and 6ers 35+
gbpackers5094::im confused.
AdvancedGentleman::Every time I watch Gerald Wallace play I think to myself, he was a King and I wish he had stayed in Sacramento... He is so fun to watch and a solid player.
CrashFansite::http://www.wix.com/3crash/crash
chadwi12::i dont worry about fredette shutting $@%! up..... he has done it his entire career... and they cant stand it... it tears their assses up...... hate on haters .... or brothas... tomato tomata
NiteOwlMom::Fredette had the best +/- of any of the Kings players last night. He should be starting!
b_boy_stylez::I didn't really see Fredette giving up a ton of points. Sure, he forgot to get back one or two times, but the rest of the Kings did the same and worse. Until he's the only guy getting scored on and losing his defensive assignment the Kings need him in the game.
BlazerSully::I dont hate on Jimmers.  I actually hope he succeeds.  I just dont think he'll ever have the athleticism in the NBA to score more than he allows.  Again, not hating just stating the obvious.  I think he has the possibility to be a killer sharp shooter off the bench.
FranciscoKern::Athleticism isn't his problem - size is his problem.  Still there is ALWAYS a role for shooters and he'll have a long career as a role player who can score in bunches.
VT.Engineer::Greg Oden shattered his knee cap December 9th using a urinal.  Great talent you got over there LOL! :)
woofers02::Grow up. Greg Oden jokes are about as clever as "yo momma" jokes. Hate on hater.
BlazerSully::Really d1ckwad?  Get a f'in life.
chadwi12::hey kdizzle, i dont think me backing the consensus national player of the year should qualify me as being a bandwagon jumper for a media darling.... i love the way that fredette plays, and have watched religously  him since he lit up arizona as sophmore for 49.... i live in NC and flew to vegas to watch him pump in 52 against NM state.. so dont play me for buying into hype... fredette is gettiing froze out by  a bunch of selfish petrified babies.. just play the game the right way..... thats it... and the +- means a great deal... especially when he played heavy min and his is no where near where the two starting guards reside
chadwi12::let me help u out......  ur a hate filled racist... i can feel it... its ok, those baboons in sac town are quickly putting me right along side u....
flopsisback::Wow...a racist bandwagoner who knows how to type, and is willing to help others. Color me impressed
chadwi12::did u know that u can actually click that little word that says more and read the conclusion of my comment.. simple simon
chadwi12::theres no irony when i say myself in the same post im right along side him... moron
chadwi12::evans is ffffffn horrendous..... no iq... see i think u r crazy.....thorton is a black hole who can score, but  but nothing else... fredette is trying to be cool about fitting in..... he needs to say f it just like the ghetto street balllers and let the chips fall where they may... and i think its kind of silly for u to to start yapping about a consensus player of the year number 10 draft pick (which means nba caliber talent scouts consider him top notch as well)being terrible.. so far in four nba style games  he has gone for 21 12 6 10.... off the bench....... ur a hate filled racist... i can feel it... its ok, those baboons in sac town are quickly putting me right along side u.... ima gets mines .... aint that how the old ebonics saying goes
flopsisback::Are you really calling someone else a racist? Oh the irony...
chadwi12::i think he is right on schedule..... except for the pathetic scrub squad he has to play for ..... ten aint exactly pack it up and go home material in ur sec pro game..... might want to be a little easy.....
kdoggizzle::I not a fan of him cuz he's overhyped and he sucks. And for you to think he's better than Thorton or Evans is just crazy talk.
Marcumm::btw liking your own comments doesn't count
Marcumm::kdog from all your posts I can see that you are just a blind hater! I can't take anything you say seriously cuz of your biased hate towards jimmer
Duck_In_Medford::I don't dislike him because he is white/ or mormon/ or byu alum because i'm currently two of those... I just dont think he has what it takes to be a star in this league as shown in the comment below
FranciscoKern::95% of the guys in the league don't have what it takes to be "stars".  And by "star" we need to define that as a guy who can take over a game.  Because there are also "stars" who attract fans - guys people want to see play - and Jimmer is definitely that.
kdoggizzle::It's college buddy. Adam Morrison lit people up in college too. Now where is he? lol
BlazerSully::Haha, flos is also a charger fan.  Funny how he's talking about polishing rings when his chargers will never polish a ring in his lifetime.  No wonder he changed his name from "flopinSD"
flopsisback::Polishing 1 more ring than the entire Portland franchise...
Marcumm::jimmer scores ten in his second season game and he sucks? Wow you people amaze me! Get a life!
Duck_In_Medford::Jimmer = JJ Reddick/Kyle Korver/Jason Kapono...... must I go on?
b_boy_stylez::I've never seen any of those dudes you're comparing run the point and facilitate the offense, much less penetrate the key with quickness (ever). Fredette is the best looking point guard the Kings have got right now, and apparently the only one trying to facilitate the offense. Granted, that's not saying much since the only other point they've got is the 5'9" Thomas who seems to only be interested in driving into the trees and getting his shot thrown into the stands.
FranciscoKern::You're from Medford = redneck on a horsie.  Fair enough?
will-i_am::FACT: Jimmer won't be an all star FACT: Jimmer could be a solid 6th man on a contender. Eventually. Thaaats all
JacobyJ4::First of all the reason all of these arguments exist is because Jimmer is a polarizing figure that no one can figure out... secondly he is not any of those guys you just hammered off... JJ Reddick cant handle like Jimmer, Korver and Kapono are set shooters... Jimmer is not... He can set shoot but he is a creator... he is playing in an offense that so sloppy it is downright ugly... One ball handler should bring the ball up the court... and it should be Jimmer... I am sorry but Reke decided to stop passing after his rookie season and Marcus Thornton is a good scorer but needs to be reigned in.. this is the NBA unless you are an elite scorer learn to pass... honestly watch him... as soon as he has the ball only thing he is gonna do is shoot. For everyone talking crap on Jimmers play tonight... Might I suggest talk about reke's 4 points or Marcus thorntons straight up unwillingness to pass... The Kings were -1 with Jimmer on the floor... thats better than ANYONE ON HIS TEAM check the stats they don't lie...
chadwi12::i like how u like all ur own comments..... fffffn bum......
chadwi12::keep talking.... even the announcers were saying that those were stupid comparisions.... portlands announcers..... either a hater or a brother... either way no clue what u r talking about
Marcumm::duck don't pretend you ever thought jimmer was a good player.you have been a hater since day one. Anyone who writes off a player after four decent showings obviously has bias against that player!
Duck_In_Medford::You need to grow a pair and realize Jimmer isn't going to be a star in this league or make an all-star team. Also i would jump off the Jimmer bandwagon before it's too late. He was a great college player though... ofcourse adam morrison was too
kdoggizzle::Thank you, but it seems some fans wanna worship him and think people hate him cuz he white. I don't hate Dirk or Nash. In fact, I wouldn't mind having Nash on the Blazers right now even with his age. At least he makes teams better.
Marcumm::kdog=jimmer hater!
flopsisback::Not knowing what defense is makes your team better? They win DESPITE him giving up on defense anything he gets on offense.
127decibels::I'm feeling pretty good about this win and humble too. Most peole don't even know that it was ME who told McMillan how to win this game. He shared my ideas with the team and BOOOOOOOMMMMMM!!!!!  I explained to McMillan that I've noticed a trend. It seems that whenever one team scores more points than the other team does, they usually win. I suggested that they try to SCORE MORE than the other team. He agreed and offered to put me on staff, but unfortunately, I can't quit my day job.
kdoggizzle::I honestly thought Portland was gonna struggle with out Andre Miller, but what I'm learning is the intangibles that Andre Miller can't do are what Raymond Felton can. But they both seem to have that veteran grittiness that help their teams win.
127decibels::Getting rid of Rudy was HUGE.  Felton is a big upgrade from Miller, imo. In fact, it's not even close defensively.
wayde1213::i think adding crawford and getting rid of rudy was a huge plus, swapping felton for andre was a wash. felton can play uptempo as we saw with the knicks and denver. andre could not do that.
cowpoke85::I saw Felton make a lot of the mistakes that Miller doesn't, but his athleticism and outside shooting change the game a lot. It was a good trade and Felton is still improving...
127decibels::I haven't seen too many players with the size (width) of Felton who can move as fast as he can. Pretty impressive.
FormulaOner::How the hell did Sacramento lose this game? By this margin?
cdub46::like the guy above me said Portland was missing easy shots early on then they got hot near the end of the 2nd and started runing up and down the court and just wore out the kings.
jgess6232::Portland starting making shots and forcing turnovers.  It wasn't a meltdown, more like a heat up by the Blazers.  This team is meant to run, and can play lock down defense.  Underrated may be a understatement.
FormulaOner::They were up throughout the early part of the contest. Was this a colossal meltdown?
127decibels::I seriously hope to be hearing a lot more of that in the coming weeks...by fans of various Portland opponents.
Duck_In_Medford::Portland is Underated
EmergingInThought::Blazers have a nice team, could be a good year...  http://www.whatthehellbook.com/the-book/
wasted_101::AND FELTON IS ALOT BETTER THEN ANDRE MILLER
cdub46::Felton and miller are about equal as individuals but Felton lets us keep a fast paced attack going which is a huge improvement since we have the personnel for that type of team.
marcuserenberger::*Than. Go Blazers!
cowpoke85::Miller is a lot smarter player, but Felton adds the fast break and spreads the court with his shooting ability. I liked Miller, but I also like what Felton brings to the table.
127decibels::They're different players. Miller would never make some of the boneheaded plays Felton makes but Felton creates in ways Miller could only dream of. Feltons also a much better defender.
Duck_In_Medford::Felton can shoot, and get up and down the floor faster than miller, also make plays for others
wasted_101::JEEZ THE BLAZERS ARE GOOD. GERALD WALLAVE IS VERY UNDERATED.
CrashFansite::http://www.wix.com/3crash/crash gerald wallace official fan site
Jthizz69::just saying its a little late to call him underrated, he was underrated until he became Charlotte's first all-star pick.
127decibels::I'm absolutely comfortable with the athleticism I saw him display tonight.
Jthizz69::http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/w/wallage01.html actually shot his career best from 3 a few years ago with charlotte. all his career highs with them actually.
cowpoke85::Wallace is smarter though and his offensive game has actually added diversity...
Jthizz69::He was much better a few years ago with Charlotte and will never be as good again, unfortunately you don't regain athleticism with age. He had a year in which he average 2.5 steals and 2.1 blocks per game - yes in the same season. Also added tons of boards. his shooting is something that can indeed improve at least
BlazerSully::I think you're wrong, time will tell.
cowpoke85::I think Wallace and Aldridge will get a lot more recognition this year and we might even be able to send two to the All Star game...
127decibels::He was good last year but he's gonna crush it this year. He's 100% better in the open court.
saintsaretnttheaints::the denver game will be proving ground. we win that and this is definetly the team to watch out for in the west. i dont think the lakers are quite what they use to be. i think we might be seeing the fall a dynasty. thank god
woofers02::There's no "might" about it, we ARE seeing it.
kdoggizzle::Jimmer Fredette= Basketball version of Tim Tebow
kdoggizzle::It's probably cuz he's too slow to guard the likes of Raymond Felton or Jamal Crawford.
chadwi12::exposed is a quite a strong word..... anyone stuck in a 9 inch mismatch is going to struggle..... its called being set up i think, not so much exposed..... when he was guarding guards in the first half, he held his own quite nicely
chadwi12::dude its beeen two games into the nba season..... tebow wasnt taking the broncos to wins when he was getting a handful of snaps a game was he.... same point im making... he had to get his shot.....  u havent seen a tenth of what fredette can do..... if u dont think fredette has winner in his blood, i direct u to byu being ranked number tehree in the country last year....
Duck_In_Medford::All Jimmer will be in the nba is what J.J Reddick is for the Magic. They were nearly identical college players.... and guess what buddy, every play whos in the nba was good in college... its no big deal
127decibels::Fredette's defensive liabililties were exposed tonight but it was more of a coaching blunder than anything else. He cannot guard 6-8 or 6-9 small forwards. What WERE the Kings thinking on that? I guess at least they know now.  But we're probably going to see him get more comfortable - and then watch out. He will score points.
chadwi12::u cant do a damn thing if u r playing with a bunch of selfish baboons that are intentionally freezing u out..... that being said he still went for 10 and got most of his attempts right by himself.....
chadwi12::i dont know if that was an insult or not... what i do know is that fredettes +.- when he was on the florr was -1 thorton and evans were -13 and -15... jimmers a winner... those thugs are not
kdoggizzle::Um didn't Thorton drop 27 points on the Lakers last night? Fredette can't guard anybody. He's too slow to guard the fast players and he's to small to guard anybody else. But from the sound of it, a winner to you is a white player with a heart. If that's the case, go root for a real winner like Dirk Nowitzki, not overhyped media darlings like Jimmer Fredette.
Duck_In_Medford::the plus/minus stat is overated, Tebow is about to take a team headed to loserville back to the playoffs
kdoggizzle::I'm just saying this cuz a lot of fans overhype Fredette just like they do Tebow. But I agree, at least Tebow wins.
Duck_In_Medford::Completely disagree. Tebows wins and also plays well in the fourth
wayde1213::fredette from what i have seen in 3 games seems to have better numbers then an equivalent rookie qb would have or expected to have
Duck_In_Medford::By the way has anybody else checked out the Oregon Ducks Rose Bowl Uniforms? Google search everyone... Go Ducks!
Duck_In_Medford::I like everything about them except for the wings on the helmet... too much. I'll be at the game hopefully Oregon can win this time
wayde1213::love the dark vader look
_Merry Chris Paul to all and to all a good Dwight_::Blazers &gt; Lakers
Tstence13::watch out for the timber wolves, i think they have the scorers to put up points and if rubio starts getting more minutes idk  he can feed there play makers really well.
cowpoke85::If Lakers don't make a big acquisition before season's end, I think they are playoff pretenders...
wayde1213::very true but who out west is going to unseed them, if this was last year i might agree but the last 2 seeds are up in the air
cowpoke85::Portland definitely has a ways to go chemistry wise, with some of the new guys getting acclimated, but when they were clicking it was very impressive. Blazers have beat a couple mediocre teams early, but with some tuning up I think they can compete with the best in the West. I'm pretty excited about this year, go Blazers!
CrashFansite::http://www.wix.com/3crash/crash  Please check it out..its the official fan site of Gerald Wallace.
cowpoke85::East is not deep though... Blazers are going to get better and better as the season goes on and by the end they have potential to make an impact in the West.
Tstence13::from the east means nothing unless your chicago miami boston(which is on the down turn) and new york after that the east does not even so much as make me think twice lol
wayde1213::76ers are a top 6 team in the east
Duck_In_Medford::I wonder if the Blazers will get brought up in a conversation nationally??? Haven't so far... All of the news has been about Roy (who we will miss) and Odens injury. I'm not sure why teams like Denver or Memphis were picked to do better than us. C'mon Rip City
Jthizz69::okay now you are getting way over your head. Mavs, Spurs, Grizzlies, Clippers, Lakers (when Bynum is healthy) all are clearly better teams (roster-wise), and I'm sure the Nuggets won''t be significantly worse and could be better. don't lose your credibility and get too excited after beating mediocre teams!
wayde1213::in a short season teams with deeper benches will do better that takes the lakers out of the picture.
wayde1213::roy missed as a person as a player but i think the blazers are better without him, matthews is not a bad step down and it make Aldridge better
Jthizz69::I follow you guys a ton (well I follow all teams/players), and I like how Wallace has defied the analysts' odds and has done work these first 2 games in the halfcourt tempo offense. you guys have a very deep team in general and should squeeze into the playoffs.
wayde1213::who is going to be better then us at 5-6 the lakers? mavs? i mean outside of the top 6 teams griz, spurs, okc, denver, portland, and clip there is no real other contenders this year lakers look old and mavs look shell shocked
Duck_In_Medford::I dont know about squeeze but we'll be in the playoffs at the fourth seed
Jthizz69::im not gonna kiss too much $@% and say you'll be top 6, you probably won't, but I won't be surprised at all if you hover around the 7th-8th seed all season
127decibels::I hope not. I want them to shock teams for awhile before people realize that this is a very good team. Then again, the Blazers haven't really been tested yet. We'll have a better idea when we play Denver. I think the Nuggets are going to be very good this season.
Duck_In_Medford::They have depth... but i dont really see that "star" guy. thats what is holding them back and ty lawson isnt going to carry the team
samuel_97355::Discuss...  Does Portland have a good enough defense to win more than 40 games? And be a legitimate 1,2,3, or 4 seed?
Jthizz69::you guys played Sac tonight, don't go wild over your defense quite yet. Wallace is a great addition on that end though
kdoggizzle::I say Portland  tries to convince Peja to come out of retirement.
Duck_In_Medford::No doubt
wayde1213::yes they did last year too but there offense got in there way a lot
127decibels::Yeah, they really do. This is the best defense I've seen out of Portland in the past several years. Granted it's early but they are very active on the defensive side.  The offense seems to be very inconsistent...but I'm hoping that's more a result of the lockout and trying to find their touch, etc. Seems like that's the case since their biggest problem right now is very poor 3 point shooting.
socal2092::Well I'm out. GG Blazer fans! Most of you guys are classy, and best of luck to you in the season. If you don't beat the Lakers, I will be upset!
wayde1213::Utah is not as bad as a 29 point deficit to the Lakers are they?
kdoggizzle::Utah's awful. For Christ sakes, Luke Babbit was scoring on them in the preseason.
byucougs187::Not as bad but still pretty bad.
Rip_City27::Good win Blazers, we all knew this was coming except for the homer sacramento fans lmao.. hopefully this game put them back to reality
byucougs187::Thomas and Jimmer both on the floor is a terrible idea.  Best lineup  Fredette Evans Thornton Hayes Cousins  Thompson, Thomas, Hickson, Salmons come off the bench. And maybe Outlaw
127decibels::I couldn't understand what the Kings were doing playing 2 point guards, forcing Jimmer to guard Batum. Batum towers over him by at least 8 inches and is quicker too. I know they wanted to use Thomas and Fredette together, but that was just crazy.
byucougs187::Agree again. To make a not so great defender guard a guy thats 6 8 is impossible haha
127decibels::That said, I think Jimmer is going to be a pretty nice PG in this league, but he's going to have to guard a point guard, not a small forward.
byucougs187::completely agree
kflur03::Thanks Blazers won me some nice money tonight. Could be a scary team this year
wayde1213::my west is  1 OKC 2 Clips 3. blazers 4. spurs 5 denver 6 griz 7  dallas 8 lakers
127decibels::.
127decibels::I wasn't referring to playoff seeding - only to how they finish the season.
wayde1213::you cant have 3 northwest teams in the top 4 as each division has to have 1 in the top 4
127decibels::Well, so far they're undefeated so I'm thinking 66 games is more realistic.
127decibels::So how do you see the West? I've got:  1. OKC 2. LAC 3. Denver 4. Portland 5. Memphis 6. LAL 7. SAS 8. Dallas
wayde1213::lol i wish that would be incredible. but realistically i think closer to 44-48 wins. portland looks like the 2nd 3rd best team in the west right now
wayde1213::very underrated, they will win 44 or so games
samuel_97355::Great PG play by Felton tonight...I have to say I love the fact that we can run and slow the tempo...great game and Chalupas!!
samuel_97355::I see what you did there :)
OregonLou::I still have chalupa's from last year...paid too much for them.
socal2092::Cousins and Jimmer have good chemistry as players. Westphal needs to realize that certain players play better with others, like for instance, Tyreke and JT always seem to be explosive together!
wayde1213::Wallace, Aldridge making a case for best tandem in the west right now
127decibels::Anyone else notice what happens when Wallace and Batum are on the court at the same time? Crazy good defense, running the lanes, fast breaks...I like watching those guys along with Aldridge and Felton.
_Jimmer_Time_::I'm out. GG and GL Blazers, you deserved this win no doubt. Hope the Kings bounce back. gn all, GO KINGS!
127decibels::Best to all you Kings fans out there too...it would really be nice to see you guys make a push.
_Jimmer_Time_::it would
Logicalfan1::110 and 101 points and Mike &amp; Mike still say the offense isn't there yet... Interesting.. Wonder what a "there" offense would look like for Portland?
saintsaretnttheaints::200+ points. and a there defense is a 20 or less points allowed
Jono Lee::I think they were referring to the poor shooting performance from Crawford, Matthews, Batum, and Felton tonight. The great thing is that despite them going cold, Wallace and Aldridge will always be consistent scoring and hustle threats on the floor.
127decibels::They started playing pretty well with something like 5 minutes left in the first half. They were down 12 and went on to win by 22...so a 34 point differential from that point.
wayde1213::more consistent, the first half was pretty bad. i think 101-110 is pretty good but with out all those misses yesterday they could have put up 120+. im fine if we hold opponents to under 90 and score 100+
127decibels::It would be a lot more than 17% from three point range...for starters.
127decibels::Really liking Portland's defense right now. They're getting hands on so many passes and are in the lanes...very active.
eazyt_971::And Portland is 18-5 in Miami all time.
127decibels::That would sure be nice, but it will be interesting to see how Portland fares against teams like Denver.
socal2092::Maybe the Blazers are this years Mavericks. It would be nice to see Miami lose again!
wayde1213::miami is not winning anything with 2 great players and a bunch of has beens
wayde1213::very active youth can help do that
DaleHammers3::well im done now amazing game Portland most you Blazer fans are at least classy, there are always the exceptions however hope your team makes a deep push this year Kings.... fire Westphal soon please
samuel_97355::Appreciate the class Dale...GN from RipCity
_Jimmer_Time_::GN to you, Go Kings!
Filthy Kuffir::Meta World Peace has got to be the dumbest name Artest could have come up with. What a dip$hit.
127decibels::I was kind of thinking of Black Bozo but he wanted meta world.
DaleHammers3::every time i saw his name last night i kept imagining Mentos and wondering if his head would explode if he drank some soda
_Jimmer_Time_::REJECTED BY WORLD PEACE!
mavericksfan4life256::how did crawford only get 6 points? that hurts my fantasy team
wayde1213::bad shooting night
