Bulls greater than all teams::The Bulls are still a better team than the Oklahoma City Thunder because if Derrick Rose played and scored 27 points that he averages against the Oklahoma City Thunder,plus Richard Hamilton putting up 12 a game Bulls would have won.Adding that 39 points to our score means we would have won by 7,final score: Chicago Bulls 117 Oklahoma City Thunder 110 I know Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant would have played the entire game if it was close.
handball96::"Thunder Up" is the worst slogan/rally-call that I have ever seen in my life. The Thunder may be arguably the best team in the league, but they sure as hell have the worst marketing department
Road dog Red::Miami’s Failed Experiment On Sunday afternoon against the Heat, Rajon Rondo had his way with the Miami Heat defense en route to his fifth triple-double of the season. It was hard not to notice him as he did it either. Multiple Celtic possessions featured Rondo galloping into the paint unmolested, a trend that helped a rather pedestrian Boston offense suddenly look invincible despite the absence of Ray Allen.  Most have pointed to Erik Spoelstra’s decision to go over the top of any Rondo pick and rolls as the primary culprit. But in the NBA, it is important to remember two very important keys. First; pick and roll defense is always based off who is involved and in what area of the floor. The second is that on the NBA level, whatever the coverage is, a team is always going to be giving something up.
IsRoseChinese::You have NO SHOT at beating the Heat in the playoffs Mr Celtic! NONE WHATSOEVER! And neither do the Chicago PIGS!
chitwnwest::I dont care who would have played the Thunder yesterday, anytime you shoot and defend that well you will win big everytime
Pinkycuh::I like how PTI didnt even mention the game between the top 2 teams, like it wasn't played. Guess mike wilbon's feelings got to hurt with the outcome of the game, since his precious bulls got beat. Can't stand that dude.
bschwartz918::I'm just glad that I was right in saying that Chicago had NO chance without D-Rose on the road at Chesapeake. THUNDER UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DonRodie3::westbrook = hot goblin
Unsilent Dissenter::LOL.... the eternal OVER-reaction of "fringe" fans to a REGULAR season game......  Sorry for ya', fringefan, but they did NOT hand out the title to OKC and Chicago is NOT eliminated,  and everything else is just opinions, farting and pooping, and generally stinking the place up with their odor.....
hapatino::Just like the HEAT are not "garbage" and "sucks" based on a couple of regular season games.
joshuadhickman03::that argument works on 29 not teams in the nba the heat are excluded idiots dont always hate but when they do they hate good teams
Hank995533::Lets go!  ESPN Partners up w/ FanSaloon.com and will offer FREE to enter $250 Prize Fantasy Basketball Leagues - Pick Your Free Teams Right Now http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
its me the original::i wish that these two teams would play more in the regular season.
sgant22::This game doesn't mean anything? It' s their only meeting this year, if they both wind up with the same record, and both make it to the finals, then OKC gets home court. I would say that counts!
drinkinkoolaid::The teams that lose, they always say that.  the teams that win, they say yea that meant a lot , that gave us playoff positioning etc.
Thetruth694::Good point but in the grand scheme of things it really doesn't mean a whole lot. This gets proven every single season.
WashFlokie::its means a lot, rankings at seasons end? playoff tree positioning? home court advantage in playoffs? yeah those dont matter at all.
Thetruth694::The Thunder are proving to be the best team out there right now. If I was a Thunder fan though, I'd be a little concerned that they might be peaking too soon. Maybe it's just me...
drinkinkoolaid::You want to peak in April.  All teams do.
sgant22::Good concern, but if you prove you are the best by beating the top teams in the league consistently over one tough stretch of games by playing them all, then you now know what you are capable of and that is also now in their head too.
soonerboomer65::A lot of people talking about how one game doesn't mean anything, playoffs will be different, Rose was hurt....B.S.! Bulls got stomped by a better team and now they fear the Thunder! Get ready world, this is the Thunder decade.
handball96::If by thunder decade you mean in a few years they will be 10 years old then yes. Otherwise, no $@%!$ way
Nanrad_91::Don't speak too soon. "Thunder Decade". Go to the Bulls forums and you'll read how Bulls fans were saying Rose being out would have caught up to them eventually. If you don't believe that Rose is a big difference maker, then there is nothing else I can say to you. 14-6 without Rose and 28-6 with him. I don't know about you, but I believe we would be in single digit loses if he were healthy.
Tj7475::westbrook vs d-rose. whos wins?
SoonersRock55::Does this battle take place in the future or in the past? Because D-Rose is not going to be 100% any time in the foreseeable future.
Danny74068::Rose.. Westbrook is very good.. but Rose wins this one.
chisoldier::whoever gets the ball first. Both guys are too fast too guard each other one on one.
msouza02::Skip Bayless did it again he actually had  something bad to say about the Thunder winning.. Even after he got the winnign % of when Durant has more shots the Westbrook and when that occurs the THunder have a worse record he stil bad mouthed Russel!  I don't understand how that guy is on TV and Even more perplexed I watch until I have to vomit
Sonic_Sooner::Skip Bayless is a stiff necked, pig-headed, hard-headed, stubborn mule.  He absolutely cannot admit he is WRONG about Russell Westbrook.  Right up until the time Westbrook is named first team All-NBA (OVER his beloved "true point guards" like Chris Paul, Deron Williams and Steve Nash), Bayless will STILL be whining.  And the more he does it in the face of Westbrook having MONSTER games against the best teams in the NBA, the more Bayless looks like a horse's $@%.
rcorrington88::Lol I'm an OKC Fan and a fan of espn first take. The thing about skip Bayless is he doesn't like shooting point guards, which is annoying cause Westbrook is a baller. But at least he's consistent. He doesn't like D-Rose, Deron Williams, or Westbrook, mainly because i think he's still stuck on the past where as combo guards are becoming more and more popular. I still don't like Westbrook shooting more but honestly Durant still has a very good chance of Winning his third consecutive scoring title, so all is well. I would prefer Russell to have 8 assists per game vs. 5.5 but he's 23 and still developing.
mikedogg08::bulls really layed an egg
FillANig::Back in my glory days as a WNBA head coach, we didn't have all this high quality technology and 7ft tall man-women college prospects like Britney Griner. Sadly nowadays african-american women are taking over the sport and it really grinds my gears. I've tried gettin back into the game of coaching but no WNBA team wants to support such an expensive salary, 94K a year. I considered being a stockbroker but who knows, maybe I'll go to law school and do cases for under-privileged negros.
Nachocheese25::As an ex NBA player who played overseas , In countries such as Zimbabwe, Lithuania, Georgia (not the state), in addition home of Santa Claus Finland, The Quality of ball over there cannot be underestiamted such as in Zimbabwe i had to go up against a guy who had never picked up a basketball but was 8 feet tall. He was part of a tribe that originated from giraffes and i could not understand him because he spoke a strange dialect called Swahili. I average 4.5 ppg, 6.4 Rebounds, 2.1 Steals. If any nba team is interested look up my profile on ihoops.com
ArcusProtus::Let's pretend for a second that NBA execs read ESPN boards, how exactly are they supposed to look you up, under the name "Nacho Cheese"?
OBE1KOBE::Must admit Thunder look scary. They put a number on us the bulls and Heat. We'll find out if their for real or not come playoffs. Hell the Suns were kicking @55 and taking names during the reg season too a few years back. But couldn't put it together at playoff time. Not saying the thunder are like those suns teams. but my point is the playoffs is a different type of ball game and the thunder will have to adjust as all playoff teams will have to do. But props to the new kids on the block. Westbrook is beasting along with Durrant.
msouza02::Lets be honest sports is a young mans game now Experience I mean come on! How much did the celtics have playing together when they won in 08. Christ PAu went to the LAKers and they went that yr.  The Thunder are young HEalthy and awsome they will do just fine in the Playoffs. They have 3 guys that can get their own shot plus good active big men.
thefilman::The Bulls are young and talented as well. I really hope the Bulls beat the Heat so we can see this matchup in the finals!!!
msouza02::Thats because HOrry took that cheap shot and Amare and 1 other important player was suspended or they would have beat the Spurs that yr.
soonerbuzzy::Thank you for the kind words! I feel the same. They are fun to watch and look scary right now, but it is just the regular season. I keep saying that because they are like two totally different seasons. Most teams coast to stay healthy, most teams rest starters, all kinds of things lead to regular season wins. But when the playoffs get here, you can bet your hiney that the Bulls and the Heat will be ready to play. And so will the Thunder. Will be an exciting playoff race this year! I look forward too it
Nachocheese25::I got Knicks and Grizzlies in the finals who do you got?
soonerboomer65::Hornets and Wizards
FillANig::Sup fellas, Anthony Davis's unibrow is pretty sweet if I may say so myself.
soonerbuzzy::It scares me. I don't think that is a fad that can catch on. It just looks terrible. I feel like that thing is going to jump off his forehead and go to the bottom of the screen and make the TBS logo or something
soonerbuzzy::Wish I could say it was a good game yesterday, the Bulls struggled. It happens. In no way does it cloud my vision of what is to come playoff time. That being said I am pretty proud of the Thunder. I expected them to go 3-3 in this rough 6 game stretch. Having to play the Heat twice, Lakers at LA, at Portland, and Memphis scrunched in there, I could easily see the Thunder losing some ground in the #1 seed race.   They have surprised me, After having a bad stretch they have come on strong. And seeing San Antonio's remaining schedule and how easy it is I am thankful for that. If the Thunder can manage a win out of either at Miami or Memphis at home they will finish this stretch 5-1 which isn't too shabby.  Can't wait for the playoffs already. Going to be fun to watch all these teams go at it!
chadhenne07::watching first take right now, i finally heard someone not put the heat in the finals, this guy has thunder and bulls in the finals,
msouza02::Rob Parker. I hate the Heat but with a banged Rose most likely with a healthy Rose they won't beat the heat. I hope they do but the heat are better. You saw against a athletic team Liek the THunder without Rose they have no one that can create their own shot
Pinkycuh::Later bulls, I'm going to be in Chicago Thursday, and I'm bringing up this game when I go out. Seriously man, you guys got a good team, good luck with Boston thurs night
FillANig::Haha you your name is stupid.
chadhenne07::aight man,
Pinkycuh::Like how everyone keeps saying thunder going to choke when playoffs come, um, didn't they go further than all but 3 other teams last postseason? With a little lesser team than this year. I'm going to say, they have gone further every season, so, not, to worried about a choke.
chadhenne07::thunder is a great team,as a bulls fan i am  a huge durant fan,
soonerbuzzy::It's just a win man. that's all it is. Playoffs are a different animal. Thunder have the potential to go all the way, no doubt in my mind. But there is a big difference between going to the Finals and winning a regular season game.   Be more humble. OKC fans as a whole are humble people. Act like we should have won that game, act like it isn't a farce. Be proud of your Thunder and how humble they are as a team. Be that kind of fan.
chadhenne07::they are not gonna choke, choking and losing are two different things, who knows if thunder is gonna win the title or not but they wont choke, lebron chokes,
Pinkycuh::Pre-thunder game bulls fans(not all of you) "our team is the $@%! without D Rose, we 12-5"  Post-thunder game bulls fans(All of you) "our team is $hitty without D Rose, we 12-6"
pspank1::you sound silly..I'll put the Bulls up against anyone...ANYONE PARTNER!!!!!!!!!!
chadhenne07::i totally agree, the game was over in the 4th and it became pre-season, bulls got whipped and thibs got outcoached, its still no reason to over react, every team is gonna lose and every now and then a elite team will get smashed, bulls got smashed, thunder just couldnt miss a shot, im sure thibs has forgotted all about it and is moving on to the next game
Danny74068::Well Said Soonerbuzzy
soonerbuzzy::this game was a LOT further out than 14 pts. The only reason the Bulls cut it so close was because the Thunder unloaded their bench and let their stars rest.  That being said the Bulls had a bad game, and the Thunder had a good game. This is no indication of the playoffs. I'm sure if the Bulls make it to the finals and the Thunder manage to get their as well this will be a hard fought series.   Thunder are playing excellent right now, but that doesn't guarantee them anything. They still have to earn it also. I don't pencil anyone into a championship series until they are there.
Pinkycuh::Remember when ATL beat you by 15.....nobody beat us by 13 this whole year. Don't say anybody
texrcana24::I think that the only thing you can say with 100% certainty after this win is that the Thunder are officially playoff bound.  Other than that, too many outside factors played a role in this game to really say what would happen in a 7 game series....and this is coming from a Thunder season ticket holder.
SoonersRock55::Also a season ticket holder here. I agree with you that you can't draw any conclusions from just one game. Even in the absence of any "outside factors", the dynamic in a playoff series will be different. What I will say is that the Thunder are looking hungry while the big name teams they've faced in this 6 game stretch didn't. I just hope they aren't peaking too soon.
chibulls2k12::Big Scal with +12 1 point.
SoonersRock55::For all out there saying, "Yeah but no Rose for the Bulls" y'all better get used to it because there is a fair chance that THE Derrick Rose who won the MVP and dominated everyone is never coming back. The guy is nursing both back and groin injuries, either one of which has been known to plague and shorten athletic careers. I think Rose is a good kid and a helluva ball player and sincerely hope that he does bounce back to 100% form. But that is far from given and even less so in the short run (meaning this season). When Rose does play, and I'm sure he will pretty soon, he won't be 100%. At least not this year and maybe never?   So to the "It would have been different if Rose played" crowd.... probably not.
thefilman::The point is with a HEALTHY Rose, this would have been a different game.  the bulls clinched the playoffs and really can rest rose til the rest of the season and make the playoff push. He rested 3 weeks now and may have another 2.. PLENTY OF TIME!!!
SoonersRock55::With a Michael Jordan from 1986 it would have been a much different game too. But that ain't gonna happen either so...
texrcana24::Watched Rose come out yesterday and "warm up" and he looked REALLY gimpy and only shot 5 shots and went back to the locker room and never came back out until tip off.  I think your right on in your assessment.
Pinkycuh::Amen Brotha.
Rossi46Doctor::Miami was exposed for the frauds that they are... 3 overpaid stars and a bunch of clearance rack bustouts
pspank1::You see mguinard10 dumb a  s  s has alot to say but whe you ask them a question back they can't answer.  They let the C's beat the hell out of them at FULL STRENGHT!!!!   COME ON MAN.....LOL
RunTheBall22::funny because the way I heard heat fans talk about Norris Cole you would have thought he was an all star. lol
RunTheBall22::that game came down to horrible point guard play, Watson was a no show and if JL3 is not hitting shots he is worthless, awful job at running the offense and getting people involved, maybe the worst offense I have seen all season. Watson needs to step it up, the last few weeks he has not played so well.
mguinard10::I love how the thunder exposed the Bulls for the frauds they are. Regular season heroes post season chumps.
soonerbuzzy::This is obviously some troll. The Bulls made it to the Eastern Finals last year. You don't get that far by being frauds lol I would put the Bulls team up against anyone in the league. They just had a bad night in the middle of a season. If this were the playoffs then ya you can talk but it isn't.
pspank1::Please explain...how they are better I'm waiting to hear this logic.. How are the Miami Heat better than the BULLS.  I need to know the facts.  And if it makes sense I will agree with you.  I'm a basketball fan.  I can take constructive critizism.....so please be fair with you analysis about how the heat are better...I'm waiting..
Danny74068::Wow.. no Rose and Bulls had a terrible game is exposing a team?  That was a great game for the Thunder and congrats.. However, just because they got beaten against a very good team doesnt mean they are fraud.  You still have to see them play with a Full healthy roster.  Don't get too cocky.
Rossi46Doctor::So they "exposed" us as playoff frauds, in a regular season game?
pspank1::I thank Boston too....
pspank1::HA I can't tell.  How can you prove they are better than us...and PLEASE PLEASE don't start that last year crap...
mguinard10::Miami has some iisues as well but they are way better then the bulls. The bulls will be lucky to make it out of the second round
Danny74068::HEY AISE5668... You still think Rose sucks and he is not needed you fool?  I hope last nights game opened your eyes a bit.
Honey_Badger_Dont_Care::Why does Westbrook pose after every dunk?    It's really annoying.
soonerbuzzy::Who doesn't show boat when they dunk over a big man or even thin air these days? Everyone stops and poses all the time. Why single out Westbrook? Hate much?
Qzhoopin72::If I were 6'3" and dunked on a 7-footer on national TV, I'd act a fool too!!  Seriously though...let the man enjoy himself. Everybody is not a robot out there. As long as he's back ready to play defense, who cares?
Pinkycuh::Cause he's 22.
aise5668::I love it!  And I love his 3-gun shooters when he hits a 3.  It gets the team psyched and makes the other team think that they have NO chance.
pie-express::Yeah, no chance to look like an even bigger fool.
Da-THUN-Da::I didnt watch the celtics heat game. Does anyone know if the celtics played a zone d against them. Earlier in the year when they played the heat put up 70 in the first half and in the second half celts went to a zone and shut em down. Just wondering if anyone noticed.  I think thats how you have to beat the Heat TRY to make them shoot jump shots.
sjr1893::Boozer needs to be in the post more, in the 1st he backed in Ibaka and laid it in, never did it again
Chicagocold312::Ibaka's rep of a shot blocker gives him the benefit of the doubt whenever there's contact down low, When noah went in for that dunk and got hacked like a mug, the refs let it go because of Serge's rep as a shot blocker.
Curlyfryroc::That's Dirk though =O, he made a fool of everyone he went against the whole play offs
aise5668::Ibaka's on-the-ball D isn't his strength.  Dirk lit him up in the playoffs last year.  His help-D is other worldly.
Jairushawkins..::yeah the bulls went dry in the 3rd. They could have used D rose in that time spand.
Danny74068::I said that during the loss to Denver.  Is not the 1st time it happens, they seem to come out of  Halftime more winded than rested.  3rd Qtrs are killing this team and they need to do a better job soon.  This game should had been closer.. and that 3rd qtr was worse than Twilight love story.
Chicagocold312::This wednesday will be the 1st time i root for Miami to beat anybody, i hope they smoke OKC now. matter of fact this will be the 2nd time i had their back when they played the Knicks, that's when all of that Linsanity crap was going on and the Heat smashed that a.ss.
Danny74068::I never Root for Miami.  I'm a bulls fan and I don't like when they get beat... But when the Heat play, I always root for their opponent.  If the Bulls are to lose to a team.. I rather be OKC than Heat or any other team.
Chicagocold312::Wednesday i will be MIA ALL DAY, OKC fans have gotten beside's themselves. But to their credit this stretch has proved them to be the Best team in the league. But their fans suck butt. lmao
SteveC1107::Plus rooting for the HEAT, won't help a bit...You must have missed the whoopin we gave them a few nights ago...
CyBuck the Troll Slayer::Bulls lost to a good team, no shame in that.  I won't be rooting for Miami.  Love to see their trolls squirm after a beat down.
Chicagocold312::well maybe you're right, that pinkycuh character had me going yesterday and this morning so imma salty character right now. lmao
CyBuck the Troll Slayer::I don't think you can judge a whole fan base on a few idiot trolls, who aren't even really fans.  They just get on the internet to try and make other people miserable, which you can't let happen.  If you pay attention, you can see who are the real fans, and who aren't.
Chicagocold312::I bet you i will OKC fans are some hoes just like MIA, and i thought they were better than that.
SteveC1107::Just can't accept that your team lost, so now you're going to root for another team to beat em...CLASSY  You are not a fan...just a big ol HATER
Jairushawkins..::sfdzfn
CyBuck the Troll Slayer::IsRoseChinese - Chicago has NO SHOT at beating the Heat in a 7 game series! NONE WHATSOEVER! CASE CLOSED! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Yet you probably see the Heat going far when 3 of their 5 starters combine for 6 points vs the Celtics.  Ok.
fs626::bulls can't beat OKC w/o rose...
Chicagocold312::you have to have ALL of your pieces together when you play OKC, these punks better realize that everyteam's stars  can get injured and KD and Westbrook aint immune to that, so they better quit counting their chickens before they're hatched.
soonerbuzzy::Couldn't agree more. Thunder has been VERY lucky with injuries over the past 3 years. It has been a big help as far as progressing as a team.
Chicagocold312::"I see Indian reservations, cowchips too, i see the trailer parks for me and you... And i say to myself, OKC's a wonderful world..."
Pinkycuh::What I'm curios on, wonder what score woulda been had Durant and Westbrook played the 4th. Over a 100 for sure.
sjr1893::The Bulls have to start out better, they always have to come from behind. They let the other team get confidence early with easy shots
Pinkycuh::Nobody let's Durant shoot. He can just shoot.
Pinkycuh::Love how people are naive enough to think rose woulda made that much of a difference. Dude is human just like the rest of the players. Btw, we shut the whole bulls team down, and if ATL held Rose to just 8 points when they beat them in Jan, sure the thunder could prob hold him also.
RunTheBall22::so what now all humans are equal basketball players? if you did not notice the point guard play was horrible  from the bulls with resulted in little to no offense. Rose can not only get his own shot but his penetration opens up shots for everyone, I'm not saying the bulls would have for sure won but it would have been a whole different game and there is no doubt about that
Pinkycuh::Ok, I give you that, thought u were one of the clowns who were saying they woulda won.
pspank1::OK What the hell happened!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I missed the game WHAT THE HELL!!!!  30 points....
pspank1::Damn even worse who the hell didn't show up...
Pinkycuh::Go NBA.com and watch highlights. Thunder can shoot and rebound.
Pinkycuh::Um...31
Dr. Wisdom Jr. PhD::Derrick Rose's extended rest is quite interesting. There are theories that it is not physical but rather mental fatigue. Before the jokes about his 1 year of attendance (questionable) at Memphis give him the benefit of the doubt.
GrizzK4::Wow this board is dead....hopefully it'll pick up later!
GrizzK4::The Thunder are SCARY. Yeah yeah, no Rose, whatever. Still got our as.ses handed to us! I love watching the Thunder, hopefully this is a Finals preview! I really want to see Rose vs. Westbrook, it might be a different story if we have somebody other than Lucas out there :P  To all you Heat trolls, you should probably go back to your own board and lick your own wounds after the shellacking the C's gave you last night. At least we lost to one of the best teams in the league, you lost to residents of the Boston senior home.
ddavis513rd::LOL they lost to the AARP crew. Boston brought their Bengay to that game.
Ref Dunked on you haha::all I know is that Derrick Rose a$$ better be ready before the playoff starts
