wolfpackattack83::KEITH SMART IS A RACIST PIG
NazrMohammedForPrez::This game was riveting, one of the best of the year.
gw687::Anyone else noticed any time IT scores 20+, the Kings seem to lose?
seattleitez::Yeah but they seem to lose every game so
dog_has_fleas::Here is the issue, everytime Jimmer has a game to prove he should get more minutes, he follows it up with a game to prove to people why he shouldn't. Then Smart will just decide to not play him....oh gotta love the bi-polarness of the coach.
wolfpackattack83::fredette for thirty games was top five in the nba in points per min.... top five.... thru thirty games.... only players ahead of him were lebron, kobe, durant, and melo.... then for no reason, thomas was jumped ahead of him as the starting point guard...  u say fredette follows up good games with bad ones.... thats idiotic.... whenever he gets real min, he gives real production.... been that way all year... ive seen u post many times... and they are always anti fredette....  for some reason u dont want him to succeed... because any true fan of the kings with out a personal motive has to be wondering why fredette isnt playing on such a terrible team
Charley Varrick::Toney 21 mins no stats? Jimmer would have done better. Fire the dummy!
bulls5069::Biggest load of horse $@%! I've seen. Kings got a bonus in the back pocket to throw this one!!!!
TIGRES1441::how is keith smart still employed?
wolfpackattack83::the racist coach wont play him... but the pathetic franchise is in desperate need of the buzz and the fans that he (jammer) brings to the table.... smart and the kings players wont no part of fredette being the crowd fav in sacramento
corybourn::I am not sure that Jimmer will ever be a great pro, but he is certainly not a bust. Kwame Brown was a bust, Kirk Hastings was a bust, but Jimmer is at least serviceable. I would really like to see what he could do, but he never gets any serious flow going because he plays 10 minutes one game and then 10 minutes over the next three. Why didn't they trade him if they weren't going to play him. ESPN said a number of teams were interested in trading for him but the Kings wouldn't trade him. No wonder they suck as a franchise, their just like my team the Clippers except for the last two years.
Sklaters-ugly-son::Because Jiz.mer Fraudette is a bust, and he knows it.
Charley Varrick::No he's not u n!
YoundStud::Sixers Offseason:  Re-sign Bynum 1year/14mil  Trade Turner and 2nd Round Pick for Al-Farouq Aminu and 1st Round Pick  Trade Arnett Moultrie, Jason Richardson for Brandon Knight and 2nd Round Pick  Realease Charles Jenkins  Release Kwame  Release Royal Ivey  Sign some new free agent bench players.  2014 team:   PG: Jrue Holiday SG: Brandon Knight SF: Al-Farouq Aminu PF: Spencer Hawes C: Andrew Bynum  ;-)
cunningham2calvinwilliams::Re-signing Bynum is how you get fired
Catchin Feelings On ESPN::You would make a terrible GM.
cunningham2calvinwilliams::Stop winning Sixers!!! There is no point!!!  You're losing lottery balls!!!
potato623::Peace guys
dont_hate_the_playa_hate_the_game::philly would be better with michelle kwan lol
picaac15::Ok lets all agree on what the Sixers are probably going to do with the team next season  Locks to stay: Moultrie, Holiday, Thad &gt;75% : Richardson, Dorell, Evan Turner, Hawes &gt;50%: Bynum, Swaggy, Jenkins, Lavoy, Wilkins &lt;50%: Kwame, Ivey, Pargo  I definitely think the Sixers will resign DWright and keep Hawes. They'll probably look to move ET and will most likely keep their draft pick because its gonna be Top-10.  Biggest decision is definitely on Bynum, most likely a 3/60 kinda deal, but I do think they'll resign him.
dont_hate_the_playa_hate_the_game::you already messed up by signing bynum when he was hurt.do you really want to make that mistake again?
potato623::I'd say Turner is more in the 50% range, same as Hawes
picaac15::Hawes would be sick off the Bench or playing at the PF.  Hes much better than people give him credit for
phillyman08::Anyone know if doug mcdermott is going to the draft this year?
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Not sure
Only real fans stick with bad teams::GG sixers...we'll see u in the lottery :)  #KJing
Sportsfan4life008::Well im out, GG 6ers fans and GL with the tanking
Eric Forman.::Later Chargers.
Sportsfan4life008::see ya trap
picaac15::Lol...  Evan Turner, 1st round pick for Pau Gasol?  Resign Bynum and sign Matt Barnes/ Tony Allen this offseason.  Resign Dorell, add some more bench pieces  Jrue/ Richardson/ T. Allen/ Gasol/ Bynum  Bench: Dorell, Hawes, Moultre, ... more people probably Kwame he has a player option
phillyman08::thad off the bench? nope. no
potato623::Yeah, maybe we can get something else besides Gasol  Some kind of serviceable 3, what about Granger?
potato623::I can dig that, although I'd rather try Thad at the 3, but that'd be pretty nice
CoreyGallagherArt::I don't like that team, middle of the pack written all over it. Also you forgot Thad
potato623::Really? How so, I think we'd be nasty as hell with that squad
YoundStud::That's way too much for gasol
picaac15::ET isnt worth as much as you think, 1st rounder depends on what position we get
dont_hate_the_playa_hate_the_game::ENTIRELY too much for gasoft
potato623::Where dod Thad go haha?
picaac15::off bench, i forgot
CoreyGallagherArt::Tony Allen is only 6'4
picaac15::defense, we'll need it.
dont_hate_the_playa_hate_the_game::and philly scores more points than they have all season, while picking up their 2nd (2nd??????) road win of the year.
CoreyGallagherArt::7th
CoreyGallagherArt::Ah, my mistake
dont_hate_the_playa_hate_the_game::i said YEAR, not SEASON
Naminus_Dreads392416::Draft your nba team:  http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-challenge1
jeremylinbetonharvardgames::2nd Half OVERRRR  @@@@@@@@@@@@@ $$$$$$$$$$$$$$ LANDS ON 1044444444444444444
potato623::My dream offseason:  Resign Bynum to 1 year 15 million dollar deal Package Turner and Hawes for a something Win Lottery: Draft Shabazz or McLemore  Jrue Shabazz/McLemore Richardson Thad Bynum  Pipe dreams pipe dream haha
bluedevils1148::Shabazz will be garbage. Overrated, egotistical. Not a team guy at all.
CoreyGallagherArt::Jrue could have had 25 if he could hit his free throws... Does Doug make players work on them at practice? First it was Iggy, now it's Thad and Jrue, how do our major contributors not know how to shoot free throws?
jeremylinbetonharvardgames::OVERRRRR 104!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cbchoice909::Lol how does the starting PG have zero assists?!?!?!?!?!?!
Only real fans stick with bad teams::He's not really a PG he's just too short to play any other position....he's ALWAYS looking to score 1st
Only real fans stick with bad teams::LOL at all the butt hurt Philly fans wishing their team would tank, now bashing the Kings for losing haha
potato623:::)
picaac15::Sixers honestly have so much work to do this offseason I dont even know where to start.  First decide what to do with Evan Turner then move from there.
CoreyGallagherArt::Get rid of him
jeremylinbetonharvardgames::lol damn philllyyyy trying ot milk every second off the lock in a 22 point game blowout
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Look at all the trolls coming out now
Sportsfan4life008::kings lose aztecs lose UGH
CoreyGallagherArt::There are like 4 Cali teams, root for a different one
CoreyGallagherArt::I respect you
Sportsfan4life008::thats stupid
picaac15::I guarantee you Sixers somehow trade their first round pick
CoreyGallagherArt::If they package it with Turner (and/or Hawes) and move up to a respectable position than I'm all for it
potato623::I wouldn't be upset, after Shabazz, McLemore, Len, Porter, Noel, Oladpio, Smart the draft goes to hell
PennSportsGuy::We would get Gasol or something
PennSportsGuy::hahaha that would be so bad
picaac15::The thing about tanking is that you dont do it at your home arena.  Which is why I dont understand why 1) The Sixers are winning and 2) The Kings are getting blown out
CoreyGallagherArt::Kings are pro tankers, they know tanking is best done everywhere
phillyman08::3 more assists Jru!!!
bulls5069::Should be called the queens after this display. Oh and yes it is tanking!!! When ur form is this inconsistent it shows ur attitude as a pro athlete!!!!
Only real fans stick with bad teams::You're just mad cuz the Kings made the Bulls their $@%!$@% last week haha
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Go away troll
picaac15::Okay really?   If you let the Sixers score 110+ theres something seriously wrong
dont_hate_the_playa_hate_the_game::is anyone paying attention to this game, seriously? philly wins one road game (sorry...2) since january, and sac scores 10 pts in 7 min. that's actually worse than the charlotte pussycats
Only real fans stick with bad teams::It's all Hawes fault...they should tell him the 6ers r in the playoff race and he'd fold quicker than a lawn chair at the end of summer
Only real fans stick with bad teams::I'm sorry but crushing the Bulls and beating the Clips, and winning 3 out of the last 5 IS NOT tanking LOL
picaac15::Maybe if the Sixers manage to tank for the 6th or 7th pick Oladipo will fall to us
PennSportsGuy::we are so bad we cant even tank right
Sportsfan4life008::byu sucks
Eric Forman.::Well you're obligated to say that as an SDSU fan lol
picaac15::So i just did the Mock Draft and first time I got Sixers with the 2nd overall pick getting Noels
phillyman08::every time I do that I get them at 11th with $@%!$@% mason plumlee
potato623::Great f###ing job!!
razzledazzletj81::Will Smart put in Jimmer with 2 minutes or so to lower his stats?
drjrtr::No...last time he put JF in down 15 it made him look bad.
SgtJarf::Smart will break Jimmer's knees and then put him in.
Italics87::Every time Jimmer doesn't play I cheer for the Kings to lose
razzledazzletj81::Jimmer as a Sixer is the only way I would pay for Comcast.
CoreyGallagherArt::I would like Jimmer on the Sixers
Eric Forman.::Cool.
potato623::Give Turner the ball, do something 6ers,,,Kwame, Swaggy??? Stop winning
PennSportsGuy::its too late, just root for a jrue triple double
CoreyGallagherArt::I root for Thad more than I root for Jrue just because he has the potential to be something special, posting borderline AS numbers and yet I never hear him talked about anywhere, Jrue is already established now
potato623::Jrue's all I been rooting for all year, god bless the guy, makes me feel the dark days will be over soon
picaac15::On the bright side this draft isnt very strong so the difference between an 11th pick and a 6 or 7 pick isnt that great,  But still, Sixers are going to have a hell of a lot of decisions to make soon.
potato623::Shabazz is a pure scorer, something we could use Corey, I think the potential would be too much to pass. I agree though, not really a prize and cool name
potato623::I fell in love with that Len guy from Maryland, oh man he looks great.  Shabazz, McLemore and Noel are the prizes, everybody else is ? marks
potato623::Smart?? What the hell, we got Jrue man
potato623::Oh I said the same haha, believe me, but then I watched him...he's got some black in em' if you know what I mean haha
CoreyGallagherArt::Shabazz is not a prize imo, his name is coo though
Eric Forman.::Marcus Smart.
picaac15::lol tall white guys? Ill pass.
Jim7419::The kings are the most selfish team in the nba. Tonight they have 14 assists on 36 fgs!
razzledazzletj81::Actually, Comcast is probably doing me a favor by blocking this game.
CoreyGallagherArt::First quarter was like the Kings showing us what they could do, after that they began tanking, that's what bad teams do, Sixers haven't been bad long enough to understand this fact, we've only been bad since the new year, should have started off the season bad to get this fact engrained in our players.
potato623:::(
dont_hate_the_playa_hate_the_game::where's all the idiots that said sac was playing well? come out so i can laugh at your a ss personally. they're getting blown out by absolute waste. look at their road record.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::LOL exactly...Sac WAS playing well....until tonight.....
Maximus_Paps901756::Why not draft it up:  http://tinyurl.com/challenge-free-nba4
Sportsfan4life008:::(
Minnysota Vikings::Come on Cousins! Are you really gonna let yourself get owned by Spencer Hawes?
YoundStud::Yes. Yes he is.
