Yak Djukanovic::THE MAVS ARE GARBAGE THEY LOST TO THE RAPTORS AT HOME AND THEY HAD A 20 POINT LEAD IN THE GAME.
Ayn Bland::If the Spurts were scheduled to play on TNT tonight, Pappy would have rested the geriatric trio.  Good call to whoever decided to snub them this evening.
John Martin::Nine Spurs had at least one assist.  That is what team basketball is all about.
Lester Ayers::rick Carlisle really thinks vince carter is good idk why
Al Davis::another fake cuban sellout.  empty seats abound.
Brandon Tigues::this game should be on tnt instead of memphis and houston
Kyle White::David Stern doesn't like Gregg Popovich or the Spurs for that matter so any chance he gets to slight them he will, but all kidding aside I agree Houston will prolly end up beating Memphis easily.
Brandon Tigues::Kyle White lol that sound accurate though, and yup Memphis have been terrible this season
Kyle White::Brandon Tigues I know I could see Stern doing it but hell I'm just ready for the game tonight and at least that one is on TNT
Emil E. Matula III::Can San Antonio abandon the Marco Belinelli in the starting lineup role?
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::u can say that again. its not working. sometimes pop makes questionable decisions. marco plays better off the bench and danny fits in better with the starters. pops experimenting sucks right now
Jared Johnson::Despite this game, I'm glad the Spurs got rid of Blair.
Mike Wagener::Blair brought energy, hustle and effort.  And a double meat with cheese with everything on it.
Aking Balintataw::It's good for the Spurs and good for Blair
Jared Johnson::Mike Wagener Those were the positives. He was also a subpar defender, couldn't shoot anything besides layups, and his passing wasn't anything special. In the Spurs' system, it seems you need at least one of those skills to succeed. Not saying Blair's a bad player, just a bad fit. Plus he seemed like he was only playing for himself. I assume you've seen his comments about his playing time with the Spurs. He fits better with the Mavs.
David Pendery::Whew, necessary win for the Spurs.
Fjodor Balla::Crowder with a whooping -18
Aeron Uchiha::I hope he plays like that every time. He is unpredictable.
Reon Romero::We can't get any closer than 5.
Reon Romero::Mavs needs to do more work.
Marx Lewis Batibot::Let's Go Mavs
Max Klein::6 consecutive missed free throws for the Mavs was their downfall. I'm not a stats geek but I'm sure it has been quite a few years since the Mavs missed 6 consecutive foul shots. Also Wright would have made a huge difference in this one.
Brian Mack::Dallas dosnt deserve to win!!! But they are hanging in there........Spurs always a great team, but I hate em.........loll
Duddly Jones::mavs not inspired enough.........need to lose a few more...............but even then couldn't beat the spurs
Zach Heaton::Your trash talk is just pathetic.
Peter Krane::Again, Spurs win.  Good game, Spurs fans.  Mavs fans, Dallas kept it close, but just could not take over the lead, great effort.
Ayn Bland::This could be a Spurts statement game, claiming, "We DO belong in the playoffs!"  I suspect they'll lose, though.
Aking Balintataw::The spurs haven't loss 2 in a row this season.  I am with the Spurs to continue that streak!
Al Davis::The "Spurts" see the mavs as a flea.  Really no longer a rivalry for them.  The gap is too wide.
Duddly Jones::man the mavs stink.........they're still exhausted champions after winning x days ago
Mike Farah::No mavs dont need a brake they suck and spurs are the best team around and mavs are not going to do anything this year .
Leland Wong::After coming off of a loss to the Rox, the spurs are red hot determined to beat the Mavs. I think the spurs will have the edge in this game.
Peter Krane::Coach Pop always knows how to bring out the best in his players.  Spurs are a tough team again this year.
Marx Lewis Batibot::Dallas Mavericks have more percentage of winning this for sure Lets go mavs
Jonathan Nieves::sit carter before he loses this game for us.... Crowder could use the minutes to develop.
Carl D Hill::Man, Dirk i a true BEAST, it's only halftime and he already has 3 boards, BEAST.....
Zach Heaton::He's also 13th on the All-time scoring list. Not bad.
Jason Fleck::He is only a 7footer. Give him a break, he got 5 boards for the game. lol
