Seattle Blows!::very ugly 1-3 quarters but Warriors kicked it up a not in D and 3's in the 4th. I know everyone's gonna look at Curry's stats/pts, but look...the players that really helped pull out the win were Green, followed by Barnes. Green's contributions don't show up on the stats but he stopped the bleeding twice with a few buckets(including a 3) when Dallas was on a run, he got 2 blocks and stopped Dirk and Monte off the switch. Barnes?....well lets just say he's a front runner for 6th man of the year. I couldn't believe how much better he's been since playoffs last year. i remember saying how much he sucked(and Green as well ... : (    I was wrong). Barnes is playing smart and Green is a spark off the bench. we still need to cut down on turnovers and Curry has to cut down on T.O's as well. Like I mentioned earlier, I hope Lee is not on the downside of his career, yeah I know he has good numbers this year, but he has NOT been shooting from 8-14ft out much this year. He's also not getting off the ground fast, but strong (not quick on his feet). 6 of the next 8 will be an home, lets get some wins before we go on the road.   get well soon Iggy.
Logic::Clay T has a ways to go. He can score 30 or virtually disappear. He holds a height advantage over almost every 2 in the league but does not exploit it inside. Lee needs to work on his mid-range game because with his inside moves he can get a 15 foot jumper every time. He's just chucking bricks night after night from the elbow.  Right now GS lives and dies by the 3 and that is not a good thing. I know they are short handed but the play has to be better. They lucked one out last night.
dionicia::Rebounding is a big factor in order for a team to win. Choking is another factor in making your team lose. That's what GS and Mavs showed tonight.
SNW::I am a Ws fan but curry's 4 pt play was a questionable foul, a call that Ws never used to get. and with 1.5 seconds left half the team was busy celebrating instead of defending the last play...  I feel like the same carefree attitude that makes the Ws such a good shooting team, also makes them prone to mistakes and defensive meltdowns.
dster20::Dallas is playing below average. Warriors playing horrible, no energy. Thompson is phoning it in. The best D so far is each team's O.
bluuzman::Curry chest bumped a guy from GS's bench who was on the court with 1.5 seconds left. Dallas had no timeouts. Isn't that a technical foul?
Walking Proud::Hey, Cuban, how bout them Warriors!
Douglas A::I love the game winning shots, but Steph has GOT to cut down on the turnovers.  8?!?
Matthew::As a basketball fan in general, it almost pains me to watch Sam Dalembert out there.  The guy is so athletic and fluid in his movements, but he completely lacks fundamentals in boxing out and help defense.  The guy could easily be comparable to Tyson Chandler (if not better) if he got down the basics.
projectz3::Curry's doing too much to help the team win, but he's actually hurting them with turnovers. He doesn't need to force anything.
