Jack Huang::can we all agree that what happen to the Knicks last season was a complete fluke???
Eric Dorsey::No all we can agree on is that Dolan is an idiot and traded away the wrong players.
Ken Ferriello::It's the JR/Melo comedy show.
James Slattery::Who else is coming to see Melo's new movie?  Lord of the Bricks: Return of the Bricklayer.
Gejsi Marku::I'm a NYK fan, and I want the losing streak continue. At least we have a streak. Cheers
Laree Williams::lol
Marcleen Bavogui::lmao yes u have a streak
Ken Ferriello::Gejsi- Be careful what u wish for.  You may get ur wish
Ken Ferriello::Another loss- Why?  Melo 21 SHOTS -23 POINTS.42% shooting.- 44 minutes--------------- Ryan Anderson, 21 SHOTS --52% overall and 64 % from 3 point land -- 31 POINTS- 36 minutes. ------------------------ MARSH-MELO --- Enough said
Elvis Rodriguez Colon::And Tim jr 21 points 10 shots 60% shooting.
Paul Eastridge::Anthony was playing my grandmother 1 on 1 and the score was tied at 10 all so he knocked her out of her wheelchair and went in and missed a layup.
Marcos Kolioulis::Melo the only star from the 2003 draft that will never win a ring
Ken Ferriello::Bosh, wade and lebron shot 62% tonight and bosh and lebron scored just as many points as Marsh-Melo on 13 shots . March-Melo had 21 shots to get the same amount of points,.
Craig Meads::I've never understood why people liked him so much!
Steven Rivera::Yes 3 all-stars playing along side so they better be effecient every night
Ken Ferriello::Steven Rivera Steve I see you have the opinion that all Melo's flaws are because he does not have good enough players next to him.  I just looked at Melo is #100 in scoring percentage. 99 players are shooting better than him this year. Talk to me when he gets to the top 25 in scoring percentahe and than we can talk about the cast around him. You already heard this from me. Melo only is in the top 10 in scoring because he takes the most shots.
Peter Restivo::Knicks will lose 50 plus games......Season is OVER.....I hope Carmelo signs with the Lakers......
Vontravius Williams::Naw the Lakers dont want that bum. Let him suffer the rest of his career in NY. Thats what he get for bailing on Denver when he had a Championship team there. Thats what he get for trying to be like lebron and jump teams. He deserves every minute of this punishment
Ken Ferriello::6:00 minutes left in the 3rd. Melo 11 shots only. I am sure he will hoist up another 11 before the end of the game((
Handy Nazer::close enough haha lol
Jason Peters::Knicks cant even win with A Davis out...
Ken Ferriello::You say whatever you want. When Marsh-Melo starts shooting better we will start winning more games, and not before. Melo takes 26 % of the Knicks shots and his poor shooting really hurts the team
Steven Rivera::When they take him out the team shooting % drops even more they actually get outscored by 10pts whenever Melo is on the Bench. seriously you act like Melo is on a team with legit championship stout players. The Knicks roster is a laughing stock and thats why the KNicks were projected to win 38-43 games this season by ESPN and it has nothing to do with Melo
Paul-Abraham Tarin::Steven Rivera a ride or die melo fan...
Steven Rivera::Paul-Abraham Tarin a ride or die Melo hater
Figaro Tsai::I suggest Woodson put Carmelo on the bench in the next game. Maybe he will discover the potential of his reseves. Otherwise, it won't take a long time to be fired by Knicks boss.
Gene Cirillo::Nuggets thank the worst franchise in NBA for a lottery pick!   1973!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gejsi Marku::This is the worst year to be a New Yorker.  Knicks, Jets, Nets, Giants, Yankees, Rangers.. can it get any worse?
Rudy Moliere::What about the Mets...? Oh yeah.
Gejsi Marku::Oh yeah how did I miss the Mets.. and all the "ets" of NY
James Ibarra::You forgot the Islanders who are even worse than the Rangers, unless you don't count Long Island teams.
Craig Meads::Does this mean I won't need to save money to buy NBA Championship gear for the Knicks?
James Ibarra::According to James Dolan, you'll need to save every red cent you make for this supposed championship run he expects.
Craig Meads::Yeah I heard that. I think when you get too much money one loses touch with what the real world is like.
Tom Totosz::Ny whole team loves to shoot and play zero defense. Straight garbage
Yinan Chen::Knicks fans are doomed to suffer for eternity.
Mitchell Smith::Ny garbage this year
Everett Thomas::Trade Melo now
Thomas George::Tim Hardaway Jr is more productive than Carmelo. Good Lord.....at least the Rangers aren't screwed in NY yet. Giants, Yanks and Knicks are pissing me off.
Steven Rivera::Lay off the pipe. Melo been averaging a double double almost every game and according to stats he's been out performing his entire team this season which means the players around him SUCK
Thomas George::Steven Rivera I've been watching him play for years, well before his days in NY and he had a better team in Denver and only got to the conference Finals once. Do you WATCH the Knicks? He's a ball stopper. He has to jack up 25 shots just to make 8 of them. I don't care who you are, if he wants to keep jacking up shots and not making half of them then it's not productive basketball. The cast isn't great nor is the coach, but he needs to stop trying to score and get the ball moving around. They're 3-13, at some point you have to say "Maybe he's just a scorer who's a ball hog that refuses to change his game." He better because it hasn't worked for 10 years now.
Steven Rivera::Thomas George Had a better team in Denver??? you mean that same team who only won 16 games the year before drafting him??? Melo himself turned that franchise around and got them to every playoff appereance ever since. The only time he had a good team in Denver was the 09 season and they lost to the Lakers who went on to win it all. Previous years those Nuggets were bottom seeds and lost to a much higher seeds during there playoff run, Teams like San Antonio, Lakers, Dallas, T-Wovles ( KG era )
Raffi Chaglassian::i haven't checked the line, but the knicks probably lose this one.  pelicans roster is very strong compared with teams we've already lost to.  unless jr smith's miracles start falling, i can't see the knicks pull this out.
Michael Brown::Want to hear another joke! Austin rivers was a lottery pick! Hell Knicks will trade melo for him nxt season to go along with all the suck butt choices team has made
Jason Peters::Seriously, If the Knicks cant win this 4th Qtr AT HOME, by at least 6 pts and take this game. They should just tank the season for Randle/Wiggins/Parker.
Marcos Kolioulis::you're a  moron their pick goes to denver
Greg Montalbano::Their #1 pick is starting at SF/PF.  Denver gets the pick - or Orlando depending on where NYK's pick is in relation to DEN's.  They can't tank.
Jason Peters::Marcos Kolioulis ....that's how IRRELEVANT the Knicks are. NO ONE outside Knicks fan care or know about the Knicks "draft situation" for 2014.  Maybe if the Knicks were relevant I, or anyone else outside being a Knick fan WOULD CARE.
Floyd Hicks::No reason to think anything will change with the Knicks, so yeah they should lose tonight too. On the other hand, if they can play some D and make buckets who knows.
