RabbiLevine::Miami doesn't want to play us in the 2nd round
01Bulls4life::From a Bulls Fan.. Pacers looking really good!  This team is on the right track!
DeerandBeer91::it will real nice of the pacers if they sit there starters for the bucks game..but thats not happening
yorklinks3::dwight is only staying with the magic cuz otis smith said if he didn't opt in they'd trade him to the lakers... lakers could of had cp3 and dwight... imagine that  http://bustasports.com/?p=1137
RabbiLevine::"Pacers still aren't a championship contender" - Mark Stein
newcaymanS::Imagine the Pacers with a legit and motivated Superstar... They are very deep.  Too bad the mentality of the NBA player can't fathom playing in Indy because of market size.  Funny how NFL superstars have no problem playing with small market teams.  Says something about the quality of product (or at least the quality of people participating in it)
Tom D1946::very deep matters during the regular season, not so much in the play-offs.
Blues71Devil::I am fine with the Pacers flying under the radar. We are a team of relatively unknown players that are flat GETTING IT DONE. The Eastern Conference is up for grabs in my opinion.
newcaymanS::I hope you are right... but I simply don't trust the NBA.  I still remember Larry Johnson, foul, dribble, dribble shoot, 4 point BS play in the 99 Eastern Conference finals.
milw-jay::Indiana is the best team in the NBA that no one talks about. Why is that?
Tom D1946::i agree the pacers are under the radar team, but i would put memphis ahead of then as far as being a play-off contender.
look2jesus::Why?
newcaymanS::Small market with no major superstar... this exposes the weakness of the NBA as a product.  Not the same culture in the NFL and guess who is #1 in America?  That's right, the NFL.
Joe Raygor::You have to love someone from Indiana University-Purdue University-Indianapolis...
jcmakesallthingsgood::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. Since following this system I have made over $3,000  a month for 2 months straight now. I found this system on the 1st page of Google by searching the words "sports betting system". Thought I would post this for anyone that is not winning or struggling to win your sports bets
JeremyAce4::Does this actually work?  Do people really sign up for these things based on comment board SPAM?  WTF?
Anthony Davis Brow ----v----::Psycho T!!!!!
your_a_scam::BUCKS OR PHILLY HURRY UP AND GET THE 7TH SEED  KNICK FAN
Latino_sportsguy::Knicks should keep that new coach they have. They're 14-5 under him
Latino_sportsguy::Dam 76ers are in tank mode and Knicks gave it to Boston tonight crazy day in sports
imsorry777::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
baja00::Should George Hill be the Starter for the Pacers? <a>Click Here</a> and tell me what you guys think! Be sure to look at the other posts like top ten Pacers. Read, React, and Comment. All NBA fans are welcome!
yorklinks2::van gundy was talking about how dwight wants him fired, and dwight comes and gives him a hug.... most awkward thing ever haha  http://bustasports.com/?p=1137 SO happy 76ers aren't this disfunctional
52goldfinger007::What did everyone think about the Sportsnation question: Can Kentucky, the NCAA championship team, beat the lowly Bobcats??
Phylidia Featherbottom::Let's have this conversation with a team that has actually gone undefeated in college first.
newcaymanS::Um no.  Only a fool would think a college team could beat a pro team in any sport.  Pros are made up of the best college players from all over, college teams are made up with 1 maybe 2 legit pros and a bunch of student athletes. SIZE, STRENGTH, SPEED and freakin PRIDE would motivate a Pro team to CRUSH the college team.  Bobcats 4-0 in a seven game series and quite easily.
milw-jay::yes. not in a seven game series, but they could steal a few games. Charlotte is epicly, historically awful.
JeremyAce4::No Way.
Travis61088::^ this
baja00::No way, those are full grown men. I know they suck in the NBA, but how many of those Kentucky kids are even going to start in the NBA? Two? Three at most! Anthony Davis is good, but it will take him awhile to get his feet wet.
imsorry777::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
zo2423::go pacers
13arodcano24::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPLcZ5Rk3Lg  ^ What's happening to the 76ers.
Copious_Fred::"The Pacers a better team than us, quick insult them about their farmland and incest." - Knicks fans
newcaymanS::Yeah, and there are no rural areas or farms in the state of NY outside of Manhattan... LOL, get real, ever been to Long Island???  Its the sticks and its right there.  People who talk like that are only showing their ignorance about the area and trying to cover up their insecurities about the quality of their professional team.  A better team by virtue of a larger population is not a right but hearing them talk you'd think it were so.
JeremyAce4::You know, because NY isn;t a $@%!$@%! or anything.
Bigmayne313::I remember at the beginning of the season, I was sayin that the Pacers would be trouble this year and everybody laughed now look at em gettin it done. Even though they arent my team I give the Pacers a lot of credit
JeremyAce4::No one laughed.  They were a playoff team this year and were on every "up and coming" list.
CrossCut49::Amen to that, people would make fun of me for saying the Pacers would be the #4 team in the East. I underestimated.
kvanderpool2::LOL not even 2000 comments and this game has playoff implications.. come over to the Knicks Celtics thread yall.. way more entertaining.
newcaymanS::Boston/New York boards eventually end up in a saux / yanks debate.
JeremyAce4::If you go to a Boston/NY board, you'll get taxed.
Copious_Fred::Why? To listen to a bunch of goons argue over which team is most overrated?
The Lakers are good at basketball::Pacers are good, it's a shame ESPN hasn't written a single word about them all year.
JeremyAce4::I just read a word about them on ESPN.
cyclonextrem::If the Bucks win out, they win the 8th spot in the playoffs.
raydeck15::"Knick's accept their first round series participation ribbons!"  Carmelo states "We're primed for a championship run but all we need are some players that don't care about stats, but all those guys are playing in Indiana and Oklahoma... Can we buy them??"
fightinillini32::hahaha look at the college bball headline "Kentucky starting five declares for draft"  haahah you will only see that with Kentucky.
pacerpride35::With the 3 seed all but wrapped with Boston's loss, it's time to tuck in my daughter. Go Pacers!
raydeck15::The Knicks suck, will always suck, and the only reason why the are talked about is because every other NBA headline on ESPN has to do with when the last time Amare or Carmelo wiped there butt.. face it.. in a few weeks the Knicks will be long gone and ESPN will be forced to write semi-knowledgeable articles about those boys from that farm land that everyone is so quick to insult..
raydeck15::Well when they lose in the first round, what are they going to talk about? "Will Starbury come back from Turkey to join Melo for a Championship run in 2013?!?" we can only hope... that would really add to the great basketball we see every night in the NBA..
pacerpride35::I hope they go into Miami and pull a first-round upset. I'd ten times rather hear about Melo's bathroom habits than LeBron's and DWade's.
fightinillini32::Dont know about you but I like to know when the last time Melo or Amare wiped their butt. hahah but yeah they're not going anywhere.
bigben7allday::If there's one thing I love it's Philly fans. I haven't heard anything but good game from them. I really hope Philly can have some more success soon
Jthizz69::I see Paul George made the stat-sheet his $@%!$ tonight.  Good work, young gun.
gfisher63::doug collins on the lost and the sixers playoff hopes http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZlkDAVusjA&amp;feature=channel&amp;list=UL
dannyginer1::dam it i was hoping that philly would win tonight and the knicks lose to the Celtics,this sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i want the heat to go against philly and the bulls to go against the knicks, i think if the knicks had 8th seed they would beat the bulls, they have matchup real good against them. Lets GO HEAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yea buddy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pacerpride35::My 7-year-old daughter points out that Danny Granger had 24 points tonight and is 11 for 15 from 3-point range the last two nights. She knows who's the best team in the NBA -- your Indiana Pacers!
Copious_Fred::and lakers, bulls, heat, celtics, clippers, mavericks, magic, hawks, etc. Dont overlook
Philadelphia_glory_2012::yeah...they must be good. I mean they beat the sixers!
pacerpride35::The girl's exceptionally bright, so I don't doubt her, and as she says about anyone who would gun down Danny, "Oh, they're gonna find out all about fist to mouth."
dannyginer1::there an alright team. 4 sure adding west to this team was a great move.Danny granger has to be the most underrated player in the NBA, hes a superstar in my option
pacerpride35::West and Hill are the huge difference between this year's team and last year's squad. West has brought a businesslike approach to the locker room.
fightinillini32::Your daughter is more knowledgeable than half of the goons that comment on these boards. But your'e going a little overboard calling them the best.
tatey1001::Well then she knows more then the average ESPN analyst...
SoFastSoNumb::Nice article AP.  The Pacers play their last four AT HOME!
purdueMAN33::I got some calculus to finish. Later everyone...and go Pacers!
z_man0789::nice pierce!
ColtsHoosiersPacersDude::alright now im gone forreal, got caught up chatting with people. good game every1 see all you pacers fans next game. im off to watch some glorious playoff hockey. hawks, yotes gettin chippy!
WeaponXDawkins03::IND won't go far, they'll be luck to win the 1st round. If they play BOS then they got NO SHOT
IUPUIJags10::The Pacers will hopefully get the short-handed Magic to deal with in the first round. Hibbert v D12 would be fun to watch, but I'd much rather see them without Dwight.
raydeck15::You don't deserve to have the user name referring to Brian Dawkins.. and by the way things are going the 6er's will be lucky to be in the playoffs, so why are you even trying to comment on what the Pacers will do in the playoffs?
im not gay but 5 bucks is 5 bucks::you ignant.. pacers wouldnt play boston till the ECF
SoFastSoNumb::Is WeaponXDawkins aka for "stupid"?
pacerpride35::The same Celtics who are losing at NY tonight? The same Celtics that Indiana has already beaten twice this season?
im not gay but 5 bucks is 5 bucks::gotta love the swagger that Hill brings to the starting lineup!
pacerpride35::Representing IUPUI proudly.
z_man0789::lol. kevin harlin's call: right between the eyes!
fightinillini32::Novak is the best 3 point shooter in the NBA. Its lights out when hes open.
purdueMAN33::Neutral fans on this board, sorry we got heated there. Back to talking about the Pacers haha
WeaponXDawkins03::PHI reaaaaally wants to play the Bulls since they are tanking it. But better watch out MIL doesn't sneak in
pacerpride35::Whenever the Bucks come to Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Thursday night, they'd better play like there's no tomorrow if they want to even sniff the playoffs.
Scary Poppins::I still call it Conseco! Can't get used to the new name!
purdueMAN33::I still can't call it Bankers Life.
pacerpride35::Two points: 1) Someone ought to cue Jackson Browne with the Celtics' new theme song, "The Pretender," and 2) New York and Orlando should thank the Pacers for personally taking care of Milwaukee and Philly.
indianaboy91::Illinois, IU, and Purdue fans getting along?!?!?!?!? THIS IS THE TWILIGHT ZONE
pacerpride35::Purdue's a rivalry? Wow, you learn something new every day on these boards.
purdueMAN33::Seriously dude?
ColtsHoosiersPacersDude::lol
purdueMAN33::Some moronic Hoosier fan tried to tell me UK is a bigger rival. Do they know basketball? Indiana-Purdue is pure hate, one of the top rivalries in the game historically.
indianaboy91::True but UK is close behind!
purdueMAN33::I think most IU fans will tell you that they hate Purdue more than anything.
indianaboy91::I love both rivalries, but im not sure I can rank one ahead of the other because theyre so different
pacerpride35::Of course.
purdueMAN33::I think its great that a lot of IU and Purdue fans can unite over the Pacers. It's bitter hatred otherwise of course.
indianaboy91::How tall is RJ?
purdueMAN33::Can't wait to see Ronnie Johnson and Yogi duke it out. They're both elite level PGs, don't let rankings fool you. RJ can ball.
indianaboy91::I think Davis is gonna be a heck of a player, but it seems like he needs to settle down some more
purdueMAN33::For sure. AJ Hammons will change the game for Painter's program, just wait.
indianaboy91::not gonna lie I hope we smack Purdue around next year :) but i do think we will both be top 4 B1G teams for the foreseeable future
purdueMAN33::Same. IU has the upper hand with what they have returning/coming in, but it will even out and be a battle of ranked teams for the long-term future after next year.
indianaboy91::Im ready for CBB season already!
ColtsHoosiersPacersDude::pacers unite us all :)
pacerpride35::In 49 other states ...
purdueMAN33::This.
purdueMAN33::I pointed that out earlier...except fightinillini is a Mizzou fan. If that makes sense.
indianaboy91::damn you ruined it! Although even getting 2 outta 3 is pretty good!
fightinillini32::HAHA Im gonna change my bros account name to something Mizzou and then he'll be ticked. hahah
indianaboy91::Love how the Pacers are getting no love nationally, I think we are more than capable of reaching the finals.
pacerpride35::We can beat the Spurs.
chadwilliams0312::I realistically could see the Pacers being a dark horse finals player, but then we would play the Spurs and get killed lol
Scary Poppins::I think if the Pacers could make it to the finals, they definitely get killed by SA or OKC or the Lakers. Can't count out the defending champs either. But I think Miami or New York will pose a problem for Indy.
DaKing0325__::U guys are tough but you'll get jerked by Miami and Chicago with the refs
fightinillini32::Yeah what a valid argument....
chadwilliams0312::Pacers are built to beat the Bulls, Miami has given them more problems.
fightinillini32::But yeah they should get some more recognition.
fightinillini32::Its gonna be reallly tough for you guys to beat either Chicago or Miami
indianaboy91::i think something will give, that team just doesnt seem to have "it" to me
fightinillini32::and unfortunately Miami will also...
indianaboy91::Id love it! I think we both will be battling for Division titles and championships for years
fightinillini32::No doubt a Indiana/Chicago series would be sweet.
indianaboy91::Yea but the rivalry with the Bulls means anything is possible and i like how we match up with Heat a lot.
Smelly A::who was the pacers player with that $@%!$@%! travel?
DaKing0325__::Lol Dahntay Jones
fightinillini32::Aint no thang but a chicken wang
1Dre8::If i ran the sixers i would tank for a chance at a high draft pick to take the team over the top
