TyrekeTheKing13::kobe is playing amazing its crazy to watch... he may be shooting a lot but his percentage isnt bad
soloboyd::I would not be happy if I was a Lakers fan, too much on one man's shoulders.
nba is the worst::So how many shots did Kobron take for the Cavs West last night?
rkini1::shooting 45.6%,  not bad. In fact, thats 1% higher than his career . The way people were calling him kobrink had me concerned.   Kobe &gt; Lebum James.
boom.shaka::Laker's streak at 5 Heat drop 3rd straight  You gotta love it
dbaerry::heat have looked abysmal these last three games. i think they just need to rest up
flopsisback::Kobe is inefficient? Kobe has the lowest percentage??? You can always tell the idiots around here...guys who will excuse Rose (.448), Melo (.439), Monta (.423), and slam Kobe for the same. Anyways, how about MATTY??? Damn, it's nice to see him going out there working!
TheTristanShow::Kobe had a fantastic game- don't get me wrong, but it was a bit of a turn off when the only player they showed on the ESPN highlights was him. The Cavs made a great run to win this game, and still... nothing.
KingGeorge53::Not a big deal in the least, but I'm wondering why the official scorers didn't give Kyrie a block on Gasol in the 1st half?      Gasol was going up for a 4 foot jump shot and being contested by, I believe it was Andy at the time from the front... and Kyrie doubled up and knocked the snot out from behind.     I'm guessing the block wasn't visible from the scorers table due to the angle of the block.    But it sure was fun to watch.
S0DA_POPINSKI::He was looking for "The Cavs made a good run to  COME CLOSE TO WINNING this game.... or good run to TRY and win the game..." It's clear to me the OP didn't think the cavs won the game lol. But Yeah, they tryed and didn't, Kobe scored 40, thats what they are going to show. The don't show the Home Run that could have won the game but went 3 feet coul very often either.
PACKERS-ARE-NUMERO-UNO::the cavs didnt win...
KingGeorge53::lol     I guess so.     And the Cavs did make some good runs at the Lakers in this game.    I thought in the first Q this was going to be another one of those 55 point diff games.      Kyrie kept coming at the Lakers.
PACKERS-ARE-NUMERO-UNO::I guess I got confused by "The Cavs made a great run to win this game"
KingGeorge53::he didn't write that.
KingGeorge53::That's okay.    After last year, it's good NOT to be noticed.
TheTristanShow::I'm a fan of not playing Kyrie like our top player right now actually. I still love watching Razor Ramon play at the point when he's playing his best. I'm hoping Ramon is OK coming off the bench in the future because if he is he's going to be someone worth hanging onto.
KingGeorge53::They will in time.     The job Tristan did against two 7 footers with rings was inspiring.    Kyrie simply didn't give up and IF Scott had played him like the top scoring threat (more time on the court), maybe the outcome is different.    Andy, I believe most fans of the game understands what he brings.    Nearly a double-double each night, high energy, causes the opposition to turn the ball over, gets under the skin of the opposition with his hustle and refuses to quit.
TheTristanShow::yeah... I just want to see Tristan, Kyrie, Andy, etc.  get the credit they deserve.
NYKod23::theres a reason we say "kobe" when we throw something
PACKERS-ARE-NUMERO-UNO::I say Nash every time...
Zhsg25::I think Kobe got tired of people saying he's old. He's lighting fools up now.
clam608::He's lighting up the league right now. Just wait when the Mavs come to LA, Kobe will put 70 on them, mark it down.
Mega_Tron4::lakers have better record than  the Heat!! hahahaha
S0DA_POPINSKI::Kobe is amazing. I hope he keeps it up and gets another MVP this year. Even if Lebroney has a little better stats Kobes should get it. Nash robbed him back a few years ago.
S0DA_POPINSKI::^^^^ and oh no!!!! I just fed the trolls &amp; laker haters a great line to overuse on internet message boards haha
S0DA_POPINSKI::No doubt. Duncon winning in '01 (i think it was '01) over Shaq was a joke too. The fact that Steve Nash has as many MVP's as Kobe and Shaq combined is a travesty.
deovion10103::robbed him twice
WHY_UMAD_BRUH::kobe = MVP
deovion10103::Shouldn't be much said after a Kobe led Lakers team won 2 chmpshps without Shaq
bleed purple and gold 32::how much does Vince Carter (Half Man / Half Retired) have left to contribute to the Mavs this year
S0DA_POPINSKI::Kobe
TheSportsDude2011::yea he is doing Ok, if I'm a GM..I wont draft any one from their family tree (Tmac &amp; Carter)
bleed purple and gold 32::hes actually played better this year than I expected he would
TheSportsDude2011::lol Half Man/Half Retired...
megadrewton5000::i wonder if kobe would be able to guard bret favre in football and if bret favre could guard kobe in basketball??????
TheSportsDude2011::lmao
ndorman21::i wonder if brett favre can still dress himself
TheSportsDude2011::Its its funny people talking about Kobe shooting the ball 30 times.... I would like to see how long it will take these ppl to score 40 points... prob 100 shots. with his back to the net and hands all over him...SMH.. Some players dont even want the ball.  Kobe was taking last game shots long time ago...(meaning he is not afraid of failure === A true leader)
convolutedthought::lol....he hasnt taken one game where he shot 40 times stop talking.....other than his 6/28 game he has been lights out with a 50&amp; fg....it must hte to see kobe dominate and watch your boy lebron fail again
clam608::I'd rather see Kobe shoot and miss than witness the self-proclaimed King afraid to touch the ball in the 4th.
S0DA_POPINSKI::40 shots? No like 30 shots and shooting 50%. Pretty preeetty pretty good. Add how do you count shots that result as FTs as shots?! OK, then LeBroney is shooting like 45% because he gets a $#%^ ton of FT's on shot attempts. Same thing with Durant, and Jordan, And Shaq, And Bird and pretty much any great player who has ever played the game. Kobe's top 5 dead or alive and you will miss him (hating on him) when he's gone.
Soy El Gran Solin::I just SMH and LOL at the same time, kind of weird, how do you do it?
808islandboi::BALL-AHOLIC is liking his own comments. SMH &amp; LOL
TheSportsDude2011::lol
TheSportsDude2011::Kobe is the best ball hog ever (5 Rings)
TheSportsDude2011::I dont know how far Kobe can take this team without feeding Pau and Bynum, we shall see. But I would like to see Kobe feed these 2 seven footers...
HDiaz91766::Bynum and gasol still get double figs you dumb $@%
Ball-aholic::Many. Kobrick leads the league in turnovers for 2 guards. You didn't seem to mention that. Kobrick is shooting less than 30% in the closing minutes, you seem to forget that too.  I and anyone who can play the game can score 40 on 40+ shots. I can sit at the free throw line with one hand and score 40. Don't be so star struck kid.
patel_anu::another idiot. Try shooting "40" shots while being double and triple teamed while usually being guarded by your opponents best player. Not going to happen. Look at Lebrick, as soon as hes double teamed, he passes the ball. How many times have you seen Lebrick shoot the ball while double teamed? Only reason Lebrick has a better shooting percentage is because hes a beast and can drive to the basket.
S0DA_POPINSKI::Kobe is top 5 ever in the history of the game.
AxeGrinder310::Bwahahahahaha! Sure you can score 40+ on 40 shots. Sure, buddy...
thelizrdking1971::and Kobe wasn't even good enough to start his first 2yrs
TheSportsDude2011::Sheesh...Soo many first round picks dont even play for 4 years...
TheSportsDude2011::yes sir!
tc187::I want to see you get 40 shots off in an nba game and shoot higher than 25% oh thats right you were never good enough to make it to the pros, lay off the crack kid
TheSportsDude2011::Durant? Lebron? Dwade? Rose?  What I see so far is the bigs are efficient...Bynum &amp; Pau...But Kobe is proving that he is still the leader, so the offense will not go thru these these big dudes.
Ingeniously Colossal::Come on dude, everyone knows Kobe takes a lot of shots, hence the nickname ball hog. He has the lowest %, he's just getting points by being the only person who shoots for the team.  Everyone wants to hate on LeBron, but funny how Kobe still airballs last second shots or gets blocked. If that was LeBron, you'd never hear the end of it.
patel_anu::LOL....I know you just didnt compare Kobe and Lebrick to 4th quarters. Lebrick does brick a lot of his last minute shots. In fact, he bricks a lot of his jumpers.
AxeGrinder310::Lebron is too chicken $@%! to take the last shot.
TheSportsDude2011::how many players are efficient?
Ball-aholic::Actually, Kobrick is taking 40+ to score 40 points when you factor in shot attempts resulting in a foul which don't count statistically.   Not efficient at all. Just the truth.
AxeGrinder310::Efficient enough to have won 5 rings.  Kobe System can't be stopped.
24Erick24::Not a Laker fan but it's goodto see 'Tall for Nothing (Bynum)" is molding into a NBA player.  Still can't stand Kobe but he is amazing and is showing his leadership and toughness.
TheSportsDude2011::WOW!!!! D Fish 15th 10 assist game.... I guess its because he got Kobe doing the passing
GoPats626::As a Cavs fan I don't really care if we lose a bunch of games this year. Kyrie looks like he's going to be the stud we've been missing  and if we get another top 5 pick we should be set to contend for many years to come.
Art_Lucy::Kobe's work ethic and killer instinct = amazing  LeBron's work ethic = quit when things are tough and cry in the toilet
TheSportsDude2011::Bleed, thats what I think should happen, I think Bosh should go, (good I'm not the GM)
bleed purple and gold 32::how much better would they be if they traded one of the big three for a premier center or PG?
24Erick24::Seems like being the Big 3 for three quarters just doesn't cut it.
TheSportsDude2011::I dont think these big three is working together, they are all in their primes I think thats the problem. When Wade and James were out..Bosh scored 30
CosmoKramer1444::The Lakers need to go after Goran Dragic. He's more than capable of starting at PG. Remember him scoring 23 in the 4th quarter against the Spurs in the playoffs? He'd be perfect for LAL.
playsumD::I have always believed Dragic is one of the most underrated player in the NBA. He sure caught my attention when he gave the Lakers trouble when he was still playing for the suns a couple of years  back. He's a tough player and can penetrate.
CosmoKramer1444::15 points and 9.5 assists.
CosmoKramer1444::Look up his stats when Lowry was out.
TheSportsDude2011::One game is not enough IMO
TheSportsDude2011::Coach Carl of Dever should be coach of the year.
CosmoKramer1444::Was Metta hurt?
CosmoKramer1444::Hopefully he gets healthy but it shouldn't be rushed. SF is the one position LAL has depth at.
TheSportsDude2011::prob small injury
TheSportsDude2011::yea
durantfolife35::Dropped 40 points the last three games.  Look at who hes playing? And they still barely won those games. Not saying hes a bad player.  But ease up on the riding.
-whoa-::utah has a good record and a good team as a whole and we took em down twice
S0DA_POPINSKI::He's 33 with a torn tendon in his SHOOTING wrist. Scoring 40 points in one NBA game. 3 times in a row. This is history in the making, I don't care who he's playing.
CosmoKramer1444::Could you drop 40?
TheSportsDude2011::lol..he is playing NBA players
Lakermagicshowtime::Kobe still lead the team in assist and its ranked 20 on the league on assists, so how you explain that?thanks for playing
TheSportsDude2011::Pau is not going anywhere (I think)
TheSportsDude2011::Wow! it looks like D. Howard will end up in LA... Good for Kobe he is showing Howard he can still play...And good for the Lakers Bynum is healthy...(He is good to go for a trade to Orlando).  Lakers will win this year if Howard go to LA.
TheSportsDude2011::Next year is too far...NOW! is the Time
Lakermagicshowtime::If we gave both Pau and Bynum the Lakers WILL not win this year,but next season im pretty sure they will be unstoppable
TheSportsDude2011::He need to more rings to beat MJ
thelizrdking1971::he needs a lot more than that to beat MJ
thelizrdking1971::geeeez...how much help does Kobe need??
thelizrdking1971::Kobe 13 seasons playing with all NBA players......LeBron 1 season. And after the 3 Kobe didn't have those caliber type players...he cried to the media for a trade.  Great teammate...LOL
tc187::thats still less help than Lebroze and Co. $@%!$@%
K0B3 BRY4NT::I'm good
inquisitiveman::Here is another scenario that benefits both teams:  Rockets get: Pau Lakers get : Dragic(pt. guard), Scola(PF), Hill(PF)
playsumD::That's crazy talk!  Regards, Rockets GM
Lakermagicshowtime::I like that one better i always have think  very high about Scola but its too much for the Rockets to give up
inquisitiveman::Best trade scenario that will benefit all teams:  Rockets gets : Pau Lakers get : D12, Dragic, Hill, Nelson Orlando gets: Bynum,Martin, Lee,  Budinger, Scola, Morris, 2 1st round picks
Lakermagicshowtime::BC its better than getting nothing
LightSpeed1000::why would magic want all those scrubs
Lakermagicshowtime::My thinking is been that we should ride this team as long as we can this season and try to get Deron next season. If the Lakers trade for Howard we must keep Pau
chawps::Bynum and Pau aren't going anywhere. We need a PG not another center.
inquisitiveman::lakers aren't getting a good pt. guard unless they trade pau to get one....otherwise, the mediocre pt. guards are the only ones that are being offered....you're right about bynum though, Jim Buss will never trade Bynum since he drafted that kid...
erikthe10man::Good trade - it'll never happen.....
SCFan226::Lakers managment need to get Kobe more help otherwise it's a waste of season that Kobe can still be affective.
mike etheridge::kobrick has 5 count em 5 rings
Ball-aholic::Haaaa! Kobrick has help. He refuses to use it. Stop making excuses for a dude who's allergic to passing the rock.  I swear, if Kobrick ran over your mom, you blame your mom for trying to cross the street while Kobrick was driving. Some of you fools need help.
Lakermagicshowtime::and Kobe still lead the team in assist and its ranked 20 on the league on assists, so how you explain that?thanks for playing
chompah99::Lebron used his help real well last year.
SCFan226::Bynum hasn't done anything yet. He'll probably get hurt again this season.
SCFan226::If they don't make a move soon it's a waste of a productive kobe bryant season. He can't score 40 every night, eventually he's gonna need some help.
mike etheridge::D12 THE HACK A SHAQ NO THX DOG IM GOOD WITH BYNUM NEED A pg DWILL WIL WORK
inquisitiveman::agree, i think the lakers are fooling themselves thinking this current roster is gonna come out of the west....brown is good, but he can't win the west with this roster...guaranteed
inquisitiveman::he is on espn right now!
mike etheridge::ima send this to kobe lol he luvs hearin that
mike etheridge::thats why kobes going off hes like AIGHT ima still BALL OUT
SCFan226::Mitch hasn't gotten us anything yet. He almost had CP3 but he didn't want to give more. Hopefully he can get Dwight.
Lakermagicshowtime::Didt want to give more?how about breaking up our frontline that wasnt enough?
chompah99::Wrong. Mitch had CP3. Was willing to give too much. Stern said "I vowed never to let anything happen in the NBA without making a mess of it", and so he did.
mike etheridge::mitch got cp3 to handle rock LEAGUE took him away WE did what was needed them BUMS took it from us
RonTuna::KOBE IS THE REAL DEAL, UNLIKE LEFOOL THE SO CALLED KING OF DUNG OR WHATEVER IT IS LATELY??
rbnumber39::lebron isn't even close to playing how people say he does...  never has, never will...all hype, no rings
chompah99::Best complete player until there is 2 minutes left?
Ball-aholic::You need to tame your jealousy of LeBron. Best complete player in the game. He's not a shooting guard so your comparison is ignorant.
dontgititwisted1@aol.com::and you need to tame your fascination with lebron entirely... any player that doesn't play a complete game doesn't deserve to be called a complete player... i hate lebron apologists...
chawps::That's the first time I have ever heard anyone say Lebron is the most "complete" player in the game. Keep smoking that rope-a-dope.
erikthe10man::Until Kobe retires, NOBODY other than Kobe should be mentioned as "The Best Player in the League". Not LeBroke, not Durant - NOBODY.
Ball-aholic::Sure you won't read it, unless it says, "Kobrick just tied his shoes" ... the floor beneath you must be wet right now. Don't worry, Kobrick appreciated your love. Good job!
Ball-aholic::Yup warm up. Leading the league in everything he could was warm up. Being the best that ever laced them up came when he began to trust his teammates. Too bad he retired, he would have had 8 in a row. Wow.  Best ever? Haaaa! You mean they played with the best most efficient to ever play the 2 spot.  Yup, as soon as Kobrick got a skilled front court who could clean up his turnovers and gambling defense, they won. Crazy coincidence.
chompah99::Hey, if you believe everything you are writing I have some other great works of non-fiction you might like. Everything written by the Grimm brothers and the Catholic Bible. But all jokes aside, and you are a great one, I'm going to go take care of some stuff. Since I know you are the type who likes to get the last word, don't bother. I won't read what you write in response. But hey, maybe you can wow me with stupidity the next time I see you on here. We can have an argument where you keep changing the rules, make a lot of stuff up, use an argument and then tell me I can't use the same one.
Ball-aholic::MJ first 7 were warm up. You know, Leading the league in everything was just par the course for a guy who came into the league as a beast dropping 30 a night on the best talent the league has ever had.  The titles came as a result of MJ TRUSTING his teammates. Interesting concept huh? Trust guys to make shots. The Bulls won because everyone trusted eachother, point blank.  If MJ had 2 seven footers, they'd have one 10 titles. Come on kid, you're boring me.
chompah99::Wow, what a homer. Your answer is that MJs first 7 were a warm up so we don't count them. I might be boring you but you have me rolling on the floor laughing. Seeing you grasp at straws is going to give me an ulcer from laughing too hard. MJ had some of the best players on his team. Horace Grant? Kukoc? Rodman? Pippen? That second stint was one of the best teams ever. Oh, and you do know that as soon as Kobe had 2 7 footers on his team he won 2 Championships and went to 3, right? Gasol didn't get drafted by the Lakers. Oh, and if you are going to call me a Kid, at least learn the difference between one and won.
Ball-aholic::MJ NEVER had a dominate or skilled big man in the middle and he was still a beast. Retiring in his prime and coming back to win 3 more. Don't venture into MJ, you'll embarrass yourself even more.
tc187::MJ won with Pippen on his side, Widely regarded as the best wing defender of all time, He proved just how good he was when Jordan was playing ball, Pippen went to the playoff without MJ. Don't forget he also had Dennis I can shut down and outrebound any big man in the game including shaq.  Jordan also had paxton and kerr two of the greatest 3 point shooters ever, so In total MJ had 2 other hall of fame players and a hall of fame coach and some of the best roleplayers the game has ever seen.. Eat crow buddy
chompah99::So MJ won when he had a team of B players (same as Kobe Bryant after Shaq)? Or do MJs first 7 years in the league without Pippen not count. Im just checking here so I know what your rules of arguing are. And MJ had the best rebounder of all time and a top 5 SF of all time. Plus some of the best role players. Oh, and stop drinking the Koolaid. Horace Grant might not have been the best, but he was definitely a skilled big man.
Ball-aholic::And? all NBA professionals. Don't start the excuse parade now. Kobrick is supposed to be the best. That same team went to the playoffs and was up 3 games to 1 against the Suns who are allergic to defense. Why couldn't Kobrick close out the Suns? Just win ONE GAME?!?!?
chompah99::Actually, Kobrick is not the best. MJ was the best. And MJ didn't do $@%! with a cast equal to that one I just mentioned. He needed Pippen.
Ball-aholic::If I remember correctly, Kobrick had the Fakers to himself after Shaq left. How well did he do? remind me please..
chompah99::Smush Parker, Luke Walton, Kwame Brown, Radmonovic was the rest of the starting lineup.
Ball-aholic::The Diesel is the CENTRAL reason for the first 3 titles which is why he was the MVP walking away. Man, the truth just keeps on finding it's way to the top huh?
Ball-aholic::6 for 24 in game 7 of the finals. Gasoft &amp; Artest is the reason they won. Go ahead, I dare you to give someone else credit for saving the Fakers from losing to the Celtics?!?  Be careful, speaking badly about the love of your life may be difficult..
Ball-aholic::It helps to comprehend the words. The first sentence is the answer. The second sentence is me offering my help. You seem to get riled up fairly easily. I can't help getting in your head, that's your fault.
chompah99::Oh wow, that line at the end keeps angering me. I'm real worked up. I just beat my dog and smacked my girlfriend because of you. Grrr, Im shaking with anger. Please dodge my questions with some opinion again.
Ball-aholic::Does the NBA promote teams or Players? Conspiracies are supposed to be a secret. The NBA makes NO secret of who they want you to support.   Calm down kid. I keep telling you that anger is bad for your health.
chompah99::Yup. Same reason Shaq got all three of those MVPs. Claiming conspiracy as evidence, with no actual evidence, isn't evidence of anything except for you hating Kobe Bryant. Good job losing that one boy. Come again when you need a refresher course. I'll give you the next one for a discount.
Ball-aholic::The NBA if you haven't noticed is star driven. Creating stars and maintaining stars is how they sell tickets and drive up revenue. Who's the better sell, a wannabe MJ clone or a the biggest guy in the game who's career is on the downside?
chompah99::So you're saying.... my argument is invalid because they gave Shaq the MVPs, even though Kobe definitely deserved one for closing out a lot of those games that one year. Yet your argument is validated, even though Kobe got the MVPs that mean everything to you, because it is a world wide Kobe conspiracy? You see how your entire reason there is an opinion.
Ball-aholic::Same reason why no one talks about why Kobrick takes 40 shots a game or leads the league in turnovers for 2 guards. That's not the script bottom feeders want to hear. The fact that Gasoft is the most efficient Faker for 3 years running has NEVER been a lead story anywhere but, it's a fact. Care to dispute it?
chompah99::Why didn't Gasol or Artest win the MVP then? Give me something lame like it was media driven for Kobe. I'll answer to you: It was media driven for Shaq.
Ball-aholic::There's that insecurity again. Control that anger. Seriously, it's bad for your health.
Ball-aholic::Why didn't Kobrick win at least 1 of those MVPs. then? I wonder if Shaq's 35 and 15 had anything to do with their decision to award him MOST VALUABLE WHEN IT COUNTS on 3 occassions?...
chompah99::Yeah, no one can talk about Lebron. Ball-aholic doesn't let that happen when his mouth is filled with Lebron jrs.
Ball-aholic::There's that insecurity again. Making you mad huh? Lebron? You need to stay focused Love child. The conversation is about Kobrick. Don't let the fact that the truth is making you punch your keys harder distract you form the facts.  LeBron is for another discussion kid. Stick with me. Try again
chompah99::Oh, okay. Go with that one. So since Shaq rode the pine during the 4th quarter of many of those playoff games and Kobe closed in the 4th, Kobe deserves all the credit for those? Sounds good. Gasoft and Artest get credit for the entire season, and playoff run where they won that year. Kobe gets it for the others? Right?
chawps::If you actually watched the game, Kobe was playing clutch defense and made some critical rebounds in that game. He missed some shots, sure. But he NEVER QUIT.  Lebron quits all the time. He still thinks basketball should be as easy as video games.
chompah99::Well? I'd love to hear your explanation of how a bench player being on three Championship teams somehow equates to the #1 or #2 being the central reason for their team winning three Championships. Come on buddy. Keep dodging it. I'll let you know when the Wambulance arrives.
Ball-aholic::Common sense tells me that RINGS aren't the measure of judging individual talent. Now you seem to be moving in the right direction.  So when you say, Kobrick has 5 rings - I say - so what. I'm speaking on individual basketball talent and performance.  I dig the insecurity &amp; need to bring it up as if it somehow changes the facts. It don't work though. You can keep trying.  Kobrick leads the league in turnovers for 2 guards, he's not efficient and he's not the best scorer. Swallow some truth about your love.
Jmtb400::Are you an idiot? This is Kobe in decline still putting up big numbers. Go look at MJs last few years....(not saying Kobe is better then MJ)
Ball-aholic::The post says he's the best player. You felt compelled in your man love to defend a dude you don't know and can't judge critically because  of your infatuation. So, since you decided to step in, I had to slap you with common sense and logic.  Sorry if the truth hits you like Mike Tyson. I tend to do that from time to time.
chompah99::So common sense tells you that a bench player on  Championships team contributes as much as the #1 guy? Sound logic, Watson. In fact, I've already witnessed half a dozen times where you said stupid stuff and then just stopped answering when someone shut you down. That isn't winning. That is pulling a Lebron and running when you know you can't win.
chompah99::Prepared? You're the guy who wants to act like a bench player on a Championship team did as much as the #1 or #2 to win that Championship.
Ball-aholic::He's not the best scorer but I understand how desperate fans are when they don't understand something. Go with the only thing you know.  Luke Walton has 2 rings and Luke is garbage. Fact. What's the real point. Luke is STILL GARBAGE. The fact that he has two rings doesn't NEGATE the fact that he's garbage.  I don't have the time to educate you. You need to come prepared.
chompah99::I said he was the best scorer? No. You're the gnome that wants to compare Kobe to MJ or someone that doesn't even play his position and has faded and ran from taking critical shots in big moments. I would rather have Kobe shoot and miss, then Lebron chuck it at a teammates face when he has an open shot and time is almost up.
Ball-aholic::Nice comeback! Next time - bring some facts to the party.
chompah99::5 rings isn't a fact? Someone call the Wambulance for this guy.
Ball-aholic::Being on a TEAM that won the championship. Your comment was about the best player. This ain't rocket science. You one trick pony nut riders can't even discuss basketball in broader terms or concepts because you're afraid of the truth.  If the comment is about a PLAYER then my response is about the ability of the PLAYER. Unlike you clowns, I understood hoop. Kobrick doesn't have 5 rings by himself because hoop is a TEAM sport.   Try to follow the discussion and let go of your insecurity. Kobrick scores because he takes 40 shots. That ain't efficient and he's not the best scorer. He's actually terrible with the ball leading the league in turnovers for 2 guards. In the closing minutes of games, just this year, he's shooting 30%.   Just facts clown.
chompah99::Actually, all I hear from you is, "Waaaah, I hate Kobe." You don't seem to know jack.
Ball-aholic::Teams win rings clown. Devean George has 3 rings. what's your point?  Melo is a better scorer. Get over your insecurity.
chompah99::I seem to remember Melo's team losing to the Lakers, (who, according to you, are only one selfish Kobrick).
chompah99::Devean George has 3 rings as what? 1st option? 2nd? 3rd? or Bench?
Ball-aholic::Kobrick is a scorer so if that's what you mean, it's still not open and shut. He's a volume scorer. His last 3 games have been an anomoly (because fouls don't count as shot attempts).   Durant and Melo are much more fluid and score easily. Kobrick routinely takes poor shots but makes up the difference at the free throw line. If you actually understood what you were watching, you'd know that your comment is filled with "man crush" and little basketball knowledge.
Lakermagicshowtime::An ANOMALY?????REALLY??? you must be watching the league since last season this is not the biggest scoring tear of his career, he have done this multiple times and he had one in which he avg 53 ppg on a 4 game span so get that crap out of here.
Ball-aholic::MJ shot over 50% from the field 6 times in a 14 year career. Kobrick ever shoot 50% ONCE?  Try studying harder.
erikthe10man::@ Ball-aholic - if you EVER watched the Bulls during the 90s, there was NO GREATER BALL HOG than Michael Jeffrey Jordan - and this is COMING FROM a die hard Bulls fan! If you look back at most of the late MJ box scores pre-Wizards, Mike got a TON of points from the free throw line. Durant and Melo are ineffective if they can't get to the line - that's what all great scorers do!  Way to show your uneducated Haterade, Balls-aholic.
chompah99::Kobrick has 5 Championships. Melo has?
inquisitiveman::we'll know how kobe measures up when the lakers play the heat next week....wanna see the h2h matchup with wade
erikthe10man::Who shivs a git about what "ESPN ranked" Bryant at?!? As long as Bryant has more titles, Kobe can get ranked #436 by EPSN and still be the #1 dude of this era.
chompah99::I want to see if Wade can make it through a full game.
inquisitiveman::i wanna see if kobe can get 40pts on wade....if he does, then he should be ranked #1 by ESPN, if not, ESPN ranked him correctly.
erikthe10man::Wade and the Miami Sweet only have ONE championship. Kobe has 5. When Wade and his two little sisters get 3 or 4 more, then we'll talk about "measuring up"...
Los Lakers 4 da win::how about rose- just kidding :)
UncleSmurph24::kobe for mvp
LightSpeed1000::where were you the night MJ scored 63 points?
Lakermagicshowtime::where were you when the Lakers put an end to the Celtics "big 3" era on 2010?
RonTuna::Against WHO though, one of those other eastern division doormat teams?
erikthe10man::Where were you the night when Wilt scored 100?  I'm sick of these MJ vs Kobe comments. BOTH are the best of their times - let this sick dog of an argument die.
inquisitiveman::human nature survival of the fittest....just ask Shaq
RonTuna::EXACTLY.....the Bulls fans are just disgruntled Cubbie and Bears fans who's teams can't win squat.
bahkey::When Wilt was 7' 1" 275 lbs. and his opponent at center was  6'6"  -  6' 8" ?
Los Lakers 4 da win::where were u the nigt kobe scored 81
inquisitiveman::taking a dump
Los Lakers 4 da win::where were you when kobe won the next 2 years
LightSpeed1000::where were you when pierce obliterated the lakers in 2008?
nba is the worst::It used to be "SHOWTIME".  Now it's "Mike Brown's Cavs West"...
RonTuna::OH YEAH....WAIT AND SEE.....Lakers are just getting gelled in the new program bonehead
EJAWS008::Wrong, it's Mr Potatohead's team. Mike Brown is a solid defensive coach, but not head coach.
KobeethaMVP24::As of  today the Lakers have a better record than bandwagon media darlings Miami and the Clippers.  Lakers 9-4 Cheat 8-4 Slippers 5-3 (soon to be 5-4)
RonTuna::Lakers will stretch it out too, while LeFool spends the whole season trying to chase Kobe,  instead of playing TEAM, while the Heat go down in flames like the Hindenberg!!!
stellablue2131::It took an especially noteworthy night from Kobe, who has many- i'll admit, to beat the young cavs.
chompah99::That is a sad statement of the NBA. What other Sport can you be a playoff team but not a title contender?
EJAWS008::The Lakers are a playoff quality team, but not a title contender.
chawps::The Heat are are a playoff-quality team too. Once they get a legitimate #1 on their team, maybe they'll have a chance of winning a title.
RonTuna::and YOU'RE ON DRUGS EJAW...more like RACHETJAW
inquisitiveman::it wouldn't surprise me if the clippers win the Pacific division though
inquisitiveman::expect the clippers to make it a track meet tonite....
Lakermagicshowtime::If they win the Pacific i would love to see that little division banner get noticed between all those championship ones.Would they even dare to hang that insignificant thing up?The Lakers use those to cover their cars
Los Lakers 4 da win::i meant the Clips
Los Lakers 4 da win::it wouldnt surprise me is they lost tonight
inquisitiveman::true about the lakers , they did play last nite, so their legs are tired.
ForceofTheNorth::Imagine if Kobe could average 30, win MVP, and somehow will the Lakers to a title and get his 6th ring.  In my opinion, it'd be his single greatest accomplishment and one of the best of all time, if not the best...
Lakermagicshowtime::Why in the hell the LAkers would trade Pau for Monta Ellis?it could happen but the Warriors would have to give more than just Monta you cant be serious.
bb2philly::monta would give the lakers a good scorer and and defender at the point guard spot. good trade imo.
inquisitiveman::yeah....warriors will give lakers dorrell wright too.
inquisitiveman::not with that team he won't.....better off trading Bynum and Pau for D12  or Pau for Monta Ellis....otherwise this current roster is just mediocre
BakoCowboys::This is all most the same team that won two championships dude how is this roster mediocore? This roster is minus LO thats it pretty much they have good players that are picking up the slack for Brown who wasn't such a loss at all.
Lakermagicshowtime::Well it would rank up pretty high up there especially with this roster.
ForceofTheNorth::No doubt.
jonnyd_94::I don't know about the best, but it would certainly shut the Kobe haters up forever, which would be well worth it
Lakermagicshowtime::The bench was an embarrassment last night Kobe himself have said the bench need to step up, Kobe and the rest of the starters should not had to play in the 4th at all, i never seen a Lakers bench play so pathetic before lat night
BakoCowboys::Then you don't know the Lakers very well. Even back in the Shaq days they gave up big leads and that lead to some crazy playoff games.
Lakermagicshowtime::Of course i take the "W" but there are not going to be a lot of "W" if Kobe have to play 41 minutes a night and score 40 every time to get a "W". You cant win much with your bench scoring 4 f u c k i n g points.
inquisitiveman::that is the style of Brown....he played Lebron alot of minutes with the Cavs, so this will be no different...he is gonna burn out Kobe when the season ends.
Qzhoopin72::Meanwhile, I'll take the "W"!!! It ain't gonna be perfect every time.
jonnyd_94::not a lot of LeBron trolls, wonder why?
Lakermagicshowtime::Those are Queen's homers every one else knows better. ITS SETTLED MOVING ON...
erie689::Go back about 2 or 3 pages.  Kobe/Lebron dominated the entire conversation.  You'd have thought this was a Lakers/Heat conversation page.
Lakermagicshowtime::I think that "debate" was settled in 2010, Kobe won it crushingly and its not even a competition now
kriedel10::no answer, that's what I thought
ForceofTheNorth::lol
kriedel10::yeah, what about it....you must think highly of LeBron since you even bring him up and make comparisons.  if he sucks then why would you even waste your time talking about him??
McBROsef::dude you totally missed what he said lol
ForceofTheNorth::Right now, Kobe is clearly better than Lebron.  He always has been.
kriedel10::I'd say probably bc this is the Cavs/Lakers game  conversation page not Miami...wtf are you talking about
jonnyd_94::everytime Kobe has a huge game and wins, people start the "LeBron is better" conversations and distract from Kobe's performance...you seriously don't know what i'm talking about?  do you ever come on these boards???
101BobBarker101::I am shocked that the Cavs turned their franchise around so quickly after LeBron
EJAWS008::Let's not call it a turnaround just yet. They are young and pretty exciting, but are a few pieces away.I have been a Cavs' fan for over 30 years and I don't want to declare them anything above average. I do like Coach Scott and our young players a lot, though. This team is being built right, which it never was around LeBron.
ForceofTheNorth::I'll watch Kobe ANYDAY over Lebron.
Lakermagicshowtime::Same number of titles before Lebron
ForceofTheNorth::The Cavs have as many titles as Miami since Lebron left.
dmvsports82::doesn't matter anyway, my Wizards are going all the way baby
101BobBarker101::all the way to the lottery lol
ic0n2900::That severely injured wrist on his shooting hand? It's starting to heal.....the media exaggerates all of kobe's injuries with his help. severely injured to me would require him to have had a knife go half way through it, or at least a cast.
Lakermagicshowtime::They do but if you keep using it not so fast
ForceofTheNorth::Hey Op, have you ever seen how swollen his wrist looks after that game or even how swollen they say it is after games?
ForceofTheNorth::Right, but he hasn't given it any time to heal.  I think the healing time generally factors in resting and not using it much, which Kobe is clearly not doing. He's playing big minutes every night.
nba is the worst::Torn ligaments do heal, right?
mike etheridge::breasts
mike etheridge::the real superman plays in purple &amp; gold not  blue n white lol kobe plays thru it all bro but this is LA everything gets blown out of proportions especially $@%!$
mike etheridge::out here in LA they have a DR on the max &amp; marcellus show espn radio who said for a fact KOBE IS A WARRIOR MOST PEOPLE WUD HAVE SURGERY SO dont hate
_mongo_slade_::Gonna be tough for the Lakers' second unit without Blake. Morris &amp; Goudelock were clueless out there on offense.
Lakermagicshowtime::What these guys need is to slow down and stop getting to the middle of the paint before trying to pass and keep letting themselves be trapped, they need to learn to be steady and stop trying to look for their shots first they are not there for that. At least Blake is steady the rookies?not at all
_mongo_slade_::What these guys need is PRACTICE. That was an ugly lineup out there &amp; Pau wasn't helping. Usually Brown leaves Bynum out there with the bench. Still trying to figure out the rotation...
mike etheridge::nunya on point with experience factor in this short season with games so close together
mike etheridge::blake was playin well fish shud get sum more minutes he will come thru morris just needs to go to hole hes outa control but he cud get to line a few times hes aggresive
nunya2414::I agree, but letting them get some experience might help us in the long run. We should have MWP and McBob back  to help out more now though.
mike etheridge::cp3 is gunna get his wanna see bynum stop Dj from dunkin on us all nite &amp; metta D up on blake keep him resonable mayb 20-10 we got this D up lake show
mike etheridge::chalk that up to u livin in cleveland dog
thectownbrown16::HUH?! LOL
Derek32421::You lakers fans are sooo lucky! If ky ky wouldve just gotten 5 more minutes of playing time over that bum sessions it wouldve been game over for you guys
erie689::There are always excuses.  The Cavs have been on the road for the last ten days, played a game the night before in Phoenix, have played the previous 5 games away, 8 out of  the first 11 games this season has been away games...we can go on and on.  Most of the players on this team were rookies last year when the Cavs played in LA, so of course the game reflected that.  By February, they were a little better and won in Cleveland.  This season, they have even more experience and are much better than last season.  LA won last night in a good game.  No excuses.
nunya2414::You Cavs fans are so lucky. If the shorthanded Lakers didn't have Ebanks, Goudelock, and Morris on the floor at the same time they would've been blown out by like 30
KobeethaMVP24::Ky Ky is the gayest nickname I've ever heard.
KobeethaMVP24::Mathieu makes it look hard
milnacma::gayest basketball nickname.  Honey Badger is the gayest of all time, any sport
thectownbrown16::i love it when i am able to fill in the ___________
nunya2414::LeBron's hairline?
milnacma::vag?
thectownbrown16::DAMNIT!!!
