oblique15::Thunder Should have traded Westbrook and keep Harden hes a better all around player and team players. Hes proving he could put up big points but had no problem coming off the bench when he was with the Thunder.
TiagoLebron::No, Westbrook wasthe fator that keep OKC in the games against Miami.  Harden disapeared  People Always will blame westbrook, even if Durant had a poor boarding 3- assists 3- turnovers 3.   Without Westbrook, and with Harden, OKC would barely make 2 round.
_I Am A Celtic_::I gotta bounce.  Lotta hard work to become the next Greg Plitt  Good seeing you again JD
Jdzspace::And Rondo didn't run Judas out of town. He a lying two faced snake. Who pretended to beaall about team and who said he wanted to retire a Celtic.but in the end wanted more shots and more minutes. Rondo had nothing to do with that lying $@%!$ turning tail on his team and city like he did
Jdzspace::What in the blue hell is a Greg plitt?
Jdzspace::Pass
_I Am A Celtic_::Youtube him and you can thank me later
Nebula29x::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJKq1HMzZtk
_I Am A Celtic_::Nice to see that Rondo no longer leads the NBA in minutes.  Also, he's second in double-doubles
Excelscior1::I did not see the game the way you did. And apparently, no other Celtics fan did either. And I don't feel you watched the game, the same way you ran your mouth about the Net one (like you knew and watch it), but obviously didn't.   OKC never tied the game. And I guess you conveniently missed the turn overs, missed shots and broken plays Westbrook had, which cost them the game as they tried to comeback (as I'm sure you missed the tight, trapping interior and exterior D OKC played on Rondo when he got by Westbrook numerous times as well). You're talking nonsense again. Spare us.   I thought Rondo controlled the game beautifully (especially the way OKC played him). I would have liked him to shoot more jumpers. But too many times when he beat Westbrook off the dribble, he was met by other OKC players. So guess what, he passed for baskets/assist. Can you really be so blind (especially after 3 alleged viewings)? LOL
Jdzspace::And Nebs, his defense  was ok but against Westbrook he couldn't stop him. Until KG was in the paint Westbrook got to the rim at will. That is Rondo failing to stop him
Jdzspace::Again, I don't care what Rondo did on offense. It's irrelevant. I counted 5 times when Westbrook out and out beat Rondo off the dribble and got to the rim with ease. Whenever KG wasn't on the floor and Rondo was, he took it to the rim with ease. That's bad defense by Rondo.   And commenting that D.Will got off doesn't really qualify as "talking all that trash"..for the record
Nebula29x::Yea im not sure what he was watching but Rondo's perimeter defense was fine.
Excelscior1::@Gdsila  Westbrook was trash this game, despite his numbers. They were all superfluous, and not integral to any real moves he or OKC made in the game. Despite his talents, he doesn't read a game well. Too bad you guys don't have Harden anymore to replace him during those 4th quarter moments when Westbrook is out of control or ineffective. Maybe you would have won this one.
Jdzspace::.....
Jdzspace::I don't know about that. Every run the thunder went on was purely Westbrook and Durant having heir way. Went from a 12pt lead to a 3pt lead in  about 45sec  ,that's pretty effective
Excelscior1::@JDZSpace First your wrong about Rondo and the Nets Game, and it's obvious you didn't see this one either. Westbrook got most of his points on transition or on broken plays when Rondo wasn't even on him. And Westbrook shot or dribbled his team out as many points as he gave them. Rondo on the other hand was trapped and double teamed the entire game, so he took what the defense gave him, and was still more in control of the game and his teams outcome than Westbrook. No one who watched this game, would say Westbrook played better.
Jdzspace::In correct, as a matter of fact I just watched the replay again (3rd viewing ), and Westbrook took Rondo off the dribble many many times. I don't care about rondos numbers, he is supposed to stop Westbrook,and he failed to do that. It looked like Westbrook could do whatever he wanted regardless of whether Rondo was on him or not,
Gods illa::yea Russ owned Rhondo but against Russ is the better player .. Atleast y'all got the win celts dang take it and be happy !  Y'all best us up
Jdzspace::I hate that D.will punked him though. I miss when he defended other guards with a vengeance
Jdzspace::He burned Rondo off the dribble at will, it was disgusting
Nebula29x::Westbrook got most of his stuff in the paint from screens. Rondo's perimeter defense was fine as always. The interior defense is not.
Jdzspace::Westbrook still made him his woman
Nebula29x::He had a sprained ankle.
Jdzspace::Oh yeah, that was when Rondo took his name out of iron man contention with his hang nail
Nebula29x::Rondo didnt play vs. Williams.
Nebula29x::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LN-4owU8HXw
Excelscior1::@JDzpace  Do you actually watch Celtic games and Rondo? You sound like you don't, but like to troll/talk trash nonetheless.   Rondo may not be the best player in the league day in day out. But it's obvious (especially in the playoffs the last 3-4 yrs and in big games), that Rondo's high games are at best player in the NBA level. Rondo has a higher upside when he plays well, than almost another player in the league, except maybe Lebron. That's why many feel he's the best point guard and sometimes best player, like he has arguable have been the last several playoff years.
Jdzspace::I remember when he would out play D.Will and Harris do badly they would get benched. Now  Westbrook is getting by him at will. Seems like his focus has shifted from defense to passing. He needs to do better, there is no excuse for Mario Chalmers to score 15 on him. He used to hold him scoreless. There are a bunch of examples of his defense being lacking on the ball. He just needs to do better
Jdzspace::Are you drunk? What part was talking trash? Saying his playmaking is unrivaled? Or that this it's his Stockton year? Or chasing Magic or being the best PG just not the best player? Lol...  Yeah, I clearly hate Rondo! Lol
_I Am A Celtic_::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAGLWoZmN6g&amp;feature=g-u-u
Jdzspace::It's ok, this is his Stockton year. And has coming through like a champ so far. Hunting down Magic!
Nebula29x::Sorry i got a little jacked up
Jdzspace::Take it down a notch Nebs, he's not there.... yet
_I Am A Celtic_::There's no way in hell he's the best player in the league.  You've lost your mind
Nebula29x::Hes the best player at the position. Not only that, hes probably the best player period in the NBA
Jdzspace::I love how it's almost impossible to argue that Rondo isn't the best PG in the league. Maybe not the best player at that position, but his playmaking abilities are without rival... about time
_I Am A Celtic_::You should appreciate the greatness that I shared with you
Nebula29x::Bi tch, dont clutter up my Rondo video with that crap
Jdzspace::i miss my computer, especially after Celtics games. I guess my phone will do for the moment. I hope everyoneisdoing wewell, hopefully ill be able to get a computer so i can post during the few Celtic games I'm home for. Sooner than later....hopefully
_I Am A Celtic_::<b>C's!</b>
Jdzspace::Every little bit helps,sespecially considering how long it's taking for the team to gel now
_I Am A Celtic_::They do need it, but that's why the went overseas
Jdzspace::Team with 9 new players doesn't need additional practice before camp?
_I Am A Celtic_::Pierce doesn't need to do that stuff.  He gets along fine with his teammates.  It's Rondo that's hard headed and needs to establish that chemistry so that he doesn't drive another HOF out of town
Jdzspace::When was the last time Pierce came out of pocket to organize a mini camp got his teammates before actual camp to build chemistry and get a jump on things?
_I Am A Celtic_::He's around from time to time.  Pierce is always the leader and will forever be better than Rondo
Nebula29x::Keith showed up last night after Pierce finally played like a real NBA player.
Jdzspace::Hey Dwayne, is PP34 around? I think about that guy every time I read an article about the Celtics being rondos team and has been for years
Nebula29x::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89IddHQy61U
_I Am A Celtic_::Oh sorry to hear.  Jeff, some youtube videos can not be played on a mobile device.  Not sure why, perhaps the way they were uploaded or something
Jdzspace::Just that one apparently
Nebula29x::You cant watch any youtube video or just that one?
Jdzspace::Well, my dad had a stroke so I had to leave most everything behind to help him. Ended up having to stay and my laptop got damaged in the hectic and rushed move. And every dime I make is going to his bills and trying to save his house.
_I Am A Celtic_::And what happened to you that you don't even have a computer anymore?
_I Am A Celtic_::The video is garbage anyways.  You don't need to watch it
Jdzspace::That video can't be watched on mobile. Only PC... dammit
AnOldWiseHawk::Here's an interesting stat...Celtics -9 with Rondo on the court last night and +8 when he wasn't.  So they made up 17 points in the 11 minutes he didn't play.
Excelscior1::That's because the Celtics bench outscored the OKC bench by 20+ points. That's one of the reasons why +/- can be very misleading. Celtics don't win that game with out Rondo period. Celtics starting 5 would have had no chance against OKC's half court and trapping defense.
Nebula29x::Careful with +/-   Rondo plays the most minutes so he is on the floor if the other team makes a run.
DerrickXRoseXMVP::Wait, how did a healthy Thunder squad lose to the Celtics?
nba is the worst::Thunder are overrated, Martin shot 1-7
Gods illa::Lol thunder overrated child plz .. This is after consistently improving for 4 years straight that his fool says we are overrated
Road dog Red::Celts win Fakers get pimp slapped Life is GOOD
Fear the Gr0nk::I remember before the game I said if Westbrook took more shots than Durant the Celtics had a chance.  Westbrook needs to realize he is a PG and has the best scorer in the NBA on his team.
Excelscior1::@Godsilla  I'm sure there are many PG's in the NBA that would should better than 41% on this team.
Excelscior1::I'm not a Westbrook hater (though I've called him Westbrick on occasion as others), so I'll be the first to tell you when he plays well. But he did appear to be a one man offense and out of control many times. He just didn't pay for it with double digit TO's (he had 5 instead). I guess what some people want is for Westbrook is to look for KD more when he starts the offense. There's a reason why he's shooting 40% during the year so far.
Gods illa::But Russ doing what he does is a crucial part of the offense as well .. No other pg In the league can fill russels shoes and give us the same success we have had over the last couple of years
TiagoLebron::Disagree, Westbrook was doing everything,  AST, REB, PTS, STL, BLK  Durant barely got some boards, and make 3 pts more
TiagoLebron::Excelscior1 - Yeah, but you never got the feeling WEstbrook was an integral part of the offense. Many of his shots and moves were forced. And he was lucky that he got bailed out by the refs and missing potential TO's many times.  He barely got into FT line, one of anotherplay was doubtful............. Durant is a monster but people act like Westbrook is bringing OKC down......
Excelscior1::Yeah, but you never got the feeling WEstbrook was an integral part of the offense. Many of his shots and moves were forced. And he was lucky that he got bailed out by the refs and missing potential TO's many times.
xKayngreen34::Pierce has been Inconsistent  but so was jeff green at the beginning of the season... if we bring PP off the bench it'd give jeff confidence and allow him to run with KG and rondo but Pierce is our leading scorer though so........
Nebula29x::Rondo is inconsistent.   36 games 10+ assists.   Crickets.
TiagoLebron::Rondo is good, only problem is the 3 shooting.
Excelscior1::Rondo can shoot (even threes). He just needs to shoot them more often.
nba is the worst::Where he shoots about 2X Wade
Fear the Gr0nk::Yea... but assists aren't flashy dunks so they don't count as much...
Nebula29x::Most PG's wont have 36 games of 10+ assists in their entire careers, much less 36 in a row.
Td4mvp3::spurs &gt; your team....fact!
Nebula29x::Right now they are, this is true.
Fear the Gr0nk::Rondo now has 36 games in a row with 10+ assists.  Next game he has a chance to tie John Stockton at 37.
Nebula29x::If you really think about that its just staggering.
Fear the Gr0nk::It really is.  It's a minimum of 370 assists in 37 games.
redsoxfan4ever2009::I can't get enough of that  Sanchez video, Getting a face full of an OL butt crack on Thanksgiving.  LMFAO !
Nebula29x::"It didn’t take long for the point guard to find something he liked, as Terry came off of a screen and spotted up behind the 3-point line on the left wing. Rondo quickly tossed a pass to Terry and the JET swished home a trey with 36.7 seconds remaining in the game."  JET gets the credit for being clutch but its Rondo who makes this happen.
Nebula29x::ESPN needs to get a Griffinsanity going. He actually deserves it, unlike Tebow.
Nebula29x::Lin and Tebow are both dead.
Shaun0088::Tim who?
Excelscior1::Dwill, Miami, Rondo, a lot of teams lay claim to killing Linsanity, after his initial good run. LOL
redsoxfan4ever2009::And the NHL killed itself with in.
CoconutFaninFlorida:::(
Fear the Gr0nk::Patriots killed Tebowmania, Rondo killed Linsanity.
CoconutFaninFlorida::Rex Ryan killed Tebowmania Heat killed Linsanity.
Fear the Gr0nk::ESPN is really protecting "Linsanity"
CoconutFaninFlorida::Yeah, not sure why they deleted that link.
CoconutFaninFlorida::You can thank the Miami Heat for the 'Death of Linsanity' :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15Z0US7lPp4&amp;feature=related
Fear the Gr0nk::I think the Heat started the "Death of Linsanity" and Rondo finished the job.
Nebula29x::Lin has been very mediocre ever since Rondo dropped that monstrous triple double on him.
Excelscior1::A lot of guys team, teams abused Lin after his initial run of Linsanity (DWILL's revenge, Rondo's Rambo, Heats Humbling, etc.).
redsoxfan4ever2009::Looked like Sanchez the other night.
Fear the Gr0nk::Giving up 18-17-20 will do that to a player
CoconutFaninFlorida::Lin was mediocre since the Heat abused him right before the AS break.
CoconutFaninFlorida::Yes. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15Z0US7lPp4&amp;feature=related  THIS IS WHERE LINSANITY ENDED.
Nebula29x::Was that before Rondo destroyed him?
Nebula29x::Lin had a sh it game and got all the attention. ESPN is so fu cked up.
redsoxfan4ever2009::Lin &gt; Overrated.
CoconutFaninFlorida::Green can turn into a vital player coming off the bench.
redsoxfan4ever2009::The Marlins.....lol !
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::Why can't all Heat fans be like you.  You must teach them to be more tactful.
Shaun0088::The keyword is "fans"
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::Sucks about the Marlins though.  That's rough. I'm a Rockies fan so I can't really talk.
redsoxfan4ever2009::That's true, Most Heat fans sounds like Tampa Bay Rays fans at times.
CoconutFaninFlorida::Haha every fanbase has its idiots. Can't do nothing about that.
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::Chandler Parsons aka Knicks slayer...
CoconutFaninFlorida::Hahaha he made that "#1 Defense" look like a joke.
redsoxfan4ever2009::Are we gonna be just another .500 team this year. ?  Meanwhile, The LAKERS are having there own problems....:(
redsoxfan4ever2009::College hockey up here is big, That's for sure.
CoconutFaninFlorida::No, Celtics will be a top 4 seed when it's said and done. They're starting to get it together, plus they're getting Bradley back soon.
CoconutFaninFlorida::Yeah, I miss the NHL.. Hey, at least you guys have a couple of good college hockey programs.. Down here in Florida, no NHL means no hockey.
redsoxfan4ever2009::Sure hope so, Not having hockey really sucks !!
Nebula29x::If it means getting one game from the Finals, i hope so.
Nebula29x::That didnt come out right
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::Darren Sproles is probable.  WoooooT!!!!
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::Yap
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::There's a big red "P" next to his name and he's practiced fully all week so.  Hopefully he'll play.
CoconutFaninFlorida::Nice, I thought he was sitting this week out though.
CoconutFaninFlorida::You have him on your fantasy team?
CoconutFaninFlorida::So when is Bradley returning?
Nebula29x::December some time i think. Cant be soon enough. I miss that guy.
CoconutFaninFlorida::Yeah, I don't miss him :) .
Nebula29x::Rondo, Bradley, Green, Sullinger, Garnett
Nebula29x::Sullinger goes out, Pierce comes in, Green moves to PF
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::I just don't think Doc would bench their leading scorer for the past how many seasons?  He would just play Pierce less minutes I think but still  have him start.
Nebula29x::You're probably right.
CoconutFaninFlorida::Pierce, Terry, Bass, Lee, and Wilcox coming off the bench.
Nebula29x::With PIerce getting more minutes though at SF.
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::When Bradley gets back we'll have a ton of combo guards.  You think Danny will try to trade a few of them?
Nebula29x::Yes
CoconutFaninFlorida::I remember last night somebody said Garnett is too old and won't even grab more than 3 rebounds.. Hows 18-9 for ya?
Shaun0088::It seems like once a player hits the age of 30 (especially in the NBA) they become old bums from then on.
Nebula29x::I bet Sullinger takes the starting job from Bass by the All Star break.   Any takers on this bet?
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::No.  lol.  The only thing is that if Sullinger looks like he's more productive, Doc might keep Bass in the starting unit so that Sullinger will bolster the 2nd unit.
nba is the worst::I like his defense. Couple of lame calls against him last night
Nebula29x::Yea, Kg said hes smart. In Kg language that means hes picking up the defense well.
CoconutFaninFlorida::Probably right :)
CoconutFaninFlorida::Celtics fans: Would you want Pierce coming off the bench and have Green starting in his place?
Fear the Gr0nk::Maybe to save Pierce's legs throughout the season.  I think Green may actually play better as a starter.  But I still want Pierce at the end of the game.  He is still a much better player than Green.
Nebula29x::Thats what i think too. Give Green some floor time with Rondo and Kg and i bet he would thrive. Pierce doesnt need those two guys to score, he can do it with the bench players just as easy.
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::No.  But I'd like to see Green get more minutes so that Pierce is rested for the playoffs.
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::I'd start Pierce but employ the KG rule.  Have him play for 5 minute increments.
CoconutFaninFlorida::I would let Pierce come off the bench and have Green start since it would help Pierce stay in shape and healthy for the playoffs.
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::And so that Green gets better.
Nebula29x::Im leaning that way.
Fear the Gr0nk::I remember when Pierce used to consistently have games like this. He was such an underrated player in his prime.   Hopefully Pierce and KG are healthy going into the playoffs.  We know Rondo should be fine going into the playoffs (barring injury) but if Pierce and KG can be healthy and fairly well rested the Celtics will be tough to beat.
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::Celtics are just a pain in the a.ss to play in the playoffs.  They are smart and execute and are well coached.  And also, it seems like Rondo turns it up about 4 notches when the playoffs come around.
Nebula29x::Rondo turns into Magic Johnson come playoffs.
Nebula29x::What will really make Boston tough to beat is if Green,Terry and Sulllinger can all have an impact. And Bradley returns to his late season form of last year. If those things happen, and of course Rondo, PIerce and Kg are healthy, Boston has as good a chance as any team.
Fear the Gr0nk::Completely agree.   Depth is the key this year.   The bench only scored 2 points in game 7 vs the Heat.   But at the end of the game it's still going to come down to Rondo PP KG and possibly Terry for an outside shot.
Nebula29x::If the Thunder had Rondo, its a wrap.
Nebula29x::I predicted Rondo would have 8 points, 10 rebounds and 18 assists.  But i also predicted Boston would lose. :(
nba is the worst::That screen OKC runs for Westbrick at the top of the key is simply unstoppable.  Good thing his talent far exceeds his BBall IQ
Nebula29x::No doubt. IQ is far to often overlooked in favor of athleticism
nba is the worst::Gotta give this guy props:  The Brooklyn Dynasty is Platinum Gonna say houston wins 141-102    like this up so we can find it at the end of the game please 14 fans like this. November 23 2012, 8:11 PM ·
CoconutFaninFlorida::Wow, he wasn't too far off.
CoconutFaninFlorida::141-102 wasn't the final score and I doubt he changed it. He wasn't too far off though.
Treydey10::If he actually predicted the score before the game, that's awesome. I've seen guys predict scores before the game and change them after the game lol.
Fear the Gr0nk::After having the Spurs and Thunder in back to back games we ended up going 1-1.  I'm perfectly ok with that.
TiagoLebron::Bradley willhave to shut down Wade, and Pierce will have to make that clutch 3s too  But its possible.
TiagoLebron::Boston still are good. I think that in mid season Boston will be top 2-4 because knicks are going down in the ladder. But maybe I'm being homer, but I dont know if Boston have the power do win against Miami in playoffs
Nebula29x::It would take everyone being healthy, the team playing well as a unit and Boston would have to take Wade or Bosh completely out of the games. But this is doable for Boston given the right circumstances.
TiagoLebron::nba is the worst - I can't wait for the heat to repeat...  . . . . . .  2007, that is - meaning swept out of the 1st round by the Bulls!  the hate never stop lol
TiagoLebron::Nebula29x - They can beat Miami.  they can, but they wont hahahah Joking. I like Garnet and Rondo. I hate garnet long jumps falling even if he is a PF - C. Hope that dont happen in playoffs.
nba is the worst::I can't wait for the heat to repeat...  . . . . . .  2007, that is - meaning swept out of the 1st round by the Bulls!
Nebula29x::They can beat Miami.
nba is the worst::iT'S OBVIOUS THE TEAM'S START THIS SEASON IS BETTER THAN LAST YEAR'S.
Nebula29x::Yep, i was ready to trade the entire team last season at this point, even Rondo.  Ok, not Rondo..but everyone else!
Nebula29x::The Spurs game was a winnable game too, im not happy with that effort.
Nebula29x::They do seem to play harder vs. good teams. This is a trend that goes back a couple years now. I cant say i really care much, Boston just needs to get into the playoffs where there are no back to backs, smaller rotations and more minutes for their stars and they can do damage. Number one seeds are no longer an option for this team
Fear the Gr0nk::Yea.  The thing that scares me is we seem to be playing to the level of the competition so far.   We have played like crap against some crap teams like the Pistons and played great against good teams like the Thunder.   This team is hard to figure out right now.
nba is the worst::heat fanboys would refer to what coconut is doing on a celtics-thunder board "trolling".
CoconutFaninFlorida::Okay, I'm out. Good win for C's. Good talkin to ya C's fans. Go HEAT :)
TiagoLebron::Knicks started 6-0  Since 2-3. nba is the worst stop putting BS like 'best defense' 11 in OPP ppg 18 in OPP FG  loled hard at that clown hahahahahaha  That is why I stated 'we cant judge in 5 games' and now is proving right.  That is why I wont judge in 10 games because season is 82 games.
nba is the worst::Facts are facts.  Which is why I post them.
nba is the worst::I never said the season could be judged in 5 games.  I've never said one team getting more fts than another is inherently "unfair officiating".  Why do heat fans just make stuff up?
TiagoLebron::nba is the worst - AT THE TIME I POSTED IT, KNICKS WERE #1 IN PA AND DEFENSIVE EFFICIENCY.  I NEVER SAID THAT WOULD LAST ALL SEASON, SILLY  loled hard again, you said that season could be judged in 5 games and proved wrong
nba is the worst::AT THE TIME I POSTED IT, KNICKS WERE #1 IN PA AND DEFENSIVE EFFICIENCY.  I NEVER SAID THAT WOULD LAST ALL SEASON, SILLY
TiagoLebron::Like 'best defense' was a fact. yeah LOL hahahahahahaha Its good see your facts being destroyed day after day
Nebula29x::Well, analysts on ESPN are doing the same thing. Judging Bostons defense after a small  sample size with new players. Its normal.
TiagoLebron::at other hand Knicks is 2nd in 3s % 'living by the 3' and not by defense,
TiagoLebron::nba is the worst - 104-84.  FACT  lol lost to mavs without Dirk with Carter destroying you, after lost to little Houston rebuilding in Harden, Asik and Lin   Won a game against Miami in NY - thinks that owned the champs HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
nba is the worst::<b>104-84.  FACT</b>
Fear the Gr0nk::Exactly.   Find me a decent team who won't have a 6 game win streak this season...
Nebula29x::I have to give Westbrook credit, he actually played well for about 3 and a half quarters.
Fear the Gr0nk::I see a bunch of Heat fans on here, but where did all the Thunder fans go?
CoconutFaninFlorida::Hmm... who knows? They seemed pretty confident about winning last night.
Fear the Gr0nk::Yea, I remember one of them telling me not even to bother watching...
Nebula29x::Back to Seattle
TiagoLebron::nba is the worst Feel free to keep typing your delusions, I proved different.  lol you said that was in 7-8 games Who delusion is now? HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
TiagoLebron::I was delusioning  Coconut was guessing to, but you went to baskrefference to see. LOL
nba is the worst::I was guessing - bfd.  Carry on
CoconutFaninFlorida::Exactly, he proved himself wrong. What an idiot..
Nebula29x::A little something to brighten up the place in here:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wf_IIbT8HGk
Fear the Gr0nk::Ahhhh, a morning with no Knicks fans saying they are going to win the NBA championship because they started 6-0.   Today is a good day.
Nebula29x::All this bickering is ruining my chi, please hug and make up.
nba is the worst::;)  heat fans think they own ESPN.  Not even on a heat board, pathetic!
TiagoLebron::Sometimes I think why we feed that nba is the worst troll last 2 years? The guy is a machine that talks 'Miami got more ft's', do not comment about actual bad calls, is the ultimate form of Miami hater, last month he talked like he was a Knicks fans, but oh Knicks are going down losing to bad teams now because some days 3s wouldnt pay of...still more if you dont play D.
CoconutFaninFlorida::From now on, just ignore. If he gets annoying, flag.
Nebula29x::And Gasol got benched for A. Jamison, thats just bizarre.
CoconutFaninFlorida::nba is the worst Bosh played in 14 and missed 9, right?    http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/b/bosh... ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- Game 5 vs C's he wasn't even on the court and played in limited minutes, and Game 1 v Pacrs he missed half of the game. So really, 10 games.
nba is the worst::In other words, you were <b>WRONG.</b>  (Thanks for playing, son)!
nba is the worst::Says the guy who did the same - AFTER I posted proof.  "hypocrisy is cool", right?
CoconutFaninFlorida::You said he played in 7 games, you proved yourself wrong.
nba is the worst::"Posting proof is childish"  -coconut fan in florida
CoconutFaninFlorida::When you know you're wrong, you resort to childish acts and ignore any facts thrown your way. You started the game.
nba is the worst::Feel free to keep typing your delusions, I proved different. 10 is incorrect.
CoconutFaninFlorida::In other words, you were <b> WRONG </b> Bosh missed 10 games, Wade needed his knees drained, and Miller had a bad back the entire run.
CoconutFaninFlorida::nba is the worst So Bosh missing 7 or 8 games is "most of the playoffs?  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- He missed 10. 11 if you don't count Game 1, which he missed half of. Err the real failure was you liking your own comment.
nba is the worst::I did like my comment, silly - what's your problem with my clicking the button exactly?
