loochey03::i believe we can still get a back up center in about three weeks when some rule allows for some type of prorated contract that doesn't affect us,hope it is a good one
shorskin::Why are the Bobcats paying Ben Gordon twelve million a year ?
fischisgod::they traded corey maggette for ben gordon and a 1st round pick. didnt sign him to that deal
BeastMode81::As long as MJ is the owner, the Bobcats will continue to forever make stupid decisions.
bycrackyrules77::Wow...so now the Bulls are Balanced?!!  LMFAO!!  Cause they were so balanced yesterday against the Heat!?!
louiedajet::Shut up you lame
Then He Made Us Pancakes.... Pancakes.::He's right
Purple Drank and Watermelons::I can pick up 4 brothas from Jimmy's Polish on Maxwell Street and beat the Bobcats and then steal their hubcaps
daabears_daabulls::did jimmy get buckets?!?!?!
Wide_Spread_Ruin::If I were the Bulls, I would tank a couple of games to get out of that 4 and 5 seed, Prolong facing the heat until the ECF
Drose will win another MVP::getting the 2 seed does the same thing though, and gets you a lesser opponent.
yelladog32::Or the 3 seed.
earlealston::I'll admit, being a Noles fan, I had a special kind of hatred for Noah, BUT, I'll give props when it's due: Noah is the best all-around Center in the game.
scottkarl::MKG isnt the player yall thought he was going to be. He doesnt bring WINNING to the table...cant even build a team around him. Draft if Cats mess up pass up on a chance to get some1 like Shabazz to build around, they will be the graveyard team, Players come just to end their career and get a check
Sir_Gunners::Shabazz is looking like trash at UCLA right now.  Alex Len or McLemore please for next year's draft.
Tom Pretty Boy Brady ver.2::Bobcats tanking the season lol,,, u sucks
wolfseatbluegoat::what are you talking about, tanking this is just average for the cats
Neil826::1 game too late, have to be more consistent on defense.  they played with dantoni's no d at all plan last night and got blown out.
Arun8450::They only gave up 87 pints to the heat. That is pretty solid defense.  The reason they lost yesterday was because of the 27 turnovers.
ohedoh::As great as MJ was as a player, he is that bad in the front office.
steffinity89@gmail.com::if this were true, he would have signed my 3 year old niece (granted she's almost 4).
Nunu7::Anyone else see nazr get a T. Sit down old man!
Maria Lopez O-Leary::Michael Jordan
ScalabrineSwag::i dont think rose is coming back this year.
shut the front door please::If he's not back by the end of March, then yeah, he's not coming back this season. No way they have Rose come back a month before the playoffs.
shut the front door please::There may not have been trades available...Teague isn't in high demand (what with all the other great young PGs out there) and I think GarPax want to keep Hinrich and Nate around because they can actually score and for the short term, we desperately need that. (I don't think there is much of a market for either of those guys either, since Hinrich is always injured and Nate is...well, Nate. He still carries that stigma despite the obvious improvement)
ScalabrineSwag::i think we would have traded one of our other PGs if we were planning on having him come back.
ScalabrineSwag::Bulls better come to play on Sunday. i want they to scrap and stay close and hopefully pull out a win.
Nunu7::If they beat them i'll go nuts!
Flying Through Madison Street::Who do we play
Derrick Roses Skittles::OKC
ScalabrineSwag::okc
Somebody Get The Canucks a Diving Board::I love my bulls but we need another Star and backup C to win it all
CJSWAN232482::Boozer got paid  market value.   Remember Amare  Stoudemire got $20 million a year.   The Miami trio left serious money ostn the table to play togother. Boozer's contract is not that unreasonable at the time. It was just that the Bulls were . not in a position to screw around.  Boozer's perceived lack of production is as much on Rose and Thibodeau's as Boozer.  It is more about usage than anything.
Nunu7::Once Boozer is gone things will be a lot clearer, I say let deng walk or he signs for a lot lower then this contract. then it will be only rose and noah with big money which i am fine with that. both are very important to this team.
CTYHNTR::Yeah they better not resign Deng with another oversized contract.
shut the front door please::Me too. Let Boozer go for sure, and imo Deng is also overpaid, although if he wanted to sign for 8-10 mil I might not mind that. I feel bad saying that since he is such a hard worker and a great team player and defender, but frankly, his offense is pretty bad relative to how many shots he takes and minutes he plays.
shut the front door please::Nothing that can be done right now...Boozer's contract is what's screwing everything over, and Deng's and Noah's contracts are pretty sizeable (although I'm okay with Noah's).
Flying Through Madison Street::shut the front door please - But again, how could anyone have known that? I guarantee that you and I would've $@%!$@% forever and ever about not getting 20-10 Boozer and taking relatively unproven Lee instead. The FO made the smart decision, it's completely Boozer's fault for underperforming after coming here. This is all on him.  True
shut the front door please::But again, how could anyone have known that? I guarantee that you and I would've $@%!$@% forever and ever about not getting 20-10 Boozer and taking relatively unproven Lee instead. The FO made the smart decision, it's completely Boozer's fault for underperforming after coming here. This is all on him.
Flying Through Madison Street::shut the front door please - It's really not their fault...people need to stop blaming them for grabbing Boozer. At the time, the biggest PFs on the market were him and Bosh, and once Bosh was taken, Boozer was able to increase his demands dramatically and the FO had no choice but to overpay him. At the time, Bulls fans would've raged pretty damn hard if they had turned Boozer (coming off of a 20-10 all-star season) away.   For now, we just have to wait until 2014, when the front office can finally unload on cap space and reassess the situation with a firmer financial foothold.  Should have signed david lee
shut the front door please::It's really not their fault...people need to stop blaming them for grabbing Boozer. At the time, the biggest PFs on the market were him and Bosh, and once Bosh was taken, Boozer was able to increase his demands dramatically and the FO had no choice but to overpay him. At the time, Bulls fans would've raged pretty damn hard if they had turned Boozer (coming off of a 20-10 all-star season) away.   For now, we just have to wait until 2014, when the front office can finally unload on cap space and reassess the situation with a firmer financial foothold.
Flying Through Madison Street::But that is the front office fault something can always be done
FoxKat93::Nazr is the only one with a negative +/- lol
Nunu7::This team needed a confidence boost and this game was it. Still iffy on what could/should happen this year!
Nunu7::IF Boozer can come out with the heart Noah does and Rose is back. I have high hopes for the Bulls. the weakest link is rip and nazr at least sign a big from the d league.
shut the front door please::If Boozer can start performing in the playoffs then the entire situation changes (at least for this year). If Boozer can actually put up 20-10 or at least 17-10 type numbers through the postseason, and Rose can put up around 18-20, and if Deng and Noah can contribute about 10-15 each...then we're in business, and I can see us making the ECF and giving the Heat all they can handle (although still don't see us beating them).
Nunu7::I agree ^ but I'm a die hard Bulls fan no matter what I will always believe in the Bulls. The Bulls and Bears are MY teams!
shut the front door please::Haha well can't disagree with that, I hope the Bulls can somehow shock the world and maybe make it to the Finals and put up a great fight against SAS. That would be something to see, but even making it to the ECF this year would be encouraging going forward.
shut the front door please::No Rose = first round exit  With a 70-80% Rose who (hopefully) plays cautiously = 7 games in the 2nd round, maybe get into the ECF but we will lose to the Heat in 5, possibly 6 but no more. It sucks, but the reality is that this team as currently constructed is doomed to fail in the postseason.
shut the front door please::That's why I said "maybe" with respect to the second round. I agree with that sentiment, I don't think we'd beat the Pacers either, and this is assuming that NYK somehow drops to 4 and we get up to 3. If we see the Heat in the 2nd round as per the standings, we're out in 5 in round 2.
CTYHNTR::I have a hard time believing this team with or without a recovering/rusty Rose would get past the Pacers with the monster ball they are playing lately, nevermind Miami.
rand_the_fin::Let's hear the BULL fan say the are really better then the World Champion HEAT?  c'mon Bull fan, you just beat someone by 30 points. Aren't u really better then the HEAT?
rand_the_fin::Good.  Now you're talking smart.
shut the front door please::It's pretty clear that we're not even at Indiana's level right now let alone Miami, OKC, or SAS. But give us a year or two, D-Rose will come back strong and hopefully our front office will have put together a championship-quality team by then.
Derrick Roses Skittles::a 30-point win against a low team? Nothing special. I know we're not better than the Heat now.
CTYHNTR::Im hoping nobody is dumb enough to say anything, Bulls will most likely be ripped apart by OKC next.
Somebody Get The Canucks a Diving Board::Heat fans are all bandwagons, nobody takes you guys serious
rand_the_fin::Bandwagon, that's all you can say.   Most of us have been around since 1988. With Rony Seikaly, John Shasky and Sylvester grey.  But you wouldn't know.  And I guess none of us were there for Knicks/Heat in the 90's, yeah that didn't happen either.  Or the blockbuster Eddie Jones / Brian Grant trade. nah, never happened.  Or, you say Shaq played for the Heat, really?  Anything good happen then?
sjhaou::i missed the game. anyone wanna summarize what happened/why we dominated?
ScalabrineSwag::5 turnovers great passing.
CTYHNTR::Beating up on the worst team in the league requires an explanation?
CTYHNTR::shut the front door please - Other than Roy and Oden, that is...  Yeah I was talking about this season.  Matthews is the only guy in and out of the lineup and its rarely for more than a week or two.
sjhaou::yeah, that's the one thing i don't like about thibs. he almost always overplays his starters
shut the front door please::Other than Roy and Oden, that is...
CTYHNTR::When the starters play as many minutes as they do it will eventually wear them down, I have no idea what the Blazers secret is though since their starters play the entire game and they have minor injury issues at best.
sjhaou::not usually. earlier in the season, we played to the level of the competition...
CTYHNTR::sjhaou - yeah, after last night, I didn't believe we could beat anyone...  Bulls can beat sub .500 teams they have a problem with good teams.
sjhaou::yeah, after last night, I didn't believe we could beat anyone...
surfzone365::We put the ball in the basket more times than the 'Cats....
sjhaou::that's usually the key to winning....
Derrick Roses Skittles::YOU STUCK IT MICHAEL! YOU STUCK IT!  HAHA this video is so amazing
Derrick Roses Skittles::http://youtu.be/UbLEoLfiAPc?t=2m
surfzone365::Last nights loss to the Heat was a really bad loss....in a way they failed to match Miami's intensity.  Tonight was all business...
Atownboy22::The bulls really set off tonight.
ScalabrineSwag::Bulls are probably the best at cutting to the basket of any team in the NBA
ScalabrineSwag::drose skittles:  where is your user picture taken at?
Derrick Roses Skittles::at the Pier in Brooklyn, New York
ScalabrineSwag::sweet
For the kickout::Skittles, I just read your rebuttal to Nick on the Twitter side on the right. You have something against cheerleaders' butts? lol
Derrick Roses Skittles::nah Nick is just an awful beat writer. good lord i hate his stuff
ScalabrineSwag::lol
For the kickout::Cool. Because there's nothing better than a female with a great a.ss! lol
ScalabrineSwag::they were sexy...i enjoyed when the camera focused on them.
Derrick Roses Skittles::lol Knicks-Raps board is crazy
ScalabrineSwag::who won...?
Derrick Roses Skittles::ScalabrineSwag - hahahahah...i bet the heat trolls are there..means that they arent here which is a win-win.  yes
ScalabrineSwag::hahahahah...i bet the heat trolls are there..means that they arent here which is a win-win.
Derrick Roses Skittles::raps
Somebody Get The Canucks a Diving Board::Yo Scal what up it's CTM12
Somebody Get The Canucks a Diving Board::na new account lol
ScalabrineSwag::oh for hockey this year?
ScalabrineSwag::dude you got banned again??? WHY?
ScalabrineSwag::drose skittles: you like the bulls AND the heat?  lol what?
Derrick Roses Skittles::I always have, dude
ScalabrineSwag:::-P
Derrick Roses Skittles::ScalabrineSwag - whoa...how do you do a 'tongue out face' :)  :- P (remove space between the dash and P)
ScalabrineSwag::whoa...how do you do a 'tongue out face' :)
Derrick Roses Skittles::sorry that I never told ya till now :-P
ScalabrineSwag::im not accusing...me and drose skittles are bros...this is the first time this has came up though that he is both heat and bulls fan
Kobes_been_bricking_since_96::I already asked him. He has been a fan of both all his life. Not a bandwagon fan
Derrick Roses Skittles::Well yeah, I don't like the heat now because of all the bandwagoners that came over when LeBron left Cleveland
ScalabrineSwag::how can you like both now though? that kind of contradicts itself. LOL
ScalabrineSwag::good game bulls way to bounce back after that ugly loss last night.
Derrick Roses Skittles::Actually before I go.. check this out. Got chills. RAW footage from the Bulls-Cavs in 1989  http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=UbLEoLfiAPc  Skip to 2:00 for the goodies
vamsik3::yes bulls -7 never in doubt. fade the bobcats.
Derrick Roses Skittles::JK i'm not leaving yet
Kobes_been_bricking_since_96::Bulls, Heat, and 49ers fan?
shut the front door please::I mourned Alonzo's retirement for quite a while.
Derrick Roses Skittles::knicks and heat will choke - he's a legit fan though  yessir
knicks and heat will choke::he's a legit fan though
Derrick Roses Skittles::for sure. I miss Alonzo, Antoine Walker, Jason Williams, Shaq.. etc
Kobes_been_bricking_since_96::I did like the pre-lebron Heat team too
Derrick Roses Skittles::I was just a 49ers fan for the Super Bowl :P  And I've been both a Bulls and Heat fan all my life. No joke
surfzone365::Go Bulls
CJTheChief::Now just stay like this for awhile so we can get a lottery draft pick!
Titans Win::Bobcats 6-40 in their last 46 lmao
Fear As A Weapon::GG, CHA
getz1936::Bobcats: The biggest fail team in the league
joest2003::you do know bobcats beat the bulls in Chicago this year right
steelersbobcatsredsox::after 17 straight losses too
For the kickout::Good bounce back win for my Bulls! On to the next one.
knicks and heat will choke::is this the biggest win the bulls have gotten all season?
Titans Win::So you hate the Knicks, Heat, and Bulls. You seem pretty jelly.
Kobes_been_bricking_since_96::I think he was just asking. Not hating
knicks and heat will choke::i'm a bulls fan and i never said i hate the knicks or heat
shut the front door please::I'm just wondering why Noah had to play 38 minutes today...? In a game like this? Really?
chi-lit3::CUZ HES AN ALLSTAR!!!
Titans Win::Because our backup center is Nazr Mohammad.
shut the front door please::And with all the injuries lately, safe is much, much better than sorry. Thibs is a great coach but sometimes I wish he'd take a page out of Pop's book. The guy has 4 rings and has managed to preserve his franchise PF with knee issues throughout his career. Thibs ought to learn from that. I don't wanna hate on him too much, I understand a lot of it has to do with the lack of depth. Still...
shut the front door please::Good point, but all Nazr has to do is stand around for 15 minutes...we really didn't need Noah out there for more than 30 tonight
Titans Win::Jeff Adrien is a pr­ick I respect everyone else on CHA
For the kickout::I wonder if CHA is going to get the "Hornets" name back from NOLA?
Derrick Roses Skittles::it's been rumored they will
For the kickout::Interesting. There's some history there as well.
knicks and heat will choke::21 things you didn't know about butler  http://www.thewindyapple.com/2012/03/06/21-things-you-didnt-know-about-jimmy-butler/
TCluvcarpanthers::Alright peace y'all. Good luck Bulls against the Heat in the playoffs. (Pleaaaaaaaase for the sake of the NBA destroy them)
Bulls.Sox.Bears.Hawks.::good game man, good luck to your bobcats
Derrick Roses Skittles::We'll try. ;)  GG
Kobes_been_bricking_since_96::Nice to see some of the Bulls' younger players doing well
steelersbobcatsredsox::only players i want the bobcats to keep: kemba MKG taylor biz sessions
Maestrohair::If sessions knew how to play d then I would definitely want to keep him. Otherwise we need a better perimeter defender.
Kobes_been_bricking_since_96::Henderson is alright. How much cap space is he taking up?
steelersbobcatsredsox::he is going to be a FA and is going to want to cash in, it sounds like he is almost definitely going to be traded in the offseason
Bulls.Sox.Bears.Hawks.::oh wow they let cook and radmonovich play ???
For the kickout::Don't do'em like that Jimmy B!!!
Titans Win::I obviously play w/ the Bulls in my 2k franchise and I'm 39-16 and just beat the Bobcats 127-82 on hall of fame. They are so bad in that game.
steelersbobcatsredsox::do you even lift?
Fear As A Weapon::You let them score 82? You must not be good in that game
TCluvcarpanthers::Ok.
