5DAWG51::NBA officiating is bull Shizzal,  11 /30 and no ft's Barns Fisher and Gasol.  NBA  IS FuScing Rediculous
nfunky::This is just something I just noticed while watching the Bulls and Heat on TV right now....the commentators on ESPN calling the game aren't commenting on the game right now but just talking....pay attention and you will notice that they aren't saying if someone missed or make the basket (for the most part)..they are just blabbing on about other crap but not the game itself....they suck.
LA_Fan_4_Life::This says it all. The Lakers are two games short of having played the first 1/3 of their season and ARE NOT a playoff team. Do you think I'm panicking? Do you think i'm being over dramatic? Just take a look at the playoff standings as of this morning. The playoffs are no longer a sure thing.
ThreeKings13::Kobe is averaging 24.2 shots a game this year and shooting in the mid 40% range from the field. He needs to continue taking so many shots, or else he won't lead in points per game anymore, and his name will be removed from MVP contention. Lebron James only averages 19.3 shots per game, and shoots 54.9% from the field (LBJ averages .8 points a game less than Kobe).  Kobe Bryant http://sports.yahoo.com/nba/players/3118  Lebron James http://sports.yahoo.com/nba/players/3704  Since people are way too stupid to realize that Kobe needs to take so many shots so he can try to fulfill his personal goal of winning another MVP while sacrificing his team's ability to win, he's going to continue gimping "his" team to win the MVP.
Cynthia5023::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUnFWK8ZV9Q&amp;feature=youtu.be &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; watch
Mazyck2003::This is poorly coached team right now.  Gasol had 18 shot attempts, yet only managed to score 12 points.  The team was not aggressive; the bench got out scored; and out rebounded.  Jim Buss should take walk around the Staples Center, and just walk around but look around and see everything this franchise has become and remember, it can go away just as fast if you don't do the right things.  That time is now!
mike etheridge::wud like to see kobe go back to last season get everyone involved 1st half then take over 4th quarter
Davechelle::it would not matter...
xmanfolife::Hard to get somebody involved when they're playing like cupcakes.....getting balled on by Gooden &amp; Mbah is humiliating....Blake Griffin alone I get but those 2.....That alone should get Bynum traded &amp; Gasol next n line, those 2 got out worked plain &amp; simple...unacceptable n Laker land.
massi718::This Lakers girl is pissed and she has a point http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1LAmqp8M7o
mike etheridge::better to be pissed off then pissed on Lakes are in transition all good girl
mike etheridge::i was hearing a brooks is coming back from china nice lil quik guard can we get him?
xmanfolife::He's interesting......Kobe balling next to Chris Rock.  I'd rather make a run at D. Williams if they come up craps then they can drop down to 2nd tier guards like Brooks or D. Harris...
Yungdubz27::Missed this game so I'm  not sure what happen, but it looks like our defense has slipped. Good to see Goudelock playing time increase.
mike etheridge::Glocks runnin floater is ol skool baby
xmanfolife::That kid Goudelock looks like he could b another potential Westbrook....assuming he improves n the D department.  Morris looks like he could b gem on both ends of the court if he could look for his shot more....not kidding about those guys they have some potential as long as they get the consistent playing time.
xmanfolife::Never liked D. George bcuz he should've been better than what he was givin the talent around  him but he did have some good moments n the post season for the Lakers......Van Exel was beautiful until he socked the ref..that ended his Laker career....
mike etheridge::I believe when Nick said Cancun upon elimination 1 yr that sealed it lol but he was fun to watch nick the quik is what were lacking rt now
mike etheridge::van exel e jones d george weve had a few but u have a point the kobe trade was genius tho
hyperk1d::I would love to see the Lakers actually raise a young player rather thank buying one. They've been playing like the Yankees for idk how long now.
xmanfolife::It's what make the world go round.......deal with it.
ryan-bill::Buying titles is Laker pattern. Sometimes they don't even have to pay. Gasol &amp; Fisher without giving up a starter.
mike etheridge::saw a stat that said if lakes sign arenas the lakers cud put 2 guards on the floor who have scored 60 in a game not that they cud do that now but he cud give sum punch off bench
Davechelle::it would not matter
hyperk1d::I don't think he's done. Just has to go to the right team. He wouldn't fit with Mike Brown and the Lakers. SVG couldn't get anything out of him last year and he's known for getting players to play up to their potential so I'm not sure where he can really go.
xmanfolife::Lakers r not the right team for this guy...New York..oh hell yeah they can use another gunner....lol.
mike etheridge::cool i thot he was hurt n gettin healthy if he s dun then so be it
hyperk1d::No. He was just useless. He would come off the bench and provide absolutely nothing. Arenas will only work with a coach who's used to taking on risky players. Not Mike Brown.
xmanfolife::If the Laker's wanted Arenas they should've brought him n at the start of the season.....bringing him on now is a waste of time, let the kids Goudelock &amp; Morris play &amp; get some experience...won't hurt us n the long run.
mike etheridge::im here in LA  Stu Lantz laker broadcaster coined it bro wish i cud take credit lol
xmanfolife::I like the nick name glock....he's not gun shy &amp; I hope Kobe's schooling  those two rooks n the gym...can't say that kid's name anyway so Glock will do....
mike etheridge::Glock is lookin hungry Agree fully bro
mike etheridge::was he injured most of yr? heard hes getting healthy
hyperk1d::The Magic tried that last year. Dude isn't worth the risk.
theotherguy76::i'm gonna state the obivous but lakers got to make the trade for Howard. This team is just not that good. all hype w. no substance!
Davechelle::it would not matter; Showtime packed up and moved to Miami!
xmanfolife::With the Magic against the wall on the trade deadline they'll have no choice but to except garbage...as long as that garbage is with Bynum...that'll salvage at something for Howard....no other squad can offer a better big than Bynum....
hyperk1d::The Magic won't take the trade unless they can get Pau though. Straight up with throw ins just won't do.
xmanfolife::Got no problem with that....question is can Orlando agree to it.  Bynum &amp; garbage for Howard/Turkoglu or Bynum/garbage &amp; 3rd team involved for Howard/Turkoglu......absolutely should not give them Gasol/Bynum for Howard...that would b pure overkill unless LA wants Gasol salary off the books for next season so thay can make a run at a real point guard (D. Williams?)
Yungdubz27::No even if Pau is off the books because you will be bringing in Howards contract and Kobe will be making 30mil a year starting next year.
mike etheridge::no way on pau &amp; bynum i agree is that possible to get d-will as FA?NEXT SEASON?
2kobeisgood4::I guess it hard being a Gm if your name is Mitch k when you give walton so much, then you let Ariza go when you could have gotten Artest because he wanted to come there and then you go get Kapono and McRobert
mike etheridge::agreed cp3 deal set us back  time to Rebound we will find a way temporary  FA or trade
mike etheridge::cant get much worse lol 1-7 on road is Unacceptable kobe is guna start firing it up till we can find a solution here come sum 40+ games get ur popcorn out lol
xmanfolife::That what the folks forget sometimes.....LA always rebounds probably not this season though, but next season should b better.
xmanfolife::Laker's came up even n that deal since they got another ring out of it....
mike etheridge::? ariza was let go to get artest bro got us a ring vs celts n rematch
2kobeisgood4::That the excuse he uses when a guy gets older you would think he has to adjust to fit his role, the guy misses to many open shots to the point where people say no when he is going to shot.  The mine problem with Artest is he has become someone he isn't he should be Aggressive but he thinks being a nice guy is what people want him to be
mike etheridge::i think thats bcuz of the system we run hes used to getting ball &amp; going to work not on lakes tho KNOW UR ROLE REBOUND  hit a 3 sumtimes
2kobeisgood4::Man Artest has really sucked since coming to LA he hasn't been the same
mike etheridge::u cud b right bro but ron was ballin for rockets at time
2kobeisgood4::I feel that we could have won with and younger Ariza and if Artest wanted to come to LA we could have gotten him a lot cheaper
xmanfolife::It's not a Phil Jackson problem it's a player problem....Phil's done more than his fair share...5 rings n ten yrs, no one else could've done better.  Laker's problem is not coaching it's having the hogs to run the offense &amp; defense...Lakers don't have the players bcuz this is still essentially the team from last season...Brown needs his own people to b successful with the system he's running....this is a transition yr &amp; LA'll reload somehow......they always do..
JMarsfan 28 7::If bucks take down Heat to im going to be more happy than my pack going to super bowl ( it happens alot you know)
Peter Birnbaum::Don't believe that for a minute.
Shakeman_lo::The fact of the matter is the laker's won't win another title without Uncle PHIL.....They are a year too late into rebuilding, they should have traded gasol in the beginning of season..
xmanfolife::They will win another title without Phil...just like they won one without Riley......learn your Laker history....
Peter Birnbaum::I don't think PJ is the answer either the way the Lakes got swept by the Mavs.  It's a player problem.
2kobeisgood4::One of the biggest problem Lakers have had is this veteran players on the team and the lack of younger player coming through.  Now it all older it time to change things i feel sorry for Brown because i think he is a good defensive coach but not even the great Phil could get those guy to play consistantly
xmanfolife::There is no switch to flipped with this team....that's the problem.
Peter Birnbaum::Yes, I agree.  Lakers were bored with the regular season with Shaq.   I thought they were falling into the same trap last year, but then they got swept by the Mavs.  Unfortunately now, what you see is what you get.
2kobeisgood4::Do you remember during phil era, this team would play like this and they when say come playoff time they would flip the switch.  Well the switch has broken and Kobe has gotten old no one to carry this team
JMarsfan 28 7::Minnesota Lakers
MAHOGMA66::Natural,or man-made?
Peter Birnbaum::Minneapolis Lakers?
JMarsfan 28 7::lol that was were LA came from. Minnesota. ever wondered why they called Lakers?
ChunkTruffleShuffle::Nope, there are actually tons of Lakes around L.A., contrary to popular opinion.
JMarsfan 28 7::i love country music
xmanfolife::Not mad at Metta....problem is coach Brown inherited him &amp; his system doesn't fit Metta's style &amp; Metta coming off the bench &amp; getting inconsistent minutes isn't helping him a lot either &amp; behind closed doors he's almost impossible to trade bcuz he's only a shell of himself &amp; nobody wants a headcase on their squad...
Shakeman_lo::No shape of offense can help them out
2kobeisgood4::He never played much better in Phil system as a matter of fact people were saying the same thing about him in the Triangle.  When will people realise that some guys have it and some don't this team is finished and no amount of coaching will change that
xmanfolife::Problem is it's hard to trade somebody that nobody wants....
JMarsfan 28 7::Trigonometry
JMarsfan 28 7::its alot easier to be a fan of a good team and that is why so many people switch teams every year. Those people just P!ss me off
xmanfolife::Bynum wants to b taken seriously as the man n the middle but with games like this when he clearly should b dominating n his sleep he doesn't step up on either side of the court.  He wonders why his name is the 1st one being  brought up for Howard....no matter the opponent Howard's a consistent 20 &amp; fifteen guy n his sleep....at home or away.  Bynum gave waay too many layups n this game....he had good numbers this game but he didn't put his stamp on it like he should've...don't get me started on Gasol...
2kobeisgood4::Bynum doesn't dominate  because he can't even get decent position down there and how much defence does he play
Mister.k.::Bynum needs to demand the ball more and be more vocal about it in the locker room.
xmanfolife::I've seen Bynum get the ball n the fourth &amp; n the paint he doesn't get much results....hence why Kobe takes over for good or ill.  Hence why Bynum needs to create his own when Kobe misses...he should b getting more offensive boards...gotta b hungry n that paint especially n the fourth quarter...
Mister.k.::To add to what I said, in Orlando, Howard is the go to guy and he gets more touches. Bynum is not the go to guy and he gets less touches.
ChunkTruffleShuffle::Which one would you fight if you had to:  Ron Artest, Ray Lewis, or Mike Tyson (the present one, not the 20 year old machine).
ChunkTruffleShuffle::I'd least want to fight Artest, I think he's the most disturbed.    Ray Lewis was accused of murder, though.  And when there's smoke, there's usually fire.  Nobody cares though, because he's so passionate about the game, and has been good for so long.   You know what's crazy, if O.J. killed while he was in his prime playing days, and was found innocent like he was, everyone would have forgot, and he's have been only a football hero again.
Shakeman_lo::Artest...I think I have a shot at kicking his $@%
ChunkTruffleShuffle::You're nuts, wasn't he a golden gloves boxer?
r8rdixie5::I would never want to fight Ray Lewis
Mister.k.::all of them?
ChunkTruffleShuffle::I bet he's still crazy when he has to be.  He just has so much money now he doesn't care.  Happens to a lot of NBA players after a couple of contracts.
FTLakerFan::nah, I dont think its the money, he has completly changed, at least he helped the Lakers get 1 title, and for that he deserves credit, but he is stealing money now
FTLakerFan::artest, easily, guy has lost his fierceness
FTLakerFan::Hate to say it but this Laker team, as it is now, is going nowhere.  They will have their moments, but they just do not have what it takes to win consistently and compete for a title.  If Stern hadn't screwed them by junking the Paul trade they would have been much better, but he did, effectively ending their chances for this year.  Kobe is the only one who plays as if he wants to win.  The rest, including Pau and Andrew just seem to play at about 60% of their ability.  Andrew is the one who could have made a big difference this year, and he did for the first four games he played, but since then he seems to coast through games, plays little defense, and basically seems disinterested.  The bench is worthless, Artest is a joke, need I go further.  Watching them last night you could tell that they just dont have the fire.  The Bucks were running their $@%!$ off and the Lakers seem to be back on their heels most of the time.  This all started last year and is now continuing.  Stern is not 100% to blame for their problems, but he sure didnt help.  And as much as everyone thinks bringing in Howard will fix things, Im not so sure.   They need to get younger, more athletic, and most of all they need a point guard.
Peter Birnbaum::Howard is the only dominant player to trade for.  If the Lakers get younger and more athletic, then you have a recipe for the Portland Trail Blazers who have done nothing elite with their core.  The Suns and Trail Blazers have had young athletic teams that they trade away and have either worsened like the Suns or barely improved like the Blazers.  Howard is dominant and will bring eliteness to any team that can surround him with reasonable talent.  It's a plus to still have Kobe as well for a few more years to help develop Howard and the future of the Lakers.  FA's will be drawn to LA like when Shaq was here.  There's just more to having Howard than just the player himself.
Peter Birnbaum::Kind of weird to see so many Laker haters on this blog.  When the Lakers were getting beat before the Gasol trade, Blazer fans would be dogging the team and predicting bad things, but nothing like this hate.  LeBron chokes away the finals and then is back to his great reg season form and lovers are back in droves supporting him.  I just don't understand the shortsightedness of a bad run in the early part of the season for the Lakers.  I think there are problems, but can still be worked out with getting used to a new system and getting Blake back on the bench.  The Lakers still have the best trade bait for Howard, so not all is bad.
Shakeman_lo::peter is MAD his team sucks now lol
JMarsfan 28 7::Bucks!!!
Peter Birnbaum::No, not mad.  Just wondering what the problem is.  Still have plenty of trade value and options.  What the best options are remains to be seen.  Haters on this blog love to rub salt in the wounds of Laker fans, but I stand by the team that entertained me for years and delivered multiple titles.
JMarsfan 28 7::i am a True Bucks fan. always have been always will be
JMarsfan 28 7::i am infact not a laker hater. Just hate the laker "fans" in Wisconsin. and my sister in law is a Laker "fan" so im just ecstatic about another win
JMarsfan 28 7::sad isnt it
JMarsfan 28 7::yea i guess so. well more like the game to get to NFC championship and than heat are NFC championship game and now the Super bowl if we beat those damn bulls
Peter Birnbaum::So the beating the Lakers was like the NFC championship game I guess.
JMarsfan 28 7::just cause record is better
JMarsfan 28 7::well beating the Heat was a bit better.....
Peter Birnbaum::I guess this is like your superbowl for basketball.  Understood.
rainmaker626::Face it... There are simply better teams than the Lakers.... No need for excuses or injury roll calls..
JMarsfan 28 7::HAHA BUCKS HAVE A TITLE IN PAST TOO. HA IN YOUR FACE
Peter Birnbaum::No need to ignore recent past success like 2 titles in the past.  Lakers have a decent core and an unproductive bench.  Why they have lost so many this year is a little perplexing, but it's not due to a lack of talent.  It's lack of effort and kind of a wounded deer approach other teams are taking advantage of.  It's not like this is the final position they will have at the end of the year either.  Don't buy that the Bucks are the better team by beating them at home.  Just one game and too early in the year to say the Lakers are not a good team anymore.  That's all.
Peter Birnbaum::... Kobe's wrist needs to heal as well.  He's been turning the ball over too much lately.
xmanfolife::Gasol &amp; Bynum should've handed the Bucks their lunch buckets upfront on both ends of the court.......that's one of the main problems with the Lakers on the road those 2 up front don't put their stamp on the court.   They play tentative &amp; let themslves get pushed around &amp; give up lay ups like candy on the other end.  Getting balled on by Gooden, Mbah, &amp; Ilyasnova....I'd b mad bcuz those guys out worked our big guys...
JMarsfan 28 7::@peter.  Brandon Jennings is pretty good, he is still improving and if bogut stops hurting himself we would be  a much better team
JMarsfan 28 7::sooo i find it funny how so many laker "fans" are now Clipper "fans". what loyal fans
RenQuist28::Bangwagoners
JMarsfan 28 7::hahaha i know some. not saying all im talking the fake laker fans that dont even live in California kinda like Yankee fans not in New York or like all dem annoying packer fans from other states then they only fans when team is actually good.
FTLakerFan::i will never be a clipper fan, you dont understand LA, Laker fans are just that Laker fans, and they do not care about the Clippers, even now.
Mister.k.::Some of the laker guys (Barnes, Artest, McRoberts etc) think they are tough but they are actually fake tough guys.
xmanfolife::Don't get it twisted Metta &amp; Barnes r the tough guys on the Lakers squad problem is:  not enough basketball is being played out there...Laker's r not a football team....need more basketball on the court &amp; less physical play...there's a time &amp; place for that stuff...usually it's post season..
ChunkTruffleShuffle::I don't think too many guys in the NBA would mess with Metta World Peace.  That guy is seriously disturbed, and has homicide potential.
cthroatgtr@hotmail.com::Regardless of "tough" they don't have much talent.   They aren't fake tough guys they just lack skill.  Its ok to have one on your team but if your team is made up of "tough" guys with no talent it doesn't work.  The bad boy pistons had tough guys but they also had skills.  Artest can't shoot anymore.  Barnes never could.  McRoberts should be 10th many off the bench.  Facts are facts.  They aren't skilled guys.
Peter Birnbaum::He wasn't talking about Bynum.  But Bynum is more finesse with slow foot work.  He still is bad when doubled and needs to improve his ball movement when he gets doubled.
Mister.k.::agreed. what about bynum? he has skills but at times his toughness is questionable.
Peter Birnbaum::Good point.
Peter Birnbaum::I wouldn't F with Metta World Peace.  The guy can go off mentally at any time and he's like 260 lbs.  Not fake at all, just getting too relaxed with his new name I guess.  He's still a tough guy when he decides to come out and play.  The other 2 pester.
JMarsfan 28 7::but still i really dont think that the terrorist are going to stop killing people in mid east cause some la laker is named world peace. or Iran will not make Nuclear bombs because of him
Peter Birnbaum::He beat up half the Pistons crowd that night.  Unreal.
Peter Birnbaum::Yes, it's definitely out there.  But he needs to get into a Metta World War frame of mind if he is to be effective.
Mister.k.::i don't know, didn't he like run away from ben wallace during that infamous fight?
JMarsfan 28 7::what a dumb name. makes him look like an idiot
2kobeisgood4::that there is one of the biggest problem and must of the time they get caught up in the hype and never play basketball
JMarsfan 28 7::love that term. people who start fights then hide behind there buddies and act tough
JMarsfan 28 7::Bucks are looking even better. keep improving bucks. Mayby people will start to fear the Deer again
Peter Birnbaum::Is Mokeski coming back?
JMarsfan 28 7::lol
Clenbutador::10-2 at home  1-7 on the road  All the signs are pointing to lack of mental toughness. This is what you get with Mike Brown. He cost Lebron at least 2 rings.
2kobeisgood4::The great Phil could win with this team last year and nothing has changed blow it up now
Peter Birnbaum::It's all about Gasol and the bench.  I'd try to get Howard and D Will and go from there.  The bench needs Blake back and another good scorer.
Peter Birnbaum::No, Mike Brown had no problem winning on the road with the Cavs, they had best record in the league.  It's Gasol and the bench that are not delivering.  I'll admit that Kobe has been off despite leading the league in scoring - maybe his wrist.  But Gasol needs to be a 22 and 10 guy and they get 15 and 8 from him.  He's just not durable enough as everyone knows.  The bench +/- is the reason the Lakers lose on the road.
ryan-bill::kobe has to be the star, is the star of Lakers &amp; takes all credit when winning.  Why isn't kobe held responsible for lakers losing to really bad teams? Lakers have 2 of 3 best big men, yet can't win against Bucks with no center??  kobe can't carry a team the way Wilt, MJ, Shaq, Wade &amp; Lebron have.
cthroatgtr@hotmail.com::The pieces don't fit.  2 of your 3 best players essentially play the same position.  You can go short stretches with Pau/Bynum but the longer they go the more trouble they get in.  After 1-3 the drop off is steep.  Goudlock I believe was the next highest scorer.  A rookie 2nd round pick??? The once "vaunted" Laker bench has been exposed as frauds.  Old and slow with no punch.
JMarsfan 28 7::hey bucks may not be bad at end of year. i do recall lebron and wade just got beat im MIAMI by my bucks
IB6-UB9::When was MJ every held accountable when the Bulls lost.  All that was ever written was that the team let MJ down.  MJ was great, but please, enough of looking at him through special goggles.  He got away with his share.  There is a reason  why ignored fouls are called "The Jordan Rules"!  Even Jordan admitted this on a few occasions stating "if the refs don't want to call fouls on me, its fine by me.  Yeah I fouled him"
Peter Birnbaum::The Lakers are having a bad run and it comes to these types of comments - lame.  Kobe has carried his team for years and has won titles with 2 different supporting casts.  Wonder when LeBron will carry his team to a title.  Couldn't with Cavs and now has not with the Heat - choked last year if your memory is short.  When LeBron finally wins the title, it'll be because D Wade helped immensely.  Why else did LBJ go to Miami?  To protect his legacy because he needs someone else to deliver in the clutch.
2kobeisgood4::Bynum and Gasol are not that good did you see the game they get outplayed by any big in the league on any given night
ChunkTruffleShuffle::Rick Fox is set to star on a reality show with his ex-wife Vanessa Williams called "You Always Save the Best for Last".
WddNews.com::almost a third of the way into the season.  If the playoffs started today, The Lakers would not be in them
ChunkTruffleShuffle::Bo Kimble is putting back on his acting shoes, and is gonna make a sweet follow up to "Heaven is a Playground".
ChunkTruffleShuffle::Maurice Clarrett is switching to basketball, and still might end up being the best two sport athlete of our generation.
mike etheridge::it was fun Red  good luck with ur Cs dog
Peter Birnbaum::Biggest thug teams in NBA:  1) Knicks 2) Celtics 3) Clippers
mike etheridge::fa sho late dog
Road dog Red::Peace out bro..it was FUN
ChunkTruffleShuffle::Darius Miles is gonna make a huge comeback, watch out.
mike etheridge::ocho sinko n da hoe the life of athletes is da c#it
Road dog Red::so isn't Antoine Walker
mike etheridge::my boy Walker was hittn sum red bone b-ball wives lmao
Road dog Red::Peter Birnbaum Yeah, life goes on with a few great performances, but the shortened season will make you wonder why you kept a core that played only a small part of their career in green. I guess there's something to be said about loyalty, but teams like the Celts who have held on too long in the 90's and now 20 years later will suffer a long hard draught because FA's know where the teams' heading and won't magically sign to play with mediocrity-  Hey...if we ain't carping about it..why should you...we DON'T care..I'll take em as they are...winning is cool..but memories are better. the Tics are tough with the 'Big Three'..i love that about them...they always play to the end...ask Orlando, Lebron, Melo..ask Kobe..watching the Tics with three old guys is watching a dogfight..they never give up..its such a high...ride them out..and let them ride off...i can definitely live with that
Peter Birnbaum::Then why are you carping about the Lakers and their recent woes?  Walton has been really inconsistent, but the guy passes the ball better than most other players in the league.  This comes from guys who dog Kobe for being a ball hog.  Now we got guys up Walton's $@% for being too unselfish and considered completely ineffective.  Just lame.    It's not like I'm carping on the Celts big 3 (except talking about trade value - which you mentioned as well with Rondo and Allen for Dwight) for not being a reasonable core still.  They are just old and won't get any trade value.  Danny Ainge started the whole trade talk and you would think that he might just be the unloyal one here based on the fact the he wouldn't hesitate to trade any of them to make the team better.  If you think that you have a problem with loyalty, then talk to your GM because he's the one who started the rumors of trading them.
Road dog Red::Why does that Luke Walton guy still have a job....the Laker have more than filed their quota of white players
FTLakerFan::what do you care, you got your own problems
mike etheridge::ya studys film like a champ
Road dog Red::Luke is, shall we say,  a student of the game
mike etheridge::yes thats how we roll time to Reload
boom.shaka::But seriously..he's up next year so they might be able to dump his expiring contract as part of a bigger deal.
mike etheridge::lol
boom.shaka::That's not fair.  Bill's Son had a promising future as an NBA journeyman cut tragically short by injury.
mike etheridge::boy been stealing since 07 dog can u say Amnesty?
boom.shaka::Holy frijole!  Do the Lakers have more White guys than the Celtics?
mike etheridge::kobe n da ghost riders
Road dog Red::Totally.. y'all are the NEW white team.. suweet
mike etheridge::sad to say we do
SteelToeUggBoots::Celtics should pick up Kaman, so they could have some flava in the line up!
Road dog Red::Too funny...ugly and uglier
mike etheridge::caveman &amp; kg what a Menace lol
Road dog Red::A lil whipped cream is always good...for any occasion
Peter Birnbaum::Losing repeatedly on the road when you have success at home means that your teams mental toughness is not there.  This trade shuffle crap has made an impact on the Lakers.  It also looks like it's had an impact on the Magic.  Kind of hard to see the trade of the Lakers acquiring Howard not surface based on the recent performances.  At this rate, both teams can throw away the season, unless a trade happens and stability develops among players.
Road dog Red::Tics will trade Rondo ad Ray Allen for Dwight...and thats a bargain
mike etheridge::ainge said same thing basically
Peter Birnbaum::Celts waited a year and a half too long to think about rebuilding.  They should have made moves after game 7 of their last finals appearance.  Now they are grasping at straws.  Teams won't go Allen or Garnett unless they come real cheap.
Road dog Red::Hey...if we ain't carping about it..why should you...we DON'T care..I'll take em as they are...winning is cool..but memories are better. the Tics are tough with the 'Big Three'..i love that about them...they always play to the end...ask Orlando, Lebron, Melo. askl Kobe..watching the Tics with three old guys is watching a dogfight..they never give up..its such a high...ride them out..and let them ride off...i can live with that
Peter Birnbaum::Yeah, life goes on with a few great performances, but the shortened season will make you wonder why you kept a core that played only a small part of their career in green.  I guess there's something to be said about loyalty, but teams like the Celts who have held on too long in the 90's and now 20 years later will suffer a long hard draught because FA's know where the teams' heading  and won't magically sign to play with mediocrity.
Road dog Red::WRONG...Celts ai't trading the 'guys'..they will retire in Green..and it'll be kewl....life goes on
nycpratl::don't think dwight wants boston.
Road dog Red::It'll save him an annual butt hurt
Road dog Red::Orlando got trounced by New Orleans...i mean...REALLY?
mike etheridge::puff puff pass no way Red lol
Road dog Red::Rondo and Allen for the whole Magic team is a bargain
Road dog Red::The Boston Celtics with Rajon Rondo and Ray Allen  5-9 Without  4-0.... change is in the wind
nycpratl::must give celts credit.  doc has done a great job of getting the most out of his veterans, especially the championship year.  rondo has inproved a lot since he first came in.  tough to get top tier players on the same page anymore.  doc has done that.
SteelToeUggBoots::Celtics are a senior citizen team!
Road dog Red::Works too...10%...25% in some places
nycpratl::they stay under the cap with AARP discounts
ThreeKings13::Ok realistically, when you look at salaries, why would Dwight Howard want to come to Los Angeles?  http://hoopshype.com/salaries/la_lakers.htm    With Kobe making 25 mil this year, 27 mil next year, and 30 mil in the last year of his contract, how are the Lakers going to be able to afford any real talent above and beyond a 33 year old Kobe and D12?    Furthermore http://www.sbnation.com/nba/2011/11/26/2588006/nba-lockout-2011-salary-cap-prorated    The cap is 58 million for the next 2 years, and goes down to an estimated 51 million after that.  If Kobe gets 30 million that year, and D12 at least 21 million after that, every player that get beyond kobe/d12, they are going to be above the salary cap.  With the egregious luxury tax costs, how motivated do you think the Lakers are going to be to bring in additional talent around a (by then) 35 year old Kobe Bryant and Dwight Howard?    There simply is no reason for Dwight Howard to sign an extension with the Lakers.  Kobe's contract is too bloated, and Howard should be trying to go to a team with stars still in their prime.
boom.shaka::They'll swallow the luxury tax up until the punitive level as they have the last few years (just signed a $2b TV so money isn't an issue).  That will give them effectively another $10m or so to play with.  Plus, both Bynum and Gasol will be gone if Howard comes to LA (I don't think he will) -- if not as part of the trade for Howard than in separate moves.
boom.shaka::A dominant big, and aging but still effective Kobe and a quality role can easily compete for a title.  Besides, winning rings is only part of the reason you come to a major market like LA.  If you want to make the disgusting money, the transcend your sport and be known by only one name money, you have to come to a major market.  Sux but it's reality.  (and for the record, I don't the Lakers will bid enough to get him).
ThreeKings13::So a mid 30's Kobe, and an 8-9 million dollar guy is what is supposed to entice Dwight Howard to sign with the Lakers?    And how would Dwight Howard not be doing it all by himself to win a championship?    Better yet, how would this give him a better chance to win a ring than where he is right now?
boom.shaka::Max contracts won't hit $20m during this CBA (Kobe's is grandfathered) and you don't need/want a max contract guy on the roster with Kobe and Howard.  A quality role player at $8-$9m would suffice.  EDIT:  And we'll probably see the Lakers try to renegotiate Kobe to a more cap-friendly contract (more money spread out longer).
ThreeKings13::What other super star is going to play for 10 million when he can command 20 million with another team and better/younger players?   Furthermore, if Bynum and Gasol are gone, who are the Lakers going to be able to sign with these cap exceptions that can help carry Kobe (who will be 35 by then, making over lol 30 million dollars himself) and Dwight Howard left holding the bag?
ACandOJ::Because they have a 2 billion dollar TV deal....if they get Howard, they will spend the money to win
ThreeKings13::It's still a hard cap man (with some soft level exceptions).  This isn't baseball where you can just have a 200-300 million dollar payroll like the Yankees!!!!!  They best they can do when they are over the cap limit is sign a mid-level exception player, or trade either Kobe or Dwight.    The Lakers can have more money than God, but they aren't able to simply "spend the money to win" if you look at the rules of the salary cap!
heavier.bombing.::Celtics = Lakers' bit.ches  Road dog Red = one ugly bast.ard
Road dog Red::Road dog Red = one ugly bast.ard Yer mom didn't  think so...and hey...maybe its time she told you who yer REAL daddy is...take a GOOD look..sonny..now stop being a menace while;e slurping yer 40oz
Road dog Red::The Tics have Jermaine O'Neal...who needs Dwight Howard
mike etheridge::ya boy oneal is almost a senior citizen damn been in league since like 82
SteelToeUggBoots::Celtics= Actresses
Road dog Red::The NBA is back..and so are WE...  Hey Chris Kaman is available...trade Gasol....one white creampuff for another
mike etheridge::were tryn to get the whit mamba to pair with kobe u cant stop 2 mambas lol
Road dog Red::The world won't ever be the same
SteelToeUggBoots::Clippers are the real LA team now. Kobe is washed up!
nycpratl::win a playoff game first.
mike etheridge::true angels lil bro to BIG BLUE phat albert cud change things tho Damn what a move im jealous
boom.shaka::A playoff game?  The Angels have won playoff series, a championship, have convinced people to drive an hour to games because they're family-friendly and signed one of the biggest free agents ever to one of the biggest contracts ever.....and they still lose headlines to the Dodgers.  Sux but it's reality.
