vandeman34::I told u just after the trade - Nuggets are unfortunately done for the season. They had competetive playoff team with Nene. And dont tell me that he didnt play defence because McGee doesnt even know that word...
Westjag::Haha silly naive people who don't watch my Thunder on a consistent basis. It's not ironic that you all average 104 ppg &amp; we get Thabo back &amp; hold you all to 90 points.  It's the same story, different night. "Thunder got lucky, no half court offense", &amp; now our head coach is suddenly stupid?? Get real man, game recognize game &amp; out of the many times the Thunder have beat the Nuggets now, you seriously without a doubt think that last night was luck?? No siir, actually, minus Maynor, our regular rotation is back.. You all on the other hand have no idea what to expect with your new additions.
RainNThunder::Keep hating while the Thunder do their thing.
vandeman34::Lol they werent better at all...and OKC just got lucky last year. You still have no halfcourt offense (today just shots were fallin that usually doesnt go) u still got stupid head coach and u still got Westbrook who makes the most stupid plays of all time at the end of the game.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::They were better last year and got bounced first round. They were not a playoff team with him, jeez wake up to   Reallity.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::I see Denver fans hate the Nicks, well atleast the Nicks fans can say they will be in the post-season. And are a better team then the nuggies. wish Denver would get in and be the 8seed, I would love to the Thunder bounce them out of the first round again. It's okay I will love seeing them bounce out the Mavs first round anyways. THUNDER UP!!!!
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::I don't let that little brother thing bother me. We have done more then either of them did in their first 3 seasons and we are better then them both right now and the clear cut favorite to rep the West in the Final. If anything they are our little bro, we own I-35 right now. They can say what they want but anyone with a brain knows the Thunder are better and has a brighter future then either of them. Let them cry its fun laughing at both fan bases.
RollThunder35::I hate Dallas more than anyone, then Spurs.  I wanna bounce a Texas team out of the playoffs then see if they have the sack to still call us little brother.
THUNDAboi77::i wanna bounce houston first round, dallas second round, and san antonio in the wcf or vice verse with dallas and sa.. either way it will be sweet
aise5668::Denver's season is on the brink...Tebow time!
22antonio74::no manning time!
dpas569::the Thunder will not win a championship with Russell Westbrook at the point. he takes more shots than anyone else, turns the ball over like there's no tomorrow and doesn't get his teammates involved enough. this will catch up to them in the playoffs.
Phat Chris::Your forgetting about durant and harden and ibaka and perkins.... and almost everyone else on the team.  You clearly do not know about the thunder. They have everything it takes to win the playoffs.
RollThunder35::I wonder if this guy thinks he is the first person to say this.............verbatim.  Probably saw it and regurgitated it from some butthurt Mavs fan.  Greatness breeds hate.  Just a fact.  What will all these dumb as.sholes have to say when OKC does win it all, even if its not this year?  Nothing.  They will be hiding behind their monitors, spilling mac &amp; cheese their momma made them all over the keyboard.  Cowering behind the anonymity of the WWW.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::dpasput down the crack pipe, it's got you burnt bad.
WashFlokie::opinion prediction, gj
jayeteee::When is Karl going to be the next one to go?
soloartist11::Last comment? Go Nuggets!
manbearpirg::Sometimes I forget that Denver even has an NBA team.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Jay he is still right, no matter how bad you dis on him.
jayeteee::Not surprising since you'd probably forget your head if it wasn't screwed on w/ those 2 bolts in your neck.:)
mdtuzo::mozgov is a huge scrub
MarcusXP50::You're not that bright are you.
Chuloflow::are u stupid ??? Nuggets are far worst without Melo. Good luck keeping the 8th seed
jayeteee::Far worst???? LOL. And you want to know if I'm stupid?
jayeteee::You mad, Bro? Everyone knows your Knicks got taken in that trade.
MileHighFan9::Thats what the Nuggets get for dumping Nene off to the lowly Wiz. :( And getting rid of Chauncey and so on
JustineS04::Well that wasn't pretty, but I don't even care because the Buffs win!!!
cixelsydmai::i didnt realize cu still had an athletic program
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Enjoy the Bufs win, because they will not see the Sweet 16.
MarcusXP50::How do you get rid of Nene....he was your only threat in the post.
JustineS04::Oh, there's only 60-something million reasons.
Nugget fans are better than yours 2012 Champs::Thunder Fans suck
Phat Chris::I think your just trying to be cool and say something "bad" or "mean" to feel like a rebel cause your mom finally let you on the computer without her parental supervision.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::LMAO!! Cry some more kid. We love laughing a pathetic kids like you.
Jordsta4Life::Wow, u mad bro?
Chuloflow::Nuggets could use Melo help now and days LOL
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::He is still right the nuggies need alot of help bad.
soloartist11::This kid is a sad knicks fan....
sega222222::Didn't the Nuggets just pay and tell Nene he was their franchise guy in December. Dwight wants to know where's the loyalty?
sega222222::Good to see Sef back and now Daequan Cook back to being comfortable shooting with the 2nd unit. Great recipe. THUNDER UP!
Goon-::This team is on an express route to the NBA Finals. But they'll need home court advantage to beat Miami.
endercpl::im pretty sure he was talking about the thunder... who are 18-3 at home.
lbmore33::home court at 13-11 looks like the visiting teams coming into the Pepsi Center is enjoying our home court more than we are...so much for the Altitude myth
lbmore33::Can we please sign Wilson Chandler...what is the problem
JustineS04::Well now we have cash. Maya said they're expecting to sign him in the next few days.
naddarians::will javale mcgee start at center?
airemark::Bad year so far for Denver. Stagnant. Chandler should be a kick. OKC just seems alive when they're cookin
soloartist11::Probably not
lbmore33::cant be worse than Mozgoz...at least he is mobile Mcgaee
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::when he avg 25 and 13 rebs and 8 assist u will care believe me u will Evan Turner was done an injustice by the Sixers not putting him in the starting lineup from the time he was drafted. In college Turner was being compared to Oscar Robertson and now that he is starting for the Sixers he is showing why that comparison is warranted with his rebounding skills as a guard.he could be better than lebron sorry turner is a pointguard
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::and no beleaves a word of your bs either. What did even turner nock up your mom or sister, wake up hes not going to be a Kevin Durant, Kobe Bryant, Lebron James or Jordan. We can tell you have no clue when it comes to the NBA, give up you make it easy to see.
Antsea91::You posted this same message on every single board and it doesn't even make sense...
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::I see Pirtland waived Oden, lmao thanks for picking him over KD. Another idiot pick by them, they turned down Jordan. Jordan best to ever play so far and KD the best playing now. Portland just can't see talent I guess. Anyways glad we have KD. Go Thunder!!!!
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::*Portland
AndySportsB::THUNDERup
kevinpclayton::THUNDER THE %#*&amp; UP!
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::...................
finalfourinfinity::cool story please don't tell it again
melo090998::denver nuggets got took to the woodshed by washington
soloartist11::Lol have fun with a completely overrated center who y'all have to pay BIG BUCKS
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::wow durant got 8 rebs he never get that many maybe 2 or 4 but never 8 and hes 6'9 evan turner is better
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Well you proved you just started watching the NBA yesterday. No one says that but you. That's enough proof right there that you are full of it. No matter how much bs you say and how bad you want it to be. It will still not be true, tomorrow or the next day , heck it will never be true. Deal with it baby and stop crying about it.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Tulsa pay him no attention, heck the dummy thinks even turner is better then KD and Kobe. He can't help it that he didn't wear his helmet enough, blame hus parents.
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::i have facts 1.evan is a better rebounder  2.evan can pass better and gets team involve 3.evan dont miss all those shots like kobe and  4 just cause u played in the nba longer dont make u better than the next man truth is u were allready good be for he got to the nba some have it some dont
tulsahurricane0530::What are you talking about? He averages 8
SpurzWarz::Go directly to jail, do not pass go, do not collect $200!
kevinpclayton::but if you land in jail 3 times collect parking.
The once thought table fortitude of what it was::The greed can have the affects of corruption on the selfish few
melo090998::the nene trade was dumer than paul g trade for kwame brown
gary wheatley::melo, you did hear basicially traded him didnt you?  It basicially was to free up cap space.  McGee is basicially on a rental.  If they dont match his offer for next  yr that that is more cap money for them.  I hear now that it freed up enough that they are about to sign  Wilson Chandler
gary wheatley::did anyone hear if you watched the game on the injury of Al Harrington
The once thought table fortitude of what it was::The answer to all of the problems of that of the few and majority will be found deep in ruin of Tower of Babil it will all be revealed and it shall be known to the world the truth of the new world
kevinpclayton::The Lord of Destruction will rise May 15th.
kevinpclayton::My TV just messed up, did you do this?!
kevinpclayton::And you the repercussions of the non-believers.
The once thought table fortitude of what it was::It is good that you have known the precursors to the downfall of the old world
SpurzWarz::Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz!
Mr Viz::YOU AGAIN?!!
kevinpclayton::Bable
The once thought table fortitude of what it was::If you were not concerned by the fact of the few there are many translations and the vernaculars in which this Tower can be spoken,spelled, and written of course
kevinpclayton::Man i wish we had Nene, that guy was beastly.
SpurzWarz::Speaking of dirty cracks, how is your sister mr. Viz?
Mr Viz::dirty
Chuloflow::And they say the Nuggets are a better team without MELO LOL Jokes!!
SpurzWarz::The only one mad mr viz, are your parents!
SpurzWarz::?????
The once thought table fortitude of what it was::You do not know what you have just set off the future of the majority have been ruined in the fact of the statement made by the selfish few including you and it will be the only devastation to the new world
Mr Viz::SpurzWarz seems mad guys.
MileHighFan9::Why are the Buggets so bad? They were a 6th seed now they're out of the playoffs
MileHighFan9::doesnt count
segunm1::actually we're in 8th, check the standings koon
gary wheatley::because the west from even 5th on down is all bunched together.  basicially 1 game seperates them all
SpurzWarz::Speaking of low blows, how is your mom, Mr. Viz?
The once thought table fortitude of what it was::The hypocrisy of the few have been in affect to ruin the future of the young majority and what I thought it was have been able to be reconciled and possibly saved
kevinpclayton::What is this open mic night?
kevinpclayton::Garble Garble Garble
SpurzWarz::Oklahoma talks more sh it than exlax!
SpurzWarz::If I want to talk to you I'll fart in your direction!
Mr Viz::So you talk out your @SS?
kevinpclayton::Well its like the little guy that gets no respect, even though they can back it up with a BA team.
Mr Viz::The only one running their mouth here is you bro.
Bammayou::The hater comments from Denver fans are pretty funny. But on a serious note...the Thunder OWN the Nuggets!!! Y'all keep ripping on OKC and we'll keep WINNING!!! Have fun getting bounced in the first round like u do every season!!! ThunderUp
SpurzWarz::Okalhoma opposed the Longhorn network, cuz we were not willing to share the proceeds with greedy Oklahoma &amp; big 12. It was all about money, not about redneck nobility!
WIkalikalou::Someone never learned how to spell correctly...
SpurzWarz::Parental heritage?
RollThunder35::your calling OU greedy?  Pot meet kettle.
RollThunder35::So when OKC beats Spurs tomorrow, anyone wanna give examples of what they think the excuses will be?
airemark::Spurs could be Cone heads after spending the night in OKC. It is known to happen. The Knicks freaked out about ghosts in the old Skirvin Hotel. red dirt deadly
airemark::Cone heads are from France.
Bammayou::Manu hurt again lol
kevinpclayton::Old Pepe Le Pe
WIkalikalou::Tim Duncan is 48 years old.
The once thought table fortitude of what it was::It is that many wars will be waged that it could've been condoned by what it was possibly to be a friendly outcome has turned into that it has to be of the once selfish nature and the still selfish nature of the few
The once thought table fortitude of what it was::It is the unfortunate situation when the few are not to be able to understand the linguistics of the majority
Mr Viz::You are just throwing random words together..
Mr Viz::Tony Parker is from France.
The once thought table fortitude of what it was::Why is it that not many have known the struggles of the majority is what is what it could have been prevented from now to the future and what it could have been in an idyllic timeline
SpurzWarz::Ok Shakespeare! Why don't you roll over Beethoven?
The once thought table fortitude of what it was::It is not that you have known the struggles of the majority but only the wants of the few
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::when he avg 25 and 13 rebs and 8 assist u will care believe me u will Evan Turner was done an injustice by the Sixers not putting him in the starting lineup from the time he was drafted. In college Turner was being compared to Oscar Robertson and now that he is starting for the Sixers he is showing why that comparison is warranted with his rebounding skills as a guard.he could be better than lebron sorry turner is a pointguard
Springfresh3::you again
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::yea
SpurzWarz::Oklahoma left the big 12 cuz Texas got a big fat tv network! Not our fault no one want to see Oklahoma!
Kmacman::Oklahoma left the Big 12?  Why was I not notified?
Bammayou::Ouch! Too soon poke fan lol
Bammayou::R u $@%!$@%!? OU is still in the big12 and Texas still sucks! We win the big12 almost every season! BOOMER SOONER
RollThunder35::Except 2011,  GO POKES!!!!!!!!!
Mr Viz::Yeah hes trollin.
WIkalikalou::LongHorn network sucks. Who wants to see Texas go 5-9?
Mr Viz::This is true.
MileHighFan9::Good job Nuggets now you're out of the playoffs
gary wheatley::look at the standings MileHigh.  from about the 5th place on down is basicially seperated by only one game. Maybe one and half at the most
Valinor vs Endor::Ok. I admit. OKC has the craziest fans in the NBA. Same thing with Winnipeg in the NHL. If you have 1 team, you concentrate all of your attention to them. (This is a neutral post).
kevinpclayton::Crazy means the loudest i guess.
kevinpclayton::Well as far as i know we have very hospitable and nice fans.  Now if you are talking about OU college fans then yes they are crazy.
naddarians::no it means $@%!$@% crazy
The once thought table fortitude of what it was::What is known to the majority such a thing is not what it could've been to many it has to been known at one point but it needs to be spoken to much of what is going to be a nation
naddarians::Rashard Lewis is one of the greatest 3 pt shooters
SpurzWarz::Thunder junky is a poster child for Planned Parenthood!
soloartist11::Oh and Texas is better than OKC......sorry! Who beat y'all in the WCF last year? And who owns you in College sports?
soloartist11::Lol my bad...TEXAS IS BETTER THAN THE SH.ITTY STATE OF OKLAHOMA
Springfresh3::This kid is mad, LOL he is dragging other teams into his rant
WIkalikalou::An entire state better than one city?....cool?
Gummer1008::Pretty sure OU and OSU have more national titles than the whole state of Texas combined.
WIkalikalou::Pretty sure UT was absolutely awful in football the last 2 years or so.
Mr Viz::Not football.
LeBronHates4thQuaters::THunderjunkey is a national hero
