ban94shee::This game is so rigged...The Rockets should be 4-0 vs Spurs this year. The refs decided both losses at the end of the game...You spurs will be saying the same as me once you play the darlings of the nba...Then, we will see timmy with that plastiic face of his in disbelief with his hands in the air.
ban94shee::Pretty fishy that the blown calls come at crunch time when the game is on the line...Spurs did get a legit win. The Rockets will never be relevent until they get a superstar, the league will not allow a team of good players win. Duncan does commit fouls by the way, refs completely control the games...
The_Devlin::There are missed calls in every game for both teams.  The Spurs got a legit win from a late game surge.  Rockets fans should be less worried about the refs and more worried about their inability to finish games.
Rickster7218::Please let Jonny go....This riding the bench does nothing for his career, trade him to NY now!! the guy has plenty to offer to a team.  It's clear Houston is set with Lowery...
luvnbayes::Dejuan Blair (-14) continues to be the pits and good things continue to happen when Bonner (+20) is in the game.  I sure wish the Spurs would get another big so that Blair would never play.  He is not one of the worst post defenders in the league, he is THE worst.   He turns everyone he guards into Karl Malone.
threetimechamp210::Great win against a good Rockets team. I swear, I hope the Rockets meet the Spurs for the WCF. That would be fun and ESPN and the NBA would have to suck it up!
klesk80::It doesn't matter who wins...The NBA wants the Clippers to go to the finals...watch and see what happens....lol NBA and the refs are with the Clippers ....Its all in the books....=)
threetimechamp210::Man I agree, that "block" Griffin had on Hayward of the Jazz came up on top 5 plays but that was definitely a blocking foul by the offensive player then hayward tried to score then after the contact Blake came from behind and "blocked" the shot after Hayward got fouled. The refs swallowed the whistle cause Stern said so!!
Tysonchicken108::Duncan still has it
TheColdTruth::Spurs wont beat OKC Thuder, Philadelphia, Clippers, Utah Jazz, Portland, Denver on the Road
TunaDM84::Your opinion has about as much weight to it as Charles Barkley's waist. Who F'ing cares what you think troll.
HTownRprsntr::So you're saying his opinion has a lot of weight?
TheColdTruth::They wont win Another Ring with this joke of a Team
volleydan73::That's your opinion, but Popovich &gt; you.
playinaround2::Probably not. But I wouldn't bet the house against it. People also thought it was a "joke" to make Bruce Bowen the team leader in minutes, but it seemed to work out. Pop's spooky that way.
TheColdTruth::Spurs are Old!!!
SublimeZak::The core of the Spurs may be old, but the team itself is actually pretty young.  Middle of the pack actually.  Mavs are the oldest team in the league.
TunaDM84::you sound like everyone in 07.
TheColdTruth::.
TheColdTruth::yo...test 1,2,3
OmegaWeapon_XII::Lately, all I hear is "Splitter should start over Blair." I disagree. I like the presence Blair gives, and I like Splitter off the bench. Comments?
Trace2010::Though if we pick up another big to help the rotation, I would like to see Duncan slide over to the 5 and let Splitter play 4.  Duncan can occupy space weak side at the top of the key without clogging up the wings.
ahmad751::Ryan Richards
Txboy12345::They have one overseas, can't remember his name though. He's 7'1
Trace2010::Not when Blair is over-matched on the glass.  Even Bonner is a better fit than Blair, though in this match-up Blair's width seemed to bother Scola more.  Splitter needs to be with Duncan in crunch-time to help clear the ball though.
ispeakfrench::i have to say, Martin is very good. good kid that one is. yup. and i'm a spurs fan
Trace2010::I agree.  Martin made some really tough shots for them tonight.
Trace2010::Well, the Rockets might be able to acquire the rights to Loof Lipra two months from now.
8mac22::Rockets fans... do you like Terrence Williams? Do you think he should play?
jairushawkins::I bet he's in the Dog House again I don't Know how he keeps getting there.
jairushawkins::But i dont care anymore, spurs won hopefully we can get a good trade and take this division by the neck.
VolkieG::SportsDoc281, the Rockets' winning percentage last year was .524. This year they're at a .545 mark so far and are probably still not 100% comfortable with McHale's system since the season's still young. so what're you basing your statement on?
sportsDoc281::Originally the GM, but then Taylor put him in as coach, then fired him.
sportsDoc281::They got Scola because the Spurs owner gave him  to the Rockets. Kevin McHale needs to go if they land a good draft pick, cause he can't coach. Look at Minnesota if you want proof.
bobbydagreat::Was he the coach there or was he GM?
bobbydagreat::Hopefully the Rockets will wise up and tank so they can have 2 lottery picks in next years draft.
OmegaWeapon_XII::Points in the paint: 42-16 Spurs. TO's: 21-13 Rockets. The teams decide, not refs!
OmegaWeapon_XII::Look, you think after the game the Rockets talked about how bad the refs were? They were there. They played. The answer: no.
bobbydagreat::You get fined for that.....most people don't talk about how bad the refs are.
geoffmiller93::you get those fouls in the paint, rockets were only shooting jump shots
sportsDoc281::Like I said, that is what happens when you shoot jump shots the entire game. Ask Charles barkley.
bobbydagreat::It's also what happens when one team goes to the line when they are fouled while shooting and the other team gets a charge called on them when they are fouled while shooting.
meloncabron::But really, it could have been the refs. Especially if they've ever been to Houston.
bobbydagreat::FTA's: 31-13 Spurs.
bobbydagreat::Troll on buddy.
meloncabron::Don't forget quality players: 6 to 1 Spurs.  One of top coaches of all time: 1 to 0 Spurs.  Cooler uni's: 1 to 0 Spurs.  Championships: 4 to 2 Spurs.  Coolest Nike commercials: 1 to 0 Spurs: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdlLWsKUQu8
NeeehNoooh::all right. these are literally the only calls in the 2nd half, when spurs started to make their run that you could even BEGIN to question, Rockettes fans.  1. 3rd quarter, 2:59. no foul. tim duncan going straight up. 2. 4th quarter, 10:44. no foul. tim duncan again with hands straight up. 3. 4th quarter, 6:00. off. foul. lowry charge called, tiago probably was moving. 4. 4th quarter, 1:21. off foul/travel on martin.  and the one in the 4th with 6:00 minutes is the only one that is the most obvious (tiago block, but charge called on lowry).  Rockettes fans, please let me know any one that i may left out. And don't give me crap that happened in the first half, if there were any because you weren't bit*ching and moaning, then, right?  as for the spurs their were 2 that i saw were missed, one which was a dalembert travel.
Trace2010::The only call that was blown was the one where Kevin McHale said to "Step on the Neck," and the Rockets heard the word "Slip".
NeeehNoooh::wow someone marking my posts, because it speaks truth.
NeeehNoooh::I didn't see anything else because I just went back and skimmed through the 2nd half.
NeeehNoooh::Oh by the way, these are mostly based on reaction of the players. these are the only ones that got even a remote response from any rockette players. let's not be delusional now because if anyone knows for sure they were fouled, it would be the players.  Bonner, was slapped in the chest on the 3 pter, or at least he appeared to have been.  I might have gotten the name wrong on the 3rd one. (lee charge instead of lowry).
bobbydagreat::He threw up his hands afterwards and they gave him the foul call, he wasn't touched.
bobbydagreat::There were lots of bad calls in the second half that swung momentum and led to the Spurs winning, it's not that big a deal, refs decide games all the time. I for one am glad it happened, I don't want the Rockets to lose their first round pick.
meloncabron::You forgot the call from the 1997 draft when the Spurs got Tim Duncan and Rockets fans have been crying about that one ever since.
jairushawkins::And the Fact that Luis scola could go down court and draw contact no foul Call, but of ALL PEOPLE Matt Bonner would get the call.
jairushawkins::And not just fouls. The Tony parker Ball that bounced off his knee.
etaUpike07::yeah the entire rockets bench was screaming
NOVABuffalo::too many facts --- don't expect a reasonable response.  See ya next time.
jairushawkins::You forgot the courtney lee charge call with 2 minutes to go in the 4th.
sportsDoc281::That just proves the point. Lee plainly charged into the defensive player. He was totally out of control and his teamates knew it. So did his coach.
bobbydagreat::And the Chandler Parsons charge call, I don't remember what quarter that was, I think the 3rd.
bobbydagreat::And the other Kyle Lowry charge call in the 4th.
bobbydagreat::The Boner 3 FT foul call with no contact was another
OmegaWeapon_XII::The refs don't decide games...please.  Typical loss response.  Now to be fair, as a Spurs fan, I have said that, been there. But, in reality, Rockets couldn't finish it...just like ALL teams that blow a 52-39 halftime lead.
OmegaWeapon_XII::Just leave the refs out of it. WHat did the Rockets shoot in the 2nd half.  All I'm saying.
jairushawkins::So it isn't predictable and you don't expect to get those calls?
Trace2010::I honestly didn't think the Spurs were going to win until the Rockets choked the game away...did you?  ;)
bobbydagreat::The 3rd quarter collapse that the Rockets had was predictable, because that's what the Rockets do. So was the team that gets more than twice as many FT's winning the game.
jairushawkins::The Last 5 Seasons the Spurs have been Pretty Much irrelevant. and those 4 Championship wins bragging rights are really fading away.
geoffmiller93::the last 20 years the rockets have been pretty much irrelevant. and those early 90s championship wins have really faded  away
Trace2010::Your argument is a waste.  We don't do things like other franchises; Robinson created a culture of successor-ship, ironically outlasting everyone in the West during this run from both the Robinson and Duncan eras, not named the Los Angeles Lakers* (Rockets, Kings, Supersonics, Jazz, Suns, Mavericks) while pulling down 4 NBA Titles and Zero Defeats. We continuously retool, while collecting those playoff bonuses, until we hit the right combination of pieces or have the right combination of skill and luck.  All we are looking for is for Duncan to train his replacement, and then we'll be back again.  "Don't hate the playa, hate the game!"      *Though arguably outlasting even them through the 2005-2007 seasons until the Gasol trade.  They also had 2 Finals defeats.
don_one89::I wouldn't go as far as to say irrelevant but I'm afraid ur slightly correct which is why a deep run in the playoffs is looming!
sportsDoc281::Pretty stupid comment. irrelevant when you win 60 plus games? You sound like a Maverick fan who now can brag because Dallas has won one trophy in the past 20 years, including NFL.
sportsDoc281::All you Rocket fans blaming the refs for the loss evidently did not watch the game. The Spurs took all jump shots in the first half and were missing everything. The second half they ran everything into Duncan and all their points came in the paint and that is where the fouls came into play. Any coach knows that if you can pound the ball into the paint you will get some calls. Truth of the matter is is that Dalembert played a really dumb game whith some really stupid fouls on Duncan. Roy Williams was in the Spurs locker room after the game. He just got a good lesson for his college players on how to win a "winless" game.  Rockets continued to shoot jumnp shots the entire game. That is all they did. Why was Scola on the bench?
don_one89::Preach!
jairushawkins::The refs can't hand you a win against The Bulls,Thunder,Heat,Or Even Dallas. Just saying.
Trace2010::Throw Dallas--they nearly did.  We nearly had our own Derek Fisher highlight.  :)  As to the others--we may be playing at such a high level we won't need it.  Who can say?  :)
bobbydagreat::Sure they could, the refs can do anything.
ispeakfrench::looking back on past games, the spurs bench has been significant in the team's wins. i think they've got a lot of improvements ahead but when playoffs come around, we'll see what happens.  it doesn't make sense to predict finals already. sometimes, just like last season, there are upsets and surprises to say the least. unforeseen injuries occur or something just doesn't go right for certain teams. let's not get ahead of ourselves right now. when playoffs come around, then you'll see.
ShiloInn1985::"La Boheme"...It's an OPERA!"
Trace2010::I know what they mean.  I just didn't want to look it up.  Thanks.
ispeakfrench::c'est la vie = it's the life. boheme - with one m. it means like the bohemian life...
Trace2010::How do I spell it correctly?  "C'est La Vie?"  Everyone's simply playing to get in, and then it's "La Vie Boheme?"
ispeakfrench::be we know how pop is; come playoffs, he's very watchful of his bench's minutes. i think that's what got the spurs in trouble last season. pop puts experience ahead of anything else by not playing his rookies but perhaps if he took a risk, the outcome would be different that having the older guys playing too many minutes.
don_one89::PREACH!!!!!! I actually agree with you, over the last few years the bench has been strong but come playoffs time, they disappear, if things change then maybe this year will be different!
Trace2010::The bench doesn't disappear, they get covered up and lost in the proverbial thought of "playoff rotations".  We cannot play 7 men during the playoffs and win anymore.  Coach Popp must realize this.
bobbydagreat::Anyone who is honest with themselves knows that the refs decided who won this game. That said, i was hoping for a Rockets loss, they need to not make the playoffs this year for the greater good of their franchise.
Trace2010::Well, both of us got what we wished for tonight!  Enjoy your evening!
jairushawkins::OK We can all agree on this just Admit it people spurs on comebacks are almost too predictable you know the refs will make a bad call if they  have to so the spurs can make a run .
ispeakfrench::my thing is that no matter the calls, if a team is good enough, it shouldn't HAVE to come down to arguments about the calls towards the end of the game. a team shouldn't allow their opponents to even have the chance to come back into the game in the first place. cutting it close has no excuse- for either team.
meloncabron::Yep, all those bad calls that caused 20 Rockets turnovers and their shooting percentage to drop in the 2nd half while the Spurs shooting percentage went up.  It's obvious the refs decided this game.
jairushawkins::So Lowry And Martin didnt get fouled in Driving to the Paint?
NOVABuffalo::tissue?
NOVABuffalo::what that home teams get the benefit of the 50/50 calls?  It happens every night in every town in the NBA.  It's not like Parker isn't fouled many times when he drives to the basket.  Got to play through it.
jairushawkins::You didn't have to watch the game to know what i'm talking about.........
bobbydagreat::Well at least you are willing to admit your ignorance.
NOVABuffalo::I wasn't able to watch the game, but the crying on here is pitiful.
jairushawkins::well like you i said you cant deny it.
don_one89::Alright, I'm done rocket fans, i actually respect ur team, scrappy team that plays hard...trade Kevin Martin to the spurs tho!!!!!
Trace2010::He'll find his niche in another team, come free agency time.
don_one89::He's a great player, he should be on a championship caliber team, he can start at SG or SF or be the 6th man...I respect his game!!
jairushawkins::So im guessing spurs fans believe the refs made all the right calls.
Spurs4life93::Without Ginobili we are 14-9. I'm not complaining. Once he gets back we will hit our stride once again.
geoffmiller93::without genobli...
rocketsin05::The Spurs are 14-10 they are not better this season.
SpursFan6::14-9 bud, your just sad. Your just as bad as all the T'wolves fans who talk smack on our boards. Your team hasn't been good in over a decade, quit $@%!$@%!
rocketsin05::The Spurs haven't won anything in years bro. I wouldn't be sticking my chest out based on that record. The Mavs won the title last year and will win the division this year again.  The Spurs got steamrolled by Memphis last year and your team is worse this year. Your run is over!!!
meloncabron::I'd agree the Spurs will be better when Manu comes back. The bench is solid.
Trace2010::No, actually...  Memphis is worse this year, Dallas is worse this year, Houston has very little change, Oklahoma City has no change (but their most glaring weakness is still hidden amidst the W's),the Clippers are up this year, the Spurs are up this year, and the Lakers will be the Lakers.  Basically, it's a crap-shoot no matter which way you try to call the dice.  But the loss of Tyson Chandler has stolen the Mavs heart-they won't be back...sorry (and don't think for a minute Mr. Kardashian is going to find it).
meloncabron::So let me get this straight. You're excited not about your Rockets team, but that San Antonio's "run" might possibly be over?  That's the run where they make the playoffs 19 out of 20 seasons, win 8 division titles, four Championships and rise to the top 3 NBA winning percentage of all time next to Lakers and Celtics?  Sounds like someone's been crying themselves to sleep a lot over the years.
NOVABuffalo::thanks .... guess a Rockets fan would know exactly when that would be ..... what almost two decades.
Julian_h_Lyon::Hint: Spurs have played roughly 45% of their games on the road, and you call Spurs fans dumb...
waenloteion::Maybe what he meant was that 85% of your wins were at home.  11-1 at home but only 3-8 on the road.  That would make sense considering the context of the rest of his post which is basically saying that when you are stuck on the road for a month (unless you fix your road percentage) you will go 2-7 meaning even if you win your last 2 home games before that trip starts you will be 16-16.
rocketsin05::Pretty much. The Spurs are 14-10 with 85% of there games at home just imagine the radeo road trip. You'll be under 500 by the time you get back!!!
joemcleod83::yup definitely almost broke my tv watching drob get schooled by akeem...so frustrating
NOVABuffalo::Perhaps this guy is young.  I hated it when Hakeem went crazy the year the Spurs had the #1 seed.
meloncabron::Poor Rockets' fans, trying so hard to get out of the shadow of their big brother. So tired of looking up in the standings year, after year, after year, after year and seeing championship, after championship, after championship go to the Spurs.
NOVABuffalo::do base any of our posts on fact?  Spurs are #3 in all-time winning percentage - only Lakers and Celtics ahead of them.  11/23 doesn't equal 85%
don_one89::4/2 = 2
don_one89::there should be a special section in the NBA for teams like the rockets!!! A we sucked last year, we will suck this year and we will suck for years to come section
Spursdc::Jefferson is over 30
Julian_h_Lyon::lol Rocket fans
TurtleHead1521::HAHAAHA you just said that with sincerity, just shows how stupid spurs fans are
Trace2010::And you are from where...other than the neighborhood hole in the ground?
meloncabron::Glad you can remember. It's a shame you can't remember back when the Rockets won their "championships", then again, no one can.  Oh, and uh, 2012 to 2007 isn't exactly a decade, genius.
TurtleHead1521::Yeah I remember almost a decade ago, good one   D.O.U.C.H.E. - i can spell too
meloncabron::Must be all those championship parades in that hot San Antonio sun that that make Spurs fans so "stupid", huh?  I.D.I.O.T.
Julian_h_Lyon::Are you kidding? The Spurs' bench by itself is a playoff team, and they're all young as hell. Only old players (over 30) on the Spurs are Duncan and Manu.
Trace2010::My only hope is Pop will allow the bench players to play this year.  We can't win with a playoff rotation of 7 anymore.  We have to use the youth to tire out the teams that are tightening up their benches!
rocketsin05::The Spurs are old dude admit it a couple more seasons and its SUCKCITY YEAR IN AND YEAR OUT.
NOVABuffalo::Wish we never let Scola go....
Trace2010::Why a great many people are pissed at San Antonio.  They find a way to field a competitive product year after year, despite being in a small market, and using many discarded pieces to surround their stars.  Sad about Scola, but we'll see a lot of Tiago in tomorrow night's game.
meloncabron::Yeah because with one of the best GMs and coaches in the league, I'm sure the Spurs will suck year in and year out.  M.O.R.O.N.
NOVABuffalo::TD and Manu on the way out.  Parker is only 29.  It seems to me the younger guys are coming around.  Need some help on defensive center, but Spurs won't collapse.  That's not Spurs history.
jairushawkins::Lol im a rockets fan but it's funny how your so happy over this one little win.
NeeehNoooh::lol @ the people complaining about the FT difference. must be butthurt rockette fans.  they were nearly all obvious BLATANT fouls. I can't think of more than maybe 1 or 2 that were bad calls in spurs favor that resulted in FTs. their were also bad calls in the favor of the rockettes.  overall refs deserve a B+ tonight.
Trace2010::Top of the body doesn't matter when all you have time to check is the feet.  And the feet were set, outside the circle.  It was a charge.
rocketsin05::Neal was still moving on that play it shouyld have been free throws for Lee.
NeeehNoooh::I hope you aren't including that charge that neal took with like 1 minute to go on who was it, martin?
rocketsin05::Dude just admit the Refs missed calls on Martin and Lowry!!!! Thiose are 2 good players who take it to the hoop as much as they take outside shots so why can't they get any calls?
NeeehNoooh::maybe a couple or 3 times combined.  I would admit it if so.  just face it, rockettes chucked their way to a early lead, and couldn't keep that up enough in the 2nd half where they couldn't buy a bucket.
rocketsin05::Go shove a DICK up your butt!!!
NOVABuffalo::Refs did score 60 in the second half, didn't they?
rocketsin05::How many times did Lowry and Martin get hacked with no call? Answer that Spurs homer? Thats right keep those rose colored glasses on!!!!
minick_man83::If the Spurs can can go .500 on the annual road trip, Giniboli should be back after and we will be back at full strength
SpursFan6::Manu should actually be back during the trip, hopefully that will provide a boost
Trace2010::But we cannot go back into Conservative Playoff Mode Again, or we will simply be bounced again.  Popp will have to take chances this time with his bench playing longer minutes.
NOVABuffalo::with current road issues, about .500 would be good
dbates77::spurs were awarded 18 more free throws. what a joke!
playinaround2::1. Never start a land war in Russia 2. Never go in against a Sicilian when death is on the line 3. Never take the over in a Spurs game.
Trace2010::You bet on the wrong horse, fella.  I took the Spurs at home and the under at the beginning of the night.  Better luck next time!
dbates77::and yeah i'm pissed because i bet the better team and under and got $@%!$@ by three doucebags playing god
rocketsin05::Yeah I thought they were letting both teams play..that is until the Spurs get to the 4th and might lose then its a Free THrow fest for the Stars!!!
rocketsin05::Spurs 31 free throws to the Rockets 13 free throws. Yeah Refs didn't decide this game at all.
SublimeZak::14-9 rocketsin05
SpursFan6::If we aren't a contender what does that make your sorry @$$
rocketsin05::Dude we still couldn't buy a foul call and thats the difference. Don't sit here talking in that arrogant tone with me. Your 14-10 with 85% of your games at home. Your no contender AT ALL!!!
Trace2010::Watched the game.  You shot yourselves into a 19 point lead in the first half, then shot yourselves out of it the second half, then lost composure when the wheels came off.  It happens, man.
rocketsin05::They did not stop attacking the Refs stopped calling fouls period. 31 ft's Spurs only 13 for the Rockets. If your going to let them play don't give one team 18 more free throws!!!
Trace2010::Rockets made more shots.  Rebounded the ball more.  But stopped attacking the lane and the post midway through 3rd quarter.  Stupid fouls by Dalembert and Scola- leading them to the bench.  Rest is history.
don_one89::Better question is who is the worst in the division, Hornets or Rockets...its very debatable!
Spurs4life93::for sure the Mavs. They can't even leave us alone. Cuban made that stupid commercial with the DIRECTV that really pissed me off. I hope his $@% gets sued
Trace2010::Not even a debate.  Mavs.
TurtleHead1521::who has their head farthest up their own end, Spurs or Mavs...very debatable
minick_man83::Houston fans are great at predicting alternate outcomes, "If only a few more fouls called on the Spurs we would have won, I just know it"
Shredder_Baby____::Spurs are the perfect example of what a small market team should try to be like.
playinaround2::Umm, forgetting the Packers, are we? Not saying they're clearly the best either, but they wipe out that "bar none."
Trace2010::They are simply the best run small market franchise in professional sports, bar none.
don_one89::The question is, are the rockets even relevant, when was the last time they smelled the playoffs??
FrankPistachio211::Stop disparaging the Rockets, bro. If they were in the East, they would have made the playoffs last season.
playinaround2::So would the rest of the West.
don_one89::true
talkinwolves3325::Well technically they "smelled" the playoffs as early as last season.  They finished 9th didn't they?
ThirdCoastTexan::don is an idiot troll that doesnt know what he is talking about....just trolling
don_one89::HAHAHAHAHA you said that with pride...2009??!!!!!
don_one89::lol, yes, that was a long time ago...there have been 2 whole years of better teams making the playoffs, houston was the only team in the division that couldn't make it last year...yall are the $@%!$@%! little brother of the division!
ThirdCoastTexan::you act like that was a long time ago....if you are going to open your mouth to talk trash, know what you are talking about before you do, moron
ThirdCoastTexan::uh 2009? how old are you? 12
rocketsin05::Duncan and Parker are almost done as players and when they leave the Spurs will be garbage again so no worries here. You got handed a game again on your homecourt. WHAT A JOKE THIS LEAGUE IS!!!
Trace2010::@ marcus--I'll add to your question....when was the last time the Spurs missed the playoffs two years in a row IN THE HISTORY OF THEIR EXISTENCE?  Three?
Ouachita07::Dude Tony Parker is only 29. Yep he's almost done
Trace2010::I mean, right now we have more longevity holding onto people like Kevin Martin because of the way our organization treats it's players.  How long do you think Martin is going to stay in Houston watching his 30 point games go in the loss column?
marcus-s2981::You said that like the spurs have just started having a decent or good team...the spurs havent missed the playoffs since freakin 1998 and have won 50 or more games EVERY year after the shortened season and 4 titles. Can you honestly remember the last time the spurs were GARBAGE???
Trace2010::By garbage, are you referring to 1997?  Are you referring to the back-to-back you managed to win simply because Jordan thought he could play baseball?  Please be more specific in you're juvenile temper-tantrum...
matsuireyesdp::Almost finished... that's a good one lol. Peep our bench
clogee::Not gloatin, like my team I actually have class.  I just can't stand to watch fans only blame the refs and not acknowledge when their fave team plays poorly.
rocketsin05::Dude you know good and well the Refs handed you this game. So go ahead and gloat but your team is OLD AND ALMOST FINISHED!!!
clogee::sounds like you're worried.  You've been crying ever since the Spurs got the lead under double digits.
marcus-s2981::YOU MAD?
FrankPistachio211::Peace out, people.
Trace2010::I'm trying to find out who took over 196 and the Spurs.  Thought it was you--my bad.  Have a good night.
FrankPistachio211::Thanks, but I didn't bet on this game.
Trace2010::Good win.  Sorry you didn't get the over.
nba is the worst::<b>NICE COMEBACK, SPURS!</b>
rocketsin05::Nice comback REFS is more like it!!!
nba is the worst::<b> that too</b>
nestoriv::Anyway what a hearth....Spurs is all!!
triggahappy74::I would say rockets choked but spurs having been showing to be a good second half time as of late. Just took a little while to get going thats all .  Rockets = Trash
bc3228::Don you fail, I am not a rockets fan, but enjoy being bounced out the 1st round again
oscarzaragoza::You spelled Refs wrong.  Refs = Trash *
bc3228::Spurs=1st round elimination enjoy
don_one89::Rockets = No playoffs enjoy!
don_one89::there was no doubt in my mind the spurs would come back
nestoriv::I can't believe Scola is out all eth quarter. Houston's head coach is poor!!! (but like player was god :-))
-Dark Assasin-::He was turning over the ball.  I would do the same thing.
nestoriv::ahhhh no sabia hombre....si es por 6 fouls ok, pero si no.....
-Dark Assasin-::He was playing sloppy.
nestoriv::yes has 3 fouls....incredible Scola out all 4th quarter. Head coach=trash
oscarzaragoza::He had 5 or 6 fouls.
Savageman24::3
Trace2010::188...YOU'RE GETTING CLOSE!
hobson1313::Rockets had this up until scoring 39 pts in the second half along with the 20 TOs.
trevorcabo::But its all refs fault for them losing
minick_man83::it wan't the 20 TOs it was the poor refs, lol
FrankPistachio211::It's good to see the Rockets competitive again after a few years of obscurity. The Southwest Division owns the NBA.
FrankPistachio211::LMAO! Pretty much. I despise that little dwarf.
Rudy_rush20::Hell yeah $@%! stern. He gets off too the idea of Lakers heat in the finals.
nba is the worst::<b>BUCKS BEAT HEATLES AGAIN.  LEBRON 7 TOS  antistratfordaria disconsolate.</b>
Trace2010::Worse, actually.  2006 rings a bell.
bobbydagreat::He has screwed the Spurs just as badly in the past as he has the Rockets.
bobbydagreat::David Stern owns the NBA, he will decide who wins.
FrankPistachio211::My bad; the Rockets were pretty good last year as well.
.jeebus.::The music in the SBC center sucks boner balls.
talkinwolves3325::Budinger's only played 9 minutes?  Guy's been hot lately, get him out there!
don_one89::hi haters
