trombonebiker69::Boozer!
falken751::Does Chicago's Rose do anything but shoot?
soldierjavi::Idiot
lbrownri::Do you do anything but Troll???
trombonebiker69::Are you really that dumb?  He isn't back from his surgery yet.
jeffcastillo1970::I started betting a system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made around 3K a month for 3 consecutive months now using this system. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.
watchDreplay::do the bulls still wanna amnesty boozer?
lbrownri::Probably. He need to restructure that contract to about 40 million.... Then again... he still wouldn't be worth that. He just can't consistently perform at a high enough level to warrant the pay day he received... and I like Boozer.
soldierjavi::I agree. I like Boozer as well he's just not performing well, mainly defensively
100_Spoke_City::Signing Daequan Cook wouldnt be a bad idea, he can help spread the floor.. Houston released him
lbrownri::Won't happen. Chicago will work with what they have, They don't like to get into the Luxury Tax. "Get more for less"
Chicago D.Rose::that will be cool, cause we dont have a true 3 point shooter yet
bcisco3::I say play big if we don't have a sg.  Rose, Deng, Gibson, Boozer, Noah.  And Rotate in Butler and Hamilton.  Once Mirotic comes in two years we'll be real contenders.  Boozer gone, Deng will be traded for a real sg or Butler will be a real starting SG.  Rose Butler/Eric Gordon Deng/Mirotic Gibson - Noah.  Rose will be like 26-27 and we'll be winning an nba championship. Also added will finally be a top five pick from the bobcats.  This is if we make no moves at all except trade deng for someone like eric gordon and keep everything else.
trombonebiker69::You should be a coach.
gocaliforniabears::When is Debrick Rose coming back
Kit Ramsey::@ Zonazoo your mother did the whole Heat team in the alley behind the American airlines arena while u watched.
Zonazoo4life::only thing your killin is the inside of ur g pas rear, later bro
Kit Ramsey::F u!
Zonazoo4life::dude stop liking ur own comments , thats lame man...theres a like that appears within 3 secs of posting it. thats weak. im out of here your creepin me out bro
Kit Ramsey::I knew i get u to leave, i'm a troll killer, u didn't know? And u started it, a ss wipe
Zonazoo4life::cu4m*****
Zonazoo4life::i have one question, does it hurt your throat swallowing all that donkey $@%?
Kit Ramsey::Ha,ha, it's working.
Zonazoo4life::sounds like a blast
Kit Ramsey::I forgot that u did 2 10 year old boys after that.
chitownallday92::why didnt noah play?
trombonebiker69::Flu
pie-express::I think he had the flu.
Erica6592::He had the flu.
Zonazoo4life::I cant chat to long guys , my butt hurts from my grandpa last night..i kinda enjoyed it though. dont judge   -Kit Ramsey
Zonazoo4life::My grandma makes me suck her nipple, it taste like goats milk   -Kit Ramsey
Kit Ramsey::I hope your whole family die in a fire, u maggot!
Zonazoo4life::i get paid to have se9x with donkeys , i love my job:)   -Kit Ramsey
soldierjavi::Lmfao!!!!1
bwp2bruce::I get paid 75 million dollars to ride the bench in fourth quarters. When Rose comes back, I'll stop showing up.   -Carlos Boozer.
Kit Ramsey::That's dumb a-z-z Thibs decision to take him out.
Kit Ramsey::Idiot^^
soldierjavi::Thats cuz he doesnt freakin show up all game. The end of tight games means playing defense. Something he doesnt know of
soldierjavi::Hi I'm Carlos Boozer. I dont know what defense is, and I'm very content with riding the bench thru fourth quarters. I finally decided to show up tonight and drop 32pts. But hey you can consider me a double double machine. Lol
JJATLJJ48::soldier is the biggest moron of all time :)
soldierjavi::Ur mad cuz its the truth. Dnt be buddy. Ur mom still loves u
Kit Ramsey::Moron.
soldierjavi::It happens buddy. Im sure u know the feeling
Kit Ramsey::The game of basketball is all about effort and matchups, if u bring the effort and the matchups favor u, then u will win, and that's what happened tonight.
kambayahsiman::psychotic bulls hang on
Zonazoo4life::2 on two match up  MJ and D Rose on one team  Lebron and Allen Iverson on one team     players are in there prime, who wins and why?
trombonebiker69::MJ would blow by Lebron every time, unless he just shoots a 3.
PSHS_football::KOBE would give it to LeBron head to head, NO doubt about it.   MJ wouldn't?  Please remove your head from your $@%.
Zonazoo4life::sounds like u drank the kool aid, itd be close as hell, we will never know. thats a foolish statement though^
Kit Ramsey::MJ is the GOAT, u better believe that, homie.
Zonazoo4life::hes just too good, not sayin mj isnt..i justfeel he would get out muscled straight up
Kit Ramsey::Ha,ha,ha,ha, MJ would put up 50 against that bum, LMAO!!!
Zonazoo4life::i cant answer that  i just know they are both freaks ..but if i had to put money in one player it would be lebron
Zonazoo4life::i honestly dont think mj could handle jebron
Kit Ramsey::Please, and u think Lebron could guard MJ?
ILLCUBSBEARS::MJ because it's MJ
mksatx::hi im lebron james. i played 40 min tonight and got called for zero fouls.  im that good.
Zonazoo4life::not good enough  to win in cleveland though oh king lebron ?
DavidNanninga::We are not worthy o great one!
DavidNanninga::Anybody else see the article talking about trade options for Demarcus cousins? I actually wouldn't mind seeing him come to the bulls for the right price. Thoughts?
lbrownri::Between him and Thibs, it would be the biggest Soap Opera in sports. Screw it man, let's make it happen...lol
trombonebiker69::We don't want no Kentucky $@%!$@%.
Zonazoo4life::that he is, dude can ball though when he gets in his element..hes solid
Kit Ramsey::Who cares, he needs to be in a straight jacket.
Kit Ramsey::No way in hell, that guy is a MENTAL case.
Zonazoo4life::depending on how easy they can get him, im satisfied with deng...the question his where can we use him, wouldnt mind seein boozer hit the rd honestly
Zonazoo4life::exactly
DavidNanninga::Who wouldn't? The guy doesn't know what defense is.
ILLCUBSBEARS::who will play first in the UC? D Rose or Jonathan Toews
Kit Ramsey::Hockey Sucks, who cares.
Zonazoo4life::agree to disagree
DavidNanninga::It would be a helluva short regular season if they still wanted the playoffs to start in April.
DavidNanninga::Rose, NHL season ain't gonna happen
Zonazoo4life::toews
asdbluecfl::Glad to see Dwight struggle last game 7 points 14 reb is not his normal form. How bout Kobe? 36 points 0 assists. Dwights probably loving LA...
Zonazoo4life::Lets be realistic bulls fans, we dont have a championship contending team this year hell we havent been blowing out any opponents loosing games we shouldnt ,have no idea the condition of rose...if it smells like crap and it looks like crap 9 times out of ten its crap..can we face reality my friends?? btw this is comin from a life long fan / hell have your opinions and get your hopes up, but dont be cryin come play off time
Kit Ramsey::Shut up, u Moron.
Chicago The City Of Starz 2013::DavidNanninga Have you been watching the same team I have? Sure they're above average, and rose coming back will be huge, but I don't seem them getting past the heat or the Knicks in the east this year. And I'm a bulls fan  Heat?? Absolutely they will be tough as hell. But the Knicks?? Cmon man you can't be serious we'd crush those chumps
Zonazoo4life::knicks already eat us once this yr who u tryin to fool
Kit Ramsey::Zonazoo is an Idiot, don't pay attention to him.
Paul Gliori::Could have sworn the Bulls were 2-0 against the Knicks this year.
Chicago The City Of Starz 2013::Yea he's good, but Derrick Rose is better and our defense is much better than theirs
DavidNanninga::Maybe, I'm not sure if amare coming back is a good or bad thing for them. You gotta admit though, melo is pretty damn good
Chicago The City Of Starz 2013::31 and 11 for Boozer?? LMAO
soldierjavi::Its about time shows up huh... He's useless.. I was laughing too
manimarf09::Wow, monster game from Taj tonight. Hope to see more of it, but it's probably only because he was in the starting lineup with Noah out.
lbrownri::He has the potential to post 17/8/5 a night. He don't get the minutes. The guy is fearless and he hasn't come close to his potential. We'll trade em and have him come back and burn us later like J.Crawford/E.Brand/T.Chandler...hell...even K.Korver the other night...lol
69durango::Yes...monster...duh because he played more minutes.
paulsaad::BROOK-LYN    BROOK-LYN   BROOK-LYN
Zonazoo4life::312 ITB WHAT UP
Heel Swag 4 Life::youre an idiot if you dont think chicago is a title contender this year.
Chicago D.Rose::bulls are title contenders, heat are the only team in their way to getting to the finals not the knicks
soldierjavi::ur an idiot for thinking they are title contenders this year
Kit Ramsey::Totally agree.
Zonazoo4life::oh didnt read the fine print
Zonazoo4life::throw OKC in there too bud
DavidNanninga::I said in the east, okc and the clippers and possibly the spurs duke it out in the west. Lakers won't contend.
DavidNanninga::Have you been watching the same team I have? Sure they're above average, and rose coming back will be huge, but I don't seem them getting past the heat or the Knicks in the east this year. And I'm a bulls fan
Kit Ramsey::They blasted the Knicks twice WITHOUT D.Rose, so what the hell are u talking about.
Zonazoo4life::shut up
asdbluecfl::Affalo should of been there to take that last shot. Magic needs a clutch guy, should be him.
Erica6592::I do not expect the Bulls to beat the Heat because of the lack of talent, but what the heck is up with the Heats D? They are rank 18th!  The Bulls ARE 3rd!
Kit Ramsey::Shut up, u old hag.
Erica6592::I'm a Bulls fan and I love your optimism, but there is so way this team could beat the Heat unless, the Heat decides to be lazy!
ron953::It's not gonna be a walk in the park for the Heat i'll tell you that, they don't face a defense like the Bulls to much and if the Bulls can shut down old man Miller or Chalmers and Battier on the 3 point line the Bulls should have this game in the bag!!
ron953::I believe they will play with more intensity against the Heat and will have more rebounds than them..Lebron will get his points they just need to guard the 3 point line and shut them down!!
ron953::That is the reason the Bulls will beat the Heat with dominating defense!!
DavidNanninga::Problem is they're rebounding has SUCKED as of late.
Zonazoo4life::Chicago has had its ups and downs this year, but i really look for them to pick it up in the latter weeks leading to the playoffs, opinions?
Zonazoo4life::the answer is yes in my mind , unless his SUPPORTING cast start playin like a championship team that i know they are
Zonazoo4life::yall seen what lebron did to rose last year..will it be a repeat?
Zonazoo4life::we will see. no doubt he will be his old self..he only knows how to play one gear and thats high, my concern is what condition and what type of longevity he will have
DavidNanninga::He's gonna have to start playing with caution, cause If he tears it again, his Career could be effectively over.
DavidNanninga::I agree, as long as rose is his old self. Then Nate Robinson can finally stop playing, yay!
cowboysfan42799::Cant't wait for the game on Friday! Bring it on Chicago.
Zonazoo4life::what particular comment('s) are you referring to?
cowboysfan42799::I've been looking at some comments on this board and you Bulls fans don't seem confident In the Bulls. As a Heat fan I see them as a real threat. With or without Rose.
Rasta Masta 33::Heat dont know whats coming to them Friday
DavidNanninga::Yeah, Nate Robinson is gonna light them up with his stellar shooting! Oh wait......
Zonazoo4life::cowboysfan42799
Zonazoo4life::hey there cowgirl thanks for joining us
DavidNanninga::Who are you referring too?
DavidNanninga::If wade wants to get himself suspended again, that would be just fine.
NBA_Highlights_23::This game somewhat showed Taj Gibson's potential role as a PF/C after the decision to get Boozer amnestied at the end of the season for more cap space for hunting down a legit  SG starter for the lineup and with that we still have the bobcats 1st round draft pick as well as Nikola Mirotic after his contract is up around 2014-2015.
Kit Ramsey::He's not getting amnestied next yr. 2 years from now.
Erica6592::KD actually got ejected.....WOW!
ron953::If the Bulls make the playoffs and i'm sure they will I believe Thibs should be in the talks for another COY!!
DavidNanninga::I would say when both teams are missing their big stars its a toss up, but with rosé the bulls are clearly better. When does granger come back by the way?
Taco with a Q::Yeah in about a month or so, but I will give the slight edge to the Pacers right now, they have played the 4th most road games this year as well.  They are tough at home
Rasta Masta 33::I think they said mid Feb, Im not sure tho
DavidNanninga::The only team that would compete for the central division crown is the pacers and I think the bulls are better than them. I could see them getting as high as a 3 seed, barring rose comes back before April.
Rasta Masta 33::Sadly I agree, it kills me to say that cause I do not like Indy at all!  They are prob the best team without any superstars.   Them or the Nuggets are the best without a star
Taco with a Q::Pacers are better without both teams having Granger/Rose, but the Bulls are better with Granger/Rose back with their teams
Zonazoo4life::thanks for side stepping my post ron. i know it bears truth, so i dont blame you for no rebuddle
Zonazoo4life::ok ok i must of mis interpreted your post, and for that i apologize
ron953::Didn't side step your post but anyways I never said Rose was gonna come back 100% I said the team will make the play offs but never said they were gonna win the championship I can only hope that happens!!
Zonazoo4life::in addition to my comment, taj has turned into quite the baller too...d rose is just a piece in the puzzle. best player without doubt..but a great player with no supporting cast is nothing..lebron in cleveland case and point
Taco with a Q::Heck 2 of the top 3 defenses in the NBA are in the Central
Taco with a Q::Indy has been playing great without Granger, and now without Hill as well.  That team is playing superb D, its gonna be a battle
ron953::It's not gonna be easy to stay ahead of Indiana in the division cause they are rounding out to be a dangerous team!!
Taco with a Q::Ok Ill give you that
ron953::Taco with a q ... well in the East it is way more defensive while in the West most teams are offensive minded so actually winning in the East is not a piece of cake
Zonazoo4life::sounds like your drinkin the crazy kool aid ron
Zonazoo4life::actually just name me one ron, can you name one??
Zonazoo4life::ron name 3 players that had season ending injuries and came back  and made it to a championship ...case and point ron
Zonazoo4life::play offs possible but not soley because of d rose!!! deng, noah, boozer we got some dogs son, hell ya rose is a monster..but i can gurantee ya he wont be what he was..and you can take that to the bank history has proven
Taco with a Q::Like I said tho making the playoffs is easy when you have a decent team in the east
ron953::Your point not taken...I never said they were gonna win the championship I said they were gonna make they play offs!!
ron953::My bad didn't catch the part where you said predict, Are you a Bulls fan?
Taco with a Q::No I am not
Zonazoo4life::this ron is a little loopy, i wouldnt take him too serious
ron953::So now you know the future, you are entitled to your opinion but we will have to see what happens when he does come back and he will be ready to do what ever he can for the team!!
Taco with a Q::When did I say I know the future?  WTF are you coming up with this stuff?  Im just being realistic here but I could be wrong
Zonazoo4life::hey taco sorry my boy was on here screwin around, hope i didnt hurt ur feelings
Taco with a Q::lol ok
Zonazoo4life::ill make sure he gets repermended for talkin to a lady like that
Taco with a Q::Im a big girl, I can handle myself.  Offending me online is impossible to do
ron953::When Rose comes back they will be in the hunt and Thibs will definitely be in the talks for COY especially losing the whole bench from last year and no Rose for most of the season!!
Kit Ramsey::The bench from last year SUCKED, and they are ALL struggling except Asik.
Rasta Masta 33::I agree Taco....I see him being ready for next season even though I would love to see him make noise right away, but your right I dont think will win the division either
Taco with a Q::Ok you realize Rose will make an impact but not where the point the Bulls will be contenders right?  No guarntee he will be the same player, and don't bring up Peterson on the Vikings,  his comeback from an ACL is something very rare.  I predict the Bulls finishing 2nd in the division and getting 5th or 6th seed
Taco with a Q::If they dont win the division he wont, making the playoffs in the EC isnt a hard thing to do, tho lesser teams make it appear so
Zonazoo4life::I like to take rides on old men   -Taco with a Q
Zonazoo4life::your a punk, come on down to parkersburg buddy...bet ya wouldnt be so tough..nothin but a damn punk
Taco with a Q::Ok tough man threatening online, how cute are you?
Taco with a Q::I see Ive done my job in getting into your head, lol hate some more why dont ya :)
BABY IGGY..ROSE SUCKS.JUST JOAKIM.::Rose/ Teague Evans/ Corey Brewer Deng/ Butler Mirotic/ Gibson Noah/ pick used with the bobcat's pick
Kit Ramsey::Nobody is trading for Boozer, so shut up about that, dam!
ron953::What?
BABY IGGY..ROSE SUCKS.JUST JOAKIM.::Pick up tyreke this offseason and the rest is in the next 2 years
chris johnson 558::Very proud of this Orlando Magic team. They play hard every night, know matter what the score is. I remember how some of better teams would just mail it in once they got down, and it was really upsetting. As long as they keep playing like this the wins will come.
Kit Ramsey::No moral victory's son, NONE.
get_owned586::i was just thinking the same thing. this team clearly plays hard for themselves and for vaughn. i think hes a great fit and is going to be a very good coach. These young guys are seeing some vital minutes and will only grow with time. And Vucevic is making that trade for howard not look so lopsided
ron953::Orlando does play with a lot of heart especially in the fourth quarter they were down and just kept fighting back..props to your team and good luck the rest of the season!!
Taco with a Q::Lebron choked, misses the GW shot
Zonazoo4life::who in the sam hell do you think you are buddy, i dont appreciate that langauge, how bout you come down to parkersburg WV. and i whoop that rear
Taco with a Q::Lol!!  too funny
Zonazoo4life::ha feel like we're dealin with the rainman
Taco with a Q::too bad I havent trolled at all, I was just saying Lebron choked in missing a GW shot,  so take that tampon out of your $@%!$@ and man up without being all butt hurt
Zonazoo4life::exactly
ron953::Ya especially when someone leaves a short sentence for a comment their usually just trolling!!
Zonazoo4life::you agree ron?
Taco with a Q::Honestly your best bet is not to talk to me if you wanna avoid more trouble, just a heads up
Taco with a Q::Your wish has been denied
Zonazoo4life::i wish you would get the hell out of this board buddy
Taco with a Q::No offense dude, but IDGAF what you think about me
ron953::Again
Zonazoo4life::buddy no offense, but half the post you put on here sound like your half re6tarded
Taco with a Q::I didnt say a word on the heat board but nice try
Zonazoo4life::just stupid off the cuff bs, i saw ya in the heat board puttin a bunch of non sence too
Taco with a Q::Like what?
Flying Through Madison Street::Ok here is a bold move the bulls could have did before the season Traded taj and noah to the twolves for kevin love and resigned asik and traded deng for gay  pg:rose sg:blah blah sf:rudy gay pf:Love C:Asik
Kit Ramsey::How the hell are they going to get Asik?
NBA_Highlights_23::I'd rather take O.J mayo
acewomack27::What about boozer
Taco with a Q::Love is untouchable
Taco with a Q::Youd have to give up more than Noah and Taj then
Flying Through Madison Street::not so sure
ron953::Rose is traveling with the team which is a good thing and he's gonna be at the next game against the Heat, I bet his adrenaline will be pumping and would love to be on the floor but I heard he should be back after the All Star break if everything goes well...Rose is very missed on the team but thankfully the Bulls are on top of their division and will be in good shape when he comes back...Go Bulls!!
Zonazoo4life::wow well said ron
Derrick Roses Skittles::They're doing surprisingly well. Exceeded my expectations. Let's go!
ron953::I agree because when they traded their whole bench last year I thought it was gonna be a rebuilding year but with Thibs as coach nothing really surprises me!!
Zonazoo4life::When i was a kid my grandmother made me suck her nipple , it tasted like goats milk   -Johnbadrov
BABY IGGY..ROSE SUCKS.JUST JOAKIM.::TAJ= beast
ScalabrineSwag::he needs to be more consistent
BABY IGGY..ROSE SUCKS.JUST JOAKIM.::2 years, i think, he might be amnestied though, who knows
ScalabrineSwag::when is boozers contract over?
BABY IGGY..ROSE SUCKS.JUST JOAKIM.::his playing time needs to increase for that to happen, when boozer is gone we'll see him with similar numbers
ScalabrineSwag::is everybody prepared for the stupidity of the heat fans on fri?
Zonazoo4life::yall are fools
Taco with a Q::aww sad panda ^^
superman253540::They dont have fans
Taco with a Q::Since 2010 haha what fans
Derrick Roses Skittles::I'm probably avoiding the board Friday..
Taco with a Q::And Im not even a Bulls fan, but Heat fans are horrid
Taco with a Q::They are the worst
Taco with a Q::They are down currently now
chris johnson 558::to be honest bulls fans are one of the best fan bases i have ever seen on an espn board
Zonazoo4life::wow you really said it
CrazySoccerMan9::You know it!
ron953::Thanks bud!!
BruceLee-roy1::respect
ChiTown_Soldier::Truth
The Bat of Adam Dunn::Valencia? That's something you don't see every day.
chris johnson 558::lol
The Bat of Adam Dunn::...you'll notice that I have Brighton, Napoli, and Norwich on mine haha
The Bat of Adam Dunn::That they are - it's just not something you see every day. No judgments :)
chris johnson 558::they are a good team
BABY IGGY..ROSE SUCKS.JUST JOAKIM.::thank you, philly fans and c's fans hate us
ScalabrineSwag::THANK YOU
Derrick Roses Skittles::Thank you dude. We appreciate it.
ScalabrineSwag::Bulls need to figure out how to put teams away
ScalabrineSwag::for sure
Derrick Roses Skittles::They're missing the "closer"
BruceLee-roy1::Kirk Hinrich=Terrible handles..Terrible shooting..Gets Burned easily by quicker guards
ScalabrineSwag::i agree but our offense runs better with him. robinson is so terrible and screws up our offensive flow.
BruceLee-roy1::good point
I AM BACK HA HA HA HA HA::MJ &gt; MJ
ScalabrineSwag::the thing about hinrich is he cant shoot...but our offense works much better when he is in the game.
Derrick Roses Skittles::he's a good passer.
ScalabrineSwag::yeah...and without hinrich robinson would have to run the offense all the time...that wouldnt end well
ron953::Taj Gibson Played over 44 minutes and had a great game in place of Noah, 21 pts. 11 rbs. 4 blocks and a few assists and people on here are talking about trading him...Wake up people he is going no where!!
The Bat of Adam Dunn::It's about time. Tired of seeing stat lines where he collects all of 4 points and 2 rebounds in 20 minutes.
ron953::When he actually can play a whole game and be part of the offense this is what happens!!
Art22mac::1 game against Orlando...:/
ScalabrineSwag::no big man depth means noah boozer and taj all staying
