BYUrepublican::jimmer 8 minutes.. sigh...................
davidb9956::i know right
Reality_And_Truth::The NBA is racist....they don't want a white player to succeed.......or at least Keith Smart is racist......
JBurhenn253::and you are an idiot
JBurhenn253::nope, i have no problem with jimmer. i actually think he may be a decent player, the only reason i commented was because the nba doesnt care who succeeds. white or black. they dont care. also i dont drink coffee so no, i wont be going to get some starbucks
Reality_And_Truth::Because you don't like Jimmer ? Go get a cup of starbucks and chill out.....the Sonics are never coming home.....
Gstoll1977::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
The Lakers are good at basketball::WOW WHAT A CLASH OF THE TITANS
seattleitez::LAKERS SUCK
jyetter247::http://www.yetterisland.blogspot.com  Interesting stuff, pretty funny. 5 ways to improve baseball, why leBron is a loser, and more
socal2092::We need a new coach, a new arena, and some new owners! What we don't need is a new city for this team.
4th_Owns_Lebron::The lack of jimmer was a huge factor in the win
lmorg9::Wrong!
L.A.beanbryant::psh this team needs to give Terrence more love. Come on down to L.A. and drop dimes next yr T-WiLL we know ur a beast!
iwantfrysREBORN::yeeeaaaaaaaaaah WESLEY MATTHEWS DOIN WORK Too bad they lost... -__-
seattleitez::Wow I can't believe Jimmer made that!!!
yorklinks1::buy the lephone, only vibrates no ring haha LECHOKE see pic of the phone here http://bustasports.com/?page_id=169
Kobelies247::Nice game blazers :)  You did GREAT!!!
thenbatmm::jason terry misses game tying layup! unbelievable!!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUOE6XQmUsU
Echelon27::Wow almost no one left messages on this board, imagine a Bobcats vs Hornets board
whodeanie4::Such $@%!$@%!!!!! How does Jimmer not play more. I swear Sacramento's coach is a racist piece of $@%!! Just sayin
kmeriano::Maybe because he doesn't play defense?  It's unreal how Jimmermania makes people completely oblivious to the fact that Jimmer is too slow and predictable to be getting more than 15 minutes a game.  Don't get me wrong - I like Jimmer, and I think he can be a fantastic role player/energy guy off the bench....but making him out to be a starter over what we currently play and knocking coach Smart is moronic.
itsatrap123::There have been times where Jimmer has done well and Smart has benched him for some odd reason. Lately Fredette seems to have gained Smart's trust but other than the Cousins situation, it doesn't seem like Smart has done too much. He's only coached the Kings (as a head coach) for a couple of months though-maybe in time him and the Kings will get better.
JBurhenn253::yes he did play great for those 8 mins but there is no way possible to guarantee that he wouldve kept that pace. the kings won, thats all that matters and should matter, even for jimmer
JBurhenn253::haha oh ya i forgot about that.
itsatrap123::Knowing Jimmer, he'll take the win. Sure the guy wants to play but he's all about winning.
Astro_Dawg::If Jimmer played 42 minutes he would have scored 42 points, duh!
whodeanie4::7 points in 8  minutes in the first half and then doesn't go in again until 5 seconds left in the game? their is no other way to say it.... Jimmer isn't black enough for coach smart.
pismohoops::I can't wait until Jimmer goes to another team and show hows stupid Keith Smart is.  A la Jeremy Lin
Billywhiterock::Kings to Seattle Nate McMillan new coach  DONE!
ZRated77::Good..then you can spend the next 4 years listening to SAC fans whining about their dead and gone team....
PhatmanXL::Memo to Seattle: Your crappy fan base didn't support the Sonics and the majority of the people there didn't care that they left. Horrible devotion considering they are the only sports franchise you have that's ever won anything. The Kings aren't moving there----you'd have to knock down 5 or 6 Starbucks to put a new stadium in, you have no public transit or freeway system, and there is no room in town for them with Pete Caroll's ego taking up half the city.
JBurhenn253::have you been to seattle? we definitely have a freeway system and public transit.
Billywhiterock::You're an idiot, do not speak on things you know nothing about.  The fans in Seattle were powerless to stop Bennett and his bed buddy Stern.  Welcome to Seattle Kings!! :)
jgordon46::If you take the Kings from us Kevin Johnson will personally come to Seattle and steal the space needle.
navyslson1::Thank You!  -Cavs Fans
almalex5::Good win supersonics
juno71::lol blazers suck
Strobes503::hopefully bad enough to get 2 top 10 picks!
phunky58::where do i get myself an isaiah thomas king's jersey.   big time player not getting any recognition this year
JoeBoxer249::he's meh...
JBurhenn253::youre not so smart
Gang_Green02::This is a horribly, horribly written article.
DuceSkywalker::hoped they booed the Magoofs.....
--KINGME--::GG Blazers and GL the rest of the way. Exciting game, fun win. GN all Go Kings!
froggy5435::Blazers do not guard anyone and they are playing pick up style of basketball.  No set plays...every shot is off the dribble.  The coach doesn't know what he is doing. You can't win on a consistent basis playing this style.  The efficiency ratings are awful.
seattleitez::Wait are you talking about the Kings?
Strobes503::it's supposed to be that way. The management fired the coach, you got a first time coach who actually isn't that bad, but they are playing with almost completely new guys. Hopefully we get 2 top 10 picks and the rebuild process will be on it's way. Oh, and Lamarcus Aldridge is out for the season, so it's pretty much over. Can't wait
CharlesRiver27::Jimmer scores almost a point per minute on 50% shooting during the first half, and yet he gets zero minutes in the second half?!? Smart's ability to manage minutes for his players makes zero sense. I've stopped trying to figure it out. I've given him the benefit of the doubt, but based on what I've seen throughout the season I have come to one conclusion: He's not a good coach.
PhatmanXL::Jimmer is incredibly limited as a player. He can't handle the ball or create his own shot. He is a defensive liability and very slow.   He works best as a set shooter with a guy like Williams setting him up off of his penetration.  By the way, you'll be eating your words when Smart turns this team around in two seasons and gets Coach of the Year.
Reality_And_Truth::Keith Smart is a racist.....does not like Jimmer because he is white......
seattleitez::Coach of the year!  LOL
pismohoops::youre an idiot
--KINGME--::duh
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::Can't wait until IT is a Sonic!
Calioyo::Why even watch the Blazers? essentially a Summer league team at this point.  Hopefully the draft and free agency turns out well, and they can have a quick turn around back to playoff contention.
RapCity26::20 layups for the Kings. what a joke
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::joke is making 16 threes and still losing
--KINGME--::good game from the starters besides JT
Rip_City27::Alright good game good talkin Kings fans I'm outty
--KINGME--::GG and GL
tsauenshuo::Kings is better without Terek and use JT and Thomas...also give jimmy and Garcia some minutes
--KINGME--::well all teams besides NO are playing for MKG because stern will give #1 to NO. If NYK miss the playoffs he might give it to them
falcoff818::Sullinger wont be in the top 5 and maybe slip out of the top 10, Thomas Robison, The Brow, MKG, Andre Drummond, Brad Beal are going in the top 5, harrison barns might slip in there
kfilter::no kidding. Any other guys that havent declared that will be high lottery? Because i dont want sullinger or drummond
DyersEve06::Maybe he'll give NO the number two so it doesn't seem quite so shady.  Let Jordan have the brow.
--KINGME--::No he wants to give the team he used to own the brow
gezabcmures::is this game over?
Rip_City27::Not yet 2 mins left, stay tuned
kfilter::We are still .011 percentage points below cleveland. Hopefully they get a win
kfilter::oh ok. Ya maybe not but i hope they do
kfilter::i meant in the next couple games
DyersEve06::me too.  Seriously though, they won't be winning many more.
DyersEve06::Already lost.
kfilter::IT has good press conferences
Rip_City27::Thomas is a really well spoken kid too, big fan of him
Metta.Worldhate.::Haha, God hates Portland.
abuja19::Well done Kings!
mark52587::Wow, Portland had 17 TO's compared to Sacramento's 6. This shouldn't have been a close game...
brigdengenis24::IT is a good starting pg.
seattleitez::Good at losing games
PhatmanXL::check the numbers since Thomas has been the starter: you are completely wrong.
JBurhenn253::about what?
JBurhenn253::but apparently sac town doesnt have a good starting pg
Double it up::Lol Kings are dumb. They needed to lose that for sole possession of the 4th worst record now they are tied with Cleveland.
SB4LlFE::besides, even if the kings are tanking, blazers suck for losing to a tank team
Az1atic187::its not like it matters, Stern already knows who hes giving the #1 to
SB4LlFE::you are the dumb one, PLAYERS DON'T TANK, only managements do
kfilter::seriously...there goes our slim lottery chances. Except cleveland moved from like 12 to 1 last year
Rip_City27::Crawford you p*ssy
tsauenshuo::he is masterbaiting..
Pintz11::LOL U MADDDD 101
RapCity26::Where the hell was he?
Rip_City27::No clue I just saw him jokin around with Thornton though dressed down and everything
RapCity26::F U C K U BLazers!
JimboNoyes::BETTER TO BE A HAZ BEEN THEN A NEVER WAS SAC TOWN YOU COW SMELLING HICKS
abuja19::We don't smell cows in Sacramento. There's barely any hicks here. Grow up, fool.
tsauenshuo::blazers now is most overrated team....just bet every game lose...you will earn free money
tsauenshuo::blazers is another GS....but better than GS now....for GS...i doubt if they can beat D-leage team...
SB4LlFE::gs have a bright future
SB4LlFE::blazers are the next mediocre team to go nowhere
tsauenshuo::over 50% FG....and 3pts...still lose....well....you can see how bad blazers is....
Sinistar00::overrated? lol everyone knows they are in tank mode
JimboNoyes::you are wrong
Forever KINGS::<b>KINGS WIN!!  GG BLAZERS  GO KINGS!!!</b>
--KINGME--::GG Blazers
kfilter::nooooooo
SB4LlFE::lol at the blazers...
Pintz11::BLAZERS ARE GUTTER TRASH LOL
