rdp156::And the beards begin to grow again...
Griss13ears::Missed the game last night. Did our bench really score 64 points?!?! That is refreshing. Keep it up guys.
TheTigerFan555::Good win for the Grizzlies, and it was great to see the bench play so well.    I really wish we could have found a way to acquire Vince Carter at the trade deadline though.  That guy can ball!  And he would have been the perfect addition to our bench.
Los Angeles Lakers.::They shouldn't have shaved until they were above .500
nicksdaboss44::nuggets are way better than grizzlies
gasol1883::I wouldn't say way better. All four games this year were decided in the last minute, 3 of which happened when the griz still had Rudy Gay. The Griz unit now is more polished and well rounded, not to mention the Nugs are hurting with a few guys banged up. If these two teams play it would go 7 no doubt.
joshman0219::Nah, we'd beat nugs in 6 I honestly believed. They're hoppled pretty good.
1grizzfan4life::Nope
gasol1883::AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH DAMN BUCKS COULDN'T PLAY 14 SECONDS OF DEFENSE COME ON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
epitome1986::oj mayo wants 10 million plus a year, but in the last month and a half has been averaging about 10 points a game?
NBA Announcer::Enjoy your 5 seed Memphis
joshman0219::With home court…
MTN_HIGH_CO::Thanks Dallas.  Now the media can go back to licking Romo's ,,,,
ITSATRAPFTW::Hope Mavs can get to .500 again on Wednesday!
Greygoose crew::Trade dirk for Luke Walton
ballin_like_jordannn::$@%! YOU DALLAS YOU ARE THE REASON LAKERS WILL NOW MAKE THE PLAYOFFS. MEMPHIS WILL DESTROY THE JAZZ
roy2daboy::Good night for Memphis sports.  The Grizz beat the Mavs in hoops.  The Tigers sweep the #17 Black Bears of Old P..iss in college baseball.
Wyatt1-25-11::You live in Memphis and Ole Miss went home to Oxford, you lose.
joah5454_3::Dirk and Kidd should have retired after winning the Finals
no look high five::I'll just say it.   OJ will not be in a Mavs uni next year. Not a chance.   And that's a shame.
Mike Honcho Spreads::No, it is not a shame at all. Look at his stats for the second half.. yuck
James82931::http://youtu.be/GLMJIFljGoQ
Beanslams46::The Grizz will send the clips packing.
1grizzfan4life::Great job by the bench tonight! Go Grizzlies!!
Please be rational::Way to go Bucks! Yall could have made the playoff picture more interesting down the stretch with a win at home! Was that too much to ask? As of now, I'm in favor of the Bucks being relocated to Las Vegas... The Las Vegas Bucks... Instead of the animal, their mascot could just be a Benjamin or something lol... Screw the damn Bucks!!!     Anyways, Go Grizz!
tmoneyinmphs::Denver is guaranteed home court now at the 3 or 4 seed.  Clippers can't drop below 4th.  Grizz are out of the race for the 3 seed.  Grizz only hope now is to get home court as the 5 seed, but they will need the clippers to lose a game for that to happen.
Grindhouse2413::roy2daboy So we might as well rest the starters on Wednesday night.  Man I hope you are kidding. No matter what, I want a win at home for the last game of the season. I want to be rolling as we enter the playoffs. No Mercy. We started off this amazing season winning against Utah, I want to end it the SAME EXACT WAY
roy2daboy::So we might as well rest the starters on Wednesday night.
Kobe. The Gloat. Bryant::Why?  They can still get HC over the Clips if they lose at Portland out of their final 2 games.
bulldogsgrizz93::Depends on what the clips do tomorrow
GoTigers2015::It's a shame Kobe's injury overshadowed what was another rigged game in the Lakers favor
Beanslams46::Didn't it surprise you how many games the warriors won this season? They were only the commish's pet to squeeze out the Lakers. Their luck just ran out.
Beanslams46::Howard would have been brilliant all season long had the league not made a serious effort to mess with him in foul trouble or to ONLY send him to the line on hack a dwight. The league has RARELY given him an "and one" all season. Look closely at Pau's games and you will see a man ALWAYS hacked and rarely sent to the line.
bulldogsgrizz93::So Stern caused Nash and Gasol to get injured and for Howard to play terrible?
Beanslams46::Since day one of the season, the commish has worked to keep the Lakers at bay, but because the Lakers have made such an incredible breakthrough since the all star break, the commish has realized screwing with the Lakers' cinderella story, at this stage, is not practical, even for him.
bulldogsgrizz93::You really think Stern doesn't want the Lakers in the playoffs?
Beanslams46::Tony parker going 1 for 10 was not rigged, lol.
GoTigers2015::I was referencing the Warriors game, moron
Beanslams46::The spurs are practically BEGGING the Warriors to win to eliminate the possibility of the Lakers moving UP to the 7th spot and face the spurs who already tanked games to flee from the Lakers in the 8th spot. Timmy can run, but can't seem to hide from the Lakers.
GoTigers2015::Lakers are garbage, look at their record vs playoff teams and top 4 in the west, thanks for playing
.Batman.::All 3 Lakers-Spurs games were within 5 points and the Lakers weren't fully healthy in any of them. The Spurs do not match up well with them.
Kobe. The Gloat. Bryant::And?  The Lakers own the Spurs in the playoffs.  Try again though
GoTigers2015::Okay, also in 2011, I recall Memphis I guess intentionally trying to keep the 8 seed since they were matching up so well with the SAS. So seeding matters a lot, to further strengthen that
BuffaloBiLLiaM::...and your's is wrong
roy2daboy::Let's just agree to disagree then.
roy2daboy::You have your opinion, I have mine.
GoTigers2015::You can disagree, but what you say that seeding is unimportant is just wrong, but okay
roy2daboy::You see the glass half empty.  I see the glass half full.
GoTigers2015::No, it's not really that kind of thing, you said seeding doesn't mean anything, that's not true at all, your comparison to 1 NFL playoff game was awful
emthomasjr::Two consecutive 30 point quarters from the Grizzlies is evidence that somebody other than the starters played a lot in the second half, even if you didn't watch the game or look at the rest of the box score.  We just don't have that kind of firepower in the starting line up, which is why rotations are so critical for us to get the scoring going.
washheightsboy3::What a finish for Denver. Good luck in the post season Memphis. Maybe we'll see you.
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::Good luck rest of the way. WCF  Girzz vs Nuggets. Let's goo..!!
IversonDaGreatest3::does utah own the tiebreaker with the lakers
GoTigers2015::Yep, but that's not saying much
roy2daboy::Anyone should know that seeding doesn't mean sh..it when it comes to the playoffs.  Denver fans should know that when the Broncos lost to the Ravens
emthomasjr::I agree with seeding, but it's about match-ups though.  We socked it so the Nuggets one good time and they edged us 3 times during the season.  The matchup is not the best, but it is closer than many believe.  I'm not sure what the deal is with us vs. the Clips.
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::I would rather face Rockets/Warriors over Memphis..!!
GoTigers2015::Seeding is actually pretty important, NFL playoffs is 1 game, series is best of 7 lol dude c'mon
GoTigers2015::roy2daboy - Well from experiencing the years of not being in the playoffs in compared to now,  I'm just happy that we're in.  I'm not
roy2daboy::Well from experiencing the years of not being in the playoffs in compared to now,  I'm just happy that we're in.
GoTigers2015::It's important actually, but you can pick one instance where it wasn't, it's about match ups and seeding is important, that's why you'd be excited as I would be to get a 3 seed as opposed to a 5 seed
roy2daboy::It wasn't important in 2011 when we beat a 1 seed Spurs and was a game shy of playing in the WCF.
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::Yo Grizz fans, you mad bro?
faargsob::Yeah man, we're super mad. Keeping it classy I see.
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::I respect Grizz. See you in the WCF..!!
GoTigers2015::Way to post too soon
JamesGetDownBrown::Bro should be plural since you referred to the fan base.
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::Ok Mr. Johnson..!!
GoTigers2015::Not really, more mad at saturday's game, missed free throws cost us
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::Good luck in the playoffs. Beat the Clippers and Thunder. See you WCF..!!
roy2daboy::Let them win guys.  Pressure will be on them as a 3 seed to play like one in the playoffs.
roy2daboy::Nothing is ever guaranteed.  Remember us being an 8 seed and we beat the 1 seed Spurs.
emthomasjr::Especially from a Grizzlies standpoint, I mean.  The match-up vs. the Warriors in the first round is MUCH more preferable than either the Nuggs or Clips.
emthomasjr::Meh....they will play the Warriors.  That's almost a guaranteed sweep.
goldtedz::dang they got Milwaukee<b>Bucked.</b>
JamesGetDownBrown::My name's Buck, and I'm here to party
JamesGetDownBrown::F'n Ty Lawson
Everyday im Shufflin 290::Nuggets won -_-
emthomasjr::Great win.  Hopefully Hollins figured out something with his bench moving forward.  It was a little extreme tonight, but they can score.
its1929again::denver up by 1 with 9 seconds left
MTorres727@gmail.com::i dont care
defenderofthefaith7::The Bucks were just being the Bucks and lost
Beanslams46::At least the Bucs had the opportunity to win the game with the last shot.
TMoney51691::You gotta admit, Grizz and Clippers is gonna be an awesome 1st round series to watch.
TMoney51691::I personally would also like to see Houston and Denver if it stays that way.
joshman0219::Gs vs denver
emthomasjr::Clips Grizz would be a more compelling story from a national standpoint than Nuggs Grizz.
faargsob::Could still play the Nuggs
Beanslams46::Oh yeah, the clips have already chartered a boat for themselves to go fishin'.
77Stan81::Yawn - a couple of pretenders
TMoney51691::What matchup do you think is better?
Beanslams46::VInce didn't shave this morning in anticipation of today's mav's game, which proved to be a wise decision. Dirk refuses to comment on the current beard situation.
danielc901::Monta Ellis just hit a crazy 3 and was fouled. GO BUCKS!
GoTigers2015::Stern doesn't care now that Kobe is injured, after the NBA champion is crowned, there will be a full article on Kobe's reaction
pride4jc1222::<b><a>Grizzlies (55-26, 24-17 away) Mavericks (40-41, 23-17 home)</a></b>
MTorres727@gmail.com::Grizlies have the worst record in NBA history in total games
GoTigers2015::dude, but they got a ring two years ago, lay off
Whutitdew3::keep it classy griz fans lol.
faargsob::Bucks up 1!
defenderofthefaith7::Denver is losing.  Memphis has a chance at the3 seed.
77Stan81::Better man up against Utah
MTorres727@gmail.com::Grizzlie fans you aint getting past the first round keep dreaming
JamesGetDownBrown::Monta Ellis just hit a 3 to tie against the nuggs with seconds left. He also got fouled in the process....
roy2daboy::Let's keep it classy Grizz fans.
Everyday im Shufflin 290::64 bench points holy cow
Ez Roc::bucs tied the game!
