Kim-Uyen Dinh::Rubio=worst shooting and ball handling PG brewer=screwball love=off and on; no inside game martin=can only shoot, no D peko=beast inside; maybe only wolves playing hard every game bench=suck too coach=need a new one
Jared Keen::Rubio cant handle? his TO rate is low for the amount it runs through him. His shooting isn't great but he doesn't need to, he still draws defenders every drive.
Jesse Huber::Time to fire Adelman. 0-10 in games decided by 4 points or less and tonight was enough for me. Fire Rick now and just let Flip coach the season. NO MORE ADELMAN! NO MORE CHOKING!
Tyler Clouse::Adelman doesn't take the final shot, the players do. You want to go back to the Wolves ways before Adelman? At least we are in a position to win day in and day out, we just haven't gotten any clutch plays in those 10 games
Jesse Huber::Tyler Clouse - What's the difference? I didn't watch then and I'm not going to watch anymore now either. At least back in the KG-Flip Era, you had this feeling like maybe they could win tough games, that they could compete. Heck, I actually thought they were going to win the title once. This team? 0-10. Enough said. It's not worth another dollar or even another post. I'm out. Goodbye.
Rob Horton::Tyler Clouse Wolves didn't have any good players then.  Adelmann is supposedly a "great coach"  well, he sucks.
Greyhound Rick::Suns might be the story of the NBA this year! Wow, what a great bunch! Love this team! Hey, lets win the division!! :-)
Brandon Duenas::Ugh. My Suns played horrible tonight now we have to face a solid Wolves team in the second of a back to back without Bledsoe on the road. Going to be a tough game for us. Oh well, Go Suns!
Minnesota Sports Memes::Time to see where we stand. Go Wolves!, UNITED WE... Run, Walk, FREEZE IN THE COLD, Win, Lose, Complain about bad reffing, Are confused when Love misses ALL THREE FREE THROWS, and MOST IMPORTANTLY like Minnesota Sports Memes.
James Coy::nice post
Brandon Duenas::If Bledsoe was healthy this game wouldn't have been close.
Barry McCockiner::Yes Minnesota would have won
Luke Skare::Stop blaming the refs, the Wolves are shooting 32%...
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::suns are shooting 34% too and they put up 53.. u nreal haha
Jared Keen::The number of missed shooting fouls and getting slammed in the paint with no calls kinda hurts that. Sure Love and Pek arent having the best games either, but with refs so obviously biased to one team just compounds the problem. 3 Suns players harrass a ref and get no tech call, love waves his hand after a BS flop in a jump ball which should never have even happened and gets a tech.
Julian Miller::you don't make as many shot when you're getting fouled...
Chris Rosario::That's right, my SUNS pull it out!!! Wolves 0-10 in close game decided by 4 or less, can you say choke city! Dragic, is the man playing at an all star level...#Orangenation
Miki Bogner::Kevin Love is the biggest reason why the Minnesota Timberwolves are one of the highest scoring teams in the NBA ! SHAME YOU ESPN  ..WHAT ABOUT PEKOVIC !!!!!!  He is one of most important player in Wulvs ..SHAME YOU !!!!!!!!
Jesse Huber::Love is the biggest reason for sure that the Wolves rank # 2 in PPG, but Martin averages 20 and Pek I think averages 16. Certainly, those 2 guys are important. When you have 3 real scoring options, there's only so much the opponent can do to defend all that, especially because the 3 scorers we're talking about here are all very different types of players.
Jordan Vanderbilt::Love might be the best white bball player since bird..
Harold Nations::Don't forget guys named Nash and Nowitzki!  3 mvps between them and Love is unlikely to ever get one.
Rob Horton::With a real coach the Wolves would have 5+ more wins.  0-10 in 4pt games is only his fault and he suKed last year too.  Time for him to GOOOOO!
Jesse Huber::This is a good opportunity for the Wolves to knock off one of the weaker teams with a +500 record and build a little confidence. I still think this team can play better and will play better, particularly on defense. Brewer and Rubio can certainly guard most players or at least make a great scorer work for it, but the player I'm watching is Pekovic. We know he score and get rebounds, but I think his defensive abilities are improving some. He's not a legendary defender, but I think he is a slightly better than average post defender and his reputation seems to be that he's just another junk Euro defender, which is totally false if you ask me. As for tonight, I think both teams will top 100 points, good chance the Wolves get the win.
Ryan Ciantar::"weaker"  +.500 teams?  The Suns have played and beat some pretty good teams.  They barely lost on the road in OKC and SA.  They were without Eric Bledsoe tonight as well.
Mike Eagen::Ryan Ciantar Yeah, you noticed that one too? "Weaker?" As if!! Surprising, maybe, but "weaker?" I don't think so. Wasn't it Bill Parcells who said that "You are what your record says you are." That being the case, one can hardly call the Suns "weak." They are young and athletic, and right now, they seem to be playing for the sheer fun of it, and that's never a bad thing. If 21 and 13 is "weak," I'll take "weak" just about every time.
Jesse Huber::Mike Eagen - That's a joke. Both of you are a joke. You think the Suns are really one of the "stronger" teams above .500? "As if" you were really in the same class as those stronger teams.
Arlen Hartoonian::Rubio = LOL worst Shooting PG in NBA History.... Martin = LOL 1 dimensional player, all he can do is score, cant rebound, pass, defend Brewer = Huge flopper, low IQ, misses dunks all the time, cant shoot 3s Love = Cant Dunk, overrated, way too soft, horrible passer, cant defend Pekovic = Same as Love TWolves Bench = HORRIBLE Adelman = Just retire coaching already
Eddie Cruz::I agree with all except Kevin Love. He had an off night, but he's a terrific player.
Jared Keen::Martin can rebound and pass. Brewer has a high IQ, you don't et his transition points mark without reading the court, and you don't get to his defensive level either.. Love can dunk, just not flashy. Hardly overrated being 2nd in scoring and reb in the league with a team that can shoot and rebound and love is one of the best outlet passers and his 4'ish apg attest to that... Pek soft? Are you really going to say Pek is soft? Top centers call him tough for a reason
Barret Mielke::I think I know why the Suns are having a miracle season. These guys don't even have to play, the refs are on their team. This game is in Minnesota for crying out loud! I hate the verticality rule! Love is getting mangled! What was that tech on Love for? Good sportsmanship? Show him some respect, he might be the best player in the league!
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::suns are a great team too bad bledsoe aint playing tonight. the reffing will even out in the second half
Brandon Duenas::I lost brain cells while reading this post.
Jesse Huber::Get rid of Rubio. He sucks. He was SCARED TO DEATH to shoot that ball so he tried to make a pass through 2 defenders that were right on top of him lol... Oh man this kid totally sucks. He has to go. He's a loser I don't care how cool he looks 8-9 times a game with some Sega Genesis old school passing. He is a LOSER.
Jarrod Mauren::Agree with most of it.... Sad to watch him some times. Body language, pouting, he's so weak it's sad too.
Eric Jensen::Rubio needs to learn quick, take some contact and get to the line. also take a charge once and awhile, he was in position to draw one from dragic late and instead he fouled and gave up a layup
Jim Diveley::Ugly game but somehow managed to pull it out.  Back to back games but glad they got the win.  LB looked decent for being out recoverring from a knee injury.
Jesse Huber::Season over. I won't watch another Wolves game until Rubio and Adelman are gone. Heck, get EVERYONE out the door except Pek and Love.
Tony Hartmann::That would be a good start. I would keep Martin as well.
Jesse Huber::Tony Hartmann - No way. He's dead to me too. Martin should have knocked down that shot and he has a long history of failing miserably with missed shots, terrible fouls, etc at the end of games. He's a loser. He's not a bad player, but he is a loser. You can't win with him.
David Andaya Palafox::I say you trade Love while you sill can before he leaves for nothing. Face it, he's not going I stay and be a loser. He's been a loser for 9 seasons now. He's probably had enough. He's never been to a playof in his life and this will be the 10th season the Wolves will miss the playoffs. Just sayin.
Barret Mielke::Dragic is my man! Remember that game in 2010 playoffs where he scored the last 25 points and beat the Spurs? Helluva player.
Nate Stein::Plumlee had anice hip check in front of the ref on Rubio there that sent Rubio flying. Call a fair game refs.
Stewart Orvik::They got 35 fts to Az.23 , smatta u can't count?
Eddie Cruz::What a game, we kept fighting til the end and Dragic deserves to be an All-Star. Win of the season for Suns.
Barret Mielke::Or maybe the Lakers...in which case I don't like him because that sucked.
Tyler Clouse::Is there any chance minnesota can move to the eastern conference?
Tony Hartmann::What a gift that would be in both basketball and hockey.
Junior May::Suns keep winning with blue collar folk.   The poor man's story.   It is just crazy.
Nate Stein::Wolves 3-18 since starting 3-3. surprised still close
Rene Covarrubias::i need ot in this game, come on guys let's go to overtime!!
Jarrod Mauren::You bet?
Rene Covarrubias::Jarrod Mauren yeah i took the over at 214 but i also took the over at 200.5 in live betting and that hit already but i need this 214 over to hit on my two game parlay, i took the over in the lakers game over 211 and that hit so i need this one to hit so i hit my parlay but it doesn't look like its going to overtime
Jarrod Mauren::Rene Covarrubias where do you bet at?
