Scooter Prasavanh::Can someone please enlighten me as to whats so special about Patrick Beverly and how he's the #1 PG over Lin? Lin has way better stats this year and I personally enjoy watching him more.
Tommy Cai::Instant points off the bench. Without him, the 2nd unit has very limited firepower. See Harden's role in OKC.
Robert Moore::Simple.  Houston wants to pay Lin $8.3mil to have a courtside seat to watch Beverly play.
William Hendricks::Lin needs the ball in his hands to be any use and you cant do that with Harden.  Let Lin go off with the second unit and when clutch time comes with Harden and Lin together on court at least he'll either have confidence to demand the ball or he sucks and won't demand it.
Dominic Wingate::Only a idiot would question mchales decision to start Beverly, with Lin coming off the bench he can have more control and so far it's paying off.
Tony Ellis::Harden and Lin are both ball-dominant players. Playing them together makes no sense. It showed last year when Lin struggled due to being a de facto 2 rather than his natural PG position. He's great at driving, great at creating, but moving without the ball is not his strength.
Steven Rivera::Tony Ellis Lin is all hype, what happen I thought from fans Lin love to share the ball???? I mean dam they criticized Melo for being "Ball-Dominant" when Lin was on the Knicks team
Michael Huang::Steven Rivera - you don't have to go to every msg board to talk about Lin.  Why are you so obsessed with him?  Get a life douche.
Mike Plummer::Allen Iverson. Dwight, how come you can't make any free throws down the stretch?  Dwight: I make them during practice.   Iverson: Practice? Practice? We talkin 'bout practice?
Sammy Bissett::No
Yinan Chen::Soemetimes I think Lin+Beverly is Houston's best guard combo lineup.
Justin Jenkins::Final score:   Nuggets: 108 Rockets: 116
Isaiah Black Swaggod::go linnnn
Denzel Boksingero::If the starters are doing fine for the first half, Lin will barely play 20 minutes in this game, proving he's a back-up and ordinary bench player and not a 6th man.
Austin Yang::what a tool lol
Phil Lam::@Denzel...what would it prove if Lin was second on the team in minutes played by halftime?
Denzel Boksingero::Harden 9 assists, Lin 7 assists. Things are somehow looking good. The team plays so much better when Harden and Lin share playmaking burdens. Makes it much harder for other teams to defend when these guards share playmaking duties.
Lucas Tyler Speirs::I'm wondering about the possible trades Houston could do with Asik. Dude proved last year he can play, should be interesting to see what happens.
Ethan Hunt::rockets will be lucky to get a rotational player, or maybe a draft pick or 2....
Lucas Tyler Speirs::Ethan Hunt Guess we'll have to wait and see. By the way, when is the next Mission: Impossible coming out?
Bill Ryan::Dwight Howard smartest player in NBA to get away from kobe. Dwight is winning rather than being scapegoated by kobe & his fans.
Edwin Stagg::lmao rockets aint even in the playoffs if they started today lol houston has the same perception of wining that dwight has beating a few medicare teams does not equal wining talk to me when you guys make a final run which by the look of his post game will never happen
Flip Tide::Edwin Stagg , Medicare teams?  Whats YOUR Health plan?
Ethan Hunt::i think dwight simply dont get along or mesh well with kobe, nothing more nothing less.  Does that make DH less of a player or desire less to get a ring?  No....  howard aint the first player to leave the lakers and kobe for another team.
Anderson Chua::Guess the Rocket underrated guard combo of Patrick B and Jeremy L .. outplaying the all star combo of Ty Lawson and Andre Miller not bad.
Sammy Bissett::Wonder why the Laker guys haven't come by tonight
Roger De Villa::Lin 6th man of the year.
Flip Tide::no......
Wesley Cheng::Something tells me he will be back starting one day....
Thien Navarro::Dwight Howard = Most overrated big man ever.   No post game. I've never seen a big man who is this talented who doesn't even have a post game. Still doesn't have a post game despite the fact that Hakeem and McHale were each talking about helping him out with his post moves. Still the same old Dwight.
Sammy Bissett::Except he's 7-4....not 4-7. Have a goodnight!
Ethan Hunt::yeah DH is the most overrated big man ever.. and yet any team would want him in a heartbeat.....  dumb a55
Aaron Manuel::You don't get a post game overnight or even in a single post-season. This kind of thing is going to take time to develop. I wouldn't be surprised if Dwight never gets better, but if he's going to, it's going to take a season or two.
Edward Yan::I think Howard wants to play but still finding his mojo with this team.  By far he is really motivated in playing with this team.  Also, I hate to say it, but Lin coming off the bench might be the best thing for him now.  Cause Harden and Lin in the back court isn't working out.  I see Lin and Harden as similar type of player.  Plus, we all know Harden can't defend a wet paper bag and Lin has some deficiencies on D as well. So you need PB to start to guard the perimeter.  I say by the 20th game you'll vast improve on the on-court chemistry.
Jacob Sharar::Ty lawson would have to score 50 to get any credit for anything. The guy has been the leader of this team for years now and is constantly underrated and never talked about in elite pg discussions
Jeremy Hayden::He is not elite, but I do agree with you. Since the Carmelo trade, Lawson has stepped up tremendously and is getting better with the dawn of each season. He is not always consistent with his assists like Chris Paul, the injured Rajon Rondo, or Derron Williams but he is able to assess each game individually and contribute where he is most needed.
Jacob Sharar::Jeremy Hayden I'd say that's a pretty fair assessment, I just feel the nuggets have put one of the most exciting teams on the floor the last few years and Lawson runs the show, No PG can lead a team to a championship really... but I would put him top 8 in the league as of now 1. CP 2. Tony Parker 3. Rose 4. Curry 5. Lawson/Williams/Irving in any order... rondo needs to get healthy.
Arthur Cruz::Houston... stop feeding the ball to dwight.. stop acting like he is hakeem.... your slowing down the offense for a guy that is not an offensive player...
David Aulds::I guess Terrence Jones has firmly taken the PF spot and I like that lets see what he can do when given consistent minutes.
Aaron Manuel::Don't know. I wouldn't be surprised if he still split time Chandler Parsons and Greg Jones when that guy gets back. Still need long-term consistency from TJ to give him starter PF status.
Steve Rosset::Howard wins game with  throws.  I thought it was an article from The Onion.
Thien Navarro::Dwight Cow making his free throws? World must be ending. Most overrated big man ever.
Sammy Bissett::There she is!
Dan Dorotik::F&&& you.
Hiep Huynh::yes keep doing hack a howard! it will be good practice for him before playoff :)
Thien Navarro::One game. This guy has to be the most overrated big man ever.
Dan Dorotik::Thien Navarro Suck my &&&&
Paul Hanna::Thien Navarro what ever idiot
John Ng::Its so satisfying to see Knicks at 3-6 and sinking.
Wesley Cheng::Still bitter? it happens.
James Cass::It's possible the Nuggets have the NBA's most athletic starting frontcourt duo in The Manimal and Hickson. Hickson's dunk over Marvin Williams on Monday was a cruel display of power. Meanwhile, the Rockets lead the league in rebounding, so it'll be interesting to see who wins the boards. An away game against a rested Western Conference power would be an impressive win for the streaking Nuggets.
Flip Tide::Houston C Omer Asik, who has been the subject of recent trade rumors, was not in uniform for the game. Coach Kevin McHale said it was because he was "under the weather" but he didn't elaborate.  When pressed, Coach McHale admitted it was "WEATHER OR NOT HE GETS TRADED OR NOT"
Ethan Hunt::this is gonna bring down asik's trade value..... rockets aint gonna get shiet for him now
Taylor Schoppa::Ethan Hunt not really, I promise you teams are going to go off last years performance
William Pillow::Jeramy Lin gets demoted to the second string...he responds by playing two of the best games of his career.....Omer Asik gets demoted to the second string....and....well....you know.....big boys aren't supposed to pout....some guys just don't appreciate being paid millions to play a game...
James Martin::So I guess the Asik DNP means they really are trying to trade him? I loved him the last half of last year, but I can understand him wanting to start somewhere. I wish him a good situation, wherever he lands.
Robert Watson::I'm gonna bet its gonna be a Ryan Anderson for Asik trade. There has to be some additions to work the salaries, but I'd put that in the books.
James Martin::I'll confess, I didn't know much about him, but looking him up, I could see it. For lack of any other thoughts, I shall defer to your assessment.
Robert Watson::James Martin They need a center and Anderson is a stretch 4 that can shoot the 3. Plus Anderson thrived playing next to Howard when they were in Orlando together. Its a dream, but the logic makes a lot of sense.
