figuer25::This is why I want to slap Eric in the face....  James Jones is your most CONSISTENT SHOOTER.  give the mfucker some minutes!!!!  u $@% coach, learn how to ADJUST. When battier is struggling sit his $@%! down same w Mike Miller or Norris Cole. Battiers defense is not what this team needs, this team is an excellent defending UNIT, they need SHOOTERS to make shots so James and Wade can cause Hovoc
Big EL 42::Can't believe people think LBJ had a good team in Clevland, he literally did everything,  then made sandwiches for his teamates in Clevland. James last season in Clevland, they were 61-21....The next season without James and many of the same players they were 19-63... The team was garbage in Clevland when LBJ was there, Cavs fans or whoever are delusional if they think he had a descent set of complimentary players to win. Mike Brown Offenses schemes of "pass the ball to LBJ and move" didnt help either....just making my point to clarify old news
sportsguy766::Again, Excuses Excuses...You don't have a winning percentage of .805% without a good team.   LOL, it's all Lebron but if they lose, it's his teammates and Coach.  Maybe if he practiced his Free Throws, Post Game &amp; outside Jumper, the playoffs wouldn't be so tough for him.  Maybe Dallas wouldn't play Zone Defense.
joshuadhickman03::atleast we can see how little the sportsguy knows about the nba
sportsguy766::Also, Losing to Dwight Howard and the Orlando Magic, that was just Sad. The Lakers easily beat Orlando in the Finals.  Stop making excuses and just accept that Lebron hates the Defense in the Playoffs, its 3 times better than in the regular season.
hapatino::Heat demolish the Pistons without Wade.  Cant even get this topic to 5000+ posts. Even most of the haters had to stay away.....
nba is the worst::Easter Sunday, easy win over a leastern garbage team
joshuadhickman03::that leastern garbage team beat the lakers didnt they?
P PALMER::Come on ESPN, the headlines should have been, "James Jones Leads Heat Past Pistons"
THA TRUTH 365::WHO CARES ALL LONG AS THEY WON.
IlyaKol::Sportsguy766 has no life. He must still be upset Lebron didn't pick his team in the summer of 2010. Poor guy.
draino25::i like how he made clevelands roster look like that was the team he played with, those are all players from different cavs teams,
sportsguy766::Again, Excuses Excuses...You don't have a winning percentage of .805% without a good team.   LOL, it's all Lebron but if they lose, it's his teammates and Coach.  Maybe if he practiced his Free Throws, Post Game &amp; outside Jumper, the playoffs wouldn't be so tough for him.  Maybe Dallas wouldn't play Zone Defense.
THA TRUTH 365::TRUTH
draino25::he had jamison for half a season and he is over the hill and not what that team needed.
IlyaKol::That too. Or how he suggested they were good. The ONLY player Lebron EVER had that was worth a damn, was Jamison.  In his first year with Miami, he went to the Finals. I'm not guaranteeing he will make it this year (I'm an actual fan of the game and not just a blind/biased fan) but he has a great chance and this time, if he gets there, I don't think he will disappoint.  It took Shaq/Kobe years before they won their first title. It took Jordan/Pippen a few years before they won their first. Give Wade/Lebron time.  Only team to ever win a title on their first try was Boston (KG/Allen/Pierce). And that was a great team, no doubt.
sportsguy766::LeBrick James   aka "The Frozen One",   aka "I get so many dunks &amp; layups, people think Im great because of my FG%",   aka "#1 Front Runner, when we are winning I dominate, when we are struggling I shoot bricks or pass",  aka "LeBronze James "thanks Kobe for the Gold Medal you won me, Wade &amp; Bosh",  aka "Queen James",  aka "I mug for the crowd on every dunk"   aka "not 1, not 2, not 3, not 4, not 5, not 6, not 7 times I have disrespected all the NBA greats with my cockiness" oh and Im 0-2 in the Finals!
IlyaKol::By the way, sportsguy...  Lebron Finals 0-2 &gt; Rose Finals 0-0 (or replace Rose with Durant, etc.). Just sayin. Better to get there and lose than not get there at all.
Big EL 42::...idunno about that,  06-07 u had the Pistons, heat, toronto and Cavs all of whom were talented enough to challenge any west conference powerhouse...  Now you have the Bulls, Heat....and thats where my list ends
THA TRUTH 365::TRUTH
nba is the worst::But the east was weaker in 06-07 than now
draino25::lebron never had the talent rose has in chicago
nba is the worst::Kinda dumb, considering lebr0n was 0-0 in the Finals after 3 seasons, just like Rose - who carried his team to the ECF, while lebr0n only got the Cavs to the east semis
IlyaKol::Like I said...better to at least carry your team there (like he did with Cleveland) and basically carry your team there (like he did with Miami last year vs Boston and Chicago) than to carry your team and fall short (1-4 vs Heat for Rose).  Just sayin.
Lebron_Will_Never_Be_MJ::Hey, there's a record worth setting... the player to make it to the finals the most times without winning.
draino25::thats because no defense is played, thats why wade and melo score at will.
THA TRUTH 365::TRUTH
draino25::i agree but kobe and lebron both took smaller roles to help the team succeed.  both decided to be lock down defenders and not worry about offense as much.  without offense for melo he is worthless on the court.
IlyaKol::True...but I'm just saying. Kobe is not Team USA's best player in that type of environment. It's Wade/Melo.
IlyaKol::Thanks Kobe?  Melo/Wade are USA's best players when it comes to playing in international games. Not Kobe. Or Lebron. If Lebron has to thank anyone, it's Wade/Melo.  Moron.
sportsguy766::I guess you didn't watch the final game against Spain. Kobe dominated that game.
sportsguy766::Lebron is a failure, just admit it once and for all.  Every year, hes going to win the championship and every year there is a new excuse.  Stats don't win you championships, but obviously they win you sponsors.    Cleveland Caverliers - Roster  Shaq, Ben Wallace, Delonte West, Mo Williams, Antawn Jamison, Anderson Varejao, JJ Hickson, Zydrunas Ilgauskas, Wally Szczerbiak, Daniel Gibson.    2008-09 : 66-16 (805) regular season : Lost to Orlando Magic (LOL), who are loaded with great players, NOT!  2009-10 : 61-21 (744) regular season : Lost to the Boston Celtics in the 2nd round.    Miami Heat - Roster  Dwyane Wade, Chris Bosh, Joel Anthony, Udonis Haslem, Mike Miller, Eddie House, Mario Chalmers, Erick Dampier  2010-11 : 58-24 (707) Regular Season : Lost to the Dallas Maverics    Lebron has played on very good teams year after year, yet never wins.  Excuses, Excuses, look at his stats...Stats &amp; MVPS don't win championships (ask steve nash, dRose)
figuer25::Last year was the only year he had no excuse. Spolstra treats Lebron like a machine though. He played like 46 mins a game in the playoffs while Wade got plenty of rest. Even know, why does Wade keep having "mystery" injuries?  Cause they want to rest him, but he wears out Lebron like Lebron is a machine.  Anyways, every team who beat MIA went on to win the chip except for Orlando who got to the finals, so obviously they were better teams
THA TRUTH 365::LEBRON HAS MADE THOSE TEAMS VERY GOOD, THE CAVS WERE A JOKE , LOOK AT THEM WITHOUT LEBRON. 1ST YEAR IN MIAMI AND YOU MAKE IT TO THE FINALS THAT'S PRETTY GOOD, LEBRON IS CARRYING THE HEAT BUT THEY STILL NEED A CENTER. WE KNOW THE HEAT CAN WIN WITHOUT WADE, BUT CAN THEY WIN WITHOUT LEBRON, FOR THAT MATTER WHAT WAS THE HEAT'S RECORD AFTER SHAQ AND BEFORE LEBRON.
sportsguy766::Lets see, Lebron leaves Cleveland and the remaining players on Cleveland was daniel Gibson, Vareja &amp; Hickson. 1 Starter.  Then Lebron goes to Miami, who already had Wade and Haslem...who else joins them, Bosh and Miller.  Lebron Fans see what they want to see... Lebron and 3 other Cleveland Starters left Cleveland &amp; Head Coach. Lebron, Bosh &amp; Miller join Miami, I think Bosh is a all-star and so is Wade.
Big EL 42::wow...keep it real, when ur second option is Daniel Gibson followed by Big Z in the finals, ur in trouble and its a wonder that you even got there. Cavs were a BAD team, you lose one player and go from best in the league to 2nd worst team in the league.   Miami was not a deep team, but had talent to win it last year. I still say LBJ absence in last years finals was due to D-Wade beating his own chest after there game 1 win, in particular "THIS IS MY TEAM" rant after he completely stunk  it up in the Chicago series....James mental toughness is what I question. I personally think right now in his career he has the talent to score 50 in any game he chooses. I think he has bought into the media hype about the last shot blah and crap (it is crap, the open person shots the ball eg Jordan passing to Kerr in the Bulls vs Phoenix Finals. This isnt biddy Bball or AAU and all 5 players on the floor should be more than capable of hitting a game winning shot if open)
sportsguy766::Again, Excuses Excuses...You don't have a winning percentage of .805% without a good team.  LOL, it's all Lebron but if they lose, it's his teammates and Coach. Maybe if he practiced his Free Throws, Post Game &amp; outside Jumper, the playoffs wouldn't be so tough for him. Maybe Dallas wouldn't play Zone Defense.
sportsguy766::My Name is Lebron James.    I Leave my team to play with a Super Star and a All Star to win my first title.  However, the plan didn't work out because I choked in the Finals and ruined my teammates summer.    Luckily, My loyal fans continue to buy my sponsors products and will continue saying Im am the greatest.    whew...thank god my fans are dumb and dumber...
IlyaKol::Lebron isn't the greatest. Most real fans will not say that. MJ is the greatest. Lebron is more Magic than he is Jordan.  BUT...Lebron IS the greatest of the 2000's generation. Someone else will be the greatest in 2020, etc. Every era has their great. In this era, it's Kobe/Lebron. Based on skill/talent...Lebron wins easily. Based on championships, Kobe wins easily.
sportsguy766::Based on Skill, Kobe is much skilled than Lebron. Kobe shoots all his shots from the perimeter, thats why his FG% is around 45%. Based on Size &amp; Athletics, Lebron trumps the whole NBA. Dunks, layups and Free throws which is not skills (ask Dwight Howard, Tyson Chandler), is 75% of his points this season. This is why Lebron has a 52% FG, hardly shoots from the perimeter.  They are different players, Lebron is a Power Forward who can dibble the ball.  Big difference.
THA TRUTH 365::TRUTH
Big EL 42::good logical reasoning
sportsguy766::Top Floppers on offense in the League...(Flopping is jerking the head back, jumping into defenders, falling down for no reason, exaggerating any contact)    #1 Dwyane Wade: Falls to the ground about 6-8 times a game, hoping he gets a and one. Remember game 2 of the finals, his missed 3, he fell and held his eye. LOL   #2 Chris Paul: he always dribbles into the defender and starts jerking his body trying to draw a foul, just sad.   #3 Blake Griffin: Hes not worth the words, just a dunker and rebounder. LOL   #4 Lebron James: Jumps into defenders to draw contact, complains when he doesn't get the call. Every little tap he feels from the defender, he exaggerates the contact to where it looks like he got stabbed. Remember the fake flop against Dallas last year in the playoffs, where he dribbled and Haywood came out to defend and lebron faked the contact and fell sideways drawing a foul, just sad.
Big EL 42::The flop has ruined basketball a bit
Big EL 42::I all time still love "the Originator" V. Divac. The acting job he did for the Sacramento Kings should have earned him an Oscar.
draino25::every great player does that, if you get the calls why wouldnt you do that?
IlyaKol::Yep. Jordan had his share. His last shot with Chicago was a foul by todays standards. But it's MJ, and it wasn't called.
doctorjd23::Lebron James, Kevin Durant, Kobe Bryant, Dwight Howard, Steve Nash, Rajon Rondo, Chris Paul, LaMarcus Aldridge, Kevin Love, Derrick Rose, Joe Johnson, Rudy Gay, Dirk Nowitski, Monta Ellis....just to name a few of the people I'd rather have than Dwayne "Constantly Injured" Wade
joshuadhickman03::wow you have googled nba players you must be cool
nba is the worst::Can't agree with the kid who thinks OKC would have a better chance in the Finals vs the Bulls or heatles than the Spurs.  When was the last time a young team won a title, "learn from this"?
doctorjd23::Lets face it....San Antonio only wins titles when the NBA is in a down year or transition year.  Lets see they won a ring after Jordan retired from the Bulls....then wait a few years and  Shaq leaves the Lakers so they get another one....wait then there was 2005 in the midst of Kobe wanting traded and the Mavs choking as always...nope I'd say 2005 was a legit San Antonio win....granted vs the Nets.  Then wait a couple years and you play a youthful Cavs with a three year man named Lebron James.....so, unless you consider this a down year in the west I'd say you aren't winning squat this year Spurs.
nba is the worst::Spurs won their 2nd title in 2003 vs the Nets AFTER BEATING SHAQ'S LAKERS who were B2B2B champs, Shaq was still a laker until 2005.  The Spurs' '05 title was against the defending champ Pistons.  In other words, "FAIL"
WalkingByFaith1982::No disrepsect, seriously, but why does a guy with screen name-obviously created during the lock-out-"nba is the worst", is constantly posting on NBA boards? Just a thought
joshuadhickman03::because his team doesnt know how to draw fouls and he thinks a jumpshooter will should be at the free throw line just as much as someone who drives constantly, really nba is the worst(at knowing what hes talking about
Learn From This::<b> because you were rooting against miami </b>
nba is the worst::One-sided when it's one-sided - like the heat shooting 24 more fts than the Mavs in the '06 Finals gm 5, to somehow manage a 1-pt "win"
Learn From This::lmao one -sided when it doesn't go in your favor
nba is the worst::I've been posting with this name on various sites since 2007, and on ESPN since '09.  the name is a protest against the frequent one-sided officiating affecting outcomes.  Carry on!
Learn From This::Kids these days lol
Learn From This::But do take into account this type of season better suits <b> YOUNGER TEAMS!</b>
Learn From This::Not the same as it is for them as other teams kid. Being that SAS's Core is a lot older and Manu is hurt too much.
nba is the worst::No doubt - the same is true for all teams.  But up to this point, the Spurs have played the best after the allstar break, and are going for 12 wins straight tonight in Utah on the B2B
Learn From This::Still have to see how they are during the rest of this season including the Playoffs
nba is the worst::Then why do the Spurs have the 2 longest winning streaks this year, and the best record vs .500+ teams?
Learn From This::Right so older teams such as Heat and SAS will be in the Finals? Meaning Miami wins the title since they have a better chance out of those two?
Learn From This::What does that have to do with the match ups being in Miami's favor?
nba is the worst::Spurs' core knows how to win titles.  heatles' core doesn't.  Spurs are likely to have HCA.  West champ gets the title as usual
topitopi::lol D-Wade is one of my favorite players in the league and LBJ one of my least favorite...but damn, Heat seem to play better when D-Wade is hurt. You obviously shouldn't split them but still interesting to see the numbers
draino25::it would be different if wade would just realize his place on this team, but i dont think his ego will allow him to do that.
nba is the worst::Mostly at home vs weak road teams. - Big deal
lukew2380::If only Lebron could play like Blake Griffin everynight. James might start getting the endorsements more if he can play half as good as BGRIFF does.
IlyaKol::Is someone seriously saying Griffin is better than Lebron?  Are you INSANE!? Griffin is so overrated. He can only dunk. I'd take Kevin Love in EVERY other area of the game.
beanum247::Blake can only dunk. he defense and of the dribble shooting doesn't compare to Lebron.
Ninja_in_Paris::You do know that Blake jumped over a Kia to win the slam dunk contest, right?
lukew2380::Beanum-Of course Blake's shooting doesn't compare to LeBron's, it's better. That is what makes Blake SUPERIOR. There is a reason KIA didn't want Le-wnBa-ron endorsing its product. Kia's don't break down anymore. Lechoke does.
draino25::yeah im sure LeBron is hurting for endorsements haha...he is almost a billion dollar athlete.  sorry he isnt sponsored by kia hahaha
draino25::thunder will be a tough out for anyone.  they have superstars, great role players, and one of the best benches in the nba...however they also dont have a lot of experience and the superstars are second tier to some of the other teams they will be facing.  will see if youth can beat experience
nba is the worst::Spurs won the reg season 2-1.  They also have the best record in the league vs .500+ teams
B954858904260707::Ozzy Guillen: "I love Fidel Castro."
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::looking forward to Bulls Heat. Bulls have one more tune up with their starting five against the Knicks and then the heat. hope they don't look so rusty but with lack of practice time you never know. either way still a lot of time till the ECF if the two teams meet.
Learn From This::If SAS come out of the West they will lose to both Miami or CHI.   But if OKC comes out I say it's about even of OKC, CHI, or MIA winning this year.
jfreeland88::i would love to see either Lakers or thunder vs Heat
Redlands801::Rephrase that: "2 great big men, 1 of which likes to get ejected and benched from games, 1 of which is one of the softest in the league, no solid role players, and Kobe" Lakers outsed first round
draino25::dont count out the lakers, 2 great big men, solid role players, and kobe.
WhyUHatin47::lol Lakers
draino25::is chicago even in the conversation?
Learn From This::yes
WhyUHatin47::First Heat board ive seen thats not 5000+
jfreeland88::we're working on it
draino25::its because the heat won
C2Poke88::"DAMN!  And they say I'm a choker"  - Lebron when asked about Rose's performance  against the Knicks
MorganGetssWins::Win money every single day picking NBA teams! http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
gobledoug::quote from mayberry (from OKC), same article as nba.... cherry-picked - he forgot this:  "LeBron James just got my MVP vote. Kevin Durant is second. It’s not just about tonight, although it certainly played a part. But the guy has been phenomenal. He hit a rough stretch recently but so does everybody. What he did tonight — after rolling his ankle early in the first quarter, mind you — is what MVPs do. He put his team on his back, did everything he had to do, when he had to do it, and turned his mediocre performance ten days earlier in Oklahoma City into a distant memory."
alicia2785::Kobe should be second. Durant don't deserve to be in the MVP race. Durant is just an average player who is made to look good by Westbrook. Westbrook gets to much critcism from the public when he is the best player on the Thunder's team.
draino25::hahaha is that a joke?  is that why when he takes mroe shots they lose?
nba is the worst::Dude - I didn't forget anything.  The original poster this morning down the page already posted that!
Unbiasedfan83::I'd love to see Durant lead OKC to a 10-1 record if Westbrook was out for 11 games
4thQuar7er::if Durant was playing teams like the pistons, he could
draino25::also last 25 percent of games played the heat have a tougher strength of schedule
draino25::.52 sos for okc .51 sos for heat...very similar
draino25::defense is what seperates LeBron from durant, and well any player in the league
draino25::6 games the thunder have lost this year westbrook has put more shots up in durant.  in the other loses durant has shot the ball 8 more time total than westbrook has....he needs to give the ball to durant..
Learn From This::That's probably what will help James win the MVP over Durant
draino25::na his PER this year is one of the best in history.  only way he wont get it, is if they choose to give it to someone undeserving like they did last year
Learn From This::Same for Durant
nba is the worst::It won't happen for the king unless the heatles get the best record
draino25::easily could...westbrook wouldnt be able to do it though.
Learn From This::These idiots on ESPN half time yesterday, Jon Barry, Wilbon, Magic, and Chris.   Not one put SAS as number 1 for the team is playing the best right now. Instead they Had Chi, OKC and Miami ahead of them. And not MEM in the top 5.  WHY
jfreeland88::Memphis is scary. They past the first round last year without Rudy. Now they got Rudy back, along with Arenas and a healthy Randolph. They are deep and talented
draino25::spurs coming out of the west
nba is the worst::If they can't stay healthy, possibly
brandonlee561heat22::Or are they setting themselves up for a repeat of last year?
nba is the worst::"May it be so"!  ;)
jfreeland88::cant wait for the Pistons to rebuild and be a contender
brandonlee561heat22::Brandon Knight is going to be good
brandonlee561heat22::True that
jfreeland88::lauderhill, but im from Detroit, so i pull for all Detroit and Miami teams.
brandonlee561heat22::Word, you still live in Springs?
jfreeland88::ya, crazy thing...i played ball with him in Coral Springs.
gobledoug::it's difficult for kobe to get the phantom calls now.  he doesn't drive to the basket as much as he used to.
jfreeland88::you keep saying true basketball fans. Kobe chucks 30 shots a game, some of them are going to fall and look "silky smooth"
jfreeland88::i get that, and before i say anything else i think Kobe is a great player, but he needs to involve Gasol more. Gasol has one of the best post games in the league but Kobe takes up too much ball time.
draino25::thats his job, he is the money player on the team.  who else is going to take those shots?  he has the 2 bigs downlow to clean it up for him.  no question on that team who the go to player is.
draino25::no but his jumper is silky smooth
draino25::not a kobe fan at all, but the guy is crazy good and you cant say different...like i said true basketball fans know what they are talking about, not fans that follow one team
jfreeland88::oooooooo your a Kobe fan, i get all the Wade and Rose hate your throwin out now
Learn From This::Lamar inactive for the rest season <b> LMAO  DALLAS IS A JOKE</b>
brandonlee561heat22::That's sad.
jfreeland88::Lamar is one of my favorite players but those dam Kardashians ruin everything
brandonlee561heat22::Because it's such a waste of talent.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::why?
gobledoug::"James has replaced Kobe Bryant as the star who gets the most phantom calls from the refs. Period."  Thanks NBA.....  i love it  mj, then kobe, now lebron
gobledoug::walking please explain.
WalkingByFaith1982::It depends on teh refs. He definitely dont get every petty foul like some do. Kevin Love gets more grace from refs than he do
gobledoug::please explain.
jfreeland88::Rule #1: protect your star players
WalkingByFaith1982::thats so far from the truth.
alicia2785::Blake Griffin gets the most phantom calls!!!
nba is the worst::Quote is from Darnell Mayberry, an OKC  sportswriter:  http://blog.newsok.com/thunderrumblings/
draino25::right now who would you rather have?  kobe or wade
WalkingByFaith1982::Kobe.......duh
B954858904260707::15-20 over wade? lol ok
draino25::no one other than wade homer's would take wade over kobe, i wouldnt take wade over about 15 to 20 players in the league.
jfreeland88::why because thats your opinion?
draino25::true basketball fans would agree with you
jfreeland88::Wade
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::Boston and Chicago. can't see them winning both but who do they lose to? hmmmmmm, tough one
draino25::hopefully chicago doesnt run into the knicks first round
nba is the worst::Well, if you're going to resort to facts...  ;)
draino25::how about just look at his shooting percentages...other than dunks and layups he shoots about 30 percent from the field....i would say that would qualify him for having no jumpshot
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::yeah, a top player in the NBA hurts his team. lol. don't know why people say that, I'm sure you don't even know why your saying that. and if it's because yesterday well then lol, because you can't judge him off that.
draino25::rose hurts this team more than he helps them, he should be putting up 26 shots unless they are all layups because jump shots well...he has none
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::Chicago played like crap yesterday and still had to pull a mega choke to lose that one. talk about a gift wrapped win for the Knicks
Learn From This::Miami could lose both
Learn From This::Why instead of being glad the Heat are able to win games without Wade, you idiots start this "Trade Wade" talk?
jfreeland88::because they werent heat fans before Lebron. Before Lebron all we knew was Wade, and thats all we needed. He played his heart out for 7 years and imo was the best player in the league, even though he had nothing to show for it except taking a team with very little talent to the playoffs every year but 1.
jfreeland88::ya but then i would have had to hear someone say it was all Shaq and it was a fluke. None of that is true, just gets old
MiamiSportsFanForLife::You forgot about him leading his Heat team to their first ever NBA Championship.
brandonlee561heat22::I would bet 97% of them saying that live outside of south Florida.
brandonlee561heat22::I am a homer, but at the same time, I have never once seen the benefit of trading Wade. Ever. The Heat would not be better without him, at all, imo.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::if 97% of fans say trade him wouldn't that mean your just bein a homer and not thinking about whats best for the team. maybe you just like Wade as a person to much and don't want to see him leave even though it would be better for the team
doctorjd23::Miami needs to trade Wade already....ring or not this year they need to move him while they can.  He's not top 5 and never has been.  He's a guy who went on a great run in the NBA finals six years ago and has been injury-plagued ever since...not to mention hasn't won a damn thing without Shaq.  He was non-existent in the Playoffs last year and yet people still harp on Lebron when it was Wade that laid an egg for the first two rounds.  Trade this guy for the immense talent you will get in return to surround Lebron and Bosh.
MiamiDWade23::Don't trade anybody. They're given too much into getting 3 all-stars.
jfreeland88::Dwayne Wade is a top 5 defender and top 10 scorer.
draino25::na dont trade wade get rid of bosh, he is the one who makes no sense
brandonlee561heat22::Never going to happen.
doctorjd23::and it will be the achilles heel of the Heat if they don't....never said they would, but they clearly should
SouthFLAnative::Heat win = 3177 comments Heat lose = 5000 + comments Its nice to keep trolls under their rocks.
jfreeland88::thats how the game goes, at least we only see trolls about 15 times a year
mguinard10::NBA Top 5  1. Bron Bron 2. Durant 3. Love 4. CP3 5. Kobe
jfreeland88::people still forget about Love
draino25::good call, deron williams is also a thought
alicia2785::I would take ANTHONY over DURANT. Durant is just an average player. Westbrook &gt; Durant. Heck, Kevin Love is &gt; Durant!!
draino25::anthony?  he is the worst of all the "superstars"  shoots way to much and doesnt play defense
mguinard10::Yeah williams,Anthony,Kobe,CP3, could al go in the 4 or 5 range
Learn From This::Lebron is a ballhog even tho he averages at least 6 assist?  Idiots
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::Who ever said Lebron is a ballhog?
alicia2785::@nba the worst, STATS SHOW THEIR GREATNESS. THE FILM SHOWS WADE'S BALL HOGGING AND HOW OFTEN HE TURNS THAT BALL OVER!!!!
draino25::post percentages
Learn From This::Wade a ball hog? What are Heat fans drinking these days?
nba is the worst::alicia said Wade is a ballhog.  I posted Wade and the king's FGA numbers, and asked who's the ballhog.  That's NOT saying he's a ballhog, right?
Learn From This::its further down
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::not a good answer, I see Rose and Wade something about Jon barry and some smack talk.  here, learn from this-- back up what you say.
Learn From This::Just look at comments below and read
mguinard10::Who is more overrated Dwayne Wade or Derrick Rose?
Jeremy03331::if wade and westbrook had the same opportunities as lebron and durant theyd be just as good       are you  on Extacy?
Jeremy03331::Russel Westbrook is better then them 2 ....rose is just more complex
draino25::rose complex?  let him shoot jumpshots and he is useless that all you gotta do, westbrook is a beast, however just like wade he needs to realize he is in the passenger seat
doctorjd23::I still find the Wade top 5 thing hilarious....he's barely top 5 at his position
jfreeland88::your a clown, cant even argue with you
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::Rose in in his 4th year and still getting better, he has a lot to learn and a ton of potential, where Wade is getting older and as good as he is goin to get. will have to wait to make that comparison. and if you look at the numbers is about even.
Jeremy03331::r u on horoin?  Wade Kobe Joe Johnson Monta Ellis and James Harden
draino25::you are correct, without LeBron he was nothing when he had to do things on his own without tons of talent around him
Jeremy03331::I think 2 of the top 5 players cant really be over rated.... Lebron Durant Wade Rose Kobe
draino25::ok good for him, how about outside of the paint?  guy cant even shoot free throws, love is putting up way better numbers than howard is.
MiamiDWade23::Yes now I am going to. All-time no. Dwight Howard is the most dominant player in the paint.
draino25::howard outside of the paint it worthless, your going to put wade above kobe for sg?  dont think so.
Jeremy03331::ARE YOU  on Shrooms?
MiamiDWade23::You forgot Wade and Howard. Get K-Love and Williams outta there.
draino25::bron, durant, deron williams, kevin love, kobe
MiamiDWade23::Who's your top 5 then, let me ask you that.
draino25::mvp caliber?  sounds like he didnt win anything to me.....its not about scoring points its about winning, and he couldnt do that
MiamiDWade23::Because of his 30ppg MVP caliber year.
draino25::why because of the .500 records every year adn the first roudn exits?
MiamiDWade23::If anything he was even more highly regarded as a top 5 player before LeBron got there.
draino25::cp3 and deron williams are both better point guards than rose is.
draino25::wade is not top 5, he wasnt even a thought in anyone's mind until lebron got there.
jfreeland88::wow a legitimate top 5.
hapatino::Rose by far. Supposed to be an MVP but he is not clutch and cannot even win the East.  Wade is an NBA champion and has played in another finals.
draino25::wade has never won an mvp, therefore he cant be overrated because he isnt highly rated.
draino25::not to mention with a completely loaded team in a down year for the nba
nba is the worst::MiamiDWade23 - He does have a ring though, that's nice too. -=-=-  Rings from refs "won" at the ft line don't count
MiamiDWade23::Same with a lot of people who won rings, Kobe, MJ, etc...
draino25::yeah with a team with tons of talent, what happened when he was by himself?  he was nothing
MiamiDWade23::He does have a ring though, that's nice too.
draino25::rose for sure
MiamiDWade23::Rose.
IsRoseChinese::Its very simple you Jealous PIGS! The Heat will Beat the Celtics on Tuesday night in Miami then Beat the LOSER Bulls on thursday night with that UGLY Woman Noah + Boozer the Loozer! Heat take over First! GAME OVER!
nba is the worst::Safe to say that a person loses all credibility when beginning a post with "you Jealous PIGS"
funkingonut::I just got here, has anyone mentioned that Lebron never shows up in the fourth?
draino25::never is such a false word....never would imply that he has never shown up, but he has had many great 4th quarters in his career that no one talks about.
IsRoseChinese::Only at ur mothers!
brandonlee561heat22::After successfully riding the Bulls all year, Jon Barry now thinks they are back to their old tricks by riding DRose towards the end of close games.
mguinard10::Rose is all the bulls have. Until they get Rose help they will not win a championship
draino25::deng, boozer, noah, korver, he has TONS of talent around him, he just cant make anyone better,
draino25::so they rely on the guy with no jumpshot to finish games?  hahaha
draino25::if you dont allow him to get to the rim, he cant hurt you.
brandonlee561heat22::They pretty much isolate him towards the end of the game yesterday, as did they during the east finals, last year. too predicatable.
Opossum Kingdom::I just got here, has anyone mentioned that Lebron doesn't have a ring yet?
mguinard10::Its not Bron Brons fault.
mguinard10::Bingo Bron Bron elevates players and teams. Wade on the other hand needs players to elevate him
draino25::because he averaged mroe points?
nba is the worst::Wade had a better series vs the Celtics than the king
draino25::that is correct, without james they wouldnt have gotten out of the first round like every other year wade was there, well except for when he had tons of talent around him
mguinard10::Its like Bill Belicheck says stats are for losers. The only reason they were in the finals was Bron Bron efforts in downing the celtics and owning D rose in the East Finals
The Los Machine::His 2007 numbers were awfull too
nba is the worst::2011 Finals stats review emphatically disagrees.
alicia2785::The Heat win more games when that ball hogging WADE does not play. If Lebron James was not on that team, they wouldn't be making the playoffs at all. The HEAT team and WADE sucks without James!!! All of you James haters know this is true, too!!!
alicia2785::@nba is the worst, Your stats proves that JAMES is better than WADE not who have the ball more!!!!  Wade can't get it done without James.  WADE is a ball hogger and turns the ball over in critical times which have cost the Heat to lose a lot of games!!!
nba is the worst::alicia2785 - The Heat win more games when that ball hogging WADE does not play. If Lebron James was not on that team, they wouldn't be making the playoffs at all. The HEAT team and WADE sucks without James!!! All of you James haters know this is true, too!!! -=-=-  Wade avg 18.7 FGA/gm career, 17.3 this year. King avg 20.4 FGA/gm career, 18.3 this year.  Who's the ballhog?
alicia2785::Stats show greatness!!!  THE FILM SHOWS THE BALL HOGGING. Wade turns the ball over more than any player on the Heat team because it's in his hand all the time!!!
mguinard10::Preach my man its Bron Brons team
The Los Machine::So why did he join WADE'S team?
alicia2785::James joined that team because WADE came up with the stupid idea for the 3 of them to team up. WADE CONVINCED JAMES TO JOIN HIM!!! Wade could never get things done for the Heat team after SHAQ left.
draino25::wades team was barely .500 and getting knocked out in the first roudn every year before lebron got there...wade wasnt a though in anyone's mind anymore...LeBron saved wade's career.
The Los Machine::Nice try
mguinard10::Bron Bron was just trying to help his friend Wade elevate his game. Its Bron Brons team.
mguinard10::Bron Bron=Greatness      Wade=Flopping and injuries
mguinard10::D Wade cant be counted on anymore. He is injury prone and is weak. Its Bron Brons team now.
MiamiDWade23::Wade has a ring. It's his city.
nba is the worst::Heatles are 10-1 without Wade - but they're undefeated without lebr0n
funkingonut::pointless post
The Los Machine::Lebron only missed 1 game and The Heat one that game. Bringing up the point that The Heat winning without Wade is stupid.
Opossum Kingdom::If you have to point out one particular instance..it's not that meaningful...great if you want to play "gotcha," though
The Los Machine::The Heat beat The Hawks without Wade and James
Jeremy03331::ARE YOU ON METH?
The Los Machine::It's a WIN! Dummy
MiamiDWade23::In triple OT!
Jeremy03331::ur an idiot . thats all
gobledoug::you stole that quote from me when describing you.
nba is the worst::Namecalling is the last refuge of weak minds.
draino25::they havent won a game without lebron
draino25::how about last year?
nba is the worst::With a sample size of zero games, that's unsurprising
draino25::they havnet won a game with wade on the court and lebron not on the court
nba is the worst::False. Remember the OT game at the hawks with both lebr0n and Wade out?  Hawks missed a ton of fts and Bosh hit a game tieing three to force OT, and then dominated for the win
SupportGeorgeZimmerman@NRA.com::a
SupportGeorgeZimmerman@NRA.com::Too bad James couldn't 'lift' Trayvon Martin out of the way of my bullet
JB_Mandingo_Smoove::This is my first time seeing a Miami board with less than 5,000+ comments.
Dr Killapatient::If they lost , you would easily saw over 5000 comments after the first hour of losing...
swilyboi::No wade no rings , If lebron is the best he should of  teamed up with a second allstar on whatever team and did his thing , not try to take the pressure of himself by teaming up with d wade and bosh . If wade does not play in the playoffs the heat will not win the championship , period !!!
alicia2785::NO SHAQ=NO RING FOR WADE
nba is the worst::<b>CORRECT</b>
alicia2785::Most of Wade's points in 2006 came from the REF'S helping by putting him on that free throw line for his flopping.
The Los Machine::2006 Finals Wade 34.7 points a game. Shaq 13.7 a game
UncleRuckus87::You really think that move was a "i want the pressure off" and not "im tired of playin with these scrubs that are afraid to even dribble"?
ImBackModsYouCantDefeatMe::Is it a real possibility that Wade might get traded?
alicia2785::Lebron James should leave that team the first chance that he gets. He should've never went there in the first place. It was WADE'S big idea for the three of them to team up. James shouldn't listen to Wade and his stupid idea.
jared575757::If they trade wade, I have a feeling Lebron would opt out of his contract next year, and it sounds like there is a chance he will do that if they don't win a ring this year or next. They were saying Riley and Lebron have had a few arguments. I'm sure the media is making a bigger deal of it though
Joeschmo loves Heat::Lebron gets traded before Wade is even considered.
UncleRuckus87::Ive thought about that...but I cant quite see it happening
Randolph_Mortimer::Spectre Status has the biggest gay crush on LeChoke you can have. I bet he peeps in LeChoke's windows at night!
brandonlee561heat22::Are you jealous?
_HungLikeLIN::Lebron is a natural born winner  -Delonte
SirCrazyWolf.::"Lebron is a beast" - Godzilla
jasonp127::whats up with the video 'did lebron prove hes a closer?'. lebron has nothing to prove. everyone hating on lebron and questioning his talent is getting real old. hes by far one of the best in nba and has nothing to prove to anyone
RylanT25::not one of the best. Lebron is the best in the NBA
nba is the worst::"Except in the Finals"
ImBackModsYouCantDefeatMe::Except for the whole winning championships thing. he kind of still needs to prove that
UncleRuckus87::You kno the media especially "a certain network" cant leave LeBron alone, one day they are praising him, next day cursing him.
