supordupor23::Warriors gave the Thunder that one, what a rough loss to take.  Why did Monta jack a 3 when they were up 1?  He still had 7 second on the shot clock, should worked the ball around.  Monta is great and all, but he has cost us quite a few games in the fourth this year.
100_Spoke_City::Love the game Cook played.... he picked his shots, and took smart  3s......   Get it in Pooh
NBASantas::Monta kept giving last night. http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2012/02/monta-claus-on-fire.html
AJwarriors08::terrible reffing like usual
Matthew Borba::Name the foul that wasn't called...
okstCOWBOYS vs ALIENS::=,(
T8ke_A_Picture::Anyone find it funny that Stein's top 5 is teams that played the most home games? I guess Thunder having the best record and being the best road team demotes them to rank 7.
dabulls2012::Any concern that all OKC starters except Cook were on the negative side of the +/- while all the reserves were on the plus side (double-digits too!)?
cod4hooper::It's one game. It's not normally like that. The main reason is because of Ellis going off as GS's starter, which is generally when our starters were out there. The Thunder bench has always been an x factor though.
podirk::Not concerned, it is one game  Okc starts 3 defensive players the gel of the 2nd unit has mounted comebacks and improved leads (which is why the loss of Maynor is so big)
paul2285::I would be concerned, (+/-) is the most underrated stat in the game
dabulls2012::While it doesn't completely tell the story, it does tell some of the story...
hawaiianhonky::Maybe the refs are making it up to thunder for their terrible performance in the WCF last year?
paul2285::This NBA schedule is ridiculous, it will be interesting to see who survives it
mikerulz2273::math wizard above
dabulls2012::Us Bulls fans are WELL aware of the ridiculous schedule...we've only seen our Bulls at home for 10 of their 27 games and they have 3 left on the road before coming home...for you math challenged readers, that means they'll have played 10 home to 20 road games...that's NUTS!
DaveDoh::Being in CA I watched the entire 4th quarter and came to an obvious conclusion.  THE FIX IS IN!!!    The Refs ABSOLUTELY wanted OKC to win the game.  That being said, GS had a good chance to win and did not convert.  But still, without the bad refs, the Warriors would have never been in a position to lose this one.
podirk::Wow, this is the first time the refs have been blamed for a loss...I'd never thought about it before
paul2285::NBA refs are a joke and everyone knows it. It's too bad that they're such a factor in every game
ChicagoSportsFan2301::Perkins sucks send this clown to the D-League
Newbdogg::He's one of the best defensive players in the league.  We're all good on scoring players if you haven't noticed.
podirk::the record since he has joined the Thunder &gt; then the Thunder record before him
tobrv65::Warriors can play with anyone, but they can not close out a game. You know with a minute left they are gonna lose!
gmskking::Good effort Beidrins. LOL!
SFGiants1987::lol beidrins,,,,,
gmskking::Wow the Thunder are gonna have a lot of wins this year.  Maybe this year they will win it all.
iheartyourchick1::Does any other thunder fans wish Durant didn't shoot so many damn 3's?
Newbdogg::yeah let's complain about the NBA scoring leader's shot selection.  Let someone else who isn't as good shoot.
Newbdogg::Apples and Oranges, how many games has KD won by a 3 at the last second.  He hits like 4-5 a game.  If you have any open shot in the NBA you take it.
cod4hooper::Just because you're good at an overall part of the game, doesn't mean you should try EVERY aspect of it. What if Dwight Howard tried becoming a peremeter defender just because he's won some defensive player of the year...
podirk::durant goes through 3 pt slumps...when he is hitting no one complains  going to the basket and not being complacent with jumpers is what this team needs to do though
cod4hooper::Yeah I was thinking that too actually.
Rockchalk.15::What a game for Ellis!  Holy sheeet,  I'd really love to see OKC play Aldrich more, he has a lot of potential.
podirk::he has showed he can help this team, but brooks trusts experience over potential. I'm ready for some Aldrich, Collison lineups
Rockchalk.15::Being a KU fan I know how strong he is in the post, I'm glad they never sent him down, because they are waiting for a spot so he can play.
podirk::You and everyone else in Thunderland....Brooks doesn't bring along bigs very quickly....hopefully next year (with Nazr gone) Cole takes over the backup C position.
paul2285::OKC is running away with this thing so far, but when is the injury bug going to hit them like it has the rest of the NBA?
paul2285::minor issues
Matthew Borba::Issues nonetheless. You're really going to judge a team because they haven't had to prove to you they can win with major issues?
podirk::point is Thunder already have issues
paul2285::Good points, but if something happens to KD, Westbrook, Ibaka or Harden then they'll have issues
paul2285::you obviously missed the point
hawaiianhonky::That's the same truth for any team, that's just like saying the team who scores the most points wins the game
The_West_Coast_Bias::without Maynor, OKC has no true PG
soonerboomer65::Defense is bad without Sefolosha
paul2285::No one significant
brob715::Maynor who is arguably the best backup PG in the league and Thabo who is an elite defender, yeah no major injuries we have played through.
podirk::yeah except the glue to the second unit (arguably the best second unit in the league) and the glue to the d  neither very significant in the NBA where depth and d is needed to win games....o wait
podirk::uhmm.....One of the back backup PGs is hurt for the Thunder...and starting SG.....
belldutch65::Durant=Beast
pjreiter::OKC is figuring out a way to win all the close games which is scary.  I still can't believe they won that game in Portland on Monday.  Man, I'm a Laker fan but even I'll admit things are not looking good.
robkaos7::Trashbrook shoots 25 times and lets Ellis explode for 48. Truly the most overrated player in the NBA.
noname420::And if Thabo were not hurt, RW would not have been guarding him at all.
Da-THUN-Da::1. He didnt even guard Ellis the whole game. 2. IF you watched the game you would have seen Ellis was on fire prob his best game of the year. Wasnt going to miss. 3. You say WB shot 25 times and is overrated?... he had 31 points. Durant shot 34 times for 33 points. Is he overrated too?
Cinnasnootzer::Every season, early on, the great Bob Fitzgerald of local KNBR tells listeners how good the Warriors are, giving reasons why past failure will not occur again.  In between Not Er Dame talk.
sgant22::Like Bron and the Heatles in the Finals I'm out!!!
22Young Money::but in all seriousness were be a replay of the game winner u racsists??????
sgant22::Dude right above this board, click"Watch Highlights"  It's Black history month so we gotta do better, word is racist, but none on here just us bruh!
sgant22::When the Heat played the Thunder last year in Miami I saw this kid at the game who looked lost, he was holding up a sign, "HAVE YOU SEEN THIS PLAYER, IT'S THE 4TH QUARTER AND I CAN'T FIND MY HERO" picture of LBJ.  BOOM!!!!
22Young Money::that was my son...have u seen him since? i remember leavin the game in the 3rd quarter but i forgot to bring him wit me
sgant22::LOL!
22Young Money::Cmon its black history month,,,anybody??? answer me please
noname420::What the heck does race have to do with any of that?
22Young Money::now heres a question...where can a brother watch a replay of the durant game winner?
jomsulli::Andris Biedrins, what a stud, 14 min, 0 points, rebounds, assists and 5 personal fouls nobody can compare except for maybe Perkins 19 min, 0 points, 2 rebounds, 0 assists and 4 TO's and 3 fouls, two stud centers right there
shufelt::There just aren't many truly great centers in the game today.  I think that's why we get so much hype over anyone who even shows the possibility of greatness - Oden a few years ago, and Darko before that.
22Young Money::Lebron is the most talented player in history of the NBA....ya feel?
pjreiter::He can be as "amazing" as he wants but it won't mean much if he never wins at least a couple titles.
shufelt::Lebron folded in the Finals.  That's not even a question, either.  I think he's the best player, but he really, really needs to get it done when it counts.
shufelt::He's been amazing this year, though.  And I'm not a Heat fan at all.
22Young Money::i agree cuz
sgant22::You keep the most talented, for all the marbles I'll take Durant as the BEST player period. DING DING and DING!!!!!!!
22Young Money::Lebron is the best player in the NBA right now period...its not even a question
Saints8365::Great Game!
yograndma821::hav e you guys ever falling asleep watching TV relatively early and then woke up in the middle of the night and not been able to get back to sleep $@%!$ happening to me.  Got home from three hour night class passed out woke up at 430 and i cant go back to sleep
22Young Money::theres drugs for that...interested???
22Young Money::I got a list heres the order of my list of the ten 1.Miami 2.Thunder 3.Bulls 4.San Antonio 5.Clippers 6.Lakers 7.Boston 8.Denver 9.Dallas 10.Philly
flyingiron2463::Denver should be number 4, philly over dallas and boston. and where are the pacers t-wolves at?
22Young Money::Im basin this more on how i think the seasons gonna end
yograndma821::SA should go down and denver go up (at least for reg season
chooch0706::what was the line on this game last night - 2.5????
22Young Money::Man Lebron James be ballin man an no one talkin bout him man cha please...The heat r a superior team hands down
sgant22::I'm not sure if y'all watched their past games cuz they only played twice a year but in every game LBJ does ok and Durant with LBJ covering him does whatever he wants whenever he wants and now Durant's cast is better too. Heat y'all stick to almost ruling the East cuz we us we got the whole league on lockdown. Pipedown back there in the backseat can't u see we drivin up here!
chooch0706::some how the heat will choke again!!!
22Young Money::aint no way that happenin again
sgant22::not even sure y'all can beat Chicago you don't want none of this!  As good as LBJ is good he cannot stop Durant. And there will be no "Have you seen this player" posters in the 4th Qtr when it comes to Durant-Boom!
22Young Money::Yeah that was too easy
yograndma821::hah lebron could easily stop durant he made rose look like a rookie playing in garbage time in the conference finals
22Young Money::we already beat chicago...Durant may be more clutch than lebron but Lebron is a better player overall no doubt...No one gonna stop us!
yograndma821::people keep saying don't blame mark jackson, but we consistently lose close games and frequently don't execute down the stretch...it's embarrasing that we have an announcer as our coach(and used to have a body builder/actor   as our governor)
sgant22::Stop whining. I can't speak for rest of season but in this game he called final possession plays to put them in position to win and players who have performed did not execute this time. Not a Mark J fan but clearly not his fault.
sgant22::so your not gonna give him credit for his team shooting lights out, killing OKC with pick and roll and pick and pop, i guess I'm gonna pull a Giselle and blame the players. It takes time and as an OKC fan with the best player in ball and sidekicks Westbrook and Harden, and role players Ibaka and Cook and Collison it takes time, it didn't happen in 1 year. Again not even a Mark J fan but I am impressed with how they have played thus far, few more players, more experience under his tutelage and future could be brighter.
yograndma821::a)you seem like a thunder fan so you wouldn't understand the pain of having m jack as a coach b)yes you are right in this game but in the last two minutes that dunk was way to easy and KDs final shot was far too open on that final shot.  I would normally blame that on the players, but Mark Jackson said like 50 times  when he got hired that he would turn our team into a good defensive team
sgant22::The old Thunder, did I just say that, how young are these kids, well the new Thunder are doing what elite teams do. Know matter how close the deficit, or even how outta their mind the other team is playing, even with all of their defensive lapses at times and turnover too, they find a way to win. I'm more impressed with that. Go Thunder!
GsDubb12::I'm glad I don't have to live in oklahoma
GsDubb12::If I lived in okc I would probably move
podirk::We are glad you don't live here too
hawaiianhonky::so much for Durant not being able to hit game winners huh?
sgant22::I bet they're glad you don't either
irespectcrosby::suck that ellis career high ruined!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jaguarcrazyboy::Kevin Durant can just ball.
WOOTPANCEONFIRE::GSW would have won if they had Lin coming off the bench.
DogOnLoose::Too bad they don't have him.
Spursdc::WB only had 9 turnovers
The_Ref_You_Like_To_Blame::Westbrook is the most aggressive PG and the upside is way better than the 9 turnovers.
soonerguy80::good lord man what is up with this Jeremy Lin thing guys tell your buddy Jeremy to stop having u guys hype up his name ...he's a nobody and never will be...
Spursdc::Lee had a tripple double
TheBlackGreenLantern::Jeremy Lin will make the All Star team this year because of the fan vote...
goo goo muck::Monta Ellis is what's wrong with the nba and the Warriors ...  the blame goes to Mark Jackson for allowing this gunner to consistently ignore his teammates and play one on five night after night ... but that's okay, Jackson will be back behind a microphone before too long ...
flyingiron2463::he averages 6 assist a game...which is more than Russ westbrook who is a PG. Monta is a SG just to let you know so I don't think he ignores his teammates too much.
TheBlackGreenLantern::that's just his game he's a scorer he holds the point record in Mississippi dropped 76 in high school the dude has been playing like this since his early years...
Spursdc::This game shouldn't have been close. The warriors suck
soonerguy80::ummm the last I checked Golden State was 0-2 against the Thunder...now what were u saying about a 7 game series ..also the Warriors r not even going to make the playoffs
nba is the worst::Too bad the Warriors don't have a center - Biedrins's stat line 0 pts 0rebs 0ast 1 stl 0 blk 5 pf
TheBlackGreenLantern::lol playoffs dude that's what it is all about..1 game doesn't mean a thing when you have to win the best out of 7
nba is the worst::Shows that the West is better than the east (Warriors beat the Bulls and Heatles)
nba is the worst::So dumb - the guy was 18-29 FGs - that's 62%
cnoteice1906::The problem is he he score the basketball but cant do much else.   No one on Golden State is playing any D
blue_gold7::Who wrote that crap of a title? Wouldn't it be better if it said Warrior lose despite 48 from Monte?
BOYSFAN2::NBA referees are the worst in pro sports.
nba is the worst::Consistently favoring the top teams.   Sad
CamNewtonRising::Damn Monta was goin' hard
HoosWarriors::Come on Dubs we gotta win these, Not on Mark Jackson but stilll
