iParth::.
Chinatown82647::The bucks are not mentally tough to compete. They are horrible at nut crunching time. It is now wonder that they will soon have tarps over the entire upper deck.
Bucks.fan.for.real::Let Jennings walk and keep Ellis at PG.  Line up next year.  And get a star player in free agency.  And Josh Smith. Ellis Redick Insert star player here Smith Sanders
lorinofga::Zaza was awesome off the bench and frustrated the Buck bigs.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::As a magic fan, that's the most FT's I think I've ever scene JJ take.  He's a great FT shooter but he does not like contact at all.
d_bokk::he put his body on the line last night, took a couple of big hits... I liked what I saw, looks like he wants to use this chance at the playoffs to show off for his next contract, which i dont mind at all
Clarence2126::playoff teams can at least win at home and the does are 500, yippy, they suck
Chinatown82647::One more month, and there will be more crickets in the Bradley center then fans. Why?. The Brewers will begin play. This town is a baseball town, and will never support the NBA. Nuff said.
Clarence2126::the does are at it again! what a start to the second half of the season, 0-3. i told you they suck. they may back their way into the playoffs, and that wont really mean much.
lorinofga::Hawks wouldnt allow Bucks to Low Ball them in a trade and then go out and beat them on the road!
NoThanks2U_25::The bucks are awful
Clarence2126::they arent tough enough to be called bucks, call them does
Pack_Badg_errr1::another blown game by the Bucks...  I hope we miss the playoffs and finally get rid of Ellis and Jennings...
joah5454_3::Jeff Teague is so underrated
MarquetteMike1977::Bucks did not get the benefit of any whistles when it came to turnovers all game.
Clarence2126::sure blame the refs as most fans do when their team loses, pathetic
wisconsinsportsrock::another night of watching the bucks choke in the final seconds... gotta LOVE IT!! We will never see another championship with SCUMBAGGKOHL as the owner!
d_bokk::they should have traded jennings.. this team will never win with a cry baby like him
Chinatown82647::If you truly believe that, then I got a bridge I can sell you.
Badlands7::What are you talking about? Kohl doesn't make personnel decisions.
sszy41::Brandon Jennings sucks a.ss
suchita78::Who is BucksPackers32?  He is spamming on Clippers - Jazz game.
Ramblin Wrek::i dont think we care. like at all.
The poster formerly known as bigjoe93atl::lol, it looks like the Bucks are playing basketball like we did back in 2011. We would get completely blown out by average teams. Get down by 30 vs. good teams and fight back to lose by 6, and blow 20 point leads.
gigolo555::good win hawks. Lets play better defense though.
ssj2gokuvsgallade::Well Bucks fans, how do you like Redick? We Orlando fans loved/love him!
lorinofga::bucks are mediocre ---doesnt matter
I like the Packers::He had a guy on his hip it seemed at all times, really cleared the floor for Ellis...if that is consistent I would say convince Ellis to be PG and let Jennings walk. Spend some money on a forward....hard to say after one game but loved him so far.
d_bokk::two thumbs up, maybe get a 2nd rounder or lat 1st round in a sign and trade of Jennings.. getting real tired of this guy
chikfilanuggetman::al is a top 5 centers averaging 17 and 10
neverstoppers23::lol
hussein623::neverstoppers23 - lol  whats there to "lol" about? He was saying the truth, or you just dont know anything about basketball
The poster formerly known as bigjoe93atl::He would be the BEST power forward in basketball if he played there every night behind a decent center. There is no one else in basketball at the 4 with his complete skillset.
The poster formerly known as bigjoe93atl::Darned Spanish assignments, I COMPLETELY forgot about this game! I didn't even get to chat with Bucks fans... :(
I like the Packers::Bucks story, get down by like 25 and come back and win. Or be up and competitve most the game until the last minutes of the 4th, then we forget how to play basketball
Flingtheball::The bucks blew the game when they had a 7 point lead with 3 min to go... Typical bucks basketball
MarquetteMike1977::It was a 7 point lead with 2:45 or less left
The poster formerly known as bigjoe93atl::Did they boo Josh Smith???
I like the Packers::14 of 28 threes will win you many games...I'm suprised it was close. Redick really helped spread the floor, just hope the Bucks can pull it all together.
Chinatown82647::Yeah, perhaps in another city.
cShOx::What happened to the win now mentality JJ gave them?
iownamicrowave::Met Brandon Jennings at a steve winwood concert
Flingtheball::Is he cool or is did the money get to his head?
iownamicrowave::actually told me he has blown a lot of his money following steve winwood around. A mega fan i guess
Ramblin Wrek::Braves 2013 WS Champs!!
Flingtheball::Wish you and your team the best man! Hope to see them represent the NL East with the Nationals come playoff time!
Ramblin Wrek::thats a minor fix, well be fine. its all about how the brothers hit
Flingtheball::Its just that they are overused come playoff time. They need to preserve their bullpen arms during the season and have their starters go longer. Other than that, they are a solid fix for the WS...
Flingtheball::I just do not like how your starters only give you 5 solid innings then you pass it off to your bullpen to pull the rest of the weight. Your starters should average at least 6.2 innings per start. This means they give you a better chance to win in the playoffs and you can rely on your starters more to hold the game for you.
michahs1::our relief wasn't even remotely overused last year before playoff time.  what?  have you been following baseball the last 2 years, or did you just start?  atl had no relief pitchers in the top 20 for innings in the national league last year, while maintaining the lowest bullpen ERA in the NL last year.  they also had the lowest starter ERA in the NL after July 1 last year, conveniently right after we ditched jair jurrjens and randall delgado.
Ramblin Wrek::offense will be juust fine. we will steal many more bases than last year. and the pitching is great what are you talking about? we have the best relief pitching in baseball
Flingtheball::Not sure about that. They have to overcome some issues they have such as the offense and how far their pitchers can go into games.
braveandme::well we have the best bullpen.....so if pitching cant go far that will help us
Atl7523::Almost 1k comments for the Hawks and Bucks...Who would of thought that.
Ramblin Wrek::over 1k actually
hollowpoint22::the nba is too much of a business and not enough of a sport youre a sucker if you give them a cent
Ramblin Wrek::we always beat the bucks in the playoffs. too easy
BoxingFanatic_444::RAPTORS BABY!!!!!!!!!! 4 GAMES BACK!!!!!!  GO RAPS!
suchita78::So Bucks Fans:  Do you not like your head coach?
Chinatown82647::Not even Phil Jackson could coach make this team respectable.
hollowpoint22::i thought they were over achieving when they fired their last coach
suchita78::Hawks took the Celtics to 7 games in 2008 when Celtics won the NBA Title.
Ramblin Wrek::whats your point lol??
Flingtheball::You inspired the celtics to reach greater heights.
Kevin...Durant::the east is so easy. i mean, the bucks are 2 games under .500 and are still the 8th seed. we would dominate in the east. -a complaining lakers fan.
Ramblin Wrek::youd have the 7 seed is my guess
suchita78::Horford got 5 stitches over the right eye---------------------&gt;
braveandme::Hawks fans? Who do u want to see the first round. Im assuming itll be between Knicks, Nets, and Bulls
Flingtheball::They will match up better against the knicks. The knicks have no defense or inside presence besides chandler
Ramblin Wrek::my 2nd choice of team to play
Ramblin Wrek::nets. we will kill them
braveandme::i agree. thats who i want
suchita78::It does not work that way.  You have to be prepared to meet any of the teams.
braveandme::obviously it doesnt work that way. Im wondering who we'd be best matched up against
Lemuel7043::against Indy. I think we match well against them. Although we don't have sweet Lou anymore
Garrettg23::indy will end up 2 seed.  They are hot right now and will get granger back soon
hollowpoint22::were the bucks tanking or are they just useless $@%!$
Chinatown82647::just useless $@%!$
Sam Dekkers Dad::As a Wisconsin native living in Atlanta, I will say that the majority of Atlanta sports fans are fairweather on the pro level, and complete bandwagoners on the college level.
Flingtheball::The ATL fans are too used to the braves winning. Just like yankee fans are too used to the yankees winning. Once a winning culture is established, you expect them to win and it can go two ways: The fans show up to support the team, or the fans dont show up expecting the team to always win with or without their support. The yankees situation went one way and the atl situation went the other...
Ramblin Wrek::well the braves are a good team and we dont draw big crowds.. so ur wrong..
Flingtheball::Good teams draw big crowds. Thats all I can say...
Ramblin Wrek::its americas team
Ramblin Wrek::the tv ratings for the braves are top 5 in the mlb. people watch the games. also when on the road the braves have 4th largest attendance out of any team
colobr731::That more because the Braves are on TV all the time, because of their connection with Turner.
Ramblin Wrek::MIDDLE TIER as in 15th in the MLB. big whoop
Ramblin Wrek::attendance is middle tier
Ramblin Wrek::a new yorker in the hawks bucks thread?? am i missing something here..
Ramblin Wrek::real fans DO go anyway. those are the people that are there.
Flingtheball::The majority of the fans in ATL look at it in a opposite way. They believe that they can support from afar while they win. But it comes to show that that method does not work when your teams need extra support to go the next level...
Sam Dekkers Dad::That doesn't make any sense. If they're expected to win, then more people should show up at the ballpark
Flingtheball::They are expected to win as well. So less anticipation for success.
Sam Dekkers Dad::There's obviously not a lot of real fans then because the attendance sucks.
Ramblin Wrek::^ lol i make 5 times your salary dude
Flingtheball::Exactly! The price of living is lower here than it is where you live... Imagine having a NY salary in GA?!
Ramblin Wrek::ok attendance isnt great i agree. but its because there is nothing around turner field. once we get some bars and stuff around attendance will skyrocket. its too dangerous right now
colobr731::You couldn't pay me to go to a game at Turner field, the stadium is a dump and you'd be lucky not to get shot going into it.
Flingtheball::Some of the fans cannot afford the tickets since they are paid less in georgia...
Sam Dekkers Dad::So you're saying people would go to the games if there were more things to do. Isn't the point to go because you actually want to watch the game? Real fans would go anyway.
Flingtheball::He is speaking about the majority... not the minority that consists of real fans...
Ramblin Wrek::this city loves their falcons and especially braves.. you should know that if u watch sports..
Flingtheball::Television is getting better... That may be one reason
Sam Dekkers Dad::They love the Braves because they've been good for the past 20 years. But attendance at Turner Field is $@%!.
Ramblin Wrek::im not
Sam Dekkers Dad::then you would be one of the few. It might be because your favorite college team isn't in the SEC.
suchita78::Can i get an amen The bucks and the hawks are not really decent teams to be honest ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- To the respective fans, their teams are always decent.  And they might be looking for smaller goals and improvements like getting into playoffs; getting through the first round or whatever.
Garrettg23::Yeah neither team is a factor come playoff time.  Hawks MAYBE make the second round if they play well.  Bucks are lucky to make it
Ramblin Wrek::hawks almost always make it past first round. just sayin
Ramblin Wrek::go hawks! we will beat the heat and shoot lights out in the playoffs!
hussein623::i hope so
Can i get an amen::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Ramblin Wrek::amen, glad you agree
dcenate05050::3 guard lineup looked terrible on defense.. hope we don't see it again..  just give monta or jennings less mins
suchita78::Jennings should get less minutes, esp in 4th Qtr.
Garrettg23::Redick is a nice player but the move doesn't get them any closer to the second round unfortunately
Chinatown82647::They will be in the lottery, so need for this post.
suchita78::Very difficult if you face Heat.
Paul98955::This is our team and our town. If you love the Packers and not the Bucks then move. You're not a real Sconie.
Chinatown82647::The only team in this town resides at Miller Park. Thank God, only a month or so to watch professional sports again.
Lemuel7043::Reddick had a good game. Good trade I guess
hollowpoint22::irrelevant trade
suchita78::It is Redick, but yes good trade.
Leeroy1209::Most corrupt sport in history, score 2 points In the last 3 minutes c'mon man......
hussein623::yeah thats right, all u bucks fans shouldn't have been talking all that trash before the game, thats what you get! Yall are a pretty decent team and all, but dont start thinking all highly of yourself
Can i get an amen::The bucks and the hawks are not really decent teams to be honest
dcenate05050::fans talk trash. does it really hurt your feelings?
hussein623::dcenate05050 - fans talk trash. does it really hurt your feelings?  it should be hurting your feelings knowing that ur team just lost, cuz now u cant talk trash anymore, can you?
suchita78::Bucks Last 4 games decided by a total of 8 points.-----------&gt;
Flingtheball::How about that ATL hockey team? eh? Wait you lost them? Well at least the braves and hawks wont leave until 2017.  Enjoy them while you can...
bravesforlife1413::Saturday night Flingball must have watched too much porn now that he is trolling around in ATL sports recaps. If you knew anything about hockey you would know that the loss of the thrashers was due to bad ownership not the fans nor the team itself. Go troll somewhere else or here is a thought stop playing world of Warcraft, shower, and step outside just to see what its like!
hussein623::your welcome, im glad u accept the truth
hussein623::flingtheball is a perfect example of a troll. what a sad life
Flingtheball::Thanks for the compliment...
Ramblin Wrek::suck a d dude go atlanta
braveandme::noone cares about hockey. Thats about as weak an argument as u can have
hussein623::dude u go for like 12 teams, just leave!
Flingtheball::10 to 8, you win
dcenate05050::i hate judging players by 1 game but redick looked better with the ball than jennings..
suchita78::Agreed.
Lemuel7043::That's gotta sting. Leading by 7 under 3 mins left.
Paul98955::Yes. It really does.  Sad Buck fan.
hollowpoint22::$@%
totalrekall::bad loss for the Bucks. where was Jennings in the last couple mins? he's the PG. he needs to drive and set up some open shots. and Sanders defense on last possession was awful. he let Horford take him all the way to the basket. stand your ground. this is why the Bucks needed to trade for a skilled post player. Jefferson or Millsap would have been perfect
Lemuel7043::when he came in that's were the Bucks blow the lead
totalrekall::yeah I'm saying he didnt do his job
suchita78::Bucks have lost the last 3 games, and 9 of the last 11 games.  Something needs to change drastically.
ChiTown3452::skiles
dcenate05050::coaching
d_bokk::we were one whiney Jennings tech away from OT
