thyshakes::Harden is a superstar. Lin is a rookie point guard with potential and with certain proven abilities. Lin is learning and too early to say where he will end up. His story is inspirational until the Knicks squashed it with ego and selfishness. There are definitely fake Lin fans here trying to make sure Lin fans look bad. No need to compare Harden and Lin because as guards, they should make each others and their team better. As the youngest team in the NBA, this team sure has a lot of potential. Sure is a lot more exciting than watching Melo playing one on one.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::James Harden took over in the 4th quarter by scoring almost all their 4th quarter points!!
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::I feel good about where the Rockets are but they can get even more higher with a win against Spurs but it won't be the end of the world if they dont win with a 16-12 record!!
giangir::Lin is 3rd leading vote getter for western conference backcourt.  Everybody needs to go to nba.com and vote for him, would be hilarious if he passes Chris Paul and starts in the all star game.
thyshakes::Your LIn hating strategy is stupid and will simply back-fire.  Everyone knows that All-star doesn't mean anything.  It's simply about popularity.  If anything, it will just prove market value of Lin in terms of merchandise sale over seas.  You will simply get more and more Asian sponsors and marketing.  Get over your stereotyping hatred.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::everyone thumb ME up for this to get done...
Kev_010::lost the game cause of love. T Wolves have no scoring option and no scoring threat
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::false, they had their usual guys in there like pekovic, love, rubio
05Xav::Just a reminder to all JLin fans keep voting JLin for All Star, not hating on other Rockets. JLin Haters can ignore this.
thyshakes::fake fan here.  It's amazing how far stereotyping hatred could carry.  If LIn starts in All-star, great.  NBA will get more Asian sponsors.
thyshakes::Harden is a superstar. Lin is a rookie point guard with potential and with certain proven abilities. Lin is learning and too early to say where he will end up. His story is inspirational until the Knicks squashed it with ego and selfishness. There are definitely fake Lin fans here trying to make sure Lin fans look bad. No need to compare Harden and Lin because as guards, they should make each others and their team better. As the youngest team in the NBA, this team sure has a lot of potential. Sure is a lot more exciting than watching Melo playing one on one.
giangir::Does seem a lot of Lin fans hate on Harden calling him a ballhog etc, and made him out to be the reason why Lin was struggling.  Harden is by far the best player on the Rockets and Lin needs to adjust his play to fit with Harden and not viceversa.
JSCPDX::Yeah, I hear you. Still, good players make other players better. At this point, Harden isn't a ball hog but it's so clear he's trying to get his due. He'll figure it out just like most players who win contracts that size do. In the end, it's the ring everyone wants and a guy who has to score 30+ a night to tip them in the win column isn't very sustainable.
walle D_ D::Ok for this Percy guy, Asik is a great rebounder unlike the centers Pek has been playing, Asik wouldn't let love and Pek rebound over him all the time, Plus love shot was way off so Asik didnt have to come out as often as the others did. Love is a star too, but maybe not a superstar. He is still the best player on that team until Rubio learns how to shoot consistantly. Just my opinion.
bobbydagreat::It does look like Love has a bad attitude though, but I have a hard time blaming him, he has to play in the NBA on essentially a Euroleague team. That can't be very fun.
Percy Starvin 12.::Do you not see how that can effect the chemistry on a team?  Just look at Kobe.  The guy has shown that without other superstars he is unable to really lead a team to victory.
bobbydagreat::I do see that, you guys should trade him for Ersan Ilyasova so you can complete your Euroleague team. I'd offer Motiejunas, but Love isn't worth a superstar player like that.
Dezagcoog::I agree with that.
Dezagcoog::I'm out! bobby see you later sir. Scr.ew the jazz and enjoy your excuses percy. You're gonna get real far with them.
Dezagcoog::Like we're just $@%!$@% with you now and you are still taking it so seriously and excusing Pek and AK and all this crud. Get past it dude. You take it too seriously
Percy Starvin 12.::bobbydagreat So because he took a bunch of inferior centers to school means that he should take Asik as well? Odd logic.   --- All of those guys are better than Asik.
bobbydagreat::Perhaps in your opinion, that is not surprising, after all he doesn't play for the Wolves.
Dezagcoog::hmmm true.
Percy Starvin 12.::Love is a borderline ball stopper that takes ill-advised 3 point shots with no one under the basket to secure the rebound.  His defense is trash and he gives up large amounts of easy buckets to opposing bigs.  This game is a team sport and when one player puts himself above the rest, the team tends to fail.  Not sure how this is an excuse, it is me analyzing who ruins the chemistry on the team.
Dezagcoog::Also don't forget the refs and everyone in the building being sick besides the rockets.
Percy Starvin 12.::Never said that either.
Dezagcoog::what about everyone being sick?
Percy Starvin 12.::I forget when I blamed the refs for the loss last night.  Maybe you can point it out.
bobbydagreat::He's still easily the best player on the Wolves.
bobbydagreat::That's why they are scoring 95 points per game....
Percy Starvin 12.::Not at all.  They had bad games last night.  But when they are on the Wolves are nearly unstoppable on the offensive end.
bobbydagreat::Then you guys are in trouble.
Percy Starvin 12.::Pek or Shved.
bobbydagreat::LOL, ok, then who in your opinion is the best player on the Wolves?
Percy Starvin 12.::See no he isn't.  Just because ESPN tells you that doesn't make him the best.
Percy Starvin 12.::Dezagcoog and even still. the other things are excuses. ---- How is saying that Love marginalizes this team an excuse?  It is simply me saying that the Wolves are better without him.  Whether or not you accept it, some players do actually make a team worse.
bobbydagreat::So you guys have decided that Love doesn't get to be deified? Is it because he might leave? I would expect you guys to come up with some sort of explanation for why he played poorly, he is a Minnesota player after all, no way he just had a bad game.
bobbydagreat::So because he took a bunch of inferior centers to school means that he should take Asik as well? Odd logic.
Dezagcoog::Percy Starvin 12. - You obviously don't know me very well.  I haven't like Love since the middle of last year when I realized he doesn't have what it takes to be a real "superstar".  In response to the whole Pek thing.  I would say that him being sick had a larger impact on his play last night than you guys are willing to admit.  The guy recently took Chandler, Perkins, Bosh, and Mcgee to school.  I guess the Almighty Asik was just too much for him to handle.  You're right I don't know you very well, but I sure do know you like to make excuses.
Dezagcoog::yeah he is a backup g-d so he wasn't affected. Just watch the moment that Love leaves they will be scoring 170-178 pts per game, IN ONLY 4 QTRS, while they keep the opponent to only like 36 pts or so. and maybe not even that.
Percy Starvin 12.::You obviously don't know me very well.  I haven't like Love since the middle of last year when I realized he doesn't have what it takes to be a real "superstar".  In response to the whole Pek thing.  I would say that him being sick had a larger impact on his play last night than you guys are willing to admit.  The guy recently took Chandler, Perkins, Bosh, and Mcgee to school.  I guess the Almighty Asik was just too much for him to handle.
Dezagcoog::AK47 was supposed to score like 25 pts but Love didn't let him. Just like Harden doesn't let Lin score and Asik is at fault for Lin's turnovers
bobbydagreat::Of course Barea is a full on god, so he was unaffected.
bobbydagreat::Dezagcoog - He's the excuse as to why even Shved didn't play like a demi g-d  Ah, that makes sense.
Dezagcoog::He's the excuse as to why even Shved didn't play like a demi g-d
Percy Starvin 12.::Dezagcoog Also I'm not so sure they flew... --- So he had a 6 hour bus ride during which he could sleep.  Depending on how hungover Pek was, given that was what was actually wrong, those can last for more than one day.
bobbydagreat::Still nothing but an excuse, he had a poor game, leave it at that.
bobbydagreat::Sorry, I forgot that I was insulting one of your basketball gods, of course the only reason he had a poor game was because he was hungover, that's the only possible explanation.
Dezagcoog::It doesn't, we just simply said it's an excuse, and you claim it's not and it simply is an excuse. Some day you'll learn that excuses and whining don't help anything.
Dezagcoog::I stopped being terse about it and tried to explain it to him dude, you can't blame me for this. He just wants to excuse it so he's going to nothing I had to do with it. I'm not talking to him about Pek anymore...
Percy Starvin 12.::And all I am saying is that his poor game was probably due to the fact that he was sick.  I am not sure why that bothers you guys so much.
Dezagcoog::yeah we get it he had the ultimate excuse as to why he played badly, he's super irresponsible and an idiot. Good for him. I'm done with it. I just said i don't think they flew....didn't say a single thing about sleep or anything...
Dezagcoog::when you have to excuse and explain every little thing you say, you're obviously not saying things that make too much sense. I'm sorry dude, but get past the excuses.     There's a difference between "well he was sick and Love kept him down and the refs gave the rockets the game" and "the rockets fast tempo didn't give them the game today because they were ineffective in it. What won them the game is when the Wolves went cold at the end of the third and Harden started taking over. Then the Wolves weren't able to respond. We usually depend on Love but he wasn't able to close for us today and no one else stepped up."    you hear a slight difference between those two? one is whiney and full of excuses. the other is objective and analytical
Dezagcoog::and even still. the other things are excuses.
Dezagcoog::You never said that the refs helped the rockets last night?
Percy Starvin 12.::No I didn't.  I was referring to you saying that since the Wolves didn't destroy the Knicks then they were never going to beat the Rockets.
Percy Starvin 12.::Dude my ref comment wasn't about last night. It was about the NY game.  Seriously you need to pay attention more.  Also Love is an overrated self proclaimed "superstar" and does marginalize the rest of the team.  That is not an excuse, it is a fact.
bobbydagreat::What last night came down to was that the Rockets have a superstar player they can rely on at the end of games and the Wolves don't.
bobbydagreat::As to the refs in this game, they called a grand total of 7 fouls on the Wolves going into the 4th quarter, they were incredibly one sided for most of the game and they evened it up in the end by starting to call the fouls on the Wolves that they previously ignored. They didn't end up helping one side over the other.
Dawan208::If Asik keeps these numbers up and keeps producing like he does,  I couldn't  see why he can't play on the all-stars team!!!!!!!    He's so productive!!!!!!
Percy Starvin 12.::Dezagcoog true, you did call it. it's just silly. If he had simply said the guy had a bad game and Asik outplayed him but he still thinks Pek is better I'd have been totally cool with it, but excuses are bs. ---- That is exactly what I said.  But to brush off  Pek being sick and acting as though it had nothing to do with it is ignorant.
Dezagcoog::Also I'm not so sure they flew...
Dezagcoog::No you didnt, and you just excused it again...
bobbydagreat::I'm hungover all the time, so I know how Pek felt, but it's no worse at 8 pm than getting jerked around all night with flight delays.
bobbydagreat::You don't fly much do you?
Percy Starvin 12.::Lack of sleep?  For what?  The one hour it took to board and unboard the plane?
bobbydagreat::It affects it just about as much as a lack of sleep on a B2B.
Percy Starvin 12.::So you are telling me that a player being sick does not effect their ability to perform at a high level?
Percy Starvin 12.::Dezagcoog dude your an excuse machine, first the refs, then love, now he was sick. ---- Actually I watch the game.  If a player gets his arm grabbed and spun around while in the act of shooting that is more than just a missed call.  Love is completely overrated and I have watched game after game of him marginalizing the other players on the court due to his inconsistent offense and non existent defense.  Also, a player being sick has a large effect on his physical ability to perform at a peak level.  If you think that the 2 point, 7 reb, and 1-7 shooting performance is a normal Pek stat line, then you don't know very much.  You are the type of person that takes single events and blows them out of proportion.
Dezagcoog::yeah dude, you're completely proving me wrong that you're an excuse machine. Keep digging that grave.   also "You are the type of person that takes single events and blows them out of proportion." pretty much EXACTLY what you just did with that whole spinning a guy around rant....
Dezagcoog::when you have to excuse and explain every little thing you say, you're obviously not saying things that make too much sense. I'm sorry dude, but get past the excuses.   There's a difference between "well he was sick and Love kept him down and the refs gave the rockets the game" and "the rockets fast tempo didn't give them the game today because they were ineffective in it. What won them the game is when the Wolves went cold at the end of the third and Harden started taking over. Then the Wolves weren't able to respond. We usually depend on Love but he wasn't able to close for us today and no one else stepped up."  you hear a slight difference between those two? one is whiney and full of excuses. the other is objective and analytical
Percy Starvin 12.::I am giving you an instance of where the game was 86-82 and the Wolves were winning.  Barea goes up for a shot and gets spun around.  That would have put the Wolves up 88-82 with about 3 minutes left and would have made it much harder for the Knicks to come back.   My comment was in reference to you thinking certain players are better due to the fact they out-performed someone in one single game.
Percy Starvin 12.::Also I usually don't blame the refs as I agree the miss calls both ways throughout the whole game.  But do me a favor and watch the last 5 minutes of the NY game and tell me that the refs didn't play a part.
bobbydagreat::I'd argue that Asik is better defensively and on the boards than Pek, and Pek is a better offensive player, just like I thought before the game. Overall I take Asik as the guy that fits what the Rockets need, The Wolves likely need what Pek brings rather than what Asik brings and that's fine.
Dezagcoog::to be fair I called a "Rockets fan"(really Lin fan) out earlier for blaming the refs too. It's just bs to do that. I'm not 12 yrs old anymore.
Dezagcoog::dude your an excuse machine, first the refs, then love, now he was sick.
Dezagcoog::the refs should never be an excuse cause they've always been like this and always will be. Its just the nature of the game. It's like getting mad at a dog for barking. it helps no one and nothing. Get over it and learn how to win through that.
bobbydagreat::LOL, the refs shouldn't be an excuse, they were in the Wolves' pockets for 3 quarters, they didn't get screwed because they started calling fouls on them in the 4th
Dezagcoog::except asik schooled him on the offensive side too
Dezagcoog::true, you did call it. it's just silly. If he had simply said the guy had a bad game and Asik outplayed him but he still thinks Pek is better I'd have been totally cool with it, but excuses are bs.
bobbydagreat::Well just like I said before the game, it's just what Minnesota fans do with their players. Anyone who is even fairly good gets deified. Just let them do it, doesn't change anything.
Percy Starvin 12.::Have you seen the guys last 10 games?  I'll take that sample size over this one game.
Dezagcoog::fair enough but this guy is being ridiculous. Acting like Pek is some all star but played like crud  cause he was feeling under the weather a bit
Percy Starvin 12.::You are that typical fan of a team that makes everyone hate them.
bobbydagreat::He had 9 points, he didn't exactly school anyone.
NewAges::Regardless you are old, new, any form, any shape Rockets fans, if you bash on any Rocket players, you are not Rocket fans  in my book
Dezagcoog::only tuoi
NewAges::Did I call them fake Rocket fans?
Dezagcoog::i hope u say that when all the other crazy lin fans like redbul and timetodie n all come here claiming harden is a ballhog and that asik somehow made lin lose the ball....
Percy Starvin 12.::Dezagcoog a sick pek? Parsons played on a messed up knee but no one has been using it as an excuse as to why he didn't score more....but poor little Pekky was sick...c'mon.... ---- I didn't know being objective was making excuses.  Are you unable to comprehend that a person who is sick does not play as well as if they were not sick?
Dezagcoog::but they werent sick....or hungover...whatever it all counts the same. one was apersonal choice the other was an act of nature
Percy Starvin 12.::I didn't know we were arguing who has the better personal decision making skills.  In that case MJ was a terrible ball player.
bobbydagreat::Are you also able to comprehend that a guy playing on a B2B where he wasn't able to leave the previous city till 4 AM probably wouldn't be playing their best either? I'm sorry if the guy was hungover, but I imagine all of the Rockets were feeling pretty crappy too
bobbydagreat::And being hungover isn't an excuse at 8 pm.
Percy Starvin 12.::Dude they go to the airport after the game and wait for their plane.  The player can sleep or do whatever they want.  the flight to the Cities is 1 hour.  They go to the hotel and sleep for another 6 or 7 hours.  That is hardly be drug through airports.
bobbydagreat::..............really? You want to make excuses for a hungover player, but being kept up and drug through airports all night long isn't anything.....
Dezagcoog::hahahahaha go stick ur excuses somewhere else. Pek isnt as awesome as u wish and asik schooled him  FACT
Percy Starvin 12.::People make way too much of back to backs.  Was he unable to sleep in the airport or on the plane?
Dezagcoog::yeah "objective"
Dezagcoog::and I'm going to be a total dou.ceh here but you mean affects not effects.
Percy Starvin 12.::It is quite objective to say that a persons health effects their physical abilities.
bobbydagreat::"a sick pek?"  As to him being "sick", a lot of the radio guys were insinuating that he was hungover rather than actually sick. I thought that was interesting.
Percy Starvin 12.::Dude parties.  However the physical condition is very much  the same.
Dezagcoog::only idiots get drunk the night before a game and idiots usually arent good players.
Percy Starvin 12.::Yeah because only garbage players get drunk.
Dezagcoog::so your saying he's irresponsible? Umm thats the hallmark of a not good player.
Dezagcoog::Hey boby, how do you feel about the jazz?
Dezagcoog::Thats the test to find out who's a real rockets fan and who isnt.
Dezagcoog::go down a little and see what responses I got. "they're alright"
Dezagcoog::LOL yeah about 3 months
bobbydagreat::LOL, those are just Rockets fans that haven't been around that long
Dezagcoog::THANK YOU!! another real rockets fan
bobbydagreat::I hate them like poison. I always will.
Dezagcoog::Heck, as a Rockets fan I shouldn't admit it but this definitely happened. And the refs didn't do anything about it. http://espn.go.com/blog/truehoop/post/_/id/50511/the-ghost-of-game-7  It's always happened and always will.
Percy Starvin 12.::You guys don't honestly think that Asik is better just because he had a decent game against a sick Pek, right?
bobbydagreat::Asik is criminally underrated, a lot of fans of opposing teams have been finding that out the hard way lately.
Dezagcoog::LOL ok now you're just trying to prove that you are an excuse person.
Dezagcoog::a sick pek? Parsons played on a messed up knee but no one has been using it as an excuse as to why he didn't score more....but poor little Pekky was sick...c'mon....
Percy Starvin 12.::You are proving to be a person who is unwilling to critically analyze anything.  Not everything is so cut an dry.
NguyenDragon::Its close... Asik does average a double double...
NguyenDragon::It looks like DWill got another coach fired... Maybe franchises will eventually realize its him...
Dezagcoog::who else did he get fired? plus Avery Johnson was a good player, never been a good coach really. Decent but not good. Don't really Dwill either though. but wouldn't mind having him on my team LOL
NguyenDragon::Dezagcoog - who else did he get fired? plus Avery Johnson was a good player, never been a good coach really. Decent but not good. Don't really Dwill either though. but wouldn't mind having him on my team LOL  Sloan... I rather not have DWill... He has the talent but as a leader you don't point fingers at others when things go wrong...
Percy Starvin 12.::Dezagcoog so....before the game it was Well Love is in now. We had been losing cause he was out. Now it's Love caused us to lose. WE DESTROYED the Knicks at home. IF you couldn't beat them without Love and you couldn't beat us with Love how is it his fault? With Love you probably would have beat the knicks. And no matter what you would not have beat us. We destroyed them. ---- The Wolves are better without Love.  They have proved it time and again this year.  Also the Wolves were destroying the Knicks for most of the game until the last 3 minutes when the refs decided they couldn't call anymore fouls on them.  It was proven when JJ Barea was completely spun around while trying to shoot and nothing was called.  Also if Pek were his normal self last night he goes for 15+ and the Wolves win by 10+.  My main point is that Love is overrated and doesn't really deserve the money he is getting due to his inconsistent play and terrible defense.  If I were in charge I would try and trade him straight up to Portland for Aldridge.  Or to the Bobcats for MKG and some draft picks.
Dezagcoog::and Portland will never let go of LMA. He's the only PF I would want the Rox to go after.
NguyenDragon::Trade him to us please... If there is enough complaints ownership will hear... You guys can have Royce White as a bonus... He is from around here...
Dezagcoog::DANG! lol
Percy Starvin 12.::No thanks.  The wolves do the same traveling that the Rockets do.  I couldn't careless that he is from here.
Dezagcoog::well the fact that you blamed anything on the refs makes me call it all BS. I'm sure that a ton of Knicks fans also felt the Refs helped you out. You lost you lost. man up.
Dezagcoog::yeah. THAT has always happened and always will....you can complain and moan about it for the next 30 years and it will keep happening unless we get robot refs. So yeah...get over it.
Percy Starvin 12.::Not at all.  It is more like me getting mad at a dog for biting me.  And you telling me to get over it because he always has and always will.  There are bad calls in every game (that just happens).  Then there are instances where refs literally play a part in the outcome.
Dezagcoog::No, those are excuses. Your team needs to be good enough that nothing will stop them from winning. If you're not good enough then forget about it. It's always been this way and always will be. It's like getting mad at a dog for barking. He always has and always will. get past it.
Percy Starvin 12.::Dude watch a replay of the game and check out the last half of the 4th quarter.  It was mind blowing.  Whether or not you agree with it there have been many of games where the quality of the refs has decided the outcome.  That was one.
Dezagcoog::Be honest everyone. How do you feel about the Jazz?
NewAges::New Age Rockets fans kill them all.....
Dezagcoog::I have no problems with y'all who are here now. Most likely Lin fans but not obnoxious and you're adding good convo. But a real Rox fan has the most purest of hatred for them.
Dezagcoog::No offense to anyone, but the reality is that there are only 2 real Rockets fans on this board right now. Rushing and me. A real Rockets fan responds to that question with PURE HATRED. The Utah J!zz are the enemy and they are to be destroyed.
NguyenDragon::The reason why I hate DWill (beside the crying)... He is tainted by Utah...
thyshakes::UTAH is an ok team.  Effecient but I don't think they have enough to get far in the playoff if they make it that far.  This will be true for years with their current players.
rushingrockets07::im biased cuz i had lowry everything. he was our star in my opinion. and def a top 6 pg with us
NguyenDragon::I was a big fan of his but when he started crying to the media it was time to go...
rushingrockets07::i miss lowry ugh!!!!!!!!!!!! i think we would have 3 more wins this yr with him
Dezagcoog::he was getting way too uppity. I'm happy with our guys. Younger and gonna grow together.
Dezagcoog::if you woulda said Shawn kemp that woulda bugged me more.
Dezagcoog::ruined our season like 3 times then got fat...
rushingrockets07::ok and thaddeus young lol
Dezagcoog::mehhh....doesn't bug me so much.
Dezagcoog::this is really the best test
rushingrockets07::ill throw in jason terry on that list lol
Dezagcoog::No the Jazz is a natural hate. They are the most evil of the evil franchises. They are worse than the Evil Empire of the Yankees. They are even worse than the Lakers. They are Evil incarnate and proof that Good has to exist if something so ugly exists. ESPECIALLY THEIR FANS!!!
NguyenDragon::Dallas is a natural hate... Jazz was just too dirty for my liking...
Dezagcoog::why'd you bring him up. I'm going to have nightmares tonight....
thyshakes::Not too bad on a rainy day.
NguyenDragon::They should give up the name... NO Pelicans?  Are they kidding?
Dezagcoog::no one else?
rushingrockets07::i hate everything about utah and i never have been there thanx to the jazz lol
Dezagcoog::Utah jazz not New orleans jazz
rushingrockets07::hoping we can pull out a nice 10 games win streak and keep this playoff wagon rolling.
thyshakes::The Spurs will be a good measuring stick.  They won against some pretty good teams thus far.  The Rockets were actually pretty close last Spurs team without Harden.  It will be an interesting game to watch just like all of them.
NguyenDragon::We need to play fast and aggressive the whole game to stand a chance...
Dezagcoog::especially now that Lin and Harden are meshing more.
rushingrockets07::how about moving royce white for a 1st round pick??
NguyenDragon::Who wants him though?  Maybe Minnesota... He does have ties there...
thyshakes::Young and exciting team to watch.  The Rocket also have a lot of cap space to add more talent in.
rushingrockets07::i love the youth and there getting to grow together. hopefully are d inproves as the season progresses
Dezagcoog::thats what i keep saying
NewAges::As long as the Rockets fight for playoffs spot, there will be more chances. The players will improve as the season progresses.
rushingrockets07::duncan is a monster and could play another 3 yrs imo. plus we got tough one with okc coming up too
Dezagcoog::yeah. Spurs are gonna be hard to beat. Duncan has really progressed his game into a slower pace well.
05Xav::seems like every backup pg got something to prove when playing Jlin. Don't they realize even if they score 50 points they're still going to lose. That's why you're a backup foo!
nbaespn45::Other PGs can think all they want but they have to prove it. They need to check Hoopsstat to see how they do compare to JL before making any comment, especially the last 10 games against otehr starting PGs, and check out Lin and Harden back court combo stat as well.
T-Wolves12::*we're
05Xav::Not just JJ but every backup pg seems to think they're better than Lin. Nate Robinson was chest pumping and talking trash after making shots when Rockets played the bulls.
T-Wolves12::I assume your talking about Barea.  Keep in mind hes our number one backup this year and generally scores a lot no matter who where playing against.  Lin has nothing to do with it imo.
rushingrockets07::where all those twolves who said pek was better then asik and ak was better then parsons?? get that trash outta here
rushingrockets07::when i think of the jazz i think of the playoff game on my bday they eliminated us after we were up 3 2 in the series. it seemed like the 10th time they beat us out the playoffs. they are true rockets killers
Dezagcoog::well we did quite a bit of $@% kicking too. But they were sooooo dirty!! ALWAYS under Sloan. throwing elbows and !$@%. I hate them sooo much
rushingrockets07::screw the jazz!!!
Dezagcoog::LOL this just made me figure something out. If we need to find out wether some "fan" on this board is a true Rockets fan or just a Lin fan we should just ask how they feel about the Jazz. Easy and very accurate test.
rushingrockets07::ak is toping out and gonna be declining soon. parsons is on his rise and id only gonna get better. wes johnson is trash and is gonna be d leagued pretty soon.
T-Wolves12::I can agree with the first point, as for the second I haven't seen enough of Parsons to get a good read, but keep in mind how solid AK has been this year.  All his career stats are up and hes been a huge help to the Wolves (at least better than Wes Johnson was).
Dezagcoog::I'll say this. And trust me it's a huge compliment coming from a guy who was a kid when he saw malone and stockton get BS calls in their favor while they just beat up(LITERALLY) on all their opponents at home. Sloan was a dirty $@% coach. I HATE the Jazz. while AK was there, he was easily the least hateful guy. Good game and the cleanest of the bunch. I like the guy. Can be a really clutch shooter.
NguyenDragon::Rockets fans knows him quite well... Utah was like our biggest rival... We could never beat them...
Dezagcoog::Parsons has carried our team through no less than a third of our games, when Harden wasn't fully showing up yet. Additionally Parsons is in his second year and doing this. He's only going to get better from here on out. The guy is a legit future all star. Maybe not perennial all-star but I bet he'll squeeze in one year at least. Whereas AK never was close.
rushingrockets07::very true
rushingrockets07::i say pek and asik are pretty even giving ones more o and ones more d. but parsons is way better then ak and way younger
Dezagcoog::except Asik outplayed Pek on BOTH sides of the ball yesterday.
T-Wolves12::I still believe the same, this was one game where again, the Rockets were anchored by Harden.
NguyenDragon::NewYorkSportsLife19 - Do you think Love is gonna pressure the Wolves to trade him?  He is probably not but if he plays unhappy they will be forced... Kind of like Houston with Lowry...
Dezagcoog::proof is in the pudding Asik and Parsons outplayed those guys. Did harden guard Pek and AK47?
NewYorkSportsLife19::That would really suck for the Wolves. I doubt they could ever get equal amount of talent back
NguyenDragon::He is our closer...
NewYorkSportsLife19::Do you think Love is gonna pressure the Wolves to trade him?
Dezagcoog::lolol with their cat avatars.
Dezagcoog::They would never explain it. they just would say "what cats"
NguyenDragon::Dezagcoog - lolol with their cat avatars.  Did anyone find out why?
NguyenDragon::I hope that was Harden trying to recruit Love at the end...
rushingrockets07::klove anyday
Dezagcoog::LOL  nah I wouldn't want a guy with attitude problems. Last guy like that what shemac and I hated her. always whining and destroying team chemistry. Complaining when Yao couldn't catch a ball that was at his feet. so stupid. I like our PF position. Let these guys grow up before we replace them
Dezagcoog::Even then he's not going anywhere. He's their cornerstone.
NguyenDragon::Dezagcoog - there's no way it would happen but i'd take LMA  I think he is out of reach unless Portland stink it up real bad...
NguyenDragon::I still think we need one more star to contend... Who would you rather have?
Dezagcoog::there's no way it would happen but i'd take LMA
Dezagcoog::yeah it'd be nice but you have no assurances that you'll get happy klove...I don't want to take the chance. would rather keep Morris and PPat. JSmith would also be terrible.
NguyenDragon::I think a change of scenery will do him some good... Plus we have a max contract... Imagine Asik and Love grabbing rebounds... I mean happy KLove not the one playing last night...
NewAges::The Rockets have been using Lin more as PG lately and maximize both Lin and Harden. Is it a right move?
NewAges::The Wolves had prepared to shut down the Rockets fast-break plays last night. Thats why the Rockets can't play effectively at the first half.
NewYorkSportsLife19::I think he got like 27 minutes or something, don't feel like checking but doesn't he usually get more?
NguyenDragon::It depends on his game... Last night was rough no doubt...
NewAges::Lin still need to improve on his jump shots and 3-point shot then he be ok. But at the moment, the good coach should utilize the players he has...can't complaining why Lin can't play like mj....
NewYorkSportsLife19::He didn't get that much minutes last night though. Why?
NewYorkSportsLife19::Oh alright
NguyenDragon::He was tired... It didn't look like he had that extra burst from the previous games...
NguyenDragon::Only when Lin plays aggressive by driving/dishing... His shooting still needs a lot of work...
leex5048::I'm a huge OKC fan and I remember last year after James Harden's poor finals play everybody was saying don't resign him or let him go and I said it was ONLY his 3rd year in the league. Then I said he was the 3rd best SG in the league and people started to laugh at me. Pfffh!
leex5048::Yeah I'm going to miss Harden...but OKC had to do what's best for them. That being sad no way I'm trading 2 1st rd picks Jeremy Lamb and Kevin Martin for him, but that's just me. I would have give them 1 first rd pick and Kmart
NguyenDragon::I think Lamb was the deal breaker... How is he doing anyways?
Dezagcoog::yeah...no need to justify it by thinking you easily got the better deal. We got a superstar in the making. You got a guy who can only shoot and a rookie. Lamb is nothing. If he develops into something you can claim him as a good thing but the guy has proven absolutely nothing. Please. Imagine this team with kmart and lamb instead of Harden. Heck yeah I would have done it again in a heartbeat. We're kicking $@%. super young and gonna be the future of the west at this point. Competing with you for the next few years. That would have easily not been the case without Harden.
Dezagcoog::Yeah he's doing really well. I hope his postseason woes are not normal. We're gonna need him if we get there.
NguyenDragon::Thanks for Harden... That guy sure can close games...
NewAges::Dezagcoog is the old Rockets fans.....or pretender at best.
Dezagcoog::yeah k....
NewAges::I always praise the Rockets first.
NewAges::When did I say Harden is a ballhog?
NewAges::I maybe said Rockets should play Lin as PG more and they did in recent success games. That meant I was right.
Dezagcoog::you never said that he was being a ballhog so that Lin wasn't getting the ball as much?
NewAges::Still better than Rockets fans but bash on their players....Your kind of fan Rockets do not need.....
Dezagcoog::Unlike how you've complained about Harden in the past saying he is a ballhog?
Dezagcoog::What player have I bashed??? please show me. I'd like to see a quote of me saying a bad thing about any of our players please.
Dezagcoog::NewAges is a whiny little Lin fan. Started watching bball less than a year ago when the new york media and ESPN created linsanity and knows nothing about basketball..  dude...only little kids who just started watching bball complain about the refs. It's old hat. It's always been this way and it always will be. Your team needs to be good enough that no matter what they can win. If not then too bad. Stop crying about it.
Dezagcoog::yeah only lowlifes have 2 seconds to press control c....LOLOL
NewYorkSportsLife19::I already explained what I was doing, im not gonna keep explaining the same thing because I dont care as much as you. You have the time to copy and paste bullsheyt becaudse your a fukken lowlife
Dezagcoog::that's creepy dude.
NewYorkSportsLife19::Goodbye Des, I would love to see who you really are because I know your kind from the way you act. Your the biggest joke lol. Can I see your facebook or something before I go? I just wanna get a good laugh. You have never gotten laid in your entire life, have you? have you? Your a fukken joke bro. Have fun on ESPN
Dezagcoog::Go enjoy the little relevance the Knicks have had since 1994 before it disappears again!
Dezagcoog::we're talking about the refs and you can't respond so you change it to about being owned and you say I need to "win this argument so bad?" LOL good joke dude!
NewYorkSportsLife19::Bro you wanna win this arguement so bad, don't you? You need to get a real life... You thought before that if a team gets owned by another team like the Rockets owning the Knicks, then that means every team the rockets lost to must be better than the Knicks. Your a jakass who knows nothing about basketball.
Dezagcoog::WHAT????? "we were up[ 10 and the refs litterally screwed us " thats called a complaint. OF THE REFS. LOLOL your crazy dude.
NewYorkSportsLife19::The point was the refs screw everybody. Its not a conspiracy, it's just the way it is and everyone Knows that except you. You didnt even know what being owned meant
NewYorkSportsLife19::Exactly so stop trying to flip peoples words on them. I know your kind, your a puny little wimp who never gets laid and has no friends so you sit on ESPN fdrom dusk to dawn. Get a life you little bicch, GET LAID
Dezagcoog::NewYorkSportsLife19 - You need to just shut up about that. We just loss to the Lakers yesterday and we were up[ 10 and the refs litterally screwed us but thats the way it is dude, your a Rockets fan how the fuq wouyld you know that anyway? you didnt watch the Knicks wolves game  no that's not a complaint...
NewYorkSportsLife19::New age is doing that, not me you JAKASS. I told him that that is the way it is, and that the refs just did it to us the other day in LA but there is nothing you can do about it, i was trying to make him feel better about the refs. I wasnt complaining. Get a life Deza, seriously what are you like 10 years old?
Dezagcoog::At least I'm not complaining about the refs....
NewYorkSportsLife19::Dude you are immature as hell and you're carrying on like a 5 year old
Dezagcoog::HAHAHA you gonna complain about the refs vs the lakers again? you got beat by the worst team since the 03 lakers...
NewYorkSportsLife19::So did you bro.
nbaespn45::One bad game and again some people think Lin is overrated or overpaid, really? I guess then all nba player are overpaid, since they all have bad game once in awhile. It was a back to back away game, every body looked bad last night for 3 quarters, and it was lucky that Harden was able to make shots in the 4th quarter. What important is the team is playing better, on a 5 game winning streak, Lin and Harden start to play well together. Don't think so? go to hoopsstat and check how Lin and Harden guard Combo statistics compare to other teams especially for the last 10 games. Grinding game is good to build characters anyway, and it'll help young team in the playoff if they make it. Stop the hate and these talks about Lin everytime the team lose a game people. Enjoy the win as a true fan and hope they make the playoff.
NewYorkSportsLife19::Besides Lin had nothing to do0 with that. We get owned by the Rockets EVERY SINGLE YEAR, look it up for yourself
NguyenDragon::Dezagcoog - I know since 1994...you remember that year? I sure do!  The good old days...
Dezagcoog::I know since 1994...you remember that year? I sure do!
NguyenDragon::Since Hakeem Olajuwon...
NewYorkSportsLife19::I dont think that... I just said it because I saw Rockets fan below bringing the Knicks into this and hating on the Knicks although we are 21-8 which is a pretty fine record if you ask me sir... But hey, Id rather be owned by the Rockets twice than owned by the Blazers twice bahahaha
Dezagcoog::oh ok....you didn't add stuff about the matchup between 2 teams afterwards??? and I'm the liar....
NewYorkSportsLife19::I didnt change shytr you filthy liar and why would I? I make perfect sense. Your not even explaining what you dont understand
NewYorkSportsLife19::Wtf? Owned means you lost to them every time you stupid fuq
Dezagcoog::LOL don't change your post dude
Dezagcoog::HAHAHAHA you're the one who said getting owned. now you say it doesn't mean anything? lolol make up your mind.
NewYorkSportsLife19::That isnt what that means moron, we own the Heat dont we? God your an idiot. Every matchup is different because every 2 teams match up differently. What did you just start watching basketball?
Dezagcoog::so you're owned by the rockets who got owned by the blazers LOLOL that means we both own you. that is the dumbest thing ever to say dude.
NewAges::Rockets ran on empty tank and still can beat the Wolves +refs at their home......
NewAges::Refs gave the Knicks free game vs the Wolves.....Knicks suk at the new low
Dezagcoog::so you're crying about the Refs too?? wahhhh wahhhhh
NewYorkSportsLife19::You need to just shut up about that. We just loss to the Lakers yesterday and we were up[ 10 and the refs litterally screwed us but thats the way it is dude, your a Rockets fan how the fuq wouyld you know that anyway? you didnt watch the Knicks wolves game
NewYorkSportsLife19::Lol yeah im sure dude, you idiots do this after every loss
Dezagcoog::yeah dude, stop crying about the refs.
NewYorkSportsLife19::Your not bad for a Rockets fan
NewYorkSportsLife19::The refs!! The refs!! the refs!!! Wahhhhhhhh!!!!! The Nba is rigged wahhhhh!!!
NewYorkSportsLife19::Lin sucks hahaaha
NguyenDragon::Give it a rest man...
NewYorkSportsLife19::And I meant here as in ESPN.COM
NewYorkSportsLife19::That isnt true and you know it sir... I barely even come here
NguyenDragon::NewYorkSportsLife19 - As if you knew me... I dont want no problems. I Just said it because yall were punking the Knicks if you scroll down  I don't know you but I see you enough after every game that Lin does bad...
Dezagcoog::No, the players punked the knicks in MSG
NewYorkSportsLife19::As if you knew me... I dont want no problems. I Just said it because yall were punking the Knicks if you scroll down
NewAges::Still beat the Knicks twice....lol
Dezagcoog::HAHAHAHAHAHA that's the dumbest thing you've efver said. IF we owned you and they owned us then we BOTH own you! LOLOLOL
Dezagcoog::yup that's the NBA for ya, we kick your $@%, and you try to deflect.
NewYorkSportsLife19::You guys got owned by the Blazers hahaha Id rather be owned by the rockets then the blazers you fool!!
NewYorkSportsLife19::Just like we beat many.. Thats the NBA for you
Dezagcoog::thanks!!! we love kicking some knicks $@% TWICE and in MSG
NewAges::21-8 in the east lost to many .500 teams from the west...lol
NewYorkSportsLife19::Knicks 21-8, Rockets are finally over .500... Congrats buddy
Destruct0id::Wolves suck, they had the refs helping them for most of the game and they couldn't win
NewAges::At the end the refs gave up on the Wolves
jmslivnik::Wolves should have took that game if it werent for a poor game between Pek and Love.  We did not deserve to win, but the officials did not help late.
Destruct0id::Lol you're kidding right? If it wasn't for the refs calling Houston for everything in the 1st and 2nd quarter- 12 fouls to 4, Minnesota wouldn't even be close
Dezagcoog::yeah totally a 12-4 foul deficit for us is totally consistent....LOLOL keep making excuses. We kicked your butt in a back to back and you hadn't played since sunday. WHO CARES what the refs did. If y'all were any good the game wouldn't have been close enough for the refs to, as you claim, give us the game.....
jmslivnik::I watched the entire game.  The game was called consistently until about the 8:00 mark of the 4th.  Then you could clearly see a change in the way the game was called.  Consistency is all fans ask for.  Neither team played well enough to deserve to win. But, it was another clear example of how the stars get the calls late in games.  Harden got the benefit of the doubt late, just as Melo did a few nights before.  And this happens all around the NBA
Dezagcoog::See how that works.
Dezagcoog::If you think the game was called fair during the first three quarters you're delusional and biased.
jmslivnik::It was tired legs.  Wolves were driving past them and they were called a lot.  That explains the difference in fouls.  If you think the game was called fair down the stretch, you are delusional and biased.  Just because there was a 12-4 difference early, does not mean the refs favored the wolves.  Rockets played the night before and got into MN late.  They had tired legs, and took them awhile to get going.  Numbers dont explain everything Mr. Analysis.
jmslivnik::This is the biggest joke I have ever heard!  The refs gave that game to the Rockets.  There were two calls down the stretch.  Pekovic and Barea on separate occasions that went up with TWO HANDS ON THE BALL, and the same official called a pushing off foul on each of them.  How can you push off when you have two hands on the ball?
Dezagcoog::WAHHHHH WAHHHHHH
jmslivnik::And then Harden goes up and clearly pushes off and that same official freezes the whistle.  The NBA is so rigged its a joke!
jmslivnik::These were HUGE calls.
Percy Starvin 12.::The Kevin Loveless Wolves nearly beat the Knicks at MSG (They would have won if the refs decided that the Knicks couldn't be called for a foul with less than 3 minutes left).  The Wolves with Kevin Love can't even score 90 points at home and get beat by the Rockets.  He completely marginalizes this team.  Pek is not as dominant with Love in the lineup,  AK is not as effective, and (even though he scored 16 last night)  Shved is not as efficient or effective.  Derrick Williams is beginning to show that he is a much better team player than Love, and gives the Wolves the best chance to win.
Dezagcoog::so....before the game it was Well Love is in now. We had been losing cause he was out. Now it's Love caused us to lose. WE DESTROYED the Knicks at home. IF you couldn't beat them without  Love and you couldn't beat us with Love how is it his fault? With Love you probably would have beat the knicks. And no matter what you would not have beat us. We destroyed them.
Lorenzomax7::Pek is ill thou...
bradwinsall::I agree, what to do tho?
ImAWitness06::Twolves win if they drafted Curry
Dezagcoog::Rockets would have beat you by 100 if we cloned MJ and Dr. J and Magic so they would all be 23 right now and playing together.   See I can also say things that are of no consequence.
ImAWitness06::What an idiot. They could have drafted Curry so that is actually plausible and is playing at a high level right now.
bradwinsall::I was critical of KLove a few weeks ago after he made the comments about the organization again and caught a lot of flack on the forums about how everyone has off nights and hes still hurt and I backed off because I was over reacting. But he really looks like s.h.i.t and so does this team lately. Extremely average and underachieving.
NewAges::The Wolves only get 30% performance from unhappy KLove. Trade him, you get more performance from other player.
LondonTheophilus20::i believe klove wants to join the rockets
Dezagcoog::he seems to have an attitude probelm, no thanks.
TippinOn84s::i bet he does no one wants to play for the twolves
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::funny noone was saying t-wolves sucked until they lost last night.  rockets stepped up and t wolves just got caught up in rockets explosion!  especially at the end!
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::Trade you patrick Patterson for K love and throw in Royce White
NguyenDragon::We need to see more Greg Smith...
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::He will in Rockets offense especially with Lin learning the point position the right way in Houston!
SEC University is my favorite team::Love sucked it up in that one
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::yes, I have noticed people at work just dont like to be there so they dont work hard or hardly at all!
Dezagcoog::that was his point. you said it doesn't matter they pay you so you go to work. He was simply saying what you just said....
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::yeah and so did Rockets streaky shooters..it was fair and square business and rockets got the money ball!
NguyenDragon::An unhappy player tend to do that...
NguyenDragon::Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers - all excuses.. you play for the team that pays you.. just like when you and I go to work..  Have you noticed dropping in productions from unhappy coworkers?  I am just saying man... Unhappiness messes with the head...
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::all excuses.. you play for the team that pays you.. just like when you and I go to work..
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::T pups are officially down pegged and rockets took their spot!! wow  its been too long since rockets eclipsed wolves since last three matchups against these teams has been a t-pup win.. wow how times have changed and kevin mchale is on the right side of the fight this time!
NewAges::Trade K Love to the Rockets..........seems like he does not want to play for the Wolves any more
Dezagcoog::No thanks! we don't need someone with an attitude problem. She-mac was enough for me.
NguyenDragon::Nothing good comes out of an unhappy player... We traded Lowry for that reason...
NewAges::Rocket ran out of first draft picks?
NguyenDragon::I think so...
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::Royce white for Kevin Love right now!
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::ROCKETS RULE!!
