pooh bear v::Magic suck
pooh bear v::Suns suck
Island In The Sky::Aww, Suns - I really thought you were going to win this! :(
NattyB32581::good for davis and the magic
Rickster7218::It still kills me to see JJ Redick playing in the NBA and GMac from Syracuse as and asst coach...I still can't believe this guy is playing....
BudokaiJones::Clearly you're for a league that is devoid of talent then. JJ can play, or maybe you haven't been watching the past couple of years. Maybe you should try the NBADL, might be more your speed.
NJGiant999::And I'm still waiting for Harkless to play.   I think he may be the best out of the bunch.
TARHEEL064::WTF Kendall!!!  You logged only one minute in this game!!!!  Keep this up, and you're d-league bound!!!
theblackbat::That's actually pretty consistent with what he did in the preseason...Dragic and Telfair dominated the minutes then, too. Wouldn't surprise me at all of Marshall went to the D-League, just so he can get playing time and work on his shot and his defense.
Magic are better than you::Magic don't even get a mention in the daily dime...  SMH
Mizzle85::Well do the damn thing Magic! I'm a Bobcat's fan, but I hate how Howard did you guys. I hope yall bust a** all year except for when yall play us of course.
nba is the worst::So was it a pep talk at halftime that turned it around?  Suns looked like they would cruise when I switched to football - and then a 40-pt Magic double-up 3rd Q - wtf?
phxstar20::They cut down them  lucky nets do the magic always do that when there getting beat?
nba is the worst::That was weird, no doubt.  Did you watch?  Did the Suns just not even try to defend in the 3rd?
geroldpitts::Forget about next year I told yall from day 1 I believe the magic are good enough for the 8th seed in the playoff spot and they are showing it. Forget the draft Magic will make a statement this year and make the playoffs. I like being under the rader.
geroldpitts::Miami!!!!
geroldpitts::Why would anybody want a losing season and sorry but top draft picks aren't a sure thing anymore. The reason for us to go to the playoffs is because at the end of the season some big free agents might be thinking about going there. If we have a losing season then top free agents wouldn't want to come to Orlando and I can't blame them. Yes we will get beat in the first round but we all know who is going to win it in the east.
phxstar20::WHY would u want your team as the 8th seed in the East? u wanna see a sweep by heat/bos next 5 yrs jus keep suckin-g like the magic do get draft picks fancy up a max player with a  young top 10
Reds30417::I've seen a few people post about it, but I think acquiring former first round draft pick JaJuan Johnson would be a great pickup for the Magic. He was E'Twaun's college teammate at Purdue, and both of them really didn't get a chance to perfom with Boston. In one game (that was actually meaningful) against Chicago, he scored 12 points on 6-13 shooting with 4 rebounds and a block.   I'm just a Purdue fan wanting to see them play together again, but it could be worth trying in the future.
RayNy2ATL::i said it before the season started and still belive the Magic are a better team without Howard.
wilcox1232::Redick and anderson V  from cleveland could both be really big swing players for the title if they get moved to a contender at the trade deadline. I'd be targeting both of them to
Beast_Mode_::Anyone who encourages tanking, while belittling a team's winning efforts needs to get their head checked. Ridiculous.
Antsea91::Awful for the magic. You guys want to be losing these games, not winning them. Want as high as a lottery pick you can get...
Virgomused::We have 8promising rookies or 2nd year players with very small contracts. Harkless, Nicholson, Moore, vucevic, jones, ayon, o'quin. In the next three years these guys will become studs and we will have enough $ to get mad at least three FAs. Great FAs + young athletic core and a solid bench= elite in 2 or three years. Regardless of what picks we get this year.
dwight howards free throw academy::When Orlando has millions in cap space and is still an 8 seed that will no doubt attract more big free agents then being in last place with lots of money and some rookie that will probably be a bust
SteveUCF1::Screw lottery picks.  The Magic are more focused on winning now and creating cap space for the future.  No kid coming out of college is a sure thing.
bjoellevine::"Hey, Magic...you're screwing up my strategy for next year's draft." - Rob Hennigan
TheCronoMasterMind::Funny how the Lakers are still getting headlines over any other team in the league. Probably the most hyped 1-3 team in history. Meanwhile, the Magic are a quiet 2-0 at the moment. I'm actually assuming we will lose against the either the Bulls or the Wolves, but if the Magic someone beat both, you still probably won't hear much about them on ESPN because everyone picked them to be the worst in the league.
MagicBoltzRays::I wonder everyday why idiots like JA Adande, Chris Broussard, Jon Barry, Jeff Van Gundy, and John Hollinger have jobs.
Antsea91::JVG? Gtfo that guy is a boss
kiss_thee_ring::BLOWN OUT BY THE MAGIC SUNS STILL PLAY DEFENSE LIKE D ANTONI IS COACHNG I SEE
sgates1967::I started betting a system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made around 3K a month for 3 consecutive months now using this system. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching the words Sports Betting System.
iv3rson003::Wow, this is the type of basketball I love to watch. Go Magic, keep it up! I hope this feeling lasts forever...
Magic are better than you::Hey bro you should probably change your pic since that loser isn't playing here anymore
CandySparker::How many JJs are playing in NBA?
MagicBoltzRays::at least 2. probably more.
CLIPSCHAMPS2013::D. Howard who? Good win Magic
jjfurr29::I was reading the thing about "letting JJ know if they were gonna trade him" and I'm thinking.. Hey, you just went through a year with a player who was unloyal and didn't know what he wanted and didn't care to be in orlando, and now when you have JJ playing at a high level who btw has said he'd wanna play out his career in Orlando and is the definition of hard work, yet you'd trade that?
bjoellevine::You'll notice they had Afflalo and Redick on the floor together a lot, and it worked pretty well.  I can't see them trading JJ.
dwight howards free throw academy::they will trade him.  he will get paid in free agency so its better to get some big men for him at the deadline.
asdbluecfl::They wont trade him. If Henni kept Jameer, he'll keep JJ.
oliver 32::jj deserves to start. the magic have let a good player go to waste by sitting him so much thus far in his career and now its time to finally give him his chance in the starting rotation
MagicBoltzRays::no. keep him on the bench. he is excelling in that role.
Judy3653::Orlando your purpose in the NBA is to draft centers for us - Los Angeles Lakers
grungewasfun::i WANNA THANK jLIN FOR TEACHING ME THE MEANING OF (TEAM )BASKETBALL.....   WHO KNEW PASSING THE BALL NOW AND THEN WOULD BE SO GRATIFYING!!!!!!!......  I CERTAINLY DIDN'T BEFORE....JOM BOEHEIM NEVER TEACH ME HOW TO PASS THE BALL IN CIRCLE....HUH......I NEVER KNEW THAT CONCEPT....  - ISO MELO...
TBbucmagicORL::Great wins at home, lets see how we pull it out o the road these next couple of games.
ChuckOlajuwon::Lol, Magic 2-0 without Dwight, Lakers 1-3 with him.  Even though he was the lone good spot on the Lakers.
Td4mvp3::"man okc sucks"       - Spurs
MagicBoltzRays::first non-sell out since like 2008.
asdbluecfl::Yup. Sad.
Drewski756::It is gonna be a LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONG season- Suns fans
Je5teR777::Truth be told, it is in the Suns best interest to lose this season. Need a high lotto pick to add to a decent core of players.
Nash_Owns_LA::Gonna be a loooooooooong season Suns fans
Honey_Badger_Dont_Care::Dwight who?
coltsfan737::they left magic
adphill2::Orlando looks might dangerous early... Lets see if hennigan likes what he sees or we start seeing more injuries wink wink
Trevor71293::3'twaun Moore is a stud
Rik1822::You will love that guy, he's a hard worker who goes to work on the court... even if he doesn't look like a player on paper.  I got the pleasure of watching him 4 years in college, and he didn't backslide once... constant improver.
csmeech::That was an awesome game!  Wow.  It was like a college game.  A lot of energy.  Absolutely crazy.  Most fun I've had watching an NBA regular season game in a long time.  This young team is wacked. Congrats Orlando!
zzn13::Magic sans Dwight: 2-0. Lakers with Dwight: 0-3  :D
enarhi::Redick for 6th man of the year
ssj2gokuvsgallade::It could be E'Twaun Moore when Jameer get's healthy.
Magic are better than you::I think he will probably have a real shot at it
ssj2gokuvsgallade::Anyone know what our Entrance video at the beginning of the game is? I've been looking for it forever.
ssj2gokuvsgallade::We want Moore!
kb24allday53::Magic know this years rookies (Shabazz Muhammed and nerlens noel) are not that great. theyre gonna tank next year for Jabari Parker or Andrew Harisson.
MRArtman2u::why would they tank next year when they will be a solid playoff team?
jjfurr29::Honesty everything I hear bout Jabari leads me to think he'd stay at Duke for more than a year
ThomasLinder::andrew wiggins blows all them fools away
Reds30417::E'Twaun Moore baby!
tgetreu::Sign Jajuan Orlando!!!
richarje7188::mvp!!
nba is the worst::Wow - what a 3rd quarter!
Trev28nba::Good win for Orlando. They have hard workers and I wouldn't be surprised if they were around .500 towards the end of the season.
TampaBayVol::BUCS and MAGIC win!!!!!
onlyavoice57::Said it For Years, Gentry Can't Coach, It Was ALL NASH. Gentry Will Be Fired This Season!!!
Sports follower::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
asdbluecfl::Its spam.
trustdestruction::Would you rather LeBron have 2 rings since the suns would have lost the finals?
Fadame14::No one gives a sh!t, Casper
Kinga1024::suns wouldnt have won the finals anyhow
thebingaman::LOL.  That is the dumbest thing I've read all day.  Thanks for that.
_I Am A Celtic_::woooo-saaaaahhh
_I Am A Celtic_::<b>J.J. MOTHA-F'IN REDICK!</b>
Rolltide4203::big baby played awful. redick was 9-14,  baby 9-22
supe540::Big Baby mvp of the game however.
_I Am A Celtic_::Really?  That's awesome.  I figured once he got his head on straight and was no longer around KG, his game would really evolve
plummer047::Question Suns fans.... Why sign Scola? He's good but at this point he's just blocking markieff's potential imo. Is this a common question in Suns land?
scoot_swanson::It's Phoenix. Championship team building isn't really a priority there.
Telkalynn3013::Anybody remember the Heart and Hustle team of the 90's?  Meet Heart and Hustle II.  Not one "star" just a bunch of role players playing their a@&amp;@$ off for their coach.
