dwight228::Why was Haywood not fined or suspended for the hit on gasol? If Bynum had hit Dirk he would have been banned from the league.
DACZYZUATION::why would they sit Vince Carter with 4 minutues left with the lead.. Then they blow the lead and decide to put him in with a minute left down by 7???? i dont get it. Bad coaching. I swear i dont understand Rick's coaching decisions sometimes.  I wish i did.
ZachC1965::Funny to see the league and the refs scrambling to make sure the Lakers make the playoffs this year...  31 FTs last night to 15 for Dallas...yet L.A..'s doing most of the fouling? Funny how that works....  Take the ref support away and put them on an even surface? This is a 13-20 team, tops...
elibird123::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hfYJsQAhl0&amp;feature=player_embedded
LeadZepo::So the league didn't find Haywood's foul on Pau a non-flagrant
hooplaloui::flagrant elbow to the head, and then you see him mouthing to the ref's, I was going for the ball, give me a break
69Lakers2012::and that was elbow to the face...!!!
walnutkid07::You could see that added confidence to Pau's game last night. Team meeting was the way to go!
rag63top::Does Kobe truly not care about winning or losing but only how well his stat line is????? Don't get me wrong, this was a win, but not for any help from Kobe.
ZachC1965::He's really stinking it up badly...  4 for 15 with 7 turnovers..? a drunken Luke Walton could put those numbers up...
sutherlacd27::are you kidding me?  did you not watch him give up the ball 2 times at the end to hit his bigs???
69Lakers2012::hes the only one who wants to win...more than enybody in that team&gt;&gt;!!!
69Lakers2012::come on,... anybody can have a bad game hes only human.... we got a win and thats it&gt;
hooplaloui::Thats ehat I am talking about, sorry I am a bird hunter, thus fowl
hooplaloui::Are the NBA offices asleep.  Last nights LA vs Dallas there was one of the most vicious fowls I have seen and I have not heard anything about it.
69Lakers2012::yeah just like the foul on gasol.....
69Lakers2012::you know thtas true......!!!
i_raped_a_white_colorado_girl_and_i_liked_it::Kobe Bryant is the biggest ball hog since George Mikan
elibird123::O.G. Ball Hog MJ  Career FGA's per game averages: MJ - 22.9  LBJ - 20.6  Kobe - 19.4
ZachC1965::Kobe's almost the most overrated player in league history. It's not even close.
rex_coach::I see you like to keep that SO-CALLED rape a live.  Let's talk about Emmett Tills lynching...  &lt;---  This actaully happened, and it wasn't HER word against HIS type of deal...
rex_coach::Is there a such thing as "DELUSIONAL HATE?"
elibird123::That's their biggest problem. They're so biased with jealousy &amp; hate, they cannot see the truth.
barrabrava::If Kobe asked you to go down on him I bet you would...
69Lakers2012::you people...just leave kobe alone bounch haters!!!!!
Arthur24720::It isn't all about the numbers. Kobe had a bad shooting night but he demands so much attention that it leaves his teammates open for shots. Obviously, the haters choose not to see that.
69Lakers2012::people will always hate!!!!
jnegrete123::Kobe will always be the 4th best Laker
rex_coach::so YOU say!
Arthur24720::Another hater!!! lol
barrabrava::He demands attention because his ego needs it...
jnegrete123::Die hard Laker fan from Chicago(yes despised Jordan) but Kobe was plain awful. LA's up 14 with him on the bench and everything changes once he re-enters the game. If you're having a bad shooting game-don't shoot. Just get it to your bigs......He needs to watch how Magic started everything with Kareem. Countless turnovers/ badly missed shots/missed free throws but worst of all disruption of the offense...  People I know will laugh but get rid of this guy. He has 2 yrs tops and if you can get some youth with talent go for it. I used to enjoy when I would watch Jordan's lame days with the Wizards and Kobe is just about at that mark.
Arthur24720::He is averaging 5 assist per game.
Mazyck2003::Let's see...Kobe averages more assist on his team, has led te Lakers in assist for 10 years.  Only Magic has better numbers, but Magic was a true PG and not a scorer.  Yet some people think he is selfish...Let's see Kobe's career average is 19 SPG. Jordan is 24 SPG, yet Kobe is the ball hog, go figure.
barrabrava::First...Lakers fan from Chicago? That is sad...like a Cowboys fan from Washington, DC. Your words lost value after that statement.  Second...you are correct. Kobe is over-rated. First three championships were about Shaq with Horry hittting the big late baskets. The 4th Kobe got because Garnett got hurt or the Celts win. The 5th? Well, he can thanks Artest and the referees for that one (worst officiated Finals game I've ever seen)...remember...Kobe tossed up an air ball at the end of the game.   Kobe isn't as good as you all think he is. Lots of NBAers could average 30 if they never passed the ball. His massive ego makes him out to be more than he is...and all of you buy it.
Laker Fan 17::I am from CT. Born in WI.
elibird123::Never pass the ball? You're just dumb or ignorant. Or you know that's a flat out lie you're just trying to put out there.
World Champs t y Dirk::(worst officiated Finals game I've ever seen)...Correction sir.  The 2006 Finals when fans would break wind and  Wade would get to go to the line.  By far the worst called series ever.   btw I hate Stern  and ESPN sucks
jnegrete123::Even Magic(you know who this is?)and others former players speak out that Kobe doesn't utilize Bynum or Gasol. He just continues to put up some crazy shots.   Thanks for calling me a tool- you have impressive writing skills
Mazyck2003::I did not say, not to use Pau or Bynum more...so I see reading is not your best skill.  I did use Magic in my rebuttal, but comprehension must not be your best skill either.
Mazyck2003::What a tool, Jordan didn't led the NBA then in scoring as Kobe is now.   Kobe is not the problem, and if you think that then you must not watch as much basketball as you pretend or think you do.  He has had bad games, but that's expected, age, minutes played, and injuires.   However, Kobe is playing with the NBA worst bench! The NBA worst PG! and MWP is ranked 195th of defensive competence.    Kobe shot 50% from the floor the other so what does that say?  Dirk shot 22 times last night to Kobes 15, so maybe Dirk should have passed the ball more?     You minions are pathetic, you comment on stuff when its suits your hate and vilification of Kobe.   And if you hadn't notice meat head Kobes is not Magic, he's not a PG.  Magic was never the goto guy, to your point he would pass the ball to Kareem, the teams first option; 2nd option was Worthy.  Kobe is the first option, and there's no one on that team more consistent at thier position than him.  But only children see the ball rolling across the street, and not the cars.
phx090::D A M N jnegrete123, U just got S H I T on.
dreverybody::Apparently Kobe spent some time in Italy during the strike. Maybe the new movie will inspire the team: http://cosbysweaters.com/2012/02/23/kobe-bryant-makes-his-italian-film-debut-video/
Mazyck2003::Kobe, Kobe, Kobe, how art thou Kobe... you bring out the best in Haters and fakers.  The Lakers won last night in which you didn't shoot well, so tey give credit to others because of the win, but when te entire team depends on you, especially on nights wher you get ZERO points out your PG play, you still get no credit for winning the games.  The Lakers Bigs are averaging as many shots as Howard, and he's their goto guy, yet some would think you shoot to much, not reallizing others are not capable of sustaining your level of output, but only wish they can.  You play with the worst bench in the NBA, therefore your minutes and shots are up, but people still want to call you out for your play, even though you lead the team in assist.  People vilify you for shooting 1 - 7 in a qurater, but forget you shot 9-12 in the 3rd to bring your team back a few games ago.   Fans are fickled yet, they come to these blogs day in and day out to voice their hate for you, yet they call you the cry baby, yet they aren't getting paid, imagine that.  They contest every aspect of your game, even when past and present elite GM's, and HOF players can't believe you are still playing at this level, given all the injuries you have had over your career.   People the Lakers have the wrong pieces. Thay have a bad bench, worst. They have the worst PG in the NBA. They get no points from the SF position 90% of the time, and still Kobe is the problem.  Kobe speak up for his teammate, they call you a crybaby, Magic has come out and say you should go over Mitch head striaght to Jim Buss, but Kobe did the unthinkable, he question management and players should not do that.
scottpilgrim36::"Lakers won because of my 4-15 shooting and my 7 turnovers"  Kobe Bryant
elibird123::The Lakers won despite the fact he had an off night and could not do the heave lifting. It's good to see his teammates stepping up for a change.  He had a bad game, what's your point?
dcjr7921::"If I wasn't 9-22 &amp; 1-6 from 3, we might've won."  Dirk
dcjr7921::"If I wasn't 9-22 &amp; 1-6 from 3, we might've won."  Dirk
Mazyck2003::Kobe shot 50% the other night for the win. Stop hating.  Its really not good for you.
BlazersWar::9-22 would be the most efficient game Kobe could ever imagine
inglewood247::-I say mitch won't pull the trigger on trading Gasol if his return is not as great as the player he is releasing. I find more and more rumors but in the end we still keep him and wait it out for either waived or released players to help out the bench.   -i see Gilbert headed to the lakers just to help on the PG side; not that blake isn't getting into a funk but fisher has been sitting on the bench at the end of most games due to his lack of execute in crucial times.
lopezrome1982::they should have the larry o brian trophy patch on the jerseys all season long so new fans around the world can see and say those are the champs (marketing ploy)
winters999::Wasn't Kobe supposed to never win a title without shaq?
johndaker55::J. Kidd should retire too btw. I thought he hurt them a lot even last year during their championship run... they got killed when he was out there. Jason Terry was a beast last night though.
Saints8365::At the end of the day Kobe will be Remebered as the most Dominant guard of this decade.
barrabrava::Most dominant ego of this decade.
elibird123::He said Kobe, chump!, not LeBron!
aliens are coming 2012::no one even comes close
scottpilgrim36::"so if your losing here's what I'll do. I'll take care of you" The Refs to the Lakers  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0cTPISDDGI
scottpilgrim36::31-16 free throws favoring lakers is fair?? Yea ok. so if this was the other way around would it still be fair?? Jack...$@%
aliens are coming 2012::brilliant! but trolls can't comprehend common sense
davethewave91::I'm sure you were whining in the playoffs last year when the 3 point shooting Mavs outshot the Lakers at the line 29-14 in Game 3, right?  I mean the Lakers pound the ball inside while the Mavs shot almost half their shots behind the arc and somehow Dallas gets twice as many foul shots as LA?  LA should usually shoot more FT than DAL in a head-to-head matchup.  As a Mavs fan, you should be used to seeing your team not shoot a ton of FTs.  No offense cause DAL is a fine team, but they are a jump shooting team.  Jump shooting teams don't get fouled nearly as much as teams that pound the ball inside.  It's really common sense.  And let's not forget that at least 10 of the Lakers FT last night were on intentional fouls.  Subtract intentional fouls out and the FT disparity is very minor.  The worst call of the night went Dallas' favor.  The foul on Gasol was an obvious flagrant and I'm pretty sure the league will agree and fine Haywood.  Think before you post.
aliens are coming 2012::hold on, let me call the waaambulance
aliens are coming 2012::the refs definitely helped the lakers when that punk haywood almost knocked gasol's head off. it looks like you're still bitter the lakers won the game fairly.
rex_coach::please don't ever go away, I can't make this ish up...
boom.shaka::WAH!!!!!
rex_coach::Maybe when Kobe retires, these dumb a**es will go away...  I find it hard to believe that people this STUPID really exist...
inglewood247::wassup rex in effect....
winters999::Coach be realistic.  These idiots will ALWAYS exist.
rex_coach::Wishful thinking, right?  How are things?
boom.shaka::Half of em will be gushing about how great he was and how current players don't compare to him....
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Kobe's so called "clutch gene" and "closing ability" were on full display last night.
rex_coach::Continue to dispute MJ's comments.  I believe he knows better than you... lol  Man it must suck to be you...!
boom.shaka::There ain't no "clutch gene" son....
ZachC1965::It's amazing how Kobe has gone from an early MVP candidate to being a detriment to the team every other game...  4 for 15 with 7 turnovers is just plain sorry...and he's having a lot of games like that...
aliens are coming 2012::it's amazing that you trolls still can't grasp the concept that kobe is playing both facilitator and shooting guard at the same time, which means he has the ball in his hands the majority of the time. did you see the amazing passes he made to bynum and gasol in the final minutes? of course not, because you trolls only focus on hating kobe, and being selective and subjective.
scottpilgrim36::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0cTPISDDGI       o look it's the song the refs were singing to the lakers last night  "so if your losing, here's what i'll do. I'll take care of you"
Saints8365::Oh yea refs always cheat for us. Thats why we won last year. Oh wait.
tbIce33::Laker haters are scared. Even though people say we are struggling, we are still right there at the top of the west with a new coach and trade distractions. dallas fans think that 1 ring makes them the best franchise ever. 1 is a fluke. defend the title before you guys start talking sh*t
inglewood247::-INGLE...IN...DA.....WOODS!!   -Ok....this is a first hand look that the lakers need to get or improve in the PG position with somebody that can average 10-15 pts a game. If you saw last nite if our bigs (minus fatigue) play at a high level with good outside shooters or an aggressive play making PG we will or can be the best in the league.  Fisher, whether you liked it or not scored a season high 15 pts that was very important and our defense was very much in effect beside some minor miscommunication at the end -You get a double dose if you keep Bynum and Gasol with a PG that can create (like a Lin) then you open the lane or your big guys to get better shots or open shots for you spot shooters. Then,we have our role players come in for down time and rest our starters as long as the game is in reach. I don't think the Lakers need to make a "major" move just get a player make PG then work him in the system you will be fine in the west. Miami is more athletic then we are but you have to play the Heat in a half court game; stop them from running.
Saints8365::Hopefully we can Outsmart and play fundemental basketball with the Heat to win
RCNBA::Mavs fan here but I have to give props to the Lakers big men bc they won that game. Dallas still had a chance but went cold in the 4th. As long as Mavs make playoffs they will be ok against any team in a 7 game series
scottpilgrim36::Because we didn't have Odom and West and Roddy B. If anything else Odom could have at least put 10 pts up and played good defense. Delonte and Roddy can help generate offense and give Kidd some rest. It's hard when you only have 1 point guard at this point in time
scottpilgrim36::Laker fans are acting like the Mavs can't beat them in the playoffs twice in a row. Did we forget the 06 and 07 Suns all the sudden??
scottpilgrim36::exactly
boom.shaka::What's that?  A different team beat the Lakers six years ago?  That's good enough for me.
scottpilgrim36::Another thing for you. Where's Phil Jackson gonna be in the playoffs? He won't be there to save you. And givin Mike Brown's track record he won't save you either
scottpilgrim36::why don't you take a big glass of shut up
tyronn lue::phil jackson is the reason the MAVS swept last year anyway. he sat kobe the first 6+ minutes of every 2nd and 4th quarters regardless of the score and every game they fell behind substantially, they lost. regular season and playoffs. look it up or watch the tape...
rex_coach::LMAO
rex_coach::that's what I thought.  Clown only care to engage in their agenda... lol
Saints8365::Neither will Tyson Chandler be there for you my friend.
tbIce33::why don't you be the first person to reply to your own post again
rex_coach::You really don't want to dwell in the past do you?  REALLY?
johndaker55::Coming from a Lakers fan thats hilarious
tbIce33::Here's a fun fact. Kobe is the only player comparable to MJ.
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::And Bird said that LeBron was the best in the game right now. Either opinion I could care less about. Both are involved in personnel decisions and are talking about players that are not involved in their franchises. Never heard Magic say that Kobe was the best Laker ever. Because it's established that he is.
Saints8365::NO!
johndaker55::when did he say this and to whom?
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::2 ballhogs that cheated on their wives? I'm not a huge fan of the shoe salesman, but he's better than Kobe. There are one or 2 things Kobe can do better, but the other things Jordan was much better.
tyronn lue::yeah, micheal. magic is better than both...
tbIce33::MICHAEL JORDAN just said that ONLY KOBE deserves comparisons to him
johndaker55::Yes they both played in the NBA and both shot a lot. That's pretty much where the comparison ends.
scottpilgrim36::Magic Johnson?? I know your not talking bout big mike jordan
scottpilgrim36::Heres a fun fact though. Shawn Marion 3-0 in playoff series vs Kobe
lehmanator123::The lakers just need a decent pg, they dont need a superstar. Fish would be great coming off the bench in my mind. The problem is who are the lakers going to trade if they won't trade Gasol or bynum. They really dont have anybody else I would want as a GM.
scottpilgrim36::You can get the point guard you keep begging for in Williams. Otherwise D Will will just make his way to Dallas. Along with possibility Dwight Howard if possible
boom.shaka::Why would NJ trade Williams for Kobe?
scottpilgrim36::You know he's gonna retire soon. Why not trade him for something worth it while you can before something happens? Like the packers did with Favre before he started the never gonna retire business
Knobstock Man::Kobe in a Lakers uniform is an icon, like Babe Ruth in pinstripes or MJ in Bulls red. If he gets traded, it will be at the very last few months of his career, and I imagine it would be to Philly, where he grew up. It would be a ceremonial trade, really, just to let him have one last tour of the NBA cities and take a bow.
boom.shaka::Because they won't get "something worth it" for him.
tyronn lue::thanks for the advice MAVS fan. however, even if you ever made a good point kobe has a no trade clause. so he can't be traded unless he agrees to it or his contract runs out. of course you already knew that...
scottpilgrim36::Trade Kobe. you'll be better off. go start your new era or you'll revisit the 70s version of the Lakers
boom.shaka::Yep, all they have to do is convince him to waive his no-trade clause and then watch as teams line up to take on an aging star and his $30m salary.
Knobstock Man::It's games like this that underscore the fact that Gasol is the consumate professional and the perfect big man. He plays defense, grabs rebounds, shoots inside, shoots outside, dishes off assists, and does it all unselfishly.   Think about it: A few years back he was traded to the Lakers mid-season, asked to learn the triangle overnight, play center (he's a forward) and co-exist with a ballhog (sorry Kobe, but sometimes you do) and make it to the NBA Finals. This year he's playing under a cloud and doing a wonderful job when so many other ballplayers would go into a funk and lay down. Whatever team he's on -- I hope he stays with my team, LA -- he's a treasure.
johndaker55::Gasol is a skinnier dude with not a lot of athleticism. He's not going to be able to bang with the thicker guys that play PF/C, it's just not physically possible.
tyronn lue::gasol's just as big if not bigger than most starting centers in the league.  FACT
tyronn lue::he's a center. just like tim duncan is. if you're 7 foot and you operate predominantly out of the post with your back to the basket, but don't want to bang with other 7 footers defensively... it does not make you a PF. it might make you soft. you might be fortunate to have other 7 footers on the team. you might even concede the post touches to another 7 footer just so you don't have to bang. but you're still a center playing out of position at PF. let's call it like it is for once...
tyronn lue::yeah, now that he's playing for the lakers with bynum. what did he play in memphis? point is if you're going to occupy that spot on offense, or are better suited to occupy the spot but bynum shoves you out, why is it good enough on offense, but not defense? let me abuse smaller guys on offfense and never have to bang with guys my own size on defense...
Knobstock Man::I guess we're going to have to disagree on this one. Gasol is not a banger. He posts up mostly when Bynum is off the floor. His game is tip-ins and seven-to-ten-foot jumpers. He feints, drives and dishes, and that's not muscle. He's just a different sort of athlete than a Tim Duncan or Andrew Bynum. You gotta give him credit for not trying to be something he isn't.
rex_coach::I agree.  KB24 does tend to take some bad shots from time to time.  However, who many call the greatest of all time used to jack it up like he was trying to put out a fire at the rim...  I guess that comes with being great...
boom.shaka::I like, "he doesn't even let the ground touch the ball" better.
Knobstock Man::Gotta dust out the old one-liner:  Kobe was suffering from a severe kidney stone during a recent game, but it occurred in the fourth quarter so he refused to pass it.
rex_coach::The Lakers are short a legit PG away from being serious...  All of this other crap these clowns are talking about is 100% fear!
Knobstock Man::The truth is if they had any sort of bench support (eg, Odom) they'd be in the conversation for the best team in the NBA right now.
SeaDog73::I don't think I'd say they need more "speed" in the backcourt, but they do need someone who can create his own shot from time to time or can get one for someone else, whether it's a drive and kick or keeping a defender from doubling off of him.   I think Gilbert Arenas would be worth a try for the Lakers at this point, even though I can't stand the guy.   Not a lot of risk if he doesn't help them.
Knobstock Man::True to some extent, but Mike Brown likes a slow, methodical offense. That's him. If they had speed, it probably wouldn't be exploited.
boom.shaka::But they'd still lack backcourt speed....
boom.shaka::But seriously....the playoffs are all about match ups, and, right now, the Lakers don't match up well with OKC, SA or the Clippers.  Portland should be a tough matchup, but nobody knows what the heck is wrong with that team.  Dallas is a tough one -- their depth advantage is mitigated a bit by shortened playoff benches and they lost their advantage at PG.  It all comes down to Terry -- when he's on, the Lakers have no answer for him.
tyronn lue::SA, really... is tony parker going to play all 5 positions too, or is magic johnson coming out of retirement for them?
boom.shaka::Not too dim to have missed the Spurs' winning streak (over some really good teams at that).
tyronn lue::wow, you are dim...
boom.shaka::Why would Magic come out of retirement for SA?
Saints8365::The Clippers aren't that much of a threat. Like OKC or SA
boom.shaka::To win a title?  No.  To beat the Lakers in 7?  I wouldn't put money on either team.
rex_coach::Render to SPIN doctors...
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Looks like the same as last year. They can't beat Dallas 4 out of 7. NO WAY Kobe plays that passive if they see each other in the playoffs again.
Knobstock Man::Posts like this crack me up. Anyone who pays attention knows that in the NBA any team can get hot and beat anyone else. Last year, Dallas didn't beat the Lakers; Nowitzki did. He got hot at the right time and single-handedly out played LA. So that knife has two sharp edges, and the Mavericks can be victimized just as easily.   Anyone who thinks they're a certainty to beat Los Angeles is talking foolishness. Likewise, the Lakers are hardly a lock to beat Dallas, either.
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Dallas as a team beat LA. Chandler's D, Dirk killing Pau, JJ Barrea, Marion and Kidd on Kobe, Terry's energy off the bench. It was a team effort Brah. Yeah DIrk was hot and destroyed 4 of the top 5 power forwards on his title run, but the whole team played lights out.
rackem_smackemm::dallas got hot at the right time last year let's see if lightning strikes twice heywood can't even come close to dealing with the laker bigs like chandler did
tyronn lue::so you think kobe has to play passive in order for the lakers to beat the mavs, MJ (2000-2002)? im sure that's the laker's and mike brown's strategy...
tyronn lue::the big men have to step up is a given. but kobe scaling back to the point of being passive is a recipe for disaster. the problem is, if you watch the lakers, kobe often has to take over because team ball becomes all the wrong guys launching shots. the bigs fail to take over and pass out of the post when they have a clear advantage and kobe has to come in and save the day. an ideal balance would be kobe 25, bynum 20, gasol 18. however, that's easier said than done...
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::He has to use his big men. They are to me the best 1-2-3 punch in the game. Yes better than LeBron and company. Gasoft and Bynum can't be stopped and Kobe can hit anywhere on the floor. But when Kobe gets into his moods, it takes away from the team. Yeah the bench sucks, but they should be blowing teams out by the time they have to go to the bench. But at the same time, Pau has to attack the basket more. He starts shooting the jumper against power forwards he should be attacking to get them out of the game.
Saints8365::Cool story bro
Saints8365::I never said I hated Lebron. I just dislike him as a decision maker. And no thats Cleveland Fans
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Aren't you that kid that hates LeBron because he lost you money in that $@%! town you live in?
boom.shaka::They've beaten Dallas 2 out of 2 so far this year....
gogata1987::Or the tough inside presence of Tyson Chandler that they no longer have?
boom.shaka::You mean the reality that they struggle against the quick, penetrating PGs that Dallas no longer has?
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Think they got them 3 out of 4 last regular season. And then reality set in.
SerioRaider::The Lakers should trade Gasol for a PG and bring in Felipe Reyes to play in place of Gasol
boom.shaka::Or keep Gasol and trade their two first round picks and/or the exception for a PG
SerioRaider::Or Adam Parada
jcmaggi::Good morning Lakers fans and haters alike
Saints8365::Kobe needs a Vacation.
tyronn lue::after the lakers sweep, probably...
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::He'll get one. Maybe in round 2.
Bleedzorange1977::Lakers better have home court in the playoffs...
PussyGetting Pussygetter::I wouldn't mind Gasol being the C for the Mavs
nhcasillas::Pretty sad when you have to tell everyone you get $@%!$, odds are you have a degree in mas.turbation...
tyronn lue::are we swapping dirk?
Saints8365::Is it me or Metta World Peace isn't helping the Lakers
rex_coach::He is a DEFENDER, got to have those kind... ;)
nhcasillas::I cant hate on him after that 3 to kill the celtics in the finals, after that no matter what hes good in my book. I dont understand why people hate players that help contribute to their championships.
tyronn lue::maybe the lakers don't win the finals if he's not there to guard guys like durant and pierce, but maybe they have less trouble getting past the thunder and celtics if he's not a complete liability on offense too...
tyronn lue::yes, but they're going for the trifecta (artest, barnes and beasley) as the most combustible trio of SFs in the game on one team...
Saints8365::yea. but their doing a good job
scottpilgrim36::Lakers still don't want it this year. this is there usual hey look at me were still relevant stage of the season. they'll fall 1st or 2nd round. Wait and see
tyronn lue::the MAVS were fortunate to win it last year. they're right up there with the '72 knicks. enjoy it now because it will soon be coming to an end and you'll get to endure a never ending drought while the lakers find a way to win decade after decade. happy trolling an LA site the day after your team loses. get used to it...
scottpilgrim36::Um the Phoenix Suns did not long ago. 2006 and 2007. So why can't Dallas?
gogata1987::"The Mavs will win it all next yr, there's no way they can win 4/7 against us 2 yrs in a row...enjoy it while you can Lakers"
scottpilgrim36::Delonte West is just as good. and We can make up for Chandler. if we can make up for Butler then Chandler will just be the same deal
gogata1987::lol ok guy
gogata1987::This Mavs team won't even sniff the finals
gogata1987::Yall beat the Lakers last yr w/ a midget terrorist PG and Tyson Chandler that you no longer have
scottpilgrim36::If they won't it'll be because of OKC. No one else cept maybe San Antonio can match the Mavs
rackem_smackemm::lakers have already beaten the mavs &amp; clips this year jus sayin
scottpilgrim36::2-1 LA was the season series last year. Also Bulls 3-0 vs Heat. Remind me what happened?
scottpilgrim36::Aside from Mavs vs Spurs wcf yes
tyronn lue::and you had all this figured out last year too im sure...
scottpilgrim36::Common sense. Thunder are a whole new animal this year. Dallas has one of the best benches in the league when everybody is there, San Antonio will more likely redeem themselves from last year, and the Clips are going hard this year they're tire of being that sorry team no one cares about. they want to start a new era
scottpilgrim36::it's both. don't want it and no depth
boom.shaka::In that case, perhaps you should follow Mr. McDowell's advice....
scottpilgrim36::You really think you got the depth to compete this year?? Plus keep in mind Bynum hasn't gotten injured yet. He's as injury prone as Greg Oden
tyronn lue::based on SA had the best record in the league last season, no one expected the mavs to get past the second round and the clippers didn't even make the playoffs, you're so sure of this how exactly in a lockout shortened season?
scottpilgrim36::Lakers ain't heading to the finals. You can't survive against OKC, San Antonio, Clips or Mavs in playoff time this year buddy
tyronn lue::yes, it's us against the world vs scottpilgrim this year and the lakers are headed to the finals!
boom.shaka::But I thought you said they didn't "want" it....now it's about depth?  Please make up your mind.
boom.shaka::If you want to keep working here, son....lay off the drugs.  Regards, Cleo McDowell
tyronn lue::and you're basing every season off last season?
Saints8365::Leggo Lakers!
ChaelSonnenUFC::Poor Pau Rose wishes they could get him and were here trying to get a bag of Lays and a Soda for him.
ducadae::Aside from OKC being the 1 seed, I think the rest of the West standings are fools gold.  I don't think LAC, Denver, or San Antonio could beat Dallas or LA in a 7 game series.  The Clippers defense is too bad.  If highlights won titles, they would be in good shape.
