Mike Plummer::Tim Duncan is a shell of the player he was five years ago. And that player was a shell of the player he was five years before that. Tony Parker is leading the way and gets no respect or MVP consideration. Meanwhile Chris Paul and the underwhelming Clippers continue to get all the publicity. Ridiculous.
Graham Horobetz::Of all the teams in the NBA, the Spurs are the only team that can truly limit Randolph. They have the right game plan when approaching him, but they also have the correct personnel to do so. We have to be creative in ways of getting Z-Bo the ball so he can continue his amazing play. Gasol has played great as well. Key thing is, limit turnovers like we have the past 4 games. Conley will have to equalize Parker for us to win.
Mike Wagener::Spurs are the most exciting team to watch in the NBA....notice, I said TEAM, not individual.  Anyone who claims they're boring is either lying or about 10 years old.
John Martin::The development of Splitter and the deepest bench in the NBA have been the keys to the Spurs so far.
Jacob Richey::Good win tonight Spurs!
Jerry Caliendo::Always fun when these 2 teams mix it up. Much respect for the Grizz. Go Spurs Go!
Greg Bosgraaf::It hasn't been as fun for my Grizz against you guys lately, hopefully we can pull out a win tonight. When are you guys going to stop dominating the Southwest and let us have a turn? ;)
Jerry Caliendo::Greg Bosgraaf , I thought y'all turned that corner last season, even after the WCF.  I think letting Hollins go was huge, as far as negative impact. I don't live in Memphis, obviously, so I don't know what was going on with that.  I did declare before the WCF last season that if we didn't go to the Finals, I would be rooting for Memphis to win one for us "little guys".
Greg Bosgraaf::Jerry Caliendo There are a lot of differing opinions on Hollins here in Memphis as well. Last year and there were more people ready to see Hollins go, now it seems like everyone is calling for him to come back. I think he was most likely a fantastic motivator because he got that team to play some nasty, tenacious defense and some very unselfish basketball. However, I feel that he made many poor in-game decisions. His rotations made no sense to me and I never trusted an out-of-bounds play. I'm not sure that Joerger is our guy going forward, but I personally am glad that management took a chance on someone else. What we saw on this road-trip makes me think that maybe these boys are figuring everything out under Joerger, but I still need more time to make a more accurate assessment.
Frisco Garcia::Spurs are rollin, Memphis should just chalk it up as a L and start thinking about the next one ;)
Greg Bosgraaf::Perhaps a week ago I'd have agreed with you. I think this will be a great game now, hopefully the Grizz can give the same effort that we have seen from them on this roadtrip.
Frisco Garcia::Idk what has changed in a week but yeah I'm sure it'll be a good game down to the wire
Greg Bosgraaf::A week ago the Grizzlies were getting blown out by the Raptors at home and playing with no passion. Hopefully they've turned the corner on the effort, it appears that they have.
Powers Maximus McFightmaster::Go Spurs Go!!!
Leah Rochelle::Nice win 4 my SPURS!!!..^_^
Memphis Tenn::Go Grizzlies!!!
Greg Bosgraaf::Well the Spurs sure do have our number. That Marc injury sure hurts, I hope he won't be out long. I was excited to see how well we hung around even without Marc for most of the game, you can see the fatigue of the road trip and small rotation kick in the last 6 minutes or so. As long as Marc's injury isn't too bad I like where we are at going forward. Good game Spurs and go Grizz!
Christopher Couser Dc::Great game..dang Conley just keeps getting better and better..glad to see SA pull it out..hope Gasol isn't hurt too bad...looked like Jeff kinda banged into him but who knows..GSG!
Dylan McKinley::"It was an efficient night for the Spurs, who shot blah blah blah, yada, yada, yada." Get ready to read that line or something very much like it another 40-50 times this season, folks!
Graham Horobetz::Oh, by the way, Spurs fans ..... please explain this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOhIMh4aoh0
Keaton Dye::He was checking his arms for cuts
Ethan Sanders::It bothers me how much Tony dribbles sometimes. Makes our offense go stagnant if he isn't scoring while doing so.
Hugo Chavez-Rey::Spurs should bring their A game and make it 6 in a row over Memphis. Good opponent, but not yet ready for prime time when it comes to overtaking the Spurs. Go Spurs Go !!
David M. Helmic II::Just in case spurs fans didn't notice, the Grizzlies are rolling right now having swept a 4 game california road trip.  Should be a great game.  Tony Allen should be well rested having only played 10 minutes in the last 2 games.   Go Grizzlies
Cody James Dellinger::You were saying...?
David M. Helmic II::Grizzlies lost a hard fought game.  Might have been different if Gasol hadn't gotten injured.
David Garcia::Freight Train rolled through Memphis
Chase Ennis::Spurs' streak comes to an end, Grizzlies' streak continues. Go Grizzlies!
Volkmar Gates::I suppose four in a row would qualify as a streak in Memphis. It's more of an afterthought in San Antonio.
Greg Bosgraaf::I wish I was as cool as you Volkmar.
Chase Ennis::A streak is a streak idiot. Whether it's 50 wins in a row, or 2 losses.
Kenny Newhouse::Spurs can F**K themselves!
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::u too sir
Andrew Lipham::wow.  memphis sucks again.
Sam Saenz::Let's get another W in the grind house Spurs!
Mike Wagener::Keep it going. SPURS!
Kenny Newhouse::Big game! Let's go Grizz!!!
Sportsbettingstar.com::The San Antonio Spurs are enjoying the best record in the Western Conference and an eight-game winning streak. The Memphis Grizzlies, who host the Spurs on Friday, are winners of four straight and seem to have completely turned around after stumbling out of the gate. The Grizzlies are getting back to the strong team defense that took them last season to the Western Conference finals, where they were swept by the Spurs. Memphis began the season 3-5 before going on its current run, during which it is holding opponents to an average of 88.8 points. San Antonio does a fine job limiting opponents scoring as well and ranks third in the NBA in scoring defense at 89.6 points and the under might be the way to go in this one.
