zachrlee::I'm sure Dallas is kicking themselves for letting players like Tyson Chandler, JJ Barea, Fernandez and Caron Butler go.
ZonaWildcats_2170::D. Williams(:
eototal::Must Watch Video...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYDzvmoGIcE
eototal::TWolves singing NSync lol
themightyrule10::wolves should trade for iman shumpert
fuzzjar::Paul Millsap &gt; Kevin Love
Tbibby1::Josher1223. You put rubio on that knicks team, can you even imagine those stats? I love Lin and he has been amazing, but rubio is a true point guard. Larry Bird even vouches that and that dude is around basketball more than anyone. If you watch rubio live everyone will stand up when he's leading the break, because everyone knows they are gonna see an awesome pass. Lin is good, but rubio would make that team so much better, although he could not carry them like Lin did because scoring is not his strength at this point in his career, but who knows what rubio could do in dantoni's system
larrybird77::For the life of me, I cannot figure out why the Jazz blew up their team. They had a contender and got rid of all their players.  They traded Deron Williams AFTER the coach quit. I can see doing it to keep the coach.... BUT AFTER SLOAN QUIT???  Because he MIGHT sign elsewhere a full 1 1/2 seasons away?? Garbage.  I would rather have Deron Williams and make a couple of runs than just decide to continually suck... but always looking to the future. For some reason Jazz fans seem okay with this. I'm not. We had a great young team, and threw it away. Now the Jazz have a bunch of big guys and a terrible backcourt.   I guess being a Jazz fan now means being okay with never being in contention again.
SportsFan00101::hey
SportsFan00101::gooo wolves
troyrandy::desert430 Ricky didn't have a great game last night, however if you saw the game his 6 turn overs he had were made up but the at least 6 turn overs he made the other team create.   The thing with Ricky is he needs to develop his scoring which I believe will come, Ridnour nor Barea have near the defensive skills that Rubio does, I will take the guy who's not allowing this guy to score easy buckets over the guy that's giving up more points then he's contributing.
desert430::True Ricky does get some incredible steals. His court vision is great but he needs to develop better court smarts  At least Ridnour still starts. He proves himself time and again. Wesley on the other hand...
fmunozcuevas::Wesley as a starter is a X-file
desert430::Ya ESPN barely showed anything from this game  I don't know why Adelman continues to start Ricky. Sure he can create things that Ridnour cant but I would take JJ or Ridnour over him every single game. 6 TOs for Ricky last night. Thats pathetic. Any other player would be benched(besides Lin)  Starting 5 should be:   JJ Ridnour DWill.2 Love Pekovic  They would have 3-5 strong bench players to support them. If I was a coach I would have my best 5 on the court to finish the game and he always has DWill.2 out there
PhilMNAP::Ricky is the reason the team is where it is. Keep him in the starting 5.
Schroer46::yeah terrible idea we started winning when we plugged ricky in the starting line up do you forget this?
josher1223::That would be the worst backcourt in the nba. wolves need an athletic 2
desert430::Would it matter if 3 of those guys score 75+ every night?
troyrandy::Do you think Wes Johnson will ever develop into anything?   Adelman keeps sticking with him which means he must see something in him I just don't know what at this point...   Hoping he develops into something
desert430::Ive seen moments of brilliance from him but hes not going to be a star on his own. He needs things to be created for him. DWill.2 can create at the 2, 3, or 4 position
josher1223::The top 10 all stars lead the league in turnovers it's part of being the guy who always has the ball and has to create for those who can't at the end of the shot clock.
josher1223::Stop whining...Lin is playing better than any new player that has started for his team than anyone has in 35 years. Rubio has average stats and has to be pulled some nights for his inconsistency Lin took a losing team with 2 " superstars" and showed them how to win by playing smart basketball...With no superstars. It is the biggest and best story in all of sports around the world. Cute no look passes are nice but not on the same level.
harrtres11::lins only getting all this cuz he plays for new york. if he was still in golden state they wouldn't give a $@%!.
troyrandy::Basically we've seen only a hand few of games from both, it's pretty early to debate who's better...   I would still take my chances with Ricky for the long haul!
josher1223::Ok.. Check out scoring and rebounding too. Oh and winning %
desert430::Gotta look at all the stats  86 Turnovers in 46 games  68 Turnovers in only 20 games with the Knicks  He's breaking records all right...
eototal::I think I just watched Sportscenter and did not see them mention this game once...WTF ESPN!!!!!!!!!!
B1ouin::Typical ESPN $@%!. It takes forever before they show highlights for any MN game and when they do it's for like 20 sec. even with an exciting finish like this.
Schroer46::yeah espn is such crap how does this game get over looked
mn_tanz::Two small market teams that come into a game with under .500 records, even if they are exciting to watch, like MN, won't get much attention on ESPN.    If this was NY v. LA, they wouldn't be able to stop talking about the finish in this game.
crackaplz::It's hard with 50% of the program dedicated to Lin/Tebow. You should be used to shoddy reporting and obvious agenda weaving from the 'leader'.
makulu53::It is encouraging to see that the Timberwolves can win against a decent team despite having lousy games from their "star" players (Love and Rubio). JJ and Derrick did a great job of picking up the slack tonight.
ZonaWildcats_2170::AMEN!
cjbrooks21::t wolves win
oste0130::LinPekable!
cjbrooks21::someone change your name to Ricky Rubio......................................ROY
MNfreakTim::so he had a 1:1 ratio for a game or 2. his season average is well above 2:1
Baron Harkonnen::Because Ricky Rubio 1-to-1 assist/turnover ratio, is too long.
mn_tanz::Wow.  Dumb.  Take a look at his assist/TO ratio for the season and then compare it to the other leading ROY candidate.    Then do the same for steals/TO.
TheRubioLoveConnection::Would love to see Griffin get blocked in the All-Star game. Guys going to try and dunk 10+ times during the game. BORING.
harrtres11::haha no.  he cant even hit a free throw
troyrandy::Can Griffin do anything but dunk?
31beef34::ideal all-star weekend:  Rubio upstages Lin, Williams wins dunk competition, Love makes all of Griffin's voters look bad for putting the wrong PF in the starting lineup.
jank6708::Love steps on Lin and Griffin's face
BunnyTheLifeguard::Rubio did pretty well against Lin a few weeks ago
gman68mn::Why?  Lin is playing great, and he didn't ask for all the attention.  It just happens because he is playing in NY.
Dinomeyt::Dunk over him and put it in his face, I know Rubio wouldn't do that, but someone should, just to shut the linsanity up
Dinomeyt::whats better: Rubio dunks (he can dunk) over Lin if they are on opposing teams, just to show that Rubio is at a higher level than Lin ever will be
NeverNoThumbs::I agree.  It is funny that the leagues best team, the Heat, don't even get much air time let alone the spurs winning streak, back to back insanely exciting T-Wolves games and IDK what else cus it is all Lin and Blake Griffin.  Just  like Tebow with ridiculous air time, does anyone want to see that much over coverage of 1 story or is ESPN blind?  Just like Tebow, I turn the channel when the New York Lins coverage comes on.
Dinomeyt::I hate Griffin. He isn't a complete player. If he didn't have dunk power, he would be the most pathetic waste of a player. He can't hit a 3pt or a FT to save his live
Dinomeyt::Death to Stephen A. Smith and Skip Bayless
Dinomeyt::remember chris kluwe's remark about Bayless, so awesome
1234Mitch::Best think that every happened with Skip Bayless was Suggs calling him a douch.e bag
jank6708::Wolves will be a playoff team, they will only get better after the all-star break
31beef34::.500 at the break.. can't complain!! didn't expect this team to be in any sort of playoff conversation already this year, but it's awesome! kind of out of the blue Pekovic steps up, and now the trio of Rubio-Love-Pek is looking great!!  wish DWill would get more minutes though..
optimoprime13::he is inconsistent because adelman is jerking around his minutes. hard to get in a flow when you are only in the game for 3 minute stretches. all games he has got decent minutes he has shown the ability to play at this level he just needs to get the oppurtunity.
jonnyd_94::DWill will get more minutes when he becomes a better player.  He lacks some basic defensive concepts and he has to be more consistent on the offensive side.  He is a talent and it will take time.  I think Adeleman knows what he is doing.
1234Mitch::In a shortened season like this, I would've been happy with this team getting around 30 wins and letting some young players get NBA time.  Now I'm hoping they can make a run and somehow get into that 8th seed.  DWill definitely deserves more time though.
Dinomeyt::Pekstation 3 &gt; Lintendo at everything
TheRubioLoveConnection::Sportscenter opens up with $@%! about the Knicks and Blake Griffin...I'm starting to hate ESPN. I might take my talents to South Beach.
1234Mitch::Haha just looking at the rundown on SC is ridiculous.  Start with Lin, then Carmelo, than Lakers and than Clippers.  After about 20 minutes of that crap we might finally get to something interesting
Dinomeyt::It does suck. It's all about one team, as if that's what the whole world wants to hear about.I don't. I wanna hear about the surprise team in the NBA, the team that has beaten the clippers, the spurs, the 76ers. New York has gotten cheesy teams. Can't wait for Miami to just murder them. Lebron, kill Lin if u want, we don't care
1234Mitch::ESPN in general sucks.  Like that new show about that guy with his dad who has a heavy foreign accent and it's shot in a kitchen.  What the hell is that about
Dinomeyt::I'm going to give up SC for lent, being a Catholic. I'll just watch NBA live, NBA. com highlights, and the games.
yodaspeaks::Dude, i stopped watching sportscenter years ago.  NBA.com for highlight.
Dinomeyt::They aren't even talking about the heat. It's all about the worthless New York Knicks. Oh well, we have the more exciting team in the NBA and that is something I am proud of.
TheRubioLoveConnection::PEKsanity &gt; Linsanity
oste0130::LinPekable   ...o-wait
Blake52908::He's Pektacular!
greenduck008::it pekmania
yodaspeaks::Al Jefferson made Zero attempt to block Ridnour.  He is your go to guy on offense and he stares at Luke's floater.  Luke freaking Ridnour!!  The Jazz deserve their record.
TheRubioLoveConnection::Did anyone else see the Top Ten on Sportscenter? Ridnour BUZZER BEATER gets #5....F.UCK YOU ESPN. BAN ME PLEASE.
Dinomeyt::Ik thats not fair, that was one heck of a game if u look at it. And it got only #5? A floater is not easy to perform. U have to time it exactly because if u miss it by a few inches, it doesn't go in.
Mnsport763::just like any shot dude get of wolves forums u make us look bad
t hartmann::and Al Horford
Dinomeyt::And it's Atlanta without Joe Johnson. That's not a tough team
Dinomeyt::Ya, I would rather take the league by surprise, put it in their $@%
TheRubioLoveConnection::Jeremy Lin game winner with .5 on the clock after the shot went in got #1 on the night he made that. It's a joke. Happy we got the win though.
1234Mitch::It'd be nice to see ESPN not show a complete east coast bias.  The highlight was a Derrick Williams 3 point play, an Al Jefferson jumper and a Ridnour buzzer beater.  I guess they needed to hurry so they could make sure they got their 20 minutes of Lin and the Knicks in the show
oste0130::They should change it to ESBN - Eastern Sports Bias Network.
Dinomeyt::Ik, it irritates the living crap out of me. They didn't even talk about the Spurs win streak or Nikola's emergence. It was all Lin this and Lin that. Enough of it already. WE DON'T CARE!!! Someone make a sports media station that looks at all the teams, and leaves the east coast teams to the smallest amount of time. Hope lin gets stabbed in the eyes with a thumbtack!
Dinomeyt::Boycott the Asians not born in this country?? I can find about 10,000 of them on U of Mn Campus
1234Mitch::I noticed that.  Couldn't be more true too!  He's been playing amazing the entire month and gets no attention.  Lin plays decent for 7 games and the nation needs him in the All Star weekend
Dinomeyt::PEK?!?!?! HE CAME OUT OF NOWHERE!!!! Marc Stein called him the All Star Weekend flub.
1234Mitch::Haha valid point.  I'm sure Carmelo will return to his old self soon.  Then all this Lin crap will be gone until some new person rises and ESPN can talk about them 24/7
Dinomeyt::Same with me, I was like, oh cool heres a new guy getting a chance. Now, it's going way too far. He's not even that good. He still turns it over. I hope Melo turns into his old self and just hogs it. That or lin dies in a car crash cuz come on, asians can't drive
1234Mitch::Absolutely.  I liked Lin to begin with because it was a new and cool story but now it's just obnoxious.  If it's not about Lin or the Heat, ESPN doesn't care.  The only time the talked about the Spurs was when the win streak ended, not at all during the other 11 games
minny snowta::Another close call for the Timberwolves, it would be nice to see a blowout here and there but I guess the Wolves like to make alot of crazy comebacks to win at the last second.  It has happened so many times thios year!  Good game Wolves!  Barea, D Will and Pek stepped up and took over when Love and Ricky weren't having the best game.  It's nice to no longer be in the basement and only 1 game out of the 8th spot heading into the All Star weekend, which incidentally will have a few Wolves participating.  It feels pretty good!!!
minny snowta::IDK!  KG and Wally, KG and Cassell???  I don't think we have had more than 2 guys in the game but to have 3 players playing/competing in 4 different events is pretty cool!  K/ Love in the 3 point contest is a tad laughable though, he's a longshot but says he is just having fun.  Don't embarass yourself Kevin. hahahah!!!
Dinomeyt::whens the last time we had three guys going to the all star weekend events. Its been a while
Dinomeyt::Luke Ridnour FloaterMaster
redbob4444::man the wolvs can really be a great team with a few moves good to see another up and coming team
Dinomeyt::Good Game Jazz fans, nothing but the best. Wolves, rest up. Derrick should probably win the SDC, ricky and derrick will shine in the Rising Stars. Kevin, 3 point contest and of course the All Star Game. This has been one of the more exciting teams in basketball to watch. Rick deserves so much credit for the defensive change. Is it still a work in progress? yes, but it's a heck of a lot better than last year.GO WOLVES!!!
TAC0REV::Epic choke job by the Jazz. This is embarrassing.
Dinomeyt::Don't worry. With all the Lin crap u only have to see it twice. If Lin sucked, this game would get more hype, but NY-biased networks will always cover NY-teams.
itsaboutteam::Ridnour has always been a bit underrated.
Mr Calogero::Wolves funnest young team to watch in NBA without a doubt.
Ramini291::Wolves are exciting, I agree. But I would say OKC is just as fun to watch!
JCram08::go wolves!! best ive seen them look in years
dunsp::Denver is Done vs LAC. The wolves sit just 1 game back from 8th spot going into the AllStar break. Leggo Wolves. Playoff bound
Dinomeyt::LAC, watch out!!
TheRubioLoveConnection::FINALLY! This board is working again  Kevin Love &gt; Blake Griffin
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Millsap is still &gt; love
eototal::Lutherans &gt; Catholics :)
roal0802::Catholics &gt; Mormons
Dinomeyt::after chopping almost 200 posts
Mr Calogero::Two teams in the NBA with a lot of potential and I can see doing big things in future: Wolves and Memphis. Even though I think Memphis can do damage in playoffs if Randolph comes back.
Dinomeyt::He's a free agent. He wants to start, Adelman would have no problem starting OJ
Dinomeyt::he wants to start. Memphis isn't giving it to him. We would in a heartbeat
XxLeprechaunxX::Restricted FA im pretty sure, but one of my favorite players lol, i play NBA 2k12 always get him haha
XxLeprechaunxX::OJ Mayo!! god i wish the wolves somehow got him, my dream right there
crossovr11::Thunder and TWolves
crossovr11::^up and coming
Dinomeyt::http://espn.go.com/nba/powerrankings  Marc Stein calls Pek the biggest All Star weekend Snub. Well Done Marc!!
Dinomeyt::Sportscenter why u show Gophers before T-wolves? Come on
ghettoslider::idk how theyre a surprise./. practically every player on their team is a lottery pick
basketball_bum926::As a Wolves fan, I both laugh and weep at that statement.
Dinomeyt::I knew the gophers were going to suck after the Trevor injury. Wolves, are without a doubt, the NBA surprise team
dunsp::Wonder what the wolves record is when Beasley plays &lt;14 minutes or when he was injured. Guaranteed its over .500. Beasley lovers can go walk in traffic
dunsp::aha well Im out on that note. any wolves fan is a friend of mine. till next time
XxLeprechaunxX::indeed 4th place in the northwest!!
dunsp::and you never know. $@%!$ couldve meant Pantry
XxLeprechaunxX::lol i did not consider that
dunsp::You insulted me first by saying youve watched more games than me
XxLeprechaunxX::oh lol, but in all seriousness i probly have i only missed todays game and like 2 others, if you have seen more though props.  Last note on beasley, i think hes played more good games than bad since that houston outing, just me though, and as you can see im obvioulsy biased
dunsp::Oh believe me I would love it if he figured it out. Thought he was moving in the right direction after his 34 point display, took all his open shots and moved the ball when it wasnt there. But I just dont see him making that jump from being selfish player to just a 3 point shooter/driver(hard to the bucket) who facilitates if its not there. If he did, we could be a serious contender coming out of the west
dunsp::bottomline the guy is further into his own head than i was in your moms $@%!$. hes a headcase, those usually dont pan out too well in the league
XxLeprechaunxX::^^and i dont see the use of insults in arguements
XxLeprechaunxX::well, that might be true, but i personally would much rather see him turn it around than ship him out.  I know its kinda hard to feel bad for a millionaire athlete, but i do feel bad for the guy sometimes, cause of what people say about him.  Idk, just how i and i know im in the minority
dunsp::So quick? haha, were only half way into the season and 4 years into his NBA career smart guy
XxLeprechaunxX::he played pretty well last year, and was productive as a rookie for Miami, he does take more bad shots than a lot of other players, but it doesnt mean hes useless
dunsp::Go watch a street league game last summer that b-easy played in. He played harder than he has for us all year.
XxLeprechaunxX::ridiculous, he played bad a few games, now you hate him? i dont get it, ill never understand all you people who are so quick to judge others.
dunsp::Exactly, Whoever sees upside in this clown please take him off our hands. Hes gone at the end of the season anyway. Id take a 2nd rounder for him
crossovr11::And I love how the Lakers still want him. We need to make a deal FAST before they realize what they'd be getting.
Dinomeyt::I would not mind that. I just like Martin because he knows Adelman, something wes doesn't seem to get alot!
crossovr11::how bout ATL LA MN some how we get Joe magic johnson.
Dinomeyt::I don't want him on the lakers. If we have to though, we need a SG. I think the smart idea is LA MN HOU. We give them Beasley, we get martin from Houston, and the rockets get Pau
dunsp::Yup, Beasley is a great facilitator and never takes bad shots
dunsp::Who is "these guys"? Luke has started all year.
Dinomeyt::I've been high before. Only makes u hungry for skittles. Delicious. Look, we have potelintial on that bench. Miller is there to be a mentor. His playing days are relatively done but he's there to help the other centers grow. This team will click on all cylinders soon.
crossovr11::yea dude are you high
Dinomeyt::Exactly, there were people saying lets trade luke, and then he wins us a game. Give these guys more playing time and good things will happen
XxLeprechaunxX::nobody said that, now your making stuff up, you clearly are prejudiced against beasley because he has played poorly in several games this year
dunsp::Really? When beasley touches the ball, the offense goes stagnant. Everybody stays still and waits for Beasy to shoot some ugly floating fade-away. Please watch a game or two
XxLeprechaunxX::no guarantee beaz wouldnt have made it, and the coaches tell him to take shots, cause hes good at shooting!
Dinomeyt::Read up on Martell and see what he has been through. Beasley could do better. But if GIVEN THE TIME he can help a team drastically.
crossovr11::If Beasely was in VS Clippers when we swang the ball around the perimeter to Rubio, the ball would've stopped at him he takes a bad shot and we lose. then we proceed to pillage his house and family just like we should do to Martell Webster.
crossovr11::dedication ...lol
Dinomeyt::Haven't missed a game. I've sped through homework and pass the homework so I can watch every game
XxLeprechaunxX::i bet iv watched more games than you
XxLeprechaunxX::i will gladly walk in traffic, and be unharmed!
Dinomeyt::Pek will defend us, the guy broke Brand's finger.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::i dont see where you get that impression about beasley.  hes actually done quite well for the team.  this year that is.....last game......in the 4th quarter.
Dinomeyt::He is a better defender as of late and I am proud to see that. He is the one player who looks like he could not adapt, now everyone is adapting. Beasley last game 4th quarter, saved us. It sucked we lost, but u can't win every one
Dinomeyt::We were doing pretty good. I was mad that he missed two 2 FT......badly
XxLeprechaunxX::Beasley played about as much as Darko wtf?  and Rubio wow worst game of his career statistically, its clear to me now that Millsap owns Love
Terrmac2657::OOOOOOPS thats right Loves in the all star game once again and NOPE i dont see Millsaps name there.
Terrmac2657::Oh yeah and Love was matched up against Millsap that game toand YEP Love out played him.
nallad47::Ya but he has about 0 defense skills that is why Millsap owns him
Terrmac2657::Hey Dinomeyt  Where you getting your facts bud . Last season Love lit Utah up every time  First gamd Love had 25 pts and 19 rbs. second game Love had 24 pts and 12 rbs. and the last game Love had 22 pts and 11 rbs.   Lets see so yeah he suked he only averaged 24 points and 14 rebounds. YEP your right he did struggle The only reason I question what your saying is because I was at the game just before Christmas when we lost by likev 4 or 5 pts and Kevin had the 25 and 19 game.  So no Love does not allways have bad games against the Jazz
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::Millsap does not own Love, he had a better game.  simple as that...
Dinomeyt::Yah any other team and love will light it up. Utah, he just can't seem to do jack and I feel its because of Millsap
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::very true, luckily its only Utah lol.
XxLeprechaunxX::well in the last game to against Utah Millsap WENT OFF! and we lost by 15
Dinomeyt::Ya, but Love never has a good game against Utah. They seem to know him for some reason.
Dinomeyt::Rubio just had a bad game. Everyone has them. It happens. Ridnour, Derrick, and JJ compensated. And Pek still got +10 points with a strain in his ankle. He is such a BEAST
Dinomeyt::5-6 on 3pt?? Thats insane!!
XxLeprechaunxX::yeah good to see that he was out there and relatively effective, we'd have gotten blown out without him it looks like, and i never thought id say this but barea is worth every penny lol
Dinomeyt::Love has a problem with the Jazz, he never does good against Utah. He can take anyone else except for Utah. Millsap has him read like a book
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::people dont realize millsap is really good, like should be an all star good.
XxLeprechaunxX::i know, from what ive seen of millsap (wolves games) hes a freakin' all star!
Dinomeyt::Where did nearly 200 posts go?
rayfinkle29::oh yahhh Fargo is a great film eh?
blazers3333333::ohh ya, yer darned tootin'
crossovr11::If you're a Utah fan, go be a mormon on a different board
Dinomeyt::Kevin should have done what Luke did when Kevin hit his big three against the Clippers. Just be like "ICE CREAM!!!!!!!""
TheRubioLoveConnection::WOW. It feels so good to be out of the cellar in the NW Divison. Good Job Timberwolves!
XxLeprechaunxX::didnt see the game... what happened? looking at the box score it looks like everyone had a terrible game but barea and ridnour
crossovr11::We won, read the recap
Dinomeyt::Williams had a real good game. Pek surprised me. Would have been nice if Rubio and Love did more, but they always seem to have a struggle with the Jazz
Dinomeyt::ridnour just made magic
bear0402::Jazz relinquished an 18 point lead in the 4th quarter?  I haven't seen a team choke that badly since the Packers Discount Double Choke.
TheRubioLoveConnection::.
