J.W. Madden::The Hoosiers just upset the undefeated Badgers... so I'm guessing people in the Hoosier state are going to be pretty happy overall with their night in basketball.
Kenny Zhang::Kings in a close one.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Im rooting for the kings to steal one here, they have been playing great lately. Lets make it 4 wins in a row !
Kenny Zhang::Ernest Bagdasaryan I'm with you bud. Obviously we are going up against the best of the best, but our group has a bullet-proof mentality in this streak.
Scott Lau::Kings by 20.
Nate Kenny::Really surprised at how many kings fans there are on here. And how arrogant they are in predicting their victory in this one. Yeah, the Pacers have the best record in the NBA, as well as the best home record in the NBA (17-1). As they third quarter starts, I don't expect this one to be too close. Sure you beat Miami at home. Congratulations. They didn't have D-Wade in that game and the fact that Lebron James may be "coasting" this year is on the front page of this website currently. Don't get me wrong. Its a great win, I just wish that Kings fans would be a little less arrogant for a 13-22 team coming in to play a Pacers team that just won by 27 and has the best home record, and overall record in the league.
Corey Pyle::I agree with everything you said, except I would nitpick on there being "many" acting arrogant. There's always gonna be the one or 2 with any fanbase, just sayin'
Zack Schooler::What Corey said. It really isn't a lot of people. Just on this board in particular it is just like 2 or 3 guys
Nate Kenny::Zack Schooler haha yeah, I agree with you guys but it just frustrates me.
Charles Cherry::Here is how u know the pacers will win...paul george has a bad game and they still won there previous game by 20....kings hyped over a 3 game win streak....the pacers have beaten west teams by an average of 20 plus points...18-1 at home...like i just dont see the kings winning this one...
Kenny Zhang::DMC will put on a show.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Kenny Zhang Agreed, im thinking 20 pts and 15 rbs.
Matt Mossman::31/13
J.W. Madden::Last 10 games (FG%) Cousins: 48% Gay: 52% Williams: 53% Thomas: 42%  (39% last 5 games)    If I were Sac's coach I would maybe think about telling Isaiah Thomas to stop shooting 15+ times a game every game.  Takes too many bad shots.
George Jimas::he's shooting above 45% on the season, why would they tell him to stop shooting?
J.W. Madden::Season-long stats for a team that just shook up it's entire roster?  More appropriate is what he has done in the last month with Rudy and Williams(etc) in the lineup.  I never said he should stop shooting all together, just less.   He needs to take 12 shots a game, not 15+ and the Kings would be a more efficient offense.
Kenny Zhang::J.W. Madden good point. he needs to distribute EVEN MORE. I see amazing pick and roll kick out plays in this kings offense.
Keith Dennis::Please put Thornton back on the bench where he belongs and put Jimmer back in..  Marcus is awful
Corey Pyle::That dude who said 20-pt Pacer win looks smarter than the guy who said 20-pt Kings win
Kyle White::Vogel clinched East All-Star coach win the Pacers win tonight!
Chad Wiggins::WOW I SEE… take fredette out leave in the skud missile shooting rooking..  SMH… what does this kid have to do to stay on the floor… the game changes for the better every time he check in… i understand isiah has solidified things, and he's gonna be on the court, but freekin marcus thorton hasn't… and ben mclemore surely hasn't…  this is my biggest outcry… fredette like mclemore was a lottery pick… however he never got the opportunity to play thru the type of shotty play mclemore has been afforded….  he has been absolutely awful…. yet he's started a huge number of games, and if he's not starting he's getting 20+ min… all the while shooting 35%
J.W. Madden::Wow.  Start a freaking religion already.    Freddetism
David Franson::McLemore shouldn't be playing much at all right now.  Hard to believe he was starting for awhile.  Thornton is a slight upgrade over McLemore, but not by much.  He is too streaky and inconsistent; one game he'll put up 15, next night nothing.  IMHO, Jimmer should be the starting SG (his true position) alongside Isaiah in the backcourt.
Corey Pyle::David Franson Don't know a lot about the Kings, but it just seems like you would be seriously comprising your D if you did that
Oldblogjermey Hibbert::Pacers up by almost 30 but the front page espn video covering the game is about how good Cousins is. 7 minutes away from 13-23. His effort is really making the difference for this team
J.W. Madden::Devils Advocate:   Everybody already knows how good the Pacers are.  Cousins just had 19 in the third quarter when the game was close.
Ryan McGonigle::Tonight, Demarcus Cousins had 19 & 10............... In the 3rd quarter.......  *ALL-STAR*
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Yup, too bad the sensitive people who vote for the spots, will find some excuse to not put him in one of the positions.
Ryan McGonigle::Ernest Bagdasaryan Heck yeah bro... Would be a shame.. The guy is by far the best center in the NBA.. He should be starting in the All Star game..
Randy Gauck::Since you bozos know nothing about how they vote in the All-stars....its front court, back court....they do not just vote in a center...just because this cousins got 19-10 in a quarter does not make him starting material in the front court with some of the players that are out there that are by far way better than cousins.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::2 interesting matchups for this game.   Demarcus cousins VS Roy Hibbert. ( prob 2 of the most dominant centers this season ) Rudy Gay VS Paul George ( both guys averaging 20+ even though Gay is shooting better right now ) Im also interested to see what the pacers do about Isaiah thomas.   Anyone want to add anything ?
Kenny Zhang::I want to add that Kings will be contending for a playoff spot this year.
Zack Schooler::George Hill will be fine on Thomas.
Anthony Summers::Kenny Zhang If they were in the Eastern Conference they would be, I know there's a lot of basketball to go but the Western Conference is really tough.
Wade Mason::I can't wait for this game, but the Pacers deserve their rest. I actually feel sorry for the Kings, because they could be coming into this one with 12 straight games over 100 points. I wouldn't expect that to reach 13 though. Kings only managed 87 against the Bobcats, and the Pacers D is on another level. Coming off of 3 days of rest, in the Fieldhouse, this could turn ugly quick. Only 6 teams have posted 100 on these guys so far, 4 of them were legit Western Conference contenders. Enjoy your offensive streak Kings, it'll be over soon.
Curtis Pro::Most likely Kings get torched for their lack of defense and score very little due to Indiana's super low oppg. Cousins vs Hibbert should be interesting. Also, Kings have played very well against top talent since the Gay trade. I won't be surprised if the Kings get blown out, but I also wouldn't be surprised if it goes down the the wire.
Wade Mason::Curtis Pro Yeah, the only way it's a blowout is if the Kings get shut down completely. I was thinking it will be a 8-12 point game.
Josh Strouth::Wade Mason, I think with it being in Indiana and with the Pacers coming off a three day break, it will be a solid 17 point win for the Pacers, 102-85.
Mark Randy Myers::Kings were never in the game.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Here is a interesting topic, which big comes out on top, Cousins or Hibbert. I think Cousins will have the better numbers as far as Points, rebounds, assists, and steals. Hibbert might win in the block department. Another double double game for cousins ( this will be his 11th straight double ) Total of 27 out of 35 games.
Brandon Navarro::I love this Pacers team. They committed to the defense last year and are really getting into it this year. We've also got a few more scoring options and have developed more in terms of scoring in general. This could really be our year. Go Pacers! Wish I lived in Indy again.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I think this game has potential to come down to 2-3 posessions in the last 5 mins. Could be a clutch game coming down to the wire, or a 10+ loss either direction.  I just hope the refs dont side with the home team, and become whistle happy against the away team. ( just let em play ref )
Jonah Swidan::I get Kings fans are very passionate and that's all dandy and all, but I was shocked in how many thought they were going to win tonight.  I don't count out any team but a lot of Kings fans were a big over confident tonight.   Good luck you your team and GO PACERS!!!
Chad Wiggins::its hilarious how many times i have heard kings fans scream about fredettes inability to play defense, but i have never heard a word about mclemore….
Ronnie Saeteune::Mclemore is a rookie, Fredette is in what, his third year? Good game so far by Jimmer though, im a Kings fan I root for all of em
Chad Wiggins::Ronnie Saeteune rare…  fredette has been lights out all year… and fredette never got a pass as a rookie
Ray Waterman::Outstanding Pacers win tonight!! They are just dominating.  I just can't see anybody keeping up with them right now.
Randall L Lockdall::If statistics mean anything the Pacers will almost have to roll over and play dead to lose this one.  Maybe they should try a slick trick and start the 2nd five first and the 1st five second.....just kidding!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::If kings play the way they have been playing lately, this can get interesting. ( maybe steal 1 against pacers ) We have beat Miami, Houston, Portland, all top teams. We almost took a W against spurs. I think this goes down to a close game.
Chad Wiggins::i hate unprofessional refs who dont call the game correct just because of time and score
Kyle White::Yeah same here, I know the game is over but your a professional you still have to do your job.
David Franson::Wow, that game got out of hand for the Kings in a hurry.  Lack of defense the last 5 or 6 minutes has killed them.
Chad Wiggins::when exactly did it get away from em…..
David Franson::Chad Wiggins, when Jimmer was taken out.  I'm sure that statement will draw some comments, but it is true.
Russ Harris::what is sad for Jimmer....is that he has to  create his own shot...nobody sets picks for him..
