dentaldoll::Great game Grizzlies.  It's great to be on the team that comes back from a big deficit.  I was very proud of our team.  Keep it up and bring a victory home against OKC.
Its_All_About_Sports::really happy to see chris johnson doing well
Grindhouse2413::we are happy to have him!
Grindhouse2413::No trades. Keep our core!
Grindhouse2413::Never give up. Never surrender.
clipctb::If Hollins can keep Bayless playing at the level he played last night the Grizzlies can definitely win a championship!
clipctb::I think it's good to see Gay handle the ball more and bring the ball up especially in the last part of the 4th quarter.  These big guys like Gay can dribble, pass, drive.  That's what makes you an all-star when you can score, create, rebound, defend in the 4th!
Grindhouse2413::Proud of Memphis. Great game guys! I recorded it and will watch it tonight. I have been saying it for a while now....when Marc is aggressive, we win. Rudy shot well last night, great to see. Hope Mike is ready for the Thunder game......the Thunder better be ready for us.
clipctb::Marc did look like an all-star last night!
tmoneyinmphs::Pretty cool that rudy finally scored over 20 points and got the last basket.  Not so cool that a younger player making less money set a season high in points on rudy gay and played him evenly.
CBReal02::Rudy still doesn't understand the flow of the game and lacks that "presence" intangible that tells him what to do and when.
clipctb::Evan Turner is like a young LeBron, but people just haven't notice yet.  Turner can play!
BootyLoaf.::worst fan base memphis, atlanta, or sacramento?
memtowntigers::Obliviously you do not read much.
Grindhouse2413::Memphis has a great fan base you idiot. The majority of us love our teams. More of us need to love them even if they struggle or are not winning. The city is coming around.
tmoneyinmphs::Worse how?  In class?  Has to be boston fans.  Miami fans are a close 2nd.  Worse fan base in support......atlanta has always drawn bad even when they have good teams, they are 24th in attendance this year.  Sacramento is last in attendance this year so far, but i've seen them support their teams when they win.
Hogphan919::This team has the pieces to make a run deep into the play-offs.  If they trade Gay, they send a serious message to the fan base...'we're not trying to win this year".  If they want to trade him, trade him in June, make sure everyone on the team knows that, so there is no uncertainty for the remainder of this season.  Anything else is unprofessional...and a losing proposition in every aspect.
machinegunkelley80::I don't see any trade worth it to let go of Rudy.  The front office  would be stupid to do so.  Memphis has just now got a decent  fan base in the city.  Making major trades at a time like this would destroy everything you just worked so hard for
flag_me_if_you_can::Game one after the fluke win against the Knicks...
pshores1968::following this bet system called Sportsbettingstar. I doulbed my initial balance my first month and made almost $3000 my 2nd month just following its bets. You can find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems.  I have bet on sports for years and this is one of the better systems I have tried.
Mumu8833::Why with 1:30 left and Sixers up 3 is Holiday holding the ball till there is only 5 secs left on the shot clock?  We have more TOs doing that than just moving the ball around normally.  Also, Turner was the hot one in the 2nd half, Jrue went cold.  Sixers let this one go.
Fee.Forbin::I'm calling it now.  Grizzlies are going to the Finals.
Hollerationatory::The Spurs are watching.  The Spurs are alllllways watching.
Lugene Parker::Just got off work. This win and this comment made my night.
ArticSquarecle::lol
1grizzfan4life::Great comeback Grizz Nation! I never lost faith. Grind Forth! Let's take down the Thunder next!
emthomasjr::Wow, a game in which we scored &gt; 20 points in every quarter!  Great bounce back win Grizzlies!
sweet_lew09::wow CJ has been a stud
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::damn, we miss iggy.  -crybaby sixers fans.
kevino2468::nobody's saying that...
GrizzNation841::This team will go as far as Marc takes them. He needs to play like this more and the guys need to realize he's a top 30 player in the NBA that can light teams up with his skill set and his sound defense. I think he's finally turning it on and this franchise better build around him. The only setback to him is his personality in that he gets too down when he's not playing well or too passive. 27,7,7 is absolutely incredible, especially for a center. I'm not saying he should have made the All-Star team because he hasn't played well as of late, but he is definitely an All-star when he wants to be. It's also nice to Rudy play so well and Bayless finally having a good game. I did not like the defense, but it was good enough for the W. Go Grizz and good game Sixers fans.
emthomasjr::I think that the extra attention ZBo is getting since he has the All Star tag is almost forcing Marc to be more aggressive.  Teams are basically leaving him open to hit shots in his range and he made them pay tonight.
major red::Sixers/Celtics battle royale for the 8th seed
Broken j::Grizzlies are garbage. Traded away the wrong players.
Grindhouse2413::We miss Mo and Wayne but we are doing just fine. Thanks hater
1grizzfan4life::Negative. Keep hatin
roy2daboy::Man, I hate that I missed the game.  I'm glad the Grizz got the W!!!!!  GRIT N MOTHERFU..CKING GRIND GRIZZ NATION!!!!!!!
emthomasjr::Bruh, the first quarter was HORRIBLE!  I left to work out after it and recorded the rest of the game.  I had to FF to the end to see if we won first before watching the replay!  LOL.  I know it was wuss move.
utclindsay::Grizz fans, what do you think about the talks for trading Rudy. Looks like the Grizz would get an up and coming player (ed davis) and a player that averages like 11 points a game. I think it's a good move for the Grizz.
1grizzfan4life::Don't trade Rudy. He had a great game tonight but he's been contributing in other ways. I thought the Mo and Ellington trade was to keep the core intact.
emthomasjr::Nope.  Two things win in the NBA 1) Talent and 2) Chemistry.  Davis is a PF and does zilch to help us this year, probably the best chance we will have in a while to make a good run.  There is no trade available with enough talent to offset the chemistry hit that this team will take this year, so I really don't see any need to pull a trade at this point.  Not when Marc can go for 30 and JBay is hitting his double digit groove with the recent change in personnel.
doof54::If the Raptors want that trade to happen, they need to find a whole fistful of great draft picks, or another team that will give the Grizzlies more than that.
jpmemphis23::I think when he's making 34.3 million this year and next, with a 19.3 million player option in 2014-2015, you HAVE to trade him. I like him, but he's nowhere NEAR worth that. Not even close. AWFUL contract. He's a good player though.
Ryd3rr::On a completely unrelated topic, how gay is the name the Pelicans lol
Usarmy236::This is a game the sixers should have won
doof54::Nick Young couldn't get the tying shot off at the buzzer for the Sixers. ??  Give Big Marc more credit than that.  That was a heck of a block with the game on the line.  And to see Gasol fist pumping and talking smack at the buzzer/? Awesome.
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Mark Gasol=All-Star
gotigersmemphis87::Marc Gasol = Best Center in the league
The point center::celtics fans swear anybody wants pierce they think gay is coming for pierce lol
phunky58::if rudy goes, memphis' shot at a title run go out the window.  they would need to get sum1 like paul george for him
lrdThunda79::the only trade for rudy i will accept!
Agent_Provoc::gay raptor rudy, no  keep him memphis
picaac15::Its really sad that Sixers fans always complain that no one goes to Sixers games, when even they arent loyal.
goeaglesgosixers::A lot of fans attend games(myself included), even when losing, but a lot of ppl also aren't going to spend money to attend when the team is mediocre for a extended period of time, thats true of any city in any sport
clevin123::that was gays last game
lrdThunda79::not unless they smoking the same crack/meth combo you are...lol!
phunky58::they would be fools to trade him, who would be the extremely lucky team that would end up with him?
phunky58::so whats the story, is memphis really going to trade Rudy?
b-train187::No.
DBrownDrose::wow sixers
Ryd3rr::But in all seriousness!  . . . Like real talk now . . . Memphis, champions of 2013! :P
RNYC::Jerryd bayless is better than mike Conley.
Ryd3rr::I remember my first beer
pedrobear1::cocaine is a helluva drug
binkinainteasy::You high?
picaac15::But to be serious.  ET scored like the last 8 pts of the 3rd QT, then Doug stops running plays for him in the 4th.  If we somehow extended the game to 102-97 with like 1 minute left, we'd have won
picaac15::One last thing-   Sixers issues: Rebounds, Interior Defense, getting to the FT line, and a consistant rotation  Bynum - Rebounds, interior defense, gets to the FT line, always ready to play
kevino2468::correct
picaac15::Oh btw, free Big Macs
pedrobear1::you guys still get them even though you lost?
picaac15::Sometimes we're down 20 and the crowd goes crazy when we hit 100 even tho we lost 120-100
The point center::if it wasnt for ppl tearing ther acl's  the sixers would be irrelevant
picaac15::if only we could control that
picaac15::And also, please dont look at Hollinger's power rankings/ playoff odds and believe them.  Those are only stat based and they dont take into consideration at all injuries, back to back away games, etc.
picaac15::No reason AT ALL to be mad at the Sixers or to give up.  Memphis is a REALLY GOOD TEAM. To be 14 games over .500 in the West is hard. Even if the Knicks are the 2 seed, I'd take Memphis any day.  Also, we're 3 GB of a playoff spot with a very easy 6 games coming up and Boston just lost Rondo to an ACL injury. Mix that with a hard Boston schedule and believe me, we'll be 1 GB of the 8 seed by Bynum's return   I know we'll probably be an 8 or 7 seed again, but by the playoffs when Bynums full health, we'll be more like a 5 seed. Keep hopes up
pedrobear1::I liked
Ryd3rr::That's basketball IQ there, I am a Memphis fan. But it frustrates me when a fan gives up on there team. Especially when they are a strong team. Good comment Picaac!
Ryd3rr::It's shattering! I saw it in Memphis last year, makes me think if your not loyal to your team why bother?
picaac15::its hard to live in Philly sometimes when the fans dont look deeper than the box score
HayateHu::how does that count, layup missed or turnover?
Mets2410::it's pretty crazy how good of a passer Gasol is for a Center
27SFGiantsFan::i hope you guys don't trade Gay....
Ryd3rr::Oh god me too, I would be shattered!!!
potato623::Honestly this game cost us our whole season
Ryd3rr::Mmmm I don't believe that, cause you guys are about to see an opening, a chance to bump an 8th seed. That could be enough to pick up moral. I've seen worse teams come from lower to finish high.
BRAY5150::Memphis is overrated
Ryd3rr::Hmmm you can only really say there overrated when we don't win and get praise . . . Dunno if you saw the game before . . .
Nash_Memph_ville::is your screen name off Tyler Bray.. LMAO if it is.. you should have just named yourself (mediocre) instead..
pedrobear1::we missed you during the game
Flash Barrett::rockndoc2 Exactly. Alonzo Gee, Ellington, and a first. _________________________________________  Evan Turner aint worth all that
potato623::Hahaha, hell no I wouldn't take that trade
potato623::Alonzo Gee sounds like more of a rapper then a basketball player, the first is useless, and Elington sucks
