metam0rphism::Hoping you'll like it. Clips &amp; Lakers alike.    The Lakers Farm - http://wp.me/p1WYZM-1
metam0rphism::LOS ANGELES,  Hoping you'll like it. Clips &amp; Lakers alike.  The Lakers Farm - http://wp.me/p1WYZM-1
metam0rphism::Who's your MVP for this 2012 season?? Vote Now! http://wp.me/P1WYZM-s
ROMEO9O9::Dallas suck and Clippers are overrated garbage.
Sittinsidewayz121::Get a life
The Big Stroonzo49::yo yo yo
belldutch65::Dirk is BEAST
Clipshow07::No excuses here - World Champion Mavs outplayed us and Carlisle outcoached Vinny in this game. Credit the Mavs D forcing too many Clip turnovers, we gave up too many easy baskets and Randy Foye is absolute garbage and becoming a real Clipper killer. Blake went mental midget on us. Very ironic how in the first matchup Caron doesn't score and we win and last night he goes off and has a chance to win and we lose. Was happy to see we had a chance though.
mountainboy33::How does the Clippers like Kenyon Martin?
Jon Bon Jovi 66::As a Mavericks fan, I just can't see us beating the Thunder in a 7 game series come playoff time. And the Thunder are without a doubt the team to beat in the NBA right now.
Soonerhopeful1::Any thing is possible, but there are many many Mavs fans in OKC; and the main reason Cuban was one of the only two owners who voted against and objected to the SuperSonics move to OKC becoming then the Thunder.  A big market of fans for Cuban was mostly lost...A lot of fans are dedicated for a long Time..  OKC  has massive Lakers fans, which to me is a nauseous reality..          From Two or three years ago when claiming that, Clippers were my team.. No one doubted me, and just laughed; but now they all doubt fan Claims by Clippers fans as all " Bandwagon fans "!    Something all Clippers fans have to deal with...New Clippers Band wagon fans, 90% of the time will admit they're new Clippes fan ship.. No one should be doubted, about what team fan they are..
sc2bit::Sonnerhopeful1, For all I know you could be right about Dirk2XMVPs comments, but I must back him up here. Reason....If you look at Jon Bon Jovi 66 profile you will see hie is a supporter of OSU (which I am too and they got so rooked last year in football). With that in his list of teams he supports it might be safe to that he might not be a true Mavs fan. Most of the time if a post starts out with "I am a xxxxx fan, but" then you have to wonder if it is just trolling. But I could be wrong here...there is a 1st time for everyting
Soonerhopeful1::Mr. Dirk2xmvp.;      Dear Sir;... Are you really telling other people, who they should support as a fan...?    Making such judgements about others.!  If he is a Mav fan as he claims, then I say your not as smart ans you say; and the claim is but a defense mechanism of an " Inferiority complex"...   And I say your not an adult your a child,  at least as to adult behavior and mentality.  !  What a troll.
Dirk2XMVP::You're not a Mavs fan and if you are you should become an OKC fan then. As long as Westbrook is running the point guard position for the Thunder, Mavs will always have the advantage. Mavs already beat OKC once by 13 and then Durant beat the Mavs in a buzzer beater.
the702shogun::too bad we have to wait till march 29th to see it again
the702shogun::didn't miami beat down the mavs on opening night?
ceyman::Oh, you mean the same night they hung the NBA Champion banner in rafters...yeah...hey wasn't that series played against the Little Heat???
Dirk2XMVP::When new Mavs were not even used to each other. Right now I think the Mavs would beat the Heat
nba is the worst::Mavs continuing to improve.  Two dangerous teams...
UD Flyer Faithful::Dirk Nowitzki is one of the GREATEST players of all time...no hes not a michael jordan or magic johnson but to me he has proven to be clutch and is a team player...he doesnt do the flashy stuff and simply gets the job done...i may not be a mavs fan bu ti am definetly a fan of Dirk...keep it up man
Phenom92::Dirk had one of the greatest post-seasons of all time.  Don't confuse that with being one of the greatest players of all time.
Clipshow07::Totally agree, Dirk is awesome!
Theworldsgreatest23829::Im going to get laid tonight......
UD Flyer Faithful::make sure the trojian man is on your side
raven.5200::neat
Dirk2XMVP::Lebron will be asking for more help and he still will not win a ring.
Dirk2XMVP::Lebron will never win a ring cause he can't be clutch in the 4th like Dirk
Dirk2XMVP::Lebron is a born choker
raven.5200::HALFCOURT PRAYER FOR THREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Dirk2XMVP::Lebron = CHOKERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR in the 4th QUARTERRRRRRRRRR
ROMEO9O9::Your choking on Lebron.
raven.5200::THREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Dirk2XMVP::Lebron James sucks against Texas Teams  Lost to the Spurs 0-4 Lost to the Mavs 2-4  LBJ Finals Record: 2-8 LMAO
bbrocosta::nobody cares about lebron's record against texas team, its a useless stat
nrr maverick::I'm with raven.5200
raven.5200::Theres a team named Lebron James?Neat.
raven.5200::Yea but you mentioned one guy, not the team.
Dirk2XMVP::Talking about Lebron record dum.a.s.s
raven.5200::Dirk is falling down,throws up a prayer...  OH THEY GET LUCKY AGAIN FOR THREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Dirk2XMVP::you're seriously but hurt from that Finals beat down by the Mavs. Only if LBJ could be as clutch as Dirk in the 4th quarter
raven.5200::You mean as lucky as Dirk.
raven.5200::The Mavs are a lot like Duke,all they have is the 3 point shot.If its not going in theyre done.
ceyman::They also have rings, fool!
Texasgirl6200::Really raven?  Obviously, you don't watch the games.
Dirk2XMVP::Yea and the Heat has NONE
raven.5200::Terry closes his eyes and throws up a prayer.... ITS GOOD FOR THREEEEEEEEEEE
Dirk2XMVP::aww you mad your team got beat in the Finals  Do you still remember game 2 and that massive CHOKE job?
Dirk2XMVP::lol I would take Dirk over Lebron any day of the week
raven.5200::Please dont put Dirk in the same sentence as Kobe,thats just ignorant.
Dirk2XMVP::Lebron James seems to always shy away in the 4th quarter. He will never get a ring like kobe and dirk has since they don't hide in the 4th quarter like him
raven.5200::ok, i just booked it
Dirk2XMVP::Down 15. The Heat suck bro and LBJ will never win a ring with the Heat  BOOK IT
raven.5200::Nope just an observation.
raven.5200::The Dallas Globetrotters
Dirk2XMVP::Heat sucks bro and so do the ravens
Dirk2XMVP::Mavs vs Lakers 1st round of the Playoffs  Mavs with the SWEEEEEEEEEEP 2 in a row
raven.5200::Mavs wont make the playoffs.They rely too much on circus shots.
UD Flyer Faithful::bro you can rhyme in no time!!!
Dirk2XMVP::Yea you're right Heat Globetrotter has a ring to it
raven.5200::Globetrotters you mean
Dirk2XMVP::That is why the Mavs are currently the #4 seed in the playoffs dumba.s.s. The east is weak just like the heat
Phat_Freida_Bosh::LOL. The Lakers might not even make the playoffs. As of right now they are only 1.5 games up on 9th place.
meats29::The last 33 NBA Champions had a winning road record during the regular season
meats29::Most likely they will make it but they have serious issues. They have an awful bench but most of all they can not go on with the point guards they have. They don't get any offense from their point guards but defensively is where it's even a bigger issue. They just let 2 guys names Jeremy Lin and Jose Calderon post career highs in back to back games. When the playoffs come around and Fisher and Blake have to deal with Westbrook, Paul, Parker, Lawson, Lowry etc. it's not going to end well. This needs to be fixed and it's needed to be fixed for 2 years now.
Birdmann._.::don't make yourself sound stupid.  At least name the 8 teams better than the lakers for them not to make it  season just started btw really bad to judge by how many games back/ahead they are.  Maybe spam that when there are 15 games left
MadddSammyboy::"season just started"  The season's almost halfway over. It's too late for Laker-heads to play the 'early in the season' card.
BudaLuck::Lakers vs OKC in the Western Finals. No way in hell Kobe would let the Clippers beat him in a series.
Birdmann._.::it really depends what match up they end up with since the west is all discombobulated
Oxfordian Theory::The Lakers won't be making it out of the first round, unfortunately.
BudaLuck::Because Kobe has help and didnt in 05-07. If you think the Lakers get beat in the 1st Round that isnt happening.
Oxfordian Theory::the last time the Lakers had such a low winning percentage (2005-07) they were out in the first round.  why couldn't they do the same thing now?
BudaLuck::Wrong!
TimeToTeachYouSomething::Really too bad Kome is only 1 player and he is sucking this year
Oxfordian Theory::What you're talking about is called "True Shooting Percentage".  Kobe's TS% this year is 53.3%.  LeBron's is 61.4%.  Kobe has never had a True Shooting Percentage over 58%.
BudaLuck::Actually 46% is good considering he is 84% from the line as well lifetime. 46% is like shooting 11/24 and look at what he does in the clutch, he has been 47% several times too if you round up on his %stat 469 is 47%
Oxfordian Theory::Kobe had several of Shaq's championship teams around him and still never shot better than 46%.
BudaLuck::LeBron has a better team around him alot easier to get easy baskets.
TimeToTeachYouSomething::And shot attempts by 5 LOL. Check Lebrons field goal percentage vs. Kome LOL
BudaLuck::He leads the league in the scoring
johndaker55::I would love a first round matchup of Clippers/Lakers.. maybe we see it in the second? If the Lakers make it there....
Michael Dwayne Vick::What happened to all the Clippers fanboys who were shouting that Randy Foye was the best thing since sliced bread?  Any of you care to come out of the woodworks to defend against claims that people were overrating him?
truesportfanman::It's nice the clippers are finally making good use of their #2 spot at Staples.
smr1274@gmail.com::and still making good use of their 1# spot in first place in the Pacific, too!
Frank38443::Clips = .500 ball club without Chauncey. Hey Griffin, nice FT shooting ace.
smr1274@gmail.com::Yeah cause everyone else in the NBA is shooting 80%  free throws i guess.
Ali-champ::What a dunk by good ole' Vince Carter!
MKG_Floater::Can anyone explain to me why cp3 got 6 minutes less playing time then mo williams?
R Bond::He got D'd by the Matrix.  Mo' was being more effective til he started turning it over.
LightSpeed1000::cp3 sucked tonight id1ot
truesportfanman::Because he kept throwing the ball away.
Frank38443::I dunno, Vinny Del Negro is awful?
pennyh1111::all you suspect mavs fans hating on blake griffin because he is a up and coming star sound stupid... Stop hatin because your team is 100 yrs old.. about to get taking off life support... And dirk was the MVP in his second year right? or even in his 5th season...jealousy is not healthy
smr1274@gmail.com::So funny, people pissing on a guy in only his 2nd full season in the league, lol. Karl Malone was godawful from the foul line his first 2 years and he improved afterward. Blake can too.
zburris::Griffin needs to improve his shot
illinidrugy11::I hate F U C K $@%!$ who leave stupid comments then dont respond...
Phat_Freida_Bosh::Yeah, we're all jealous of his 2-9 FT shooting. He cost you guys the game. lol.
Sittinsidewayz121::LaMarcus and Love are better than him..... he cant shoot period.... he forces shots on double teams.... he has the best point guard in the game giving him open shots... why dont you study something instead of pretending to know..
Snakes_::what?   don't assume that anybody hating on griffin is a mavs fan simply because they lost to them tonight.   and you don't honestly believe that griffin will win MVP this year.... do you?
pepe101245::Blake Griffin is not the best Power Forward in the game right now......
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::i'm out, gn all
konekt74::easy f in money boys
hartmaja::Dear Blake Griffin, please stop going 2-9 from the charity stripe. That was horrendous.
shabb1t::And he seemed tired. Everything was so short for a long time.
kezmicdust::Just an off night. He was 22/27 in the previous 4 games. Something gets in his head and he couldn't shake it tonight.
Do The Zombie Stomp::Nash is getting traded to the Magic for Nelson. Next year Deron Williams will be Nash's back up point guard and Josh Smith is coming also you heard it from me 1st Nash J-Rich Josh Smith R. Anderson  D.Howard sixth man D-Will
R Bond::That's not a bad trade for Orlando.  It will make Howard more effective immediately.  Then Nash will be backing up D-Will or they play 1-2 like CP3 &amp; Chauncey did.  Nash &amp; J-Rich together again?...Is that legal?  Nelson gives Phoenix a younger player with more stamina and if they get Brooks back, that a pretty good back court.  Nelson &amp; Gortat together again!
Ali-champ::What is your source for the Nash for Nelson trade?
Snakes_::lol
DirkNowitzki4President::After the Mavs play Denver, the next 4 games are nationally televised against decent opponents
natskivna::Nice stretch of games for you all.
Way Klaro::Good night! Excited about Lin's next headline! :)
natskivna::Meh, my team beat him.
Mightymoose02::Jeremy Lin is on fire
eliassteve::-
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::gn, i hate hearing about lins next headline
DirkNowitzki4President::Can't wait when the Mavs play the Knicks
THE JEFFERNATER::Since '91 how many teams have actually won a title?  7?
zburris::since 1980, only the Lakers and teams from Texas have won the West and the Finals...
natskivna::Heat, Mavs, Celtics and Pistons only won 1.    Even harder to win multiple titles.
eliassteve::They deserved the ring that year. The team was really good back then and their talent level would have beaten all of the champs over the past decade.
Mightymoose02::they can have one.... except Chris Webber sucks.
eliassteve::and Kings 02 should have 1 too.
natskivna::I imagine Heat fans are saying they shoulda won 2.
Mightymoose02::Mavs should have TWO LOL... Miami should have ZERO.   oh well.
Mightymoose02::Chicago Bulls Los Angeles Lakers San Antonio Spurs Miami Heat Houston Rockets Dallas Mavericks Boston Celtics Detroit Pistons
THE JEFFERNATER::So in 23 season only 8 different teams.. Winning a title is harder than people think. Obviously.
Mightymoose02::or teams are just flat out stupid.   given the Mavericks' transactions over the years... there are have been ridiculously stupid ones.
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::8?
eliassteve::Not many. Usually Boston, LA wins it. If you are a lucky one, maybe win one or two here and there. SA won because of Duncan and Admiral and Ginobli. It wont happen again.
eliassteve::Agree with you. But Duncan was a lottery pick. They dont win without him no matter how many good second round picks you have. Dont think Kwai Leonard is a great pick.
Mightymoose02::they win because they know how to draft and acquire good talent.
THE JEFFERNATER::and Boston..
THE JEFFERNATER::Bulls, Rockets, Spurs, Lakers, Pistons, Heat, Mavs.. Who else?
natskivna::Bulls, Rockets, Spurs, Lakers, Mavericks, Heat, Pistons, Celtics
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::LA, BOS, DAL, MIA, SA, CHI, DET, HOU?
Mightymoose02::u beat me to it but you are missing HOUSTON
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::Damn it suns
eliassteve::OKC is a run and gun team built for regular season. Everyone gets caught up in flash and hype of the run and gun style. OKC beat Memphis and lost a 6 game series against LA and got a rising ovation for it. That is OKC's resume.
Mightymoose02::OKC doesn't really have a resume. LOL  why you guys picking on them?
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::go suns
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::Oh yeah I forgot, the Warriors are horrible closing out games
natskivna::11 straight years of 50+ wins..... 2 finals appearances and 1 title.  Is that overachieving or underachieving?
illinidrugy11::Why is mightymouse commenting on all this s h i t, must be an L.A. fan. I know it hurts brother.
hartmaja::I'd say the Mavs are doing well, but if you want to compare to a similar team the Spurs have 12 straight 50 win seasons and 4 rings during that span.
natskivna::The point is, if you are good enough to win 50+ every years, perhaps you should have more hardware than one trophy.    On the other hand, they are pretty much the only franchise with that many seasons with that many wins.
Mightymoose02::yeah Nowitzki wasn't exactly doing his job either.
Way Klaro::1990s Knicks of today will hardly reach 0.5
Mightymoose02::Doesn't change the fact that both franchises have underachieved given their level of success in the regular season.
DirkNowitzki4President::Since Mark Cuban bought the Mavs in 2000 we have been a great team
Mightymoose02::I like Cuban +1
Mightymoose02::UNDER... lol.   It's the 1990s Knicks but with a title!
Mightymoose02::I got over it. Just funny how cocky some of you Mavericks fan have become.   It's actually kinda sad to witness.
DirkNowitzki4President::^ This laker fan is still mad his team got swept 0-4 by the Mavs
THE JEFFERNATER::No it would be like the Clippers going on a decades long tear and winning a title.. The Mavs were a joke 12 years ago.. Now they are contenders year in year out.
THE JEFFERNATER::It's great considering what this team did in the '90's.
DirkNowitzki4President::Reason OKC will not win a title ----------------&gt; Russel westBRICK
Way Klaro::I laugh how happy the mavs if westbrick will jump shoot the ball and ignoring the open team mates!
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::as long as mia or lac don't win it i'm fine
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::anybody else think the warriors should be a good team? they have ellis, curry, lee, and good shooting.
DirkNowitzki4President::Wouldn't mind the Mavs picking up Ellis
natskivna::Saying they have ellis, curry, lee AND good shooting is redundant.  Do they have a bench?  Can they defend?  Do they run the offense to perfection?  Can they rebound?  Those are the questions the answer to is still....no.
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::they have some great shooters coming off the bench. Rebounding, defense, and running the offense are all peoblems they have.
eliassteve::Ellis would have to grow a Barron Davis pirate beard for them to be good.
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::i don't like them but they should be better
Mightymoose02::Monta Ellis needs to be traded for better role players to surround Curry. Lee would be a #4 guy on a playoff team.
