Ric Mcfuc::So you asked what's changed over the last 2 games huh. Well Melo has.  Over the last 2 games Melo has averaged 19.5 on 63% shooting, 10.5 rebounds and even 5 assist. Team play.  6 players in double figure against Nets and 7 tonight. He finally woke up, there are others on the court. As a team they look better this way, they shot 57% against Nets and 53% tonight.  Well balanced, all this in comparison to  his 26.3 on 42% shooting and leading the league in shot attempts with 22.2 per game, 2.5 assist.  Big difference when you don't shoot as much and get everyone involved instead of standing around watching what Melo is going to do.
Vartino C::Nice to get another win in a a blowout style. In short like I said before the Brooklyn game it doesn't matter win or lose, this is a process. Not getting excited. They are FINALLY moving the ball and hitting 3's but again both teams, Nets and Magic are struggling. We need to put things in perspective.
Khemru::Hey Knicks look good 2nd night in a row with Carmelo taking less shots.
L.E.S. the lower::Good win,another streak stopped,and a new one started,2 in a row.Win the games you should and before you know it your back in it. This does not translate to winning a champlonship.all it means is building a winner through-out the adversity. Yet the ANALyst and the degenerates are at full throttle saying that the star has shot less,and that's why we have won. Can we stop complaining about Bargnani's defense. Blocking shots of DHoward,Lopez,and anyone trying to drive pass him. Give credit where credit is due...
EDGARDO::Can't help but notice the even hours played by Knicks players then win.  Lesson: you do not need a star player who hug the ball like its his balls.  You need player coordination and ball movement.  This is why Jeremy Lin kicked #$%$ during the Linsanity period.
donald::38 point win and Chris Smith still can't see the court.  Does he at least fetch water and towels at timeouts?
Barry::Melo has not taken a shot in the 3rd quarter and yet the Knicks are outscoring their opponent 20-9.  Will somebody plz tell Melo this is how your team wins ballgames!
JM::as i can see orlando lost because Nikola Vucevic is injured... orlando's center is that damn good so many moves just like hakeem olajuwon :D
Ted::They are clubbing baby seals. The Nets and Magic aren't exactly elite competition.
brett::There's a Youtube video called MIND BENDING THUMB BENDING where Dwight Howard gets hit in the head with a basketball.
