The_Iron_Fist::Wow...take a look at that Fouls line... Fouls (Tech/Flagrant)	25 (0/0)	11 (0/0)  Sixers with 25 to Atlanta's 11. How does that seem like it happens every night for the Sixers?
onthemic79::Well, looks like we'll be enjoying the 4th or 5th seed again.  Cmon Hawks...jesus...
Chris 5 yards after contact Ivory::Fendretti4 is a bum real talk
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
Fendretti4::Oh have i missed the braves fans...tomahawk was such a conversation changer in baseball that I might listen to him during basketball season...then again...NOPE. Good luck buddy
J-SMOOVE2020::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7f8ar63
Fendretti4::I am not a big fan of the NBA. I can't stand watching a bunch of individuals play for money. Play the game as it suppose to be played. Having said that, the Sixers are the 1st team in the last 10-15 years that play (and win) with a team gameplan and are fundamentally sound. Im proud that this is my team. No Kobe, Lebron, D Rose, Melo, etc. to show boat and NOT WIN...This is getting old. Sixers are the new school
rickknowsall::the sixers need a big time all-star in order to truly compete w/ Miami, Chicago, Dallas and San Antonio.  The team is deep, plays the right way and is improving but  they have a ceiling right now adn that is the 2nd round or conference finals. It may only take one addition though to get this team with those other teams.
Flyerfan1335::Hmmm wrong look at the Pistons in 04-05.
TomaHawk238::the players you mentioned have won a heck of a lot
Fendretti4::The only one I mentioned that won an NBA title was Kobe...the 1st 3 were bc of Shaq. The next 2 were bc of David Stern but he is still good. The lakers are the closest thing to the Sixers when it comes to team play. This is my point
tbomber2::denver... portland... indiana...
Fendretti4::D Rose did Chicago a lot of good. Thats what everyone needs. A PG that shoots too much and is not a good shooter. The Bulls won't win another championship until they trade Rose for a couple REAL baseketball players...but hold on to him. You will be so happy with 4th place lol
L E G O A T::and NOT win? The Bulls won 60 games last year. D Rose is far from a show boater, sounds like you dont watch much basketball. The Sixers wont do sh** this year because you NEED a go to player like Kobe, Bron, Rose , etc. to win.
mj8648::hawks are not bad........it's just sixers are better....
Demonjoe93::Come on guys, the only players I was impressed with was Jeff Teague (most improved player in NBA apparantely) and Ivan Johnson who puts way more effort in the game than Smith and Johnson combined. Ivan Johnson was beast tonight and if Smith doesn't start improving than I can see the Hawks trading him and making Johnson the starter if that guy just keeps getting better.
TomaHawk238::Ivan can't start and josh is going nowhere.  Just have patience and wait for Mr. Horford to come back.  We have 0 healthy centers worth starting right now
twilaubiefan::Would love a Smith trade.. He's the worst.
twilaubiefan::Don't get me wrong.. Ivan Johnson is probably my favorite player in the league. Teague is in the Top 5. But when I see Smith and Joe Johnson missing a shot and not hustling to get back on defense, it irks me.
Demonjoe93::The only production I saw out of him tonight was shot blocking, other then that he was terrible.
J-SMOOVE2020::I am sick of losing by double digits at home.  BUT, it kinda demoralizes the team when our management wont sign a big when Horford and Collins are out.  We are way too small right now
TomaHawk238::Braves' owners are one step away from ASG, and the lightning have been way better than the Thrashers were.  Plus the Sucks (sorry I am still a falcon fan) did win a superbowl
TomaHawk238::but we do love Arthur
germania29::falcons owner is good.. the rays have a low budget,lightning suck
TomaHawk238::so the question is, is it better to have money and spend it elsewhere or not have any at all?  Lol both teams need new owners who are committed to winning, that's for sure...
germania29::but its not going to the bucs!! lol
TomaHawk238::lol at least there's money somewhere there...
germania29::lol..the glazers are focused on manchester united rather than the bucs
germania29::nope my bucs are worse
TomaHawk238::lol when the bucs owners sue each other over a free agent acquisition, and buy the lightning and then sell them to canada, then we can talk
TomaHawk238::not our management, it's the ownership
TomaHawk238::worst ownership group in sports
J-SMOOVE2020::ASG
fhymson42::Heat are honestly the only team in the NBA that I am afraid of in the NBA as a sixers fan.
BoobieSqueeze::Remember that the Bulls were 3-0 vs. the Heat last regular season but got dominated in the playoffs 4-1. Especially since it's a condensed season, the regular season means even less on how good the team actually is in the playoffs.
TGPhilly919::Defense wins championships. A true statement regardless of the sport. The Sixers play the best team defense in the NBA. Igoudala may be the best one on one defender in the league. To beat the Sixers, especially in a series, you're going to need multiple players that can consistently make less-than-ideal shots. The Miami Heat are the only team in the East that seems to have that capability. The Sixers can stop the Bulls, Hawks, Knicks, etc., but when Wade, Lebron, and Bosh are all clicking, there's not a lot you can do about it.   I can see the Sixers and Heat playing for the East title.
Blake8853::This is when people make absolutely no sense with their arguments.. I would much rather see a team like the Bulls in a 7 game series then a team like Philly, or the Nuggets for that matter.. Both Philly and Denver are the type of teams that are built for the playoffs as apposed to regular season play. You have a better chance at beating them during one occasion then having to beat them 4 times in a series, because they have too much depth that WILL absolutely contribute on a nightly basis..
Jganon93::the bulls are 0-3 in their last 3 meetings, lets see the bulls beat us once in the regular season before you start talking about playoffs
TomaHawk238::maybe not wipe the floor with them, but I just don't see Philly scoring enough against Chi defense in a 7 game series.  Also D Rose will have at least 3 games where he's unstoppable.  Philly is deep, but they don't have that go to guy that can command a double and get easy baskets for others
JeffMiller1984@yahoo.com::Alright, but that still doesn't mean the Bulls would "wipe the floor" with the Sixers in a 7 game series.
TomaHawk238::Well the hawks could have easily beaten the bulls twice this year, regular season means little
JeffMiller1984@yahoo.com::How do you figure the Bulls are that much better? Sixers won the season series last year and beat them pretty good the other night.
TomaHawk238::Sorry, but the bulls will wipe the floor with philly in a 7 game series
Blazelover13::YES! Hawes is back! Perfect, now this team can keep rocking and rolling. Another beautiful win. My predictions for this seven-game stretch has been spot-on thus far. I predicted wins over Orlando, Chicago, Atlanta, LA Clippers and San Antonio, with the only two losses coming to Miami and LA Lakers. So far, they're 3-1, with three more to go. Jot it down, people. The Sixers will be 5-2 after this tough stretch. They are clearly the best team in the East. Yes, they can't beat Miami...but, Miami can't be Milwaukee, while Philly can. So, yeah, the Sixers are better. This team is just gonna keep improving more and more.
NeonDeon11::The Sixers are doing such a good job because of their coaching.  Collins is making everyone buy into the team mentality with great ball movement and defense.  That's why you see a different top scorer every night with 5-7 players in double figures.
darwinislord::Man, Hawks have looked really dismal lately. Is this the same old Hawks that I've come to know and hate year after year after year?
twilaubiefan::Yes, it is..
germania29::your scared like a little btch
TheSportsDude2011::Lakers wish they can have the sixer bench.....  Sixers bench is saucy!
ezbkhooper1031::what was the 2nd half spread for hawks?
joespreads::-5.5
twilaubiefan::I'm done.. The Hawks consistently get my hopes up. It's about the only thing they do consistently. The management is awful. The team is full of scrubs that play with no effort, excluding Ivan. I will not spend another penny on Hawks merchandise, tickets, etc. I'm not watching any more games for the rest of the year. One down year would be okay, but five straight years of being mediocre does not fly with me. I'm heading to my second favorite team: OKC. They'll win five championships before Atlanta wins a goddamn playoff series.
Demonjoe93::What about Teague? He played pretty good again.
twilaubiefan::Oh my $@%!$@% god. Tell me Josh Smith and Joe Johnson aren't selfish! Joe gets the ball and tries to work his magic. Some nights it works, other nights it doesn't. You can't win a championship like that.
TomaHawk238::you obviously didn't watch this team this year before al went down if you think it is selfish
twilaubiefan::You're right.. I do like Teague. He's a good, upcoming star in the league. I'm just so frustrated with this Hawks team. It's the selfish players mixed with ASG. I hate it. We have a good team. We just can't execute and fill our needs. It saddens me.
TomaHawk238::people, horford is injured!  This team has been resilient this season but they are going to lose games to tough deep teams along the way.  A 16-8 record is great so far...
germania29::i agree..
twilaubiefan::And btw, I've been patient and loyal for 10+ years. The management has $@%!$@ us up the $@%. Don't believe me? Have fun cheering for an underachieving Hawks team. Enjoy your first-round exit from the playoffs.
twilaubiefan::Been an OKC/Seattle fan for 7 years. No band wagon here. Just focusing on a better team is all.
germania29::go jump on the bandwagon
KingGeorge53::Perfect definition of band wagon.   No Patience.   No Loyalty.
twilaubiefan::Hehe. I'm sure you do, big fella.
germania29::i eat cowards like you for breakfast
twilaubiefan::I could care less.. I cheer for winners. The Hawks are not winners. Suck it!
darwinislord::They gave big contracts to the wrong players.
Tylerg424::You're alright?
Tylerg424::The Hawks are trash
twilaubiefan::This game pushed me over the $@%!$@% edge.
Iladelphia::Good win for the Sixers after a big ole collapse against the Heat. The Heat seem to be the one team they just can't handle. Hawes and Vuc come back and have nice games
allroy1313::Well, most people were predicting the Heat to win the title this year, so losing to them when you're missing your starting and second-string centers isn't the end of the world. It's just going to come down to who is healthiest come playoff time this year. The East will probably be represented by whichever team gets through the playoffs healthy.
bigjoe93atl2::Alright guys, I'm out. The hawks better figure out something for the paint.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Hawks are terrible. Josh Smith is worthless. He has almost no positive impact on a game.
tbonecfp::J Smith is a typical athelete with no pride, he gets a truckload of  money and has no incentive to work hard to be the best player he can be other than his pride and the challenge to compete with the best. He just took the money and goes through the motions. He does not work on his game and does not care. He has his money. He's not the first, and sure won't be the last!!
outlawjoseywhales1981::Bigjoe... I want the Hawks out of the league. They can't even get 10,000 to show up at their game. Put them out of their misery.
outlawjoseywhales1981::7 blocks in a blow out loss. He is also stats and little actual impact.   2-11 shooting.
forest39::in the words of sir charles barkley, Smith is turrible
CoreyGallagherArt::Good shot blocker at least, had 7
bigjoe93atl2::Why do you care? You've been doing this for years with no feasable motive! Are you 'srussi2003'?
robkaos7::Vucevic looks to be one of the better players from a trash 2011 NBA Draft.
tbonecfp::He looks like the real deal - Vucevic that is ... he plays with a lot of poise, knows how to play the game and has good size to go along with strong fundamentals. He comess from good stock. He will be a nice player.
fhymson42::kyrie irving is the only player from this draft that will ever pan out to be a star... and even that is somewhat of a reach
kblaw1::how is the draft trash?  you need to do more studying son
CoreyGallagherArt::And Lavoy Allen, Allen has the fourth highest efficiency rating of all rookies, Vuce at 6, so good draft for the Sixers amid a terrible draft class.
Claude Giroux28::hawes and vuc back just in time for the lakers monday
domonick V3::the hawks fans at the arena r trurble  they didnt get hype at anything
robkaos7::Vucevic looks to be one of the better players from a trash 2011 NBA Draft.
domonick V3::the hawks fans at the arena r trurble  they didnt get hype at anything
bigjoe93atl2::I'm at home, and I gotta tell ya, there wasn't much to get hyped about.
bigjoe93atl2::wow Korzagg, I though you were more informed then that. We're all bandwagoners? "Splain"....
Frank Reynolds 5::Good game for the Sixers
forest39::I was bored so I simulated the NBA season like 50 times using NBA 2k12, and for some reason the sixers traded for aldrige in 16 of those simulations
forest39::and also apparently the heat have a 1 in 3 chance of winning the finals
Fendretti4::nah...i like this team
forest39::not saying it would or evn should happen, it was just intersting that his name came up so many times
Tylerg424::You spelled ALDRIDGE wrong
fhymson42::Everybody watch out, The Grammar Police are here!
forest39::sorry
forest39::meeksu was in most trades, and then there was only one random person,meeks was the only consistent part of the trade for aldrige
Tylerg424::DEAL
Tylerg424::cool.
Flyguys 3.0::that would be nice :)
Tylerg424::cool
Fendretti4::wow that would be nice but who would the sixers trade?
forest39::it seemed jodie meeks was invloved alot
Fendretti4::Good luck to all you Hawk fans that were really cool tonight...better than the braves fans i have chatted with during baseball season
bigjoe93atl2::yea man, I'll catch u guys on the MLB boards...
bigjoe93atl2::yea man, I'll catch u guys on the MLB boards...
bigjoe93atl2::outlawjoseywhales, so we meet again. This guy has been trolling the hawks since at least 2009, he lives to hate the hawks...
MirBay_Watson::Have you seen the Charlotte Bobcats?
MirBay_Watson::Have you seen the Charlotte Bobcats?
outlawjoseywhales1981::They're an insult to the game of basketball. Especially Josh Smith. They don't get much worse than him.
domonick V3::wizards bobcats toronto kings
domonick V3::Just Like Bill Live To Hate The Sixers
215mike::lol i just looked at the box score. Iggy was 2 rebounds and 1 assist away from a triple double lol
DaKing0325::he shot horrid today tho
215mike::oops 1pt...
Fendretti4::Got the bigs back...time to roll guys...lets get the number 1 seed
robkaos7::Magic Johnson may want to re-do his horrid rankings. The Atlanta Hawks aren't even close to the Sixers.
Blazelover13::Nor are the Celtics, Bulls, or Pacers. The Sixers indeed just can't seem to handle the Heat at the moment, but Magic is an idiot for disrespecting the Sixers.
Flyguys 3.0::pa pa pa pa pa pa power!
Frank Reynolds 5::Big game for the pale guys
fisher32::Vucevic went to USC...a product of the NCAA system before he came to the Sixers...not from some Eurobasket team.
Flyguys 3.0::hawes is the only true white man. vucevic is foreign i think
tbonecfp::So Vucevic is "foreign", that does not mean he can't be white. All the "white" people in the US are the offspring of the"foreigners" who at some  point settled in the US. That said, of course Vucevic is white as are many of the foreigners from Europe. White, Black, Latino, Asian, we are all the same. The majority of the NBA is Black, for simple reason, they are the best basketball players overall, for many many reasons, primarily many of them grow up in the inner cities, and it is a simple game to play, and not expensive. All you need is a ball and ten guys. I personally don't care about color, just character, work ethic and talent, in that order.
Tylerg424::RACIST
Tylerg424::Yea, I know
Frank Reynolds 5::How? It is true
MirBay_Watson::So, philly goes to 5-5 vs. .500 teams.  Not bad for a team that "hasn't beaten anyone" all year.
MirBay_Watson::Nah, cut that out. the Hawks are a SOLID playoff team. Philly's just better.  Plus, they took out the Pacers, Bulls, AND Magic...So shut that noise up.
TheNest953::yeah but they are 16-8 overall. If they beat up on bad teams, then that is the definition of a "solid playoff team". Not a great or even very good team, but definitely solid
outlawjoseywhales1981::Watson... The Hawks are 3-8 against teams with a winning record. That does not make for a "solid playoff team". That makes for a pretender.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Watson... The Hawks are 3-8 against teams with a winning record. That does not make for a "solid playoff team". That makes for a pretender.
Tylerg424::Now were talking
Tylerg424::BULLS?
outlawjoseywhales1981::The Hawks aren't a good team.
CoreyGallagherArt::Sixers have lost by only 3.6 ppg against .500 teams bar the Heat losses, we don't match up with the Heat. 4-2 in last 6 against above .500 both losses to Heat, 4-0 otherwise minus Miami.
Flyguys 3.0::17-7 is o so nice
domonick V3::sixer wanted lost to games in a row let go
domonick V3::i mean the havent lost 2 games in a row srry
MirBay_Watson::I think he means Sixers didn't want to lose two straight.
GMAC1969::huh?
Flyguys 3.0::good game hawks fans. good win after last night
Frank Reynolds 5::Refs sucked
forest39::refs in all sports have really sucked the last few years, I dont know what it is but  its really annoying
tbonecfp::I agree with you 100%. I think a big part of the problem is that instant reply are available at the arenas, football &amp; baseball fields and the plays can be seen seconds after they happen in slow motion from five different angles. They're mistakes are exposed immediately to the point where a lot of them are afrain to even blow the whistle.
Fendretti4::I know...if they had called the game correctly it would have been a 30 point win
bigjoe93atl2::great game everyone except Korzagg and Killah. You guys incite more arguments from ATL fans than Rob Parker, lol. GL in the playoffs Philly... ( WTF didi I just say?)
domonick V3::eat the hatertots
Korzagg::Drink the hateraide
Korzagg::Well see it was your Atlanta fanbases that had both our names banned for no reason. No respect at all for Atlanta fans from me. Bandwagon fans get no love
bigjoe93atl2::"Just speaking facts"   Korzagg
bobHALO 30.1::Good Game Hawks fans!  Sixers fans, this is what we needed after a bad game last night!
BillOntario_500.5::Game.
MirBay_Watson::Sixers.
Tylerg424::WHO WON NOW?
aduysbv::Pepsi and budweiser make some of the worst commercials ever.
aduysbv::Oh yeah. Them too.
bobHALO 30.1::McDonalds is the WORST
Philly All Day.::Why does that national media give our fans such a bad rep?  We expect greatness, and if our teams aren't going to show it, we aren't afraid to show our anger.
MirBay_Watson::Most cities are scared. They think that the fans should support them, thick and thin.  Nah. I support people who WORK for it. I don't mind the losing, but a sucky effort ticks me off.
blk_polo::because you are not relevant...no disrespect, just true
Flyguys 3.0::they act like we r the only fanbase that boos or fights
bobHALO 30.1::Because they're need a villan
bigjoe93atl2::We're like the Braves with RISP, can't get that big blow, to knock in some runs...
MirBay_Watson::And THAT....is game.
Frank Reynolds 5::Yea I think so
Flyguys 3.0::sweet lou
bigjoe93atl2::Louie, Louie, Louie...
Claude Giroux28::iggy is putting up some ugly shots
