Baby J.Cole::http://xat.com/ESPNPeople
TAC0REV::Corbin only played Watson seven minutes tonight, and it only took a 9-0 Charlotte run to get him to yank Watson from the game. Then with the Burks/Hayward backcourt I've been begging for all season, the Jazz went on a 10-0 run. That's the biggest improvement I've seen from Corbin since he got the head coaching job. The next step would be to DNPCD Watson for the rest of the season.
TAC0REV::What's sad is that I'm now getting excited that Corbin has begun to make a couple of simple decisions that any competent coach -- ANY coach with half a brain -- would have made during his first week on the job. "Watson is terrible... I think I'll bench him." But no, it took him two and a half years, and we won't even know until a few more games have passed whether or not he really actually did learn it or not.
Darkflame07::Wait, you mean Corbin (this being his first full NBA season) is learning just like the young players? That's crazy!
col_10::agree 100%. in fact lets start alec and strictly monitor tinsleys time as he is not our future. i have been a huge anti-corbin guy from the getgo lets give the guy some credit, there is some definite improvement with the rotations, not the starting lineup!!!!
Real_Salt Lake::You can tell Burks is improving every game with these minutes he's getting. Who'd a thought
RZA_CONSOLE::bobcats - get a real center!
MasterIchiro::My Bobcats are rising in the draft.  I think 1-5 teams are guaranteed to get an impact player.  There is no superstar in this draft.  Shabazz has a high profile but McLemore may turn out to be the player who translates best on the next level in the long-term.  I would be happy with either one.  Noel and Zeller would be fine as well.
Loosole::Jazz fans, who do you think the odd man out should be between Ma. Williams and Carrol?
col_10::neither. lets make the odd men out watson as a DNPCD and tinsley 7-10 mins a game. Then shift alec down to the 1 along with foye sparingly. then ya got gordy at the 2 and ma will and demarre using their different skill set at the 3....
Darkflame07::Carrol. Williams is a pretty good wing defender and shoots a better % from 3. Although Carrol gets the hustle rebounds on the offensive end.
Bobcats Bandwagon::Tough loss for the Cats tonight. We really need to pick up a marquee scorer to get us buckets down the stretch. Thats the piece keeping us from contending for the playoffs
JPHoks1981::Hayward stroking it again tonight from 3. Burks nice game as well. I will stop hating on him pretty soon if he keeps this up. I Think Marvin should be the odd man out.
dishnetkid::some people can't get away from Burks so called "too cool for school" stigma he was labeled with when he left Colorado early.   It's good to see him play more, its been frustrating watching him sit on the bench all year.
scow79::It makes it more frustrating when he plays like he's been playing.  9 points, 3 rebounds, 1.5 assists in 20 minutes over his last 5 games and his assists should go up if he continues to get minutes running the point.
scow79::DeMarre is the odd man out.
scow79::And why hate on Burks in the first place?
7BAUGHLLIN7::i think marvin feels like the odd man out the way hes been lookin.
chris53181::TCluvcarpanthers Steals and blocks do not define a player defensively.   I know what you mean but i got to see a little bit of defense on the stat sheet if we take him let's say  30 steals and 10-20 blocks
TCluvcarpanthers::I understand, I understand. I just like his long-term upside and his hustle (similar to MKG).
chris53181::TCluvcarpanthers  Shabazz offence is plain and he has no defense in all his games this year he only has 5 steals and 0 blocks
TCluvcarpanthers::Steals and blocks do not define a player defensively.
JTorcasso::Just look at the starters points compared to the bench players. Dont you bobcats fans think either gordon or henderson should start over jeff?
scow79::GG Bobcats.   You're team has to be given credit for not giving up.  They could have easily just quit after that run the Jazz went on in the 2nd.  You've got two good building blocks in MKG and Kemba.   I'm not sold on Biyombo, but he's still young.  I'm also not sure why Henderson doesn't get more minutes.
TCluvcarpanthers::It was a good game. Hope to see Big Al traded soon so Millsap and Favors can beast on the league.
JTorcasso::GG to Jazz fans, i was expecting a closer game, but your frontcourt is too good for us
7BAUGHLLIN7::I think it has to do to the system also.. Every team plays to its strengths.. If the jazz played to its strength every game they'd have the best front court in the league
Boris_Bryson558579::Woohoo Draft time for Today:  http://tinyurl.com/free-nba-entry2
chris53181::Look at what McLemore just did i mean if the bobcats can get him do you think we pass or pick him up?
TCluvcarpanthers::It depends where we pick. If we get #1, I say Shabazz but if McLemore is BPA after that we should get him.
TCluvcarpanthers::That went well. Played good against a playoff team. Kemba and MKG had nice games. That's all I can ask for. At 20 years old, Biyombo was overmatched against two borderline All-Stars in Big Al and Millsap so I didn't expect a huge game from him.
TheJTram::Yall just need another big man that can defend the paint. Biyombo's a good shot blocker but yall need a true 5 unless Biyombo adds maybe 15-20 lbs of muscle to build up
TheJTram::Biyombo's pretty undersized to play the 5
TCluvcarpanthers::His 7'7 wingspan makes up for it. When he gains more muscle and fills out his frame, he'll be good to go.
Grantox::dang bobcats on the way back into this
chris53181::If we get the trail blazers pick do we go sg then pf or pf then sg?
TCluvcarpanthers::A PF (like Isaiah Austin from Baylor). With our first pick, Shabazz!
scow79::How do you guys get Portland's pick?
TCluvcarpanthers::If they finish outside of the Top 12.
Grantox::when al jefferson is traded i hope carroll goes too
Darkflame07::Jefferson isn't going to be traded, huge expiring contract won't bring back anything useful.....
chris53181::Kemba was a good pick up and all MKG need is a jumper and he's good to go for me so now who do we take next
Grantox::give mkg time kemba was kinda bad last year
lll__::andrew wiggins
lll__::no idea
chris53181::This year
GeorgeTownDC29::Worst front court in the league vs a top 5 front court = THIS
TCluvcarpanthers::Basically.
Marcus SASBMJ Jordan::does not take a rocket scientist to see thet MKG has a cap on his field gold attempts. The guy gives you 7-11, I say give him freedom to operate. Best believe this will not happen again after this game. i'm out!
The Real Andre Herring::Damn I hope and pray Dunlap can get it together as an NBA coach...he is still use to coaching college teams and doesn't get rotations right and isn't a good teacher.
TCluvcarpanthers::Dunlap isn't out there playing nonchalant defense.
ChipperJonesBraves10::There your game in a matter of seconds
scow79::DMC's defense is atrocious right now.  Why is he still in the game again?
Grantox::DC then..... DMC is demarcus cousins
lord of stone::His defense has never been that impressive
TheJTram::Carrol
Grantox::DMC?
Grantox::would you guys trade kemba for al jefferson?
Darkflame07::That trade wouldn't work in so many ways.......
JTorcasso::maybe,, kemba doesnt even get starters minutes
TCluvcarpanthers::He averages 34 minutes; he's started every game for us this season. He gets starter minutes.
TCluvcarpanthers::Nope.
TCluvcarpanthers::Basically. Along with MKG
Grantox::is kemba your untouchable?
Cheeto Fangaz::They aren't going to win any time soon if walker doesnt play..
RG3 Is A Monster 1966::Been following a betting system named Sportsbettingstar the past few months.  I've made around 2-3K a month profits using this systems advice.  You will find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems.  I have bet on sports for a long time and tried many systems in the past and nothing is as accurate as this one.
JTorcasso::and.. your back
Y0ung1718::I really don't understand put the best player on your team in the game this is one of the many reasons the Bobcats are a joke
Grantox::OMG are the jazz gonna go over 500!
Y0ung1718::Where is Kemba it's the fourth quater what is going on????????
Indychase22897::Well.... My Bobcats are still the joke of the NBA. God this sucks!
lord of stone::In one to two more years they wont be
Grantox::idk the wizards are pretty bad! give them time! they are better than last year
JTorcasso::I think the starters should be: Kemba, Gordon, Kidd-Gilchrist, Warrick, Biz Or even: Kemba, Gordon, Henderson, Kidd-Gilchrist, Biz. Dunlap sucks.
JTorcasso::When you have 45 bench points and 77 points you should realize...
PEdRO2757::hmmm this is actually going slightly worse than i though it would
RainingDimes::Lmfao.
blanding1988::Lol... that sucks. This game is over now
lostjazzfan::are the starters blowing it? is it out PGs? whats the word
lostjazzfan::what the hell is going on right now? I can't watch I just see that this game has gotten competitive
blanding1988::Athletic PG's against TInsley.
KKhan04::Why does Corbin play Tinsley?
BoyWondamus::the plus minus of the team when he is in the game is really high. He knows how to run the offense really well. Plus with Mo Williams out there is not much of a better option.
lord of stone::because he knows how to play the game
AGirlThatLovesSports_::kemba needs to start making his free throws, this is getting ridiculous!!! ^___^
DeronWilliams58::You kidding me Tinsley!!
JazzFanFromINDIA::Jazz will trade Jefferson for Rajon Rondo  TRADE OF THE YEAR !
etony3314::Ummm...no.
idominateall::ha!
JazzFanFromINDIA::Line up of Future.  RONDO , BURKS , HAYWARD , FAVORS , KANTER
lll__::i would be so happy to see that
adamsbrian88::someone chanting for the jazz? sounded like it
blanding1988::Jazz trade for Chandler Parsons.. Future Line up of  Burks, Hayward, Parsons, Favors, Kanter  Thoughts?
blanding1988::Assuming Mo williams is not the starter in the future and Jazz trade Millsap for Parsons and Greg Smith
Eric62748::horrible trade.
lostjazzfan::Chandler and Hayward play the same position.  And Burks is a two, not a PG.  He can play back up PG but to use him entirely in that capacity would not be best.  He's gotta swag like a young black mamba, he's a scorer by nature.  And that is rare!
lostjazzfan::what's the total trade?
idominateall::what about when mo returns? do you put him or burks at point?
adamsbrian88::Ins't he a pretty good shooter?
jason21382::Game over!
JazzFanFromINDIA::Good To See the Jazz not playing lightly on the Road !
Enes Kanter owns Dwight Howard::So Burks is pretty good at PG.
lostjazzfan::well the lineup with Hayward and Foye allows Burks to not have to much attention on him while at PG.  That is a very good coaching move by Corbin...gotta give him credit on this one.
Real_Salt Lake::Agree! I've been trying to explain this to stubborn Jazz fans who think Waston somehow runs the offense better.
scow79::3 assists.   Gotta like seeing that
blanding1988::better than watson right now... probably just as good as tinsley, but more athletic
blanding1988::Only reason I say probably just as good... is because I think Tinsley currently has better court vision. Give Burks a year of playing PG and I think he could be great.
scow79::I'll go out on that limb.  He's better than Tinsley
blanding1988::Kid Baller!
Real_Salt Lake::Gordon Hayward.
Real_Salt Lake::Who?
i am XxxqwikskopezXx::suks cartier martin is bettar
scow79::Nuff said
i am XxxqwikskopezXx::peeple axing me 4 a reel life pic... her u go http://i.imgur.com/RnQv7.jpg
Real_Salt Lake::I love these kind of trolls. It's always entertaining trying to read what a 5 year old would write.
i am XxxqwikskopezXx::im not a trol?
idominateall::this is the real pic. http://www.welaf.com/uploads/201011/15/imgs/1289875749_ugliest-woman-in-the-world.jpg
blanding1988::NIGHTMARES!!! good crap... thank you man. I will not sleep tonight
blanding1988::Do I dare click on the troll "wiz" fan's picture when he says "axing" and "reel".... um no
adamsbrian88::and  her , pic, peeple, u, 4
i am XxxqwikskopezXx::y r u so supsiscios
LAKER-HATER-GO-JAZZ::Millsap showcasing himself for Memphis. Rudy is coming
blanding1988::It would be like giving Big Al a max deal for 5 years... wtf?
lostjazzfan::Not a bad player but for sure not towards the best in the league (like he's paid)
lostjazzfan::For his skill set Rudy is making about 5-7 mill per yr more than he should...
lostjazzfan::hell no!
scow79::18M for the next 2 years after this one?  Can I get a Hell no?
scow79::Thank you!  :)
Real_Salt Lake::hell no.
i am XxxqwikskopezXx::rudy is in wiz stuped...
Real_Salt Lake::Rudy is overpaid.
