Rico M::Bosh will probably be out of this game due to newborn baby and both Oden and Beasley are hurt.
Miami REHEAT::This thanksgiving I'm thankful for NBA League pass, man before on these non-TNT or ESPN basketball nights I had to turn to NBA TV. Tonight was "fan night" and what do they have? The Lakers VS Mavericks. Who wants to see that? hahaha   James was just having fun out there tonight though, way to put to cherry on top of the 500 game double digit scoring streak night
Jake VH 2012::If Toronto looks at this game as if the Maple Leafs was playing the Panthers. Then the odds are in the Raptors favor Toronto 95-90.
RAY B::Raps have played the Heat close for many of the games in the last few years. Its usually one big run that cost them, that and the officiating. It tends to go the Heat when close.
C K::Very impressive so far for the Heat considering that Bosh is out tonight.
Ronald::Good game so far. Raptors is a legit playoff contender. Their center is a good candidate for MIP award.
Karel::I gotta tell you, as a huge Wade fan, he seriously needs to consider either retiring or become just a role player.  He has almost no explosiveness, stands around a lot both D and O, except when he has the ball and makes mediocre moves to the hoop.  Unfortunately, he has not adjusted his game with age as guys like MJ and Kobe did...he still has a well-below average jumper.
TinyT::Man, I know the Heat won but those refs were terrible today lol Lebron gets a clean strip at the end it's a foul, UD gets mugged 3 times going for a put-back and 3 clear as day charges not called. If it were the other way around, the world would be demanding the refs heads
Ronald::Typical MVP night for LBJ.
sda::Another slow start for Miami, doesn't this moron of a coach Spo get it? YOU can't start Haslem and Wade in the same rotation, THERE IS NO SPACING FOR LEBRON OR ANYONE. This guy is so incredibly stupid, i am pretty sure a D-league coach would of corrected this by now. He just believes since they won 2 championships now, that he doesn't need to correct it. Well, hate to break it to you Spo, but this starting lineup has been failing for a few years now, and has been getting off to ridiculously slow starts. Which only makes the game more difficult, probably another reason why 2 series last year went 7 games. This moron doesn't get it.
