nba is the worst::Wow - the West's 5 seed destroys the east's 3rd seen by 22 in their 7th road game of the trip, after beating the champs* the other night as well?  L'east for a reason...
jhbuck51::it was one game?
DoubleV1369::warriors are like 10-2 against the East. only losses are two losses to the Magic.
aj8707::can someone please stop the clippers? dang!
davidsan1001::Didn't the Warriors beat the Clips..., in LA?  Hmmm.
ongbak2003::Lakers are a joke.
Antsea91::every east team not named the bobcats is a joke
DoubleV1369::good joke
WFan5::Good win tonight. Question: why does biedrins continue to get into foul trouble after all these years?
davidsan1001::His feet are too slow then he has to reach.  Dead giveaway to the refs when your shoulders twist when you reach.  He needs to camp out with one of the those super trainers, maybe do footwork drills on top of hot coals!
belfeliandre::We all made fun of Jackson when he claimed he wanted to make the playoffs last year and we were right. But this year, GS is for real!
Kev0100::Ive been using a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. Making around 2-3K a month profits using this system. You can find this system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems.
Antsea91::tell me more! not
belfeliandre::Get lost, man. Seriously.
BlazersWar::Steph Curry close to a trip double... this kid plays with a chip on his shoulder
lurpinator::We're doing a postgame report at http://ustre.am/7bg7 come and check it out!
torrtis::Hawks really should trade Josh Smith now and get something back than let him go for nothing.
BayAreaSportsFan16::6-1 road trip! warriors r legit!
Kayla_Giants27::Yes they are!!
I have no legs::Ew. Hawks stink.
Kayla_Giants27::Tonight they did!!
Kayla_Giants27::I can't wait for the Warriors to get back home!!
Kayla_Giants27::What a nice win!!
Pr0ject_sky::Rush would be nice too. However his injury is giving us a better look at rookies as well as giving Barnes more minutes.
Kayla_Giants27::I sent you a friend request! We've got some good young players!!
Pr0ject_sky::Lets hope so. Really like Ezli however hes too raw still. Bogut would give the Dubs a nice offense in the post. Plus his passing will make both Steph and Clay have more open three's
Kayla_Giants27::Yes!! And his D would help us also. I really wish we had Rush!!
Pr0ject_sky::Indeed it was. They just need to keep winning until Bogut gets back.
Kayla_Giants27::If Bogut can get 100% healthy; we'll be really good!!
jeff050578::If D Lee does not make the all star game then there is no justice in the NBA world
DoubleV1369::he probably wont make the fan vote, but with his numbers, id be stunned if the coaches didn't vote him in. Curry is also a legit possibility.
NuggetsFanInKC::but sadly he probably wont.. all star is popularity contest
Kayla_Giants27::Yeah! Lee has been amazing this year.
Pr0ject_sky::Yup... To many PF/Center in the west that get more credit they deserve. Like Blake and Love
supe540::Well earned 2 day rest for the men then a one game homestand.  They really are the Road Warriors.
jeff050578::cant wait for a healthy Bogut because the center position has been invisible all year. Just another piece to the dubs playoff team. Go Dubs
M.Bishop19::Championship team
Kobes Black Mamba::'Tis great to be a Warriors fan right now. It's been a long time coming, but so far it's been worth the wait. Keep up the great play!
Warriors_fan4life_Cali::WARRIORS PLAYOFFS
rob31369::Oh yeah. Go Dubs!
Jfs70ss::WARRIORRRSS, COME OUT AND PLAYYY YAAAAYYY !!!!!!!
Antonio1747::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-dlXMmioq0
tigersfangoldandblue::I'd love to see a Grizzlies/Warriors playoff series, that'd be a lot of fun.
kevininOKC67::Ive been using  a bet system called sportsbettingstar. I doubled my starting balance the first month and made almost $3,000 my 2nd using this system. If you search google for sports betting systems you will find the system on the 1st page.
john-GOAT-amaechi::steph curry + david lee = &lt;3  sometimes I wish I could be a fly on the wall in those locker rooms.
UNCTarHeelz725.::19 points for Harrison Barnes!
Pr0ject_sky::If the Warriors and get Bogut right after the AS break they could easily be a 3-5 seed in the west. Without him  they are a 5-8 seed.
nihkkah::But seeded nonetheless!
Spuntly::Lee should be considered for league MVP, he contributes in avery aspect of the game.  Without him, Warriors are hurting.
Spuntly::Yep, unfortunately.  However, his numbers speak, in fact they scream.  Best trade in Golden State history.
Pr0ject_sky::Should but he isn't a big name. MVP is more of who is more popular and is playing on the better team.
supe540::He's been playing at a high level this season.
Spuntly::At this point
LivingUnwashedinLA::42 years since we were even 1 over .500 for 7 game road trip? Futility, Warriors is thy name!  If it hadn't been for Barry, we'd have nothing. And he's a creep.
Pr0ject_sky::Good win by the Dubs after that abysmal performance in Orlando. Get the much needed rest and need to take it to the Hornets on Tuesday. Nice to see Barnes have a good shooting night as well.
supe540::Good looking rookie who is normally the 4th option.  Just great to see him get some touches and go after his shot.
Pr0ject_sky::Indeed, he needed a game like this. I know he won't get as much looks with the offensive talent the Dubs have. Hopefully this game gives him more confidence in future games.
supe540::Great game by the Warriors.  Don't often get a laugher.  Hawks reminded me of Dubs against the Magic, just kind of flat with lots of routine misses.  Great way to end the trip!
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Josh shoots 1-12 and we shoot 36% from the field, and give up 115. My goodness we played awful
The-INFAMOUS-CRUZZZ::Warriors are becoming my team of choice in the Western Conference =)
nihkkah::Don't need bandwagoners bro, hop off.
dog_has_fleas::So you aren't actually a fan of one team, ncie to know
Oaktown1029::Awesome game by the Warriors tonight, no Ezeli and still dominated on the boards; 4 guys scored between 18 and 20 points; and it was the 7th and last game of this terrific road trip.
vonsteve6868::Happy for Warriors fans. But I can't help but expect something to go wrong. Injury or something. It just seems like they get a lot of bad luck. Hope I'm wrong though.
Gimpay::then it would be just another year...
dog_has_fleas::Most people are just waiting for that ankle to pop.
WarriorsWarrior::Check out the +/- stats today. Wow!
BRAY5150::Why would anybody here care about that game
Phatepiclewts::Fail troll is fail.
WarriorsWarrior::Warriors vs Atl.
BRAY5150::For who?
BRAY5150::Last season the clips at best go 2-2 on this road trip so its nice to see this team grow and learn how to win games on the road. Let's make it a 4-0 road trip when they play Detroit next
LivingUnwashedinLA::who cares a crap about the Clips on a Warriors board little fella?
Elton7323::congratz golden state i wonder how come the magic could never beat atl
stayeduptolate21::curry and lee should be all stars vote for them!
stayeduptolate21::I think they will both make it just keep voting
bstallion510::Lee has a better chance of making the AS game than Curry. Curry has a lot of stiff competition going up against all the gaurds in the West. Lee won't be a starter but I think he'll make the team.
Spuntly::Lee has a much better overall game than Griffin.  Griffin dunks well, defends like crap, and has no jumper.  Look at Lees shooting percentage compared to BG. (as one example)
JoshuaMoulWL::Half the people you named aren't even the same position as lee
dog_has_fleas::Its called the AS team and if you didn't know F's and Centers are in the same voting category, I can't help you. Past that, he has to come over the bench players and those don't have to be any particular position. He will be lucky to make it. In an AS game format I am not sure why you would want him over Curry anyways.
bellboy4life::Check lee's rankings among bigs this year. You'll see why he should be an all-star. He's honestly a better player than griffin, but griffin gets more attention because of his athleticism.
Pr0ject_sky::Lee is playing better then Griffin. He also is a better defender too.
Pau Gasol.::If you think Lee is better than Griffin, that's laughable.
dog_has_fleas::Stats don't tell the whole story bro and honestly, Lee doesn't play defense like a guy that is 6-10. Any guy his size or bigger is going to push him around. Its why I am curious what happens when they play Memphis and LA again, or the Lakers as dreadful as they are. He has to prove he can give those big numbers without giving them right back on the other end.
cxlo::vote for  chris paul so that jeremy lin doesn't start.  thats the only way curry and lee  can get in.
dog_has_fleas::The NBA will jsut put Lin in, gotta protect the Asian interests.
JoshuaMoulWL::Lee will make it
dog_has_fleas::Over Durant, Duncan, Love, Griffin, D12, Aldridge, Z-Bo, Bryant, Westbrook, Paul, Harden, Curry, Mayo, Ibaka, Parker? I just find it hard to add him to the mix there unless he starts producing more. His numbers are great but he has a lot to do to get into the convo. Oh yeah and the NBA will put Lin in the AS game.
dog_has_fleas::Like I said earlier, Steph Curry will make it, but Lee has virtually no chance.
dog_has_fleas::Lee has done his normal thing, 18-20 points and averaging another rebound per game than last year. But he is gonna have to step it up and put up flashy numbers like 2010.
Kayla_Giants27::Lee has been great!!!
PhilgotdoneIN::Golden State is really fun come playoff time
BRAY5150::So when they build the new arena are the warriors going to be called the SF warriors? Honest question
bstallion510::Joe Lacob has already stated that they're not changing the team to S.F. Warriors. The Warriors are a Bay Area team. They don't just rep one city.
BRAY5150::I think they should always be golden state. I think SF is more golden state than Oakland anyway but I'm a clipper fan so am I rite or wrong?
dog_has_fleas::Well Golden Coast is more what its referred to talking about the area and that includes Oakland, SF, SC area.
PhilgotdoneIN::Yea true, but then again so did the Nets
dog_has_fleas::Yeah but they moved to a different state and NY is marketable. SF isn't really a brand name.
dog_has_fleas::I would think not. GS isn't a city.
dog_has_fleas::Yeah I would imagine they would stick with the GS name
BRAY5150::I only ask cause I just heard its being built in SF? But the warriors have so much history in gs good or bad its history
Kayla_Giants27::I'm so happy!!
JoshuaMoulWL::OK. Scared me for a second.
JoshuaMoulWL::whats awesom
Kayla_Giants27::Nothing!! Just being happy!
JoshuaMoulWL::what
JoshuaMoulWL::same here
Kayla_Giants27::Awesome!!!
JoshuaMoulWL::Golden State made the Hawks look like pigeons
Xx JayHawksFTW xX::I liked it, just so I could unlike it.
JoshuaMoulWL::who all liked my post
Bryant35176::Good on you golden state yesterday u can't beat a bottom dweller  When I need you to to win money yet today u come out And beat the crap out I a good team this just proves sport is rigged
WestCoastSuperiority::You realize you only call it rigged because you lost your bets.
dog_has_fleas::Explain to me the matchups thing though. Biedrins, Landry should be able to handle big baby, past that who is a real threat?
dog_has_fleas::Confident huh? Guess ya'll at least have a reason to be. Hopefully Tyreke D's up Steph Curry, then ya'll won't be able to generate much. I am confident until given a reason not to be.
Kayla_Giants27::Maybe? But we'll still win!!
dog_has_fleas::Boogie Cousins is gonna trash that front line.
Kayla_Giants27::No! We'll win!
dog_has_fleas::Dec 19th though, ya'll are gonna cry
Kayla_Giants27::You'd think so!! The two Magic games have been probably our 2 worst played games this year.
dog_has_fleas::But come on! E'Twaun Moore? Andrew Nicholson? If my garbage Kings can beat them, ya'll should easy.
Kayla_Giants27::They shot really well!!
Condo Snap::Matchups.
Kayla_Giants27::We suck against the Magic!!
OhYesTheyCallMeTheGreek::good to see my boy bazemore gets a few minutes
WarriorsWarrior::Is it raining in the City?
Raiders Godfather333::HELL YES!!!
WarriorsWarrior::Thx
jayt831::Ppl just look at my avatar
FriscoWarriors415::Love it. Looks great! All my favorite teams also
stellman8::Get rid of that sf crap.
vonsteve6868::Like it or not, they're leaving Oakland.
NateSSF::I really like that avatar... i might have to steal that.
JoshuaMoulWL::that is sick
teksama::Is Golden State real? Did they make the leap? Are they a playoff team?
Raiders Godfather333::Too early to tell but when you go 6-1 on the road and beat the defending champs, it sure looks like they are heading in the right direction.
Raiders Godfather333::Great road trip for the Warriors. Mark Jackson is doing a great job with this young team.  MAKE IT RAIN WARRIORS!!!!
john-GOAT-amaechi::david lee makes me ....... &lt;3
