Chad Wiggins::hey bone head malone... put  fredette in... he has lit this team up time and time again... how can i know this and a nba head coach seem to be clueless
Keith Dennis::Did you watch him play against Utah the other night?
Steave Hoover::I agree chad. Who's guarding Dragic and Bledsoe? I thought Jimmer was weak on D yet he's played 6 minutes. Thornton is having a great game as is mclemore!
Keith Dennis::Steave Hoover B Mac is 1-6 and Thornton has 2 points.  Pizza guy has 29
Benny Thai Tran::Pacers Fan here, tonight was the first time I watched the Suns play, and wow!  Phoenix has great backcourt and future looks pretty good.
Russ Harris::Frankly..I would happily place Isaiah Thomas in the conversation for " All Star Guard."
Brent B Jacoby::yea not a point guard though....bad passer...way to many turnovers . then shooting guard there are way better players
Josh AndNatalie Burhenn::Brent B Jacoby not a bad passer in any way.
Chad Wiggins::fredette is playing scared to freeking death..... if he makes one freeking mistake he's done.... i freeking hate everything sacramento.. JUST TRADE HIM.... USA TODAY reported 6 teams contacted the kings for trade talks solely about fredette... if u have this much hate, or lack of trust in the guy, TRADE HIM
Keith Dennis::I totally agree.. he needs to loosen up and play like he can.   But this is big boy sports so if he cant deliver when he is in maybe he is not the pro you think he is.   I love the guy and wish he would start playing like the guy I thought we drafted.
Chad Wiggins::Keith Dennis man he has delivered so many times, so many games, so many stretches, and never seems to have a reward system for good play....  last year thru 34 games he was #5 in the entire nba in points per min... the top five read this way... durant, kobe, melo, james, and freeking 13 min a night jimmer.. 34 games is a strong sample size.. but then thomas was promoted by cousins lol to starting pg, and jimmer fell out of the line up... # 5 point per min scorer in the nba got demoted.... im not taking the craptomento queens word for it, that he cant cut it.. ive seen him do too much... like take crappy byu all the way to the 3rd ranked team in the nation...all on his right hand.... i will not be taking the word of a franchise that is only news worthy when they are about to relocate.... TRADE HIM, and lets see what he can do on a team that actually wants him... they are holding him fffffn hostage and its just jacked up...
Josh AndNatalie Burhenn::Chad Wiggins who is he going to play over? secondly please do not use his college career as proof that he should be making it in the NBA. different style of game, bigger faster players and he is not nor will ever be a go to guy in the league. in college he was all BYU had. i understand your frustration but i think you are expecting to see a perennial all star out of him
Harman Singh Sidhu::I have never seen a team whose best passer is a center. Kings need to rethink their current roster. You can't just put talented players together and expect it to work.
Brandon Duenas::The Suns are very fun to watch this year. They have all the makings for a cinderella type of team in the playoffs as an 8 seed.
Eric Evans::going to be higher than an 8 seed
Chad Wiggins::how long must we watch a 5 foot 7 pretend point guard jacking up like he's kobe freeking bryant malone
Keith Dennis::Should you choose to watch I would say another 60 or so games
Keith Dennis::Pizza Guy just put up 13 in the 1st quarter.    Kobe probably wont score that in the entire game v OKC tonight.
Chad Wiggins::heres a stat for all the king fans... Thorton is shooting 36% from the floor, he is shooting 28% from three.  fredette is shooting 42% from the field, 51% from three, and 98% from the line... i know this will get written off as me being a whiner, but can someone please tell me why thorton eats up all the min..is it his tremendous all around floor game lol, or his lock down defense... one last tid bit for u,  when thorton was in the rotation, at the beginning of the season, the kings went 2 and 12....  he was replaced by fredette. the kings went 2 and 2 with fredette receiving the back up min.... heres the kicker... after four games thorton re replaced fredette in the rotation.. its honestly beyond me...  i dont get the justification in how this guy gets treated.... tonight for instance, fredette was even in the plus minus department when on the court, shot one for two, yet malone spits in his face, insisted that he has no trust in fredette to play in the sec half of the game.. as he rides thomas the entire second half... if thomas is a must, what about throwing the 1 for 2 shooting fredette in in the place of the 1 for 7 shooting thorton..... GO KINGS BASKETBALL. YOU GOTTA LOVE IT
Keith Dennis::So who is your favorite NBA team?
George Jimas::the two games SAC won with him in, he shot 1-5 for 3 points and a turnover in 14 minutes and the other he shot 3-6 for 8 points, 2 assists and 2 turnovers in 18 minutes. just stop.
Les Carroll::This is fun, but it's midnight on the east coast. You folks can keep your stinking Kings and hopefully Jimmer will have a new team soon.
Scott West::Cause everyone wants Jimmer...
Travis Jewell::Scott West Yeah Kings have made trades involving 10 players this year, non Jimmer, so he's definitely a hot commodity!
Scott West::Travis Jewell haha I enjoy the sarcasm!!! his 6 minutes, 1 steal , 1 personal foul, 1 turnover, and 2 points really changed the game for the Kings. I remember being so afraid that if Jimmer fell to the suns in 2011 draft they were going to take him, whew that was close!
Erick Johnson::Rudy Gay will do better with the Kings because he won't be allowed to be a black hole as the third banana behind Cousins and Thomas Jr.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Cousins is on fire, 6 pts, 4 rbs, 4 asts, 4 stls, all in 10 minutes. I feel another monster game from him.
Eric Evans::lol Green gets hit the whole way to the basket and Gay gets a figer on his fade away and gets the call WTH?
Joshua Jawahar Kingsley::0. That's the number of people on the planet who were expecting the suns to have a winning record in mid December.
Michael Bradley::Also the number of people who think the Kings will beat the Suns.
Keith Dennis::Michael Bradley Make that number one... Kings will play with energy tonight with the new players suiting up.  Kings win by 6
Michael Bradley::Keith Dennis It should be a good game.  Happy the Kings got Rudy Gay.  Still though....GO SUNS!!!!
Chad Wiggins::different cast of characters..same sad ace kings basketball....
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Refs are whistle happy this game lol !
Patrick Foote::brutal game for mclemore
Eric Evans::Get that out Cousins lol
Les Carroll::Every game is brutal for McLemore. He can't shoot. At least Jimmer can shoot, and if McLemore is in there for defense, why does his opposing guard score 29 points. Maybe if Jimmer is in there Bledsoe still scores 28 points, but Jimmer would make half of his shots, dish some assists. There's no explanation for it, except stupidity by the Kings coaching staff.
Josh AndNatalie Burhenn::and the coach before that and the coach before that too, right? all three coaches must be idiots then huh?
Jessica Moore::Tell me how long each coach lasted, then answer your own question.
Les Carroll::Josh AndNatalie Burhenn  Yes, all of them! Actually, Alex English is from my hometown, so I like him. I used to watch him in high school and college. You can't say anything positive about the Kings, Jimmer or no Jimmer. They just keep losing, and he's not part of their mediocrity.
Patrick MacKinnon::Gay looks a lot better when he does not handle the ball.  Sacramento obviously uses a better offense than toronto.  but a saw classic gay turnover and a slow close-out to the 3-point line, which both were way too common in toronto.  if he does not complain of a lack of touches he might be respectable for you guys.
Chad Wiggins::for all his wonderful shooting  that has been very well documented, the Pizza Guy and his kings are gonna do what they do best... LOSE... funny thing is, they have some real talent... but thomas is not a PG..
Josh AndNatalie Burhenn::blah blah blah. isaiah scores 29 on 19 shots. does he have to get 10 assists every night for you to think he's a pg. he scores as well. who cares
Hans Christian Zambales::scorched by guards with 29 and 28 who took 16 and 14 shots, and each had 8 and 3 assists each. (both had 35 mins playing time compared to Isaiah's 42 min)
Josh AndNatalie Burhenn::Hans Christian Zambales whats your point? they played well and so did zeke. those numbers don't go against isaiah... he didn't guard both at the same time.
Les Carroll::Phoenix guards score 57 points and Jimmer just sits because he's a defensive liability. The Kings suck! Their coaches and management are morons.
Keith Dennis::Wrong on coaches and management.. they are rock solid.
Les Carroll::If Jimmer played 35 minutes, he would score as much as Thomas, and he have more assists. And Isiah is no better defensively. He just scores a lot because he shoots alot.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::kid you are a retard..plain and simple..jammer isn't even good enough to be in the nba!
Jessica Moore::then why is he in the nba...?
Josh AndNatalie Burhenn::if, if, if. speculation, you have no clue what jimmer would do so stop. isaiah is doing what is being asked of him. he's not going to drop 10 dimes every night. if scoring is what they need they he will do it. if they need him to do something else he will. his coach has told him to be aggressive thats what he is doing,
Chad Wiggins::go on and ride your pet midget now malone.... only way he's rallying the troops is by jacking it up... only way he knows how to play... sad thing is, now the suns are digging in...
Jeffrey Lewis::you cannot win when your point guard takes the most shots and only dishes out 2 assists no matter how many points he scores!
Chad Wiggins::all u gotta do is make cousins lose his cool... u know that block hurt him pride a little bit..... like when calzaghe slapped around b-hop
Les Carroll::Keith, they are rock solid. That's why the Kings lose every night. I don't even care. I'm not a Kings fan. I just want to see Jimmer get a chance.
Keith Dennis::I am a season ticket holder and when I see JImmer play it is awful.  I love the guy and wish he performed better but he just doesnt.   Maybe a change of scenery will do him good.. he stinks here.
Les Carroll::Keith Dennis Maybe he stinks because he gets three minutes on the court every other game. Maybe if he didn't get benched every time he made a mistake he would play like he's capable. He's the best shooter out there and ALL the Kings stink on defense, so why not let him shoot the ball. I know Jimmer is not a good defender. He wasn't in college either. But he can shoot and score in any league. Why not give him a chance? That's all I'm saying. But, I agree. He needs to be traded. I wish he would come to the East coast so I could see him play.
Keith Dennis::Les Carroll Hard to trade a guy that has no value.  If he did have value it would have already happened in my opinion.   Teams know they can sign him super cheap at the end of this season since the Kings did not pick up his option.  Expect to see Jimmer in a multi player trade this year or signing cheaply next off season.  Either way I dont expect you will ever see him perform like you seem to think he can.  He is a short Adam Morrison
