Shane F::they need to start kg if they want  to win. hes there most athletic big man they have. he can't get in any sort of groove only playing 20 minutes a game he needs to be around 30 minutes. Pierce needs 30 minutes and they will be fine. But they got to get more minutes. They are using there bench and there not good enough to win games. Brooks lopez i think is the main problem. Hes clogging up the middle and not giving pierce or garnett any chance of getting into a groove. They will be fine once garnett and pierce get used to the offense. But these guys  were not picked up to ride the bench so let them loose already geez your 3-8. I don't care if kg is hurt hes the only decent defender and he creates steals. He needs to be on the floor.
Center::KG is not a starter at this point in his career, and Pierce would be better served coming off the bench. Kidd should never have been hired as the coach, and Derrron Williams will never be a championship team PG. There are "names" on this roster, but it's an extremely poorly constructed team though.
Iron::When I said KG and Paul are running out of gas they thought I was just hating, a lot of money wasted on this team and players who  have passed their prime. Hopefully they can compete for the 8th seed on the ECF.
E::Derron is the worst, the Nets suck because they cant' stop penetration, they literally have no footspeed and they have Frank calling the offense, he's atrocious, They need to bring in Lionel Hollins...Kidd get's a pass (no pun intended) but JJ is useless until crunch time, Brook is hurt, Derron sucks whether hurt or not, KG and Pierce are just not playing well, Blatche is a walking turnover, Livingston, Anderson and Plumlee are the only positive thing about the BK, I like Evans if he wasn't so bad on offense he should start. We have no true pure shooters or a real 2 guard. Kirilenkos washed up, this team can;t fast break, they cant get stops. I wouldn't be surprised if they don't even make the playoffs...  But they could also turn it around if they work on their offensive execution, at least that would slow other teams down and let them get their Defense set...  Prokorov wont put up with this for long, heads will roll, and it wont be billie kings, I see Frank getting axed within 2 weeks or so along with the rest of the assistants, and I see the Nets wheeling and dealing before the deadline, they have some chips and tradeable pieces and expiring contracts, If I were Billie King, I'd get rid of Derron ASAP, get any serviceable PG some picks and maybe a decent 2G or a good low post player...then maybe deal Pierce and KG, their contracts expire soon, hell, I;d even look to package lopez and any of these guys for a guy like GASOL, Vucevic or IT2 and Jason Thompson or something...this team is not GELLING at all,  injuries and losses piling up, cant keep saying "ts a marathon not a sprint, b4 u know it, its april.
Hugh Jashole::Nets took a shot at going for it with the trade with the Celtics... but could have made a critical mistake going with an unproven coach like J.Kidd.  If you think you have a contender... why not hire an experienced coach who could figure out how to make it all work?  They look beyond lost and no chemistry.
Devin H::Why should the Nets have a good team...??  They have a Russian mobster who's riches are not from business acumen,  but from KGB ties..  They have whom is regarded as the worst GM in the league..billy King  They have a rookie coach who thinks just being another NBA homie is good enough to be a coach  The entire squad is mismatched, with overrated players, over the hill players with massive egos that will make it impossible to manage  they will be a bottom 5 team
David::The Nets should trade Jason Kidd for Deron Williams. We already know that one cannot coach and the other cannot defend other PGs, maybe if their roles are reversed .....
Commenter::No matter how strong their line-up is as long as they have an untested rookie coach, they will have a hard time winning. JKidd is a good player and a future hall of famer but he is an unexperience coach. I think it will be better for the team to hire a veteran coach and let JKidd be one of the assistant. Or let JKidd handle the Dleague team of Brooklyn to learn more as a coach.
Heat4life::I thought people were talking about the Nets being the best team in the NBA? They will not go anywhere with their damn 3-8 record. Too bad the Heat-Celtics rivalry is over now. Lol
