LOSE LOSER WIN WIN WIN::Dallas Mavericks= OLD NEWS Dallas Cowgirls= LOL! Texas Rangers= CHOKERS Dallas Stars= WHO CARES? San Antonio Spurs= OLD AND DECLINING  Any questions?
KingJamesVI6::I never get bored of watching this game...the kid is good, no doubt....but he was no match for the Heat!
frogger2311::Go Heat!!
973EricT::LINSANITY AKA THE TURN OVER KID HES WORST THAN D. MCNABB
Motif88::Who da cap fit let them wear it....
naddarians::l
djarodyankees2004::Bob Marley shot the sheriff.  Lebron's fault
fxpfeiffer::Playing the Miami Heat......in Miami.....Jeremy Lin's toughest challenge....shows that he needs a lot of work on his game. I hope he keeps progressing. His story is very good for the NBA. Got rattled with a very strong Miami defense....Needs to work on all those turnovers!
973EricT::THATS WHAT IVE BEEN SAYING ALL THAT MEDIA PUT HIM UP AGAINST A REAL TEAM AN HE DID $@%!  AN THIS IS COMING FROM A DIE HARD KNICKS FAN . I MEAN HE WAS FUN 2 WATCH BUT HE ISNT OUR SAVIOR WE STILL HAVE ALOT OF WORK  FOR THIS TEAM 2 BE BETTER.IM MORE EXCITED ABOUT IMANS GAME MORE THAN LIN PERIOD.
Hows your wife and my kids bruh::Nice to see a relevant post
formaggio jones::Lin might be a false phrophet
973EricT::AINT THAT THE TRUTH.
JOHNREDCORN80884::Lin is beyond over exposed, so sick of hearing about him   -Tim Tebow
nordic muskrat::who are these "celebrities" in this all star game? lol
Black_Jellybean::most prolly heat fans
tommyspinelli::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTfsYeUYonA = tim tebow on jeremy lin.
soopafly2def::No more ESPLin....hahahahahah
973EricT::THANK GOD.
tommyspinelli::dont worry, lin is playing in the rookie spohmore game tonight in an hour.
tommyspinelli::Whatever happened to "Jimmer Mania"???? LOL
Black_Jellybean::atleas evryone agrea da heat is best team in baskitball dis year!
JohnnyQwest13::Racist troll?
Black_Jellybean::bein rich an hav lots of da peepl jealus of you is betr den bein poor an bein jealus over a rich persin
boom_shakalaka1990::Lebron gets his steaks pre cut for him like a little B I T C H
FloridaGatorsForever::I'm pretty sure the man can cut a steak. What is he 5?
FloridaGatorsForever::So many people keep saying that, what a shame.
Black_Jellybean::an yuou likes wich team?
boom_shakalaka1990::WHAT!?!? WAH WAH WAH WAH....
Black_Jellybean::othr best playrs had best playrs or they nevr won any rings
boom_shakalaka1990::the race card REALLY??? you are a moron, people hate lebron cause he had to join 2 other all stars and have his own parade to even have a chance at anything. All the greats never had to do this...
Black_Jellybean::u jus hate black peepl
boom_shakalaka1990::yes i am so jealous i can cut my own food up like a big boy, you should be jealous of every person in this chat who can actually spell
Black_Jellybean::jealus peeple prolly bull fans
je5725::Delonte?
boom_shakalaka1990::maybe u can write him a letter and he can pay for you to get some english lessons
boom_shakalaka1990::if he can read it?
Black_Jellybean::maybe he is bisy countin his money
boom_shakalaka1990::u could give me all the money in the world doesnt mean id loose my balls and not cut my own f in steak
Black_Jellybean::nice to bee rich
Black_Jellybean::all you are big lebron fans so ovious!
Black_Jellybean::sory you hav to be rood. gess you hates black peepl. i hav book here too learnt words spelling
Big Black Guy::You're not black and you're obviously trolling with an agenda. Go sit on the toilet.
illestprospect::And you're a lame for speaking like an idiot.
tommyspinelli::I see your improving with your spelling,  you spelled obvious wrong.
XhinghFu::Lin's a good player at this point...not a great player. The Heat focused on him like he was a great player.
Andi5614::all they did was put Chalmers on him. lebron was on melo most of the game
tommyspinelli::he will develop into something special for the knicks when he goes through a full offseason of training camp #knicksgot1
TheSixthHeatle::Miami' defense Linched the Knicks.
Yofiel Malachi::No, it was just a pathetic joke. That's why we didn't get it.
illestprospect::I hope Thibs lynches Lebron this weekend.
illestprospect::That apparently went over your head huh. That was in reference to him coaching the All Star game.
TheSixthHeatle::Bulls have no offense to match Miami' efficiency.
Black_Jellybean::da heat teach dem a lessin
boom_shakalaka1990::jeremy lin wont do $@%! now that melo is back melo isnt a team player its obvious
tommyspinelli::if melo doesnt gell with lin and be a team player, he will be on his way out.
robrobinson83::Dear melo: Gotta put the team before yourself!  Sincerely  Everyone
boom_shakalaka1990::he needs to start wanting to if he wants to win any games
utefan123::melo could be a team player if he wanted to but he doesn't
Black_Jellybean::derik rose fraid of lebron! He call me on da phone say plees acks lebron dont gard me plees! he embarss me makes me look like lil kid
trayhawk23::ha ha funny a bit exaggerated and Im sure you'll agree that rose isnt scared of lebron. But as is the case with everything good and positive that lebron does - which bascially makes up the majority of his life and career people forget how he was the man in that series vs chicago. Don't talk clutch $@%!. He was beyond clutch hitting huge shots at late moments. Also the celtics series. yet...two halves in two losses in finals - we're talking freakin four quarters! lebron haters - who are immune to facts of how cluthc he's been AND produced winning results in clutch games way beyond kobe. Check stats
Motif88::Ha! I'm from India and we don't use that kind of language translator.... think he made those up on his own...
Black_Jellybean::yall is a mean bunch ofs peepl
Black_Jellybean::not blame peepl for my bad life. but no more ymca to live. coulnot go to skool from grade 5
Black_Jellybean::yes i said i won lots of money nows an bot comptr and am learn enlish. was poor no home an now rich nice peeple help me.
robrobinson83::No Lebron skipped College and went straight to the NBA. He would have had a free ride in college. No one is making fun of anyone who grows up on hard times. I grew up on hard times but I made things work out by working hard and not blaming my situation on anyone else!
illestprospect::F*ck hard times. Dude couldve went to any college in the country for free.
nvorod24::you can't be that poor you are typing away in a basketball forum and you obviously have a PC.
Black_Jellybean::you all make fun of da peopl who not fortunite likes you an grows up poor an hard time?
robrobinson83::College dude.
Black_Jellybean::lebron did finit school
illestprospect::Too bad be didn't go to school long enough. Maybe he'd have a proper post game and be better at the FT line by now
Black_Jellybean::is 33 years old. 1 day i won lots of money and dont hav to live in da ynca no more. bot comptr and now im learn how to spell english
nvorod24::I think he is using some sort of language translator from India.
Black_Jellybean::lebron a nice dood he fins skool and tell all da kids stay in skool. maybe dey grow ups an be famous baskitball star to
nvorod24::You must be one of the fisherman from the show Swamp People.
nvorod24::Turn on your spell check!
tommyspinelli::what grade are you in? and when did you learn how to type?
Big Black Guy::I always found it funny that Lebron stars in these new "Stay in school" campaigns.
Black_Jellybean::lebron it da best eva! Nobudy slam bam da rock like lebron do! Acks pro like me!  Da bulls fraid lebron put wammy on dem!
Jaycraw28::Your point?
robrobinson83::Except the bulls are a model team built with draft picks and free agents. Miami is a team full of egotists who got together  to win as many championships as possible.
trayhawk23::god what $@%!$@%!! they got players in miami to win! pure devilish acts. First off, LBJ was never going to win a ring with the B players cleveland surrounded him with. He knew that. He willed them singehandlely to finals in 07 - you think mj could have led that team to finals  or more so two back to back best records in the league? No, MJ says, well I wouldn't have gotten with majic and larrry.....sure you didn't have to you had two hall of fame players (pippen, later rodman) and 4 with jackson at helm NO Team has ever won a title without at least one maybe two future Hall of famers or 1 and 1 or 2 elite level players. EGO? Lebron took a paycut to come to miami. He also gave up being the center of attention on his team in doing so...wow..what ego...This $@%!$@%! about rings is ludicrous - hell nobody picked (and go and check) for miami to even reach the finals last year. They did. Kobe has has a HOF'er in shaq, nba all first or second teamers surrounding him his whole career - bynum, odom, gasol. Lebron had Not one player anyone close to that caliber in cleveland. Larrry bird? christ - two hof'ers well three with him + mchale, dennis johnson. Majic? Good Lord - he practically had an all star team around him - two 3 hall of famers - himself, kareem, worthy, Dr. J? Malone, mo cheeks. Mavericks. - dirk and kidd + who did cleveland have on par with tyson chandler? Spurs? Hell tons on talent two maybe three hall of famers -r obinson, duncan, first or second teamers in ginobli and parker. I could go on. But lebron did an unprecedented job leading role players to the finals and best record pretty much by himself. Shag was way way way way beyond him prime and doens't  factor when he was there. The announcement. Ok, maybe not done in the best way. He legitimately apologized and ackowledged and emphathised with his fans watching it and understand he went about it in the wrong way. You know what the revenue from the "announcement" generated? It raised 3 million dollars. LBJ didn't pocket it. No, I guess his huge ego was in full force when he gave it to the the boys and girls club. ANd don't look upon that lightly as lebron has been heavily involved and given so much to that charity for years. What a bad guy. Sweet jesus people ..the foundation for the ultra-lebron hatred is unfounded and incredibly unfair.
nvorod24::good lord...I must have been absent at school when they introduced this language?  WHAT??
tommyspinelli::shouldn't you be doing your spelling homework?
Big Black Guy::I'm pretty sure this is another one of Lebron's usernames. He trolls the heat forum from time to time.
robrobinson83::It is definitely a learning experience for Lin, and a message from some of the leagues best "welcome to the big leagues"! Hopefully Lin will bounce back and continue to improve his game.
Big Black Guy::Lebron is the best regular season player of all time. I'd mention jordan and chaimberlain, but they actually show up in the playoffs. So yes, Lebron is in a league of his own.
nba is the worst::Jordan and Chamberlain showed up in the reg season too - and thus have outplayed lebr0n there as well
Big Black Guy::I swear some of you "haters" are feeding into the hype more than espn. Not one knick fan is expecting Lin to avg 25 and 15. All we want is 15 and 7-9. So quit with the "he's not an elite pg so blah blah blah turnovers".
tommyspinelli::and this is why us knicks fans love lin he is an unselfish player that can distribute the ball and give players open looks.
Big Black Guy::Coming from an undrafted, halfway unwanted asian PG, that means a lot to us knick fans. We'll take that any day over Norris Cole or Mario Chalmers.
tommyspinelli::lins gonna average 14-16 points and 12-15 assists in his prime.
Big Black Guy::That last sentence made absolutely NO sense. Thought I'd let you know.
Big Black Guy::oh ok
illestprospect::Lol wtf man. I'm saying according to what seems like the majority of fans, Rose is a nobody. It's one thing to not like a team, but theres clear disrespect for one of the better and most humble players in the league.
Big Black Guy::I thought we were talking about Derrick Rose? Mehhh, I digress.
illestprospect::I'm talking fans. Lin is respected by the media, it's the fans that create all the non sense.
KazHashi13::Except he won the MVP last year.
Big Black Guy::Who downplays Derrick Rose? Cite one respectable source, please. Otherwise you're out of your mind; Kid is hands down the most respected player in the eastern conference.
illestprospect::Lol really? It means he gets downplayed so much that he doesnt appear to be a 'star' of any kind.
illestprospect::Deal with it. I'm convinced Derrick Rose is hardly a role player the way people talk about him.
nba is the worst::Too bad about lebr0n's mental weakness
Gogoberrymix6::Yes FloridaGatorsForever LeBron has been the most complete player for a while
FloridaGatorsForever::LeBron developed a post game this year, just saying. Most complete player in the game.
tommyspinelli::it's amazing that "the most complete player in the game" doesnt show up for the 4th quarter.
nba is the worst::And is #1 AND #5 alltime in Finals scoring decline compared to his reg season avgs
tommyspinelli::in the all-star game chatroom  they removed my  "lebrick in the armor" comment.
nvorod24::Why do people keep saying "Lin had one bad game, give the kid a chance"?  Seriously, he is getting a chance and as a PG he a turnover waiting to happen.  Doesn't he have the record for the most turnovers by starting PG.  With that said can the Knicks really expect him to play well in the playoffs when the pressure will be even more magnified and defenses are more relentless?  I just hope ESPN stop trying to feed the nation this Lin kid already...
Jaycraw28::Yeah as a Back up....not sure if he's starter material right now....
Big Black Guy::haters gonna hate. Ppl can say whatever they want about lin, but i'm pretty sure every single team in the league would take him at this point. That says a lot more than your biased opinion.
tommyspinelli::oh yeah, moses malone, anthony mason, and the greatest undrafted player ever, wilt chaimberlan.
nvorod24::ok place your chips on this kid.  Who was the last elite undrafted player in the NBA?
robrobinson83::I can understand being skeptical, but most people are being down right negative about Jeremy Lin. He is playing well and hard, giving knicks fans something to cheer about, and he's humble about it and not letting it go to his head. Like I said I can understand being skeptical but if you don't want to be supportive and hopeful about this guys career, why bother saying anything at all?
KazHashi13::Place your chips?  You act like believing in Lin is costing the Knicks fans something.
tommyspinelli::Jose Calderon, avery johnson, john starks, ben wallace, you sound like a biased lin hater.
tommyspinelli::lin is very inexperienced, once he gets it, he will be an elite player  right now he is a baby goku  and eventually he will be a super saiyan.
fdavidson1106::Lebron says, " never ever , never ever , gonna get on my level, what get on my level, never ever, ever ever
divakchopra::even steve nash and some of the great PGs have had bad games like this.  lin is still new to all of this.  give the kid a break
sportsplex23::he has done good in the few games he has played...maybe 3 good teams. WAY to early to tell what kind of player he will turn out to be.
Yankeesfan459::Undrafted from Harvard in his 11th NBA start against the best team who have just 2 losses at home, while the Knicks have been 9-2 with him and he has one bad game and he's automatically bad. UNDRAFTED, he's exceeded expectations already and is entitled to a bad game.
nycpratl::agreed.  challenge for the knicks is living up to expectations.  they paid max money to 3 guys.  that should get you better than a 8-15 record (pre Lin) with losses to tor, mil, gs, charlotte.  inexcusable.  now what?  8th place finish in the east?  more mediocrity?
Joshuatr1015::Kobe Said that the Thunder Cant Eat lunch ? He is just getting mean now
drharris12::RunTheBall 22 I actually have to give credit to here.  Kobe is better now/when he won by himself then he ever was when Shaq was with LA. And why? It's cuz he is maniacal about his approach to the game. Watch his footwork, watch what he does in the post and how easy it is for him to make moves and hit fade-away jumpers cuz he doesn't have to think about what he is doing with his body, it's all muscle memory.  If LeBron could just do that, realize that if he puts more time into the more ugly parts of the game of basketball and worry less about overpowering ppl on his way to the rim, he'd be even more unstoppable than he is now
Joshuatr1015::Get Kobes Balls out your mouth!
RunTheBall22::put some information in your brain and you wont look like a fool and have to resort to petty insults. just a thought, but you might want to try it
RunTheBall22::he said they can't eat at his lunch table. and thats the table for champions, so they can't. neither can Lebron
RunTheBall22::your right, it's not like he ever won a ring without shaq.  lol
Joshuatr1015::Oh the Table that Shaq gave him permission to sit at?
RunTheBall22::Lebron just hired a special coach to show him how to cut a steak. hope he doesn't choke
Cousinbilo::He hired Lin
Cousinbilo::Boats and Hoes!
Joshuatr1015::HAHAH you see the New Season?
Joshuatr1015::I love it hahaha
Cousinbilo::Not yet.
RunTheBall22::eight  seasons and no rings. Lin has a better shot to get more at the pace Lebrons goin. witch is none every year
drharris12::I think James will be better in the 4th quarter of the playoffs this year, but even if he isn't, the Heat can win w/o him. LeBron could get hurt or something, and the Heat could still get out of the East, all there really is for competition is the Bulls.  and we all know Wade can go off and win a series on his own.  I put LeBron around 3 rings, depending on A: If his athleticism holds up until he is 31/32ish and B: He develops a better post game, focuses on the little things like footwork and body control (which he naturally excels at) so that when his athleticism does decline it doesn't hurt him
nycpratl::not a lebron fan but that doesn't make sense.  james is poised to get a ring very soon.  they got very close last year and this team is better
Joshuatr1015::Same Pace your on with Chicks !! ohhhhhh , Well not counting the ugly one you have! OHHHHH
Joshuatr1015::It was a joke man calm down
RunTheBall22::well, we now know who can't get a chick, wants the number of someone he doesn't even know the sex of. way to go buddy.
Joshuatr1015::If you are can i have your number?
RunTheBall22::how do you know I'm not a chick?
brandonlee561heat::Now all you have to do is post it 12 more times, to make it believeable.
DirtBaGP::You guys know how to post video on...Facebook?
sportsplex23::want some face cake?
drharris12::Problem with that game for Lin is that all those turnovers, would have been called fouls (or atleast 5-7 of them) if he were playing anybody but the Heat. LeBron, Wade and co. simply cannot foul, it is impossible.  The NBA is basically somewhere between real sports like hockey and football and the WWE, and the longer Stern sits in the throne (sorry LeBron) the more and more it will move towards the latter and away from the former
drharris12::yeah   I agree with everything except the top pg in the league convo. If he develops the jumper, he is in the convo for the no. 2.  D Rose is just SOOO filthy right now I dunno if Rondo has even a chance to catch him. And I was a hater on D Rose the last few years, even a little last year. But there is no denying how good he is right now.  If I'm a knicks fan I am thrilled with Lin's potential though. When I watch him play I see intelligence and craftiness and I think that is HUGE in today's NBA. More craftiness than intelligence (ala my praises of D Rose) but when Lin combines the two, and adds that clutch factor, he's gunna be good for a long time
drharris12::NYCpratl  Absolutely. And Lin has been the beneficiary of the NBA being not on the level so far until last night. I mean I like Lin and the Knicks minus Mello, but he was getting gift calls and star treatment after his very first good game. So he went into his first start getting star treatment.  Meanwhile my point guard, Rondo, has been an elite player now for 2 or 3 years and an all star, yet he can't buy star treatment. Since the big 3 are no longer stars, we have nobody on our team getting star treatment. Celtics are bad cuz they are old and KG is a punk, so it has no real effect on their abilities to be a contender (they have none), it's just how it is.   It's not a coincidince that Rondo went nutty and whipped the ball at the ref RIGHT in the middle of Linsanity. Rondo was getting mauled all game, yet he was getting called for fouls. Stuckey shot 15 free throws in the game (Celtics as a team shot 15) and when Rondo drove and the Piston center landed on him after the layup attempt and no foul was called, he lost it. He watched Lin get that treatment after not really earning it (I like Lin, not tryin to bash him at all) so he felt he was getting shafted
nycpratl::drharris12  I like Rondo's game and improvement.  Would love to see him develop a consistent 15-20 foot jump shot. with at least an occasional 3pt threat.  That would put him in the top PG in the league conversation.
Joshuatr1015::Lebron doesnt foul he is too good BAM
drharris12::I never said the Knicks were in the same universe, but the depth of Lin's ineffectiveness does have a greater reason than he is a D-league player
nycpratl::probably true that Lin didn't get some calls he should have.  nba has been set up that way for a long time.  jordan, magic, kobe all tended to get the benefit of the doubt.  they've made a lot of money with stern so it's hard to knock it.  perhaps it's time to revisit as league popularity has declined
drharris12::Not a Knicks or a Lin fan
drharris12::Heat are darn good, and significantly better than the Knicks absolutely. I predicted OKC over Miami in 6 games before the season started.  I am just saying there was a reason Lin looked that bad last night compared to how he looked against other teams, and while some of that has to do with Miami being an elite defensive team, a lot of it has to do with what allows Miami to be so dominant defensively, and that's that they don't get called for many fouls. At all  I noticed the ridiculous LeBron treatment when he was in Cleveland, and it's gotten much better since he went to Miami, meaning he gets called for more fouls now than he used to.  BUT, that kind of points to my ORIGINAL argument that the NBA is kind of rigged. When he was in Cleveland, before "the decision" he was getting the most favorable treatment, because in the public's eyes LeBron was a basketball God and a good, humble man. After the decision however, the public did a 180, and he became a villain. So, the NBA started calling more fouls against him.  He still does get absurd star treatment now, it's just not as bad as it used to be. I love Wade and Bosh though, Bosh IMO is the key to u guys winning it all. If LeBron does crumble late in playoff games, you guys should lean on Wade and lean on Bosh in the post. Bosh's post moves are top 3 in the league
nycpratl::agree.  and I'm a knick fan.  knicks are not in the same universe as heat right now.
brandonlee561heat::So when Lin drove to the basket, that was a charge on Lebron, when he was 3 feet in front of the restricted area, with his feet set? COME ON MAN!
sportsplex23::Then dont defend them, they lost and never had a shot.
sportsplex23::seriously stop! you look like a fool tryin to defend Lin...he turns the ball over, HEAT WON KNICKS LOST! End of story!
drharris12::he as in LeBron? When did it happen?
nycpratl::celts had a great run with that team.  hated watching bird, mchale, parish beat up on knick teams in the 80's.  but much respect
drharris12::Thank you. And if you could take it easy on my nursing home Celtics the next time you guys play us. I think if LeBron and Wade put their minds to it, you guys could beat us by 75 pts
brandonlee561heat::No.
drharris12::I just looked it up, you are correct. I was wrong and I apologize.  However, do you think it is reasonable that LeBron once went 5 straight games without picking up a single foul???
brandonlee561heat::3 times in his first 4 years, and once two years ago.
drharris12::How many times, in his entire NBA career, has LeBron fouled out of a game?? Or even sniffed foul trouble at any point?   Im pretty sure, 4 fouls, is the most he has ever been assessed in a single game. Even Jordan and Kobe fouled out of games, and they weren't 1/10th as physical as LeBron.
drharris12::I assume you agree with this person?
drharris12::Just read this  http://howtowatchsports.com/2010/01/lebron-james-foul-issue-a-rebuttal/
brandonlee561heat::He fouled out 4 times in his career.
drharris12::Haha thanks, I've been watching basketball, at all levels, for 20 years. But its cool, you're a heat fan, you prob didn't even know what basketball was until a  year and a half ago
drharris12::Never said I was
Jubin3567::20 years of watching basketball ? You MUST be an expert !
brandonlee561heat::Try to understand what a foul is.
JOHN393996::still waiting for a michael jordan to appear in the nba. it sure isnt gunner kobe or james.jordan was the man.bottom line
2008SLH::There would be no Lebron without Michael, Kobe has 5 rings or would'nt even mention him, but how many players in the NBA will eclipse both Michael and Kobe stats in every category outside free throw%
je5725::Thunder 2012 NBA Champions   Deal With It ! ! !
nycpratl::get out of the west first.  we'll see how that works out.
brandonlee561heat::No one is scared of that two man team, not even Washington. . .
illestprospect::Sorry but James harden is better than anyone else on the Heat not named Bosh, Wade or James. Don't act like Durant and Westbrook have to completely carry that team. Especially when youre naming off Heat role players like there aren't dozens like them in the league.
sportsplex23::or cole or haslem or battier?
brandonlee561heat::Does the three you are talking about include Chalmers? Because he has a better 3-pt shooting % than all but 5 guys in the league.
illestprospect::If that's the case nobody is scared of the three man team in Miami. All you have to do is get in their head and you win.
BadLikeJamesTodd::Cubas team didnt want him so Miami settled.
BadLikeJamesTodd::What did Matisyahu say to Lebron James? Your not the only king without a crown  source: http://www.jokes4us.com/celebrityjokes/lebronjamesjokes.html
BadLikeJamesTodd::LeBron's new nickname should be "The LeBron Stopper."
BadLikeJamesTodd::"Man, I just love LeBron. He just gets his fans. He just gets America. He's just so easy to root for!!" - Nobody
BadLikeJamesTodd::Maybe LeBron should try hockey. The NHL only has three periods.
