Tony Hartmann::The only real winners of this game were the people who didn't watch.
Luc Whissell::LMAO, absolutely.
Bernard Jean::Nets 60 Knicks 59   3OT
Alissa Dais::Man these guys suck.  Jazz Fans
Blixa Ridgeback::agree....     go spurs go!
Winter Scarf::is it possible neither team wins this game?
Mark Sugimoto::Melo says "I want out of this mess". Melo you are partly to blame for the mess. You will never lead an NBA team to a title. You don't make your teammates better, you don't play defense, you don't know what an assist is, and you don't make other good players want to play with you. A cancer and a coach killer. Lebron James and Chris Paul make you look like a joke. The team played better and won when you were injured.
Arsenio Sp::lebron have wade and bosh while paul have griffin and  crawford,what do melo have a bunch of poor   shooter.lf you knew basketball is about the composition of the team melo dont have a superstar teamate like leb
Mark Sugimoto::Arsenio Sp Exactly my point. No superstars want to play with Melo. He is not a team player. He only cares about his stats unlike Lebron and Paul.
King Jaffe Joe::Chris paul makes players better but exactly what has he won? How many rings does he have? How many times has he been out of the first round? He's a pg, his job is to make others better. But how effective has he really been?
Matt Washburn::This game is on tv? lmao. Battle of the worst in the NBA. Haha New York sports are a joke.
Cole Hall::Yeah if only they could be as good as Michigan Football
Nick Koeh::Dude do you have a life? Honestly all you do is comment on Knicks articles. We get it, you hate the Knicks, now go make something of yourself.
Trevor Hennington::I bet when TNT set this game they didn't realize it would be between two of the worst teams in the league.
Sean Gallagher::What a revelation, Captain Obvious.
Devin Baranick::I thought the New York sports scene hit an all-time low when the buttfumble happened.....oh how wrong I was.....
Booboo Bear::I still like the fumble more.  But of course I am biased being from New England.  Your fiance is beautiful.  You are a lucky guy for sure.  ;)
Devin Baranick::Booboo Bear Thank you!
Daniel Yost::Nets win 23-18 in  a thriller.
Lester Avellan::In triple overtime!
Scott Carter::Melo scores all 18. On 47 shot attempts.
Marcus Grein::Scott Carter actually he got 19 on 12 shots. Try again later.
Bernard Jean::The head coach of the losing team of this game should be fired. Make this interesting.
Gareth Westwood::Lawrence Frank already has been...
Yo Suzee::Battle of the bum teams.
Dee Yin::Lawrence Frank is not a head coach. Not a head coach to begin with.
Mark Herd::So Kidd demotes Lawerance Frank for difference in philosophies.  Perhaps Frank had a philosophy centered around winning basketball games.
Tony Cristaldi::Perhaps neither coach did. Frank started off 157-129 in his first 4 seasons as a head coach. Starting with the 2007-08 season, he went 118-206.
Ryan McGonigle::Lawrence Frank was the coach of the Nets when the Nets traded Kidd to the Mavs... No doubt that Kidd held that in his heart.. Karma is a trip..
Alexander Stapinski::Wow, it looks like the Nets are coached by someone who has never done this before...
Junior May::Today we are witnessing history.  This game will end up in a tie.    20  overtimes, and 8 hours later, this willl end in a tie.   The janitor will actually turn the lights off and put on  the intercom/speakers,  Semi Sonic-Closing time.
Gary Roberts::Good call.
Andrew Lipham::pathetic effort by the nuts
Dean Helming::KG is done.  He needs to retire.
Andrew Lipham::he can also keep harassing foreigners and rookies
Dean Helming::Alex Doub his legacy is going down hill fast
Angel Payano::KGs legacy is fine. When he retires no one is going to remember or care about his time in Brooklyn
Julie Price::Funny, my buddy at work was talking about KG being a bully...he said: "KG is a punk, he only picks on Euros, Midgets, Whites, and Cancer Patients".
Luc Whissell::Your buddy is an idiot.
Julie Price::Avery Johnson fired with more wins and less talent....Kidd still employed with less wins and more talent.  Hmmmm
Luc Whissell::Not a Brooklyn fan but Kidd is missing a lot of the "more" talent.
Julie Price::When they were healthy they were losing. Just another excuse
Luc Whissell::Julie Price They were never all healthy.
Jabari Akil::Remember when the media was saying the Heat should look out for the Nets after the one point win? Yeah, definitely lmao.
Will DLc::what a blowout....regardless the opponent the Knicks looked alive.....
Mark Waschbusch::Everyone should celebrate with McRibs!
Brian Robbins::If NY baasketball teams played each other 10 times...both teams would lose 8 of 10
Eric Remillard::Sorry Brooklyn.. But you should already know your life's gunna blow
Joshua Cudyker::finally a big win. lets see the knicks put a 9 to 10 game winning streak
Dee Yin::Texans-Jaguars game > Knicks-Nets game.
Dee Yin::Unless u have League Pass and watch Clippers-Grizzlies at 8. Or just wactch some Holiday Specials from whatever channel u can find.
Justin Porter::This game will be cancelled due to the fact that neither team wants to win.
Jose Rivera::Who's the laughingstock now? Boy that was a good game!! You saw flashes of brilliance from the Knicks against Denver,Indiana and chicago but tonight they rose to occasion on a much needed victory with all eyes on them on national TV.Go knicks!!!!
Samuel R Cox::Lets hope all eyes were nowhere near this game.
Luc Whissell::Actually, both teams are laughingstocks.
