norrismokey::what this team needs is a SF though... MKG would be a perfect fit for us (harrison barnes have bust written all over him tbh). MKG, andre drummond, or anthony davis would be the best pick imo.
norrismokey::kings will be good 2 years later if this team keeps its young core. all our young players have a high ceiling. i'm expecting our team to be contenders later on in this decade... if demarcus stays and matures up.
jonny0916::The Kings will be good again one day
DaFranchize11::The kings were joking with that starting line up right? Right????
GO_PADRES_GO::Well I'm out also,GG rockets gn all. GO Kings
poweredbyjae::More turnovers than assists, not exactly the recipe for winning basketball.    No question, Kings need a real distributor but Chris Pauls of the world don't grow on trees.
Psychrates::Seriously. CP3 and Chauncey? Cmon, that aint fair...
Psychrates::Every team needs one, but if you can get more than one you have more than one. And there just ain't enough to go around...
Psychrates::I'm outta here myself Padre. Til the next game thread good man.
GO_PADRES_GO::GN, later
GO_PADRES_GO::josher is just made because he likes to rag on jimme but he had a solid game
josher1223::Mark my words next year will be worse if they trade tyreke. He would be fine surrounded by good players and playing for a good coach Goodnight. Padres really? whose the moron?
Psychrates::No jumpshot. No BBIQ whatsoever. Selfish. Stubborn. He's not good.
GO_PADRES_GO::The avg IQ on this board went up with you leaving, gn tool box
Psychrates::Weren't you leaving?
GO_PADRES_GO::Yeah because I picked them to win it all, not
Psychrates::Now you get it. Bye bye.
josher1223::Your right couple moves and the Kings win it all BAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAhAHAHAHahAH
GO_PADRES_GO::josher is a moron
josher1223::tyreke is the only one with enough athleticism to compete with real guards like him or not he is your only shot at being good.
Psychrates::Do yuo watch these games? The locker room's divided:  Thornton/Evans/Salmons/Greene    COusins/THompson/IT/Jimmer/Thomas/ Williams
josher1223::every cocky rookie who shoots every time he touches it (at 37 percent) gets treated the same way. welcome to the pro's
Psychrates::Watch any interview where Thornton or Evans are asked about Jimmer. He's intentionally being blackballed.
GO_PADRES_GO::He is overrated, hope Orlando would take him and a draft pick for D12
GO_PADRES_GO::and if he didn't give any effort it would really bring down his value as a FA to see him acting like a complete diva
Psychrates::He doesn't. I think when he saw DMC next year he will. It's an ideal situation to play out one year, make yourself look good and hit FA smelling like roses.
GO_PADRES_GO::he would not have a choice
josher1223::Do you really think howard would put any effort into the Kings? He would make sure not to get hurt. If he has a no trade clause he would never come
Psychrates::Carmelo Evans is poison.
josher1223::How do you have the ball all the time with a 24 sec clock? If you think Dwight is creating drama because he wants out of Orlando... He would start slapping Smarts kids to get out of Sac!
Psychrates::The rookie doesn't save. He accents. ANd that would be Magic Johnson.
Psychrates::Yup, Magic was a big part of that though.
josher1223::Even he needed the NBA's all-time scorer to wn the ship
Psychrates::If we manage to draft Davis Or MKG all the better.
josher1223::who is the last rookie that saved a team the very next year? Doesn't happen
Psychrates::PG/SG shoots ball. D12 or DMC  most likely get that ball. dunk or kick. over and over again.
GO_PADRES_GO::I'm trying to ignore you and its hard when you won't shut up
Psychrates::Cut the BS or I'll ignore you too and you can howl at the wind.
josher1223::I wanted to ignore you too but your comments are so stupid and unrealistic I couldn't
GO_PADRES_GO::but even with those 2 big men, we need defense on the wings
Psychrates::Homeycutt I like in that role. Thornton's adequate. Garcia is adequate...hgmmm. You're right.
Psychrates::THe rebounding would limit,the opps. possessions. Not too necesary when you have the ball all the time.
Psychrates::Jimmer's fast. HE ain't quick by any means.
josher1223::Tough to do with 5'9 and slowest player in the league starting together tonight
GO_PADRES_GO::yeah but we need to defend the perimeter
josher1223::If the Kings got a whole new team they could be good. They have no true all-star and it will take years to build a contender. You will never get a big free agent because you are in SAC! Sorry for the reality check
Psychrates::We don't FAs, and D12 ain't one. FA we sign SHOULD be trade pieces, not actual players to keep.
Psychrates::.
Psychrates::well since yuo have nothing good to say, I figured you had experience with being a d i c k
josher1223::You seem to be an expert on that.
GO_PADRES_GO::It would be even better if we got AD, then we could put AD and whiteside as our BACKUPS! They might block as many shots as the starters
Psychrates::Anybody else look @ the Mock Draft and say: "they gave us the crappiest guy they could for our draft position?"
GO_PADRES_GO::we would also be great inside, with a shot blocker and charge taker defending the paint
GO_PADRES_GO::the only problem I would have with trading for D12 is touches. He is gonna want his touches, so will DMC, and thornton.
Psychrates::Exactly. They can take as many as they like now. it will ALWAYS get cleaned up.
GO_PADRES_GO::we just need the perimeter players to make 3's
Psychrates::Without perimeter d, this too  would be damn hard to beat. Adelna's Princeton O works perfectly with DMC, and Howard is the remedy for Princeton O's weakness: rebounding.
Psychrates::Ball is shot by thronton/jimmer/williams/thomas, right? d12/DMC underneath the rim get EVERYTHING coming their way.
Psychrates::Probably highest scoring season ever.
Psychrates::He'd get a million put backs.
Psychrates::To the guy who was Yelling BRADLEY BEAL:   We don't need another SG.
GO_PADRES_GO::has anybody in the organization even brought up a trade for D12?
Psychrates::THey're too busy trading in 'actresses' and Ed hardy T-shirts to notic hteir empire is on fire.
Psychrates::Only the sane ones, so nobody.
Psychrates::Mock Draft says we're taking Andre Drummond. Y or N?
Psychrates::THe report said Amare Stoudemire and I got scared.
GO_PADRES_GO::N, because I'd rather have other people. Very talented on defense though but if we get D12 and have whiteside we might not need him
GO_PADRES_GO::this all sounds great and peachy, but we know it won't happen. The maloofs would never go for a blockbuster deal that would bring in more fans, more excitement, and make this team a contender in the west
Psychrates::Larry Ellison all is expressing interest, but not as trustworthy.
Psychrates::Me too.
Psychrates::If  Burkle can come in, he has the money to make it happen.
GO_PADRES_GO::sure hope you are right
Psychrates::They may not have a choice. The Maloofs are totally broke, and Stern's calling their debts at the BoG this week. They messed with the wrong guy.
GO_PADRES_GO::the question is do we keep D12 if he wants to stay(say if we make the WCF or Finals)?
Psychrates::Yup. You'll have the  1st and 3rd  best rebounders in the game to kick o-bounds out to Jimmer, Thornton, Thomas and a re-signed Williams, plaus if we're lucky, MKG or Anthony Davis.
Psychrates::We're stuck w/ Salmons. As long as he just drills threes in the corner, I'm ok with him as 9th/10th off bech.
GO_PADRES_GO::we might need to add 1 more shooter, maybe steal JJ reddick from the magic in the trade?
Psychrates::I think this team would beat the Heat next year. DMC's leap this year was insane. Next year with some post help he's off the charts.
GO_PADRES_GO::and when DMC drives, if the C and pf double him, he can lob to D12
Psychrates::This is Boogie's team, let there be no doubt. If we win it all he stays. If we fail, thanks d12.
Psychrates::Nope. championship or bust.
GO_PADRES_GO::we would also need a new coach if we got D12, SVG?
Psychrates::I would even take PJ....bleh....bleh....bleh.....
Psychrates::Can we call Rick, apologize after the Maloofs leave?
Psychrates::Sactown Royalty fans?
GO_PADRES_GO::the good thing is D12 wouldn't have to agree to the deal, they could just trade him. I just wish the Buffoffs would get rid of evans and make this major power play
Psychrates::Then, we lose him getting 20m in cap space.
Psychrates::That's the trick. He'd HAVE to.
GO_PADRES_GO::I want D2 for evans but would like to keep Whiteside. maybe they will take Evans, Thompson, 1st round for him
Psychrates::Bigs are Cousins, HOward, Whiteside hayes.
littaballa14::Then Fredette, Greene, Williams coming off the bench.. need to get another big guy though besides Whiteside .. and Hayes
Psychrates::Oden was 60 when he was born.
Psychrates::GOd, no...
GO_PADRES_GO::lol maybe
littaballa14::Greg Oden...?
GO_PADRES_GO::sign a cheap guy off FA
Psychrates::I like having the 800lb gorilla and the smoothest big man on the floor together. Rebounding nightmare.
Psychrates::Thompson's finally ready, but now he's an UFA. Hence the S&amp;T I've been tlking about.
GO_PADRES_GO::Then we strike gold with MKG #2 and have IT Thornton MKG DMC D12 and bam instant playoffs and sleeper team
Psychrates::The opp. team probably doesnt get more than 20-30 possessions.
littaballa14::I could see them accepting that
Psychrates::Can you call GP, kill the Maloofs, and make the deal before stern finds out?
Psychrates::Good.  like Whiteside too.
GO_PADRES_GO::a big problem of dmc is his attitude. Too many techs, too much complaining, and makes a lot of stupid fouls
Psychrates::But a worse attitude to boot.
littaballa14::Marcus Camby has a little bit of a better resume than Chuck Hayes though..
Psychrates::That's what they thought with Chuck What The f u c k Hayes...
littaballa14::It would help him out so much though, how to be smarter on the defensive side, shot blocking, not committing dumb fouls, and just helping him mature.
Psychrates::NOthing old.
littaballa14::Get Marcus Camby for him!
Psychrates::attitudes done. stupid fouls are plentiful.
bball1083::Nice to see Tyler Honeycutt got some playing time tonight
bball1083::Looked so good out there for his generous minute
bball1083::lolol
GO_PADRES_GO::generous is being generous
GO_PADRES_GO::I know, he played great
natskivna::Rockets played a poor 2nd half and still cruised to a relatively easy win despite the fact the Kings shot 37 FT's to the Rockets 13 FT's.  Two teams going in opposite directions...
Psychrates::Only Texans b  i t c h about winning.
dt186504::The rockets have been out free-throwed 35 - 73 in the past 2 games.  Guess fouls dont get called against Texas teams until 2 hours after the game due to the time zone change...
Psychrates::DIE, MALOOFS!!!
littaballa14::I know Kings are looking good
natskivna::Hey....on the bright side, the Kings aren't moving their franchise!
GO_PADRES_GO::here
Psychrates::The kings could rack up 50+ rebs a nite  in the front court alone if they had d12
Psychrates::nooooo......
littaballa14::I think though the Kings are missing a veteran big guy that has actually had playing and playoff experience to help Cousins out
littaballa14::Or like a Marcus Camby or Brendan Haywood
Psychrates::D12
Psychrates::Most of his problem is over-playing, leading to fouls.
natskivna::DMC will never amount to much unless he stops being such a head case.
Psychrates::You dont know what youre talking abut.
Psychrates::No one has seen anything like DMC.  His game will be transformative. NExt year he goes bonkers.
GO_PADRES_GO::I'm a kings fan and know how good DMC is and can be but not the 2nd best C. I think he could possibly be the best C in the game if he becomes a consistent blocker with D12 having a weak offesive game outside of dunks
inguanzo187::20-30 possessions in 48 min. HAHAHA
Psychrates::tHAT'S WHY i WANT D12. The rebounding would be insane. You could limit a team to 20-30 possessions a game.
Psychrates::No. Cousins has shown Bynum who's boss. Not even close.
Psychrates::2nd best iz hoo?
GO_PADRES_GO::Bynum
littaballa14::Bynum.. 2nd best C
Psychrates::ok
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans1::So much for the 20 5 5 comparison.
GO_PADRES_GO::He is melo without clutch gene
Psychrates::Most overrated 20/5/5 in history.
TobiasTheGM::Evans + Thornton for John Wall. Cuz and Wall reunited.
Psychrates::Evans for Wall, shake hands and walk.
GO_PADRES_GO::no
3rdCoastTexan::you SAC fans are crazy....Orlando isnt going to give you Dwight for your garbage. The would want Evans AND Cousins
Psychrates::You don't dream you plan. You S&amp;T someone as part of the deal.
Psychrates::Besides. Orlando doesn't have a choice anymore. Theyre only getting garbage offers here on out.
Psychrates::DO NOT KEEP HIM. He's kinda weak willed.
GO_PADRES_GO::trade, try to win now, if we do something in the playoffs he might consider staying, if not we have cap
Psychrates::because he's 20m off my payroll when he's done. I hate tyreke, he's really Carmelo.
3rdCoastTexan::thats not true at all. Dwight isnt going to stay in SAC so why would you trade for him anyways?
GO_PADRES_GO::we can dream can't we?
Psychrates::They woulda got les than that already.
littaballa14::Bynum...
GO_PADRES_GO::I'm making new tab @ top of page continue there
Psychrates::So who is?
Psychrates::essentially his rookie campaign. Westphal deferred to Tyreke so much that Cousins turned into a giant screen last year.
Psychrates::6'10" 275 lb. Paul Pierce.
GO_PADRES_GO::I know cuz is extremely talented, but is not the 2nd best C yet
Psychrates::MY C cross-over between the legs for a damn dunk a SG.  MY C Can't behind the back pass to him self for a lane DUNK.
GO_PADRES_GO::his jumper isn't consistent enough and he doesn't go up strong in the paint
GO_PADRES_GO::I'm saying he is getting there but not the 2nd best C yet
Psychrates::Wha? He's got a sweet jumper out to 20 feet!
Psychrates::Blocks pretty damn well. What do you consider D then, If he takes charges, Rebounds crazy, and swats b all?
GO_PADRES_GO::he is also TO prone, is not a good defender outside of chargers, and shoots bad for a C
Psychrates::Only problem he has is fouls and not enough touches. Thornton and Evans shut him out when he's going too well.  No BS.
GO_PADRES_GO::he doesn't play defense besides taking charges, and is TO prone. Also needs to shoot better from the field and line
Psychrates::SHow me one better, that hits threes, rebounds, has a crossover, Yao like post skills and no-look passes...plus draws the most charges in the league, and it aint close?
littaballa14::Agreed! In a few years he will the best Center.
GO_PADRES_GO::DMC is not the 2nd best C yet, still has some problems. He is getting up there but not yet
Psychrates::Bynum can't be trusted. It's like Ron-Ron's Ghost is haunting him.
3rdCoastTexan::you are delusional, rico suave
Psychrates::Cousins is the best center not in Orlando.
littaballa14::Cousins is better than Gasol, but Bynum right now is one of the best big men and he's still playing with Gasol and Kobe so he doesn't always get the ball.
Psychrates::Pau looks like a heroin addict. Bynum after the $@%! he's BEEN pulling, has not that much value as Stephen A. would sell you.
3rdCoastTexan::lol no...he's not
Psychrates::Not both. Cousins is better than both.
3rdCoastTexan::pretty sure it was discussed...orlando never wanted to get rid of him
littaballa14::definitely never offered Pau and Bynum....
3rdCoastTexan::lol no they turned down Bynum and Pau for Dwight
GO_PADRES_GO::as good as it sounds to get D12 and DMC as the pf/c combo, we know the kings won't do that because for some reason they want evans even though he is overrated
GO_PADRES_GO::lets say we did get D12, how great would it be to also get MKG? IT thornton MKG DMC D12
TobiasTheGM::James Harden will be a restricted FA in '13. He's originally from CA, and may command too much $ for OKC. Why not throw a ton of money his way? Harden, MKG, and Cuz sounds like a nice trio.
Psychrates::IT's still bench, playing above himself right now. Good, not great.
JBurhenn253::You're a fool.
GO_PADRES_GO::and IT at pg?
TobiasTheGM::Yes, IT's got a bright future.
GO_PADRES_GO::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=6o9owwr would they do this with a 1st round pick?
GO_PADRES_GO::We can't give up our entire roster for a rental, I get evans but who else?
Psychrates::S&amp;T a FA in the offseason to make it good?
Psychrates::Re-signed Thiompson, or Salmons.
GO_PADRES_GO::who would the magic take?
Psychrates::EVERYONE WANTS COUSINS.
Psychrates::Evans, Jimmer, and 13-14 1st unconditional.
Psychrates::Evans and a 1st rder or two should do it.
Psychrates::Evans, Salmons, Honeycutt?
3rdCoastTexan::Orlando would want Cousins...they arent going to trade Dwight without getting a good center in return
i work at taco bell 1::KONY 2012
GO_PADRES_GO::We need to get rid of some players Garcia Evans Outlaw
GO_PADRES_GO::and salmons
TobiasTheGM::Imagine if the Kings miraculously win the lottery... DMC and Ant Davis. The Kentucky connection, are you kidding me? They suddenly become a sleeping giant out West.
Psychrates::There's your lob city back atcha
Psychrates::I still think we could get wall for Evans straight across.
littaballa14::That would be nasty
Psychrates::whoz you?
littaballa14::That is a good question...... :(
littaballa14::or get #3 pick and get MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
GO_PADRES_GO::or get #2 pick and have MKG as our sf
littaballa14::it is a possibility
GO_PADRES_GO::who would think we would be 1-10 w/o thornton?
Psychrates::Not me. I'm no fan of him as a starter, but we're winning.
TobiasTheGM::I'm eager to see who the Kings draft this year. DMC's emerging as the best center in the West, and could really use a scoring swingman like Bradley Beal.
Psychrates::This trade: Evans, 13-14 1st, anyone not named cousins, or unprotected 2nd round in 13-14
Psychrates::13-14
Psychrates::My design is a win now strategy with 20m in cap space 2014
Psychrates::Draw up the contract. I'm cheap.
littaballa14::I like your thinking. Will you come coach Kansas State please?
GO_PADRES_GO::you saying trade this coming 1st round or 13-14?
Psychrates::Except that's it.
Psychrates::IT, Thornton, Williams, and Jimmer could shoot all d a m n day.
Psychrates::Yeah. he comes off the books. Tyreke is overrated, and we'd be in the chmpionship picture overnight.
GO_PADRES_GO::do we want to do that for a rental?
littaballa14::Beal&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Everyone you just named ...
Psychrates::Trade Evans 2013 1st and anyone not named Cousins to Orlando for 1 year only of D howard
littaballa14::Nooo Beal will be a stud!
Psychrates::I want MKG.
GO_PADRES_GO::MKG
Psychrates::I want reke and 2014 pic for D12
TobiasTheGM::Yeah, but he'll likely go #2 so he may be out of reach, unless someone's interested in a trade for Reke.
Psychrates::He's unselfish, exactly what's needed, and stasrts right now.
TobiasTheGM::Damn, that would be ideal. He needs to work on his outside game, but he's a beast defensively.
GO_PADRES_GO::what  a shock
Psychrates::Shoulda known it first from the name drop...
Psychrates::He found a hero...
The Amazing Chef. Minnesota::Hello everybody. I know some of you may not know me but many of you may. Over the past 4 months, I have been a Minnesota Fan. I have trolled many other boards, and spammed many also. People were getting very annoyed with me.   I'm leaving ESPN. I'm done with it. I can't take the hatred. It makes me feel very bad. As a Minnesota Fan, people have trolled our boards in retaliation to my spamming and trolling. I know what I did was bad. People constantly asked me to stop, as I put a bad name on fellow Minnesota fans.   I was known for always writing in CAPS. I would write stupid statements about how the Wolves and Twins would win the title.  I ended up getting a few imposters... I started to get well known around ESPN. One day, actually a couple of days ago, someone wrote "The Amazing Chef is turning into the next Bill Ontario." I didn't want that to happen. So I had to stop.  I am not a bad person at all. I'm 18 years old, and I go to Apple Valley high school in Minnesota. I have a 4.0 GPA, and I will be going to Minnesota University next year.   I'm very sorry to those who were very irratated with my annoying spamming and trolling. It's done now. The Amazing Chef will not be seen again on ESPN boards.   Goodbye sports fans  -The Amazing Chef
JBurhenn253::It's university of minnesota not minnesota university. Some sports fan u are.
The Amazing Chef. Minnesota::Hello everybody. I know some of you may not know me but many of you may. Over the past 4 months, I have been a Minnesota Fan. I have trolled many other boards, and spammed many also. People were getting very annoyed with me.   I'm leaving ESPN. I'm done with it. I can't take the hatred. It makes me feel very bad. As a Minnesota Fan, people have trolled our boards in retaliation to my spamming and trolling. I know what I did was bad. People constantly asked me to stop, as I put a bad name on fellow Minnesota fans.   I was known for always writing in CAPS. I would write stupid statements about how the Wolves and Twins would win the title.  I ended up getting a few imposters... I started to get well known around ESPN. One day, actually a couple of days ago, someone wrote "The Amazing Chef is turning into the next Bill Ontario." I didn't want that to happen. So I had to stop.  I am not a bad person at all. I'm 18 years old, and I go to Apple Valley high school in Minnesota. I have a 4.0 GPA, and I will be going to Minnesota University next year.   I'm very sorry to those who were very irratated with my annoying spamming and trolling. It's done now. The Amazing Chef will not be seen again on ESPN boards.   Goodbye sports fans  -The Amazing Chef
The Amazing Chef. Minnesota::Hello everybody. I know some of you may not know me but many of you may. Over the past 4 months, I have been a Minnesota Fan. I have trolled many other boards, and spammed many also. People were getting very annoyed with me.   I'm leaving ESPN. I'm done with it. I can't take the hatred. It makes me feel very bad. As a Minnesota Fan, people have trolled our boards in retaliation to my spamming and trolling. I know what I did was bad. People constantly asked me to stop, as I put a bad name on fellow Minnesota fans.   I was known for always writing in CAPS. I would write stupid statements about how the Wolves and Twins would win the title.  I ended up getting a few imposters... I started to get well known around ESPN. One day, actually a couple of days ago, someone wrote "The Amazing Chef is turning into the next Bill Ontario." I didn't want that to happen. So I had to stop.  I am not a bad person at all. I'm 18 years old, and I go to Apple Valley high school in Minnesota. I have a 4.0 GPA, and I will be going to Minnesota University next year.   I'm very sorry to those who were very irratated with my annoying spamming and trolling. It's done now. The Amazing Chef will not be seen again on ESPN boards.   Goodbye sports fans  -The Amazing Chef
The Amazing Chef. Minnesota::Hello everybody. I know some of you may not know me but many of you may. Over the past 4 months, I have been a Minnesota Fan. I have trolled many other boards, and spammed many also. People were getting very annoyed with me.   I'm leaving ESPN. I'm done with it. I can't take the hatred. It makes me feel very bad. As a Minnesota Fan, people have trolled our boards in retaliation to my spamming and trolling. I know what I did was bad. People constantly asked me to stop, as I put a bad name on fellow Minnesota fans.   I was known for always writing in CAPS. I would write stupid statements about how the Wolves and Twins would win the title.  I ended up getting a few imposters... I started to get well known around ESPN. One day, actually a couple of days ago, someone wrote "The Amazing Chef is turning into the next Bill Ontario." I didn't want that to happen. So I had to stop.  I am not a bad person at all. I'm 18 years old, and I go to Apple Valley high school in Minnesota. I have a 4.0 GPA, and I will be going to Minnesota University next year.   I'm very sorry to those who were very irratated with my annoying spamming and trolling. It's done now. The Amazing Chef will not be seen again on ESPN boards.   Goodbye sports fans  -The Amazing Chef
