glenn30126::Has anyone else noticed the rookie Kyle has improved fg% with increased minutes.  I went to public high school..but isn't this a no brainer that he should start?
Gabriel Night::He's actually #2 in PER on the Magic, so I think they know. The team is still in testing mode.
jaer04::CAVS SUCK LOL
09manza::This game was huge for both teams as far as playoffs go - the cavs stay in the hunt only 13 games back of the final playoff spot with the magic hot on their heels only 19 back in the east!!
Gabriel Night::No highlight video huh?
oldcoach1961::Kevin Jones has added life to the cavs in there last 2 wins.
Uncle LaTom::Kyle O'Quinn is black?  Hahaha
monta huling::Cleveland need to go to zeller more he is a big with good to get the job done
quickbr0wnf0x::He's a rook, and big players usually take a little time to develop.  We shall see...
JohnsonnnL::They do go to him, he just isn't finishing plays. He needs to step up his game.
zachzach1010::Both the Magic and Cavs are in full tank mode. It seemed no one wanted to win this game.
YogaBeer::I disagree.    Was a good game tonight.   You don't leave THAT much blood on the court if you're tanking.
quickbr0wnf0x::Blood on the court - literally!
CLEVELANDCBI::Well said Yoga, great to see a true blue Cleveland fan on here.
YogaBeer::Two very young and talented teams that played tonight.   These two will be fun to watch as the grow back into contenders.   It was a good series this season Magic fans.    Best wishes in the off season and see you all next year.  Go Cavaliers!
JohnsonnnL::Lakers are choking away our draft pick.
Billy 320::They cant find it this year.
JohnsonnnL::I bet Philly wishes they could trade back for Vucevic and Harkless right about now.
dmankyser::magic won cavs lost (even though the scoreboard says cavs win), both of these teams should be benching every good player they got and playing scrubba dub dubs the rest of this year, scott should be fired for winning meaningless games, not for tanking to get a better draft position at this point
quickbr0wnf0x::Funny, the big story is how Scott's job is on the line because of the losing, and you want to fire him for winning.  Sometimes a guy just can't "win"
geradgorski::you play to win.... always.... and you are a Heat fan? no wonder you are a poor sport!!!!
JohnsonnnL::You don't fire a coach for winning games.
auditor0911::TANK CITY $@%!$ TANK TANK CITY @%!$@.
chris johnson 558::vucevic &gt; howard
YogaBeer::I would LOVE to have Vucevic on the Cavaliers.    The kid is a keeper.   I'd rather go see him play than Howard.
T.O.G.M.S.17::In all honesty i would take him over howard
mango_33::franchise player might be pushing it. He's still the best defensive player in the game (when healthy) in my opinion.
T.O.G.M.S.17::I don't see Dwight as a franchise player. He has too many flaws. Vucevic has a high ceiling
chris johnson 558::not that much bro i am trolling
T.O.G.M.S.17::If Cavs could somehow get a hold of Vucevic =) i can dream cant i
mango_33::Can't see the Magic parting with him now that Otis Smith is no longer the GM.
mango_33::^ Vucevic
.BootyLoaf.::id trade all our draft picks next 3 years... he'd complete us
JohnsonnnL::Otto Porter maybe
T.O.G.M.S.17::Gee is solid. But I think he could really excel and be better suited for a 2nd unit. I think if we can snag a big man talent and a great young wing, dang we'd be rollin
.BootyLoaf.::if gee can average 14 points and keep the to's down, with his D and athleticism i'd like him o start
.BootyLoaf.::gee's been turning up the last few games
T.O.G.M.S.17::Granted I'd stil love a starting SF but it would be nice
.BootyLoaf.::but seriously it worries me to see kyrie miss in the closing minutes... very uncomforting. something is up when he cant even hit in money time
SomeGuySays::Uhmmm ... doesn't he have a shoulder injury?  Isn't that why he's trying to step it up in other areas?  Kinda difficult to have the same stroke if your shoulder isn't cooperating.
YogaBeer::He'll come around.    Has had two bad shooting nights... BUT, he's playing much better D and is distributing the ball much better.
chris johnson 558::both teams in 2 years will be contending teams and the rivalary  will come to live again
Yata-garasu::Yep.
I like the Bucks::I am really kinda hoping for a tank next year to get Andrew Wiggins...kid is gonna be a star
YogaBeer::Sometimes there's a win-win with trades.   this may be one of those.   Harris wasn't getting the touches he needs and deserves with the Bucks, but is now getting.   Good player.
chris johnson 558::thank you for harris
I like the Bucks::Trades are never easy unless you are bringing in an absolute stud...it was hard to see Harris go, plus I still have hopes for Lamb as a shooter
Gabriel Night::I was down on the JJ trade, but Harris is pretty good.
I like the Bucks::Thank you for Redick...I'm hoping he comes in handy come playoff time
T.O.G.M.S.17::Wish I woulda watched this game. Woulda got to see a Cavs win and watch the most underrated player in the league Nikola Vucevic.
.BootyLoaf.::vucevic, harris, and Nicholson all very good underrated players
ctown8686::vucevic is a beast
T.O.G.M.S.17::very true. Magic have some nice players to work with
ctown8686::Good day today Tribe kicked @ss and the Cavs won :)
.BootyLoaf.::CLEVELAND ON DECK
chris johnson 558::i really miss jj in that clutch time
chris johnson 558::waive moore and sign beno
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Have a decent city to sign 2 super stars or suck for a few top 5 picks.   Until anybody else has a better way to compete, as a small city/market.......kick rocks.
Yata-garasu::Good luck.  The Magic will be a playoff team very soon(unless they miss the draft picks as mentioned above.)
.BootyLoaf.::ignore the trolls. magic have a bright future unless they swing and miss on the next couple drafts
.BootyLoaf.::I personally feel smart is perfect for your team. then if you land wiggins some how next year watch out. cavs-magic ecf 2.0
10owen16::I don't think kyrie cares if he gets 30 or 3 pts as long as he gets the win
rackcity222::lol he is 23-52 plz stop its not like they are going to the playoffs
.BootyLoaf.::you have issues
.BootyLoaf.::bad game.... we won and kyrie did awful.. oh well on to the next one.
10owen16::Scoring wise but he still had an influence on the game with 10 dimes
Yata-garasu::GG Magic!  We will see you guys in the lottery!  GO CAVS!!!
anonymous fans::people need to stop hating on kyrie, he is a top 3 pg in the league, just has had a couple bad games after injury, wall should never be mentioned in the same sentence as kyrie, irving will always be much better the wall
rackcity222::top 3 lmaoooooo just stop
james983070::Wall may have just found his game and lets see what the man can accomplish next year . Kyrie top 3 PG in the league? You gotta be kidding. CP3, Tony Parker, Westbrook, Rondo, Dwill...just to name a few that are better.
I like the Bucks::Rose when healthy...he is good but the PG position is loaded
Encaladitos::right now he is, arguable if he will continue to be. also he is not top 3 pg.
Effectful::John Wall is damn good though..
10owen16::He is not saying wall is bad he is saying Irving is good
I like the Bucks::you lost me at top 3
bronbronsdad::JV has perfected the tank
Lantngz::come on orlando we gotta lose this one
Yata-garasu::The comparison was that Durant shot 3-25 in a game in his second season.  Everyone struggles at some point.  Same thing with Irving.  This is the first time in Irving's career he has played like this.  He will be okay.  Just as Durant was okay.
I like the Bucks::Durant was a volume shooter his first couple years, I don't even think he was nearly as valuable to his team as Irving is right now
Yata-garasu::Durant improved a lot even though Irving has played better his first 2 years.  Both of the teams sucke also.
I like the Bucks::It is funny people hate on Irvings recent performances, but if they had the chance to have him on their team they would jump at the oppurtunity.
.BootyLoaf.::nonsense.. kyrie shouldn't even be starting in the nba he istrash!
anonymous fans::flagged
trizzo23::perfect game...played hard..stayed close...lost...go magic!!
james983070::Just 6 months ago...I would have said Irving&gt;Wall...easily. Now.......................
the.city.::well it's obvious that wall is better than irving right now. you can't argue against that
the.city.::so? that's part of the reason he's not better than wall right now.
Nasser_::wall is healthy .. kyrie isn't
.BootyLoaf.::now what? kyrie strung a few bad games after an injury? your point? cp3 went 2-13 just a week ago what does that mean?
Effectful::Both Zeller bros are terrible...
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Wrong.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::He's 20yrs old. He doesn;t know how to use his body yet.
Effectful::NUPE...NUPE...NUPE - Too early. Plus I doubt it.  He struggled to get physical against college players, so he won't be able to do anything against pros..
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Too early. Plus I doubt it.
Effectful::Tyler is alright sometimes but Cody is soft and won't do anything in the NBA
.BootyLoaf.::KYRIE NEEDS TO GET HIS SHI.T TOGETHER
Detroit smells like a port-a-potty::He can wait until next year....lol another top 3 pick please.
Effectful::And I thought we sucked..
jbewlersdayoff::NO CAVS NO! I want us to win the lottery this year!
FadeBackShootAirBall4::tobias harris is a rookie?
trizzo23::only did not play in milw...first 22 games in orlando has more points,rebounds,blocks,assist and 3 pts then both years combined with bucks ..and he is 20 yrs old
bronbronsdad::2nd year
FadeBackShootAirBall4::oh
I like the Bucks::No
Detroit smells like a port-a-potty::Damnit Cavs...we just gave the third pick to Phoenix...no way they win another game this season.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::After the first 2 picks in this years draft, it doesn't even matter.  McLemore, Noels or Bust.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Yea I agree.
jbewlersdayoff::evan turner caliber player is still an upgrade over Gee
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Oh, Porter isn't going to Phoenix.
Detroit smells like a port-a-potty::Well we want Noel or Porter so...
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Hype. He's another Turner.
Detroit smells like a port-a-potty::Porter?
Nasser_::Kyrie &amp; cavs haters : Get A life !
Yata-garasu::Harris/Vucevic/Harkless are all very good pieces.
LuckyMike442::Kyrie is money from the line
LuckyMike442::Last 30 seconds 2 from 2, 100%
rackcity222::and from the field 12-51 in his last 3 games
I like the Bucks::I really am happy to see Harris succeed for the Magic. Thing is he played great for the Bucks when he got minutes...but our coaches just never wanted to give it to them for some reason.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Other Bucks fans said he sucks, can't shoot the 3 &amp; doesn't play defense.  Witch is why he didn't play in Mil.
I like the Bucks::Defense was an issue, but with a ton of potential at 20 I could overlook it. Plus he has not looked bad at all behind the arc since the trade
.BootyLoaf.::kyrie pu the ball through the hoop ALLELUIA
FadeBackShootAirBall4::somebody tell kyrie he isn't kobe..stop it with the bricking
jbewlersdayoff::scoreboard
rackcity222::kyrie first points since the first quater
youcanactlikeaman87::first point
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Damn, Tobias can score.   Only 20yrs old. Hope it only gets better.
Nasser_::he will
Nasser_::Vucevic = monster
Effectful::I never actually knew how hard Howard carried Orlando lol.
Effectful::Kobe puts up more then him night in and night out so how is he carrying?
Gabriel Night::Exactly.  Nobody who played with DH is even on the court now. Completely different team and leadership.
trizzo23::magic dont have 1 player playing from last year...not 1
Gabriel Night::Like how he's carrying the Lakers now? Orlando only has one player playing who started the beginning of the season.
trizzo23::he needs more help with lakers
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::You still don't.....
Effectful::"Two games define what a players potential and career will turn out to be"  -Kyrie's Haters Logic.
rackcity222::plz irving is not kevin lets stop plz
vegasparlay702::Please never compare DURANT TO IRVING
Effectful::Yata-garasu - Hmmm....  Irving has played just as good.  Both their teams sucked.  Why not?  Because Kyrie doesn't get half his points at the FT line LOL.
Yata-garasu::Hmmm....  Irving has played just as good.  Both their teams sucked.  Why not?
.BootyLoaf.::I remember when kevin Durant had a 3-25 shooting night his 2nd season lol
