BuffaloBiLLiaM::Cant seem to find anything on Bayless' injury report. When's he coming back?
monta huling::The cats need help they are so bad it hurt I am a fan but it look like we the fans should stop watching them then they will play like they want some fan
99Joshua18::Give kidd gillie more minutes
bobcats 2020 nba champs::lebron was the biggest draft bust of all time
Grindhouse2413::Proud of the Bench and my fav player Conley. Youre next Houston. One game at a time, take every team serious. I BELIEVE
Sir_Gunners::I'm hoping the Cats continue this fine form next season, then we might have another shot at the number one overall pick again.   LET'S GO CATS.
1grizzfan4life::Conley has been BEAST! I hope he can continue this going into the playoffs.
sweet_lew09::It kinda sucks that the Grizz are so deep, I feel bad for the players who can't get minutes
mpres1973::LOL, what difference does money make? This world is deceived, you put people ahead over you based on money. God curses some people by giving them that much, grow up and use your head man. Don't screw up Gods work by saying something you know nothing about. What Im basically saying, in my house I wont listen to your lies, and this is my house for now.
1grizzfan4life::You can't feel bad for anyone who makes millions of dollars.
1grizzfan4life::Good win Grizz! Just a half game behind the Nugs now. Let's hope they lose to the Spurs tomorrow night! GNG and Grind Forth
emthomasjr::What a bootylicious offensive performance by our starters tonight, ZBo missing point blank lay-ups and stuff!  Thank goodness for Conley and the bench!  Good win, though Grizzlies, and a decent crowd for the night (Tuesdays, which are our worst) and the opponent.
sportz279::JLeuer's my cousin
clipctb::Jon Leuer looked Great tonight!
emthomasjr::He didn't miss!
JamesGetDownBrown::en fuego
Bpipkin26::We put up 94 points despite not having Arthur and Bayless now lets get on this plane and head to Houston.
ole miss49::Good win Grizz  Now go and beat the rockets
Bpipkin26::With the first pick in the 2013 NBA Draft the Charlotte Bobcats select Nerlins Noel Center Kentucky.
ptutor123::They need the pick but I bet it goes to Orlando
its1929again::Houston pulling win over Phoenix out of their butts
Dominic10002::Great win Grizz!!!
vandybo123::It really makes no sense why Jeff Taylor does not get more playing time. It's upsetting to me as a fan, and makes me question Dunlap even more....
vandybo123::After Jeff dropped 18 (i think) on the Denver Nugs, Dunlap said that he needed to get Jeff more minutes, and that never happened.
Terrence54632::I'm a vandy/Jeff taylor fan as well. This is how I see it, jeff taylor needs to be more aggressive he watches the game while he is in the game.
steelersbobcatsredsox::oviously reggie williams deserves those minutes, he is the future
Mo_Moot189524::Draft the best nba team and win:  http://tinyurl.com/challenge-free-nba5
DanHunt913::53-25; For the Grizzlies... @ HOU (Fri), vs LAC (Sat), @ DAL (Mon), vs UTAH (April 17th).
RebelShark79::Starters get rest, team gets 53rd win.  I can't wait for the playoffs.  Grind forth Grizzlies.
its1929again::Lol Leuer "some guys will get some practice in tomorrow".  Wonder where Randolph will be?
its1929again::can you imagine how good Randolph would be if he had Leuer's work ethic?
DanHunt913::Haha right?!
Nerd Vol::What number is higher, the number of Bobcats fans at the game tonight, or the number of points scored by the cats?
its1929again::Does Jordan even bother going to any games?
DanHunt913::Good 4th qtr and good game...Houston, here we come on Friday night and a showdown on Saturday night vs the Clippers.
rc021363::GG Bobcats.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!!
Griss13ears::Great job bench. 39 points
rc021363::Coach Hollins have been trusting the bench lately, playing most of the bench.  That is one area that I was very critical of.  But, give Coach Hollins credit, I think he is learning to trust them.    Great job, Coach Hollins, playing the bench lately!
emthomasjr::Yeah, and when the starters are playing like *** vs. an opponent they should be running over, it makes the choice a little easier to go with.
dancedance65::Well that's final. Good win Grizzlies, keep it up!
JrueRandallHoliday::Bismack Bustyombo...  Michael Bust-Gilchrist...  ... bright future in Charlotte!
tigersfangoldandblue::Hey man! Stromile was average!
Christopher2833::Yup, because Bryant Reeves, and Stromile Swift are in the HOF........of all time busts
steelersbobcatsredsox::both of them are 20 or younger, how can they be busts?
Roma Capvt Mvndi::if Grizz have better record than Clippers,who will have home court advantage?Clippers won division,does it matter?
Griss13ears::Home court goes to better record
DanHunt913::The Grizzlies...HC is determined by overall record.
dancedance65::LAC would be the four and we'd be the five, but we would have HC advantage
sharkjaws457::Jon Leuer is the new Spike Albrecht
Devin Hester number 1 WR::Keep sucking Charlotte, that 1st round protected pick you traded to the Bulls is starting to look good.
dancedance65::If we score 100 points, everyone in the building should get free corndogs a la Semi-Pro!
DanHunt913::I was about to ask...do the fans get something if we score 100+ at home?
Devin Hester number 1 WR::It was 125, you won't be getting any corndogs ever.
Devin Hester number 1 WR::At least the Bobcats won't be getting to 125 is what I mean.
dancedance65::You just need to take that check to a big bank with a giant check department
DanHunt913::22-8 vs. the East this season, not bad.
its1929again::did the griz all take coke at that time out
monta huling::Davis need some more playing time for Memphis
PartyLoo::Wait, weren't the Bobcats 7-5 at one point this year!? haha
Christopher2833::Yeah, we can't forget the great legacy of the Vancouver grizzlies, with Stromile Swift and Bryant Reeves
DanHunt913::Yes they were lol
bizovp::Wait so Memphis will have Homecourt over the Clippers because they have a better record?
RebelShark79::They are 4th in name only.  Home court advantage always goes to the team with the better record.  The Grizzlies would have home court against the clippers.
dancedance65::HC is determined by record, but division winners can't be seeded lower than fourth. In theory, an extremely weak division winner could be #4 and not have HC against any opponent.
DanHunt913::Yes...but if the Grizz/Clips tie for the same record, then the Clippers will have home-court since they won the Pacific division.
PartyLoo::No, since the Clippers won their division they are guarenteed homecourt advantage in the playoffs even if someone is seeded lower than them.
danielc901::Wrong. 4-5 match up, better record gets homecourt.
roy2daboy::That's right.
its1929again::griz look like OKC this quarter
Nerd Vol::Jon Leuer once saved a bus full of orphaned puppies.
dancedance65::Blind orphan puppies from a bus that was on fire
danielc901::...that was dangling off a bridge with steep cliffs underneath.
monta huling::I hope they can get there self togather MJ spend the money and get some player for the fans and the team make it a team the fans will love for life
DanHunt913::Leuer is earning his minutes!
clipctb::Austin Daye can play a little Point Forward!  Hollies, maybe you found another way Daye can help this team's offensive woes, while Bayless is out.  Conley looks better and better using his left and right hand to score!
monta huling::The cats need to play hard for them self and the fans the fans are good to the cats come to the game and they get there butt kick every night
sharkjaws457::LEUR!!!!
sharkjaws457::*Leuer
its1929again::he's on tonight
dancedance65::Wow, Grizz turning it on here in the fourth
DanHunt913::Bobcats only have one T.O. left...a 20 second T.O. wow
its1929again::is this the Harlem Globetrotters against the Washington Generals?
its1929again::don't tell that to Wizard fans...they're pretty militant
Nerd Vol::Don't insult Washington's best BBall team!
DanHunt913::Awesome teamwork!!!!!!
danielc901::JON FREAKING LEUER!!!
its1929again::give it up for the white guy
