Centre01::Rockets is a team with young players. It will take more games for the players to work together as a team. Basketball is a team sport, only the best team playing will get the team to the playoff. The team with one or two superstars will only shine for a few games and  not making the playoff. Rockets has potential to make the playoff as I can foresee now.  Harden is unstoppable there is no question about it and he is not flashly player. Harden plays fundamental and aggressive ball playing and is working well with Lin in the last few games; they are learning from each other.  Lin is an excellent PG and he will get better as time goes. With Harden in the game, the opponent team can take focus off Lin, where Lin can make plays.
thyshakes::The Knicks fan / fake Lin fans are definitely here.  To all the true Lin fans, here is the Knicks forum:  http://knicksnow.com/.  We too can play this game.
thyshakes::Harden is a superstar. Lin is a rookie point guard with potential and with certain proven abilities. Lin is learning and too early to say where he will end up. His story is inspirational until the Knicks squashed it with ego and selfishness. There are definitely fake Lin fans here trying to make sure Lin fans look bad. No need to compare Harden and Lin because as guards, they should make each others and their team better. As the youngest team in the NBA, this team sure has a lot of potential. Sure is a lot more exciting than watching Melo playing one on one.
fdavidson1106::He's not a rookie
Oscar Robertson::Jeremy Lin will become the next Michael Jordan in two years.  James Harden will become the next Scottie Pippen in two years.
thyshakes::and the Knicks will become whatever they had been for the last decade.  Boring, selfish, and irrelevant.  But hey, at least their players will enjoy one of highest pay salary in the NBA.
thyshakes::fake Lin fan here
thyshakes::Harden is a superstar. Lin is a rookie point guard with potential and with certain proven abilities. Lin is learning and too early to say where he will end up. His story is inspirational until the Knicks squashed it with ego and selfishness. There are definitely fake Lin fans here trying to make sure Lin fans look bad. No need to compare Harden and Lin because as guards, they should make each others and their team better. As the youngest team in the NBA, this team sure has a lot of potential. Sure is a lot more exciting than watching Melo playing one on one.
Lorenzomax7::RUMOR : Rockets just sign a 3rd string PG - 6'1 guard Patrick Beverley  seems like a poor version of TD...?
thyshakes::This is just in:  The Knicks just decided to trade Copeland after his breakout game.
9thought::Harden and Lin play well together. Anybody trying to deny one to praise the other should stop doing it. Give them space and let them develop. They can shine together.
9thought::That explains their odd behavior. Too bad ...
Lorenzomax7::Some Melo fans or Lin haters will continue to do it...bash one other and praise Lin to make people hate him...
NguyenDragon::It was nice seeing most of the bench getting some minutes...
NguyenDragon::I wouldn't mind seeing Patterson take more time off with the way Morris and Smith are playing...
dhnguyen99::Nothing to loose Rocket! Let's kick some ELITE team this season.
Lorenzomax7::1&gt; Morris should start 2&gt; Lin should get a green light to play more PnR WITH G.SMITH!
Lorenzomax7::They are probably the best UNDRAFTED combo in the NBA. lol
NguyenDragon::They seem to develop a nice connection...
Lorenzomax7::Stanley5826 Based on Lin's current stats alone, he aint deserve to be starting. but hey, u cant argue with a billion chinese fans 2 fans like this. December 23 2012, 4:22 PM  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  --------------------------------------------- If Chinese can/want2 vote for Lin...then Lin should have over 100 mil votes in the 1st rd.
thyshakes::No need to argue with this idiot.
rockus_2008::It's called the Obama effect
Lorenzomax7::NBA.com don't count those Chinese votes on um...NBA.com/China...and they don't count those votes which were voted by Chinese IP too...
Lorenzomax7::Actually he did get some votes...slightly over 100 mil...in 2008? I forgot it.
NguyenDragon::Lorenzomax7 - Anyway...As I know, 95+% of Chinese NBA fans wouldn't vote for Lin if he is averaging ONLY 12/6...  True... Yi Jianlian didn't get any votes when he played...
Lorenzomax7::NguyenDragon, btw thx for the Link. :)
Lorenzomax7::Anyway...As I know, 95+% of Chinese NBA fans wouldn't vote for Lin if he is averaging ONLY 12/6...
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Lorenzomax7 - Keri, you are the minority ... I guess :)  Guess so haha
Lorenzomax7::Keri, you are the minority ... I guess :)
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Lorenzomax7 - Actually It's those Asian-American, Christian and White chicks/Mama Lin fans are voting for Lin.  I voted for him and I'm mixed lol I guess I don't count. I voted for every Rockets player that's on the ballot.
Lorenzomax7::Actually It's those Asian-American, Christian and White chicks/Mama Lin fans are voting for Lin.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Why wouldn't it count? Yao was shattering All-Star voting records lol
NguyenDragon::Lorenzomax7 - I don't know... T-Mac did play like a superstar in his prime...and either Nash or Rubio is getting many many votes this year even they never played a game until recent. It's all abt fame sometimes.  I meant towards the end of his career... Chinese voters were still voting for him...
NguyenDragon::http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1420947-jeremy-lin-will-be-an-all-star-for-life-unless-the-nba-fixes-the-voting-system  I thought you actually did some research before commenting... Chinese votes do count...
KeriTheCreoleTexan::T Mac was one of the top 5 most popular players at that time.
Lorenzomax7::I don't know... T-Mac did play like a superstar in his prime...and either Nash or Rubio is getting many many votes this year even they never played a game until recent. It's all abt fame sometimes.
NguyenDragon::Did that change?  Cause I remember McGrady getting tons of votes when he barely played and I doubt that was coming from the US...
rockus_2008::We can no longer talk about basketball without talking about Lin.  He's magical.
ThunderHornz::Well done Rockets!
CJ From San Andreas oX Invincible Xo::Jeremy Lin is finally playing well. I have to give credit where credit is due. He's not one of the best players in the NBA but he is playing like a top 15 pg right now.
NguyenDragon::He is putting up top 10 numbers recently... I hope he can keep it up...
Lorenzomax7::Btw Lin is coming back from knee injury. He was planned to have a slow start this season. That's good for the long-term plan.
Lorenzomax7::On my List he is already Top 10... imagine if Harden is not a Rocket and Lin is paired with a solid shooter at 2... he will average 18+8+4 easily...
brunick1::Hes great, but hes not top 10.
Lorenzomax7::Let's see...I have great confident on him...
brunick1::Hes not top 10
utexasfan1::Did not make an attempt to go to game 'cause I figured Rockets would lose, actually get smoked, wrong!!! I did not see this game ending like it did.
69durango::Nuggets fan says:  Rockets have a very bright future.  Lin is learning to be fulltime PG and is averaging 12 pts and 6 assts which will increase to 15 and 9 next year.  Asik is very solid and Harden is All NBA.  Nice role players as well and only one player over 26.
Lorenzomax7::If Asik could finish all those uncontested baskets which were created by Lin...Lin would have averaged 15 + 9 till the end of this season!!
JohndoMEnow1::hahahah Who is ur favorite princess?lebron?kobe? justin beiver?   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tORSqrJYu3E
sk8er_2004_1986::Fake rocket fan here.
Rdiu::lmfao @ people who kept saying Houston overpaid Harden, Asik and Lin when the season just started.
utexasfan1::They did overpay for Lin, they coulda had him for much less the 1st time around! Even now, his production isn't all that great, just good. Harden is another story, money well spent.
Lorenzomax7::He is already one of the best all-around players in the NBA. I think till the end of the season you guys will think he is UNDERPAID(=5 mil).
NguyenDragon::We had Lowry and Dragic at the time... Lin was a victim of circumstance... Plus Lin is finally playing his style of basketball and putting up good numbers... I say if he keeps this up he is worth every penny... For the "poison pill" year he will need to put up superstar numbers... I am doubtful he can do that but he can definitely come close...
Lorenzomax7::too early to judge on Lin's contract...and btw he is getting only 5 mil this year..
sk8er_2004_1986::They're idiots. Some people don't understand we have the lowest payroll in the league at 48 million. You have a 60 million scrub sitting in NY collecting his check, Bynum worth 20 mill a year bowling. Rockets looking good right now.
thyshakes::Harden is a superstar. Lin is a rookie point guard with potential and with certain proven abilities. Lin is learning and too early to say where he will end up. His story is inspirational until the Knicks squashed it with ego and selfishness. There are definitely fake Lin fans here trying to make sure Lin fans look bad. No need to compare Harden and Lin because as guards, they should make each others and their team better. As the youngest team in the NBA, this team sure has a lot of potential. Sure is a lot more exciting than watching Melo playing one on one.
thyshakes::Harden is a superstar. Lin is a rookie point guard with potential and with certain proven abilities. Lin is learning and too early to say where he will end up. His story is inspirational until the Knicks squashed it with ego and selfishness. There are definitely fake Lin fans here trying to make sure Lin fans look bad. No need to compare Harden and Lin because as guards, they should make each others and their team better. As the youngest team in the NBA, this team sure has a lot of potential. Sure is a lot more exciting than watching Melo playing one on one.
NguyenDragon::The number of games played makes him an unofficial rookie...
DeviantU::Lin is in his third year. He's not a rookie. Besides that, he was never the right fit for a veteran NY team, which needed a distributor not a high-usage guard who shoots at a low percentage.
Lorenzomax7::Lin's USG has dropped nearly 10% this season...it's by far the most dropped rate in the past 3 year...so you better make sure what you are talking about...
Lorenzomax7::Felton has a much higher USG% than Lin when he is playing with Carmelo...
Lorenzomax7::you meant Felton???
sk8er_2004_1986::Please go to www.houstonrockets.com for all your rockets info and to purchase merchandise.
MohammedGhandi::I have never seen a ball hog like Harden in my life.  As soon as LIn passes the ball to Harden. He will either take a three pointer or drive to the basket for a foul shot.
wkdavis85::Harden's job is to shoot. He is not a ball hog, he is doing what he is supposed to do. Every team has a player that you would consider a "ball hog" but they are just doing their job. That is what the #1 scoring option for a team is supposed to do.
austuc33::so why was he not a ball hog in ok. cause he dont have durrant or westbrook. he gotta do this to win. they dont win if he not getting 30 points a game
Klown0765::you pick the game when the Rockets have 31 assists as a team and Hardin has 8 of them , to call him a ball hog.....Ok
thyshakes::fake Rocket fan here.
MontanaAggie::His PER is 22+.  He can ball hog all he wants.
05Xav::Harden is a ball hog just like other great players are ball hogs because they think they are the best choice to make the basket. you really can't fault them because most of the time they're right.
05Xav::I admit that I'm a Lin fan first and not afraid to say it. Since Lin plays for Houston I want Houston to do well. Also I don't hate Harden and think he's a very good player but I definitely wish Lin will eventually outshine harden one day. He may or may not but I'll still be pulling for him to. So what if that's my feelings I've got the right to like who ever I want like. If Lin was to play for Lakers honestly I wouldn't give a rats $@% about Houston.
AndyisSuave::What's up with the terrirtorialism?  More fans is more fans, Houston should be stoked that getting Lin means stealing all of Lin's fans from a short-sighted NYK.  Are you all (those who are old enough) trying to tell me you weren't excited for every Bulls game in the 90's?
thyshakes::Harden is a superstar. Lin is a rookie point guard with potential and with certain proven abilities. Lin is learning and too early to say where he will end up. His story is inspirational until the Knicks squashed it with ego and selfishness. There are definitely fake Lin fans here trying to make true Lin fans look bad. No need to compare Harden and Lin because as guards, they should make each others and their team better. As the youngest team in the NBA, this team sure has a lot of potential. Sure is a lot more exciting than watching Melo playing one on one.
thyshakes::fake Rocket and Lin fan here.
sk8er_2004_1986::Now now let's all be friends and cheer the rockets on.
MontanaAggie::Cause he's team first.  You obviously aren't.
05Xav::why, because I want him to be the best? lol
MontanaAggie::Jeremy Lin would be embarrassed to have you as his fan.
MohammedGhandi::James Harden is a ball hog.   and that is a fact people.
ITSRICKSWAY::Harden: 31 points on 13 attempts Kobe: 34 points on 41 attempts  Yep Harden is the true ball hog...
brothertin9394::Harden seems to make better shot choices than Kobe and Melo...
thyshakes::fake Rocket and Lin fan here.
sk8er_2004_1986::I'm sorry I know you meant to say Melo or Kobe. Get your facts straight.
sk8er_2004_1986::Text Lin, Harden, Asik, and Parsons individually to 69622 daily to vote them for this year's All Star Game. H-Town represent holding it down in the southwest.
05Xav::I text Lin's name every day and not apologizing for doing it just because someone may think he's doesn't deserve it.
sk8er_2004_1986::Don't worry brother I text all those four guy's names up there. Be sure to spread the word about doing that also.
sk8er_2004_1986::Just trying to get Houston excited for basketball again because its been a few years since Houston had an excited team to cheer for. Plus with more people getting excited about basketball again then greedy Comcast can let other cable and basic cable providers opportunity to watch the rockets on TV instead of listening to them on the radio.
Stanley5826::Based on Lin's current stats alone, he aint deserve to be starting. but hey, u cant argue with a billion chinese fans
pmtea::yeah,we Chinese will vote Lin for Allstar,even Asik,and let you fool cry alone
Coolguy4life::Dude, it doesn't really matter, both the nba All-Star game along with the pro-bowl are both just a popularity contest and possibly the most insignificant game there is.  Only the all star game in the MLB actually means something due to their stupid rule over the winning league getting home field advantage in the world series.
Stanley5826::i personally hope lin dont play that much, so he can rest well.  remember last season?
rEdBuLxTaSy::IT IS FOR THE FANS...UNTIL SOMEONE'S FAVORITE PLAYER ISN'T IN IT, THEN IT BECOMES AN ISSUE RIGHT?  :):):)
MontanaAggie::The Rockets have lost all 3 overtime games they have played this season.  They also lost an incredibly close game to the Heat.  Take those games out of the loss column and put them in the win column and this team would be 18-8.  Even without them, they have wins over Memphis, Los Angeles, New York twice and close losses to San Antonio and Miami.
fred3857::When the distribute equally by Lin as a real PG,they win a lot. While ball holding too long in Harden's hand,they always lose.Taht;s the key point.
NewAges::Lin's aggressiveness in recent game is key. Rockets coach need to recognize this and maximize all Rockets.
Coolguy4life::Yeah but sadly we can't take those losses in overtime out.  We need our players to build more character and overcome their youth to finally win those games.  You can just see in those overtime losses, everything just starts to fall apart and they end up taking some really horrible shot selections.
MontanaAggie::Thats just it.  Young players can't suddenly become experienced.  The point I'm making is when they begin to figure out how to win those types of game, the Rockets will be a very dangerous team.  For being 26 games together, they are meshing incredbibly quickly.  So young and good, I'm VERY optimistic as a Rockets fan.
sk8er_2004_1986::Yea in those games a saw alot of conservative play unlike their aggressiveness during regular play.
NewAges::Young and inexperience Rockets will get better.
Dezagcoog::I know all you Lin nutsa.ck lic.kers love doing it after a game when they're all salty. But this is a board for Rockets fans, not Lin fans. Stop bashing other Rocket players or go find a Lin nu.tsa.ck lic.king board... It sucks that us true Rockets fans can't have a nice conversation here without these trolls bombing the board and making it impossible. Go get a life, or a boyfriend and su.ck on some real nu.ts....Good night y'all real rockets fans. The rest of you....get a life...
TomNishikawa::maybe di ck sucker like you dont know the fact for fact.  Harden is a ball hog and that is the fact.
hurricaneaaron::Dawan, I'm comparing Rockets, I could care less about other team's point guards. He's a Rocket and he has big shoes to fill. If you want, I'll throw up the greatest Rocket point guard of all-time - Calvin Murphy. Murphy averaged a career 17.9 ppg, 4.4 apg, and 1.5 spg. If Lin can beat those averages for three seasons, I'll give him his due and say he earned his pay check, and even slide him up into the top 10 Rockets point guards of all time, though he will need to do more to surpass Murphy, Sam Cassel, and Kenny Smith.
Dawan208::What I'm saying hurricane you can't compare oranges to grapes.  If Lin were 7 inches taller-- maybe.   I think you should compare him to a point guard, like a HOF pg to be, Steve Nash.
Stanley5826::i'm a lin fan too but i wont diss harden cos hes a real important piece for rox.
rEdBuLxTaSy::I CAN SAFELY SAY MOST LIN FANS APPRECIATE WHAT HARDEN HAS BROUGHT TO THE ROCKETS AND LIN REALLY DOES NEED HIM TO TAKE THE HEAVY LOAD OFF HIS BACK SO HE COULD DEVELOP HIS GAME FASTER AND BETTER.  :):):)
Stanley5826::i think its the NY trolls who are causing a divide among lin fans and the rox fans. i bet there are some delusional lin fans. but i think we can all agree we love to see rox do well
rEdBuLxTaSy::MOST LIN FANS ARE RATIONAL AND PRACTICAL IN THEIR JUDGEMENT...IT'S JUST THE LIN HATERS THAT LOVE TO PUT LIN HIGH ON A PEDESTAL, ONLY TO WISH HE FAILS JUST TO MAKE A POINT AND THEN TWIST IT AROUND TO BLAME THE LIN FANS FOR IT.  ALTHOUGH I HAVE TO AGREED SOME DELUSIONAL LIN FANS DO EXIST :):):)
Coolguy4life::James HArden's stats for the month of December so far...  27.8 pts (47% FG and 38% 3 pt FG) 5.6 assists 4.8 rebounds  Looks pretty nice...
hurricaneaaron::Yeah? and how many 3-something or 0-something games has Lin had this season? Both guys have their issues with consistency, but both are also quite young and have plenty of time to grow into each other. We're really expecting too much too soon of both of them.
rEdBuLxTaSy::LET'S SEE HOW HE DOES WITH OKC AGAIN.  TOO OFTEN HE DISAPPEARS AGAINST GOOD TEAMS :):):)
hurricaneaaron::This makes no sense. Yeah, I get the Lin fans can take it too far, especially when they say he could light up the scoreboard if Harden wasn't around, but, I have no problem with them drooling over him. Just so long as they all realize that neither he, nor Harden, will ever compare to the greatness that is Hakeem Olajuwon.
hurricaneaaron::Dawan, position doesn't matter. Olajuwon played with Ewing, Motumbo, Shaq, Robinson, Duncan, Kareem, Dr. J, Laimbeer. Lin is young kid who has too much to prove and gets too much praise. He's proven he belongs in the league, not that he's a star.
hurricaneaaron::Well, let's also point to championships, namely Russell's 9 to Hakeem's 2, and also, Russell's last ring came as a player/coach, and in doing so also became the first African-American head coach in NBA history. It's unfair to both men since Russell played in era where blocks didn't count as stats. On intangibles and rings, Russell was better. I would have loved to see he and The Dream go head-to-head in their primes.
Dawan208::Of course he played a different position.  Maybe cp3 or rondo you think!!! Or Stockton
Coolguy4life::I wouldn't even put Russell ahead of him, I'd only put Chamberlain possibly ahead of him.  Russell was great defensively, but had a lot of help leading on the offensive end.  When Hakeem played, he was our main guy on BOTH defense AND offense.  He's the only guy in the past 20+ years to win a championship without another All-Star on the roster (93-94)...
MontanaAggie::I would put him ahead of Russell but behind Jabbar.
hurricaneaaron::Easily top 5 greatest center of all time, probably third behind Russell and Chamberlain.
Coolguy4life::True story, Hakeem is so underrated when compared to the other great centers in history, it's not even funny...
rEdBuLxTaSy::"LICKING/SUCKING" ARE WORDS YOU LOVE TO USED...HAHA YOU SHOULD KNOW :):):)  P.S.  SAY HI TO YOUR PLAY DOLLS FOR ME :):):)
FeelinthePhog::Looks like Marcus Morris had a nice game How'd he look out there?
Dawan208::He definitely shined last night!!   Played his little heart out!   A real asset to the team!
Coolguy4life::Let's be serious.  New York's record is inflated by playing in a crappy Eastern conference.  4 or their losses came from a Western team, and all but 1 of the Rocket's losses came from a Western team.  Just face it, the real competition is in the West to see who plays Miami.
Stanley5826::or probably the bulls in the east. with drose back
TomNishikawa::come playoff time, this one dimensional scoring from Harden won't take you far in the playoffs.  We need the ball movements like that of the Spurs with Tony Parker. Rockets's better create ball movements with your PG involved.
Stanley5826::come on guys, we can learn to love each other since you two support players on the same team. i bet lin would do the same. show some love.
Stanley5826::give them a season or two to work out all the plays and to get along with each other.
NewAges::Hey Tom....Harden is a shooting guard. His job is to shoot. Lin is a point guard. His job is to assist first ans shoot second. Please stop ridiculous ur complaining
rEdBuLxTaSy::HAHA YOU MEAN ONE OF YOUR PLAY DOLLS???  HURRY GO BACK TO JERKING OFF LOL!!!  BTW MY WIFEY IS BOMB :):):)
Dezagcoog::yeah cause I do it to my girlfriend and she does it to me. You just do it in your mind to Lin...get a real boyfriend to have some fun with, then you'll have something better to do than be on this board bombing it all night with your Lin Nu.t luv.
rEdBuLxTaSy::I SEE YOU LOVE TO USED THE WORD "LICKING/SUCKING" ALOT...HAHA YOU SHOULD KNOW :):):)
Dezagcoog::he won't cause he's a lin nut li.cking troll...
Stanley5826::Harden's not one dimensional ok, he can pass too. dont worry. the coaching staff is working on that. its only been a quarter of a season. chill out.
Dezagcoog::fair enough. And they have been working on that since the past few games they have been figuring it out.
Stanley5826::i meant the coaches will work out the plays for them to adjust to each other, since both needs the ball to be effective.
Dezagcoog::he got 8 assists. Thats what most pg in the league get. He doesn't need to "work on it"
Dezagcoog::umm have you seen that we have about 6 guys in double figures every game?? thats not quite one dimensional...check the numbers and watch a game lol
TomNishikawa::All I see is Lin dribbling up the court, passing to Harden, and it ends there. mostly with Harden scoring or penetration.   We need LIn to Harden, Harden to LIn, LIn to Parsons, back to LIn, constant ball movemtns like the Spurs do with Tony Pardker. and then finding a open man for a shot.   one dimensional Harden scoring will not take you far in the playoffs, when teams figure out how to defend Harden.
Coolguy4life::I agree with you on that, but it's not Harden's fault for what he's doing right now.  That's all on the coaching staff and their over-simplistic offense.  Can't blame Harden for doing what he's asked to do...
gerald_5::im out guys... it was fun messing with you lin lovers...  have a good night, peace and love... 1
NewAges::Gerald don't forget to patch Vaseline..
Dawan208::Didn't you say you are14 Gerald .  It's way pts your bed time!!!!!
Stanley5826::goodnite  troll, crawl back to ur hole.
rEdBuLxTaSy::EXACTLY MY POINT!!! AT THE END OF THE DAY, TROLLS WILL BE TROLLS :):):)  P.S.  PEACE!!!
Dezagcoog::Your the troll...
HeatleHitMane::Harden and Lin are one of the best back courts in the league. Love or hate Lin you cannot deny this fact.
NewAges::Rockets need to play more Smith to complement Asik.
Stanley5826::This gerald is quite persistent. all the other ny trolls has left. hes the only one here
Sportsfan_trollbasher::Gonna salute his effort !!
TomNishikawa::you and I  can not get along. let's ignore each other.
Stanley5826::Yes, if they can consistently perform like tonight.
gerald_5::false
HeatleHitMane::Just because you can spell the word "false", doesn't mean it applies when you use it.
Dawan208::Ha ha that's funny
gerald_5::stop following me tom
TomNishikawa::ignore the troll above. i just found out he's a loser
Lilrob10201713::Rocket did play good D though,making Gay a non-factor.
rEdBuLxTaSy::desagcoog  ANOTHER REAL LIFE LOSER WHO THINKS ESPN WAS MADE FOR HIM :):):)
TomNishikawa::wait till NY finish 42-40 and not make the playoffs.
Stanley5826::NY only has a real scorer in Melo.  if hes injured or has an off nite, they r fu(ked
Dezagcoog::Actually I've been a rockets fan since about 1989. When I was old enough to care about sports. how long have any of y'all?? ohh never? cause all you're here to do is li.ck Lin's shaft? oh ok...
Dezagcoog::They sit here and bash other Rockets because their precious little Lin isn't doing as well as they'd like. Thats being a troll Dawan.
Dezagcoog::Go find a Lin Nut Li.ckers board to be a part of LOL
rEdBuLxTaSy::OH I SEE YOU'RE AN OLD PUPPY WHO DOESN'T LIKE TO BE TAUGHT NEW TRICKS.  PERHAPS YOU NEED TO GO SETUP YOUR OWN BOARD IF YOU CAN'T KEEP UP :):):)
Dezagcoog::ummm....Redbullshi.tter has been. Maybe not you but that guy is an idiot. and a couple others too.
Dawan208::No one said anything until these looser Knick trolls came on and started putting down the only asian kid in the league.   And I ain't Asian!
NewAges::Gerald's butt still hurt since Monday and can't sleep....
Stanley5826::U meant after Ny getting punked by the bulls.
TomNishikawa::Dawan,   so called experts??? who don't know a sh it about what they are talking about?
Dawan208::Not espn commentators but bb vet who have played the game ...   And coaches.   I won't listen to trolls who never even got a bb scholarship!
rEdBuLxTaSy::YOU'RE BEING SELECTIVE HERE...THERE'S NO RELEVANCE WHEN COMPARING AN INDIVIDUAL TO AN ENTIRE ROSTER :):):)
Stanley5826::Gerald, if ur not a troll. why r u even here? nothing else to do?
gerald_5::im bored as hell
Dawan208::Hey we are just defending Lin when the ny trolls come on.
Dawan208::Not espn commentators but vets like Parker and others who have played the game!!!!!!!
gerald_5::you mean the experts that had LA as a number one seed in the west or the ones that had NY 4th in the atlantic???
Dawan208::Truth telling is done by the experts.   And they say the kid has star potentials !!!!  He's no fluke or flash in the pan!!!
gerald_5::what trolls?? you mean the truth tellers?
ozi0628::Lin and Harden are locks for the All Star game. Represent Htown!
NewAges::Gerald is a Knick fan...click on his profile and see.,..
TomNishikawa::sh it. no wonder.
TomNishikawa::gerald dude is a harden fan.
gerald_5::false. harden should be a lock, not the other kid
austuc33::by votes he getting bro sorry he leading as we speak
DeviantU::Look at the list of the top WC guards. Lin is a decent player, but he isn't close to deserving All-Star consideration. In my view, even if he improves, that won't change.
Dawan208::Maybe not yet.  But he's getting there.   Maybe next year. He does everything like an all star except shoot.   That will improve too!
Coolguy4life::Lin &gt; Fat Felton Harden &gt; Kidd Parsons &gt; Brewer Patterson &lt; Melo Asik &lt; Chandler  I don't know about yall, but I'd rather take Houston's starting 5 over the Knicks any day...
Dezagcoog::Don't necessarily agree with Chandler over Asik. Maybe slightly but not by all that much. Definitely defensively but overall game is hard to say.
Dezagcoog::That was my point. I'd give it to Chandler too. But it's not like he runs away with it by a mile. He wins but it's a tight race.
Sportsfan_trollbasher::Close one there, Tyson get my pick for better hands and stronger finish for now. But considering its Asik first year as starter , its something that u will look forward to ...
Dezagcoog::and Asik is a rebound machine
Coolguy4life::Defensively he his.  Offensively they are on par, however Chandler catches passes on the pick and roll a WHOLE lot better.  I can't stand Asik's butter fingers...
NewAges::Young vs old and expensive? too obvious
gerald_5::false
Dezagcoog::I wish ESPN would make a Lin message board so all these losers that have no life can get off the Rockets board.
Sportsfan_trollbasher::Think both of u are more or less rocket's fans so it will be better that u 2 dun quarrel ... I say this becoz when the Rox is playing, I'm sure u 2 support the same team ..
Dezagcoog::he's not a rockets fan. He's a Lin fan. All he does is bash other Rockets because they "keep Lin down" He's an idiot.
TomNishikawa::I would like to keep doing it. just to $@%! you off.
Dezagcoog::LOLOL best part is i'm not pissed off, just trolling you idiots back... btw this is a rockets board, not a su.ck.ing Lin off board.
NewAges::so u only suk on all Rockets?
rEdBuLxTaSy::SO BY YOUR LOGIC, YOU MUST BE A REAL LOSER IN LIFE TOO??? :):):)
rEdBuLxTaSy::AND LIN IS A ROCKETS PLAYER SO WHAT'S YOUR POINT?  SADLY, YOU'RE A TROLL WHO DOESN'T UNDERSTAND THE MEANING OF A "FAN".  :):):)
Dezagcoog::delusional troll who thinks he can hog the rockets board? LOLOL yeah cause I want NO ONE ELSE to participate...LOL idiot. I just want you Lin nut.sa.ck lickers to shut up. this is for Rockets fans. Not for Lin fans....LOL I tried to explain it but you don't seem to understand the difference sadly....
rEdBuLxTaSy::LOL ANOTHER DELUSIONAL TROLL WHO THINKS HE CAN HOG THE ROCKETS BOARD.  HAHA HOW ABOUT YOU APPLY ON BECOMING A MOD FIRST.  BTW, LIN IS A ROCKETS PLAYER SO PERHAPS YOU NEED TO LEARN HOW TO COMPREHEND THAT BEFORE TELLING SOMEONE TO LEAVE...LOL!!!:):):)
Dezagcoog::Lin fan? go find a lin board and leave the rockets board then. Learn to read...LOL
rEdBuLxTaSy::HOW CAN I BE A LIN TROLL WHEN I'M A FAN LOL???  IT'S OBVIOUS TOO MUCH TROLLING ON YOUR PART CAN BECOME UNHEALTHY LOL IDIOT!  :):):)
Dezagcoog::So you're admitting your a Lin troll...lol you're not supposed to dig your own grave
rEdBuLxTaSy::NO THANKS FOR PROVING MY POINT...THE TROLLS NEEDS TO GET FED ON A DAILY BASIS...LOL BONEHEAD:):):)
Dezagcoog::thanks for proving my point...lol moron
rEdBuLxTaSy::APPARENTLY I GOT YOUR ATTENTION...WHAT DO THAT SAY ABOUT YOU LOSER? :):):)
Dezagcoog::"signature"??? LOLOLOL that's what loser trolls do to get attention. So you're a loser troll? yeah we knew that.
Dezagcoog::You would know since you've been on LIn's nuts all night long.
rEdBuLxTaSy::IT'S MY SIGNATURE...WHY DO YOU CARE?  IT APPEARS YOU'RE THE ONE SUCKING OFF EVERYBODY JUST TO GET BY :):):)
Dezagcoog::Go get a boyfriend and leave Lin alone.
Dezagcoog::LOL no cause I don't su.ck on a guys nuts all night in caps.
luckywin7::well shut the fck up, watch and think. At the end of season, you decide who the $@%!$@%! players or you..enough said and good night folks
gerald_5::false
AlphaBeta123::hey gerald, are you the same guy that uploads youtube videos?
Sportsfan_trollbasher::Ha i noe wat u mean ... but its not possible . He dun exactly hate on Lin but he dun like Lin enough to do that ..
gerald_5::no. dont know what you're talking about
AlphaBeta123::whoops, nvm
NewAges::Why Lin is important on the Rocket team? Opponent players want want to shut Lin down allowing other Rockets to shoots freely. Lin's team mates do not want Lin to outscore them. It explain why the Rockets # 1 in high score.
fred3857::Knicks look like seeing a ghost when they face Linsanity but strong even face top seeded Heat. Bcs they really have a ghost in their mind only bcs Lin.
Dezagcoog::HAHAHAHAH ok dude
NewAges::Shut Harden down...then Lin will score...
Coolguy4life::Dude, I'm trying to be supportive of Lin, however this statement is ridiculous...
Lilrob10201713::I am pretty sure every team's goal starts with shutting down Harden.
Dawan208::But teams don't know how good Lin is.  They take him for granted then get BURNED!!!!!!! I love it!!!
gerald_5::TRUE
AlphaBeta123::the team does not care who scores the most as long as the team wins.  Opponents probably want to show Lin up but the team itself is tight.
AlphaBeta123::yea i know.  I meant show up Lin based on Linsanity annoying them or contract annoying them, etc.
Dawan208::Harden is their main focus though.  He's more of a threat!
gerald_5::false
gerald_5::GTFOH
HeatleHitMane::WTF?
Lilrob10201713::For the Rockets to be serious playoff contenders all they have to do is two things and that is play defense and do not turn the ball over allot.
Coolguy4life::That's not all.  McHale has to continue to mix up our offensive sets and not overly rely on Harden to create off the pick and roll.  It's way too simplistic and Lin isn't a spot up shooter sitting there on teh wing.  He needs to look at how coach Pop utilized both Parker and Ginobili from 5 years ago, and do the same with Harden and Lin.
rEdBuLxTaSy::DEFENSE, DEFENSE, DEFENSE IS WHAT SEALS THE DEAL :):):)
AlphaBeta123::they have no problems scoring the ball that's for sure.  If they could lock down defense, dangerous.
lyang912::When Rockets back court play aggressive and the team runs in transition, Rockets offense is pretty unstoppable. As their defense gets better throughout the season, this team, as young as it may be, has a great chance making playoffs, maybe even farther.
gerald_5::false
rEdBuLxTaSy::LISTEN TO THE WORDS OF AN WISE OLD MAN..."NEVER SAY NEVER MY FRIEND" :):):)
HeatleHitMane::He meant 2nd round.
HeatleHitMane::Explain?
gerald_5::you had me until you said farther
Lilrob10201713::If the Rockets got Josh Smith via free agency this team would be dangerous PG:Lin SG:Harden SF:Parsons PF:Jsmoove C:Asik
Lilrob10201713::I mean it is going to happen,because Morey even came out and said that he has enough money for a max player so this off-season I don't know what player it is going to be but it is most likely to be someone like Paul Millsap,Josh Smith,Iggy,or Al Jefferson.
Lilrob10201713::This team is a playoff team at best right now and I would like for them to take it to the next level and bringing in a All-star/Vet could only help this team.
Dezagcoog::we won by fast break points 33-3. Lets not slow these guys down.
Dezagcoog::yeah and it would slow them down and would mess them up in 4-5 years when the person leaves. Why ruin the chemistry that the youngest team in the league is developing together and let them grow together and form an awesome brotherhood?
Coolguy4life::I don't want Josh Smith.  Whoever signs him will most likely over-paying for him.  I'd rather hold out for someone better.  If we have to over pay, then I'd rather trade for Amare rather than sign Josh Smith.
Dezagcoog::why hold out??? cause Morris and greg smith are not playing REALLY well and are Rookies? lol
Dezagcoog::No he doesn't mesh well with this team. A lot of people said the same thing at the beginning of the season. But with Greg smith and Morris stepping up why would we pay more to not get all that much better?
Sportsfan_trollbasher::Yeah seriously i'm getting excited with Greg Smith ... That kid just got unbelievable hands and strong finish ..  If mould in the right way, its gonna be another gem unleashed ...
Dezagcoog::why? we have one already star 3 budding stars and 2 growing rookies.
Lilrob10201713::I know what you are saying,but this team needs another star,me personally I would like it to be a SF like Iggy.
AlphaBeta123::how's his personality?  is he a good clubhouse guy?
AlphaBeta123::as long as he's not like another guy named J Smith...
Lilrob10201713::I never heard Josh Smith being a problem to the team.
Lilrob10201713::Josh Smith ?
rEdBuLxTaSy::FOR ONCE IN THEIR LIFE, IF ONLY THE OBSESSED LIN HATERS WOULD JUST LET LIN MATURE AND GROW AS IF HE WAS ANY OTHER ORDINARY PLAYER ON THE COURT, I'M SURE THEY WOULDN'T HAVE TO DEAL WITH THE EXTREME LIN FANS ON A DAILY BASIS.  BUT AS USUAL, THE OBSESSED LIN HATERS APPEARED TO ENJOY TROLLING DAY IN, DAY OUT JUST TO GET THE LIN FANS ALL WORK UP AND THEN BLAME THEM FOR IT.  :):):)
RNYC::It's always been about the media but overhyped sports stars get killed by people ALL THE TIME. Lin is no different than a player underachieving in any sport (Tebow)
Sportsfan_trollbasher::Well u are one of the more sensible ppl talking, but there are aplenty who are just waiting to relentlessly pounce and criticise with overboarding words.. Something in the mode of 'scrubs' etc ...
AlphaBeta123::this is exactly what I'm talking about.  For his minutes played, he's actually playing pretty decent.  Somehow he doesn't get the 3 years of development time that everyone else gets.  That's what I don't understand.
Dezagcoog::for once in their life? like for once during the past 2 months??? i mean dude get off of Lin's nuts. find a girlfriend. or a boyfriend if nuts are your thing.
rEdBuLxTaSy::CALL IT WHAT YOU WANT...THE LIN BASHING HAS BEEN NONSTOP REGARDLESS OF HOW HE PLAYS.  FYI MY LIFE HAS BEEN GOOD...HOPEFULLY YOU COULD SAY THE SAME :):):)
RNYC::I don't think they whine. I think they point out when he plays poorly which is evidence to slow down the hype machine.
rEdBuLxTaSy::SO IN YOUR WORDS, PERHAPS YOU LIN CRITICS NEED TO PUT BLAME WHERE IT BELONGS ---&gt; THE MEDIA.  STOP TERRORIZING THE LIN FANS AND INSTEAD START BOYCOTTING THE MEDIA. :):):)
AlphaBeta123::lol it's far beyond that buddy.  They wait and pounce on his bad games and vanish during his good ones.  What hype?  Only ones who mention that hype are the haters.  Guy gets as much hatred as lebron or kobe which makes absolutely no sense.  Stop defending them.  Both extremes are equally bad.
RNYC::He's not treated like any other player by the media so the scrutiny is higher. It's not his fault but its his cross to bear. Stop whining.
Dawan208::Media hardly talks about him anymore.  They are talking about curry and Irving now days rnyc.   Where you been? And Lilliard!!!!!
rEdBuLxTaSy::SO IN THAT REGARD, THE OBSESSED LIN HATERS NEED TO STOP WHINING AS WELL :):):)
AlphaBeta123::it's also not right but hey who's counting...
FLC-8R::Lower cap please? don't act like gerald_5 please :)
rEdBuLxTaSy::OK THANKS...I WILL CONSIDER IT :):):)
FLC-8R::I know you meant well, but your posts are really hard to read.
rEdBuLxTaSy:::):):)  CAPS BROKEN :):):)
HeatleHitMane::Rockets will be contending for west supremacy in a couple years if management doesn't screw things up. Would love to see them in a 7 game finals vs Heat.
lyang912::I'd rather see them play in finals vs Knicks, just imagine, youngest team vs oldest, Linsanity vs Dolan's Melo team... Rockets in 6 games!!!
AlphaBeta123::they're good enough to be 6th to 8th seed this year
HeatleHitMane::With a potential upset in the making.
gerald_5::all i did tonight was tell the TRUTH about lin, the rockets and lon fans  YOU GUYS CANT HANDLE THE TRUTH.... it is not my fault
daspot::Didn't see it...what truth does speak of?
TomNishikawa::and I will be stubborn about my belief. because I know it.
cfylong::If you could spell, we would take you more seriously.  HS dropouts don't get much play anywhere.
Dawan208::What truth !  That Lin has only started in 51 games.   Yes 51 and he seems like he's been there longer.
AlphaBeta123::I WANT THE TRUTH.
TomNishikawa::the truth is LIn is a 24ppg guy. given the opportunity to be a true ball handling PG.
luckywin7::lol
h537300::Harden:9 for 13,31pts Kobe:16 for 41,34pts Who's better?
Sportsfan_trollbasher::Kobe for his past proven achievement .. But u gonna love Harden more for his play, and who noes if the Rocket gets one more defensive star or (gonna cross my fingers)Greg Smith developing beyond anyone expectation and makes the Rox a relevant contender .
Lilrob10201713::Kobe only averaged 19 pts PG his 3rd season in the NBA,just sayin.
daspot::And you still can't put james harden in the same class for a lot of reasons...one being Kobe came straight from HS...Harden played two seasons at Arizona St.   Another might be the 5-6 rings, scoring titles and all his other accomplishments. Not a Kobe fan but I'm not gonna denegrate the man by putting James Harden up there with him...ridiculous.
daspot::Settle down...putting Harden in the same sentence as Kobe? C'mon now...  Harden hasn't shown me he's Manu Ginobili yet but he is well on his way to his first All-Star appearance, no doubt.
lyang912::Harden of course, he's very efficient. Even Lin when he scored 38 on Lakers, it only took 23 shots, not 40+ like it took Kobe to get 34pts.
luckywin7::kobe.....killer shoooter
TomNishikawa::kobe. kobe in younger days will kill Harden of now.
luckywin7::dangerous shot last sec skill
TomNishikawa::Harden just looks like he's using long arms to take it to the basket. Where as Kobe is more technically smooth.
FLC-8R::Kobe did have amazing moves when he was younger.
AlphaBeta123::Rockets haven't been 2 games over .500 since beginning of season, hope they continue winning
lyang912::Hope Rockets keep winning, I think they now score the most points per game in the NBA, guess there is some advantage being the youngest team in the league, they run the fastest.
cfylong::He blocked Derrick Rose from behind, and like Felton said, once Lin gets into his right hand, he explodes.  Fats Felton should know.
Coolguy4life::We are also almost giving up the most points per game.  I would like for us to play better defensively.
TomNishikawa::I noticed the speed. that speed can give other teams a heart attack
lyang912::Jeremy Lin is very fast, I remember earlier last year an article analyzed his breakaway speed, and it was about as fast as Derrick Rose.
luckywin7::lin is fast moving the $@%!$@ pace GRADE A
AlphaBeta123::figured Rockets would win after back to back for memphis but thought it would be closer.  Good job Rockets.
NewAges::Last time, Rockets played back to back at the Knicks home and the Rockets didn't complain.
AlphaBeta123::well they went 1-1 on the road like I expected them to but thought it would be other way around lol
gerald_5::it seems like the only lin idiot is that guy tomnishikawa... i apologize people
cfylong::Only idiot is you and your $@%!$@ grammar.  Go back to middle school before you post.
TomNishikawa::facts hurt doesnt it?
