Timmy Bannister::LAST
Jacob Dockter::Gianis has looked good in his limited time. henson though anther strong game from this 22 yd rold. Telling you again. Gianis, sanders, and henson is a pretty decent lineup once they all in their prime. Adding in either wiggins or parker or smart or randle will just make us better. We do need guard play alot. So I wouldn't be so sad if we got smart. But wiggins is a very speical player.
Sean Patrick Coon::this nets team is garbage, but it'll be interesting to see them at full strength. dwill and ak47 starting, moving livingston and anderson to the bench. add terry as another shooter. and in four weeks get pierce back. they could turn this around, but they have to get healthy. THEN judge kidd.
Seal Rchin::Stephen A. Smith was saying how amazing Deron Williams looks in his suits, he wanted to ask for taylors number.  The ESPN media is starting to slowly turn on Deron Williams, he gets paid like a superstar but he is really nothing but a lighter skinned version of Carmelo Anthony.
Seal Rchin::This is Lopez's big chance, team, GM and coach know that Joe Jonson is not THE GUY, we all know that Deron never was THE GUY, this is his chance to take over the team by his game, by winning he can convince the coach to build and game plan around him..............and not Deron going his ISO dance.
Joe Brooks::If I had billions of dollars and lived in another country I don't think I would care if my team sucked either. So I guess Kidd can hang around a little longer.
Ian K-wizzie::Is the recap article talking about the Nets' one-game winning streak?     Does ESPN really consider that a winning "streak"?
Stephen Boesch::what winning streak are we talking about? last thing we saw from brooklyn (2 days back) was getting spanked by the knicks
Dustin Wagner::Bucks going for two in a row baby, glad to see one of the top teams according to payroll doing so bad, MUST SUCK TO BE A NET FAN.
Randyl Ybanez::you know how much Jason Messy Kidd is happy for this one!..but still He needs to get fired!..
Ben Hall::Well at least we can say the Nets are not the worst team in the NBA. They are still broken though...
George Chip Thayer::Nets found someone they can beat.
Timmy Bannister::FIRST
Jacob Dockter::Bucks future looks bright. With Gianis and Henson and Sanders. All those in their prime its going to be fun to watch. Add smart to that line up! Can you imagine. Of course i would love to get wiggins. Wigigns at sf, henson at pf, sanders at C and gianis at Sg.  Hell i would take wiggins/parker/randle.  However every bucks fan should be excisted about the future of henson, and sanders, and Gianis. Henson esp. I see great things for him. He is very young 22 i believe. I said to start the season he si the bucks best player. He is finally getting the mins to prove that.
Mitchell Swirth::play giannas, henson, and wolters 25-30 minutes a game! this season is going no where. why waste valuable playing time for those guys by playing old washed up guys? gary neal has no business on this team. just an offense killer.
Jack Schiro::For any bucks fan still cheering for this team, I recommend you stop.  In order for the bucks to have  a future in Milwaukee we need to get a top 5 pick and commit to lose every game for the rest of the season.  View every win as a loss.  #one of the biggest bucks fans in the city
Anthony Wing::wrong. root to win. it hardly makes a difference unless your out of the top 3 worst. youll be there(bottom 3), but you shouldnt root for it. players go where they want to go eventually anyways. kobe is the last one to stay put but who wouldnt stay put? yeah thats what i thought cursse you la! anyway i hope you guys get a good pick..i do...just dont root to lose. thats no fun. its a game. you dont play monopoloy and try to lose do you? why play even?  do you pay for cable too annd still you root yto lose? that would be bonkers. cheers im just argumentative....you can take your shots at me now...
Jacob Dockter::Anthony Wing  In most years. you need top 3. in this year the draft class is so deep. the 5th pick would go number 1 last year. However. Wiggins is by far the best talent we have seen since durrant or even lebron. Parker is also on that level.  Besides those two however, you got randle and smart. both of whom would be number 1 picks in most other years. As long as the bucks dont get screwed in the lottery they will have a top 4 pick.
Steve Broome::Hope the Bucks fans are enjoying that pile of feces Udoh.   Sincerely,  Warriors fans
Gordon David Light::How embarrassed must Milwaukee be this morning - losing to the nets?
Gejsi Marku::Nets are basically getting paid 180 million 'bucks' to secure a first round draft pick.
Jacob Dockter::No. Nets don't have a first round pick this year. ATL owns the rights to their pick. And it is NOT lottery protected. If ATL gets wiggins amma go nuts. But that is the most likely outcome. Esp. if the bucks are the worst. Bucks have not been lucky in the recent lottery. Since 2005
Mitchell Swirth::Jacob Dockter yeah lucky to land bogut...1 year away from howard and 2 away from lebron.
Derek Thomas Harris::Anybody know the injury situation w/ Luke Ridnour? Is it his back again?
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Brook Lopez has been unstoppable tonight, perfect
Matt Elmore::Glenn Robinson is rolling over in his grave...
Robert Velovic::why does henson sit whole 2nd quarter?
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Because Larry Drew hates him
Mike Glick::Fire Kidd, period.
Malique Moore::Brooklyn sucks
