jdizzy1982::Jay-z  is a lil biach. what moron accepted him as a ownership partner. Now he's going off on the nets ownership and ripping them  on his new hit single "open letter"  Yall wanna listen, click this link  http://globalgrind.com/music/jay-z-open-letter-new-music
C2Poke88::I was watching the BKN-BOS game last night and heard Jon Barry pimp Avery Bradley for DPOY at the start of the game.  It looks like Derron Williams called BS on that one. He schooled Bradley. 29pts on 50% shooting, 12asts, 10-10 FT, 4-1 ast/to ratio, had Bradley in foul trouble all night, and led his team to victory on Bradley's home court.  You might want to pump the brakes on that DPOY talk Jon.
_I Am A Celtic_::Real smart basing one game of aggressive defense and foul trouble on a full season award
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Exactly.
soldier00013::only JB would say some dumb crap like this. he also picked the Thunder to beat the Heat in 6.
soldier00013::suck it boston. here is to another 20 years of poop.
CrimsonEyedDeath::Celtics can't beat the Nets, and they think they'll beat the Knicks or Heat?  HA!  Enjoy your offseason, Celtics fans, it's coming sooner than you think.  And be ready to abandon this team until it gets good again, because it's only going to get worse.  Since most of you weren't even watching the Celtics until they got KG and Allen and stopped being a playoff joke/lottery team.
PHLYGUY555::Celtics will beat the knicks in the playoffs if Garnett whispers the secret world in Melos ear and throws him off his game......i wonder what it is
fjpowlan::KG should be gone for the next game. Intentionally throwing an elbow at someone's head who is already on the ground after the whistle blew is just dirty. Not hustle or heart.
a617guy::C's are all heart, and that comes in the playoffs. They aren't playing for anything right now
C2Poke88::So you're saying "Celtic Pride" is just a myth?
ThatsGoodSoup7963::$@%! THIS.
rondo2KG::Half the team is D-League guys, get Terry outa here he blows
rondo2KG::This roster will look completely different next year
argenis fradique::I gotta say I agree with Shaq- Brook Lopez may be best big man in the league. The Orl kid Vuvechic or however you spell it is nice too!
NYY Thunder::They will only get worse next year. They should be glad to make the play-offs after losing Rajon
CrimsonEyedDeath::Well, at least the fans won't see them while they're bad.  In the fine Boston tradition, most of the 'fans' will abandon this team until it's good again, then suddenly they'll have 'always' been here for the good run.  If it holds to form, it should be another 21 years before Boston's quality again, by that time there should be another former Celtic player able to give them a superstar for peanuts, since that's what it took to make them good again this time, and not drafting smartly.
garnolfini::They were 20-23 with Rondo. That's why he was on the trading block.
SeattleSigningYoMamaToo::thats because Rondo is an alien
SeattleSigningYoMamaToo::Nets and Celtics  Fighting over the Knicks scraps
garnolfini::Celtics are actually worse than the Bucks at the moment.
argenis fradique::Hey C's hope u r playing possum, you look dreadful. The Knicks and their fans feel its going to be an easy series. Are the C's finished?
flybye23::2 games over .500.....how emabarassing !!!   i thought Avery was a lock down defender.  getting in foul trouble and 29 points from Williams suggests otherwise.
rondo2KG::D Will, being the savy vet that he is, knows guys like Bradley will be extra hyped to gaurd the stars and overly aggressive early.  D will went right at him and draw early fouls in order to take him out the game.  Well played hopefully Bradley learned his lesson.
_I Am A Celtic_:::/
nhraven52::Knicks in 5
LebronownsPierce::Stats from last night: Ray Allen 23 points Jason Terry 4 points  LMFAO  Allen &gt; Terry
CrimsonEyedDeath::All I heard this offseason was how much of an 'improvement' Terry was over Allen.  What happened, Celtics fans?
BXwarriorBX::terry was open in dallas because dirk played in  the post
flybye23::that's stating the obvious, lol.  i blind man could see that.  they exchanged the greatest 3 point shooter of all time who is a great locker room presence for a PUNK that can score as much as he runs his mouth cause he is little younger.  good move dumb @$$ Ainge !!!   lol
LebronownsPierce::"Jason Terry is soooo much better than Ray Allen"  Celtic fans before the season  :)
CrimsonEyedDeath::Most of you clowns did, just like you're saying the same thing about Danny A over Welker.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Not a Patriots fan, bro. I don't give a f &amp; ck what they do.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::I never said that.
The point center::bradley is so overrated. jimmy butler is a better defender and might be the best on ball defender in the league.
mykel8723::no way he' s better than avery
Tinman1188::Let me get this straight, as knicks fan. I'm supposed to be scared of the Celtics? How cute
OLYMPIAKOS_1::I would say 5 game series
Tinman1188::There's a four or five game $@%-whooping coming to you, Boston.
Jmello517::Why do people actually care about these games? It's like you talk trash and no one actually cares because we all know KG needs to get back to normal.
BXwarriorBX::yeah a normal 37 year old nba player
iggytoole::Terry is fading fast. That LeBron dunk might have cause him concussion type syndromes. They should make him see a doctor.
CrimsonEyedDeath::You spelled 'mortician' wrong.
OLYMPIAKOS_1::deron looks like he lost a decent amount of weight, a lot of improvement in his play
jrtall3n7::he also got some shots for the pain in his ankles and got a lot of bounce back
OLYMPIAKOS_1::good for him, hes playing a lot better, and looks good...no $@%!
Rezo201::His personal trainer on Instagram said he lost 9 pounds of "bad stuff" and put on a few pounds of the "good stuff". He looks a lot more defined.
playstation4iscomingNovember::they should play that duke player more.  atleast he gets rebounds
LetsGoAtlantaHawks::boston is gonna get rocked by the knicks
Triple Double Stuffed Oreos::WOW Pierce is pissed!!!
Randolph the Grey::He should be. The team should be more p.issed, and everything he said was right.
Triple Double Stuffed Oreos::i hate this team's mentality
chocolate__giddyup::There aren't very many teams who would trade rosters with the Celts. This team is sinking like a brick..
Lebron James 2013 MVP::"It's no coincidence that when Avery went off the floor, Deron Williams got ultra-aggressive," Rivers said. "I give Deron a lot of credit; when Avery picked up that first foul he attacked him."  Doc says that Avery got handled.
Triple Double Stuffed Oreos::you have bad reading comprehension
Randolph the Grey::bye whoever is left.
Triple Double Stuffed Oreos::wait, what did doc say?
Triple Double Stuffed Oreos::smh so true ugh
Randolph the Grey::idk, you'd think the team would have some sort of urgency.
Randolph the Grey::he basically said it was about effort.
Lebron James 2013 MVP::Look up.
Randolph the Grey::I'm so p.issed at Doc's comments after the game.
Triple Double Stuffed Oreos::what did he say?
Lebron James 2013 MVP::What did he say?
Lebron James 2013 MVP::Randolph the Grey - Why do you care?  I need a good laugh.
Randolph the Grey::lag?
Randolph the Grey::Why do you care?
Lebron James 2013 MVP::We are just going to be playing our bench on Friday. Heat 105 - Celtics 88.
Randolph the Grey::whatever
Randolph the Grey::Dang, Denver blowing out San Antonio...
CrimsonEyedDeath::Celtics can't beat the #4 seed.  What makes them think they'll beat the #1 or #2 seed?
Randolph the Grey::the lakers are 5 games above .500.............................................................................
Triple Double Stuffed Oreos::they won?
Triple Double Stuffed Oreos::ugh
Randolph the Grey:::'(
BABY IGGY..ROSE IS THE BEST PG SINCE MAGIC.GET IT RIGHT BSPN::Celtics and bulls are smart not to make any hurried moves, , looks  like Ainge is being careful about giving out multi year contracts as well, meanwhile the  Knicks are stuck with amare, nets are stuck with joe Johnson and the pacers have no flexibility at all, and the heat will be worried more about keeping players than getting them
flybye23::it's simple what Riley will do.  he will resign the big 3 and they will take millions less again......AGAIN, to play for the Heat and they will pick up more key role players such as Battier and Allen if necessary.  and whoever they pick up will also take less money to play for a championship organization just like Allen, Battier, Haslem and others did.  no other team can do what the Heat does.
Randolph the Grey::How can you say Ainge is being careful about multi-year contracts when he gave them to Jason Terry (who was 35 when he signed with us) and Courtney Lee, both of whom have immensely underperformed?
Randolph the Grey::I think Pat Riley is smart though and somehow will get younger stars alongside Lebron and wouldn't be as concerned about keeping the core...
Randolph the Grey::Ohhhhhh.. okay.
Randolph the Grey::He also gave one to Bass, who was everyone's whipping boy earlier in hte season.
BABY IGGY..ROSE IS THE BEST PG SINCE MAGIC.GET IT RIGHT BSPN::I don't think their contracts go through 2014, that's what I meant
Randolph the Grey::korean7860?
Cut_You_Off::Underdog time once again, I'm off
Triple Double Stuffed Oreos::bye
Randolph the Grey::gn
Randolph the Grey::http://www.boston.com/sports/basketball/celtics/2013/04/10/carlesimo-gushes-over-jeff-green/33ykRPRmseh0Pqpuab6oVN/story.html?camp=twit:celtics&amp;SREF=Optin&amp;dlvrit=834396  it doesn't really matter tho
Triple Double Stuffed Oreos::i read it already
Randolph the Grey::lol ok
BABY IGGY..ROSE IS THE BEST PG SINCE MAGIC.GET IT RIGHT BSPN::Bobcats sign Kobe, pierce, kg, dirk and Nash, for one last ride lol
Randolph the Grey::LOL
Triple Double Stuffed Oreos::lolololol
Xiu Li::I am out. And, I win here AGAIN!
Triple Double Stuffed Oreos::you put this on your resume?
Randolph the Grey::and he calls celtic fans delusional... lol
Devin Avant::And you still haven't gotten me my Fried RICE!!!!
BABY IGGY..ROSE IS THE BEST PG SINCE MAGIC.GET IT RIGHT BSPN::I would love for wade to spend his last year in Chicago, having a Chicago born back court win it all would be great
Cut_You_Off::Wade will be garbage by then
BABY IGGY..ROSE IS THE BEST PG SINCE MAGIC.GET IT RIGHT BSPN::Probably, ohh well
BABY IGGY..ROSE IS THE BEST PG SINCE MAGIC.GET IT RIGHT BSPN::Lebron, wade and bosh all have player options and wade will not be very good anymore but he will be making max contract type money, it's either take a pay cut or the heat can't improve or do anything because of the luxury tax
Xiu Li::Pierce should retire...he is WASHED UP.
Triple Double Stuffed Oreos::like your life?
Randolph the Grey::still better than that piece of trash lin.
Devin Avant::Lin still is btchin about not getting recruited by Stanford and UCLA. SMH
Xiu Li::Think again?!
memo1377::Everybody say the meanest things about xiu li
Xiu Li::"We hope every single good player from every good team retires...so my C's can be a good team again. and, we miss Sully and Rondo".  - Rachel &amp; Beza
Randolph the Grey::are you dumb or did i not just say the nba will be different without kobe.   also, look at the comment below, dumbf.uck
Triple Double Stuffed Oreos::flagged
Randolph the Grey::wow, dirk, paul pierce, kobe, and probably kg are all retiring in 2014 :'(
korn7860::Dirk stated several times he wants to play into his 40's
Randolph the Grey::omg! melo's a free agent in 2014, too...
Xiu Li::The Geriatric bunch for the Celtics going home LOSERS night after night. Can't wait to see Garnett and Pierce's ugly mugs as they are quickly booted from the playoffs...I'll say it now and save you kids the trouble. Celtics getting SWEPT from the playoffs = REF'S FAULT!!!
Devin Avant::What's the derivative of cos(X)?
Devin Avant::Thanks for helping me with my Calc hmk!! Much appreciated!
Randolph the Grey::it's -sin(x) lol
