Cheyenne's::Who ARE these guys? Last week Some dude named Jordan Hill was supposedly an all star who was gonna get a big free agent contract, now some guy named Wesely Johnson is scoring 27 points? What the H is goin on in Lakerland? Do we actually have real young players for the first time in forever?
Captin_Irk::2 out of 3 on the road not bad & I  love the never say quit attitude during the game. This game would of been easier if they didn't have all the turnovers. Looks like Chris Kaman is on Dantoni's pine list and will have to work his way off. Portland at home is going to be hard for sure.
James Reynaldo::I do hope this is the start of a breakout for Wesley being highly touted out of college and all. Long, athletic, hustles, and has a jumper. He's been doing good with the system. If it isn't, I'd be happy with different players stepping up for every game with the Lakers.
bmw3racer::Wow, lots of contribution from various players each night... But what'll happen when Kobe returns?
Orly::Congrats to my favorite team in the NBA. Every game, every player is improving...Jordan Hill injured again?
Bishop::The Lakers are improving and playing defense so they have a great chance at winning this game.
bones23::Why call a timeout with the ball, with the lead? With 1.9 seconds left?
Rico M::Notice how much more efficient the Pistons are when they are not taking too many 3's? They can dominate at mid range and inside with their athleticism.
Commenter::If the Lakers were in the Eastern Conference, they'd be in a tie for 3rd place with Atlanta. So much for conference parity.
jaywolf1::That was a GREAT win. Johnson and Williams had great games, and Swaggy P made the defensive play of the game to win it, but I want to make sure my boi Pau Gasol get's some MUCH deserved credit for contributing to that W as well b/c he's had to endure WAY too much criticism from the fans, Stu-pid Lantz, and the media. Did u guys see Pau's OUTSTANDING offensive rebounding (3 in a row!) in the 4th Qrtr on that play that directly contributed to our run that allowed us to take the lead and win it!? WTG PAU!!!!
