milw-jay::The NBA season is too long. 66 games is perfect, cause then you could eliminate the 4 games in 5 nights bs that detracts from the quality of play that gets every team in the league at some point.
D.Wagner85::I love how people are all doom and gloom from this loss.  The Heat lost to the frigen at the time 1-13 Wizards, lets not get our panties in a bundle people.  You lose some games to bad teams, thus is the nature of the NBA.  Good win Cavs, you played your hearts out and got a great win.
drarachnid::WHY DON'T THEY PLAY ILYASOVA!!???!
D.Wagner85::Honestly because he just is not able to contribute offensively right now.  I see it as the team phasing him out due to a likely trade between Jan 15th and the trade deadline.  The Bucks need to find a 3rd core player, Jennings and Ellis are good, but every other player on the team is no more then a roll player being relied on to much.
EuropeDude1981::My friend, this backcourt needs to be broken up sooner rather than later.. Ellis and Jennings are not good. They'd tear it up if they came to your rec center. And they can put up some stats now and then, but they are not a winning combination in the NBA. They're flashy and entertaining but they will get you 40 to 50 losses each year
1mproperDancing::The Bucks basically just got beat by Luke Walton.  If that's not rock bottom, I don't know what is.
WIstormchaser2119::HOW THE HELL DO THE BUCKS LOSE TO THE CALVES?!?!
Its all my fault::Any given night. This is the NBA moron
stevenalexsdad2::its amazing how much we suck at home
Pack_Badg_errrr1::The bucks are a joke.... beat the Celts on the road and get owned at home by a college team at best...
JohnsonnnL::Nice job by Thompson and Zeller with the double doubles
Chris341276::Been using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Im making 2-3K a month porift the past 3 months using this system.
Chris341276::I have been following a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Im making around 2-3K a month following this system. If you search google for sports betting systems you will find it. I have bet on sports for years and have never seen a system this accurate.
Fat_tard_rules.::That my boy Monta Ellis!!  Two beast games since that bad night in Memphis.  Way to bounce back.  #Mississippi Bullet.
Gagebrewer::Dont live in TV range, so i get cavs score updates via text, astonished when I got this score.
dirkaqs41::the bucks need to trade for a big man with scoring potential if they want to compete in the east cuz god knows they wont out small ball anyone...Kaman for sanders and goodens terrible contract bucks fans?
Everything Wisconsin Except MU::that trade is awful
dirkaqs41::Just sayin a post player might be necessary when you cant even score in the paint against tyler zeller...
child3311::Absolute pathetic game by the Bucks, loss @ home by a 5-23 club!! Glad I didn't waste a ticket to see that.
ctown8686::Clarence, the Bucks are Crap! The Cavs just haven't been playing up to their potential!
ricky2213::hes mad
Clarence2126::yeah right 6-23 ia such a great team
Clarence2126::losing to a team with 5 wins, bucks might as well just mail in the rest of the season
DrawohWasHere::Sparky, you must not have a ho this Christmas.
ricky2213::Im sure his mom is getting him something
Clarence2126::dont even begin to tell me14-12 is a good record, dont even go there!
DrawohWasHere::you trying for the stupid troll of the year award?
Clarence2126::the whole does team starting with the head coach is garbage!
Clarence2126::ther pacers come back and beat a sucky team on the road and the does cant beat the lowly cavaliers at home. go figure!
Clarence2126::whatever jerkoff, its a free country
DrawohWasHere::Free sparky so he can jerkoff
Clarence2126::kiss my $@%
DrawohWasHere::dumb sparky
Clarence2126::doesnt matter right now they beat a crap team on the road and the does couldnt beat a crap team at home.
DrawohWasHere::give it a break there sparky.
ctown8686::pacers are the new hawks, good enough to make the playoffs, but they aint winning crap!
Clarence2126::wow all u people who called me stupid earlier and the does would make a huge comeback can all kiss my a*s*s!
DrawohWasHere::Another double/double for Tristan Thompson.
KN_WisconsinFan::The Milwaukee Bucks will continue to lose as long as Marquis Daniels is a starter.
ctown8686::He's garbage, tade monta and illaysilva for deng
ctown8686::BTW, JOHN GRUDEN NEEDS TO COME TO THE BROWNS INSTEAD OF WASTING AWAY IN THE BOOTH
DrawohWasHere::Paul Brown is coming back from the dead to coach the Browns.
jsmi53081::It would be scarey to have a real coach in Cleveland! We might win games!
ynot1825::reliable source says he's going to the raiders
ctown8686::HELL YEA!
justinmb1598::WE ACTUALLY WON
mackb93::to anyone who saw this game, how was dion waiters shot selection tonight?
DrawohWasHere::A good game by Dion.   A stud in the making.     IT was TT that was once again impressive with his 9th double/double.   Just overall good play by the Cavaliers.   Even LUKE WALTON played well tonight.
ricky2213::and he shot over 50%..still doesnt get a lot of calls when he drives but they will come..he had a good game
ricky2213::he drove to the basket a lot tonight
mackb93::i was hoping it was a little better since he only took 3 3's. that's the only way he'll fill out his potential. shoulda stayed with beoheim
MaurkicePounceySucks::Still terrible
andrewplayer21::Luke Walton played a decent game finally.
steve mctowelie::earning that 6+mil a year
DrawohWasHere::IT's true though.   He did at that. before he sprained his ankle in the 4th q
mikeyp2307::got to be the first time anybody has said that since like 2006
buckspackers23::Monta Ellis didn't score in the 4th and only attempted one shot. Guess what happened. The Cavs expanded the lead.
MaurkicePounceySucks::Maybe Monta should shoot 40 times per game?
buckspackers23::When he was making everything and was the only buck that could put the ball in the basket, yes.
bczech5050::The Monta Bucks lose to the Cavs by 10!
Jive88::Jennings has really regressed this year. Terrible leadership, and poor shooting. He probably wants out of Milwaukee already.
MaurkicePounceySucks::who wouldn't?
Jive88::Exactly why they're a AAA team for the real contenders.
allwedoiswingames::the noheat fans are annoying which ones are the worst iyo
steve mctowelie::all of the above
jimmy188710::Lakers most annoying but heat biggest bandwagon
mikeyp2307::heat lakers knicks
ctown8686::Classy Fans, the bucks are!
jimmy188710::Haha when we get Granger back we'l make our division look awful!
jimmy188710::no chance bulls beat us the way west and PG are playing when Granger gets back we will be able to play with anyone and everyone
mikeyp2307::already do
Fuerza del Norte::The Bulls will still win the division
ctown8686::GG Bucks fans
FadeBackShoot2Points::good game bucks and cavs fans..I'm out of here good night!
yata-9arasu::Good night!
ctown8686::gg
Fuerza del Norte::with the upcoming schedule we'll be under .500 by the end of December
buckspackers23::We should beat Brooklyn and Detroit, which will ensure us 1 game over.
yata-9arasu::Good game Bucks!  Tough game and every team has these games!  Good luck this year!  GO CAVS!!!
Clarence2126::the does have more let down game than any team in the nba so $@%! off
mikeyp2307::So this is what a win feels like. Has been too long. Go Cavs!
buckspackers23::Good game, cavs fans. Damn, awful game Bucks, especially considering we play the heat, spurs, rockets, etc coming up.
allwedoiswingames::the bucks might be lower than us cavs soon then
mikeyp2307::that is a brutal stretch.
ctown8686::And I like the Waiters pick for the record, Thompson is looking good so far, Jonas is a scrub!
orange_63::CAVS OWN THE BUCKS............hehehe
yata-9arasu::TYLER ZELLER!!!
ctowngambler78::Thats game!!
ctown8686::Cavs are Ballin!
allwedoiswingames::how many double digit points players do the cavs have tonight
quickbr0wnf0x::Nice balance.   Meanwhile, the Bucks had ONE player in double digits.
anwilson88::6
-Cavsfancavsfan-::kyrie needs to be more agressive on the offensive end...his d's been good tho
straub42::I doubt it. He put up career high in points his first game back after the jaw injury
ncbred77::I'm sure his jaw has a little to do with his aggressiveness.
jsmi53081::Kyrie had 41 the first night after the jaw injury. I think the fact that waiters didn't shoot 25% from the field, and there was additional support from thompson, miles, zeller, and even walton made it where Kyrie didn't need to be as aggressive on offense
SchleyU::kyrie didn't have to jack $@%! tonight.
DNLPS::What is the story with Jennings tonight? Is his foot bothering him? Is Kyrie owning him? Or is it just an off night?
ctown8686::Kyrie is just better
PeterPPK::Wow. This was actually really embarrassing. Yes, I know Ellis still had 37 points. But that doesn't do you any well when the rest of the team doesn't score more than 8. Once again, CONSISTENCY!!! If the Bucks want to be a good team, they have to become consistent. Otherwise, they'll only be average. Oh and btw Cavs fans, this doesn't change anything; your team still sucks.
ricky2213::Id rather be a team with high picks the next yr or so then be a maybe playoff team who will get bounced in the first round every year...Nice try though
straub42::LOL the Cavs have about 10 times more potential than Milwaukee. GG enjoy being the 10th best team in the conference for the next 20 years
Jbizzy1245::This doesn't change the fact that the best the bucks will ever be is an 8th seed, they will never win a title with this team.
EduardoRuiz00::yeah.  Good game to you too A-hole.
orange_63::thanks for the reassurance $@%.hole
yata-9arasu::We know that.  Isn't it funny that everyone comes in and tells us we have sucked this year.  Why can't you just say GG?
anwilson88::Scoring List Ellis: 37 pts. Rest of Bucks: not sh*t
Fuerza del Norte::Watching the end of "Ted" right now, so p*ssed at the crazy dude for ripping ted in half.
Fuerza del Norte::damn bro my bad
ctown8686::Thanks for spoiling it!
NGplayinskillz::Bucks are losing to one of the worst teams in the league. LOL. And guess what they are gonna be 3rd in the Central Division where they belong after this game
Fuerza del Norte::no bucks fan expects them to finish better than 7th or 8th in the east anyway.  rather be 3rd than last
