mpdalry1::Concerning positions....at this point Hornets are set at the 4 and depending on what they do with Kaman it may be the 5 that is going to be the biggest issue.  Need a TRUE center to back up Okafor if Kaman gets traded.  I REALLY like Jason Smith and Ayon.  In fact I doubt any player from the Draft, including Davis will be able to progress in short period of time the way Jason Smith has. He is very versatile can shoot out of the paint. and he is ATTACKING the rim BIGTIME.  with Gordon the Hornets have LANES and Monty's offense is clicking.  PG and center are the positions they need to address.  I am hoping they don't get Davis now because Smith and Ayon are NBA players that will only be better next year....Davis will need two years at least before he can play let alone be a a starter that can be an impact. This team will be READY to be contender next season with this team intact IF, Big IF, Gordon can stay on the court.  I am not really that concerned about he draft now and not praying for a savior.
Shawn1807::The Grizzlies are lookin' scary! LMAO...... I know, I know "what about last year"
wkdavis85::what about this year?
Shawn1807::Those Grizzlies are lookin' scary!!!! LMAO   I know, I know ......"what about last year"   If it looks like a $@%! and plays like a $@%!???
LSD_hookem::Dang Hornets! Nice work!
Gstoll1977::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
OleMiss355::i dont care what anyone says about the hornets, but the hornets are a good team. from a grizzlies fan
The Lakers are good at basketball::Uh I guess good in that they are in the NBA and are better than say a high school team. But... yeah they aren't really that good.
mpdalry1::they have won 4 out of last 5.  Gordon was hurt all year and has just come back...they are a winning team with him. AND the Hornets are still missing their starting PG and starting center and still winning 4 out of 5 games.  There are A LOT of quality young players on this team...they will be a winning team next year if everyone is healthy and get some help in the draft
BanHammerME::you are scaring the sh.it out of me. oh wait, kobe scoring champion and lots of rest = deeper playoff run than your team
Reality_And_Truth::The Lakers days are numbered...Kobe is looking old all of the sudden....like this entire season......
Goon-::They had too many injuries this season.
Meet-The-Forkers::Good Job NO!!!!
RockyMountainWay1::Why? Suns won't ever catch the Grizz anyway neither will Denver
yorklinks1::buy the lephone, only vibrates no ring haha LECHOKE see pic of the phone here http://bustasports.com/?page_id=169
masala716::you have to start Zach Randolph. That guy carried you in the playoffs last year.  You can bring guards off the bench ala Manu Ginobili, which the Grizzlies do with OJ Mayo, but you cannot apply the Manu concept with big men.  Your best big men must start. Always.
balltillifall_88::he isnt back to 100% yet
RamonSessionsMVP::Thanks Hornets!!! At least we'd get HCA over Memphis if we drop to #4.
seemebright::You know why Zach only took 2 shots? Because he's pissed off that he's coming off the bench. On top of that he's pissed off that the coach is treating him like a role player. A 20 and 10 guy and one of the best PF's in the league comes back from injury and is getting treated like a role player....blame coach Hollins.
balltillifall_88::z-bo is my favorite player. but honestly, he is not 100% yet and mo speights is playing better. z-bo is missing alot of shots he normally makes. i think he will be back in form and starting during the playoffs though.
thenbatmm::jason terry misses game tying layup! unbelievable!!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUOE6XQmUsU
BRAY5150::As a clippers fan I would like to thank the former clippers players on the hornets for their help today giving the clips a 2 game lead on Memphis. Its actually a 3 game lead since the clippers won the season series over Memphis.
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans1::Such a disrespect to the game and to the Hornets fans. Tanking the season with "injuries," and then start winning at the end of the season, just to make sure the fans don't realized that the NBA is fixed during lottery day.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::I can tell by his name that he's a damn idiotic moron. Who in the hell gets injure themeselve's on purpose in sports . On a side note how aye Lakers fans bangwagon when the Lakers been relevant. Meaning Playoff contention and championshio contenders. Don't get me wrong everyteam has bangwagon newbies, but your name is just dumb.
balltillifall_88::shut the hell up with that nba is fixed bullcrap
Bynum Leads The League In 3 pt attempts::Hornets 2012 champs
Goon-::Gordon is a good player, but he's too injury prone. He's only played 7 games this year.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Dang that sucks about Gasol. Hope he's alright. From a wolves fan, Go Grizz!
2424max2424::rudy need help and i guess that 4th quarter went to juices head. He came out gunning tonight not what is need but bad game all around from everyone, mike, gasol, mayo, nd the z-bo getting 2 shot thing i didn't understand but wow not a goodnight but it happens
JEpp25::How does Zbo only get 2 shots in 23min played?!
Richie5385::Louisiana Ragin Cajuns...there is your new nickname even though it's being used.
balltillifall_88::the grizzlies didnt play well tonight, but it happens. but this game goes to show you why we need z-bo to get back into form. dumping the ball into the post for an easy high percentage shot would have drastically helped us tonight. i think he is physically fine now, i just dont think he is ok mentally yet. but anyway, gasol will probably miss a couple games now, so maybe thatll push z-bo to get back faster.
Accountnumber37::What is up with the Hornets. Nuggets, Jazz, and now Grizzlies? 5-2 last 7
jsl03::Eric Gordon
PadresChargersClippers::The Grizzlies have all the talent but are a little inconsistent. They should do fine in a 7 game series. As for the hornets, they have a losing record but are always very competitive. No shame in losing this one for Memphis.
Double it up::Hornets are actually not a bad team on paper. Eric Gordon, Jack, Landry, Kaman and the injured Okafor and Ariza. Add 2 lottery picks and that's a playoff team next year if they resign Gordon.
Reality_And_Truth::Let Gordon go he is a Loser.....
Accountnumber37::There is just too many teams next year that will be fighting for that spot. Even the Warriors might be fighting too.
polocash::Their record disagrees. San Antonio swept them..
wkdavis85::Saying the Spurs will get swept in the playoffs may be one of the dumbest thing anyone has ever said on the internet. Congratulations on that. But seriously, have you paid attention to the NBA this year? No chance the Spurs get swept. Though as much as I hate the Spurs, I would love to see it happen.
Shawn1807::Both the Saints and now the Hornets are owned by a San Antonian so show a little respect and kiss Tom Bensons A S S.
SaintsNO9::Gordon has been out all year and Kaman, Okafor, Jack, Ariza, and Landry have all missed significant time. San Antonio will be swept in the playoffs. Go away now. It's probably time for mummy to tuck you in.
jsl03::I completely agree.
jsl03::The Hornets are going to be a great team next year.  They haven't had one game with their projected starting lineup this year.
Accountnumber37::Memphis is dangerous. LMAO
BRAY5150::logic is off because what they did in the playoffs last year has nothing to do what you'll do this season. Clippers with home court are going to be a tuff out for Memphis who aren't the best on the road which I'm sure you grizz fans know
chewbacca1245::That was last year!
Shawn1807::Your logic is off. If everything is like last year then we should all concede the championship to the Mavs you moron. Grizz fan STOP with the "what about last year" C R A P. It's over you were an idiot last year and your an idiot this year.
balltillifall_88::yes that is true. and we are a better team with a better record this year. if we were dangerous in the playoffs last year, and we are a better team this year, then we should be dangerous in the playoffs this year too, right? maybe my logic is off...
balltillifall_88::well, they did beat the spurs in the playoffs last year and it took OKC 7 games and 3 overtimes to beat them... plus we are a better team this year... but anyway, ill let you continue your trolling now.
wkdavis85::That was last year. There were 4 OTs in that series, 3 in one game.
PhillyDave74::New Orleans to cover -5.5 against Bobcats tomorrow??
balltillifall_88::ill never understand nba fans. sometimes i think they are the supidest fans in sports. im not just sayin this cause "my team lost", its true. ive never seen a fan base SO overreact to ONE game. it happens all the time. the grizz win games in LA against the lakers, miami against the heat, and okc against thunder, and they are one of the best teams in the west (which they are). then they lose ONE game to the hornets and they will be "swept in the playoffs". and the heat have some wins and are the favorite to win the finals, then they lose 2 in a row and "better watch out for the knicks in the playoffs". and rondo has some decent games and there are trade rumors, then he has great games and hes the best PG in the nba. and z-bo has been the best player on the grizzlies for 2 years, and then he has a bad injury and is working his way back and now he is "worthless and pathetic"? why on earth do fans soooo overreact to what happens in ONE game out of a 66 game season? you all must not watch alot of nba games. its pathetic.
polocash::It's not like you are going to win em all, but going into the playoffs you should beat weaker teams..
balltillifall_88::you honestly must not have payed attention to who the grizzlies have beat in the past 3 weeks... IT HAPPENS. as the saying goes, "any professional team can beat any other professional team on any given night". and we have been playing our best ball of the season for the past 3 weeks, i think we are peaking at a good time...
royboy1978::Life aint perfect.
Double it up::Nice wall of text. People are really gonna read that.
balltillifall_88::well i apologize for posting WORDS on a comment board. lol
royboy1978::I did and he's spot on with his post.
marinaneon2::Exactly, and I'm a Hornets fan. Grizzlies are still good. They would beat the Spurs again but they won't be the 8th seed this year.  As bad as the Bobcats are, they beat some good teams. One game doesn't mean anything. From what I remember, the Grizzlies won the other games vs. Hornets anyway
Shawn1807::The Grizz got swept this year by the Spurs.
dancedance65::Memphis flat out stunk tonight, but Hollins should be able to fire them up for the next one. No need to start screaming that the sky is falling because they lost once to a terrible team. Was I hoping they would lose to the Hornets? Of course not, I want them to go 66-0 this year. As long as playing this poorly isn't a habit, I'll get over it. Go Grizzlies!
royboy1978::Yep.
polocash::Grizz definitely looked like  a scary playoff team tonight...
royboy1978::Cowboy and Cub fans have no room to talk.
marinaneon2::With Gordon, the Hornets are better. If they weren't so injured, I personally think the Hornets would be a winning team. Not like the Bulls or anything but like a 32-28 kind of team. I know it's not good to lose, but losing to the Hornets is better than losing to the Bobcats, which the Hornets play tomorrow. If they lose that game, then forget everything I said
polocash::playoff teams shouldn't lose to teams with 17 wins
balltillifall_88::i guess you dont watch the nba much then. it happens.
polocash::what ever the excuse, the playoffs are soon approaching..
balltillifall_88::well its a good thing that in the past 3 weeks we have beat the lakers in la, the heat in miami, the thunder in okc, and also had wins over the clippers and mavs, and also had wins againt the suns who were playing great. one game is one game. shut up.
royboy1978::That's right.  It is approaching and we will be ready.
royboy1978::Don't let tonight's game fool you buddy.
Ireland297::Go hornets!!!
phunky58::rudy gay needs some help cant do it all himself.   and get pargo and selby in the game already.  im sick of coaches sitting game changing talent on the bench
emthomasjr::Pargo and Selby are game changing talent?  In the D-League, yes.
balltillifall_88::pargo and selby are NOT the answer. we have played great for 3 weeks. it happens. no need to start benching people.
52goldfinger007::How bad really are the Bobcats?? Does anyone think that Kentucky (the NCAA champion team) could beat them??
emthomasjr::It depends on what game they are playing.  No college team would be the Bobcats playing the NBA game because even the Wildcats are not strong enough to weather the grind.  The Wildcats, on the other hand, could probably beat several NBA teams playing the NCAA game; all the NBA starters on the other team would foul out halfway through the first half.
balltillifall_88::i dont think any college team could beat the bobcats. they are nba players for a reason...
marinaneon2::No, but it'd be close. The Bobcats are pretty darn bad, but they're still pro.
PhillyDave74::Yes. I think there are about 5 NCAA teams who could beat them.
BabyHandsBob::Hahaha. Couldn't happen to a more deserving team.
dancedance65::It means he's a Spurs fan that is still mad about last year
royboy1978::What the hell does that mean?
PhillyDave74::Got I hate gambling on the NBA, its always fixed. Backed Grizz -5.5 today. *SIGH* Back on it tomorrow - this time hoping NO can cover 5.5 against Bobcats
PhillyDave74::It sure is, been frustrating me all year, yet I still come back. The finals should be easier...?
imsoobjective::Hardest sport to bet imo
52goldfinger007::The Bulls almost lost to the Pistons........lol (with Rose.....)
da saints4731::he should bench still, he is kinda holding back the team
beast5631::Didnt watch the game wat happened?!
royboy1978::Grizz just didn't play like themselves tonight.
lsd423::silly, NOLA is gonna play themselves out of one of the big 3 sure shots in this years draft!!
ShaneP504::hope not
Brewer4Prez::Every NBA team loses games on the road to teams they should not lose to especially in a back to back.
marinaneon2::Right. Even the worst NBA teams are still pro.
ComixJoint::It's a shame Hollins didn't give Arenas more minutes. O.J. was clearly a bit off tonight and Arenas showed no signs of slowing down. If Agent Zero had been around to hit a few more threes, no telling how the game might have turned.
ShaneP504::NOLA Twerkers? lol
RichardBurrIII::the NBA is completely fixed for gambling purposes ...fishy line and a SU winner ...
balltillifall_88::you are an idiot...
ComixJoint::Yeah, tonight pretty much proved that... to all the morons in the world.
zrjp9::NOLA PISTOLS (in honor of pistol pete)  NBA would never allow that, but i like
imsoobjective::Nola hurricanes jk
GEAUX SEC OR GEAUX HOME::Yeah especially in the MURDER capital. lol
zrjp9::Yeh i know, lol
Brewer4Prez::You know you are good when other teams fans feel the need to come troll on your board.
royboy1978::Yep.
Kee0130::Grizzlies . THE end
Brewer4Prez::Haha yeah one game on a back to back and now it's the end?  Dramatic much?
marinaneon2::I'm just glad the Hornets are staying in Louisiana in the meantime. Grizzlies are good--a ton better now than they used to be. Hopefully Hornets can get some good draft pick(s) and be a better team next year. With an owner you can have more control over that.
ComixJoint::Really, the Hornets should be modeling their franchise after the Grizz and the Thunder. Two small-market teams that are making a lot of noise these days.
DefenceRulez::Maybe the sale included a number 1 pick...
Kee0130::so VERY disappointed w/ the Grizzlies tonight. This game was freaking terrible! But thats okay we still have the upper hand. We will get pay back Wednesday and at the end of the day we still will be going to the P L A Y O F F S!!
royboy1978::Exactly.
imsoobjective::So is gasol s knee out or what
grapenutz78::if he cant put weight on it, not a good sign
balltillifall_88::he was walking on it... gasol is one tough dude though. ill be waiting for the update on twitter all night. just have to wait and see i guess.
balltillifall_88::its a hyper extended knee. should be good to go for the playoffs at the worse, but we really needed these next few games...
imsoobjective::Ouch yeah he needs to be 100%
craigawest::THRIVE LAKER NATION!
