mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
larsondjs76::Jimmer for 8th man of the year!
Jim7419::Jimmer is better than lillard. Just ask SDS coach Steve Fisher, who said Jimmer was the toughest player he has ever had to defend and he coached many years in the big ten. Lillard is getting a chance to show what he can do in the nba and Jimmer plays for a clueless coach and he plays on the most selfish team in the nba. Watch out lillard lovers because Jimmer is the next Steve Nash. Jimmer with the ball in his hands can shoot from anywhere and he's one helluva passer. He just needs a chance and what a class act.
bergster391::Jimmer fans = LOL
larsondjs76::lol
ounlopez::Jimmer!
BubbaSpiker::What do Kyrie Irving, Kemba Walker and Damian Lillard have in common?  They are have PER ratings lower than Jimmer.
bigdaddyblackwood::IT should be starting
ChargersFan4Life001::Well im gonna go, good talking to you all. GG and GL Magic.  Good win going onto the road, gn all GO KINGS!
dog_has_fleas::Does anyone else here other than SD fan know who Megan Beeson is?
dog_has_fleas::All these people are wrong...
ChargersFan4Life001::.........
surasosa::redevelopmentguy The fact that you even question this completely shows what a damn idiot you are. Nobody in their right mind would take Jimmer over Damian Lillard. Except people like you that are obsessed with Jimmer. Let's face it, you cannot objectively assess Jimmer. Your ignorance is at ridiculouly high levels.   honestly dude who is the one who is biased and can't see past the fact that they are a fan. someone who watched fredette dominate college basketball, hit 49 against arizona with williams.. 43 against san diego state who was as  athletic as any team in the country that year, and #3 in the country…52 against new mexico. is it the fan who saw him take lowly BYU to #4 in the nation by his self and to the sweet 16 even after losing his only big man… is it the fan who watched him sweep every player of the year award, and lead the nation in scoring… is this fan really the one who is the ridiculous idiot… especially when this year fredette has been top 5 almost all year in points per min, his fg % has been right at 50% 3's at plus 40. basically in his limited min fredette has looked much like the same guy… yet his fans are the idiots for not taking your word that he is no match for lillard.. we are suppose to take your word, (an obvious hater of fredette for some reason) that he sucks…. man his fans have seen too much out of this guy to let u tell them they dont know what they are talking about, or better yet that they dont know what they are seeing… he has received some of the worst treatment I've seen as a nba fan… he is a lottery pick and a college unanimous poy and scoring champ. yet can't even get a decent reward system going for good play…. so you keep saying that fredettes fans are delusional all u want, and hope maybe someone buys into it… but heres some facts… in college, fredette handled lollard each time they played.. always won and always  outplayed him…. two superstars on two small teams, and fredette always came out on top… heres another fact, take fredettes ave and up them to match lillards min and fredettes numbers will not only hang tuff, they will surpass…. who's the real bozo here with his head up his ace hating for reasons other than bball and expecting everyone else to just buy into what he's saying..
surasosa::im the king of the jimmer resilient... if u only knew..... peace out...
surasosa::not to mention fredette had 11 in the fourth... in a tight game.... and i never said college number carry over to nba success, i said when ur a fan of someone and u see them do some crazy stuff on the basketball court, that success is gonna make u think they can cont it at the next level... unless its proven thru time on the court followed by failure, that they can't... right now fredette is barely getting time, but is putting up crazy good numbers... that is reason to not give up if ur a true fan
redevelopmentguy::I'ma fan of the Kings, not neceassirly any one player.  If the Kings win with Jimmer on the court great!  If the Kings are winning with Jimmer getting 5 minutes a game, I won't lose any sleep either.  At the end of the day, I just want this team to win so I am a fan of that.    It's been a long day.  I'm out.     You Jimmer faithful are resiliant.  That's a compliment in case you were wondering.
redevelopmentguy::I will also say the Kings are completely the wrong team for Jimmer.  Jimmer needs to be on a team (likely in the Eastern Conference) that is akin to the 2001 Philadelphia 76ers.  That team had Iverson and not a lot of other primary scoring options.  In other words, surround Jimmer with much more defensive-minded players than what currently exists in Sacramento.  Jimmer is not a point guard, but an undersized shooting guard (like Iverson was).  I am not denying that the jury is still out on Jimmer.  Put him on a defensive minded team where he can be the one of the top three scoring threats on that team and I think he'll have much more success in that format.  The Kings are not the team for him.
dog_has_fleas::Wait so he plays on a team in the WC is why he doesn't play well at times? Where was BYU? Were they really a defensive team? My thoughts on that are no. He is nowhere near as talented as AI either, now you are just being foolish. Lets give the guy his due for having a good game, but don't start talking like he is the second coming after having a completely inept season last year and at times has looked lost, even in this game.
surasosa::now we're talking.. just cant go dogging my boy.....
kingsdynasty12::cousins also 4 turnovers and he is a dang center
kingsdynasty12::and he had an assist... another stat skew on ur part.... come with the facts like surat said lol
kingsdynasty12::did jj go 5 for 7 from the floor or did fredette... is jj shooting dang near 50 % from the field this year or is it fredette... if ur just gonna say stuff to say fine. but why dont u bring some stats to back it up... fredette out performed reddick in every aspect tonight... and he didnt play point one min tonight and thats y there were a lack of assist... and the magic hit two shots during their fouling also... jimmer was +13  the next closest was cousins at +8 but lets ignore that and just pretend the team didn't real play their best with fredette on the court...typical
dog_has_fleas::Glen Davis, Afflalo, Ayon, Reddick, Moore, JT, Salmons, Garcia, DMC, T-Rob and Thornton also didn't play PG tonight and managed assists. Funny how that happens. If they credited him with an assist late then good for him but 1.9 assists from your PG, or a guy who is supposed to be, yeah real nice.  I distinctly remember Bibby not being much of a passer while in Sac yet he still sat around 5 per game, not per 48 minutes. Funny how Bibby can manage to light it up and still involve others yet Jimmer homers give him the free pass because he had a good game.   I will admit he has improved over last year as far as shooting but shooting was never his problem, it was defense, something he still lacks. Bring up this one game all you want but the man needs work on defense.
kingsdynasty12::well  in limited action his numbers are loudly disagreeing with u. i think what surat is saying is until he gets a shot, and he keeps playing at a top ten points per min level, his fans should be allowed to think otherwise.... i saw fredette hit two silky giant killer floaters tonight, as well as a filthy spin bank shot to extend the lead late... he also has dropped nice passes this year as well... he seems to be more than just a shooter....
dog_has_fleas::Some nice passes? The guy is one of the worst at assisting plays. How is it that two of their big men look better at passing the ball than him?
redevelopmentguy::Is this  fair and balanced view of Jimmer?  (side joke).  Look, Jimmer was a phenomenal college player.  As a Zona alum I am keenly aware of his 49 points on the Wildcats.  Jimmer, as I expalined to Grantox has a role, a specific role in the NBA.  Shoot the damn ball from the outside.  He does that one thing great.  Other things he does not do great.  Bobby Hurley at one time was the all-time assist leader in college history.  Didn't pan out in the NBA.  You CANNOT infer that because someone had a great college career that they will be great, or even good in the NBA.  It's what makes a Draft a crapshoot.  You just never know.  Based on college stats, Jimmer should have been drafted first but he wasn't.  Why?    I'll be the first to admit that Derrick Williams is not a good NBA player right now and that he had underacheived.  It just happens sometimes in the NBA.
kingsdynasty12::by the way i love this post... if fredette saw lillard like min, i truly think he would have some very nice numbers.. his deee for the most part is below par... but he is putting up crazy good numbers this year in limited min, and the crazy part is he has always been a rhythm guy... volume shooter... had to have looks to get hot... now he is coming in in very limited min and shooting and scoring great.... surat is dead on with fredette not yet getting a chance... in two games this year fredette has closed the fourth quater and the kings have won.... how many wins do the kings have period?
surasosa::thats ur biz, i was just saying that just because one guy is receiving his shot, and the other is not doesnt make it a done deal.. and u saw him pounding the ball, but he was 5 for 7from the field, with 5 reb and he was +15 in the plus minus department... must be doing a little more than ball pounding
dog_has_fleas::Yeah lets forget the 4 turnovers...and no assists. Wait he plays point guard right? Oh my bad I thought that was their job. And don't kid yourself, that plus minus is skewed, if the magic don't foul the redonk out of the Kings at the end of the game the +/- for most guys on the Kings is +6 if that.
blrmrthm::Jimmer and Redick remind me of a player at Maryland 30 or so years ago - Brian Magid.  Except neither of them can shoot anywhere close,to as well as Magid.  Magid, unfortunately, played before the 3pt shot.    Jimmer and JJmare poor defensively and are only in the league because the talent level in the league stinks and they can shoot the 3.
dog_has_fleas::I watched the game dude, making a guy that doesn't play d look bad is basically like making any one of us look bad. The difference is JJ can shoot
kingsdynasty12::fredette dee'd reddick up all night... and i think my dad once told me about this maryland guy... jimmer had nifty moves all night long... spin moves in traffic....  another example of folks writing fredette off because of the negs that they have heard....and not seen
dog_has_fleas::I just got done watching Jimmer pound the ball into the court yet again without looking to pass it until he was falling out of bounds. That is what I am sick of seeing. i would rather have Lillard over Jimmer.
eototalt::It's ok Orlando... at least you outscored the Cavs.
dog_has_fleas::I like it, positive thinking on this guys part.
Hawaiian Raiders::Wow, the under 96 hit....I did not play it because u never know...Two teams in search of something...
dog_has_fleas::For all the crap I hear about Melo coming back hurting the Knicks, wouldn't that seem like a good target for the Kings? I mean if they could get him without giving up DMC and T-Rob?
redevelopmentguy::We'd have to unload some of our shoot first players to NY if we were to get Melo back in a trade.  Melo is the best scorer in the NBA right now.  Him or Durant.     Fredette and/or Thornton would need to be a part of any Melo trade to make it balance out.  You can only have too many scorers on one team.  Just my opinion.
dog_has_fleas::I would say giving up a streaky thronton and jimmer are worth a consistent scorer. I don't believe the coach will put up with a me first attitude and having bigs to get the ball to i believe Melo could pull the Kings together, pipe dream i know but it would be worth it to push the team forward.
redevelopmentguy::I would trade Reke (and player to be named later) for Deng.  in a heartbeat.
ChargersFan4Life001::difficult decision, because evans is showing recently why he won ROY, and if he keeps this up then I dont know if I want to lose him. Melo is better right now and can score when the team goes cold, but will he defend and play unselfish ball?
dog_has_fleas::Glad someone here is reasonable. But say they aren't offered Deng but Melo, would you take that?
redevelopmentguy::I have always liked Deng, even though he went to Duke.  Good, solid small forward.    I just have this sense though that Petrie is handcuffed by the Maloofs on making big trades.
dog_has_fleas::I don't personally think the Maloofs handcuff them, I think that they would trade for the right guy, and if Deng for Reke came up, I think it would happen, just my opinion.
redevelopmentguy::Stoudemire is much more likely to get traded than Melo.  Personally, i would rather have Luol Deng on the Kings than Carmelo.    The last thing we need is yet another me first shooting in high volume player.
ChargersFan4Life001::trust me, i know
blrmrthm::ChargersFan4Life001 - melo is a great scorer and had been rebounding better, but is iffy on defense and plays hero ball. If he is gonna play unselfish and defend I'd be all for it. I want them in the playoffs as much as anybody  ---------  Holding your breath is NOT recommended in this case.
ChargersFan4Life001::melo is a great scorer and had been rebounding better, but is iffy on defense and plays hero ball. If he is gonna play unselfish and defend I'd be all for it. I want them in the playoffs as much as anybody
dog_has_fleas::The Kings need a go to guy. Like Peja was for a short stretch, Bibby, C-Webb. They don't have a guy like that right now and if they gave up Reke for Melo, I think he instantly makes them a better team. Would they be getting a ring, no. Would they be inching closer to the playoffs, yeah. And idk about anyone else but I need my team to be in the playoffs. It is killing me slowly.
ChargersFan4Life001::i really was thinking about deng also. not selfish, plays defense, can make jumpers.
blrmrthm::This supposed new Melo is a short lived entity.  Too much of a ball hog.  He doesn't make teams better.  Too much one on one which causes everyone else to stand around and watch.
ChargersFan4Life001::I dont think NY would give him up, but I wouldn't mind that if they can keep those 2 and maybe evans
ChargersFan4Life001::the only reason I'd do it is because melo is a better shooter, but id think the knicks would
dog_has_fleas::If they had to give up Evans i would deal with it. I mean honestly he doesn't have a true spot on the court. At least with Melo you could put backwards TI and Salmons in there with DMC and JT with T-Rob off the bench.
cheeksb32::I will give free picks for tom. if anyone needs them...........
dog_has_fleas::You know who I attribute this win to? Megan Beeson!
rhettfieldsted::who is she and what did she do?
dog_has_fleas::If you don't know, you are way behind the curve man.
ChargersFan4Life001::she def had an impact in this win
dog_has_fleas::At least you know
blrmrthm::Orlando had scoring droughts of 1,4,2,1,2 minutes in the 4th period.  That's basically 10 minutes without scoring a point.  Scored at 11:40 then 10:30 then 6:24 then 4:20 then 3:39 then 2:32 the :20  And they make millions per year to play this game.
blrmrthm::The year the bulls won 72 games Barkley basically said he wasn't overly impressed.  His reasoning, that there were only about 5-8 decent teams in the league and that the rest s.u.c.k.e.d  Today it is even worse.
cheeksb32::paying
cheeksb32::they r bad  people are pating wayyyy too much for these sad teams......to many teams some need to be cut.....too much money going to some players
Hawaiian Raiders::They will put on a show Stern said...meaning the NBA, never said teams will be very bad.
blrmrthm::Not much of a show.  If it weren't for SFTC, I wouldn't pay any attention to the nba.
cheeksb32::when teams get behind thats all they want to dooooo....just push the ball down cort fast and get their .. a,,,s,,,ss  back on D
blrmrthm::Personally I think the 3pt shot has slowing changed the game for the worse.
cheeksb32::get over themselves and get back to playing ball   BALL
blrmrthm::They have to get theirs you know.
cheeksb32::they act like such PRO's if you know what i mean
blrmrthm::I can believe it.  Just another reason I really don't like the nba very much.  Too many lousy teams and too many average players who just want to stand around and shoot 3pt sorts all night.    No movement and very little defense.
cheeksb32::it's sad people are paying the prices for tickets to see teams this sad
blrmrthm::It's sad in most sports - sp many poor teams.    When I was growing up I used to go to 60-70 Orioles games a year.  Now You couldn't get me to go unless you gave me tickets.
cheeksb32::lol they are too up and down.........they are sad........they said they wouldn't win 26 games this year............bad coaching
cheeksb32::I will give free picks for tom. if anyone needs them...........
cheeksb32::i Am the guru.....under 96 baby and i said 10 12 point  over orl......sorry missed it by one   4/5 tonight......................
fball8088::What starting line up do you guys want? I like; Tyreke, Jimmer, Garcia, Cousins, Robinson
surasosa::jimmer is one of the rare guys that actually passes the ball... do watch the kings much
dog_has_fleas::Jimmer passes the ball? I somehow missed that in the second half, where I did nothing but had my eyes glued to the TV. i remember an errant pass after he was falling out of bounds. Those aren't the passes I want to see.
dog_has_fleas::So two of those three guys only keep the ball to themselves, toss out jimmer, plug in someone else.
Daniel7900::Robinson has to give us a lot more games like that before he gets a starting spot over Jason Thompson. Also i don't even really think Garcia should be on our team anymore, but I am biased in that I really don't like him. He has never given us a full injury free season, and he is already past his prime.
Daniel7900::Salmons has been starting which for now is what I would like to see. James Jonhson is another player I tried to like, but he is a complete offensive liability. He is another one of the players who comes in and tries to take over the offense, but he is the only one of them who has no offensive talent.
ChargersFan4Life001::I think he has the potential to be the starter with cuz, but right now its JT you are right. I'm not a big fan of Garcia or Salmons, but until the kings get a full time starting SF they will be on this team(not sure if JJ is a starter)
fball8088::I can't disagree with that, but I don't know if salmons is much better
ChargersFan4Life001::I would like to see that one, but I dont really have a favorite lineup yet
LakersYolo::"Horry for the winnnnn..........LAKERSSSS"
Juwanna_Man13::LMAO....Kings only have one more loss than the Lakers. Careful Laker fan we might just have a rivalry this year after all.....for last place in the Pacific.
chris johnson 558::i am a jj redick fan but really jimmer outplayed him at both ends tonight
ryanhamlett1987::jj will bounce back. off night
LakersYolo::2002 Western Title Conference Game....  Great day
bighog129::Not even overrated. Everyone KNOWS they're terrible.
ChargersFan4Life001::overrated by bspn
ChargersFan4Life001::the dream team is 9-11, lol overrated
surasosa::jimmer 15 points on 5 for 7, 5 rebounds, and get this =`in the plus minus department +14 i want to see more fredette on the floor..... NOW SMART....
Daniel7900::I try so hard to like Marcus Thornton and I can't. He is a 1 on 1 player who is streaky at best. I just want to see some consistency and unselfish play from him.
Grantox::well i think jimmer and IT will get more time the next few games. brooks has been sucking, thornton is inconsistant
surasosa::THIS ISNT THE FIRST TIME HE HAS RST TIME HE HAS PUT UP THESE NUMBERS AND GONE RIGHT BACK TO THE PINE....
d-nyce-::What was the spread for this game?
bruins1112::Kings by 3 I believe
Ashotjan::Did Smart have an epiphany or he is just drunk?
Grantox::i think he is having a strokE!
GeorgeTownDC29::Jimmer vs Reddick Rivalry begins
ChargersFan4Life001::adv jimmer
ChargersFan4Life001::GG Magic, GL the rest of the way. Good job beating the lakers and dubs
fball8088::See what happens when smart plays team players
LakersYolo::Keep letting Jimmer pad his stats....Dumbasss Magic
Juwanna_Man13::Lakers have hit rock bottom when their fans have to come troll a sac kings board....thanks for the recognition though
Grantox::lol pad them? what ya got against jimmer
ChargersFan4Life001::lol @ dwight's ft shooting
ChargersFan4Life001::it was BS but im not gonna get into that.
LakersYolo::Still mad about 2002? lol
itsatrap123::Whoa even Smart is smiling.
Ashotjan::Jimmer is benched next game for sure.
Grantox::shocking what happens when a squad thats less selfish comes in!
CichlidMania::When is Smart going to get fired?.....before or after the all-star break?
ChargersFan4Life001::jimmer effect
redevelopmentguy::Damian Lillard &gt; Jimmer Fredette
Grantox::lol. im not saying jimmer is god. I am saying he has not had a chance to do anything,  jimmer can pass i have seen him make some great passes. he is a good player regardless. comparing him to lillard is hard because there has not been enough of anything to compare them.
Grantox::yeah lillard is awesome! but jimmer get like 8 mins a game and puts those stats up. thats pretty efficient he is top ten for efficency in the league! just sayiin you have not got tto see jimmer have a real shot at playing yet. lillard has. Im not doubting lillard rocks cause he does! he is absolutely amazing for a rookie and putting up veteran stats. Jimmer just has not had a shot and i wont say lillard is better for sure although im sure he will be more successful that jimmer
redevelopmentguy::Alright, alright, alright...I hear you Grantox.  Jimmer plays in the NBA for a reason.  He can shoot and score.  i still have my doubts on his playmaking abilites in the NBA, and certain defensive liabilites that he may have.  bu the guy can shoot, i will give him that.    I don't think Coach Smart has an agenda against him.  If he did, he would be a fool.  A coach is in the business of winning games.  I will be the first to admit that Jimmer has warranted more playing time.  But there are a lot of players on the Kings getting incosistent minutes.  Not just Jimmer.
bighog129::Jimmer would be worse given more minutes. He'd be exposed.
surasosa::redevelopment guy anything u say gets taken with a grain of salt.... ur more a hater of jimmer than a fan of anyone... i have only seen u post junk about fredette... pretty sure y..... but doing it when he's fresh off a stat line like tonight doesnt help ur case much.... jimmer not seeing the floor due r due to a hateful coach with an agenda doesnt equate to him sucking... especially when he's been top ten in points per min all year long
redevelopmentguy::It's all about a hateful coach with you clowns isn't it.  Yep,keep believing whatever propaganda you wish to beleive.  It won't change the fact that Jimmer has a very limited role in the NBA.  I think your boy EarlDean is much more harsh on Jimmer.
bighog129::That's cause all he can do is shoot. He can't defend. He can't rebound. He's below average at penetrating for a guard. He's not a good passer at all. Scoring is just about the least important stat in valuing a player.
bighog129::Haha dude. Lillard is putting up 19.3 points, 6.3 assists,  3.3 rebounds, 2.4 3s, 1.3 steals, while shooting 44% from the floor and 83% from the line. Jimmer on the other hand is putting up 6.3 points, 1.3 assists, 0.5 rebounds, 0.7 3s, 0.2 steals, shooting 46/90. Hmm...
redevelopmentguy::Great numbers bighog.  I hope for Grantox and surasosa's case they are not in any Fanatasy Basketball Leagues.  They would be taken to the cleaners with their ignorance.
Grantox::im not saying lillard is not better than fredette. just saying its hard to make that assumption when lillard has gotten  more time than fredette. and yea fred played along with lillard pretty dang good!
surasosa::NOPE JIMMER PUMMELED LILLARD IN THEIR HEAD TO HEAD MEETINGS........ SO THAT KORVER ANALOGY IS JUST A LAZY COMMENT BY A CAT WHO DOESNT KNOW BASKETBALL
redevelopmentguy::Head to head meetings in college?  Yeah, that really matters now.  Jimmer is the Steve Alford of this generation.  He'll be out of the NBA in four years.
bighog129::Wow. Insightful. That's like saying Durant is better than Kyle Korver
redevelopmentguy::Tell that to our Jimmer loving fanatic Grantox.
Hunt0123::Lillard is overrated
Grantox::how do you know ? lillard has more minutes in 20 games than jimmer has been allowed in 80 games
redevelopmentguy::The fact that you even question this completely shows what a damn idiot you are.  Nobody in their right mind would take Jimmer over Damian Lillard.  Except people like you that are obsessed with Jimmer.  Let's face it, you cannot objectively assess Jimmer.  Your ignorance is at ridiculouly high levels.
surasosa::it is so hard for me to root for cousins... he is so sour
ChargersFan4Life001::his attitude is improving
vocalz24k::he is getting better though, just young
vocalz24k::sweet getting some garbage time free throws baby fantasy!!
LakersYolo::Just end the game.....Fcck sake
bozeheadsteelers::2 points in last 3 and half. minutes you guys are any teams best defense!!!!
KennethUCF::Heh....at least we're not the Lakers.....
itsatrap123::Washington Wizards say this to themselves every night lol
ChargersFan4Life001::haha
LakersYolo::Yeah least we dont have those 16 rings....
Juwanna_Man13::You know Laker fans have nothing to grab onto when they reach for the 16 ring card....
KennethUCF::Enjoy Dwight Howard.  Dude is cancer.  You guys won't win another championship with him on your team.
ChargersFan4Life001::lol
ChargersFan4Life001::good to see Cuz able to come back in
Grantox::THATS NOT AN INJURY THATS A GANSTER LIMP
ChargersFan4Life001::lol
itsatrap123::Beat me to it. Glad to see him walking off the floor without any limp too.
LakersYolo::Jump ball? lol
Jake-Macauley::What happened to Tyreke Evans? I just picked him up in Fantasy cuz it said he was healthy... but he's not playing tonight?
bighog129::What are you? The fantasy police? Who cares if it's a 2-man league?
vocalz24k::6 man league a plethora of options..
Jake-Macauley::I'm in a league with only 5 other friends so we have alot of options. Found Anderson Varajao and Tim Duncan in free agency as well.
vocalz24k::lol what league has him in free agency..
Jake-Macauley::thanks
ChargersFan4Life001::hurt knee, might play tomorrow
neymar079::jj redick would be a star in litlle leauge , fu jj redick money eating biachhhhhhhhhhhhh
Cmoney6824::dam Orlando suck p en is
Koolmodee4500::16    18       30     14
csmeech::Ping pong balls are calling
vocalz24k::bill Walton commentary is hilariously awesome..
ryanhamlett1987::agreed
Daniel7900::My favorite part was when he said he wanted 12 inches from Demarcus Cousins.
bighog129::Seriously, slap yourself
thejrichshow1::HE GOT A POINT !!!!!!!!!!
UCF knights 21::Terrible loss.
bozeheadsteelers::Did you guys really use a timeout to call a play that had JJ shooting the ball?.
Grantox::WELL GOTTA FINALLY HAND IT TO SMART HE LET IT AND JIMMER FINISH THE GAME AND WIN IT FOR THEM
I BYU l::Its a "sign" FREE JIMMER
surasosa::second time jammer has played the whole fourth quater and the kings have won
ChargersFan4Life001::YES!
LakersYolo::Fouled out lol....Yeah go back to your crib fat baby.
bighog129::Over/Under: 11yrs old.  Takers?
redevelopmentguy::This might be T-Rob's best game of his young career.
ChargersFan4Life001::0pts yet but good game outside of that
redevelopmentguy::I know.  It's amazing how m,uch impact he's had.
