Coby brain::the new york knicks are the most over dramatic team in the nba  they win a few games at the start of the season and apparantly they are the best team in the league.  they won 1 playoff game in 10 years and celebrated like they won the championship.  they won a few games with jeremy lin and claimed he was a superstar.  knicks are overrated and over hype everything
THESHINING12::sike
apktexten::Why would he be mad... Mavs just beat the knicks a$$es without Dirk
YanksKnicksGiantsRangers::U mad bro
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Let the losing begin.
Jamaal 43::Once again, Melo gets into foul trouble in the third and that;s the difference in the ball game.  Knicks 8 Refs and the league 2 (8 - 2)
KentuckyAlum2012::Knicks are pretty good. I had my doubts about them, but who knows, they might be able to win 50 games this year. Maybe they should trade Amar'e, they're obviously doing just fine without him.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::No one is willing to pick up his over priced contract. From what I heard they already tested the waters.
nomana30::Knicks suck.....You got beat by team without their Star player.
EricDavis0822::Trade back Melo and JR Smith to Denver for Wilson Chandler, Mozgov, Gallo and Koufus.
YanksKnicksGiantsRangers::And miss the playoffs?? No thnx. Btw what r those guys doing these days? Don't worry.... I'll wait
SkinsCapsOsMavsTerps::Playing for the Nuggets....
Joey Schmoe::Jason Kidd's presence won't change the fact that the two main scorers on the Knicks - Anthony and JR Smith - are frontrunners who will begin whining and shagging it on D the instant the Knicks go through a losing streak or if they're not getting the ball enough to their satisfaction.  Same thing happens every year.  When Woodson was hired last year, the Knicks went on a tear and they looked like a born-again winner.  Then they went straight into the toilet.  The reason is that "leaders" like Melo don't have the mental strength to sustain a winning attitude over a full season.  They're front runners, laughing and clowning it up when winning, complaining and playing lazy D when losing.  The Knicks will never win a title with losers like this leading the way.
YanksKnicksGiantsRangers::And who are you to judge them like that? What do u know?
Ross0622::knicks will only get through one playoff series... if they are lucky...
DanNYC2816::still better than the sonics will do
OmniVersal::Why are Celtics fans here? Don't you have to go to a retirement home to get an autograph from the C's by chewing their Thanksgiving dinner today?
Victor6229::I guess the only way to beat the knicks is if the refs give you the game!  lol
YanksKnicksGiantsRangers::Grizz beat us straight up. But mavs got handed the game. If Melo gets that foul call for getting punched in the face then we win. So stop being ignorant
lo0o0ong::I did and you need to man up and take the loss instead of blaming refs every time your team loses.
E1RIS::You have jokes man...
Victor6229::watch the whole knicks memphis game and the last five mins of the knicks mavs game ..
Excelscior1::OJ Mayo Beastin!!
Excelscior1::Knicks will be 8-8 before you know it. Lol
YanksKnicksGiantsRangers::My friend is die hard mavs fan and he said they got handed the game. Ftw
FTOWN215::If the queen had balls she would be king
JeffSigmaChi::If not for a BS charge called against Melo, they'd be 9-1!
Aeiouy.com::Lol the carter call? U kid me
E1RIS::Right.. one call in a 114-111 game made the difference.
bradman0626::haha knicks still suck
JeffSigmaChi::Why is this troll "bradman" a chick? Some gender confusion there...
Jmet15::Lol #1 in the East, that's really not impressive.  Like being the best JV team in a Varsity tournament.
nba is the worst::Best is an opinion, 1st in the league is a fact.  If you judge a team using one game, what about the road win for the Knicks in San Antonio (Spurs have a better record than the Mavs, and only that 1 home loss to the Knicks so far)
Jmet15::I saw first hand last night that the Knicks are not the best team in the league.
nba is the worst::1st in the entire league - look it up
Jmet15::Yeah 1st in the east
nba is the worst::Nothing says "suck" quite like 1st place and on pace for the #1 seed.  (fail)
nba is the worst::heat fans seem to have a lot of trouble understanding what facts are, always talking about months from now or previous season(s) history.  There is no way to know which team will be the #1 seed. Since the Knicks have only 2 losses, they statistically have the best chance to finish #1 as of today, right?
Dj3garrett::"on pace for the #1 seed"  Uh, the season just started... That's like saying the Knicks were on pace to go undefeated 4 games ago (I bet you had said it cause you're that crazy)... We all that's not going to happen...
--LeTs gO MaVS--::Mavs 7-6 without Dirk!!!  In the 2011 Championship year Mavs were 2-7 without Dirk. Go Mavs!!!
Jmet15::Excellent point.  Im anxious to see a healthy Dirk play with these guys.  Dirk will be able to add 2 more dimensions to this team, 1 being he will stop opposing teams runs and 2 he will be able to close out the quarters.  Dirk proved in 2011 that he can close better then Kobe, Durant, James or Wade.  He just needs a decent cast around him.
Road dog Red::Hey Knick fans ... Darko is available
37stan08::must be tough being a boston fan. better go to the jets board man. youll have better luck there
nba is the worst::Only the celtics are dumb enough to sign him...
Road dog Red::or Staten Island
Baseline Move::You gave up 25 to Vince Carter?  Sheesh, maybe Miami should sign T-Mac and see how he does against the Knicks.
E1RIS::Vince has been playing in beast mode. Dem threes...
Road dog Red::wELLL.. theres always Brooklyn...lol
fredquero::and the red sox
MrRaider509::I guess the knick aint this all-star team everyone kept saying they were when they beat the spurs !!
JeffSigmaChi::Better record than your team, troll!
DanNYC2816::they aren't allowed to lose a game?
scottpilgrim33::Huge win for the Mavs. Especially against one of the top 3 teams in the East and without Dirk
Andrew bynums bowling shoes::Nicks suck again happy thanksgiving
Miami-Star1::The Knicks are Overrated!!
fredquero::yeah I hope next time he hit wade face
Clueless Heat Fan::no dout 1st round loss amare will stop them
Miami-Star1::Amare might Punch something else this year, LOL
jbuonaiu::I played against OJ in high school.  He was better than me.
MrRaider509::HAHAHA !! Should of got an autograph !!
oblique15::lol no shhh
Knicks4Life244::I think the Ref should be penalized for making the wrong calls just like flopping...
Knicks4Life244::did u watch the game i don't usually blame the ref but man they gave you the game....
Miami-Star1::If you don't watch the game, you can't assume anything, the Bucks are not good at drawing contact like the Heat, you really need to stop hating these great teams and be objective!
nba is the worst::ha ha, nothing funnier than heat fans defending the massive ref help.  Bucks had more points in the paint, and made 5 more FGs, son
Miami-Star1::And the Lakers had plus 18 from the line, the Heat and Lakers have more star players who drive to the rim!
Miami-Star1::You did not watch the Heat game, the Heat were attacking the lane all day while the Bucks were shooting Jumpshots
nba is the worst::That's ridiculous - there was ONE FT and ONE pf difference, silly!  Now compare to the heat's 21 extra chances at the ft line
Sini123::Stop blaming the refs. We all know that some days you get the elevator and others you get the shaft. However, I know you didn't expect the Knicks to win every game. Just own the lost and keep it moving.
Sini123::No team will win them all.
LedgendsContinue2012::It is so easy to shout "we are # 1", when you have four and five days to rest between games. When you have an old team back to back games can bite you in the butt.
JeffSigmaChi::Yeah, they were clearly blown out...
MavsRangersCowboysFIFA::Knicks are a good team  -No one
37stan08::Stupid Words  -You
scott.russell33::Enjoy the early wins now Knickerbocker fans......once Amare comes back this team is doomed.  He cannot play along side a superstar like Anthony, he's got too big of an ego.....they cannot co-exist and this team is gonna go down the crapper in a HUGE way.  I'm gonna enjoy it with a smile.  They don't deserve to win anyway.
scott.russell33::They cannot win with both of these guys.....trade Amare for some role players, keep Anthony as the top dog with Chandler the post presence and this team can beat the heat in a series..
Excelscior1::Trade Amare for what? You gotta blame him first with those bum knees.
scott.russell33::And pull your bottom lip over your head and swallow
JustinTimeHeHe::lol ^   Good one
CircleLimit4::You're a moron. If they can't play together it's because of spacing on the court with Chandler, not because of ego.
scott.russell33::Really?  We will see wont we.  I promise you this team is doomed.  If they stayed with this lineup they'd have a chance.  Anthony can carry this team a long way but when there is shoulda ire out there having to get his touches it's gonna hurt everything.....mainly chemistry, just you watch.
scott.russell33::Knicks suck and o I'm not a Heat fan, Heat suck too
scott.russell33::Dream on, you think he's gonna stand for that?  There is NO chance of that happening, this isn't hockey anyway.  They don't rotate 5 players at a time haha
JustinTimeHeHe::What areyu talking about? They would keep everything the same yet start amare off slow so he can get his confidence back. Its the best thing to do anyway, not just for the team but for him
JustinTimeHeHe::For you too enjoy that with a smile (if it happened which it wont) that says alot about who your team is you pathetic miserable hater. Punch yourself in the face for me
JustinTimeHeHe::Or he can play off the bench and give us the best 2nd rotation in the league. Ever think of that?
JustinTimeHeHe::My brothers gettin married today and the theme of the wedding is the revolutionary war. You have no idea what hes making us wear. His side of family wearing redcoats, his brides side bloue coats. And there riding up on a $@%!$@% horse!! So embarrasing
JustinTimeHeHe::Thats how i hafto spend my thanksgiving :( His wife is dressing up as pochahontas and i hafto watch all my uncles and aunts holding muskets.. Im the best man so i hafto run out with an olfd fashioned american flag screaming FREEDOM!!!
Dengue-Fever::sorry dude
JustinTimeHeHe::Thanks bro...
scott.russell33::Dallas needs dirk back badly and they need to get Kaman involved more offensively.  Crowder shooting bombs along with Vince isn't going to be a winning recipe.  Mayo is keeping this team alive single handed.  The Jazz should try to trade for him this year, they need a guy like him bad.  His numbers won't be the same once Dirk gets back, and he's not going to be happy with half the shots he's getting now.  Oh well who cares.
ernesto15341::He's half man half amazing
JustinTimeHeHe::Who?
--LeTs gO MaVS--::Vinsanity dumb222
Dengue-Fever::Go Heat!!!
CircleLimit4::^ Loneliest person on Thanksgiving.
JustinTimeHeHe::^
gemstar828::somehow i think the knicks will take this hard loss out on the rockets to become 9 - 2
JustinTimeHeHe::Its really Douglas' old team, not Lins. Lin was a factor for 2 weeks, Douglas was a member for 3 years
Dengue-Fever::Lin will have a career night
JustinTimeHeHe::lol my $@% he will. Douglas maybe, not lin
garnolfini::Knicks fans can take some comfort in the fact that if Dirk were alive, the Knicks would have lost this game anyway. It's time to end the talk of #1 seed in the EC and 65 wins. 45 wins is a realistic goal for this team, enough for the 4th seed in a weak conference.
scott.russell33::Once Amare comes back the Knicks will go down the toilet, he cannot co-exist with Carmello and the chemistry they have now will be gone, so will the winning record.
Dengue-Fever::Well my Heat had a back to back from playing the Clippers (which they lost) then traveled to Denver Nuggets which is much harder because high altitude ok??..and The Heat still won...sooo yeah...Excuses!!
CircleLimit4::Lol as opposed to the "charity" game excuse you guys used when you lost to the Knicks? That was the lowest of the low when it comes to excuses and embarrassing for an already monumentally embarrassing fanbase.
JustinTimeHeHe::I dont care about the loss, i dot got time to make excuses. The point is this ;loser is making us out to be a bad team because both games we lost were double headers lol, were only human.
JustinTimeHeHe::Dude your an idiot, every team who played a double header yesterday lost today. Its not easy. Plus were missing 2 starters too you dumb $@%!/ We beat them last year with Dirk playing. Your a hater period. This game we outscored them every quarter except the 3rd, they got lucky we had a double header
JustinTimeHeHe::Excuses my $@%, i said before the game that if we lose, its cuz of the double headers. We havent played 1 team yet who had a double header against us. Why do u think every team with the DH looked good first half, fell apart 2nd half?&gt; They get tirfed you dipchit, there is no exzcuse. They traveled from state tto state playing 2 games in 2 days. Its hard
chris23562::Why would a double header show its effects in only the 3rd quarter? At least go whine about the refs or something
Dengue-Fever::lmao...EXCUSES!!
garnolfini::Knicks gave up 65 points in the second half. They deserved to lose.
nba is the worst::Knicks on pace for 65 wins and the number 1 seed
nba is the worst::^Meaningless speculation.  Carry on!
69durango::55 is tops and would be good for a top 3 seed.  Amare is still the wild card.  It will be very interesting to see how that works out.
awardtx::You'll get the 6 seed at best.
gemstar828::mav's needed that victory and they played hard to get it...good job
RNYC::Bad loss but I love the never say die attitude.
CircleLimit4::Tough loss for my Knicks.  Melo got hammered on that drive and it should have been a foul. The charge call on Melo was questionable too. But can't entirely blame the refs on this one. Mavs were hot from downtown and Knicks gave them too much space. Knicks D wasn't there tonight like it had been all season and Mavs moved the ball nicely. Props to them for finding offense sans Dirk.
gemstar828::the knicks looked like they was going back to straight ...iso... plays..  i saw too much standing around and watching... no ball movement.  easy to fix.(tweek).. then take it out on houstion fri.  8-2  i'll take that
MudrunnerVA3::Knicks, you had the Mavs down by 9 at one point just to see the Mavs go up by 10. Just how did the refs help that? I prefer to watch the whole game, not just the last minute.
ulthumbei::I remember one game, I think it was maybe 12 or 13 years ago where the Knicks lost and then the strangest thing happened.  The fans admitted that they had lost fair and square and made no mention of foul play by the refs.
MudrunnerVA3::They lost because Melo tried to be the hero and took an ill-advised shot.
ulthumbei::No No! That's quite impossible.  He would never have done such a thing!  Not Melo!  Hadn't you heard?  He and JR Smith have turned over a new leaf this year.  They are exemplary team players now.  Didn't you know?
gemstar828::my knick's need to win by 10 each game.... so there can be no question who get the win. i was a hard game playing the...... mav's/ and the ref's @ the same time
MudrunnerVA3::It looks like you will be having a very rough time this NBA season.....heartache after heartache, Let it go.
ulthumbei::Unfortunately, I had no opportunity to see the game but I seem to be hearing that Carmelo and JR Smith are reverting to form.  Really,  I must say I'm shocked!  Who could have ever predicted such a thing?  I'm sure it must have all been the refs fault because so far the Knicks have never lost a game in which the refs didn't outright cheat them.
RNYC::8-2 buddy.
nba is the worst::seems unlikely
MudrunnerVA3::8-3 after Houston.
Bigg Katt 747::I'm a Mavs fan, and this is why despise NBA refs. They are easily the worse in all of sports. How do they not call a foul, when they're standing right there looking at it, when Melo clearly got hammered going to the basket with a few seconds left?
MudrunnerVA3::Keep in mind you have slow motion TV. I'd rather the refs let the players dictate the game. At best, one could have said Melo ran into the arm.
nba is the worst::Are you talking about the jumper? How is that "going to the basket"?  smh
gemstar828::ref's c ame off the bench for the mav's... helped them get the W
nba is the worst::1 foul difference.  Come on...
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::The Knicks won't make it past the first round FACT
RNYC::Celts Mavs redsox?  Aren't u late to the bandwagon for all 3 teams in your handle?
nba is the worst::Meaningless speculation is in no way a fact.  A true FACT is the Knicks are still in 1st place in the league at 8-2.
Treydey10::nba is the worst - Knicks have 3 new starters.  History is irrelevant.  (If you go by history being "bound to repeat", then the heat will get swept in the 1st round just like they did in 2007 after their 1st asterisk title)  You're at again I see....LOL
nba is the worst::Knicks have 3 new starters.  History is irrelevant.  (If you go by history being "bound to repeat", then the heat will get swept in the 1st round just like they did in 2007 after their 1st asterisk title)
thaddeusp12::you're right but there's many games to be played and history is bound to repeat itself with the knicks losing to the heat again
General Ned Ludd::Interesting that this articles references Mayo when his plus/minus number was actually -2.  People have been pretending he is worth something for years!
nba is the worst::As if that stat proves anything (imagine what it would be had he shot 45% FG).  Team stat, silly
Walter Foosball::So cute how this board is empty of trolls after our 8 wins, and after our 2  losses each time there was  a flood of them. Oh fairweather trolls.
chris23562::It's just different trolls...plenty of NY trolls come out after the 8 wins (they did in force in the first Knicks/Mavs matchup at least)
ToledoMan::Carmelo, AKA "The  Ball Stopper" is back to his old form with his usual ball stopping and 7 TOs.
nba is the worst::That last shot was "dumb iso ball force" exemplified.  So many players just don't get it
77cradle2grave::That 3rd quarter killed us :(
