David Merritt::Kemba Walker again outplays Irving, and the Bobcats win against Cleveland.  No surprise there.  The Cats are the better team.  At just about every position the Cats are quicker and more athletic.  Get used to losing to the Bobcats/Hornets.  Lot's more beatings to be dolled out.
Ryan Sems::Mike Brown will lead the Cavs to the promised land (IE: the land of Dairy Queen, after the game).
Sarah Rachel Harris::Win or lose, you guys are winners in my eyes. Blizzards for everyone!
Ryan Sems::Who is worse... Romeo Crennel in the NFL, or Mike Brown in the NBA?  Both nice guys who preach defense, but ultimately not good enough to even coach a pee wee league team
Cal Trause::Earl Clark had the hot hand.  I thought they would have fed him the ball more.  Were they double-teaming him after he went 6 of 7?
Cal Trause::Winless on the road, but unbeaten at home.  Hey!  We're on track for a 41-41 season.  Woo-hoo!!
Denise Johnson::Go Cavs! Gotta make it happen!!!
Ryan Sems::First comment.  Yay!!!
Tazmon L'vis Sims::10 games in and the wonderful fans of Cleveland are already jumping off the bandwagon...same way they did when Richardson was traded and in July when the Indians were swept by the Tigers....I'm saying maybe Cleveland teams don't stink, maybe the crappy bandwagon...the sky is falling all doom in gloom Fanbase are getting the sports teams they deserve.....10 games people new coach (2) new starters (5) new rotation players....but yes the season is over....Cleveland fans are not fans...just a bunch of Chicken Littles.....Go Cavs!!!!!!!!!!
Ryan Sems::"Bandwagon?  Bandwagon?  You're talking bandwagon?" - in best Jim Mora voice
Ryan Sems::Yeah, dufus.  That's why the Cavs had better overall home attendance last year than Miami... because of the "bandwagon" fans.  LOL.  Go follow another sport.  You're obviously clueless about the NBA.
Tazmon L'vis Sims::Ryan Sems   well you really put me in my place...you attach yourself to one of the multiple mini statements that I made and then disparage my knowledge of the particular sport...well done....well done indeed....this points to the issue that I have with so called fans of today sports...the argument (debate would mean you would have to be willing to listen to the other point of view in order to have a well thought out rebuttal) you make is similar to the one you would have with a 9 year old female child about her love of some boy-band...filled with name calling and the obligatory if you don't like we like then you should just go away.....if you would like to hear any of the actual historical moments in Cleveland sports history in which we ridiculed a player or caoch and tried to run them out of town only for them to find success and or Championships elsewhere......here we go....Ron Harper, Ernest Byner, Marty Schottenheimer, Joe Carter, Bill Belicheck, Charlie Manuel, Eric Wright, Art Modell, Bill Laimbeer, Eddie Jordan, Charles Oakley....and I will leave out ones whom money may have played an equal part (i.e: Albert Bell before the injury, C.C. Sabathia and Manny Ramirez)....my point is Cleveland fans show only (1) quality that would make someone a great.....Loyalty....in everything else they like the organizations they root for struggle......
Ryan Hastings::Fire Chris Grant.  Cavs could have had Kyrie, Klay Thompson, Andre Drummond, and some random player from last year's draft (like Anthony Bennett) that wouldn't matter with a trio like that.  Clearly, when you draft no offensive big man to team with your star PG with 3 other top 5 picks, you're not doing your job as a GM.  You're trying to prove that your scouts are better than everyone else's in the NBA.  Clearly, that strategy has backfired tremendously.
Ryan Hastings::This is probably the worst Cavs team we've had since the year right after LeBron left.  Not sure how Kyrie managed to take such a huge step back offensively with more playmakers around him.  Maybe he needs to worry less about his promotions and start using the summer to actually work on his game.  He can't hit a 3 to save his life and now the league is just playing off of him.  Until he puts in the necessary work in the offseason to get better as a player, this team is going nowhere.
Nolan Hughes::...so the worst team in the last three years?
Denniz Rodman::I think Ryan Hastings was saying it is the worst "CAVS" team...did not mean the worst in the NBA.
Nolan Hughes::Denniz Rodman Well yeah, exactly! The "worst Cavs team since the year after LeBron left" which would mean "...so the worst team in the last three years?" comment. That would be like me saying "This is the best Pistons team since 2009" which doesn't mean much b/c they haven't been even good since then. Just like how the Cavs have been below .500 each season since
Greg Lubowicz::The Cavs are playing like they want the first pick in next years draft too. The defense is OFFENSIVE and the offense is NONEXISTENT!!!!! Pretty sad team. Way to turn the fans away early on in the season so they won't be disappointed at the end of the season.
Kurt Davidson::you guys realize how good well be if we get to draft wiggins or parker? the draft is actually good this year there is nothing wrong with sucking this time.
Ryan Hastings::The problem is, they're not supposed to suck this bad.  Kyrie is actually supposed to make 3 pointers and not play this bad.  His team is actually better all around yet they score less than everyone in the league.  Top to bottom, starting with Chris Grant, this team needs change.  Start making trades because clearly this team isn't built to win.
Marcleen Bavogui::dont u think that it is pathetic with 2 1st overall picks and loading up on FA this summer.. and u are not goin to get parker or wiggins
Jim Kamlowsky::I kind of figured the Cavs would be bad as usual, but this team is beyond bad. Horrendous doesn't even begin to describe this team.
Corbin Wells::bocats bout to win the  1ng game vs the playoff contending cavs lol see you at the top of the drake Cleveland will be taking that playoff spot.
Michael Maiorano::Bynum couldn't make the game tonite...he's in a bowling league in Akron on friday nites.  He should be able to make the next game.
Jaron Boyet::Wow...I can't believe the Bobcats are above .500.   I believe the last time this happened the team mascot was an insect.
Nic Jennings::The coolest purple and teal insect ever
Jose Klatter::More like a larvae!
T.c. Brown::Well you obviously don't know what you are talking about because they were over .500 earlier this year, started last year 7-5, the year before started 1-0, and also entered the playoffs with a record over .500 2 years before that.
Ryan Hastings::Well, at least we'll get a top 6 pick next year and this time draft a real offensive threat.  This is pathetic....
Chad Wiggins::pathetic...... just pathetic.... punked at home by the freeking bobcats
Yak Djukanovic::Cleveland is deff playing for the #1 overall pick. No way they play this bad vs the bobcats...
Ryan Sems::With this great recruiting class that's coming out, I'm sure that Chris Grant will find a way to land the next Anthony Bennett.
T.c. Brown::Either the Cavs aren't as good as you expected them to be or you're still thinking this is the same Charlotte team from last year. Either way, you were wrong.
Justin Balogh::I thought the Cavs were gonna be good this year, finally. Guess not. So ticked off.
Erica Heard::It is still early!
Tazmon L'vis Sims::Must be the "Game of the Night".....(5) whole comments.......
Brodie Wray::we need to get rid of either jarrett jack or dion waiters there is too much ego goin on.
Yak Djukanovic::wow just keep chucking 3 after 3 after 3 smh... this cavs team is so bad.
Chad Wiggins::white guys dont get fouled in the nba..... zeller hammered
Kenny Lawrence::Look like they are in the running for Parker or Randle
