Homey D Clown::Hey, maybe the Lakers can substitute a player with a banner and pull this out!
bluuzman::During this losing streak, the Lakers have had as many or more turnovers than assists in each loss and that says it all.
Steven McCormick::I honestly don't see how the LAL lost this game.   However, for those who are hoping for a return of Phil to the LAL FOLD . . . forget it, I don't think Phil wants to come back into coaching.  I only wish he had written a playbook for subsequent coaches to follow --- because D'Antoni really needs some technical help.  The kick in the pants here is that Mike HAS THE PLAYERS to get the job done [if only he'd learn how to use them].
Homey D. Clown::I can't stand myself. I can't look in the mirror anymore.
will::Here is the truth!!! Lakers blow and aren't tanking, they are not losing on purpose so stop it with the obvious. 2nd Chris Paul this CP3 that, didn't you get like Nash, D12 that same season as substitutes, stop your sobbing. 3rd Lakers have been on the decline ever since they got slaughtered by OKC. They were still strong that year but Kobe decided to be well....hero ball Kobe and single handedly lost 2 playoff games vs OKC and it was all over afterward. I would love to have heard Scott Brooks in the locker room. 4th, Kobe has faked 'injuries' his whole career while flailing his arms and arguing every call and sure hes made a couple of game winners here and there, but his hero ball anti heroics and volume scoring keep him at a top 50....if that shooting guard. Now we have Harden and his flopping but thats a different story. So, laker fans, just dont bother, dont feed us, dont enrage us. US...the educated non Cally fans bc the typical kobe jersey wearing person looks like someone from Jersey Shore. We took enough of your #$%$ over the years with the bought games (vs Kings and many many more) so it's our time to kick you filthy cockroaches down the gutter.
Angel Of Truth::Why has this Buss Jr. destroyed this team? He had a championship caliber team 2 seasons ago and destroyed it D'Antoni has never been a winner and this garbage of shooting 37 three pointers will guarantee that he never does! This tiny team will never compete. They are a joke! All the players wanted Brian Shaw as the coach. These idiots brought in an old tried and died loser. If you don't have some bigs to block shots and rebound, you will not win. Period!  I will be a Staples only when the Clips play, until they get rid of D'Antoni!
Bob::With all the bricks and wacky turnovers, Swaggy is looking like the Mamba out there.
Chris K::Lakers are a dogshi* team with Bryant and without Bryant...and the only thing of significance now is that they're stuck with that huge contract on Bryant for the next 2 years . Money they could have used to improve the team, not sink deeper into the doldrums with .
creep::Hello folks. Got to love these crybaby types like this Will character below me. Folks that go on and on with the crying game. Oh, the games were rigged. Oh and Kobe flops to get calls. And oh I want to tell a lie now and say Kobe faked injuries. And oh, I want to be so dramatic. Oh oh, all the (s)hit we took from you over the years. Oh I'm so angry!!!! Oh you poor thing Will. the truth always hurts. Especially to the liars!!
Jim::Jim Buss was handed on a silver platter the best sports franchise in the U.S., a perennial championship caliber team, one of the most successful players in the history of the NBA, one of the most successful coaches in the history of sports, the most popular NBA team on this planet.  Anyone see a trend?
