Cyril::This kind of game will happen when you only have two halfway decent defenders on your entire team and not one wing player who would be starting on any other team.  You've got Jared Dudley averaging 2 rebounds and 1.5 assists and Jamal Crawford averaging 2 rebounds and 2.5 assists. You put those two together and they're not even matching the production of JORDAN Crawford by himself!    Then you've got Matt Barnes, who hustles but doesn't shoot consistently and can't stay out of trouble. Stephen Jackson is almost 36 and hasn't been useful in 3 or 4 years.  Oh, and then there's Willie Green.  How he managed to stay in the league this long is beyond me, because he does not have one solid skill to rely on.    I actually like Reggie Bullock, but he's not experienced enough to handle major playing time yet.   Outside of Chris Paul, there isn't a player on this team with a fully-developed skill set, and that makes them a team with many weaknesses that other teams can exploit.
Rodney::Let's not read too much into this Clippers loss.  Got to hand it to the Suns, they were ready to play and we were not.  Goran Dragic played lights out, and is a very underrated playmaker.  Then again its just one game, and the first of four between these two teams so ground can be made up.
Jim L::Suns are up 88-61 in the 4th?  I am going to the optometrist TOMORROW!!!
creep::I would have hated to be a Clipper player and facing the Doc after that horrendous display of basketball. They would have been better off not showing up at all. Maybe next game the entire group should call in sick! An upper respiratory infection outbreak or something. Any excuse will do.
creep::I see a Clipper losing streak on the horizon. Not a fact. Just a prediction.
Homey D Clown::Typical Rodney when he vanishes so does the other 99% of Crapper fans this is why he is the puppet master.
Ben™::Good... Now i get to watch some real LA basketball... Unlike last night when the other team got humiliated at staples
Blobby Dooley::Lets all get together and boogie down at a Clipper game guys, how about it? We can wear shirts spelling FUGLY.
Hair Club Dooley::I feel outstanding after eating a pound of candy.
Rodney::Buffalo butt below me.
