thenysport::test
Shawn1807::I find it typical that the under 500 Lakers have 2 starters in the all star game.
slam_dunk_on_u::Well, they are better than any of your spurts players for sure :)
ATLrepresent11::I was at the game last night, and it was so frustrating seeing the Hawks moments of being a great team. They should have won that game. They clearly had many opportunities to take over. But any time they would get it down to a 1 point deficit, they would lose all momentum and give it up. This team needs something to kick them in the butt. They have been slumping so badly. It sucks for us true fans who want to see some competitive ball.
Boris The Bullet Dodger......::Spurs will be this years NBA champions. BOOK IT. Clippers- overrated pretenders llike the houston Texans. Theyll never be close to the finals  Okc- well rounded team grizzlies- got lucky in OT. We will kill em in the playoffs.  Lakers- Not even gonna comment  Warriors- will never beat the dpurs  Heat: overrated nba champions losing to Washington
XxoverkilzlxX::As long as they are healthy, they have good chance. I would like to see them add another big man who can help Timmy on the boards. Splitter is inconsistent and Diaw can be out rebounded.
I hate Jerry Jones::Right on brother!
I hate Jerry Jones::ESPN's unbridled bias is nauseating.  First we have to deal with "The Heat check", then when this joke of a Lakers team manages to actually win a game we see headlines like, "Laker team fiding chemistry"......It's all about $$$ and the average NBA "fan" is 21-31 years old and plays XBOX 360 NBA2K13...where it's all about dunks and crossover dribbles...LOL...more
slam_dunk_on_u::make it 3 times...FLAGGED
I hate Jerry Jones::FREEEEEEEEDOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!
I hate Jerry Jones::^^ This post has been erased twice by the Mods
I hate Jerry Jones::ESPN's unbridled bias is nauseating.  First we have to deal with "The Heat check", then when this joke of a Lakers team manages to actually win a game we see headlines like, "Laker team fiding chemistry"......It's all about $$$ and the average NBA "fan" is 21-31 years old and plays XBOX 360 NBA2K13...where it's all about dunks and crossover dribbles...LOL...more  Ok, this post has been erased once...let's see if they do it again...LOL
I hate Jerry Jones::ESPN's unbridled bias is nauseating.  First we have to deal with "The Heat check", then when this joke of a Lakers team manages to actually win a game we see headlines like, "Laker team finding chemistry"......It's all about $$$ and the average NBA "fan" is 21-31 years old and plays XBOX 360 NBA2K13...where it's all about dunks and crossover dribbles...LOL..  PS-- i wonder if this account will be suspended for bad mouthing Almighty ESPN?  Who cares, I'll just make another...
nba is the worst::TD didn't play, lawsuit from an Atlanta owner?
SPEN206209::Atlanta fans too caught up with "Falcons Fever" to lament over Duncan not playing--but probably won't see Manu again on the Philips Arena floor. Plus, Hawks fans are fretting over their injuries--- AnthonyTolliver didn't play (bad back), Devin Harris sprained his ankle in the game, and Lou Williams' season is done (ACL).
XxoverkilzlxX::Yeah surprised Stern didn't step in and make him play.....oh wait it's not against a highly touted team.
SPURZWARZ1.0::Diamondbackssunssundevilcadinals is a troll who resembles "where's Waldo" on crack! He post his crybaby laiden retort on how he was screwed by the Spurs &amp; Refs in 07! Yet refuses to lament the fact that's he got screwed worse by GOD, with that face!
nba is the worst::I wonder how many years the guy will continue to post this shrine to butthurt comments...
No-account drifter::Wow, really interesting. Posts insulting these dudes in vulgar terms remain, but my post commenting simply on the strangeness of hating a high-integrity team like the spurs gets removed? Be interesting to see whether this one stays. So, the trolls hate it more when you call them on their game than when you insult them. Might note that for future reference - if this lasts long enough for you to see it.
No-account drifter::It takes a special kind of crazy to devotedly hate a team that uses intelligence, unselfishness, and class as the path to success. Gotta feel sorry for those dudes - after LYFAO, of course.
Complaint Dept.::LMFAO! Probably slamdunkonyou 's ugly @$$ twin!
mkwan0::It is difficult to predict post season play based on mid season performance.  Spurs are playing only 'ok' iChat now with regards to execution, and not getting enough from their reserve bugs.  Yet, they are still within a stones throw of first, and have played a tougher schedule than the first place team.  If the spurs improve to lay years level of execution, they will be the best team in the league
pastelpaul::Parker was awesome. Most underrated player in the league by far. Spurs are just a good team that plays good team ball no matter who is out there. If you like basketball, you should like the Spurs.
Boris The Bullet Dodger......::And out in the first or second round nothing new here -	slamdunkonyou    LOLOLOLOLOLOL! You wont even make the playoffs this year. I can book that! And you will dissapear from all the forums once THE San Antonio Spurs and Tim Duncan get their 5th ring this year
STEVE6163656::Tim Duncan -- DNP - OLD
No-account drifter::That was his own coach's joke. It can be an expression of respect, too. That's how I'd see it.
fallsoversteve::old and still owning. and winning. you mad?
Diamondbaks-Suns-Sun Devils-Cardinals::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After the tragedy of 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
XxoverkilzlxX::Like thy would have beat Utah in the next round...remember Mike D was the coach he = no Championships
SPURZWARZ1.0::Crybaby
Nerissa2525::I dont care lol
Tha Gleeps::We need to know this why?
No-account drifter::because it's part of what makes his "Spurs suck" posts so damned funny.
mksatx::Wow. Let's  pray that you find something else to fixate on.  Yeah the spurs never got screwed by bad calls or whatever.   Yep one play in one series one year one game.   Whew. If u think of anything else. Pls keep it to yourself.  Thanks
jptamahome::your stupid get over it.
howdytharrr::i kind of love you now
MijoMartinez::Spurs rolling more than a bad Limp Bizkit song... and the Lakers, well you guys just stand there and look pretty, geez at least stand there.   But don't let the numbers fool you, the great Spurs struggled greatly against these fearsome Hawks, but any real sports fan just counts the wins/losses.
SPEN206209::Spurs were in control nearly all of the first half (building up double digit leads twice and ending half up by 10). Hawks did take the lead late in 3rd qtr, but Spurs got the lead back and kept Hawks at an arm's distance away much of the 4th qtr.
pimpn5707::Spurs cruising right along,under the radar,and,AS USUAL,getting no respect. It's all good,though. They are STILL the Class of the NBA.
sport medic::Atlanta played without Lou Williams (full-game) and Devin Harris was injured in the forth quarter.  Spurs played without Duncan and Manu for the entire game and yet the headlines states the Spurs defeated a short handed Atlanta team.  Seems to me it was the Spurs that was the more shorthanded of the two.  Typical four-letter network.    I guess Stern will fine Pop $166,667 for having two-thirds of his big three sitting out.
I hate Jerry Jones::ESPN's unbridled bias is nauseating.  First we have to deal with "The Heat check", then when this joke of a Lakers team manages to actually win a game we see headlines like, "Laker team fiding chemistry"......It's all about $$$ and the average NBA "fan" is 21-31 years old and plays XBOX 360 NBA2K13...where it's all about dunks and crossover dribbles...LOL
mksatx::stan musial and earl weaver rip.  Two all time greats
Grindhouse2413::Griz win in OT against Bulls. Dam you ATL for not getting a win against the Spurs. Good win SAS
Ughhh.i.hope.hornets.win::<a><b><u>I just wanna fu.ck the hawks for losing +3.5 jerks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</u></b></a>
mksatx::Spurs shoot half as many ft as hawks. Commit  Half as many turnovers though. Without manu and duncan they still grind out another win on the road.  32-11.  That's not anything but a damm good basketball team.  Long way to go still.  Go spurs
BlueSh1rt::Spurs look exactly like they did last year. Third best team in the West but getting no better.
No-account drifter::So how is it a bad thing that a team with no All-star starters the last 2 years has taken the #1 seed - without really trying to do that - two years running and currently has the league's 3rd-best record with its 2nd toughest SOS? People are very schizoid about the Spurs - knock them for having less talent, then knock them for not being the champs. At least make up your minds, Spurs haters - fabulously talented and underachieving or generally successful overachievers?
manoocena::so who was the 2nd best team in the west? the Clippers that the Spurs swept? lol oh yeah and I guess they Spurs did go out in the 1st or 2nd round. No wait! they won 10 playoff games in a row? I'm not sure if you and I live in the same universe but w/e makes you feel better :D
sport medic::Strange thing to say after a game the Spurs won on the road while Duncan and Manu rested.
mksatx::Kawhi leonard is a starter now  great defender and rebounder   tony p is usual great.  Tim d usuall great.  Splitter starts now and is really doing well.  Our bench is better.  Spurs went to wc finals last yr.  I expect they will at least go that far if everyone is healthy then.  They're not the same
slam_dunk_on_u::And out in the first or second round nothing new here
slam_dunk_on_u::And out in the first or second round nothing new here
sport medic::That sound like your LA Lickers.  Only this year a first round loss would be a victory.
biger_deeds::im tokin a fattie for my spurs
howdytharrr::puff puff pass!
slam_dunk_on_u::Wow the Phillips Arena looked empty for the spurts game.....I guess they don't attract people if it was the Lakers that arena would have been rocking!
mksatx::Yeah the crowd would of been loud and atl would have won if it was the lakers in town.
Nerissa2525::Lakers plays give the ball to Kobe and rest just stand around and watch! Yeah Lakers are fun to watch!
biger_deeds::they should have you in the circus dumbo
Nerissa2525::Yay Lakers so so much fun to watch these days
slam_dunk_on_u::Wow the Phillips Arena looked empty for the spurts game.....I guess they don't attract people if it was the Lakers that arena would have Been rocking!
mksatx::So memphis wins in ot.  Damm bulls had chances and just looked  desperate and outta control when they had the ball.  Oh yeah slampunks hawks couldn't  beat spurs in atl even with duncan sitting.   Well give atl a pass but u sir slamdoofus are an idiot
machine260292::Fine them! haha
incredibeau::Haha, the spurs official twitter handle has matt bonner's name stared out because they forgot to type the second n
JTM157::This 2013 Spurs team is killing everyone. They could probably beat the 2012 USA Olympic Team.
BlueSh1rt::Spurs look exactly like they did last year. Third best team in the West but getting no better.
FSoccer::Why didn't pancake face dress out tonight?
mksatx::Can the bulls beat memphis in ot?
Hobosrule01::Hey Israel Gutierrez,  Parker is a default all star?  Look at his numbers again, plus he is best shooting guard by fg percentage in the NBA......  give him his due and get off the lakers nuts!
FrankPisFACTio211::Israel Gutierrez LITERALLY only watches the Heat and Laker$. She knows NOTHING about basketball.
I hate Jerry Jones::That hack is a perfect example of biased media....she has no business being employed as a sports writer...but then again thats the world we live in
howdytharrr::agreed! I hate that guy
bigjoe93ATLANTA::What an awful day, capped off with a Hawks loss. Perfect. Could the Falcons be drawing all the good luck/Karma from the Hawks?
I hate Jerry Jones::i hope your falcons beat the 49'ers...I fervently despise San fran
slam_dunk_on_u::So the Hawks get a free pass because their Injuries are legit but the spurts resting the tin man for  the hell of it does not warrant an excuse shame on the horrid spurts....
mksatx::Nobody gets a pass.  Every team plays 82 games. As usuall you were wrong saying the spurs would lose. Before timmy was dnp.  And everyone knew atl was shorthanded.  your the only idiot that picked atl to win.  What made u think that?  U don't think u just spew nonsense...
grovetwin::Do you have a point in your senseless rambling?
slam_dunk_on_u::So the Hawks get a free pass because their Injuries are legit but the spurts resting the tin man for the hell of it does not warrant an excuse shame on the horrid spurts....
Nerissa2525::LOl this guy likes his own post so pathetic!
Vaquero In The House::What's your excuse for having gigantic ears Dumbo?  Plus a chitty @zz grin.....
PhillyPhanInSoCal::Every year people write off the Spurs and say they're "old," but are silent when they're at the top of the standings. lol  Gotta respect what the Spurs are doing.
Monte Irvin::the Spurs are awesome, they truly deserve respect.  It's been.. what.. 15 years since my beloved W's won in San Antonio.  ESPN is all about  flashy big stat stars (or any team from NY), and so they're gonna lauding the Heat and Clips, and it's too bad.
rparks2361::Well the Knicks have swept them so what do you expect?.
slam_dunk_on_u::ThEy choke in playoffss tthat's why nobody takes them seriously
grovetwin::slam_dunk_on_u - ThEy choke in playoffss tthat's why nobody takes them seriously  Oh... they haven't won any Championships then...?
slam_dunk_on_u::ThEy choke in playoffss tthat's why nobody takes them seriously
Nerissa2525::slam_dunk_on_u - ThEy choke in playoffss tthat's why nobody takes them seriously  lol
LeBron James Goat 234::LOL short-handed Hawks? The Spurs played without Duncan and Ginoboli and still won on the road! Stupid ESPN
zdunn1785::Funny a heat fan says that but i rmb when the spurs bench almost beat them lol. At least we played agaisnt tony parker whom was close to being the mvp last year. You all didnt play any of the spurs starters an the heat has super stars correct? the hawks don't and lou is the 6th man so hes was much more needed than duncan and ginobili. An don't forget greg is a great coach compared to larry.
Monte Irvin::oh..and the Spurs announcers have to be the worst homers in the NBA.
Monte Irvin::I think they're using the AP for the article.  Make sure you address your complaints to them.
Monte Irvin::they do that when the W's win too, say how short handed the other team is and then say something like "curry missed the game, too"
Monte Irvin::<sup>testing</sup>testing<sub>testing</sub><b>testing</b><i>testing</i><u>testing</u>
mksatx::D-
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Good
slam_dunk_on_u::Pathetic a$$ spurts beat the short-handed Hawks...and barely!!!
Nerissa2525::Can you explain pathetic? NO manu no TD still won the game ?
Nerissa2525::Hahahaha
RespectThaGame::'slam_dunk_on_u' is more obsessed with hate for the Spurs than he is with love for his own team.
Vaquero In The House::He's a Licker fan.....
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Well that's just too bad, hate in any form consumes you and forces you to make erratic and silly/stupid decisions mentally, physically and etc. etc.   Seek help slam_dunk_on_u
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Both teams playing without several key guys so that doesn`t apply here. It was all about Parker making the more key plays in the 4th.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Loved everything but the result, the effort and desire on the extra effort plays were great. Already took a big blow with losing Lou....hopefully Devin quickly comes back. Continue to fight like that and we will be fine. gg Spurs and Let's go Falcons!
texican_10::Dont worry atl the dirty birds are gona win tommoro
texican_10::Good game vato locos
Vaquero In The House::Orale.....
mksatx::oh and doofus aka lamepunk on who... that said bet the house .. atl would win.?   Allways good for a laugh even though your posts are repetitive and juvenile.
No-account drifter::His mom will be so pissed about her house.
mksatx::Good team effort.  Nice to see spurs maintain composure and game plan.  Tony and everybody picking up for duncan and manu.    On to philly.   Good time for blair and bonner and decolo to get back in and get a lot of minutes.  Hawks just not enough guys to keep up.   Long way to go.  Go spurs
jdrum5000::Win Win Timmy got rest and Spurs get a win
colaroaster::time to get a deal for smoov
BRAY5150::34 points at half that's bad but since Memphis has a terrible offense Chicago still has a chance
I hate Jerry Jones::Tony Parker = the best pg to ever play the game.
Nerissa2525::Actually hawks are lucky TP's jumpshooting is off today
I hate Jerry Jones::i left out the word "French"
Nerissa2525::Tony Parker carried the Spurs today without TD and Manu
gt1master_ike::TP9 continues to carry my fantasy team
I hate Jerry Jones::hey Ike!  (Spurmike)
