Alan Ogg::well where did all the "lechoke" guys go? i was waiting for it lol
Patrick Slater::In ur mom
Andrew Farrell::He does choke. Wow one gay doesn't mean he'll hit every game winner. Member the air ball vs the bulls?
John Keros::The Bulls??  The team LeBron's eliminated 3X ??
Alan Ogg::its funny how its 'only a game' when the heat win, but GOD FORBID they lost... the 'haters' would be all over here.  Heat THREEpeat.
Justin Porter::LeGOAT LeWitness LeRINGS  BOW TO THE KING!!
Brad Willam Bundshuh::Lebron reminding everybody that yes he is clutch.
Eric Brown::Of course. He plays in a league with no other clutch players besides on his team.
Seryozha Mzenga::Eric Brown I kindly ask you to please stop talking. If you're not going to add anything positive or good to this conversation, just leave.
Bryce Morgan::oh look! Lebron makes another game winner
Keith Haemmerle::Against Orlando...how does the best player of all time get 16 down to Orlando? What will Miami do against a good team when they finally have to play one?
Bryce Morgan::Keith Haemmerle win. Like the last two years.
Bryce Morgan::Keith Haemmerle and didnt they beat Orlando last time by 30, without wade and Bosh/Lebron playing around 3 quarters....you cant judge a team on one game moron
Julie Price::LeBron gonna get a triple double tonight
Yoonki Ethan Park::I'm amazed to see an Ohio resident rooting for Lebron.
Julie Price::Yoonki Ethan Park  Why? He made a career decision.
Yoonki Ethan Park::Julie Price Just cus... It's like seeing a unicorn. It's very rare.
Leland Wong::Let me just say this, Lebron is the GOAT. The man plays BB the way it should be played.
Jorge Bouza::The King with another clutch, game winning shot. Heat3Peat.
Eric Brown::I hope the Heat 8 Peat. Cool watching 29 teams full of garbage try to beat the Heat in a 7 game series.
Brandon Tigues::uh oh..wade's looking like himself again..the heat haters don't want that!
Julie Price::lol I read a comment earlier saying Oladipo>Wade...everybody is a comedian.
Brandon Tigues::Julie Price  lol@oladipo..yes 12 ppg on 36 percent shooting and 4.4 turnovers..these heat haters are beyond lame
Allen Greene::Everybody wants to see The Heat fail its laughable.
Donn Deal::Am a Miami HEAT fan i miss Mike Miller
Julie Price::Seems like Miami has won more than 6 straight games. Winning streaks take forever to increase and Losing streaks pile up fast lol
Eric Brown::You get to play Orlando, Atlanta, Charlotte & Washington 16 times a year total. 16 easy wins.
Leland Wong::The King needs help from Wade and Bosh where have they been all season. Beasly has been a great help.
Damian Daniel::Wade is rest and bosh is playing his roll defense and rebounds scoring when need have you looked at our roster we can easily play 12 or 13 deep on any giving night U.D , J.J , R. Mason & G Oden still haven't played quailty minutes for us just be patient it's a long season.
Leland Wong::If Beasly stays clean and follow LBJ's example he will be great one day. He is only something like 23 or 24. He was the 2nd overall pick in the NBA several years ago, the man is 6'10" and his athelicticism is similar to LBJ . He is shooting over 50% and PER almost 24.
Colin Uza::Lebron, 22 points on 13 shots  + 9 reb and 7 assists, and hits the game winner.  Smart efficient basketball. Didn't hog the ball and took less shots, as he saw that Wade was on fire tonight.
Jody George Prats::Heat 103  Magic 91  Too easy for the King
Eric Brown::Just like every game this season. Even easier now that Derrick Rose may be out for the season. Again.
Brandon Tigues::Eric Brown you're an terrible troll
Steve Ungar::Riley 3:16. For Wade so loved the Heat, that he brought his two sons down, and got them to talk LeBron and Bosh into joining for a great cause. Whosoever believeth in the Threepeat shall be happy, and all others will be haters for life.
Goku Koeck::You know being a Bandwagon fan has gotten too far when you start comparing Wade to God.
Leland Wong::The Heat were fortunate to win tonight, James had only three points at half-time.
Leland Wong::LBJ, much better career FG % than KoMe and much fourth quarter FG% than KpMe.
Jody George Prats::Another MVP season. Ho Hum.
Jody George Prats::LeClutch!
Leland Wong::The Heat are on a roll, no stopping them now. Beasly is showing up big time.
Justin Jenkins::Heat are playing scrub teams....don't get too excited.
Jose Klatter::Justin Jenkins You must be a Pacers fan. I bet you are just looking in the mirror right? The only over .500 the Pacer faced they lost. The lost miserably. Lets see what they can do against the Blazers, or Spurs, or event the Heat okay? Don't get too excited with your team.
Allen Greene::Yeah man The Pacers has had a cake walk of a schedule so far.
Leland Wong::They added Beasly, he has been a great help, his PER is over 23 which is excellent. Shane, he is useless. Yes it is mostly the Big One not Three. Glad to have Beasly helping out.
Leland Wong::Hear it from me again, LBJ is the GOAT. He plays the game the way it should be played.
Patrick Holmes::Well lebron did wat he needed 2 do 2 win a win is a win guys stop hatin.
Julie Price::Wade looking great when he plays after extra days off.
Allen Greene::Yeah he looked good.
