1547anthony::Its plan as day the suns players dont want to play for a unexperienced so called coach hunter ,hunter is talking  like hes the future coach of the suns,the suns r worser with him then gentry, lance blanks is a idiot for not giving the job to  elston turner,i hope sarver is seeing this,beasley sucks ,marshall sucks ,gortat sucks ,dudley sucks,scolas gud days r behind him. those r players that need to b gone in the off season,and please get rid of hunter... u suck hunter .,.........
LilVdog88::Ernie Grunfeld has to bring Webster back, Webster said he would love to come back too, Pay the man Ernie!
ksmit111::I'm so glad the wizards finally found a first rounder (webster) who could come to washington and show their wherewithal.. been a long time coming
WatergateSwag III::No one who matters cared about this game
Booty Loaf_::??
Constantinius III::John Wall called himself a "max level player" in a Grantland interview a week ago, and I was like "that's $@%!$@% ridiculous." After he's come back from the injury, he seems so in proving mine and everyone's doubts wrong though... props to him.
bradyandjrich::Lol yea, he has been amazing the last few games. If only the Wiz had him from day one this season...
Barrk_40::Wizards have really turned themselves around.
blakjak1298::Oh yah we lost well done team!
AZDbacksAZ::haha wizards we lost which is better in the long run!
TheGameTrentV22::I agree this team is a playoff team next year. Keep the team together and add a piece or two and Washington will be strong.
1337atul::what is funny is im a wizards fan who agrees with you. but im not super sold on this years draft either way. i think the wizards are a playoff team if fully health next year in the east (7-8 seed?)
bradyandjrich::Reasonable considering how they have played with Wall healthy. Winning record, right?
ravenisthebest7::At getting a high draft pick and drafting a guard, like Curry or McLemore...which we don't need.
MTorres727@gmail.com::Washinghton has proven to be underrated.They're just 1 star away from being contenders.
Chester0128::contenders or pretenders???LOL
1337atul::dummy
Chester0128::Year after year Wizards play great at the end of the regular season....look like a promise team to begin the next season......Again and again when the season start....Wizards just loose 10 games in a rows, win 2 games then loose 18 in a rows........Just don't have a clue with this team....
1337atul::hey, Idiot, the reason you don't have a clue is because the wiz were missing wall, nene, booker in some combination for a large portion of the season.  Now the wizards are fully healthy (Beal back tn) and you see the resutls.
taayox::I dont know why but I have a feeling this team is different. If we can have all the same guys back healthy to start the year or at least the key guys in Nene, Wall, Beal, we shouldn't have a bad start to the season next year.
SFEST13::There's probably something wrong when you let the Wizards score 127 points on you.
GeorgeTownDC29::Good thing about this draft is no overseas players projected that high. So no chance Ernie gets a hard on for another european flop
1337atul::rudy gobert maybe?
dutchjugs perth::You would hope he has learnt his lesson.. Really think they need to just keep doing it tough and build around wall and beal
dutchjugs perth::Wall, beal, just need to build around those two.  That's the only option of getting where wizards need to be!!
ravenisthebest7::Wall and Beal are the only 1st round draft picks in the past 8 years getting any minutes on the Wizards. Can't keep having crap drafts.
1337atul::no. a lot of former wiz do well when they leave here. theres something toxic about the wizards for some reason man
ravenisthebest7::So aside from Wall and Beal, not ONE of those players (Maybe McGee) turned into ANYTHING.  If anything, all we draft is character issue egotistical guys and european busts. Literally every single damn draft has some European who never turns into ANYTHING.
Real Deal Beal::Blatche had his moments I guess. He's doing alright for the Nets. Obviously, he was only playing for the money and didn't really love the game that much.
taayox::Ernie Grunfeld did his best Spurs FO impression in finding Martell Webster. But the Wizardsly thing to do would be to not Re-sign him.  This better not happen.
ravenisthebest7::Yes, even the Spurs do draft busts...just not at the frequency of the Wizards.   Since 2002, Wizards have drafted:  2002: 11th overall: Jared Jeffries, 17th overall: Juan Dixon, 38th overall: Rod Grizzard, 39th overall: Juan Carlos Navarro  2003: 10th overall: Jarvis Hayes, 38th overall: Steve Blake  2004: 5th overall: Devin Harris, 32nd overall: Peter John Ramos  2005: 49th overall: Andray Blatche  2006: 18th overall: Oleksiy Pecherov, 48th overall: Vladimir Veremeenko  2007: 16th overall: Nick Young, 47th overall: Dominic McGuire  2008: 18th overall: Javale McGee, 47th overall: Bill Walker  2009: 32nd overall: Jermaine Taylor  2010: 1st overall: John Wall, 30th overall: Lazar Hayward, 35th overall: Nemanja Bjelica  2011: 6th overall: Jan Vesely, 18th overall: Chris Singleton, 34th overall: Shelvin Mack  2012: 3rd overall: Bradley Beal, 32nd overall: Tomas Satoransky
taayox::Hey, I got no arguments against the point that we can do better in the FO and I have many times pushed for change on the Wizards board. EG has made a couple of good moves of late though. Drafting is definitely not his forte.
KLOE416::The one thing this draft is pretty good for is nice young centers, maybe the wizards can snag one and develop them
dutchjugs perth::You can have dj.. Only 24 in a young team with wall beal, got your 1,2 and. 5 right there with nene and Webster. Great young pieces
dutchjugs perth::What do you wizards fans think of the Ariza for butler trade that nearly went down only to be stiped last day by sterling
dutchjugs perth::So not sure Washington front office agreed tho.. They were annoyed sterling  stopped the trade
taayox::Most hated the idea and I agree. Ariza is certainly overpaid but he is a great asset especially for his defense, Every playoff team needs guys like him.
Real Deal Beal::He's also been shooting the three pretty well as of late.
dutchjugs perth::Clips were the ones who pulled out tho interestingly
Real Deal Beal::Honestly, at this stage in Caron's career, Ariza is a better player. Trevor has played very well as of late.
Real Deal Beal::dutchjugs perth - Totally agree!! Least he plays d  Extremely good D. Coach Witt says he's hands down the best defensive player on the team, which includes Emeka and Temple.
dutchjugs perth::Totally agree!! Least he plays d
KLOE416::Too bad the Raptors didn't pick Vesely, Valanciunas would look really good in a Wizards jersey right now.
GeorgeTownDC29::Valanciunas was drafted ahead of Vesely
KLOE416::haha alright then lol
GeorgeTownDC29::halfway but not really haha
KLOE416::did you not read the original post?
taayox::I want a new GM  so I am not defending Grunfeld. But, even the Spurs draft "busts"
KLOE416::yeah Spurs are going to clean up this draft. Apparently they're still really high on Cory Joeseph
Real Deal Beal::they also find like every gem there is. I mean even Patty Mills is damn good...Ginobili was a 58th pick and Scola was a 52nd pick. Splitter a late second rounder as well.
ravenisthebest7::Where was he drafted again? Like 6th? Supposed to be a great pick based on his amazing athletic ability? What a waste.
KLOE416::Yeah, Gay sent them a few years back, same with Bargnani.
Real Deal Beal::KLOE416 - 6th :(  Valanciunas was picked 5th and he looks like the real deal, good big man that can run the floor with Wall  If only the Raptors didn't have an overpaid chucker now (Rudy Gay), they might be decent in a year or two.
KLOE416::6th :(  Valanciunas was picked 5th and he looks like the real deal, good big man that can run the floor with Wall
Real Deal Beal:::)
ravenisthebest7::I remember Okafor killing us with the Bobcats, back in the days of Butler/Jamison/Arenas
dutchjugs perth::I reckon clips would be a major contender if we had okafor instead of Dj
dutchjugs perth::^ agree.  Dj has potential but potential only takes you so far. Okafor knows his limits and is solid as
GeorgeTownDC29::wanna trade?
Real Deal Beal::I honestly think it would be better to resign Emeka for 6 or 7m than continue to pay DJ 11m per year
dutchjugs perth::In a heartbeat!! dj is too hit and miss.. Prob is clips need a backup other than turief or hollins haha
Real Deal Beal::Okafor is pretty damn underrated
Real Deal Beal::GeorgeTownDC29 - that contract though..  yes but it's almost up.
GeorgeTownDC29::that contract though..
KLOE416::Marshall just doesn't look like an NBA player, sorry Suns fans
d butler16::Damn 127
Damn It Jim::Finally a good brand of basketball around here. The Kids looked great out there tonight.
GeorgeTownDC29::2nd round pick I want to draft Mcderrmot from Creighton. we need a good stretch four/ scorer off the bench
Real Deal Beal::As long as Ernie is our GM, you can bet on him stashing a euro who sucks in the second round.
taayox::Why does Webster not have a new contract by now? Freaking Wizards are going let him test Free Agency?
Poor Oregon::I'm kinda worried Ernie will end up drafting Plumlee
GeorgeTownDC29::lets hope not haha. but I could see him doing that
Real Deal Beal::oh god...
GeorgeTownDC29::Good game Suns hope you get Mclemore
arizonasting13::Thanks man. GL to G-Town in the tourney. Hope my Wildcats can make a run.
GeorgeTownDC29::yeah man I think both are locks for at least the sweet 16 if not elite 8
Poor Oregon::I played the lottery machine and it has the Wizards taking Cody Zeller at 9th. I would be fine at picking him that late.
GeorgeTownDC29::I wouldn't he is way too soft. honestly I rather have alex lin or olynyk over him
GeorgeTownDC29::he is in the 10-15 range from projections ive seen.
Poor Oregon::Olynyk isn't even projected in Ford's lottery
Real Deal Beal::I hope Alex stays another year for his sake. Terps will be real good and Len will be a lock for a top 5 pick.
ravenisthebest7::I wouldn't draft him in any round.
Real Deal Beal::That way we can have another white stiff to go along with Vesely :)
Real Deal Beal::PartTimeHomer - Could just say stiff, but I agree.  well, this way my imagery is more vivid.
PartTimeHomer::Could just say stiff, but I agree.
Poor Oregon::Why didn't the Wizards pick that guy from Florida? Parsons?
uoffdave::Parsons really didn't improve his scoring form junior year to sophomore year so it made him drop. But he's certainly a 2nd round gem.
Damn It Jim::The kids in San Antonio and Denver would have been better too.
GeorgeTownDC29::hindsight's a beautiful thing
arizonasting13::No one knew he'd be this great, he went in the 2nd round.
ravenisthebest7::Okafor 14 mil Nene 13 mil Ariza 7 mil  Jan 4 mil  Amnesty one of those, or release and resign for a lesser contract. Let Booker (1.4 mil) walk, same with Collins (1.2 mil) and Barbosa (1.2 mil). Trade/release Seraphin. A lot of money there.
GeorgeTownDC29::amnesty one of the bigs and I think we got barbosa and collins because they were expiring
dutchjugs perth::Okafor is solid.. You get what you pay for.. No nonsense player
pico2013::John Wall MVP MVP MVP
Poor Oregon::What's the point of picking Vesely 6th overall when he sucks and I am better?
DX_Hoo::Yeah well, here's a question for you: Is your girlfriend hotter than his?
pico2013::hes gonna be better than peja stojakovic
Orange6O2::Wonderful performance, Suns. Wonderful.
arizonasting13::Right on pace for that 3rd pick
melvin887::Wizards win baby
Poor Oregon::I wouldn't touch John Wall with a max
ravenisthebest7::Let's see what happens next year, if he was a DRose breakout type of year...but I tend to agree right now.
ravenisthebest7::I just want Jan to dunk ONCE in a game.
Real Deal Beal::Jan can fly. No denying that.
Minnysota Vikings::Why didn't Webster do this with the Wolves?
arizonasting13::Who do you guys think would be the best fit in the draft for PHX? I'd like to hear it from people that aren't Suns fans.
Real Deal Beal::what do they need the most?
arizonasting13::Someone that can score
Poor Oregon::John Wall aint that good. He's more of a high school player
Real Deal Beal::uh...what? lol
PartTimeHomer::I'm chalking it up to trolling/sarcasm.
MADTVCRAZY69::John Wall really wants that Max Contract.
arizonasting13::if you have even the slightest bit of all star type talent you'll get a max deal. Teams love overpaying in Free Agency
ravenisthebest7::I really hope he doesnt get it this year.
ravenisthebest7::I think that is what is the deciding factor, he can't be hurt or have these nagging injuries anymore.
Real Deal Beal::one more year. hopefully he can play a full season next year.
Poor Oregon::Not much defense going on by either team this quarter lol
PartTimeHomer::The Wizards are one of the best defensive teams in the league, though. The Suns haven't played D for like a decade, though.
PartTimeHomer::arizonasting13 - Yeah, but the Suns offense was so good they didn't need to play defense. Which is why they won 60 games a year.  Don't get me wrong, I wasn't trying to talk trash. Just conversation, lol.
arizonasting13::Yeah, but the Suns offense was so good they didn't need to play defense. Which is why they won 60 games a year.
arizonasting13::*this season
Poor Oregon::I hope Grunfeld is fired at the end of the season
jsl03::Michael Beasely = Elite
jsl03::I didn't say at what by the way
Poor Oregon::Eli = Elite
dutchjugs perth::Lost 5% of my betting bank roll on the under.. Anyone like any other plays on other games?
standonstop::I don't watch blowouts.  bye
joe 1138 2056::especially when one pathetic team is blowing out another pathetic team.
LilVdog88::Let me help Grunfeld out since he doesnt think clearly too often: Re-sign Webster!!
ravenisthebest7::I'll put up a pool to have a hitman hired to ensure Grunfeld isn't drafting.
LilVdog88::Yeah the guy is terrible
robpinpa::Best I've seen the Bullets look in years.
Damn It Jim::I hate injuries. Damn!
