Skylander14::Great win for the Wolves and by win I mean moving up in the lottery.
FuzzySchWartzZ::I was hoping for the same results in New Orleans too.
Get your foot off the boat::On one hand I'm like "Good...getting into more solid lottery position..."  On the other hand, I'm like "For the love of god, people.  It's the freakin' Kings..."  Damn.
SAC9ers916::That's a funny way to look at things considering the Kings have a better record than the Wolves.
thuddy34::And yet another year goes by and the Minnesota sports fan is beside him(her)self in guilt for even believing that the Vikings or the Timberwolves had a chance. Don't bother rooting for the Twins either.  It is never going to be our year.
tbousu::Up to 7th worst! We need more loses like this boys! We're coming for you Ben!  Only 2 games from 3rd worst.
thuddy34::We wouldn't land a number one pick. That lottery is bogus.
Constantinius III::Sooo...what's up with cat avatars and being a Wolves fan on these boards, lol?
FuzzySchWartzZ::coincidence
jeremylinbetonharvardgames::hey.havent won a game since the hornets debacale
Och08shite::BetonharvardexceptwhentheyplayARIZONAdebaclegetsmashedJ-Lincancometootheystilllose
charliharper::How many spectators were at the Sleep Train Arena? Guess just the player's wives and parents.
gw687::At this point you would really be putting money towards them paying city and property taxes they haven't been able to pay for 2 years.  So really you would be paying the city of Sacramento.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::U go ahead and put $$ in the Ma-goofs pocket, I know I'm not gunna pay those p.o.s.
Minnysota Vikings::Hey MinniWolves90, notice how Pek once again had a big 1st quarter and then disappeared the rest of the game? I just don't get why he always does that.
MinniWolves90::It happens almost every game man. I don't know if it's his stamina (or lack thereof), or the defense keying in on him more (because we have no outside shooters), or it's just the guys getting away from the game plan. I've noticed it all year too. We need to FEED PEK all game!!
crooked ernie::cuz they r tanking the season.
MinniWolves90::Wow. DC goes for the game tying 3?! Wtf All in all it was a good effort in the comeback though. We just couldn't stop Tyreke down the stretch.
Pickle_m0nster::Wolves weren't trying to win son they want those lottery ball$$$
MinniWolves90::No. They're competitors, son.
animosity35::Wolves are a joke
DrakoFan1::I don't think a team in the NBA this year has had as many people on the Ir as they have had. I think they did a great job winning this many
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Cut a little slack their dub/dub monster is out
decke149::CHASE
MetsxlxNLxlxChampsxlx2013::a thug, a mormon, and a bunch of youngsters... i bet you could hear cotton drop in the locker room, this team has nothing in common with one another
Long0637::Watch out tomorrow ppl some $@%! bout to go down hard tomorrow
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Damn Big Cuz is a special player. My favorite guy in the NBA that doesn't play for us. Super talented, super physical and always has his teammates back on the court despite all the BS about how he is a bad teammate. He is the next great centre I think once he really gets his head on straight which I believe he is doing. He is a throwback player to the 90's and 80's
SAC9ers916::Cuz is the most skilled big man in the league. Anyone that watches him regularly would agree. But he also needs some help figuring out how to act like an adult, stop getting techs all the time and committing stupid fouls.  @ Drake, no Cuz didn't get into it with the play byplay guy. He went up to Grant Napear and said "now you'll have something to talk about on your show tomorrow, right?"  You need to realize that ESPN plays favorites and half the time go off what other new outlets say. They don't investigate or interview Cuz themselves. No doubt thought that he has an anger issue that he needs to deal with. He's a young hothead and hopefully he'll grow out of it, and still be a SACRAMENTO King next year.   Napear has been unhappy with how Cuz has been acting this season and makes no attempt to hide it.
DrakoFan1::He is a very talented player that is for sure, but his anger will cost him and did in the draft if i remember right.
DrakoFan1::Thats not the way they should play. I understand protecting your teammate, but keeping him out of the stands would be better don't u think. And didn't he just get into it a little with the play by play guy the other night?
DrakoFan1::No, but the guy is a little crazy. Unless the media lies about the things that he does?
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Obviously they lie. He has gotten in trouble with the team for being a head case in the past and it was dealt with but ESPN etc will make sure it follows him forever. Much like Rodman etc. His teammates all say they love him and watch his demeaner on the court, anyone bumps someone he is right there ready to man up on the guy. Hard to not love a teammate like that. And I believe Big Cuz would do anything for his teammates including going into the crowd
DrakoFan1::That kids a head case for the ages. Your right million dollar game 2cent head.
DrakoFan1::You smoke a lot of crack?
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::No. Do you post nonsense on peoples comments looking for reactions? YES
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Cousins is almost identical to Albert Belle.
Long0637::You know there is a reason why sports players get paid millions. It is bcause they get paid from people betting
MetsxlxNLxlxChampsxlx2013::sometimes i wonder how much cousins truly loves basketball... he looks miserable when playing and seems to hate every aspect of the game expect the physical play... i once loved his game and praised him all the time but now i sorta despise him
DrakoFan1::They have a good team on paper i think. The players aren't good leaders and DC is a poor locker room person i bet.
madmikeymike::He plays for the kings of course he hates basketball
DrakoFan1::And he's never fouled anyone this year at all.
DrakoFan1::Why did D Cousins bump Pek at the end of the game what a baby.  It was a good game i think. The Wolves will get better once they get their best player player back. Maybe not this year, but next. Then other players can play the right spots.
SAC9ers916::I saw that too, and as a King and Cuz fan that looked bad. He turned around and didn't realize thats what Pek was doing though, but i don't blame you for thinking he was being a punk. But if you read the article and Cuz's quote he praised Pek for being a good and strong player. That's the best compliment a player can give another.
MinniWolves90::It was a punk move. Typical Cousins.
DrakoFan1::Ya Peks a big guy and boxes during the season to keep in shape.
DrakoFan1::No he cried all game and then at the end of the game Pek wanted to shake his hand and he more or less pushed him away. Thats being a baby and a poor sport.
Sir Mittens the ninth::he was lucky Pek didn't care, otherwise Cousins would have been knocked out cold.
Damn ESPN::wouldn't it only make him a baby if he lost?
golfstud19::Wolves do not look like a well coached team.  You don't make stupid unnecessary passes, waste open looks to drive into a double team and leave a really big guy loose at the rim at the end of a close game. Not if you're a well coached team you don't.
stylesac7::yaaaa...ain't too many better then adelman. Probably find another reason
Long0637::Look at the change in the moneyline and you see why all sports are like WWE haha
Long0637::If moneyline change evenly then take the points. Will work 80% of the time. Bank on it
golfstud19::Your only hope is that somebody is fixing it your way too.
MetsxlxNLxlxChampsxlx2013::im thinking tomorrow will be all favorites, but then again i could be wrong
MetsxlxNLxlxChampsxlx2013::easy money, take the dog because the favorites wont keep their starters in so its virtually an even game for 6 innings
Damn ESPN::that's pretty cool
Damn ESPN::you bet on spring training?
MetsxlxNLxlxChampsxlx2013::rubio cant score but at least dont get trapped for the final shot, thats a bad sign
Will Conroy.::Go Harvard!!!!
Damn ESPN::I haven't ever seen 5.3% from 3 in my life
Minnysota Vikings::Nuggets went 0-23 from three earlier this year
Damn ESPN::damn
Long0637::Yea Vegas. No pulling stupid stun sac. Vegas only let you win by 3. That goes for the wolves too. Haha
Bhens87::You know things are bad when you lose to Sacramento.  Above all Dante Cunningham is the one who attempts the tying 3.
MetsxlxNLxlxChampsxlx2013::there was a ton of money to be made on dogs today,   blue jays, indians, blazers, nuggets, and wolves... love these kinds of days... night all
23germany::just beautiful to see a prof basketball team let dante cunningham (1-20 career 3pt) have it at the buzzer
wunderrr::Rubio with the nice feed for the good draftpick
Damn ESPN::he was praying for 10 dimes
23germany::if rubio is your starting PG you lock yourself down pretty good
wunderrr::immer nur am rummotzen herr klugscheisser
madmikeymike::LOCK DOWN DEFENSE LOL BY THE KINGS LOL YOUR FUNNY
codythegoat::lockdown defense at the end
madmikeymike::Timverwolves= Dleague team
Shelton2622::Tell the timberwolves that open threes are contested lay-ups. We make contested shots.
Shelton2622::That's when we are open, we shoot much better when contested.
Minnysota Vikings::actually we have the 2nd lowest FG% at the rim in the NBA
rwong0430::Cole Aldrich with the highest +/- again. What else is new?
Sportsfan4life0003::FREEALDRICH
Sir Mittens the ninth::Holy S@#@- The Wolves had 23 more attempts then the kings and only made one more.
madmikeymike::$@%!$@% TIMBERWOLVES !$@%!$@ DLEAGUE
madmikeymike::$@%! YOU TIMBERWOLVES
wunderrr::what happened?
madmikeymike::$@%!$@% PATHETIC !$@%! SHOOT 3 POINTERS ARE YOUR TRAINING SESSIONS
Shelton2622::They barely schedule any practices.
madmikeymike::How do Wolves lose that game ?
19cardiac83pack::WHAT WAS SMART CRYING ABOUT AT THE END.......
Sportsfan4life0003::GG wolves fans, GL the rest of the year. Meow Meow
wunderrr::gl to you too meow
madmikeymike::1-19 three point shooting $@%! timberwolves you call yourselves a NBA team really?
19cardiac83pack::DID ANYONE SEE COUSINS SHOVE PEK AND ACT LIKE A COMPLETE A** HOLE OR HIMSELF, WHICHEVER U WANT TO CALL IT.....
MetsxlxNLxlxChampsxlx2013::and that my friends caps off a 5-0 day for me... wolves +7.5
Long0637::Yea love to be on Vegas side.
19cardiac83pack::SHUT UP, I STUNK IT UP :-( JK CONGRATS...
wunderrr::easy $$$$ my friend have a nice day $$$$$
Damn ESPN::solid
Damn ESPN::if rubio doesn't raise his fg % an extra 10% give or take a few, he won't ever be elite.
codythegoat::Ball game.
mnsportswopwopwahhhh::Harvard?  Lame
Minnysota Vikings::what the hell was that?
wunderrr::good one Dante
Sir Mittens the ninth::haahha, My god who let him take the last shot.
wunderrr::guess Ricky wants a nice draft too, great feed haha
Aaron.Rob::hahahaha
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Rubio for 3 r u kidding me, just hand the Kings the win lol
MNsportsfan77::Yea they gotta be tanking for a better chance at a better draft pick.
MNsportsfan77::Ha of course Rubio makes the 3 that doesn't count.
dlhouse18::17 more games to lose.
crig521::Kings fans, has Tyreke been playing SF this year?
