ATLrepresent11::Nice job Houston. Definitely surprised me with an 11 point win.
texasrocks123456::I think in this lockout shortened schedule we will see home teams dominate over the course of the season. Think about it Atlanta played New jersey to start the season beat them by 40, come back the next night for consecutive homegames, played the Nets again and won in a tough game and then had to hit the road that night for Houston on new years eve. I don't expect but maybe 3 or 4 teams to have a winning road record it will be too much for any team to handle even the Heat will take a couple of nights off this season. It's kind of interesting though with the lockout shortened season because I've never remembered an NBA where the regular season has meaning to it. 66 games and now only 62 left. Basically 20 games into a full season. I like it better this way it makes the NBA more interesting.
falconfan5895::jeff teague and al horford those my peeps but joe and josh they are jus role players trying to be superstars all joe johnson do is dribble and how come josh smith been in the league for how long now and you still cant shoot dribble nothing what do we still have these guys for i see y the owners sued each other bonehead decision we traded crawford evans and a 1st rounder for kurt heinrich you gotta be killing me all that for just him but you expect this from the hawks  i mean wat team trades dominique wilkins for danny manning total fail that was the hawks year that year
bebopdebs::tracy mcgrady 4everrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
spurscowboys1312::MUCH RESPECTS TO ROCKETS' WIN (ALL BOUT TEXAS) very glad y'all didn't get that softy pau
Captphilpart3::Looks like the Atlanta Spirit Group is starting the 2012 right on track.....Lift the hopes of Hawks fans then in the end when everything is tallied don't deliver
ATLien4ever::you should find a new hobby
Captphilpart3::You attempt to mock me yet support a group of liars, how odd.
bozy640BoeyHarrisCoogeeLion12::LouisNY, I were so disorganized. And I keep losing $$$.  I kept losing my bets until I found a site called sports betting solution. The best way to keep your winning is just follow their picks. No matter it is favorite or underdog !! Just follow them 100%. I used to win $ from their bets and then lost them all to other games I picked. Now I just bet their bets.  They backed lots of home team vs a b2b team and had lots of success recently !
PresleyCutchTabata::the Nets will trade Deron Williams to the Rockets
MissBikini::And then there were 3.
thenbaisback20::no one is going undefeated
spurscowboys1312::be crazy if someone did
thenbaisback20::What are the odds the Magic take a Horford, Teague, Marvin package for Dwight and Turkey?
spurscowboys1312::i like horford and that's it.
Facebookthesportsbettingguy::Atlanta is too black for howard, and no that's not sarcasm
Bala88::Marvin has a 30 PER at the moment
MissBikini::Throw in a draft pick and maybe.
thenbaisback20::he is best friends with Josh Smith
spurscowboys1312::send josh smith to the spurs
jerry0892::no way dwight stays in atlanta
thenbaisback20::Josh Smith is on a short string right now.  He keeps this up, and we will trade his a$$ for a center.
YouBLEWWIt::Who's available?
thenbaisback20::Maybe the Rockets will take Josh for Dalembert.
deathstar310::McGrady is back?
SpyroDash::God damn Atlanta fans. We lose one damn game and all the "fans" want to jump off the ship. Did you know that the '96 Bulls lost to an expansion team? We're not going to win them all.  That being said, FFS Josh, drive to the damn basket!!
T.Y.U::I'm not jumping ship yet they played fine just got extremely frustrated at the lack of no calls going for them I could see it. Put it this way if Joe Johnson get's a T there is something seriously wrong lol.
YouBLEWWIt::Most Improved Player: Kyle Lowry?
weshroyer::Lowry has always been underrated.   He was good when the Grizzlies let him go, they just wanted to go with Connely instead.
natskivna::Started the second half of last year actually.
natskivna::Just home from the game.  The block by Lowry was incredible.
ATLien4ever::wish you would have thrown a cup at Josh Smith
natskivna::lol
Seven13Hou::damn i thought the Hawks were going to win since they won 3 in a row ! and Rockets were gonna be tired cause of the back to back to back games but once again the Rockets fight hard
ATLien4ever::OutlawJosey must have spent a night in an Atlanta jail or something.
acbasurto::Good game. Hawks kept making a run but Kevin Martin got in one of his hot streaks and he is hard to stop once he starts hitting it.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Tired? These $@%!$@% don't get tired. Hadn't Houston played the previous 2 nights? lol  The hawks don't deserve respect. Their a sorry sack of $@%! of a franchise.
acbasurto::LOL! ok. Whatever floats your boat. My team is the Rockets.
outlawjoseywhales1981::lol. good game.
acbasurto::Being respectful. They made a few runs. They looked a bit tired or something. Might see that a lot in this lockout shortened season.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Good game? The Hawks mostly got smashed. They were down the whole game.
Rocketsfan001::Were Tmac and horford the only people on the hawks that wanted the win? Start tmac!
noahheath12::I wouldn't shoot down the team on one loss. There's still a whole season to play. Let's see how we do against Miami and Chicago. We're still 3-1. I want better management of minutes from Larry Drew though. Pargo and Green should NOT have played that long.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Those guys stink man. That's why nobody else wanted them. Pargo and Radman probably wouldn't be in the league this year if the Hawks hadn't signed them.
ATLien4ever::he's on a new team and is still learning the system, same thing for Radmon and T-Mac, as well as Pargo
outlawjoseywhales1981::You got all of these guys in the cheapo bin for a reason. They're not any good.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Crawford averaged 14PPG last year and Tmac is averaging under 10 coming into tonight. Try again. Tmac is not a legit player anymore. That's why none of the championship teams wanted him and that's why he signed for the league min on a team that has no shot at a title.  Willie Green. lol.  Looking at those productive numbers he is giving you so far this year. Whoa! 4PPG.
ATLien4ever::and we have Kirk still getting ready, he should be running point for the bench when things really matter
ATLien4ever::Willie Green was a good pick up, T Mac for 1.4 is a steal on any team in the NBA.  Zaza is a very capable back up center.  You don't know basketball
outlawjoseywhales1981::One of the better benches? like who?   You don't have $@%!? Tmac sucks now. Stackhouse is 50 years old and Radman sucks. Where is this great bench? You have no legit big men off the bench and nobody that is a consistent scoring threat off the bench. Good bench. lol
ATLien4ever::Atlanta has one of the better benches in the league, just ask around to some people that know the game.  Horford has been voted to the all star game by the other coaches in the league the last 2 seasons.  Teague is exactly what a real PG is, his only problem is being undersized. Tmac is scoring about 2 points per game less than Crawford did last season....come harder than that...
outlawjoseywhales1981::They've had the same basic team for 7 years and haven't accomplished anything in the playoffs. Bright future. lol.
outlawjoseywhales1981::I know the hawks aren't getting outside of the 2nd round. I know Al has a very predictable offensive game and has little impact on the boards. Not really that good. I know Teague is not a real PG. I know Joe is past his prime. I know your ownership is a joke. I know you have no bench. I know you have no sixth man. You replaced your sixth man with old broken down Tmac. I know those things.
ATLien4ever::you know nothing about basketball
outlawjoseywhales1981::Horford is a role player and nothing more.
acbasurto::They have a bright future with Horford and a few pieces other teams would want in trades if they need to move anyone. Already a playoff type team.
outlawjoseywhales1981::We know Miami can make the finals... We know the Hawks max out and mediocre seasons and get out of the first round if they're playing a bad team. Orlando screwed up their team and so the Hawks were able to beat them... But then, they did what they've done many of times. Lose in the 2nd round.
outlawjoseywhales1981::SA is old and over the hill.
noahheath12::Exactly which team do you go for? Clearly you have some ridiculous disdain for the Hawks but you haven't mention any teams that should be relevant. Yes, we lost one game to a Houston team that is pretty good. Let's be clear, even the likes of Miami has struggled against teams like the Timberwolves and the Bobcats. They needed game winners. I'm okay with a loss that WAS NOT a blow out. We still have 62 more games to play this season. We'll see how this season will go.
thenbaisback20::sure they are
ATLien4ever::because you play the same game every night, the same shots fall and the same plays work night in night out.  and Scola is an mediocre foreigner.  This guy is wild
outlawjoseywhales1981::Your 3 wins was against NJ and Washington. Atlanta can't even hang with Houston so you know you have no shot at battling  Miami and Chicago.
thenbaisback20::with all due respect, the Rockets smashed the Spurs this past week.  So, lets not act like Houston isnt a good team.
outlawjoseywhales1981::When was the last time the Hawks made out out of the second round? I don't think they have done it since being in Atlanta.
CosmoKramer1444::Outlaw did your mom drop you on your head or something?
outlawjoseywhales1981::The only teams in the east that matter is Miami, Chicago, Boston and maybe NY because of the hype. The rest of the east is trash.
ATLien4ever::There are many teams worse off than Atlanta in the NBA.  We are a top 5 team in our conference for the last 4 seasons.  The Hornets are an embarrassment.  The hawks are a team that just hasn't been able to catch many breaks.  I dont see why you dog them for it
outlawjoseywhales1981::I bet you Chris Paul would pick the Clippers over the Hawks if he had to choose also.
outlawjoseywhales1981::-The playoff guarantee -Your poor drafting choices -Terrible attendance -Lack of relevance in the league  When you're hometown guys don't want to play for you that shows you have a problem.  Oh, we can't forget ownership either and their embarrassing legal battles in inability to sell the team.
ATLien4ever::So because Dwight might want to choose Brooklyn or LA or Dallas over the place he grew up they are a stain.  I thought you'd come harder than that
outlawjoseywhales1981::My beef? The Hawks are an embarrassment to the league. Even the hometown guys doesn't want to play for your team. Heck, Josh Smith is probably looking to get out. Doesn't that tell you that they have no business being around? They're a stain on the league.
peetlepie::Nique vs. Bird in the 88 eastern conference finals was a classic
thenbaisback20::that was the conf semis, but the closest Atlanta has come to the conf finals.
ATLien4ever::whats your beef with Atlanta outlaw
thenbaisback20::no, we havent, but we havent exactly had any superstar talent outside of dominique wilkins.  the st louis hawks won the nba title though.
peetlepie::When is Kirk going to play?
ATLien4ever::3 more weeks or so..
noahheath12::it'll be at least a month. He's still recovering from surgery.
thenbaisback20::If Dwight will just say he will only sign an extension in Atlanta, I would be ecstatic.
Facebookthesportsbettingguy::If only he would have already said which teams he'd sign an extension with.....oh wait he has
utexasfan1::Good job Rockets
ImAllIn0824::this was a pick 'em at tip off. i knew houston would play tough at home and i balked. damit!!!! easy cash gone, took OKC at home instead
Facebookthesportsbettingguy::well then you lost. Way to go
ATLien4ever::I think this is the last season for this Hawks team, I see Atlanta moving away from Joe and Josh and signing good shooters to play at all the positions, thats what Drew loves and shooters love Drew.
thenbaisback20::is outlawjosewales a Magic fan? if so, Hawks 4 Magic 2.
MagicBoltzRays::Magic 4 - Hawks 0
thenbaisback20::Trade Joe and Al for Dwight and Turk.  Then sign Nash in the summer.
jsh.wht1::the hawks need a real leader...not joe johnson
bebopdebs::t mac is a leader
ATLien4ever::I wouldn't let Teague walk away
jsh.wht1::when i say start over i mean get rid of their core group of players. horford may be the only one worth keeping and joe johnson's contract is too big. i'll never understand why josh wants to shoot 20 foot jumpers instead of attacking the rim...he should be up blake griffin numbers
ATLien4ever::they played tough with Chicago last season to game 6 in the second round.  but they should start over?  I think they should cut Joe and let Josh walk, but they have their leader in Horford
jsh.wht1::well if that's the case they just need to start over. they've had the same team for a while and it's always an early exit in the playoffs
ATLien4ever::Horford is the leader
thenbaisback20::Trade Josh for Kaman.
thenbaisback20::maybe, maybe not
ATLien4ever::i hope that was for laughs
jairushawkins::2-1 through this 3 game stretch
Michael Bibby::Trade Josh for Tebow
outlawjoseywhales1981::Can't even beat a lousy untalented Rockets team. WOW  And you guys think you have a shot at Miami or Chicago in the playoffs? lol  Oh, and it was Houston's 3rd game in a row and they still blew ATL out of the water. Sorry, but you can't play Washington and NJ ever night.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Teague can't defend. Williams scored on him at will.
outlawjoseywhales1981::The Hawks are a joke. Even Howard who is from ATL doesn't want to play for the Hawks. Nobody does. Besides Tmac who obviously got rejected by LA, Miami, Chicago and Boston. The Hawks are cheap. They didn't even keep Crawford.
longhornbush::What does it take to be a "real" all star? Are some of them fake...?
outlawjoseywhales1981::Scola is not even a real all star.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Hey... Houston can say they've won a title in the last 50 years.
longhornbush::Stats wont show the truth on Scola Not that the stats are bad Furthermore the Rockets win on effort not talent year end and year out.  Not a lot of games but around or above .500
outlawjoseywhales1981::Houston won a whole 43 games last year.  Oh wait... The Hawks only won 44.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Some mediocre foreigner.
ATLien4ever::Scola is an international star fool you shouldn't talk about a sport if you don't know anything about it
outlawjoseywhales1981::Scola? lmao.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Who does the Rockets have? Kevin Martin is their best player for god sakes. Kevin Martin.
JulioJonesBrother::It's funny how hard you try :/
openminded43::Lowry, Scola, they have some good players!!!
JulioJonesBrother::This guy trolled us SO hard last year. He really is a piece of work.
openminded43::I liked McHale on NBATV!!! He did a great job!!!
TXJstar23::Untalented Rockets team? Sure.
Michael Bibby::I cry that the Pizza guy didn't buy our team.
thenbaisback20::We needed to get Samuel Dalembert to be our center.  GOOD JOB ASG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
JulioJonesBrother::SCREW THE ASG!!
Michael Bibby::lol like they care
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::The real season began tonight, Jersey and Washington were scrimmages. As I said earlier this week, Houston is a pretty tough out for anyone so I'm not sweating this loss but still a bit disappointed. The Heat and Bulls on the road next, what a way to bring in the new year.  Happy New Year!!!
Michael Bibby::I just want this year to be over so we can amnesty Joe and trade Josh, while starting the rebuilding process around Teague and Horford.  I'm tired of seeing the same thing over and over again.
ATLien4ever::Julio this isn't the first game or playoff series for that matter that Josh has lost for us.  Im tired of it I dont care how talented you are if you won't buy in and play within the system you have got to go!  Its that simple
openminded43::Sorry...... HORFORD will have to GO in the trade!!!
JulioJonesBrother::We lost one game to a good team, why are you talking about breaking the team up?  Josh had a bad game. We'll be fine.
NguyenDragon::I didnt realize people outside of Houston considers Rockets a good team...
Michael Bibby::When you see the same thing for 6 years, it gets to the point where one loss can show you what the rest of the season is in store for.
ATLien4ever::#D12ATL
ATLien4ever::only if he would sign for more than this season
Michael Bibby::I'm sure he would. Playing in his home town with an all star in Horford and a budding Teague.
thenbaisback20::trade joe and josh for dwight lol
NguyenDragon::Magic might listen if Hawks made that offer...
Michael Bibby::I'd do it in a heartbeat
TXJstar23::18 assists from Lowry? Watch out Rajon Rondo!!
HollaIfYaHEMI::Kyle Lowry is an All-Star
kimpler time::He has a chance to make it as a back up if he keeps playing well, he'll never be voted a starter because the fans vote on that, but there is a very good chance the coaches could select him as a back up.
TXJstar23::The Rockets are viewed as underachieving overachievers ....as weird as that sounds.
jairushawkins::it made me so mad when Aaron Brooks didnt make it .
TXJstar23::Yeah unless they make the playoffs and have some major publicity like the Grizz. last year I doubt that will happen. Damn Shame.
openminded43::I doubt they will pass over Paul, Westbrook and even Nash and his REP!!!
openminded43::Shouldn'ts aren't an issue...... FAME IS!!! Fans are IGNORANT!!!
bobbydagreat::Westbrook isn't really a PG, he shouldn't count.
thenbaisback20::Larry Drew lets try this lineup  pg teague sg joe sf t-mac pf al c zaza  move marvin and josh to the bench
CosmoKramer1444::He's 10x better than Collins
noahheath12::T-Mac should not start. Marvin is playing well and I would NEVER start Zaza on any team. He's a good backup center. He will never be a good starter.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Typical fan overreaction after 1 loss to a good team on their home court.
ATLien4ever::t mac isnt going to start
thenbaisback20::I have already marked an L @ miami.
JulioJonesBrother::Another problem has been FT shooting so far.
Michael Bibby::Start Zaza over Josh, move Al to the 4.  Hawks become 10x better. I'll take production over flashy dunks any day.
ATLien4ever::sit his $@% down!!
bobbydagreat::FT's were 16-13 tonight and were 33-18 last night, it's fun watching games that the refs don't ruin.
Facebookthesportsbettingguy::awesome, lose by 20 and it's the refs fault. No wonder houston is an embarrassment
Adrianch01::True, Well i'm off. See you at the Texans board tommorow, Later.
Adrianch01::Right. That game against the Memphis should of been a W for us.
bobbydagreat::Well who knows what it would have looked like if they had called the game evenly.
thenbaisback20::huh?
bobbydagreat::Last night the refs were terrible, they basically handed the game to the Grizzlies, this game it was much more even.
Rerpy::When Josh Smith loses his athleticism he will have no game.
ATLien4ever::thats why they call them athletes...
thenbaisback20::Score was 79-73 and Josh just handed Hill the ball and it killed our momentum.
ATLien4ever::we aren't on the coaching staff we can still look at the last game...lol @ fans that take themselves too seriously
Adrianch01::Come on, the game is over now. Next game up. You guys have your hands full with the Heat.
thenbaisback20::we arent winning in miami
JulioJonesBrother::Still don't know what goes through Josh Smith's head when he sets to take a jump shot! GET IN THE PAINT AND STAY THERE!
ATLien4ever::the outside shooting is the least of his problem
thenbaisback20::Larry Drew is gonna have to do something about Josh Smith.
jairushawkins::Just an off game any other night nobody on that roster is better at josh smith's position on that team
ATLien4ever::how about start ZaZa at the 5 and put his $@% on the bench
Michael Bibby::He never will
scalabrine1::Tmac needs to start over marvin
NguyenDragon::His back can act up at any moment... Those things never heals...
ATLien4ever::bobby T Mac played 72 games last season
ATLien4ever::yeah and I dont think T Mac signed for 1.4 to start....let him play his role
bobbydagreat::TMac won't stay healthy, he never does.
Michael Bibby::Marvin has been our best player this year....
jairushawkins::The hawks would be better with that
apeterlives::lowry ate up, chewed, and spit out a terrible road team on new years---next!
