Blondie::Dim-witted D'Antoni should have rotated Xavier Henry to play SG and SF positions instead going with Shawne Williams who didn't have a good shooting night.
Billy::Why is Steve (rehab) Nash still paying NBA basketball?  It's a  grueling game so I can't see his active status percentage increasing much in the future.  We all wear out as we age.  Even Brett Farve finally got the message.
Ddog::The long view for the Lakers 1) D'Antoni will finish out his contract. 2) Kobe will become a players coach and hand pick the next championship Lakers juggernaut. 3) Jimbo will be revealed as a greater owner than his dad  4) Phil Jackson will become an after thought
BendGod::Anyone who thinks Kobe did the Lakers a favor taking less money needs their head checked. Remember there is no promises with who you draft becoming great it's all a roll of the dice.
Kevin Stooley::Got diarrhea?
d Craig::It's going to be painful to watch the end of Kobe's career in Lakerland.
Larry::Wasn;t Trevor Ariza on the Lakers once??? that guy has been on so many teams and is just a borderline NBA player- how sad how much the talent level in the NBA has declined. There are maybe 10 top players, but there are also many starters who would not make any NBA team in the 80s or 90s- well not any playoff team. MJ and four live bodies win 75 or more in this league. Put MJ in the 90';s with this Wizard team and they win the championship.
Larry::Ya had em , but you blew it- really have no one who can deal with Wall and that is sad since the Wizards do not have all that much else. I don't think Hilario played a SINGLE game like this when he was on the DEN Nuggets- at least not one I saw. Not the worst player- but usually takes him three games to get this line.
DCK SUCKER::I don't think I will get any sleep tonight. I'm too excited to see the Lakers play the Wizards!
jones::Kobe makes a lot of doctors richer. It is what Jesus was talking about when stating that America is better if the 1% were spared after the mass execution.
