BarrelRider04::Clips fan here. This guy hit the nail on the head!  "FTLakerFan clippers should replace del negro but they wont because they are to cheap to pay for two coaches so they will limp along this year under a lame duck coach who the players have no respect for and waste a season again, then they will hire a new coach for next year, but it will be another middle of the road guy who they can get cheap, and the cycle will start again, as long as Sterling is the owner, the Clippers will never, ever, win a title"
REDUCE523::Really this isn't griffin not being a puss in the paint. That jordan is not reliable and Paul is not himself. I am a clips fan but can't go 8-2 and then act like vinny didn't do that. They stopped playing d and just got lazy.
Ireland297::Solid all around win by the hornets! Austin Rivers had 14......not bad
obamaagainin2012::lol at Clips
GrandmasBoyDawg858::90% of people on here are ESPN workers SMH!
mister mojo risin::if i handled the ball as much as chris paul did, my numbers would be way better
Citybythebeach::Oh me oh my the clippers how lost 4 in a row oh me oh my, strap on your seatbelt folks cuz cuz it's going to be another choking season.....Hahaha
allenmatthews::BBBBBIIIIIIIIINNNNNNGOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
allenmatthews::Lamar Odom  season stats:  1.4 Pts per game on 21% Fg     Wow.
Citybythebeach::This guy should really just retire after the lakers traded him away he's been awful, he's still butt hurt lol
lakers will be 2013 champs::looks like the clippers "fans" will become laker fans
sokal-surf::They can't afford it...
allenmatthews::Remember when the Clippers were the best team in L.A.?  Me neither.
dr_gonzo_phdsd::where are all those clip fans now? don't be all "clips own LA" when they win, and be no shows for when they lose to the bottom of the barrel when it comes to nba basketball.
FTLakerFan::clippers should replace del negro but they wont because they are to cheap to pay for two coaches so they will limp along this year under a lame duck coach who the players have no respect for and waste a season again, then they will hire a new coach for next year, but it will be another middle of the road guy who they can get cheap, and the cycle will start again, as long as Sterling is the owner, the  Clippers will never, ever, win a title
duro.::Finally for a change, the better team actually won
tempest in a teapot::clippers will go as far as chris paul takes them... so nowhere
spektical11::clippers playing up to potential.
FnStoneman::I love how all the Clippas Haters come rolling in on our board, story on or box score recaps to bash on them.  Clipps will get it going again. Still way to early. First real road trip after a pretty tough opening home schedule. There was going to be some letdown n the mental side after facing the Spurs, Grizz, Lakers, Heat, Bulls in approx 10 days.  LETS GO CLIPPS! OH ME OH MYYYYYY.......
William51796::Really Clippers ? Griffin 4pts....Odom 0pts.....Losing to NO ?
kmansoory::Can we get rid of Del Negro he has lost this team and nobody wants to play for him.  He can draw good enough plays to get Black more touches and create better offense. I'm so tired of the stupid excuse that give the ball to Paul and he'll get it done. Those days are over !!!  we need to come up with better game plan and more creative offense
tempest in a teapot::thats not happening... and u know it... chris paul is a dribbling waste of time... hes the carmelo anthony of point guards... he dribbles u down into a 10 second shot clock and gives it up to someone to make a play... nevermind getting the ball into the post, he literally will not even look for u, unless it is him posting up... last year the clippers were one of the worst fast breaking teams because paul cant run a break and wont... this year theyre running more, but u can tell that paul just doesnt know what hes doing in the open floor
Wood3422::Time to bring Phil in today you aren't bringing Vinny back anyway might as well get rid of him post haste!
jlee3891::What a suprise...the Clippers living up to their franchise prestige....one of garbage.
OrdellR::Thankfully, the season started so all of the 8 year olds that thought the Clips or the Nets were going to win it all are less active on these boards . Now I just cant wait for the Heat to lose in the playoffs.
AdiOdom::Another lost, 4 times, hurmm hopefully a victory for the next game #FaithOnClippers  :(
machinegunkelley80::its the curse of jamal crawford. if that dude is oon he can score but if he cant, he cant do anything else
manimarf09::Wow, Clips are skidding. West, as always, is very wide open.
machinegunkelley80::grizz, sa, clips okc and maybe lal if they ever get it together
flcaliguy::Now would be a great time to bring in Ron Jeremy...aka Stan Van Gundy. Del Negro has had plenty of time &amp; proven nothing other than that he can be a mediocre coach.
kobepac24::Oh so Clipshow back where they belong. All the hoopla and its just November.
ThunderNut22::The real Clippers are back.
fathale::Clipper fan-  If beating the Lakers makes the Clippers the Champions, doesn't this make the Hornets the champions?
Infinite5ammy::Beating the Lakers doesn't make anyone champion. To be champion, you have to beat a GOOD team.
curb stomp.::I thought greveis played extremely well last night  Controlled the flow of the game and hit some huge shots  He is everything that is good about an nba player. Humble and gracious
Mr. C1ean::He had the same amount of TO's as Jeremy Lin would have had last year, though :/
cypresspelikan::I told you to put it in the vault yesterday hornets by 7
Plascencia10::Why isnt the basketball world spinning in frenzy over the clips losing 4 in a row! Oh, probably bcuz no one really believed they were that good to begin with! Everyone knows the Lakers are going to be there in the end so talk them down when you can! Clips can remain irrelavent.
Plascencia10::I can agree to that for now, being that the Steve's are still out and they have a new system to master. Everyone knows the ceiling is still higher for the Lakers. (Ironically they play in the same building)
witelightnin::Lakers still suck.  Clips are just equally as sucky right now.  It's still early, we'll see what happens come Apri/May/June.
Itshowtime16x::Ur prolly one of the morons who use to bash the heat at the start of their season in 2010 sayin they wouldnt make it to the finals
curb stomp.::Great game hornets  Yall showed a lot of heart last night  Austin really played well
BarrelRider04::Only the Clips could win 6 in a row against really good teams and then instantaneously go into the tank for no explainable reason whatsoever......ONLY THE CLIPS!!
SPURZWARZ1.0::CLIPS ARE DIPS!
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Blake Griffin 1-9, two words...ALL STAR!!!!
SPURZWARZ1.0::All Dunk, no skill!
tani_budde::Good showing by my Hornets tonight, we really needed a road W.
CGraceIII::Bad sign for the Clips when Caron has his best game as a Clipper and they still lose to the Hornets playing without their best two players. Like the Hornets young core. Vasquez has developed into a viable point guard. Aminu is having a breakout season. Anderson is terriffic. Rivers is turning the corner already at 19. Get Davis healthy and anything from Gordon is a bonus.
witelightnin::Another pathetic display by the Clippers.  Sometimes it's really hard to be a fan of this team...
witelightnin::It was easy to be a fan when they were 8-2!  :P
Itshowtime16x::I guess it's about time to be a laker fan AGIAN
BarrelRider04::SOMETIMES???
tommydilz::Try being a fan of the craptors dude, nothing more difficult than that.
Syrindge::Clips hit 18 3's at almost 50% clip and still lost the game?!?!?!? The fact of the matter is Chris Paul has got to get Griffin and Jordan some easy looks to get them going.
realitytk::i wish paul would have got to the FT line at least once.  Cant settle for jump shots
dplunk18::The Clippers are who we "Thought they were"
stathusker::Losing at home to the Hornets, without Anthony Davis? This team craps the bed too much to be elite right now.
Mr. Nut Job::Well that's not good.  Maybe too much drinking and not enough exercise and rest may be the cause.  The energy must have been bad on the Clippers to lose like this.
Novoodoo4409::Let me choose my words carefully, CP3....a not very talented team beat you last night....glad you're no longer with the Hornets....your drama was not worth it....you will never win a championship with the faux Clippers..frauds....not very talented..lmao....
Ustna5::you're not very bright, are you....?
Mookie121352::Even though we're 4-9, I like how we play at times and I like the direction Monty has them headed. F**k Eric Gordon, Fake a** b*tch !!!!
duro.::welcome back to reality Clips ;)
Novoodoo4409::Clippers are frauds....hey CP3, enjoy never winning a championship....fact...hornets will win one before you...lmao...
Ustna5::uhhh no...
ragan921::Think the Hornets found the secret to thier success.  Bench the entire starting 5.  They won this game despite the entire starting 5 being negitive in the +/-, while the entire bench was double digits in the positive.  great game by Vasquez though, minus the 8 TO's.
Ustna5::Seriously....WTF!   Fire VDN already!
theheebs::In 19 minutes the most impressive stat for Odom was 3 steals.  why is even still in the league?
madnessUNC::hornets fan, but on the odom situation. he's still got the skills to be in the league, but he's effort is $@%! poor and he looks out of shape, plus he looks like he gained about 15 lbs. he's def. nothing special anymore.
malcom1985::sadly I've been wondering that too. when he played for the Lakers he was everywhere, getting it done. he is a complete non-factor right now for the Clippers.
theheebs::hey clips fans, hope that BG dunk was worth it.  This team was over-hyped early and will settle into mediocrity soon......or perhaps already has.....
Barry660314::Totally takes away what a great game Vasquez and the hornets had
