J-SMOOVE669::MIAMI HEAT 2012 NBA CHAMPIONS!!!
Brown5652::its not bosh fault . This guy never gets a post play call for him. I blame spo for this. They have one of the best offence big man on their team and all he does in the offence is spot up. Im telling you if they dont use bosh more offten tin he post they wont win a championship
chevy of durham::playing some defense might help....
chevy of durham::they just got smashed ..... no excuse.
gobledoug::heat were 1-3 v boston last year in reg season.
nba is the worst::Last season's head-to-head results are completely irrelevant
CelticPatriot17::Hopefully, the C's keep that track record in the playoffs.
Intellibeam::Depends who they play I think....
ronbo 236::They didn't give up 60 fg % to them last year though..Heat's defense is suspect..Agree?
Intellibeam::If they could get in a practice maybe their defense would be ok.....This is a messed up season for the nba
CLUTCHOLOGIST::Chalmers and Cole need a Doc Rivers motivational speech!
Intellibeam::Something....good coaching goes a long way. And bad coaching goes a short way
CLUTCHOLOGIST::Watching Miami the biggest issue right now is PG play, not only does Chalmers and Cole struggle to play the position, they also struggle guard the position, i'll admit Miami has alot of problems guard Rondo, he did what ever he wanted last night, and the game before.
CLUTCHOLOGIST::But when playing Boston Lebron shouldn't have to guard Rondo, he needs to only focus on Pierce.
inglehacker::Then put Battier on Pierce.  Or put Wade on Rondo and put Miller/Battier on Allen or Bradley.
Intellibeam::Those point guards are not thereal point guard....Lebron is. They just need to be ready to catch and shoot. And as far as rondo goes. He's the best point guard in the league. He does that to everybody. I'm just glad he's not the best shooter in the world.
lamarmt1::Miami isn't the only team that struggles to guard Rondo.  In fact, it appears the only way to contain Rondo is to turn of the TV cameras.
Rondo is a Bum::I agree.
Intellibeam::Get rid of Eric spoelstra....The only thing he says during timeouts is Run faster and jump higher black guys......
Intellibeam::Well your comments may or may not be funny but they are irrelivant and incorrect. because spoelstra is an asian man. And that's not encouragement it's just bad coaching....non racist guy.
lamarmt1::If I were racist, I'd say that it shouldn't be surprising that a Filipino guy is encouraging hard work.  If I were REALLY racist, I'd say it shouldn't be surprised that a team full of black guys requires this kind of encouragement.  But I'm not racist, and I don't believe either of those two things are true.  However, I do think we should be able to still use race as humor, and I do think that both are funny.
Intellibeam::Can't wait for the playoffs to start......Miami needs to get rid of that pace and space offense and get some half court plays. Thats the only thing wrong with them right now.
Rondo is a Bum::They also can't defend Boston's offense.
Intellibeam::Paul pierce still has a tendency to go flat during games and boston struggles to score alot so we'll see whats up but the C's look like they want it right now. I wouldn't mine yall gettin your last championship till yall re-up your team again.
Rondo is a Bum::I disagree. No one could stop Boston last night.
Intellibeam::Right now Miami can't defend anybody....It has nothing to do with boston. They could have locked them down if they were on point.
Rondo is a Bum::I agree, Miami isn't a factor.
Intellibeam::Not a factor.....
Rondo is a Bum::KG, Steamer, and Bass is a pretty good frontline. I love Steamer. He's tough, smart, can block shotss, hit a jumper, and fouls a lot, lol.
CLUTCHOLOGIST::Isn't Jauan Johnson good? He needs more PT. I probably spelled his first name wrong
Harmonic Oscillator::Hes raw. Very raw.
Harmonic Oscillator::Steamer was the D-League Defensive Player of the Year.   How often do those guys get to actually make a difference on a real team? Not very often.
CLUTCHOLOGIST::I know boston got desperate at center, but Ryan Hollins is garbage, think we can agree with that
mrhandy25::Looks at the bums playing center in Miami
CLUTCHOLOGIST::I didnt say Hollins is starting....
jdzspace.::fair enough
Harmonic Oscillator::Hes just a body. He was signed to take out Wade when they meet in the playoffs.
jdzspace.::KG is the Center
Harmonic Oscillator::Most surprising Boston player this season?   Stiemsma or Bradley?
Rondo is a Bum::Steamer. He's better than I thought on offense. He hits that 15-18 jumper pretty well.
CLUTCHOLOGIST::Well NBA 2k12 for saw his potencial, so im not too surprised about Bradley, so Stiemsma by default
Rondo is a Bum::Oh, Ok
CLUTCHOLOGIST::Imma be honest, I am a Lebron fan, I dont really like him in Miami...But I gotta alot of respect for the C's especailly Pierce, Allen and KG
Rondo is a Bum::Are you a Miami fan clutch?
NESports1984::id say bradley
Rondo is a Bum::JD  How many people do you think will come off the bench in the playoffs?  I say Ray, MP3, Steamer, and Sasha.
Intellibeam::Those old men are gonna need every player to step up so the whole bench.
Harmonic Oscillator::7 man, pretty much.
jdzspace.::C's ran an 8 man rotation vs the Heat last night. . . so apparently not
jdzspace.::no Sasha probably. Doc likes the 8 man rotation
Rondo is a Bum::Sasha has been playing well lately.
Harmonic Oscillator::Doc rarely goes more than 8 deep in the playoffs.
Harmonic Oscillator::Sasha is an underrated defensive player.
lamarmt1::For the record, Sasha is actually a man's name everywhere but in the US where it has gradually changed from being a man's name to being a woman's name.
lamarmt1::Of course, he isn't actually American, and many who post here aren't either.  I'm just sayin' ...
jdzspace.::fair enough, but we are in America. so Sasha is a girl's name :)
Intellibeam::He should have been playing all year anyway....
jdzspace.::Sasha is a girl's name
jdzspace.::I am aware, doesn't change that Sasha is a girls name
Harmonic Oscillator::Agree. But hes been playing well when given the minutes.
Rondo is a Bum::Will Sasha get PT in the playoffs?
Rondo is a Bum::Starters - PP, KG, Bass, Avery, Rajon    Bench - Ray, Pietrus, Steamer, Sasha?    Emergency - Hollins(Foul trouble), Dooling(Foul trouble)  Right guys?
Harmonic Oscillator::At most 8 guys for the playoffs.
Harmonic Oscillator::I mean no. lol
Harmonic Oscillator::Yes
Rondo is a Bum::What if Pietrus is right? Will Sasha get PT?
Harmonic Oscillator::If Pietrus is not right, sure. Doc seems to trust him.
Rondo is a Bum::Will Sasha get PT in the playoffs?
Harmonic Oscillator::Ray, Pietrus and Steamer
Harmonic Oscillator::I hope Boston pounds the Hawks, i hate that Hawks fan who is always talking trash on Boston boards.
jdzspace.::Keith hates the hawks more than you
RaidersCelticsRedsox::u live in atlanta? i do too....i live in buckhead....where u at ?
jdzspace.::THAT explains it, i was wondering why you were always so "we can't let the Hawks even think they are on our level" after the 2008 playoffs. even though we smacked them around year after year.   now it makes sense,, you have to hear it if they win a single game
Rondo is a Bum::That's b/c I live in Atlanta. Lol
Harmonic Oscillator::I dont really hate the Hawks...they are not even on my radar.
Rondo is a Bum::Smoove?
Harmonic Oscillator::Yea, i think thats him.
jdzspace.::WHERE IS DJ!!
RAlexander 07::At home with uncle Joey?
Rondo is a Bum::IT DOSEN'T MATTER WHERE DJ IS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Harmonic Oscillator::With Kg at Center and Bass and Bradley starting, Boston has one of the most balanced starting 5's in the NBA.
Intellibeam::Bass and Bradley won't be able to handle the pressure in the clutch during the playoffs tho.
Rondo is a Bum::Bass has been to the playoffs before. If Avery can't handle it, Ray will return to the starting lineup.
Harmonic Oscillator::They kind of have to if they are only using a 7 man rotation.
Coolbrotha36::Dont know about best defensive bench The Bulls might have that top spot with Brewer Gibson, Asik, Watson.
jdzspace.::Boston: 5th best starting 5 in the game, 4th among contenders.                 13th best bench. . . .. BUT the best defensive bench in the league.   :)
Rondo is a Bum::Starters - PP, KG, Bass, Avery, Rajon  Bench - Ray, Pietrus, Steamer, Sasha? Dooling??? Maybe not Dooling  Emergency - Hollins(Foul trouble), Dooling(Foul trouble)
jdzspace.::FACT, Sasha is a girl's name
Harmonic Oscillator::I dont count Sasha...thats a girls name
jdzspace.::FACT
Intellibeam::Lebron is still the MVP no matter where he goes or who's on his team. Whether they win or lose. That dude will always be in the consideration for MYP till he retires.
lebronsucks5000::nope durant will win
jdzspace.::FALSE
BeastAwesome15::The Heat have one of the best starting team in the NBA, but one of the worst benches in the NBA outside of Miller and Haslem,
lebronsucks5000::haslem is garbage to
Intellibeam::They need to get taller and make the bench feel like they are actually contributers
Rondo is a Bum::Nope, there Center and Point Guard sucks.
CLUTCHOLOGIST::Where do you rank KG in the list of NBA alltime PF's?
ajata61::3 or 4 on ma list
BeastAwesome15::Top 15
Harmonic Oscillator::Top 5.
Rondo is a Bum::KG is 2 or 3 on my list. Timmy is clearly #1
Harmonic Oscillator::yes, not ahead of Duncan.
Rondo is a Bum::Top 5, behind Timmy but in front of the Mailman.
lebronsucks5000::the heat are not the best team in the NBA
Harmonic Oscillator::Lebron cannot handle The Truth
Rondo is a Bum::Chalmers cannot handle ET
Harmonic Oscillator::For sure
Intellibeam::Lebron should have stayed on pierce and he would have only had half those points
lebronsucks5000::lebrick got owned
jdzspace.::Lebitch WAS on Pierce, and got torched.   next question?
jdzspace.::i have video proof. matter of fact, i'm watching it right now.
Intellibeam::Your opinions have no validity.....
Intellibeam::Jdzspace.....You and america can eat a fat one !!!!!!!!
5ncounting::Then u guys should go somewhere it's better. Have fun
5ncounting::America huh...you must not like the greatest country in the world
Harmonic Oscillator::I can agree with that
Intellibeam::It's over rated....
Intellibeam::Why did they put wade on pierce? Fire Spoelstra....Why can't the Heat run a half court offense? Fire Spoelstra....
CLUTCHOLOGIST::No real post presents makes it hard to run a half court offense
Harmonic Oscillator::Rondo does not seem to have a problem
Rondo is a Bum::It was a switch. Wade had no chioce but to take it like a boy in a shower by Sandy
Harmonic Oscillator::Pierce embarrassed Wade on that move.
johncaso::time for riley to take over . spoelstra has lost control and team doesnt respond to him
Harmonic Oscillator::They need a quality PG to run a proper half court set.
Harmonic Oscillator::And Bostons half court defense is the best in the NBA
CLUTCHOLOGIST::I thinks it safe to say Pierce is one of the most skilled players in the NBA
johndoe5699::And one that got stabbed the most
CLUTCHOLOGIST::The C's are nothing without KG
CLUTCHOLOGIST::When your out of shape like that you have to have moves to get to the cup
jdzspace.::Pierce would be nothing without Rondo
RAlexander 07::Close one - thanks for bringing me down off of the ledge :)
jdzspace.::it's ok, because Magic would be nothing without Bird
jdzspace.::nah, he was just the best player on a bad team before Rondo came to town.   Rondo is what makes Pierce good. without him, he would average 12ppg
RAlexander 07::Bird would be nothing without Magic  Wait, did we just credit the Lakers for Pierce's success?!
Rondo is a Bum::False, quit being a hater. He was a HOF before Rondo even got there.
jdzspace.::Doc would be nothing without Bird.  ......  .process that one.
Harmonic Oscillator::Rondo carries this team on his back like a pack mule.
RAlexander 07::Rondo would be nothing without Doc, ergo....
Harmonic Oscillator::And one of the fattest.
Harmonic Oscillator::Pierce made a nasty move last night towards the end of the game. He faked and put the step back on somebody..cant remember who was guarding him. And got nothing but nylon.
Rondo is a Bum::Wade
Harmonic Oscillator::Figures...
Intellibeam::jdzspace....The black man doesn't owe america anything. So eat a fat one chump! I can go deeper but I'll leave it at that punk!
CLUTCHOLOGIST::Are you a vet? ^
jdzspace.::actually, yes, he does. and the fact that he doesn't have the pride in his country, or the integrity of a professional invited to represent his country. he can rot in he.ll for all i'm concerned. i don't want him on the team, he does NOT represent what it is to be an american.   just another classless, brainless, self absorbed dou.cher.   fu.ck him
Intellibeam::This isn't his country africa is....He'll play for them for free....How bout that chump!
CLUTCHOLOGIST::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Rondo is a Bum::Lol
Rondo is a Bum::I just hope we don't take on any more injuries this season. I want Pietrus to came back next week and get like 3-4 RS games under his belt in order to be ready and in game shape for the playoffs. We will be small most of the time in the playoffs, but at least we have scorers, shooters, and tenacious defenders on the court. Boston will be a tough out.
Harmonic Oscillator::Jeff Green might start for Pierce next season.
Harmonic Oscillator::haha
Rondo is a Bum::False
lebronsucks5000::boston is still a better team than miami
Harmonic Oscillator::This may come as a shock to some of you guys, but most of the time when a player takes a jump shot, hes open. Or he would not take the jump shot.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::unless his name is JR Smith lmao
chisoldier::A lot of exceptions actually  Every top scorer in the league takes lots of contested jump shots. That's what makes them great is the fact that they can hit tough shots even when well defended.
Harmonic Oscillator::There are some exceptions to the rule,yes. lol
Harmonic Oscillator::This does not include players like Kobe, Rose, Westbrook, Ellis etc..
Harmonic Oscillator::Guys that shoot at least 4 times a game from 16-23 Feet:   Nowitzki - 51% Durant - 49% Garnett - 48% Bass - 48%   There you go. Real numbers.
CLUTCHOLOGIST::How many shoots does Bass take a game? And he get open look 9 out of 10 times, due to the players around him, im sure you could shot 48% with Rondo, KG, Allen, and Pierce on the floor with you
jdzspace.::he takes about 6 shots a game from that range. and for the record.
Harmonic Oscillator::Cliched and unfounded argument.
jdzspace.::was just going to post that.   http://hoopdata.com/shotstats.aspx
CLUTCHOLOGIST::I would love to see the Boston fans pick a fight, with the Heat, lets not forget what happened in Detroit! lol  1800 fans out of shape fans&lt;12 NBA players  They train everyday......
CLUTCHOLOGIST::LOL
CLUTCHOLOGIST::Chicago is in the USA that makes Wade American :-)
jdzspace.::Arizona is in the USA, but lord knows that not everyone here is American
jdzspace.::not the players, just the dou.che bag unamerican as.sho.le who breaks opposing players arms on purpose because he makes them look bad.
brady5084::i thought the heat were gonna be trying to get there second championship this year, ohh wait thats right you have to win the titles before you say it
Rondo is a Bum::"Wade = A real American Hero" - Captain America
Harmonic Oscillator::I would love to eat like 10 Burritos and then squat on Wade's face.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::I think it'd be interesting to see Ray on a team like OKC if Bos lets him go.  Whether starting or off the bench, I think this would push them over the edge in the west
chisoldier::If Ray leaves, I think he probably goes to Chicago.  He is familiar with Thibbs system and they have a great relationship.  Also he would probably be guaranteed a starting role.
Harmonic Oscillator::I dont want Ray to leave.
jdzspace.::anything can happen. . . . so we'll see
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::hope thats the case
jdzspace.::actually, Ray does not want to leave Boston. like at all. we'll see how it pans out, but Ray has said on multiple occassions that he wants to retire a Celtic and that he has zero desire to leave Boston
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::I didn't want him to leave Seattle either, lol.  At this point, I think Boston knows they can't keep him there and starting Bradley is just as much about grooming him as it is defensive strategy.  Ray is going to want to play on a contender, and I can easily see MIA and OKC trying to pick him up
Rondo is a Bum::Me either
53Kevin::Gotta go now heat fans,it was fun Trolling your boards like most of you troll ours.But i will be back later to talk about Lechoke more.LMAO
jdzspace.::BREAKING NEWS:   D.Bag. . .. . I mean Dwayne Wade now thinks that Olympic players should be paid. yeah, i'm so off about him being a piece of sh.t as a human being.   I guess that making 20mill a year isn't enough, having the opportunity to represent your country is no longer an honor or a privelage. it's basically a summer job.   what an unamerican piece of sh.t. lets let him play ball somewhere else so we can see if he appreciates what he has. what a as.sh.ole
Denise7447::d-wade makes enough money and he doesn't have to play for America if he feels that way
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::yeah that's kind of foul.  I get his point, but its more about the honor of being considered your country's best and being able to be a part of something bigger than just American sports
Rondo is a Bum::Lol
jdzspace.::worth it
CLUTCHOLOGIST::And get your a.ss whooped lol
jdzspace.::I swear to god it would be hard not to try to make it through his bodyguards and kick him in the stones and try REALLY hard to break his nose and get a few bone fragments into his brain.
Harmonic Oscillator::No joke, i would spit in his face if i ever saw him.
jdzspace.::what a waste of human life he has become. . . . god he makes me sick
Harmonic Oscillator::I would literally pay good money to see Hollins take Wade out for good.
Harmonic Oscillator::It should be no surprise that Boston made a lot of jump shots. Thats what they do.
Rondo is a Bum::chi soldier  Here is my proof about the C's defense with Avery starting. Please respond.  http://espn.go.com/blog/boston/celtics/post/_/id/4692060/cs-defense-in-the-headlines
chisoldier::i already did to the previous post.  But once again, we all know that Boston is a great defensive team.   As I keep saying, their lack of size and depth at C and PF will hurt them in a series against the Bulls who also happens to be the best rebounding team in the league btw.   They could get through Miami with that seeing as how Miami's strength is not in their front court.  But against the Bulls it would be a tougher road.  That is why I said that Boston had better try to get that 3 seed.  They match up better against Miami.  Of course they can compete with any team,  I'm not saying they cant. They are a veteran team who has been there before.  But in the playoffs it comes down to matchups and Chicago is not a good matchup for Boston.
Harmonic Oscillator::Kevin Garnett and Brandon Bass are two of the best jump shooters from mid-long range in the NBA.
CLUTCHOLOGIST::Bass is the best though???????
CLUTCHOLOGIST::KG yes, Bass no!
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::even if his jumper looks ugly as ish lol, it still goes in
Rondo is a Bum::Bass is a good jump shooter as well.
Harmonic Oscillator::You want the numbers?
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::one of the few things KG still does like clockwork outside of intimidation.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::he was schooling Amare in the 1st round of last yrs playoffs
Rondo is a Bum::I agree. Boston offense will be unstoppable in the playoffs this year. You can't double off of anyone when you have the lineup of PP, KG, Ray, Bass, or Rondo. Those 4 guys can make shots and Rondo can get to the rim or make a great play at will.
J-Short65::Anyone who thinks the celtics are going to win a playoff series against the Heat relying on Rondo and Avery Bradley jumpers is delirious.
jdzspace.::i guess it's a good thing nobody thinks the Celtics will win off of Rondo/Avery jumpers huh?  good thing we have Paul Pierce, Kevin Garnett, Ray Allen, Brandon Bass and MP3 huh? lol
Rondo is a Bum::They're relying on their defense moron. KG, Bass, and PP will provide the offense. Rondo can score and drive to the rim at will on your terrible defense. Avery can shoot and cut with the best of them. Sorry, but Miami dosen't want to see Boston in the playoffs.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::that's the same thing my Knicks thought last yr.  These are professionals. ANY player in this league can hit an open shot if its an open shot
jdzspace.::not their jumpers, but their defense will more than get the job done.   KG vaporizing Bosh and Avery locking up Wade is all that it will take to beat the Heat in a 7 game series
jdzspace.::lol, hey rex. how goes it?
rex_coach::What up JD?  How are things in Haverhill?
Harmonic Oscillator::16-23 Feet:   Rondo - 39% James - 39% Wade - 39%
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::Random question:  If the Wizards or Cavs get Davis from Kentucky, do they become a contender for the 8th seed in the East next yr?
chisoldier::Wizards are still too young and haven't figured to out how to play as a team.  Cleveland would have a better chance seeing as how they have a better coach a few vets and they are just more talented overall than the Wizards.
CLUTCHOLOGIST::Bobcats are likely to get him, Cavs probably want Beal or Drummond. The Wizards would be alot better, with the lost of Nick Young I doubt they would make any noise, not mentioned they are still coached by Flip Saunders
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::nah flip got canned before the all star break.  nobody in DC cared, because we knew the coach wasn't the reason per se.  I think if they can get Davis and somehow get rid of Blatche, its not impossible for them to get to 9th or 10th and scare the 8th seed a little.  I think Cavs would instantly be favorites for #8 with him
Harmonic Oscillator::If Boston had another PG that could make the team better than Rondo, i would not like it, but i would accept it.
Harmonic Oscillator::Moot point though, Rondo is a God.
CLUTCHOLOGIST::Miami played extremely sh.itty defense, and at times looked to be going through the motions, they played unmotivated and Bosh looked to be scared of KG, Lebron cant do it by himself. Wade only 4pts in the 2nd half, with that being said Boston Fans are getting too excited about the 2 games they beat the Heat. In a playoff series when the Heat are fully engaged, Boston won't stand a chance.
CLUTCHOLOGIST::HA ^^^ All of a sudden Bradley is the MVP of the C's, you guys are too funny.....Come playoff time I have a feeling you guys wont be as confident!
CLUTCHOLOGIST::Hmmm.....Miami beat Boston in the playoffs last yr buddy.
Rondo is a Bum::key words  "last year".   Bradley is a great defender and Rondo dosen't have a broken arm this time. Try it now, rookie.
jdzspace.::right, with Rondo hurt, with no starting Center, and with Wade scoring 30ppg on 53% shooting and LeBitch avg 28ppg on 47% shooting and Bosh avg 20/10  none of those things will repeat when we meet again. . . . like i said, you got nothing
jdzspace.::you do realize the reason Wade has struggled is because of that guard we have put on him right? you realize that isn't going to change, right?   face it, we got your number junior
CLUTCHOLOGIST::You realize Wade dominated Avery Bradley in the 1st half right? Wade isn't healthy, thats whats wrong with him... kid
Rondo is a Bum::Based on what? Miami dosen't want Boston in the playoffs.
