Prince Donald::snell is kickin A$$ smh thibs so suspect... he should have been giving snell shots
Cee Peters::Go T. Snell! Go Lobos!!
Kenny Zinke::The greatest rivalry in the NBA is the Bulls and Pistons.
Lu Kane::Is that u mcfly?
Ghislain Hofman::it was back in 90s
Troy Orosco::Tony Snell the Silent Assassin! Bulls were right on that pick.
Steve Cook::Tony Snell is a stud!!!! All you Chi-townies will see what WE saw at UNM for the last 3 years!!!! Look out! He only gets BETTER!!!!
Jake Gibbs::Brandon Jennings has 73 assists in the last 7 games.
Taylor Manes::It's sad that derrick rose is not here..but I still think we have a slight chance of making the playoffs...but I still think we should tank  we should tank so we can get some good players and next season derrick would have talent around him so when derrick gets injured again it won't be like the world is ending or something...we would be worried but not like panicky and scared..
Capital D Musiq::We learn a bit about the DNA of the Pistons players with that result. Dont wanna get their hands dirty and work hard.... Taj probably needed to hit another 15 x 10ft uncontested jump shots before anyone in white tonight respected it.
Cory Nope::The Pistons will be a lottery team, unless they can deal Monroe for Aaron Afflalo or Klay Thompson. Smith needs to move to the four, and they HAVE to start spacing the floor with a perimeter shooter.
Cory Nope::Ill take Wesley Matthews even. I dont care.
Brennan Cooper::I don't think Portland is interested in giving up Wesley Matthews these days. That guy is on fire.
Trevor Hennington::Deng really upping his trade value.  Hope they trade him soon since I'm not sure how much longer he can trick people into thinking he is this good offensively.
Lu Kane::heard they're prolly gonna sign him long term
Trevor Hennington::Lu Kane That would be a huge mistake.  Knowing how the Bulls love huge mistakes, they'll probably do it.
Lu Kane::Trevor Hennington i mean we arent attracting any superstars most likely so i dont hate that idea. deng snell taj mirotic noah butler rose is pretty freaking good rotation. maybe bring nate back and draft a center to back up noah.
Charley Doherty::I hope this can become a competitive rivalry again. In the early to mid 2000's the Pistons were good and the Bulls were not and the last 5 years its been all Chicago. Hopefully these teams can be competitive at the same time.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::well of coarse its competitive because both teams suck. tho the bulls look like a college team lately so Detroit should win this one at ease
Denniz Rodman::Vladimir Tsalyuk Detroit win with ease?
Trevor Hennington::Snell is looking good, Noah is being useless.
Elijah-Koolaid Mosley::Go Capt. Kirk
Kevin Samuelson::go  wings
Geoff Starling::Pistons should be embarrassed. 26 pt 2nd half. 26 points.   Problem is they have a bunch of talented but unfocused players.. Monroe gets killed for his D.. but A. Drummond, J Smith and Jennings are often far worse when they're not engaged. Monroe at least keeps his head in the game, gives some body and acts like he's trying. These other guys just check out of plays and games.. Yes, I did include Drummond. Drummond was horrible tonight. His help D he didnt move once the entire night. He was going through the motions on offense too. He played like an unfocused wimp in both halfs and needed an butt-chewing at half.. which clearly didnt happen, he came out worse. You have to pay attention to him off the ball to truly appreciate how little he seemed to care tonight.. and he plays so unintelligent when he loses focus.. this was UCONN Drummond.
Cory Nope::Trade Monroe for a a perimeter shooting 2-3. Problem solved.
Yaneek Smith::Cory Nope Agreed!! Someone like Rudy Gay, Evan Turner or any slasher/scorer who can help balance this offense. Having a good center and two good power forwards doesn't make a lot of sense.
Cory Nope::Yaneek Smith NEVER mention Rudy Gay and the Pistons again- you will jynx us lol Id love Evan Turner, though. I remember when people got on him about being a bust.
Nashon Notyourtypicalsmith::Got outcoached tonight by Thibs....Pistons were in bonus early in fourth quarter, down 5 perfect time to bring the starters back in after riding Stuckey. Bulls play lockdown defense, but we have talent and post players to combat their strengths...smh big loss tonight in division against a struggling bulls team without rose
Prince Donald::guards Kirk Hinrich, Marquis Teague, rookie Tony Snell and journeyman Mike James  combined for 12 points? no.. snell had nine and those other guys had 3... this is what i dislike about the media and their reporting of the bulls team.. snell looked fine the other guys where weak af. get it right.
Malissa Neibaur::kirk had 13 by himself.
Prince Donald::Malissa Neibaur i was speaking of the previous game and yeah finally.. his shooting percentage is still somewhere in the 30s meanwhile the rookie snell shot nearly 60 percent and had the same amount of points...
John Martin::Hinrich put up numbers not unlike what  Rose was doing and Bulls win by 20. Bulls should be a .500 team which means they make the playoffs in the East.
Southie Dave::They are the best defensive team in the East, especially with Rose out (Rose played no defense).  They will be above .500.  They will be about what they were last year.
Vin Turner::Southie Dave You are an idiot, ask the other point guards if he can guard.
Southie Dave::Vin Turner HE has no heart.  I've watched him play defense.  He's soft.  Glad we aren't stuck with him in Boston.
Geoff Starling::Side out chicago... that is if you pretend you didn't see Hinrich karate chop Drummonds forearms causing it to go out of bounds... solid ref.
Parker Hill::We got really lucky tonight that the bulls didn't have Derrick rose because that would've made a bigger chance of losing  GOOD LUCK PISTONS
Lester Avellan::Deng is not the problem after that performance. Great game for Deng. The fact is that the Bulls need another star.
Will McCoy::the problem is you are not getting another star with Deng on the books.
Trevor Hennington::I hope you don't really believe Deng can keep this up.
Brennan Cooper::I love Luol. He actually has become a much better facilitator the last couple of years. The problem with Lu is he's not a good three point shooter which is what they need next to Rose. But if Snell is for real that may not matter as much, especially if they add Mirotic and amnesty Booz.
Brandon Tigues::this pistons team should at least be a 500 team especially in the east with the level of talent they have, fire the coach
Yaneek Smith::I agree, man. I mean, give Cheeks more time, but I don't think he's the long-term answer.
Brandon Tigues::Yaneek Smith he does deserve more time..I understand it's only the beginning of the season but if the pistons continue losing winnable games you have to let him go, this team is to good talent wise to lose to teams like the bulls without rose.
Geoff Starling::Yaneek Smith - I think Cheeks has shown good adjustments game to game, I have seen improvements. But I'm not sure he has enough fire to light under these sometimes apathetic, leaderless team. You never see cheeks yell or even get upset about a call. We were up 53-51 at half, but our rotation defense was terrible... no one was helping. These guys needed to be lit up at half, instead they came out with even less effort and focus.
Cornelius Cornell Grimes::Piston should win this easily.   Pistons though would let chi-town hang in the game because of they lack of focus on the defense on the defense side of the game plus they still the quiet defensive team in the league.
Jake Darin::Yes, but how is their defense?!
Shamim Sheikh::Jake Darin good for second, terrible for minute.
Jake Gibbs::Pistons are the worst free throw shooting team in the NBA.....Andre Drummond leading the way.
Trevor Hennington::Why the hell does Hinrich keep hoisting up 3s?  He can barely hit a 15 footer and hes terrible from the arc.
Mark Mattson::the jennings-smith-pope trio continue to suck.  i am really hoping for a trade...
Cornelius Cornell Grimes::Like I Cornelius grimes said the pistons will find away to keep chi-town close.
