663Dan::fan i am
663Dan::look don't be mean
663Dan::iwish that the heat had their streak keep going
663Dan::#2 is king
663Dan::answer is kevin durant
663Dan::who is the best player
MavsNSaints::Poor Lakers.  This year it'll be OKC's turn to sweep them on their way to the finals.  C'mon Dwight, you know you wanna be a Mav!!  Dirk will gladly hand the team over to you, but Kobe never will... and if he somehow did, you'd choke under the flashy LA lights. You ain't no Shaq, boy, please never call yourself Superman ever again. Oh but join us, we could use you here.
amtrack5::KD's stat line is scary good.  I dont even wanna see him next season
amtrack5::Troll Rule #235:  If you can't troll the team, go after the fans and the city
PortBlazerFan22::If OKC clinches the top seed the Lakers have no chance of advancing to the 2nd round. That's what happens when you underachieve.
RagingSage::The team most affected by this is of course the Lakers.   I'm a  Lakers fan, but I'm not delusional.  I thought we at least had a shot against the Spurs assuming we stay in the number 8 spot.
giangir::Yea the Lakers have no shot against OKC, terrible match up for them.  At least with the spurs being banged up and depending on Parker's health they had a chance.  Not a good chance but a chance nonetheless.
ZinBayArea::Kevin Durant attempting to act tough is pretty laughable.
JCDish::31 points, 10 bnds, 8 asist ... this means nothin to you. Forget the tough guy thing, KD has earned the right to act as tough as he likes.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMANjr::kille em then pray for em!!! TTFU!!!
RespectThaGame::The Spurs know exactly what they're doing by intentionally giving up the #1 seed. Anyone who believes otherwise is misguided.
roadglider2011::It worked out well for them last year.
ZinBayArea::Yep, they know more than anyone the kind of bias the Lakers get in the playoffs.
I go straight to the comments::<b>2013: when LAL became LOL<b></b></b>
MavsNSaints::Nice name!
bankerelm::LOL clippers?
KiD.Clutch.35::This is Los Angeles.  Im sorry your Lakers arent the Lakers of old and you cant attempt to command the respect a Laker may have once.  Why dont you just pick your 8 seed (maybe?) and leave this board.
This is Los Angeles.::ouch! you don't have to get so mean. Sorry you woke up in the middle of nowhere today. Your team hasn't done s.h.i.t. Don't act like okc is the miami Heat. All i'm saying is the Lakers have been there, done that. You probably expect the Lakers to win 50+ every year and make it to the finals. In reality they can't, but everyone always thinks they will.
This is Los Angeles.::I feel you. Trust me man, you know and i know. Laker boards get blasted by trolls, I mean blasted. More haters than Laker fans. I forgot I was here. My bad for that. Because I'm usually telling other NBA fans to beat it. My point being, if you bash the Lakers im going to bash who'ever your NBA team is. A simple Lakers are playing well is good, but for someone to say randomly Lakers suck. I'll definitely tell it like it is ..
KiD.Clutch.35::Youre delusional.......like most of the Laker fanbase.  Peace.  Gotta go do some stuff.  Catch you on here later if youre still bellyaching.
KiD.Clutch.35::Oh, its no biggie.  I just dont like coming to MY TEAMS board and seeing some sour LA fan trashing my team.
thunderblue247::Throat slash, then pray for em'!
TillieOKC80::Born in Cali but call OKC my home.  California good place to vacation but damn if i want to live in a place with too much traffic, high gas prices, high cost of living and some of the non friendliest people I have had met.  OKC is a small big city that you can afford to live in and get anywhere in the city in 20 minutes PLUS the people here are about as nice as you can get.  City life with a small town feel. I'll take OKC ANY day of the week.
This is Los Angeles.::I pray for Thunder fans. I'd hate to live in OKC!
roadglider2011::Stay in LA, I'd hate for you to move to OKC.
KiD.Clutch.35::A girl I dated had a gay friend, Brian, he was born in OK.  Yeah, he lives in LA now.  Im afraid you cant control who comes to Cali bud.  Anyhoo, I may vacation there someday......but I'd never live there.  Anyone with roots stays out of Cali.
This is Los Angeles.::Nah man, first we don't say Californians and we don't want awkward OKC people anyways. Second, you don't need to pull the race card. More illegal hispanics sneak into Arizona, Texas and New Mexico. Beach, Babes, and Sports.
KiD.Clutch.35::I love it.  No SMOG, not infested ny hispanics and qu.eers.  Cheap cost of living and GREAT NBA BASKETBALL.  I love how Californians act like all 300 million Americans should live in Cali.  Idiots.
This is Los Angeles.::Portland beats Spurs by 34 a couple weeks back, Portland also beat the Heat, Thunder, Bulls and couple other good teams this year. No biggie, it's the regular season. Portland beats the Lakers earlier this year and it's the Lakers struggling, Lakers suck.. It makes no sense. For you to say LA is going to be easy to play in the playoffs, you are mistaken. They would take the Spurs in 5 or 6 games. Thunder is a different beast, but if Westbrook starts chucking up shots, the Lakers have a huge size advantage and more experience. Not predicting anything but just stating the obvious. You can't predict playoff basketball
thunderblue247::Portland has not beat the Thunder this year, what are you smoking?
I edit my comments if people call me names::Lakers aren't going ANYWHERE in the playoffs.
roadglider2011::Correction, they are going "out" of the playoffs.
thunderblue247::Throat slash, then pray for em'!
This is Los Angeles.::If this is a "what have you done for me lately league" like some of you say... Presently, OKC hasn't won anything ever. Clippers haven't won anything ever....Clippers won their first division banner in what 40-50 years? That means Dr. Buss' 10 championships in LA means nothing now right? Clips are the Pacific Division Winners! And Thunder won their first WCF banner in their 2-3 year existence, they are the greatest ever right? How many WCF, Pacific, and Finals banners hang because of the Lakers hmmmm.. maybe too many to name right now.
TillieOKC80::You guys realize OKC has only had this team 5 years.  Coming from near the bottom our first year and steadily making improvements every year since I would say we have WON something.  We have fans all over the world. We are second only to the Heat in this league we have gotten better while the Lakers regardless of their PREVIOUS 16 titles haven't done much to shake up the NBA world in the last few years. You can't keep throwing 16 titles at people and think that will shut us up because in the here and now you guys are fighting for number 8 while OKC is sitting back and chillaxing.  Keep living in the past.  Because of luxury taxes LA will no longer be able to buy talent for any price without penalties.  It's a different time in the NBA there isnt 1 or 2 top dogs in this league. The NBA is full of teams with potential and right now LA is not one of them. After LA's move from Minneapolis it took LA lakers 10 years to win a title after going to the finals 3 times in a row AND losing.  Give OKC some credit.  We've come a long way since our first game in OKC when everyone thought we were a joke.
KiD.Clutch.35::A western conference title 4 years after relocating is pretty impressive.  Especially with the young team.  I know you guys have 16 titles and thats impressive too.  Just quit whining and know that OKC will sit atop the conference for awhile.
KiD.Clutch.35::Your right.  Kobe's lunch table is with the lunchladies.  Durant has the premiere table now.
This is Los Angeles.::for a while? Kobe's lakers made it to NBA finals 3 years in a row. You can't make it every year. Durant isn't at Kobe's lunch table yet. I'm not whining, just don't act like they are doing big things yet.
colosportsman::Warriors better get their shiz together ..if they think they are going to stand any kind of chance against the Nuggets.
THA TRUTH 365::it's all about matchups right now, look at the knicks who can beat the heat if they play physical, but can't beat the bulls if they play physical.
THA TRUTH 365::spurs plan is  working, let okc play the lakers, first round. spurs don't match up well against the lakers.
THA TRUTH 365::right
PMPJohn::Everyone matches up well against the Lakers
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Your not very smart. Spurs would rather have home court where they play a lot better. Thinking they would give that up just to avoid a lakers team that struggles is just plain ignorant.
This is Los Angeles.::LA would mop up the Spurs without Ginobli or Parker. Shoots, If they had their "big 3" Kobe Pau and Dwight are so in rhythm it would be tough. It's plain ignorant to say OKC is a great place to live. High School football and Thunder yahhhoooo!!!
ZinBayArea::W's need to hold the #6 spot! We can take Denver, but Spurs or OKC are a bigger fish to fry...
colosportsman::Warriors are like a much worse version of the Nuggets..Seriosuly dude ..You really think you can beat the Nuggets...lol.
Prometheus Guns::Golden State will fall to #7 and play the Spurs :)   Best possible matchup. Thanks!  -Spurs Fans
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Don't worry GS fans if they do put y'all out. We will put the spurs out, so they will be out to.
dannywilliams146::what? no thank you note to the Nuggets?
huskers-PVAMU::Who will OKC pick with the the Toronto pick?
FuriousEsq.::If you're telling me that J.R. Smith is going to average 23 ppg on 50+ % shooting in the playoffs (which is what he did in the 13 game winning streak), then yes - the Knicks will make some noise.  But I wouldn't bet my house on that one.
Prometheus Guns::melo averaging 39.6 the last MONTH. Durrant 26.4  Melo is doing well lately. It is a long streak then
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::KD is still the better player.
EuropeDude1981::what about melo's hot streak. I could see that vaporizing by game 2 of the 1st round
EuropeDude1981::Melo wants the scoring title so bad. He chucked it up 34 times last night compared to durant's 16. And he only scored 4 or 5 more points.Meanwhile knicks lost a close one. And that is why melo will never win it all.
THA TRUTH 365::scoring title means nothing, it's all about championships or the mvp. if LeBron shot as much as melo , Durant, or kobe; he'd win the scoring title every year, his shooting percent is definitely higher than all 3.
Prometheus Guns::yeah, because their 13 or so wins before and then barely losing in OT sure proves your point.
EuropeDude1981::i have to say though, the recent melo games feel like a hot streak. Durant is just sustaining his usual level of play. That's just impressive
Prometheus Guns::oh, I don't disagree with you on his attitude. I have never been a fan, bu thave to give the guy credit. Some games he's played lately have been amazing. His game in Miami and OKC were off the charts though.
EuropeDude1981::he's obviously been chucking the last few games. I don't mean to hate on your idol bro, i play most of my pickup games in a melo (nuggets) jersey. I want to see him do well, i like the guy, but his attitude has always been lacking just a little and that's a shame
Prometheus Guns::Respectfully, im glad the Spurs are resting and waiting for the easy path to the WCF.  Golden State and then Denver is a walk. Denver is so overrated with NO outside game and a hobbled team. The #1 Seed will face the streaking Lakers and the Clippers or Grizzles.  #1 Seed &lt; #2 Seed
PMPJohn::Never give up home court advantage in the playoffs
huskers-PVAMU::The Nuggets are the best home team in the league (tied with the Heat). If the Spurs lose one game at home then they are done.
Prometheus Guns::Ha! just ha! We almost beat them with 3 point guards, matt bonner, and a D league center in Denver the other night.
msonic69::Easy path in the West?  Can't decide if your statement is arrogant or foolish.
Prometheus Guns::support your statement with facts
EuropeDude1981::you completely ignore the fact that the road to the finals goes all the way to the WCF, which is the one you really need to win. To have the upper hand there is far more valuable than an easier 1st and 2nd round
Prometheus Guns::Lakers, Clipper or Grizzles??? NO Way  Golden State, Denver or Houston  Stern wanting a all LA Semi could hurt you with the refs too. Just ask the 2002 Kings in game 6. Google or youtube it if you don't believe me.
EuropeDude1981::the spurs should be resting, i agree, i was just reffering to the 'easy road' part. The 1 seed is actually the easy road imo
Prometheus Guns::you completely forget we are resting for health reasons. Health is 100% the issue now.   With veterans, homecourt doesn't mean as much.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Love those alternate Thunder uni's. Looks real cool
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::yes the Lakers will be eliminated faster with OKC in 1st
Big_los07::Not a fan of neither, but Boston hasn't had to claim titles from another city.
Big_los07::Celtics I mean
Sports-Talk-Now-::and your team will too, your team is a  jokeeee  all boston teams are a joke hahaha Pats,redsuck,Boston in NBA etc losses   Yankees&gt; redsuck Giants&gt; pats(they own the losing pats  Lakers&gt;Boston (21 years to get one ring hahahahahs jokee
greensilkdts::Kd with attitude? Everytime i see that commercial with kd in baby jamas i say man kd is fierce. go back to ya backpack and bible tough guy. throat slashing gestures bwahahahaha.
KiD.Clutch.35::Its called MATURATION.  You PUDWHACKER.
jaer04::hey when does OKC and LA lakers face
InFaMouS KP::Next year! hahaha Lakers are NOT going to the playoffs!
huskers-PVAMU::Everyone is a bandwagoner at one point. I don't understand why everyone thinks every fan of any team is a bandwagoner, when at one point they were also one.
jaer04::Im the biggest OKC fan on the plannet
UCOscoop85::planet*
digimon.emperorv2::lol   @ thunder fans
thunderupman::you like the wagon I see
thunderupman::THEY CONTROL THERE OWN DESTINY. 74% chance lakers get into playoffs. who knows.
jaer04::Lets go Thunda
thunderupman::I LOVE THE HYPE OVER MIAMI. NORMALLY IN SPORTS THE UNSTOPPABLE GET STOPPED!!!!!!!  THUNDERUP!!!!!!!
Sports-Talk-Now-::sound stupid
Kuunamatata::Thunderup?  That sounds $@%!$@%!.  Sounds like you took the....eh... "creativity" of the University of Arizona fans with the Bear Down and..."made it your own".  At least have something unique and creative...
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::U make no sense kid. Try agian.
foxx7777::The Warriors guards take so many bad shots. If you are a center or foward for the Warriors, you are lucky to get a pass. Curry and Jack will dribble across halfcourt and shoot it without making a pass. This team will always be a low playoff seed because they don't play any defense.
jaer04::my coment of just wrong was towards GIANTS tame tigers12
jaer04::come on dude that was just wrong
GIANTS TAME TIgERS12::Your mom takes some bad shots too... Down her throat!
foxx7777::Your mom takes it up the $@% from your neighboor's dog.
UrJellyBro::This team with James Harden might have been true contenders for the title; but I just dont see this group beating Miami. A fully healthy Spurs team( doubt it'll ever happen) probably has the best shot.
thunderupman::you no absolutely nothin. POINTS per game are higher. points differential is the best in the nba (11.0 ) the thunder now have 5 guys that average double figures in points.  + - ratio is he best in the league. facts are facts. we are a stronger team. NO statistic shows we are better with harden.
MinniWolves90::Except for the eye test.
dash2k4::Chasing the #1 seed is going to be taxing more or less. Is it really that important to have home court throughout the WC playoffs? Especially when you know Miami already has homecourt advantage throughout.
jeffg07::So what should they do???
thomascedill::OKC is good. HOPE yall have a good postseason. Warriors overachieving but were still loving it. Go Warriors -- ALL DAY!
mike10244::I hope some of you guys tailed intpicks. Perfect 4-0 tonight after 3-0 yesterday. 3 picks for Friday
Ric3524::Thunder won't beat Miami if it's a rematch of last year's final... too many turnovers still.
huskers-PVAMU::The Thunder should hire a guy to beat up Lebron so that he either wont play or he will play like crap. jk
UrJellyBro::And to many guys named Lebron James.
oneandonlybabe::Warriors go for the win tonight!!
UCFMiamiHeat::if clips lose to memphis does cp3 leave? if so where he go
jeffg07::Howard is the most selfish player in the NBA. There is no way he takes less money
artu2423::I say Howard and cp3 join the rockets they'll do wat Miami did take less money or a sign and trade no ones gonna expect it but I can see it happening
huskers-PVAMU::new cba says no sign and trades.
sports guy12::Rockets make a run at him
eenz3::No one can alleyoop in Houston
UCFMiamiHeat::Now that'd be a fun a$$ team
bullsbearssoxpurdue::back to NOLA. eric gordon actually plays now
UCFMiamiHeat::we will see how long that lasts... i know from having him on fantasy team
sports guy12::???
bullsbearssoxpurdue::how about them bulls
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::What about them they will not see the ECF, so what's the point of them even going to the playoffs.
thexdiamond::OKC won't ever see the finals trophy, so what's the point of them even going to the playoffs?
slowquin::I want all the Warriors, Alive if possible, if not wasted.. send the word
MOVING TO FOX::CURRY IS A LOSER, NO DEFENSE, AND JACKSON IS A JOKE, hAND down, team WILL always BE DOWN.
HadumiFire::lol is that why the warriors are going into the playoffs this year?
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::So will the fakers but they suck to. I first round exit is not a good thing. Dirty but the warriors are just average nothing more.
frostjack186::when is howard getting his revenge on david lee
ndcccc::would be dumb to do it this game and likely get ejected if it is too bad, but go for it, Howard, lol.
WarriorsWarrior::whitesamba12 True, take Curry out along with Lee and they're the Washington Generals&nbsp; 26 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  HOW GOOD ARE OK W/O DURANT &amp; WESTBROOK?  DUH!
foxx7777::The NBA is so watered down that you could take any teams 2 best players and have the Washington Generals.
Ric3524::Jeremy lamb might get some minutes then ...
airicad::if orlando wins the lottery (which given all indications, stern will gift to them), they will have vucevic, harris, harkless, and a #1 pick guard as future starters for barely any money at all.  d.amn, looks like they might have won the dwight trade after all....
jatkinson 1980::What has to happen for Memphis to get the 4 seed?
airicad::it will come down to saturday's game for those two teams
NDFRockets18::yeah I just noticed your lower comment lol
airicad::i'm talking about homecourt
NDFRockets18::memphis can only get 3rd or 5th due to LAC winning their division
George85146::well, they can't get the 4 seed in number, as LAC has it by winning the division, but if Memphis has the better record they'd have home-court
NDFRockets18::correct
jatkinson 1980::really?  So is it possible that Memphis gets the 3 seed and Denver falls to 5th.  But with a better record Denver gets home court against the Clips?
