bustasports::full nba 2011 re-draft  kenneth faried 2nd pick, enes kanter 17th  this was actually a good draft, but the draft order wasn't right  http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/2012/03/full-20...
Jizazz::If D-will came back to the jazz would they cite shenanigans were in play?
GsU -3000-GsU::so happy Paul redeem'd himself after missing the game winner(s) in atl... good win Jazz
JAHQUAN3::I was at this game and the Jazz could've won by more. The refs kept the Nets in this game. They shot almost dble the amount of FT's as the Jazz, Millsap dominated this game.
Klow561981::Burks Is the man.  Might ought to consider starting him full time?
mcshumway::This shouldn't be too surprising -- Burks and Favors are good players.  I was surprised the Jazz didn't pull off a trade to get help at PG and make room for the talented young guys to come up.  But that day is coming.
MonkeyGordo1001::I want more Jeremy Evans playing time! He won the slam dunk contest, but we still don't even play him.
simbone28::He deserves some minutes not because he's the slam dunk champ, but he actually does contribute when he's out on the floor. Every time he gets on the floor it's like for a minute and he still records an hoop and a block. Personally I think they're benching him so that other teams don't try to bid us up for him in the off season.
Jazz Niners Boobs::Couldn't agree more with ya UJN.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::being a slam dunk champion doesn't =regular NBA  minutes. I love JEremy Evans BUT he isn't better than the guys playing ahead of him...Millsap, Favors...ya dig?
Germany858::Nice trade Billy...
yorkallday1::nba re-draft who would u guys take second? this site said kenneth faried, i don't think he's thaaat good though http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/2012/03/full-2011-nba-re-draft.html
ghettoslider::i totally agree with ATL.. that re-draft is non-sense.. even in hindsight that blogger cant get it right.. not even close!! kenneth faried?? isiah thomas?? kawai leonard?? in the top ten?? yeah right
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::whoever made that blog is a complete idiot. jazz knew kanter was gonna be a project and they are looking to the future, they will not resign al jefferson. and alec burks has been soooooo good. they said we would take bismack biyombo or however you say his fu.ckin' name. burks will be the best guard in this draft when all is said and done. mark my words, burks will be better then kyrie erving!
kozanski2000::Didn't the Jazz just play a 4OT game last night ... and they won tonight?
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::by 21
masterqb92::Nj will be the worst team in the league next season
NYeltigre::there is no question that he is leaving.
MonkeyGordo1001::If Deron Williams leaves, I agree.
MavsNation92::Say goodbye to Deron Williams. Go Mavs  :)
JAHQUAN3::I've been a Jazz fan for almost 20 Years and I like Deron Williams. He is still in my eyes a Jazzman until he plays somewhere for a longer period then he has with the Jazz. He doesn't owe any of us an explanation, he played hard whenever I saw him play. He earned the right to want out of Utah if that was his choice. I love Sloan but if D-Will is the only reason he left, he quit on all of us as well.
ghettoslider::and even if he does go to the mavs, i dont see them being that good of a team anyways.. the entire team is old and way past their prime.. they are going to need a huge rebuilding even if they do end up siging a couple free agents this off-season
ghettoslider::d-will could be in alot better shape (physically) than he is now.. he can get away with it while hes young, but i think he will have an injury prone/shortened career as he gets older.. i think he will be somewhat of a bust for whatever team pays him too much money next year.. also, he is a locker room cancer and he has a bad attitude in general.. he doesnt listen to his coaches or get along with his teamates..he is forever hated in utah and he is about to be forever hated in new jersey when he leaves this off-season after jersey traded away all their young talent and draft picks to get him.. and he will eventually be hated by whatever team is short-sighted enough to sign him to a long term contract
Darkflame07::I'm a 20+ year jazz fan and I like dwill. Could he be an $@%? Yes. but if you recall malone wasn't the easiest guy to deal with all of the time either.
jaredeml::Ty Corbin learned how to be a coach from the two guys you said needed to leave.
hdmilife::Speak for yourself, I've been a Jazz fan all my life and I don't hate him. And the whole thing about him driving out coaches Sloan and Johnson is laughable, they were good coaches and all, but they never won got over the hump and won us any championships, it was long overdue that they departed. The team looks just as good  and even better right now with Ty Corbin.
ghettoslider::i dont hate him.. all he did was cause two hall of fame coaches to leave our team b/c he wouldnt listen to them or run the plays they told him to run.. gimme a break.. i you like d-will then you cant even call yourself a jazz fan.. either that or your an 11teen year old who has no idea what jerry sloan and phil johnson meant to the jazz orginization.. d-will is spoiled, over-rated and un-coachable.. so if you like those charecteristics i can see why you like him.. you probably like michael jordan, dennis rodman, the spurs and the rockets as well
ghettoslider::sorry i meant to say all true jazz fans who know anything about the history of the team
lll__::i don't hate him. maybe not everyone in utah has the same opinion as you?
mxmilkman::who wants him anyway, he will quit on them just like he did the jazz
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::i hated d will the last month that he was with the team, he showed zero heart and i couldn't wait for sloan to go to the bench. earl watson ran the team better then d will last year, so i would say that he quit.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::he never quit on the jazz... the jazz traded him you fool. Is he cocky and thinks he is entitled to things? yes. But he didn't quit on the jazz
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::i know it's the nets. but this dominant road victory the night after a 4-OT loss is impressing me. i'm fully expecting the jazz to beat the celtics.
KORNETS::DAMN NETS WHY DO U LOSE TO CRAPPY TEAMS LIKE THE JAZZZ!!!
ghettoslider::idk.. maybe you should ask the lakers, thunder and the nuggets
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::and the heat...don't forget the heat
adam_keefe_fan_forever::lol
99LALO::Hahahahaha! Must be that rat infested sh*t over there that has them thinking dumb.
malakim2099::Jazz are 27-23. Nets are 16-35.  And you think the JAZZ are the crappy team??? :)
MavsNation92::Nets fans are dumb. They still think Deron Williams is going to stay with the nets.
drummerboy22000::Cause Nets are lead by D-Will!
THE TEEGEMAN::Who am I kidding, the Jazz cant beat the Celtics...what am I....CRAZY!
MonkeyGordo1001::Yeah they can!
THE TEEGEMAN::I hope the Jazz brings it on wednesday...Celtics are a different ball club..CAN THEY BEAT THE CELTICS?
JAHQUAN3::We usually split with the Celtics even during their glory days over the past few years. No reason we can't beat them, i have a feeling though we will get very few calls at their house
MonkeyGordo1001::Of course they can! After beating Miami this year and last, we can totally beat the celtics
drummerboy22000::I can't listen to Jazz radio playbyplay guy. He's pathetic.
simbone28::I miss Boone, he tells you valuable information like "the team that scores the most baskets is going to win the game".
ghettoslider::i think harpring is better than boone
xenosapien::I can, but that's just because I know it could be worse: I could be listening to Matt Harpring.
drummerboy22000::Yo-Yo dribbles &amp; leapin leaners...
adam_keefe_fan_forever::A gentle touch and a mild arc and the ol' cowhide globe hit home!
adam_keefe_fan_forever::I miss Hot Rod so much it hurts
GoTmJazz52::Boo hoo, nets it's time for change? Gee, maybe consider DWILL, come back as a free agent next year for the JAZZ?
ghettoslider::devin harris may not be as young or talented as d-will but he has had some solid seasons in the past and i think he is finally coming around to the jazz system and becoming a solid starting pg that can lead our team to the playoffs.. considering what harris is getting paid i think he is a much better value than d-will
7BAUGHLLIN7::Not happenin
7BAUGHLLIN7::Comin back to the jazz...
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::what's not happening is D-Will staying on the nets
Chris 5 yards after contact Ivory::MGK
adam_keefe_fan_forever::The box score for this game is fascinating.
800lb::Gerald Green played thirty minutes?! in the NBA?!
Cardinals542::As much as I love for the nets to lose, I still wish brooks played well. I always liked him in college.
Cardinals542::Take that, Deron Williams.
Cardinals542::we can't use short rest as an excuse for losing anymore. Good thing we didn't lose. Just look at Connecticut last year. They played 5 straight game in college!
StocktonToMalone 3::That last play from Evans is definitely a top 10
palme24::DWill whines about jazz, kills off coach sloan, gets traded to an absolutely abysmal team and then gets bullied by his former team the next season.  Life is good
drftw42134::Jordan Williams should learn from Marshon Brooks on how to speak to the media. Not good to say that you played decent when you were getting blown out lol.
scow79::Do I cheer for Sacramento or Houston?
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Sactown
Darkflame07::Sacramento. They have no shot at the playoffs and houston is right behind the jazz.
drftw42134::Sacramento. They were screwed off an NBA finals match up against our Nets. I was pissed about that.
Utah_Dirtbiker::All the Jazz need is a good young point guard and a pure shooter and this team will be set for the future.
JAHQUAN3::I think we have two potential pure shooters in Burk and Hayward IMO They both will get there soon
StocktonToMalone 3::BBBBBBBBUUUUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRKKKKKKKKKKKSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Free Alec Burks::Big game against a good home team wednsday. GO JAZZ!!!
kingflash631::good name
scow79::I believe they will be without Allen.   If that's the case then the Jazz should win.   Unless they pull another Atlanta
StocktonToMalone 3::Is he hurt?
knickswillmaketheplayoffs::www.FadeTheBookie.c.o.m….Sports Handicapping Website…I Own This Service…My Record is 263-114-6 In The Past 5 Months…I Have Over 250 Members And Over 10 Access Plans To Choose From…Registration Is Free…Just Pick A Package That Best Suits Your Needs…All Of The Plans Are Discounted 15% For The Month Of March…I Am Currently Running A 2/1 Month Special...<b><i>Purchase 1st Month And Get The 2nd Month Free!  <b><i>LOCK OF THE DAY!!  $14.95    NBA/NHL Plans Discounted</i></b></i></b>
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Please, no, don't pull the trigger, no, please. -_-
scow79::In 89% of the games Favors played 25 or more minutes the Jazz allow 1 point per possession or less and in 61% of the games Favors doesn’t play 25 minutes the Jazz allow over 1.027 pts per possession.
kingflash631::cool
scow79::You can’t underestimate the impact Derrick Favors is having on the Jazz defensively. In Favors 6 starts where he has played at least 25 minutes, the Jazz have put had their 3rd, 5th, 7th, 8th, 11th and 22nd best defensive outings of the year.   The 22nd was the game against Philly early in the year.
JAHQUAN3::I think Corbin has handled Favors very well. His value has increased substantially along with his skill level. If we are going to move any pieces it appears the Al, Paul, and Derrick all have extremely high value
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Favors is a monster
Magician.Johnson::Corbin can
sjmcb160::The DEN/CHI game looks interesting.
Free Alec Burks::Root Sports uses an iphone 4s for their HD channel
drftw42134::Well atleast we have 2 ABA championships. If only they made the merger earlier. The playoff atmosphere would have been different when we vs the Lakers. That game should have been Nets vs Kings. It would have been more interesting.
Utah_Dirtbiker::Burks should be getting 30 minutes every night....
scow79::Agreed
scow79::Also Favors should be getting at least 25 minutes
erick21093::Wouldn't a playoff series of utah and memphis be interesting? who would win??
ofaixa::I think Utah already beat them twice this year. So I'd go Jazz. But with Randolph it would be interesting.
jakethesnake74::Jazz.  Soley on the fact that Memphis just aquired Arenas.
erick21093::sure hope so! because honestly Memphis looks REALLY scary to face in the playoffs but I think jazz could pull it off
adam_keefe_fan_forever::No one. Thunderjazz would be much more entertaining, IHOP
erick21093::If that happened I would dance in the streets lol It would be absolute glory knowing that memphis is out of playoffs because let me tell you that Im a Laker Fan but I respect the Jazz because they got talent and proved it when they faced lakers at home, but If Jazz took out memphis then that would be cool
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Yeah I know. I think the Jazz would defeat Memphis in that series, and it would probably only go 5-6 games.
erick21093::thats what im asking for, but odds are they land higher than the 8th seed
Shadow_Boxer_WVU::God I can not even cover getting 14 with the Nets
Rezo201::The Nets are lucky they have Brooklyn because if it wasn't for that arena the NBA would contract this team for sure.
jakethesnake74::Former Jazz players on Nets shoot combined 7-31 FGs.
James Harden Sweaty Soaked Beard::wtf is wrong with the nets? they tanking the season or what?
Utah_Dirtbiker::Why would they tank? Doesn't Portland get the Nets pick this year?
James Harden Sweaty Soaked Beard::well f.uck this, i refuse to turn on my tv to give them ratings for their ads
swilde23::I suppose you have a Nielson box?
Rezo201::I hope so.
scow79::I think it's more the fact that your GM is allergic to 1st round picks
Magician.Johnson::Why did Watson get minutes over Tinsley and Favors and Kanter only get 25 between them? Seriously Corbin, what  is wrong with you
Doc Emmett L Brown::All right. Good game, Jazz. Nice win. I was on the Nets feed, so thanks Nets announcers for not being D-bags.  The Jazz.
mikeisildur::I love when people complain about the Jazz feed.  I mean yeah, the announcers are totally homers, but what do you expect? One's a former player, and they're just playing to their audience.  Besides, I think Matt Harpring is hilarious.
scow79::Favors got 17 minutes tonight.    SMH
knickswillmaketheplayoffs::www.FadeTheBookie.c.o.m….Sports Handicapping Website…I Own This Service…My Record is 263-114-6 In The Past 5 Months…I Have Over 250 Members And Over 10 Access Plans To Choose From…Registration Is Free…Just Pick A Package That Best Suits Your Needs…All Of The Plans Are Discounted 15% For The Month Of March…I Am Currently Running A 2/1 Month Special...<b><i>Purchase 1st Month And Get The 2nd Month Free!  <b><i>LOCK OF THE DAY!!  $14.95    NBA/NHL PLANS 50% OFF</i></b></i></b>
jakethesnake74::Dwill and CP3 are Coach Killers!
nallad47::Watson can not even throw an early oop
ofaixa::Watson was terrible today. Hopefully Ty goes back to Tinsley.
Jeff7429::Nets will play in a walking coma the rest of the season.   Completely tuned out collection of individuals.
erick21093::Damn Utah is relevant now, I hope they land in the 8th seed for a potential upset with the Thunder :) get it done utah!
erick21093::Well, I guess the higher the better but I just am really looking forward to what upsets they can cause in the playoffs! spurs, thunder, or even memphis!
ofaixa::They may be relevant now. But beating the Nets doesn't make Utah relevant by any means. U Kentucky would beat the nets.
erick21093::yea true, but they just had a 7 game streak a couple days ago and half of there opponents where above .500 so I think they are now
nastorga801::It's true haha
nastorga801::I was gonna say screw the 8th seed. 4th seed it right there for the taking.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Jazz are getting the 4 seed, fool.
Doc Emmett L Brown::I want a toilet made of solid gold, but it's just not in the cards.
erick21093::I want them to land in the 8th tho -,-
