Lermin Kwan::The lottery is meant to discourage tanking...Duncan and Billups..any Celt fans care to remember that? This is not a bad team with the unexpected rise of Vitor...One star FA away. Green is an awesome third piece and he is inexpensive. You have a PG, you have SG by committee you have a SF. Kris Humphries, Bass and Sulllinger are suitable PF and Vitor is adequate. So play hard, don't tank and bring on a FA Sg or SF. Wiggins is a big deal but you do not know who he will really be?!?!
malrubius::Yeah!  C's on their way to the number #1 overall draft pick!
GmanJoe::Rhondo is obviously a great starting point.  I've always thought that Green is a player you can build around.  Celts are in suprisingly good shapre at center.  Sullinger could be on his way to being a bust, bur Bradley can be a valuable reserve if he can be signed at a fair price.  Throw in the extra draft picks and Ainge has done a really good job of  positioning Boston to begin their rebuilding project.
Alfons O::I step away for a few minutes and when I come back it is a one possession game at the wire.
Jack Rowland::Celtics can NOT PLAY OLYNYK AND SULLINGER 13 AND 10 MINUETS and Bass almost the whole game and WIN. STEVENS seems to be fooled by Bass. Bass has proven only ONE thing in the few years he has been there and that is that when a game is on the line he does NOTHING. Bet if you check his output in the last quarter you will find that he did not contribute ANYTHING!!!!
Rocky::With Rondo return they should become an acceptable team! 500 ball maybe?
The Most Interesting Man in the World::This is bad.  Blowing the lead is one thing but when you are down 3 and miss with 20 seconds to go you FOUL!  You don't let them pass it around, milk 10 seconds off the clock and then get an uncontested layup in the lane with nobody around.  UNACCEPTABLE!  I know this team is poorly constructed so I am calling you out Coach!
BigBear::What a stiff for a coach; His team was blowing a lead and he had a veteran on the bench who could have got him a win but he couldn't find Humphries or this was a tank job and he pleased Danny.
Mj Oskar::See what organisation wants that 1st pick more tonight. Lose one for the team y'all.
Celts,Sox,Pats fan..::Too obvious!  They threw the game.  Just don't lose a 22 pt lead if they even half tried.  Lottery pick?
