gking407::I get the feeling the average age of Spurs fans on this site is around 20 years give or take a few months.
gking407::TX is a land full of hatred and ignorance.  No matter where you're from or what you know there's someone who hates you for it.  For example, people in TX just don't get the Mavs outside of Big D, they say all kinds of nasty things about the team, the city, etc. even though they're not too far away.  I thought winning a championship would open somebody's eyes but it just goes to prove how strong the hatred is.  I expect to hear it from the NY, LA, and MIA fans but Spurs and Rockets are even worse.
WillGonzo::To all of the Mavs fans out there who have CLASS, good win for you guys coming from a die hard Spurs fan. Your team played a better game. It wasn't a blow out, but a win is a win. Good game. The only attempt at an excuse I could make for the Spurs is maybe they were a little worn down from winning a tough game against OKC the night before. Fortunately for both teams they play each other again this Friday in SA and both teams should be well rested and the game should prove to be more of a measuring stick as to seeing where each team is at in regards to being ready for the playoffs. Regular season wins and records are nice and all, but both teams know that it all boils down to how well your are prepared for the playoffs. Both teams have previously dominated regular seasons only to get embarrassed by first round exits (Dallas in 07 and Spurs last season). So with that in mind I say forget about the regular season and just be ready to bring it when the playoffs start. Peace out.
TRUEfan-NEVERbandwagonjumper::the Lakers have 5 titles with Kobe but Kobe had Shaq - hall of famer - in his PRIME for 8 seasons I think  - and won 3 with him then had to wait 6 years to win 2 more AFTER the Lakers had Bynum and Gasol dominating inside.   oh and Kobe also had a coach by name of Phil Jackson for ALL 5 of his titles,    the Spurs have 4 titles with Duncan but he has other potential hall of famers with him too namely Ginobili and Parker,   even Jordan had hall of famers Pippen and Rodman with him.   in fact most championship teams have had multiple hall of famers - but what hall of famers has Dirk ever really had with him in his career other than Steve Nash years ago and Jason Kidd now?   imagine how many rings Dirk would have if he had someone like Shaq or Duncan with him!
TRUEfan-NEVERbandwagonjumper::and I said HALL OF FAMERS or POTENTIAL HALL OF FAMERS not all stars   Kobe had Shaq for 3 and Phil Jackson for all 5
TOshow81::Lol big_daddy0 are you trolling? Vince Carter might as well be rolling in his wheelchair. All he does is chuck 3s. Dirk has NEVER had a true #2 other than Nash, and that was when HE was the #2.
TRUEfan-NEVERbandwagonjumper::vince carter is at the end of his career and Dirk has a ring without him  and if my argument is rubbish please EXPLAIN -  BACK UP WHAT YOU MEAN
big_daddy0::Vince Carter isnt an all star? LOL shawn marion..lamar odom  and your argument was rubbish dear, next
ShaneE77::The Spurs will get an early playoff ouster again this year. Duncan is washed up. Mavs are still the best team in that division.
WillGonzo::Famous last words there ShaneE77. We'll find out who is better when the playoffs come around. It would be hilarious if the Spurs knocked the Mavs out in the first round. Then what would you say nephew? The Mavs are fools gold. Look at their record. What place are they in their division? Who's ahead of them? Who Just won a big game in OKC? Your words are meaningless garbage. Enjoy that one NBA title. That's the only one the Mavs are going to hoist for a while.
TOshow81::Yes. I don't think you understand what he is trying to say. He is saying that those days are behind him. Sir, this is the 2nd time I have corrected you. You are kind of stupid
big_daddy0::Duncan is washed up.. but he still has 4 times as many championship rings as your entire franchises history?
gking407::Fail
Eg214::ASLONG AS MAVS HAVE DIRK, JET AND MARION ON THE TEAM MAVS WILL BE A Dangerous  TEAM!
JasonCalabasas::"He probably doesn't get enough credit for being the competitor that he is, and for being so tough-minded," teammate Lamar Odom said of Nowitzki. "There's nothing soft about Dirk.."  How ironic coming from an expert in softness. BTW Odom, great 1 for 7 .
ShaneE77::Odom has been terrible this year. I hope his reality show is going well...
Eg214::Ive always Said Jason  terry is our second best Player!
mavsarenbachamps::Spurs fans seem to think seeding really matters in the playoffs. No wonder they did so great in the first round last year against Memphis as the #1 seed
TOshow81::I would say Dirk is the best pure scorer in the NBA right now.
JasonCalabasas::Best player in the NBA?????? Bro you gotta get outside more.
big_daddy0::or it could be ginobili injured....or it could be that memphis was a better team with Gay injured and the offense running thru Z-bo  what did I say about mavs fans being the typical fairweather morons dallas is known for
mavsarenbachamps::Mavs were without 3 starters and still won the game. Really shows how much depth this Mavs team has and how Dirk is currently the best player in the nba like last year at this time. Mavs are getting hot at the right time and this team will be even more dangerous when they get everyone back.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Missing 3 starters and still won.How about those Mavs?!
Bexindy55::Good win Mavs.  See you in the next meeting coming up in SA.  If we meet in the playoffs its going to be some rough and tumble fun per usual.  As for Laker fans coming out of the woodwork thinking they can beat either of these teams in a 7 game series you're delusional.  You'll get the memo soon.
joemcleod83::Mavs have a crazy tough schedule the rest of the year..Making the playoffs is no guarantee.
big_daddy0::mavs fan thinks theyre good because they beat SA AT HOMEnot even 24 HOURS after doing the #1 team in the west, OKC, IN THEIR CRIB  just try and make the playoffs WAHHHvericks
big_daddy0::i acknowledged nothing
shields620::Yes you did, now shut up.
shields620::Thank you for that acknowledgement!
Foghorn HookemHorns::Mavs won a close game against the Spurs. Pops must have rested the Spurs starters in the 2nd half again.
Eg214::Mavs Lead The Whole way Spurs Wer never really in it
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Champions win.Just like the way it should be.
Foghorn HookemHorns::Except for the 20 games the "champions" have lost this year, huh? And the fact they're in 6th place in the West.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Yeah...that's uncharacteristic,don't you think? Anyway they did their job as champions in this one, while having 3 starters out!! Only champions win like that.Go Mavs!
joemcleod83::i think i can speak for alot of Spurs fans when i say i don't hate the Mavs, just Jason Terry lol
jordantromberg::Well I hate Tony Parker...and Tim Duncan, and Baldspot Ginobli, and Popovich...and all the Spurs fans, other players, assistant coachers, and anyone else associated with the Spurs, but I don't hate the Spurs.
shields620::Don't be hatin just because he kicked your a$$ last night, Joe.
ImOldschool1964::I despise JET,aka-the ball puncher, tripper.
ImOldschool1964::I despise JET,aka-the ball puncher, tripper.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::I hate him sometimes too..lol. Can't stand him when begins to run his mouth
deanv13::Go Spurts Go!  No really...Go...GO AWAY!!  No one likes you!
jharrison2090::Jordan and Dirk have never been swept......Kobe has
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Dirk also has never missed the playoffs in is prime, unlike Kobe and KG (3 years in a row)
big_daddy0::LOL comparing dirk and jordan  Jordan 6-6 in NBA Finals  Tim Duncan 4-4  Kobe 5-7  Dirk 1-2  Duncans the most Jordanesque
schrandt::Everyone knows what a joke the 2006 finals were...
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::To all the mavs fans.... don't get wet for a win....theres  still plenty of basketball to be played.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::What's your endless point?^
Mavsolute_Beast_41::you guys lost
yalcos4::dirk is as good as it gets right now
asushooter::congrats mark cuban for buying th refs again when you play the spurs in dallas...is that the only way you can beat the spurs is by buying the refs?
shields620::Bimbo.
longhorn98765::you guys never led in the game.
tbbigdmavs::Yea,cuban payed the refs  off!WTF,I mean,pple man,where do they get this crap from!
yalcos4::Haaaaaa. Mavs were in control the whole game. Blowout basically
shields620::Why you trolling our site then?
big_daddy0::LOL, yeah thats 2 point difference in the 4th quarter was a blowout. dallas fans are complete morons
eightman2303::see you in San Antonio on the 23rd............can't wait.......:)   can't wait for TP to hear and read (if he hasn't already) about this great D that Beaubouis played on him. licking his chops for the next one, I am sure......  nuff said......see you on the 23rd....
longhorn98765::just letting you spurs fans know that we were missing Marion, Haywood and Delonte West. who are our best defensive players.
tbbigdmavs::Dallas is the only team to keep parker from taken over.
yalcos4::He did as good as anyone could...
nba is the worst::So how'd Captain Jack look?
jordantromberg::Steven Jackson looked good in warm-ups
Mavsolute_Beast_41::knocked on the ground by dirk
tbbigdmavs::It was good to get the win last night,and control the hole game!Mavs needed it.Now go for the season sweep on the nuggettsand back home to get a win against the lakers!Go Mavs!!!
pistonfanstill::The 2 best TEAMS in the NBA have to knock each other off.  dallas about to go into Repeat Mode.
yalcos4::U said that last year mawright..am I wright?
mawright04::bulls heat and thunder are better
NBA_refs_are_weak::I hate to keep dogging the guy but seriously, another horrendous game for lamar. this dude is in an epic funk right now I cant believe he still hasnt turned it around here
jordantromberg::I was watching Lamar Odom in pre game warmups and he only hits about maybe 60% of his shots wide open...his shot is too flat and he needs to drive to the basket more.
yalcos4::Hey jessi...ok whatever you say. You can have lam lam
jessicach::I watched the game last night and it seems as the Mavs don't play to Lamar's strengths. He barely was given the ball on offense and he is not in position to rebound on defense based on who he is guarding. I hope he comes back to the Lakers or Clippers.
nicholasduke23::please take him. he plays with no passion.
pistonfanstill::Hopefully he will realize he has a chance to be another Robt. Horry in his own way and as one of the best talented 'journey-men' ever win championships as a key player for 2 teams or more.
9-11 Lies::Beaubouis = Mini Kobe Beaubouis = Wade 2.0 Beaubouis = Controlled Parker Go Beaubouis! Go Mavs!
9-11 Lies::Beaubouis scored the first two Dallas baskets, an alley-oop dunk from Kidd on the opening shot. - How many times we saw this play!? :)
yalcos4::Dirk is the best player right now.
yalcos4::Mavericks were severely shorthanded tonight. Very impressive on their part. Amybody who says they're old or a fluke might eat it..
pistonfanstill::The Mavs are the BEST team in the NBA until somebody else wins the Championship.  Its amazing how so many fans dont understand what the term 'Defending Champions' means.  If Dallas was out of the Playoff picture OK but this team reminds me of that Shaq-Wade Miami team which beat them, they are full of hungry Vets, some past superstars who want to go out the way they were suppose to have come into the NBA.  Dirk, Terry, Marion, Kidd got theirs but are not satisfied.  Vince Carter sees his opportunity as well.  Can you say Antoine Walker and Gary Peyton?  Dallas repeats because the East is still dysfunctional and OK is still too young.
xle001::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGpJ4zF_ypE
xle001::YES spurs lost!!! GO LAKERS! ramon sessions the KEY!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGpJ4zF_ypE
Adrian5371::You thinking we need Derek the turtle Fisher to win a championship shows just how little you know about general basketball knowledge.
pistonfanstill::The Kobe Lakers are finished.  Kobe cannot win without Derek Fisher.  They are just teasers now who cant win the championship of the Staples Center anymore.  Kobe should reconsider his threat to go to the Knicks.
Adrian5371::Bring us all you've got Texas. Los Angeles Lakers are winning the west this year.
shields620::LMAO....right.
Eg214::Hell No they not
stevenkore::What's that sound?  Ahhh, it's the sound of Laker footsteps...
yorkallday::the real big 3? scalabrine luke walton and kwame brown http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/p/best-nba-memes.html
Clenbutador::Is Lamar Odom still playing for the lakers? even though he's being paid by the mavs.
yalcos4::F lam lam
Baron Harkonnen::1-for-7 with 1 assist ... you betcha, what a 'point forward' he is.
Birdmann._.::yep expect him to not be played in the playoffs becuase he will sabatoge the team.  Epic scandal in a few years blah blah blah
Eg214::Im Glad I DoNt Really see any excuses from Spurs Fans!  They should not Have Any The Mavs outplayed them like i said they would!!!
Eg214::I TOLD YA MAVS WERE GONA WIN MAVS TURN IT ON THEY ARE HARD TO BEAT!
Smile_kkkk::Plz just send Lamar back to the Lakers, he hates Dallas
9-11 Lies::Odom is a cunning anti mavs! Just trade him with 2nd round pick!
Birdmann._.::too late
9-11 Lies::Dallas &gt; Spurs &gt; OKC
rockin214ku::Stating the obvious... Lamar Odom suck's balls
yalcos4::mavs were 60 % and still won. This team could actually win another title this year. Dirk is a scary dude when he wants it. Like jordan
yalcos4::Their big men are deeper than anyones in the league. Tonight you saw a centerless team. Mavs are amazingly still a series contender
lanternthatisgreen::.the champ always has a chance to repeat.
stevenkore::Uh, try not to get too far ahead of yourself there yalcos.   The Mavs don't match up well in the paint with quite a few teams - like the Lakers, Memphis (when healthy), and OKC.  Don't put the cart too far in front of the horse...
yalcos4::So how do you explain barea last year?
Birdmann._.::"When he wants it" apparently he only wanted it once in 14 years?  FAIL lazy bum
Martin Rodriguez677::Just like when the Lakers were hot and beat the Mavs after the Mavs were hot, I'll say the same thing about the Mavs beating The Spurs after they were almost as hot. Basically~ this game dont mean all that much. Other than the Spurs gettting close to the .500 mark on the road. Which should be a concern if they show themselves to be even the slightest bit vunerable at home coming down the stretch. Thats the kind of stuff that gives lower seeds in the playoffs confidence against an veteran titan.
DynastyinBigD::Great win for the Mavs
SCastillo504::esta pagina esta aburrido ahora...voy a acostarrrrrrrr...zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...salu2
9-11 Lies::Hope i am right that Rodrigue Beaubois got his confidence back and he is on his real self where he should be before he got injured last season.
DynastyinBigD::Roddy B seems to be in control when he's on the floor now and he possesses  superstar talent in him
mavsarenbachamps::Roddy B = Dwade 2.0  I hate Wade btw
9-11 Lies::I can't believe some moronic fans still said that Dirk has no D. LMAO!
mavsarenbachamps::I would take amazing offense over defense any day of the week
SCastillo504::en este momento tu sos rocking con lo mejor...claro...
9-11 Lies::Mavs on playoffs are healthy and rested. Spurs will get injured!
mavsarenbachamps::Can't wait when Delonte West is back
mespin018::See you Mavs fans next Friday. GO SPURS GO!!!
