Luc Whissell::LMAO!!! Bobcats put a video earlier laughing at Miami fans leaving early in that infamous game, and their fans are leaving early tonight...morons!!!
Jonathan James Bresnihan::CHeat fans are the ultimate expression of disloyalty and stupidity for what they did in game 6 of that finals. This is a regular season game clown.
Steve Ungar::Jonathan James Bresnihan Really?  A few left when it was apparent the refs were gifting the game to the Spurs, but then James and Allen hit threes to overcome that imbalance, so that makes ALL Heat fans bad?  Of course, since you use the old CHeat hater claim, it proves you have no logical reason for your insane hatred, but will still wallow in it daily on any Heat game thread.  How sad for you, troll.
Jabari Akil::LeBron paces himself, if you honestly think he won't go hard in the playoffs I don't know what to tell ya.
Jo Carter::the whole team is pacing, well more like cruising, through the regular season, especially given how weak the rest of the east is, bar Indy...........they could rest Wade the entire season, still comfortably make the playoffs and unleash him then but that would mean he'd be underdone, the way they're resting him every other game is very smart given his injury concerns the last couple of playoffs
Julius Lim::hope so,but besides 3peat, i wish him go harder right now to get the mvp too. 34-8-6, this took lebron 45 mins,in his pace this shouldn't  have taken him more than 40 mins since nearly half season has gone .in cleveland era,lebron could easily finish it in 3 quarters,one time he almost had a 50+ triple-double. something's wrong with this king.maybe mentally ,i hope not.
Marcleen Bavogui::Julius Lim are u stupid? something is mentally worng because his not averaging the numbers he had in cleveland? here something for he has better teammates, he plays less min, and he needs to rest.. its about 3peating for him not winning another mvp to please u. he has 4 already smh
Mickey Hughes::4th qtr Lebron once again!
Eddie Gomez::its the bobcats and they are in OT thats embarrassing for lebron...
Mickey Hughes::He's done against the entire league, playoffs and FINALS!!!
Steve Ungar::Eddie Gomez Hey Eddie, how about those Colts?  Heimlich much?  Oh, and when a team wins in OT, it is a sign of heart.  At least that was what you trolls said when the Pacers beat the Knicks in OT.  Bobcats have a better record than the Knicks, perhaps you should show them some respect.  Heat players showed the Bobcats respect both during and after the game, I guess they have more class than you do....
Mickey Hughes::Daymeon Craig  Follow   Top Commenter  Indianapolis, Indiana  Bobcat by 25 Reply  7  Like  Follow Post  10 hours ago  Must be his hat that makes him so smart!
Steve Ungar::So if you yank off the hat, what little intelligence he shows falls out?  How sad....
Mickey Hughes::Maybe with the tilt all that is there could gather to one side.
Alan Ogg::he needs to get back on his tractor
Daymeon Craig::Bobcat by 25
Steve Harvey::Agreed, the Heat might be able to pull off the upset though.
George Jimas::this is a serious question, are you a pimp?
Shawn Gulick::He a Heat hater. Thats for sure.
Jabari Akil::LeBron has 9 50 point games and KD has 3. LULZ. DERP.
Mickey Hughes::Yeah, but KD has????????????????????????? never mind!
Jabari Akil::Mickey Hughes Zero rings lol
Jody George Prats::30 8 6  Haters are mad mad mad
Jason Lee::Haters will be Haters
Jody George Prats::KD is a great player. Future hall of famer no doubt but LeBron is a back2back champion and a 4x MVP.   *not even close
Mickey Hughes::Lebron should have 20 ast if someone could make a shot...sucks taking those uncontested wide open shots!
Steven Rivera::Same could be said about Melo when you have the lights of JR, Shumpert and Felton missing wide open 3's almost every night
Mickey Hughes::Melo passing? I think not...
Jabari Akil::Durant's personal servants are here now.
Jody George Prats::Good win!   *WITNESS
Tyquone Mills::WITNESS what?
Jody George Prats::34 8 6 u mad?
Tyquone Mills::Jody George Prats nope why should i
Art Salmons::Miami Heat: "Oh no we're losing!" FREE THROW FREE THROW FREE THROW FREE THROW FREE THROW FREE THROW Miami Heat: "Yay, we won! Great effort team!"
Steve Ungar::Fourth quarter, free throws made.  Charlotte 3, Miami , ZERO.   OT, free throws made, Charlotte 3, Miami 6.  But guess what, two were for an intentional foul, and the other four were for OBVIOUS fouls on Haslem and LeBron, so the refs had no choice but to award those free throws.  Still, in fourth and OT, the final FT difference was ZERO, hater.  Art Salmons:  "Oh no Heat are winning!" Claim 9-11 type ref conspiracy Claim 9-11 type ref conspiracy Claim 9-11 type ref conspiracy Claim 9-11 type ref conspiracy Claim 9-11 type ref conspiracy Claim 9-11 type ref conspiracy Art Salmons: "Yay, I did the same troll that every hater does after every Heat win, I am so unoriginal!"
Dick Pie::Art, yep you know the routine.
Leland Wong::Oden might play in this one. The Heat plays defense the Bobcats have no chance.
Jeffrey Nicholas::I would be surprised if he doesn't. Jefferson is exactly the type of player that Oden is built to play against.
Mickey Hughes::Kaboom!  KABOOM!!
Jody George Prats::LeBron with 20 shots tonight and still shooting 50%.   *GOAT
Kyle White::You can't like your own comment and that's still debatable. He's a great player but everyone needs to calm down on the GOAT until after his career or when it's coming to a close. There is too many what ifs in between now and then to call him GOAT.
Jody George Prats::I always like my own comment but only when I like it.
Steven Rivera::GOAT is MJ shoot 50% even from 15 feet away cant say the same about Bron, who lives in the paint
Ayn Bland::So, Bron Bron shot 52-0-80 tonight.  Epic!
Jabari Akil::You want a lot of attention don't you? Your daddy KD isn't playing tonight?
Jody George Prats::52% from the field is horrible. 34 points is awful. 8 rebounds is putrid. Winning is just plain wrong.   --You
Treyvon Carter::chalmers always doing dumb shyt mane
Chad Wiggins::good lord the bobcat announcers need to learn the rules of basketball if they are gonna announce
Jeffrey Nicholas::What did they say?
Chad Wiggins::Jeffrey Nicholas thinking ur suppose to get two shots and the ball when u have a dead ball foul....
Jeffrey Nicholas::Chad Wiggins Isn't it the same as a tech?
Daryl Roberts::Heat will still pull it out. Bosh an James will both drop 25 points an the Heat will win by 10....
Daryl Roberts::Called it!!! Just 2 points off final score...
Omega Fernandez::LGH! I love my Heatles! sorry Cats :/
Jabari Akil::Look at Henderson flop
Jason Lee::Well game over!!!!
Daniel Figueroa::Lets get this W Bobcats!!!
Jeffrey Nicholas::James has gotten to the rim at will against the Bobcats the past couple years. That 70% shooting is actually down from last year, and I would be surprised to see him put up 40+ tonight and finally follow through on the big game talk he's tossed around the last two games.
Steve Ungar::172 comments only?  Heat must have won.  This thread would have been deulged from waterboy, aaron swastica, and their troll buddies had the Heat lost.
