whoaaa::Nuggets got pounded on the boards, and had way too many mental errors.  I like the Blazers, but the Nuggets actually should have won this game.  More than it was Portland winning this game, it was the Nuggets losing this game with their lapses in rebounding and their mental errors leading to turnovers.  I'm happy though, good job Portland!
Cyril::It's kind of surprising to realize that Anthony Randolph is still only 24 years old.  He still has a lot of potential even though he's been around for a long time.  Mike Scott was drafted last year and is almost exactly one year older than him.  I really wish Randolph would have bulked up and worked on his post game instead of trying to become a three-point shooter, but I guess that's what Shaw wants out of him.
Amir::Lillard dunk is worth of watching this game at 4.30 AM, hope him and Lawson both makes All stars and that is fairly possible with Paul, Kobe and Westbrook probably out for injuries.
George Fletcher Won::Looks to me like Lillard paces himself at times.  Can be spectacular and then very casual within the same game.  Not a good defender at all.  That keeps him out of the top level of NBA points guards for now.
TayC::Like to see lillard tear it up as he is on my team. My oppenent has hickson and lopez so hoping these two stay quiet.  and for fun would like to see thomas robinson do well as he is a bright up and coming player and faried could break out of his funk and get back to playing like a baller
TimmyToker::The blazers live and die by the 3-pointer.  They have zero inside game except for Lopez getting offensive boards.  Aldridge is mostly a perimeter player and they are going to have trouble come playoff time when defenses tighten up and they have to face talented teams w/o the homecourt advantage they enjoy when other teams typically have to play in puddletown on the last game of a long west-coast road trip - oftentimes on a back-to-back.
Brett::soft western teams Fun fact: East of the Mississippi more people will watch the MIND BENDING THUMB BENDING video on Youtube tonight than will watch this game
~dhen~::Lamarcus - Should be starter in All Star
Phu::if blazers get more national tv games, aldridge would be an all star starter. for sure. this guy can score outside and inside and play a complete game. he's not as good as duncan was but pretty close. except aldridge has more range.
fisher::This Nuggets team is boring without Gallo and Javale.. nevertheless. Ty doing a good job carrying this team on his shoulders. They'll play hard and compete on a nationally televised game. Looking forward to a close one. JJ Hickson gets his revenge game
