clipctb::I think the best bench for Memphis as they head to the playoffs is Davis at 5 Arthur at 4 Daye at 3 Quincy at 2 Bayless at 1  This lineup would really spread the floor and score and run.  The first team would not have to play so many minutes and be rested for the playoffs.
colosportsman::Wow..I am shocked Memphis lost this game..Seems like they have been beating everybody, and then pow. Nuggets almost did the same thing against the 76ers. I guess its because you get up for all the tough batttles, and the when a game comes along that doesn't seem so tough you let up. Human nature I guess.  Anyway thanks Hornets...Nuggets fans appreciate it...finally made up that game in the loss column, and Nuggets have the 3 seed.
dm1ze::Beating everybody? Not really. They've beat up on a bunch of weak teams. Orlandox2, New Orleans, Cleveland, Washington, Minnesotax2, Sacramento, Detroit. Not exactly impressive.
Mookie3144::The Hornets youngsters have to get consistent, and they will eventually.
faargsob::Annnnnnnd here comes the 5 seed. It's not too big of a deal as I like our chances against the Clips, but I wouldn't mind some HCA, damn.
Clipper Ian::We Clips fans are hoping to see you Grizz in the first round. Win or lose, it promises to be EPIC!
faargsob::I agree man, I remember sitting in the Forum in the final seconds of game 7 and not believing what was happening. If we face you guys again this year we could have a nice little rivalry!
gt1master_ike::Even though my hornets won today the Grizzlies are still the much better team. And one loss to a bottom feeder doesn't mean the Grizzlies are no longer contenders all of a sudden. With that said I hope the Grizzlies get eliminated early in the playoffs. The spurs as well since they also play in the SouthWest. And thanks for Greivis. The kid has been great since Chris Paul left.
StoneCold676::First of all, I was at this game in New Orleans supporting the Grizzlies to the fullest. They played like crap. End of story. Denver fans, I hate to break the news to you, but your season will end the same this year as it did last year, accept this and move on. We were a number 8'seed a couple years ago without Rudy Gay and we gave the Spurs the boot, who were the number 1 seed. Something the Nuggets couldn't and will never do. Not to Mention the fact that the Thunder (a much better team than Denver) almost joined the Spurs thanks to Memphis but managed to get by on one game. Hats off to the Hornets, they were the better team today. Memphis usually beats New Orleans and they shouldn't have under estimated them.
rwilliams75::Haters be hatin. I guess winning 1 of 4 against Denver will do that to you.If you stay in the 5 and play LAC w/o HCA you could well be 1 and done.
Walter5184::yeah. Thhhh. best thing nuggeest did was get rid of anthony. The best thing donkeys can do is get rid of john fox
DenverNuggetsOfficial::You do realize the Nuggets were the first team in NBA history to knock off  a 1 seed as an 8 seed.
pfrancis1942::Thanks Pelicans!  -The Denver Nuggets and their fans
dr4rayray::Memphis starters 25/51 Bench  5/22
larshook::Didn't get to see the game but thank you NO!
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::finally the 3rd seed
karelp::Grizz just gave up the 4th seed...luckily for them, the Nuggets have lost Chandler for a while.
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::till wensday   thats not awhile
Eric Frisk::This loss is unacceptable, you have to beat bad teams on the road.  New Orleans does not even belong on the same court.  Gasol had another strong outing.  Most underrated player in the NBA!
its1929again::Agreed.  I think this falls back on Z-Bo.  He almost cost them the game against OKC the other day with two 3 in the key calls.  He's needs to keep his head in the game all the damn time, not just when he feels like it.  Poindexter looks like he's back in training camp.  Just because you're called a "professional" doesn't mean you're not really an amateur at heart.  I wish everyone had Mark's persistence and will to win night in and night out.
its1929again::bench was 5 for 22 tonight and 5 of those were Bayless...rest of the bench had zero baskets
heatonomics::Pelicans just beat 2 playoff teams back to back. Your last two wins have been very impressive!!!
heatonomics::Holy Crap! Pelicans in the hizhouse!!!
whodattrackgeauxtigers::Hey Nuggets fans, you're welcome. This game just further proves that Anthony Davis is gonna be a superstar in this league. He will be on Durant/Lebron level in 4-5 years. BUT... This game really hurts our lottery chances. Gotta pick up some losses now. And to the Denver and Memphis fans, whichever one of you finishes 5th, PLEASE (PLEASE) kick the crud outta the Clippers in the first round.
Walter5184::i hate the clippers
Grindhouse2413::It will be us and you know we are going to try!! We have revenge on our minds from last year!
denvernuggs767::Wow, Grizzlies fans are so much better to talk to than all other fans. They aren't really mad at Denver fans for boasting!
Grindhouse2413::I am happy for you guys. Hope we can do some damage in the playoffs too. Going to be exciting for sure.
its1929again::Cause we're long-suffering fans, just like you.
BurnabyJoeFan::Well just make sure we aren't like Laker fans.  Can be glad.. Just don't be a DI@k
Grindhouse2413::Grizz players and fans made the classic mistake of looking past an NBA team with a bad record to the game against Boston. Losses like this make my stomach sick. Glad to be in the playoff run with talented teams all battling for the home court advantage. We will bounce back from this. I believe.
Grindhouse2413::This win means nothing to the Hornicans. Just playing for pride at this point. Memphis got abused on the boards and our bench played terrible. So much for DA making a positive impact returning from his injury. We got it within two and then let it slip away. Good win New Orleans. Lets bounce back guys tomorrow night at the Grindhouse against Boston.
its1929again::Doesn't matter what I say....Its just inconceivable to me that nobody stepped up tonight.  They need one leader to jerk some chains.
its1929again::Must win game for Boston....I predict Memphis lays another egg.
Grindhouse2413::Its a must win for us too man. Dont say that
RockyMountainWay1::Boston will probably get killed by the Griz
Grindhouse2413::Hope so.
Grindhouse2413::Denver is another team that hurts us on the glass.
RockyMountainWay1::The Nuggets outwork most teams on the glass unless its an off night for them
Jumeax::33 to 49, not often the Grizz get killed on the glass
RockyMountainWay1::Loving that 3rd seed, hope the Nuggets keep winning
BBKING82::Way to go Hornets!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  A BIG high 5 from a huge Nuggets fan.
guerillakush::respect there coach alot, and they have a hell of a squad.
guerillakush::lol hey man we try, people dont give our teams and this town enough credit, were only gonna get better next year. I like the nuggets, hope yall do well.
its1929again::If we had San Antonio type coaching, then you could say legitimate contenders.  I never see the Spurs loafing like Zach and company sometimes do.
BurnabyJoeFan::Let down for Memphis fans following the OKC win... What happened? I didn't get to see this game.
Walter5184::of coures. that's why i dumb gambler (redundant). grizzlied all spent aftrer beatin okc. lazy
its1929again::Lionel decided to take the night off from coaching again.
SouthStander132::Didn't see it either, but I am guessing something like Denver went thru last night. Let down by a young team after a big, emotional win.  We were missing Ty and Chandler though - not sure if Memphis was missing anyone.
frostno1998::If OKC beaten them the other night this would be even sweeter.  Nuggets control their own Destiny Now.
SouthStander132::That "3" looks BEAUTIFUL next to "Denver"
BurnabyJoeFan::I know right.  Not dissing Memphis, but Denver won 14 straight and didn't move in the standings.  Nice to jump two spots on an off night.
BurnabyJoeFan::It's payoff time
SouthStander132::Exactly!  We've been doing everything right - including beating Memphis, and not moving...
its1929again::Just zero excuse for tonight if your consider yourselves serious contenders for the title.  Would Miami lose to these chumps like this?  Grizzlies are just pretenders.  Grit N Grind really boils down to Can't Close Teams Out.  Should beat teams like this by 20 points, not lose by 7 if you have any pretensions about winning it all.
its1929again::Z-bo shows zero leadership...only real leader I think is Mark, and most of his teammates probably can't understand him half the time anyway.
SouthStander132::Let downs happen - especially to young teams after emotional wins.  Denver nearly lost at home to the 76ers last night.
BurnabyJoeFan::I agree... Not the first team to drop a game they should have won after beating a leading team.  It's a trap game.  It doesn't invalidate their whole season.
frostno1998::Not a lot Memphis fans with internet access I see : -)
guerillakush::but ya jack daniels and paul bunyon types dont use the net probably too much lol
guerillakush::thats not a southern thing cause us Nola folk hold it down on these sites my good sir haha
ESPNisBSN3WS::Finally!
Mike768114::Thank you NO....signed Denver Nuggets
EatMyDustinTheConquerer::Not bad Pelicans. Grizzlies laid an egg tonight. With your core, I wouldn't be surprised to see you guys in the playoffs in 2 or 3 years.
Manimal__35::Denver is thankful
guerillakush::well hey we havent won too many games this year so were thankful whenever we can help out at this point, unless your the hawks or the heat of course hehe
Deaneer32::So are the Clippers
its1929again::Grizzlies could easily finish 5h or worst and get a first round exit now.  This came will come back to bite them.
its1929again::how do Pelicans f&amp;ck?
bigbluenation90::wow people stop sleeping on the grizzlies
SouthStander132::Apparently the Grizzlies slept on the Pelicans
its1929again::If the Clippers are healthy, I think they win..Just trying to keep it real
Colorado Fan Man::I don't know. I think they would beat the Clips easily.
marco19188::stupid to say they will win easily
NFLFanFreak::Yay Thanks Pelicans
Rory McIlroy Wisdom Teeth::Spurs board..!!
CHIPS and SALSA83::see ya there
rr2300::The standings have changed.. i can go enjoy the snow and watch a movie.  NIGHT Nugget fans.
CHIPS and SALSA83::later
zach33671::His is Wat AD does with lillard mins
SdotPaul504::This guys gets it. Lillard almost plays 10 more minutes per game lol
JamesGetDownBrown::thanks to all the nuggs fans for helping this board get close to 500
RedRaider644::no problem
Colorado Fan Man::it was fun.
nnnnuuuuugggggeeeettttssss::anytime
rr2300::we try
CHIPS and SALSA83::your welcome
nnnnuuuuugggggeeeettttssss::Started from the bottom ( 0-3) Now we here (48-22) 3 seed bout time!
Pepiope::The great part is that now becoming the 3 seed...DEN has a new motive to keep the streak alive.
Pepiope::WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.  -Nugget fans
Colorado Fan Man::OK Pelicans, you've had your success this week, time to come back down to earth for the Nuggets game.
feeldabern::Grizzlies r a joke
bronxroxnugsavs::Peli-CANs.  Thank you for not doing a repeat of the LAL game
Rory McIlroy Wisdom Teeth::Kings will be tough tomorrow. They lead the league in scoring since the all star break with over 113 PPG. Nuggets better play D or we won't come back like yesterday..!!
bronxroxnugsavs::They scored about 130 in the 4th quarter against LAC
Colorado Fan Man::which King team shows up. Bizarro kings or 130 point kings?
bronxroxnugsavs::What if Jimmer gets hot?
Rory McIlroy Wisdom Teeth::Marcus Thornton can get hot quickly..!!
rr2300::THe kings blow.   Cousins will have a meltdown when the coach is calling for him to run back on D.
CHIPS and SALSA83::Lawson might be back so that could help
CHIPS and SALSA83::Hornets Win!
nbocheltree::Bye bye, Griz. Nuggets will take it from here.
tmoneyinmphs::Grizz played too much bs all night long.  Gotta credit pelicans for playing tougher than us.  Really an uncharacteristic and unprofessional showing by the grizz tonight.  Giving up all those offensive rebounds is just lame.  They could have easily won this game.
Rory McIlroy Wisdom Teeth::Good luck tomorrow vs C's..!!
Dr.Primate::Pelicans could be legit next year.
gt1master_ike::Not likely
rr2300::WTG Hornets.
its1929again::All Lionel does is scowl...he needs to learn how to coach too.
its1929again::Okay, he's good at not getting points when they count and he's good at not calling timeouts when he should.
JamesGetDownBrown::dude, what....?
SdotPaul504::We need Cle to teach us how to tank :(
