PKM::Rondo probably will just sit out the whole season.
Scott::The Atlantic division is horrible. The Nets were suppose to be battling Miami as the best team, and they are worse than last years Lakers. 1st place tame is under .500. People had Philly listed as a top team after 3 games and now they are under .500.  NY is pathetic. Boston is the only team doing about what was expected of them this year
brian::I don't see any real glaring weaknesses to exploit on these Rockets, especially at home. Celtics just have to give max effort, play tough, and make Dwight Howards life difficult out there. Of course, they have other guys who can beat you, but when you have Howard out there dominating that can really make it impossible to win..especially on the offensive boards. Then stay tight on those defensive rotations and keep those other guys like Harden out of the paint. Offensively, try to lure Howard out of the paint. Fortunately, the C's so called "bigs" are more mid-range shooters than anything. They might get those shots all day long, so hopefully the Celtics can just make those types of shots. Don't fall in love with the 3.
vic::I like TJones. his offense and defense are very good..With the team that has good passer like Lin, Harden and Parson... these team is becoming to be good contender..TJones is a good receiver and his movements in offense is putting Houston more dangerous..plus I think Harden is now beginning to learn how to pass and lessen his shots in the paint...
Be+::What's with the Lin dissing?  The guy is humble, works hard, & tries to live a good Christian life.  He embraces his opportunities and overcomes challenges with grace.
Mark::Master of the Obvious says - put in Marshon Brooks.  The Celtics need scoring since they can't play tough defense.
Max::Couldn't watch the game, but looking at the stats clearly shows Boston's bad defense and inability to score.  I'm not sure if this will extrapolate to other games, but it looks like Houston does best when they share the ball and spread their shots around.  Everyone but Jones took less than 10 shots (he was 83% from the field), and their FG%was 57%.   While I like the aggressiveness of Harden, I hate to see him taking 20 shots a game when he's less than 45%…clearly there are better shots to take that can help your team win.
Mj Oskar::Teams tanking are not very entertaining.
GoodLuck::If a player has a flaw in the game, its the coach's responsibility to do something about it. Harden's "hero" ball is costing the team opportunities to score. Where is McHale? Is he afraid to upset his star or is he ok with those selfish low percentage plays?
Rico M::Boston is denying any trade rumors about Rondo..Is Danny Ainge onto his old shenanigans again? Im sure Ainge will let him play a little to showcase Rondo's ability to be that same PG he was before the injury and then sit on his desk and wait for those calls from GMs all around the league to come in until he is guaranteed a few more 1st round picks before getting rid of him.
