rwilliams75::I give props to the Spurs. They are the only team in the West to beat Denver twice and split a series. Well done Spurs.
ooboh::The Spurs literally escaped.
Prometheus Guns::High altitude sickness must include excuses.  Denver 99 Spurs 100 , get over it.   It was one of our 54 wins and we are looking at the Clippers now, which you should be cheering us on.
Prometheus Guns::Respectfully, I look forward to it. We should have a healthy Parker and Neal by that time as well.   Should be a good game.
sbanuelo88::Don't forget we play again soon. We will be looking forward to beating you at our place with a healthier squad. And I will look forward seeing what you have to say then.
bostonceltics341::0-10 threes for the Nuggets.
RespectForTex::Never seen so many lame excuses...
nuggetzalltheway23::To bad we didn't have Lawson &amp; Chandler atleast 50%, Would have won by atleast 10.
Prometheus Guns::Yeah. And the Spurs didn't have their leading scorer,assist leader or mvp candidate at 100% either. Last time I check Chandler was still doing reverse dunks lastnight.  LOOK A WIN IS A WIN.
charlie hustle bets the over::Prometheus Guns - McGee could have went 0-18 in another 12 minutes for all you know, you're living in fantasy world.   ----------- dumbest statement this board has seen today,  congrats brotha.
Prometheus Guns::Denver 99 Spurs 100  Still hurts don't it?
sbanuelo88::Yeah until recently I didn't realize SA fans were so delusional and irrational. They sound like LA fans.
Playa_Haters_Club::I Don't Ever Wanna Hear "Tony Parker For MVP" Again......This Is Clearly Still Tim Duncan's Team
Prometheus Guns::Wait for the post season. Parkers numbers were off the charts this season, but hes still getting over his sprain.   Grade 2 sprains usually take 4-6 weeks, but he was back in 3 weeks.
Prometheus Guns::Remember when Denver sucked and they didn't have bandwagon fans. Good times. Oh and they still can't beat us.   Thats great you won 15. We won what 20 something last season in a row. Get over yourselves.
bikeboss::Denver already beat the Spurs earlier this season. They (basically) didn't have their primary shooter (Ty Lawson was obviously off from his usual self), didn't make a single 3-pointer the entire game, played at your house, had a ridiculous number of fouls called against them, and *still* came within a last minute missed bucket from beating the Spurs. I think it's more than safe to assume that yes, the Nuggets can beat the Spurs. They won't beat them every game, just as the Spurs won't beat the Nuggets every game.
charlie hustle bets the over::when did denver get bandwagon fans?
Prometheus Guns::until the hornets took you down and now your going away soon.
phattybumbum::no you didnt
charlie hustle bets the over::including postseason, they did.
Finkle my Einhorn::just took a huge Ty Lawson.. dont go in there for 35-45 minutes
Prometheus Guns::lol. and dropped a deuce of points lastnight too. LMAO!!!
Prometheus Guns::Grade 2 sprain. takes 4-6 weeks. He was back in 3. *AHEM* so shut up
charlie hustle bets the over::he's hurt. at least he didn't sit out 7 games *ahem tp9*
Finkle my Einhorn::calm down little man
sbanuelo88::Stupid
brena555::Too bad the officials slowed the game down so much with their whistle in the 2nd half.  Doubt the old spurs could of kept up otherwise.
Prometheus Guns::Wow. The Spurs are old. This one never gets......old.  Spurs have one starter over 30. We won. Get over it. Nuggets have excuse after excuse. Like the Melo charge on Manu at the end of a game 2 seasons ago. OMG you guys were crying so loud we could hear you in TX.
SuthernDandy::Blaming the ref AND calling the Spurs old. Two tried and true standbys.
Davethegeek::Ah yes.....the old standby of blaming the refs. Classic.
8486Chase::Go Talons
rynospurs21::Good news for the Nuggs, win your game Friday night and you will be back in 3rd.
sbanuelo88::To you idiot Spurs fans claiming Duncan dominated our entire team....  Mcgee 26min 10-11fg 1-1	ft 11rebounds 2stls	3blks 1to +14 21pts  Duncan 36min 9-18fg 5-6ft 14rebounds 1stl 5blks	3to's +14 23pts    So McGee had 2 less points. A better fg%. Almost as many rebounds in 10 minutes less. And a beautiful block on Timmay Duncan..... yeah total domination huh.... fools.
Ballastatus1::How many rings does McGhee have? ENOUGH SAID!
rynospurs21::Dont start sounding like Laker fans.
rynospurs21::Then why cant a 25 yr old play more than 24 minutes? Stamina? I like the guy. I think he has huge upside. He even has a back to the basket game which is rare in today's game. I just wonder why it is taking so long for him to be the starter and play starters minutes.
rynospurs21::Vucavic has shown this year that he will be a good player for Orlando for years. PHI gave him away for nothing. They would have made the playoffs if they would have just stayed put with their roster from last year.
charlie hustle bets the over::makes no sense to me either. did he play a single game this year?  the writing was on the walls, that kid's knees are done.
rynospurs21::He showed that he is a lot better player than Bynum last year in the playoffs. I still cant figure out why the 76ers gave away so much for that slow $@% scrub.
charlie hustle bets the over::that's on GK. mcgee is top 20 PER.  *plus he works better with miller coming off the bench
Prometheus Guns::Who said, "dominated entire team".  Guess what, he still out performed any one else on your team in POINTS, REBOUNDS, AND BLOCKS.   If McGee is so great, then why don't you play him more? Why did you lose if he's so awesome?  McGee is 25, and Duncan is 36.  Duncan still outperformed him.   What say you now?
charlie hustle bets the over::sbanuelo88  That is who said it. If Karl played McGee those minutes he would have better stats than Duncan. Look at it Per Minute at McGee outperformed him. ---------------- they won't listen to logic.  they'll just tell tales of the time the their team blew out the nuggets by 1 pt on their home court in San Antonio.
Prometheus Guns::McGee could have went 0-18 in another 12 minutes for all you know, you're living in fantasy world.   A win is a win. Get over it, Denver never beats us.
sbanuelo88::truetotheend2.0  "Duncan pretty much dominated the entire Denver front line. It wasn't even close."  That is who said it. If Karl played McGee those minutes he would have better stats than Duncan. Look at it Per Minute at McGee outperformed him.
rynospurs21::That is what i wanted to know. That is the reason for his limited minutes? It is probably even worse at that altitude. I would loved to have him starting next to TD if the Spurs could have gotten him in FA last year.
charlie hustle bets the over::well he has asthma.  if you go per-36 minutes stats, it's pretty obvious tim did not outperform him.  (not to say that he wouldn't if he were in his prime, obviously)
truetotheend2.0::And still lost
Prometheus Guns::Really? because last time I checked you still dropped to fourth after the game, or am I missing something???  Duncan still lead in Points, Rebounds, and Blocks for the game.
charlie hustle bets the over::that stat trumps all, unfortunately.
Prometheus Guns::I wont lie as a Spurs fan. Denver is peaking at the right time.   I would like Denver to be the #3 seed and us to maintain the #1 seed. This way OKC and Denver can beat the crap out of each other for 7 games in the Semi's. We could play the fools gold Clippers or the injury hobbled Care Bears.
rynospurs21::I agree. I think the off play is just TP coming back and Neal missing off the bench. Don't underestimate Neal. Another shooter off the bench that turns close games into blowouts when he is hot. Everybody should gel over the last 11 games plus the Fakers in the first round.
charlie hustle bets the over::lol care bears nice
Prometheus Guns::Nuggets 0-10 in 3 pointers. Danny Green 6-8 in 3 pointers.   AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!
charlie hustle bets the over::hasn't been our strength all year one game i think we set a futility record 0-22 from 3.
truetotheend2.0::When McGhee turns 36 I gurantee he will not b in the league and nobody will remember who he is.   Now Duncan, no explanation needed. Just watch and enjoy
brena555::Sampson was a head case that never could deal with the mental aspect of the game.  He was never effective in the NBA.
luvnbayes::I agree completely with truetotheend on this one.  "Great" athletes don't last long in this league, once they're athleticism slides they have to rely on fundamentals, which they are lacking.  Ralph Sampson is a great example, once he couldn't dominate with his athleticism he was gone.  Ditto Clyde Drexler, and many others.
rynospurs21::More liek 100X the IQ.
charlie hustle bets the over::haha maybe. mcgee has improved immensely since his wiz days.  got tons of faith in the kid.
charlie hustle bets the over::tim has 10x the discipline and 5x the IQ. mcgee is 10x the athlete.  no reason mcgee won't still be in the league, especially if advances in medical science can help him with his asthma.
rynospurs21::No worries Nuggs fans. The Spurs will get you back into the 3rd spot after Friday nights game and that 2nd round matchup with OKC.
NOVABuffalo::Great regular reason NBA game and I'm glad Spurs came out on top.  I don't understand how losing a close game implies Denver would "win a 7 game series" - stuff that makes me laugh
rvega83::Well said my friend.
Alpine2285::There's no doubt Denver takes a 7 game series between these two teams, I just don't think I can can handle watching the Spurs for 7 games, that team is like nails on a chalk board.  I don't think it will get to that though, one of the two won't be around for the WCF
brena555::When you look at how the officials have been calling games in the past couple of weeks, at least for the Nuggets games, they have been letting both teams play.  If that happens in the playoffs, I'd take the Nuggets in a series with the Spurs.  If the officials slow it down, as they did in the second half of this game, they are the only ones who stop the Nuggets in a series with SA.  I like the spurs, Pop, and their game, but they are old and slow and would be worn out by a series with the Nugs.  Lets see what happens when these two play again, on Denver's court, before seasons end.
rynospurs21::Dotn worry about that. It would only go 4 or 5 games in a Spurs win anyway.
rvega83::In a series against the Spurs, no way Denver can hang. I would say SA in 5.
charlie hustle bets the over::you have to be joking. you barely pull out a 1 pt win at home vs a nuggets with a hurt ty.  you'd be fortunate to see a 7 game series.
SPURZWARS::Nails on chalkboard describes you love life just as well
NOVABuffalo::Agree there is no doubt you are incorrect
AustinSpursFan84::Awww, you don't like good team basketball? We all feel so sorry for you. All of us. No, really.
luvnbayes::Since I ripped Green a new one for his timid pursuit of the ball in the last few seconds of the Houston game (which I still stand by), I feel like I need to praise him for last night's last play.  If he didn't rotate as quickly as he did to prevent the pass to the cutting McGee, I think McGee dunks one more time near the buzzer and Denver wins.  Great play Danny, a winning play.
brena555::Unfortunately, with Lawson being hurt, Miller has had to play far to many minutes the past 4 games and he really wasn't all that good in this game.  And in my opinion, the ball should of been in Wilson Chandler's hands at the end as he is the Nuggets best at getting to the basket since he has started playing more after getting healthy.  Spurs play great D, as good as anyone, but Miller was NOT the one who should of taken that last shot.
Prometheus Guns::Yeah. It was huge.   Andre Miller played so well then he just held onto the ball. Parker was all over him to.   If you rewatch that play. Greene, Parker and Kwahi were all incredible.
luvnbayes::Geez, someone who appreciates the little things that wins games.  Pro -- thank you thank you.  And yes, Kwahi also rotated (though I would expect that out of him) and Parker forced Miller into a super tough shot.
rynospurs21::6 of 8 from 3 is a little impressive too.
truetotheend2.0::Duncan pretty much dominated the entire Denver front line. It wasn't even close. The Spurs have evolved and maintain their winning ways and Denver fans continue to make excuses
rvega83::Wow, comparing Duncan to M. Gasol?? Really??? And yes, he's a considered a PF.
luvnbayes::Best kept secret in the league.  At age 36 Duncan is the best center in the league (with the possible exception of Marc Gasol).
charlie hustle bets the over::...  isn't he a PF?
Alpine2285::what game was this guy watching, McGee had his way with old man Duncan
truetotheend2.0::Stats and the W prove otherwise. Oh yeah, Denver is on a 2 game skid and still looking up to the Spurs
sbanuelo88::uh... did you see McGee play at all. need I remind you of McGee's block on Duncan? Or the countless dunks he had?
Prometheus Guns::Yeah. More points, more blocks, more rebounds and he 11 years older.   When McGoober is 36. Let me know how he's doing. Hell, just compare their averages this season.  Simple point: YOU CANNOT TALK SHI$% ABOUT TIM "4 RINGS" DUNCAN
sbanuelo88::Mcgee 26min 10-11fg  1-1	ft  11rebounds  2stls	3blks  1to  +14	21pts Duncan 36min   9-18fg   5-6ft  14rebounds  1stl  5blks	3to's +14	23pts  So McGee had 2 less points. A better fg%. Almost as many rebounds in 10 minutes less..... McGee wins.
Prometheus Guns::Go ahead and compare Duncan and McGoobers stats. Yeah...I'll wait.
Alpine2285::It was pretty obvious watching the game last night that Denver's a better team with much more upside, this may the Spurs last legitimate chance at a run.
brena555::I think that's the official NBA's line actually, just look at how games are called, and sorry to say, but the Spurs aren't Stern's pick for another title, so good luck with that fantasy.
luvnbayes::To quote the great Bill Russell.  "The better team ALWAYS wins.  That's why they keep score."   Now that's pretty obvious.
truetotheend2.0::Join the rest who say that every season. Denver has ben saying they are the better team for years but get shown the door evwry time. NEXT
Alpine2285::Anyone else sick of seeing Iggy take it to the hole and dish almost everytime? That guy has played timid on offense all year
diehardnr1::yes yes yes....Iggy fits this team perfectly if he would just attack the rim more...but trying to remain an outside shooter and unselfish facilitator in the lane is NOT what the Nuggets need him to do
rvega83::Its over guys. Accept the loss and move on. Miami, like Denver, will now probaby lose a few games after their streaks.
truetotheend2.0::The spurs r in position to take the lead and make some noise
Davethegeek::Aren't they already in the lead?
Alpine2285::Green is a Nugget killer! that guy always seems to shoot lights out vs Denver. Killer stat: Denver 0-10 from 3pt range Spurs 10-15 .......ball game
brena555::Any team shooting 3's is a Denver killer - has always been the downfall of Karl's Nuggets teams.  His switch defense leaving bigs on small guards is the way all teams take advantage of the Nuggets.  Big's drop off, and leave the 3 wide open.  I guarantee you thats what good 3 point shooting teams game plan when getting ready to play the Nuggets.  They aren't likely to win the title this year, but they are way more fun to watch than the Kobes or the LeBrons prima dona acts.
Alpine2285::I guess you're right
KatelynFabersLawyer211::The fact that no team wanted him and he's now shooting, like, 45% from 3 does qualify him as somewhat of a diamond-in-the-rough.
charlie hustle bets the over::that's on gallo again. green was his man for most of the 3 bombs.
Alpine2285::that's all that guy does, nothing else special about his game that would give him "diamond" status, very average player if he's not shooting open 3's
KatelynFabersLawyer211::He's been light's out from 3 for the last 2 or 3 months now. Another diamond-in-the-rough for Buford and Co.!
charlie hustle bets the over::RedfieldDominance - Am I the only one who saw McGee wide open on the pick and roll and Gallo just passed him up and picked up the dribble?  JaVale only missed 1 shot the whole night and wasnt being guarded by a big, he would have dunked it to finish the game!  saw the exact. same. thing.  infuriating
If Yur Not 1st Yur Last::A couple plays before Gallo made a great pass from almost the exact spot to Mcgee for a dunk... I'm more disappointed that Gallo didn't drive when he got Splitter switched to him. He drove and drew the foul the last TWO times..  Orrrrrrrrr, he could have taken the jumper, he was in the same spot he made it the last TWO TIMES!! whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!
diehardnr1::I do not think his teammates trust him enough yet.  Gallo SHOULD have made the pass but was probably seeing a weird angle dunk attempt going awry...  but YES he should have passed it...
KatelynFabersLawyer211::Yep. If that were Iggy at the top of the key with the ball in his hands instead of Gallinari, he would have made that pass, even though Green came over to help on McGee pretty quickly.
rgcctx::That is the way it goes. Good game by both teams last night. Nuggets will be a tough out for anyone in the playoffs, but Spurs will beat any team in a 7 game series and win the west..
Alpine2285::I saw it too....bummer for sure
bucknjnr11::This is a great sign for the Nuggets...your starting PG and probly best player is out and you take San Antonio to the wire in SA. Its an encouraging loss at least
diehardnr1::been telling myself the same thing about the LAL playoff loss last year..."At least we took them to 7 games" just isn't cutting it anymore.  Tired of moral victories....
diehardnr1::one was season ending...this one was 2 seed dreams ending.  "kinda" the same...except DEN can build off this latest moral victory sooner... imho. as tentative as Ty played Nuggets would have been better served to let the heel get 100%
bucknjnr11::Totally different tho...of course you want to win that game but without Ty I expected to get beat by 10+
diehardnr1::Its a shame DEN cannot get up for lottery teams like they do for contenders.  WAS,MIN,TOR,NO....ALL teams DEN should have beaten handily, but showed up flat for.  To put it in perspective...IF Nuggets had won those games, then last nights game was for the 1 seed...chew on that
KatelynFabersLawyer211::Trust me, they've got the same problems(all elite teams sometimes have trouble getting up against bad teams), but I guess they've been able to eke out a few more victories in these situations than the Nuggets.
diehardnr1::having a Big3 with years of familiarity is definitely a help.   I guess I am being too hard on the Nuggets...take away Miller and they ARE the youngest NBA team...so hopefully Uriji and Kroenke jr keep this team together and let the chemistry build
KatelynFabersLawyer211::Well, we lost at home to the Suns and got blown out at home by the Blazers, so it works both ways.
diehardnr1::but Spurs do not have that problem on a nightly basis...DEN does.  Without some altitude help they could have added 5 or 6 more to their "shoulda won" list. Must be a coaching thing...to always come out flat vs "inferior" teams...sigh
A faixa azul::These dang Denvers are some basketball playin sob's. Im sure the Spurs are a better team, &amp; should win a best of 7, but I definatly dont wanna have to go through these guys in the playoffs. They will no doubt be a tough out.
luvnbayes::Multiple Spur fans were saying yesterday that Blair has to play, to which I say:  are you out of your minds?  SA got outscored by 11 in the 7 brief minutes Blair played last night, and Blair for the season is only better than De Colo in the +/- category.  As soon as Blair comes in a game it turns into a layup/dunk fest at the other end.  If he plays in the playoffs I will go crazy.
KatelynFabersLawyer211::I cannot stomach another SECOND of Pop playing Blair and Diaw at the same time. Either Splitter or Duncan ALWAYS have to be on the floor in order for the Spurs to compete against upper-echelon teams.
luvnbayes::Agreed.  And last year he would play Blair with Bonner.  Another invitation to go play volleyball at our rim.
diehardnr1::Kudos to Pop for not resorting to the embarrassing Hack a JaVale strategy.  I lost a LOT of respect for one of the best coaches of all time during that game.  Oh...kudos to Javale for improving his FT shooting as well...
puhleezho::one point loss in SA with arguably the most important player on your team hobbled and playing 19 minutes is a very good sign.  A playoff series with SA would be a toss up IMO.
KatelynFabersLawyer211::Well, we didn't have Gary Neal so that evened it out(just kidding)!
thedrwolff::Spurs have second game in a row decided on a last shot.  One to houston....one to Denver.  SA last second shots have been taken by Timmy D in both games.  He bricked both short.   One game we win. one we lose
KatelynFabersLawyer211::It looked like he rushed that shot last night. That's not his style; he typically has a pretty slow wind-up.
el_dude00::Next time I hear a Lakers fan talk about how they will make noise in the playoffs, I'd love to show them this game. the Lakers don't play nearly as hard as these teams do. Denver will beat you up and I expect them to make a deep run in the playoffs. Go Spurs.
RedfieldDominance::Spurs fans should all send letters and donations to the NBA referee association today, they gave you guys a huge gift last night.
RedfieldDominance::The 3rd quarter was an embarrassment to the sport of basketball.  The fouls called were completely one sided, if Spurs fans cannot see how much the refs helped them last night they are blind!  If we had gotten calls both ways in the 3rd denver wins this game, no doubt.
SouthStands::Calls do not win or lose games. Denver had a chance at the end.  Calls get made and missed in every game...I'm disappointed about the loss just as you are, but let's give credit where it is due as well...the Spurs are a great team.
diehardnr1::agree SouthStands....but you must know by now that I rarely gripe about the refs costing a game.  I just thought the 3rd Q was a little sickening and felt the need to say something.    Even mild-mannered Karl got fed up and Td up
el_dude00::They blew calls both ways. There was a travel not called on Miller late that should have been, JeVale loves the moving screen, and don't get me started on the clear outs with off hands that were everywhere. But I agree, the officials really stunk last night...both ways.
RedfieldDominance::There is a difference between blown calls and blatantly calling the game two different ways on the different ends, we touch them at all its a foul in the 3rd quarter, they maul us and it is either a no call or offensive.  Go back and watch, it is blatant.
KatelynFabersLawyer211::Even if the Spurs were the beneficiaries of a few more questionable calls than the Nuggets, I'm not apologizing for it. The Spurs routinely get disrespected by the punk-a$$ ref$.
8486Chase::My dream is gonna come true
SouthStands::Great game last night! Hated the ending, but that was one heck of a contest!  To be the best, you have to beat the best. Denver is knocking on the door, but San Antonio proved they still (deservedly) are on top of the hill in the Western Conference.
SouthStands::I agree 100%!  ...that said, I have to give San Antonio all the credit from last night. The play was (apparently) drawn up for Gallinari. The Spurs locked Gallinari down and Denver just ran out of time. Miller did the best he could in that circumstance.
diehardnr1::Gallo is a problem right now....agreed.   Needs to send his mom home imo
RedfieldDominance::Am I the only one who saw McGee wide open on the pick and roll and Gallo just passed him up and picked up the dribble?  JaVale only missed 1 shot the whole night and wasnt being guarded by a big, he would have dunked it to finish the game!
SouthStands::Exactly right...
charlie hustle bets the over::gallo had no reason to pick up his dribble, either.  we were fortunate enough for miller to even get in the paint.
diehardnr1::until someone besides Miller has the ball for last shot DEN will continue to lose close games to good teams.  Love Dre in his role, but Mr Clutch hes not...
diehardnr1::I also remember the clanking 3 he chucked up.   My point was that Miller should not be asked to do something that is totally out of his wheel house. problem is, ALL of the Nuggets CAN make a last second shot but NONE of them can do it on a nightly basis
charlie hustle bets the over::lol not you, diehard  but fortunately we don't really have to worry about that too often. nuggets won games by an average of 10+ during the streak. with a healthy ty, last night's game would have had a entirely different complexion.
Sonic_Sooner::Of course I do.  And I remember Lawson beating the Thunder with a last second shot a few weeks ago.  But neither of those guys are a go-to scorer in a one-possession, win/lose scenario.
charlie hustle bets the over::dude don't you remember this game?  http://espn.go.com/nba/recap?id=400278580  miller won that game.
Sonic_Sooner::But the lack of a "closer" has always been the Nuggets problem (since the Carmelo trade).  It was a win/win situation for the Thunder, but I found myself pulling for the Nuggets.
amsmith965::ESPN's love affair wtih the Heat is now approaching a laughable status.   Denver and SA are 2 of the best teams in the entire league, they have an unbelievable game and it doesn't even get a bi-line on the home page.    However, the Heat's completely meaningless streak ending is the lead story?   These guys are a joke.   I CANNOT WAIT UNTIL FOX GETS THEIR SITE UP AND RUNNING!!!
I hate Jerry Jones::Lebron whining about "the flagrant fouls" against him is almost as nauseating as diehardnr1 b.itching about the officiating in the SPURS win last night.
diehardnr1::almost...  Spurs are great....been robbed for the last few years...Spurs will win next 8 despite the refs always going against them...  Feel better now? (Dude...go watch the 3rdQ again please...just called a spade a spade)
charlie hustle bets the over::great game.  from start to finish.  miller had a chance, simply missed the layup.  hope to see the spurs in the playoffs at some point.  gg
I hate Jerry Jones::I don't want to see the Nuggets..I hope they match up against OKC and those two teams batter the hell out of each other.
I hate Jerry Jones::Q to Spurs fans: Can you hold off OKC...considering the brutal upcoming stretch for SAS?    Your team might be better served going in as the 2 and avoiding the "playoff charmed" LaLas...just sayin.. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  the SPURS are licking their chops at the thought of a first round bye (match up against the Lakers)....this team will do whatever it takes to hold on to the #1 seed.    To suggest the SPURS fear the Lakers is completely ridiculous. LOL
diehardnr1::seems like I hear this a couple of years ago before the MEM series
8486Chase::Go Spurs Go! Next Stop, riverwalk!!!
MijoMartinez::SPURS FANS... TO THE CLIPPER BOARD!!!   Seriously guys, there's only like 8 people there and I'm pretty sure one of them is a cat.
DalvinSplit::Be there in second  !
diehardnr1::Q to Spurs fans:  Can you hold off OKC...considering the brutal upcoming stretch for SAS?  Your team might be better served going in as the 2 and avoiding the "playoff charmed" LaLas...just sayin
I hate Jerry Jones::the SPURS are licking their chops at the thought of a first round bye (match up against the Lakers)....this team will do whatever it takes to hold on to the #1 seed.  To suggest the SPURS fear the Lakers is completely ridiculous.  LOL
MijoMartinez::Can they? Yes. Will they? Pop loves resting the starters so no clue what he's got going on in that head.Wouldn't surprise me if he's planning &amp; prepping for his 1st round match-up (winning/tanking games) rather than actually playing the games at the end of the season.
diehardnr1::-crickets-  This must be a sore subject and a huge worry in San An
diehardnr1::I give props to Pop and Spurs for redefining themselves....who woulda thought that the "boring" Spurs would morph into a fun team?  Good job on picking up great 3point shooters to compensate for the aging legs of the Big 3. Pop could take the local YMCA team and turn it into a playoff team.  ps. I do not hate the Spurs...even given the history with DEN...sorry about not keeping my mouth shut about the 3rdQ...just HAD to say something.
DalvinSplit::Not really .No team stand chance in 7 games series against Spurs this year ! WEST or EAST !!
Mastadon-person::spurs bench for the past two- 3 seasons has been one of the best, but now it seems everytime the starters go off the court with a lead it seems the bench gives it all up- idk wtf happened, i think it might have something to do with tiago being a starter....
I hate Jerry Jones::we need Neal back, and Manu has been awful offensively.  The only props I can give Manu is he plays tenacious D and he always seems to hit the critical shot (last nights 3) when it's crunch time.  Somewhere though, he has got to be more productive offensively or we're in trouble.
ravmya68::"MANU"  where did he go??
diehardnr1::they instilled the Flop Rule in the NBA?  Floppo is the only Spur I really dislike...
DalvinSplit::Lack of production  : Ginobili ,Jackson,Niel &amp; Diaw
ravmya68::Parker is the MVP and its a good time to be a spurs fan ,, we get to celibrate all the way to a championship.
DalvinSplit::Yes ,time to tune up and warm up engine for long playoffs run. All the way to # 5 Championship.
MijoMartinez::Blaming the refs/stern/gravity/hotdogs actually helps you win more games.  I peronally blame the mascots.
MijoMartinez::I still blame the Coyote, I miss that goofy b@st3rd.
diehardnr1::good one....  you are right...nothing will change in this league no matter how many fans complain....and all the complaining in the world will never change a final score.  GG Spurs (again)
DalvinSplit::HAHAHA good one !  By all means GO SPURS GO !!
DalvinSplit::Denver is very good jung team ,and will have bright future.But they are not Champion ship team jet .I think they need one player  " Go to guy " to be Champion ship team. I am Spurs fan and that was very  good game  last night against Denver. By both teams.
diehardnr1::thanks...and I agree DEN needs a go-to guy....or a new coach  ;-)  One positive thing to say about Spurs...At least Pop did not use that embarrasing Hack A JaVale strategy this game....I lost a lot of respect for Pop that game...
diehardnr1::he is a great regular season coach...agreed.   But when its all on the line he stumbles again and again and again.  Karl has been blessed with having huge talent his entire career and just cannot figure out how to close out games in the playoffs...sad but true
DalvinSplit::Karl is very good coach as well !!!
diehardnr1::Look...seems like you guys think I always complain about refs....that is as far away from the truth as it gets...I usually go out of my NOT to blame them.  Please watch the 3rd Q again...then comment.   Like I said in first post...it was so one sided that I cannot NOT comment on it.  GL and see you guys in DEN when Nuggets even the season series...
RedfieldDominance::It was disgraceful watching the refs hand them the 3rd quarter.  Truly blatant favoritism on display.
diehardnr1::thank you...I was starting to feel like a conspiracy theorist.... I usually feel like refs are a necessary evil...but not when so out of whack
