Andrew Ticho::John Henson should be playing >30 minutes every game.
Mark Mattson::let's see how many bad jumpers jennings and smith can throw up tonight.  pistons should still win, though
Ryan McGonigle::Why is Henson not starting and playing at least 30 min/game?? Is coach Drew an idiot??
Alex Barker::The bucks shot chart looks like someone drew a treasure map for a jewellery store. smh
Dan Radmer::I didn't think the Bucks would be good, but I never thought they'd be this bad.
Daren P. Hill::I don't even know where to begin in describing the institutional and systemic incompetence of the Bucks Franchise. What's interesting to me is this head coach, in his first year with the team, with 11 new players...seems to have already lost them. Is that possible?! I'm sorry but Mike D'antoni is doing more with less in LA. Seriously, look at that roster. Xavier Henry? Jordan Farmar? Jordan Hill? Steve Blake? All playing big minutes. These guys are winning games in the West. Our roster is garbage, but seriously, what the hell is Larry Drew doing? Can't get rotations right. Can't settle on a lineup. Can't decide of GIannis will play or not. Can't get his team to score more than 72 points at home to Charlotte?
Paul Voelz::Doesn't help that they have been plagued with injuries. I thought they were gonna be pretty decent this year, I liked the roster...but oh well...
Cornelius Cornell Grimes::we need Detroit to play 60 min of defense.  No let down just because they're. Playing Milwaukee. Buck
Deborah Davis::Luv u cuz
Kong Vaj::Bucks are tanking, but I'd like to see em beat Brick Jennings a couple times this season.
Jacob Dockter::ever think jennings sucked because he was on the bucks? Look at Monta Ellis, guy is an elite guard.
Kong Vaj::Ellis no doubt is a stud, last year watching him play, his game is complete. Numbers don't tell everything. That said, Jennings on the other side, sucks.
Clayton Neal::Jennings just plain sucks.  He shoots horrible and thinks he's way better than he is.  In a recent interview he even stated in his first few years (milwaukee years) he wasn't focused on basketball.  What a clown a guy like that is a cancer to any team and he is obviously very selfish
Jason Peters::FINALLY...A parlay thats a NO DOUBT A BOUT ER...!
Geoff Starling::I really dont like Jennings. I love his natural talent, but his game is horrible. Has he ever scored a basket in the paint in the halfcourt?  5 of 10 shooting is his high water mark. Wow. 13 assists, but he dominates the ball for the shot clock and makes the finishing pass to good bigs. Go look at the offensive efficiency of Detroit on the season with Jennings vs. without him. Pistons O is way more efficient without him so far... and O is the strong part of his game. Just because a PG gets an assist doesnt mean the team cant get them on their own. Jennings cant score in the halfcourt, period, at least without taking a bad shot to do it. That is not a good thing for a ball dominant PG.
Paul Voelz::They're averaging 98 ppg, even if he makes them slightly worse in terms of efficiency that's still a high mark. He's ball dominant, but he's been setting up his big men pretty well and getting them easy shots. That's all you can ask for from your PG. You're taking these stats too serious. If the Pistons start ripping off some wins, get over .500 and show they'll be one of the better East teams. Is it gonna matter that Jennings is inefficient? as long as they win it's all good to me. And when he's on a roll he's really fun to watch.
Clayton Neal::So many problems going on with the Bucks.  Why is Ridnour not starting?  How is Zaza only getting 1 rebound?!! Henson should get more minutes, as well as Gianis.  I hope it's not true but sometimes it seems like these guys are just not playing with any heart. I say try and trade Knight right now for another decent post player to help with the boards.  If you don't get rebounds you will not win basketball you MUST control the rebounding.  Ridnour and Wolters can handgle the PG position
Jake Gibbs::Bucks should be tanking. They've been stuck drafting in the mid to late lottery.  Tough to find allstars in the draft when you are drafting near the top.  James #1, Bosh #4, Wade #5.  Durant #2, Harden #2, Westbrook #3.  Tim Duncan #1. KG #5.  Even the 2004 Pistons Billups #3, Wallace #4, Hamilton #7.
Justin Nixon::umm Detroit didn't draft any of those Pistons buddy
Guy Burns::His point is all-stars typically come in the top 10 in the draft. I do think the Bucks stole one from Detroit in Middleton. I still think Knight could be a very good PG too. Jennings is one of the best ball handlers in the league, but his game is so hit or miss and he has no discipline or D. Knight will never be a star, but I could see him being a very efficient, good starter with a little more growth and confidence. He's bigger, strong, and more explosive than Jennigns and can get his shot off with out jacking up off-balance garbage and he can score in the paint some, Jennings cant at all.
Justin Nixon::Guy Burns why are you giving us a scouting report on players we know about? My point was that Detroit acquired those players, so they were technically not built through the draft.. they drafted Darko
Mark Mattson::someone tell josh smith he is never allowed to shoot another jump shot or he forfeits a week's pay.  he is really good off the dribble and makes some really good passes but he has got to be the worst jump shooter i have ever seen
Jake Gibbs::Better Smith than Drummond or Monroe or Pope or Jennings taking a jumper.
Mark Mattson::Jake Gibbs - jennings is a better shooter than smith, which is scary because brandon isn't very good.  i would rather see monroe in the post than smith shooting a jumper
Jake Gibbs::Mark Mattson Nope.
Andrew Gregory Kragt::Lol @ Jennings halftime interview.  "Just keep pouring it on 'em like we have been. We're up what 30 now?  We're trying to push that up to 60."  If only he could bring this fire and hatred for the other team every night.
Guy Burns::The problem with Jennings is he doesnt score a single point within the offense. All his shots are off-balance forced jacks, so how do you ever play off him in the half court? We get good ball movement, the ball gets kicked back to jennings and he either a) cant get his shot off or b) cant make an on-balance shot to save his life or c) cant drive and score at the rim at all. Love his ball handling and quicks, but I'm not sold on him. Maybe if he was at least passable at Defense, but nope, horrific there too.
Andrew Gregory Kragt::Guy Burns The defense and off balance shots irritate me for sure.  I'm not sold on him or Smith either.  Their defense is suspect and they shoot alot of jumpers.  Both can pass really well, I wish they'd do that more.  Hope they can become more consistent and better decision makers.
Paul Voelz::Andrew Gregory Kragt - I think Jennings has been doing fine so far. He's playing his usual game, and that's what you want. Pistons got him for his scoring ability, ball handling, quickness, for a reason. Yeah he has shot selection issues, make bad decisions sometimes. But you gotta live with it with some players because they do other positive things. Jennings has been dishing the rock like a mad man this year, with low turnovers. He's still young, and under the right tutelage can became a very good PG in this league. I like what he's done so far, 3 games in row with 10+ assist, I mean I think Knight only had 3 games like that all last year.
Ruth Miller::Detroit will be scary once the players get acclimated to playing with each other. The front line alone is huge and athletic.
Nashon Notyourtypicalsmith::This is how the Pistons should function....regardless of the opponent. This type of effort and energy should be there on a nightly basis!
Jake Gibbs::Jennings vs. Middleton tonight. Middleton is gonna be a nice off the bench scoring option for a good team down the road.  He doesn't do much else though.
Justin Nixon::definitely could see that.. probably won't be here through the rebuild or the denial rebuild
Mark Mattson::if jennings played this hard and smart every night he would be a good player...unfortunately this is the exception with him and not the rule.
Jake Gibbs::His 3's are just falling tonight.  That's the only thing different.
Paul Voelz::Jennings is having a career year in terms of assist, and ranked 7th in the league after this gameat 8.4. People judging him based on his Bucks years are being too hard on him. He's still young, this his 5th season and he's still growing as a player and has loads of potential to get better. Not every players hit their stride in their first few years, some take 4-5 years before they really starting showing a complete game.
Kong Vaj::Same ol' me-first jennings.  Good job bucks on the loss, let's try and win some too, the worse team doesnt usually get the first pick.
Paul Voelz::Yep, 5-10 shooting with 13 assist, sounds like a "me first" player to me... #hatersgonnahate
Kong Vaj::You watch the game or the numbers?
Paul Voelz::Kong Vaj - Both
Brent B Jacoby::jennings had great game!!! SO MUCH BETTER THAN BRANDON KNIGHT ITS UNREAL!!! KNIGHT SUCKS!!!
Timothy J. Casey::Only like Knight's 3rd complete game of the season and the first all around good game Jennings has had as a Piston.
Brent B Jacoby::Timothy J. Casey jennings has had a ton of game with high assists and low turnovers. knight  could never even dream of having a high assist game even with all his turn overs. even though jennings shot has not fallen consistently , knight cannot shoot a good field goal percentage either. i think ill take jennings (I have personally watched knight for many years)
Timothy J. Casey::I'm not saying Knight is better, because atm he's def not. But,his career fg% is higher than Jennings and he had a few 20 and 10 games last season himself under a terrible coach. He isn't all bad and, with the right coaching and/or mentoring, could become a quality pg.
Mark Mattson::the pistons will do just well enough this year to miss out on a good pick and just bad enough to miss the playoffs.  /facepalm
Jake Gibbs::Nope.  But see, the Pistons start missing shots and you mood swings violently.
Tony Ellis::What's the deal with Ilyasova? He hasn't done crap all year. He was the same way at the beginning of last season.
Justin Nixon::all year? he missed the first half of the games with injuries and is still dealing with injuries now
Tony Ellis::Justin Nixon no, he played a few games at the beginning of the season before getting injured, missed a few games, and now he's back.
Justin Nixon::Tony Ellis my bad, you're right.. but I still think he's not fully healthy and hasn't got into any real rhythm
Tony Sapsford::Okay Bucks this won't be the easiest game to lose, it's going to take a team effort. Remember you're doing it for Dante Exum.
Jake Gibbs::The only thing different about the Pistons tonight is that their shots are falling.  That's it.
Mark Mattson::not even close to the truth.  tonight, especially early, they were driving the lane and pounding the ball into the paint.  that frees up open shots on the perimeter.  they are a good team when they do that.  when things go south it is usually bad turnovers and stupid forced jumpers that cost them.
Jake Gibbs::Mark Mattson They're knocking shots down.  That's the only difference, and the fact they are playing a defensively disinterested team.  Jose Iglesias got waived.
Mark Mattson::Jake Gibbs - DD wouldn't waive the runner-up for ROY, and the pistons are playing differently tonight.  if you can't tell that then you are blind.  they are looking to penetrate much more and they are playing with effort on D.  ya, the bucks suck, but detroit is also playing harder and smarter than they have shown this year.
Andrew Fuehring::No, I want the Bucks to win, they don't deserve to draft a superstar, he'll just leave you guys anyways.
Justin Nixon::cool thoughts
Jason Peters::The Bucks must have their eyes on one of my Jayhawks...Embiid or Wiggins?  I would take EMbiid.
