kb501847::#BroadStBeat: One. Two. Three, Four, Five. Six Game Losing Streak http://t.co/XcbKW68Wtd check us out on twitter: @broadstbeat
Jacol84::Seems like Doug's frustration level has hit a new high.  The team (at least some of the one year rentals) have tuned him out.  After the comments last week about Bynum, I'd guess he'd be on that list too.  Best coach the 6ers have had for a while, but it is turning bad.  Feels a lot like the last 2 years of Eagles football.  Going downhill and in need of a change.
Louis the III::the magic have the most D-leaugish roster in the NBA
Victoryisallmine::If only the Magic could play the 76ers every night...
Kuunamatata::Holy $@%! we actually won a game.
colobr731::I like JJ Redick and all, but damn I wanted Tobias to work out on the Bucks.
kennyx4::Doug Collins is done.
dave19741997::Pretty pathetic 6ers, losing to my Magic.
PurdueUniversityCO2016::E'twaun Moore first career double double :D
sponsoredbytwinkie::wonder if Orlando fans are yapping about getting Tobias now
Navy Squid45::Go Magic!!!
chazzzzz1965::Wow our young draft picks are doing awesome ....just not for us.
Linda33763::Will someone please ask doug why every player is aloud to make a mistake and still play BUT NICK YOUNG.
Mumu8833::I would rather ask him why we got Young in the first place...
Linda33763::Will someone please ask doug why he want play K BROWN.
RZA_CONSOLE::the wizards&gt;sixers
RZA_CONSOLE::nope, i live in philly but i can't watch this team anymore  when iverson made his comeback, they lost but were at least fun to watch
rustyburg::you a wiz fan who needs to gloat or a sixers fan who needs to $@%!$?
HotdogSalesman2012::so are we in tank mode officially, or is there a big turn around coming with bynum leading the way?   I doubt he'll ever wear a sixers uniform.  Can't say i blame him.
RZA_CONSOLE::at this point, i'd take cousins...  he's a headcase bus at least always on the court
RZA_CONSOLE::rustyburg - Me too...shame we took the bum Turner instead!  i forgot greg monroe was in that draft class
rustyburg::Me too...shame we took the bum Turner instead!
rustyburg::BTW...the draft is weak, no reason to tank.  There's nothing there to tank for.
rustyburg::But with the lottery, we could still be drafting after the 5 position and according to all the experts, this draft is weak. So why tank?
HotdogSalesman2012::we are now below the raptors i believe. bottom of the division, here to stay.  Might as well tank.  Unless andrew comes back and we gel, then I say just play to build chemistry and get better in the future.
rustyburg::If he were a self respecting human being he would...but that's a big IF.
Elton7323::should the magic target tyreke evans in the off season?
johnathanj46::@Kenny That would be badass
kennyx4::The Magic should try to get back Dwight.
bradyandjrich::He has star potential...but Afflalo is pretty reliable, no?
iiMKenny::I like Tyreke but his work ethic is questionable.
Elton7323::he is on the kings i guess thats  a reason lol.
vanillafrosty12::Oh, and I think the Magic's average age could be lower than University of Miami's basketball team's age... Just sayin.
iiMKenny::The average age of the Magics starting lineup tonight was 23 lol.
vanillafrosty12::And the U has a soon to be 25 year old and almost 24 year old in their starting lineup... Dang...
vanillafrosty12::The chances of everything panning out perfectly are slim, but just imagine if this lineup of the Magic works out. Vucevic is 22, Harkless is 19, Harris is 20, Nicholson is 23, Moore is 24, Jones is 22, O'Quinn is 22, and Lamb is 21... The majority of these guys have shown huge signs of promise. Imagine this lineup in 5 years...
mcc05j::yeah for real, magic are going places in a few years.... the young talent and drafts picks we have are one thing..  the cap space to purchase 3 lebrons is something else...
Telkalynn3013::Aside from their record I still watch every game because these guys play hard almost every night.  With one or two lottery picks and a solid veteran, these guys are going to be serious.
rustyburg::Can't say I'm happy that you guys have Vucevic right now.  We got hosed on that deal, but I will admit, I was happy when it was made.
rustyburg::NBA is a flawed product.  They pushed the individual stars and that's all you've got...individual stars.  Teams don't win championships anymore.  To be successful, you must have a top 5 player in the league...guess what?  That leaves 5 teams with a shot!  Nice product.  NBA blows!
cShOx::Derron Williams is a hell of a point guard. I'm just saying
cmdcw4::jesus! "hey doug, did you get the memo?" "yes mr dileo, tank mode is on for this game" "greaaaaaaat." after the game doug and tony sharing a few beers "great job doug, your job should be in tact for next year" "thanks tony" "i loved the 'play damien wilkins for 30 minutes' thing, pure genius" "thanks, had to make it obvious that we are tanking!"  thats just what i imagined the latest conversations between HC and GM have been thanks bynum.
rondo2KG::LOL
Ed Guess The 20th::hahah
Ed Guess The 20th::Lebron is filthy good... Even though the Cavs got Irving they still have to be soo upset about losing King James.
iiMKenny::Oh... Umm... OK...
vmcmillan2::You mad Bro?
iiMKenny::This is the Magic vs Sixers game not the Heat vs Kings game.
Ed Guess The 20th::IDGAF Kenny.
vmcmillan2::So will the Magic keep Afflalo or let Harris and Hrkless start next year?
trizzo23::afflalo is a sg...harkless a sf..and harris a 3-4..all different you keep all 3
iiMKenny::Yea I like the young talent on the team. Harrington looked good tonight. Maybe he could be a leader?
vmcmillan2::Yeah, are bigs are fine and the wings are getting better, Etwaun can play some PG, but if we get Carter-Williams we'll be set for a few years. Keeping Jameer Arron and Baby as Vet leadership
cflip37::They still need vets on this team to help the young guys along
iiMKenny::Yea it would be amazing to get Shabazz and Michael Carter-Williams from Syracuse.
vmcmillan2::hmmm no, but a package with him Baby and Jameer might be.
iiMKenny::I don't know. This may sound far fetched but do you think he is worth a top 10 pick? lol
Ed Guess The 20th::Hell no. Maybe a 25th pick...
vmcmillan2::I think Afflalo should come off the bench and do what JJ did this year.
iiMKenny::That's what I'm confused about. All three of them can play the same position basically.
iiMKenny::I'm just happy Duhon was traded with Howard as well. Worst point guard in the league.
largetomatoes::How do u give the opposing center 19 boards and only grab 1 in the process.
CGITT304::Hey remember that one time when the Sixers traded Vucevic for one year of Bynum, then he didn't play at all?...good times
WerthMan08::this dude knows his grammar^
Ed Guess The 20th::Work on your grammar...
slickwatts100::38 7boards and 15 assists for bron so far
largetomatoes::it's double OT
Ed Guess The 20th::Hes gonna finish better than Jordan.
Ed Guess The 20th::I think people are just jealous of Lebron...
slickwatts100::for all the criticism you have to stop and think how good you have to be to have your name in the same sentence as jordan, let alone spark debates as to who's better
slickwatts100::40 8 and 16
Elton7323::god that crazy
Ed Guess The 20th::Curry got plowed!
Ed Guess The 20th::Pacers game had a full fledge brawl!
slickwatts100::did artest go in the stands?
PATSORGENOS2012::That what wee need, so we can lose in something else!
PATSORGENOS2012::LOL did anyone see Collins walk off with 20 secs left?
Bennett6843::The Kings just need to beat the Heat and my night is made!
Bennett6843::Ok maybe not...
iiMKenny::That trade for Tobis Harris is looking like a winner.
mroen24::Believe me, you guys will be so happy you got Tobias.  I'm a huge Bucks fan (one of only a select few) and Tobias was a guy who showed TONS of potential whenever he played, which just sadly wasn't much in MKE.  But I think he'll be like a Glenn Robinson type of player one day, and that's pretty dang good.  You guys got a steal with Tobes, I hope he continues to do awesome for you guys!
iiMKenny::As this team is coming together I'm starting to believe the hype behind Rob. At first I thought some of his moves were questionable but the pieces are molding together perfectly. Harkless I believe has scored 10+ in 5 straight games since getting more playing time. All we need now is a true point guard
Elton7323::yup and his numbers is going up little bit each game.
slickwatts100::we're gonna need to make good moves this off season, is dileo the right guy?
Ed Guess The 20th::All we need is Josh Smith and draft either McLemore or Shabazz in the draft and we should be fine...
slickwatts100::tell me we're not considering giving bynum max money
PATSORGENOS2012::Probably not, but you would think the law of averages gotta turn soon
slickwatts100::i guess that $@%!$ guy is a sixer for life
Maxi Klinger::And the 6ers fans were talking about the post season lolololol  84 points at home against the worst defensive team in basketball..........LOL
Ed Guess The 20th::Shutup Maxi
antman0789::Nice re-post
Ed Guess The 20th::Holiday is going to put up monster stats if he can get some talent around him.
antman0789::Evan Turner - 10 pts. 2/7 shooting Jrue Holiday - 9 pts Spencer Hawes - 1 rebound Do these guys wanna play?  This is pathetic.
Ed Guess The 20th::Holiday 10 assists 1 turnover.
Ed Guess The 20th::Pargo? haha who knows! hes Jrue he'll find a way!
bballdon32::Wonder how many more assists he would average if he had good players on his team.
antman0789::I dont know how he got 10 assists lol.  Who was he passing to?
PATSORGENOS2012::How the $@%! are you 7'1 and get 1 rebound?
antman0789::Remember after the first game against Denver, our fans were chanting MVP at him?
binkinainteasy::Hawes's nickname should be vanilla soft serve
slickwatts100::melo needs to slap him in the head again
slickwatts100::remember when everyone agreed the magic got  the worst end of the blockbuster trade? they sure knew something the rest of us didn't
Bennett6843::Yeah Howard is a $@%!$ and Bynum doesn't give a @%!$. I'll take a risk by taking young talent. Go Magic!
PATSORGENOS2012::This could be the most embarrassing loss of the season
slickwatts100::we were the little engine that could last year, and we caught a break with the rose injury. reality bit us this year
Ed Guess The 20th::Not really. Trading away our best player for a guy that doesnt even play is the reason why were bad this year....
Ed Guess The 20th::Yeah 8th seed...
slickwatts100::so if we replace bynum with iggy are we back in the playoffs?
vmcmillan2::Magic still have a playoff shot
vmcmillan2::Its Magic time "WE WILL"
asdbluecfl::No way. No. 1 pick spot, yes.
slickwatts100::so who exactly is the big hotshot in the next draft?
iiMKenny::Nobody wants that bum.
antman0789::Idk, im not sold on McLemore being the consensus #1 pick.  Think he's got potential to be a real good NBA player, but Shabazz and Olidapo are giving him a run.
antman0789::Yeah, I'd rather trade Turner for LeBron, but I was trying to be realistic.  At this point I'd trade Turner for Zaza Pachulia
slickwatts100::no, i'd much rather trade turner for durant
antman0789::I'd trade up and give the team in front E.Turner for Olidapo
bballdon32::Olidapo is a stud, being compared to D. Wade
antman0789::Ben McLemore, Shabazz Muhammad, Nerlens Noel (before the ACL), and the guard fron Indiana......can't think of his name for some reason right now.
antman0789::Yeah not sure about his attitude, saw that too.  Know he's gotta sick jumper though.
slickwatts100::i saw muhammad beg for the ball and pout after larry drew hit the game winner for his team. he looked super selfish
bballdon32::Olidapo.
vmcmillan2::the guy with the torn ACL
asdbluecfl::Most effort o've seen in a while. Good game all around for the Magic.
Maxi Klinger::And the sixers werethinking about the post season lololol 84 pts at home against one of the worst defenses in basketball lololololol
binkinainteasy::Looking at the Sixers upcoming schedule, they seriously might win 1 or 2 out of 13.
PATSORGENOS2012::LOL this is true
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Thank you Magic for helping me keep my job a little bit longer  -Brian "Andreas Daddy" Colangelo
PATSORGENOS2012::If you are proud of that, good for you
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Better than being 10th thru 15. Next step 8th.
PATSORGENOS2012::The Raptors are terrible
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::The 9th best team in the East.
63jay7446::who is up for pizza after the game
PATSORGENOS2012::"Flyers goal scored by number 12 Simon Gagne"
Chris180736::for a case of Tastykakes
slickwatts100::lebron said holidays a great player but he needs help. that's pretty much all you really need to know
slickwatts100::i would think a good pg can attract free agents. it doesnt always work that way but it's logical
DENIMCHlCKEN::Will that help ever arrive?
PATSORGENOS2012::In 2026
cunningham2calvinwilliams::Elton Brand....Andrew Bynum...third time a charm for Sixers?
DENIMCHlCKEN::I think we should give Greg Oden a shot...what do you guys think?
slickwatts100::i'd rather sign oliver miller
slickwatts100::c webb was broken down too
Ed Guess The 20th::Brand was atleast above avaerage
DENIMCHlCKEN::Yeah but he only played at a high level for a half a season then he got old.
