Sloto Mania::Jimmer 13 points in 11 minutes.
George Jimas::against the bench
Sloto Mania::Yeah true but the bench comes in every game.
Josh AndNatalie Burhenn::when they were down 20... awesome
Brendyn Scott::Here is the issue with Sacramento: RUdy Gay - needs the ball to score Demarcus Cousins - needs the ball to score Marcus Thorton - needs the ball to score Isaiah Thomas - needs the ball to score Kings could be decent if they werent such selfish players.
Bobby Johnson::that is so dumb. don't every player need the ball to score????  that is crazy. Analyst said the same thing about Monta Ellis before he played a game with Dallas. Now that its going good they give all the credit to the coach for figuring it out. Please spare me. Some linueps will gel and some won't that is just how basketball goes man. There are exception to that rule but its few and far between.
Richard Joslin::Marcus Thorton is coming off the bench with limited minutes
Troy Chase::Bobby Johnson I think he meant, they don't move that well without the ball.
Sloto Mania::Sacramento got Jimmered
George Jimas::i think rudy will be fine in SAC because it's cousins team. in toronto casey let him do whatever he wanted, shoot 30+ shots for all he cared. i don't think SAC will put up with this since cousins is their priority and future. they also need to teach rudy that when he draws the second man off of the iso to dish to the open man, not take a contested shot.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::George Jimas - I agree 100 percent, he wont be able to shoot that many shots in Sacramento ( every team is different ) I def see Rudy's assists going up. Malone is going to use him as a stretch 4, meaning he will be utilized in the post alot more, instead of shooting jumpers. Gay is a 44.7 % shooter, not as bad as people make him out to be.
Matthew L Smith::Ernest,  this year though.....way down to jennings territory an ice cold 38%
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Matthew L Smith It happens, every player goes thru a season where they have a slow start. The season just started, and asides from scoring he is a versatile player in other areas of the game. I think he will thrive in Sacramento !
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I was under the impression that Utah was tanking this season. I guess you have to try and get a few W's  against other lower ranked teams, to make it look like that your at least trying to win from time to time lol.
Brett Lee::Sac town just needs to give all the reins to Jimmer.  He has the potential to be better than Lebron and Jordan.  He just got stuck in a town that won't give him a chance
J.W. Madden::... he is shooting 35% this season and 40% for his career.  He is a huge liability on defense, and his only job is to make shots... which he isn't very good at.    Jimmer was a great college player, but he just does not have the footspeed to keep up in the NBA.  Even when he scores well, he gives up buckets on the other end.  Someday he will retire and become a coach in Utah, where he will be idolized for the rest of his days.  Now?  he's just a short/slow 2 guard who isn't doing his job.
Justin Hicken::J.W. Madden Jimmer much better than I.T.
J.W. Madden::Justin... you live in Provo.  Of course you are going to say that.  Have you seen the two play in the pros?... cuz your statement is patently false.   Jimmer is a great shooter, a better shooter than IT, but he is 1/2 as fast and 1/2 as quick.  You can't be successful in the NBA if you cant get open.
Chad Wiggins::jimmer goes 2 for 3 in 6 min, but thats not good enough to see a return to the floor in the second half..... only in craptown
Justin Hicken::11 pts in 11 min... think of all the 30 pt games he could have if he just got the minutes.
Justin Hicken::Scratch that... 13pts in 11 min.
Adam Maher::Free Jimmer! Most efficient player on the floor!
Josh AndNatalie Burhenn::for one night. awesome. don't you guys think if you was really that good that 1 of the last 3 coaches would've played him more.
Chad Wiggins::Josh AndNatalie Burhenn nope, moron i dont... for the entire season last year he was the sec best kings player as far as the plus minus category goes... and not once was he rewarded
Josh AndNatalie Burhenn::Chad Wiggins thanks for the name btw. also plus/minus is ridiculous.
Steave Hoover::I'll say this, if I read one more comment Jimmer is lousy on defense, I'll laugh. The Sacramento team is a losing one that plays no defense. Don't give us this b.s. Jimmer can't play. They showcased him for Utah last night for a reason. Once he's gone, who will you blame then? You won't win 20 games this year. And Rudy Gay is a head case. That comes from charles Barkley!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Whats up everyone, i will get this convo started by saying Kings win this one without an Over time. Excited to see the transition of rudy gay in Sacramento, now that he has post presence to pass too, and other shooters around him. People forget that his a career 45 percent shooter. I think he will play alot better in Sacramento, then his short lived Toronto days. Kings do have talent with Thomas/McLemore/Williams/Gay/Cousins ! Hopefully we get a decent lottery pick next season and improve the roster even more.
Dave Green::The Jazz will struggle if Favors and Marvin Williams are still injured.
Anthony Jordan Baranco-Bibb::Dave Green They will also struggle as long as Cousins is not injured.
Anthony Jordan Baranco-Bibb::It will be a fun game to watch, Ernest. Regardless of the winner, these recent Kings games have been very entertaining.
Chad Wiggins::why in the heck can fredette not get the hell out of this dark hole....... 19 player trade and they couldnt sneak him in on it.. SMH
Dave Green::I feel bad for him. He has to be just counting down the days until he's a free agent. Jimmer is at least good enough to be a 3 point specialist off the bench for a good team.
Peter Knowe::pathetic effort by home team tonight, sorry coaching not ready to play inferior team
Fred Miller::Kind of wish the kings would have moved to seattle. This is a terrible product. Couldn't pay me to go to these games. Boring
Adam Youman::Lol your defense gotta be wayyy outta whack to let the jazz drop 122 on you
J.W. Madden::... or maybe you are playing your 2nd game in 3 nights with only 7 rotation players... because you just traded away four guys and the new players have not been cleared yet?  That could have something to do with it as well.
Adam Youman::J.W. Madden ....nah we'll just go with what i said
J.W. Madden::RIght, because some people (such as myself) enjoy bringing logic and reason to a conversation and others (such as yourself) are just attempting to be amateur comedians 24/7.
Devin Baranick::Why did Cousins only play 7 minutes in the first half?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::2 fouls, and malone wanted to save him for 2nd half.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::LOL man this is one of the slowest games i seen this season.
Joe Coburn::Try watching the Knicks versus the Bulls. That game was painful to the eyes.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Ja Cw i just checked the box score of that game, 35 turnovers and 40 fouls, that is some sloppy basketball, this game is kind of headed that way also lol.
George Jimas::shouldn't of taken so long to put cousins back in.
Bryan Bonelli::Why no cousins????????????
Patrick MacKinnon::Foul trouble, he'll play the whole second half. barring him fouling out.
Dennis McBride::This is how the JAZZ need to play EVERY game.
Tony Le::All that jazz over the queens!
Matt Mossman::Props to the Jazz...came out and smacked the Kings around after the loss the other night...I wish both of these teams were better: would love to see these young teams develop into a nice rivalry...maybe in a few years...I really like some of the guys on that Jazz squad and I'm a huge fan of Ty Corbin....Kings need to get it together as they go down to PHX
Billy McBride::Raptor fan here. Rudy will create opportunities for other players. He may be a high volume shooter but he draws defenders which will be a nightmare for the other team especially because you will have Cousins to dish the ball to. Sorry he is gone but with his salary I can see why they got rid of him. Hope he works out for you guys.
George Jimas::he doesn't dish though, that's his problem.
Clair Hassell::Havent seen him in Toronto, but he he was a beast in Memphis, they suck now without him He'll definately help if he's anything like was in Memphis
Matt Elmore::never trade with toronto because you have to go through all that extra customs sh*t before you're able to play with your new team. Rudy Gay's not gonna play till Christmas they way this is going lol
Warwick Davis::consider yourself lucky
Steve Carman::Thomas think just cause he's in a reebok ad with a nobody and a broken down JET he can mouth off! you aint nothing you little bl@ck midget!
Chon Armsbury::Man, I think the Jazz have some nice pieces.  If they can get the coach thing figured out and add Wiggins or Parker next year, look out!
Chad Wiggins::down thirty and still riding the midget.....  he's not a point guard... he's kobe bryant in a five foot seven inch frame.....
Jackie Bruce::Your just mad you paid 189 dollars for leauge pass just to see jimmer, take your meds you crazy super fan lol
