Derrick Alderete::I hope Spurs go after Spencer Hawes since they are trying to deal him....I would give up Bonner, Baynes, and Nando.....If we do end up getting him he is a 7'1 Center easily playing top 5 in Center right now and young.....If it were to happen PF Duncan/Diaw and C Tiago/Hawes....He would be able to help us a little more against the Pacers, Blazers, and OKC big men....Great rotation will be in the Center position with Ayers in the 3rd string.
Benjamin Musil::Unfortunately Bonner, Baynes, and Nando are not a very enticing offer. Although that's kinda good because Matty is my favorite player on the Spurs haha
Derrick Alderete::Benjamin Musil even if you just take one of them out and put another in place or even a draft pick things will still fall into place....Nando does not get much playing time due to having 3 other great PGs Bonner lacks D but can spread the floor with efficient threes and the big banger has shown improvements and a big body, but as I said if you just refurbish the three I can see that trade definitely happening.
Steve Cain::Spurs may win by 40, no kidding.
Rick Cox::I love my Spurs and I know they'll win, They might be ahead by that much in the middle of the game but the Bucks will probably cut the lead to 10. Spurs aren't known to maintain a hefty lead like what you're projecting.
Steve Cain::@rick cox - I guess 28 isn't too bad.  Those red uniforms I guess was good for 12 points.
Jared Keen::Go the Aussies!
Richard Head::Patty doing work!!!!!
Elmor Lowe::Go Spur's!
Jake Gibbs::Bucks need a point guard.  Knight is a decent guy to come off the bench and shoot some 3's but he doesn't have the skills to distribute and make scoring easier for his teammates.  Never thought we'd miss Jennings so much.  Oh well at least we're losing a lot more without Jennings and will get a very high pick.
Rosslyn Allgrownup Overstreet::go spurs
Matthew L Smith::well oiled machine...As a fellow Aussie it's great to see Patty playing well all year too. With Pop's guidance and Parkers daily tuition you can see a dramatic improvement from previous years in the way he plays.
Aking Balintataw::No TP... The Spurs is still winning.  Less production from Manu and Sub-par performance from TD, the Spurs is still winning.  SA's system is really a force that wrecks havoc to lesser teams.
Matt Rausch::The Spurs could rest their starters in this game.lol.  If the margin of victory is under 20 I'll be shocked..
Kyle Miller::The thought of a potential Greek Freak/Henson/Embiid frontcourt is very exciting.
Tyler Price::Do you really think Greek freak is a frontcourt player?
Kyle Miller::Yes. His body type is in the mold of Kevin Durant/Nicolas Batum. He has a lot to learn still, but in 2-3 years he could be a very good SF.
Adam Hallet::I think that we should give Larry Sanders a little bit more time to develop.  I like Jabari Parker and for some reason if we fall to pick 4 or something I really like marcus smart.  I think a scoring type pg is a huge plus in the NBA.  Centers are overrated in the NBA look at Dwight Howard.  James Harden runs that team.  Centers are just a dying breed.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::go spurs go. first of, we need to get healthy first. injury bug really hurting us right now.
Naib Lis::Bucks 97, spurs 94.....
