Fishstick2013::LAST!
supe540::DLee was a beast out there last night.  What an excellent game he played!
RNYC::Brooklyn,   As a native Atlantan but resident New Yorker Joe Johnson will destroy your team. He is apathetic and does not have the ability to pick his game up.  U guys have the most overpaid player in the league on your team and he doesn't give 2 shyts.
Excelscior1::Yes, Joe Johnson won't be there, when the Nets needed him  most. He's NYC's mistake now, cause Atlanta was smart enough to get rid of him; while the Nets were dumb enough to get him after they lost out on the Dwight Sweepstakes. The irony is, they could still get DHoward at the end of the season, but who would accept Joe Johnson's trade if the Nets had to fit him in under the cap?
Excelscior1::The Chickens will be coming home to roost, soon enough for the Nets and their fans. Your "great start" was a mirage.
phunky58::avery must must must must get marshon more mins, 1 of the best players on new jersey sits on the bench.   get ur act together avery or keep losing.  brooks could outplay johnson on most days not every but most
dsphillips100::Note to Nets fans. Don't believe your own hype. The better team won. The more talented team won. Its a fact. maybe in the East the Nets look good but not on the West Warriors have been playing good basketball all season.  This is the first game all year Klay Thompson actually looked like a legit NBA shooter. Thompson has been horrible on offense the first 11 game and I mean horrible. Shooting around 26% in Warriors losses. He a career 44% shooter and if he just shot in the high 30's the Warriors would easily be 9-3. Note to the NBA. If Thompson starts shooting like we all know he can. Watch out for the Warriors.
Qster15::Its going to be a loooooong losing road trip for the Nets.
WarriorsWarrior::Go w's good game nets!!
RH936::Maybe its time to start looking at Avery. Is he a good coach or just a product of a loaded Dallas team ? Nets have too much talent to only win games against the Raptors, Cavs and Rondo-less Celtics team. Avery better be careful Prokohov may not be patient with him.
whatsdoing::nets got beat with guard-play?  will the real joe johnson please stand up.... please stand up.  d-will was off his game too I guess.
phunky58::marshon needs heavy mins he outplays johnson almost everytime,  its an absolute shame wat avery is doin with broooks and extremely ignorant
famman1968::I've been following a system for betting lately called SportsbettingStar. In only two months time I have averaged $3,000 a month profit. I found this system on the first page of Google by searching the words Online Betting System.
whatsdoing::I on the other hand have been following a Tucan to a bowl of "Fruit Loops" every morning.... go figure.
Cappiethedog::Best news of the night: Mavericks beat the Knicks. C'mon, post-season...
whatsdoing::really?  does it matter much this early?
Easy300bucks::why didnt geral wallace play?
Easy300bucks::gerald*
kozanski2000::A fit Bogut takes this team to another new level. Just keep rehabbing Andrew, come back ready.
King_Melo_7::Joe Johnson is playing like an average Joe
Qster15::Joe Johnson is playing like Atlanta Joe Johnson.. crappy and overpaid! D. Will is a fool for wasting this career with this team.
NYballer6969::He should be with Dorothy in Oz , looking for a heart !
whatsdoing::ohhhhhh... burn!
ireadespn::Maybe teams/media need to start taking the warriors seriously.
leftshot::They should but they won't.  ESPN staff and most of the national sportscasters and writers are back East.  It takes them a LLLLLLong time to figure out what is happening out west, and even then they usually underplay what's happening.
dsphillips100::It's going to take a lot. It's going to take one of the guys on TNT or NBA Tv to adopt the team. Like they have with the T-wolves and the Blazers a couple years back
rob31369::As a longtime Dubs fan, this is a nice thought. We'll find out around the All-Star break.
NYballer6969::Avery is getting ZERO offense from the power forward spot in the 2nd half . He should have Blaitche in the game , along side Lopez.  Humphries is also a big ZERO on the defensive end !
jasondmce1978::Doesn't look like Joe Johnson is an all-star this season.
NYballer6969::He should come off the bench ...He ain't doing it ..On both sides of the court. Marshon is making a stupid play here in there, but he is way more into the game then Joe Johnson is. Avery Johnson should get shot for having him on Kobe over Wallace ! Joe Johnson is the epitome of a player not breaking a sweat .
tha_shephard::haha, its funny you say that, because in the highiights from a couple games back before he got into this shooting slump. He was drenched in sweat after nailing a 4th quarter 3.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Now if only Bogut could stay healthy...  But knowing their luck, once Bogut does return healthy, Curry probably gets injured.
Qster15::Bogut is done!
commanderbass::As long as 7 footer Brook Lopez remains allergic to the idea of rebounding (he gets 7 a game by them miraculously falling into his gigantic hands), the Nets will not win anything substantial.
commanderbass::Warriors are on their to becoming something special in the west. With Bogut back, and adding solid defense and some additional passing from the block, expect the most lethal shooting team to be getting some wide open, defense moral killing, net splashing threes to really rip apart opposition plans on D. Curry, hot and spicy, like the name baby!
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::testing*
Giant49erWarriorFan::A Hussey... Warriors &gt; Nets that's sad right?
longgrassgrows::does Klay have his touch back...WOOT!!!!!
SB4LlFE::i think he transfered his slump over to joe johnson
SB4LlFE::a great way to beat the nets is by playing smallball
Ontario925::Smallball baffled the Nets.
supe540::Warriors beat them on the boards.
SB4LlFE::yeah but the nets also didn't have the answers to the smallball lineup
Michael Hussey 1::Im out..... I will be back in 20 games time when the Warriors have lost 15 of them.
karelp::Joe Johnson's shooting is pathetic.
Ontario925::The Nets are looking back to their normal selves again the last couple of games. Reminds me of the Mets good start last year that disappeared.
JustDza::Johnson will turn it around midseason I guarantee it. As for right now, it seems like the biggest waste of money to get him
supe540::max contract.  only team willing to give joe that much money.
FriscoWarriors415::Great Win warriors. Cant wait till bogut gets back. We need to play like this every night!
Golden Tate Warrrior::Yeah and doubt it will get any better its too bad I get it was a gamble and if he does get healthy its a great deal but more likely we gave up Monta for a headache but what else is new
karelp::Bogut's missed almost half the games the last 4+ years.
supe540::Nets just ran out of gas.
FriscoWarriors415::good game brooklyn fans
CrystalHeadVodka::Phewwwwww ...... Warriors -2 and over 194 .... hahahahaha ..... collection ..
CrystalHeadVodka::i had $1200 on it @ $3.50 ... hahahahahahaha woooooooo hooooooo
cjoconn82::anyone else just miraculously hit that over?
cjoconn82::i doubled timed it with the 2h over and the game over
Michael Hussey 1::"Championships are won in November "  - Warriors fans
victory lap::Says the NETS fan.......lol  Dudes like you are funny. Get D Will and yall still suck. The only organization that would take Joe Johnson's ridiculous contract and the only team with a 7 foot center who rebounds like a Point Guard. Take this L and go to sleep bro. Then find a new team
DominicSalazar2010::You mad bro?
Oaktown1029::that's funny.
SB4LlFE::wrong but nice try *yawn*
ShuttupDonny::Own your loss
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::LOL @ saying the Warriors can't rebound. wheres that idiot
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_:::)
footbawlll::Back to back games the Nets implode in the 2nd half....not looking good at all
sandiegonation::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2QxouABTC6o haHAHAHAHA
Giant49erWarriorFan::Warriors &gt; LA Lakers lol!
junoNCAL::LET'S GO WARRIORS!!!! GOOD WIN  PLAYOFFS BABY!!! WE 7-5!!! with bogut we can make some noise!  #warriorsforlife #yayarea #webelieve2.0 #amazingwin
commanderbass::YOU KNOW IT! Bogut making passes, those three pointers are going to fly like daggers in the sky baby! WOOOHOOO
RickeyHenderson2008::The brick layers union needs to picket the nets for trying to take their jobs
gatorfan15151::lopez is so tall how is he not a better rebounder?
AthleticWarriorRaiderPaisa::OOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAKKKKK-LAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNDDD WAAAAARRRIIIOOOORRRSSSSS!!!
maleckej::yeah the A's never won 4 championships there?  LOL
victory lap::You probably hang or live in the Castro huh bro.  #Friscoloser  #Friscolame
FriscoWarriors415::Cant wait till they get out of dirty $@% oakland. San Francisco Warriors. No team will ever win in Oakland
GamblingMike23::over $$$$$$$$$$$4
Chris Hansen Dateline.::Well, time to troll the Lakers board.
pxez34a::WARRIORS!!!!!
SB4LlFE::over at 195
Oaktown1029::Barnes, Ezeli, and Green - the best draft for the Warriors - ever.
derek_510::*alot of
derek_510::warriors have had some reeeeaallly crappy drafts too.
Oaktown1029::word. lol.
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_:::)
gmenon71::6-23 shooting three pointers !!! NUFF SAID!!!
John24886::lopez a whopping 3 rebounds
gatorfan15151::hes 7 ft how does he not rebound better lol
junoNCAL::lots of phantom calls
