kennyx4::Parker is a tiny shooting guard. Not good for winning championships.
MavsHater4ever::Parker has won three rings with the Spurs. Where have you been?
kennyx4::Love my Spurs!! Gotta say. Some wins DO mean more than others even in the regular season.  This is not one of them.  #GO SPURS!!!
a.cabie::The Raps still have the Hornets and Magic up next on their sched. If they can win those, they'll have won 7 of their last 8. Maybe ESPN will give them some love for that....yeah probably not...
toronto-vigilante3::The Raptors are who we thought they were....
dirkaqs41::very nice...all starters score in the single digits... toronto is a juggernaut
MortiesRalphers::Tony Parker is the most underrated PG in the NBA.
kennyx4::Parker is not a great PG.  He can't d up and he can't find the angle on NBA level passes.
steiny1864::Crazy...Nobody leaves the Spurs,   No state tax. Respect.  Rings.
dirkaqs41::the knicks had an opportunity to land parker a few yrs ago,, they missed the boat on that one. Thanks Antoni
MortiesRalphers::If they had taken that opportunity I think that Lebron would be in a Knicks jersey.  The world will never know!
WeAreTheMenInBlack::Good team win by the Spurs!  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
Alex_TO::Good game to San Antonio, we lost to a better team. How about we start a new winning with the easy upcoming schedule.
n88nick06::Yeah I hear ya, whatever ya gotta do to stay sane.
taa2008::Plus, I would say you have to start somewhere. You could be losing to all of the other bad teams...
n88nick06::You do know that you have to beat good teams to really show improvement as a team right? LOL..  beating teams as bad as you are or worse than you are, is just being a bottom feeder.  Just sayin.
Alex_TO::Shush, its all about the illusion of being good, its all we got as fans of Toronto teams
676Rob::gg rap fans, some home cookin  for the spurs tonight but it is what it is
n88nick06::Raptors play good teams they lose, they play garbage teams they will probably split.  End result they suck.  LOL...
19brom::shut up ya wizard fan
gri400::Tross played 26 minutes tonight. no highlight dunks but glad to see he's getting minutes
trophyguy08::TOR's coach could/should give anyone/someone on that team more than 30 mins?  what an idiot, how can anyone get into a groove with 20 mins, 12 mins, 18 mins, 27 mins, 24 mins, etc etc etc.....
X GoSpursGo X::gg raps. SPURS WIN!
cowboysspurs81::At least Toronto fought hard. The Spurs are just an overall much better team.
gri400::If the spurs played the 1st half any bit like they did the 2nd half the raps lose by 30 if not more. This was just awful
gri400::they didn't really fight hard. They can do much better effort and result wise. I'm fine with a loss (SA is a much better team) but this was really disappointing
19brom::well said
gri400::kinda disappointed Acy didn't get more minutes tonight. With both bargs and jonas out i was hoping he would play more then the last 2 minutes of the game
VegasDaygas::Will someone else besides Stephen ice cold Jackson shoot -_-
19brom::knew the raps would come out flat ridin a 5 game win streak and a 4 day break smh
arvinramroop::Yup @19brom =D
19brom::ye buddy
19brom::only cities that deserve a bball team over a city like toronto are new york chicago LA and maybe miami, otherwise were BIGGER AND BETTER
n88nick06::Bigger and Better?  More like Irrelevant.  Nobody even knows your city exists, lol.  Americans pay "0" attention to Canada point blank period.  Canada is like that piece of gum that gets stuck to your show and feel your shoe sticking to the ground then finally you pull your shoe up and see it there and rub it out. ha ha.  Your crazy Toronto doesn't deserve a NBA team most of the people there don't even know basketball.  Stick to Hockey or Curling or something.
Alex_TO::Would really love a league with just new york, chicago, la and miami in it
19brom::your a tool we average more fans than the celtics and have amazing tv ratings, suckk it
arvinramroop::Cuz we da beast..
jbrad12500::Why does Toronto...even have a basketball team......SMH......
ddjeffries::Fantastic! Now if San Antonio only had the market size Toronto has! What is more impressive is the fact the Spurs have been consistenly good for 15 straight years with no down years plus 4 rings with a tiny market size.
wnsj89::Raptors attendance &gt; Spurs attendance
Alex_TO::*Hint, because it makes the league money
gri400::they make money... SMH...
gri400::got a few easy games coming up though at least
gri400::Acy!!
Alex_TO::The Ace off the bench
arvinramroop::ACY!
I hate Jerry Jones::SPURS just turned it on in the second half
drobfasterthanyou::These teams need to swap mascots. It would be more reflective of their rosters
Alex_TO::If you want Chris Bosh as your mascot, go right on ahead
drobfasterthanyou::the spurs are a bunch of DINOSAURS
19brom::haha neither do i....
tnakbaseball18::I dont get this joke
wnsj89::good game spurs fans
jbrad12500::HIt Like, if Tim Duncan, Manu, and Tony most underrated BIg 3, of all time.
drobfasterthanyou::Over
19brom::o ya, very true
19brom::cause 2 of them arent american
NOVABuffalo::TD is a US citizen from birth (Saint Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands)
Goldengun3865::Technically I don't think Timmy was born an American either.
dflflkf::matt = damn candy
Alex_TO::You know the kind'a eats, the kind'a red HOT sweets, the kind'a sticky licky treats I crave!
dflflkf::lol
Goldengun3865::**Matt = co.ck sucking f..ag
Goldengun3865::If Tiago doesn't learn to be a real rebounder it's gonna bite the Spurs in the @ss in the playoffs.
matttmatt23::or what $@%!$ ill beat the @%!$ out of you u @%!$@ %!$ @%!$@
Alex_TO::My great aunt Jennifer ate a whole box of candy every day of her life. She lived to be a hundred and two, and - when she’d been dead three days - she looked better than you do now.
matttmatt23::shut up
Alex_TO::truly believe that age -- if you're healthy -- age is just a number.
Goldengun3865::Go away $@%!.
matttmatt23::the sprus ane not good they are so old they have mold coming out their $@% crack
Alex_TO::When you get older, there isn’t a lot left to be frightened of
matttmatt23::they wont do $@%! in the playoffs anyways
Goldengun3865::Yeah, losing in 6 in the WCF is next to nothing.  Moron
howdythere...::damn it's good to have Kawhi back
Aztec_2004::He also had 3 steals, 2 assists, and 9 points.  Tell me, how again is that "so bad"?
Aztec_2004::He had 10 tonight, genius,
matttmatt23::he dosent get rebounds
lookitsdeco::reboubds
matttmatt23::he dosent hit 3's at a effcient rate hes a mediocre defender he as potential ill give him that he was good in college but he hasnt done anything great in the nba yet
matttmatt23::thats what i thought shut the hell up
dflflkf::ima bust in u
matttmatt23::tell me how he is good he cant do anything but dunk
cowboysspurs81::He's the one of the best young defenders in the league. He hits threes at an efficient rate. Again you know nothing about basketball.
dflflkf::improving 3 pt shooter, great defender
matttmatt23::he is so bad
cowboysspurs81::You obviously know nothing about basketball then unless you mean "bad" as in really good
Goldengun3865::I'm just turning the game on.  Has the Spurs D been good or the Raps O bad?
gri400::both, honestly neither team has looked good today IMO, though the spurs picked it up in the 2nd half
676Rob::im a spur fan but damn they aint calling shi.t on s.a
lmarshall1291::They do more than miami or boston tho. Kno they be paying off the refs. I honestly believe that Lebron still wouldnt hav a ring if the spurs was in the finals
dflflkf::rob -=traitor
jays hit moonshots::lies
dflflkf::canadia blows goats
Dennus the Mennus::Nutzing ees free.
dipset73::Free healthcare up here lol.and better all around living in Canada
Alex_TO::Your favorite nightmare. Should last about an hour.
Alex_TO::I'm just quoting The Dark Knight Returns, no offence meant
dflflkf::lol excellent. bravo
Alex_TO::You try to hold me back, but you're weak. You know it in your soul. You're nothing but a hollow shell. A rusty trap. The time has come.
dflflkf::ok u asked for it bum
Alex_TO::Don't even wait for an order. Kids today... no respect.
dflflkf::im going in yo mouth
gri400::well so much for the winning streak...
wnsj89::it's all good, raps need to refocus for Fri's game in NO
gri400::yep, no big deal about a loss if it happens. Easy couple games coming up, better get some wins out of them
arvinramroop::Hang on...4TH QUARTER COMEBACK!
dflflkf::u wish punk
howdythere...::Manu!!
dflflkf::Mama there goes that Manu
lmarshall1291::Gotta love real team basketball tho. They are older and played more away games than any1 hope they hav energy in the playoffs. Go spurs.
howdythere...::oh it's the raptors logo on his head...lol
19brom::aha didnt know he kept it after the break! love
dflflkf::no its a mural of ure moms meathole
tnakbaseball18::Put Ross in!
dflflkf::raptors suck d
19brom::u suck d
dflflkf::lol mad
gri400::damn that was some ugly basketball by the raps. nice dunk though
howdythere...::BOOM
dflflkf::tim duncan just unloaded on u b nigz
Jeff7429::Spurs lazy $@%! hangover....should give the ticket money back
wnsj89::glad to hear Raps announcers calling out Lowry and Bargs
gri400::don't know if i'd describe that as calling them out but they were right on the money with everything they said there
tnakbaseball18::What did they say?
FranklinPistachio211::This is pathetic basketball...
wnsj89::AMIR!
adrew1718::6 Dollars on the toronto moneyline for 70+ payout... thought it was worth it... have caught a couple of these before, and when they have won 5 in a row, ill take that chance
lookitsdeco::im on the detriot moneyline right now
Jeff7429::i hope the Spurs apathy leads to an outright loss tonight....to teach them a lesson.
FranklinPistachio211::Duncan is enraging me right now.
Chavous6::gimme 3 overtimes and let me hit this over. freekin joke
gri400::Pietrus ain't no Tross either
I hate Jerry Jones::wth Parker?
jays hit moonshots::pietrus huge slam
wnsj89::haha pietrus
