inglewood247::_ARE YOU SERIOUS------    _the Lakers need a sense of urgency? What they need to do is PLAY DEFENSE and quite depending on kobe to bail them out.     _the Lakers have all the answers to their problems and urgency ain't one of them. You need that when your close to being out the playoffs and every game is important.     _the quest is to work in a system that fits this Lakers team then manage it against those teams that cause problems with pick/roll, high screen drives, or pick and pop. Tell Bynum, we love is intency but we need him on the court.
C-LocSF49::im still puzzled as to why the suns traded Goran Dragic..he was their future when Nash retires. they traded him for aaron brooks, who doesnt even play for the suns anymore hes overseas. nice trading suns now when nash retires who will be your future PG? ronnie price? sebastian telfair? theyre both good but dragic is going to break out...that must suck..
Je5teR777::Hmmmm...How bout some credit to the Suns instead of all the lakeshow excuses?
rynospurs21::Looks like a first round exit to the grizz for the faker thi year
hwsparks::Guess it only goes to show that the Lakers lose with Kobe in or out.  Only thing I noticed is their shooting percentage went up with him out.
hwsparks::Can't add those points to this win, 'cause Kobe would have ball hogged and the other players wouldn't have had the points they did.  Come on, anyone could figure that out!  Whatever you do kid, don't like your own lame rebuttal to common sense.  Try using adult terms like "your" and "you" instead of kid text lingo and mix in some capital letters.
RenQuist1::Plus, the players that Kobe would've guarded were picked up by a rookie Ebanks and I think Barnes (-19 and 1 for 7 from the field) who let them score a combined 47 points. That would not have gone down if Kobe was playing.
RenQuist1::Bynum missed 17 shots and missed 6 FTs.. that really helped the Lakers, not.
its me the original::exept the first time when the lakers met the suns, kobe droped 48 points on them and then he scored 26 and 32 points the next time he played the suns. take any of those numbers and add them to this games laker total and the lakers win. if u remove kobe then the lakers will have a tough time making it in to the playoffs. and dont like ur own comment, it makes u look like a kid.
SoCalVC::lakers need a lights out shooter at small forward
Je5teR777::They need a lot more than that. It's over Johnny, face it.
derekmcaldwell::Once again the ineptitude of the Laker front office rears its ugly head. Aware of what was painfully obvious to the rest of the league and media, Shannon Brown opted out of his remaining year as opposed to getting limited run behind Fisher and Blake. When you know you're quicker, more athletic and versatile than either player, why remain. Last night wasn't the first time since he's been a Sun that he's lit the Lakers up!
boom.shaka.::Do fools still wonder why Lakers' fans cut Kobe so much slack?
ToniK24::I think Kobe made a case for MVP and DPOY last night by not playing. jk...
RenQuist1::actually, he did. nice try though.
ustna::.5 games....lmfao
RenQuist1::tie-breaker...lmfao
legacyreaper32::Give Bynum a break. He did a great job impersonating Kobe last night.  If Matt Barnes keeps shooting 1/9 and 1/7 like he did last night, then the Lakers won't go far in the playoffs.
MJ is still the best::Bynum is a complete knucklehead.    That is all.
bustoz81::all i care about is the lakers have been whooped by the suns twice this year...i dont think a championship is gonna happen for kobe. he has about three more years left to be elite. better hurry if wants that #6 hahaha
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Dude I'm a basketball fan 1st and the Lakers ave no kind of depth this year at all from the bench. People keep bashing the Lakers like they are this super powerhouse the this year clearly they are not. It's 2 7footers , a quick good pg and Kobe nothing past that. Ppl hate Kobe and the Lakers so much they can't see that.
FTW2432::Remember when Kobe was hurt in the Preseason and people said he will be out for atleast 3 weeks Kobe plays unless he 100% cant
Zared2010::if kobe is out for 3 more games then laker fans are going to have to make peace with the 4th or 5th spot. You guys a fu.cked without him
hwsparks::No, if he plays, sucks for Lakers.  They lose with him in or out of the lineup.
RenQuist1::Not against the Clippers they don't. Thanks for the tie-breaker losers
LeBronze Headb4nd::He'll play. Sucks for you.
jayreed2309::lakers bench = 10 pts markeiff morris = 13 pts
drmcfunk::For all you Laker fans bit***** about Kobe not playing for a game try not having your all-star SG for over half the season thats what my Clips have been going through and you guys are still only .5 games ahead
Headdy17::For you to even say that billips is as important to the clips as kobe is to the lakers you are $@%!$@%!. that's our focal point in our team. chris paul is for the clips. if paul was out, i could understand a little better.
RenQuist1::yeah.. that's dumb
drmcfunk::you clearly dont know whats been going on, we went 9-11 after got injured we started bouncing back once he got back to LA and was sitting on the bench just his presence makes the world of difference but we were horrible without him
LeBronze Headb4nd::so? he's important to your team. He's not an All-Star as you claim.
Zared2010::Kobe is better then chauncey but the clips have shown a lot of resilience after losing him. Losing a key player, leader, and flor general like chauncey is a huge blow to a young team like them, and they struggled at first without him, but steadily fought their way back within striking range of the division spot and are now on the verge of taking it
LeBronze Headb4nd::Lol. Yeah you will. Won't matter anyway because the Clippers will finish with more loses
drmcfunk::we wont need the tie-breaker
LeBronze Headb4nd::Good luck taking it. The Lakers own the tie-breaker
drmcfunk::either way you are getting off topic he IS a All-star and you are wrong
LeBronze Headb4nd::Lol.. you're crazy. He hasn't been selected in 3 seasons. He was not playing at an All-Star level before he was injured
drmcfunk::No but clearly you are, Billups is a 5X All star from 2006-2010
LeBronze Headb4nd::FYI. "Four players missed the game: Kobe Bryant, Chris Paul and Brandon Roy due to injury; Allen Iverson due to personal reasons. As a result, four more were named to the roster as replacements: Chauncey Billups for Paul, Chris Kaman for Roy, Jason Kidd for Bryant and David Lee for Iverson. Both Kaman and Lee are first-time selections." Needed four people to sit out to make the team. Sounds like he really earned a spot.. not. NBA.com is not out-of-date.
LeBronze Headb4nd::Maybe a replacement due to a player injury. Still wasn't good enough to be selected and that was 2 seasons ago.
drmcfunk::that is outdated and just doesnt include 2010 and says 4 you are not worth my time to argue but just to finally prove my point here are All star 2010 hilights which Chauncey is clearly playing either way we have been missing our ALL STAR SG for 2/3 the season and still are .5 behind the Lakers  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKplMs959XU
LeBronze Headb4nd::http://www.nba.com/playerfile/chauncey_billups/bio.html
drmcfunk::haha then send me a link proving your point
LeBronze Headb4nd::Wikipedia is always right.. not. My source in Nba.com
LeBronze Headb4nd::He wasn't an All-Star in 2010. Stop making stuff up.
LeBronze Headb4nd::You mean a reserve? No he won't.
drmcfunk::http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_NBA_All-Star_Game  my god you are an idiot get your facts straight
drmcfunk::Because he has been traded 2 times in the last year. It takes awhile to get into a rhythm with a team, he will at least make the second team next year given he is healthy
LeBronze Headb4nd::Four-time NBA All-Star selection (2006, 2007, 2008, 2009)  Way to make s.hit up too.
LeBronze Headb4nd::Not anymore chump. If you think he would've made the All-Star this season you are completely brain dead. All of those selections were in the pathetic East.
LeBronze Headb4nd::Billups isn't an All-Star are you retarded&nbsp;?
Brodskie::It could not be more obvious that the problem with the Lakers is Mike Brown - this guy couldn't coach a high school team.  First, he is supposedly some defensive guru, but from what I see he has one defensive look - and now teams have figured it out.  Brown is unable to adapt because he has no other sets to run.  When was the last time the Lakers zoned up on someone just to give them a different look when that team was on a run?  Brown has no clue.  Brown doesn't coach in games.  Last night is a prime example.  The Lakers started running like it was showtime, playing right into Phoenix's favored pace.  Where was Brown?  Is it not his job to call timeouts and get the team back at the pace they have a chance of winning at.  Further, we were getting torched by Michael Redd and Shannon Brown.  With Redd, Mikey waited until he had 17 points before putting MWP on him to shut him down (which he did).  Mikey just let Shannon score, leaving Ebanks on him.  Brown's rotations are the product of randomness and cluelessness.  Brown benches the confidence out of people like no one else.  McRoberts sat for 1/4 of the season and is just starting to get his legs back while Troy Murphy got regular minutes while playing so-so.  Ebanks and Goudelock get no playing time despite outplaying Steve Blake (who is terrible).  No one can explain why Goudelock has disappeared from the lineup despite playing well, Ebanks has been given no chance at all and as a result his in game defence is very poor right now despite the fact that I think he has the capability of being an Ariza like defender.  Finally, Brown doesn't stand up for his players.  Drew getting ejected against Houston can be directly traced back to Brown's apathetic attitude towards bad refereeing towards one of his star players.  Drew is getting pushed in the back while in the air, which is a dangerous play, and Brown says nothing to the refs.  Further, Drew is getting trash talked by the Houston bench all night - refs say nothing, Brown says nothing.  Drew says 3-4 words back tot hem and he gets ejected.  Brown's reaction:  catatonic.  Brown sends film to the league and says "I'm curious about a rule interpretation".  How about sending it to the league and saying "I'm hoping they do something that prevents one of my best players from suffering a season ending injury because the refs are letting flagrant calls go".  Get rid of Brown and this team is much better.
LeBronze Headb4nd::Kobe is the MVP. This team wouldn't even make the playoffs without him.
DhanvinD::I like the man, but I thought Mike Brown was known for his defense? I'm guessing players aren't listening to him because he always had good defensive teams in his time in Cleveland
abryant_grant::Lakers need to dump Matt Barnes. I've been saying it over and over again he doesn't produce trade his $@%.
eightbitme::The Lakers are much better without Kobe.  smfh  :-(
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::No phil = Big problems
Shawn1807::WOW Steve Nashs' OLD A S S just whipped up on the Lake show and Bynum is making M.W.P. look like a boy scout these days. Great team you have there L.A. Just add "THE RAPPIST" and you now have the least classy team in the NBA. Congrats.
SpurzWarz::Rapist is spelled with one p!
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::I now hope that the Kobe/Lebron injury comparisons can stop now. Considering that Lebron can play through his injuries without rest, unlike Kobrick.
winters999::lets see.  3 of the last five years kobe has played all 82.  lebron has NEVER played all 82.
Deeznutz234::Wow that's a awful comparison.  Kobe has played through way more injuries than lebronna
AceVenturaMavsCoach::Now you know how much it sucks playing with injuries.. Bi.Tches
Deeznutz234::This guy ustna is the biggest loser, not to mention a clippers fan.
damn334::kobe after the game talking to the press about the lost and not playing http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFi2mx-Zq9M&amp;feature=channel i hope this is just for one $@%!$@% game we need him out there asap
its me the original::even if the lakers and the clippers have the same end record the lakers will have the higher seed because thay beat the clippers 2 out of 3 times.
ustna::Did you just figure that out?
Deeznutz234::^ Hater
IsRoseChinese::Boy do the Lakers SUCK! STINKING 500 team! ROFL!
its me the original::the suns r not a sub 500 team
mark35345::You write like a third grader.
mark35345::Not taking last night as opportunity to school D. Morris and Andrew G is just stupid. You're gonna lose anyway with Bynum and Gasol ignoring defense and looking at each other while the opposition dunks in your face. The Lakers think they can stiff games like last year and turn it on come playoff time? They learned absolutely nothing last year...
rott117::The Lakers need help now from OKC  to keep the #3 seed. With 9 games to go, the Clippers play OKC twice. However, the Lakers play SA, who is just as good, three times...two on the road. As tight as the Western conference is now, they don't need to lose any more games...starting with NO.
pacocassidy::kobe proved why he is MVP last night
TiGm4N::ya nobody goes off on kobe like that
pacocassidy::without kobe they lose by 20 to the suns??? bynum 10-27.... only reason bynum shoots a really high percentage is because they cant double off of kobe.... kobe has elite defense as well and lakers without their team leader in defense give up 125 pts....
Yungdubz27::Kobe wouldn't have let Shannon Brown go off like that last night.
dewdude9000::You need to watch more Laker games apparently because Kobe's defense has been anything, but elite this year
ustna::joke?
Douglas937::Lakers will go nowhere in the playoffs with a joke like Bynum on the team.
Douglas937::Bynum biggest jerk in the NBA.
Over One Million Owned::Best 5 teams in the West going into the playoffs Spurs, Thunder, Grizzlies, Clippers, Lakers
Over One Million Owned::The Lakers are devoloping a culture of failure. Very unproffesional
Ironmanxrs2::Do they pay you to come on here and troll?
Swimbikeron::Monster games by Gasol and Bynum.  53 points, 31 boards, almost 55% from the floor.  Wheres the perimeter D?  Then again, Telfair and Redd aren't going to light it up like that again all season
bustoz81::ONE BENCH PLAYER ABUSED THE WHOLE LAKER BENCH..NOT A WHOLE LOT TO BE PROUD OF THERE..NOT THAT DEEP THIS YEAR
ustna::Yeah, they totally abused.....Robin Lopez?  Not a whole lot to be proud of right there.....
Over One Million Owned::Since Jan 30 the Spurs are 27-4 Wow!
Over One Million Owned::What the Spurs have done in a division with Dallas, Memphis and Houston is scary.
Over One Million Owned::Dragic sh/t on Kobe. Bryant may never play again.
Ironmanxrs2::I guess by that you mean that Kobe outscored him and never defended him because they play different positions.
ustna::Clips only a .5 game out Laker fans.....PANIC MODE
FTW2432::Yea its not the easy to win without the leading scorer in the NBA
Michael081201::It's not easy to win with 10 points from our bench-where Blake should stay.
Over One Million Owned::Three games against the Spurs and OKC once. Can you say 4 seed?
ustna::UH OH.....! LMAO
Over One Million Owned::Lakers have lost 6 out of 13  Kobe only sat out one game. Lakers over time would be better without Kobe.
raggy8292::shoulda finished high school
Over One Million Owned::Happy Easter rex
rex_coach::You 2! Thanks....
rex_coach::Have a great day all!  I don't have time to play with the VILLAGE idiots today...  ;)  Lake-Show all day!
Over One Million Owned::Bryant saw this coming and jumped ship. Dragic wore Kobe out.
Over One Million Owned::If Kobe would have played the Lakers would have lost by 40
