Brian Todd::You know who complains about refs? Losers.
Nate Stein::you watching the same game I am? Even the commentators who never talk about fouls are complaining
Christopher Paul Bowen::Last time these teams played Twolves fans blamed the refs and I stated that like evry other year, the Twolves were off to a hot start that they can't maintain, now your 8-8 and it looks like it was just another hot start
Michael J Ortiz::Nuggets are looking real strong as of late besides that breakdown in OKc and the back to back in Houston this team is looking legit. And watch when Gallo comes back!!!
Danny Leavitt::MN got away with more fouls than were called. Their only defense was to grab Denver's guards as the ran by. The T-Wolves play lazy.
Inna Koval::mcgee gets injuried nuggets play better  maybe they should get rid of him
Chuol Biel::No.
Christopher Paul Bowen::They need to bring him off the bench is all
Mason Wesley Lloyd::No one will take his contract unfortunately.  Such a bad contract.
Tom Totosz::Minnesota another victim of Nate Robinson
Nate Stein::Wolves want this. Refs are just pissing off the Wolves now and instead of complaining they are playing harder. Keep missing calls, and calling phantom pushes etc, its propelling the Wolves back into this game
Christopher Paul Bowen::Annnnnddddd they lost. Quit acting like the refs are interested in the Nuggets winning. Nuggets are just a better team right now get over it.
Tom Totosz::Thats game. Just when you thought the wolves might be turning a corner they go and stink up the joint. Just another bad year for minny, nothing has changed or ever will
Tony Hartmann::sad, but true
Christopher Couser Dc::What the heck has happened in MN?..thought they were better than there record shows.
Christopher Paul Bowen::Love and Rubio are overrated and Kmart kills the flow of the offense and they don't play any defense.
Jeff Fitch::Christopher Paul Bowen Wrong, what happened is they are entirely overplayed. Look at the minutes of the starters vs. the bench. It is horrifying. Every starter has 38+. They just get worn down, and Adelman just has no confidence in his bench for some reason.
Christopher Paul Bowen::That makes it worse. But you have a pg that cant score or play defense. Klove is just a stat stuffer and kmart is just trying to get his points. Its a fantasy team not a basketball team
Nate Stein::Miss a call on the wolves call a phantom foul on MN
Justin VanTassel LaBare::whats there starting 5 im pretty sure its looked something like that for bout three years obviously teams add new players and drop players but can you tell me the starting 5 for the wolves last year I only see 2 players that started and the rest have moved on ak luke and now d will and Rubio and pek also missed a lot of time. not the same team
Christopher Paul Bowen::No. Foye and Hickson both start, neither of them started last year or were even on the team. Thats 40 percent buddy.
Justin VanTassel LaBare::when Danilo comes back whenever that is he will start and that will be 20 percent smartass and i already said i spaced iggy
Christopher Paul Bowen::Justin VanTassel LaBare Wrong again!!! Danilo will start for wilson chandler not hickson or foye....still 40 percent. Stop talking about a team you know nothing about.
Nate Stein::we need Mbah A Moute bad, love the trade picking him up, our D needs help and he should be the perfect fix. He did a great job on Chris Paul the other day, and while Rubio is an underated defender very capable of guarding PG's Mbah A Moute can easily guard the 1-4 for us agianst the opponents star
Alan Pettyjohn::To all The Chicken Little "we shoulda kept Karl" fans: Denver has the exact same record at this point as last year! (And Karl's team lost the next 3...looking, ..well...lost while doing so)
Charles R. Murray::Awesome! 57 wins plus, here we come!
John Osaki Jr.::Rubio fans, check out his awesome potential in Dominique Wilkin's chapter in the new edition 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Danny Leavitt::Rubio is over-rated.
Tony Hartmann::Danny Leavitt: Rubio can't defend or shoot.
Mickey Doherty::Nuggets have always been a great home team with the altitude. Away from the Pepsi Center, they've beaten the Jazz and Mavericks, and lost 4. I think the Wolves take this one and get back on track after a recent stumble.
Justin VanTassel LaBare::Vladimir this is the first year the t wolves have played together Denver has had that team they had for like at least 3 years give the wolves 2 months we will get some winning streaks in there
Christopher Paul Bowen::You obviously don't pay attention, the Nuggets are playing with a bunch of new guys this year. Foye, Hickson, Darrell Arthur Nate Robinson
Vladimir Tsalyuk::yea actually the wolves have the exact same team as last year except with martin and brewer. Nuggets have a much worse team now because they lost iggy and brewer and replaced them with all those chumps Christopher just named. Nuggets win more games every year tho because Minnesota just loves losing.
Christopher Paul Bowen::Vladimir Tsalyuk That's the most uneducated thing I have ever heard. Minnesota loses more games than the Nuggets every year because every year the Nuggets have a better team. We are talking 10 years where this has been true, that's no coincidence.
Marc Pascal::I haven't watched many Wolves games so can someone tell me how this team could possibly be on its way to below .500? They're all healthy aren't they? What gives?
Shahaab Tehrani::Lack of bench production will hold back the T Bags the entire year. Vikes stink, Twins are a joke and the T Bags look like they will miss the playoffs...again.
Nate Stein::or until they get Mbah A Moute ready, and Budinger healthy. Wolves have a ton of talent and will be a top 5 team in the west when all is said and done. Vikes have some great pieces and are 1 year removed from the playoffs and could be back again next year with a good offseason. Twins have by far the best farm team in baseball, are making a bunch of noise in FA so far. All three of these teams can be playoff teams in just a few years.
Shahaab Tehrani::I like your optimism. Hope all three teams make it happen soon.
Nate Stein::Hummel -9 in 2 minutes, Cunningham -20 in 16 minutes, JJ is -16 in 16 minutes. Bench really needs to produce more, really missing Luke Ridnour right now
Daniel Miller::After reading this preview it sounds like the t-wolves luck has ran out. Kenneth Faried and JJ Hickson are gonna be all over k love tonight and look for nate or T-Law to put up about 30 go nuggs
Travis Colbert::It's hard to be a t-wolves fan when the refs are always against us.  I guess the nba thinks Denver is a more popular team, and would help ratings in the playoffs
Brian Todd::Yes. I'm sure that's it. Denver with all its superstars, always getting that superstar treatment.
Nate Stein::nothing has ever gone MN's way. It's funny how they see obvious fouls on one end, but dont call the foul and if MN tries to breath on DEN its a foul on the other end
Brian Todd::Good luck the rest of the way.
Nate Stein::Refs need to wake up and start calling fouls when guys foul Pek. Just because he is superhuman strong doesnt mean he cant be fouled.
Tom Totosz::Minny letting Denver shoot .640? Wow. Thats the kind of defense you get with guns like Brewer and Martin on the floor.
Nate Stein::Lots of contested shots, should be hard for DEN to keep up the shooting percentage, but the 8:1 offensive rebound advantage should be something to keep the Wolves in it till DEN cools off a bit
John Martin::Rubio shot 50% and had 11 assists but seven turnovers. He can't seem to get all parts of his game to work together,
