Rocketswin2013::ds
deymayor::Check the Nets and Knicks remaining schedule and if they win the games they should win, both will finish with 50 wins and the Nets will take the division by having a better Conf record.
NYK0107::Kmart's open for business.  Knickstape!!!  http://tinyurl.com/GoingtotheKnicksGame
diziboi::im really happy we got martin. he is still athletic and fast and defend well. why did we not pick him from the start of the season really happy we got him eventually.
KillaKane24::Someone fill me in, was this B2B, same team same arena, originally part of the schedule or did some previous delay cause this?
nehmo20::They played in Toronto on Friday night and NY on Saturday. Same team different arenas.
Aint that the truth bro::its harder to defend melo, hes stronger and can bang for days. kd might be taller faster and might have the stats of a better shooter, but watch a knick game and tell me if you want to guard melo iso down low.
pico2013::Guys is it just me or does everybody here want to see Streak vs Streak : Miami vs Denver : Heat vs Nuggets.
OmniVersal::Not really. If anything that's what the NBA will be pushing for.
yanks7orang44::You wouldn't know that we have won 4 in a row from these so called ESPN "experts". However, as soon as we lose 2 in row, these "experts" will all be saying that the Knicks aren't a viable playoff team and will lose in the 1st round. Pathetic.
solita4091::Carmelo is not an NBA champion.
SatanForTheWin::not yet
OmniVersal::You can tell ESPN was waiting for the Lakers to get a .500 record so they could rank them above the Knicks. Goes to show what experts ESPN has LOL
Nayrock10::why when some 1 from the knicks get hurt they play better with out that player lol
Nayrock10::next stop boston
floyd1243::The media like to give the impression that a single player can get u to the finals and win a championship, only two players have done that in the last 15 years. Kidd did it with the Nets but did'nt win championship and Lebron did it with Cleveland and he could'nt win championship either. Both have the type of game that make their team mates better.
The_JTrain_3000::Dirk did it in 2011 and $@%!.in won
agoods03::Iverson did it in Philly and lost to LA
mazwine::There is no question in my that the Knicks are a better team than the raptors and if they meet in the finals the Knicks would win in five games .... Oh you mean the raptors aren't a playoff team so who cares if carmelo and Knicks padded their stats ..:...... Catmelo is a selfish stat padder
OmniVersal::Apparently you care seeing as you wrote a paragraph and self liked to show how much you "don't care" LOL
knicks its our time::Kenyon martin is a beast we should got him before copeland and james white
MonsterCook666::I still can't believe that the Knicks are the second seed in the East.  Pathetic.  Miami WILL lose in the finals to either OKC or DEN!
OmniVersal::OKC? No.
RangerProof_99Roca::Suck it boss. Go Knicks!
Skip Mindless::Tomorrow's Headline  "NY Thuggets help the Knicks get a win".
Ontario925::NYC,Toronto,Montreal,and Chicago as beautiful interesting entertainment cities even on their worst day&gt;&gt;&gt;Boring as hell Denver on it's best day.
Ontario925::I have now been convinced the Knicks are a better team than people and myself give them credit for. Sure they are not exactly the Heat and Pacers level yet but if they add a couple more of very good fast young sniper shooter duo excellent defender guard players they can raise the bar level of what they can potentially compete successfully with all the NBA elite teams.
BigPhilly517::They are absolutely on the Pacers level.
DeviantU::The Craptors will suck forever.
jackson0780::What did jr smith do at the last minute to upset my degenerate friend ??
Nayrock10::I think the Nets are going to win tonight even tho I don't want them to win but I'm happy they are in NYC
jack frrom the titanic::I went on the Nuggets  board the other night and they laughed at me for being a Knicks fan w/Melo on the team
floyd1243::Won't mean a thing if Denver loses in the 1st round again.  Can this team go to the Finals is the question?
erica9777::Six years prior to Melo...Knicks didn't sniff the playoffs.  With Melo, going to the third straight playoffs.  Prior to Melo, Denver was irrelevant....with Melo,...they went to the playoffs every year.  You don't have to like him but don't let your hate blind you.
NYsportsfan223::As well they should.  Considering that trade turned them into a contender, and we got an immature child in return.
cmoussi::Carmelo &gt; LeBrick
IU_Hooisersmomlovesbbc::Only at the buffet line.
Nayrock10::I think the Nets is going to win tonight even tho I don't want them to win
jack frrom the titanic::Nuggets win there 15 straight
Nayrock10::What team do you want the Knicks to play in the playoff?
jack frrom the titanic::Atlanta
John 0oe.::Seriously, what is wrong with Stoudemire? He is not listed on the lineup.
Sprewell184::he had a knee procedure like he did back before the season started, except it's his other knee. it takes 4-6 weeks. hopefully he will be back by playoff time, but he will be rusty.
floyd1243::unfortunately, this is what u can expect from Stat for the life of his contract. Doctors said this would happen. Knicks had to know this would happen when they could'nt insure him. Should not have given up 5 years and 100 million. Stat will probably need knee replacement on both knees by the time he's 40. Don't expect to see Amar'e anymore this season, or the playoffs, unless the Knicks make it to the Finals. Even with the limited playing time the knees broke down.
jack frrom the titanic::I think he had surgery on his knee and will be out the rest of the year
jvberg37::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbjFBMKcNY4
jack frrom the titanic::Kenyon is playing great but I do hope the Knicks can resign him, he will be a FA next year
Sprewell184::wish we signed him beginning of the season! his defense and hustle is exactly what we need always!
Rick Grimes.::gerald wallace just flopped.
jack frrom the titanic::will you give her up?
western_welker::Shumpert shooting .346 on the year
Nayrock10::You better hope Knicks beat Boston and hope we don't play them in the playoff lol
markanthony123ful::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGRBD5eOCrY
markanthony123ful::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGRBD5eOCrY
Young_Guruu::oops
markanthony123ful::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGRBD5eOCrY
John 0oe.::What happened to Amare?
Sprewell184::he had a knee procedure done again, this time on his other knee, out for 4-6 weeks.
Young_Guruu::Beat Memphis you P O S Knicks.
Nayrock10::How happy are we for the Knicks?
floyd1243::Knicks bring in Camby, Wallace, and Thomas before even giving Martin a look. What does that say about the Knicks picking  talent?
JPP...SMASH::I love idiots
ktan88::What does that say about the rest of the NBA? Only the Knicks picked him up.
floyd1243::Rest of the NBA did'nt look to fill their team with big men over 35 like the Knicks did.
Heightz10::I guess we all figure out who is the problem. Stat needs to stay home and just cheer. Please all real knick fans is begging u to stay home. Playoff line up. Felton, shump, melo, kenyon, tyson. And u will see a remix of the old knicks with different results
atom_UP::You guys are being way to hard on the guy that made the knicks relevant again. Stat always plays with heart and his numbers were great coming off the bench. It's unfortunate he got injured again but I'm looking forward to him coming back. Remember this guy made us a playoff team as the sole star player on the team, prior to Melo and Chandler joining up with him.
thebiglebongski::at least LJ did something with what he was given. STAT can't even take the court damn
newarkplaya1::lol really you all are depending on Kmart no wonder yall hopes are always dashed
Heightz10::He is LJ. Ewing thought he finally had a superstar to help him. But dude came with an injured back. Melo get criticize for one reason only. Cause he is not lebron james.
alex33764::got so many options , nothing against amare but hey i feel like he got paid to be hurt as a knick ...so as  a new yorker would say " go $@%! ya self"
alex33764::we are back out of no where huh??? one minute are time is shot , then we regroup and bam melo is playing . I think these injuries might have been a blessing cus it gives us confidence in are bench ....look for a strong run in the playoffs ... i think miami will b surprised
whatsdoing::grip on the 2 seed for now......
floyd1243::Looks like Melo has found his shooting touch again. Not shooting as many 3's is a good thing for him and the team. Martin is what a center looks like on offensive who is not afraid of receiving the ball in the post. I rather not see him shooting 15 footers. Pablo continues to be a pain in the a$$ for opposing guards. If he was'nt on my team I would hate that dude. Shum, seems to be getting it together, on both ends of the court.  Don't know who got to Smith, but he looks dam good taking that crap to the basket.
Miami Are Champs::ok so they at least beat the toronto raptors does that mean anything
floyd1243::Yes, Its a game they are suppose  to win and we move on.
Heightz10::We did beat miami by 20 twice. R u impress by the heat, i dont think knicks r
Miami Are Champs::yeah in the regular season not in the play offs
Chris31708::The Heat have been down double digits against lottery teams numerous times during their "win streak", does that mean anything?
Miami Are Champs::yeah it does cause it showed they can come back when they are down.
Miami Are Champs::i am  nutting on your mothers butt
Chris31708::Are the Knicks playing like a 21-9 team w/out Amare again?
The_JTrain_3000::my knicks are on a collision course with boston.  Wouldn't have it any other way
Chris31708::The Knicks are on pace to win at least 50 games w/ Woodson, last year w/ D'Antoni they almost missed the playoffs.  Say what you want to about Woodson's adjustments, but compared to D'Antoni he's a genius.
ice_in_my_veinz::james white is a bum. get rid of him
Martell Faye::<i> Dunk Contest trophy is the NBA Championship for the Raptors.</i>
ytic_kroy_wen::Knicks back in 2nd baby!
Old joker toker::2nd place= first loser
newyorkallday23::that honor is reserved for you soooooo yea
