Kyle::To watch basketball being played to it's purest I will have to admit you will have to watch Women's College Basketball and also the NWA! This game looks like a bunch of men gathered to play some 5 on 5 just because they are trying to avoid going home to their families. I am so glad that the college game is about to start and now more than ever any team can upset anybody! What have The Hawks Done. They might call it rebuilding but they have only 3 true players that can bring it every night. Al Horford, Jeff Teague, and well I will say Paul Milsap but that's a huge stretch. Horford is in the top 3 in every stat. Just a matter of time before they lose him. I am a life long Hawks Fan because I have lived in Atlanta all my life  and I have seen teams that Lost and Lost bad that had good Talent. This team is not talented as a whole just 1 very good player and 1 great player filled with maybe 2 roll players and the rest would be lucky to start in the developmental league.
Jersey Boy::Despite the win, the Knicks still have much work to do. It's still disturbing that this team cannot play a complete game. Blowing large leads are signs that the team relaxes and loses focus.  They lose their defensive intensity and offensive commitment to move the ball. When winning, they continue to take bad shots and this allows the other team to climb back into the game. We shall see if they can keep moving forward.
Justin Case::I watched this game, and talk about lack of unity and purpose from both teams. Many college teams, even with the shot clock, could outplay what I watched. Team turnover, quick shots without anyone under the basket at all. Sheesh, basketball should not be represented by this game.
Truth Be Told::The thing about Melo is he can hang 50 on Orlando and Charlotte during the regular season and inflate all his stats and percentages. Yeah great way to get on the all star team. Once the playoffs start, and he has to play a series against a good team that actually guards people (like Indiana), his numbers and percentages go down the toilet. In the playoffs teams want Melo shooting. Every year this guys field goal percentage goes down the drain once the playoffs start. He shot 40% in 12 playoff games last year! He cant do anything else besides score points on a high volume number of shot attempts. He doesnt pass and he doesnt play defense and he makes the players around him worse not better. A Melo that shoots 40% is worthless, and last year was the 5th year in his playoff career that he shot 40% or below. He's 20 games below .500 (23-43) in the playoffs in his career (worst record for any player with at least 50 games played in NBA history!) and its not a coincidence. Melo is diarrhea when it counts! He's a playoff choker and no team will ever get anywhere near a championship with him as the #1 option. Most overrated player in the game by far! Knicks fans chanting MVP at him is a complete joke. He'll never win an MVP or a championship. He has a lot in common with his MSG neighbor Henrik Lundqvist, who is also all regular season statistics and chokes every year once the playoffs start. 2 losers leading 2 overrated franchises to 1st and 2nd round playoff failures over and over and over again!
Michael L::The Knicks needs a legitimate threat at PG like Jeremy Lin, 31 points last game and 28 points and 11 assist at the end of 3 quarters today.
rekluse::There is no "Linsanity" Just shut the f up with that nonsense. That kid shouldn't even be in the NBA, he sucks balls, I find it brilliant that they play him off the bench now, which is all he deserves at the very best. Kid is a terrible player like every other Asian to play the game. Stop trying to be American cause your not.   Goodbye
Chris D::Would like to see Aldrich get some minutes tonight. I have a feeling Horford is going to be a problem.
willie::I hope Denver won't bite on the Faried-Shumpert trade.  Any player you pair with Melo gets pulled rock-bottom.  Faried deserves a better teammate... pls..pls...
Grace::The headline of this story should have read: "Andrea Bargnani lifts Knicks past Hawks, 95-91. Not Melo with his 37% shooting night!
Tin V::Melo with a most impressive stat line: 25 pts on 25 shots.  Seems the norm for this year.
