JoeM::I was wondering the same thing.  I don't think he is that much of a factor on defense anymore either.  I don't think he will be starting too much longer.
The Barber::Jackson's 7 turnovers cost us this game.
Jeff::For anybody criticizing Kevin Durant, dude was 15-28 from the field, well over 50%.  If I were his  coach and he makes that percentage, I'd tell him to shoot 50 times.
Steven McCormick::Kevin says he wants to shoot less and rely more on his teammates.   If's he feels this way --- perhaps he ought to  PASS THE BALL a bit more.  The problem with Durant is the only person on the team he really trusts --- is Westbrook. He has to learn to trust other teammates. What I want to know is --- what's the heck's wrong with Ibaka. He's usually good for at least 15 points.
Jaime M::Interesting development.  Questions are now surfacing.  OKC is no longer the young scary team.  They are starting to fray around the edges, with Westbrook's injuries.  Makes you wonder if they should've signed Harden and gone for it when they had the chance.
Tony::STOP AIPAC BRAINWASH -  Ever see even one single movie portraying Jewish as agressors at any time? Even though they have killed over 100 Million Chrisitans-Catholics-Buhdists-Hinduhs-Muslims-Sihks-etc since just 1900 and people as noteable as Benjamin Frankling in 1700s's even have warned of the Zionist War machine... our government -media-insurance-banking-entertainment - all owned by Zionist AIPAC supporters and taxing Americans for their terrorism of the non-jew.  Norman Finklestein (Jewish and son of two Holocaust surviviors) -- "Israel is like a junky that needs a fix starting war after war... they explout the Holocaust and mnipulate the numbers to make themselves look victim."
Vlad::welcome back marc gasol! now the griz can make a playoff run
Tasos::Welcome back Marc!!!
songstressdjb::Go Grizz! Way to go for another win! Welcome back Big Spain!
No_Rain_Check::Memphis can at least be the team, no one wants to play, come April.
