Colin Uza::30 pts on 13-17 shooting, with 9 reb and 9 assists...Just another day at the office!!!  LBJ!
Paul Snurpus::Lebron's up-to-date FG %...  0.598.
Miracle Odurukwe::haha..thats just absurd
Alan Ogg::Heat win, 94 comments?   Heat lose, we get 1000000 comments about how they wont 3 peat, LBJ sucks, bla bla bla...  Oh god, the haters are ghost! Especially the Pacers 'fans'
Liam Sibson::Congrats on beating a 6-21 team...that actually LEAD AT THE HALF! ROFL
Alan Ogg::Liam Sibson congrats on having a selfie with a hoodie on...
Liam Sibson::Selfie=Retard making a duck face in a bathroom mirror while holding smartphone in front of them despite the fact that every smartphone has a front camera, thereby nullifying everything and making them look stupider.  Selfie=/=My profile picture, of which is completely irrelevant. Scared?
Miracle Odurukwe::i've never seen a player that surprises me like bron..i'll be yelling at him to pick it up, then look at the box score and he's posted a casual 21 7 7 on >60%..even us heat fans seem to grade him on a different scale..
Donaven Murray::Greatness my friend, Greatness. Enjoy it.
Christopher Cosper::As much as I hate to rain on you guys parade he's loaded with teammates BOSH HAS TWENTY AND SMALLER WADE had 27 points 5 rebounds . I love my team but lebron gets way too much credit with no wade there is no ring maybe Boah too. Let's not mention we have the greatest 3 point shooter and jump shooter ray allen. This ain't Cleveland more like an all star team
Al Sotowitz::Christopher Cosper  What? You sound retarded. So if you take away a teams players they get worse? If you take McHale and Parrish off those Celtics team, Bird would not have been as good? Is that the simplistically asinine point you are trying to make? Your hatred has blinded you from reality. No one can argue, with any validity, that LeBron is not great.
Donaven Murray::LeBron makes greatness look easy...too easy.
Donaven Murray::LeBron killing..per the usual.
Jason Womack::"Heat silence Jazz." Really? Utah is 6-21. They weren't making any noise in the first place
Jeffrey Nicholas::Jazz. Its a pun. "Ground the rockets." "Cool the Heat" "Clip the Clippers." They fly about as well as that creepy NO mascot, but the guys that write the headlines eat them up.
Alissa Dais::Get out of the barber shop lebron. We cut hair, we dont grow it.
Timmy Mohsen Harivandi::bet u would love to cut his dick hair lol lmfao!
Jonathan James Bresnihan::LOL
Evan Michael Soto::A nutrition manager that cuts hair?
Jabari Akil::LeBron has looked explosive lately, maybe his back is better?
Paul Snurpus::No question, he hasn't mentioned it for a couple of weeks, so it should be close to 100%.
Graham Strouse::I think so, Jabari. The Heat are definitely playing it cautious so far this year but LBJ is looking a lot more dangerous. He's finally hitting the boards regularly again--something he & Bosh really need to do to get through the Pacers.
Marcleen Bavogui::Graham Strouse something the whole team need to do .. not only 2 guys
George Miche'l Reynolds::The Heat have won 17 straight games against the West. The 2nd longest streak for an Eastern Conference team against the West in NBA History.
Liam Sibson::In this era, that's unimpressive.
George Miche'l Reynolds::In this era? Lame because in THIS era the east is vastly lower than the west. So it is very impressive. Try again
Liam Sibson::No it's not, with the league constantly dickriding the cHeat and pressuring to get them to the finals, despite the fact that they aren't as good as expected.
Ian K-wizzie::Lebron just dominated all over their foreheads.
Karla Elden::Lol yes he did.
Jacob Call::He didn't dominate Alec Burks, who outscored the king himself, while taking the same number of shots too.
Ian K-wizzie::Bron Bron out-assisted Utah's PGs, including Burks, and outrebounded the Cs.  Burks can try wearing a hat if he wants.
Haris Khan::Wade back to back 20+ points game and superb field goal percentage! Wade will go from 19 ppg to like 22 ppg if he keeps up the pace and on the other hand Lebron has been playing unbelievably efficient basketball lately. Lets play like this against Indiana!
Chuck Smith::Will the heat ever play a team with a winning record????????
Oneil St. Laurent Campbell::Yes, they have the last three years in the finals.
Chelo Mejias::Celtics beat the Heat...and the celtics are 12-14...the heat are frauds this year...they'll get exposed in the playoffs
Marcleen Bavogui::Chelo Mejias they loss to the celtics so their frauds.. wow you`re an idiot.. did u expect them to go 82-0
Steven Rogers::anyone else getting annoyed when lebron skips out on triple doubles (usually an assist/rebound short) by sitting out several minutes by the end?
Brandon Tigues::I heard he rolled his ankle so he took a break
Marcleen Bavogui::dude rolled his ankle
Steven Rogers::i know he rolled his ankle, but he still came back in the game after didn't he?
Bill Ryan::Has any NBA player (not a center & scoring more than 15pts a game) ever shot 60% fg's? Lebron stats: 60%  fg's 42%  3PT
Brandon Tigues::the two stats I like most from lebron..is 9 assist and 3 turnovers, glad to see he's finally cutting down on those turnovers
Zach Perlman::I dont really care about this game but why is it on the front page as a top story? the heat easily beat the jazz as expected. I don't get it.
Liam Sibson::And they were actually down at the half.  Saved in the end yet again. They aren't that great after all.
Nick Bailey::The same Jazz the Thunder just beat by 30
Paul Snurpus::Great to see the Pacers suffer their first home loss.  Miami will be ready for them on Wednesday.
Jody George Prats::LeBron James is ridiculously efficient.  *MVP
Graham Strouse::Seriously, dude. He could go 60-40-80 this year. Pretty sure nobody has ever done that.
Chelo Mejias::THE HEAT ARE MASSIVE FRAUDS THIS YEAR, #EXPOSEDFRAUDS
Quinton Reuben::UMAD?
Chelo Mejias::Quinton Reuben   My Celtics beat the Heat this year...and it was beautiful baby girl....green in lebrons face like ahhhh!
Marcleen Bavogui::Chelo Mejias u loss to the worse team in the east not once but twice..
Colin S. Johnson::Are you sure it wasn't a flop?
Fred M. King::Hey Miami, how's Greg Oden working out for ya?  Or is he still just in the gym....working out!  He's too fragile to play in this league....but no-one listened.  We told Portland not to draft him....to take Durant....but no-one listened.  He had some decent games for us in Portland....but only played in 82 games in 4 years....and some of those were just 1st period minutes & then the bench with ice the rest of the game.  He's just too fragile....that's all there is to it!!
Ilya Kolodiychik::Do you live in a cave or something? He was signed to play in May, not in December.
H.r. Rearden::Whats the point half wit?  If he plays 10 solid playoff games for them this year, its a steal for his salary, little downside risk.
Marcleen Bavogui::take your pill and go back to bed... i dont know if u did not get the news.. they dont need him in the regular season. they brought him in for the playoffs. so take it easy until the playoffs starts
Rodolfo Valentino::so Heat have beat the Western Conf 17 straight times looks like the morons saying the heat cant compete cause they are in a weak eastern conf is out of the haters comments now haha hate on haters!!!
Jamie Brentwood::You are hella retarded.
Corey Hardin::Anyone who says the two time defending champions can't compete with the western conference has sh*t for brains.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Wade gives the Heat the extension on the 4th quarter lead and Lebron closes. ALWAYS BE CLOSING.
Conner Anderson::So how about Burks? 29 Pts, 2 Reb, 4 Ast, 4 Stl?!!!! Talk about a bench performance tonight!!
