R Bond::It was sad watching D-Will foul out with a double digit lead.  He had a look on his face after the next possession that said:  "Now watch these fools blow the lead and loose this game!"  It was the saddest expression I have ever seen on him.  The happiest expression will be: "Orlando, Here I Come!!"   LOL
YourAirballnessKobeSteak::D-Will is quite good. No doubt about that. However, he outplayed Lin becos the former has much more experience in NBA games.
R Bond::D-Will is an Olympic Gold Medalist and Champion...he is a lot more than quite good.    No excuses need to be made for his exceptional skills.    He is a World-Class Champion who had his jersey number retired in Turkey after one season!!.
c420los::no kidding I thought Williams was a rookie
Jamaal 43::But D-Will was giving Lin work last night tho
Jamaal 43::The Knicks still should not be a three point shooting team. Being a three point shooting team takes away from what Amare, Melo and Tyson can bring to the table, which is suppose to be the best front line in the NBA, in side the paint. The Knicks have an advantage over every team in the league with their front line but Mike is obsessed with shooting the 3 ball and that's going to hurt the team in the long run.
R Bond::Threes spread the floor...in moderation that is...
RamblinWrck::Deron had a phenomenal game. Others agree that it was an anomaly motivated by revenge. For all the questions of Lin's sustainability, the same could be said of Deron. He's not as mentally disciplined as Lin. He doesn't play at a high level for the sake of his teammates, but for his own glory. It's a shame that for all his physical talents, his Achilles heel is mental.  More telling is whether they can even muster a run into playoffs as the bottom seed.  Deron also ranks significantly lower than Lin on Hollinger's PER list.
..TheSixthHeatle..::Do the tattoos have something to do with it?
Gamham34::Atleast lin does not have tattoos. Great rolemodel
3DWade6::What happent to Melo
YourAirballnessKobeSteak::He needs more time to get back the normal NBA mode...
Gamham34::It was not melo! It was the knicks not playing with energy, and the nets got lucky cause of d-williams.
truther07::Deron Williams is a punk who got tired of hearing all the attention that Lin was getting. Now if he could just be that mad in every game than he would be a great player. But nooooo, he has to be motivated by some guard named Lin getting all the attention. Williams plays only when he wants to, which is rare.
trollslayer14::wow u people are dumb as hell. saying lin a guy that played 10 solid games is better then dwill who has played at a hall of fame level for 7 years is plain ignorance. Lin would have maybe 2 wins playing with the likes of petro sheldon williams etc
YourAirballnessKobeSteak::D-Will's rookie statistics is worse than Lin. That's the fact.
RamblinWrck::Consider this: if you swapped Deron and Lin in similar situations, there's a high likelihood that Lin would be leading the Nets to victories. Remember, Lin &amp; the Knicks won 7 in a row with scrubs (no Amare or Carmelo). Meanwhile Deron pouts and has a bad attitude.
Gamham34::Still....    Lin&gt;Deron
trollslayer14::people that assume this are dumb. dwill plays hard every night, hes just not on fire like this all the time(no1 is). i watch nets games, he plays hard all the time. sometimes he is frustrated his team sux, but he gives effort.
_TheSixthHeatle_::His attitude could use a little wok though...I mean work.
vegaskid2006::Sounds like Dantoni is not 100% sold on JLin...he said he would consider starting BDavis when he gets into game shape,putting JLin back on the bench..i think that would take all the excitement away from this team..why would he consider this move?Sounds like Linsanity is not gonna be around long..oh well fun while it lasted....Yes he did say this before the game yesterday.....
jonny0916::Every season, in every sport some of the weakest teams happen to beat some of the best teams during the regular season. Also, bears drop deuces in the woods.
Gamham34::D-williams just got really lucky. That s-h-it that he pulled was just plain luck and the knicks were tired from owning dallas the other day!
R Bond::Can't wait for the rematch in Dallas....It will be bloody.    Owned?!  If JET had hit that three &amp; guarded Smith on the break the other way, it would have been a different outcome.    Can't wait, can't wait!!   Linguini is a dish best served cold-  At the AAC in Dallas in March!
Jamaal 43::Last night, D-WIll wasn't a PG. . .he was a scorer. That's good for one game, not good for the team in a season or playoffs. He wanted (Pay Back 4 sho')
flybye23::what is  .388 ????   anyone know ???
RamblinWrck::I smell a hater.. and he stinks :D  The Knicks beat LA and Dallas, two top-tier teams. But of course that means nothing in your sad little world.  By your logic (or illogic), the Heat suck because they lost to Golden State and Orlando earlier in the season. Name one championship NBA team that has gone undefeated in the regular season. 'Nuff said hater.
lebrUncletom3::They beat the Mav's. They really suck.
flybye23::yep, the Mavs and Lakers are the only good teams and both of them havent played good on the road.
flybye23::ok....ok, i'll tell you guys, lol.   .388 is the winning percentage of the last 10 teams the knickerjokers have played.   gee, i wonder why they have won most of the games.   what a huge accomplishment.   they are still weak and won't do a damn thing in the playoffs.  but enjoy the overhyped hoopla while it lasts suckers !!!
STProcks23::Nothing about Williams' statements rings of MATURITY. I so sick of the, "I was disrespected" storyline. Hey Deron, you make like a gazillion dollars, so you should play hard EVERY night.
winterfresh98::he got disrespected by the words on Twitter.
bostonisreallyboring::he's disrespected because he plays for a lousy team too.
emaldonado864::Race issue again, man ratings must be down since Tebow's season ended.
winterfresh98::they should have never brought it up
bostonisreallyboring::http://espn.go.com/nhl/story/_/id/7007219/fan-throws-banana-philadelphia-flyers-winger-wayne-simmonds  deals with wayne simmonds and the banana incident.  read the comments.  some of them are priceless, with explanations of how it wasn't racially motivated.
jonny0916::Stop playing man you know damn well if you throw a banana at any black person anywhere itwill be deemed racist and very more than likely is
bostonisreallyboring::scroll down the comments.  i'm sure at least one genius used that defense.  "with you sensitive people, every hattrick is a hate crime."
winterfresh98::People are questioning the fact why is it deemed racist.   Well has anyone ever thrown a banana at a white player before?
bostonisreallyboring::yeah, typical idiot.
winterfresh98::I saw the first one and it made my co workers look at me like I was crazy.  It said "did he eat it? and the user had a picture of Sgt. Slaughter.....I dunno I thought that was funny
winterfresh98::I wonder if throwing hats onto the rink offends bald people
Desk Doctor::It does
Desk Doctor::'Mavs Club Celtics". I found this offensive. What is ESPN gonna do about it?
winterfresh98::I am offended too.  Mav dont use clubs they are gun slingers
bostonisreallyboring::"prejudiced"  at least get your conjugations right.
bostonisreallyboring::explain away the banana on the ice first.
Desk Doctor::or racist, whatever word you like best.
Desk Doctor::That was purposely prejudice.
bostonisreallyboring::there was an nhl game with an afro-canadian taking a penalty/overtime shootout.  as he was carrying the puck, someone threw a banana onto the ice.    most people were offended, but there were one or two bigots/rationalizers who said the banana was used to throw off the opposition.
c420los::exactly. how that S**t gets through all the editing is beyond me. they knew exactly what they were printing. i mean c'mon it is ESPN/ABC/DISNEY with a history of racism
bostonisreallyboring::on yahoo.  and in a headline.  it's not really witty when the word is a double entendre.    personally i don't care what you think.
bostonisreallyboring::why do you ask superfluous questions?
Desk Doctor::It is a necessary question. If you saw the interview where the phrase was used and you still think he was trying to be witty or use a pun then I will respect your opinion.
bostonisreallyboring::both...  when the guy was being charged, some a-hole media pundits used the "they throw stuff onto the ice all the time" line.  and technically, they are right.  yet it was a very rare afro-canadian player, and it was a banana.  kinda like ch!nk in the armor being a phrase, yet used on an asian player, and rarely used to describe someone else.  thus, you're sounding awfully close to the "pundits" who rationalized the banana on the ice.
Desk Doctor::Did you see the tape?
bostonisreallyboring::you can overlook Mayweather.  he's always been an idiot, and he gets his head bashed in 24/7.  with the espn tools, they're supposedly professional journalists.  could you really use a double entendre which also serves as a racist epithet, then say it was an honest mistake?
winterfresh98::An editor that should know what words mean is like a boxer knowing the angles of a fight.  My theory was he was trying to stir the pot and see if he could get away with saying something.  Lin's face was right there and then the title right below.  Honest mistake my assssssss
Desk Doctor::Hold on, are you talking about the headline or the other guy who said it in an interview?
bostonisreallyboring::"it wasn't racial....  people throw bananas onto the ice all the time"  --defense lawyer's lame argument
winterfresh98::I dont even know why race was ever brought up...oh yeah Mayweather
bostonisreallyboring::if he threw an apple or a tomato, he wouldn't have gotten into the same amount of trouble.    "but people of all races eat bananas"  --typical rationalization
winterfresh98::I think they got charged with a racially motivated aggravated crime in Canada...not sure
winterfresh98::The person I feel bad for the most is Lin.  He is doing what he loves and excelled at it and people from analysts to fans to other public figures are picking on him and pulling a whole race into it.  He did nothing to deserve this
bostonisreallyboring::i'm pretty sure he's been hearing it for a long time.  i wonder if/how he avoids reading or hearing it.  this will blow over after a while, and the media cartel will move onto some other topic.
winterfresh98::Oh of course, he was hearing since high school.  He handles it like a pro and lets it go.
bostonisreallyboring::btw, i still hate disney's real estate manipulation in florida more than the half-@ssed job they do on sports.  the latter just serves to distract people from the realization that these companies screw society over.
winterfresh98::This whole racial issue was first voiced by blacks.  Don Imus gets fired in an instant when he said what he said.  It took a whole weekend and a halfassed apology for ESPN to rectify the problem.
bostonisreallyboring::on the plus side for them, the constant rows over race allow for espn to garner easy ratings.  why do you think they employ tools like stephen a. jemele, skip, colin, jim rome, rob parker, etc.?  every once in a while they go too far and they have to sacrifice some expendable employee.
gatorfan808::Amare plays 35+ minutes and gets only 4 rebounds, now that is sad.  Power Forward?  I don't think so.
bostonisreallyboring::he's still upset with the bro..  and his knees aren't good anymore.
donnie426::God please bring an end to linsanity!
bostonisreallyboring::i wonder if people realize ESPN, ABC, and Disney are all the same company?  apart from the usual cast of race-baiting, sensationalist idiots like Stephen A, we also get   war mongering,  "screw the poor" econ reporting,  overpriced theme parks,  real estate manipulation, with lobbying to change real estate tax laws and a positive spin by ABC news.
bostonisreallyboring::stephen A, saying others are too sensitive, bringing in Jimmy the Greek, saying sportswriters are persecuted, bringing up census statistics.
winterfresh98::haha Stephens voice is cracking....
winterfresh98::Stephen A and Bayless just need to hump each others brains out and get it over with.  The fire in their eyes for each other is just too much to bear.
c420los::those two are a bunch of clowns
winterfresh98::Stephen and Skip just annoy me when they are pitted one on one
Desk Doctor::True, but I actually gain respect for Stephan A today in his response to ethnic sensitivity
bostonisreallyboring::barrel of monkeys?  cracker barrel?    ooh, who's getting all hissy now?    put on your kneepads and service stephen A.
Desk Doctor::No one would Fucking say that idiot.
bostonisreallyboring::what is it to you?  and how dumb can you get?    we can describe a black team as a barrel full of monkeys, and nascar races as welfare wagons.  you could "tolerate" and accept it.
Desk Doctor::nvm
bostonisreallyboring::gained respect?  the tool was all about rationalizing and obfuscating things.
bostonisreallyboring::"We're not really racist.  Our bosses want to get high ratings, and we're delivering for them."  -Stephen A. and Skip explaining it away
donnie426::Lin is soooooo hot!!!!!  -Sandusky
Desk Doctor::Too old.
Lemoney_3::lin is ugly get him out of my tv screen
Lemoney_3::fuck you asshole(arnold schwartzeneggar voice)
winterfresh98::thank you (in my own voice)
winterfresh98::Im sure you're a real ray of sunlight
1_win_at_a_time::Did Stephen A. Smith just say that the Asian community shouldn't be so sensitive about being called a "Ch!nk" but it's not okay to call blacks the "N" word....WTF!!!
1_win_at_a_time::very poor choice of words for the occasion.  someone like Stephen should know not to defend things like that...don't he know what the black community has gone through to defend things like so...
bostonisreallyboring::i don't think reasonable people of any color could sincerely agree with stephen a.  most people know he's just paid to be a controversial idiot.
bostonisreallyboring::yo genius, how often does espn describe a non-asian athlete in those terms?    or maybe you can't come up with a response cause stephen A. is in yo mouth.
1_win_at_a_time::never towards an Asian you idiot...
Desk Doctor::Um that phrase has been used thousand of times you idiot.
bostonisreallyboring::the next time someone uses "this team is having fun like a barrel of monkeys", i'm sure it can be excused.  the next time a nascar race is described like a "race to the welfare office", it can be excused.
Desk Doctor::have you seriously never heard of Ch*nk in the armor?
bostonisreallyboring::just how high are you?
Desk Doctor::None of those are common phrases.
1_win_at_a_time::he said they are too sensitive...and blacks can't be called that because there is a history behind the "N" word.  He said that if you didn't know calling an Asian a ch!nk is wrong then its okay. WOW!!!    Hello Stephen...Asians have a history too being called ch!nks... learn history before you open your mouth...
Desk Doctor::He didn't nor did espn call Asians that. Ch*nk in the armor is a phrase and has been used numerous times.
1_win_at_a_time::http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=espn:7598101
CommunityEds::That's actually by design. If you reference it, it's supposed to cross reference the conversation.
winterfresh98::holy crap, this comment ended up on that page....fix your forum ESPN!!!
winterfresh98::I cant comment on that page,  ESPN knows Im the real dictator
Desk Doctor::He did not rationalize it. People are so crazy and are so quick to hate.
bostonisreallyboring::stephen A.---rationalizing racism AND a sellout.
Desk Doctor::he did not say that on 1st take if that is what you mean
winterfresh98::wow, him saying that makes me dislike him more which now in the double digit of negative
Desk Doctor::milk, milk, lemonade, around the corner is where fudge is made
formido::What is hurting you?
formido::Just kidding, Lin had a good game. Sometimes you lose when a team makes 15 threes on 50% shooting.
formido::I hope this finally shuts the Linvalids up.
bostonisreallyboring::you wish.  there's always the hype, and always the haterz.  it's espn's MO for easy ratings.
badinVA::I thought it was racist to hang a camera in a restauraunt that mostly included asians.
jonny0916::seriously man regular people can tell that your on either crystal meth or crack. Or option 3, just a $@%!
jonny0916::t.a.r.d.
Desk Doctor::Hey, Meg, you eighteen yet?
badinVA::Want to know how fast you are forgotten? Just look at the NBA part in ESPN.com. Not one link mentions Lin. Haha.
winterfresh98::Are you serious, the main story says "All Lin team"
Desk Doctor::Test
brandonlee561heat::I thought this game would be a blowout, but the Knick's really hung in there!
Desk Doctor::lag
winterfresh98::lag
bostonisreallyboring::stephen A. and skip are talking about racial sensitivity.    it sounds like some SNL skit featuring hitler and stalin.  i'd pay to watch an octagon deathmatch between those two idiots.
winterfresh98::going to a Knicks game must be a buffet for people seeking asian girls
Desk Doctor::lol
Desk Doctor::Hello
nvorod24::Idiots have taken over this blog...later!
Desk Doctor::bye
Desk Doctor::.
Michael38061::"If thy right eye offend thee (Mello), pluck it out" - from the Bible
Michael38061::then you'll have two infected eyes. Tthat may lead to further complications
stone419::well if the bible says it, i'll be sure to ignore it
stone419::or just keep both eyes in
Michael38061::then you'll have to pluck out both eyes
jonny0916::I dont know who blows more the sacramento Kings or Carmella
jonny0916::they're probably moving anyway and like a true a hole i'm not even gonna have a new team. How can u pick a new team? Young guys and peope who never played sports i understand
Kirk Lazarus--Businessman--Philanthropist::AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
Kirk Lazarus--Businessman--Philanthropist::Wow. You're a great American. This nation owes you a huge debt. Now shut the $@%! up you dirty one
Kirk Lazarus--Businessman--Philanthropist::Wow. You're a great American. This nation owes you a huge debt. Now shut the $@%! up and let me do go first!
tbomber2::I'm a dude playin' a dude, disguised as anotha dude!
Desk Doctor::I will win this fight of quotes!
winterfresh98::glad to see you got the whole copy and paste thing down
nvorod24::I'd go with La La...
winterfresh98::Put in Jimmer, put him in put him in...BUST
Desk Doctor::You see, the bowler hurls the ball toward the batter who tries to play away a fine leg. He endeavors to score by dashing between the creases, provided the wicket keeper hasn’t whipped his bails off, of course.
jonny0916::whoa smoke crack much Kirk?
Kirk Lazarus--Businessman--Philanthropist::Yo $@%!$@%! This motha' $@%!$'s dead. Ain't no Chris Angel Mindfreak, David Blane trapdoor horse $@%! jumpin' off here!
Desk Doctor::I’ve had new neighbors before, but none of them were half the man you are. Since you’re half a man already, that splits them into some kind of fraction I can’t even measure.
Desk Doctor::If something itches should you itch it?
winterfresh98::preparation H ,on the whole, does feel great
FlawlessVictoryKid1.0::Lin's father: See Lin he doctor...you be like him.  Lin: :(
nvorod24::Lin it!
Kirk Lazarus--Businessman--Philanthropist::Wow. You're a great American. This nation owes you a huge debt. Now shut the $@%! up and let me do my job!
tbomber2::COVA ME YOU LIMP DICK $@%GOTS!
Kirk Lazarus--Businessman--Philanthropist::Yo $@%!$@%! This motha' $@%!$'s dead. Ain't no Chris Angel Mindfreak, David Blane trapdoor horse $@%! jumpin' off here!
tbomber2::lol are you just quoting tropic thunder
stone419::id scratch it
Desk Doctor::good point
42Wolverine21::the heat fin gon run away wit this championship
Kirk Lazarus--Businessman--Philanthropist::Im a land farmer, MOTHA *******8
Kirk Lazarus--Businessman--Philanthropist::You kick in the door to my house all ants in your pants, sucking my left nut to get a TiVo scrap for the 3rd runner-up 'sexiest man alive' 1998... And you're asking if I'm SERIOUS?
winterfresh98::you got crack from the wrong guy, I told you to go to 114th st
