Tin V::Seriously, what's up with Chalmers and his wanna be tough guy act?  This is the second week in a row where he's elbowed a player who was significantly taller than him in the head/neck area.  The funny thing is that he acts innocent every time he does it like he was naturally swinging his arms.  For a 6'3" guy you've got to really intentionally swing up your elbows to land a on a 6'10" Blake Griffin and 7 foot Nowitzki.  Punk really needs to be suspended a few games.
TinyT::To those who want to start Beasley, the reason Spo starts Haslem is because of defense! They have the big 3 + Chalmers who can score when he needs to! Haslem is the one who takes the beatings down low from the centers! Plus, if you take Beasley out, who does that leave to score on the second team? It would be Cole/Allen/Battier/Haslem/Anderson (that would not score much outside of a couple 3's)! You surely wouldn't want Beasley trying to defend West/Hibbert and the other good bigs in the league!
Black Dynamite::I'm becoming concerned that Shane Battier may not have any tread left on his tires.  His shooting has been atrocious since that Indiana series.
D B::Criticizing Spo as a poor coach is NOT evidenced by his coaching a winning NBA championship team the last two years.  He utilizes a style needed by the Heat team.
sda::Put Beasley on the starting rotation and Miami won't be getting off to such slow starts. Its clear that when Haslem isn't in the starting rotation, the Heat get off to better starts because of the spacing. Don't know why Spo keeps sticking with Haslem as a starter, just makes things tougher for the Heat and they have to expend more energy in the beginning of the game to catch up.
Commenter::really 5 of those 8 steals from wade were fouls and james maybe dribbled the ball twice. Look how breeders get favored in the NBA meanwhile Jason Collins does not even get a chance
I State Facts And You Get Mad::Why is Spo such a dumb coach, last season in the Finals, the media had to give him the idea to start Miller over Haslem cuz he was too dumb to think of it on his own so what does he do to start the season, he puts Haslem back in the starting lineup and in the 6 games he has started this season, Miami has gotten off to a slow start... Miami plays small ball yet Haslem starts for some reason... Both Battier and Beasley can score yet Spo chooses Haslem who is no threat what so ever and clogs up the lane... But Spo is making Beasley earn his playing time cuz of how he acted his first time with the Heat, Spo doesnt care about wins or losses
Anton::Dallas knows how to beat Miami. Dallas by buzzer beater.
Ripple2803::Wade isn't what he used to be. No way they beat Indiana this year.
Rebecca Black::#$%$ LeFlop travelled the whole game. What a joke...
