steve tellers::I have always liked the Jazz, but why did the Spurs rest their 3 best players when they are fighting for home court throughout the playoffs??????
WillGonzo::Good win for the Jazz. They played their guts out. It sucks the way the whole Jerry Sloan/Derron Williams saga turned out. The Jazz mgmt really needs to harvest better talent. Time is ticking for the Jazz.. In all honesty it doesn't really matter if the Spurs are the 1 or 2 seed. It's all about entering the playoffs on an upswing of confidence, good health, and match ups. This year's Spurs team is deep and very talented. Last year the Grizz layed the smack down on my Spurs, but it's all good because the Spurs will bounce back strong during this years playoffs. After all, the Spurs have nothing to lose. They are the under dog team everyone loves to hate. Suck it haters.
slam_dunk_on_u::Wow touche touche spurt fans reported my comments.... so sensitive LOL
WillGonzo::slam dunk dork. I got something you can report: Your parents are brother and sister. Are you ready to watch the Spurts crush the Lakers? Why do you bother to post your comments on Spurs posts anyways. Nobody gives a damn about the Spurs anyways. But hey, if you feel the burning desire to project yourself as a chump to the rest of the world then knock yourself out. Mean spirited people like yourself are walking advertisements for low self esteem issues and low sense of self worth. You probably medicate yourself with enough booze to kill an elephant.. gulp gulp gulp.........
GsU -3000-GsU::way to bounce back Paul... big win Jazz! lets start a winning streak
Hollerationatory::Wow. Just look at the idiots swarming.
SPEN206209::If I remember correctly, back in the 80's the Lakers were fined  when Coach Pat Riley held out Magic, Kareem and maybe Worthy for a game or two at the end of one season; but I don't recall when it was changed.
slam_dunk_on_u::But anyways please answer me this spurt fans:  Where is the mighty spurts "best in the NBA bench"? I thought some of you said that your bench players can start in any other NBA team.  You said your bench players can beat the starters on any other NBA team.  Last night just showed that this isn't true.  You still need your geriatric starters to win games.  Your bench warmers couldn't even beat an equally short-handed Jazz team who was without some important pieces like Bell, Howard, Watson, Miles etc etc.  Your team was exposed once again!  "nough said!
mccoy3181::They still almost won the game even finishing the game shooting 2-7.  The Jazz had their best players in and the game was still in doubt until the last 3 minutes.  The bench had a bad game yesterday  in crunch time and also it was the national media who said the spurs bench could start in any nba team not the fans.  You need to get your facts straight before you put down the next NBA champion San Antonio Spurs.
mdupnic09::nothing you said is a fact its all opinion and childish name calling?
mdupnic09::do you know what facts are because nothing you said is a fact?
slam_dunk_on_u::I do name calling yes, but I also do facts
mdupnic09::stop hating
slam_dunk_on_u::Is not hating these are facts son
slam_dunk_on_u::I Just hope the NBA do something about it this is getting lame but what can we expect from such a lame team like the spurts and thier freddy krueger coach!
slam_dunk_on_u::The NBA should make a new rule and fine teams for deliberately rest players with no reason, this kinda of action damage the game image and also affects the fans with paid tickets which pay to go see the best players on the court.  Jazz players get a free pass for not playing thier players with a valid reason (injuries) but pathetic teams like the spurts who like to rest players for the hell of it because they are old should get a hefty fine or get suspended for a few games.
mdupnic09::and you pay to watch a good game and fans usually want to see their team win so seems like a win win for the jazz fans that paid to go to the game?
slam_dunk_on_u::But anyways regardless of resting players or not The Lakers will take care of this geriatric team on Wednesday and the Grizzlies on Thursday, so spurt fans can see that resting players is not the best formula for them.
mccoy3181::Oh Im so sorry I didnt know you were nostrdumba$$.  Your NBA knowledge is surely lacking.
slam_dunk_on_u::You'll see son, I maybe funny but I'm also truthful
mdupnic09::you're funny
slam_dunk_on_u::I really don't think so I actually think the spurts will have the same outcome as last year, OUSTED IN THE FIRST ROUND  by any team they play agaisnt not just the Grizzlies, You'll see son!
mdupnic09::funny because no matter the outcome im pretty sure the spurs will be everyones worst nightmare in the PLAYOFFS where it MATTERS do you really think we care what you think
slam_dunk_on_u::I made a bet that if the spurt win both games they will gain my respect but they need to win BOTH games not just one otherwise I will be spurts fans worst nightmare!
mdupnic09::so id the spurs win both of those games will you retract that statement and endorse the idea?
mdupnic09::you now manu git hurt in the last game of the season last year right? it hurt the spurs not to do this last year
slam_dunk_on_u::and you also check the fact that the grizzlies were without rudy gay so that would have even out the series but still got punked by the memphis team
mdupnic09::three years is not every season and the only playoffs he was injured for was last year. check your facts
slam_dunk_on_u::The flopper gets injured every year before the playoffs or during the playoffs so that make him and injury prone player and the best flopper at that!
jessemangelson::He's injured almost every season.
mdupnic09::not sure how two freak injuries make him injury prone but ok
jessemangelson::I'm making fun of him. Obviously flopping doesnt cause his injuries. Manu is just injury prone.
mdupnic09::yeah manu with a broken elbow is definitely 100% healthy
slam_dunk_on_u::All this idiotic spurt fans are quick to point out that Manu was injured last season but he played from Games 2 thru 6 and on the other hand Memphis was without Rudy Gay who didn't play at all!!
mdupnic09::so flopping = injuries? thats a ridiculous statement
jessemangelson::Manu gets injured all the time. To much flopping.
slam_dunk_on_u::My Point here is if they can't handle a compressed season and play constant back to back games they shouldnt be in the NBA but maybe in a retirement home or something, they did this last year and for what? it didnt work because they got mauled by the Grizzlies.
mccoy3181::Im not sure anyone told you but your opinion means nothing.
jessemangelson::You don't pay a couple hundred dollars to watch the bench play.
jessemangelson::Yeah I agree these players are making millions of dollars because the fans pay their salaries.
mdupnic09::you know they do this kind of thing in the nfl and nobody cries about it, grow up
goatlost::hA HA lol at spurs. You really did not think you were going to get the top seed did ya!
1719719719::For the Spurs being healthy and getting ready for the playoffs is the focus not the one seed. The funny thing is that the Spurs might end up with the top seed without really trying for it while the Thunder might not get the 1 seed trying their hardest to get it.
iTzDiRkFoR3::Who cares.. they sat their three best players.
luvnbayes::While watching I was thinking that two of the Spurs were having horrible games, Jackson and Green.  And who had the two worst +/- scores?  Same two.  If Jackson had shot a lick we win that game.
Frantismo::i thought the same, usually at least Green steps it up, but not this game... Don't even get me started on Jackson though, I literally only saw him hit like two jumpers, and miss so many wide open three's. No disrespect to the Jazz, they stepped it up when needed, but the Spurs played real sloppy, the 2nd unit had this game but played incredibly sloppy. It was just an off night.
aise5668::This is why the Spurs can't win a championship.  With a chance to get the number 1 seed, they choked, couldn't close the deal.  The West is still OKC"s to lose, sorry to inform you Spurs fans.
luvnbayes::Take Durant, Westbrook and Ibaka out of your lineup and see how you do in Utah.  There is ignorance and there is stupidity and then there is this post. by aise5668.
el_dude00::Really happy that you gave us this information despite being sorry to do so. Very thoughtful. Although wildly inaccurate, fraught with hyperbole, and completely full of crap, I'm glad you were able to muscle through that for this post. It's really, uh, something.
NOVABuffalo::foolish and uninformed post.  Spurs won the championship from 3 seed twice already.  It's about the playoffs, not the seed.
wizardofthewestoffense::i know right... Duncan, Parker or Manu took zero shots in the fourth quarter. They must be scared or something... or they were just sat out of the game cause it's the regular season. But I think they were scared, not just of OKC but of the uber talented, unbeatable Utah Jazz.
mccoy3181::And for your information the Spurs have not had a problem with OKC this season so I dont think OKC intimidates them at all.
mccoy3181::Because they purposely sat the best 3 players on their team and still almost won the game.  Yeah they suck.  Their bench almost beat the Jazz full team.  If it had been in San Antonio I guarantee it would have been different and the spurs would have got the calls the Jazz got.  Did you even watch the game?  The Spurs gave the Jazz a gift.
nallad47::The full team?? We had 9 players
Jon Bon Jovi 66::All i know is that if there's one coach you never bet against, it's Pops. The last time there was a lockout and a shortened season, who won the NBA Finals? The Spurs. Pops has got a very nice balance of veterans and young talent on his squad and a team that has no fear of going to OKC or any other place to win. San Antonio is definetly a threat to not only trump the Thunder, but to potentially win an NBA Championship.
luvnbayes::I'll go further, I honestly think the Spurs should be favored over the Thunder.  I think most coaches and GM's in the league would agree.
lamriverside13::Does Lebron have a pet? pet ring?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcT5mC7VmKE
daboafadem::Predicted Laker playoff finish:  After getting swept by the Clippers in round 1, Bynum punches Chris Paul to get tossed.  Metta World Peace punches Blake Griffin for dunking on him and gets tossed.  Steve Blake punches Pau Gasol for being soft.  Gasol retaliates and both are tossed.  Matt Barnes punches Luke Walton just for being at the game as a spectator and gets tossed.  Kobe Bryant punches Mike Brown and gets tossed.  Ramon Sessions punches himself in the face to avoid playing the rest of the game.  And that's it.  I'm out.
wizardofthewestoffense::When you say Gasol retaliates... you mean he cries, correct?
aaronearl365::We can only hope.
Shawn1807::The loss of Jerry Sloan was a loss not just for the Jazz but the entire NBA. I'm a Spurs fan and I thought it was sad.
daboafadem::No doubt.  D Will sure showed his loyalty there at the end of it all, didn't he?
Shawn1807::Yea eerily similar
aaronearl365::Yeah. But he isn't the only player who would've done that. Cough....Dwight Howard.....cough......
aaronearl365::It was. And to be completely honest with you, the vast majority of Jazz fans would have preferred the Jazz go on without Deron Williams and keep coach Sloan.
nallad47::No we would not. Sloan needed to go. We just did not need to sign his asst to a 3 year deal before proving anything
Shawn1807::Yea somebody said it earlier Bynum could not act the way he does on a Pop or Sloan coached team thats why I told my Laker fan friends last year with Phill gone they don't have a chance.
drgstarflash::The only way he comes back right now is if he can coach the Miami Heat...other than that he will never coach where there is no dominant player. He went from Jordan, to Shaq and Kobe. Now he's retired! So unless he can coach LeBRON, Wade and Bosh together, he ain't coming back
Redlands801::I hope not...
Shawn1807::Fools Gold thats why he's overrated
aaronearl365::Melo looked pretty legit on Sunday.
aaronearl365::Agreed! I don't think Derrick Rose will ever get one either.
Shawn1807::Yea the knicks have 2 of the most overrated players in the NBA Melo and Amare
daboafadem::Carmelo = no title.  Never ever ever.
aaronearl365::I don't think even Phil could win a title in New York. There are way too many problems on that team.
Shawn1807::I just can't imagine him coming back to coach.
aaronearl365::I agree. I think he's too smart to want to coach the Knicks.
daboafadem::He's done.  He has made all that money and he intends to enjoy it for whatever time he has left.  More power to him.
aaronearl365::Ha. That is true. Do you think Phil is going to coach the Knicks?
aaronearl365::i know this will never happen, but I think it would fix a lot of problems if head coaches were paid more than players. That would shift the power from the players to the coaches. They would get a lot more respect.
daboafadem::Bynum should have been suspended 40 games.  It was okay to do that to small market Indiana and Artest, but not big market LA.  Only once, with the Sprewell deal, did the league show some spine with a player.
daboafadem::Coaches should be able to bench players unpaid without any recourse from the players union.  Hold back a few game checks and see if that does not correct the problem.  Coaches cannot do this.  Only the league can, and only in the most extreme circumstances.  Bynum got suspended what?  4 games for trying to end JJ Barea's career?
aaronearl365::It's sickening. It is a league run by superstars. If they don't want their current coach, the team gets rid of their coach to satisfy their diva.
daboafadem::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLxGm3El1cI
daboafadem::Imagine how good he could be in this league that is so short on centers anymore.  Exhibit A for why I agree that the NBA should make the minimum draft age 21.  Many employers do.
Redlands801::Don't rip me apart for tis next comment cause it hurts to say. For the first time in my life I can say a good thing about Kobe. If you watch his reaction to that it's almost like  "W-T-F Bynum?" And generally looks disappointed at what just happened. He stayed behind instead of following Bynum....Ok now I gotta shower and get that off of me!
aaronearl365::Bynum's a punk.
daboafadem::Andrew Bynum - Laker Nation Ambassador to the world.
aaronearl365::Man, I miss having Deron Williams. What has the NBA come to? You have Dwight Howard allegedly wanting his coach fired......... Just all this garbage.
Shawn1807::Pop/ Sloan= CLASS
Redlands801::Beat me to it! Ha! Bynum wouldn't las a day on the Spurs or the Sloan-led Jazz
aaronearl365::Yep. Their players know who's boss. That's the way it should be.
Redlands801::Rephrase that to Jerry Sloan in place of Deron Williams. THAT is what I miss
aaronearl365::Yeah. It's still hard sometimes. We handled that situation poorly.
Redlands801::I couldn't even look at the bench those first few games without him
aaronearl365::It just doesn't feel like Jazz basketball without jerry......
Spurs_Fan18::He will be in Dallas next year.
aaronearl365::That's true. It will be interesting.
Spurs_Fan18::There is rumors and Cuban said he will be going hard after him and D-Will is from Dallas it's a big market so he has money and family.
aaronearl365::I hope not!
Shawn1807::How about the epic meltdown in Dallas? Could they miss the playoffs? How nice would it be to bounce them out of the playoffs again?
daboafadem::Spurs are part of a by-gone era.  Last team of their kind.  Draft late all the time, but scout well, get young players, develop them, make them fit.
Redlands801::Put together the right way as well
aaronearl365::That's the way it should be. Players need to have the mindset of wanting to play for one franchise during their careers.
Shawn1807::True that but I have much respect for the way OKC and Memphis put their teams together
Shawn1807::Even the Rockets had some klingers on Barkley, Drexler
Redlands801::The glory days of NBA basketball was the late 80's and 90's. The best players wanted to be on different teams and play against each other. There were no "Big 3"s or players requesting trades to teams with other superstars. The days of Magic, Jordan, Stockton and Malone, The Rockets with the Dream, Barkley, etc
Spurs_Fan18::We have a rookie who is the same in Kahwi Leonard. To think people didn't even want Pop to become coach when he was the Gm and fired Bob hill and wanted Pop fired after 1 year which led them to draft Tim Duncan and help become a great franchise they are today.
aaronearl365::Duncan is that type of player as well. You guys are lucky.
Spurs_Fan18::Yea Durant just loves the game of Basketball and doesn't care about stats or money he just loves playing.
aaronearl365::I feel like Kevin Durant is that kind of player. I just feel he is a good guy.
Redlands801::Exactly. Gotta find those down to earth, grind it out every day kind of players (Duncan, Stockton, etc) . Not the superstar college boys who have dollar signs for eyes and fashion models on their minds. Sadly the Spurs have done a much better job at this than the Jazz as of late. And still have their HOF coach....
Shawn1807::It's the small market teams that still have to build there teams the old fashion way............... draft well, team ball
aaronearl365::I agree 100 percent. That's why I love college basketball so much.
daboafadem::I just made a post earlier about Utah running Dallas out of the 8 seed.  Odom quit on them, plain and simple.  Just like he quit as a Laker and got ejected so he wouldn't have to finish out the loss during that sweep in the playoffs.
Shawn1807::You know they will make a run at Williams and Howard
aaronearl365::Yeah. I hate all these mega teams. I think it's ruining the game.
aaronearl365::Ha! They won't miss the playoffs. They aren't going anywhere, though. Do you think Odom is going back to the Lakers?
aaronearl365::Yeah. That could be what is hurting his play so much.
Spurs_Fan18::His wifes heart.
aaronearl365::Those destinations are possible. I still think his heart is with the Lakers.
Spurs_Fan18::I say the Clippers. Maybe the Suns.
Spurs_Fan18::The Meltdown is in the front office. How stupid do you have to be to blow up a championship team that would have been the Favorites IMO.
Shawn1807::On paper it doesnt sound all that bad but it blew up in their face
aaronearl365::I can understand Odom. He just half-@$$ed it this year......
Spurs_Fan18::Him and Barrea. and replace them with Odom, Carter and west
Shawn1807::Yea you bring Tyson in and he wins you a championship so you let him go? CRAZY
Redlands801::Lovin' this board right now. No trash talking, cussing, or any of the crap you get on other boards (*ahem*Lakers*ahem*). Just serious, educated, civil basketball talk with respect. Awesome guys
Redlands801::My thoughts exactly
daboafadem::Laker fans are probably going all cannibal on each other.  Screw 'em.  I think Andrew Bynum is the Laker Nation ambassador.  He represents that fan base perfectly.
aaronearl365::You as well. It's like a chat room for jocks. It's kinda cool!
aaronearl365::These playoffs are gonna be epic. There are a ton of story lines. With the possible end of the Celtics, Lakers, and Spurs. Then you have Jeremy Lin. You have the Bulls, Thunder, and Heat all at the cusp of being being champions. Should be fun!
Redlands801::Obviously he'll never be Tim Duncan, it'll be a very long time before someone as good as him comes along, but he's a solid player
Redlands801::Blair shows definite promise
aaronearl365::Who do they have to replace Duncan?
Spurs_Fan18::They haven't yet but have great young player in Splitter- 7ft, Danny Green, Gary Neal, Dejaun Blair, Kahwi Leonard and Cory Joseph who I think can be a Great Pg in 5 years.
Spurs_Fan18::End of the Spurs not so much they are rebuilding with experience.
Paul96857::Ali44, I think this team has been running great since he said http://bit.ly/IdCjtx
aaronearl365::Does anyone know why Z Bo isn't starting?
daboafadem::His last 10 games have been okay, but not peak Z-bo numbers by any stretch.
daboafadem::Speights?
aaronearl365::I wouldn't think that would be the reason.
aaronearl365::Thanks. Yeah, they could pose some problems for a lot of teams. Not just the Spurs.
Spurs_Fan18::The Girzzlies fans say that Speights is outplaying him.
aaronearl365::That's crazy.
Spurs_Fan18::Yeah I was on their board and thats what they were saying
Shawn1807::He'll be starting by playoff time and Speights has now gained alot of confidence much like the Spurs bench
aaronearl365::You serious?
daboafadem::They're being cautious with his minutes.  If he gets hurt again they have a 1st round sweep to look forward to.
Shawn1807::Working him back slowly
Shawn1807::The Spurs just seem to match up well against the Thunder but the Grizz on the other hand are a hand full with Z Bo back.
Shawn1807::He's been playing well for them he's like their Jackson they saved him from obscurity
Spurs_Fan18::He is more like Mills
daboafadem::No worse than the Lakers.  Both teams have imposing bigs.  Neither team has a starting forward/center combo to play all 48 minutes.  And the guys behind the starters are pretty sad.
Spurs_Fan18::You put danny green on him he won't be a factor
daboafadem::If he's good streaky, he wins a game or 2.  If he's bad streaky,he might lose a series if they overplay him.  They took a gamble.
Spurs_Fan18::I forgot him but he is a streaky shooter that's it
daboafadem::X factor for them could be, and this is a major maybe, Gilbert Arenas.  He won't win them a title.  But when he is hot, look out.
Spurs_Fan18::Their bench only has Allen and Mayo nobody else
Shawn1807::I disagree the Grizz have a deeper bench and more weapons than the Lakers
Shawn1807::I just think the Grizz are the toughest matchup for the Spurs would you agree???
Spurs_Fan18::Westbrook hurts him though.
daboafadem::I agree.  Durant is the kind of player that can do it.  If he leads OKC past SA the east best watch out.
Spurs_Fan18::No the Thunder is because of Durant's ability to take over a game.
daboafadem::Memphis no longer has Battier, Young, Vasquez, and Arthur is out for the year.  Those were 4 major contributors last year.  Without those guys the Grizz don't win last year's series, banged up Manu or not.  So look at what Memphis has lost, and look at what San Antonio has gained.
daboafadem::Lack of Richard David Copperfield Disappearing Act Jefferson = addition via subtraction.
Spurs_Fan18::Gay will have too go against Leonard or SJax this who the Spurs didn't have last year and both of them could shut him down.
daboafadem::I gather a healthy Ginobili sort of offsets that addition LOL
Shawn1807::Yea but they got Gay back
Spurs_Fan18::The Grizz beat the Spurs last because they played great as a team and were deeper than the Spurs. This year the Spurs are deeper and the Grizz lost Battier, Vasquez, and Young to free agency and trades and lost Arthur for the year. Battier and Vasquez won 2 games last year for them it that series and Young and Arthur gave them depth in the Paint. So don't expect the same thing this year.
tcrisis::JAZZ FANS UNITE
Spurs_Fan18::They already did you missed their was fireworks and everything.
iTzDiRkFoR3::there*
larrybird77::I don't know that Tim Duncan was the best PF of all time. He played on some teams that were the best THAT SEASON.  Anyway, Malone never had a great finals, and occasionally didn't do well in the playoffs. The one that bothers me the most was the 1999 playoffs when Utah lost in the second round to Portland. I don't remember it clearly, but it seems like Malone disappeared in that series.  Tim Duncan was a player that the Jazz had difficulty guarding after the malone/stockton era. Strangely, Rafael Arujo COULD guard him, but he wasn't a good player otherwise in the NBA. Seemed more interested in his tan and spiky black hair.   Another interesting side note is that Malone is the only player that could guard Shaq in his heyday. That wasn't done very often, but seemed mainly due to the fact that Malone was the only one who was strong enough to prevent him from getting lower and lower into the post.
Shawn1807::I don't know that Jordan was the best gaurd he just played on teams that where the best that season? What the hell is that? He was and is the best all time. Same as Duncan at the PF position
larrybird77::Its because I don't think just because a player wins a championship that means they are the greatest individual player of all time. It means that the team was the best team that season.  Never really understood that argument anyway, I mean we could take all of the players that were on the Bulls roster and just claim they were the greatest of all time because they won more championships than Duncan.  There is some subjectivity in the matter. I mean, many said Bill Russell was greater than Wilt Chamberlin because he won more championships. But most wouldn't say that Bill Russell is greater than Michael Jordan, even though he won 11 championships and Jordan only won 6.   Anyway, its just opinion anyway. I don't think Duncan was the greatest PF of all-time. Feel free to keep your opinion though.
supraman23::Malone did a good job against Duncan in the playoffs for the Lakers in 2004. Impressive considering he was 40 years old and was playing with an injury. Also had a game in that years playoffs where he scored 30 points and grabbed 13 rebounds.
aaronearl365::I couldn't agree more. The reason Karl Malone isn't considered the greatest PF of all-time is because he never took over when we needed him most. He reminds me a bit of LeBron James in that sense. It really is too bad.
daboafadem::Olajuwon defended Shaq better than anyone.  Dream took the kid to school back in the day.
daboafadem::When ESPN plays those classic finals match-ups, watch the one between O'Neal and Olajuwon.  That year, I watched Olajuwon crush Robinson in the WCF when Robinson was the MVP, and Olajuwon followed that up by forcing O'Neal to score almost 10 ppg fewer in the finals than his playoff average.  That was Olajuwon at his peak.  Insanely good defender.
larrybird77::Its probably not a fair comparison in that Malone didn't guard Shaq much. This would lend credibility to your case, but when I watched Malone guard Shaq, he would get very frustrated because Malone was strong enough to not let him throw his weight around.  I didn't see Olajuwon play against Shaq much, but I'll take your word that he was good on defense. Note, that I'm not talking about how well Olajuwon played offense, but rather how well he defended him.
daboafadem::Malone and Olajuwon were about the same age.  So they played Shaq around the same times.  It's a fair comparison.
larrybird77::I don't remember watching anything where Olajuwon defended Shaq, but I do know they played in the 1995 finals  - I just didn't see it. However, I wouldn't say Shaq was at his peak until he was with the Lakers.
aaronearl365::Hakeem was the best!
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::Artest is punk he wanted no piece of Ben Wallace but he went after that nerd lol Stephen Jackson the one that did the real damage.
aaronearl365::Well, looks like I'm the only Jazz fan left. I honestly don't see the Spurs making a run deep into the playoffs this year. I think the Thunder are just too strong.
Redlands801::The issue is playing the Thunder in straight games. That's gonna wear on the older Spurs. Yes they are very deep, but the Thunder are young and downright talented. I really hope (outside of the Jazz flutes in the Finals of course) that the Western Conference comes down to those two. That should be a series for the ages man
daboafadem::Spurs will kill Memphis in a rematch.  I promise.
Shawn1807::It's the Grizz that scare me
daboafadem::I'm not going to sit here and proclaim the Spurs are automatic to come out of the west.  But if it comes down to OKC vs SA I like the Spurs' chances.  Spurs have gone like 8-2 in their last 10 meetings against them.  OKC doesn't have an answer for Parker, while the Spurs can more or less survive Durant.
Redlands801::Mike Brown can't get them into line. Bynum gets tossed at least one game, Pau disappears, and the team will fall apart. Lakers out first round
aaronearl365::I wish. Bynum is a player I wouldn't want on my team. The dude is a diva.
Spurs_Fan18::Give you some information you don't know that will be key. Spurs have beaten them fairly easily without Manu for 2 games and Stephan Jackson, Diaw and Mills for 3 games. Spurs Defense has and is capable in shutting down the Thunder's offense and the Thunder doesn't have defense except for Ibaka who got posterized by a rookie named Kahwi Leonard. And the Spurs are deeper.
larrybird77::I think the Lakers will actually go to the finals if Kobe comes back.
Spurs_Fan18::Well if thats going to happen they still don't have that bench player that could come off the bench and produce some kind of offense.
larrybird77::Personally I couldn't give a rats behind about who has a deeper bench. I think Chicago had a deeper bench than the Heat last year, yet lost to them.  So again, I'd take the Lakers since they upgraded their point guard position.  Anyway, I don't know whether Kobe will play, but since they are going head to head three times in the final couple weeks we can find out. If I'm wrong, I'm wrong. Just my opinion.
Spurs_Fan18::Sjax and Diaw have had major roles with former teams, the rest of the bench are just great assets.
Redlands801::Bench players playing as a team under one of the greatest coaches ever will produce results. They all click, even with the starters. Old school, real basketball is played over in SA. I hate to say it cause I can't stand the Spurs for the soul fact that the Jazz NEVER seem to get it together and win against them (even with Stockton and Malone), but I gotta give respect where it is due in this case
aaronearl365::You know, the Spurs bench really doesn't have any big time players outside of Manu, but they get a lot out of everyone. It's really weird to me.
Spurs_Fan18::The Spurs have one of the deepest benches in the league. Their 2nd team could have Charlotte in the playoffs literally Sjax and Diaw took them last year
larrybird77::I think their starters are good enough to overcome any bench deficiencies. I'm not a huge fan of the Spurs bench, but I guess I shouldn't say that to a Spurs fan.
aaronearl365::Agreed. They have no bench.
Spurs_Fan18::Lakers bench isn't deep enough to get out of the 2nd round.
Redlands801::Right there with ya brotha. We just need O'Connor to start making some smart picks, and maybe an off season pick up. Very young team with ALOT of potential. Can't wait
aaronearl365::I hope we get Kendall Marshall.
Redlands801::I see them making it to the Western Conference Finals with the Thunder and going to six where the Thunder's youth overcomes the Spurs amazing bench and all around team. Wish my Jazz could make another run.... Long shot I know but I'll always have faith
larrybird77::Nah, being patient is for the birds. If they draft some good players, then they'll probably trade them all for draft picks when they turn out good.
aaronearl365::The best is yet to come for the Jazz, my friend. We just need to be patient.
daboafadem::Only way they will meet is WCF.  Conference Finals are not a deep run?
aaronearl365::It is. That's a good point. I don't see them coming out of the west.
Shawn1807::Let's face it Pop could play Duncan every game for 30+ minutes and ride him into the ground for every meaningless regular season game but why when he can save him for the playoffs &amp; still have the 1st or 2nd seed?
Spurs_Fan18::That's what people don't know people just think Duncan is old but it is POP who doesn't want him or Manu getting hurt. Duncan doesn't like being held out he doesn't even like coming out of games if you let him he would play the whole game.
Shawn1807::Yea Pop was around to see Robinson playing with his back problems and didnt want to see Duncan go through that. Malone was smaller and built like a tank.
daboafadem::Nobody on a Jazz-Spurs board answered my question earlier about the Lakers.  I am shocked.  The question was, what is the over/under on player ejections when the Lakers lose their next playoff series.  Remember last year, both Odom and Bynum got tossed in the clinching game.  Lakers have no Odom.  So is the number of player ejections lower or higher?
daboafadem::Is there any possibility of a Laker ejection for punching Mike Brown?
daboafadem::It might be 3.  Metta World Peace hasn't always been a peaceful guy.
daboafadem::Mbenga might have cursed the mamba with some voodoo thing for being let go.
Spurs_Fan18::They have never won a title without Jackson in the Kobe ERA.
daboafadem::I could be wrong, but the Lakers have not won a title since they let go of Mbenga.  And I do not think it is a coincidence.
Spurs_Fan18::Yea that would be because of Manu and Kobe will be SJAX fault.
Spurs_Fan18::I say 2, Kobe and Bynum all because of Manu in the 2nd round.
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::The Red Rocket &gt; Katl Malone
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::*Karl....That Mormon trail comment threw me off
Spurs_Fan18::AT shooting the 3
Steve_Polychronopolis::This game was more boring than the story about the mormon trail.
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::Yeah I could never make i my wheels always messed up or my cattle would drown
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::It is
aaronearl365::Or Oregon Trail. Not Mormon Trail.
aaronearl365::That computer game is dope.
cggw::Y'all remember that "mailman skit" when Malone came back to Utah, i heard ownership is still taking shots at him. Stay classy SLC.
aaronearl365::Nope. I don't.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Alright. I'm leaving. Been here way too long. I know there have been many disagreements this evening, but for the most part, the discussions have remained cordial. I think San Antonio fans and Utah fans can agree on one thing:  F.ck the Lakers!   Go small-market teams! Rage against the Stern machine!
Spurs_Fan18::THAT'S THE SMARTEST THING YOU HAVE SAID ALL NIGHT.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Everything I say is smart. Opinionated and smart. *kiss*
aaronearl365::Yes! It is always good to talk to you! Have a good night, sir.
aaronearl365::Hahaha. Well, I respect your opinions. You are an educated fan, which is almost too hard to find on these.
Doc Emmett L Brown::That's OK. I get personally attacked on here every night. I enjoy it.
aaronearl365::Sorry about the personal attack a couple of nights ago. I didn't really mean it.
Doc Emmett L Brown::You as well. Pleasure is all on this side of the interhighway.
SB47-Locker10::UTAH FANS !! THINKING WHAT IF ????!!! WHAT IF???SHUT UP !!! ALREADY !! U SOUND PATHETIC !!! FACE IT!!! JAZZ COULDN'T      FINISH!!!! SEAL THE DEAL!! QUIT MAKING LAME EXCUSES WHY STOCKTON &amp; MALONE COULDN'T BRING HOME THE HARDWARE!! ...
Shawn1807::They should be thinking what if I lived somewhere where they had a championship caliber team.
Spurs_Fan18::You are RIGHT.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Cool story, bro.
aaronearl365::Get off this board, d-bag..
aaronearl365::Coming from you?
SB47-Locker10::Pathetic Internet GANGSTER!  LOL !!
aaronearl365::You have to hand it to Malone. Even though I believe Duncan to be the overall better Power Forward, Malone never went through the decline that Duncan is currently going through. It is brutal to watch. Karl Malone was a machine until he retired.
Doc Emmett L Brown::He still is. Dude is 48 and hasn't aged a day. He's like a black Woody Harrelson.
aaronearl365::Yeah, you could be right. I'm really surprised at how well Ty is doing. I think we really have a bright future.
Doc Emmett L Brown::No no. Kawl Malone has to do what Kawl Malone has to do. I don't think he'd be good on the staff, honestly.
aaronearl365::Good to hear. I think we should hire him on our staff. Help Kanter and Favors out......
daboafadem::In the West, it will look like:  SA 49-17 OKC 48-18 Mem 42-24 LAL 41-25 LAC 38-28 Hou 38-28 Den 36-30 Utah 36-30  Dallas will implode and fail to defend their championship.  Who do Los Angeles fans root for in the impending Clippers Lakers showdown?
daboafadem::What about a Clippers Lakers showdown?  You really think the way the Lakers are going they would just sweep the Clips?
daboafadem::True -but remember last year, Chris Paul took a crappy Hornets team to LA and put a brief scare in them.  Just a thought.
Spurs_Fan18::Clippers are overrated they will go as far as CP3 will take them.
daboafadem::Battier won a game in that series by himself with some timely, back breaking 3's.  Young and Vasquez were huge.  Different year, different matchups.
Spurs_Fan18::I remember him and Vasquez winning 2 games and both played great defense. Arthur and Young gave them bigman depth which they don't have no more.
daboafadem::Yeah, no Battier, no Sam Young.  i still see Memphis overtaking Lakers in seeding though.  Grizz are rolling and Lakers are fading.
Spurs_Fan18::Yeah a lot of people don't know but Battier and Young were key parts to beating the Spurs last year even Vasquez who is a Hornet and Arthur who is out for the Year
daboafadem::What about OKC vs Memphis 2nd round then?  As classic as last year's series?
Spurs_Fan18::Memphis is good but not as good as last year the Thunder will outscore them and win in 5 or 6.
Spurs_Fan18::I see Houston-Memphis going 7 and everyone else should sweep or win in 5or 6 but i have the Spurs and Thunder in the WCF.
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::I remember Duncan winning a title at the age of 30 but Reggie,Ewing,Malone,Nash,Stockton couldnt even win one in their 20's or 30's and Duncan was an Allstar at the age of 30,31,32,33,34 give it up you Duncan &gt; Malone
Shawn1807::It was the West they could not have beaten
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::I remember that two it was awesome!!!!!!!!Goooooo Spurs Go
cggw::You are telling me Malone and Stockton couldn't have beaten Kerry Kittles' New Jersey Nets or the Cavs with a 19 year old Lebron and nothing else?
Spurs_Fan18::yea they could,  those teams are weak look those weak Spurs teams beat them what makes you think the Malone=Stockton jazz couldn't.
Shawn1807::Yea
Michael_Orlando_Magic::I remember when Duncan played the Nets and Cavaliers for championships.
cggw::Oh Yeah, that year against the knicks only *technically happened. MJ had retired, the league shut down and 15 people watched that finals.
Shawn1807::Forget about NYC and D town? Orlando could have come out of the east, Oh yea it's Orlando
Doc Emmett L Brown::Wah wah!
SB47-Locker10::WHEN WILL THE MAGIC WIN A NBA CHAMPIONSHIP ? !!!!!  Ahhhhhhhhh 5 YRS ahhhhhh 10 yrs ahhhhh maybe 15 yrs!! SCREW IT. !! Magic = GARBAGE!! = NEVER!
cggw::Magic are a farm team for the LA Lakers kind of like the Oakland As used to be for the Yankees.
Michael_Orlando_Magic::Only 12 franchises have a NBA title.
cggw::Funny how Duncan and Garnett choose to compete to be the greatest 7 foot forwards ever instead of competing at Center. They dont make 7 footers like they used to or in Garnett's case "6 foot 13"
Doc Emmett L Brown::Think about this: Karl Malone always kept himself in tip-top shape and, while in Utah, missed 9 total games over 18 seasons (only 4 for injury). Tim Duncan's body has been falling apart for five years. From the time Malone was 35 (Tim Duncan's current age), he won an MVP and made two all-NBA first teams. Imagine how good San Antonio would be right now if Tim Duncan had himself in as good of shape. He'd be knocking on MJ's door for sure.
Shawn1807::Still best PF of all time just google it. Don't take my word for it.
Spurs_Fan18::Yea Duncan is out of shape and tells POP he shouldn't play.
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::The west is going to be good but the second round is when it gets Intresting Spurs vs Memphis Thunder vs Lakers ...I want Memphis!!!!!
Doc Emmett L Brown::Assuming SA gets out of the first round this year. Don't act like it's a foregone conclusion.
SB47-Locker10::BREAKING NEWS.. OrLANDO MAGIC MOVING TO D- LEAGUE!!  Howard finally can get a D- LEAGUE CHAMPIONSHIP !! SHAQ TEACHING HOWARD HOW TO SHOOT FREE THROWS!!
Michael_Orlando_Magic::I remember when Reggie Miller, Karl Malone, Ewing, Olajuwon, Kobe Bryant, Steve Nash, John Stockton, could all ball in their 30s but Duncan can't even get his old butt on the court.
Spurs_Fan18::Yea Duncan gets on his knees and begs POP to rest him cuz he scared he might break a hip.
Spurs_Fan18::Yea i guess, but Malone could though. I guess that why Stockton had all those assists Malone was blowing him to give him the ball.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Duncan couldn't get on his knees if he wanted to.
SB47-Locker10::Michael ORLANDO MAGIC COULD RUN TO KRISPY KREME DOUGHNUT SHOP !! MY BAD !! I MEAN DRIVE!!
Doc Emmett L Brown::And Stockton in his 40s
Michael_Orlando_Magic::Reggie Miller last game in the playoffs at 40 years old had 27 points.
daboafadem::So...back to the present, in the East it looks like this is how it shakes down:  Chi 50-16 Mia 48-18 Ind 42-24 Bos 39-27 Atl 41-25 Orl 39-27 NY 35-31 Phl 35-31  Hawks will have home court in this scenario as a 5 seed. Do they win?  And can Orlando as a 6 seed make a mini-upset out of Indiana?
Spurs_Fan18::Bulls are the favorites they are deeper and play off their defense.
daboafadem::No doubt, they'll beat Philly in like....5
supraman23::Remember how Stockton played the last 497 games of his career, including all 50 in the lockout season of 1999. Compare that with how soft the players are today, mainly Duncan.
Spurs_Fan18::Yea PGs play tough they got to play in the paint against other small players.
Doc Emmett L Brown::And Malone was no dirtier than any other player, he was just much, MUCH stronger.
aaronearl365::Yep!
Doc Emmett L Brown::Stockton took that exact same elbow from Bill Laimbeer and did not miss a game.
cggw::Stockton was dirty, but his enforcer in Malone was even dirtier. Are you telling me if Stockton received an elbow like the one Malone gave Thomas he wouldnt have missed a game?
Spurs_Fan18::Good for him they should reward him by making a trophy in his name for the Toughest Smallest person on the court.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Haha. Don't even try to make an argument that Stockton wasn't tough. He would stand in the middle of the lane and set a screen on  players like Barkley, and never fell over, like Parker does 30 times a game. Stockton was the bad@$$ of all bad@$$es.
aaronearl365::Stockton was one of the toughest players in the league back in the day.
cggw::When Shaq and Kobe were right, Duncan was barely a speedbump
Michael_Orlando_Magic::Gonna be funny when the Spurs lose in 1st round again.
Spurs_Fan18::Gonna be funny when Orlando doesn't make the playoffs
daboafadem::It's even funnier that you like your own comments so quickly!
cggw::Spurs losing to 8 seed last year is one of the all time underrated meltdowns in sports. When Mavs got beat by Golden State is was such a huge story and people were saying Dirk should lose the MVP. When SA limped out of the playoffs it wasnt really a story because people expected it. Same this year.
Michael_Orlando_Magic::Yeah because they too old and suck
daboafadem::Not compared to Orlando.
daboafadem::Agreed.  And the Spurs had a 4-8 slump to end the year after leading the league in W-L all season.  Was not much of a surprise.
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::Remember when Malone sold his soul to the lakers along with Gary Payton Hahahahaha now Malone is somewhere in Utah cruising in his eighteen wheeler.
cggw::Classless fans in Utah treated Malone like garbage when he came back. The nasty racist atmosphere that comes from the crowds in SLC are well known throughout the league.
Spurs_Fan18::MJ is a PF
aaronearl365::We never treated MJ like that.
aaronearl365::You, sir, have no idea what you're talking about.
Spurs_Fan18::DAMN MORMONS. NOBODY TREATS THE GOAT PF LIKE THAT.
aaronearl365::With millions of dollars and a great family. Not to mention a two-time MVP, and one of the greatest ballers to ever play. Yeah.....life must suck for him.
Spurs_Fan18::I didn't know you can make the best Pf of all time. Then Duncan still has a Shot
Doc Emmett L Brown::He played for 18 years in Utah with Stockton and Stockton retired. He didn't want to play on the Jazz without Stockton. I think one could hardly blame him for that.
Shawn1807::He's not gonna get a ring in Utah
Michael_Orlando_Magic::Remember when he made HOF and best PF of all time and Jazz fans always cheer for him?
Spurs_Fan18::And still couldn't win with Kobe and Shaq.
Shawn1807::Thats only 2 team you forgot Detroit and NYC
Shawn1807::Thats only 2 team you forgot Detroit and NYC
Shawn1807::Thats only 2 team you forgot Detroit and NYC
cggw::easily the worst east teams ever to make the playoffs. Todd Mccollough and big Z at center. Each of those teams had 1 good player.
Spurs_Fan18::EXCUSES.
Michael_Orlando_Magic::Malone was injured.  The Kobe Shaq feud ruined that team.  Plus Kobe did horrible in that finals.  Plus Malone played the Bulls.  Duncan played Nets and Cavaliers.  Facts.
Michael_Orlando_Magic::Too bad the NBA can't post pone playoff games for old Tim Duncan.
SB47-Locker10::TOO BAD !!  NBA COULDNT MOVE ORLANDO TO THE D- LEAGUE'!! Then maybe HOWARD WOULD BE HAPPY TO HAVE SOME SORT OF CHampionship!
