mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
TK729::I would like to see Jimmer on the Rockets to back up Lin to team up with Harden as well.
HawksCubs10::Nice game Jo
Rhubarbjackson::Trade Jimmer to a real team.
TheRydog3::If your backup power forward has 3 times as many assists as your point guard... You might be the Kings
TheRydog3::I think it's funny that the only thing anyone says about the Kings is about Jimmer or about how they suck. Kings &lt; My grandmothers bridge club
cubfan6285::Love how hard Henrich plays but I wish he could learn to shoot.
mosesbyu::The kings pay Jimmer 2.3 million dollars to play a whole six seconds? He needs to get out of Sacramento.
Chad86159::really, because one player got extended starter minutes, and the other gets dnp's... rivers has never had an extended opportunity to play like thomas has... and its funny u talk about how thomas has so outplayed fredette, yet where are the wins.... fredette never even received a shot last year, and the  kings did nothing but lose.... its simple, the players and the coach dont want fredette on this team.... yet the management signs him to extensions and wont trade him.....  i cannot wait until fredette gets to pick his next team, and does his thing; then i get to rub ignorant kings fans faces in it for years after the fact
Chad86159::he wants to play.... he is a competitor, and i guarentee he's not happy settling for a pay check
brianspider::Then tell him to outplay IT or Brooks for playing time. You act like he's entitled to it. The reality is he sits on the bench because the #60 pick flat beat him for the minutes.
TheRydog3::Haha Jimmer needs to go to OKC or Phoenix
Mikecito::I don't think he'll complain.  Do you know how much he got paid per second?  More than I make in a month most likely. :D
33Townie::I see Boozer was bangin' the offensive glass last night.  He had as many O-boards (one) as Capt. Kirk!  LOL  Great effort Booze.
33Townie::My bad.  I apologize for expecting a dude that big to get in there and mix it up and grab some boards with that many minutes.  Should we play the "O-boards per minutes" game?
ScalabrineSwag::His lack of toughness on the boards has improved this year.
sshrader64::Is that the only thing you can talk s%^&amp; about?
patmandewb::So.......any word on how long D Rose will be out?? Love the team but they need him out there!
mjtothemax3::I don't understand how Adrian peterson can totally blow his whole knee up miss only 7 months and come back better than ever... D ROSE should be able to do that as well...its basketball not football. AP gets drilled in the legs every single time he has the ball DROSE should be back by January/February
01Bulls4life::No one knows.. if anything he'll return during playoffs..... and with that we may only play 1 round if we get number 8 seed.
seahawks2395::when noah is your top scorer...something isnt rght
mjtothemax3::Noah won't lead every night...it was a matchup problem for the kings. Noah is good when he has the right matchups...scoring wise.
heychris17::No one done 20+ pts, 10+reb, 5+ steals since Jordan in 97.  It was a great performance.
01Bulls4life::It's not like nobody else contributed Boozer with 19 and Hamilton with 18.. If you ask me, that's a relief that Noah can do some damage and he is also hitting some jumpers.   I however would had love to see Deng other than his defense be more productive on the offense.
01Bulls4life::After watching this game last night and seeing how the Lakers experiment is going, boy am I glad we kept Noah and didn't trade him for Howard.  Noah keeps this up he should be an all start this season.
ScalabrineSwag::bad defensive performance by Rip, bellinelli and of course boozer. Most disappointed with Rip, he was getting burned all night.
mjtothemax3::Korver was pretty good defensively last year...especially playoffs.
01Bulls4life::Man.. I wish they would had kept Korver instead of Bellinelli.  Maybe I haven't seen much of Belinelli yet to compare, but when Korver was on he brought a lot to the bench.
ScalabrineSwag::He doesnt necessarily create his own shot...he baically shot fakes then steps to the side creating a more open shot. And from what i have seen so far bellinelli is just as bad at defense as Korver.
sshrader64::Korver was good player, but Bellenli can offer more to the team, better defense, can create his own shot, more athletic, younger, cheaper, and can shoot.  Korver could only shoot and hustle on D.
ScalabrineSwag::Korver and bellinelli r practically the same player...the difference is tht Korbut has big game clutch experience and tht is the reason y I thnk the bulls should have kept korver
I Wonder who stole the Twikies::Lets examine this for a second....Korver played ZERO D and Korver was wildly inconsistent with his shot... not sure what he brought to the bench...
NBA_Commentary_2012::Bulls still stingy on defense and Joakim Noah has arrived - Probably the best hustle Center in the league.
leggosuns1969::I started following this online bet system called Sportsbettingstar a couple months ago. I have made about $3,000 a month average so far.  I was looking for a handicapper one night and just google searched the words  Sports Betting System, it was there on the first page. Didnt seem legit at first but ended up being awesome.
bwp2bruce::If you bet on the Lakers game, you probably lost all your money.
Chad86159::keith anything but smart continues to slap fredette in the face, his latest successful backhand was giving fredette a 6 sec stint in tonights game....  6 seconds..... making sure that he now gets zero's across the boards in the stat sheet department right as the season kicks off..... it is unreal the way a kid with so much fan fair coming in to the league, has been misused and mistreated by this idiotic coach... dnp after dnp.... dnp's in preseason, after it was being reported that fredettes king teammates were saying that thru the entirety of training camp, he (fredette) had been the one noticeable best player....this kind of improvement from fredette after a sub par rookie season...u would think would leave no choice but to let his coach know  just how hard he must have worked in the off season to get that kind of praise from his peers...  yet what happens? smart hits him with preseason dnp's.. PRESEASON DNPS for sacramento lottery pick just last year..  every time fredette has shown signs of brilliance in the nba, smart has smothered out the fire, like its his number 1 objective.  last season in four jimmer starts, due to injuries of course, fredette averaged 17 ppg, and shot a whopping 60% from down town. what folllowed i still cant explain...directly after that fourth start fredette was immediately hit with back to back DNPS. his very first dnp's of the year.... directly after those four starts of ave 17 points a game..... a rookie playing his best ball by  a long shot gets rewarded with back to back pine riding stints. no other lottery pick in my memory has ever received this type of treatment. in another instance last year, fredette went absolutely ape **** Against memphis, one of the best defensive squads in the nba, fredette, in the second quarter alone, went for 16 points, misssing only two shots from the field...while dishing out 6 dimes for good measure... 16 and 6 in the sec quarter alone.. guess what happened in the second half... Fredette didn't see the court... these types of moments have honestly boggled my mind again and again over the past two years... Smart just absolutely refuses to put this kid in positions to feel or gain any confidence.... he does seem however to love  to humiliate him.... fredettes body language looks as pitiful as any player i have ever seen... when he does see the floor, he doesnt see the ball in positions that are positive to his game.... never does he get a simple open swing pass when he is wide open i might add... the cards are stacked against in every way, his teammates seem to alienate him. and worst of all, his coach seems to condone it every step of the way... yet keeping with his luck, they (the kings) picked up his extension.  probably because this ailing franchise has about the same fan base as fredette.... its just a real shame that such a good kid is getting such a raw deal...
Chad86159::is that all u got brianspyder. that i doubled up a link... well i can assure u that they are ten more seperate links i can post.... just let me know if u want me to..... ill be happy to give u the business as well...
TrevorDowdle::Pwnd!
Chad86159::so clarkr u little flame rear, before u call someone a liar, u might want to do a little research urself.... punk ace
Chad86159::here is the sacramento beat writer.... https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=3&amp;sqi=2&amp;ved=0CDUQFjAC&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2FSHowardCooper%2Fstatus%2F256438888057425920&amp;ei=1u-SUJbwLITq8wTe5oCABA&amp;usg=AFQjCNHreg-XbmKJ31-_qYhIIkrhVDUsnA&amp;sig2=me_dXZl2JuFV9dS7n1Obow
Chad86159::heres another one  http://basketball.realgm.com/wiretap/223935/Kings_Teammates_Impressed_With_Fredettes_Camp_Performance
brianspider::You realize your first link was a forum linking to your second link right?
Chad86159::http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;ved=0CCEQFjAA&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ign.com%2Fboards%2Fthreads%2Fjimmer-fredette-described-as-the-best-player-in-kings-camp.452702025%2F&amp;ei=Tu-SUJe3MZDY8gTM3oDIDA&amp;usg=AFQjCNGj8CepbDgypOVqwiEp8zm5sCfiYw&amp;sig2=WU8ZDQsKOPlFEHBZedfyjw
TheRydog3::Hey Kings fans. There's a reason you haven't won consistently in years. Its because everyone on your pitiful team, but DeMarcus Cousins and Jimmer Fredette sucks. They may be able to put up decent performances individually but they will never win. They have poor coaching (The same guy who didn't want to play Steph Curry or Jeremy Lin) and other than Fredette and Cousins, no one who knows how to win. Sorry to be optimistic about some great talent. Yes I do live in Provo and i've seen what Jimmer is capable of. The only time Tyreke Evans ever was on a winning team was when he was Derrick Rose was in charge of his team. The Kings need to start over and build the team around Cousins. And they need to fire Coach Smart. (It is super ironic that that is his name because he is the farthest thing from it) And of course they aren't gonna talk about jimmer if he isn't in the game and is only playing 6 seconds.
osogood729::u had time 2 write all that. during the game all the commentators talked about was tyreke improving his shot. nothing about jimmer.
Chad86159::osobad, you be sure to check those links out as well
clarkr10::Haha I can tell you are a byu fan by how you completely make up stories. Give me a link where it says jimmers teammates say he is the noticeable best player on the kings, and I'll send you 100 bucks in the mail
GeorgeTownMan29::An Aaron Brooks sighting!!! Dude was averaging 60 ppg in the china league I heard
lionstigersspartyohmy::Unrelated but I hope Hamilton retires a Piston. It would be weird seeing it any other way
Sam Jim::right..... The good stuff first...... Bulls won playing Hard defense Love it.........................  Noah played like a beast......  Points are points - I dont care where he gets it from.. around the rim or shooting....  Taj signed an extenstion-Shows what a decent guy he is- cares more abt Basket Ball than the big bucks(9.25 mil p year is decent though :) ) , Boozer played well, rip played well.. deng as well... even though he dint score much..but then evbdy ....  the bench was decent.......  good to see jimmy get some minutes  THe bad now..... TURN OVERS..............  I know thibs  must be SCREAMING...... without those turnovers we would have won big...... would love to see kirk score more, but as long as he keeps playing killing defence and running the floor I am good :)   As for the Heat Trolls.......  Bulls fans HERES MY SUGGESTION.... JUST IGNORE THEM..... DONT ANSWER THEM... WE know our TEAM.... If you dont answer them and ignore them, they will leave... or keep babbling :)  As for the The bench, I would love to take all bulls fans to two years ago... the bench did not do well until a month or two into the season.....  so give this one time... they are already starting to get better..  BULLS FAN ALL THE WAY FROM INDIA- GO BULLLLLLLLLLLSSSS
t-roy_jenkins::wtf 9.25 mil is decent? gibson  took the most money he could get, which was from the bulls... plus he aint worth it
NY NBK Far Superior---::Bulls!
Marcumm::Ignore ofrog..he has an obsession to going to any jimmer website and hate on the kid. I see him everywhere where jimmer is even mentioned. What a life! Must have stole ofrogs girl at some point.
supe540::I'm sick of Tyreke Evans and his empty numbers.  Got to move him.
MGodfrey::OFrog kinda sensing you're a hater and a racist.  A) The King's are not a playoff team and won't be until they have an allstar caliber player...aka when Tyreke Evans develops his basketball IQ and an outshot shot.  B) Isaiah Thomas has hit his peak as a player...dude is great but not a starting PG in the NBA.  He is quick and can shoot pretty well but he'll never get any better.  C) Fredette needs minutes in order to develop.  Look at the Hornets giving Austin Rivers all that play time and opportunity and it's the start of the season.  I love Rivers but dude completely sucked $@% tonight but he still gets minutes because he has upside...so does Fredette.  Dude wasn't that great when he was first in HS, nor his first couple seasons at BYU...give him a chance to figure it out.  D) Keith Smart is not a championship caliber coach...dude has no idea what he's doing and cannot develop these youngsters.   He has a ton of talent but lacks the knowledge and credibility...everyone can see it.  E)  The Bulls will give the Heat all they can handle this year if they can stay healthy.
eyerazzi::Fredette is getting Jimmered
Chad86159::well said
u3171178::Noah is a BEAST!
Lowballer23::Good move by the Bulls to lock in Gibson.  His impact goes well beyond stats.
FRAZIER FOR ROY::Very cool game for a UK fan! Although Teague didn't get in, featured 4 different generations of UK players. Nazr - '97 Hayes - '05 Cousins - '10 Teague - '12
eyerazzi::Zzzzzzzzz
dash2k4::Perspective: the Bulls beat the almighty Kings. Without DRose, this is not a contending team in any way.
rta23cerberus::thank you ever so much captain obvious
junavarr::I'm so excited about watching an 82 games season in a league with no parity. We could guess the finals in 3 tries and yet people still show up to watch. When 20 of the 30 teams have a legit shot at winning the title every year than I'd care. Call the competition committee of the NFL or NHL when you want a balanced league
Honey_Badger_Dont_Care::The Kings are a mess.  Too many ball hogs on one team.
ManBearPig 1990::Kings were +2 with Jimmer in the game, and -8 without him.  Just sayin
eyerazzi::Regardless, Kings suck. They need a marketing prospect like Jimmer.
JacobyJ4::lol I like what you are saying but he was in for 6 seconds... .kind of a small sample size
potter the rotter::Thanks for the info, I was wondering how he logged a +2 with 0 minutes played...
xBudRadx::Noah and Bynum will rule the East.
redevelopmentguy::After those two guys it's nothing but dog $@%! at the center position in the East.
ChicagoSportsxl::Roy Hibbert isn't exactly dog isht.
AJ The Great_::0 minutes for Jimmer?? Does he suck that bad?? lol
MGodfrey::The Kings are a mess...can't fill the team with 11 combo guards....just sayin'
eyerazzi::Blame Smart
JacobyJ4::pretty sure Jimmer could have outplayed both point guards that played this evening, pretty poor play when u get 2 assists  and 3 turnovers from the both combined in 48 minutes of play... very bad play... Jimmer should some minutes next game at the expense of one of the others...
redevelopmentguy::Of the four players I mentioned Jimmer is not better than any of them.  He does one thing well (shoots) but as an overall player he does not warrant any minutes over Evans, Thomas, Brooks and Thornton.
TheRydog3::You only say that because you've never seen him play
eyerazzi::And you are a basketball analyst how?
redevelopmentguy::When you have Tyreke Evans, Marcus Thornton, Aaron Brooks and Isaiah Thomas it's going to be hard to give minutes to a "fifth" guard.
eyerazzi::Yeah, like they delivered.
bwp2bruce::Refer to Isaiah Thomas II, 2nd to Isaiah Thomas of the Detroit Pistons. The guy that plays for the Kings should be forced to wear Isaiah Thomas II on his back. It's like having someone named Michael Jordan in the league but not being the original Michael Jordan. It's almost blasphemous.
AJ The Great_::to be considered a "fifth" guard, that's how much faith the Kings have in Jimmer
bwp2bruce::Good thing Bulls didn't trade Noah. Good thing Pippen warned them not to. Maybe Pippen should be a GM
Estebanfcvmcvj::bulls going to the eastern finals with rose coming back in march
Nanrad_91::The Bulls get all of the calls.  -No one ever said
ScalabrineSwag::true that
Veroldin::howard FT: 3-14 noah FT: 11-12  LOL
Nanrad_91::Gotta respect Noah, he worked on his FT over the years. He knew that working on that was a crucial part of his game. If you are going to foul him and send him to the line, you are going to pay for it.
Kit Ramsey::I know right? So whooo's the superstar?
JimmerCudaBYU::Jimmer needs to play more. Smart is just wasting his talent, he'd be a dang good player if Smart would just give him a chance, otherwise please trade him!!!!!!!!!
JacobyJ4::are u still talking crap up there.... just so you guys know if we gave up on every rookie that stunk it up for his rookie year we wouldnt have alot of stars that we have in the NBA you guys are idiots... take your trolls somewhere else... how bout thomas and brooks with 2 assists and 3 turnovers in 48 minutes THATS TERRIBLE.... Jimmer would have easily outplayed that...   P.S. Dumba$$frog... why would they pick up his team option if they were planning on cutting him asap .... you are an idiot
redevelopmentguy::Jimmer for Derrick Favors.  Let's do it.
TheRydog3::Jimmer for Raja Bell would be more realistic
b_boy_stylez::Thought he would learn how not to jump-pass over the course of last season and the offseason. Unfortunately he still jump-passes all the time and being a Jimmer fan, it causes me shame. He also has trouble getting his shot off and has to pass out of it a lot so he doesn't get blocked. Last season he was also king of handing out and-1 buckets on defense. Thought he would learn how to get physical sooner. Hasn't happened. He was a killer in college, but it's not translating and his confidence is gone. I don't think I've even seen him hit one Jimmer-range three in the NBA yet, even when he's wide open. Meanwhile Isaiah Thomas is shooting a higher percentage from three. Jimmer's lost his juice.
OFrog::He will be out of the NBA when his contract is up. His trade value is a stale beer, last game's popcorn and a seat cushion.
eyerazzi::OFrog has beer goggles on
eyerazzi::Cause he can prove himself with 6 seconds?
Marcumm::ofrog take your jimmer hate elsewhere. His rookie season was not all that bad and his off-season was even better. You have to actually give a player a chance before saying he sucks. Especially after one compressed rookie season. Your a blind hater and that's all.  With your logic we should have got rid of Steve Nash sincehis rookie season was even worse than jimmers. Get your head out you @$$!
OFrog::Last season he stunk it up lost all confidence and critics were right, he just does not have NBA skills. Too bad, Kings blew a first round pick on a great white hope from a nothing school and conference.
JimmerCudaBYU::He needs a chance, hasn't gotten it yet.
OFrog::Thibs will run his team into the ground, and it's a year older, even got spent Kirk back. Way too much old folks playing way too many minutes.
Kit Ramsey::Troll and a HATER, must be a Romney supporter.
OFrog::Sure thing Kit whatever you say.
RZA_CONSOLE::rip doin what he does
kingjoel24::j NOAH WENT BEAST MODE 2DAY
imasportsaholic::Bully Bully Bully - going to be pretty good and when Rose returns in march real good.
bulldownusf63::we hope, only thing scares me is team chemistry when he returns.
BLazEdTrailerz::Wasn't here for the game. Are the Jimmer-Jocks still on the King's message boards this season or have they gave up?
eyerazzi::Still here because Smart is a dumbA%$### coach
Ashotjan::your grammar sucks
JacobyJ4::they picked up his option.... a team option.... so they wanted to keep him another year.... you are dumb
OFrog::I just had endless amusement laughing at the Jimmermania and the excuses they came up for him. He will be out of the NBA when his contract ends. What a disaster first round pick after Reke and DMC.
Marcumm::ofrog=biggest jimmer hater. I can guarantee that plenty of teams would be happy to give him a fair chance since the kings coach has no interest doing so.Sorry to disappoint you but jimmer won't be leaving the league anytime soon.keep on hatin
tylercoronado::What an absolute joke of a game. The officials gave the Bulls every call. They had it out for Demarcus Cousins from the beginning. What an absolute joke. I guess I shouldn't be shocked though, the NBA has been on the Bulls side ever since Jordan played there.
Kit Ramsey::Stop your whining, the Bulls ALWAYS beat the Kings, with or without the refs.
Big_los07::Not exactly the Bulls did lose a game to them where they blew a 36 point lead!
mccoywajmu::stop crying
eyerazzi::Jimmer should be out on the court = entertaining
mccoywajmu::its hardly truth just because you speak it
tylercoronado::I only speak the truth, learn the game idiot.
Person 45::why did cousins only get 25 minutes?
eyerazzi::Jimmer should be out on the court = entertaining
OFrog::Fouls, fouls and more fouls.
eyerazzi::Jimmer should be out on the court = entertaining
tylercoronado::Because the refs called every bullcrap call on him.
mccoywajmu::foul trouble
darkyam::Bulls won most statistical categories and still barely won by 6 at home against the Kings.  The Bulls should be on a playoff pace without Rose, but it'll take a lot out of them.
OFrog::Kirk and Booz will sink them. Indy is better. And who knows what Rose will be at this point, just a nasty bad injury. Some players never fully recover. Look at Brand and Webber.
OFrog::Sure thing Kit, whatever you say.
Kit Ramsey::^^ Dude stop being a TROLL, the Pacers are slow and have no confidence when they play the Bulls, and they will once again be looking up to the Bulls in the standings. So F off.
OFrog::The Bulls are heading down, the Pacers are moving up. Booz was a cap killer move. Why get Kirk back? No, Bulls peaked 2 years back.
mccoywajmu::the bulls arent one player away from winning a title but the pacers are? ok..that makes no sense..all the bulls need is another guy that can create his own offense
mccoywajmu::the pacers are the new atlanta hawks..solid team that will never get out of the 2nd round
OFrog::We will see. It's a very severe injury that may or may not affect him for the rest of his career.  And I believe the Pacers are one player away from contending for it all. Can't say that about Bulls.
darkyam::Pacers will probably have a better record this year.  They have a good team.  I still think they're missing a piece before they can really contend, though.
Kit Ramsey::Dude the Bulls OWN the Pacers, always did and always will!
mccoywajmu::look at Adrian Peterson Wes Welker and Jamaal Charles...ACL surgery and rehab is way ahead of where it was a decade ago..and Brand had achilles problems..not his ACL..Web was old and had degenerating knees
mccoywajmu::they arent goign to blow teams out..they dont have the offense to do so..just win the games..thats all that matters
darkyam::That's the problem, though.  The Bulls are going to waste their energy because Thibs can't pull back.  They'll get there, but they might not have anything left when they do.
noeastern::Don't know why I tried to watch an NBA game again. Outcome predetermined by officials. Horrible, one sided offciating just like always. Why doesn't the NBA just reduce down to a 4 or 5 team league.  Oh well the NBA is dieing so won't have them taking up valuable TV time anymore.
Chicagocold312::i thought i saw Sacto get most of the calls, or did you not see boozer getting hacked half the time he went to the hoop? save the diatribe for when your kings play the Heat.
OFrog::FTA's tell a much different story. Home cookin for the opener against a team the NBA really does not care about.
OFrog::It was totally one sided tonight no doubt. I doubt the Bulls are going to get that treatment on the road, what was it 33 fta's to 16?
PapaBearPackerSmacker::A bit of cheese with your whine, sir?
danielabbas::Conspiracy theorists are the funniest.
Utah Jazz fan 1::I guess you guys missed the part where the Mavs beat the Lakers last night. The lakers have 4 allstars an their team you idiots. Mavs are elite and that's not even a question. And the Jazz had an easy time of beating them so you tell me the Jazz aren't one of the best if not the best in the west.
Orlandomagic2323::dude the magic are better than the jazz...
the bomb31::It's the first two games of the season. who knows whats gonna happen.
OFrog::Your a goof that is on the wrong board. And talkin up the Jazz like they are some kind of powerhouse in the West really shows you are nothing but a clueless homer lost on the wrong board. Go vote for Romney.
danielabbas::lol. you are one dumb kid.
the bomb31::Everyone says the Bulls cant win because they dont have a superstar. They will have a star when it all matters. The playoffs. DRose will be back and this team will go on a run....hopefully
OFrog::Might not be as good as Indy this season. Big mistake getting Kirk back, he is done. And Booz? What a bad FA move.
Kit Ramsey::Wake up, PLEASE!
OFrog::Pacers are a better team than the Bulls. Especially without Rose.
Kit Ramsey::What a moron u are, Pacers suck.
J webb nation::deng should be banned from the 3 pt line dude has fell in love with them.
Phil Shifley 23::How can you watch these overpaid democratic liberals play basketball, its sickening
