monkeysars4u::heat suck
her0miles::John Wall isn't even in the same sentence as DRose....Oh wait...
Sean88142::I think you mean, John Wall isn't even in the same sentence as D-Rose. It has to be a complete sentence.  ....Oh God Dam-
Chicagocold312::wow i didn't see anything embarrassing about DRose performance.
RyanCarranza::Where did my comment feed go?
sverney@gmail.com::relive the game through a photobook:  http://www.thewindyapple.com/2012/01/31/bulls-blow-by-wizards-photo-recap/
rynodesign::Cool
ArcusProtus::pretty cool, man.
Siuteke::There are actually people on this board that won't include Deng in a trade for Howard?? WTF is wrong with you? EVERYONE but Rose is available. You can't fall in love with your product so much that you become disillusioned.
tbomber2::because intelligent fans understand how much it would hurt the team to give up key role players like deng and our big men.  You want to gut the top defensive and rebounding team in the league, killing our depth in the process, to get 1 guy who excels at rebounds and defense?  that makes no sense.  if it ain't broke don't fix it.
Sean88142::"It might not be broke, but it's not a powerhouse either."  Are you on drugs? Hell yeah, they're a powerhouse! You don't like how the team is built right now? Well 18-5 is better than any team in the league. Would I trade Deng and picks? Yeah definitely. Would I trade Gibson + Noah + Deng for him? No. That leaves a gaping hole at the 3, and we're already seeing what not having Deng is doing to the team. They've lost more games without Deng than they did without Rose. Deng's talents are completely underrated, and his skillset fits perfectly in this type of system. I don't think the Bulls should shun any opportunity at getting Dwight Howard. But if they need to give up too much, they need to walk away. More than likely the Magic won't see a better deal than the Bulls give them.
Siuteke::Listen to yourself.  Hurt the team to give up ROLE PLAYERS like Deng and our big men? For a superstar? Done. It might not be broke, but it's not a powerhouse either. And slow your role on the "intelligent fans" comment, tough guy.
tbomber2::and remember that nobody's talking about a straight up trade.  of course howard is better than deng... but he is NOT more important than noah+gibson+deng or any other combination of players that includes him.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Derrick Rose reminds me of Kobe and Jordan so much its scary.
heartmeetsground::FIRE.HEART. D.Rose plays like it's his last game, every game.
stthorpe::Rose is on a mission the rest of the way out.  He picks up chips, places them on his shoulder, and then plays like a mad man.  Hes pissed about the heat game, pissed about the pacers game, and is going to take his game up to another level to make sure none of it happens again!!
Sean88142::Having Deng back will get the Bulls back to their winning ways for good.
tbomber2::glad theyre giving jimmy butler more minutes!
nba is the worst::So were the refs confused last night?  They must have thought D.Rose was D.Wade, 15 fts to just 13 for the whole wizards team - despite the huge points in the paint advantage for the wizards...
perrypete::are you really that dumb?  you always bring up fta, yet you dont seem to understand that miami, just like rose, attacks the basket.  therefore they will shoot more free throws!  just like the finals!  dallas is a jump shooting team and you are ignorant enough to think they should shoot anywhere close to the same fta as a team that takes it to the hole every possession.  commonsense man!
btpkk::he should of had 20 ft attempts  he even got a technical for arguing a missed call
rynodesign::He found every hole. He was great last night.
chisoldier::Did you actually watch the game?   Wizards couldn't keep Rose out of the lane, he was penetrating at will and they had no choice but to hack him.
Jaguarcrazyboy::GO BULLS. Good solid win last night!
Shoot the J. Shoot it.::Keep Deng and Taj and go out and get D12. $@%! the HEAT
btpkk::ha cant make free throws  they would have to take him out in close games
chisoldier::Shaq was a far more dominant offensive player. Howard isn't nearly as dominant on the offensive end as Shaq was.  Shaq led the league in scoring twice.  Could of had more scoring titles if he could shoot free throws.  And the biggest point is that Shaq did it against better competition at the C positon.   There are no dominant C in the league now other than Howard
Siuteke::Neither could Shaq, but he won a couple of championships.
perrypete::that wont help!  howard defends and grabs defensive boards, we already are the best at those two thing!
MJ__The ___GREATEST::"...Fresh off an embarrassing performance Sunday in Miami...." ????   Whoever wrote this recap is FU.CK.ING IMBECILE .   In Miami Rose was absolutely BRILLIANT, AMAZING , the BEST player on the court BY FAR .   This CRETIN writing recap should be FIRED !!!!
Rodgers Floggers::I thought the exact same thing.  Obviously this idiot only saw the last few minutes of the game on Sunday if anything.
perrypete::or did he single handedly get his team into deficits with his poor decision making, turnovers, and lack of defense?  it works both ways!
tbomber2::single handedly bringing your team back from large deficits throughout the game is not.
nba is the worst::Bricking 2 fts that could have tied the game  and finishing with 39% FG shooting IS embarrassing, right?
bumpynuks::Box score is looking Jordanesque. Before the rings.
perrypete::besides the turnovers, lack of defense, passing, teamwork, and rebounding!
Ron3758::I have bet on sports for a few years now and have gone through handicappers like women. Two months ago I found a system sportsbettingstar.com that is pretty decent. I have only lost 1 bet so far. It is a 2 game betting system were you double down if you lose the first bet. Im 30-1 doing this so far. Thought I would post this for anyone who is looking for a good handicapper
zags 79::Yeah, Blake Griffin blew up basketball
xrayspecspecialist::I have bet on sports for a few years now and have gone through handicappers like women. Two months ago I found a system sportsbettingstar.com that is pretty decent. I have only lost 1 bet so far. It is a 2 game betting system were you double down if you lose the first bet. Im 30-1 doing this so far. Thought I would post this for anyone who is looking for a good handicapper or is just tired of BS handicappers
ThreeKingsMIA::Bulls fans, do you guys think you have a shot at Dwight Howard?  What's the talk like over there.
SergeantBadass::howard should come to Miami
D-Rose_Garden::You would have to give up LeBron to get Howard. Bosh is not even close to worth him and I think people would be skeptical of Wade's health.
SergeantBadass::yeah it'd be ridiculous. but oh god to see bosh leave for howard would be so crazy
greg94327::howard for battier, the big 3 just need to take a small pay cut
ThreeKingsMIA::lol I don't think that one's a possibility
Madhouse_United::He hasn't approached us. He is a great player, but you'd have to give a good chunk of depth to get him.
greg94327::hard to say. chicago can definately offer the most for Howard in comparison with the Lakers, Nets, Clippers, etc. Gotta think the deal would be something like Noah, Deng, and picks give or a take a few more players. I dont like the thought of losing Deng in the trade but something tells me the best Center and Point Guard in the NBA playing together would be hard to stop.
greg94327::Something tells me Orlando wouldnt want Boozer.
andrewb123456::not worth it if we have to give up deng noah boozer and draft pick should be most we give up for him
ThreeKingsMIA::I agree with you.  If I were the Bulls I'd give up Deng if I could get Howard.  Wonder if that's actually a possibility.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::I think giving up Noah, Boozer, Asik and maybe a pick would be fine. Not sure if that trade would even work though.
Madhouse_United::Never Mind. You wrote picks already.
ChicagoSportsFan2301::I think for the most part most fans are open to the possibliity if it doesn't involve giving up Deng (along with another starter presumably). Deng plays so well with Rose and would leave too much of a need at 3 to give him up along with Boozer or Noah and key bench players.
zags 79::who cares?
ThreeKingsMIA::basketball fans
joshisfirst1::I have bet on sports for a few years now and have gone through handicappers like women. Two months ago I found a system sportsbettingstar.com that is pretty decent. I have only lost 1 bet so far. It is a 2 game betting system were you double down if you lose the first bet. Im 30-1 doing this so far. Thought I would post this for anyone who is looking for a good handicapper or is just tired of BS handicappers
ChicagoSportsFan2301::All I can say is I can't wait for the playoffs! If we got a Bulls-Pacers Eastern Semis and Bulls-Heat Eastern Finals that right there would be 8-14 great summer nights to already mark down on our calenders
Madhouse_United::Bulls Pacers is a great match up. IMO if we stay the 1st seed and considering both the Bulls and Heat make it to the ECF, Bulls would face: Milwaukee, Indiana, and Miami. Regardless of who makes it out of the East, I can't pick the West winner just yet.
xrobologyx::My grandma just scored on the Wizards ... and she's dead
brycemo22::I just was very disappointed in the way the nation hated him for his one mistake when he was definitely still too young and into things to reaize he was making a big mistake. I think the playoffs need to come fast. Heat and Bullsin my opinion will be the championship
Madhouse_United::The West top to bottom is the better than the East but the top 6 in the East are better than the West IMO. The Bulls-Heat will be the final IMO.
brycemo22::i was interested in what the Bulls had to say about the game last night (cant sleep/loser i guess). I am a Bron fan so I have to pull for the team he is on. I dont necessarily call that bandwagon.....I am mainly just a fan of basketball in general not for any one team.
Madhouse_United::At least you are honest about it. I don't agree with the whole following a player in a team sport, but to each his own right? I don't like LeBron at all, but he is talented I can't deny that. The loss wasn't that bad, because it was that choke job in the end that cost us.
brycemo22::never been bandwagon. again you fail at coming up with your own sincere post. You get no cookies because you fail. It is okay though you can try again. I am waiting.
Madhouse_United::Prove it. 97% of Heat "fans" here are guaranteed bandwagon since summer 2010. One of your buddies earlier even said the heat won it in 2005. LMAO! He can't even remember the ONLY title they have won. So naturally I hold you to that standard. Even if you are of the rare 3%. Why are you Here? There is a Heat board you know? Is it that boring over there? And no I personally never go on Miami boards.
brycemo22::awwwwww butthurt bulls fan. what did Lebron score last night? hmmm
GrizzK4::You mean washed up internet sayings like "butthurt"? Nice work dude.
Madhouse_United::Your denial is kind of cute. Once a bandwagon, always a bandwagon. And yes I'd like a cookie.
brycemo22::i said nothing about being mad. or that i am a bandwagon fan. cute that you have to use washed up internet sayings to get your point across though. want a cookie for trying?
Madhouse_United::Why are you here, You bandwagon heat fan? Honestly answer me. And no I'm not mad. @#$# happens. The show goes on. U Mad?
GERALDS A BULLS FAN::he got cheap with them and got rid of the coach and the players and took a gamble that is not working
GERALDS A BULLS FAN::he should of bought a casino cuz he loves to gamble
blh7068::Now that would be win win...either it goes to him or the house( him), lol
Madhouse_United::Well he has the Bobcats doesn't he? Then again it's not going well, still wish him the best there.
GERALDS A BULLS FAN::i even think he tried to buy a baseball team
GERALDS A BULLS FAN::i  remember when he tried to play baseball for the white sox too
blh7068::or baseball
blh7068::He did suck by MLB standards, but considering he didnt have any more experience than a little leaguer, it just shows how athletic the guy was (and probably still is).
SifuChris88::Hey, he was fulfilling his father's dreams man.. But gawd, did he SUCK on the Barons...
SifuChris88::http://sportsgreed.com/sites/default/files/AuthorsImages/MJ%20so%20Lebron%20said.jpg
Epicki::Playing this game tonight?  http://thewifehatessports.com/wp-content/gallery/college-basketball/jordan-crawford-xavier-dunks-on-lebron-james.jpg
LaxMiddie92::Heatster was born without testicles.  Discuss...
blh7068::Sheatster?
jeffreydahmer60::Bulls can't hang with the big boy(Heat). Keep beating the lottery teams.
Madhouse_United::He's on the list of unreasonable trolls. Please Ignore the idiot.
blh7068::OP-Keep telling yourself a 4 point win that could have gone either way was a convincing win. Cant hang my A$$...
Epicki::They did hang with the "big boy" Heat without some of their good players.
GERALDS A BULLS FAN::just like the heat cant hang with the bottom feeders like the bucks
GERALDS A BULLS FAN::and they beat the heat..the heat only won by 4 points thats a win yes but look at what talent it took to beat the bulls without the same talent
jeffreydahmer60::Bucks suck. Hey, that rhymes.
GERALDS A BULLS FAN::the bulls won yesterday
jeffreydahmer60::In an alternate universe maybe.
GERALDS A BULLS FAN::chicago is always a sports town always has been and always will be....just look at the cubs the worst records but the most fans of any team in sports history
berettapx4::pathetic to be a chicago fan. I'd rather be a toronto fan these days
Madhouse_United::Now I've seen it all. A fail troll, who was admittedly angry that Jordan and co. OWNED the NBA in the 90's, who is also a Heat/Celtics fan (where were those two teams in the 90's?). Who were you rooting for in the 2011 EC Semifinals? lol misguided fairweather.
blh7068::Boston has also been around about 20 years longer than the Bulls...and won half or slightly better of their 17 rings before the Bulls became established.
blh7068::fair enough.
Madhouse_United::I'm not saying it's exactly tarnished, but teams with losing records on both sides could still make the playoffs frequently. I agree with the 20 years etc.
blh7068::I get that, but it doesnt tarnish their accomplishment.  It was what it was. My point to this tool was to remind him/her that the Celtics have had 20 more years, and that 8 or 9 of the rings came before the Bulls came to be.
Madhouse_United::Less teams as well in the 50's and 60's when they won the bulk of their trophies.
Madhouse_United::Norm Van Lier. Nate Thurmond first quadruple double. 1975 fell to the Warriors in 7, a game away from the Finals. 80's one of the best in the late 80's but we couldn't get past the pistons till 91.
blh7068::Chicago had some very good teams in the 70s...Love, VanLier, Boerwinkle Gilmore to name a few players.
blh7068::Yep....
Madhouse_United::Sloan, Love, Thurmond. also. Oops sorry you had written Love already.
ermharri::What was Chicago before Jordan and after
ermharri::Imgoingbeatyouall424 Get into the lane on a whim.   Apparently this is all Rose does better than Lebron.  Watch out Lebron
randalls2789::Hes pretty good at shaking Lebron out of his shoes too I might add.
Imgoingbeatyouall424::Answer my question below about how Lebron is the biggest idiot ever.
ermharri::Rose does not pass better sorry bro next time
Imgoingbeatyouall424::Rose passes better also and has a much better attitude towards the game.
Epicki::From?
themightyrule10::you're fired
themightyrule10::what if the EAST just keeps losing the finals and continues to be the inferior conference?
ermharri::U mad?
ermharri::Really - Then you must know Chicago isn't anywhere close To Boston in NBA history
Madhouse_United::They have the most championships. I know they had 8 straight as well. I don't need to bring up the Celtics because you aren't worthy of calling yourself a fan of such a decorated franchise.
Madhouse_United::Don't even get me started on today's Celtics. But you're Celtics and and a Heat fan? LOLOLOLOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLL. By the way, Celtics fans love history so there is no way you are one, especially if you didn't know who won in 2006.
ermharri::I'm not a Heat from Boston but I like them better than the Bulls
ermharri::No Russell dominated for a decade
Rodgers Floggers::Yes, in a time when there were 8-10 teams in the league.
ermharri::No i like how he has been bashed as a young kid making(not a bad decision to come to Miami) but a poor exit from Cleveland.  Listen there are hundreds of terrible athletes out there for kids but LBJ isn't one of them like he is made out to be.
Imgoingbeatyouall424::That strengthens my point lol.
SodGod47::6 years? Try a decade
Imgoingbeatyouall424::And you like that Lebron came to Miami to form a "dream team" and proceeded to promise his fans 6 championships or whatever. The way he made himself the center of attention is maddening.
ermharri::I guess I always hated when Jordan dominated for like 6 years
Madhouse_United::Now you're not a Heat fan? Take your medicine Bandwagoner.
Imgoingbeatyouall424::Why?
Madhouse_United::ermharri "umm 2005 who won the championship?" Proof todays Heat fans are 97% bandwagoners. The SPURS won it in 2005 against the Pistons. The Heat won it in 2006 against the Mavericks. All your credibility has just been lost kid. LLLLLLMMFFFFFFAAOOOOOO at the Bandwagoner.
---Heatster.---::I remember in 2008 Vinny Del Negro took the Bulls players bowling to make them forget how Wade schooled them and hit that running buzzer beater. What do you guys think is Thibodeau's plan this time around? Movies? Panty shopping? Slumber party?    Discuss...  .
blh7068::Id just worry if Spoelstra has enough weeping towels handy this season...there werent enough last year
Epicki::I'm really starting to believe Heatster is some kind of bot.
---Heatster.---::Me too  .
DeWayne5783::re*tarded wow espn really
DeWayne5783::Heatser your stuff is not funny. Just pretty f*ckin $@%!$@%!
DeWayne5783::No, you only post stupid sh*t.
---Heatster.---::I only post facts  .
Imgoingbeatyouall424::Still loving that you're liking your own comments.
Madhouse_United::6/10
Imgoingbeatyouall424::Lebron might be the most classless player in all of basketball.
Imgoingbeatyouall424::Lebron dont blind me with all those shiny rings on your fingers.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::isn't he engaged? At least someone in the family will have a ring
Epicki::What rings?
Epicki::From?
themightyrule10::you're fired
themightyrule10::bulls fans choke the weasel and watch 2011 finals highlights...
ermharri::Bulls give a call to Michael maybe he can bring the glory years back to Chicago
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Does anyone remember any Heat fans before July 2010? Me neither.
ermharri::umm 2005 who won the championship?
DeWayne5783::LOL classic example of the bandwagon. dosen't even know when his team won their only championship
CHITOWNBULLS1991::where were the fans when u guys got swept in 07? Also, real fans don't show up late to every game. Just sayin
Madhouse_United::LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO it was 06 you idiot!!!!!!! LLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLL
Madhouse_United::Some bandwagoned when they won in 06 but then left when we swept them in 07. Now they are back.
Imgoingbeatyouall424::Rose can do things that Lebron can only dream about.   Discuss.
ermharri::ok and those are?
Imgoingbeatyouall424::Its not about the stats its about the intangibles.
ermharri::Where's that in the stat book
Imgoingbeatyouall424::Get into the lane on a whim.
ermharri::Better question what can Rose do that Lebron can't
ermharri::Shoot - pass a whole lot better - rebound better - plays better defense
Ditkaheads::don't forget choke better!
Imgoingbeatyouall424::What can lebron do that rose cant?
ermharri::They both can end of discussion
themightyrule10::does anyone remember the heat handling the bulls in the conference finals?   and lebron d'ing up derrick rose?   discuss.....
windy.city.assassin::http://t0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQzWP0OwsfOkDGYBT8AUJZrt_L7sIuEP9iXG85LUV6A6Sm_Lc9T41X4hRuS  This guy plays great defense.
windy.city.assassin::http://blog.mysanantonio.com/spursnation/files/2011/05/Derrick-Rose-LeBron-James-513-306x416.jpg  Wade with a hand full of jersey.
windy.city.assassin::http://media.philly.com/images/600*450/20110519_inq_nba19-b.JPG  Lebron fouls people and doesn't get called?  I agree.
ermharri::But of course Rose didnt choke he just cried
Ditkaheads::like the Queen, just imitating!
DeWayne5783::good thing that led to lebron's first ring. D'oh!
windy.city.assassin::Does anyone know where I can get the video of James and Wade doing this spring's hottest new dance, the MIA Flop?  Discuss...
ermharri::Live in Boston not a Heat fan but hate the Bulls
Madhouse_United::ermharri don't you have a heat board to attend? Or do you find it boring there you fairweather fan?
Imgoingbeatyouall424::And then they cried after they lost to the Mavs.
ermharri::Yeah they did that dance last year in Chicago 's locker room after the conf. finals
Ditkaheads::Short dance, Dallas dance was better!
windy.city.assassin::Dang it's been around that long?  I thought it just came out.
---Heatster.---::FOUND IT !!!  http://twitpic.com/8dtcj5  Thanks for your help guys  .
DeWayne5783::nice self like there champ
windy.city.assassin::Anyone know where I can get a Chris Bosh poster?  Particularly one with him hunting herbivores in the wild?  Discus...
themightyrule10::BULLS FANS-   joakhim noah cried when lebron danced to michael jackson...FACT
ermharri::I agree great story
zags 79::The Heat cried, when they lost a REGULAR SEASON game to the Bulls
CHITOWNBULLS1991::cool story, bro.
jhn753377::What the hell is going on with the boards?
Imgoingbeatyouall424::Heat fans go back to your boards and talk about your epic win against NO. Nobody likes you guys!
---Heatster.---::Anyone knows where can I buy a John Lucas III's poster? Particularly one where people are flying over him?  Discuss...  .
Madhouse_United::Online? You can get anything online.
ermharri::Luol Deng is selling them from the bench
Ditkaheads::played like Rondo, OWNED
Madhouse_United::I'm just saying. Rose is still fairly young. Yes, he lost I get it. But bron skipped college. He had a headstart and still can't find a way when the going gets tough when it matters. U mad?
ermharri::If Lebron choked in the Finals- what did Rose do last year in the playoffs? Cry?
Madhouse_United::In response to your other comment in case you did not read:  I'd rather not be there yet, than choke like that. Worst drop in PPG from the regular season to the Finals in history (or at least somewhere up there.) in 2011. FAIL. Swept by the Spurs. FAIL. Umad?
Imgoingbeatyouall424::I love how you're the only one liking your comments.
themightyrule10::I cannot wait for the day when lebron catches an oop and applies liberal amounts of his groin to joakhim noah's face
ermharri::Against who- the Wizards.  Why do Noah and Boozer play great against terrible teams but not against pure talent?
ermharri::JOBLOW NOAH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Epicki::Yea. You know a player blows when they only score 14 pts and grab 13 rebs in a game...
Dirty Rugs::45 minutes for korver? where'd that come from??
ermharri::Did you really need a answer to that question?
themightyrule10::luol deng DNP
Madhouse_United::We got the Sixers up next. Any Bulls fans thoughts on the matchup? Easy enough without Deng? Or cause for concern?
ermharri::Against the bulls he is
Herby2.0::Is that why he missed two free throws to ice the game?
Imgoingbeatyouall424::Nobody can be clutch in every game. Look at your man lebron, is he ever clutch.
Jamie5731::Wouldn't be shocked if Philly won the game, those guys can play
Madhouse_United::They haven't faced too many contenders, but They are still pretty underrated. It will be a close one.
ermharri::Just like he was against Miami?
Madhouse_United::I'd rather not be there yet, than choke like that. Worst drop in PPG from the regular season to the Finals in history (or at least somewhere up there.) in 2011. FAIL. Swept by the Spurs. FAIL. Umad?
ermharri::Derica Finals?  Sorry never been there!
Madhouse_United::Bron. Finals. Need I say more? Really?
Imgoingbeatyouall424::Tough game. We will pull it out in the end though bc Rose will be clutch money this time.
Madhouse_United::I think it will be a close Bulls win. Their Defense is pretty good. But our Rebounding is always a factor working for us.
