KingchristopherII::lets go celtics
cellus24::Paul Pieerce on FSN New england talking about the 5 game win streak and his last couple of games droping 30 plus. Boston is starting to put it together at the right time http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Tcx3LMRN9k&amp;feature=channel
HTownRprsntr::Looks like the Rockets are in the business of just giving games away
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!!
DaBostonStrangler3::B's!!
SupaFlySupreme::Lol who said Rondo was a top 5 PG? Dumbest statement ever, dude looking like David Wesley.
RaidersCelticsRedsox::lol at ur basketball ignorance....ur a moron...of the 9 triple doubles in the nba season so far this year ...rondo has 4 of them....i'd say that makes him easily in the top 5 POINT GUARDS...not chuckers...POINT GUARDS.. ..keep laughing clown...
RaidersCelticsRedsox::im mad bro...
rmh61284::^^^ sensitive
Fat Kid And Druggy Daddy::Pauls been balling lately he's the only reason why the Boston Celtics are above 500.
WestTexasCowboys...::Houston needs a coach. McHale is trash.
rmh61284::greatness doesnt happen overnite guys, be patient
rmh61284::give kevin time
Yo11Centerfield9::He has taken a less talented team than some and they are 21-18.  What's not to like?
raven.52::Boston continues to struggle vs bad teams,no way they go anywhere in the playoffs.BTW, Nice layup Rondo.
gwaller8::What did KG grab?  He likes to grab certain things, as he has shown.  Round things, among others.
YodaSucks::The celtics should pull a trade for Fredette and Cousins from Sac. Without trading any of the big four. Impossible? most certainly. But one can dream....
J-SMOOVE2029::Boston has played 9 more home games than road games.  They are about to get some higher numbers in the L column.
Jdzspace::or get better on the road and continue our path to that #4 spot. .. or higher
Sixers1234567::Chris Kaman is on the trading block Celtic fans...
Drunken_In_Public::If we still had Perkins we wouldn't need Kaman, just sayin.
J-SMOOVE2029::trading for Chris Kaman will require giving up too much.  Remember, David Stern still owns the Hornets.  He wont just give a team Chris Kaman for nothing.  Plus Kaman's contract is 14 million.  It will be hard to make the salaries match too.  Best case scenario is to sign him off waivers IF New Orleans chooses to waive Kaman which they have said they wont.
Jdzspace::that was the thing, they were just trading for a pick. Not a player. so the salaries would compound on what they already have on the books and put them in the penalty so to speak.   they could trade a player, but then the other team would have to take on that salary where it counts against their salary cap.   they wanted to move Beasley to get his contract off the books and get a pick for the future, so trying to match salaries goes against what they want. it gets a little complex, but just adding a player doesn't fix it alot of the times
Sixers1234567::Yea i never really understood why the Lakers declined that offer can you explain? The Lakers diddn't want to use the Odom trade exception for Beasley but what if they just traded Luke Walton for him and not used the trade exception? If the salaries match does the luxery tax matter? If a team traded a 2nd round pick and players who matched Kamens 14 mil wouldnt that work?
J-SMOOVE2029::yeah, but trading a 2nd rd pick for Kaman is easier said than done if you take the luxury tax into account.  that is the main reason the lakers turned down the Beasley trade for a draft pick.  they didnt want to go into the luxury tax because of the new cba.
Sixers1234567::I appreciate your basketball knowledge. I know it would be really hard for Boston to trade for Kaman's 14 million contract but they could really use him.  I read somewhere that NO's asking price has dropped dramaticly from earliar in the season when they were actively trying to trade Kamen. I read that all NO is asking for is a 2nd round pick.
Sixers1234567::True. Outside the big 4 the Celtics have really nobody to trade that anyone would want. Maybe A. Bradley, JO, Wilcox, and a 2nd round pick for Chris Kaman. lol.
oreed born again sox4life::we have 0 chips
NBA_refs_are_weak::emphasis on that box on twinkies
Jdzspace::we could give them JO and a box of twinkies
Bdlowrey94::ok ok what about this, we trade chris wilcox jujuan johnson to the wizards for javele mcgee and shelvin mack.. we throw in our 1st rounder...
broncosrcorner24::Why would we trade Bass, he's dirty
NBA_refs_are_weak::yea really. doesnt take much of an IQ to understand, ok GRAB EVERY REBOUND YOU CAN. THATS IT. DONT WORRY ABOUT OFFENSE
Bdlowrey94::true but he can rebound and BLOCK
oreed born again sox4life::javele mcgee IQ IS -21
Bdlowrey94::or substitute wilcox with bass
oreed born again sox4life::why can Jermaine o'neal  just retire what is he trying to prove? we need a new center
YodaSucks::He said he wants a ring, and that he has already made enough money. But idk how he expects to win a ring, he does realize that he is on the team right?
BoStonBoY1281::He's not trying to prove anything. He's just collecting checks at this point lol
Bdlowrey94::or hell even this trade... http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7bzudf4
Bdlowrey94::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7covj32
34BigDaddyO::This one is more realistic with the Rockets getting a young talent in Johnson. And I like Dalembert.
YodaSucks::Yeah i like this trade because like bigdaddy says it keeps the team pretty much intact. We dont lose the big three, or our young talent in Rondo, who is the future of the franchise IMHO.
34BigDaddyO::I agree, he was a beast in Philly when Andre Miller was getting him the ball in the right spots. They don't need a big blockbuster trade. Keep this team intact as much as you can, and get a big man for rebounding. I guess giving Johnson or Moore up is our best to offer.
Jdzspace::if it was at all possible to get Sammy i would be happy. we could absolutely use him. and Rondo could get him averaging a double double easily
Bdlowrey94::im still saying we NEED this trade http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7aa9ffw
Bdlowrey94::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7ga8fkm
BoStonBoY1281::That's lunacy for the Suns lol.
34BigDaddyO::The Suns would not do this. Why would they? Take on more salary, downgrade in big men and get a useless guard?
red888sox::the Celtics have a brutal schedule through the rest of march and april. 3 games against Philadelphia, Miami, and Atlanta. 1 game against Chicago, Indiana, New York, Orlando, both LA teams, San Antonio, Denver. 18 of 29 remaining games are against current playoff teams. These two months will tell us all we need to know about this team
JRod8954::I think everyone already knows what the Celtics are.  A bottom feeder Eastern Conference Team who'll get thrashed in the 1st round.  Even if the Celtics falter a bit in this stretch, it's not like the Cavs, Pistons, or Bucks will seize the day.
RaidersCelticsRedsox::all they have to do is beat out the knicks and sixers in the atlantic division and they are 4th seed moron...
Jdzspace::the odds are not high of that happening, as long as we outpace the sixers.
red888sox::If the Celts play Chicago in the first round, I could see them causing the bulls some trouble. I'm certainly not saying they would pull of the upset, but it could be an interesting series. If they manage to snag the 6th seed or better, they could certainly make some sort of run.
Jdzspace::the truth is, most likely we will end p at the 4th seed as long as we own the division.   people who talk nonsense about 7 or 8 seed should probably remember that as long as we keep the division lead. we will be no further down than 4
Jdzspace::like i said, all we have to do is outpace the Sixers, and we will be the 4th seed.   when we win our division, we are guaranteed a top 4 seed.   maybe you should read the rules junior
Dukeisking2010::I just checked the standings and the Celtics are currently the 7th seed in the east, and a game and a half back for the 6th seed.
JRod8954::Try looking at the standings again chief.  They're the 7 seed as of this second.  Now they embark on their most difficult part of their schedule with primarily road games.  If you can't see how they could end up a 7th or 8th seed your basking in Homerism-Ville.  That's where they're most likely to finish.
Dukeisking2010::Also they have been 7-8th like all season.
Dukeisking2010::I honestly forgot the Sixers, Hawks and Pacers have been slumping. hell when I saw that Boston had won 5 in a row I was thinking to myself "really".
Jdzspace::dude, WTF? we currently sit at the 6th seed.   if we win tomorrow, we will be the 4th seed, as long as we outpace the Sixers. . . . that will be our seed. the 4th.   i don't know where you are getting 7 or 8th from. geez
Dukeisking2010::Well it depends on who they play. If they get a 7-8 seed their screwed in the 1st round. If they get the 6th seed, I could see a run in the playoffs.
THA TRUTH 365::CELTICS NEVER SHOULD HAVE GOTTEN RID OF KENDRICK
THA TRUTH 365::DANNY AINGE MAKES BAD CHOICES, NOW HE WANTS TO TRADE RONDO, THE PLAYER WHO'S CARRYING THE TEAM.
bigllama11::Yea... Because acquiring the big 3 then dominating the league, and the eastern conference for years was such a bad choice.  Get real, unless you headhunt for superstars it's impossible to stay on top.  He accomplished the goal a few years back… Now it’s time to rebuild; otherwise they would be sitting in 2nd to last place like they were in 06-07.  Sheesh.
THA TRUTH 365::DANNY AINGE SHOULD HAVE TREATED HIM BETTER
Jdzspace::he should have taken the offer
Jdzspace::we didn't have a choice. he turned down the max offer that we could give him. so he got moved so we didn't lose him for nothing.   HE HAD TO GO. . . . it's really time you start dealing with that FACT
Jdzspace::last year was the last year of Perks contract and he turned down the Celtics max offer.   if they didn't trade him, they would have lost him for nothing in the off season. which is why they made the trade.   it had to be done. not to mention that at the time we only had 6 active players due to injury
Dukeisking2010::He didn't have to be traded because that was the last year their window would have been open anyway. I think if Green comes back strong than it was a decent trade, but still they basically got nothing for him. Green has been overrated since college.
Jdzspace::you aren't listening to me. They made an offer to Perkins, it was the most the Celtics could afford to make to him.   and he turned the offer down, so he HAD TO BE TRADED. or they would lose him for NOTHING.   like i said, he had to be traded
Dukeisking2010::No they didn't. They got Jeff Green and thats it. Why did they have to trade Nate too. When they traded Perk they lost that edge in height and rebounding they had with Garnett, Shaq, Jermaine(I LOL when I typed that) and Perk. If they didn't trade Perk last year they could have won the title. Probably would have won it.
taser555::or Havlichek
Celtics17Banners::God I know!
yale203::we gotta get lin on the celtics somehow.  all the way !
broncosrcorner24::Lin is average, he had a little run where he was awesome. but he will not consistently be a great player in this leauge
YodaSucks::Yeah i will stick with Rondo, thanks tho.
Celtics17Banners::Ummm no
BoStonBoY1281::Any Celtic fan thinking this team can do anything in the playoffs... is delusional. We should be wanting them to tank games right now!
Dukeisking2010::I agree with you Bostonboy but I still think Bostons Big 3 has one last run in them. One thing they still do better than about  30 teams in the league is play defense.
J-SMOOVE2029::they struggle to score in the half court setting and struggle to score in general.  with jeff green gone for the year, their scoring was bound to suck.  Also, without Perkins and Shaq, the rebounding has severely suffered.  If you cant score easy buckets in the half court and cant rebound, you arent going anywhere in the playoffs.
BoStonBoY1281::nah not really. not anymore.
Celtics17Banners::This boston team is the deadliest team. If healthy and clicking they can beat anybody
J-SMOOVE2029::lol, no way.  you is delusional.
BoStonBoY1281::Least I'm being honest. This team can't get through the East point blank period. so break it up now and get picks or young talent.
Jdzspace::the ugly truth is that nobody is willing to give Danny what he wants for any of the big 3.   so they will stay in place, Danny isn't going to make a move just to make a move. that is stupid
Dukeisking2010::Yeah Allen won't get moved. Lets leave it at that
Jdzspace::all i know is that they reported the Clippers interest, and what Danny wanted. and the Clippers can't do it because we already own their pick for next year and the player they could trade us is injured.   nobody else has even asked about Ray as of yet. so it's unlikely he is moved.
BoStonBoY1281::Gordon got moved in the Paul deal. U must mean Foye?
Dukeisking2010::I'm guessing he doesn't realize Eric Gordon is now on the Hornets.
Jdzspace::that would be the only young piece that they have. who is injured right now.   so like i said, not gonna happen. they dont' have what Danny wants. so Jesus stays. . . .and given what happened tonight, why would you want anything else?
BoStonBoY1281::Gordon?
Jdzspace::no, he won't. the only team that has a ton of interest in him is the Clippers. and Danny wants a young piece AND a draft pick.   and Gordon is injured and we ALREADY OWN their draft pick.   Jesus ain't going anywhere
BoStonBoY1281::Allen will be moved, mark my words.
Jdzspace::we aren't going to move one of the big 3 just for the sake of moving. them, that is stupid. if Danny gets an offer than he'll take it. but he hasn't gotten any offers that are worth it.
BoStonBoY1281::It'll be a huge mistake if they don't move one of the big 3. and i don't literally mean tank games lol pros like Garnett, Pierce &amp; Allen wouldn't allow that kinda shiht. But I'm saying from a fans point of view, we should be wanting them to lose games to better are draft position.
Jdzspace::doesn't make any sense. nobody wants our expiring contracts for picks. so now what? tank games? what kind of Celtic fan would actually want us to do that?   you are a terrible Celtics fan if you think that is how we do things in Boston
Jdzspace::your such a great fan. . . please dont' post here every again
heat are the best ever 4::boston are heats gay little brothers
itdoesntmatterwhoiis::since when did LeBitch become the RuPaul of basketball???
Jdzspace::and yet the Cetlcis are the ones with 17 championships, 60+ hall of famers, 10 of the 50 best to ever play the game, and 2 of the top 4 best players of all time, not to mention more hall of famers and coaches of the year, and averaging one championship every 10 years or so with a 75% win percentage in the finals.   compared to the Frauds from south beach, who have nothing but 1 overrated player, 1 dirty playing $@%!$@ and the ru paul of basketball.   you should be proud. . . moron
Celtics17Banners::LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL the RuPaul of basketball ahahahaha perfect
Celtics17Banners::And the Mavs are the Heat's daddy ( spanked that $@%! )
michael315630::if the nets waive gerald green after his 10 day contract it is up, the Cs should give him another shot add some athleticism and some scoring i think he would be a great addition off the bench
MikeBreenGetGreen::Doc would quit on the spot
green solution::Do you really think Doc would use him creatively and intelligently? Hell no.
michael315630::Bring in POWE!!! C's need rebounding
michael315630::waive his @$$ and pick him up not sure why he isnt picked up by another team yet
Jdzspace::we have to waive JO FIRST. . .  the it's powe or Posey
green solution::But why does it take the surgery for Doc to make the move? He should have been sitting a year ago - or more. He is dead weight.
Jdzspace::no it wouldn't, if JO says he will have the season ending surgery it will be simple to waive him
green solution::Waive JO? That would take guts. Danny and (especially) Doc don't have the guts.
ynot1825::ray allen to the bulls would = a ring....
Jdzspace::not happening
Cav408::ya rip hasnt played at all hes been injured all season and keeps getting reinjured. Not worth it for the C's
King47373::they have rip hamilton though.
ynot1825::ray would be an upgrade
King47373::I hope ainge sees how bad we have rebounding problems we need to trade for a legit center asap.
green solution::They won't. That would be intelligent.
King47373::trade Jermaine o'neal for a bag of chips.
green solution::Cut JO. Should never have signed him.
Simply__Amazing::bum should be out for the rest of season thank god
Simply__Amazing::not worth it
jank6708::Watch out Houston here comes K-Love to take the 8th seed
shotcaller93::Greg Stiemsma had a huge game for the Celtics He should get more Minuets in the coming games
green solution::He won't. Doc is clueless when it come to big man substitution.
Jdzspace::I don't care what the media says, i care about what i have seen with my own two eyes. and there is nothing i have seen since Doc has been at the helm to make me think anything other than i have said about him.   he is the best active coach in the NBA next to Pop. and that is based on everything i have mentioned
green solution::All teams have plenty of players that come through town. He's an intelligent guy, tough-minded about defense (which is good) and likeable. I'll give him that. But he is incredible overrated. Not one writer in town says one bad thing about him. They criticize BB of the Pats quite a lot.
Jdzspace::I think Doc has earned a little more respect and a little bit of the benefit of the doubt considering all the success he has brought Boston with all the different people that have come through our team in the last few years.
michael315630::agreed wish they would have played him more he has a great baseline shot
Jdzspace::no, i'm just stating facts.
green solution::You're in love.
Jdzspace::there is nothing he is horrible at. he has managed the egos on this team perfectly over the years, he has managed the minutes perfectly, when we had half the team injured he has STILL managed to win atleast 50games a year time after time.   he has developed young guys, he has tamed "problem" players, he has developed some very awesome benches. he is great out of timeouts, not to mention that he is the guy who has developed Rondo into what he is.   there is nothing you can say he is horrible at, that is just 100% untrue
green solution::He's average at best. Nobody will confront him. Why? Because he's a nice guy and a good interview. That's bull. He is horrible at so many aspects of the game. He gets the ultimate pass here.
Titletown_MA::I still like Doc but agree Stiemsma needs more minutes.  Great shot blocker and always plays hard.
Jdzspace::Doc is not good? are you drunk? c'mon now. that doesn't even make sense
green solution::Doc is ruining the kid. He'll never trust him. Treating him just like he is Nenad. Doc would rather have JO's corpse in there. Doc is not good.
Joey Phase::I'm from NY and I'm a huge Celtic fan, I have been since I was 12 years old. I even believe we should trade the big 3 and just focus our future on rebuilding around Rondo. I love Pierce as a player, I always will, but I'll continue to support him wherever he ends up. In my heart that man will always be a Celtic. However, for the best interest of the team we must start rebuilding now. I don't think the organization will be happy if they have another hopeless decade like they did in the 90's. That can all be avoided, if we stack on draft picks and young ballers now.
michael315630::keep the team intact and just resign them all next year
Joey Phase::what good will that do?
King47373::keep pierce and rondo but trade kevin garnett and ray allen
Rondo is a Bum::Good night guys. Go Celtics!!!!!!!!!!
tacoted45::bulls'
Cav408::The 2 best teams in the east suck lol. Typical hater talking out of his $@%.
forktailed-devil::they suck, just like miami cheat
Leisiago::How did Rondo miss the layup? if celtics lost this game the blame will be on him
shotcaller93::GAME WAS CRAZY, i was there, $@%!$@% nuts!!!!
STR8REBEL::It was a strange game, but at the end of the day, it went into the win column for the C's
big1dunny::How did Ray miss a free throw late in the 4th? How did KG miss 2 free throws to ice the game in OT? How did Pierce cause a backcourt violation to give Houston a chance to force double OT? It was a crazy game and boston had tons of chances to ice the game and blew it not just Rondo. And houston blew a 10 point lead with a few mins left. Doc said it best it was a strange game lol
aztigen29::im just lazy to type, but this exactly what im thinking.. :)
DarkZihark::He never secured the ball and fumbled it all the way up to the basket forcing him to take a bad shot, so that's the how...
FansRuinedTheGame::Remember when the Celtics had a deep team? It only lasted a couple years before it vanished but it was pretty sweet.
King47373::Rondo should go back to wearing his headband because for some reason he plays better with it on.
Solitary.Pine::66% of Celtics points scored tonight by guys who are over 32. 60% of Celtics starters are over 32. Celtics days are numbered.
michael315630::ya old and still rattling off 5 straight Ws!!! haha suck it!!!
Solitary.Pine::Celtics win % last five years: .805 -&gt; .756 -&gt; .610 -&gt; .683 -&gt; .541   Do you see a trend? Your big three get older, your win percentage declines. My point is that this is probably the last year the Celtics make the playoffs for a while.
Jdzspace::the funny thing is, that it doesn't matter what the win % is in the regular season. we still got 2 trips to the finals out of it. . .  .and we're not done yet. :)
aztigen29::i know.. but season is not over yet..
bpatriots1281::its great they are the greates old players in the league whats your point
Go-Heat::Good luck down the stretch Celtics fans!
Alex Bader::Paul Pierce playing like a boss..  Celtics are gonna sneak up on teams come playoff time.
Go-Heat::Pierce in beast mode tonight?!
bpatriots1281::yes he was rather beast
drewtigeralum::Give Johnson 21 minutes and I guarantee you he puts up better numbers than Wilcox.  Unfortunately, Doc is determined to ride his vets straight to the glue factory.
green solution::Doc can't substitute. Incredibly over-rated coach.
MikeBreenGetGreen::Bad sign, big minutes for KG, Ray and Pierce.  Doc forgetting about the bench
FansRuinedTheGame::Bradley's had flashes too but neither should be your best options off the bench. They might be though.
drewtigeralum::Johnson has look good when Doc has let him leave the bench.
FansRuinedTheGame::What bench???
SJK35::What does the headline on the recap mean - "Garnett nets 30"??  Do they need better editors?
SJK35::Ha - never mind.  They edited it.  It now says 13.
King47373::Because garnett just passed shaq on the all time rebound list.
SJK35::But he didn't "net" 30 of anything...he got 13 rebounds and moved into 12th place on the list.
Bdlowrey94::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7aa9ffw
34BigDaddyO::And why would the Suns do this trade exactly? Take on more salary, downgrade in big men and get a useless guard? I'm a Celtics fan, I would like to see frontcourt help, but you got to give something to get something my man.
Bdlowrey94::to stretch the D he shoots 39% from deep and its bench help SOMETHING WE NEED and lopez to me is a poor mans perkins but he's better than JO and he'll be healthy in 3 days this trade is very possible
bpatriots1281::why do we need channing frye  and plus JO is injured
IsaiahFrancis::idk i kinda like wilcox, although lopez's height is much needed
IsaiahFrancis::bring on the sixers  1st place in division...LET'S GO!!!
Jdzspace::i think we need a rest, this game took a lot of energy out of me. and i just watched it
Bdlowrey94::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=6pcjqdt
Solitary.Pine::Celtics = same number of wins as Twolves. I guess the Garnett trade benefits are now over as far as the Celtics are concerned.
michael315630::k love= suh
Solitary.Pine::That's right. You better keep your soft whiney Celtics away from him or they might need to go see a nurse.
bpatriots1281::Cs would win mental and physical battle
bpatriots1281::hey the t wolves got game except klove is one of the dirtiest players in the game stomping on defensless players
Andrew-Baugh::Damn tough loss rockets GL rest the way..
york15york::The Celtics NEED to try an get josh smith, he'd work perfectly with their system what the full trade for him could be   http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
cellus24::Paul Pierce is killing these last couple of games. he was talking about in a interview on fox sports net http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Tcx3LMRN9k
New England Patriots and Boston Celtics::Lol at people who are jealous of the c's 17 we will remain at the top! 17 and counting.
bpatriots1281::its all about 18
Rondo is a Bum::Glad my C's pull this game out. I wasn't sble to watch it but when I checked my phone, Boston kept being down by 5-8 points. PP looked like he had a great game as well as Ray. Thoughts?
bpatriots1281::um yes can u change your screen name i dont agree.      rondo is good
bpatriots1281::whos better that the Cs can afford.
Rondo is a Bum::No, my fellow C's fans overrates Rondo too much.
