L.E.S. the lower::Finally,Knicks win,yet all you are going to hear is that it was the Nets. Boston in first place,having only one more lost than the Beaneaters.What does that tell you,division is up for grabs.Say what you want,but in the end we could still win this division. As far as being delusional,only those who think that it can't happen,are the ones who are delusional. Good thing the star had some assist,they were hitting the shots off the pass. Just want to read and hear all the hoopla between Iman and Carmelo. Who was that guy that pushed Schumpert,and the first teammate to step up for the young man? A win is a win in the right direction...
David B::Who are those guys playing for the Nets? Is this the D league? Knicks shooting nearly 60% of 3's. Live by the 3 die by the 3. Tonight it was live, tomorrow? Could the Nets beat a good college team? Or even a powerhouse HS team? 17K people watched this? I loved the small talk that the announcers made. Charles was really funny, honesty can truly be funny. This was a Harlem Globetrotters and the Generals game. Guess who was who?
Diversity::4-5 more losses in a row and Jason Kidd is gone.  Gotta blame Nets management for this move.  Hiring a guy with ZERO coaching experience with the highest payroll in the league something is gonna happen.
Jerry::can anyone really believe that the Nets payroll, and that huge luxury tax would yield   these results.  the Russian is mad
Gateway::Wow. I saw Anthony pass the ball and he got 6 assists and he only took 12 shots. He and the rest of the team were passing the ball around, their finally resembling a professional; basketball team.
MICHAEL::As a life-long, currently extremely disappointed Knick fan, forget about the trash-talking and technical fouls. All I can say is the Nets allowed Carmelo Anthony to ACTUALLY SHOOT 8-12  - 67%!!! That in itself should demoralize the Nets when he is usually good for no more than 40% on any given night.
Ralph::The Nets look real bad, but the worst was when TNT put on the screen that in three of the next 5 years the Nets do not have a 1st round pick, and in the other two years Atlanta & Boston have the right to switch picks.  We might be looking at 2020 before they hit .500  If Kidd & King worked for any other team in the league (as in not owned by someone with possible KGB ties) they'd just be looking at getting fired and having trouble getting another meaningful job in the league.  They might want to hire food tasters.
Be+::The way the Nets are going, Kidd might benefit stepping on the court as a player.  Knicks can improve their season if they play team basketball.  I'm not saying the Knicks can win a championship or anything but they have enough talent to make it to the playoffs in the east.
RiverBoater::J. Kidd better Get his Uniform back on and help the Nets.  He is not Coach of the Year
WDK::I really don't like Anthony or the Knicks, but I now don't like Kidd much more.
