Ryan Staton::Naters gonna nate
Kevin Farmer::Ersan is our best shooter and he barely played the second half.
Danie Lan::Wolter with 15 dishes and 30 points tonight calling it
Sam Langner::Naters Gonna Nate
Terry McDonald::Good lord, that is the most poorly written article of all time. I know espn doesn't invest much in covering these two teams, but 10 one-sentence paragraphs is just poor form. You're better than this.
Terry McDonald::Probably an overreaction on my part -- but the point still stands.
Kris Glen::ESPN actually doesn't invest anything at all .. They simply have taken an Associated Press article and hot-linked players in the write-up. Nothing more .. So both the AP and ESPN are to blame..
Shawn Bento::Couple of morons coaching in this one, not giving their talented players minutes... Val, Sanders.
Danie Lan::Sanders isnt that great. Bucks really overpaid him :(
Jake Schmeling::Sanders has been playing horribly...I'd keep Zaza in too
Mark Ifurung::come on Milwaukee, first your floor was a danger hazard, now your scoreboard is wrong?
Terry Melvin::I'm wondering now, if the Raptors are that good, or the Bucks are that bad..
Jake Schmeling::isn't it 25 to 19?  Whats going on with the scoreboard?  I don't think FSN is in HD right now either...
Justin Burwell::Too many missed free throws for the Bucks down the stretch.
Kevin Farmer::We need del3no back.
Danie Lan::Wolter > Giannis.
Paul Schlottke::You're kidding, right?  One played his entire college career, the other is a freakishly athletic kid who has a chance to be one of the NBA's true superstars, and a big part of the Bucks saving grace.  They NEED to tank and get a guy like Parker, if not Wiggins.  Wolter may be a very solid player, and is no DOUBT a better player for us as a rookie, but in the long run?  One has the potential to be a max level player, the other has the upside to be a Luke Ridnour.  Which one do you think is going to do more to keep the Bucks in Milwaukee and not make the Greek Freak a future Seattle Supersonic?
