Andrew Lipham::GO HAWKS!!!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::GO KINGS !
David Franson::Here we go, Jimmer.  Five points in his first 2 minutes of play.
Chad Wiggins::what effort by the kings on defense their.... i can see what its so important to keep the no defense playing fredette on the bench with these defensive dynamo's the kings are marching out there.... MEfense instead of offense, Shefense instead of defense.... new coach, new trade, same old lack of effort...
David Franson::Jason Thompson not really getting it done for the Kings this year.  Starting power forward that only averages 7.4 ppg and 5.5 rpg in about 23 minutes per game.  He has had some good games, but is too inconsistent.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::True, he is most likely gone before February. Trading block !
David Franson::Ernest Bagdasaryan, if the Kings want to even think about being competitive this year, the first thing they should do is look for an upgrade at the PF position.  You are right about him probably being on the trading block.  His production has been subpar this year.
Jari Kokko::David Franson The Kings have been holding on to Thompson since they drafted him for some reason.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Anyone catch the last 5 mins of the heat/pacers game. Great game !
Reeves Cox::Let's go HAWKS! Beat the Kings! Let's get some momentum rolling into the new year!
Doug Holmes::I'm not a kings fan but IMO I dont think they will ever be a playoff team with a shoot first pg.. guys like cousins, gay and williams needs a guy to feed them the ball. Thomas isn't good enough to be a volume shooter
Joshua Hsu::wait until you see jimmer play tonight. then you'll see an incompetent point guard. thomas creates for cousins quite a bit at least.
Richard Bowman::while i do agree to an extent(i want Isaiah to be a high energy sixth man). Isaiah is actually a really consistent shooter especially this season.
Chad Wiggins::Joshua Hsu idiotic comment... fredette has been solid all year... hasnt turned the ball over.... gotten his teammates involved... shot the ball at fifty % from downtown.. WHAT ARE U TALKING ABOUT INCOMPETENT... ur an incompetent espn poster....
Ernest Bagdasaryan::All 3 Quarters very close, this one is going to be a last possession type of game.
Chad Wiggins::do u see how atlanta kicks that ball out to korver when he is wide open WOW.. must be nice
Chad Wiggins::wow the hawks just gave up all their hard work in a matter of a min...smh
Keith Dennis::And Kings are -9  with Jimmer on the floor.   WTH?!
David Franson::...and with Gay it was -20, McLemore it was -14.  Nobody on the team ended up in the positive.
Eric Fankhauser::Keith Dennis  jimmer  scored 9 points in 9 minutes.  Maclemore made 5 of 6 shots and was -9 or more. Not a very telling stat
Andrew Lipham::hawks are gonna get that 3 seed.
John Reyes::Poor Horford for play Atlanta is the most underrated big man in the League, The Dude has less vote to participate in the all star game Then Andrew Bynum shame on you Atlanta Washington Wizards vs. Atlanta Hawks - Conversation - December 13, 2013 - ESPN scores.espn.go.com
Jack Reeves::Only a little over 10,000 folks to watch a game in Atlanta?  The Hawks fans are a joke for not supporting their team unlike Sacramento Kings fans.
Jack Reeves::The Hawks has the 2nd worst attendance this year in the NBA yet they have the 3rd best record in the East.  What a joke to Atlanta.  (29	Hawks - AVG	13,700)
Steve Broome::I do not understand what this Kings roster is put together to do. It's definitely not play great defense, and it's definitely not share the ball easily, so what? Just play a bunch of iso ball?
David Franson::Steve Broome, that is a pretty accurate assessment of the Kings.  You can see how (un)successful these players and this type of play has been for them.
Bronson Gray::the kings are the most uncreative team in the league. 1 v 1's with gay, Thomas, cousins all game long is a joke. they don't know how to spread the ball, use their bench, or.. play defense.
Jay Tourney::More minutes for Nightcrawler aka Dennis Schröder....
Reeves Cox::Not if we want to win.
SirBeast Fiftybuc::watching the kings is a joke their basketball iq is soo low they keep on letting the hawks do the same play over and over and over and still did not adjust
Garrett Wonnacott::The Kings are just awful, I would be shocked if every player on the roster didn't want out.
Jack Reeves::They beat the Rockets last Sunday; they just can't beat the Hawks the last several years.
Widmark Polynice::So the Hawks made 47 baskets and assisted on 38 of those baskets. When was the last time a Hawks team passed the ball like that ?
Max Klein::How bad do you have to be to have 3 starters with 20 + points and still get blown out by 20? You have to be Sacramento Kings bad.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Demarcus cousins is the only player averaging 20 plus points, followed by Thomas 18.9 ppg, and rudy gay at 18 ppg.  You must be seeing numbers that aren't there.
Jimmy Coombs::Ernest Bagdasaryan He is talking about this game.  Look at the box score.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Jimmy Coombs Ok, my mistake i thought he meant players averaging certain points. The only real reason kings lost today is because of there perimeter defense. 15-25 from the three ( 60 % ) The worst team can beat the best team with that kind of shooting. I do want people to remember that the kings are in year one of the maloof free era !
SirBeast Fiftybuc::HOW THE HELL DO U LET THE HAWKS RUN THE SAME IDENTICAL PLAY 4 TIME STRAIT.....LETTING HORFORD SSHOOT ON TOP OF THE KEY
Volkmar Gates::Atlanta, the East is counting on you to keep the number of winning teams above two. No pressure. ;)
Margo McDougald::LOL GOOD 1
Chad Wiggins::teague is absolutely murdering isiah off the dribble... every single time...
Chad Wiggins::at least thomas is officially coming back at  him now..
Robert Darnell::This is BS fking figures hawks cover spread last 8/9 games and after 3 they are losing by 2
Volkmar Gates::Gamblers crack me up.
SirBeast Fiftybuc::kings goota be the most selfish and low basketball iq i ever seen no joke
Chad Wiggins::careful there fans will lash out at u, all because they are clueless about team basketball... they like individual stat lines...  and bad attitude babies
