SpudsMcDougal::Collins traded for Kwane Brown because of his "work ethic". Is playing Holiday a 2 guard at the 1 and Turner a 1 guard at the 2. Has given Spencer Hawes more minutes then Lavoy Allen. Has no patience with young talent such as Nic Vucevic who he hardly played and is averaging a double double with Orlanda now. So why is Doug Collins considered a good coach?
Ottities Unlimited LTD::This season is pure hell to be a 6ers fan, lord....
philly49erfan::fire Doug Collins. Are you kidding me...Orlando: N. Vucevic 25 Pts, 21 Reb, 4 Ast, 1 Stl.. They let this guy go. Doug Collins is an idiot.. He is averaging a double double.. Collins never played the kid.. The front office stinks.. And they still owe a draft pick for this trade..
hmacphilly::I hate to say it but the 76ers are the laughing stock of the NBA!
YoundStud::We should trade some players around next season.  Kwame Brown, Evan Turner, 2nd Round Pick 14' to Hornets/Penguins for Eric Gordon.  Dorell Wright, Thad Young to Nuggets for Danilo Gallinari.  2014 Sixers:  PG: Jrue Holiday SG: Eric Gordon SF: Jason Richardson PF: Danilo Gallinari C: Spencer Hawes  I just made this up, but think about it.   ( Assuming we release Bynum)
hmacphilly::haha terrible
SpudsMcDougal::It looks like a lineup that will win 35 games. Nothing special
braveandme::ok. good luck with that
Cswillwin::Cs commn 4 that spot atl
AustinPHL::In case it wasn't clear (lol), Sixers have definitely thrown in the towel on this season. The whole thing depended on Bynum, he flamed out, supposedly has "degenerative" knees and you know if he's got those already at his young age, his career is basically cooked. Case closed.
MatchFixersSucks IS A BIG BUM::hey who is this Shelvin Mack guy?
terrbro::You guys kill me with all of this "true center" talk.  The fact is there are only a hand full of players in the league that can't play the 5 at Horford's level.
uscatl::It's because there is no way Horford is 6'10.  He might be 6'9.  He even said on sports radio here he is closer to 6'8 than 6'10.  I do believe he is 6'8.  He has said many times he knows his natural position is PF.  He plays C because Zaza's style was perfect for the 70's and 80's, the others we have now suck, and ownership is way too cheap to get a real C.
Scott50559::Ive been following a betting system called SportsBettingStar for a few months.  Ive made over $3,000 a month now for 3 straight months since I started following it.  This system was on the very first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
PHILLY SPORTS OWN THE WORLD::Collins should have pulled a Popovich. 8 games in 12 days is rough.   Gotta feel for the Sixers this year. They just really don't have the talent to win right now.
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::dang, that sucks, the Heat sneak past the Magic
PHILLY SPORTS OWN THE WORLD::31-12 foul shots. I understand that the Heat slash to the rim and Orlando doesn't... but that's +19. Alot of freebies.
PATSORGENOS2012::Go figure
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::they called Vucevic for a loose ball foul with 38 seconds left, to send Bosh to the FT line, and to keep the Heat in the game at the end of their shot clock
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::the Magic are about to wrap it up!
the hawks is the word::that cook dude got stuffed and basted
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::yeah, then Harrington couldn't hit the dagger
Area_Code_404_ATL::Sonics 126 Hawks 123 Damien Wilkins: 41 pts, 9 reds, 2 ast, 2 stl  http://espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?id=271116001
the hawks is the word::Anybody  got any info on Shelvin Mack's game? Is he a scrub?
Area_Code_404_ATL::Philly fan on here said he didnt look great for them this year. What I read online was that Mack can play D, and even can guard the 2 at times because of his strength. All I know is , he's averaging 20 ppg in the D-League and he was the PG on Butler's National Title Game Appearance team with Gordon Heyward from the Jazz.
the hawks is the word::Any chance drew gonna play him... hahaha
Area_Code_404_ATL::Wilkins looked like Michael Jordan that one game against us. I think it was the Sonics last year in Seattle.
the hawks is the word::yeah he scored 41
J-SMOOVE898989::we need to send a message to ballston on friday.  at this stage of the game, smith and horford need to teach kg and pierce a lesson
Area_Code_404_ATL::Dominique Wilkins even said during the broadcast, "He's trying to impress me." &lt;--lmao
phillyman08::are they related by any chance?
mattazar::Domonique is his uncle
the hawks is the word::maybe he wants to make a comeback lol
PATSORGENOS2012::Best moment of the day in Philly sports: Roy Halladay getting the back of Chase Utley by throwing at the Nats after Strasberg hit Utley.  Hell of a message sent.
erinbaby1997::Really, who giives a s.hit, pre-season, childish $@% for tat.  Utley gets tagged more than anyone.
PATSORGENOS2012::I do, some Phils fans do, the Phils/Nats fans/clubhouse do...I care mostly because it's about time we see that fire from this team.  Hasnt been there for a while
PATSORGENOS2012::The thing that really makes it is our fans.....as a Pitt fan, Im sure you know all too well about PA fan numbers at DC sporting events.  They hate it haha
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::yeah, that thing from last year, banning people with Delaware, PA and other such credit cards, in the Phillies vs Nats series
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::Utley gets in the way of pitches, so what was the big deal?
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::its definitely a rivalry, ever since former Phillies went there, and the words back and forth between the two teams
PATSORGENOS2012::Honestly, I dont think Strasberg meant to throw at Utley....I do think Doc meant to throw at Moore after.  I dont mind it, havent seen this fire from the Phillies for a long time.  It definitely shows this is going to be a rivalry now
Area_Code_404_ATL::Wilkins played for us, plus his uncle was a legend for the Hawks. Damien Wilkins always has career nights against the Hawks on whatever team he plays for in his journeyman career.
J-SMOOVE898989::al jefferson avgs 18 and 10 and is a true center
cmdcw4::lol how do you know tank mode was set to <b>ON</b>?? look at damien wilkins stats
the hawks is the word::hey he scored his career high on us years ago haha
the hawks is the word::come on spurs
cmdcw4::glad i didnt watch.
slickwatts100::that bynum trade is making us look super stupid nic vucevic has 25 and 21 boards so far tonight against miami
PATSORGENOS2012::Gotta put most of the blame on Doug for that.....my biggest problem with him.  If he played him more, we would of seen a gem and kept Vuc away from a deal
slickwatts100::he needs to play moultrie big minutes right now
the hawks is the word::come on spurs
Lemuel7043::magic leading miami in th 4th. omg
PATSORGENOS2012::That wont hold
J-SMOOVE898989::In the leastern conference, a starting 5 of teague, korver, smith, horford, jefferson gets you the 2 seed behind miami next year
J-SMOOVE898989::the hawks need to get AL JEFFERSON
terrbro::Al Jefferson would ruin our defense
the hawks is the word::But Jefferson is just as liability on defense than zaza is. We need Greg Monroe
braveandme::if dwight doesnt work
slickwatts100::two words you don't wanna hear..... bad back
J-SMOOVE898989::and for some reason he doesnt seem to want to play in atlanta
J-SMOOVE898989::dwight is DONE
gold1035::gg hawks
PATSORGENOS2012::The worst part isnt the losing, it's this Sixer team is barely competitive
slickwatts100::we lost iggy vuc and harkless and got nothing in return
fastfalconvick7::What are you talking about? You only lost by 11. Wasn't a blowout at all.
slickwatts100::whoever gives bynum the max needs to get their heads checked. red flags not only with his health but also with his passion and commitment to the game. he has the derrick coleman disease. that's when you have a ton of talent but you don't love the game
PATSORGENOS2012::I have a better chance of a max deal then Bynum does.....I was in favor of the trade and still get why it was done.  However seeing how little Bynum seems to care, plus the condition of his knees, I think you just cut ties all together and start over
slickwatts100::all players get hurt but the great ones hate sitting and bust their $@%!$ to get back. this dude couldn't care less
J-SMOOVE898989::what u folks think about this lineup? pg teague sg korver sf smith pf horford c jefferson bench:  harris, stevenson, williams, johnson, zaza  2 seed next year?
Natparklover::Hey, you forgot Tolliver!
Area_Code_404_ATL::I like Jefferson too.
the hawks is the word::or hickson
fastfalconvick7::Yeah Korver would play SF.
philsphan714::kyle korver is supposed to guard most 2 guards in the league? HA
the hawks is the word::I'll trade zaza for Maxiell
braveandme::stevenson would guard the elite ones.....korver can easily guard average 2s...he is an underrated defender
fastfalconvick7::Good game Sixers. Go Hawks
J-SMOOVE898989::damn, i didnt realize we had lost 6 in a row vs philly
Area_Code_404_ATL::Josh Smith's not a real SF or a real PF. It can work out for better or worse depending on the game or opponent. CONS: He doesnt have the ball handling, enough of a consistent jump shot and slashing ability to be a real SF. He doesnt have have the post moves or skills in the post to be a good true PF. PROS: He's usually gonna have a size advantage as SF and at PF he's usually gonna be faster and more athletic than the opposing PF. The problem is Larry Drew (and Mike Woodson in the past) usually get out coached against good teams and in the playoffs and the opposing teams usually expose those CONS a lot more than we can put the PROS to use.
terrbro::Josh has plenty of nice post moves...he just doesn't spend enough time in the post!  He's also a decent ball handler for a forward...everyone can't be Lebron.  He's also a good slasher...just doesn't do it often enough.
Area_Code_404_ATL::Danny Ferry will get rid of Larry Drew I think
C-Jammin::Why?  He has taken a team that wasn't expected to compete and has them as the 5-seed.
C-Jammin::Well if we get a true center he will obviously be the SF because Horford will go to PF.
J-SMOOVE898989::like if you think the east sucks this year
PATSORGENOS2012::Hit the edit button and make that every year
n5karachy::This monkey cant get a D rebound?
sphinxasu1906::who are you calling a monkey?
bradyjosh96::guys sixers can get a top 3 pick this year
PATSORGENOS2012::and we'd screw it up
Natparklover::Sign up Tolliver next year!
J-SMOOVE898989::we need to beat ballston on friday.
PATSORGENOS2012::Just need 5 3's
the hawks is the word::If the hawks by chance doesn't convince Dwight or CP3, who do you think we should pick up?
gold1035::as a sixers fan if you guys dont resign smith you guys should go after jefferson and move horford to his original position of pf
C-Jammin::I think we do that with Dwight.  Put him at center of course which allows Horford to go to PF.
C-Jammin::I don't think we need CP3.  I think we use the money keeping Smith.  That will not only be good for us because despite his shot selection he is still an All-Star caliber player, but it will also be good for convincing Dwight because he and Josh are good friends.  As far as picking up another players, I don't know the FA market this season and I haven't heard any talk about anybody other than D12 and CP3.
C-Jammin::the hawks is the word - we need a SF, so we need to get brewer, j.j hickson. or trade pargo and jones for will bynum  That depends on Josh leaving.  We might be able to re-sign him.  We have enough to offer a max deal to him and someone else.  And it will be hard to find many SF who are as good on both sides of the ball as Josh.
the hawks is the word::we need a SF, so we need to get brewer, j.j hickson. or trade pargo and jones for will bynum
Scott50559::For a few months now I have been using this system called Sportsbettingstar to help pick winning bets. In only 60 days I have managed to double my bankroll by following this system. You can find this system on the front page of google by searching for Sports Betting Systems. If you bet on sports at all you gotta check this system out
IggyIsClutch::I want to know how much you get paid to post this here
Minnysota Vikings::Horford &gt; Howard
IggyIsClutch::Anybody&gt;Howard right now
coconutheadtaro::Greg ogden: This year I'm taking my talents to the sixers to play with Bynum.
the hawks is the word::Damian trying to prove something to Atlanta?
Dwight Is A Pansey::Turner sucks
PATSORGENOS2012::You can almost say ______ sucks when talking about the Sixers
chikfilanuggetman::smith's shot is not that bad, he has shot 47% for his career
C-Jammin::If he stayed inside the paint, he would be over 50%.  He needs to quit with the long 2s and only shoot 3s when he is WIDE open.
IggyIsClutch::That's terrible for a big man
IggyIsClutch::Why isn't he playing the 3?
Lemuel7043::Hes an SF playing PF
C-Jammin::When Jeff Teague is on his game, he is one of the best PGs in the game.  Chris Paul who?  There was talk of getting CP3 this offseason but I say we don't need him.  Keep Teague and use the money on keeping J-Smoove (even if his shot selection is atrocious) and getting a big guy (Dwight perhaps).
