Josh Schwartz::Time for revenge, Rockets. Smack down those Mavericks!
Bill Geary::Oh well nice try... Even with Howard and Lee
Eric Petrinowitsch::Marquel, you are an idiot.
Marquel Jones::lol I bet you think Dirk is good? You know you'd have Carmello Anthony over him if you could
Young Azz Chris::Marquel Jones melo is trash son
Marquel Jones::Young Azz Chris ...you know you would take Melo over Dirk anyday! Melo is a champion and he is black and his wife is hot and he' ballin outta control! Mello out young nigga
Zach Heaton::Just in case you were wondering, Dirk is still awesome.
Alex Vineyard::Of course he's still awesome. Dirk will always be awesome.
Oscar Bautista::Nice to see Dirk is still a matchup nightmare for most teams.  Trying to single cover Dirk with a smaller player is a recipe for a Dirk post up from anywhere up to the 3 point line.
Craig Keller::there are lot more things to talk about than stating the obvious about dirk, wish they could get a good center and rim protector like they had in 2011and let dirk go out in a blaze of glory! Come on Cuban. find a a way!
April Cikstean::Lol love how Jeremy baited Calderon into that foul. He knew Calderon remembers that buzzer beater in Toronto.
Tuan Nguyen::When there's Lin, there's almost always a win! All they do is Lin Lin, Lin!! Go Rockets!
Carl D Hill::I see that Dirk is gobbling up the boards again, BEAST....
Marquel Jones::He aint nothing to Dwight Howard. Dwight Howard is a beast. Dirk is just a scrub. Imagiine if we traded Dirk for Dwight Howard or  Lebron or Carmello Anthony or Kobe Bryant. Mavs would be invincible. Dirk should just thank Tysoan Chandler and Jose Barrea for winning hin the championship in 2011. Dirk is finished and a liability for Dallas. Mavs4thewin!
Chris Bates::Marquel Jones Run along troll..You aren't a Mavs fan.  Just an ignorant troll who knows nothing about basketball. Quite sad.
Quintus Greene::Ok, it's time to pull Brooks. He's doing absolutely no defending on the perimeter, and just pestering bigs with no success.
Jeff Craighead::Man its always good to see the mavs beat the rockets.  Dirk is a beast .  Dirk should be back in the all star game this year but probably wont
Marquel Jones::The ol' nazi doesnt deserve it. Dirk is no King Lebron or Carmello Anthony or Dwight Howard. Those are loyal and hella good ballas 4real. I'm a Mavs fan to the end. but Dwight is ballin and will help Dallas more than Dirk who is actually hindering our chances for success like he's done messing up Dllas his whole career.
Chris Bates::Marquel Jones Ya Dirk only brought a championship to Dallas and is an 11 time all star, a Finals MVP and a regular season MVP.  Go troll somewhere else kid, you know nothing about basketball and are the dumbest person I have ever seen or talked too. SMH....What a dumba$$.
Craig Keller::Marquel Jones  - why didn't you include K Love? wrong hue? I think I know where you are coming from!
Calvarius Harper::Finally the mavs decide to play more aggressive I hope they carry that over to the spurs game
Marquel Jones::When you got someone as soft as Dirk Nowinski on your team, it figures young blood. The whiteboy just can't ball. Never could and never will. Let's trade Dirk for Lebron or Carmello Anthony.
Chris Bates::Marquel Jones Quit being racist and ignorant you bigot.
Craig Keller::Marquel Jones -that would be good trade if it was 2 for 1 Dirk!
Jeremy Gingrich::Wow it looks like the refs bail out the mavs anytime they miss
Zach Heaton::The Rockets had 6 more free throws than the Mavs. But, please, keep on crying.
Tanner Hykel::Lmao I think its funny because all summer long all Rocket fans did was run there mouths about how bad they were going to beat Dallas this year. Not looking soo good now is it? Dirk still got it and he will for at least 2-3 more years
Zach Heaton::Tanner Hykel The Rockets are the most overrated team in the league.
Shawn Bento::"Yeah that was a pass bro"  - Lin
James Baron::Dwight Howard can't do it all
Elijah Rochford::CP 21, Lin 20 and AB 18 he was not alone
Matt Beggs::he can if they get him the ball, it seems they didn't get him the ball in the 4th quarter
Elijah Rochford::Matt Beggs lol because he cant hit FTs even tho he was pretty good at the line tonight
Young Azz Chris::Dirk is the man Dwight is a baby
Marquel Jones::Dirk is playing worse than Kobe Bryant lol. He is washed up. Dirk needs to go to the Nets to join the 2000 all star cast of losers. I'm a Mavs fan though. Just we need to trade Dirk for Lebron, Dwight or Carmello Anthony if we want a loyal and consistent shooter. Mavs 4ever
Young Azz Chris::Marquel Jones    Dirk for Lebron your dreaming bro wnt happen. and lets not talk about melo hes never won any thing.
Marquel Jones::Young Azz Chris ... ur wrong young buck. Melo was last year's scoring champ. what has Dirk won? And don't say 2011 finals either. That was Chandler and Jose Barrea.
Quintus Greene::To be honest, it just looked like bad coaching. None of the Rockets' players really had horrible games. I will say this, though. It looked to me like Jeremy Lin decided to turn on his game at different points. I don't know why he doesn't do that like ... always. I think it's because he needs the ball at full court to do that, but they have this half court game that they keep trying to play. It gets tired after a while.
Steven Anacker::I'll be curious to see how much time Isaiah Canaan gets tonight. The Houston Chronicle said they're calling him up; not sure if it's in time for this game.
Jason Vu::would've been nice if asik was healthy...rockets would've played the twin towers since terence jones was no match for dirk.
Marquel Jones::Dwight Howard is too much for Dirk. Dwight is a champion baby! Dirk rode Jose Barea's jock to get a ring!
David Ferguson::@marquel I hope you know that NO ONE agrees with you
Craig Keller::David Ferguson - I agree with him and think Obama is best president! I also went to Central High and must be high to say what I just said, Me and Marquel were valedictorians, I had the brains and he had the attitude!
Leland Wong::With two ball hogs in JH and JL out of the game, the Rox will play well. Too bad PB is out for four weeks, this will hurt the Rox. This foot thing may keep JH out for four weeks to heal. But DW!12 will do well , now that he have no one to keep the ball away from him.
Elijah Rochford::You can blame the turnovers, you can blame the defense but I blame the coaching...that was a bad second half
Elijah Rochford::Lin is turning the ball over at a high rate but he is capable of turning that around in the second half
Matt Beggs::Lin only turns it over 2.8 a game, less than some superstars , i think people focus on his turnovers way too much
Pablo Juarez::He may only turn it over 2.8 a game but his Assist/TO ratio isn't very good for a point guard.
Elijah Rochford::Pablo Juarez you do know his usage rate is low for a point guard too
Leland Wong::With PB out, Aaron Brooks will be starting along with F. Garcia. JH 's foot is still very sore. JL achy back will sidelined him again, what a wimp. The offense must go thru Howard not anyone else. The Rox will be able to compete. The Mavs are good.
Bill Geary::31 points says it all that he still has it  Great game Dirk!
Marquel Jones::it was a fluke. dirk is no dwight howard. thats for sure. dirk is soft than even bosh and gasol combined. Dirk needs to be traded if we Mavs fans have any hope whatsoever my nigga
Chris Bates::Marquel Jones lo it wasn't a fluke you troll.  Dirk is top 10 in the NBA in scoring.  Go home kid. Mavs are better than Rockets. You aren't a true Mavs fan if you want Dirk traded, you're just an idiot and a bigot.
Jason Vu::Chris Bates Dirk is the real deal, but get real...the Mavs played a depleted Rockets team without Beverly, Asik, and Harden.
Leland Wong::If Asik was healthy ,he would help DW12 a lot.
Leland Wong::JL along with Asik may go to the LA Lakers soon.
Vlad Ghita::shut up, nobody wants your personal opinion.
Elijah Rochford::Vlad Ghita there are rumors of Lin and Asik being traded to LA, Chicago or the Bucks
Quintus Greene::That would be good for both of them.
Leland Wong::Someone need to stop Nowitzki and Ellis.
Jeremy Gingrich::Oh really? Thanks we didn't know that! Try not stating the obvious buddy
Leland Wong::Jeremy Gingrich I am the master of the obvious, The question is, who in the Rox can stop them?
Jeremy Gingrich::Leland Wong You are a master of liking your own comment to make yourself feel better that's for sure. They don't need to be stopped, just contained
Polanco Fam::Mavs
