spellechia::Why doesn't Dunleavy or Mbah a Moute start instead of Delfino?
geddymd75::This game would have been worse if the Bucks weren't so bad from the line.
geddymd75::Ellis has made a difference with this Bucks team. We never decisively won on the road this season. Now we have been looking at major dominant performances in Golden State, Portland and Charlotte.
nahhb::nba draft, all nba players are eligible where would u guys put jennings? this site had him 27th, seemed too low http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/
GsDubb12::I wouldn't put him ahead of Monta  Ellis. I think Ellis is a much better player than Jennings
juliangasakins::96 comments??? wow...
triplerk27::hawks/nets game is worse!
lester4586::monta ellis does not fit this system he needs the ball sometimes they needing scoring get one and gooden jenniongs delfino takes more shots so whats was the purpose of the trade
zachrlee::Scott Skiles should be a candidate for coach of the year. This over-achieving team is clearly in playoff form right now. They always have seven guys who'll put in double-digit contributions every night. Very consistent. The Bucks are definitely in the thick of the playoff hunt.
inefekt::Ellis is averaging 14.5ppg at 37% with 5.5apg since joining the Bucks. Yeah, what a steal LOL
GetHype21::Monta is fine and this was a steal, he is playing very unselfish... The Bucks have a lot of great young talent in Jennings, Ilyasova, Ellis, Bah Moute, Leuer, Udoh, Harris etc... The last thing they need is some selfish player taking over.
cbcash4678::Have you ever heard of this thing called a passing lane?  Well, it tends to open up when you have players who can score.
bmorenevermore::Considering I was expecting Ellis to average about 1 assist and 30 shots a game from what Warriors fans tried to tell me, I'll take it.
lester4586::your an idiot dont know anything abot basketball  or maybe your a stats guy either way equals idiot
Oaktown1029::Monta will be all-right - he's about to go-off for a few games.
tplushh4lifee::key stat is 5.5 assist. im happy with that. this team is playing team basketball not selfish
mrkennedy23::Yeah because Bogut is averaging...oh wait...
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Remember when the Knicks were relevant?    I don't. Go Bucks!
wade.all.day::Lmfao at this game only having 60 comments
Tyler45818::People tend to goj out and get drjunk on weekends in Wisconsin. Not sit at home on ESPN.
CTthunder860::why is DJ Augistin the starter or in the NBA in general LET KEMBA TAKE IT OVER STOP WASTING TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
zachrlee::Who's the Bobcats coach again? Paul Silas. That says it all.
bill 40::This was a good win for Bucks after deflating loss to a good team last night.....I was worried their confidence would be destroyed............their confidence has to be quite fragile considering the years of losing..........LOL
JR420EIGHTBALL::ummm its the bobcats. No offense but its the bobcats. Lets wait for the pacers game in indy, thats a freakin test
Goon5832::yes kincks lose bucks win half gm out now need to win tonmmorrow
JR420EIGHTBALL::screw the knicks im greedy i want the 5th spot LMAO
6 Flavors of Wonton Soup::Man charlotte just forfeit the rest of the season.
ndbaseball271::did augustin get hurt?
Talentsojhin::nah the rotations suck this badly.
Jasonwengh::both these teams need to learn to defend the paint. The inside defence is TERRIBLE ,its like throw the ball in the paint for a free basket
TehGame::American english spells defense, but he is technically right it is a word, and is used in english speaking languages, just like Centre is used in other places instead of center.
Jasonwengh::HAHAHA.not. I know you're trying to be funny but sorry i'm not laughing
buckspackers23::I'm not trying to be funny, I'm being legit. I just googled it to make sure I was right, and of course, I am.
Jasonwengh::No, you can spell it defence. Nice try ,but you just made yourself look dumb
buckspackers23::No, 'defence' isn't in the dictionary, its not a word.
Jasonwengh::which word did I spell incorrectly?
buckspackers23::Defense. Its not defence
buckspackers23::Your spelling is terrible... don't get all DEFENSIVE from me saying that, though
Br3tt11::This board is trash. Trust me, I know trash, I'm watching the Bobcats!
Go Pack.Go::bucks will make the playoff and win the finals
buckspackers23::Knicks getting raped so far.
Tim_Thompson213959::New York Knicks vs. Toronto Raptors   found a site to help with your picking:   http://bit.ly/GTRQl9
NySports8230::www.FadeTheBookie. co m….Sports Handicapping Website…I Own This Service…My Record is 251-106-6 In The Past 5 Months…I Have over 250 Members And Over 9 Access Plans To Choose From…I Was The Manager At Procappers Before I Went Solo And Opened My Own Service…Registration Is Free…Just Pick A Package That Best Suits Your Needs…All Of The Plans Are Discounted 15% For The Month Of March…I Am Currently Running A 2/1 Month Special...<b>Purchase 1st Month And Get The 2nd Month Free!~~~Valid Until March 25th  </b>
carson2164::from a nets fan: LeTS go bucks
WeAreMarquette123::aha you want a high draft pick too I see
JR420EIGHTBALL::I can't believe the bucks lost to this team earlier in the year. Don't worry bobcat fans things will get better in time, trust me i knw im a bucks fan lol
Talentsojhin::Really the teams first crappy year after the expansion draft. most of us understand what the front office is doing and don't mind loosing.
Bryce_Thompson209563::draft a new team every day in daily fantasy   Great NBA tournaments every day: http://bit.ly/GTZR8g
buckspackers23::Damn, Monta was in his face too.
JustDza::Ersanity is real.
JustDza::Jennings is really playing like a mongaloid out there recently. Ellis and Jenn cannot coexist
cbcash4678::30+ assists...again.  Can't pass!!??!!!  Wtf you fools watching....  You want another Keyon Dooling, CDR back court?
Gambling and Rambling::Thats what happens when you have 2 point guards wanting to be shooting guards on the same team
EbbNFlow88::the problem with both jennings-ellis and ellis-curry is that both pairs are guys who shoot.  Jennings plays like an undersized SG and as much as curry tries to be a pg, it's obvious that curry was born to shoot jumpers.  Neither can coexist easily with a guy who's suppose to be shooting the ball a whole lot.
JustDza::League is full of chuckers these days
jzalvarado::thats exactly the same story the Warriors fans were saying about Ellis and Steph Curry
jzalvarado::The worst part for most Warriors fans is that Ellis and Udoh were the only somewhat watchable players this Season.  Ellis for his aerial offense and Udoh for his Blocking/Defense.
buckspackers23::Why are we so bad at free throws all of a sudden?
14lbenson::GOOO BUCKS!!
jzalvarado::Gd D.@mn!  I buy NBA League Pass to watch Monta Ellis (Warriors Fan) and all i've seen is 3 f.ucken timeouts taken by Paul Silas and a bunch of scrubs all this 2nd quarter
jzalvarado::thanks!
buckspackers23::You can say God and damn on here.
Soul Sector JF::Drew Gooden is on my fantasy team, and he has 0 points.  SWEET!
buckspackers23::2 points* :)
NardVa::Bucks be blowing teams out on the road.
NardVa::Just like that GAME OVER
buckspackers23::Here comes our bench to save our starters from a bad start, again.
kingkongpheng777::only three players scored on the bucks and they still winning -.-
stormchaser2014::OMFG!! THEY CALLED A TRAVEL!!!! YAY!!
bissey88::gooden is so sharty lately
kingkongpheng777::easy win for bucks
buckspackers23::Drew gooden has to be the worst defensive center in the NBA.
Talentsojhin::I love those Carolina Cougars uni's
Sports Insider84::www.FadeTheBookie. c om….Sports Handicapping Website…I Own This Service…My Record is 251-106-6 In The Past 5 Months…I Have over 300 Members And Over 9 Access Plans To Choose From…I Was The Manager At Procappers Before I Went Solo And Opened My Own Service…Registration Is Free…Just Pick A Package That Best Suits Your Needs…All Of The Plans Are Discounted 15% For The Month Of March…I Am Currently Running A 2/1 Month Special...<b>Purchase 1st Month And Get The 2nd Month Free!~~~Valid Until March 25th                                                                                                                                 </b>
cbcash4678::Anyone know why Ellis was playing point guard after half time last game....is this more of Skiles creative genius at work?
lebron_failed::because Jennings was getting burned by Rondo, not that Ellis was much better I think just trying to make a change because Jennings wasn't cutting it.
dabeast54321::here is how the east will look at the end of the season  1.Heat 2.Bulls 3.Magic 4.76ers 5.Hawks 6.Pacers 7.Bucks 8.Celtics 9.Knicks 10.Cavs 11.Pistons 12. Nets 13.Raptors 14. Wizards 15.Bobcats
buckspackers23::Looking at the schedules, I would say the same. Except I think the Pacers will finish ahead of the Hawks.
StompOnFailtics::And than a team from the WEST wins the Finals.  Never fails.
dwadetolebronfadeaway::I started betting on sports last year and tried a few pros for picks and never had any real luck. I stumbled upon a sports betting system called Sportsbettingstar a few months ago. I found the system on the front page of google by searching "sports betting system"  I am making the income of a part time job now just following this system. Thought I would share this if anyone out there is trying to find a betting system that actually works
StompOnFailtics::You're gay.
NySinatra20::www.FadeTheBookie. c om….Sports Handicapping Website…I Own This Service…My Record is 251-106-6 In The Past 5 Months…I Have over 300 Members And Over 9 Access Plans To Choose From…I Was The Manager At Procappers Before I Went Solo And Opened My Own Service…Registration Is Free…Just Pick A Package That Best Suits Your Needs…All Of The Plans Are Discounted 15% For The Month Of March…I Am Currently Running A 2/1 Month Special...<b>Purchase 1st Month And Get The 2nd Month Free!~~~Valid Until March 25th                                                                                                                                 </b>
Trevor-The-Great::I love the way the Bucks have been playing lately, but I get this sinking feeling that combined with the loss to the Celtics last night that they will lay an egg in this game and go on some really dumb losing streak...
Gt_jackets89::I don't think they lay an egg here, look back to 09-10 (very similar season in my opinion). The bucks had a similar 6 game winning streak, which i think was also snapped by the celts, and after that loss went on another 6 game winning streak.
buckspackers23::Snapped by the Hawks. Joe Johnson hit a game winning three in OT
Gt_jackets89::Ok lets hope the bucks don't blow this game...
NySinatra20::www.FadeTheBookie. c om….Sports Handicapping Website…I Own This Service…My Record is 251-106-6 In The Past 5 Months…I Have over 300 Members And Over 9 Access Plans To Choose From…I Was The Manager At Procappers Before I Went Solo And Opened My Own Service…Registration Is Free…Just Pick A Package That Best Suits Your Needs…All Of The Plans Are Discounted 15% For The Month Of March…I Am Currently Running A 2/1 Month Special...<b>Purchase 1st Month And Get The 2nd Month Free!~~~Valid Until March 25th                                                                                                                                 </b>
dwadetolebronfadeaway::www.fadethebookie.com
