rEdBuLxTaSy::SURPRISE, SURPRISE...BOY, AM I SHOCKED TO SEE THE KNICKS LOST WITH meLO'S 45 PTS LOL!!! :):):)
thyshakes::Just so funny that all elite ball clubs with money trying to buy a championship instead of building one.  Sure, just pay top dollars for superstars and we'll get a championship.  Keep in mind, it wasn't Miami's management that decided to get LeBron and Bosh, it was LeBron,Bosh, and Wade that made it happen in Miami.  Then you get all these elite ball clubs with money looking for a easier way out instead of doing their jobs.  Hell, if all you need to do is buy super-stars, why do you need management?
wrands::LOL ESPN, all about Melo and Amare.... hey guys what about the Blazers beating the Knicks?  C'mon show some love for the small market teams.
thyshakes::Let's lay off the Knicks for a while or pretty soon we'll run out of Knicks fans to bash on.
Ontario925::There will be no more forgiveness or grace period in NY as was with the crap management under James Dolan with Isiah Thomas and Stephon Marbury years. The same applies to the other team in NY he owns the Rangers. Their team fans in NY and around the World got finally completely fed up 2 years ago with the crap from team owner James Dolan for over 10 years. Even David Stern got fed up by early 2010 with him.
Jamaal 43::The guards needs to step up.
incognito302::I said this would happen over a month ago... But wait it get worst...stay tuned..lol  P.S.  I told yall what would happen if Felton went down too....I know Basketball
Ontario925::Nostradomus
tgreen21::Good ol ESPN, Knicks lose but all they talk about is Knicks, Knicks, Knicks, oh and the Blazers played. Stupid asinine East Coast Bias!!
Ontario925::That is actually good because for almost 10 years after the departure of Patrick Ewing in 2000 the NY media and all other Sports media was silent on the Knicks until 2009. Now for 3 years their team owner James Dolan needs to step up with his so called 5 year plan.
tgreen21::You're not too smart are you?? The Knicks LOST!!! All the coverage is on them even though they LOST!!!
tjbey2000::Nick Batum is a great all around player, he should get more pub
dayda77::Knicks hot start has been fool's gold and the fans that bought into this are getting the inevitable reality check.  This team will never sniff a ring under James Dolan.  Sure they started out on fire-- with Melo playing defense for the first time in his life-- but this is  the oldest team in league history, they are already breaking down and will continue to break down, they rely too heavily on 3's.  Many Knicks fans have been saying: Wait for Amar'e, wait for Shump, and now wait for Felton, etc.-- but the team will have no chemistry, and the defensive intensity will continue to diminish.  Jeremy Lin came into the Garden and had 16 points and 6 assists at the half.  Felton couldn't guard him, and the Knicks starting point guard had his only assist of the game with 30 seconds left.  Knicks are a mess thanks to an incompetent owner.  If Sixers get Bynum back, and if Bulls get Rose back-- they are better than the Knicks.  The Pacers and Bucks, Hawks, Heat, Celtics, even the Nets (if they can fix things) have a better shot at a title in next couple of years than the Knicks.  Dolan traded everything to get Melo when Melo and his wife were Manhattan or bust.  Dolan wanted to triple ticket prices and didn't want to wait.  Dolan gave up fan favorite Lin because he was outsmarted by Lin's agents-- a classic cutting off your nose to spite your face.  And any fan who says "it was too much to pay Lin" is ignorant-- that  money was not going to factor in salary cap-- mostly just money out of a billionaire's pocket.  Rockets and Lin beat Knicks by 28 in Houston, and crushed them at the Garden, up by 27 in 4th quarter.  Bulls without Rose were leading Knicks at Garden by 22 points after 3.  Blazers were just up 15 points in 4th at the Garden.  Knicks just lost to Sacramento, and barely beat the Suns.  Get used to the reality Knicks fans-- you all got excited by the hot start-- but again, you bought fool's gold.  Best case scenario: 42-40-- and swept in the first round (where defense and team chemistry takes center stage.)
the oxsinn::I find the knicks very intresting.I think they are in a good place.However,I think they are makeing a turn for the worst.I said this on Xmas day and people said i was crazy.The 3 point shot can make you are break you.The knicks have lived off that shot.Isolations can also braek are make you.The knicks run heavy low post/high $@% Iso for melo.I wonder if they can maintain that shooting and stay in the rythm of the game.I think they will make it to the second round but they will not go any further 7 games seris aginst boston.
C2Poke88::Hello Knicks!  I'm Reality.  Nice to finally meet you face to face.
Mets-Jets-Knicks19::I'm getting this coming back to earth feeling with the Knicks with the 3's drying up and the defense getting soft.
Cool Sun 13::What do y'all think of this trade?  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=atunbry
tungcn2010::.
tungcn2010::U gotta be joking. Bledsoe is going to be an all-star soon. All the Knicks players in this trade need to retire! Even the young ones.
Jamaal 43::He's nice. . . but I'm not sure? Who's an unsigned free agents?
Jamaal 43::The Knicks need guards and quick as well. The Knicks need to get quicker and faster.
Cool Sun 13::Well they do get Bledsoe and Hamilton in this deal.
Jamaal 43::The second Q was the Knicks trying to get back in the game score wise; Amare slows everything down and he can't pass and play D. lol You saw Mike Woody talking to him about where he's suppose to be on defense and he had no clue. . . as usual.
Jamaal 43::Look at the play-by-play chart. The only quarter that the Knicks lost was the first; when Amare entered the game. Outside of that. the Knicks won every other quarter. Facts Plus, Melo is the MVP so far; injuries aside.
dayda77::Jamaal still drinking the Kool Aid and buying the Fool's Gold!   Friends of mine were saying "Knicks are going all the way!" and I kept saying "this team will be lucky to make the playoffs, and if they do, probably swept in 1st round".  Soon Jamaal will be happy to say "hey, the Knicks took one of four quarters!"
dayda77::ummm, Jamal?  what are you talking about???  You say the Knicks won every quarter except the 2nd. Dude-- the Blazers outscored the Knicks 30-23 in the first, and 28-24 in the 2nd.  You say "facts"? LMAO!  How do you make a post like that and mess up the very facts you are espousing? Epic fail comment!
tgreen21::Jamaal, you're an idiot. Learn to read the box score before spouting off how the Knicks won 3 of 4 quarters!!
Jamaal 43::Read the next comment #smh
tungcn2010::As good an iso player as Melo is, you ever wonder why he never won anything?
BK 1st Shift Manager::No, he is not.  LeBron is the MVP until further notice.  Melo isn't even top 3 for MVP race right now.
Jamaal 43::Please, Melo is the only super star on his team ballin' better than Lebron. The Heat is lucky his still hurt or the Knicks would have an easy lead in the east.
BK 1st Shift Manager::As a lifelong and die hard Bulls fan, I can even admit to D-Rose winning over LeBron two years ago was a farce.  If LeBron didn't do his little "Decision" he would've won.
BK 1st Shift Manager::Just b/c Melo is having a career year does not mean he's the MVP.
fred3857::If Melo and other balck teammates didn't try to kill Linsanity fever,Knicks might have the chance to win the championship. Pls just watch the games Melo and JR played terrible at that period. And if J-Lin now still in here,Knicks might prevail every game.
thyshakes::Iso Melo doesn't make his team better.  Period.
tungcn2010::Melo-ball never wins anything. Fact. Just look at the history.
tungcn2010::When Melo-ball is played, it takes away from everyone of his teammates on the floor. No matter how hot his shooting is for the game, the other 4 players are going to be cold.
BK 1st Shift Manager::You're right about that as well but I don't see how anyone with actual knowledge about the NBA could seriously try to argue Melo being the MVP over LeBron.  It's not even close.  And for the record, I'm what people call a "LeBron hater" b/c I can't stand his front-running/super team forming ways.
tungcn2010::Knicks starting to look like the Melo-led Nuggets..
tungcn2010::Knicks starting to look like the Knicks.
sealtrader::nothing new for Knicks as usual ...
Jmarlitt::Lillard'd
RO7NY::Its called the ups and downs of a season people.  Why is it that every other team can experience this but not the Knicks? They started hot... yes... but people forget that Melo has missed a handful of games, and they have been without Rasheed Wallace for like 6-9 games or so now and counting... and they were missing Amare and Shumpert... Kidd missed a few games as well.  Now they are without Felton... he scores like 15ppg for them and plays solid defense.  Without him the Knicks have to play Kidd more mintues than they want.   Did people just fall asleep the last month or so?
thyshakes::I say they had been consistently down for over a decade not making pass the 1st round of playoff.
patrickfinn70::Melo scores 45 and the Knicks lose.  Awesome.
fred3857::If Lin's here,PG and Novak will not scoreless at least and everybody played happily except melo and surely will get the win.
CaptainObvious20122012::I think its time to tinker with the lineup. Ronnie Brewer cannot be a starter.
The Zink::When their starters have 2x as many assists as your starters, you're gonna lose, usually.
ESPN.com is my life::at least i got my touches.  -- melo
Jamaal 43::The Trade Dead Line: Get rid of Novak, Ronnie Brewer, Kurt Thomas and get younger and faster. I mean, I like having a few vets on a team but Mike Woodson went overboard with so many old players. Amare is sorry and looks like the same old Amare to me; no D and no O just playing sloppy and slow.
xMindinflictionNyCx::I would even start james white instead of brewer. He is becoming a liability on the offensive end. The knicks are getting beat on defense now but even the offense in the first few minutes isnt there. As a result, they are getting off to a slow start which results in melo bailing them out and it turning into "iso melo" time....replace brewer for a person who can atleast keep the defense honest and isnt afraid to shoot
fred3857::If Lin's here,PG and Novak will not scoreless at least and everybody played happily except melo and surely will get the win.
JLinNASA::Right. Like Lin is supposed to come back from surgery and help the Knicks in the playoff against Miami.  He will hurt the team more than he will help the team.  But ppl like bashing him for not trying.  Baron Davis tried.  Where is he now?
RO7NY::Are you being sarcastic? Because that was his first game back after a very long time.  what did you expect? For him to know all the sets on the court? I'm sure he may know them, but playing and utilizing them in a game is totally different if you've ever played sports at a high level you'd know that.  Coming off an injury like his will take week of court time for him to get back to 100% or close to it.
Jamaal 43::The Knicks have too many players that gives them absolutely nothing at both ends: Novak, Old Man Kurt, Ronnie Brewer. What's Woodson's love affair with Kurt Thomas? Start Cope over that bum.
bmort7::45 points and 4 assists, sounds about right.  Of course they didn't win when one player thinks he's the entire team.
fred3857::If Lin's here,PG and Novak will not scoreless at least and everybody played happily except melo and surely will get the win.
CaptainObvious20122012::You don't understand basketball. Kidd 0-4, Novak 0-5, Copeland 1-5. Who else is going to score? JR, Melo and Chandler had all the points. Amare was rusty and no one else can score.
sealtrader::love to watch bunch of senior version of NBA players crawling up and down on the court of MSG  !!! :)
sportspotpourri::Barring injury, the ROY conversation is over. Lillard should be on tv more often.
Mizzle85::Yeah. I love my boy MKG to death, but there is no competition here.
psfrag262410::It's amazing how the Blazers always seem to have a few good players even with their terrible management. Aldridge/Batum/Lillard is good young core.
Tonytouch24kt::However outside that core and specialized role players (Babbit, Ronnie Price) the bench players are terrible.
Mizzle85::Keep it up Blazers! We could use an extra draft pick this year.  -Bobcats
sportspotpourri::Bobcats have a distinct Uconn flavor right now, which is not a bad thing. Calhoun normally puts really good players into the NBA.
Mizzle85::I hope so!
Tonytouch24kt::You guys have Rich Cho I believe right?
Mizzle85::Lol. Yeah. That was crazy. He and Allen must've clashed behind the scenes or something.
Tonytouch24kt::Someone else who didn't stick around long in PDX. I never understand why we would give someone a year at a GM spot then say "you know what, we need more" Um excuse me, but less than a year?? C'mon man!
Mizzle85::Yes sir. Best GM we've ever had. Though it's not saying much, he at least makes moves that make sense.
Tonytouch24kt::They could use an extra every year.
Tonytouch24kt::Have we ever! And while I love my Zers I have to admit that I wasn't in love with him coming out of college too but boy was I wrong.
Mizzle85::Yeah. Looks like you've got a player that may can evolve into one of the greatest PGs ever though, judging by his rookie season of course. Whoever is making the picks in Portland now struck gold with DL.
Tonytouch24kt::I really wanted Crash to work out too, I love his work ethic and hustle, but he didn't stick around for some reason.
Mizzle85::Portland should also be thankful to us though. They basically swapped Lillard for Wallace.
Mizzle85::No kiddin. I'm glad we finally got a GM making the right picks though. He's a Portland castoff as well. We have a lot to be thankful to Portland about.
Tonytouch24kt::Big win for the Blazers and now another half game into the playoffs, GO ZERS!
Bus Driver Uppercut::Melo passing the ball is about as rare as Halley's Comet
RO7NY::Watch the games my friend because with this comment you clearly do not.
Yukonjake122::" if the season ended today, melo is the MVP"  -WFAN
BanGunsInAmerica::trade Amare for Love
Mizzle85::I'm assuming Melo is in the deal as well.
msmith1702::bangunsinamerica...what a $@%!$@..
WhitestWhiteBoi::yeh..minnestoa is more than willing to let go of their franchise player for a soft overpaid injury prone player
TiagoLebron::WhitestWhiteBoi 21-10 Sounds good, but team started 6-0, and are losing even if Melo are playing like MVP(not like Lebron but at the Level of) Knicks lost to Kings and Blazers....... and I remember Knicks fans 'oh gosh Miami lost do Wizards and Bobcats'  21-08 and playing bad&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;21-10
WhitestWhiteBoi::i didnt really understand wtf you typed...knicks lost to kings and blazers..your point? kings are trash but blazers arent..lets not forget LA the all star and rookie pg who is tearing up the league..these arent blowouts..these are the knicks STILL figuring themselves out..the talent is there but so have injuries..woodson will have to make some coaching adjustments but this team is still one of the best in the east
Yukonjake122::WTF are you talking about??
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Amare will never buy in defensively, but at the same time, they will need his low post presence. Wallace will not carry them in the playoffs. I'm most surprised with JR Smith.He's still playing well. Him and Amare to Atlanta for Josh Smith and a salary dump.
WhitestWhiteBoi::soon as you said trade jr smith your post lost credibility
BanGunsInAmerica::what do u mean?
Ebony. . .Tatas::The Knicks suck.  I've been saying this all season, but my dellusional co-workers refuse to take their heads out of the sand.  This is a slightly above-.500 team with a 1st round exit in the playoffs..............at best.
BanGunsInAmerica::wrong
Dengue-Fever::This is going to be a very interesting month for the Knicks..all in conference games..every single one..except for the Spurs
WhitestWhiteBoi::21-10...two recent losses where they fought back from double digits...and the knicks are on a free fall? i am SOOO tired of the analysis of the knicks being on a game by game basis...its not even all star break yet and the knicks were dubbed the best team/the worst team/futurenba champions/same old knicks..the presence of felton wouldve def helped last night..jkidd and rigatoni cant guard lillard...im all for giving copeland novaks minuets..idk how an nba player cannot create space or have an off the dribble shot..and his defense is terrible.
WhitestWhiteBoi::so 8 games show their tru colors but the other 23 dont? lmfao
Bamm7272::3-5 their last 8. Showing their true colors.
shufelt::Welcome back, Amare.
ebconway::btl79 is right. Just look at how the Laker's did without Nash.
Syrindge::When you shoot a ton of 3's and everyone on the team is shooting way above thier career average you are setting yourself up for a big crash. Knicks are just beginning thier freefall to where they belong.
jhwashburn::The Knicks suck.
RO7NY::and you blow.
Mets-Jets-Knicks19::very thoughtful insight...thanks for sharing
btl79::The Knicks are finding out just how important Ray Felton is to their team.  Hopefully he can get back healthy soon and help propel the Knicks to the top of the East.
RipCityRudy::Felton is trash as you are finding out. Ifg that's where you are pinning your hopes than you really have none.
RO7NY::The Felton from last season is not the Felton of this season.  he didn't want to play for the blazers... right or wrong, he didn't.  He's been motivated to play for NY again, ever since leaving the first time.  He has already shown that he is much better than he was in Portland... Trailblazer fans are just haters... be glad you have such a good replacement.
uoducksforlife::If Felton is that important to the Knicks that just proves they're not contenders
Tonytouch24kt::Lol as Blazers fans found out last season, Ray Felton is not to be counted on.
YanKs_KnicKs_JeTs::I'm concerned with the Knick's recent lack of defense  They're starting to look like the Lakers on defense.... so much more different than they were playing earlier this yr
fred3857::At the very beginning,Knicks play woodson's hard defense,but it turns to fall onto the earth that proved old players can't afford continuous task work and got injury one by one.
willie919::The real problem here was not Amare. Yes he was terrible. However, did anyone play any defense last night? Guys (Blazers) were strolling down the lane or standing with wide open looks from three point land all night long. I wondered if several players were even at the game. Jason Kidd must have been out partying the night before. His stat line was awful and he was sluggish the entire game.
willie919::Your comments are laughable. Since it was painfully obvious you didn't bother to read my post.
RO7NY::Yes he was terrible? Dude hasn't played in months... what did you expect? The only thing you said that made even a bit of sense was what you said about Kidd.
Terrible Suggs::Melo threw down foty-five
BlazersWar::even though Lillard deserves one before Melo
BlazersWar::there's already a highlight reel up on youtube http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYCX0TNhlm4
jeff050578::Vote David Lee for All Star
BlazersWar::even though he has a monster season and actually deserves to be there because he earned it, I think there won't be a spot left for him. I personally hope LMA (Aldridge) gets another selection for all star.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::I'm actually not too worried about what I saw from Amare yesterday.  On the positive side, the shots he missed were all shots that on an avg night (meaning not a nerve-wrecking, pressure-filled return game), any player in the league would hit.  Once he gets comfortable, thats an easy 15ppg.  What I am slightly concerned about is that he didn't look prepared defensively.  I don't know if he was just tired, or just over thinking it, but come playoff time, that won't cut it.  At the same time, for this team to win, all he really has to do is come off the bench and outplay what Sheed has done so far this season...Not that hard
RO7NY::You probably wouldn't look great defensively either if you hadn't played in months and just came back from a Knee injury.  He also may have know the defensive sets, but he last played under Mike D's system not Woodsons on a consistent basis.  Id give him a few weeks then start talking.
BlazersWar::if he is willing to come off the bench and eventually gets comfortable with this role, I think he will be a great impact player comparable to former Dallas' player JET Terry or OKC's Harden the last couple of seasons.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::yep.  I'm a fan of his so its unfortunate to think of him as a non-dominant player now.  But honestly, I think at this point in his career, he needs to be what Odom was to the Lakers when they won.
