bp427::Pop is a great Coach, but in addition to the fine they should have to  forfeit their next 2 games. Fans pay to see top players. Regardless of the score of the Heat-Spurs game, the fans came to see their big 3 go against the Spurs big 3 and since the fans are what matter they should have played period. Pop ur an a$$.
rynospurs21::Says the Gizz fan that just lost.
74WakeForest::Vipbox.tv
SashaNein::Tony Allen being out is what got the Spurs the win. He's our glue-guy, like Shane Battier used to be. He doesn't score a lot of points, but he keeps a lot of points off the board.  Tough loss for the Grizz, but they showed that if you're going to beat them on your own home turf, It's going to take everything you've got.
jason_bautista::maybe Pops should've declared their big 3 having groin problems so he's not fined last game.
whoseyourdaddy60::so all the others times he sat them, was to send a message to the league? you really cant be that dumb, man.
doof54::He had 15 or 20 options on how to handle it.  He didn't want to handle it. He wanted to send a message to the league.  Message received, Pops.  Did you get the reply?
jason_bautista::Manu with 6 TOs... He needs rest.
NOVABuffalo::Hated to miss this game ---- can I fine Stern $500K because the league disappointed me and allowed the teams with the two best records in the WC not be on national TV?  Afterall, "It's all about the league product and the fans".  Grizz --- Spurs is going to be a battle this year.
doof54::...and so, you didn't see the game?  and you are posting all this see-rap?  Look at all your know-it-all posts.  you didn't even see the game???????  I will violate one of my own posting rules.  Moe  Ron.
doof54::Heck yeah.  I am a web programmer, content manager, and contract copywriter. Online all day most days.  Everyone I work with is half my age.   Been a Grizzlies fan since they first relocated to Memphis (I lived there then).  Grew up a Celtics fan on the coast of Massachusetts. Saw my first game at the Bahhsten Gahden with my dad in the sixties. Saw Bill Russell play. Robert (Chief) Parrish, one of my all time favorites. Now, Z-Bo and Marc.
WesTexSpur::doof you are 58 years old and you on own these message boards stirring things up and talkin s.hit to other fans??? Stay classy
NOVABuffalo::sorry if your internet feelings were hurt .... funny guy.  I guess my mom's internet connection is working great --- LOL.
doof54::The five four in my screename means born in 1954.  So you have been going to games for 58+years huh? With some childish college mascot screenname / avatar and your mom's internet connection... But no access to see the game. And an expert on that game you didn't see.
NOVABuffalo::you are such a funny guy .... I have likely been to more games over more years than you have been alive.  Do you even know who James Silas or George Gervin are?  I used to have season tickets when they played for the Spurs.  I saw a guy name Bobby Dandage (sp?) step out of bounds and make a winning shot against the Spurs in the playoffs .... talk to me about some regular season ref error ... just funny.
doof54::Then get LeaguePass online only so you stand some slight chance of knowing what you are talking about.
NOVABuffalo::on-line only ... son of Moe .... it's just so easy with you doof
doof54::Are you in Buffalo?  (or are you a buffalo?)  If you are, get NBA LeaguePass.  Got a tablet/iPad/smartPhone?  39.95 per year for tablet/phone only.  I am in FLorida.  Got it via comast here.  Works great here.
NOVABuffalo::NOVA ==== Northern Virginia .... Buffalo for CU
H.J.I.C.::I think it's about that time we say goodbye to Rudy. He's an $@%.hole to fans, thinks he's an all-star, and takes so many nights off it's not even funny. We could do much better without a guy going 7/18 every game while not getting back on Defense. I didn't even watch the game last night but how do you blow a 13 point lead in the 4th? Again, we should get rid of Rudy now and let Marc become a top 20 player in this league because without Rudy, he'll have more shots and in better rhythm at that. If you Memphis fans think Rudy is good for this team you're delusional. Just look back at 2010-2011. With that being said, what should we get for Rudy?
tacostealer26::you compare him to what he was two years ago or even last year.  He's been doing great this year.  It's probably his best season yet.
doof54::...and remember, Rudy missed one of those years.
doof54::I think it is Rudy's best season yet.  Certainly not ready to give up on him. But, I could have killed him when the Spurs were coming back, missed a shot, Rudy grabs the rebound... and then, holding the ball with one hand, hip-pocket high, gets it stripped.  I can't believe Rudy didn't hear me screaming at him... over LeaguePass... from Florida.  But, if you could get Igoudala straight up...
doof54::Andre Igoudala?  You know then you play against Rudy four+ time per year?  I f the Grizz are going to make a move, that is the kind of move I would like to see them make.  Not sure I want to see them make a move.
Hoeesayy::Was at the game last night. Epic atmosphere, amazing game. Hard fought by the Grizz, and I can't wait for the next game against them.
doof54::You guys want an objective, detailed, video-documented review of the officiating late in the game?  Try this one from SBNation:  http://www.sbnation.com/2012/12/2/3717200/nba-scores-2012-spurs-vs-grizzlies
doof54::So, it is okay for Ginobli to get away with stuff, but not okay for Randolph.
NOVABuffalo::whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
tacostealer26::I did see Bonner get pushed but it was so subtle that it wasnt really seen.
TWex2120::Objective? So when Bonner got shoved into Conley by Randolph that just what...doesnt count? That was 3 points right there. Should have been an offensive foul on Randolph. We can talk all day about missed calls but considering Memphis prides itself on "physical" play these types of grind it out let em play games should be expected. Refs didnt blow a 15 pt lead. You cant complain about two calls in the same possesion because if the shot clock violation was called then the Rudy Gay arm hold never happens. Memphis even got the last shot of that game and let Bayless shoot the last shot? Horrible late game execution.
NOVABuffalo::whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
doof54::At 2 minute 17 seconds left in the game, the spurs were called for their second foul of the fourth quarter, meaning during the entire comeback, they did not commit a foul. Bad calls both ways until the fourth, then they call it tight one one end, let em play on the other end during the fourth.  Not the worst of it.  The two completely blow calls sited in the article are the worst of it.  Charles Barkley turrabull.
robdiaz2191::doof54 - When a publication like SBNAtion writes an article to specifically call out the NBA officiating for handing this win to the Spurs, it is not your ordinary, run-of-the-mill bad call or two. Read it.  bro get over it. you're seriously starting to look like a girl. but then again most girls dont cry as much as you.
doof54::When a publication like SBNAtion writes an article to specifically call out the NBA officiating for handing this win to the Spurs, it is not your ordinary, run-of-the-mill bad call or two.  Read it.
tacostealer26::This could have changed the outcome of the game in a crucial part of the game.
robdiaz2191::dude stop crying. it happens. spurs got robbed in game 6 of the wcf. the refs were inconsistent the whole night. its an nba problem.
tacostealer26::yeah i read it.  Im a fan of the Grizz.  I saw both of those calls missed on TV.  In Memphis, they showed a replay of the shot clock violation in slow-mo, and it was clearly obvious that it was a violation.
doof54::Did you read the article?  It is not me saying it.
tacostealer26::most bad calls aren't as obvious as those two were
robdiaz2191::doof54 - All I have done is provided you a link to some information. Go read it.  dude im not saying that there werent any bad calls. of course there was. im just saying that it happens. its an nba problem. nba refs have always blown calls.
doof54::All I have done is provided you a link to some information.  Go read it.  That is, quite seriously, an objective source.  If anything, probably more pro-Spurs site than pro-Grizlies
NOVABuffalo::get over it .... Spurs have had their share of poor calls during critical PLAYOFF GAMES ....
doof54::Are you familiar with SBNation? They have written a boatload of favorable articles about the Spurs. They are not biased. They publish a lot of very good stuff.    Including the referenced article.
NOVABuffalo::sure doof54 ... sure
doof54::Get over what?  That is a fair, objective review by a writer and a site that are not in favor of either team. Go read it.
smokeysaj::Memphis has a gaping hole at the 2 guard position, Hollins is an idiot for never giving Mayo the green-light.
tacostealer26::i hope smokey is aware of that
doof54::uhh.. you are aware that Tony Allen, the Grizz starting point guard, was injured and did not play.  right?
tacostealer26::i hope smokey is aware that Tony strained a groin.
hawginTN::It was a great game! Thought the Grizz pretty much controlled the Spurs. Just got away from them in the end. The west has a lot of good teams this year. Gonna be fun year.
whoseyourdaddy60::lol yea they controlled the heck out of duncan and his 21 first half points. stop.
XBTWes285::Vindicated.
tacostealer26::All in all, that was an exciting game
heatonomics::I just have one word, "Timmay!"
Spurs1234567891011::I agree that there are a lot of annoying Spurs fans here, but there are also a lot of annoying Grizz fans here. The Spurs won without Kawhi and Stephen, two of their best players. Also that "shot clock violation" was a shot clock violation, but the fact that they didn't call it should help you. You guys had an easy fastbreak opportunity and turned it over, so I wouldn't be complaining about that because that's a really dumb thing to complain about.
Grindhouse2413::Ok. On that we can agree. See you 01/11/13
Grindhouse2413::Yes Bayless threw it away. You are right. Your boy Ginobili clearly pulled Rudy's arm down as he tried to catch the pass too. Its all moot now. You won, we lost. We will move on and try to put it away next time. We played you for three solid quarters and f'ed up in the fourth. Thats not going to get us far in the playoffs. We are usually better at finishing games though.
Spurs1234567891011::Yeah it was a good game, but neither team played very well. I would love to see a Spurs Grizz WCF over trash teams like the Lakers and Clippers. Best of luck till next time!
spynnal::So, looking at the outcome of this game, Pop's move in sitting his players led to a game that went down to the last minute vs the Heat, and a win against a more important opponent.  Stern better be prepped to hand out fines to anyone who sits a star and loses big going forward, as it costs $250k to sit folks when you're trying to win.
Mister Mel::One can only hope that ESPN continues to add "Aging" to any article that involves the Spurs' core of players, this season. Talk about your completely superfluous and pointless designation.
robdiaz2191::what are you clown grizzly fans talking about? yes you beat us in the first round a couple years back when manu was injured and splitter wasnt developed yet. the spurs swept the grizz 4-0 in the regular season last year. maybe the spurs are just the better team?
Griss13ears::Ginobli averaged more points in the playoffs that year with his "injury" than he did in the regular season. Guess he should get "injured" more often. Or maybe he wasn't that "injured" at all.
JEMax12::Fans of their own team always want to include injuries without naming the OTHER team's injuries...
TWex2120::I dont. Im fully aware Gay was absent in 2011 and Randolph was hurt in 2011-2012z
mark35345::It's quite obvious the Grizz are a different team with a healthy Z-bo and M Gasol. Hopefully these two guys will sit the last 10 Grizzly games (unlike last year) when both looked hurt against the Clippers...
YeahTerps420::Hopefully the fact that this game went extra minutes will be a reminder to Stern &amp; the owners that Pop made the right choice.
dancedance65::Should be a good Western Conference Finals if this game was any indication. Good game Spurs, but we'll get ya next time. Go Grizzlies!
Damasta959::Danny Green left with tightness in his left hamstring; i guess the spurs are going to get fined again for resting him. As a spurs fan i wanted to see him play the whole game, i am really disappointed and i want my money back.
dejuan812::http://bieber.ly/86f1  lebron and kevin durant makin love
damann88::What a stupid title to this article.  Spin, spin, spin.  I fuckinghate you disney
BurntOrange5021::Great game Memphis. The game was hard fought. I can't wait to play you again.
howdythere.::agreed great game!
Grindhouse2413::Look at that, a classy and respectful Spurs fan. Thanks man. Great game as always when these two teams meet. Both cities have a lot to be proud of the way we are playing. It's going to a crazy year. See you again in Jan
NOVABuffalo::funny guy ... guess you don't recall two years ago and all the "mighty Grizz fans" saying the Spurs were done.  "not so fast my friend"
SPURZWARZ1.0::Lol, you are one to talk! Mr Sh ithouse!
Harrison2cool::It was a good game and both teams came to play hard. I'm a Grizz fan and I don't have no shame when we lose to a great veteran team like the Spurs. The Grizz will bounce back though.
DomZilla52789::The standings say spurs are -.5 games back.  Never saw that before.  What does that mean?
dancedance65::I haven't looked at it, but I think it means that the Grizz have a higher winning percentage but the Spurs are more games over .500
deepakchopra::see? giving the big 3 a rest really paid off. time to appeal Pops
Tulowitzki4Prezident2::This team has a real big 3...coming from a nuggets fan.
epochme::back to back on the road is a scheduled loss.
epochme::good call pop, that midget jewbag money grubber knows nothing about sports or athletes, my mother could run the nba.
Ryanfrankbraungore::Parker is so clutch
truetotheend2.0::yes he is and I am glad he is on my Fantasy team.
Td4mvp3::spurs &gt; your weak @$$ team..fact!
tacostealer26::i never said that quit or that they dont play to win, im just saying, the Grizzlies played on Friday against the Pistons, then immediately had to go to San Antonio playing back to back nights.  And they almost beat the Spurs at their home floor.  But the Spurs were able to make five threes in the fourth quarter after they made 1 out of 14 in the first three quarters.  I was actually surprised they made so little.
tacostealer26::im not sure if you guys would've won if it wasnt for the rest.
truetotheend2.0::negative.  now you're speculating.  Don't try and convince yourself of this.  The Spurs play to win and will never quit. You're confusing the Spurs with some other team.
tacostealer26::This is just out of my curiosity but did any of you spurs fans see the uncalled shot clock violation in overtime?
doof54::Of course.  Everyone saw it. They replayed it on TV several times.  They replayed it on the arena jumbotron, several times.  The officials had to review that missed call several times, to determine who touched it last.  Obvious foul, but sadly not reviewable.  Ginobli gets away with so much of that stuff, the officials would get closer to the correct calls if they just called Ginobli if he is close to anyone.  He is that good at getting away with stuff.
doof54::And it is all clearly documented by a respected source at SBNAtion.  Detailed and video-documented:  http://www.sbnation.com/2012/12/2/3717200/nba-scores-2012-spurs-vs-grizzlies
JJD1224::Not calling the shot-clock violation gave Memphis an opportunity to score in transition-- they just threw a risky pass. It goes both ways.
tacostealer26::that is true, but the shot clock violation would've allowed the Grizz to inbound the ball and set up a play to tie up the game.
tacostealer26::It was a very critical part of the game.
tacostealer26::it was in the last minute of overtime, right before Rudy didn't catch the pass from Jeryd Bayless.
tacostealer26::can you just answer my question if you saw it.
truetotheend2.0::i did not.
tacostealer26::classy is also winning without rubbing it in people's faces.
truetotheend2.0::during the game Grizz fans were very cocky, now not so much.  now it's whining and questions.    I saw 2 good teams battling.  Take the lumps and move on.
tacostealer26::But did you see it?
tacostealer26::im just asking if you saw it. you guys should stay classy
Griss13ears::Thanks for the lesson in "class" dou.ch bag. The spurs are the most boring team in the NBA. I would fine them 250k everyday if i could, just because i hate you.
truetotheend2.0::and what's the reason for asking?  classy is losing with dignity, not asking questions about something that cannot be changed.
truetotheend2.0::quit whining.  The Grizz can't and won't win every game.  They got slapped by big brother last night.
MiamiFLSports::Grizzlies are playing like its the playoffs in early December and lose lol.
doof54::The Spurs tank another game, due to the importance of this game...  ...and you are accusing the Grizzlies of over-emphasizing the importance of this game?  Huh?
tacostealer26::We have some better bench players this year than the past two years, and Rudy Gay and Zach Randolph are both healthy this year, which also helps a lot.
tacostealer26::also Darrell Arthur is healthy.  He really helps out off the bench.
tacostealer26::The Grizz play even better in the playoffs.
MiamiFLSports::This same Grizz team has not been able to get out of the second round man.
tacostealer26::i dont think so
MiamiFLSports::Bulls 2.0 man I have seen teams like this before. Who play out of their minds in the regular season and once the playoffs begin they have no second gear or third gear.
SPURZWARZ1.0::Grizzly fans still talking, yet I don't see any rings, ONLY TALK ABOUT A RING!
Timmurray426::That win is probably the best 250,000 Pop has ever spent, david stern is a clown
SPURZWARZ1.0::I agree! Like for that
SPURZWARZ1.0::Speaking of "COMEBACKS" Grindhouse, how is your dad?
Complaint Dept.::That's 2!
Lt. Frag::More like 3!
Grindhouse2413::First off, good win Spurs. Not great. Good. There got that out of the way. You Spurs are being way too cocky though. You had to rest four freaking players just to beat us in OVERTIME. Ha! I am not impressed. I actually want to play ya'll in a seven game series. I like our chances.
Grindhouse2413::HA. Brilliant come back
Complaint Dept.::OMG LMFAO!
SPURZWARZ1.0::I like your mom's "CHANCES!"
SPURZWARZ1.0::Hey Grindhouse, speaking of "BI TCH" how is your mom?
ENDZZONEZ::Dude admits his mom is a bi tch! SAD
Grindhouse2413::Hey she's great, thanks for asking.
ENDZZONEZ::Lol
luckywin7::david stern, you made america look stupid cuz fined on SA spurs for resting players!!!!!wtf nonsense
luckywin7::david stern, you just made america look stupid cuz fined on SA spurs for resting players!!!!!!!!!!!!!!wtf nonsense
jrram4::That was a good game...shows the grizzlies could go far this year because pop had to rest his stars.....we had to play back to back nights...and at the spurs so when we play at  the the grindhouse I'd watch out spurs you might me in for a whooping
jrram4::That's its name because we would rape the spurs  in that game
Grindhouse2413::Very classy there Spurz. Speaking of gay, we will gladly make you our biitch when you come to our place on 01/11.
SPURZWARZ1.0::The "Grindhouse" sounds like the name of a ga y bar!
Lt. Frag::LMFAO! Grizzly fans cry more than OKC FANS!
No-account drifter::Great game. No shame for the Griz in barely losing to a highly motivated Spurs. Wouldn't mind seeing this WCF. Stern would, but apparently he doesn't actually like basketball.
Texicano10::timmy is just amazing right now 27 and 15 against arguably the best most physical front court! two years ago I thought timmy was done. comon spurs just 1 more ring the big fundamental!
doof54::So, Popovic has shined a white-hot spotlight on the unfair scheduling, and I think that is good.  It is unfortunate that he had to take an unfair disadvantage and turn it into an unfair advantage to do it.  Given the high quality of last nigh'ts game, the league is doing as bad a job picking marquee games for national TV as they are with the schedule in general.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I guess resting the starters vs Miami paid off because Duncan hasn't played over 40 minutes all season.  Great coaching Popovich as usual.  David Stern can go eat a cockmeat sandwich.  All teams rest their starters and should all be fined then.  The Heat rested their big three vs Boston last season....no fine there.  Stern is a joke!
nba is the worst::Too bad there's really no recourse for the Spurs except to pay the fine and move on.  As the Mavs found out in the '06 Finals, you can't fight Stern and win titles
No-account drifter::nba is the worst - Too bad there's really no recourse for the Spurs except to pay the fine and move on.  As the Mavs found out in the '06 Finals, you can't fight Stern and win titles  Three days ago, I would have called that a crackpot conspiracy theory.
Kaiyotee::Popovich used his bench players to get the Spurs back into the game in the fourth quarter. Fine the Spurs for not using their stars.
general_sani::Don't like the title of the article. Aging Big three? I know about Duncan and Ginobli but Tony Parker's only 30. 2 years on Lebron. Stop making me feel old, ESPN. Besides everyone's aging even Anthony Davis
doof54::Most of the news outlets around the globe are using the term "Rested" to describe the Spurs.  I imagine many Spurs fans could object to that one as well.
Kaiyotee::Tony Parker was the youngest player in the league when he entered the NBA. He has played over 11 seasons and has played for the French national team during many summers. He has more wear-and-tear than any other 30-year old in the league. He may not be old, but he is worn. Maybe a better title would be "Worn-Out Big Three..."
mwaugamn::What a great game! And we have 3 more to look forward too. Can't wait till you come to our house Spurs, see you then!
