PortlandBlazers1004::Blazers won. End of story. Rip City Babyyyy!!!!!!!!!!
whodeanie4::Come on Guys... go a little easy on the laker fans.... its not easy going from the best team in the NBA to not even the best team in Los Angeles
BobBobb22::LOL
2kobeisgood4::Fisher, Barnes and World Peace even Blake those are the Lakers problem
2kobeisgood4::Give Brown a break
antistratfordian::and Mike Brown.
Willywalka11::i heard kobe has to replace the backboard at the rose garden for denting it on that lame 3 point shot he took in the 4th
Tricky Troll::felton roy wallace aldridge oden  crawford matthews batum camby  the "what if they were healthy" domination roster
whodeanie4::What if the Bush administration never happened. think about it....
jahraffe3::Brandon Roy, when healthy, was a top three SG in this league. Dude could play without question or room for debate.
antistratfordian::you could make a similar "what if they were good" fantasy rosters for every team.  both are pointless though.
Willywalka11::dumbest thing ive ever heard.
antistratfordian::but they were stripped because their bodies were not made for the NBA.  similarly, other players games are not made for the NBA.  if you can't play, you can't play.
Tricky Troll::no. portland had their 2 most valuable commodities stripped from them. imagina okc without durant and westbrook. yeah thats what portland went through and they miraculously rebuilt.
ryanbard123::Face it Lakers, you got beat by the better team tonight.  Stop all the infighting.... you're 8 games in!  Barring any major injuries, the Lakers will fighting there way to the playoffs again (and then getting beat by Portland)... but playoffs nevertheless.
gmskking::There's that pesky 3rd quarter again.
Antony2471::Fun stat: Faker fans have more excuses for losses than championship rings.
jahraffe3::Amen.
k08324::does portland know anything about championship rings?
nba is the worst::Sure - 1977
sprtfanusa::Ebanks... Coach, the rim fouled me!!!!
digglerdidum::Wow.  World Metta B. Free Peace is really lighting the stat sheet up so far.
sprtfanusa::YEAH, BARNES, METTA, WALTON, EBANKS. HOW FAR THEY HAVE FALLEN!
antistratfordian::Lakers need all sorts of help at SF.  People keep talking about a PG... but SF is looking just as problematic.
antistratfordian::Well then the SF position really can't be masked in that case
nba is the worst::No one, as we saw
antistratfordian::Who was guarding Wallace last night?
digglerdidum::Maybe Fisher is still trying to negotiate for the players????????
Yungdubz27::The SF position can be masked...it's the PG position that can't.
OFrog::Yup, I've been saying that for some time, they have absolutely nothing at sf.
RAIDERS19812::the hating on kobe story is getting old you guys are pathetic sit back and enjoy the show hes a great player
demtral::Kobe is looking more and more like Iverson. His skills diminish (slightly so far, but how bad is this condensed schedule going to be for him?). And the way he's acted so far, he's showing he's going to have no idea how to deal with having to concede shots and leadership of this team to other players that can handle it.
2kobeisgood4::Rubbish
OPTIONAL777::Was a great player.  Now...not so much.
antistratfordian::we are enjoying the .500 show.  very much.
sprtfanusa::no one denying his greatness, but he's old and shoots to much now
OFrog::was
sprtfanusa::I did pass it, to Ebanks and look what happened....Kobe
sprtfanusa::BYNUM DUNK,BYNUM BLOCKS SHOT,KOBE SHOOTS 3(BRICK) MOMENTUM LOST!
Yungdubz27::They get touches. I don't see what you other fans see. Pau never takes advantage of who is guarding him. He always passes it out or gets stripped or turnover the ball. Bynum and Pau gets more touches then Kobe....Kobe shoots the ball.
sprtfanusa::BYNUM...GASOL...JUST A THOUGHT!
Yungdubz27::Who should he pass it too?
sprtfanusa::that's for sure!!!
antistratfordian::see, there's that wonky basketball IQ again.  ebanks is the wrong dude.
OPTIONAL777::Jack Nicholson to Kobi:  "You can't handle the truth."
AdamBaum3::"I don't need to pass the ball"- Kobe
big1dunny::Kobe is the reason they lost. Things were going good for LA until that play where Kobe got ran over by Wallace for the and1. Kobe felt embarrassed so he went into ball hog mode to trying to get back at Wallace and the Blazers. And for the next 10mins Kobe took like every shot, got blocked like twice, threw up like 3 bricks and in a matter of mins the Blazers went from trailing to taking a 10 point lead. Meanwhile Bynum was scoring at will whenever he got the ball but because Kobe felt it was more important to not look like a punk and try and answer back then actually win the game by running the offense through Bynum who had the better matchup
Ball-aholic::I love the double sided argument from Faker fans. When people point to their inept roster you say, "Kobrick has no one to pass to" then you THINK this is the same team that will compete for a title.  Either they stink or they're great but they aren't both. Bynum and Gasoft are a foot taller than their defenders and Kobrick STILL takes 30 shots. Stop making excuses for dude. He's a ball hog and you sound like an idiot trying to defend it.
RAIDERS19812::shut the hell up he doesnt pass the cause he aint got realiable players right now who does he pass it to metta world peace
big1dunny::Bynum looked pretty reliable last night and all season so far. The bigs had the better matchup but once again Kobe wanting to ball hog lost the game for the lakers and kobe stans say of course he has to shoot everytime no one else is reliable. It's a cop out to sweep bad games from kobe under the rug.
OPTIONAL777::Kobi is playing for scoring records.  He wants to score more points than Mike, etc.  Winning is secondary to Kobi the egomaniac.
antistratfordian::Kobe is not passing in crunch time... still.
EmergingInThought::Blazers have a solid team. I think they'll finish with at least the 4 seed this year, maybe higher if they can stay healthy.  http://www.whatthehellbook.com/2012/01/05/fired-for-not-believing-in-hell/
SIX7KID::LAKERS SHOULD LOOK TO SIGN JR SMITH WHEN HE EXITS CHINA
JRSmithSux::I hate that guy...
sprtfanusa::Look directly at Kobe, with a broken wrist he can barely get the ball to the rim on 3's but he continues to shoot them. Those could be opportunities for other players
masterodisastr::Ya they need some scoring from the perimeter. Blake, Fisher and Ebanks are not getting it done, and neither is Artest (yes, I said ARTEST)
Jdzspace::what do you expect? you can't blame Fisher atleast. Kobe took 24 of the starters 55 shots, and of the 31 shots left, half (16) went to Bynum. that leaves 15 shots between Fisher, Barnes and Pau. Pau got 10 of them.  . .so that leaves 5 shots between Fisher and Barnes.   how can you blame them for not producing when they aren't getting enough shots?
NFLNLA2014::You mean when he shoots his way out of China.......thuglife
Clenbutador::Let's talk about the heat winning against a very good team without James and Wade instead of talking about a bad .500 team.
NFLNLA2014::How about we talk about all the championships the Heat have
Jdzspace::the Hawks are in fact a TERRIBLE team, it's pathetic they lost at home vs a team missing there only good players.   it's terrible, it was refreshing to hear Charles and Reggie and Marv talk candidly about how terrible the Hawks are when they think the camera isn't rolling
OFrog::Not as long as they have I get 128 mil for 6 years to miss everything including a game clinching free throw Joe Johnson.
nba is the worst::Missed fts = loss.  hawks are NOT "a very good team".  Next
SIX7KID::SAME TEAM BEAT THEM WITH JAMES AND WADE
OPTIONAL777::What's funny is when Kobi talks about possibly playing for Coach K.  Coach K would put up with Kobi's selfishness?
antistratfordian::But Coach K is the @sshole whisperer.
FrankPistachio211::I highly doubt it, bro. Not even Dean Smith could tame Kobe's selfishness.
antistratfordian::Kobe would be less selfish for Coach K, I think.  Out of respect for him.
NFLNLA2014::Wish I was Kobrick.....5x NBA Champ
Jdzspace::Wish I was Tommy Heinson . .... 8X NBA Champ  or Robert Horry. . . . 7x NBA champ
AdamBaum3::"Can we play with 2 balls" - The Lakers
Jdzspace::too easy
NFLNLA2014::Funny that's what.......aww nevermind
Doneebear::Unfortunately for the Lakers, we see the affects of no Phil Jackson!  Saw a few minutes of their last game and fear it is going to be a very long season for the players.  The coach is already proving to be a disaster as he has embraced none of Phil Jackson's winning ways!  Used to watch every game the last few years but what we are getting is a disaster~!
Strobes503::How about their top 3 players making 66% of the total salary for the team. Good luck building around that, better hope FA's are going to be happy taking a pay cut to come play next to an aging, ballhog like Kobe for 2 more seasons under this contract. Hope Bynum doesn't get hurt (he will).
OFrog::There is a lot of blame to spread around, but Jim Buss is at the end of most of it. He chased out Phil, chased out Shaw for being close to Phil. Fired the entire scouting department, and put his stamp on the team. The roster is a problem, the coach is a problem, the guy running the show is the source of the problems. Dr. Buss should have given team to Jeanie instead of failed horse trainer, rehabbing cokehead alcoholic Jim.
OFrog::Yup, just a huge mistake not giving her control of the team. Black sheep gets it instead.
sprtfanusa::nice post. As long as this dude is in charge it's all down hill.
jcmaggi::Seriously. Jeanie lives and breaths Lakers basketball.
antistratfordian::Brown is a great defensive assistant.  Offensively, he just relied on LeBron to run the offense and the Lakers don't have anyone like that to do that for him.
SIX7KID::MIKE BROWN IS NOT THE PROBLEM. LAKERS ARE PLAYING BETTER D THEN THEY HAVE IN AWHILE BECAUSE OF HIM. EXCEPT FOR LAST NIGHT WHICH IS PART OF THE REASON THEY LOST
OFrog::I just don't see the better D. I see slowed down games. Against weak offensive opponents. But when opponents pick up the pace, better D is history.
jcmaggi::Lagarific
sprtfanusa::Did anyone see Ebanks get fouled by the rim last night? Wow the Lakers have sunk!!!!!
sprtfanusa::Iwould have said hung but he's 6'7 so i figured the rim must have fouled him!!!!!
SIX7KID::HE ACTUALLY NEEDS MORE MINUTES
sprtfanusa::yeah, in the wnba
jcmaggi::more like hung by the rim. that was pathetic.
KWGonnaScore::Anyone who roots for a purple and gold team is a pillow biter
OPTIONAL777::Kobi:  "If I wanted to share the ball, I would have been a point guard.  I wanted to be like Mike, not Magic.  So shut up and watch me stumble around, be a ball hog, whine constantly, and live for breaking scoring records.  If you want to watch a point guard, turn on the Clippers."
antistratfordian::but Jordan averaged 8 assists one year :(  sorry kobes, you're doing it wrong
Ball-aholic::This just in: Kobrick will grab his wrist at every opportunity and wear his "I'm playing hurt &amp; I'm in pain, but I have to keep shooting" face tonight against the Warriors.   Even though the Fakers are a foot taller than the Warriors, Kobrick will shoot 23 footers instead of passing it down low.  I could be wrong but - I KNOW I'M RIGHT!
Ball-aholic::Yup because he said so. "I'm going to do what I do, I shoot the ball" - Kobrick.
jcmaggi::Kobe should be taking 20 shots per game.
NFLNLA2014::Of course you are, whatever you say
NFLNLA2014::Of course you are whatever you say
LaTony Pepperoni::Kobe will not get his 6th ring.  Oh, and Lima is not in China.   Thanks.
OFrog::Enough already dude, you chased off one good guy and now are driveling us to death. Back to hoops already.
jcmaggi::Hence why I'm ignoring it. I don't get much chance to debate political ideology so I jump at it every chance I get. I thought he was actually interested in debating for a while, not just trolling.
OFrog::You have nothing to prove, let it go.
jcmaggi::I'm still here. I've provided mountains of proof for my position. This guy insists on twisting my words and saying I say things that I really didn't. I'm running the script that allows me to ignore him.
nba is the worst::BORING
antistratfordian::http://cn.linkedin.com/in/alexandreplima  Lima is in China
LaTony Pepperoni::He's also in baseball.   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jos%C3%A9_Lima    ahhaahhahahahaahahahhaahaahahahhaahahhahahahahhah
nba is the worst::"Log off"
LaTony Pepperoni::I will as soon as i murder my Chinese friend's second baby because that is the law in China.  Isn't that right, jcmaggi?   Bwahahahhahhahhaahhahaahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahah.
AdamBaum3::"Andrew Bynum always gets hurt" - Greg Oden
laketd::He said "butt hurt."
Despicable One::The problem is not Kobe, Bynum or Gasol (although he could dial it up a little). It's the play at starting PG and the shooting off the bench. The Lakers don't have a PG that can create his own shot or draw the defense in by breaking down his defender and driving the lane (thanks Stern). That bench is crap when it comes to shooting. Barnes, Ebanks, Murphy, Artest, Walton, Kapon (can't create).....need I go on? I would have liked to see the Lakers pick up Michael Redd or Gilbert Arenas at the vet minimum or both. The Lakers aren't going anywhere unless they make an upgrade at PG and SG off the bench. Period.
Bigmayne313::The Lakers have the same team that theyve won championships with minus Lamar Odom, the problem is the coach, and they're being exposed right now, Kobe cant do it all he needs Phil.
Despicable One::Frustrated. I hate to harp but we should have had Paul and probably Howard right now. David Stern, you may proceed to the next life now.
SIX7KID::THE TYPE OF PLAYER THEY NEED IS A JAMAL CRAWFORD OR A MO WILLIAMS TO COME OFF THE BENCH
Despicable One::I got ya. Agreed.
laketd::So you're saying you can't think of any that are not already signed. The Lakers mgmnt has the same problem as you.
SIX7KID::i DIDN'T SAY THEY NEED THEM SPECIFICALLY i JUST MEANT THATS THE TYPE OF PLAYER THEY NEED
laketd::Crawford ain't going anywhere. He took less money to be in Portland.
Despicable One::I can agree with that. Wish one was available. I don't see them being traded away, especially to us.
Despicable One::Who else is out there right now?
OFrog::Probably.
Despicable One::Jim Buss is the main problem. If Kupchak were allowed to make his own decisions we'd still have Lamar. Disgruntled or not. He would have forced him to stay.
OFrog::The Lakers got guys that have the same problems as the other guys they already have. I am not expecting improvement from Jim Buss/Mitch Kupchak clown duo.
OFrog::You lost me at picking up Arenas.
Despicable One::I know Redd is signed. Why isn't Gilbert the right fit?
OFrog::He is viewed as toxic, and is not getting any better. Why would you think anyone would pick him later when no one did now?
Despicable One::He'll play somewhere. He's got some game left in the tank. He still averaged 10 pts in Orlando with limited minutes. He screwed himself with that gun fiasco in Washington. Not as bad as Crittendon but enough.
OFrog::Gilbert's fit is no longer in the NBA. His wish list was the joke of jokes. Not one team would touch him with a ten foot pole after amnesty. I might even say he will never play in the NBA again.
nba is the worst::Not true
Despicable One::He can create his own shot. Blake and Fisher put together cannot create jack. I hate to say it but he's better than what we have now.
SIX7KID::CAUSE HE DOESN'T BREAK DOWN DEFENSES ALL HE DOES IS SHOOT LIKE KOBE
SIX7KID::REDD IS ALREADY SIGNED AND GILBERT ISN'T THE RIGHT FIT
antistratfordian::I think it's time to re-evaluate Kobe's basketball IQ.  You're playing with two bigs who can score at a much higher percentage than you...  Your team is 4-4... You have an injured wrist that you're clutching at with every brick, that you're taking pain killing shots for it... yet you're still intent on forcing up 30 shots a game at 43%??  That is not very intelligent basketball.
sprtfanusa::@ anti..I agree,.the problem is " the whole floor is Kobe's favorite spot".
sprtfanusa::Yeah, but six would be nice...and possible if he played smarter. it's time for  Kobe to make his teammates better by sharing the ball. Great players need to adopt change when they get older or their not going to win.
antistratfordian::What I really think Kobe should do... if I were advising him... would be to take a week or two and really concentrate on feeding Bynum and Gasol and shooting only when he's in his favorite spots.  If by the end of that period the team isn't any better off, then he's free to go back to his chucking ways because really, after that, the team has no better option.    But if Bynum and Gasol are producing with more touches, and the team is winning, then everything is swell.
antistratfordian::I've never seen Kobe make a <i>serious</i> attempt at this.  Bynum has never been this good, for one thing.
OFrog::The horse has been kicked to death, reincarnated and suffered same fate.
OFrog::I have been saying that for some time, but Kobe says, I'm playing like I play, and am not going to change, and even worse, coach Brown is cool with that.
SIX7KID::COACH BROWN HAS NO CHOICE BUT TO BE COOL WITH THAT
NFLNLA2014::I agree with you but his responce........I have 5 championships
antistratfordian::unfortunately, just saying that isn't going to help them win games this year
sprtfanusa::well said, I'm a big Laker fan and I agree.
SIX7KID::i MISS THE RON ARTEST WHO WOULD RUN IN THE STANDS AND PUNCH PEOPLE IN THEIR FACE
Despicable One::Reminds me of Zab Judah before he went religious. Thug Judah was a better boxer.
OFrog::The talk show in skivvies Ron does not do much for anybody, and he sure played better ball with a chip on his shoulder instead of giving peace a chance.
AdamBaum3::"I don't do drugs, they do me" - Metta World Peace
k_nak::Gasol and Bynum need to be putting up 15 shots/game.  How many teams are they not going to have an advantage in the paint against?  I think the only guy that seems to know how to feed the big guys is Steve Blake.
antistratfordian::You don't get it.  Kobe doesn't care about their shots, he cares about his shots.  It's really very simple.
sprtfanusa::kobe needs to stop shooting 3's. His bad wrist barely allows him to get the ball too the rim, and when he misses it leads to fast breaks the other way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SIX7KID::GASOL IS TOO PASSIVE TO GET 15 SHOTS. HE NEEDS TO FORCE THE ISSUE MORE
sprtfanusa::hard to do that when kobe shoots 175 times per game!!!
NFLNLA2014::Do the Celtics actually BELIEVE they are coming out of the east? ROTFLOL!!!!
Road dog Red::Hope SPRINGS eternal..if not..there one more thing to drink about
LaTony Pepperoni::The Lakers have no hope of finals this year.   Oh, and Mao Ze Dong is not Peruvian.  thank you.
jcmaggi::I challenge you to pull up any one of my posts where I said Mao Ze Dong was Peruvian. Go ahead. I'll wait.
jcmaggi::sorry I went to the bathroom.
LaTony Pepperoni::It took you 5 minutes to google that???? Wow, you must have fat fingers. Why don't you have some refried beans and a corona and then come back to us.......thanks Jose.
jcmaggi::US didn't invade Texas, Texans fought to leave Mexican rule. They formed the Republic of Texas in 1836 and in 1845, they negotiated annexation by the US.
LaTony Pepperoni::AND THEY HAVE THE DEATH PENALTY. remember the death penalty jcmaggi??????  hahahhhahahahahhahahahahahahahhahahahh
jcmaggi::I guess to the brainwashed forced integration in to a country = voluntary joining of a union.
nba is the worst::The united states DID invade Texas - (it was part of Mexico at the time)
LaTony Pepperoni::Who'd have thought???? An AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE REPORT ON CHINA. hahahahahah SHUT UP.
jcmaggi::LOL. Right cause at every opportunity they get, Texans complain to the world press about how the US invaded them and incorporated them in to the union right?
LaTony Pepperoni::Tibet IS part of China. That's like saying America invaded Texas. SHUT UP. I bet you think the Dalai Lama is a pacifist too.   SHUT UP MONKEY. GO AND SIT IN THE BLEACHERS WITH THE REST OF YOUR FRIENDS AT DODGERS STADIUM.
OFrog::You are losin it bud.
jcmaggi::I said they aborted the fetuses by legal mandate.
jcmaggi::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nEJpI9eGlps  Yea, those are quite the freedoms the people of Tibet enjoy from a Chinese regime that has never invaded anyone in its 5000 years right? Check mate a$$ hole.
OFrog::OK, sky is blue.
LaTony Pepperoni::I'll start with you saying 'CHINESE PEOPLE HAVE TO KILL THEIR BABIES IF THEY HAVE A SECOND CHILD'.  hahahhahahahahhaa SHUT UP JOSE, back to Lima for a coconut.
jcmaggi::I know, I'm just pointing it out to everyone on this chat that he's a complete moron.
OFrog::He's just breakin ballz, don't bother with it.
NFLNLA2014::BREAKING NEWS:  TNT announces it's new NBA on TNT line up Magic Johnson, Shaq, Charles Barkley and Gary Payton.....subtitles anyone???
sprtfanusa::who care's, most wont understand anyway!
KWGonnaScore::will they be speaking english or ebonics?
AdamBaum3::" I am the White Mamba" - Steve Blake
steve_mcnair::As a Laker fan, you people upset me.  You are acting like scumbags.  First, Gasol was the Finals MVP two years ago (He outplayed Kobe).  Second, he's not your problem.  Any team that gives Blake 30 mpg is in SERIOUS trouble.  And Gasol took Spain to the European championships just three months ago.  Admit it, Blazers are better than the Lakers.  meow!!!
KWGonnaScore::euro trash
NFLNLA2014::Oh no, it's the Hello Kitty dude
SIX7KID::HE IS A PU$$SSY
LaTony Pepperoni::For those unaware, Mao Ze Dong, the leader of China from 1949 to 1976, was not from Peru.  hahahahahahahaahaahahahahahahhaahaahaahhaahahahahahhaahahhahahahaahhhaahahha  Thanks 'jcmaggi', you made my night! Funny sh*t.
jcmaggi::Ugh you're an idiot. A maoist terrorist group refers to the ideaology of installing a dictatorship/rule of the proletariat with the hopes of that leading to development in to a communist state. At no point did I say the Shining Path was a Chinese group. Keep heaping on your ignorance and obvious lack of reading comprehension.
OFrog::He's a good guy though.
LaTony Pepperoni::He can't even make an argument. If i ordered a pizza from him, the ingredients would change by the time it was delivered.  JCMAGGI, the bullsh*t artist from Lima who thinks he's a man of the world.   Time to chill and have a corona Jose!
OFrog::You actually make LaTony pizzas?
jcmaggi::working on it.
OFrog::Yes, and make some better pies, your pizza sucks.
MaddSammyboy::Shaq is the worst NBA 'analyst' since Gary Payton. I actually think I'd take Shaq over Payton, though. GP was GOD-AWFUL.
OFrog::You could understand the glove. Trying to hear what Shaq is saying is like having Simple Jack sing Smells Like Teen Spirit.
OFrog::Good point, the glove was not exactly known for anything other than playground trash talking. Does not make for good tv viewing.
MaddSammyboy::That's true, but I think I'd rather listen to someone I couldn't understand than be able to understand the ignorant nonsense coming out of Payton's mouth.
NFLNLA2014::You stay classy Sacramento  -Tim Donaghy
nba is the worst::Inside the NBA now with Shaq - a new low in sports television
OFrog::That mumblefuck shouldn't be anywhere near a microphone.
NFLNLA2014::ROTFLOL!!!
Road dog Red::at least he's not shooting free throws
MaddSammyboy::It's the first TV show I've ever seen where turning on the closed-captioning yields a steady stream of question marks on the bottom of my screen.
AdamBaum3::"I just want to go home and put on my lee press on nails and high heels" - Pau Gasol
MaddSammyboy::"Please don't mention our products by name. We have a reputation to maintain."  - Lee Cosmetics marketing spokesperson
MaddSammyboy::"I wish Shaq was still here." - Kobe  "Mimble muzzle buzzle mmm izzoo." - Shaq
SIX7KID::ATL SHOULD AMNESTY JOE JOHNSON. THEY ARE GONNA GET THE SAME PRODUCTION OUT OF HIM EITHER WAY
OFrog::Yup, that is an awful lot of money for a one dimensional player that has too many off nights in his supposedly good dimension. He does not work in coach Drew's system. Might make selling the team easier also.
Road dog Red::Teague is looking like a Hutu refugee...somebody tell him he's got money for braces now
nba is the worst::Ivan &gt; Joe
OFrog::Ivan was tough last night. But like Teague. gets to line and leaves no coin in the bell ringers bucket.
Saints8365::Ok I'm talking about basketball. So why bring football in the conversation?  Kids these days.   Kobe still is one of the best in the NBA
OFrog::Best at long distance shooting? Will he be in the NBA All Star Three Point Contest?
NFLNLA2014::ATTENTION EVERYONE:  You better be on your P's and Q's and watch what you say or the Internet tuff guy Ball-aholic will beat you up.....you have been warned!!!
SIX7KID::i GOT MIND CONTROL OVER BALL-AHOLIC WHEN HE SAY SHUT UP I SHUT UP BUT WHEN HE LEAVE i BE TALKING AGAIN
Saints8365::Aye smokey . I want my money
Saints8365::So your scared?
AdamBaum3::Dont be mad cause he banged your Mom
NFLNLA2014::Oh oh you've done it Adam here he comes......
AdamBaum3::"Can I get traded to the Clippers" - Kobe
Rondo is the bum of bums::Would the Lakers make a trade for Joe Johnson right now?
Road dog Red::one BallHawg for another...
