Kobe5-Lebron0.67::.
Kobe5-Lebron0.67::.
Mark12081959::March 12 update Lakers fall to 9th out of playoff picture
brianchristophermichael::I think you get the wrong news marky
506 Kahuna::thanks Nostradamus
H-Town Dream Shake::This article is wrong. Lakers are not currently in the playoffs and 8th seed. They are the 9th seed.
MontelGolfer::Usually after couple good games Dwight will take at least one or two off, would be nice to see if could go on a streak like the heat are on, like playing great for 18 games in a row, sorry only dreaming
gatorfan808::Dwight Howard is playing well.  Dwight is no dummy, he knows if he plays well from this point on, he will have many options after the season, and teams will be coming for him.  Just a few weeks ago, people were saying get rid of Howard or hope he leaves, who would want this guy, he cannot play through pain,  and this guy is so overrated.  Dwight looks like the all-star again, and it would be interesting if he stays with a franchise whose fanbase doesn't really appreciate him.
chuckyg2::Beat half of a Bulls team at home by 9. Very impressive! Miami, OKC, are shaking in their sweats, time to pour it on! Yeah Baby, Yeah!   Obnoxious Lakers fan..
soulsnake::ooh the lakers and thier assault on these scrub teams.  can't wait until they play the pacers, i want to see dwight howard play against david west and hibbert.  a physical indiana team.
Mamba24Rings5::There is no advantage home or road. It's 5 on 5 best team will win in playoffs Kobes mentally to tough to let a little crowd noise affect him.
Mark12081959::Mamba=rapist
soulsnake::if i were the owners in orlando i would  send my goons after that shoulder and back.
tebrina::GO LAKERS!
Chester0128::Lakers will get in the playoff...and will be the most confident team when they get in.....If the LA Hockey Kings seed at # 8 spot in the West and they just on the tear, unstoppable in the playoff and was on the way to win the first Trophy....I have no doubt, Lakers have the pieces to put together to make a run as the LA Hockey Kings just did last year !!! I am not surprising at all if this Lakers make a deep run into the playoff !!!!
soulsnake::but the ravens were a good team. they had the best record in the division pretty much the entire yr, they went on a losing streak mid way and was able to win a few games down the stretch to win the division.  the ravens were never a bad team, just a hurt and banged up team  the lakers are 26th in defense, that doesn't go away.  they are kobe or bust.  if he plays normal in the playoffs they wlll loose.
Revoleurt::You just made the exact same point for the Ravens that apply to the Lakers.  The  3 of the Lakers starting 5 were injured most of the season (Nash, Howard and Gasol) and now all three should finally be healthy at the right time. No excuses but those are the facts.  Listen, come playoff time every team starts at 0 - 0.   Like Kobe said lets get it on!
thoughtuknew73::U sound crazy
Chester0128::Dude !!! No one would though Ravens heavy under dog went to Denvers and New England and kicked their A s S.....and won the Super Bowl...It's that sound crazy???? Any can happen in the Sports !!!!
micah1968::Love the haters hangin out here! U think they go to a Timberwolves article and comment??
Chester0128::What's more impress ....Lakers is in the playoff or Heats is winning streak @ 18 ???/
Mark12081959::Lakers arent in the playoffs they are 9th
gatorfan808::Good run by the Lakers, looks like they will be in the playoffs and perhaps be as high as a 6th seed.  Only thing is that they still haven't proved that they can beat a good team on the road.  Being the 8th 7th or 6th seed, you are not going to have home court, could be a 1 round and done for the Lakers.
tubbyrecuitsthugs::another good game by the brick mamba
berdosux::WHo won the game again?
Marvo6564::i think heat fans should be the last fans, not only in the nba , but in sports to accuse anyone of being unloyal fans and bandwagoners
Marvo6564::"lakers wont make the playoffs" -haters
oicurak9::You still haven't made it just yet.
Marvo6564::lakers are clearly putting it together but the huge difference is dwight youd hafta be a blind idiot to say that he hasnt stepped his game up significantly since the all star break he is becoming a defensive monster
Jrinc242.0::Hes becoming D12 again
Kevin58238::Kobe highlights bring goosebumps http://wp.me/p2g4xX-5R
crazy auburn fan::Its awesome to see all of the butt-hurt heat bandwagons commenting on a lakers page
IamonaboatAmotherfkingboat::Is there any other kind?
Notta Lespn1::there is freaky talk on the heat pacers blog are they being deleted?
Notta Lespn1::I'm sorry for dissing kobe. please may i have permission to post again?
Unsung511::Yes you May ..
Notta Lespn1::Thank you Mr. Deng!
kmurphy0620::It's too bad that Kobe's selfishness makes this All Star team in a Lakers uniform a lacking playoff team. We only pay attention to them to laugh at how badly they will fall with all of the talent in the world.
Unsung511::If you want to have fun time playing i'll pick Lebron but if you serious and you want to win Championships..Then I'll pick Kobe Bryant all day   Larry Bird
Unsung511::Kobe is what we call the Master.. he has mastered all  parts of the floor..U cqnt let up on Kobe or he will destroy you ....   Dwayne Wade 2009
crazy auburn fan::Kobe: 5-2 in the finals Lebron: 1-2 in the finals
Lamar267::word
xxXSmOkIn_KuSh24Xxx::EARTHQUAKE!!!!!!
Notta Lespn1::Lakers follow Kobe's lead from the 24th seed to the 8th seed.  Real talk he better be glad he play in the pacific cuz if he had to see Deng and Jimmy B. 6x a yr. in the central he would be avg. 14.3 ppg platooning with d.waiters, monta ellis or paul george or som'n! yall see how mota ellis's ppg dropped from G.St to mil. bucks yeah it aint all sweet in the central. itschool tho.
Marvo6564::whens the last time a team from the central was relevant
Notta Lespn1::Minneapolis?
hofersf49::just wow
Outwest87::hofersf, can you tranlate that?
Pau for 3::Kobe has 2 MVP's actually, he won in 2006 just ask Steve Nash he will say so.
Runninandgunninbball::No......he has 1 MVP and 1 ring to his name...the rest are Shaquille Gasol rings
natenancy3107::yeah that was just a stupid comment. it is kind of funny how he was the scoring and rebound leaders for 3 of those 5 tiltles.Interesting!!
sniper13xxx::Haha gasol... Haters are so desperate.
Runninandgunninbball::Kobe's success due to his circumstances not because of him.....Laker money and stacked teams.....Allen Iverson would have same career had he been with Lakers rather than Kobe.....Norris Coles' previous post says it all.
Lamar267::he has 1 !
Ustna9::...and 1 rape accusation
Revoleurt::oh boy, here we go with the I cant think of anything else to say so I will mention rape.  smh...
Lamar267::he has 1 !
ElvinHayesRules::Groan, looks like the NBA is in full-out save the Lakers mode.  Stern - Pleeeeeeeeeeease don't put this tired old squad into the finals. Everyone on the planet knows they aren't in the class of the Spurs, Thunder, Clippers, etc.  I know it's all about ratings to you, but Lake Show isn't a top 10 team this year...
kmurphy0620::Blame everyone but the players and leadership on the court.
Lamar267::Even if the lakers go to the finals they not beating miami heat in a 7 game series
crazy auburn fan::Lebron: 1-2 in finals Kobe: 5-2
Pau for 3::Hayes you sound worried, we are not in those teams class, we will see haha
Pau for 3::It's the REFS eventhough LeBron can go 10 games without a foul
Notta Lespn1::his reward for leaving the cav's hi n dri.
Pau for 3::Kobe 5 Titles, 2 Finals MVP's BacktoBack, 1 League MVP, 4 All-Star game MVP's, 31000 points = 5th all-time and Lakers all-time leading scorer, 81 point game, won the Dunk Contest in 1997.
Unsung511::2010 finals kobe f/g    41    f/t  883  r/b  8  pt 28.6                       Gasol F/g   48  f/t 721  r/b 11  pt 18.6  In my opinion Kobe earned that Mvp..if you look at shaqs #s when they played together they were through the roof ..he deserved Mvp
Lamar267::and Lebron james vs kobe bryant  vs each other stats wise , Lebron got the uperhand
Unsung511::You can if you kobe at 31k points..Are you serious...7 finals  wining the 1rst at 20 or 21..Kobe's gave has way more tools and polish then Lebron ..Lebron learns from Kobe  and Lebron has made that comment more than once
Lamar267::come on you cant be great with 1 mvp award, and 2 finals mvp awards,
Lamar267::WOAH ! gasol did not deserve that ? ESPN said he did, Michael willbone said he did, kobe got it cause he is the star
Pau for 3::Elvin Hayes says REFS, Booooooo, come on dude you just lost your credibility there, blaming the REFS for Kobe dominating, Jordan got a lot more calls, so does LeBron
Unsung511::I didn't say anything about Refs
Lamar267::jordan knows it ,if he had 5 mvp awards and 5 finals mvp award then yea you can make that argument, am i wrong? I $@%! with Kobe hard body, but lebron is about to get his 4th mvp award and his second ring,
Unsung511::No he wasn't ..stop it .. YGasol is not a leader on or off the court ..everyone deemed Gasol soft  around  the nba..it  wasn't Until he got with Kobe his swag changed..Kobe is the lakers organization
Lamar267::Like everybody said gasol was supposed to get that fianls in mvp in 2010
Pau for 3::How many players have more than 2 Finals MVP's? What are you talking about, hardly nobody does! and only 4 players have won at least 2 in a row and Kobe is one of them
Unsung511::What game was that ..Lets not talk about Lebron in Finals against The mavs or when he played against Boston when he was with the Cavs..lebron has never hit the shots Kobe has hit in his career ..never have you noticed the 3's lebron hits  he's always open ..I never seen him hit a Contested 3..over someone taller..Kobe has a Library of those shots..fact not Opinion
Unsung511::I Love Lebron no problems with that man ..my point is no-one stands alone in LIFE ..You always have  help in competition ...That gos for Mj.Magic ,Larry Kobe and Lebron...
Lamar267::lebron did mess up in the finals but last year what did he do ? game 2 vs the magic was that not clutch ? how about game 5 ? he scored the 29 of 30 points for his team, thats greatness vs the 07 pistons.lebron $@%!$@ up once in the finals vs the mavericks, lebron vs spurs played very good actually,gibson cant guard parker , number 2 drew gooden was not scoring vs tim duncan, Lebron had manu on smash , he aint score nothing game 3 ,for the first 3 quarters
Lamar267::to be really great you cant have 1 mvp award and 2 finals mvp awards, he needs more,this is his is highest FG percentage 48 percent of his career
Unsung511::And where is that  in the NBA Handbook...Listen to Nba players and ex players Dummy..They gave Nash the Mvp 2x when he didn't even make the finals..That was for Kobe's denver incident..they  weren't going to give him anything until time passed..We will see when younger players come into the nba to challenge Lebron we will see where his health is at 34
ElvinHayesRules::Kobe has never come through in the postseason when it mattered.
Unsung511::How did they win the Last 2..Who got them there ..who made shots when it counted
ElvinHayesRules::Pau for 3 - In 2009 he dominated Denver and Orlando, you mustve blocked that out?  He played horribly aside from the refs giving him copious FTS...
Pau for 3::In 2009 he dominated Denver and Orlando, you mustve blocked that out?
Lamar267::kobe never had a triple double in a finals game , or had a game winning shots in the playoffs,or a game 6 like lebron and jordan have, also the flu game, and lebrons game 5 vs pistons ,
crazy auburn fan::Lebron never WON a finals game without 4 of the top 50 players on his team.
Pau for 3::Kobe had a game winner vs the Suns in 2000 Playoffs actually because he always had to close because Shaq couldn't shoot FT's
Lamar267::so ? wasnt vs Lebron, kobe in the finals vs celtics was 6-24 and 0-6 from 3 land, thats impressive ?
crazy auburn fan::Lebron has lost 2 times in the finals, Even with the heat promising a championship EVERY YEAR TILL THEY RETIRE! Actions speak louder than words: Lebron: 1-2 in finals Kobe: 5-2 in Finals
Pau for 3::@Lamar, 15 Rebounds, 10 Points in the 4th plus a huge jumper to put LA up 4 late
rex_coach::<b>since scoring only matter to you LBJ clowns, why don't you ever talk about Kareem?  Or are his scoring numbers invisible to you band wagon types?</b>
Unsung511::Don't forget hes hit 12 3's in  a game (record) and 8 3's in  1rst half  and a 42 1srt half game against MJ
Lamar267::bro for a game winner , he shot an airball from 3 luckily artest was there to put it in for the win
Pau for 3::Thank God Kukoc bailed Jordan out against the Pacers in 1998 Game 7 when Jordan was 9-28 with 23 points, Kukoc was his hero as they barely beat Indy, I wish people would bring up Jordan getting bailed out and LeBron stunk in the 2011 Finals, Dirk owned Miami
rex_coach::<b>All the great ones have shot airballs during game winning moments.  BOne up on your history boy!</b>
Pau for 3::Only players to win BacktoBack MVP Finals are Jordan 3 in a row, Shaq 3 in a row, Hakeem, and Kobe by the way. Only 4 players in NBA history so that is impressive
Lamar267::not really
rex_coach::<b>I am about to pass the collection plate.  You are preaching son... lol</b>
Lamar267::thats not impressive you know that right ?81 points vs the raptors,his last finals performance was horrible!  he has 1 mvp award in 17 years, 5 rings with only 2 mvp awards
Pau for 3::6-24 I know haha, how about 10 Points in the 4th though and 15 Rebounds, Kobe outrebounded the whole Celtics team in that 2nd half, he wins in other ways besides scoring
Notta Lespn1::Deng &amp; Jimmy B. = Kobe stopper &amp; Kobe stopper Jr. , I tripping on how a lot of teams acquired multiple "Guns" just to handle the Bulls.  And then D.Rose basically gave them a year off.  Ha haaaaaaaa yall some suckers. Lakers paying Gasol just so no other team can use him? How can the Heat afford Birdman was'nt he all-star status? Boston sneaking everybodies midlevel starters too thier bench to support the medium 2.5.? LOB S.itty?Big up's to Coach Pop's and the Spurs doing it the right way.  Jerry Sloan's was legendary for the Jazz.  Teams are PAYING to much for championship's. Hold up teams are paying for ring's? SMH
Kevin58238::17 Seasons, Age 34, #24, Still Balling! http://wp.me/p2g4xX-5R
Lamar267::50 is old
Lamar267::34 is not old
Notta Lespn1::Only in Hollywood
_Norris_Cole::How to be Overrated   1. Deny a small franchise (Charlotte) and move to the Biggest Franchise in the League (Lakers)  2. Play with the most dominant Center in the History (Shaq)  3. Play with a Bunch of future HOF (Shaq,Horry,Gasol,Nash,Howard.)  4.Play with the Best Coach Ever (Phil)  5. Blame your teammates everytime your team is defeated  6. Try 60 shots in the game and dont pass the ball. Sometimes you'll hit the buzzer and fans will name you CLUTCH
Revoleurt::Instead of Charlotte don't you mean Cleveland??  And instead of Lakers don't you mean Miami??   You are talking about LeBron, right?
rex_coach::<b>1. _Norris_Cole Band-Wagon-Fan 2. Mad Band-Wagon-Fan</b>
jcmaggi::Kobe is 165 points from surpassing Wilt for 4th on the all time NBA scoring list.
Notta Lespn1::how far is he from missing the most fg's?
Jrinc242.0::I really hope he does it a a home game.
Lamar267::thats wavey
Lamar267::im Just pissed off they have Gasol,kobe,howard and nash , and just got into the 8th seed. the year its supposed to be Kobe Vs Lebron in the finals it wont happen.
Lamar267::even larry bird talked about it
Lamar267::even Larry bird talked abou
Lamar267::in that case yea, he led the team in every category that year,and he was the only superstar , he didnt even have a 6th man like jordan and kobe did
Jrinc242.0::oh and delonte west.  he then went to miami and had wade and bosh and got beat by dirk
Jrinc242.0::no he had really good role players and big z... his last year in cleveland he had shaq jamison varajeo hickson.  plus mo williams
Lamar267::i think its kobe fault
rex_coach::thanks chin.nuts
Lamar267::yea, lebron in cleveland by himself went 66-16
Jrinc242.0::He wasnt by himself.  Teams that win 60 games arent doing it because of one person
Jrinc242.0::thats usually what happens when you put that many new guys on a team and most of them miss significant time with injuries
MinniWolves90::I'm sure Lakers fans agree with me when I say anything less than a Western Conference Finals appearance is a complete and utter failure. A Finals appearance (and loss) is a slight failure. This team was built to win a title, and I hate to say it but they seem to be getting hot at the right time. I'd still be a little concerned about their depth and age, but Kobe has been the most impressive player on the planet of late.
Bill GOAT potus::I have been a Laker fan since they last won a home game. I will be a fan until their next road loss. Based on the hype from September, anything less than a finals victory would be a failure. After having the season they have had, if they can make a push, beat some good teams on the road, then they will have something to build on going forward.
GI Joe With The Kung--Fu Grip::I pretty much judge every season by whether or not the Lakers make the Conference Finals.
Jrinc242.0::yep.  or if they get knocked out by the wcf winner.  like okc and dallas.  if you get taken out by the team that gets to the finals its not AS bad but no WCF is still not cool
Jrinc242.0::Finally an anti Lakers guy with a rational thought.  Agreed.  I will be more convinced on the starting to get hot thing if they can beat the grizz, clippers, and spurs in april.
MinniWolves90::The question for me becomes, Can the Lakers build a small lead so they can afford to rest some guys? IF they can coast into the playoffs, instead of fighting for a spot until the end, I'd say they have a chance to make some noise.
Lamar267::i disagree, he has been playing very good vs wack teams, he wasnt there vs miami,okc,clippers,spurs, need i go on ? and also kobe was on a stretch in febuary  he went 1-39 in 3 pointers, WTF????
TheSpecialOnce::Those are tough teams. You have to take one step at a time and they're beating the teams they need to beat.
Jrinc242.0::he just scored 30 against okc
dantonis_defensive_coordinator::Where's all the Lakers hate now?
Lamar267::thats nice , idgaf
Lamar267::And first computer ????? LMAO,
Lamar267::i have 8 accounts , i neverr remember my password, and ofcourse i am ? i was watching him since i was 9,im 19. so what you talkin about
Jrinc242.0::you are a kid
Lamar267::me ? Im a Lebron fan
Jrinc242.0::of course you are.  your profile was created today.  mom and dad buy you your first computer or something?
ElvinHayesRules::Now is more likely the time you see all the pseudo-Laker fans crawl out of the woodwork like cockroaches.  They have no real fans.
Jrinc242.0::yeah, i dont blame them though.  you see some of the absolute nonsense these people put out there
MinniWolves90::Jrinc, honestly I wouldn't be too happy about the fans coming out of the woodwork if I were you. I mean, there were only 4 or 5 Lakers fans that kept coming on these boards and supporting this team when times were rough, including yourself.
rex_coach::<b>That is quite possibly the stupidist comment in the history of ESPN...  The moment I have to justify my fanhood on the internet, I'm going to delete my account.    Some fools just don't get it.  They will be dumb their entire life...</b>
Jrinc242.0::says the guy who doesnt list his fav teams on his profile
DeezBrown::Stick around
Lamar267::lmao, ya 8th seed , be quiet.
DeezBrown::Grammar? No not your mom's mom.
Lamar267::did havent been in the playoffs since last season
Iknowaboutsports925::I didn't get to see the game how did the Lakers play?
Lamar267::wack team
Jrinc242.0::Good on defense.  Offense was slow until the thrid quarter.  Dwight looked good.  16 pts 21 rebs 4blks against Noah
Jrinc242.0::he did but he had great position and the moves were more fluid and decisive.  Hes getting there
rex_coach::He missed a lot of bunnies...
DeezBrown::Bad shooting in the first half, good team defense, and balanced attack on the offensive end.
DeezBrown::Yep Yep
Iknowaboutsports925::good sh!t.. A win is a win right?
Jrinc242.0::Hey like I said, in April the Lakers play the Grizz, Spurs, and Clippers.  The Lakers will have had another few weeks to build on what they have done over the last 22 games, Dwight should be even healthier, and Pau will be back to fix the backup center problem.  We will know after those games whether these Lakers can make a run.
Lamar267::Lakers aint going no where
Corvo Attano::make a run for what?
Jrinc242.0::Hey! Moron! I just said if they cant beat those teams in April I will concede that.  I feel sorry for your parents
Corvo Attano::make a run for what?  they're aren't going to do anything. wake up man.
Jrinc242.0::Do you lace your pot with lead paint chips?
DeezBrown::Does that mean I have to wait till then to talk trash to all these losers on the Lakers board?
Jrinc242.0::Oh, No sir.  By all means trash away.  These guys are idiots.
DeezBrown::For what its worth OKC isn't that great against playoff contending teams either. But no one hates the small market guys that's just mean.
Jrinc242.0::I hate'em and I live in Oklahoma
DeezBrown::lol
rex_coach::<b>lmao</b>
rex_coach::@Clown Attano,  you've been a member since 1/2013.  Did you have to change your screen-name due to the embarrassment of your fan hood?  That is why fools hate, they are envious of another fan...
Corvo Attano::chances of lakers making the playoffs went from impossible to very slim.  ill give you that.
Jrinc242.0::have you looked at utahs schedule???
x_Black24Mamba_x::You were once probably saying they would not make playoffs, now that they are a playoff seed your saying they should feel lucky, and the better L.A does the more different excuses you will create just to be an ignorant hater. It's sad you are on an L.A board just to troll, do you have a life?
Corvo Attano::ya sure.  doesn't change the fact that the lakers are terrible and cant beat good teams.  they should feel very lucky to even be in playoff contention.
Corvo Attano::wake me up when the lakers beat a good team for once.
beverly.pouget::I am not a hater.  Just shut up.
ruiz_luis::idiotic hater has no clue about sports.  bulls are 2-0 vs the heat without rose.  so your point of view sucks.
Rodespy::Heat and Bulls have split the two games played, with the Heat winning the last one, in Chicago by 19. Fact !!!
beverly.pouget::Like I said before, bulls 2  players are injured and Rose thinks he can't play.  They have nothing.
forthehaters::Yeah, but everyone here said "the Bulls will spank the Lakers"
forthehaters::Well everyone here said "The Bulls will spank the Lakers and send them back to under 500"
DeezBrown::So are the Lakers Corvo
Corvo Attano::bulls are terrible right now.  too injured.
x_Black24Mamba_x::Then wake up they beat OKC
Jrinc242.0::Invalid.  they are just now able to play together due to injuries always knocking either nash, pau or dwight out of the lineup.  they play the grizz, clippers, and spurs in April.  Ill revisit this then.
D12ONYA::But they're not Clippers, Spurs, OKC, or Miami. So the argument IS valid.
Corvo Attano::when's the last time they beat anybody good.  it's been 20-30 games.  this team is going nowhere but 2013 lottery
Jrinc242.0::5 point game with 4 min to play last game.... okc just closed better and were at home.  Okc is a better team right now.  but the lakers are 16-6 over the last 22 and have another 18 to build on that
x_Black24Mamba_x::They beat boston, Atlanta, Bulls... and those are all playoff teams, so your argument is invalid
DeezBrown::That's not good enough... (Sarcasm)
Corvo Attano::how about last time they played?  lakers beating all the bad teams to make the playoffs but what they going to do in the 1st round?  no more suns, bobcats, or bulls to play lol
DeezBrown::This year is already better than last year. The roller coaster ride this season has been is not for the faint of heart. I know I've been pissed at Kobe, Dwight, Pau, and Ron so much you would think I actually know these guys. But the team is together with defined roles and they almost have an identity. Next they need to incorporate more pick and rolls with Nash and Clark, Pau, and Dwight.
LALakersboy24.7::Haters a week ago: lakers wont make playoffs&nbsp; &nbsp; haters now: lakers will get eliminated 1st round&nbsp; &nbsp; haters during playoffs: lakers wont get past WCF&nbsp; &nbsp; haters after finals: REFS! DAVID STERN! WAAAAAAHHHH
Lamar267::my $@%, they could get into nthe playoffs but can they beat nuggets &gt; clippers ? okc ? spurs ?
ogacct::Not a hater, but 13 of their last 18 are against the West. At 18-21 against the West, I dont think you can judge whether they are going to make the playoffs on a few games. It's going to take more than whatever your selling to keep them in.
Jrinc242.0::LOL!  Look at who they play then look at Utah's schedule.  They will at the very least get the 8th spot.  I think they will actually wind up 6th or 7th
beverly.pouget::With what there good players are hurt or think they can't play.
forthehaters::Excuses by the Laker Hater Nation  The BULLS were suppose to spank the Lakers, and send them back to under 500 according to the nation
forthehaters::Laker Haters before the Bulls game - "Lakers are gonna get spanked. Back under 500 where you belong" Laker Haters after the Bulls game - "Lakers got lucky. The Bulls have 4 players out of the lineup, including Rose"  What's the next excuse? The Refs?
Jrinc242.0::Its too bad the haters dont actually watch the games.  The Lakers are looking better and better.  All this talk about them not beating the top teams in the west will either be validated or put to rest in April.  La plays Memphis, Clippers, and Spurs.  That will let us know if they can make a run or not.
ruiz_luis::brains up there.  the bulls are 2-0 vs the heat.  now the okc game is a fluke game?  the nets and hawks are pretty dam good teams idiot.  antother troll who knows nothing about sports
forthehaters::They actually do watch the game, yelling at their tv for the Lakers to lose. When the Lakers win, they throw the remote at the tv in disgust
beverly.pouget::I'm not a laker fan but that is not true, the lakers are not great this year but compared to the Pistons they are a good team.  I don't watch the games that much because they on so late and I have to get up early.
Jrinc242.0::this guy corvo is just a laker hating troll.. hes always on here popping off some nonsense
Corvo Attano::lakers are terrible. they couldn't beat a good team if their life depended on it
Jrinc242.0::122-103 isnt a blowout?  keep smoking there chief
Corvo Attano::OKC and Denver games were flukes we all know that.  Westbrook shot terrible and Denver game was not a blowout.  Look at their last matchups with them, they dominated the Lakers.  Bulls are injured and Roseless so doesn't really count.  the nets and hawks are not good teams. not sure what u guys are smoking but please pass it over here
Jrinc242.0::LOL @ you.  They beat Okc in LA, and OKC is more  than a "good team"  the just beat a good Bulls team and the swept a good Nets team.  They beat a good Hawks team.  They have a blowout win against Denver.
x_Black24Mamba_x::I gues OKC is not a good team then
rex_coach::<b>Lmao</b>
rex_coach::<b>True</b>
swooshfiend::I hope when Gasol comes back that he doesn't screw up the chemistry they have. A first round exit is for sure, but making the playoffs would be an achievement at this point.
Corvo Attano::i really hate the lakers.  I am really sad that they are the 8th seed now.  hopefully they start losing again, rest assured they will, but if they don't it will be fun seeing them get embarrassed in the 1st round
rex_coach::<b>It will be fun? You've been miserable this century then?</b>
jacques1313::Truth.  Everyone wants to say LAL are playing lights out now, but they're only 3-4 against teams with winning records in their last 7.
rex_coach::<b>If you say so...  He's had an amazing career and you naysayers can't stand it!  &amp; I thank you all for pushing into the Kobe corner.  I haven't always been a fan of the guy as a Laker fan.  Thanks again.. ;)</b>
Corvo Attano::kobe will either shoot the lakers into the playoffs or out of the playoffs.
rex_coach::<b>ok...  What ever you say...  If you truly want to be educated regarding the Lakers, watch more than just the boxscore and trust me, you will be FORCED to change what you write... #justsayin    p.s. 50 plus assists over the last 5 is doing more than JACKING up all kinds of shots...  But you didn't hear that from me....</b>
jacques1313::I never said why they aren't playing well.  It's because of all the injuries, the bad schedule makers, Gasol's fragility, and never getting any calls from the refs.  Kobe has put this team on his back by jacking up all kinds of shots, so it's definitely not his fault.
rex_coach::<b>You truly don't get this sport, do you?  smh</b>
David722249::Ok want a laker hater posting: Lakers have no draft choices are up against the cap, don't have enough athletes to truly compete for a title, have a coach who is not the right fit for this team, and are run by that idiot little jimmy buss. Does that satisfy those looking for Laker hate?
rex_coach::This past has a couple of facts in it.  This can't be hate bro.  Try again...
David722249::It's not amazing. It's basketball. Have some perspective. My comments are based on 1) the pre-season hype 2) the expectations of a once proud franchise that no longer has any basis in reality.
rex_coach::<b>Any sensible person can see that what the Lakers have accomplished so far it amazing.  If you truly understand basketball, you know that you just can't roll the ball out there and expect to be elite.  Then a coaching change.  I go through roster changes year in and year out as an AAU coach.  We typically don't get our shi.t together until the 6th or 7th tournament...  That isn't an excuse it is a very frustrating FACT...  </b>
David722249::Guess I am not hating enough by posting "some" facts. How about: myopic Laker fan tends to ignore facts and typically respond by talking about how good the Lakers used to be.
I Drink Vino For Breakfast::The team that is really playing Championship ball right now is the Miami Heat.  I don't know who could beat those guys.
rex_coach::Hopefully they haven't peaked too soon...
