so3icy::Dwight completely dominated the game tonight against the Pacers, which is more of what he should do rather than demanding a trade.  If he plays at this level consistently, a trade wouldn't be necessary to increase his chance of winning a championship.  Read more here: http://thenaykedtruth.blogspot.com/2012/03/dwight-howard-chronicles-why-staying-in.html
World Champs t y Dirk::Howard,  Our plan is working out just like we said it would.    See ya soon, Cubes
JNK17::two rebounds Hibbert.. really?
Matthew67533::J.J. Redick is really stepping up for Orlando this year
openminded43::If Hibbert is the 2nd best Center in the east, then there's a HUGE GAP from the #1!!!
CandySparker::Howard Lotta Love!
BrutusDAFL::Loss to Miami. Loss to Orlando. We welcome you back to Florida anytime Indiana. :)
pie-express::I wonder why the heat had so much trouble.
MAXIMUMTROLL::Indiana sucking yet again...
njchaingang::Dwight Howard isnt even any good... all he does is dunk. he shots from within 5 feet of the net... yeah he shouldnt miss.
Magicmike321::Is that why every team in the league wants him so bad??  You're a $@%!$@%
_MagiCanes_::Well then I guess he must be good since no one else does it. Some people are just MORONS.
kennethgreen74::Where's he supposed to shot from, He's 7 ft duh!!!
Gatorboy001::JJ flourished in a starting role. I say start JJ from now on, move J-Rich to the 3 and have Hedo be the first guy off the bench. Hedo won't be happy at all, but you don't have much to lose at this point. Hedo looked great to start the season, but he's pretty much a moot point now. Orlando looking pretty good right now.
DTangMF::JRich cant defend any shooting guard, i thiink he will be eaten alive at the small forward spot
yorkdoggto::dwight demanded orlando trade for nash, and apparently ther close to a deal.... rest of the league better watch out http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
Slight_Coward::This doesn't seem very credible. Would be nice though.
Lenny Dome::Shorthanded 2 starters and still kicked $@%! Nice to see Duhon getting some more reps in too.
Jhn7537::Is he staying or is he going??? The deadline is making me nervous and im not even a Magic fan... This has to be killing you guys
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::only 2 more days I would trade him if he doesnt want to stay take the ''David Lee and Monta Ellis DEAL''  I said to do that trade before it was even a rumor so IDK if it even real
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::Im not sure I think they might have to so the contracts match up. it would be good if they could get Ekpe Udou back if they have too include Turk
Jhn7537::that would be a hell of a pick up if you can get that.... I like Monta I just think he is overlooked because he plays in GS and Lee is a solid double double guy.... I wonder if you would get draft picks in return too.... Do they need to take the Turk contract?
Giggity.iggity::"How the hell was Roy Hibbert my backup in the ASG?"  - Dwight Howard
HateBrass::Another loss by Larry Bird's pacers makes me happy.  Go Magic!
Rhitson88::"Dwight Howard lifts short-handed Magic by Pacers".......Thats funny because I saw a few other guys on the Magic making plays and puttin up numbers. Like JJ Reddick with a career high in assists to get Howard to 30 points. But its all good, Orlando has "no assets" according to ESPN mmhmm.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::It's always the same if the Magic win and Dwight has bad game it has to be paranormal actvity
CamGoingHAM::Dwight countdown is on ..........
JakeSalty40::whats the Dwight countdown?
KENNY-----------POWERS::we may have a shot to catch Mia for the #2 seed and the division...
KENNY-----------POWERS::that Charlotte loss may have been somewhat of a turning point...
Alex Bader::Hypothetically, if the Magic make it to the Eastern Conference Finals, will D12 stay?
Rhitson88::Well of course the Magic are gonna give him a max contract. I think right now as it stands its a 50-50 shot. If they make it to the ECF it would raise the chances very high. But didn't we just go to the Finals in 2009??? Last time I checked that was FARTHER than the ECF.
111Mauricejonesdrew111::i beleive it be 80-20 him staying if we make it to ECF and if the magic offer a monster deal to keep him
cocopufty::I don't care what anyone says, only D12 can get away with playing &gt; 3 in the key with no calls. Every game, all the time. Just watch and count.  It is too funny.
iownamicrowave::You are 100% correct, magic fans will deny. Until Dwight plays for the Lakers .  I can't imagine the best player on my team not wanting to be there.
hyperk1d::You kidding me players camp in the key all the time.
Magicmike321::He clearly doesn't watch basketball
THA TRUTH 365::I DONT' CARE WHAT ANYONE SAYS; BESIDES LEBRON, HOWARD IS ONE OF THE MOST COMPLETE PLAYERS. EVERY GAME THEY BOTH FILL UP THE STAT SHEETS.
vinvin48::Dwight to be traded? http://waiverwireblog.com/2012/03/01/nba-players-who-could-be-on-the-move/
DTangMF::Our bench is good, they just need more playing time.
mjedwards95::Good win Magic on to the next game. Our mission: Keep D12
Chris Berman Wrote A Whole Song About Me::The Magic are the Gods of men.
blackzilla24::Voila magic
earlealston::FINALLY D12 playing on Prime-Shaq level (finally starting to realize when he gets the ball down low, no one can stop him, without fouling at least)....If he keeps this up, he could make a strong case for MVP and maybe even scoring champion.
cocopufty::Did Shaq also park his butt in the key with no calls against him for &gt; 3 in the key? If so, than yeah, D12 is on his level.
hyperk1d::Yep he did it all the time.
joshuaizme::Am I seeing things or did the Orlando Magic just allow Tyler Hansbrough to score more than 10 points???? And they still won????
JakeSalty40::did West get hurt?
111Mauricejonesdrew111::Hansbrough scored in garbage time which was pretty much the whole 4th quarter
JakeSalty40::What's up with David West only playing 15 minutes and scoring 2 points and 3 rebs? did he get hurt?
NolanisaBoss::MAGIC ALL DA WAAYYYYY!
patrickoreilly08::Glen Davis dances better than he plays basketball.....i know, it really doesnt say much..
Spursdc::The Pacers beat the teams they suppose to beat and lose to the teams they suppose to lose to
iownamicrowave::oh like the lakers, bulls, mavs, MAGIC, Boston, etc etc
HoofiusRex::Still a lot better than last year when we barely made the playoffs and the Heat needed a buzzer beater to get us last night. We're getting better. All you can ask for.
bushwild11::Dwight Howard on Sun Sports talking about the win and the trade deadline http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odAal73vo9E&amp;feature=channel
Spursdc::whats to like
b.ball_player28::hedo should be a 6th man for this team
Hasan1625::no JJ should start... -______-
GOGETTA10MIL::CANT SEE THAT UNLESS SVG FELT WE NEEDED SOME PUNCH OFF THE BENCH
111Mauricejonesdrew111::yes clark should start
Saints Dynamite::Dwight &gt; All
iownamicrowave::and soon he wont be a magic.
cocopufty::Yeah, for no calls against him for &gt; 3 in the key.   Just watch and count people.
GOGETTA10MIL::WE JUST HANDIDLY BEAT ONE OF THE BETTER TEAMS IN THE EAST WITHOUT 2 STARTERS
iownamicrowave::they only beat the lakers, the magic, the hawks, the bulls, the mavs, etc etc ... almost beat miami yesterday.
RICH GREEN21::THE PACERS SUCK THEY R NOT ONE OF THE EAST GOOD TEAMS THEY CANT BEAT THE GOOD TEAMS CHECK THE STATS
MAXIMUMTROLL::Agreed. Pacers suck.
b.ball_player28::#MagicNation
plano1984::3rd in the east for maybe 3 days....orlando will get on a loosing streak,there know for that there like a lotto ticket you just dont know what u are going to get just like all teams in the east besides chicago and miami!!
ChazPon::What a long a completely useless thread started by a pathetic lifeless troll.
plano1984::Yeah he needs to stop doing that crap,running his month when u are loosing just is stupid but he was frustrated witch i understand i played basketball myself and it is hard sometimes but you gotta be smart but yeah hes young.anyway hes a good player but i kinda dont like him cause of were he came from nc. did you see the game he played in at the miami game the crowed was booing him,thats harsh to swallow,and you see even in that miami match up the could of won they just gotta find a way to finish games
patrickoreilly08::i agree they have potential, but only on nights that Tyler Hansborough doesn't act like a 6 year-old. Dwight would of murdered him...i dont know what he was thinking when he started talking trash to him.
plano1984::yeah,i understand that i was just saying we caint really determin wats gunna happen,but the pacers should get credit for being were they are cause if u look it up u will see that the pacers are the 2nd youngest team in the nba.
patrickoreilly08::the magic were 26-15 and the pacers were 23-15 coming into tonight. we've played more games but we've still beat this trash team 3 out of 4 times #Hansboroughisatool
plano1984::that and losses really!! it dosent matter that your third dose it no cause we all know that the only good teams in the east are miami and chicago one of them are the only two teams i could bet on to win all the other teams right now in the east for the seeding in the playoffs are up in the air,none of these teams have proven nothing,lets be honest here to be talking $@%! to me cause your lil team orlando is 3rd dosent mean nothing to me for all we know whos to say they will stay there long they have lost 15 pacers lost 16 bucks i think 21 so there all right there in a battle so yeah anything is possible! so keep saying like your team is awsome but think about what your saying cause the east is up in the air your team could loose 3 games in a row and be in 7th or 8th so yeah
plano1984::you guys are retarted it gose by losses not wins,trust me i know!!
zerkcs::$@%!$@%! is spelled with a /d/ in American English.
b.ball_player28::TRUST ME BROOO IM SOO COOL.
b.ball_player28::LOOOOOOOOL really? last time i check it goes by winning percentage
nickmerlin420::We beat both the teams that are ahead of us. And play them again next week. We are the most underrated team in the league. Dwight over powers every team. Aslong as we have him we can beat anybody on any given night
b.ball_player28::get out of here white boy
plano1984::yeah tied with the pacers till tonight,correct me if iam wrong but we had the same record coming into this game so yeah how could they of bro so no idt so.
plano1984::they were tied u idiot why dont u take your $@% to the nba site and do some researh
plano1984::thank you
sharar09::they were actually tied in the loss column, so until the pacers play a few more games, we wont know
b.ball_player28::pacers are behind 3.5 games...i dont know how u said they were tied.
111Mauricejonesdrew111::your wrong
b.ball_player28::they werent tied u idiot.
venerican1::why do u care about the magic so much? get of our page
111Mauricejonesdrew111::im white but whatever
plano1984::i did and $@%! iam hansome!!
b.ball_player28::ahahahha pure white boy problem...ahahaha
venerican1::$@%! face? look at ur self in the mirror idiot
plano1984::know one asked u $@%! face!!
111Mauricejonesdrew111::so yeah and anyways no one wants you here you bash both the teams playing troll
111Mauricejonesdrew111::oh no my feelings are so hurt i was wrong
plano1984::congrats cause u did but its ok we understand your problem
111Mauricejonesdrew111::i was unsure if we were more than 2 and i didnt want to make an idiot out of myself
b.ball_player28::more than 2 weeks i think
111Mauricejonesdrew111::theyve been third in the east for almost 2 weeks
TacoShopPimpin::The Magic looked great today wish we could still trade for someone like Steve Nash or at least a good backup PG like JJ Barea or Mo Williams and i hope that we can get J-Rich and Jameer going that will be the key for the playoffs if we want to make some noise!!!
Fortheloveofthisgame::Not worth putting much stock in the reg season, especially when it is compact.  Both of these teams are good and will give the top 2 seeds a run for their money.  Great win Orlando, but remember, Indiana had a tough overtime loss last night.  Just like when you beat a short hand bulls team the night after a tough win against the Bucks.  Not taking anything away, but honestly, the playoffs will be the real determinant.  Just like the last lock out season.
cameronporch::remember Orlando played without Hedo and J-Rich tonight too...
111Mauricejonesdrew111::were better without hedo
venerican1::we've pretty much dominated the pacers all year
RICH GREEN21::YEAH BECAUSE THE PACERS SUCK
b.ball_player28::The whole team of MAGIC is built around Dwight. if dwight leaves, having four 3pt shooters on the floor is useless
jahmarcusRuss2::its time to move on from collison
b.ball_player28::honestly...i think celtics and knicks have the slightest chance of even beating miami or chicago
dnoonan2::if otis can bring dwill D12 stays
dnoonan2::hit enter 2 early  gotta build around them + reddick
dnoonan2::its gotta be SVG, D12, dwill, anderson`
eblango::very
venerican1::impossible
b.ball_player28::if magic can make it to the east finals. ill bet dwight stays!
eblango::we could rename Orlando to Dwight Howard City and I still dont think he would stay. I still dont understand why he's said he wants to be traded
Slight_Coward::It'll be tough but if the Magic get hot they can make the ECF... The Bulls kind of remind me of the the Lebron led Cavs.. Deng is the key..If he's hurt the Bulls are ripe for an upset.
KENNY-----------POWERS::thats what i figured it would take..or atleast get him to not opt out after this yr
KENNY-----------POWERS::got the best pitching staff in my fantasy baseball league...
KENNY-----------POWERS::Halladay , Lee, Kennedy, Papelbon, Bell, Jackson and Clippard...
Slight_Coward::Weak
KENNY-----------POWERS::its an NL only league
Slight_Coward::So that means you have Shields,Price,Hellickson and Moore huh?
Slight_Coward::Give us the Pacers in the 1st round!!!
nickmerlin420::The knicks may not get in. They cant win with carmelo shooting 5-22. they were better when he was injured.hahahahahahahaha they suck. go magic
venerican1::we aren't facing knicks anyways lol
b.ball_player28::im just saying...celtics and knicks are dangerous team if they get hot.
Slight_Coward::Knicks ain't sh*t
b.ball_player28::i rather face philly, pacers or hawks than celtics or knicks in the 1st round.
madness-is-here::Magic got lucky granger ran out of time....yeah right
MagicBoltzRays::Final score does not indicate how badly the Magic destroyed the pacers tonight.
RICH GREEN21::TELL ME BOUT IT THIS GAME WAS OVER N THE 1ST QUARTER!
b.ball_player28::the +/- of reddick does
