whodatfansince87::Can't trust California players when playing against a california team, just like when we had ariza
pastelpaul::Check out the length of Davis' arms on that photo! No wonder it would tough get by him on a drive!
tlj1022::Okay, i'm going to say it. Some stats are so overrated. A big can get 10 rebounds off of 10 meaningless missed free throws. And, a guy can get 6 assists just from running the offense and giving the ball to the obvious guy who's open. Seriously, there are some guys who battle on the boards and we know without a doubt that they are good rebounders, and have a knack for the ball. And, there are guys who create assists with good playmaking. Honestly, is it really that impressive for Rondo or Paul to avg. 10 assists with the way they dominate the ball? In reality, they should avg. 15-20 assist per night.
ALL THE TIMBERWOLVES ARE WHITE::until a healthy andrew bogut is playing, whenever that may or may not be, i'm going to reserve judgement on the warriors misleading record for now.
tlj1022::How is their record misleading?
tlj1022::The Hornets are a prime example of what's wrong with the NBA. They actually have the potential to be a good team, but all of that hinges on resigning Eric Gordon, which I don't think is going to happen. No other free agent is going to want to come there, and then it's just a matter of guys waiting until their contract is up to move on.
ltdee1970::what the f u c k wrong with you!?!?!? what is wrong with the NBA is they too much time kissing lebron or kobe $@% and not enough time leveling the playing field
HK-47.1::Whats wrong with the NBA is the talent overall is very lack luster,
NYC HALAL FOOD::I can see Davis taking the ROTY award away from Lillard in two-three  weeks with numbers like those
darren23nola::Absolutely AD23 is gonna take the award
tlj1022::Not going to happen! Lillard is a stud. If they both had started off equally, then maybe, but there's no way with the way Lillard is playing now.
Juwansumonis10::Defense would of been so much better if Lee was in...oh wait...LOL
tlj1022::That's very sad! But I can't argue with you.
HK-47.1::Rebounding would be better that's for sure. Lee also is a better defender then Landry.
itsover2222::where are the haters who were saying austin rivers was a bust?  the chap had 8 points on over 50pct shooting tonight
jakesteeley::Austin will play better when he grows up and plays for another team for a few years 2nd stringing behind somebody good
dwighthowardsamazing::I don't think we will give up on him anytime soon he should be here a while
kendrickhollins_504_NOLA::Good game Warriors. I went to go get beignets from Cafe Du Monde and we lose lol
dwighthowardsamazing::It was a great game my favorite player Jarrett jack had a great game it was back and forth the whole night it was probably the best game I've seen this season rivers contributed and didn't play like crap the only thing that would have made it Better is a win for the bees... I didn't want it to end I wanted overtime hell I was greedy and wanted multiple overtimes
Rondo would beat up RIP Hamilton::Hey Warriors fans, remember that blowout on Wednesday against the Heat? LOL I'm sure yall do. Get owned, scrubs.
derek_510::dude how sad is the O.P. for posting this comment
HK-47.1::Feeling pathetic of late? Did Bogut plow your girl and grimaced while in the act?
Hoops Sharpie::The Pelicans need new uniforms, a new coaching staff, new scouts, a new arena, and a new city.  If they can't do that all, they'll just get moved or deleted completely by the league.
Aron3411::Austin rivers isn't a great pick for 10th. But other then that ur right
fhsdawgs377::the uniforms we have are relatively new, monty williams is the best young coach in the NBA, our scouts gave us two great picks in the first round, our arena is fine and should get a sponsor soon, and new orleans is one of the best cities in the country
CamOverRG3::Warriors rely too much on run and gun offense,they will be swept in the playoffs
BayAreaSportsFan16::last time we made the playoffs with run and gun offense we beat the 67 win mavs
murdermeeks::.
HK-47.1::Record says other wise, but heck since you got the crystal ball might as well go with you right?
WarriorsWarrior::cool.
WarriorsWarrior::No lee no bogut no rush! ON THE ROAD ON A BACK TO BACK!  Good job Mark!
Hoops Sharpie::Relax guy, they only beat the Hornets.. the second worst team in the league, a complete and utter disaster of the highest order.
ltdee1970::they have the second worst record but they are NOT the 2nd worst team  . DUMA$$!!! P.S. NBA FANS LIKE YOU IS WHY LIN WAS ALL MOST AN NBA ALLSTAR STARTER. HOOPS SHARPIE GO FU CK YOURSELF
HK-47.1::Needs to utilize his bench more, i get the fact missing Lee and Bogut hurts, however everyone here in the bay wants to brag about the bench when its really only 2 players deep it seems.
murdermeeks::So happy that Steph is playing again. We can't break 80 pts without him.
dwighthowardsamazing::But with him Yall can't score under 95
derek_510::definitely not true at all
HK-47.1::Really though Jackson needs to play more Barnes and run more plays through him. Waste of a talented player.
tlj1022::In your opinion, why do you think Jackson doesn't give him more minutes? And where does he play? I'm pretty sure Coach Jackson goes small quite often with Curry, Jack, Landry, and Lee.  If they need scoring, the 5th guy is Klay. If they need defense and rebounding, the 5th guy is Green. Eventually, when Coach starts to trust the Rookie Barnes a little more, then he can actually rest Curry in those situations and still get offense. I like Harrison a lot, and he's coming along nicely, but he's still not quite ready on a consistent basis for crunch time minutes. To be honest, Klay's not ready either, and if Rush we're healthy, you'd see a lot more of him down the stretch, too.
murdermeeks::Barnes isn't ready mentally to step up in that way. He's got all the gifts though to be scary in a few years though.
HK-47.1::I'm sorry, but how can you say that? every time the guy gets the opportunity he shines. Tonight he was only able to take two shots..
Hoops Sharpie::The Hornets are absolutely pathetic.  Worst collection of guards in the league, simply atrocious.  Play zero defense.
fhsdawgs377::uhhh??? are you really that $@%!$@% stupid, we won 6 of our last 8, vasquez is third in the league in assists with rondo and paul, gordon isnt 100% and would have played on the olympic team if it wasnt for his knee, mason shoots lights out, plus gordon creates his own shot all the time !$@%!$@, the dude can blow past anyone hes quick as hell, youve got to be the stupidest fuckkkkk on this page
HK-47.1::Must be feeling pathetic if you're here trolling the Hornets. Did UBrow sleep with your gf/wife?
Hoops Sharpie::What makes me a jerk? For telling the truth?   Come on man, grow up.
murdermeeks::Hoops is a jerk but he's right. Brow is the only defensive minded player on that team and he needs to get way stronger. I like their chances after one more lottery pick.
GEAUX SEC OR GEAUX HOME::You obviously know nothing about the hornets. First of all we are a defensive minded team. Eric Gordon is a stud and Greives should win most improved player
dwighthowardsamazing::Most pathetic defensive team in the league??????? 9th in the league in points allowed
Hoops Sharpie::lmfao at defensive minded team.  the most pathetic defensive team in the game in fact.
ewillats::worst collection of guards? no way.
ltdee1970::Hoops Sharpie - um yes way.  vasquez is absolutely the slowest and most pathetic defender imaginable and he also has horrible vision.  gordon is so overpaid it's hilarious. absolute turn over machine and ball hog, can not create his own shot.  mason, don't even make me laugh.  might as well play rivers, at least he can dribble as is quick.  YOU MAKE ME LAUGH!!! NO CLUE.
Danamarie83::It's so clear to see that Eric Gordon isn't 100%. He's dragging around his knee. There's no way in hell Klay Thompson could defend a healthy Gordon like that.
Hoops Sharpie::um yes way.  vasquez is absolutely the slowest and most pathetic defender imaginable and he also has horrible vision.  gordon is so overpaid it's hilarious. absolute turn over machine and ball hog, can not create his own shot.  mason, don't even make me laugh.  might as well play rivers, at least he can dribble as is quick.
huntff08::I gotta say, I wish we would play the warriors everynight. You warrior fans are great people.
dwighthowardsamazing::I know and the timberwolves their fans are pretty classy too
Danamarie83::Austin Rivers looked good tonight. Confident, quick and decisive off of the dribble. He actually finished well at the rim.
HK-47.1::Dubs need to take this time and get healthy. Missing Curry for a few and now Lee hurts when you're already missing Bogut and Rush.
mrkennedy23::It's the Warrior curse.  What can you do about it?
HK-47.1::I know.. but I'm still a sucker.. I just imagine if this team can get Bogut 20 games before the playoffs, i like our chances.
FSoccer::The Hornets will get there. They are a piece or 2 away from being legit contenders. Demps needs to stay the course, have a good draft, and let this team develop.
xuscbs::Good game Hornets, you have a good future!
aarongb25::davis the real deal
mrkennedy23::The free throws say otherwise, but yeah pretty good game from him.
Danamarie83::The  missed free-throws and the late turnovers definitely hurt, but the Hornets didn't defend this game. They gave up 30+ points every quarter, except the 3rd.
GEAUX SEC OR GEAUX HOME::His free-throws tonight were just uncanny tonight. He is a 75% free-throw shooter for the season. The free-throws and Gordons late game turnover cost us the game.
Danamarie83::Missed free-throws for the Hornets cost them the game.
saintsmaniac1::Hate to say it but smith needs to go. He can't rebound well for a 7 footer, takes to many shots, doesn't play good D, and has to many TO's. and Vasquez needs to be handling the ball at the end of games. He can make his own shot and make the pass if necessary.
Omg its Darius::And fouls every play
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::Klay Thompson's 3's &gt; Ray Allen's 3's =-O =-O     ;)
Danamarie83::Thompson was in Miami with Ray Allen the entire 2nd half
jpks11x::Are they tanking this year or why the fck were they not playign D
jpks11x::You mean Hornets lost to the REFS they shot 12 more FTS and Hornets fckin 50% wtf?
FSoccer::We just lost to a better team tonight
the 1racer::it was mainly the first half. definitely not tanking
FSoccer::The good news, Davis will be a beast when he is finished growing
jpks11x::I didnt watch the game but were they trying to lose?
mrkennedy23::It looked like it in the last two possessions.
Barry660314::On to the kings hornet fans. We will kill them haha
mrkennedy23::Warriors can't seem to beat that team.  I hope you destroy them.
RickeyHenderson2008::just surviving january in 5th would be awesome  wtg warriors
mistersquare::Jason Smith blows.  Eric Gordon choked in clutch time.  Unibrow uncharacteristically missed a lot of FT's.... I say tank the rest of the season and try and get a high draft pick.  Not making the playoffs this year so build for the future.
Cbowzer::Everyone knows the #1 overall is going to Seattle and/or the Lakers if they miss the playoffs. NO already had their lottery fix, it's someone else's turn.
Danamarie83::The Lakers won't get their first round pick this year. It goes to the Suns
SFWildcard::3rd pick at the most
Cbowzer::WTF box score people, would you fix Gordon's first steal? It was Aminu's and my fantasy week depends on it!
dwighthowardsamazing::No it was Vasquez's and mine depends on it
Uncle-Drew::dont fpul
jpks11x::Pretty funny Vegas got raped
Uncle-Drew::need NO to score for my bet
FSoccer::gg Warriors
WarriorsWarrior::GOOD GAME NEW ORLEANS  YOU ARE GOOD FANS
Danamarie83::Smh the Hornets gave Jack away for a bag of doritos
BayAreaSportsFan16::bring on the clips!
thejrichshow1::hornets played good lot of young talent, def a team of the future
Barry660314::GG warriors
the 1racer::if you guys lose to atlanta I will kill you all! hahahah
SFWildcard::Ill kill myself if they lose
BayAreaSportsFan16::road warriors!
westcoast8691::Pelicans: Why did we let Jack &amp; Landry go....
oaklandfan8891::good game hornets good luck rest of the way, you guys are a dangerous team
Nucleus88::Man, Hornets are going to be tough going forward, crazy how good and tough the West is going to be
SB4LlFE::yup, they'll be really good in 2 years time
SFWildcard::49ers will be at New Orleans 2 weeks from now
the 1racer::hopefully!
BayAreaSportsFan16::under 100% curry, no lee, no problem
Danamarie83::You guys gave up a 16 point lead lol and outscored 32 to 18 in the 3rd.
773terry::Had won threw it away
