LeBron James is Da GOAT::good win
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Beast game by Durant.
NYTonyP.::How ironic, pivotal win the old Sonics beating the new Sonics.  Go figure!
RUMBLE okc 0::do we want the jazz or the lakers first round?
Marvin Oreste::Considering that it's the playoffs, you want to play the team thats gonna make you better.
Oklahoman2424::Lakers. Without Kobe, that will be an easy 4-0 sweep.
PVN24::Unfortunately the NBA is somewhat predictable, I'm sure most fans are anticipating a Heat-Thunder finals rematch
kitastrophy34::Time to skeet skeet on the Lakers!
NFLMAN20102010::Its too bad none of this matters...no team will beat the HEAT this year....and I am a HEAT HATER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Marvin Oreste::Good thing you aren't an ignorant Heat Hater.
The Destroyer Flacco Contract::Ha, Laker fans don't like this news. I hope the Lakers make playoffs as the 8th seed. Its going be  highly entertaining to me an all laker haters.
Go_Sounders::Fact: Seattle will win an NBA Title before the Thunder do.
Sonic_Sooner::Is Wally Walker gonna be the GM in Seattle?  My money's on the Thunder.
NCOKOH90Thunder::Ya seatle did already win a title so ya ur right now the thunder can get 1 this year
KDisNotNice35::Yeah on NBA 2k15
gordontrue::- Thunder - Locked in #1  - Spurs - Locked in #2  - Denver - Current #3, Fall to #4 if they lose to Suns AND Clippers beat Blazers and Kings  - Clippers - Current #4, Rise to #3 if they beat Blazers and Kings AND Nuggets lose to Suns. Clinch home court advantage in round 1 with 2 wins or a Memphis loss. Would keep 4 seed, but lose home court advantage to 5 seed with a Memphis win over Utah AND a loss to either Blazers or Kings.  - Memphis - Locked in #5. Could get home court advantage (despite the 5 seed) with a win over Jazz AND a Clipper loss to either the Blazers or the Kings.  - Warriors - Current #6, Fall to #7 with a loss to Blazers AND a Rockets win over Lakers  - Rockets - Current #7, Rise to #6 with win over Lakers AND a Warriors loss to Blazers, Fall to #8 with a loss to Lakers  - Lakers - Current #8, Rise to #7 with a win over Rockets, Fall to #8 with a loss to Rockets AND a Memphis win over Utah, Fall out of playoffs with a loss to Rockets AND a Utah win over Memphis  - Utah - Currently out of playoffs, Rise to #8 with a win over Grizzles, and a Lakers loss to Rockets
Sonic_Sooner::That's great info.  THANKS!
tony_r27::The best defense for Kevin Durant is Russel Westbrook... This is becasue Westbrook is a chucker who looks like a ninja turtle.
Sonic_Sooner::Yes, that's why Russell Westbrook is #6 in the NBA in assists.
radioguy2k::I never want to see this garbage again:  "It was the 60th win for the franchise, which last accomplished the feat 15 years ago in Seattle. The team hasn't been the top seed in the West since 1996, when the SuperSonics went to the NBA Finals before losing to Michael Jordan's Bulls."  No, the Thunder began play in 2008.  Charles Barkley was right, you can NOT take another cities history, no matter what the legalities are.
NYTonyP.::Thunder Will always be Seattles... You guys don't deserve anything.
NYTonyP.::Don't mind my jealousy.  I've just been watching my team $@%! bricks for the past few decades.  I'm jealous you guys got there in 5 years :'(
Westjag::I agree. Respect for Seattle, but I don't want their history with our team, respectfully.
12thmanSuperSonics::Good to see class from you guys
KDisNotNice35::Exactly, we don't care for the history of Seattle and wish they quit saying the last time etc.
jas_surfing1::Jimmer Fredette and Adam Morrison are two of the worst draft picks ever as they where super-hyped.  Right on White America!!!!
Slimjimzv::It's odd that Jose Calderon never gets mentioned in the 50-40-90 club.
Claeton82::Could it be because he hasn't done it.
nsmithNYC::He has done it. So, no.
16Lakers18::need 70 pts next game KD to win scoring title.
Stone_Cold96::Got nothing against Westbrook, I'm just stating the obvious, he like to get his points, so Durant prob won't get 70. That, and Brooks is prob gonna rest him so he'll be ready for the playoffs.
Marvin Oreste::I think he is number 2 PG. in the NBA. Chris Paul is number one.
Stone_Cold96::Assuming Westbrook will allow him to get the ball enough to get 70 points.
Claeton82::Why wouldn't he. That game is a wash. I would be surprised if either of them play. But I see your just a Westbrook hater. Yet he is the number one pg in the NBA.
I go straight to the comments::<b>congrats to OKC bad news for the Lakers<b></b></b>
hillbillymokes::Free Jimmer
sfpaper::So he can marry Tebow.
souptwins::He's already married to a very hot blonde WOMAN-- you dork!
Calvin9299::Its going to come down to OKC and SA in the west. No different than last year. Being a Knicks fan I'm holding out a measure of hope, but realistically Miami will very likely go back to the finals.   I suppose if I get disappointed, another replay of last year will still be a good watch.
Marvin Oreste::Finals Match Up: Miami-Denver or Knicks-Thunder.
Shackdaddy16::Thunder?
Claeton82::Spurs will not see the WCF, it will be the Clippers, Memphis, or Denver. Spurs are finished to old to hurt.
The Kingdom of Tondo::Excellent write up by Sam Smith (longtime NBA writer, author of The Jordan Rules) about why Durant is so low on his official MVP ballot:  <i>"The rest of my ballot is Chris Paul, Carmelo Anthony, Kobe Bryant and Kevin Durant. The obvious disorder is Kevin Durant. It has nothing to do with his stupid throat cutting gesture for which the NBA fined him, but stepping back so much to allow Russell Westbrook to get so much out of control. I know Durant has cut back his shots and done more, the view being that is more team oriented. But I see him less playmaker than being unable to offset Westbrook. Durant is such an amazing talent, sometimes you have to do more like Michael Jordan did and LeBron James finally understood last playoffs. Thus he got the title over Durant. The Thunder has evolved into a talented but often selfish team with Durant and Westbrook taking turns throwing themselves at the defense. They are fabulous talents, but it’s been a disappointment to see Durant cede so much team discipline. I know Durant’s across the board numbers are better, he is on the way to a historic shooting season and his team leads the West. It’s virtually an MVP winner case. But he should be the best scorer in the game and an unstoppable figure, and he helps stop himself too often. MVPs are not complementary stars. When Larry Bird was MVP he was a team player, but he was the team star. It’s tough to tell what’s going on with the Thunder."</i>  http://www.nba.com/bulls/news/smith_130415.html
Marvin Oreste::You have a point, but it isn't KD's fault. To me it all falls on Scott Brooks.
ThunderUpUNCPokes::lol
Slimjimzv::What a moron.  I guess 60 wins and best record in the west isn't enough to shut people up.
Claeton82::This is why guys like this should not have a vote. Smh what a homer.
ThunderHornz::An earthquake? Really?  Kings, I hope Evan's is ok and that you keep your team. Best to you all!
ThunderFresh::hope Tyreke is okay
Ric3524::wow what a bull $@%! technical on Westbrook...
Westjag::Then  course First Take blows it out of proportion
ThunderHornz::Seen many guys bounce the ball hard like that-only Russ gets the T.......
Ross0622::Nice Kings, keep on losing!  I prefer some good draft picks when you move to Seattle!
Streets of Gold::I don't think so; the Kings will stay in Sacramento.  Keep on supporting your Seahawks &amp; Mariners.
Claeton82::To bad if Seattle gets a team they will still suck. It's very rare to do what the Thunder have done. It will not happen twice in one decade. When's it's been decades since its happened. Oh and them sucking will be what Seattle fans deserve for all them being such cry babies.
NASH_10::Thanks to Suns beating Houston tonight, once the Lakeshow wins on Wed (at home vs Houston), Rockets will drop to 8th seed and Lakeshow up to # 7. LOL Pop thought he was being smart tanking tonight's game to give OKC the top seed and avoiding Lakeshow LOL :)
sfpaper::You are right. Everyone is running scared of the Lakers. Lakeshow Lakeshow Lakeshow. Fuuny if those losers miss the playoffs altogether and get to think about the draft picks they don't have for the next two months.
ThunderHornz::That would be hilarious!
Myles Bennett Dyson::Brewer has only played in a couple of games for us, but he seems like a beast on the boards (for a guard anyway).
Lbj136MiamiHeat::Didn't see the game, but judging by the stat line KD had a great game.  Also y didn't Perkins play?
gasoline417::As a heat fan you must love Perkins haha Miami destroys OKC with him out there
Westjag::Yea you guys do. Just a bad matchup for Big Perk. All I have to say is don't let brooks figure it out, because once he does heat will never get another ship again.
gasoline417::strained hamstring. prob just resting before playoffs. Al;so Martin, Fisher were both inactive
Lbj136MiamiHeat::O okay thanks
KDisNotNice35::They should let Durant aim for the scoring title so that d-bag Melo can't get it.  He's the only person worried about the scoring title while his team loses.  Smh 30 shots a game even when J.R is shooting better than him.
Marvin Oreste::Melo should just play like him. Though more assist won't hurt.
Westjag::You're right he does shoot more than KD. And STILL avg 8 assists with Durant STILL getting his . No comparison between melo and Russ .
luckyzac00::same could be said about the durant/westbrook combo.  russ will quite often shoot more times than KD
Claeton82::Yet russel will make a bunch of his shots.
mikestacy007::This is what Seattle gets to look forward to.  Our old awesome team, that will never come back, thumps our future crappy team that will take years and years of drubbing.  Yippeee.
MKDEVI::Suck it
Claeton82::Why you mad.  He is right.
Impeccable007::Russell Westbrook = DPOY, he stops Durant from scoring 40 every night.
Claeton82::How come when Russell puts up 36 on a 18-27 shooting night. You idiots don't show up. Typical.
Westjag::Because no one likes being wrong. Thunder up!
amaresunsforever::so what are LA's chances now they are facing the thunder.
thunderupman::-0.79
DCJohnsonHBG08::starting lineup for wednesday should be: 1. Reggie Jackson 2. Russel Westbrook (just to keep the streak alive) 3. Jeremy Lamb 4. Perry Jones III 5. Daniel Orton forget the scoring title KD doesnt have anything to prove he's undoubtedly the best scorer in the NBA.
thunderupman::HE HAS TO SCORE 71 POINTS ANYWAYS
Only real fans stick with bad teams::R.I.P. Chi Cheng of Deftones.....Sacramento and all of your fans will miss u....
thunderupman::THAT GUY BLEW
KDisNotNice35::The scoring title need to be judge by efficiency and points.
thunderupman::YUP. AND CONSISTENCY
oSuCowpokeAdam::#1 seed right?
Dr. Pwnage.::Last game just play Russ Dub the 1st qt to keep his streak alive and sit the rest.
Jumeax::well now they do have the #1 seed, May as well go for the scoring title in last game  i wish the scoring title went to most Points scored, (and so sitting at the end of season would be detrimental to your chances)
TecmoTrojan::Jimmer is the best player in the NBA
Claeton82::Best joke in here so far.
tre5roberson_for_heisman::OKC starting 5 for next year: Russell Westbrook, Victor Oladipo, Kevin Durant, Serge Ibaka, Kendrick Perkins.
DCJohnsonHBG08::Really need to find a way to get Perkins out of the starting lineup, or off the team for that matter.
Claeton82::Why he is the reason this team is one of the best defense teams. Not because of his play but because of his veteran status. Before he came we sucked at D.
Dpatt 34::or otto porter from Georgetown
brandonstephensy::If Melo is better than KD..then why is KD being compared to Lebron?
Dpatt 34::i like melo but he's not in the same class as kd. and for all the melo supporters i would love for you to be a teammate of his and see if you get the rock then talk to us again about how wonderful you think he is.
thunderupman::MORMONS WEAR MAGICAL UNDERWEAR.  FACT
souptwins::Jealous?
TecmoTrojan::That's what makes Jimmer so good.
Dpatt 34::makes you wonder if the next time these two play will it be thunder vs sonics?
ewwthatsmell123::I dont think anyone from Oklahoma would care if Seattle got a new team, we didnt watch basketball pre-Thunder.
Claeton82::Your wrong. I did and I know of a lot that did.
DCJohnsonHBG08::instant rivalry, hope the sonics get good so it can be a good one.
wareagledude5710::Wonder what the Maloofs are up to.
redevelopmentguy::My guess is up to no good.
HeatManZE.......::get ready for your daddy to spank you guys again in the finals
MafiaYang::sorry i cant hear you from your mom's basement
The Kingdom of Tondo::he said lebron is going to make durant cry live on national television again
greensilkdts::Chicago wants to know if KD was menacing tonight?
The Kingdom of Tondo::Welcome to 60 wins OKC.  See you in the Finals and get your tissues ready.
butterbeancd::Yeah, happy tissues.
SOONER.FAN86::sick
Matthew Borba::That was lame
GrapeOKAllDay35::Here's Reggie Jackson's dunk on Cole Aldrich (via @MikePradaSBN): http://youtu.be/Y3KKXHMFJDU
den24cb::KD won't get 70 stop it. He should be sitting actually so I'll laugh if he breaks his ankle.
ThunderPokes405::An attractive African man dunking on a bad little white slave man...
Boomtown405::^^
GrapeOKAllDay35::Dammmmnnnnnn!!!!!!  U mad :)
den24cb::Well when you see players like Gallo or Faried go down with injuries at the end of the year you see why players rest up.
IversonDaGreatest3::Doesn't matter, you're paid to do a job...
IversonDaGreatest3::Atleast he plays and puts on a show for the fans who pay to see him play,unlike some folks,this generation soft as f***
Boomtown405::On me
Jacks_Link::What would you rather have. KD go for 70 and lose, or KD have a normal night and win?
Maniacpkt::i'm floored by the fact that i see Cole Aldrich's name under top performers
Maniacpkt::i'm happy for the guy, i just never thought it would happen.  hopefully someone likes what they see
Only real fans stick with bad teams::The Kings do...he's been really solid and is our only rebounder/shotblocker combo
Only real fans stick with bad teams::He was top performer last night too...12 12 and 4 last night
IversonDaGreatest3::I respect Durant &amp; Westbrook they never sit out games,unlike LeBron &amp; Wade smdh,Jordan would never do that s***..
