JvrZulu::Proof bulls can only beat teams when the NBA wants them to.
Sportaddition1314::Looking more and more like the Bulls will play the Pacers in the first round. I can't wait to see the match up. Pacers are going to either lose or be so beaten up that they will fold in the second round.
vermin_cain6::Kobe will be back before Rosie...
lanthony5::The bull play up to competition and play down to weaker teams...The bulls are much better with Noah and Gibson and both guys will back for the 1st round i just don't wanna see Rip Hamilton play in a bulls game again he freaking sucks
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>Why are the bulls getting BLOWN OUT Sunday in Miami?</b>
jared575757::Why are you here.
dadof3inchicago::Bulls are so inconsistent... play up and down to competition.... its tough for a fan...
fredquero::when you loose to the raptors whit 3  or 2 games remaining. you don't have great expectation in the playoffs.
dadof3inchicago::second night of a back to back, on the road, AFTER beating hottest team in basketball.... you sure seem clueless!!
fredquero::Bulls  suck even if they have rose.
Sportaddition1314::What a $@%!$@!
dadof3inchicago::good one!! now give your computer back your mommy, its almost nap time!
fredquero::Yesterday i read  that the bulls are championship contenders. really hahahaha
This_Guy1::Well, if they're any Raptors fans, GG.  Just wow.....
flag_me_if_you_can::Chicago are one and done in this years playoffs. Only team they would have a shot against are the Knicks. LOL watch them chocking big in the playoffs
This_Guy1::lol a Knicks fan talking about choking
cozaroo::rest noah, ride nate as far as he will take us til then, give Butler more minutes, call atlanta and ask for Korver back....go bulls!
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>Heat would SWEEP chicago EASILY!</b>
This_Guy1::Are you still mad?
cozaroo::we dont tank
The point center::tank city  i love it . 6 seed here we come
Dikembe_Mutombo_Throwback_ATLanta_Hawks_Jersey::Stern rigged this game, obviously. Dont you guys get it? Stern has story lines to setup and align in the first round  #2 NY Vs. #7 BOS---Division Rivals #3 IND Vs. #6 CHI---Division Rivals #4 BKLN Vs. #5 ATL ----Joe Johnson Vs. Hawks  Stern WILL make that happen.....and especially not us (Hawks) Vs. Pacers...It would be a good series but to the general public it would = snore fest with no real story line or stars, no one cares
NYballer6969::I still don't get why Nate doesn't start ! Do the Bulls realize that Nate puts up more points per minute then D. Rose does ?  Plus people have to play up on him on the 3 point line , opening up more passing lanes for others ? The guy doesn't get the respect he deserves because he's the size of a boy . Nate does not make any more mistakes as Rose did .
geeman217::Hate to say it but I predicted this outcome of this game and yesterday's game last night in NY conversations.  Right now, as constituted, this team has problems playing consecutive games. Although there is rarely back-t-backers in the playoffs, they will need a full crew..  I felt bad for Boz today, he didn't have any legs, Butler &amp; Nate were dragging as well. Thibbs is gonna have to find a way to get those 3- a good break before the playoffs.  I mean a street clothes, at the end of the bench break  6th seed is fine...
Iladelph609::My wife and I decided last minute to go to this game - her very first NBA game - and we certainly picked a good one.  Never let it be said that Canadians don't care about any sport that doesn't involve skates and sticks. That crowd was rockin' tonight!
CHITOWNBULLS1991::good to hear you guys had a good time!
deetroit_steve_70::Bulls are tired? I thought they are just weak.
Yusef8086::ha ha bulls suck , go heat haters enough said
jared575757::New heat fans are funny
dadof3inchicago::they have "fans"?
CHITOWNBULLS1991::still mad about the Bulls ending the streak, are we? Must be the reason you came to troll.
fandanimal1::the bulls.nba hell.good,not great.going nowhere even when fully healthy
Kudafudra::To think all the hours I've wasted reading Bulls articles and they all say the same exact thing...
Kudafudra::Pacers will mop the floor with us in the playoffs.
grepilgr::No Bulls fan would ever say that especially in that term. You're obviously a Pacers fan.
GiantsPosey1::WARRIORS 109   REFS   107
fandanimal1::you can talk about the sell outs all you want.i work in il.,and after mj retired,no one gave a crap about the bulls.talk about miami band wagon.bulls fans are a joke
Art2636::Speak for yourself. It was the non-bulls fans that stopped coming. The out-of-towners who just came to see MJ. I loved it, it was easier to get tickets.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::I lived in Chicago as a kid and became a fan AFTER Jordan left. I was too young to remember the Jordan years. Your comment couldn't be further from the truth.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::and for reference, the Bulls were number 2 in attendance in 2001, a year they were absolutely terrible.
MambaBamba78::MAMBAAA TIME. YALL BULLS FANS GO HIDE AHHAHAAHAH LOSIN TO DA RAPTORS
I have no legs::Bulls suck.  They are slightly better than the Bears tho.
greensilkdts::The regular season has finally dwindled down. play all backups sunday dont leave jimmy outthere to long. prepare for indy. RELEASE RIP.
JO3611::Bulls and Knicks = 1 playoff series won the last 12 years....
Cubs_2015::lol.....we swept the heat back in 07 $@%!$@%
azzyfbaby::rose has no heart
.New_York_For_The_Win.::This is why no one takes the Bulls seriously They lost to the Kings by 40+ then beat the Heat, end their streak and then lose to the Wizards They Lost to the Raptors then beat the Knicks, end their streak and  then lose to the Raptors again This is exactly the reason why no one takes the Bulls seriously
GFischer14::The bulls play well against good teams...and in the playoffs that is all the matters. Unlike the Knicks.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::And no one takes the Knicks seriously because of the last 13 years of absolute failure. Even worse than the Raptors. And now you have a guy that will play hero ball in the playoffs and have another first round exit for both him and your team.
kdash3385::DIRK &gt; BULLS'T   WIZ &gt; BULLS'T  NOW  TOR &gt; BULLS'T   WHAT ASHAMED..
GFischer14::says the fake heat fan
marcos977::knicks will get knocked out in the first round
fredquero::who are you nostradamus.  and the bulls are going to the finals. yeah right
azzyfbaby::bulls suck
marcos977::not as bad as the horrible overrated knicks
sports-1-on-1::Bulls first round exit
youll get nothing and like it::pacers - bulls in playoffs?  pacers own the bulls
caves93::Dam $@%!$@% bulls if they would have played well against these weak !$@ teams we would have at least that third spot in the east possibly even the second %!$@%!$ bulls. Playing like this I might not ever see a championship win.
azzyfbaby::u cant be in second when the knicks are better than u guys
supersportsman123::Didn't get to watch this game, but damn why the Bulls gotta do this
Neil826::pathetic bulls, you've won too many games to tank now.
DBrownDrose::wtf man, again seriously?
Green Power Juice::HOORAY THE END :)  YOU HAVE JUST LEARNED THE ABC"S :)
Green Power Juice::ME
Green Power Juice::WITH
Green Power Juice::SING
Green Power Juice::YOU
Green Power Juice::WANT
Green Power Juice::TIME
Green Power Juice::NEXT
Green Power Juice::ABC"S
Green Power Juice::MY
Green Power Juice::KNOW
Green Power Juice::I
