JoshuaRojas7::Hey guys! Please help. Im wondering if i should start Bledsoe today in my fantasy. I desperately need Blocks and threes. Do you guys see CP3 resting today or next game?
clippers sweep memphis in the 1st round::we better beat memphis today,lets   go  clips
ramenwrey1122::ims sure im not the first to say this but....the Clippers are a team thats ONLY good in the regular season. When it comes to playoffs they are casper the friendly ghost...just cant be seen or heard
Not ur Ave Commentator::Great insight there, how long did it take you to do ALL the research of this?
A Drunk Monk::You're a weird fellow. The Clippers have no playoff history- how can you randomly assume such things Mr. Armchair Analyst?
Soonerhopeful1::The Memphis game looks to be physical...!   could be blood on the floor in this game..!  Griffin and Randolph   have no love lost between them..  Could see some flagrants.
gt1master_ike::One thing I don't get is why Jordan gets so few minutes. I would think the Clippers will need him patrolling the paint in the playoffs and they are paying him quite well to be a 20 minute role player.
azibe::liability in defense also.  Just terrible.
rthomas_83::Because he's a terrible offensive player. Teams aren't going to just let him dunk. They foul him and put him on the line, where he's absolutely atrocious.   They're regretting paying him.
whodattrackgeauxtigers::Clippers fans, I see ya'll do not use Bledsoe that often. We will gladly take him off your hands. What would it take to get him?
Not ur Ave Commentator::Celtics wanted Bledsoe and Jordan for 93 year old KG, seriously? EBled is a clipper for a long time.... specially after last nights game..
Soonerhopeful1::Bledsoe had injuries earlier in the year, and only now getting back in form.
Soonerhopeful1::People want Bledsoe...?  I'm shocked,
gt1master_ike::Austin Rivers.
muncieplumbers::the worst pick in the draft... no chance we give up bledsoe for that stiff
gt1master_ike::Both are undersized shooting guard but Eric can do so many other things on the court with his athleticism. And he is only 23. CLippers can mold Rivers into a 6th man scoring  type off the bench once Crawford gets old.
whodattrackgeauxtigers::Don't give up on him. He made huge strides after the all star break.
Wolfy_Pants::aww man, clips won.. oh well.. tomorrows game will probably be for home-court for clips or grizz..  see you guys tomorrow.. should be a good game
Not ur Ave Commentator::I'm a life long Clipper fan and I'm finally happy that we are playing for something other than a lottery pick, I look forward to this games against the Grizz, you know is going to be physical, tough, and flagrants all around... I couldn't picture any Clipper playing from the past being good enough for a game like tonights. (maybe Michael Cage, but not many others)
Soonerhopeful1::That will be a crowd and television ratings pleasing game...Big national ratings it will have.
Wolfy_Pants::if not.. good ol espn app
Wolfy_Pants::sadly ill be at wedding tomorrow night.. i hope the golf resort will have the game on lol
Deaneer32::Always a good game
Wolfy_Pants::go grizz
Soonerhopeful1::If I was a Pelican fan, or Hornet fan... I would be looking to Next year optimistically ...!  Lots of good and young  Hornet players you do have
gt1master_ike::Everyone has to stay healthy. We can't have our key guys missing so many games if we want to make the playoffs. That was a problem this year especially with Gordon.
gt1master_ike::good game clipper fans.  Cp and Gordon both had huge games.
Soonerhopeful1::Fair game by both, who can play better....Lopez and Bledsoe who played up and above in this game.   IMO
faargsob::Nice comeback Clips, I look forward to tomorrow night. The Grindhouse will be rocking!!
Zas2642::aww, chris paul hanging out with the mascot :)
Soonerhopeful1::Congratulations to Hornets for playing such a tough game... We needed the challenge..!
Soonerhopeful1::we could have OT..!
LookielouE1707::Not with that shot - there was time left on the clock when he let it go.
rthomas_83::dumb dumb dumb shot
backoff5736::NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Soonerhopeful1::Hornets do have some good players..
rthomas_83::Had Brian Roberts been this decisive during a couple of crucial possessions in the 4th, maybe they'd be winning.
Soonerhopeful1::If CP3 makes both giving 4 point lead, the game with 9 seconds is over.
LookielouE1707::So, the Clippers sleepwalk through the first 42 minutes and then hit eight of ten shots to win - I guess they knew what they needed to accomplish the bare minimum.
DavidA11429::<b> Only 234 Comments? Must be a record. </b>
Chadwik93::your life must suck
Soonerhopeful1::big 3 point shot by Hornets..!  or is it Pelicans..?
Zas2642::that bledsoe is pretty good, too bad the clips are gonna lose him in the offseason
Soonerhopeful1::I wouldn't bet on that.
Poor Oregon::The Clippers will be irrelevant come playoffs
alurista::out 1st rd
clippersfan cp3::clips coming back
Soonerhopeful1::This game is over.... Clippers up by 5...Going small ball with Griffin at center against Lopez..!
Lebrick James and Kobrick Bryant::hahahaha the clipper bandwagon fans finally came out
Chadwik93::e bled!!!
Soonerhopeful1::Too bad all our Clippers trolls and detractors must cry now...Pass out the crying towels.
Soonerhopeful1::Was and is a good comeback by Clippers on the road down 10 in forth...Guess they don't Svck as much as some suggest.
23germany::just not enough talent to have 30 teams  however as long as there are people watching this bs........
23germany::thats not much of a comeback, but a meltdown from one the 10 $@%! por college teams
jkclemen::The Hornets are horrible enough with Davis and Vasquez
Soonerhopeful1::Wow....3 point lead for Clippers....Guess some people put their foot in their mouths on this game.
Deaneer32::We can celebrate when its over.
No-account drifter::Looks like the Clippers finally answered their wake-up call tonight.
Poor Oregon::Eric Gordon is horrible
rthomas_83::The guy with 25 points?
23germany::nba is so bad the top 5 teams could beat bottom 5 playing 4 on 5
JimmyBova23::Eric Gordon sucks donkey balls.
Deaneer32::Oh thank god.
Deaneer32::CP!!!!!
jkclemen::Come on Clips I want top 5 pick
faargsob::Don't worry Clips, the Grizz just $@%! the bed. You would think that neither team was playing for HCA
jkclemen::Is Barnes Italian?
SCAngelsTrojansClippersKings49ers::No
Soonerhopeful1::That should have been +1  foul on Lopez against Barnes.
rthomas_83::Bledsoe is a freak athlete and Gordon is blowing by him. Posting him up like that's his little brother
pride4jc1222::Heat fans better enjoy this now. In 2014, LeBron will go back to Cleveland, and Dwyane Wade will sign to play for the Pelicans.
Zas2642::no rebounding for the clippers, none, nothing
jkclemen::Robin &gt; Brooks
iHmong::oh brook lopez ahah lol
iHmong::whos brooks
pride4jc1222::his twin brother. By the way, it's Brook (not Brooks).
iHmong::if gordon was a better FT shooter the game would be over
iHmong::happens to sucky teams lol
rthomas_83::He's shooting 86% on the season. He's having an off night.   The Hornets team is having an off night.
rthomas_83::The Hornets can't execute in the 4th quarter.
bleedinggreen2014::clippers will not do anything in the playoffs if they cant even beat the pelicans
Soonerhopeful1::Would you bet your virginity on that..?
LookielouE1707::He'd probably love to lose his virginity, so sure, why not?
Soonerhopeful1::Could Clippers come back from 10 down in the 4th to beat the Hornets..?    Even when playing bad...!
Deaneer32::Hopefully
Captain of the Grape Soda Exiles::Hornets playing like they want that 11 Seed...
Poor Oregon::I've never seen a team quite as bad as the Pelicans
Mo_Monson645559::I love this:  http://tinyurl.com/challenge-free-nba3
jkclemen::I love my Pelicans but I want a better draft pick.
Soonerhopeful1::Trade Gordon to Clippers for their #1....
pride4jc1222::Don't worry. Dwyane Wade will save the day, when he signs to play for the Pelicans in 2014.
Deaneer32::Then why are they playing so hard lol
