Steven Rivera::Lets make it 3-1 in 2014
Shaun Mitts::34 pts on 24 shots and only made 2 Free Throws. thats what im talking bout real SCORING. *Cough* Paul George, KD*cough*
Steven Rivera::Sad that Melo doesn't get nearly the calls them other Superstars get and this has been dating back since his first year with NY. Melo would be well over 30ppg in a KNicks uniform every year if he got the same amount of trips to the FT line most superstars get.
Steven Rivera::Melo defense is underrated, back to back paste block for Melo. His help defense is lazy but his man to man defense is underrated
Tyquan Henderson::I have a trade proposition for the knicks, jr sweetness 4 a bag of chips. He straight garbage
Anthony Speer::jr smith should stay on bench in faver of hardaway
Mark Mattson::i told everyone hardaway would be one of the best shooters in the draft.  the knicks got a steal.
Ryan Lord::Smith and Jennings blow
Snowday::Trade felton and smith for a few picks, a backup point guard and a bag of chips. These two clowns almost threw the game away. I don't care what anyone wants to say about Felton and him improving the team, because that is a myth. Felton has increased the stagnation on offense, because unlike Beno and Toure, he is a shoot first pass later point guard (and he misses 70% of his shots). Smith is a just a joke. The guy has some nerve talking about the knicks betrayed him. He betrayed us. We resigned him thinking that he was going to give us 18 ppg like last year and shoot 45-40-80. He is worth a less than a bag of chips, please get rid of him. Lastly, woodson has got to go. He is an idiot, he doesn't know how to manage his players. His rotations are stupid. Remember this is the same guy that was reluctant to play Jeremy Lin, during the Linsanity days. In addition, Woodson's career highlights have been leading teams to the second round and then losing. The Knicks can't win a championship with his poor decision making. It's either he makes a change or the knicks make a change and remove him
Patrick Foote::good luck getting ONE pick for felton and smith. let alone a few.
Erick Gonzalez::PLEASEEE Fire this horrible coach.  Why didn't Bargnani play more..he's was feeling it, and grabbing rebounds.  Why is Smith continuing to get major minutes down the stretch when he's been a bust.  This coach is a Joke.  His substitutions are horrible.  No way should You have both Melo and Bargnani sitting. One should always be on the floor.  Those are you two best scorers.
Geoff Starling::I see fans and media who dont watch as carefully are very down on KCP. I just think he's trying hard to fit in next two 4 proven starters. I see a lot in his game to like, I think he'll be a very good scorer once he learns when and how to be aggressive.
Steven Rivera::Why Beno? when you have a younger better defender in Murray on the bench!
Steven Rivera::Dead weight on the KNicks team  JR Smith & Amare
George Koconis::Pistons' fans are learning what Bucks' have known for years---Jennings can't hit outside jumpers with any consistency or finish at the rim. Aside from the fact that he can't defend the bigger guards (nearly everyone), he's a good passer, ball handler and has quick hands that can result in steals. Problem is he thinks he's an All-Star and he ain't, so he keeps playing a type of game that he doesn't have the skill or body for. Maybe Cheeks can get through to him where no Bucks' coach could. Good luck.
Timothy J. Casey::I wish that were the case. Unfortunately, it seems like those of us who dislike his game now, have since day 1 and hated the trade to begin with while a lot of fans who liked the trade still stubbornly think he's a star. And I don't expect that to change anytime soon.
Mark Mattson::let's review joe d's three big pick-ups this off-season.  smith, kcp, and jennings so far tonight have combined for 19 points on 6-22 shooting(1-8 from 3) with 9 assists and 9 turnovers.  smh.
Barry Card::they call him melo yellow they call him melo yellow nice game melo now you are only ten games below 500 loser!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Patrick Foote::yeah his fault
Eddie Martinez::man , jr smith has to go. i hate to say it. can they give tyler some minutes sheesh! ?!? see what he can do...?
Tim Lewis::JR Smith sucks,he shouldn't be on the court,if MW keeps it up JR is gonna get him fired.
Matt Washburn::Wow this is embarrassing...losing to the Knicks.
Steven Rivera::Who's your team????
Marcleen Bavogui::Steven Rivera why do u care u are a celtics fan .shouldnt u be on the denver vs celtics board
Steven Rivera::Marcleen Bavogui I'm guessing every Miami fan must be on Molly? LOL you calling me a C's fan?
Steven Rivera::JR Smith is horrible, trade him for a bag of chips
Charley Doherty::Smith shot selection drives me nuts.
Snowday::When you do stupid things and don't get penalized for it why would stop? If criminals could steal without getting arrested they would never stop? Jr would stop if woodson would bench him
Steven Rivera::Get Felton out!!! bring in Murray!
Snowday::exactly
Bazooka Joe::melo been overrated for years
Charley Doherty::You disappoint me Pistons.
Camilio Lee::Knicks let's go on a run !!
Colin Ziolkowski::The Milwaukee Bucks totally ripped off the Detroit Pistons! I'm so happy as a Bucks fan knowing we don't have to deal with Brandon Jennings and his Awful shot selection and Sorry Defense. He's a High Volume Scoring PG that is a ME FIRST PERSON! The Bucks got a player in Brandon Knight that should have stayed in school to develop more but he's been getting better and better with every game and practice he's involved with! Not only Knight! But had Kris Middleton not gotten hurt his last year in College and  First year as a Pro, Detroit wouldn't have thrown him into the deal. Middleton makes the trade completely 1 sided! Bucks fans are so happy to get the 2 kids with tons of talent from Detroit because they weren't patient enough to let them develop! Couple B.Knight & K.Middleton with a Top 3 pick(Wiggins,Randle,Parker,or Smart) to... go along with the best Draft pick from 2013's Draft in Antetokounmpo along with J.Henson,L.Sanders,& N.Wolters. Then they'll mix that young talent with Veterans under Contract like O.J.Mayo,E.Illyasova,C.Delfino,Z.Pachulia,E.Udoh,and M.Neal. After the smoke clears, the Milwaukee Bucks will have 2 of the VERY BEST young talents in the game!(Super Stars) to go with talents with VERY HIGH CEILINGS that could turn into Stars at the very least! Their Rotation will be good enough to compete for the Playoffs right away in 2014 and they'll be Championship Contenders as soon as 2015 with their Length and Athletic ability! So THANK YOU Detroit for doing your part in putting together 1 of the most talented young Rosters in the NBA! GO BUCKS 2014! Enjoy the Boobie Prize in Brandon Jennings! He's talented and could be an exceptional Pro if he could only get past himself and how great he thinks he is! Once he starts to take less shots and passes the ball more, the Detroit Pistons could be something Great with the unbelievable Frontcourt they already have!See More
Nolan Hughes::I really hope that Dumars had no clue that Luol Deng was on the trade block! Because weeks ago I was saying if we could look to get Deng for Josh Smith and some draft picks. I could care less about him becoming a FA, but trying to sign him to a deal ASAP after the trade.  But no, we have a PF playing SF.
Brandon Wilcox::hahaha like the tax averse bulls would EVER take on josh smith at that awful contract
