LJG2612::Gallo another no show tonight. 2nd straight no show for him after two good games, they need him to be on point every night in the playoffs
Deport Ibaka::OKC - refs= Hornets
climb171::KFaried beasting.......owning the boards.
Nargash35::Nuggets play no defense? How about 3 games in a row we held opponents under 100 points..!!
Westbrick is not elite::Miller, Brewer, Chandler, Randolph and McGee could be a nice starting 5 for some teams. Nuggets have one of the best benches in the league, no doubt.
LJG2612::I'm a nuggets fan love watching then but for them to go deep in the playoffs Gallinari needs to do something about his consistency. He is too up and down, really good game one night then terrible the next two then a couple good games then a couple terrible ones.
Jenny4731::Go Nuggets!!!!     Good game!        http://GameHighlights.qr.net/sportblogger
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Seriously what is with the Dragon he keeps thinking about his shot and missing.
Young_Guruu::And damn, Olynyk would look nice in a Nuggets uniform...
Genghis Kittah::Actually he wouldn't look good in any jersey...cuz he is really ugly
Young_Guruu::63 points the Knicks scored 63 points as Shaq would say, that's terriawful.
.Hero::I'm a Chicago native born and raised...saw Jordan play and win championships. I've never been to Denver and given all the good teams this season (San Antonio, Miami, and OKC), Denver is most impressive to me just because no one is expecting them to do any of what they are doing right now, but they're doing it. Denver destroyed the Bulls and I wasn't even surprised. I knew it would happen. Denver keeps destroying teams and I still don't think they've been given proper recognition yet.
adi23.7::Denver could upset the Heat if they get to the finals, Really solid front line and they have improved alot since the start of season when they faced them twice.
Hlee196::Nuggets have a chance to win 12 in a roll before the battle against OKC.... It should be a fun game to watch then.
doof54::Better not look past the Grizz.
Jorge198306::Carmelo  comes  back  to Denver on Wednesday. I  hope  he  plays.
Genghis Kittah::He played last nigh so he should
Matt23180::not defense, that's a given
theanimal53::Nuggets got 2 top plays tonight on ESPN.. I'm very surprised.
heitz13::well, the Heat didn't play.
bearsbball12::Another game, another dunk of the night.
johnholmes6969::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HH94eAgIENI heres a link for hadaddi
jayeteee::rhetoric:  We've played two less home games and 6 more road games than the Grizz, yet we're only back a game. :-P
gary wheatley::you should be in the Knicks room jay   its UGLY.... more and more people really getting after Dolan for making the trade 2 yrs ago.
jayeteee::Nah, I'd rather stay in the friendly confines.
domenico.ja::3 behind in the loss column.
jayeteee::2 games in hand if we hold serve the rest of the way. Maybe not, they have less losses. NVM. Derp.
Tanman205::Wednesday night should be fun lol.
gary wheatley::isnt it sweet yall. the Nuggets keep pounding in the paint.  74 points in the paint tonight.  No sticky ball around here anymore huh.  my wife is not really a b ball fan but does remember the Doug Moe days when then ran and ran and ran some more.  she is really enjoying watching them with me now and really gets into it when the run the fast break and it ends mostly with dunks.  it is fun ball to watch
jayeteee::These Nuggets play a little better D than Issel, English, and Vandeweghe. The old Nuggets were better from the perimeter.
I prefer boxers over briefs::Knicks - 63 points Nuggets - 74 points IN THE PAINT
SouthStander132::Knicks shot 27% tonight.
jayeteee::They'll be fired up Wednesday, but so will the Nuggets.
Alex47666::melo is back
gary_bettman_hearts_the_coyotes::Keep the L train rolling suns! Choo choo!!!
gary wheatley::JR had a flagerant 2 and was ejected
Zede51::the league will probably rescind that, it wasnt that bad should be a flagrant 1
SouthStander132::Is he out Wednesday then?
Alex47666::no dwight just got fined on his flagrant 2
gary wheatley::dont know South.  Is a flagerant 2 an automatic suspension for a game?  course it might not be the game wednesday if it is a 1 game suspension.  dont know how long before it takes affect
domenico.ja::I do not miss the black hole known as MELO!!!!!
Matt23180::I miss his smile...especially after letting an offensive player breeze by him or missing free throws.
Facebook Twitter Tumblr Instagram Is For Faggots::What's the longest winning streak in Nuggets history?
gary wheatley::wow yall, I just came in here from a stint in the Knicks conversation room.  OMG.  PG-13 or worse.  Knicks scored 9 points in the 4th and 20 some for the second half.  wow.  one person posted over there that quote, "STICKY BALL IS BACK"
jayeteee::The jokes are just recycled from what Nuggets fans said when Melo was here.
.... Slurm soda::The jokes in there are great though haha.
gary wheatley::slurm  whats up
broncoroxnug::I have a feeling melo will sit out wednesday. Just a hunch
imperiumd::Javale, Faried, Brewer and Iguodala better light someone up. Miller better be throwing oops all over.
imperiumd::I can't wait for this game. In our house for one and the best is how many Ex-Nuggets are on the team. JR Smith, Camby, Kenyon, Melo and Felton. Gonna be hilarious making them cry.
jayeteee::I always liked KMart.
SouthStander132::Hate KMart.
Alex47666::if they think they got beat tonight just wait till we face them
.... Slurm soda::Camby is the only one I like out of all the old Nuggets they have. Kmart is alright.
.... Slurm soda::He'll say he's still injured if he does play. He wants to have an excuse.
imperiumd::Melo reportedly has said, "I'll never be 100% again", looks like he's already making excuses for why his ragtag bunch of Nuggets rejects are going to lose on wednesday.
denverboi1993::Eh. I don't believe that. Show me the link.
denverboi1993::Well for one there's no quote in there of him saying that... and you twisted the supposed quote. He said his knee will never be 100% again... not him.
imperiumd::http://hardwoodhoudini.com/2013/03/11/carmelo-anthony-says-his-knee-will-never-be-100/?utm_source=FanSided&amp;utm_medium=Network&amp;utm_campaign=Hot%2BTopics
larshook::^^^drugs
SouthStander132::Did the Knicks REALLY just score 63 points in the whole game?  MElo must be back...
domenico.ja::Against Golden State who play no defense.  OUCH!!!
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::McNuggets&gt;Mcgee jk lol.
Alex47666::changed your teams   still a memphis troll
The Real Steve Largent 80::McGee &gt; Howard
ShillJackson::lol  McGee signed the wrong side of his contract
The Real Steve Largent 80::Imagine of Denver had Nash...pick and roll dunks with McGee all day! That's what this offense is missing.
Alex47666::id rather have miller than nash
Alex47666::in 2 or 3 years and develops  some post moves   then yes
Alex47666::i dont want knick fans crying  about injuries when they lose to us
bearsbball12::I'm sure they'll be crying about everything they can think of.
The Real Steve Largent 80::McGee &gt; Kufous
bearsbball12::Nope.
Mr. Kwame Brown::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DidxLLBtkJ0
bearsbball12::I can't believe the Knicks are the 2 seed in the East.
jayeteee::We'd be the 2 seed in the East. Then again, 4 other teams(WC) would still be ahead of us.
broncoroxnug::sixers are 9th seed
SouthStander132::East sucks
ESPNisBSN3WS::hot start, since then they are an avg team
domenico.ja::Look at the records, the Knicks would be the sixth seed in the West, and Just got blown out by the seventh sixth team in the West.  THE EAST IS HORRIBLE!!!!
jayeteee::I think we have a lot of good players, and some that make more($) than others, but nobody's going to score 20 - 25 every night on this team. Maybe Ty(over a whole season) some day.
domenico.ja::I am starting to believe it has nothing to do with Superstars and everything to do with Market Share.  When Melo was with the Nuggets he would get killed and never got any calls.  Much like Ty Lawson now.  Now that Melo is in the East with the Knicks (big Market) he gets every call.
jayeteee::Sounds more like a conspiracy but I don't want to go there.
jayeteee::Who are these Nuggets fans that are complaining? LMAO! That was a complete road win tonight against a team that had been playing pretty good as of late.
broncoroxnug::exactly. Some people always find something to whine about
bearsbball12::Some people can never be happy. Good episode last night BTW.
bearsbball12::True. The next 3 weeks should be fun.
jayeteee::They're all good.
SouthStander132::In a place we NEVER win.
jayeteee::Lost our last 17 of 20 played there.
larshook::Oh so true...Knob Gobbers!!!
imperiumd::Faried Alley Oop Dunk &gt; Kwahi Leonard's routine dunk
domenico.ja::Leonard's play was nice, becasue of the steal, behind the back followed by the dunk over Perkins.  Any dunk over Perkins gets my vote!!
Atletico89::Theres no way Brewer should be taking 16 shots in a game unless at least 12 are in the lane, hopefully all 16 are.
delastreet07::again, athletic0.  look at the shot chart.
jayeteee::Brewer's got a nice shot when it's hitting.
delastreet07::look at the shot chart, smart guy.
SouthStander132::Most ignorant comment of the night.
Atletico89::What? hes shooting 43% this year and most of his makes are layups and hes shooting 29% from three.
washheightsboy3::If the Nuggets win the title, I'd feel bad about all the NBA refs who would immediately lose their jobs.
domenico.ja::I am starting to believe it has nothing to do with Superstars and everything to do with Market Share.  When Melo was with the Nuggets he would get killed and never got any calls.  Much like Ty Lawson now.  Now that Melo is in the East with the Knicks (big Market) he gets every call.
washheightsboy3::OKC gets their share but I don't necessarily disagree.
broncoroxnug::Just another night and another COACHING CLINIC put on by GEORGE HENRY KARL THE IV.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Dragic is thinking about his shot badly.
imperiumd::Javale facial was just as good as the DeAndre Jordan facial..
kidkadi::yeah def not better
imperiumd::It is more Media Bias.
Runchamp420::And the Javale one only got 6th on the top 10 tonight.  #BigMarketBias
Nargash35::Nuggets 126- Knicks 82
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Dragic is going to be good hes the only position we have right now.
Vega_2012::<b> Haddadisanity</b>
bearsbball12::63 points for the Knicks tonight. LOL. The Nuggets might score that many in a half on Wednesday.
