TinyT::Where's all the haters from the previous games? Weird  It took Spo until the 2 minute mark in the 3rd to bring in reserves. When Allen and Battier are not scoring, they need to be on the bench! I don't want to hear about defense because the Heat are not even trying on D right now! Beasley himself almost outscored Allen and Battier together and he only played 12 mins. Spo won't change things up when the team is struggling and it hurts them at time!
Joseph::This is why I say they can't win with Rondo the way this team is set up. They traded an excellent player in Crawford, now if they trade Rondo there is no one to replace him. What Crawford has no coach can teach, he has tremendous speed and that hurky-jerky motion splitting defenders going to the hole. Plus he can shoot lights out, whether a 10 foot jumper or the three, and that's his difference from Rondo. Rondo is not an outside threat and because of that the defense doubles the better scorers putting the Celtics in a choke hold on offense. Rondo was a success because he had 3 20,000 point scorers at his disposal who could bail him out from the outside/ inside you name it, he will not make the Celtics better they have to trade him. Crawford I thought was a replacement for sure ....ESPN's Tim Legler even said one of the most dynamic backcourts in the league was Bradley and Crawford. He said they can defend, pass, run, and shoot terrific. The Celtics do want to win 2-3 years from now, but Crawford was a good start, and keeping Crawford and moving Rondo for someone like Asik was a better route. Now they have a backcourt with an unbelievable front in Sullinger and Asik...nw all they have to do is replace Green at SF.
Luke::Let's see, Bayliss has a bad Big Toe, Bradley has a sprain and you dumped Crawford and Brooks and got nada.. Great move Danny! Oh that's right, Rondo was 0 for 8 right where we wanted him in the last 5 minutes throwing up two air-balls. Danny, what's next? Bring up another D-League player on a 10 day? That might work, Chris Johnson must be a disappointment to you, he was the only player in the plus column. Better dump that kid quick.
TinyT::Birdman had 13/7(3 offensive) in 24 minutes on 5 shots! Bosh had 16/6 (0 offensive) in 34 minutes on 10 shots!   Bosh better step it up or he will be looking for a new job!
Garrett::Come on people. Celtics fans AND Heat fans. Although there isn't any rivalry between the two teams anymore, the last 2 games between these 2 teams have been exciting to watch. I very much enjoy watching these 2 play.
ThirdyDot::What the made this game so close is the offensive rebound of Boston Celtics. They have 17 to Miami's 7 and that's why they have 10 more FG attempts than Miami, namely, 84 to 74. Miami should focus again in their rebounding as a team. Bosh has only 6 for example and Battier has only 1.
Ken::even though boston aint the same team as it used to be, they can surprise you every now and then especially when they play the better teams. they will play with an aggressive mentality like they are tryna prove that they arent a joke. even tho i still think miami will win tonight, i think the celtics will give them a fight. but the real question is, how long that fight will last in the entire game.
C K::Rondo is useless without good offensive players around him.  He can't score to save his life.
The Truth::Not that bad against the best team in the NBA. I guess the Heat really need Wade.
Michael::86-84 then nincompoop Green takes over and three touches later it's 86-90.  And the coaching sucks!
