Jimmy30313::C's were robbed
junoNCAL::lmao the celtics got clowned by belinelli.. lmao
Norris Coles Flattop::Glad Boozer is finally attacking more instead of settling for that lousy fadeaway jump shot. Hope he can continue to put up 15+ a night
GiantFootMnstr::Two players intentionally fouling pierce and they call a jump ball? Where those replacement refs?
Thetimpanikid16::Another classy game from Garnett! How does he get away with it!
Trivelino67::Lakers should have picked up, a nice bench piece.
Erica6592::lmao *looks to the right of the screen and scrolls down* Mr. Noah doesn't whine, he is just telling it like it is and by the way, he isn't the only that has said the things he said about KG. The BLOGGER is the one who is whining lol
Rossi46Doctor::I was razzing Celts fans in the Noah article thread, but then I realized I was wasting my talents harassing an irrelevant has-been team.
Jimmy30313::Boston will always be relevant. This franchise is the back bone of the NBA. BTW they are only 5 games out of the top of the east
Erica6592::I'm a bulls fan, but I have to ask, what on earth are you smoking? lol
Rossi46Doctor::How are the Celtics relevant? .500 record, ancient "stars," can't even pull out a home win vs a Bulls team that's minus the League MVP and 2nd best player
MrBull33::Thunder vs Bulls Finals. ooohya!
MrBull33::I'm so proud of the kid Jim Butler, i was in tears. Way to go Jimbo!!! you are cool as ice, way to go!
Erica6592::Yup, he is going to be a very good player!
tbest23::Doc Rivers, if you whine, cry and complain on every single call do you really think the refs like that? Worry about your lousy team first. Go Bulls!
Erica6592::I have a feeling Mr Butler will play 48 minutes tonight! I have to say this but the PG are going to have to be aggressive and man, it is going to be another ugly game!
EL_ABALLARDE::Bulls need another back up center.
MrBull33::difference is..... he can dribble now! with his big frame he can take advantage of any opponent going in to the rim, plus his brain can react now at the same time with his body because he is fit and slimmer. Before if his brains says jump or penetrate or guard to defend he can't cuz his body is slow and can't take orders, hahaha!
Erica6592::yup!
parafal::what the hell got into boozer?  where has he been for 2 years
Erica6592::He stopped playing soft and realized he is a mismatch for most opponents!
EL_ABALLARDE::Learning the Bulls system, at least was the excuse I hear in the game, lol
subway142::Fantastic game. If the Bulls can play like this without Rose, then they could be championship-bound with him.
FSoccer::Some of these Boston fans actually think they can continue to contend for titles with this old a.ss team, lol
shaneceltics::get cancer
FSoccer::haha, looks like someone has sand in their vajay
shaneceltics::Pierce shooting % is his lowest in the last 9 years, Jeff Green shooting % lowest of his career, Jason Terry shooting % is his 3rd lowest out of his 13 years in the NBA...... just $@%!$@% great.
Bammonb99::5000+ comments because a Boston team lost.  Seriously, who gives a $@%! about the NBA?
tbest23::More like the bulls won :)
CentILcardsfan::Why does Garnett get away with all the cheap shots, like the "pic" he set after the game winning shot, at half court.  What a  CHUMP!! He lowered his shoulder and intended to hurt or injure Belinelli because he just hit the game winning shot, Did nobody else see that?  He's a sore loser, and a bad sport!
Shaun0088::You seem mad.
Thechi-gurl::Nice win for the Bulls.  It be even nicer to see them show up at home tonight.
kartkid024::ESPN Fails.  The write in the recap "after Belinelli's two free throws with 51 seconds to go. Pierce hit two from the line and Boston forced a 24-second violation -- when Belinelli fired a corner jumper off the top of the backboard"   Boston never forced a 24 second violation.  Belinelli shot the ball, it hit the back board, rebounded by the bulls, they shot again and the shot got blocked, and celtics took off with the ball down court.  Does ESPN even watch the game before recaping it??? you would think since they brodcasted it they would.
BRAY5150::So are the bulls on a 14 game win streak overall or 14 straight wins on the road only?
kartkid024::Its been 14 friday night road games in a row that they have won.  It dates back to april of 2011
Sayed Youssef::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWOdk0TBpVc
Sayed Youssef::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWOdk0TBpVc
Sayed Youssef::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWOdk0TBpVc
kartkid024::dwade grater den jordan 5.0      bostion- where every sport team has choked  1. 18-1 pats  2. bruines blow 3-0 series lead no pashon in nhl ne ways  3. redsox blow 3-0 lead.. lol simply pathetik  4. bostion blows 3-1 lead in nab   all chokers, just my 2 sense tho --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- In defensive of boston (and I hate doing it)  but they are the only city in the country to win a championship in every major sport in the last 9 years (2004).  Hell, only 2 cities in the country have won a championship in every major sport since 1985.  Chicago is the other.  So here you have 2 championship filled cities right here.
tbest23::Wtf?
Bammonb99::Go read a book.
nba is the worst::Boozer with 19/20? 23/12 on 53% FG the last 10 games.  The guy is actually starting to play
Buddhafist69::That's cause he knows the F/O gonna get rid of him after the season is done.  Boozer does this all the time, plays well for a little bit then is hurt or nonexistent for the majority of the contract.
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::Makin' a believer outta me
Sugar Ray Robinson::Has anyone noticed how terrible Pierce's shot has been lately?   The man needs to elevate, he barely leaves the floor on his "jumpshots" and he's firing flat bricks as a result.   I know historically he never does jump very high when he shoots but today it was like his feet were stuck in cement.
Thechi-gurl::he's saving his knees for the playoffs
GiantFootMnstr::Haha yea I noticed. Pierce's knees are pretty much done, this will be his last year is my guess.
surfzone365::Go Bullies!
kblock24::Tough loss!  Snatched defeat from the jaws of victory.  KG and PP stunk it up in the first half coming in with heavy legs and goofy shot selection.  Way too many "I hope I get fouled but if not I'll just fling it up somewhere" and pray that it goes in.  Tired of watching KG grab and hold and set late picks over and over.  Their age shows up every few games.  Pierce should've been sat down for half his minutes.  You can see the frustration and lack of rhythm in the other guys playing at  KG and PP slo mo action.
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::bout 2 pass otu from all the percs lol cya l8r u bostion sissys  ur sports suxneways just my 2 sesne tho
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::bostion- where every sport team has choked 1. 18-1 pats 2. bruines blow 3-0 series lead no pashon in nhl ne ways 3. redsox blow 3-0 lead.. lol simply pathetik 4. bostion blows 3-1 lead in nab  all chokers, just my 2 sense tho
Bammonb99::Go read a book you $@%!.
GiantFootMnstr::At least all those teams have won championships the last 10 years and are playoff contenders every year. Miami doesn't even have real sports fans just a bunch of dirty cubans and hatians.
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::haha ur prolly like 17 bud gfro
Dwayne_Johnson23::hahaha miami dade college.  No one is impressed.  Aw man, I feel bad for your parents
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::24 bud and  i went 2 maimi dade college  move along pls
Dwayne_Johnson23::I really hope you're no older than 17.  Any adult who talks like you should be placed in a mental institution!
Dwayne_Johnson23::Wow, Boston's success has made you into a real jealous woman
Dwayne_Johnson23::Please keep your fantasies to yourself
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::u done suxin bradys va.g???
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::ive had 11 percoset and gin and nyquile and still awakes lol ne sugestions&gt;
GiantFootMnstr::Stop smoking meth
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::u mad cuz u six
nba is the worst::euthanasia
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::i wud drop u wear do even live u lil sisy??
nba is the worst::think of it as a public service
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::ill $@%! u up
GiantFootMnstr::Instead of calling a jump ball there the ref should of just grabbed the ball from pierce himself and slam dunked it on the bulls end.
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lol @ kobe... wat a duchebag  http://sports.yahoo.com/blogs/nba-ball-dont-lie/kobe-bryant-nike-ad-gives-world-greatest-interview-224204370--nba.html
nba is the worst::I love going one-on-one with someone. That’s what I do. I’ve never lost. It’s a whole different game, just to have them right in front of you and be able to do whatever you want.  You versus LeBron? Who wins? Me. No question. As far as one-on-one, I’m the best to ever do it.
nba is the worst::too bad lebron doesn't own any full season titles tho
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lbj ownes kobe hes in denail
Dwayne_Johnson23::I didn't think it was that bad
Dwayne_Johnson23::hahah you're mad
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::go $@%! urself $@%!
Dwayne_Johnson23::Not sure where you got that from.  Probably just you being a duche again
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lol u just jealus cuz ur team sux?
Dwayne_Johnson23::Shouldn't have expected any less from a moron who thinks D Wade is better than Jordan
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::gtfo u kobe humper
Good sport333::if deng had been getting durants calls SINCE his rookie year he would be just as good if not better offensively,  because he takes waayy more abuse than durant" the 20/20 dude in college but 3pt shooter in the pro's" but its cool tho he still good
Dwayne_Johnson23::I like it more when we win :/
nhraven52::Give it another 25 years
Dwayne_Johnson23::ok troll
Good sport333::But on a lighter note I like the bulls because they keep winning despite the circumstances they give them selves a chnce to compete nightly.   i just dont understand the new wave of fans who everytime we beat teams considered better all they extract from the game is there is no way that will work in the playoffs? is coach thibs and the bulls the tebow of the nba? will kapernick "work" in the nfl?
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::ur a morone
Good sport333::the celtics are a championship organization under the spell of Rondo he has ridden down the ego's of the big 3 due to the lack of success before the trade/his arrival which was predictable they have all but given him the keys and hopped in the back of the station wagon playing video games and now he has the area fans thinking he can carry an organization as if he was d.rose or or som'n the stats are impressive but, i don't quite think he's franchise guy
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lol ya rondo sux and has no pashone like KG  just my 2 sense tho
nhraven52::Bulls fans, I was wondering why you think they didnt exploit the obvious mismatch between Noah And the rookie Sullinger down the stretch?
Rook_217::Cuz them silly Bellinelli isos... The C's were denying down low though.  Boozer couldn't get the ball low enough and Noah the same.
Good sport333::noah 14&amp;13 boozer19&amp;20
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lol bostion is beyond washed up  FACT
goBOSTON1011::you forgot about the wizards who beat the heat without their best player
nba is the worst::Knicks 2-0 vs heat. Pacers 1-0 vs heat. Bulls 1-0 vs heat.  "heat are washed up"
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lol lets see i playoffs u duche
nba is the worst::looks like Avery Bradley is the true MVP of this Celtic team
nhraven52::and hes pretty terrible
Shaun0088::The Celtics are far from "done".This almost new entire team still has alot to learn with eachother they have like 8-9 new players on the roster and people expect them to get instant wins?It just doesn't work like that.Anyways they'll be fine
Good sport333::Thibs coach of the year if nothing else this season right?
MrBaxter555::This just in...because of his age, Paul Pierce will now get three points for a FG, two for a foul shot and one point for hitting the rim...the Celts now have a chance!
Shaun0088::Lol what is it with you people and this age thing?From what I've seen in sports (mostly basketball) once a player hits 30 and beyond they become an old washed up bum.When older players are playing good and winning they get called veterans but when they have some bad games their just "old".
MrBaxter555::Pretty much sums it up.....for 16M a year, the Celts could do far better....than Grandpa Paul....
nba is the worst::KG had quite a game I guess - 32% shooting, 4 missed fts, and 0-3 from the 3-pt line.  Refs' fault, I'm certain of it
MrBaxter555::Look at Pierce's...even worse with the three TO's....
nba is the worst::yet if KG shoots his avg from the ft line the c's win in regulation...
nonaligned::that's a dirty stat line.....   ...big test for the Lobos against San Diego State coming up.....
GiantFootMnstr::Thank god hockey is starting back up so I can watch a sport where the league doesn't micromanage the outcome of every game to serve some hidden David Stern agenda.
GiantFootMnstr::Teams have to execute I'm just saying I prefer sports where refs don't play favorites. It cheapens the game makes it feel like it's not real.
Rook_217::Enough already!!!!  Yes some of those calls plain garbage, but teams still have to execute to take advantage.  The refs didn't make KG miss them FREEthrows.  KG takes care of business at the charity stripe and all this other nonsense conspiracy drama is moot!
Djuki 3::good job, good effort Celtics :)
Shaun0088::Keep watching he'll be fine.
MrBaxter555::Until they start giving him 1 point for hitting the rim, the Celts are screwed with him on the floor....
Shaun0088::Pierce will be fine you'll see.
MrBaxter555::KG was fine in crunch time....it was Pierce that once again spit up on himself....
nba is the worst::KG missed 3 fts in the 4th Q...
nba is the worst::Seems like KG was the one that was the difference-maker in this one - at least PP's threes have a chance to go in
Shaun0088::Pierce has never been fast.
MrBaxter555::But he's also never smelled up the place like he does now....game has passed him by.....
MrBaxter555::Please exclude Pierce from any / all congrats..the guy is old, slow and, quite frankly, one of the major reasons the Celts can't close out a game.....never fails, Celts ahead or hanging tough..Pierce comes in...6 minutes to go..shoots 1 for 5 and they lose by 3! Over and over again...'say 'Good Night', Paul"...
Clueless Heat Fan::KG chokeing fts too funny celtics suck they r done
goBOSTON1011::Nice avatar. goes with the name
Shaun0088::Well atleast your name is true.
bucksnreds::KG is going to the All Star game. Nuff said.
CoachRhede::And so is Dwight Howard - bad point tomake.  Dumb fans voted KG in.  He would not be a RESERVE unless the morons out there picked him to start.
GiantFootMnstr::Anyone else think it was BS that the bulls were trying to foul Pierce at the end of regulation and they call it a JUMP BALL??? You gotta be kiddin me.
3 Games by 4 Points::Absolutely..
bucksnreds::as if that was not bad enough, they then allowed Noah (7 footer) to contest the jump ball against Pierce ....in reality it should have been Butler vs Pierce and then Pierce would have won the jump ball.
bucksnreds::"We have no hopes of going anywhere in the post season so we will celebrate a regular season win the refs gave us"  - Bulls fans.
TymanIL::Don't be angry
CoachRhede::Sounds like a Celtics fan.  8th seed compared to the bulls 4th seed.  Whats your point?
