LetsPlayScRyB::Portland is GARBAGIOOOOOOOOOOOO
266noel::PORTLAND YOURE GARBAGE NO MATTER WHAT.... ALLOW 36 POINTS IN THE 1ST QUATER MEANS YOURE TRASH.    WHY ?   AT HOME AGAINST PHOENIX........GARBAGE
LetsPlayScRyB::GARBAGGGGGGIIIIOOOOOOOOOO
ginblossoms1972::Been using this bet system called sportsbettingstar the past couple months. i doubled my balance the first month and made almost $3000 by the end of my 2nd month just following this bet systems picks
cooltapes777::so portland is not making playoffs...houston can still hold off LA
cooltapes777::TERRIBLE LOSS
arizonasportsman::sigh, Suns will be picking #8, Same old losers every year.
neshatr::Fire the coach at the trade deadline again. Stotts, seriously? Lucky he's white or he'd never get a chance in the league again. Sucked with the bucks and hawks. How many games can the team be down double digits and try and come back. That's on the coach.
.Batman.::I'm not saying Stotts is a great coach, but it's not all on him  That team literally has no bench. Maybe the worst bench I've ever seen. It's hard to play 4 quarters that way. I'd say this team has done surprising well this season.
.Batman.::Phoenix Bench: 17-33 40pts  Portland Bench: 2-15 7pts
manymarks::fire the guys that built this pathetic team.
Kobelies247::Did i not say 7 points for the bench? LOL!!   Damn im good
danyoyoh::phoenix has too many mexicans.
NW-Prophet82::LA and all of the west coast really...
LetsGoMavs.::1984 Draft   1)Rockets = Hakeem the Dream Olajuwan = 2 NBA Championships 2.)Blazers = Sam Bowie O NBA Championships 3.) Bulls=  Michael GOAT Jordan  6 NBA Championships  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1984_NBA_Draft  I would make fun of the rockets picking Hakeem over Jordan but they won back to back rings with Hakeem. Huge mistake by Blazers
T. Stotts::Oh so now the 80's and 90's count?  $@%!$@% hypocrit.
T. Stotts::Portland will have 12-14 million in cap space this summer.  Trade Hickson for a 1 st round pick, sign some Free agents, etc.
mikelebert::Josh Smith &amp; let Aldridge play C ? with LIllard running point??
LetsGoMavs.::12-14 is enough to sign only 1 above average player. Players these days all want max
T. Stotts::Probably.  Need some serious bench help.  7 friggin points from the bench tonight.  It might be a little more than 14, but better than nothing.
danyoyoh::hopefully it's not somebody who will sign the contract and quit like kemp, miles, etc....
DWILL IS FAT::BLAZERS R THE DEFINTION OF FAILURE PICKING BOWE OVER JORDAN THAN ODEN OVER DURANT?WORST $@%!$@%!$ SCOUTS
NW-Prophet82::Steve Nash, Tom Brady and Joe Flacco were all late round picks. Nobody actually knows. Grown manhood usually occurs after college. Just so you know. That's why a mans prime is late twenties to very early 30's.
gary_bettman_hearts_the_coyotes::I like the cut of this guys jib! Good argument!
danyoyoh::don't forget we signed darious miles, jr rider, shawn kemp, qyntel woods, hahhahaha just horrible
kmarsh6969::romeo8880has a small penisss
danyoyoh::Wow blazers, you guys suck. -Bobcats
NW-Prophet82::Wouldn't go that far lol, but yes, the Blazers need some serious help.
eorbemtaemoc::"Thank you, Phoenix!"   --Laker fans
arizonasting13::$@%! you!   -Suns fans
DWILL IS FAT::SO DOWN 4 WITH 15 SEC YOU TAKE A CONTESTED THREE OUT OF A FUCKKING TIMEOUT MAKES SENSE
romeo8880::The entire organization is just pathetic.  Brandon Roy with 2 broken knee caps is still better than the scrubs they put on the floor.
romeo8880::lol meyers lenoard
danyoyoh::he's horrible. that dude will be out of the league fast
danyoyoh::and don't forget bowie over MJ nolan smith over Faried Meyers leonard over Sullinger
kmarsh6969::all right, cept meyers still young
LetsGoMavs.::or Sam Bowie over Michael Jordan LOL
LetsGoMavs.::Oh don't forget the time when they picked Oden over Kevin Durant LOL
LetsGoMavs.::Well KD was winning all the college awards when he played for the Texas Longhorns. Blazers should have known
danyoyoh::yep
NW-Prophet82::But seriously, at the time it seemed legit. Nobody can predict the future.
arizonasting13::Blazers are just a bench away from being a legit playoff team. Wish I could say the same about my Suns. GL the rest of the year Portland fans. GG. laters
ASUBBALLFAN21::Trailblazers will draft goodwin.
NW-Prophet82::The Blazers really suck. Not sure if this is news to anyone, but they do. They suck. They're basically garbage. It's sad.
T. Stotts::Yep.  Lottery again.  Ah well.
ASUBBALLFAN21::Phoenix and Portland are great places to grow up. Arizona is in the middle of everything and Portland is a quiet nice town with great people and plenty of stuff to do.
aarongb25::shut up trolls Dallas, TX owns both cities
danyoyoh::PHX is rough.   Glendale, Scottsdale, Tempe?? Sure, nice places. Phoenix itself?  Man, ghetto as all hell.
danyoyoh::Central Phoenix was just a bunch of druggies and mexicans the suburbs are fun though
arizonasting13::Downtown PHX is sick, it's a huge city... just depends where you are in it.
romeo8880::So do I.  I'd be extremely happy if I died right now.
romeo8880::Pancreatic cancer and you are dead in months.
Spurty27::cancer takes years so sorry it would be slow
arizonasting13::lol, weird troll
romeo8880::I hope both places get blown off the map.
arizonasting13::I hope you die of cancer
CBass1317::So what can the Blazers get for Hickson?  Seriously.
T. Stotts::A pick maybe.
kmarsh6969::eh... everybody here is a fan of a bad team. all of our teams suck. but F it, I can proudly say that none of us are bandwagonners at least.
T. Stotts::True story.
arizonasting13::TRUUU
LetsGoMavs.::damn I'm actually part of your bad team group. Very sad. Well I'm ok since my Mavs been to the playoffs 12 years in a row since 2000. 1 bad year can't hurt
LetsGoMavs.::o big deal. We got OJ Mayo and about to get Howard and Josh Smith in the summer. Mavs will reload. Cuban wont let the Mavs turn bad forever.
CBass1317::Dirk is getting old.  Get used to it.
Spurty27::hey my nuggets are the best first round playoff exit team out there
CBass1317::True true :)
pdxdgh2012::very true..
Nowitzki.::Why were the Blazers waiting till the Suns best FT shooter gets the ball?
TheWalkingDead92::Or when you have a bad coach and idiots as players. Batum, Hickson, Aldridge and mathews.. all idiots  Just kidding lol. Probably just bad coaching.
CBass1317::He is not their best shooter at all.  Like 77% on the season.
CBass1317::They were playing off Gortat in an effort to deny.   But the play was to hand it back to Dudley, the in bounder, which Gortat did.  Dudley is their best FT shooter by far.   Good play.
Nowitzki.::c'mon..he's a guard.Marcin Gortat got the inbound pass and Blazers dont foul ?!?!?&gt;!
danyoyoh::because they had to lose the game so all the PHX ML bettors could cash.
LetsGoMavs.::because they're the blazers LOLOL
romeo8880::That's what happens when the game is fixed.
danyoyoh::Phoenix blows as a city though. I'd take Portland any day, even with all the hipsters.
danyoyoh::weather is true.  women, probably.  weed? never! haha
T. Stotts::We have our own weed genius.  And it's great,  notice the trees?
TheWalkingDead92::have you seen the girls at ASU?
arizonasting13::cheerleaders? cool... try walking through tempe, or scottsdale without getting a boner... its impossible.
kmarsh6969::have you seen the Oregon cheerleaders??
arizonasting13::women, definitely. And weed could be about the same since we're both near Cali.
pdxdgh2012::weed is better in PDX
arizonasting13::haha wrong, our weather women and weed &gt;&gt;&gt; yours
arizonasting13::Women? HELL NO
LetsGoMavs.::Better women in the Northwest than the West or South? get out of here kmarsh
kmarsh6969::woah there... I promise you we have better women and weed. in terms of weather? that's relative. Oregon has 4 legit seasons. and we have the coast.
CBass1317::Blazers gotta miss the playoffs to keep their pick.  Trade Hickson for another pick and its tank mode time.
ASUBBALLFAN21::Dragic probably wishes he stayed in houston though.
TheWalkingDead92::Now* that my suns got this win out of the way we will lose 5 straight... :) We're gunning for that top 5 pick!
LetsGoMavs.::Trade that pick to the Bobcats for their 1st pick in the 2014 draft.   Andrew Wiggins
romeo8880::I'd like one person to say that they honestly believe the games aren't fixed.
arizonasting13::oh please, Portland just sucks
gary_bettman_hearts_the_coyotes::Dammit drago! Oh well, we will lose it next time! Shi.tty game blazers and terrible win suns! Don't hang your heads yet suns fans, still plenty of games to blow this season! Geaux suns!!!
kmarsh6969::Blazers, you got no excuse for that showing tonight. You have a bad bench, but PHX starting 5 is a glorifed bench group. do better!
LetsGoMavs.::Mediocre always = Blazers
pdxdgh2012::leave
LetsGoMavs.::someone is mad I'm speaking the truth lol
Judahuz::Blazers 2nd half when theyve been down double digits has been great
mdr2855::WEAK.
arizonasting13::Dragic is the only Sun that I love. Trade everyone else.
kmarsh6969::Trade Nolan Smith for a bucket of Miller Paint.
DWILL IS FAT::FUCKKK U BLAXERS I HOPE YOUR TEAM BUS CRASHES
Spurty27::suns should make a nice end of the season run to finish 10th in the west
arizonasting13::please god no
romeo8880::5-14 shooting for Batum.  That guy really belongs in the NBA.
danyoyoh::sadly, he's portland's third best player
Nowitzki.::he deserves a max deal
DWILL IS FAT::WHY R U SHOOTING A FUCKKKING THREE???I HATE THIS FUCKKING KID
ASUBBALLFAN21::WHY DO WE HAVE TO WIN FU.CK THIS.
SlytheFly::there seems to not be much team comradery with Goran Dragic... the way his teammates act around him.
danyoyoh::well, he's white.
ASUBBALLFAN21::Goron Dragic&gt; Damian Lillard.
CBass1317::Dragic is a stud.  Ill take Lillard long term.
danyoyoh::hope somebody bet PHX ML
Wolfy_Pants::i just want the worst team in the west to be way better than the last teams in the east.. would love to see the east to have the like the 5 worst teams (they currently have 4)
LALakersFan88::is the plus/minus thing in the boxscore right?  i see +124 for Jermaine O'Neal and absurdly large numbers
Wolfy_Pants::tough to have that when the team doesnt even score that much in total lol
ClydeTheGlide_22::Congratulations suns, you beat the worst bench in the history of the nba.
Kobelies247::Clippers!
13Auction13::What were the parlay odds everyone is talking about?
kmarsh6969::there is a sports betting bar down in SF with exclusive Parlays. a lot of people bet on Portland.
13Auction13::Yeah, I want to know whats the ODDS were, IE if you bet $100 how much would you have made?
