Alec Legg::If ESPN message boards existed in the 90s, the Kobe haters we have today would have called Jordan overrated. FACT
Christopher Rains::Ha! U put Jordan and Kobe in the same sentence.  Good one!
Mark Murphy::Christopher Rains Hes the best since Jordan
Christopher Rains::There is a huge gap between M.J. and Kobe.   Besides you could argue Shaq and Duncan and when it is all said and done Lebron as the best since Jordan too.
JMaine Cathcart::Lakers get the win... Kobe haters have now all exited the board
Graham Strouse::Still here! :-)
JMaine Cathcart::Graham Strouse LOL..  well anything to say
Jp Dench::and Kobe did what?????? bahahahaha please, just another terrible team bending over to this loser franchise
Jody George Prats::Kobe lied to Mitch Kupchek when he said he was back and would be able to play at high level. His jumper was predicated on getting lift and that is gone forever. He is finished. Does anyone think the Lakers paid him all that money to drop a few dimes every night while not playing defense and turning the ball over at a historic rate?
David Zimmerman::They did whether they like it or not. They knew they were taking a semi gamble by giving him that money. Its not like the Lakers would be good with the old Kobe anyhow. This way they might even snag a top 4 pick in next year's draft.
Justin Jenkins::You're judging him after 3 games?  Give him a month then will talk.
Jason Fleck::He is four games in, give the man a break. I watched tonight, several of those turnovers were not his fault even though the stats ahow otherwise. I also noticed he got his shot at will and fairly easy. He had a solid night besides TOs and that will continue to improve.
Jeff Francis::is this his 4th game back since the career ruining injury? and he almost has a triple double!?!? once he limits his turnovers, everything will be good again
Mike Dixon::Agreed about Kobe.  Looks better every night.  As for the Lakers, things won't be good until they decide to play defense on a consistent basis.
Graham Strouse::Mike Dixon And Kobe can't play D anymore, Mike! That's an issue...
Aj Iceberg::Graham Strouse He hasn't played d in three years, its not that big of a deal. nor is this new news.
Jared Keller::I'm a Charlotte Bobcats fan and give props to Kobe. He may have had quite a few turnovers, but he looked like he was starting to get his legs under him tonight and as he continues to get more playing time he will be back to the same Kobe. Too bad the Bobcats lost tonight, but they are better than they have been in years and hopefully they can get things together, add a piece or two in the off-season, and maybe be an above .500 team next season. A lot to ask for from a team that has struggled and has a new coach, but why not be optimistic?
John Martin::Jared:  The lament of a loser. The other guy is great and we are not really horrible.  Man up.
Ryan Sickles::Lakers had 23 FTA and Bobcats only had 8 FTA... and Lakers still almost lost to the Bobcats by getting all the calls.
Dean Payne::and? 20 year plus laker fan and i know this team sucks we will take a win anyway we can get it
Klaniou Roulous::Kobe gonna need another month to work out kinks. By All Star break he should be at 80%. Kobe Hill Sacre Young Wes;ey Meeks Farmar and Xavier hopefully stay.  Rest gotta go.  Need a Kyle Lowry guy for starting PG a good SF someone like Ariza and then KLove.  Thats the 2 yr plan.  When Kobe retires, Russell will come over.
Marvelous Marvin Hanso::Nick Young is poop.
JMaine Cathcart::Marvelous Marvin Hanso K-mart brand JR Smith
Mike Dixon::Young is fine off the bench.
Tomas Rainbolt::If the Lakers traded Gasol for an old gym bag that had nothing in it but a dirty, sweat filled towel and pair of over-used athlete's foot fungus laden sneakers they'd be asking wayyy too much. What a pathetic excuse for a professional athlete. I mean really, there's only one more step to Gasol walking off the court and bawling in the corner like an over-expectant spoiled little brat of a child.
Marco Paz::Lmao well said. He's a bum ON the court. Great person tho.
Ron Schaffer::He was a major part of 2 Laker championships.
Jared Keller::Like most people in this world you seem to have short-term memory. Gasol has been a great big man in the NBA. D'Antoni's offense does not pair up with Gasol's game. I'm a Charlotte Bobcats fan and would love to have Gasol play for them. He may not be a top defensive player, but his offensive game is nothing to laugh at. D'Antoni is wasting the talent his has in Gasol and it's a shame. Either way this is Kobe's team and they will go as he goes.
JMaine Cathcart::There's too many games in a NBA season to be looking too much into a few games since Kobe's return..  there's no way Kobe 100% healthy doesn't make the Lakers a better team..  If anything, they are that much deeper at the SG position.. The Lakers problem is their horrible defense.. not Kobe.
Jp Dench::Kobe and their horrible defense*
JMaine Cathcart::If u say so..
Steve Carroll::Joshua Dench- The defense was good in the 4th quarter, and that's why they won. Simple math, the less points you give up, the less you have to score to win.
Jeff Francis::lol. kobe almost has a triple double and you guys still find ways to bash his game. if you are trying to point out something other than the turnovers you're just hating. you can call him a "ball stopper" but he still has more assists than anyone on the team and is shooting a decent percentage
Graham Strouse::He almost has a quadruple-double & that's the problem.
Jp Dench::kobe is a ball hogger and way past his prime, the lakers get mutilated by a good team and only beat a poor team cause they get the butterflies at the end and you're back boasting again. We're in reality when you're ready to come back.
Jeff Francis::Joshua Dench not boasting about the lakers, just defending kobe's game. the lakers will be an 8th or 7th seed at best, i was pointing out that kobe had a good game, but for some reason people act as though he stunk up the court. when you say ball hog, do you mean unselfish as he led the team in assists?? or do you mean that he wasn't actually chucking up shots as his shooting percentage was at a respectable number? he may have been unselfish to a fault, as most of his turnovers came trying to set up teammates
Vladimir Tsalyuk::kinda weird that the lakers were playing such good ball before kobe returned and then all of a sudden they stink. Its not even his fault he hasn't been a ball hog since the return. I guess some teams just play harder when their star is out
JMaine Cathcart::Playing good ball?  hovering around .500??
Damyan Sanchez::They were playing better without Kobe but with Kobe's presence everyone is scared to take a shot without Kobe chewing them out during a time out.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::Damyan Sanchez hehe u might be right..but it always worked for the bulls with jordan
Jorge Alberto Valenzuela::I was at the stadium. Kobe owned this game. He played an extremely unselfish game to the tune of 8 assists. His jumper was there all game. I was very impressed
Christopher Rains::He was unselfish to the Bobcats too......7 turnovers.
Timmy Mohsen Harivandi::To all the haters out there, Kobe was sniffing triple double territory... not too shabby, not too shabby!!!
Tyke Pierce::lol ya. what a w
Won Choi::The funny thing is they showed Jordan at the end and I bet he was just watching Kobe thinking "I miss my playing days".
Emil Sugak::He was thinking I can whip that punk A kobrick anytime anywhere.
Mike Dixon::Yeah, it's just Charlotte, but it's also the backend of a b2b on the road.  We'll take it.
JMaine Cathcart::Just Charlotte??  news flash Lakers fans...  the Lakers are about as good as Bobcats..  The Lakers aren't a good team anymore.. ever since D'Antoni came to town
Aj Iceberg::Cathcart Jermaine thank you mr obvious.
Jeff Francis::if kobe had a few less turnovers then he would have had an mvp type game. im surprised that the haters are expecting this from him. it's probably because they know how good he is capable of being
Brenden Elwood::a lot of his turnover are because pau cant catch the ball
Klaniou Roulous::some of those turnovers were on people not catching passes
Mike Dixon::He's also not a PG.  They'll drop a lot once Farmar comes back.
Christopher Rains::Some Laker fans said I wouldn't post anything about Kobe or the Lakers once they win now that Kobe has returned.  Kobe Bryant 7 turnovers and needed to play the bobkittens to get a W w/Kobe.
Mike Rose::In other words, you hate people who are more successful than you. Keep crying.
Christopher Rains::Crying?  Lakers didn't get Phil back instead they hired Mike D'Antoni.  D12 walked out the door and the Lakers nothing back in return. The Lakers just made a 35 year old coming off a achilles the highest salary in the league.  Oh Mike n Gasol are constantly fighting and the Lakers are 11-12.  Crying?  Far from it I'm laughing my a$$ off.
Kevin Gipson::Too all of the Kobe butt-sniffers...he isn't 25 anymore. No more rings for the Lakers as long as they are paying a 35 year old 25 million per year.
Alan Ogg::EVERYONE had lakers jerseys on today at the mall. what a bunch of fairweather fans. this is why i can never take la team's 'fans' seriously
Scott Baker::Supporting the Lakers even when they have a losing record is being fair weather fan? You confuse me fella.
Alan Ogg::Scott Baker supporting them only after they win is a bad thing..
Marvelous Marvin Hanso::This facebook commenting on ESPN sucks.  Posts disappear, then reappear.  This BS.
JMaine Cathcart::Indeed it is
Josh Jordan::Kobe begging STern to schedule the Bobcats as their opponents the rest of the season
Sai Kong::With Dwight Howard last year barely made .500. Now with just an old gimp expect much worse.
Nick DiSanto::Hm funny... last year they were 10-14 at this point in the season... 11-12 is much worse huh?
Chance Colione::I wouldn't mind 21-7-8 from Kobe for the rest of his career. It would be dope.
William Cutting::21-7-8 on 50%+ shooting by Kobe and the Kobe hate is kept to a minimum lol
Lee Buntoum::With the current standings; These 11-12 Lakers would be the 4th seed in the eastern conference,  Lebron has had a way tougher path in his career to the playoffs....  ..... ......
Mike Dixon::If the Lakers played in the East they'd probably be 15-8.
JMaine Cathcart::The East is horrible..  the 4th best team in the east has a losing record.. LOL
Lee Buntoum::Mike Dixon  Lakers have the 6th hardest schedule while the Heat has the 29th hardest schedule on 30 teams.  http://espn.go.com/nba/stats/rpi/_/sort/SOS
