Jay Dee::TRADE JIMMER!!!!!!!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Jay Dee - just my opinion, but i believe jimmer will be gone before the february trade deadline. Kings are just looking to get something worth the value, instead of just trading him, just to make a trade.
Chad Wiggins::when fredette has been inserted into the rotation, the kings are 2 and 2..... smh..... he is the only king not to play tonight.... gosh i hate this freeking scamchise
Ernest Bagdasaryan::McLemore with the game tying 3.
Brendan Hobbz Phillips::You only allow 130 points by making almost NO effort. Have some pride in yourselves. If this keeps up, I will have no choice but to join the mob calling for Tyrone Corbin's job.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Sorry UTAH fans, Kings win this one by 10-15 pts. Both teams at 4 wins this season lol !
Kory Sellers::Free Jimmer!  Let him play or trade him!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I think he will be gone in the next month or so !
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Prediction came true, as i stated the kings would win this game by 10 pts. Just took an extra Q to do it. Either way neither of teams are going to do anything special. NBA draft lottery is their future !
Keith Dennis::Jimmer the only player to DNP CD while Thornton and Vasquez continue to stink it up.  Cousins should have scored 45 but they dont go to him and he does not demand it.   Time to grow up.
Matt Elmore::Lol when you play 21 minutes like Vasquez does, how can you put up significant production? It's okay, he'll come to the Lakers and put up 14 and 10 per game, and the Kings will look like fools again haha
Amanda Logan::FREE JIMMER why free isaiah tohmas he gets to play every game and they treat jimmer like crap FREE JImmer
Scott Claspell::Kings win by double digits, Cousins goes for 29 and 16. They are giving money away in vegas
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I agree, kings got this by 10+ pts. Cousins seems to always have big numbers against the jazz, look at his first 3 years.
Randy Dixon::Lol you sound like a complete idiot..anyone who bet the kings should be slapped
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Randy Dixon LOL who is the idiot now, kings win by 10, and cousins had a monster game. have a good day ;)
Spencer Lazara::did cousins get hurt?why only 7nminutes?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::He picked up 2 early fouls in 2 mins into the game.
George Jimas::thankfully the cripple jimmer isn't in.
Jesse Dixon::Pipe down you jack wagon.
George Jimas::Jesse Dixon looks like i was right, big overtime win for sac.
Brent Doty::Free Jimmer!
Box Breakerz::free isaiah thomas!
Paul Andrew Schumann::How many fans came to this game to watch Jimmer play? Seriously, with both teams struggling this year, Jimmer puts fans in the seats. To not play him at all shows a lack of the King's coach being an ambassador of the game. The NBA is still a business, and fans drive coaches' salaries. Even Coach Smart would give Jimmer some minutes in front of the home town Utah crowd. For the sake of the game, trade Jimmer!
Brian Dillard::They didn't extend his contract, in my opinion, he should go to Utah next season
Paul Andrew Schumann::agreed!
Brendan Hobbz Phillips::Oh my goodness Utah Jazz. How do you allow a team to score 130 points? That is awful. For a team that has prided themselves on defense for years, that is just embarassing. I mean, losing by 32 is bad enough, but even worse is allowing that many points. I would have been less disturbed about it if you lost 100-68... but 130 points!!!???!!! Wow....  Well... on the bright side... we are in great position to score a top draft pick this off-season. It's pretty bad 21 games in to the season, and I am already talking about the off-season. Sigh...
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Kings fan here, i know how you feel, we had a few games like this in the maloofs era as owners of a pro basketball team. Dont worry it gets better. Looks like one of our squads will get their 5th win LOL. Good news is, next years draft is loaded from 1 - 10 picks, possibility of multiple sleepers out of the lottery is very high. Utah has a few draft picks in the 1st round, correct ?
Brendan Hobbz Phillips::Yep... one of our teams will get that 5th win tomorrow. I do believe we have two first round picks next year. Our own (which should be high), as well as Golden State's first round pick. (probably mid to late first round) It should get better, because it can't get much worse.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Brendan Hobbz Phillips Thats something to look forward to. At this point i dont want the kings to end up winning enough games to be in the middle of the draft. Nothing good happens to teams who win 30-40 games, hit or miss the playoffs. End up getting bounced out in the 1st round by the top 3 teams, and then repeat the same story again the next season, by only a small margin of wins. I rather have 1 or 2 bad seasons, get high draft picks, get a star player with supportive players around him, and start aiming for a championship. Otherwise you will have a mediocre team in and out every year.
Matt Elmore::Don't worry Greivis Vasquez. You'll soon be on a team who understands that you averaged 9 assists per game last year and are a potential double-double guy in this league. Let the Kings fool themselves into thinking Nate Robinson 2.0 is their franchise savior at PG haha
George Jimas::are you mad because you have vasquez on your fantasy team? if you watched you would realize he's really not that good.
Jacob Dockter::this game is over folks. Kings losing to tank. Should of realized utah playing at home so they would try a bit harder giving them a win. Kings dont even care at this pt. you can tell by the effort they re are giving out. they will end the half with less then 35 pts. watch
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Jacoby Dockter - Half time score 47-50. I would have to disagree as far as the kings not caring. The last 4 games they lost by a total of 11 points. thats about 2.75 pts a game. They have been giving more effort this season ( something we havent seen since 2007 ) You are correct on the notion of tanking, they really dont have to try that hard to tank, Kings seem to have trouble closing games. I still think kings win this one by 10 pts.
Jacob Dockter::Ernest Bagdasaryan i dunno they looked pretty turrible. it was a nice come back to get it close. just not feeling it. cousins needs to step up huge for the kings to win this.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Jacob Dockter True he does need to step up. He picked up 2 early fouls 2 mins into the game. set down until 7 min mark of the 2nd quarter.
Mang Artemio::utah should have won this game in regular time, but instead evans fouling thomas and making both ft in the last 37 sec. they should have covered the odds if they played straight up defense.
Brandon Tigues::Isaiah Thomas is my sixth man of the year so far..averaging 17 ppg and nearly 5 assist a game, to bad he won't get a fair chance to win it though because the team he plays for sucks.
Jesse Hiatt::Same story as always, if Hayward comes to play, we'll have a good chance of winning... if Hayward continues to be a bust, the Jazz will lose.
Raymond Dwyer::Yep it does ent look like ben is going be rookie of the year  if he plays like this
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Maybe, but he has been improving with more mins. This game he put up 13 pts, 7 rebs, 2 stls, 1 blk. I think his only going to get better.
Alexander Paul::Thank u nerlens Noel is
Michael Scott Beck::Lose by double digits in overtime, huh.  Good job Jazz.
Jacob Dockter::9-0 run. so typical of my day. so t'ing rypical.
MiQuel Carniel::This must be a pick up game or something
Francis Gagné::Embarassing....
Eddie L. Story::That's what I said last night when Kings blew lead against Lakers
