yardog59::LOL at bandwagon Heat fans. You guys crack me up.
Rossi46Doctor::LOL bitter Miami fans with their pathetic, one fluke title expansion franchise following us around begging for attention....
Wide_Spread_Ruin::Trailblazers are back baby,  And I guess Lucasanity was very short lived
THines12::i was at the game, and i'd love to offer some in depth analysis as to why we lost but i was too hammered to remember anything. and i didn't get a freakin big mac
j512334::blazers should hire derek fisher for coach next year
29thrasher::wow!!!! Its a saturday afternoon and Heat fans come on here and talk smack... I just lost all respect and have no desire to debate with any of yall!!!!! Im out!!!!!!
jtyree0226::Brian Scalabrine DNP Coach's Decision??? No wonder they lost.
Rossi46Doctor::Two words for Miami: NBA Draft. Sorry you had to settle for Michael Beasley's pot-smoking, underachieving a$$
Nanrad_91::You all know what the person meant and most people treat NBA like one word.
Rossi46Doctor::Well, don't expect bitter Miami trolls to make any sense... heeee
imwithstupid46::lol idiot
Dane Kitazaki::btw nba draft is 4 words.  lol
Dane Kitazaki::2 words for u. free agency, it all turned out for the best
Nanrad_91::I find it funny that the Heat Trolls say that we should slow down before we crown the Bulls Finals champions, but haven't they been doing that even before the Big 2 1/2 had their first practice? Just a thought.
imwithstupid46::exactly... smh.. if only they knew what awaits them come playoff time...bulls couldnt do it last year with the best record..
Nanrad_91::Heat fans are overconfident.
imwithstupid46::and the heat can win without wade too... the heat actually beat the bulls earlier this year with rose playing but everybody forgot about that
inglehacker::Lebron is clearly the best player on the team.  But Wade and Rose are on about the same level, so they're a better comparison.
Nanrad_91::They can win without Wade, but not without Bosh. And correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought LeBRon was the best player on the team--Wade is just more clutch.
Dane Kitazaki::they have to make themselves feel better somehow
Nanrad_91::No, we are proud that our team did well without the MVP. For a long time, even now, it is seen as Derrick Rose and the Bulls. The Bulls are proving that they are a team and can win without Rose. That is something to be proud of.
Nanrad_91::Why do you have to be so negative? Bulls fans are proud of our record with Rose playing, but we are even more proud because the Heat is tough competition and no one thought they would win. Even if we lost and it was close, we would still be proud because it proves that we don't always need Rose.
Dane Kitazaki::ok whatever floats ur boat i guess
Dane Kitazaki::u guys act like a parade is coming after a series tie so far
Rossi46Doctor::I seem to remember a rock concert stage with fireballs and cheerleaders, before they even played a game LOL...   Not 1, not 2, not 3.... NOT ANY
Nanrad_91::The Heat Trolls say that they aren't in their forum because we troll their board--WRONG. I just think their board may be Troll Central and it is hard competing for attention against other trolls who took years to perfect their craft. They've only had two years compared to the many others who existed before them. lol
Nanrad_91::No, I just think you guys have trolls from various teams. You (Heat Trolls) are the main trolls here, and then there is whatever team we are playing. There may be some Bulls trolls, but you also have Lakers, Celtics, and every other team on there as well. We don't deal with the same troll infestation as you. Also, you just notice the Bulls trolls because of competition not because we are the only team that may troll you. But, Heat trolls are always here like the Chicago fans.
Nanrad_91::The Jordan era is always relevant.
Dane Kitazaki::Buy a title?  could swear every other team woulda did the same thing lol.  Jordan, cant argue with that but that was so long ago it doesnt matter now
PlayerPresident1::you hit it on the head, rossi!  lol
Dane Kitazaki::i beg to differ chicago has as much trolls as well.  and im in this room because this is the only room with people in it.
Rossi46Doctor::So sad, how they beg for attention.  Jordan whipped them in the 90's, they got one fluke title in 2006, and now they're trying to buy a title with this clusterf*ck of a team
PlayerPresident1::nanrad, that dude is up in this room because beating the bulls consume and preoccupy his thoughts daily.
Dane Kitazaki::silly, it happenes both ways.
nba is the worst::Heatles didn't win even ONE playoff series last year without being handed multiple games with double-digit ft margins.  Will their usual ref help happen again this year?
Rossi46Doctor::^The lone defender of the little expansion franchise.   Hee hee
Dane Kitazaki::that happened over 20 years ago, thanks for the news update
Dane Kitazaki::usually happens when u take the ball to the hole
Dane Kitazaki::no the 6ers are a shooting team, so is the celtics.  stop crying
nba is the worst::As if other teams don't?  A review of the shot charts prove that that wasn't the reason.  Not to mention all the no-calls the heatles get despite massive contact on the defensive end of the court
Rossi46Doctor::Why do the Heat fans come and nip at our heels like a little tiny doggie, begging for attention?  We beat your sorry team.  Run along now, back to your own boards
Dane Kitazaki::i would but too much bulls fans in there.
Dane Kitazaki::no just pointing out ur confusing debates
PlayerPresident1::exactly, rossi
Rossi46Doctor::Hmmm name calling... the last resort of the defeated.
Dane Kitazaki::once again, credibility.  U brought this topic up u donkey
Rossi46Doctor::Oh, are we talking about the past? LOL cool, cuz if we are, let's talk about 6 rings to 1. Thank you, play again?
Dane Kitazaki::O ur crediblity took a hit when u said the heat got stomped.  u know the heat won right?
Rossi46Doctor::BWAHAHA!  Dude, that is the greatest!  ^Heat fan logic there... "Yeah, we got stomped, but damm D Wade was efficient!"
Dane Kitazaki::haha dont be butt hurt d wade put together the most efficient finals
Rossi46Doctor::LOL shoo, little doggie.  Call us when your franchise wins more than one fluke title
Dane Kitazaki::actually it sounds like u were the one crying bro lol
Rossi46Doctor::Need a tissue?
nba is the worst::So did the Blazers' new coach use to be a video coordinator or something?  ;)
RyanCarranza::Good win for Portland.  Bulls came out flat and couldn't pull away.  Not happy about it, but ya can't win em all
Rossi46Doctor::They did. I expected them to have a problem getting up for the Blazers after Wednesday's game
Dane Kitazaki::gotta pass the time somehow
Rossi46Doctor::Yet you keep coming back to try and get the last word... LOL
Dane Kitazaki::no dude im not at all
PlayerPresident1::yep, u irked.
Dane Kitazaki::dont flatter urself.  u give urself too much credit. smh
PlayerPresident1::i see i'm irking you.  that's whats up!
Dane Kitazaki::umm pay attenetion sometime
PlayerPresident1::don't fool yourself.
Dane Kitazaki::not neccessarily.  because regular season records often dont reflect post season outcomes
PlayerPresident1::the better team has the best record in the nba too.
Dane Kitazaki::Thats what im saying.  just like wednesday, sometimes the better team loses because someone gets hot like lucas
PlayerPresident1::bottom line, blazer is not a better team than the bulls.  blazers were the better team "last night" but not the better team period.  good win for them though.
Dane Kitazaki::no just say they lost.. I know what getting up for a game is and the fact is, they led at the half and after 3 quarters,  so they came to play.
Rossi46Doctor::You might be over-thinking this a little bit. Just saying.
Dane Kitazaki::that comment makes u so full-o $@%!
Dane Kitazaki::how?
Rossi46Doctor::You can read, I see.
Dane Kitazaki::oh ok,  i gotta say something about this comment.  u knew the bulls were gonna have a hard time against the blazers?
nba is the worst::<b>Say, how's lebr0n play in the Finals?</b>
Dancing_Chalupa::Better than anyone on the Bulls. They can't even get there. Last night was exposure.
Dane Kitazaki::who r u talking to?
_MagiCanes_::How about Tuesday night? lol
Dane Kitazaki::its not about feeling better, u said the heat got exposed.  i said it took a hot player to beat em.
Rossi46Doctor::LOL ok bud, tell yourself anything you have to to feel better. Good luck with that
Dane Kitazaki::uh, yeah it was.  lucas dont shoot that good normally.  and i thought we talking bball? why u turning it into a spelling bee?
Rossi46Doctor::Uh, no. And use spell check.
Dane Kitazaki::uh, weds was an anomoly
Rossi46Doctor::Wednesday night was exposure for the Heat
Rossi46Doctor::Like he wishes he was home, hiding in his closet with his blankie and some oreos
ScalabrineSwag::Yo rossi46doctor im sorry. Thought you were flagging and hating on me
Rossi46Doctor::LOL np I only flag crappy cHeat fans
ScalabrineSwag::Lol nice
Rossi46Doctor::Who cares that we lost to Portland.  I'll take a loss to Portland all day as long as we flatten the Lukewarm
Dancing_Chalupa::35 pts. Guess he'd have had 90 if you didn't flatten him.
Rossi46Doctor::If you're talking about LeBron... isn't it funny that he had 33 of his 35 points at the end of the third quarter?
ScalabrineSwag::you a bulls fan or a heat fan?
Dane Kitazaki::sounda like a bulls fan
Dane Kitazaki::Well, the Bulls do have a deep team, but bulls fans, before u crown them, just know that depth doesnt play as big a role play-offs compared to the regular season.  Starters see more minutes, and rotations get smaller in the playoffs.
Rossi46Doctor::And the sky is blue.
ScalabrineSwag::What the heck is your problem dude?
ScalabrineSwag::In the playoffs its very important to have a deep bench so that you can give your starters rest so that they can be more fresh during crunch time.
Dane Kitazaki::depends on the situation, but the teams u play will play their starters more.  the bulls success right now is that their bench is better than most benches.  and since this season has a messed up schedule, coaches are making more of an effort to limit starters minutes.  but in the playoffs this advantage tends to go away
Nanrad_91::Truth be told, I'm not worried about the Bulls. Despite injuries from Rose, Rip, Deng, Noah, etc, we still have the best seed and the starting five hasn't even played that many games together. Our Bench Mob is becoming stronger, more confident, and dominant. ONCE we get rid of injuries, it'll be scary how great the Bulls will be.
Nanrad_91::Dane, stop trying to be a smarta.ss. You get rid of injuries by resting and taking the proper measures to make sure they don't get worse or reoccur. I'm not saying abolish injuries because that is impossible, but as of now, we have injured players.
ScalabrineSwag::Lol poned you chalupa.
Dane Kitazaki::How do u get rid of injuries?
ScalabrineSwag::O geez im sorry dude.
Rossi46Doctor::I wasn't talking to you, Scal, lol wtf
ScalabrineSwag::No not you...Rossi46Doctor flagged me bc i was going against the heat.
Dancing_Chalupa::I don't flag people.
ScalabrineSwag::Did you seriously just flag me bc im a bulls fan and you're a heat fan? WOW
Rossi46Doctor::flagged, mr butthurt. How's JL3's peepee taste?
ScalabrineSwag::Says the one with the doll as the profile picture! Gay boy? Are you 10?
Dancing_Chalupa::^^gay boy that has to use another mans name^
ScalabrineSwag::^Butt hurt heat fan^
Dancing_Chalupa::It is called. "having a fantasy".
Dane Kitazaki::Damn, portland has some hard luck. they looked like a team with some promise.  if oden could even see the floor thed have a really good team.  LA, Batum, are very good young players.  Without injuries and before the wallace trade, their projected starting line up would be C-Oden, PF- LA, SF, Wallace, SG- Batum (6th man sometimes) PG- Roy.  that looks stacked to me.  I dunno why they traded wallace.  Also, just thinking about their bad drafts, they coulda had jordan and durant
Dancing_Chalupa::They have clearly had some bad luck. They just have to move ahead, make some good draft picks, and build back up.
nba is the worst::Oden was waived this week - try to keep up!
Dane Kitazaki::who the hell cares about grammar u donkey
nba is the worst::Correct language usage includes proper tense - if oden "could have" even seen the floor"
Dancing_Chalupa::Forgive them. They are all really smart. We have much to learn from their ignorance.
Dane Kitazaki::if u read instead of just being ignorant that starting lineup is if he and roy didnt get hurt would look damn good
Dane Kitazaki::I know he was waived
sjr1893::BLACKHAWKS!!
ttecza::What's with Dancing_Chalupa? Bipolar? Some random comments from this guy.
nba is the worst::From the Spanish-English dictionary:  chalupa[chah-loo’-pah] adjective 2. Crazy. http://www.spanishdict.com/translate/chalupa
ttecza::A snack?
ScalabrineSwag::A bandwagon idiot heat fan.
Rossi46Doctor::Just flag all his posts. They're borderline enough to get him banned. He'll have to write espn a pleading letter to get reinstated so he can come get more abuse from us.
ScalabrineSwag::Why you like dolls so much? You still play with them...it that why you were inspired to use it as you profile picture.
Dancing_Chalupa::I don't have to use the name of another man like you. That about says all there is to need to know about you.
ScalabrineSwag::Says the one with the doll as his picture. :)
Dancing_Chalupa::Either you are a child or gay,.. to still type sissy  LMFAO and the rest of the girly texts.  Are there any grown ups in here that are real Bulls fans?
ScalabrineSwag::Heat fan calling bull fan a bandwagoner. LMFAO ROFL
ttecza::Right! I should have known.
Dancing_Chalupa::Funny stuff coming from a bandwagoneer trollette.
RunTheBall22::goin to be a good game tonight but I doubt many people watch this one, it's the best day of the year!!  St. Patrick's Day!!!!! LETS DRINK TO THE BULLS the number one TEAM BABY!!!
Dancing_Chalupa::Nothing like spending 12 hours filling your body with green food coloring then feeling like an alien taking a green $@%!.
ttecza::Bulls will be wearing the greens tonight.
PlayerPresident1::who gives a $h.t about irish green.
Dane Kitazaki::best day of the year?  i gotta say its the super bowl
Dane Kitazaki::lol
ttecza::For beer fans, its tonight. lol
ScalabrineSwag::JL3 24 points against one of the best defensive teams in the league. And also remember: He is our third string PG.
Dane Kitazaki::he had a good game, but howd he do last night?  its the law of averages, reality is he's a 40% shooter from the field and 33% from the arc.
Dancing_Chalupa::Yep. 1 fade away. He really owned him. You really came thru with the stats to back yourself up. You are the NBA dictionary. Just incredible.
nba is the worst::So is lebr0n's 10-11 hot streak in Utah.  But passing with the game on the line - for a loss?
ScalabrineSwag::Whatever it was on lebron so that makes it awesome.
Dane Kitazaki::I gotta say that fade away is nothing to brag about. It was nice, but he misses that more than he makes it.  he was hot, but u know it was an anomoly
ScalabrineSwag::Fade away jumper on him
Dancing_Chalupa::Because he couldn't.  I still want to see your proof of Lebron being owned by him that you have claimed along with many other Bulls trolls.
ScalabrineSwag::He scored like 4 points again lebron but it was at the end of the game and he didnt shoot much. HAPPY
Dancing_Chalupa::You basically just closed the book on yourself. Enough of this subject. You talk with no walk.
ScalabrineSwag::The fact that lucas is so good and is a third stringer proves how good and deep our bench is.
ScalabrineSwag::Wont believe it until you give me a link.
Dancing_Chalupa::So you are making him out to sound like he is the joke of the team, but still claim to have the best bench of all time, 12 deep, etc. You can't have it both ways sissy boy. make a choice, and can you hurry with those stats I asked for. You can prove what you said right?  Hurry up.
Dane Kitazaki::i dunno, a rookie in one of his first games or a veteran 3rd stringer.  Id go with the rook
ScalabrineSwag::Wasnt a 3rd string player though.
Dane Kitazaki::The heat had a rookie score 20+ against the celtics.
ScalabrineSwag::When was the last time a 3rd string player on your awesome team got 24 pts?
Dancing_Chalupa::He averages maybe 6 pts a game. The other night was that 1 night of his life he will always remember, that single career night. Good for him. But he is still what his shooting average says he is.
Dancing_Chalupa::Still waiting on those 1 on 1 stats against lebron you are supposed to show to back you up about Lebron being owned by him besides a lucky fade away. Hurry hurry. We are still waiting.
ttecza::The Bulls got tangled in the trip wire last night. They cruised thru 3 quarters and ran out of gas in the 4th. No excuses in this one. The Blazers came to play and beat us. Its tough sometimes watching Aldridge play for the Blazers. Lets get this one tonight.  Go Bulls!
Dane Kitazaki::portland just played to their potential last night.  coaching changes are a slap in the face to players sometimes and they wake up
Dane Kitazaki::No the got punched in the face by a lucas led bulls
ScalabrineSwag::And the Heat got punched in the face by a Rose-less Bulls on Wed.
Dancing_Chalupa::Yep, the bully got punched in the face last night. Good win for the Blaze.
Dane Kitazaki::No Lucas miracle shots tonight i guess.  6ers roll tonight
nba is the worst::Sixers now 8-13 vs .500+ teams.  Yet they're in 3rd in the garbage east...
Dane Kitazaki::6ers always gives chi problems
ScalabrineSwag::HAHA you wish.
ScalabrineSwag::And dancing Chalupa is the biggest idiot heat fan ever. We beat you f.a.g.gots by 2 without our best player, the MVP of the league, and your "star" got owned by our third string PG JL3
Dancing_Chalupa::Ok, I am sure you all will post the stats of Lucas owning lebron. Lucas against lebron stats only. Hurry now,.. run along.
Dancing_Chalupa::Owned? Because your guy made 1 fade away over him before getting shut down? Lebron didn't play him till into the 4th quarter. Come on, think of something better to try and insult with.
Dancing_Chalupa::As I thought. You can't produce stats, just more silliness.
ScalabrineSwag::Like if you think that Lebron got owned by JL3 on Wed.
Dancing_Chalupa::Of coarse he did. Let's all play along and let you think you are right. We do not want to anger you.
ScalabrineSwag::In my last comment i said that that he owned people like chalmers and wade so lebron was put on him...then he owned lebron too. Just admit...your  team and star player got owned by our 3rd string PG!
nba is the worst::"and he owned freaking lebron too"  How did he "change it"?
Dancing_Chalupa::Which is it? You said he owned Lebron. Now you change it. Come on, make up your mind.  You see, Lucas happened to have the game of his life Wednesday. But instead of saying what is, you choose to insult instead of speak the game. These are reasons why I treat some of you like I do. I really find it hard to take anything some of you say seriously at all. That is why to me, all I see is a bandwagoning troll, in each one of you shi.t talkers. Speak the game, or go play in your booster chair.
ScalabrineSwag::He was owning other players on your team before that such as Chalmers and Wade so thats why Lebron was put on him...and he owned freaking lebron too.
ScalabrineSwag::It is one game...we are clearly better than the trailblazers...we just fell into a trap game. And once again rose didnt play
Dancing_Chalupa::You really going to use that lame excuse again, after playing a team in complete dismay after what they just went thru with players and the firing on their coach?  Can't you do better than that?
nba is the worst::Clearly Chalupa doesn't play the game
ScalabrineSwag::Omgosh...every team in the league wants to be #1 team. You are an absolute incompetent moron.
nba is the worst::We all know he's full of it regardless.  ;)
Dancing_Chalupa::I doubt that is the important thought with them. That is a goal. I doubt its their goal. They are aiming at the bigger picture.
ScalabrineSwag::If he says no he is so full of it.
nba is the worst::In your opinion, are the heatles trying for the #1 seed?
Dancing_Chalupa::Oh, I guess you post your incredible basketball knowledge at some other boards then. I was wondering why you only post garbage here. I get it,.. Jekyl and Hyde.
nba is the worst::No one called me - but unlike you, I do know bball, son
Dancing_Chalupa::Bet you were proud of that record last year too.
Dancing_Chalupa::Did Pat Riley and Spo call you personally and tell you what seeding they have to be? You must be famous to have such celebrities calling you.
nba is the worst::Heatles fans don't think Riley and Spo want the #1 seed.
ScalabrineSwag::I am proud of having the best record thank you very much. Feels pretty good to be 3 games ahead of you and being on our way to home court advantage throughout the playoffs.
ScalabrineSwag::Thankyou dude. This dude doesnt understand common sense.
Dancing_Chalupa::Doesn't seem that clearly to me or many others. You just choked. The Bulls are not immune to getting beat. Better record eh? Yeeehaw!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Best in the world!!!!!!!!!!!  You must be proud.
nba is the worst::Note: the team with the better record winning ISN'T an "upset".  Smh
ScalabrineSwag::We are clearly the better team. We have a better record and we beat you without our freaking best player.
Dancing_Chalupa::You just admitted it. Now you see why even though we lost to the Bulls, I am not bothered. Any team can pull the upset.
ScalabrineSwag::Dude, any team can beat any team on any given night. Nobody in the freaking league thinks that Portland is better than CHitown
Olliebasketballs::Dumb night to take a game off, Bulls.   Teams always give their best effort the game after a coach gets fired.  This should have been an easy win, and  the usual suspects didn't even bother to play a second of defense, in fact the best D came from Boozer.  We had a chance to build a cushion in the standings going into the next two games, now they are a must win.  Lucas had the hot hand, yet CJ started?  Predictably, both ended up sucking.  We need a SG so bad that it hurts.  How the hell did we mess that up for the second year in a row?  Come on management...
Dancing_Chalupa::Getting manhandled at home by a team in dismay, it has to be pretty embarrassing. Great job. No heart. This means they will come back with a few excuses,.. then start Lebron bashing to try and cover things up. Clearly not a championship team.
Dancing_Chalupa::SuckTheBall22, I am not bothered at all about Wednesday. It was just a game on the schedule. Losses will happen. I don't get all uptight about seedings. And I promise you, there isn't anything you say that I find informative with meaning. Your insults have no effect on me. I am no child. But nice try if it helps your ego troll.
Dancing_Chalupa::Nah, you're still a troll. So I doubt you are done.
Gex.2::honestly ollie any common sense does not get through to chalupa.  he's filled with too much rage to form a logical thought.  it's a waste of time talking to him and i'm done starting now
Dancing_Chalupa::See, you just proved my point. When "you" are here. You being a troll talking crap. I just stoop down to your trolling levels so we can all communicate.  Stop being a troll and you won't get treated like one, and maybe not spoken to like one either.
Olliebasketballs::Loolz.  And when the Bulls win tonight, like they always do when they bounce back from a loss, unlike Miami, Chimlupus will just say something like: "StAnDiNgS DoN'T MaTtEr!!!!11!1"  Unfortunately, standing do matter this year.  The 2 seed is going to have to play Orlando in the second round this year.  If the Heat can even win that series, LeBron is going to be so worn out that he will be worthless against the Bulls. Hell, he was so worn out from Howard on Wednesday that he let John Lucas have his way with him.
Gex.2::Please.  we discuss ball all the time, you can even ask your butt buddy Dem_Canes.  it's fools like you who come and ruin it for everyone.  i've never once seen you talk ball... all you do is troll bulls boards.  and as for why i'm not in the philly board - it's because it's empty dummy.
Dancing_Chalupa::Of course. But when you trolls are on Heat boards, it's a different story eh? You and SuckTheBall22 are complete morons.  Where are the real Bulls fans. Not the bandwagoneer trolls.  I want to talk basketball.
Gex.2::every second you're in here (a bulls board), calling people trolls, you just become that much more of a hypocrite.
Dancing_Chalupa::Is that the best you can do to get a rise out of me?  You get a laugh. That's about it. Hey, just because you are all butt hurt and embarrassed for last night, deal with it. There is nothing your silly troll self can say on a chat board that I will get upset over, clearly as you 2 are with your lame troll comebacks. Tonight. Philly by 12.
RunTheBall22::never seen a heat fan so bent out of shape just because his team lost to the bulls. if the heat lose again this year this guy is goin a suicide watch for sure. and dude its so obvious your sore about that loss other wise you wouldn't be trolling so hard after a bulls loss without D Rose. you seem to really get off on this.  but I got to go get ready to party. try to settle down it's just regular season buddy, no need to go off the deep end just because JL3 now owns the heat
Dancing_Chalupa::Sure you are. That's why you are still here instead of todays convo.
Gex.2::you're quite clearly bothered, you were foaming at the mouth for a bulls loss so you could come in here and get your revenge from wed night.  it's written all over your posts.    not fooling anyone troll doll.  meanwhile any loss for us without d-rose is a writeoff.  still have the top seed, and any extra minutes our bench can get is a plus.    good win for portland, good boost for morale... but we're already thinking about tonight.
Olliebasketballs::Pffft.  Didn't we just smash you out three nights ago?  You couldn't even beat us with your typical ref hand job bs.
Nanrad_91::D_C, considering your original post had nothing to do with discussing the finer points of basketball, you don't have any room to say anything.
nba is the worst::There's the classic heatles fan "if".  Ha ha!
Gex.2::lol see what i mean
Dancing_Chalupa::I just give back to you dipshi.ts what you give. Some of you are fine to discuss the game. You and some others, nah. Just trolls and airheads spending most of your time bashing Lebron instead of talking Ball. Frauds. You bandwagoneers kill these boards.
Gex.2::"troll troll troll"  you're like the girl who cried wolf.  everyone's a troll but you.  all hypocrites.  bla bla bla.  you're like a little girl always having to get the last word, chalupa.
Olliebasketballs::That's really how you look at it?  The fact is, LeBron uses up all his effort when he plays a great player.  It's why he choked in the Finals last year, he was so worn out from guarding Rose in the ECF.  Just three nights ago, he was so worn out from playing against Howard that he got lit up, and stomped out by John Freakin Lucas. lol.  Just try to comprehend how bad LeBron is going to be in the ECF this year after he has to play an entire series against the Howard and the Magic.
Dancing_Chalupa::Nobody cares, but your silly trolling as.s keeps responding. And you are a troll. You say all your crap in Heat boards, so stop pretending you are anything but that.
RunTheBall22::and don't be so hypocritical all the time, someone might actually take you seriously. but for now your still a joke. and JL3 still schooled and stomped the heat, and I know your still sore from that. it's obvious the way your jumping on this loss. lol
Dancing_Chalupa::SuckTheBall22, trying to pretend he is smart. Not. Stop with the excuses troll. Can't you guys just accept that you choked and were outplayed on home court.
Gex.2::chalupa always the same game with you.  you come onto the bulls board and start talkin sh*t (trolling) and calling everyone who shuts you down a troll and a hypocrite (the irony!).  nobody cares what you have to say.  calling the bulls better without d-rose, thats hilarious.  the team is 28-6 with d-rose.   and  ollie - home court advantage is always important.  heat fans like to pretend they dont want the first seed but they know damn well they do.
Dancing_Chalupa::Yeah, that's why I keep seeing you trolling Heat boards. Deny it and you are a blatant liar. The Bulls didn't have DRose playing. Better for the Bulls, as they play better as a team. I do not count Rip as a starter because he never plays. So basically, we played a better Bulls team than if DRose was there, and still you guys choked up a huge lead and it almost cost you. Me, I accept a loss. Can't sin them all. You guys were favored to begin with. But, last night, you are the ones that choked. No heart. Great defense.  Troll.
RunTheBall22::lol, see what I mean, you call people trolls and than all you do is troll, and that bein a choke and having no heart is not a fact. try to go with real facts and what actually happened last night it will bother people more. you could rip on the bulls perimeter defense last night, that was not very good, or Deng bein like 1-7 from down town. if you go with real facts  people wont think your such a joke. just trying to help you out kid
Olliebasketballs::Except for last year, the standing didn't mean much.  This year, the two seed has to play Orlando.  Have fun with that.  Remember how worthless LeBron was in the Finals after having to guard Rose in the ECF?  Just imagine how sh-i-tty he's going to be after having to play a series against Howard.  Well, that's if he can even get past Orlando, which doesn't look very promising right now.
Gex.2::chalupa how can you sit here and call others a troll when you're so blatantly trolling in a bulls board?  all you need to remember is how your team got beat by the bulls' bench.  now move along.
Dancing_Chalupa::Hey troll. You can try to deflect things all you like. It doesn't change the fact of what I said.  Nice choke Bulls. No heart.
RunTheBall22::so is losing to the Bucks twice shameful? you and your one sided  hypocritical logic is shameful to all basketball fans. lol
Dancing_Chalupa::Typical Bulls troll. Blaming the refs again.
Dancing_Chalupa::So they lost. Heat won their home game against them. 1-1. But Bulls choked big time last night. Losing at home to the present Blazers, and the Nets,.. just shameful. Seems a crack in the plaster of the Bulls was exposed. Yeah, I know. You have a better record. Heard the same thing last year.
Olliebasketballs::Yeah.  Smashed.  In your fantasy world, do you get special points for margin of win?   The only reason the cHeat were in that game was because of the officiating.  Kover was fouled four separate times on that inbounds.  He was going to line no matter what happened.
RunTheBall22::Heat couldn't beat the bulls with no D rose, and Lebron had two points in the 4th. how sad is that.
Dancing_Chalupa::Smashed? Heat came back within 2 points. You guys choked a huge lead. If they'd have reviewed the inbounds pass, Heat would have been shooting to tie or win at the end. Nice try though.
ejdoutlaw75::Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha! Chicago BLOWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Miami back in first next week!
TH13beast::How many people's brackets got destroyed today?
Jaywashing::Absolutely.
nba is the worst::CLASSIC TRAP GAME LOSS, SINCE THE BLAZERS WERE ON A 2-8 LOSING STREAK.  Bulls still best record overall, 11-3 vs the West.  Heatles still third, 7-5 vs the west
Dane Kitazaki::who the hell cares what their record ws the west is?  that just means chi has more losses vs the east.  irrelevant stat
Dancing_Chalupa::Classic Choke.
williamgaddis::now that Dwight Howard sealed deal for rest of season, Bulls need to stop messing around and get semi-healthy players on the court   #1 seed now very, very big (whereas if Dwight left, like it looked he would - it was kind of arbitrary whether you got #1 or #2)
GreMy_1::all the bulls need is NIKOLA MIROTIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  anxious for this amazing draft prospect to join the bulls to replace boozer!!!!!  2013 here we come!!!!!
thederelictsoul::new coach grt game
dcovey8433::Trying to figure out how that Taj dunk didn't make the top 5 plays on SC. Considering 4 of the top 5 plays were pretty sorry.
Carlos4175::They will only make it when they face the heat or the mavz.....otherr than that they will not bother...
Joeschmo loves Heat::Meh. So the Bulls lost and my Heat get one game closer to them. Big Whoop.  Huge collapse in the 4th (though the run started in the 3rd frame). led to a bitter-tasting blow-out loss from a sub-500 team. Once again, Big Whoop. Not like we can count on the Bulls repeating this performance any time soon. If there's one thing I've learned from watching Bulls games, it's the power of consistency and post-loss effort.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::How many brackets got messed up today?
GBM04::Doesnt matter if your final 4 are still alive
Jaywashing::Mine got murdered.
sitewolf::if there's one still standing, guaranteed that person has dozens of 'em out there.....NObody picked BOTH Mizzou and Duke to lose 1st round...anyone who may have didn't also pick Ohio and South Florida
formaggio jones::Trade Oden away while they can get something good for him
sitewolf::well...still the possibility they bring him back yet again this summer....not like all those new guys will e stayin'
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Oden got waived.
tannerwightman1232::oden is gone.
fairandbalanced00::Again, what I've learned from that Heat-chicago game was: deng CAN'T guard Lebron, DWade can score on any bulls player, Bosh had one bad game, cboozer was irrelevant once again against the Heat, and a scrub pg was hitting 3's like crazy and making acrobatic shots. Very inspirational game how chicago players celebrated. Can't wait until the Heat plays against chicago with drose back at pg, no more crazy 3pointers.
ThatBullsFan::Lmao, Deng played phenomenal defense on LeBron, gtfo of here.
ejdoutlaw75::Bulls ELIMINATED by Heat in Playoffs! GUARANTEED! Just like last year!
foxcutter72::Die hard Bulls fan here but last time i checked there isn't a player in the NBA that can guard LBJ when he gets it going. Just sayin... Let's not go hating on Deng all of a sudden. He's playing through injury and just isn't gonna be the same for the rest of the season plain and simple...
fairandbalanced00::I'm just amazed how many bull fans really believe deng can guard Lebron. Got to stop lying to themselves. Lebron owned deng, period.
dcovey8433::Just like Dirk owned your heat with his german bratwurst
brad0392::Didnt say trade him for nothing, but if youve heard all the trade rumors around here since Deng joined the Bulls, he should have been traded.
csachse1::We'll give you Fellton and a bag of Dorrito's for him
brad0392::Yea, ive always been skeptical of all the love and support Deng gets and im a Bulls fan. He isnt that great and yet everyone in chicago except for myself thinks hes untradeable.
formaggio jones::Good thing hedonismbot left....boards IQ rose 30 points
csachse1::from 70 to 100
formaggio jones::Knicks are looking mighty fine now
Kobelies247::They beat the pacers..............
csachse1::Good lord. Please, please, for the love of God, don't start winning now! Time for LA to take a phantom injury and Nic to go rest up for the Galic olympics. Let's just let the youngins do their thing for the rest of the season
formaggio jones::That great pick up Okur could be a very good third center on the team
Kobelies247::Maybe you cant read i dunno but portland waved Oden yesterday afternoon!  Wake up
Kobelies247::Portland doesnt even have 1 center really lol
formaggio jones::I was goofing on the balzer people about him
Kobelies247::What about him?
formaggio jones::Greg Oden
Kobelies247::Still dont know who youre refering too....
TheHedonismBot::Looks like anyone with anything interesting to say has left and I'm going to do the same.  Enjoy the board ladies.
formaggio jones::Labron James's dad Oden
Kobelies247::Im sorry who?
formaggio jones::That #1 pick they have a few years ago
formaggio jones::Portland will be competing agains The Kings for last place next year
TheHedonismBot::Again, how many hours of your life do you waste here?
formaggio jones::no one likes them.....thanks
Kobelies247::lol
TheHedonismBot::Because all my other comments are being liked...
Kobelies247::When you like your own comment = DB
formaggio jones::stop liking your own comment, thats gay
TheHedonismBot::Good work tonight Blazers.  It's nice to see some actual teamwork for once.  Next up OKC who we're 2-0 against.
surfzone365::OKC lost at home to Cleveland, so anything is possible
formaggio jones::What color are your glasses?
Kobelies247::POrtland loves to help other teams in a funk...
surfzone365::OKC seems to be in a little funk as of late.  Best of luck vs them though
Kobelies247::Dont worry blazer fans, that little light you see at the end on the tunnel, will soon be gone again!
foxcutter72::What happened to Portland this year they where supposed to be good... I've alway's rooted for Portland, mostly cause I live in L.A. and any chance i get to root against the Lakers I take it... But I digress, Portland is just a big disappointment this year and I just don't understand why. They essentially have the same team they had last year except this year they've just been playing horrible basketball.. GO BULLS!!
Kobelies247::People on O live sure seem to think so LOL  Pathetic
Kobelies247::Portland fans are one of a kind! Im sure you dont live anywhere near the northwest so youd have no freaking idea what im talking about...
TheHedonismBot::Ok, go to every other sports team blog and tell me if there's any difference.  Knicks blogs are talking championship after 2 wins in a row.
TheHedonismBot::Really expectations aren't high in Portland right now.  We're rebuilding; but this is the best we've looked in weeks.
yorkallday::aquille carr 5'6 got 57 points in a game, averages 30 in high school committed to seton hall   espn sais carr is next big thing si compared him to nash.... NBA WATCHOUT  more on the little aquille carr http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
TomAmbat::sorry but unless he grows another 5 inches he won't translate to the LEAGUE.
SallieManda::Yeah TJ567, there was this game that set the SEC record http://bit.ly/zcantq
