Bball fan 23::Wit his luck he is gonna literally get his ankles broken when he gets crossed up one day. This guy really needs ankle insurance bad.
gmskking::"Stephen Curry tweaks ankle"  His ankles are done.  This kid will be out of NBA soon.  Sad.
Barreldarrel::to no surprise Curry will be on/off with this injury.....one day he'll just break
El Gran Chorizo::feel bad for warriors fans if curry is hurt,  the boy got game but he seems fragile
EAgamer763::Man curry need some ankle braces or something. Every time I see ESPN state Warriors win it says "but Curry is hurt."
j2the4thpow3r::He was wearing one.
gswarrior831::Bogut and Lee....whitey power!!!!!
Oaktown1029::Curry will be fine. The luck began to change for the Warriors last year when we won a coin -flip against Toronto for the 7nth pick (if we would have lost, Utah would have gotten our pick). We chose Barnes.
walle D_ D::did the utah fans run to thiis board, cant find any of them on their own board right now.
indiggohaze::Bogut, wow, didnt know that guy still plays. Sucks to be a warriors fan.
j2the4thpow3r::He cant be for real...
kool aid 098::are you an idiot?
Voss voss::Sure seems to be the case
frickinegg::Curry just tweaked his ankle. He pretty much ran to the locker room. I'd be shocked if he missed their next game.
j2the4thpow3r::I wouldn't be shocked if he did. Keeping him out as a source to rest and recover so we can have him down the stretch.
PenguinsPiratesSteelersPhxSuns::Great job warriors, you beat a perennially horrible team in the raptors, you should be proud of yourself
CardinalRule6::If anyone should know "perenially horrible", it's a guy who lists the Pirates and the Suns among his favorite teams.    You being a Pittsburgh guy, I understand having to adopt an out of town NBA team...but the Suns???  Really??
milwaukeemonster2::i cant think of anything weaker than currys ankles
j2the4thpow3r::Yourself for making such an off comment?
CardinalRule6::The Brewers' postseason performances?
jeff050578::Dwight Howards mentality.
mweitekamp06::Greg Oden's knees, maybe?
milwaukeemonster2::IF bogut stay healthy gs would def have got the better of the trade plus i believe he'll stay there long term..  we cant say the same thing about monte...
amh1981::Thats a really big if
Canes Fan 03::That was a travel by Bogut, he hop stepped, landed on two feet, then took two more steps for the dunk. Weird no-call.
Streak4MoreCash::I feel bad for Curry. My ankles are about as busted as they can get. I sometimes walk on unpaved ground and twist my ankle easily. Not sure what it's going to do for him mentally.    Then again Bogut survived that nasty elbow break...
brandonstephensy::GSW when healthy is Scaryy.....
jeff050578::Bogut had 6 field goals on 6-8 from shooting. It would take the other 2 Golden State big men a week to make 6 buckets.
jeff050578::I counting the C position. No doubt lee gets 4 fgs minimum a half.
DanNYC2108::i hope you aren't counting lee
SEC University is my favorite team::well biedrins makes like -4 a game so you could prob count them
flag_me_if_you_can::...or Landry
ThumbTag88::[Curry's iffy ankle + Bogut] &gt;&gt;&gt; [Curry + no Bogut]
DakWolves2::2,500$ refund woooooooot
pshores1968::been betting with a system named SportsBettingStar for  only two months and have profitted about 3K each month just following its tips. You can find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems.
pshores1968::Started betting with a system called Sportsbettingstar now for a couple of months. I found this on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. Since I started I have made around $3,000 a month just following it. Ive tried a few systems in the past and nothing compares to how well this one does.
mlb172::DubNation
Ya Boy Jimsta::go dubs
barcodedlife::Great to see bogut back. If he stays healthy it's a steal for GS.
sautan::Andrew Bogut &gt; Dwight Howard
smokeysaj::Howard is a glorified PF with no offensive game, severe ego issues, and a bad back.
milwaukeemonster2::yeah cuz bogut is injury free...
arizonasting13::pass the blunt
acardiox::Andrew Bogut is a triceratops
TheBrownestBob::Curry and his ankles won't last another 5 years.
UNCnoob::I hope you're wrong.
ClippersFearWarriors::it took 10 months but we finally got to see wat bogut is capable of and he can only get better. i was however a little iffy about his mins today. i thot he was in there too long.
smokeysaj::Bogut is the best center in the league today when healthy. There are no other decent 7ft centers besides Lopez, Marc Gasol and Bynum.
El Gran Chorizo::bogut better than noah, what a stupid comment,  noah played more games in a short season than bogut played in his career,
Canes Fan 03::Lopez top 5 PER in the whole league, look it up. Noah is all-star center, his crappy team is going to make the playoffs. Hard to say Bogut is better than either. Milwaukee never contended with him and neither has GS.
arizonasting13::Dwight, Noah, Gasol, Bynum, Jefferson, and Lopez all &gt;&gt; Bogut
inefekt::Noah? No, I don't think so. Might be a 'slightly' better rebounder if anything but Bogut is much better offensively and more of a defensive presence inside with his superior shot blocking (he led the league not long ago). Lopez?  also not a better player, well not obviously so. Perhaps a better offensive player but not a better rebounder (only 7 a game?) and again, not a better shot blocker or defensive presence. The others, yeah I can agree there.
Chief Weed Cloud::Dwight, Noah, Hibbert? They are better then Bogut ya homer
Erik76290::Bobcats &gt; Stephen Curry's ankles
indiggohaze::1 leg rondo &gt; curry
ClippersFearWarriors::curry's ankles&gt;rondos ACL
leedogg77::With Bogut back, the depth of the Warriors is ridiculous.
OhYesTheyCallMeTheGreek::they need to get my boy bazemore in there
dwighthowardsamazing::Nope because that takes away minutes from the 6th man of the year Jarrett jack (he won't win it because of hype but he deserves it)
Erik76290::Flagged
Lumbergh21::Curry really needs to start building up his leg muscles, especially his calf muscles.  It should end the string of sprained ankles or at least reduce it significantly.  Based on what I saw of the Kings when they had training camp at UC Davis while I was going there, NBA players don't really understand what a weight room is for.  Doubtful Curry is any exception.
Lumbergh21::Well I hate to crush your ideas, but when I had a grade 2 sprain of mine, the doctor started me on strength training including toe raises which primarily exercise your calf muscles.  I went from rolling my ankle walking down the sidewalk to only 2 or 3 turned ankles the next season, all of them minor.  So, based on what the podiatrist recommended for me and the marked improvement that I saw for the next 6 years I spent playing basketball in highschool and college, I'm a complete believer in lifting weights to strengthen joints, in my case, my right ankle.
brebarrett2::I really hate to crush your ideas... but this a ligament (anterior talofibular) issue.  His calf muscles have nothing to do with these injuries.
Oaktown1029::Bogut and Lee by seasons end will be a dynamic duo - both are very smart and both pass well. Then you have Curry and Thompson in the backcourt, who are the shooting backbone of the team that leads the NBA in 3pt FG%.
rumbanba::no $@%! sherlock
mdtuzo::freaking bogut played, what the hell?
inefekt::Yeah I know right. Wednesday we'll probably see Bynum suit up!
sponsoredbytwinkie::Curry hurts his ankle again.. this is becoming ludicrous
parlaysfahdays::10 bets in a row for me. 3/3 today, 2/2 yesterday with lakers and celtics , anyone need picks hit me up whenever
parlaysfahdays::parlaysfahdays This is one of those games that you take Toronto because you think its a trap but then Golden state wins by 15. This is the easiest bet of the day , Golden state -1.5 to the bank it is. 5 Hours Ago
parlaysfahdays::parlaysfahdays This is one of those games that you take Toronto because you think its a trap but then Golden state wins by 15. This is the easiest bet of the day , Golden state -1.5 to the bank it is. 5 Hours Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  Edit  Share Red Wings-Celtics-Phins-Tigers yea lol easiest bet of the day for sure. I almost wanted to lay all my money but will still play it smart with small bets lol 1 fan likes this. 5 Hours Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag __I SCRAMBLE MY EGGS IN HARLEM__ I bet my girlfriend's car note money on the spread. 2 fans like this. 5 Hours Ago  Unlike  Quote  Flag laytonwasasocialist classy harlem! that's win-win. 5 Hours Ago  Like  Quote  Flag __I SCRAMBLE MY EGGS IN HARLEM__ Lol, no doubt. 5 Hours Ago  Like  Quote  Flag parlaysfahdays I'l never understand vegas. 5 Hours Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  Edit  Share laytonwasasocialist -1.5 is a total trap line. Not betting it myself, but raps are a good dog ATS. 5 Hours Ago  Like  Quote  Flag Red Wings-Celtics-Phins-Tigers shouldn't bet on your own team anyways 1 fan likes this. 5 Hours Ago  Like  Quote  Flag parlaysfahdays -1.5 is typically a trap line but sometimes vegas just drops the ball and feels like they need to make certain games a pick em. I have cashed on like 10 of these sort of games this season. Bulls -1.5 @ detroit, 80% of public on bulls for example and bulls win. Not saying Warriors are a lock but they are the better team. 5 Hours Ago  Like  Quote  Flag  Edit  Share laytonwasasocialist hey if you like it, hammer it and GL. As one who likes to wager, -1.5 for a marquee playoff team vs a bottom feeder that the public loves to bet against.... is quite fishy to me. 1 fan likes this.
Joe Raygor::How has Harrison Barnes looked lately?
Oaktown1029::fatigued
rumbanba::shuta f up. he played one his best games of the season against Raps
satar1::As a warriors fan im happy the front office chose davId lee over amare stodmire hes represents us warriors fans stay loyal to a team no matter what!!
ThumbTag88::With Bogut &amp; Biedrins sharing the 5's minutes, Lee can be playing longer minutes without exhausting on Defense.   Meaning, Lee should be fresh on the Offensive side, during critical stretches. We now have Curry &amp; Lee as go-to guys for critical possessions.  Haha, I love it when I can decode a little bit of Jackson's "Bogut completes the team" comment.
ThumbTag88::Bogut will likely help turn losses to Sacto into wins. Jackson has got to sit Bogut vs. smaller teams, and let our young guys continue to blossom.  All in all, Warriors are looking promising.
cbenni::Anyone want a FREE easy $10? Check out this blog http://mythirteencents.blogspot.com/2013/01/personal-capital.html
ThumbTag88::Bogut was gasping for air. This is a great sign because he will be even better, once in tip-top shape.
Triiviium::thats why they are holding out of back to backs
ClippersFearWarriors::yup just conditioning.
ClippersFearWarriors::curry will be fine.  dont panic if he misses a game its just precautionary.
mviouss::Did anyone see the injury? Was it a bad one or what?
ClippersFearWarriors::not bad
taysmith216::Is Curry Injured ?
A Plastic Fork::Curry to Heat for Chalmers and picks
Xander415::Not a bad return for Bogut. If he can put up that stat line on a consistent basis, the Warriors will be a dangerous team in the western conference.
Red Wings-Celtics-Phins-Tigers::I knew I should of laid a grand on this spread. Won't ever be such a gimme spread again.
