eavisraw94::when will tony wroten play he is a sleeper to the success of Memphis
machinegunkelley80::Really starting to like this ellington kid. I like his hustle. Our bench will be great once Arthur comes back. The pick and roll with bayless and aruthur with Wayne and Poindexter on the wing.
stokes765::Brandon Rush injury sucked the life out of the building and the team. The run they went on shortly after the injury was nice, but you could tell they just weren't going to piece together a win.
thechampishere2::Glad my Memphis Grizzlies won!   Warriors GL the rest of the way till we meet again Beat LA for us.
MobyLick::The Grizzlies could really take a step up if they were willing to upgrade at SG.  Tony Allen absolutely sucks.  At best, he's a defensive substitute, not someone that should start and log 30 minutes a night.  A shooting guard that can actually shoot from the perimeter would help.
BowCephus::Tony Allen is very important to the team.. He's a leader.. Where do u think the whole Grit n Grind came from.. He's the best perimeter defender in the game.. When u have 4 starters capable of dropping 20+ a night u really don't need his points.. He's had solid offensive outputs before.. But he brings tenacity to the team.. We love Tony here.. Every team wants a Tony Allen..
Pusha Tonn::wow Gasol is playing great, 20.5 pts in two games (I know it's just 2 games but he's scoring a lot and with a good FG%) Couldn't watch the game, too late over here! Going to download it and watch it later! Go Grizz
MemphisSwag::They never had a chance.
cock2222::serious $@%! clips will  beat  the warriors 2morrow  hands down
Warriorsequalswnba::WarriorsWarrior Calm down we ain't the lakers lol 22 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  THAT'S FOR SURE! WARRIORS= GARBAGE DUMPTRUCK TEAM .. .
MemphisTn7414::The clippers r about to give y'all the business!
a617guy::lmfao Warriors still hanging onto to their last division title in 1976....what a pathetic organization. Laughing stock of the NBA if you ask me.
ChiefWahoo1995::Great game.  I think both teams are vastly improved.  It really should be a good season for both.  Who do you guys think will win for President on Tuesday?  Check this out http://ow.ly/eMmYY
LivingUnwashedinLA::Same old Warriors. Another .450 season in the making. We never suck bad enough or are good enough to do anything.
WarriorsWarrior::Calm down we ain't the lakers lol
DoubleV1369::never suck bad enough? did you WATCH last season???
machinegunkelley80::Wow guys are blaming the refs honestly the warriors just got out played. They only out played Memphis when curry played off the ball. After the grizzlesmade adjustments that was all they had. They were out rebounded and out hustled
machinegunkelley80::I hear you but they were just over matched. The calls were bad birth ways like a loose ball foul on Zach.
DoubleV1369::if you read more closely, you would see what else i said. in a game that was close, where your team clearly had the advantage, having all the calls go your way as well is really unfortunate. as a Warriors fan, after already losing your best bench player to an injury, having a game that could have been closer be affected so much by officiating is very hard to accept. 'nuff said
ArthurAuJai::Klay Thompson needs more shots, hes the best scorer on the team
bsktblfan23::lol no
WarriorsWarrior::Harrison Barnes Fail!
Carrboroheel::But 22 min, 5 fouls and ZERO rebounds??  Does not sound aggressive for a rookie either.
WarriorsWarrior::Double I don't have the time tonight To Arguing why and analyze BARNES: over matched!
DoubleV1369::lol but again, hes a rookie against one of the top 5 SF's in the NBA! i mean, LeBron, Iguodala, Carmelo, and Durant are the only guys i would put above Gay at his position on any given night.
Pr0ject_sky::he was 3-7, 2-5 3pt, with 22 minutes. Not bad for a rook.  Only made 2 T.Os too.
DoubleV1369::Jackson needs to make adjustments faster during the flow of quarters. he waited too long to reinsert Jarrett Jack in the 3rd, when we were becoming stagnant on offense.
WarriorsWarrior::OUT COACHED!
WarriorsWarrior::I'm a fan. But he sucked ok
DoubleV1369::if you actually made an argument i would understand. but giving no opinion as to why just doesn't make sense. sorry
Pr0ject_sky::Barnnes played a solid game for what he is. I think once Rush went down that killed their bench, they had really no one that could cover gay, got destroyed in the paint, and made stupid plays. The positive is they shot very well looked very solid at times. If they had a better coach I would think this team could easily make the playoffs.
DoubleV1369::why? he played solid defense for a rookie guarding probably one of the top 5 SF's in the league...
DoubleV1369::anyone who can honestly say that it was Memphis who won this game is so full of garbage they smell like a landfill. the officiating in the second half was so clearly in favor of Memphis, im literally at a loss as to how to describe it. Carl Landry and David Lee are repeatedly hit by multiple players en route to the hoop, no call. now, in a tough game, that's usually fine. but in this game? when almost EVERY time a Memphis player went towards the basket, a ticky tack foul was called? completely unacceptable. im not saying call a foul every time. im not even saying that the Warriors would have won. but C'MON MAN!!! call the game the same for both teams! Memphis made good adjustments at halftime, and then the Warriors adjusted later on in the 3rd and started to get close again. then, miraculously, every single call went the way of Memphis, literally for the rest of the game. a HORRENDOUS call on an unobstructed basket play basically sealed it for me. the refs just weren't going to give us a chance. absolutely terrible.
DoubleV1369::like ive said a few times already, bad calls aren't usually a bother to me. the bad calls in this game directly influenced the pace and flow of the game as the 3rd quarter was ending. just like a timeout, a big defensive stop, a clutch three, or any other important play, it affects the momentum one way or another. as the warriors started to get close again near the end of the third, bad calls totally stalled that momentum, and more calls from there made it impossible to get it back. did they still have other chances? of course. does Mark Jackson need to make faster adjustments when things aren't going smoothly? probably. but i still can't believe that the momentum we had built got shut down not only by the opposing team, but by uneven officiating.
Pr0ject_sky::bad calls yes but  as a professional sports team you can't blame that. That warriors made awful plays down the stretch and played Memphis basketball. Yes the Ws need to get better on D but they just don't have the talent yet until Bogut is 100%.
DoubleV1369::im just irritated. to be in a close game against a better team, and to get jobbed like that? it hurts. its only the second game of the season, and Conley (among others) played a hell of a game for Memphis. but this was an issue for GS last year as well. think what you want, but an "experienced" team will ALWAYS get the calls in a game like this. i feel like we had a greatly reduced chance of winning because of it. that's about it.
Latinofire20::whine all you want when bad calls were called both ways. it was even on the bad calls. both sides can say that. Memphis won the boards and just hustled. golden state will have their time.
DoubleV1369::when you lose by ten points, and at least 16 points worth of bad calls were made? come on.
bluffomatic777x::The officiating was bad... But c'mon, you can't just blame the refs. The Grizzlies did play better than our W's.   Peace. Out.
DoubleV1369::i understand that. and normally that would be fine. but when a gross majority of the bad calls go one way, and its really obvious, it makes me sick. ESPECIALLY in a game that would have been much closer otherwise.
roy2daboy::Bad calls were made on both teams man.
DoubleV1369::oh and for clarity on that unobstructed call, they have to have a free lane to the hoop as they get the ball and cross half court. Jarrett Jack was WAY ahead of Ellington, crossed half court first, and fouled him far before the continuation toward the basket. even after review, they called in favor of Memphis. im baffled how that call could be so clearly wrong.
Nathan Coulter Nile::I will never forget in the pre season, the Warriors were playing the jazz... it was the 4th qtr, the game became close, the Warriors put all there starters back in against the Jazz bench...  LOLOLOL
bluffomatic777x::She's upset because she's not getting along with her sister wives.
SFWildcard::Mormons are supposed to be in bed at 7:30 Right?
bluffomatic777x::How do you like that GSW uni on Barnes? :p
Nathan Coulter Nile::LOL, memphis fans getting excited cause they beat a team who will finish the year 15 games under ,500....  LOL
bluffomatic777x::How's the view under that bridge? :p
SFWildcard::LOL whats worse is a guy spending his time with a team that he thinks that will finish 15 games under 500
roy2daboy::And where will your team finish this year?
slapshotcity123::trololol
pedrobear1::Nice balanced game. Little extra help from the bench would like more bench help and cutback on Gasol minutes but overall enjoyable
Oaktown1029::Memphis made some good adjustments in the 2nd half to slow down Klay and Steph -
bluffomatic777x::And we made... no adjustments...
DoubleV1369::no we made adjustments when Jack came back in near the end of the third. then officials handed the rest of the game to Memphis on a plate.
gsin1202::nice way to cover the over second half.  Woohoo!!! Winner!!!
Nathan Coulter Nile::LOLOL, both these teams are simply wasting there time....  The Warriors, lololol........If only every team they play can act like its the pre season, rest all there starters in the 2nd half, so the Warriors can put there starters in and play like its game 7 of the NBA finals...  What a bunch of frauds,....Curry will be a bust now that he has his money....He is a turnover machinem, a HORIIBLE passer....Bogut will get injured then its back tot he lottery for the Warriors..  Only if the pre season can be 82 games lolol
bluffomatic777x::Ignore the troll. Don't give him the attention he craves.   Let's just all rejoice in how much better Barnes looks in a GSW uni than he would have in a Jazz uni. :)
slapshotcity123::Once again, just another loser who made his account today to write a paragraph on two teams he could care less about. What an exciting life!
roy2daboy::And who is your team???
knight_rider_1983::Memphis is gonna do big things this year   Beware the Bluff City Bears
slapshotcity123::Nice talking to you Warrior fans. Good luck this season.
War Hero 18::Class to the fullest extent possible on a comment board^^^. This is one of the reasons as a Grizzlies fan I respect the Warriors. The fans are great and so is the team, which is way more than I can say for teams such as the LA Floppers and big baby Blakey. Anyway Good luck to the Warriors this season and I really hope that Brandon Rush's injury is not to severe!
bluffomatic777x::And good luck to your Grizzlies. They played well tonight.
Benjamayne::dang memphis line for their bigs- rudy 18, zach 15, marc 19, conley 21
Benjamayne::marc 21*
beastburkie13::Thats Game
roy2daboy::Good to be 1-1 instead of 0-2.
WarriorsWarrior::Good Defense Mem   Good game!
GoTigers2015::Can't wait till Monday, so glad Grizzlies are coming back home to beat the Jazz
SB4LlFE::losing b.rush was the killer for the night.
bluffomatic777x::We need better coaching.
Oaktown1029::were outrebounded and shot less free throws..I've seen this movie before,lol.
SFWildcard::and the same one on one plays
SFWildcard::its definitely a killer but , its the same system, same Warriors
knight_rider_1983::Hate those farts after eating Ice Cream.......................looks like I'm on the couch tonight
roy2daboy::I'm worse.  I ate Krystal burgers before the game.
Benjamayne::delusional referees
roy2daboy::Good effort Warrior fans.
Oaktown1029::Memphis should do some things this year - without Harden, OKC isn't as strong (but still very good), and this team is younger than the Spurs and Mavs, and the Lakers...... you guys have a good chance if you stay healthy.
Benjamayne::harden did just drop 45 pts btw
Benjamayne::yea but now houston is good
ChargersFan4Life001::ASIK!
Oaktown1029::who plays center for Houston?
ChargersFan4Life001::I wouldn't mind seeing them in the WCF
roy2daboy::That should about do it.
knight_rider_1983::Gasol= Mr. Pure
Benjamayne::damn gasol
bluffomatic777x::Is it okay that I like Mark Jackson as a human being... but not so much as a coach?
bluffomatic777x::He's a good guy.  But the next great coaching move he makes will be his first. He needs to have great assistants... Like that guy we stole from the Lakers who someone later stole from us. Sorry, I forget his name.
slapshotcity123::I think he's a good coach. He definitely knows talent and proved it in the draft
slapshotcity123::True..I'm sure he has a major say in it though
SFWildcard::he is just 1 of 10 who makes decisions on draft picks
roy2daboy::Just run out the clock Grizz.
Ghostnappa35::Good night
knight_rider_1983::some makeup calls Warrior fans.........................Rudy and Gasol almost got killed earlier in the game, just saying
ChargersFan4Life001::Gasol helping me in fantasy tonight
cballou18::barnes needs to pull his head out of his $@% and pay attention
Benjamayne::the refs lost their contact lenses
pedrobear1::Huge break there for the grizz
knight_rider_1983::Gasol is the man
WarriorsWarrior::overreactive fans lol.
bluffomatic777x::Sorry about that snippy remark. I'm not a happy camper right now. :p
bluffomatic777x::Warriors were handicapped by having one of the worst owners in the league for way too long. Now that he's gone, they'll get better.
WarriorsWarrior::Agreed
slapshotcity123::I don't doubt that. They have a ton of good young talent.
slapshotcity123::Don't act like GS has rich basketball tradition either. Memphis is the real deal.
bluffomatic777x::GSW has won three championships. How many have the Grizzlies won?
slapshotcity123::don't be so butthurt
WarriorsWarrior::I'm laughing lol
SFWildcard::More than 10 yrs of sucking can you blame them
knight_rider_1983::diarea100 what did Roy say to p you off?
roy2daboy::Don't worry about it man.  He's just a troll.
cballou18::these officials are $@%!$@% trash
Oaktown1029::How many centers can hit that top of the key jumper like Gasol can?
Benjamayne::like none lol
