KBells87::Spurs have a brutal schedule in March...they barely played anyone in the run before the all star break
YearOfTheSpur::LOL this "RealZoo" guy trolling the Spurs is a Heat, OKC, Lakers, Mavs, AND Celtics fan... Doesnt know what bandwagon to jump on, so he picked all those teams. Typical Spurs hater, doesnt know greatness and is clueless
LakersAtSonics1995::That...... was an awesome game.
Qzhoopin20::You can't be out of shape with a gut and play for Warriors!!
ShiloInn1985::Good win for the Spurs but they still screw the Lakers from climbing in the standings, even in a loss.   But aside from that~ I don't see why people are making such a fuss over this game. Spurs had won umpteen games before it, and were obviously due for a loss. Warriors were also highly motivated to take advantage of that. Nothing to see here.
ShiloInn1985::No, I root for the Lakers. But, like I said Spurs have stacked so many wins now at the top of the pile they can screw the teams at the bottom who are trying to come up, and still stay on top or damn near it. Nice position to be in. Hopefully it won't last for them.
oblique15::Wake up   Everything is not about the Lakers, Your just a crap team  If the Spurs wanted to screw the Lakers they would not go into over time, so that old Tim Duncan can play longer Spurs like to rest players, so if they wanted to lose to screw the Lakers overtime would not be the ideal thing to do.
RocknCR::You wish! (Laughing)
RocknCR::No sweat...just an FYI
ShiloInn1985::If you hadn't said anything, I might have kept on believing that the Spurs pulled it out somehow in the 5th quarter.
RocknCR::Um, the Spurs lost!
TWex2120::.
ShiloInn1985::Thanks for the clarification.
chris breezy9::It's always  nice to see spurs fans cry and wine about the refs lol
TWex2120::Its always nice to see idiots comment about something that they have probably complained about themselves at some point in time.
jeff050578::As a Dubs fan and a G Tech fan I couldnt be happier with last nights win over the spurs. J Jack was clutch.
henderdl::Good win in the alt unis.  Let's go Lady Warriors!!!
Asif11111::lady warriors?
DalvinSplit::Good game &amp; win  by Warriors  over my Spurs. I did not like  those mimics by J Jack on the end  .O .K.  ......................... we move on next  is Phoenix  and after that is some home cooking ..............finally .
8486Chase::Go Talons
8486Chase::The refs ruined it for us.
dacbd::If it wasn't for the Refs, the Dubs would have won by 10 in regulation.  What game were you watching?
RocknCR::Anytime you blame the refs...you've already lost!
8486Chase::?
8486Chase::This is the most embarrasing loss  I have been a part of
TWex2120::For one GS is a great basketball team. Two you have to be $@%!$@%! to think that one regular season loss is somehow an indication of how you will do in the playoffs. Heat lost to the Wizards this year. Guess they are repeating huh?!?!?!  Dumb. Nobody goes 82-0. Teams will lose to some good and some bad teams.
chris breezy9::lol^
8486Chase::I'm over it, ok. Lets get over it and win the finals
PBF_ATG::I was close...
PBF_ATG::He's obviously a 12 year old fan that can't come to grips with his emotions. LOL
8486Chase::16
8486Chase::Just mad man, just mad
8486Chase::RocknCR - "Mad" that the Warriors beat S.A....? Just the opposite, I'm VERY happy..but, it seems, you're "mad". My advice? Go check yourself into a mental hospital IMMEDIATELY!  I'm over it now. Lets go beat The Suns and win the finals
RocknCR::"Mad" that the Warriors beat S.A....? Just the opposite, I'm VERY happy..but, it seems, you're "mad". My advice? Go check yourself into a mental hospital IMMEDIATELY!
RocknCR::Chase...just quit while you're...well, not ahead...but not too far behind. Your comments are ridiculous.
RocknCR::A fan isn't "part of" anything.....they're observers of the game; they don't play in the game.
8486Chase::Well you know what I meant
8486Chase::Good teams don't lose to GS.
8486Chase::RocknCR - Then Miami, LA Clippers (3x), OKC AND S.A must not be "good teams". The Warriors are the ONLY team to have beaten them all.  Okay we'll the spurs are still good
RocknCR::Then Miami, LA Clippers (3x), OKC AND S.A must not be "good teams". The Warriors are the ONLY team to have beaten them all.
PBF_ATG::I guess Miami, LA Clips, and OKC aren't a good teams either...SMH
8486Chase::They will win it all: trust me
PBF_ATG::If you believe what you say, then why are you worried about what is said about them by the media?
Barreldarrel::hey wait a second...those spurs have used the Dubs as toilet paper for decades (..ok...everybody has) but you got to give us one every now an then. Don't sweat it...Spurs are solid.
joebamboo::dude shut up, the warriors are a squad. Your team lost to a good team, don't try and put the Dubs down.
Barreldarrel::F the media. They'll have plenty to say once they hit their stride in the playoffs.....I hope.
8486Chase::If they can't beat the Pistons or Warriors; what is the media gonna say if we lose to Phoinex?
nba is the worst::Warriors played great defense last night, very impressive!
8486Chase::As a fan
nba is the worst::What part of it were you exactly?
SIRFLYZINI::Nice win for GS. Decent squad, needs some more pieces in the next few years to be a contender.
8486Chase::It's time for this team to clean house: this coaching staff needs to go
Dj3garrett::That MVP talk ended quick... You can't afford to have games like this if you're running against Lebron... That's why KD's name fell out... He had some mediocre games whereas Lebron never does...
nba is the worst::"Please - as if "the best player on the team with the best record" never wins the MVP"  -Derrick Rose
Bamm7272::Most undeserving winner ever.
SIRFLYZINI::The Spurs, Parker, and their fans couldnt care less about a MVP. I do agree with your point though.
CoolDaddyPapa::I haven't seen the Warriors play a great deal this season but from what I have seen it appears they are better without Bogut in the starting lineup.
joewatiii::Was a good game, Basketball at its finest.
Purple Drank and Watermelons::Nobody was guarding Jack.  Wut up wit dat ?
grizzsuckin4thquarter::One OT loss on a back 2 back and some of u mor0ns come out of the woodwork to talk trash. Heat and Thunder both have flaws that can be exploited by the Spurs in a 7 game series.
TheWyseWon::Part of the game was a basketball clinic by the Spurs, but they still lose.  It's one thing to know how and another to be able to.  Old teams wear down, especially in the playoffs
FeFyeFoeRun::No Way this Spurs team can Beat the Heat in a 7 game series! No way! No How! Absolutely not athletic enough. Looks like a Heat Okc Rematch
whoseyourdaddy60::lol OKC WAS JUST ON A LOSING STREAK
nba is the worst::Spurs would sweep the heat!
TheWyseWon::Spurs won't get a chance at the Heat.  It's still OKC as the Best in the West
nba is the worst::I disagree.  OKC is Stern's pet team but the Spurs are a way better team - as their record shows.
tmoneyinmphs::I wouldn't say that is for sure.  Miami heat is one of the lamest nba champions ever.
TomShoe02::Screw that and screw you.  I call "Second Night of a Back to Back" BS.
Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player::LOLSPURS!
nba is the worst::ha ha, nothing more hypocritical than a heat fan laughing about a loss to a team the heat lost to - AT HOME!
grizzsuckin4thquarter::44-13 is better than your team
eejjimenez745::what a joke. Lee goes for 20/20 and no mention?
nba is the worst::Sad indeed when Donaghy's bff Scott Foster takes 2 minutes to look at a replay of an out of bounds call (with the Spurs leading by 2 pts) and "somehow" can't make a correct call.  Even ex-Warrior Mullen saw the obvious - that Curry had lost the ball without contact.  That said, props to the Warriors' defense, and Jack was great!
nba is the worst::Spurs lead heat by 3.5 games.  Spurs &gt;&gt; heat!
FeFyeFoeRun::Heat 1-0 vs Spurs Heat 21-5 vs West  Heat Repeat NBA Champs! <b>LMAO!</b>
FeFyeFoeRun::always Crying about something! Truly pathetic! You LOST! Deal With It! smh
8591rich::......"for the NBA-leading Spurs, who had won five straight and 16 of 17 overall. San Antonio fell to 6-2 on its rodeo trip, which ends Sunday at Phoenix."  once again we have nobody proof-reading on ESPN.  how can the Spurs be 16 of 17 when they have gone 6-2 in their last eight games?
grizzsuckin4thquarter::epic fail rich, had means before this game
nba is the worst::Note the past tense in the use of the word "had".  smh
smack9090::GOOD WIN GS BOYZ
MiamiHEATNATION305::Tony Parker can't and won't do it all vs the Heat, what people don't realize is you might win 1 or 2, maybe even 3 but we will adjust and find a way to shut you down.
pistonfanstill::Last year was an asterisk which allowed Playground Ball to rule due to the short season.  If the Heat do win all it does is continue the NBA's downward spiral towards WWE-Land and gratify a bunch of Band-wagoneers posing as fans.  Still a championship but pressure is on the Heat to do it in a full season.  They are the best  though but only because of creeping Playgroundism.
grizzsuckin4thquarter::u play 4 the Heat
C0bR::The shortest lasting MVP candidacy ever.
305Willis::That's good for the Warriors. They wouldn't be able to make any noise in the playoffs, though. You live by the 3 and you die by the 3.
chris breezy9::did you watch the game? the warriors were ice cold from the 3 point line
joebamboo::they hit like 4 threes that whole game.
MijoMartinez::I guess the Spurs should stop playing now and call it a season. They lost a game to *arguably- spill chik* the best team in Cali. This is it, GAME OVER MAN... GAME OVER!  It could've been worse, Spurs could've lost to an irrelevant team, like the Pelicans or Hollywood. Curry powder couldn't miss even if he tried.
ClippersFearWarriors::dont forget we didnt even have bogut tonite
ensign.devyn::You're better without Bogut, until he gets back to 100%
MijoMartinez::Sad that the Spurs couldn't lock it down in regulation, up by 13 and gave it away like red-headed step child. Can't be mad GS looked pretty determined to get that W.
ensign.devyn::Still embarrassing that they had to get it in OT when SA was shooting that bad.
MijoMartinez::Did you not see that last 7... or was it 8 mins. of that game? True he did terrible in the beginning but the end alone sealed it up.
ensign.devyn::Spurs shot 38%. Any decent team should be a team shooting 38%, especially at home. Sad that GS had to take them to OT.
ensign.devyn::Yeah, Curry's 6/17 from FG's and 3/9 from 3pt was just BLISTERING tonight.
ensign.devyn::Sorry, I guess I didn't realize that bringing up someone's stats on the night was bad mouthing  Also, probably not the best thing to say someone doesn't have a life when you are also on an ESPN board at the same time of night. lol
ClippersFearWarriors::ur still up bad mouthing the warriors? u utah losers really don't have lives do u?
Laker Fan 47::Love the Spurs, but their style they play right now will never win a championship.
SIRFLYZINI::What top 5 defense and offense cant win.....hmmmm
ClippersFearWarriors::they're down right boring too
motavation69::good job good effort
CrabtreeWasHeld::it's nice having a backup pg that averages 23 its 7 assists over the last 5 games
msu for the win3::CHAUNCEY IS A PISTON FOR LIFE GODDAMN IT
pistonfanstill::One of the biggest mistakes in Piston history trading Billups for AI.  Pistons have tanked ever since and too many here believe Frank is the answer at coach!!!
pistonfanstill::If (yes IF) Billups and CPaul are healthy going into the Playoffs they may be the Finalists not the Thunder.
motavation69::true
msu for the win3::dude I'm a Pistons fan. I'd go after you if you didn't agree lol
motavation69::he's kind of old though
msu for the win3::yeah he is. but back in his prime he was the man
motavation69::he sucks though
msu for the win3::nooo :(
mason8181::Ohhh Gaaawwwwd! Can you all imagine Spurs vs Pacers in the finals? I dont think anyone will be watching that. That will truly define boredom.
pistonfanstill::Cannot argue with the NBA bottomline.  WWE type superstars means ratings.  The NBA connived to let the Celtics and Lakers have a possible best 2 out of 3 series when they let them load up on stars because of the economy vs the highest possible Finals ratings.  Its a business, the big league sport most like the WWE.
pistonfanstill::And hence the dilemma of the NBA and its hoard of TV advertisers.  The NBA shuns the possibly of its best teams in favor of prima-donna All Stars.  Its reality and yes, Tim Duncan and the Pacers seem boring.  All they do is win.  We dont want that.  We really want a Kobe vs. Lebron Finals b4 Kobe calls it quits.  The same way the NBA wanted Jordan vs. Magic and did what it could to derail the Pistons and Trailbrazers to get it.
CoolDaddyPapa::Boredom?  Watching basketball the way it was meant to be played instead of this crap street ball the game has evolved into.  I would love a Pacers/Spurs final.
convolutedthought::i would....anything better than watching the Heat who dont have fundamentals
mason8181::Its only 1AM here.
ensign.devyn::Hence why i said Spurs time.
slam_dunk_on_u::the spurts will not make the finals.....Stern worst nightmare if they managed to get there but I doubt it
ensign.devyn::Trolling at 3 am Spurs time isn't going to be successful,
ensign.devyn::Hence why I said Spurs time.  Your ear size suggests that your head could house a brain that could understand something so simple as this, but unfortunately, it appears that is not the case.
slam_dunk_on_u::1 am pacific time here dummy
msu for the win3::Ever since the Pistons traded Chauncey (:() I root for the Spurs and Pacers (and D Rose. He's the man).
convolutedthought::Warriors play better without Bogut I notice, it might be good Bogut isnt playing
Mero23::Warriors are better with Bogut playing
convolutedthought::i apologize Ill try to be more convoluted next time
ensign.devyn::That wasn't very convoluted
mason8181::I even enjoy my Lakers losing a game than watching any Spurs game.
mason8181::Spurs are dull and boring. I fall asleep half way through 1st quarter.
chris breezy9::wtf no it wasnt
ensign.devyn::Clippers AND Lakers fan? Oh boy, we got a real winner here.
ensign.devyn::And one's bad this year while the other one's good. You can flip flop between them, brilliant.
mason8181::They play in the same building dude.
slam_dunk_on_u::Yes indeed...that arena looked pretty empty
slam_dunk_on_u::the spurts are overrated folks...plain and simple they are going nowhere in the playoffs
convolutedthought::Im not a spurs fan but they played a back 2 back....spurs are good
slam_dunk_on_u::excuses  the old farts didnt play much the night before
motavation69::shutup
wallywallas::I'm 100% Spurs fan, but if I'm happy to see a western team do well other than the Spurs, it's the Warriors. Congrats and I hope my Spurs don't see you in the playoffs.
Joe Raygor::I can't explain why, but I actually dig those Warriors' "T-Shirt" jerseys.
convolutedthought::Big 10 is overrated...PAC 12 and ACC look much better
Joe Raygor::Arizona, Oregon and UCLA should get in. Maybe ASU and Cal if they can get hot down the stretch.
msu for the win3::ACC? The conference with Miami and an average Duke? and a bunch of teams who shouldn't make the tourney? and other than Zona who does the Pac 12 have?
Joe Raygor::I'm impressed by the turnaround by the Pac 12 this year. They should get a few teams in.
Joe Raygor::Dude was a beast for the Spartans. Good to see him play well.
msu for the win3::jeez the MSU @Iowa game was scary for me.
Joe Raygor::That was an insane start. 3 ranked teams (Indiana, at UM, MSU). At least they competitive against IU and MSU.  Under Licklitter, they would've lost by at least 30 while scoring maybe 40 points on a good night.
msu for the win3::Joe Raygor - Schedule opens up for them, definitely (at Indiana is going to be tough though). Taking it one game at a time.  as they should. they've come around since their early season losing stretch though
Joe Raygor::Schedule opens up for them, definitely (at Indiana is going to be tough though). Taking it one game at a time.
msu for the win3::I like Iowa's chances if they win the games they should win. that win over Minny helped you guys big time. and yeah the Big 10 looks great, but hopefully MSU can make a run in the tourney
Joe Raygor::Big Ten looks super strong this year. They should do well in the tourney. Sure hope Iowa can join them at the dance (Long shot, yeah)
msu for the win3::absolutely haha. my fave player since Drew Neitzel
msu for the win3::because Steph Curry and Draymond Green are f*cking awesome?
motavation69::ok the black keys are the best band in my recent memory...Led Zep almost
msu for the win3::led zep is old though. the black keys are the best rock band since guns 'n roses
msu for the win3::haha i happen to agree but you're the one who said it
motavation69::omg the black keys own guns n roses
skuaskua::Dubs victory, Black Keys, fat spliff, lil coke for my rum. My next drink is a Jarret Jack Daniels and Coke.
msu for the win3::what black keys song was that?
motavation69::it was pretty badass
msu for the win3::YEAH IT WAS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wklgehHnDE
motavation69::and that lol
msu for the win3::you like it too? haha
motavation69::that was ok
msu for the win3::little black submarines is my favorite song at the moment
motavation69::who cares they sold out
msu for the win3::i loved El Camino hahaha
ensign.devyn::Spurs shoot 38%? Any decent team should beat a team, at home, that shoots 38% over the course of a game. Of course, the Tanks tanked as hard as they could, and pulled this one out in OT, but you guys can get back to your tanking ways on Sunday.   #WeBelieve... InTheTank
mikeisildur::Ricky Rubio and Andrei Kirilenko will take that Tank to the Bank for an easy win
ensign.devyn::Watching Rubio against the Warriors D who couldn't get around the Spurs screens all night tonight, and had to rely on an awful shooting night by SA to eek out a win in OT? Sounds like it's going to be offensive!
inefekt::"You know guys, I'd much rather face Houston in the first round than the Lakers, let's just try to minimize the chances of that happening and keep GS from falling out of the 8" - San Antonio GM
msu for the win3::I'm drunk and looking for an active board. Go Warriors
ensign.devyn::Alex_Banks Can you actually say you've ever met a Jazz fan? Talk about sad franchises.  Lol I wonder how many more Jazz fans there are than Warriors' fans. A franchise that's almost always in the playoffs, over a franchise that has gotten there I believe 11 times in the last 35 years. The best home court in basketball, toughest crowd, and hardest place to play, over the Oracle in Oakland. A franchise that tanks over compared to a franchise that builds like any respectable small market teams does. Boy, GS  wins a game against the last place WC team at home, and then against a team who's had issues with back to backs, on the tail end of a back to back, at home, and they think they're somethin special.
mikeisildur::They're just mad because this inadvertent win messed up their lottery trajectory.  They're going to have to try harder to tank now.
ensign.devyn::The franchise will have to have a serious talk with David Lee about his "swag"
skuaskua::Dubs victory just sugar on another beautiful coastside day in California.
