socialsatyr11::The best teams in Los Angeles:    1.The Los Angeles Clippres   2.The Los Angeles Dodgers   3.The Los Angeles Sparks   4.Any local High School Team   5.My Saturday morning open run pick up teams      The Los Angeles Lakers..
birdman017::Faried is just plain out fun to watch. Manimal!!!
Phatepiclewts::Meanwhile, in New Orleans, the Knicks go 8-1.
Mr. Damoan::and nobody really cares still!!
Ray Allen GOAT 3::SUCK IT GRIZZ! HEAT BEAT THE NUGGS TWICE... WHATS UP NOW???
duro.::Hello Grizzles,  It's me, Reality =)
emthomasjr::Yeah.  The home winning streak had to end sometime; 15 is not a bad version of "reality."
itservxD::Denver has to give Jevale Mcgee more minutes, im talking about completely double his minutes, from 15mins a game to 30mins a game, koufos mins need to be cut hes a liability on offense, look at mcgeee past 4 games game log  16pts, 18pts, 12pts, and yesterday 15pts  21 for 46 on shots of the bench, give him more mins and let him shoot more, plz
LakersAtSonics1995::Makes sense to me
COblak232::Knicks are garbage
cscobra::duh
Garbonzo8960::So when do the Reality Rankings come out?
charlie hustle bets the over::knicks = 1 playoff win (a single game, not a series) in the last 11 years. haha clowns celebrated with confetti.
MarktheShark28::Now are you finally going to consider starting JaVale George?? If not, here's another push for ya. His Hollinger PER is in the TOP 15 in the LEAGUE!! Over 10 points higher than Kosta.
charlie hustle bets the over::he works better with miller than with ty. until ty can prove he can handle the rock (his assist to turnover ratio isn't exactly stellar this year), expect to see mcgee and miller off the bench.
MWaugTigerFan::@Prettyfly I'm not sure what makes you think that.. 1 lose at home vs Denver makes us a bad team? Didn't the heat Lowe to the bobcats at home last year? That didn't make them a bad team. The grizzlies at their worst can still keep the game close vs the Lakers. With that said grizzlies win 103-90
Go-LaKers::That was a good run Grizz... it had to end sometime..but still a good run.
PHXAZwildcat::Been using this  bet system called SportsBettingstar for two months. In just 60 days I have turned $2000 that I started with and have more than doubled it. I am still in shock at how well this system works since it looked bogus when I first started. I found it on the front page of Google by searching the term Sports Betting System.
PrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC3::Now the Lakers game against this team has lost it's luster... Lakers beat this team easily on the road
COblak232::Da White Ho Ward
nba is the worst::Funny!
sgafsetomorpnpse::Gonna have to close out games better than that, Grizz
truckstopface::An ex Knick paid the Grizz back for us. Go Gallinari
Kamikazi02::Keep it going nuggets...
KNICKS2013NBACHAMPS::GOOD WIN NUGGETS
Carbon-based::Nuggets sucks
Tkw2008::Why, because they beat your team?
jayeteee::Not the honey barbecue flavored ones.
KevinJohnsonTHETRUTH::nice one!
ronron99322::Damn, i completely missed DEN beating a good team. Good s.hit but lawson is straight overrated, dont get me wrong he is decent
JustineS04::He's having a slump. This is atypical. Appears to be some kind of personal problem from his twitter feed.
charlie hustle bets the over::exactly.   his name popped up in contract talks over the summer and now people are paying attention to him by his play THIS year. "atypical" is correct.
dmorrisssey::The number 1 team lost at home?
wakenride::lionel night train hollins hasnt a clue. will be a major disappointment as a coach come playoffs
Clobbersaurus01::Tough game Grizz.  Got dominated on the boards, second chance points.  Still early in the season, still room for improvement.  Some great ball movement/teamwork between Rudy and Zbo...
emthomasjr::When DA comes back, we'll have some hops to combat the likes of the Faried's of the League.  Dude is good.
Tkw2008::Always the losers of the games have something negative to say, why can't they just except the fact that it is what it is and better luck next time?
LakersAtSonics1995::Because this is SPORTS, not grade school.
landoftherockies::whatever
wakenride::some great flopping too.....bunch of thugs
LakersAtSonics1995::Yeah, i'm pretty sure he was talking about the Grizzlies. Since he's a Nuggets fan.
cscobra::you are a true moron, calling your own team thugs #1 flopper of the game : Marc Gasol #2 rudy gay
wakenride::gasshole is a major  dweeb, new name is domino
Mr. Bradford::Randolph with another double-double. Good win though, Nuggets.
bmrsnrox::nice to see you again gallo.    -nuggets fans
Kamikazi02::Gallo need to stay healthy period... The guy can ball if he think straight.
theanimal53::I'll be honest. I love him when he's clutch. Hate him when he's inconsistent.
COblak232::I'll be honest too. I like it when my team wins, but when they lose..I don't like it
Jake-Macauley::Couldn't agree more.
slight31rams::Here's your finest troll of the evening  yankesrunbball I want to fight ur dad and watch u cry and i beat the $@%! out of him. ok? 1 fan likes this.
slight31rams::Sounds like yankesrunbball might have an IQ of about 25 or so
Grizzlies and Knicks... overrated.::<b>Wow, Memphis "fans" WOULD make fun of people who died in Hurricane Sandy.  Classless, just like their team.</b>
HakeemKnicks::It wasn't a Memphis fan it was a Denver fan.
ESPNisBSNEWS::this guy is just a grizz hater
DUNNONER1::HEATTTTLESSSS
HakeemKnicks::slight31rams I wish all the Nuggs and Grizz fans a safe and happy thanksgiving, Knicks fans, rot in hell 7 fans like this. 34 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  Manimal 35 They are drowning in water I believe 3 fans like this. 34 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag
slight31rams::HAHA mine was a good one
HakeemKnicks::Then don't bi.tch when ONE Knick fan made a move theatre joke. He only did it because of that comment.
theanimal53::Your kidding right? He was an idiot for even mentioning the Aurora shooting. He should have just kept his mouth shut, and instead call out the troll without saying that.
theanimal53::First of all, you can't blame that on every single Denver fan.
HakeemKnicks::WHERE ARE ALL THE SENSITIVE DENVER FANS CRYING NOW?
theanimal53::Just flag it for God's sake people..
BowCephus::as a grizz fan.. clips can have the top spot.. theyre balling right now..  that was a lot harder to admit that than i thought it would be lol
Alex47666::i hope u guys make kobe and the fakers cry on friday
BowCephus::going 2-1 in 3 games in 4 nights.. any nba team in this league would be happy with that.. its a long season.. everybody knows that.. at least we kept it competitve.. oh well 3 days rest then its on to the next with the Lake Show comin to the GrindHouse!! Go Grizz!! Time to work on another 8 gm winning streak!! Good Game Nuggs fans
theanimal53::Good game to you guys too. I expect you guys to contend this year in the playoffs. I loved it when you knocked off the spurs that one year.
airic.ad::Clippers and Grizzlies now share the top spot in the West.
WestCoast_.RU::remember grizz fans talking about winning possibly 11 in a row?  how cute was that
charlie hustle bets the over::cuse sucks
OmniVersal::Please the Grizzlies are good but not THAT good.
HakeemKnicks::Ty Lawson is getting outplayed by 36 year old Andre Miller.
slight31rams::Tragedy jokes aside, we all know who came in here trolling.  Some dude was saying he was gonna come over here and fight LOL... What afucking joke you Knicks fans are.  You all know you came in here trolling, and if you are that sensitive, then don't come in here talkingshit and fuckingtrolling.  You had thatshit coming
OmniVersal::And you're one to talk about being sensitive lol
slight31rams::And it wasn't even you, it was some other trolls talking smack
slight31rams::You don't wanna hereshit like that, then GTFO your not even a fan of either one of these teams.  GTFO
OmniVersal::Never brought up any hostile things until provoked with Hurricane Sandy jokes
slight31rams::I never said I was sensitive, I'm saying that you wanna bring up hostileshit, you gonna have some other stuff going your way.
OmniVersal::How was I trolling? My original posts were about how shocked I was about Gallo's performance
theanimal53::He probably wasn't even talking about you..
OmniVersal::Why is it that Gallo makes contested 3's but airballs the open ones? But it's ok seeing as he was clutch the last few minutes.
HakeemKnicks::He was passing the ball to Ray Allen. Give him time.
Yourboyyyyyy::what's wrong with lawson?
ESPNisBSNEWS::he got paid and lost focus, give him some time
HakeemKnicks::He's trash.
ESPNisBSNEWS::HakeemKnicks - u mad bro? CLASSIC TROLL LINE
slight31rams::Stage 5 trolling
ESPNisBSNEWS::u mad bro?
HakeemKnicks::lol stage 5. classic troll line
HakeemKnicks::yup, u mad bro.
DUNNONER1::Hakkeeem&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;HEEEETLES
HakeemKnicks::yezzir! Wade is a bi.tch
OmniVersal::Apparently ESPN boards are to be taken seriously lol who knew
Grantox::what you talking about? what did he say?
OmniVersal::Made drowning jokes about it.
Alex47666::what if one of your family members died in one of the tragic events that happend to each city how would you feel
theanimal53::I guess it's cool to joke about people who lost their lives. Must make you feel like a man huh?
OmniVersal::First off someone brought up Hurricane Sandy so I responded. And you should worry about how you feel lol. You're so mad it's funny just chill out bud lol
theanimal53::HakeemKnicks Lol you guys are the biggest hypocrites.    It was all cool bringing up the world trade center attacks though right..? Weed really is good down there huh?  Why get overworked over a troll on the Internet and back fire him by joking about people who lost their lives in another event? Just IGNORE THEM. All they care about is the attention. It's what feeds them.
HakeemKnicks::u mad bro?
DUNNONER1::TRUE STORY!!!!
ESPNisBSNEWS::hakeem IS a trol
slight31rams::Hakeem is probably the least coherent person I have ever seen on here.  IQ under 30
DUNNONER1::Champs!!!!
DUNNONER1::HEATLES ARE THE TEAM TO BEAT THIS YEAR
DUNNONER1::LOL HATERRRRRR
ktan88::Hey, do me a favor. Shut about the Heat, no one cares
WestCoast_.RU::LOL memphis LOL
ESPNisBSNEWS::omniversal PLEASE HOW OLD ARE YOU ...i always picture trolls being little kids just trying to have fun..but u seem like a grown man who never was loved...i think the reason u joke about the shooting is because u have all the characteristics of someone who would just lose it one day...i was hesitant in typing this cuz i didnt want to be the one to make you snap, but i feel its best you GET HELP
DUNNONER1::Sandusky has been working hard with the Heat Defense. Stop Hating
ktan88::Ignore him then, no need to get worked up over some guy over the internet.
Manimal 35::He was one of the kids that was touched by Sandusky
slight31rams::Bashing on Karl like we care?  We want him fired
HakeemKnicks::George Karl could be sandusky's twin dude looks creepy as hell.
DUNNONER1::Hes pretty cool
DUNNONER1::I like him
Toto1080::Well that fluke lasted as long as it could have
slight31rams::Broncos are gonna win the Superbowl so whatever happens after that is just icing on the cake
slight31rams::WOW WTF we have every troll from every team in here, GTFO trolls
