Zach Batizy::I miss those old ESPN conversation boards. New system is trash
Timothy J. Casey::The new format is far from great, but it beats all the rampant spam that was taking over the old boards.
Karl Lilian K::Timothy J. Casey i think the spams made more exciting and interesting, the new chat id boring
Lee Barnes::Only thing that bothers me is..these posts jump all over the place..I'm sure facebook will get it worked out. crossing fingers..
Steven Rivera::James crying again
Adam Youman::i would too if i lost to New York teams twice in a row LOL
Gino Foggia::lol Leflop is so weak he drove right at Johnson, took a left step got touched with fingers and did a total flop n drop to the floor.. This is why he is who he is a cheap player. These refs need to pay more attention and warn him of his consistent flops
Gennie Dovic::LOL
Daymeon Craig::The floper of the century!!!
Steven Christian Shaw::Daymeon Craig Well the century just started so that'll be a little hard.  But I know your a Pacers guy but in all honesty I'd say CP3 should get the flopping award.
Samuel Fisher::I guess the refs made pierce miss.
Jody George Prats::lol
Mickey Hughes::And Johnson
Steven Rivera::No but they sure and hell gave Lebron some chances to keep his team in this one tonight
Tanya Rivera::Mjs bulls would wipe the floor with lebron and the heat	 fact
Donaven Murray::is that all you people have left? LOL
Ray Waterman::I don't believe the Heat are even close to that level Tanya. They'll be lucky to make it to the eastern conference finals this year IMO.
Dwayne Parham::Ray Waterman You are absolutely correct. They would've had to beat the goons of NY, The shooter in Indiana, and the legend in Chicago.  Very tough road to ECF.
Chosen Ones::nets>heat
Barry McCockiner::Mayweather > Plankiao.....I agree with ur post tho lol
Jeremy Johnson::That one guy > that other guy.
Louis Fasano::Jeremy Johnson I lol'ed at that
Judson Tomaiko::The only reason I came on this board was to express my disappointment that Bosh's nickname was just "C.B." instead of something along the lines of "Bosh-asaurus."
Steven Christian Shaw::LMAO Yes!!
Mickey Hughes::*Boshmallow
Matthew Todd Ballinger::predator http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_Xm4fuNtDnBk/TDdayJhFGeI/AAAAAAAAAAM/3TPGfYYScUU/s1600/bosh.jpg
Mickey Hughes::4th qtr Lebron taking over once again!!
Nick Loewenstein::Then he fouls out....
Mickey Hughes::One way stop 'em....make up calls!
Steven Rivera::Van Gundy says the truth, Its crazy how James could run down like a mad man and get no calls against him
Luis Gonzalez::heat are gonna win by at least 10
Eric Filapello::said most warriors fans the other night...
Jason Gold::like last time?
Matthew Todd Ballinger::you probably said the same thing last night about the Knicks
MiQuel Carniel::The self proclaimed King is fouled out on the bench crying. Weak sauce James the game is 90% mental 10% physical.
Jody George Prats::You're just mad because he has 4 mvp's and 2 championships. You can admit it now.
Marcleen Bavogui::crying when they 27-10 i mean find better jokes cause u look like an idiot
MiQuel Carniel::Jody sound like you need a H.U.G. and Marcleen it's ok to wash Lebron drawers.
Lewis Anderson::worst officialed game all year no way that was a offensive foul
Josh Schultz::Yeah, the shove before that flagrant earlier wasn't  an offensive foul either right? lol
Jack Malich::Josh Schultz it was that was one of lebrons foul it counted
Adam Youman::he ran into him and knocked his a$$ on the ground trying to make space for a shot. how was that not an offensive foul lol
Jody George Prats::Kirelenko flopped  *sissy
Steven Rivera::Heat fan calling anybody a flopper LOL the irony
Tyler Alexander Enterline::Steven Rivera Dude your so mad comment more on a team you hate. You hate so much
Adam Youman::Tyler Alexander Enterline the heat fans are in no position to complain about other teams flopping
Lewis Anderson::van gundy should be thrown out of announcing he is total bias to brooklyn
Bryce Morgan::he's anti-Heat. Hate listening to him. The Bulls series last year was AWFUL
Adam Youman::everyone has their own preference stupid why can't he have a favorite or least favorite team
Bryce Morgan::Adam Youman ....are you stupid? He's a friggin announcer, you are not allowed bias
Jody George Prats::No Wade No Chalmers No Problem  The King is in the house!
Daymeon Craig::The king is out the house now
Adam Youman::the king was on the bench
Rafael Gavidia::The king is now crying
Christopher Esposito::Nets baby going to be 5-0 in 2014 heat can't beat us this year we already proven it and were the hottest team in the nba right now let's go nets
Sam Fagbutts Cardinal::Even if you do win your still be 15-21 haha..the seasons is 82 games not from the beginning of a calender year so 4-0,5-0 or 4-1 doesn't mean to much..I guarantee you were one of the people saying last seasons heat win streak meant nothing!! If we meet you in the playoffs we'll see then if you have heats number.
Eric Filapello::And you are a heat fan since when? 2010?
Sachin Malhotra::Paul garnett vs lebron wade bosh in a 7 game series mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
James Belandres::if you know miami the past three years they'll lose to a bad team like the knicks then come out and trash the next team.   they play down to their opponent all the time and think they can just turn it on. it's been their bad habit since they formed the big two plus bosh.  brooklyn has no depth and lebron will play almost the whole game. heat by 8 at the half.
James Belandres::lmao wade isn't playing???  rashard lewis the only other heat player in double figures. if miami didn't have lebron they'd be fighting for an 8th seed every year.
Randy Jay Pena::Didn't the lost to the Nets twice already?
Daymeon Craig::That's why ya mad that's why ya mad  2point in 2 ot imagine when LeBron leave next year this is what it's going to look like  are y'all still going to be heat fans
Jihad Struggle Lee::You realize that their are other free agents next year that we could sign right? If he does leave....
Ephraim Renais::Jihad Struggle Lee  What "Other" free agents out there can replace Lebron?
Jihad Struggle Lee::Collectively, yes i believe. Maybe deng, if lebron goes to cavs, haven't really looked at the free agent class next year
Steven Rivera::Chris Brussard must be sick right now LMFAO funny guy predicted Heat back to back wins and by blow outs
Matthew Todd Ballinger::Let's hope the Heat are his favorite for NBA champs.
Bryce Morgan::haha somehow Norris Cole got switched onto Garnett. He didnt even try to contest his shot
Gennie Dovic::Smart boy
Bryce Morgan::Gennie Dovic should have just stood under him and tickled him
Gennie Dovic::Bryce Morgan Or untied his shoes?
Jihad Struggle Lee::Ray Allen is going to hit game winner, has to make up for all these missed shots
Paul Kraft::Reggie Evans looks like the kid from Deliverance.
Bryce Morgan::this is awful basketball
Gennie Dovic::Yup a joke
Shawn Bento::Heat exposed.  LMAO
Jabari Akil::And your thunder weren't exposed of anything? Nets, Jazz, Nuggets? HAHA, exposed because they lost two games.
Shawn Bento::wut?  how were the Thunder exposed?
Adam Bennett::Shawn Bento the 2012 NBA finals still hurts huh?
Marshall Burge::"We're a no-excuse team, but right now we have three starters that didn't play," James said. "Even though we've got a lot of depth, it is hard to make up for three starters being out."  Sound like an excuse Queen James. Check your Tampon!
