Izzy Dude::I HATE EVeRY STUPID PERSOn HERE
Izzy Dude::ssssssssss
Izzy Dude::h jd
Notta Lespn1::nate is really improving and getting kinda consistent, i like that, bring him back next year?
Jaywashing::Maybe. He was almost out of the league before signing with the Bulls, but he may be playing his way to a bigger and more secure contract; it's almost a certainty, really, and the Bulls may be unable to afford him. And my assumption has long been that Teague would take over the backup role next year.  I'll miss him if he goes, and I'd hate to see him as poorly utilized as he has been these past few years. He has proved he can play a legitimate role on a legitimate team--and, no less, on one so devoted to discipline and relative perfection in execution as this Chicago team is.
Notta Lespn1::real talk deng approching top 5 alltime bull status quickly. bulls need to lockh'm up he is the anchor of this team
Notta Lespn1::what deng got to the line a lot and scored over 25 pts.? this solidifies him as 1st ballot hall of famer, right
DeezBrown::Bulls fans are lucky as hell! Good TEAM, good coach, and the star Point Guard in gearing up for the playoffs.
Knicks Fan Since the other Week::Heat fans are even luckier.  No Rose and Co in last years playoffs and No Rose and others this season.
DeezBrown::Yeah, but they are gritty unlike most of these panzy teams in the nba.
AlexArm88::There's rumors Rose says he has complete confidence back in his knee. Any truth?
jujudaflyfromdaburbsofchi::Truly hope so...He needs to, they can do some real damage in a 7 game series ..for sure! Stephen A .. says his sources have told him that he's already game ready and can just jump in the line up anytime....5 weeks of practicing w/ his team mates...I think so , tooooo!
AlexArm88::Oh so this may be true? Thanks man.
Izzy Dude::you suck
Jaywashing::Of course it "may" be true; he was medically cleared a while ago and he's made it clear that the return of his confidence would be kind of a whimsical thing. Until he's actually on the court, though, rumors mean nothing to me.
jujudaflyfromdaburbsofchi::stephen a smiff ..says he's bullseye'n  the playoffs...I think he has some inside info ..heard it earlier on mike and mike! He coming back ..Chicago!
Lemon Grab::Deng's heart is gonna explode, This guy plays too many minutes.
Barona41::Yesterday, I saw brittney griner holding Joakim Noah in her hands. I saw their eyes meet, and I knew they were serious...
Kobes_been_bricking_since_96::Despite those 2 free throws that airballed, which was hilarious, Drummond looks like a beast
Thechi-gurl::I thought Stacey was going to die laughing watching those shots.  Even Neil Funk had to suppress the giggles.
This_Guy1::lol calling the Heat board out.
This_Guy1::Wow. Heat fans still butt hurt.
This_Guy1::Good bounce back game from the Bulls and Butler. GG Pistons. Drummond will be a top 5 C in the future.
Hunter8077::Heat fans are #1 in JUMPING ON THE BANDWAGON
01Bulls4life::fandanimal1 - You people are delusional.completely healthy,the bulls have 0 chance of beating Miami in a 7 game series =================================================================================== You may be right, but here is something you probably didn't know son. The last 7 games between the Bulls and Heat, do you know how it stands?  Here, have a sit and grab on to it since this will shock the H3ll out of you.  Bulls 4 Heat 3.  And that's without Rose and others players not in the picture!
Hunter8077::DA BULLS!!
denn19641::Its pointless to win this game but I do like the fact we only losgt by one. Cavs also in tank mode.
Thechi-gurl::Not pointless.  The five position (and the Nets in 4th) is a better playoff match up.
Bobbylee035::40 fts so the refs do call fouls but only when you play the pistons huh
poolrat1026::Words....words.... Words.... I Miss Thundercats, He-Man, TMNT,Firefly . Bulls won the game. Heat fans get over it. Why are you here on Bulls board. Bulls fans don't care what you guys think. Recede away like Lebron's hairline
Mikeferrari23...::How many games behind the heat are the bulls?  Like 34? Lol might as well be your sorry a.ss team couldn't beat a newly assembled heat team in 2011 back when the heat Wernt that great and the bulls were the best theyve been since the 90s Now the bulls are back to being an after thought...Straight up bums and bulls fans think they can beat the heat in the playoffs?? Lol
geeman217::Thanks for being- "EXHIBIT-A"  of the *typical*  Butt Hurt Heat fan.  That loss (LAST WEEK) really hurt didn't it???  You Koka Roach Heat fans are pathetic.  smdh
snugglyirishman::your grammar is offensive
pdiddy0622::Heat suk
scabbfan::Why would Bulls Gibson a bench warmer find it neccessary to comment on the best player in the game?   Especially after he intentionally made dirty plays on him to intimidate or injure &amp; then he questions why Lebron would even comment, lols.   Note the NBA reviewed it an made it a FALGGRANT FOUL...Gibson why don't you go public and question the NBA? What a piece of trash......
snugglyirishman::why are you here?
snugglyirishman::that makes zero sense...
scabbfan::Ask the NBA that, I know you want to keep it your dirty little secret. lols
jerome_will42::Hi Everyone !
fandanimal1::You people are delusional.completely healthy,the bulls have 0 chance of beating Miami in a 7 game series
geeman217::Lookey here.  It's the-  "I'm not a Heat fan- Heat fan"...  I see you made yourself(PRETTY DAMM) scarce after the Bulls beat the Heat- last week  LMAO!  Dude you are so fre-kin transparent.  Just go away...
Driving67::Wow..This Bulls team is amazing... Losing to the Mavs....Barely beating the Pistons??? I thought they were league Champs after beating Miami....
Robert156877::As if this matters.  The Bulls have already made the playoffs, something that Hate bandwagon fans like you said would never happen this year.  I would rather the Bulls lose 8 out of the last 10, finish a 7th seed and get a better draft pick.
montdrs::Bulls are pacing themselves. They only get focused when breaking a Heat 27 game win streak, and for the playoffs. Be afraid, be very afraid.
geeman217::(SIGH) another- STILL Butt hurt KOKA ROACH Heat fan had to travel to Chgo to REMIND us how Butt hurt that loss left you guys... PATHETIC!  Why not be happy you won tonight-cause  When is a FOUL not a foul????  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5b9KOpkie8M Can you IMAGINE the crying(BY HEAT FANS) if the REFS  made the right call here?
Jumeax::It doesnt take much contact un or under your foot, to trip you up when you are spinning at full speed  when Cole spins, he brings his foot, onto Leonards foot, before leonarde pulls the foot back Cole's forard momentum continues through his upperbody As leonard stepped back And he is in a postion where it is impossible for him to nrecover his balance  And yes he sold it But with that body and foot posotions plus the momentum It would have been Impossible for him to keep his balance Before he flopped
LeBum is a mental midget::You're not welcome
Southwest Philly Floater::rose's injury is 10 times worse than this:  https://twitter.com/ClarkeSchmidt/status/318544910838009856/photo/1
Kobe Creator of Machu Pichu::I can't believe Bull's fans are still talking about Rose coming back this season...
Sean88142::We could say the same about Kobe...
TheJTram::Hey dont worry about Drummond. Sure his free throws need A LOT of work, but this kid will become a force in the NBA one day...Just wait...
Chicago The City Of Starz 2013::FK MIA!! Get Rose back and lets roll, no team matches up better with them than us!! Play Physical against them and they will cry
Penguinsfan2013::agree
Erica6592::Hey when do the playoffs start?
This_Guy1::I know what i'm doing that day wink wink nudge nudge
DroseTWoods::4/20
In Derrick Rose We Trust::@gillianx05@aim.com  I love your confidence and how much faith you have in the Bulls!
LeBum is a mental midget::All this talk about dropping to the 6 seed so we don't play miami in the second round confuses me. We are going to have to face Miami anyway so might as well get it out of the way sooner and get a slightly better draft pick if we lose. Just my thoughts
Jake Kiefer::isn't the draft seeding based off regular season record though....hence the bulls having the 29th pick last year even though they were bounced in the first round
Robert156877::That is why we need to drop to a 7th seed.  It's not about what round they play the Hate.  It's about getting a better pick for the future.
In Derrick Rose We Trust::I rather play them in the ECF because by then (if Rose comes back at all) he will be 100% playing in the 1st and 2nd rnd will shake off the rust.
LeBum is a mental midget::Good point. That is probably for the best
gilliannx05@aim.com::and Miami will watch us in the Finals from their couch
In Derrick Rose We Trust::Whats better?  Getting the 5th spot and playing the Nets (which wont be easy, theyre a solid team) and play the Heat in the 2nd round or the 6th spot and playing the Knicks but play the Pacers in the 2nd round? I like the latter because it gives us a chance to make it to the ECF.
Jake Kiefer::bulls have the knicks number too
gilliannx05@aim.com::Knicks will get the 2nd seed
gilliannx05@aim.com::If Jimmy Butler was the SG two years ago the chicago bulls woulda won that chip
gilliannx05@aim.com::this should be the starting 5 for the playoffs pg-Hinrich sg-jimmy butler sf- luol deng pf- Carlos boozer c- Joakim Noah
gilliannx05@aim.com::If Rose comes back at all I wouldn't bring him back until the 2nd round we could take care of Brooklyn even without him
Erica6592::I'm not to sure about that.....
In Derrick Rose We Trust::nah, he needs to play in the 1st round to get rid off the rust and to get use to playing with his teammates
Sean88142::Indeed. If we can get similar production from Rose. The Bulls would absolutely destroy the Heat. I'm sorry, but if Miami can't take care of the Bulls without Rose or Noah, then have no shot with them. Noah and Boozer (now) would completely own the interior and forget about it. Rose would dominate Chalmers or Wade with his speed and distribution. The difference now is the speed. The injury factor has saved the Heat so far. It's time for the good luck to shine on the Bulls for once.
gilliannx05@aim.com::If Rose comes back and plays as the old Rose we will easily beat those bums in Miami
gilliannx05@aim.com::yea and we had keith bogans who sucked really bad and boozer wasn't pulling down 20 and 20 against miami which boozer has this year and butler can grab 10-15 ppg easily against miami
In Derrick Rose We Trust::no....back in 10-11 we swept them in the reg season series yet came up short in the ECF.  This Miami team is really really good they are a better team. I would love to see the Bulls win but i highly doubt it will happen.
gilliannx05@aim.com::Last I checked we have 2 against miami this year, without Rose. With that kind of atttitude we'd never win
In Derrick Rose We Trust::Idk bout that....Miami is prime to win it this year.  I hate saying it but its the truth.
gilliannx05@aim.com::I honestly think if Rose comes back and can pull down at least 20 a night we have a shot at going to the finals, it was all about boozers production and he's getting 20 ppg against miami this year
In Derrick Rose We Trust::Any word on Rose? Anything?
Erica6592::I think that question will be put to rest when he comes back!
gilliannx05@aim.com::I love Rose but I question his fire, with him back we are a contender even this year
Kit Ramsey::Did u question his fire BEFORE his injury?
Erica6592::I know, it sucks!
Sean88142::Indeed. Derrick Rose is the NBA's best and most likable player.
Erica6592::In Derrick Rose We Trust - I miss him..... A LOT. the NBA is not the same  We all do! I agree! To be honest the NBA sucks without Rondo too!
In Derrick Rose We Trust::I miss him..... A LOT. the NBA is not the same
Erica6592::Nope, same crap, different day!
In Derrick Rose We Trust:::(
ncjcrsu::How's the 5th seed, Bulls fans?
Kit Ramsey::How's the Heat's long winning streak?
Vermin_cain::The Miami Heat, 2013 NBA Champions
charles964777::It would be nice to see D.Rose let everyone know that he won't be playing this season and continue the rest of his rehab alone so..the rest of the team can focus on playing without him and not have to see him in practice and have in the back of their minds that he may return.....
Sean88142::Only if Rose doesn't return. If he does..oh sh*t. The Heat are f*cked.
Kit Ramsey::Yep.
IAmBushidoBrown::Chiraq
Ballin_like_jordann::looks like the chikago bulls will play jay zs nets in the 1st round  brooklyn stand up
Ballin_like_jordann::drummond is a baller. pistons could upgrade pg-sg and sf
Westbrick is still not elite::drummond is a beast. first two games back from injury were really nice. he looks very promising. next Dwight maybe
airmike2334::wow, the bulls deserved to lose this game. this kind of play won't win a single playoff game.
Sean88142::So, they deserved to lose a back-2-back game in which they were missing their 2 best players?
Erica6592::? They were playing the second game of a back to back? playoff of games are usually close!
ohiostate-detroit::Pistons fans -- Is there any question about whether or not Lawrence Frank should be fired when the season is over?
Monzy1396::2 for 2 vs Detroit today+Good food+Church= BEST EASTER EVER.
ADBeady::Dear Bulls, please get the 5 seed. That is all. -Knicks Fan
Sean88142::Typo, he meant 6. No Knick fan in their right mind would want the Bulls in round 1, or any round for that matter.
syoudelis::I don't get why so many Detroit fans are bashing Drummonds. He's still young, and has proven that he has what it takes to play at this level, give it a couple more years before you start calling for the noose.
Vermin_cain::That's what stupid fans do...It;s mostly the fat ones, who sit on their @ss all day and come here to bash players.
pdiddy0622::Chicago dodged a Bull-et! Way to go Bulls
