Anderson Daniel::Thunder to start a new winning streak! 14-4!! Thunder Up!
Willie Woodberry::We need to go after Asik. Miami, Indy, San Antonio, and Portland are better than us until we upgrade our Center. Perkins is a waste of floor space.
Jordan Bowser::I agree. Asik would be a pretty solid addition. However i still think we can win the west with this crew, just leave it to durant and westbrook. but wining the championship? i don't think we would beat miami or indiana
Justin McElhaney::He's not worth a 1 yr $15 million deal which is what he is due in his contract next season
Brandon Tigues::forgetting about asik contract? like somebody mentioned up top if they didn't wanna pay harden 14 million a year what makes you think they're going to pay 15 million for asik..unless you wanna rent him for a year then sure and aren't you forgetting steven adams? the guys good I wish the heat had him.
Brian Tigue::anyone know if westbrook is playing tonight
Justin Michel::Yes he is !
Brandon Tigues::lol what the hell..are we related by chance?
Brian Tigue::lol I dnt think so man
Justin McElhaney::I've heard fans say OKC should get Asik which is ridiculous..1st Houston is overdoing his worth and asking too much...2nd if OKC got him they would have 2 pay him his remaining $5 million this year and $15 million next year and Omer is not worth a 1 yr $15 million..if they wouldn't give Harden $14 miilion a yr what makes u think they would give Asik a million more who is nowhere the caliber of Harden...
Willie Woodberry::First of all, the idea of upgrading a Center that averages 3 points and 3.5 rebounds a game is anything but "ridiculous". In fact, it would be ridiculous if we didn't. Asik averaged 10 points and 11 rebounds when he actually played last season... so paying him $20 million over 2 years makes way more sense than paying Kendrick $18 million over 2 years.
Willie Woodberry::Harden wanted 6 years. Nobody is saying give Asik a 6 year deal... just keep him for 2 until Adams develops.
Babis Karypidis::Willie Woodberry we need a Gasol type of player. who can also score by playing with his back to the basket. to be a threat for a doule team so that creates space and movement. then OKC willl surely win the finals. ofcourse everyone is better than perkins offensively but i think there are much better choises than asik. for example just imagine vucenic...!!!
Corey Ledford::Scott Brooks really needs to mix up the starting lineup. They almost always get the Thunder off to a slow start in each half. PLEASE STOP PLAYING PERKINS.
Patrick Oliver::It's gonna end up costing Brooks his job. Everyone in the world sees that Perkins has nothing left in the tank and has absolutely no business starting for any NBA team, let alone one as deep as the Thunder. I'd rather see Hasheem Thabeet in there at this point.
Corey Ledford::Agreed. I know he recognizes the futility of the starting lineup, but he still continues to put it into play due to some misplaced loyalty to Perkins. I know he's a nice guy and all, but there's no justification for giving him significant play time, especially at the start of each half. Thabo is pretty weak offensively as well, so the starting lineup is basically playing 3v5 on the offensive side of the ball.
Jeremy Bloom::Patrick Oliver I don't think you realize how terrible Thabeet is...
George Brown::Did yall hear the heat are thinking about trading Dwyane wade
Terri Missprissy Lackey::i believe this road trip is making OKC stronger
John Osaki Jr.::It will never happen! Check the great Dwyane Wade and Kevin Durant in the projected rankings in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Jeremy Bloom::Westbrook needs to drive more- 3-10 on jumpers, 4-5 on drives.
Arvin Ramroop::chance for a 4 point play fish :)
Al-Jaleel Sawab::This road trip is starting to take a toll on OKC
