lethrneck4::how the hell are the knicks still in first in the atlantic?? they have been playing terrible for over a month even longer and are still one of the top seeds in the east..outside miami the East has no real teams
Notta Lespn1::People thought I was crazy when I said Melo would look good coming off the Bulls bench for 18-22 ppg.  What you see is what you get.
D_train2724::You are crazy talking that garbage.
setrue::Ffff.....winning a championship, I am raising ticket prices every season, win or lose until I make my next billion!"  --Dolan
setrue::"The Knicks scored only 63 points for the whole game?  We score that much by half time."  --Houston Rockets
jakesteeley::If only the almighty Jeremy Lin still played for the Knicks, they would be undefeated
OAKadam::I'd hope so when you put up almost 30 3-pointers a night
setrue::Rockets young rising team that was project to be last in West Conf. but now in playoff.  They are above expectations.  The rest I could not understand you.
setrue::Rockets have cap room for one more superstar and their GM openly covets Dwight Howard.
the_alba_bang::If Jsmoove come to H-town then things could get reeeeeally interesting....Robinson developing off the bench doesn't hurt either.
Notta Lespn1::Basically I think the Rockets have reached the apex of what Harden brings to the table and the playoffs are approaching which is where he struggled last year. And with Asik, Lin gettingmax$ soon is the future really that bright?
Notta Lespn1::but yet remain uncompetitve instate and inconf.  harden has made a name for him self but the rockets remain mid-bottom feeders in the playoff pile? typical western conf. hype LOOK HOW much we score. Bulls Win
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::And the other team has like 60 if not more.
setrue::Like the two times Rocket B slapped the Knicks this season.  LMAO
setrue::"I am  raising ticket prices by 6.4 percent next season but I can't afford to pay Jeremy Lin."  --Dolan
Laughs2006::lin has made no improvements on his game, i love the kid but 15m is way too much sorry bro no evidence lin will ever be worth cp3 money in any year but he was fun to watch.
setrue::Why would a Knick fan care about saving a billionaire owner money when it does not affect team salary cap?  He made hundred of millions off Linsanity.  Plus he let Lin go for NOTHING in compensation.   The Felton, Kidd is statistically the worse guard combo in NBA.  Lin has all the upside.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Salary cap.
setrue::Knick were already over salary cap.  They won his early bird rights that would not count against cap.  Only cost was to Dolan's pocketbook. FACT.
Ontario925::The ball ego hog injured player just didn't get enough of his Honey Nut Screw Up The Knicks Cheerios. The jerk couldn't stay out of the NYC news spotlight long enough. So he wanted to come back too early just to screw things up with the team just to get his name on the front page of the NY sports media news again.
swagcityhooptown::is that what they mean about playing at 80%?
Laughs2006::lol damned if he does damned if he does not..just yesterday the story was melo is faking his injury to skip out on playing the nuggets, now he just wants to be in the spotlight...maybe he just wants to play basketball like he is paid to
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::If it were Kobe, he would be applauded for being a warrior.
JaxFl45::I hope Melo doesn't further injure himself trying to play hurt.
Ontario925::I hate this Cancermelo guy even more than Arod and other big names to came to NY sports teams. At least Arod won something big in the Postseason with NY even though he used PED's to accomplish it.
LetsPlayScRyB::cancer melo?
sumodude28::Playoffs in West 1 Spurs vs 8 Lakers --- Spurs in 5 2 OKC vs 7 Houston --- OKC in 5 3 Clips vs 6 GSW    ---- GSW in 6 4 Den vs 5 Memphis --- DEN in 5
Laughs2006::lol denver will not beat memphis in any 7 game series and cp3 would not allow his team to lose to the warriors....this is clearly a joke
derek_510::THIS GUY LAUGHS clearly does not understand matchups.
colosportsman::If Denver has HCA where they are almost unbeatable..plus the fact they are going to take 3 out of 4 games from the Grizzlies this year in the regular season. Its only common sense that they will have a huge advantage over them.
BryHinkle::Tough to argue with this.  I would love to think that the Nuggets could get by OKC but I just don't think it would happen in a 7 game series.
I prefer boxers over briefs::That would be an interesting matchup.  Neither one is particularly great on the road.  Would OKC be more likely to steal one in Denver, or Denver steal one in OKC???
sumodude28::2nd round 1 Spurs vs 4 Den --- Den in 7 2 OKC vs 6 GSW --- OKC in 5  OKC vs DEN = OKC in 7 in Western Finals
Ontario925::The Knicks showed they can play as good as they did in November without their top 4 so called players in the team's game lineup. Too many chiefs and not enough indians on the Knicks team system. Too many bad fat ego players and not enough good team character players.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::"GOD DAMMIT!!! ONE MORE SHOT AND I WOULD'VE SURPASS KD"  ~~ meLO;)
Ontario925::If Carmelo Anthony really cares so much about the best success interest of the Knicks he would personally choose to still sit out of the team lineup for another 3 weeks. That is what unselfish good team player leaders do. They stay STF out of the team's way and let the team do their best success business. That is why players like Jeremy Lin are gone now.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::"I'M CARmeLO AND I BUTCHER COACHES FOR A LIVING"  ~~ meLO;)
bcbunley89::Even though that TEAM has absolutely 0% chance to even win 2 playoff games without him huh?
Ontario925::Brickmelo Hog Anthony is overrated. Carmelo "Me Above The Best Success Interest Of My Team" Anthony. The Knicks will never ever win any ECC again with top players like that.
Laughs2006::what is this upside lin has? people keep saying it but until he actually gets better at something then it is just a pipe dream....kwame brown had an upside as well that means nothing to date lins production has been average he could not even make the all star game or the rising star game for an asian that is horrible he has done nothing great  all season in fact thats why they got harden w/o harden the rockets would be bottom 5 in the league.
bcbunley89::Ontario925 - Brickmelo Hog Anthony is overrated. Carmelo "Me Above The Best Success Interest Of My Team" Anthony. The Knicks will never ever win any ECC again with top players like that.  Wrong.  The Knicks will never win the Raymond Felton as the floor leader.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::IT TAKES A TEAM TO WIN...DON'T GET TOO FAR AHEAD OF YOURSELF LOL;)
bcbunley89::Upside wont win a title
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::PERHAPS BUT LIN DEFINITELY HAS MORE UPSIDES THAN FATON.  BTW, LIN IS ALSO A BETTER FLOOR GENERAL/LEADER WHEN HE'S THE FIRST OPTION.  WITH HARDEN ON THE TEAM, HE'S LESS EFFECTIVE;)
bcbunley89::Lin isnt a floor general or a leader either.  This isnt about talent....its about leadership.  Its supposed to come from the PG spot, and Felton nor Lin have that.  SO neither is needed really
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::WERE YOU ONE OF THEM LIN HATERS WHOM WERE CALLING FOR FATON OVER LIN AT THE START OF THE SEASON LOL?!;)
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::BREAKING NEWS:  meLO AND FATON JUST SIGN UP WITH JENNY CRAIG!!!;)
Ontario925::Change your name and I will completely agree along with your comment.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::"PLEASE COME TO TEXAS...IT'S VERY FRIENDLY IN MY BACKYARD"  ~~ GWB;)
Ontario925::The family Dolans are idiots. Indians fans can tell you that.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::OMG FATON IS A SCRUB!!!;)
Sportkid6995::Ny knicks more like NY bricks. Did not enjoy this game we'll be lucky to get out of the first round.
Ontario925::NY Bricks owned by James Bricks Dolan
Ontario925::The problem is not D'Antoni. The problem is not Jeremy Lin. The problem is not Marbury. The problem is not Isiah Thomas. None of these guys have been the owner of the Knicks since 1999.
LES 989::no sh.it everyone knows Dolan is the worst owner in the NBA nothing anyone can do about it
tungcn2010::Pathetic!!!!!
bigapplemortgage::A few things I know. The Knicks will be lucky to hold on to the division. Getting out of round 1 will be a 50/50 toss up at best for them and getting to the ECF would require a great deal of fortune and huge unexpected turnaround, probably 10% chance of that at best. They have 0% chance of beating Miami and will be very, very lucky to win more then one game versus them if the play. Melo is overrated by some Knick fans that are under 18 but most definitely does not suck and if they didn't have him they'd be no better then the Raptors.
Ontario925::The Knicks players for two years continue to show they are not comfortable playing with Cancermelo Anthony.
setrue::Plus the 7 years Nugget players were not comfortable  which equals Melo's  whole career.  Which includes the ONE year Billups made it work in Denver.
bcbunley89::Then get a Chauncey Billups to NY!!!!!  Who cares if the other dudes arent comfortable???  Melo had Chauncey, Melo was showin out, and the role players got in line.  Since when do their feelings matter?
barberfan916::yeah because the knicks were so good without him, winning an average of 25 games a year before he and amare came here.
bcbunley89::As pathetic as it gets. The worst organization in the NBA before Amare and Melo came
bcbunley89::Then get em outta there and get players that are.....like everyone he had in Denver the year he got to the WCF and lost only cause he had to beat Kobe and the Lakers, which obviously wasnt happening.  Ur crazy if u think Melo has to acquiese to THESE dudes, and that waste of a PG they call Raymond Felton
setrue::What happen to Woodson's policy of holding his players including Melo accountable for moving the ball on offense and playing hard on defense?
Ontario925::That apparently went out the window quickly.
bcbunley89::Playoff time!!!!!!!!!  Nobody has time for all that!!!!
Ontario925::The Nuggets fans were right all along what they said about Cancermelo Anthony 3 years ago. Team cancer player describes him perfectly.
Ontario925::Cancermelo Anthony already had his lifetime 15 minutes of fame in 2003 with the Syracuse Orange. His NBA career is overrated.
bigapplemortgage::I'm not a big fan of the guy nor do I think he is more than he is but that does not mean he sucks as you've said. Nice to keep editing your comments. What a joke.
bigapplemortgage::You mean when they were wearing his jersey and had his posters as they were rooting for him? Yes the are like most other hypocrites who say one thing then later say the opposite. Similar to how you edit your comments constantly to fit your point after someone makes a good counterpoint.
bcbunley89::"Cancermelo Anthony=Stephon Marbury No.2 for the Knicks"  Someone has NO idea what the hell they're talkin about.
setrue::'How many more losses before I concede my Knicks s.u.c.k.s?"  --Delusional Knicks Fan
AuburnTigers564::Bring back the NBA on NBC and 90's basketball!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Pnl1ulaG5k
Ontario925::Yeah Cancermelo Anthony departs from the Knicks injured while they were getting blown out in the first half at Cleveland. The Knicks comeback and win game. Cancermelo Anthony returns to the Knicks lineup last night. The Knicks get blown out again like they did in the first half at Cleveland. I hate this friggin guy.
Ontario925::Cancermelo Anthony=Stephon Marbury No.2 for the Knicks
bigapplemortgage::This is what I was talking about earlier. I don't think Melo is an MVP nor a top 5 player and he's surely not a good winner but your comment is absurd. Are you making a claim that the Knicks would be better without him? Two games are your evidence. Do you discard every game they have won when he played well? Comments like this are equally, if not more demented, then the imbeciles who think he is an MVP. He is what he is, not an MVP, not a Champion, but definitely does not suck.
The Big Stroonzo::I hated him too before coming to Nix, but he has "Melo'ed."
Lebroncouldcareless::AT ALL!!!
Lebroncouldcareless::NOT IMPRESSED  AT ALL!!
The Big Stroonzo::Even though I don't believe in my Nix, they are the only team that has played the Heat well this year. If Nix reach ECF, they actually have a chance...then of course would lose in Championship finals vs. West.
I prefer boxers over briefs::They will be lucky to get out of the first round.  Again.
bcbunley89::Implying that you feel they could possibly get to the conference finals.  Like I said.....too much confidence
The Big Stroonzo::I said... <b>IF</b>
bigapplemortgage::They will not reach the ECF, no way, and they will be very lucky to win 1 game out of 7 versus the Heat if they played them. I am a Knicks fan, I have lived in Miami for 12 years and hate the Heat and their fake fans but I'm not blind. Wake up my dude, the Knicks are the definition of pretenders.
smokingstogies305::You spilled a little delusion on your shirt there.
bcbunley89::LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Way to much confidence
Pusherman3::Ouch!
robonic30::I knew the Knicks would stumble towards the end of the season ! We all Did !!
Lebroncouldcareless::SOON TO BE FIRST ROUND EXIT!
gt1master_ike::They are still 2nd in the East.
rodman562001::Ontario925 - I knew the Knicks would get blown last night like they did the last time Cancermelo Anthony played a game for them.  go away you $@%!$@% punk troll !!
Ontario925::I knew the Knicks would get blown last night like they did the last time Cancermelo Anthony played a game for them.
I prefer boxers over briefs::Tied with Indy.  Barely above the Nets.  And heading south...
bigapplemortgage::That won't last. They will be fortunate to hold on to the division.
smokingstogies305::Soon to be 5th.
claude01::Doesn't matter that the Knicks haven't won since 1973.  Doesn't matter the MSG is a old decaying stadium despite the new renovations.  The Knicks and MSG are best team and best arena in the history of the world..  said by delusional NYers evey day of the week.
Ontario925::The most recent MSG was the best stage in the World in the first 10 years after it was built and opened in 1968. I would say only the Royal Albert Hall in London during that period rivaled it for Concerts.
smokingstogies305::You forgot the Melo for MVP talk.
bigapplemortgage::First, no one says the Knicks are the best team. Secondly, outside of TV you've never seen MSG nor know anyone from New York.
bigapplemortgage::Again, you don't know one person from NY nor have ever been there. Your two comments confirm that and no lie you will tell afterwards will change that fact.
claude01::assumptions.. another trait of a NYer
Lebroncouldcareless::LEBRON IS  NOT  IMPRESSED!
Ontario925::The Knicks were not exactly 1970 to 1973 before Dolan and MSG corp arrived in early 1999 as head owner of the Knicks/Rangers but what exactly on his resume with the team since 2000 has the idiot done great with management of the team? While the NBA is on lockout Starks is traded. Ewing departed after the 2000 third round of the Postseason. Van Gundy is gone as coach soon after. Marv Albert team game announcer since 1967 is fired soon after. Isiah Thomas arrives. Stephon Marbury arrives soon after that.
smokingstogies305::Dolan's a d.ouche bag. What other result would you expect.
Ontario925::The Knicks team quickly goes to hell within 4 years after 2000.
claude01::I wonder if Clyde can still hoop?  He's probably better than allof  the Knicks' guards right now.
Ontario925::The Knicks will never even win the ECC again as long as they have ownership management like James Dolan.
Oaktown1029::We were giving up 63 points in a half for a bad stretch there - hopefully this will spark a winning streak!
Ontario925::I like the Atlantic side much more than the Gulf side.
Ontario925::I liked San Diego and San Francisco way more than Los Angeles. Especially San Diego. Heck I even liked visiting Chicago and Houston on vacation more than Los Angeles. But you are right I prefer the U.S. coast where the Sun rises over the coast where the Sun sets. I love Sunrises more than Sunsets. It's a Biblical thing with me about a New Day and New Life about the Sun. Sunsets are always more depressing to me.
The Big Stroonzo::Wow man, groooovy.
smokingstogies305::Here in the Florida keys, I get both. The sun both rises and sets along the coast here.
The Big Stroonzo::No one cares about Golden State.
The Big Stroonzo::Oaktown1029 - You don't care about GS, that's okay - but don't speak for anybody else - you're not that special.  Oh, but I am.
Oaktown1029::You don't care about GS, that's okay - but don't speak for anybody else - you're not that special.
jaredthedrummer::As a Nuggets fan I say good riddance to Melo, looking forward to booing  him tomorrow from the Pepsi center
jaredthedrummer::Congratulate a guy who asked to be traded? There's an idea. I am glad the Nuggets are where they are, and I am glad Melo is gone. Maybe you would take the "higher road" as you suggest but as for me, you ask to be traded, you deserve to be booed.
The Big Stroonzo::I'm a Nix fan and I agree w/you. I always hated a played that wants out from my team.
jaredthedrummer::Miami and then who??
The Big Stroonzo::Who cares, no one else has a chance vs. West.
jaredthedrummer::All the assets we attained is because the Knicks saw him as that. A superstar. I don't care what your personal opinion is about Melo. All I am saying is that the Knicks got what they wanted. Has nothing to do with your opinion of Melo. You seem to be the defensive one
bigapplemortgage::Nice to change the subject. My only point was and still is that it is hypocritical to boo a guy you wanted gone, don't like, and say isn't that good. Additionally, it was him that earned all of those players that you currently root for. Why boo him? If anything you should applaud him for making the Nuggets trade him and getting all those assets in return. You are the definition of a hypocrite if you boo him, and I know you will.
Ontario925::Yeah the Miami Heat are weak sauce,lol.
bigapplemortgage::They are the only team in the East that can win it
jaredthedrummer::Fair enough Stroonzo
jaredthedrummer::Hey we both got what we wanted in the trade. You got your "superstar". Enjoy
bigapplemortgage::Thanks for proving my point. I never called him a superstar once. Your defensive remarks make me know I'm correct. Now go and boo the guy you wanted gone and say sucks, makes sense since you are a hypocrite.
jaredthedrummer::And we only fall faster in the playoffs because the eastern conference is weak sauce
The Big Stroonzo::That's my point.
jaredthedrummer::He asked to leave Denver.... that's why we wanted him gone. Either get something in return at the deadline or have him walk in free agency??? No brainer
Pusherman3::The guy that got the Nuggets the assets was Masai.  Nuggets fans cheer for him. Melo did nothing but whine his way out of town.  He did handle better than Dwight though, I'll give him that.
bigapplemortgage::I never said trading him was a bad idea, it was a good idea. My point is why boo somebody you wanted gone and that got you all the assets you currently like to root for? That is hypocritical, but don't let that stop you and 19,000 others from making fools out of yourselves booing the guy you say sucks and wanted gone.
bigapplemortgage::Here is what I see as hypocrisy. I don't want you to not boo Melo if that's what you want to do, but considering most Nuggets fans wanted him gone and say they are so happy with the trade they got for him, why the hate? That's like dumping your girl for a better a girl but then getting all up in her face and upset when you see her at the mall. The words don't match the actions.
The Big Stroonzo::That's fine, but you're going to fall faster in playoffs than Nix, that's for sure.
Lebroncouldcareless::NOW YOU GOT BULLS FANS   DEFENDING KNICK FANS  LOL!!!!!!!! DAMN   LEBRON HAS DONE A  HELL OF A JOB  NOT EVEN JORDAN DID THAT!!  LMAO!
Lebroncouldcareless::LOL!
bigapplemortgage::All caps. Good work.
Lebroncouldcareless::THANKS  I  LIKEY!!
The Big Stroonzo::Nix you're too good, just too ferkin good.
bcbunley89::There's gotta be a way Stern can take a team from an owner if he's purposely running it into the ground......there's just gotta be!!!!!!!!!!
JLinNASA::The most experienced team in the league is the most injured. Time to blow up the Knicks and rebuild...starting with Dolan.
Ontario925::James Dopelan.
bigapplemortgage::Sounds nice but very unrealistic. You can't fire the owner but nice thought.
Harlem Shake::lmao only 63 pts and knicks fans think they can win the championship?
Nargash35::*Do the Harlem Shake*
dayda77::Carmelo = SOFT.  Wouldn't be surprised at all if he sits against Nuggets.  That's who he is.  Opposite of Lebron/Jordan toughness.
bigapplemortgage::Melo is not tough that is true. LeBron is the best player and a freak of nature but he too is not tough in the least. In terms of toughness, Jordan, who I always hated as a Knicks fan, is 1000x tougher than LeBron will ever be. That is the reason there is a debate because based on physical talent, LeBron is well ahead of MJ.
bigapplemortgage::That is because most people are so biased one way or the other they lose logic and reasoning.  I can think MJ is the GOAT and still know LeBron is much more physically gifted.  I can also think LeBron is the GOAT (I don't) and know that Jordan is the better winner and far more fierce competitor.  The issue is that most people cannot take off their bias blinders and then go on to make absurd and extreme comments.
bcbunley89::Hey im wit u all the way!!!!  Im just saying.....people try to get all in their feelings and s.h.i.t. lol
bigapplemortgage::What's the issue? Jordan is tougher and more of a winner then LeBron but LeBron is physically more gifted and more of a beast. That is an unbiased comment from a Knick fan with reason to hate both players but that has respect for both of them.
bcbunley89::Please dont tell that to Jordan fans!!!!  They may come try to find you forreal lol
Young Carmelo::I`ll bounce back next game.
Nargash35::If that means 0 assists again then keep it up..!!
EezyJeezy11::we know that doesnt mean pass
Young Carmelo::but means little iso
Lebroncouldcareless::MCCOYWAJMU-........YOU ARE A COWBOY FAN SO I RESPECT THAT MUCH  BUT DONT GET MAD AT ME   BECAUSE YOU PICKED THE   BULLS AND I   PICKED LEBRON!!   BUBBA!
mccoywajmu::you saying you "picked lebron" sounds real...umm...non hetero...
Lebroncouldcareless::COME UP WITH ALL THE GAY JOKES YOU LIKE   YOU STILL PICKED A LOSING TEAM   BUBBA!
bcbunley89::For the assets which NY gave up, it woulda been a helluva lot better if they somehow could've acquired Ty Lawson in the deal too.  Wouldnt be havin these problems if a player like that (or similar) is here
I prefer boxers over briefs::Got Chauncy - no way Nugs would give up Lawson.
I prefer boxers over briefs::Ya - Lawson is ballin' this year...
bcbunley89::After this year.....I see why
Nargash35::The deal would have never been made. Nuggets gave up Chauncey because they knew TY is that good..!!
bcbunley89::*kept*
bcbunley89::Wish they coulda got Chauncey then....hell some kind of a leader!!!!
Noondog112378::if melo doesnt get enough touches he gets on his direct line to dolan &amp; $@%!$@%, then dolan gets on his direct line to woodson &amp; !$@%!$@
Lebroncouldcareless::BLAME IT ON LEBRON LOL!!!  HEAT BABY!
Lebroncouldcareless::HIM MAD!
mccoywajmu::you really do troll every article dont you kid?
Lebroncouldcareless::EezyJeezy11 - they don't have troll english classes. you're*  THESE NUTTS* LOL  THIS IS NOT ENGLISH CLASS   BUBBA!
Lebroncouldcareless::mccoywajmu - im not trolling i came on here to talking about knicks and GS.....im a bulls fan..im not here to talk about them  I AM WE ARE NOT HERE ON EARTH TO PLEASE ONE ANOTHER!!
mccoywajmu::im not trolling i came on here to talking about knicks and GS.....im a bulls fan..im not here to talk about them
EezyJeezy11::they don't have troll english classes. you're*
Lebroncouldcareless::NOW THINK ABOUT THAT,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,YOUR ON EVERY ARTICLE   UH BUBBA LOL!
EezyJeezy11::hes a pretty boy athlete. became a star and wants to take the easy road as a celebrity now. thats why he came to NY in the first place
