Elias Adams::Go CELTICS
Thomas O'Neal::The Atlantic division is epically bad. the C's are in first place? Lmao.
Phil Kessel Rules::I was biggest Celtic fan in Pgh during 80's. best front line ever...Bird, McHale and Parish.
Carl Meyer::The Celtics are doing a horrible job trying to throw the season... its very sad when they are sitting 4th in the East.
JCorey Wilde::Go Celtics..
Liam Sibson::This is embarrassing.  Milwaukee against Boston this year: 2-0 (Almost 3-0) Against everyone else: 1-13
Chelo Mejias::almost? the c's were ahead the whole game lol
Liam Sibson::By like 3-8 points against one of the weakest teams in the entire league...
Patrick Fitz::Liam Sibson celtics aren't exactly a powerhouse bud.
Michael Maiorano::Bucks have the worst roster in the NBA, if they finish with over 15 wins it will be a miracle
Mitchell Swirth::that's not true, though I wish it was. 1 game for a win I would take them over Utah's.
Michael Maiorano::i thought the bucks got dropped to the D league?
Chelo Mejias::If the C's lose to this bucks team a 3rd time, i will lose all hope for humanity
Jacob Gasca::Lmao !!!
Sean Cooper::WHAT THE FUDGE R THEY DOING?!!! SMH  The bucks have players on their team I have never heard of before.  Their going about this tank process thing RIGHT way!!. #TeamTank #NoNames
Roderick Marshall::Go Blazers!!!
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Wrong board
Tyler DuPont::this will show you all http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZgqVEmPCWg&feature=youtu.be
William Hagness::Please don't win Bucks just forget this season and pray for a good draft. It is the only hope....remote....but only hope.
Clarence Bolssen::no team should ever tank just to get a good draft pick/ player
Mitchell Swirth::Clarence Bolssen yes they should.
Frank J Chizmar::Milwaukee has had good luck against the Celtics. Celtics will have enough to change their luck in this game tonight.  Milwaukee is 3-13 SU, 5-11 ATS & Boston is 7-12 SU, 10-9 ATS.  It will be Boston on the winning side tonight 96-90.  Boston will win but take Milwaukee +7 & o186,
Clarence Bolssen::both teams suck, the bucks just suck more
Clarence Bolssen::congratulations does, you are official the worst team in the nba!
Al Sotowitz::All the Boston fans that were punks the past three years have all gone away.
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Says a guy whos "BROKE"....must wanna kill yourself right now
Adriano Wind::Pipe down all you haters and sellouts..
Sean Cooper::No one on this page is Selling out. No one would dare be on this Page if th were Not a full fledge C's fan. Pretty sure its a difference between what C's fans believes is good for C's in the long run.
Burhan Khan::Jamal Crawford playing great.
Tylor Ward::Jordan Crawford you mean? this is the Celtics not clippers lol
Burhan Khan::Tylor Ward Haha brief lapse of memory.
Sean Cooper::Jordan Crawford is playing like he's Jamal Crawford smh. Where was he last season when we actually needed him?!!
Matthew Shaffer::celtics have to play marshon brooks
Dustin David::Why do people ALWAYS bring up marshon? I've seen him play a decent amount. He's straight garbage. Just look at his stats for this season. Before you say "Well if he played more" Remember there is a reason they aren't playing him. And it isn't to tank
Tar Yak::Bucks 129  Celtics 88
