BBFocus::Someday this season or next one, I expected Lin would get his first triple double (10+ in points, 10+ in rebounds, and 10+ in assists, and 5 blocks and 5 steals) somewhere...
Swerve8459::i think Lin will lead the team good past the lakers seeing that that have a better down low match up...(gasol cant do it all) but when he gets to other teams with all around good defense aka the mavericks and cuts off his driving, he'll go back to riding the bench..
vanimaniac::"Linning!!!!!"  - Charlie Sheen
kimlee22::thank goodness this nba thing worked out for lin.  he's only got a harvard education to fall back on.
R Bond::After watching the game replay, I am officially impressed.  Young fella has sound fundamentals &amp; he makes his team mates better.  I know Chandler is loving this guy!
sad628jihvesifbhvidznfv::D'Antoni should put Jerome Jordan in. Lin and Jordan were doing that when D'Antoni demoted them to the NBDL last month.
spendit_101::LIN SANE IN THE MEM BRANE
ChrisBC07::Knicks beat the Wizards! Championship bound baby! Linsanity is off the hook he scorerd 23 points!!!
JamesZhou13::John Lucas III scored 25 points and got 8 assists 8 rebounds against the Wizards...
Swerve8459::Jeremy Lin has also not played any teams that are fundamentally sound on defense either
JamesZhou13::Lucas is currently the best player in the NBA under 5'8"
spendit_101::NOBODY CARES ABOUT LUCAS ITS ALL LIN SANE IN THE MEM BRANE
nycpratl::some useful perspective.  this knick club won 4 straight last month.  then lost 9 of 10 including losses to cavs, bucks and phoenix.  Lin's fun to watch so far but long way to go before this club gains any traction.
sad628jihvesifbhvidznfv::BARON DAVIS OR JEREMY LIN? WHO CARES?  FIELDS OR SHUMPERT? WHO CARES?  THE KNICKS BACKCOURT WILL DOMINATE IN MAY. STAY TUNED.
jint476::lin and fields first unit davis and shump second unit
jint476::first we had CRRUUUUZZZZZZZZZZ!!!!!!!!!!!!  NOW WE HAVE LIIINNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!
Cinnasnootzer::I guess most BB fans are convinced that Mallow is a component that looks good before it is installed.  He has an uncanny ability to make teams play worse.
Ray7182770::Carmelo Anthony led the Nuggets to two division titles and to the playoffs every year from 2004 to 2010 .  He helped guide the Orangemen to their first ever NCAA tournament title in 2003.  Yeah he's poison for every team he plays for...
Cinnasnootzer::Sure, Ray.
Ray7182770::So Denver played worse with him, i seem to remember that he's never missed the playoffs since becoming a pro.. And you know, getting a handful of players for one would kind of make your team deeper. SMH
Derek_Jeter007::STAT NEEDS TO GET BACK TO WORK.  This is BS!!  We need him Tomorrow.  Thanks for letting us down STAT.
jint476::ok never mind you are an idiot done talking to you so back to the bball convo
Derek_Jeter007::Nay.  We need STAT to run the pick and roll with YinSanity!!!  His rapist brother would want him to play tomorrow.
jint476::that comment should cost derek jeter 007 his screen name. f'n loser
Derek_Jeter007::you like that screen name right?  It's a good one!
jint476::I
jint476::wow really you might be the biggest idiot here yet!!!!! his brother died and the funeral is on Sat
Ray7182770::I second that notion. All the I's say I
spendit_101::TRADE MELO FOR IGODULA AND TURNER?
sad628jihvesifbhvidznfv::CHANDLER + MELO + STAT + (DECENT POINT GUARD THAT CAN PASS THE BALL) = RING
btpkk::bad trade for philly
Rickster7218::I think when Melo comes back he will end up on a lot good passes from the Lin Machine....Hopefully this will make the Knicks dangerous here on out, no doubt the Knicks are different team with Lin, I hope Melo can get on board with the kid as well...
R Bond::Mello needs to stick with his motion offensive moves only in the motion offense that Lin is directing.  If Mello kills those black hole offensive moves that he has, the Knicks are back!
Adam3dn::<b>Where the f*ck did Lin come from?!?!!  lol<b></b></b>
busterhmen::his parents - the immaculate inception
jint476::old chinese proverb say he come from harvard
tbomber2::linternational waters
tbomber2::what will happen when baron davis comes back?
Derek_Jeter007::what happens?  NOTHING.  He will still be fat and hurt
jint476::if lin is still balling like this davis comes off the bench. if dantoni starts davis for any other reason then you fire dantoni for being stupid
r0kasm0ka::i don't see it happening.. D'antoni's gonna ride this kid like nympho on a sybian
tbomber2::lindeed it is.
tbomber2::thats a linteresting idea
jint476::i say lin gets a double double against the lakers
spendit_101::HE WILL DESTROY FISHER
sportsfans1995::You beat the wizards......come on??? if lin scores 28 against the lakers than ill be IMPRESSED..until than he still is okay.
sportsfans1995::lakers are probaly gunna win..no melo or amare.
jint476::thats what  everyone wants and needs to happen or maybe lin might make look  a little old and laker fans will realize that the end is almost near and lob city will be the LA team talked about for the time being
sportsfans1995::lakers are a good team..kobes gunna make lin his b i tch
jint476::why would this impress you? this will be the worst pg he plays so far and they have the same record as the jazz. sure doesnt sound like the knicks should be impressed with the "other" team in LA
heisenburg_1::Mike Wilbon is clowing knick fans on twitter right now. Funny.
jint476::damn i cant even say a.r.s.e. hahahaha
jint476::it doesnt matter his punk $@%! is from chicago. so do new yorkers really care no i think not
Road dog Red::MW is jealous
jint476::all these people that are saying we are get out of hand here with the lin talk understand this, most of know its only 3 games but lin has brought back an excitement to ny basketball that we have not seen in a long time. so knicks lets enjoy it. haters go find something else to hate about
Road dog Red::I'm IN with Lin
griffin1391::OMG the knicks beat the wizards?? There the first team to do that since every other team this year
jackp16::John trying to succeed with the Wizards is like running into a brick WALL.
Derek_Jeter007::haha he is so overrated
Road dog Red::John Wall SUCKS
ryet198123::Why I hate New York/New Yorkers- dude plays 3 good games and all of a sudden he's headlining Espn and is the savior at PG for The Knicks.  The Knicks suck.  They are soft, have a bad coach, and their star players are over rated and over paid.  Good luck with that.  Get back to me in a month on your "win with Lin" BS when your still not even playoff bound.
Ray7182770::Hahahaha.. this guy is waaaayyy too angry. Let me guess, you came to the Big Apple to live out your dreams and got robbed an dbeaten in the process. Is that the source of your anger? LOL
Derek_Jeter007::Are you from Rye?  I know you
sportsfans1995::I AGREE.!!
jint476::so the question is what bandwagon are you riding on theses days?
jackp16::What's with the "hate" speech? We are just having a good time. Lighten up and enjoy the moment.
jackp16::Knicks new motto:  WIN WITH LIN.
Ramon3546::Lin has matched Wall twice in their careers already and that isn't even the most impressive part of the game to me.   Lin looked WAAAAAAAAAAY more polished as a point guard than Wall did last night despite playing way fewer minutes as an NBA pro-guard. He showed better vision, decision-making, and knowledge of his system.   Wasn't even close.
BiasedPacquiaoFan7::your joking. Read the stat line. Look at everyone on the Knicks and then look at the wizards. Even without Amare and Carmelo, New York has a better team. John Wall had nobody to pass to. And still came away with 1 turnover.
spendit_101::TRADE LIN AND FUTURE DRAFT PICKS FOR WALL
b10you::Besides that...Wall can't shoot!! Lin worked him over last night. Give the kid a chance!
Ramon3546::Lin has worked Wall twice already.
Ramon3546::LOL. Not enough basketballs on the court with Wall and Melo there.
b10you::Lin is definitly going to make a major impact for the rest of the year ...if...Melo allows it!! The problem is the Melo never plays well with others. He gets upset when hes not the center of attention and cries about til they have to rerun the offense aroung him. Shumpert was the victim of the Melo selfishness and lost all of his confidence. Now he can't even dribble the ball without looking over his shoulder to make sure Melo isn't breathing down his back wanting the ball.
Ramon3546::I agree. Melo is going to be a problem for the offense. So is Toney Douglas when/if he gets to play. I am not a fan of either of their games and would trade them. But mine is a minority opinion.
Ramon3546::Let me dispel a stupid conception about Lin among people: he isn't little. He's a 6'3" 200 lb. PG. That is pretty big for the position.  Chris Paul is 3 inches shorter and 25 lbs. lighter.  Steve Nash is 2 inches shorter and 20 lbs. lighter. Rajon Rondo is 2 inches shorter and 15 lbs. lighter. Derick Rose is the same height and around 5 lbs. lighter.  Deron Williams is the same height and about 10 lbs. heavier.  Ricky Rubio is 1 inch taller and 20 lbs. lighter. John Wall is 1 inch taller and 5 lbs. lighter.   As you can see, he falls well within the range of your typical NBA point guard.
b10you::Wall seems like he's smaller too. Just don't expect that kind of speed out of someone that big!!
Ramon3546::I think Lin is more "quick" than he is fast.   His dribble drive reminds me of the older school types you'd see from Earl Monroe back in the day.
b10you::He is a bigger guy he just looks small cause he's so fast.
Ramon3546::It kind of makes sense when you think about it though. He wouldn't be able to drive to the basket and finish and well and often as he does if he weren't big and strong enough to withstand the hard contact.
nomercy2182::Yea that's one good thing about Lin, always being underestimated
spendit_101::LIN/AMARE PT 2 OF NASH/AMARE . LOVE
the_alba_bang::Let's hope so.
spendit_101::LIN IS NOT TEBOW, LIN ACTUALLY HAS REAL TALENT
the_alba_bang::Jeremy Lin.
johnnyx2011::Kobe will be recruiting JLin to LA bc Fisher is getting old. Lakers will give him a better contract if Knicks doesn't.
Ramon3546::LOL.
InternetCensorship::Look what happens when you play two good games and you play for the Knicks.  MEDIA PANDEMONIUM!!!!!!
the_alba_bang::Damn, he looks little as shhit running out there on the court.
Ramon3546::People just assume because he's Asian he's shorter and smaller. Guy is big and strong for his position or else he wouldn't be able to drive as hard and often to the basket as he does.
the_alba_bang::Well, it's not just that. It's a number of other factors. He's from Harvard for one. How many players you know come out of Harvard and has games like these in the NBA. Also, he is Tawainese. We are all still looking for Yao's replacement and that other guy "Li" aint cutting it. And also, people always root for the little guys - from Spud to Mugsy to Iverson to Nate.
Ramon3546::Lin isn't little. He's a 6'3" 200 lb. PG. That is pretty big for the position.
Ramon3546::Actually its three games. And they were great games, each and every one of them.
nomercy2182::Will the pick n roll be effective against the Bynum and Gasol? I'm scared of turnovers when Lin tries to lob to Chandler
Knicks2DaDeath::Lin must be getting treated like a king in china town! i can see him now on canal street going to J&amp;L to get some new games and people flooding the block!
Zoso2k::Remember Kevin Maas?
jint476::i do he was going to be a hall of famer after his 21 homers when he got called up.
Whats The Spread::1 Rose 2 Paul 3 Lin
Ramon3546::Who said Asians can't drive?  ;-P
Whats The Spread::They can't
the_alba_bang::He got it. We all did.
Ramon3546::you didn't get the joke huh?
gt1master_ike::ANd it only took a few weeks for lin to get started.
Whats The Spread::Lin is prob the 5th best pg in the game right now
Whats The Spread::Who said asians can't ball.. This kid is nasty
unclejulio1993::john wall is disrespected
gt1master_ike::true
jint476::hes going to be good give him time to develop
jint476::marbury was way better his early years.
Knicks2DaDeath::way better! Wall is a bad lottery pick
jint476::if wall had 3 all stars his rookie year we would be talking about him being one of the best pg in the game
Ramon3546::Wall wouldn't be able to play with 3 all stars. He doesn't have a pass first/scorer later mentality. All I see is a 1 on 1 player playing the point.  Reminded me a little of Starbury's mentality.
Knicks2DaDeath::yea he would be alot better off but going to washington where he is the "man" is gonna hurt him in the long run
jint476::so its rondo all over again
Ramon3546::rondo has floor vision and can pass at least.
Knicks2DaDeath::rondo can pass tho and i think he has vision just no shot
jint476::wall needs a better team
Knicks2DaDeath::yea to me he is one of those guys you cant stop because he is so fast with the ball. But he has no shot, no vision, no passing skills etc
Ramon3546::john wall needs a better game at the point. his team won't win until his shot selection and decision-making improve.  but damn is he fast.
Knicks2DaDeath::i think all he has going for him is speed
Knicks2DaDeath::and trash
Knicks2DaDeath::Soon enough the haters will have to respect the knicks
jint476::the knicks tried the wolves werent selling
jint476::rubio is the man im loving those wolves. love and rubio might be the new stockton to malone
Knicks2DaDeath::he really wanted to come to NY and his family wanted a bigger market then minnesota
forgetmenot433::Maybe Ricky knew what he was doing b waiting to come to the league...
forgetmenot433::T-wolves also on the rise.
Knicks2DaDeath::thats all thats important is making the playoff's
forgetmenot433::Just make the playoffs and play well at the end.  Anything can happen.  Especially with that beast of a talent Melo.
Knicks2DaDeath::yea it gets crazy on here but i wont start talking smack until we are a few games above .500
forgetmenot433::I sure hope not.  I'm a Spurs fan.  Lin is a fantastic story, though I will admit I was hating because of the spammers.
Knicks2DaDeath::yup for sure! i think they will be this years grizzles in the western conference playoff race
Ramon3546::I still don't understand what the record of the opposing team has to do with Lin's success?  There are good defensive teams who can't defend opposing point guards. Look at the Lakers no less. Derek Fischer gets routinely smoked by quicker guards who can break opposing defenses off the dribble. Last season in the playoffs Paul and Barrea torched them silly.
jint476::i cant wait
jint476::ok so lin scores 10 pts but will still have about 12 assist if kobe sticks him. novak, shump and fields will have good games and chandler and bynum will even each other out
Ramon3546::And I am not so sure Kobe can consistently stick him one on one without help either.  Lin broke down Wall a few times. And he's as quick as they come.  I saw how Paul destroyed Kobe off the dribble. Its an interesting matchup.
jint476::thats fine who is fisher going to guard fields and shump
Ramon3546::Precisely.
jint476::its ok if the knicks beat the lakers and lin has another good game they will just say that fisher is old and the lakers arent as good as they use to be so it wont count.
Ramon3546::There are people saying that Kobe is going to guard Lin--which is crazy.
sad628jihvesifbhvidznfv::Toney Douglas regulated to "Andy Rautins" status= FINALLY
jint476::and i do agree with all your points about douglas
Ramon3546::if you agree, then you can see that he's expendable.   I am not a fan of having too many combo guards and we already have shumpert.  I think we can find a better option at the guard spot who will better fit the system.
jint476::hes a streaky shooter when hes hot hes hot when hes not hes not. shooters mentality shoot your way out of a slump. its dantonis job to figure out how to use him
jint476::if he spots up and knocks shots down hes effective and a point guard that gets the ball to them in the right spot is going to make everyone better
Ramon3546::I won't deny he can drain shots when he's hot. But....  1.)  there are better 3 point shooters at the guard spot.  2.) his overall shot selection is horrendous, especially on the transition. 3.) because of this he doesn't recognize the appropriate time to shoot the ball.
jint476::he averaged over 10 ppg and shot 37% from 3 last year not terrible off the bench and when he knocked down shots he would spread the floor
Ramon3546::He also shot 41% from the field and hogs the ball when it comes his way.
jint476::hes not a passer hes a scorer
jint476::he hasnt had a defined role all year. give him a role and stick to it
sgrudel788::he had shoulder surgery might be effecting his shot
Ramon3546::He wasn't that efficient of a scorer before his injury.
jint476::douglas can be an effective player coming off the bench. dantoni just needs to figure out what to do with him.
Ramon3546::Douglas is very overrated on offense. He takes too many bad shots, shoots a low percentage, and doesn't make many assists for a small guard. I am not impressed.
sad628jihvesifbhvidznfv::People need to stop hating on Lin's emergence against crappy teams...  They need to focus on the arrival of a POINT GUARD for the Knicks.  Prior to Lin, the Knicks didn't really have a POINT GUARD of Lin's caliber.  Lin's passing ability &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Shumpert + Douglas + Bibby combined
RyanCarranza::Very true
Giggity.iggity::I see a lot of people saying the Jazz are a playoff team..  Not to hurt your Knicks fans' feelings, but the Jazz are 5-8 against teams with winning records.. which isn't saying a lot in the day-to-day Western Conference where no team is really stepping on opponents.
Ramon3546::That stat would make sense if the Knicks were a winning team. But all it proves is that they should have creamed NY and didn't.
j_lamb22::Hater alert!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RyanCarranza::Truth alert!!
sad628jihvesifbhvidznfv::If Lin can keep up this stellar play, the Knicks will have Baron Davis off the bench...  If Baron is healthy, a 100% Baron Davis off the bench= BIG TROUBLE for NBA
j_lamb22::what are you smoking????? the first round pick was not going to be either of those players. did you see the cavs record last year
UK_Basketball_for_life::They ended up with the first and third pick b/c the Clippers gave them Minnesota's first pick, not their own.
j_lamb22::They had to do what they had to do to get him out of there. Yes they were that valuable because baron hasn't played a game yet this year!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
UK_Basketball_for_life::Well, he was amnestied. They were willing to take that loss for the Minnesota pick.
j_lamb22::and they would've had to pay his contract. come on dude.
UK_Basketball_for_life::He would have been amnestied regardless.
j_lamb22::In what league will eric bledsoe ever be a 2??? get real. Plus they knew baron was having back problems before they traded him so of course they had to move him. Oh and how has that trade worked out for the clipper? like I said learn the game.
UK_Basketball_for_life::That first round pick ended up with either Kyrie or Tristan Thompson. You get Kyrie, you don't need Paul.
UK_Basketball_for_life::He was a 2 in college. Thanks. So Mo and Moon are so valuable, that they require giving BD and a first round pick?
j_lamb22::because they got a younger effective player for him, plus they had a rookie who was playing pretty damn good in eric bledsoe. Learn the game bro.
UK_Basketball_for_life::He is becoming a PG. He is a natural 2.
atns82004::nope...bledsoe s a PG
UK_Basketball_for_life::And Bledsoe is a 2.
UK_Basketball_for_life::They gave up BD and a draft pick for Mo and Jamario Moon. Strictly a dump of a player. I know my game, thanks.
sad628jihvesifbhvidznfv::LOL. People hating on BD. Just like people slept on J-Lin, people are in for a RUDE AWAKENING when BD is back.
UK_Basketball_for_life::BD's troubles are widely known. Why do you think he was traded from the Clippers?
UK_Basketball_for_life::No it's not. You think BD is going to work hard coming off a bench. It's his character.
nycpratl::Agreed lakers are probably a better fit, he's from there
stone419::when has BD been a bad teammate tho, i would like to know
UK_Basketball_for_life::He wouldn't cause any issues because he would have exactly what he wants. The only better scenario for him is to be a Laker.
nycpratl::I'd love to see the disruption BD would create on that miami team.  LBJ and wade wouldn't tolerate it very long; they'd drop him fast
stone419::why? do they usually post the phone numbers? i guess i missed it
nycpratl::funny guy, sadly you're not very well read or informed on the league.
stone419::ok i will. since you are so close with them can i have their phone numbers?
nycpratl::maybe you're kidding but if you're actually serious ask byron scott how he was at NOLA.  or charlotte before that.  surely vinny del negro can share some choice tales about his experience with him in LA
UK_Basketball_for_life::BD thought he had the starting position locked up. Wait and see what happens if he is told he will be a bench player.
UK_Basketball_for_life::I don't know if you want to unload him. He can't be traded; If you waive him, he is going to the Heat and will start.
stone419::thats not true, BD has been a very good teammate
nycpratl::BD has been trouble everywhere he's been.  knicks should unload him fast now that Lin is a viable option
sgrudel788::contender if  Carmelo finds game bd can offer something amare plays like last year and they sign jr
nycpratl::this team is not a contender for anything.  they might make the playoffs, then a likely quick exit.  lin shows promise but he alone can't fix the coaching, personnel, execution problems this team has
