mordy71::forget about the knicks they suck and there overated what about the raptors are they underated or they got lucky against a couple of teams bec caldron and baraini looked sharp?
_misterfurious::31 shots is alot from Melo and making only 13 is pretty bad - but with no Amare, who else on that roster was supposed to put the ball in the basket? That's the whole thing with the Knicks - if Melo and Amare don't combine for 50 points every game, they will struggle. Plus of course, their defense is improved but still not good.
mpurcell87::knicks are not a good team and new york is the arm pit of america
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::CUT BIBBY AND LIN. BRING IN ARENAS AND ANOTHER PG. ARENAS IS ONLY 29, I KNOW HE HAS HAD PROBLEMS IN THE PAST, BUT CANT BE NO WORSE THAN WHAT THE KNICKS HAVE NOW. CUT BIBBY FOR ARENAS!! M. BANKS AND E. BOYKINS ARE STILL AVAILABE, PROB SHOULD SIGN ONE OF THEM, AS WELL AS ARENAS
nysportsrules::5 games in and the Knicks look average at best. They have no flow on offense, need a point guard, and have to stop taking 20+ 3pters every game. On the D' end they are looking like a team learning to play defense, yes with Chandler they are better, but still have a long way to go. Now with that said I know ity's only 5 games with no off season workouts and a very short preseason, injured players Amare, Davis, Shumpert and Jeffries. So I will give the Knicks some time to gel and get healthy, but so far they look no different then last year. I am a huge Knick fan and hope they do get it together, that the D' improves, and Davis really commits to getting healthy, in shape and provides us with the PG leadership we need. If that happens the Knicks can do some damage, If not they are a .500 team with some stars. I hope they get it together, If not get a PG and new coach for next year. Tired of people bashing my Knicks, but so far my Knicks are not giving those haters a reason to stop. Lets make it happen and show the NBA we are a team to be delt with. Go Knicks!
newyorksports122111::Dolan running both the Rangers and the Knicks is too much. I'm not a fan of a person being focused on being an owner of multiple bunch of teams.  Reinsdorf is an excellent example in Chicago. He worked well with the Bulls but didn't seem focus as well with the White Sox success. Dolan should either cut ownership of the Rangers or the Knicks completely focusing on only one team.
newyorksports122111::I'm really sick and tired of almost all of the sport teams in New York crappy every year after the 1990s. With all the teams in the NYC area about at least 10 of them and the money they have this area has there should be a lot more successful Championship teams since 2000. I do not know if it is bad owners-management of all the sport teams in the NYC area or good players just go stupid or dopey in the high money bad party messing up life  when they arrive in NYC area from teams in other areas in every sport. NYC high life and party crap seems to mess up even the best talented players in any sport that come here. It seemed like back in the 1960s and 1970s players were much more strict discipline by both team management and coaching in NYC sport teams with a much stricter time curfew.
newyorksports122111::Sadly that's true.
Eatin Turnips::Unfortunately, that's the draw to a lot of these athletes.  In all honesty, dontcha think that's a HUGE reason Melo (and Lala) wanted to be a Knick???
Pusherman3::13-31, L.  Melo trying ot mimic Kobe.
itsaboutteam::31 shots from Anthony??  That is not the recipe for a winning team.    I still prefer the Knicks team of last year (before the big trade).  I don't think they should have given up on building on the nucleus of Felton, Gallinari, Chandler, and Stoudemire.
mpurcell87::knicks r a piece of $@%!
newyorksports122111::True.
Eatin Turnips::IMO it seems like the Knicks have been going for the latest and greatest shiny object, THEN trying to make the pieces fit together.  Should've let the youngsters grow and develop around Amare, but no...  And then they complain about how chemistry takes time.  Well ya - when you have all these egos involved.  Doesn't seem to take any other team this long - shoot - the MINUTE Melo left Denver that team had it figured out with FIVE new players... (is that right?  Gallo, Felton, Mosgov, Chandler and the MN guy...)  And Knicks couldn't figure out how to get and Chauncey to fit in here?
newyorksports122111::James Dolan has never been a patient man when it comes to building the right team chemistry talent. But he will hang onto to the garbage people with the teams. That is the biggest problem I have had with him since he took over both the Rangers and Knicks as owner.
Eatin Turnips::Problem is, instead of being patient and trying to develop some young players with potential, they sold the farm to get Melo.  Then got rid of the best PG left in Billups for Chandler.  Now there's no bench, no picks and no money.  I always get slammed when I bring this up, but look at how Denver has adjusted.  Gallo and Mosgov starting, and now Felton starting for Portland.  And those teams are winning more and beating better teams than the Knicks are.  Nuggets are YOUNG - I really think they will be better off in the long run than the Knicks.  And Felton is leading the charge in Portland - people that think he'll come back and be overshadowed by Melo are wishful thinkers.
newyorksports122111::It feels like New York has been without an NBA team since the turn of the last Century to this Century. Sure the last real complete excellent Knicks team was from 1969 to 1974 but Starks and Ewing departures from the Knicks was the last of any half decent NBA team New York had left. New York has had nothing of any NBA team worth bragging about since after the 1990s.
Eatin Turnips::Knicks are a worse team without those guys and with Melo.  Denver is a better team w/out Melo.
mark35345::And there are some Knick fans who think all will be fine once Baron Davis gets healthy. Forget the fact he's slow - and washed up - he'll just get hurt again. this is all jim Dolan's fault: we all know he could have signed carmelo for nothing at the end of the season. But the more one sees Carmelo the more one realizes he's a big part of the problem. Just ask George Karl.
Eatin Turnips::Amare was the answer.  Then Melo was the answer.  Then Chandler was the answer.  Now Baron is the answer.  Get real Knicks fans - this "team" sucks.
Baron Harkonnen::13 for 31, Melo?  I know it's a short season but you don't have to start your playoffs brickfest quite *this* early.
OFrog::Mike Bibby. Now even the folding chair can beat him.
shortmac2380::the best moment of dantoni was when the bulls won the 1st pick. when he could of coached chicago and we got rose
flybye23::Melo 31 shots ??????   wow losing to the Raptors ???   lmao 5th place pre-season power ranking ???  a joke as most of us knew already
agoods03::Looks like I made the right choice by turning this game off before the half.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Im sick and tired of Antoni. I hate his face.
shortmac2380::lmao knicks suck
tblal28::yes they do
iTzDiRkFoR3::Knicks = most over-rated team in the NBA.
Malcom Floyd the Barber of Marion::Isn't it weird that in 2012, in New York City, the most prominent sports fan is, arguably, Spike Lee? At this point he's more famous for being "that fan" than for any of his crappy movies. It just seems really weird to me.
mpurcell87::hes a bum and new york is scum
Jorge19860::Crappy movies?  Its one thing to not like the guy but 25th Hour, Malcolm X, Do The RIght Thing, Inside Man,  He's Got Game, etc..  are far from crappy.
Merriweather Brown::What happened to all the optimism for the Knicks?  Now it's blame the coach.  Face the facts = the players are overrated &amp; overpaid.  Just because you pay Chandler big $$$, don't expect him to play like Chamberlain.  Chandler = Journeyman Center... Melo =  Ball Hog... Stoudemire = No Defense.
Vanilla_Ice_1::Carmelo should've stayed in Denver.   The Knicks suck.
godfatherg9193::76ers are definitely winning this division
Panterastang::lol
BruinsRule_NHL1::Donald Trump thinks Knicks and Rangers owner James Dolan should be Fired.
Frank38443::The Knicks should fire D'Antoni. Now that they have Tyson Chandler they should start looking for a more defensive minded coach.
mpurcell87::tyson is a $@%!$
BruinsRule_NHL1::Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes. Give me a good whippen baby. Marv's been a bad boy and he wants to bite your panties lady. Hahahaha. Dont knock my hair piece wig off baby or I will bite you again.
BruinsRule_NHL1::Horny old Marv the perv,hahaha
BruinsRule_NHL1::Fire owner James Dolan for firing decades long broadcaster Marv Albert in 2004.
TheDags0513::Marv fired himself a long time ago after the bite marks.
Frank38443::Yeah, but look what Tyson did for Dallas with the right coach. Dallas wasn't exactly known for it's defense until Tyson got there.
Texasgirl6200::Tyson will not repeat his great season with the Mavs.  Sorry Knicks.
mbatkiew::Tyson gets way too much credit. Dallas had team defense thanks to Carlisle, 3pt shooters, and great bench depth.
Frank38443::That's true. You also have to remember that Dallas already had a guy like Marion who fit very well into that defensive scheme. Not sure if the Knicks have a guy like that to help Tyson out with the D.
TheDags0513::I just think this team was set up under a high tempo offensive scheme (initially). Then the GM said, wait, the analysts think we need defense and picked up Chandler like he was the answer.  Sorry for the run on sentence.
TheDags0513::I think you forget that the two biggest stars lack in the defense department.
klesk80::The knicks are seriously in trouble...its the reality lets face it you guys..... They are not going to the playoffs..... Its done..... its over ~
mbatkiew::And 29 is old, especially when you consider his age and his contract. Honestly, if you signed Samuel Dalembert and gave him these minutes the result would probably be about the same. Dalembert can block a couple of shots, plus rebound and get you 10 ppg.
mbatkiew::Yeah, they are. In fact, that's an argument that is often made: Wade is going to get old and then the Heat will be completely beatable in two or three seasons. And Nene, well, that was already a concern for that contract, wasn't it? Either way, by the end of all of these contracts, all of these teams (besides the Heat if the James and Wade combo produces multiple rings) will be wishing they never gave such horrible contracts. If you need a point of reference, Rip Hamilton was making 12 mil last year at 32. Not saying that Rip can't be useful, just not at 12 mil.
genjeskhan::so wade and nene are old?
mbatkiew::He is the absolute last resort signing the Knicks could have made, that much is certain. He may be the best center they've had since Ewing, but that really doesn't mean much when they're playing like this, does it?
genjeskhan::dude, it's 5 games into the season, shumpert is injured, amare is injured, davis is injured and the bench is playing like crap. come back in 10 games and then we can talk.
mbatkiew::That whole "just by stating your opinion, does not make it true" argument goes both ways doesn't it? And just because you have some stats, doesn't make it true either.
genjeskhan::you will be eating your words when chandler starts paying off, which he already is.
genjeskhan::i never said chandler is the savior of the knicks, don't try and twist my words around. but he is definitely the best center the knicks have had since patrick ewing, and last time i checked, 29 is not old. if he's old, then so is dwane wade, amare, nene, and a bunch of other stars i would love as a knick.
genjeskhan::what proof do you have to say that noah is a better defensive center than chandler? please, marc gasol is just a wider version of pau gasol, he was exposed in the playoffs. you also need strong evidence to make a claim that chandler is "overrated", 5 games into the season. just by stating your opinion, does not make it true.
mbatkiew::About the same proof that you have of Chandler being the savior of the Knicks despite averaging a weak double-double on 43 minutes played and ten rebounds despite not having Amar'e or anyone to really compete with for rebounds and playing against a team that doesn't have a real center. Not only is Chandler not a top-10 center in the league but he's also overpaid and old.
genjeskhan::what are you talking about? have you watched the first 5 knicks games? chandler had SIX blocks in his first game, he was a monster against the kings, and he had a double double tonight. he is the defensive general on the court, and that makes a HUGE difference. the knicks only gave up 90 points tonight, even with the raptors shooting the lights out in the first half. besides dwight howard and andrew bynum, name another center that has a presence like tyson on the floor. chandler not even a top 10 center, absolute ridiculous statement.
mbatkiew::Noah is a better defensive center than Chandler. Marc Gasol does more for his team. And Chandler had a double-double but look how many minutes he played. AND he was going up against Bargnani who isn't even a real center -- he's a PF. Chandler is overrated and, thanks to the Knicks, overpaid.
genjeskhan::the knicks traded for one of the elite scorers in the league, yes i agree they gave up too much, but it doesn't mean it's the end of the world. tyson chandler is one of the best big men in the league, even rick carlisle said there is no way the mavs would have won a title without him. look how poorly the mavs have been playing without a dominant presence in the paint. i believe eventually this team will gel, and be a force in the playoffs.
mbatkiew::He gets way too much credit for that ring. The truth is that the Mavs had great depth, team defense, and 3pt shooters. The Knicks have none of that. The Chandler deal was a mistake. Honestly, Chandler isn't even a top-10 center in a league that doesn't have too many good centers anyway. He's a good defensive center. But he's not going to change the entire defensive makeup of the Knicks by himself.
BruinsRule_NHL1::The Curse Of James Dolan Ownership
genjeskhan::wow, quite a bold prediction only 5 games in
Frank38443::WoW. Didn't realize they had a team option on Billups. That's just awful management right there. Can't waste your amnesty like that.
mbatkiew::They just lost to the Raptors at home, it doesn't matter if Amar'e was injured. They gave up all of their pieces for the rights to pay Melo, Donnie Walsh getting fired was a scandal in my opinion, and the Tyson signing was crap too. Plus the Knicks picked up Billups TEAM option just to amnesty him. The Knicks are not looking good, you can't deny that. This isn't how a winning team goes about business.
BruinsRule_NHL1::The Mets got the stupid Wilpons. The Knicks and the Rangers have stupid Dolan.
Panterastang::Stupid flanders
genjeskhan::haha, the cubs are a joke, even more so than the mets.
Panterastang::they're both jokes..whats the point?
BruinsRule_NHL1::The Islanders have that stupid idiot.
genjeskhan::and theo ran out on the sox
BruinsRule_NHL1::The Cubs might win a World Series before the Mets or Indians ever do again.
TheDags0513::The Bengals have Mike Brown. I win. How this fool got exec of the year, I will never know.
genjeskhan::you boston trolls must be really, really bored.
TheDags0513::We played the Wizards tonight. There wasn't any doubt about the W.
BruinsRule_NHL1::I really think the Knicks and Mets are cursed.
The Big Stroonzo::and the Jets...and the NY Rangers...
BruinsRule_NHL1::You know when NY City fans of their area NBA team are so fed up with their team's management they start following an NBA team from another City you know that organization is run very bad for years.
oreed-tittletown-boston::tyson should have stay in dallas knicks are curse
Frank38443::Can't blame the man for wanting to get paid.
BruinsRule_NHL1::I said Dolan is a stupid idiot years ago. The other Dolan with the Indians is another stupid idiot after Jacobs was gone.
TheDags0513::Dallas could not afford Chandler.
mbatkiew::He wasn't a bad pickup for the Knicks, considering. BUT, I can't believe Dolan was that stupid that he signed him to four years. I would have given him 10-12 million for one year only.
mbatkiew::Holy sh-t! I just noticed, Tyson Chandler played 43 minutes today? Is D'Antoni trying to injure him?
The Big Stroonzo::OHHHH, poor Tyson...didn't you hear, for only $58 MILL, he's our big star pickup!
oreed-tittletown-boston::i know for sure my celtics could beat this sorry a'ss Knicks team, smh
BruinsRule_NHL1::So Spike Lee is getting so fed up with the Knicks management he is going to follow the Heat now? Is that true?
Panterastang::spike lee sucks
BruinsRule_NHL1::Oh he's that guy who started showing up at Yankees games when they finally won their first World Series Title in 18 years in 1996. I never saw him before 1996 at Yankees home games.
ambelgra::he's been a closet bandwagoner all his life, he's a joke of a knicks fan
triviakingpin2011::knicks stink
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::good job
_SkipBayless_::Bargania seems to have the same stat line every night 21 points 5 rebounds
Frank38443::Friggin hilarious how Knicks fans go around talking trash about other teams. Even teams that have recently mopped the floor with them. Don't throw rocks when you live in a glass house. Knicks are awful.
BruinsRule_NHL1::I think reality is starting to hit most of them.
TheDags0513::I find the Knicks' fans on this board to be mostly realistic.
Frank38443::They are constantly trolling up other teams' boards acting like they have a good team or something. It's actually really funny.
jonathonp21::the knicks dont even have any way to get better...they have no draft pick in 2012 and 2014 and theyre tied up salary cap wise with their "big 3 " for the next 4 years ....they cant trade amare or chandler bec of theyre overpaid contracts and its only a matter of time ( maybe it already has happened) before teams realize that carmelo isnt a leader/ winner ...  basically the knicks are stuck where they are for the next 4 years with no hope of getting any better ....jesus christ
BruinsRule_NHL1::Who has better hope? The Mets or the Knicks?
eliasmelo::Why is everybody acting like New York is gonna miss the playoffs because of this loss? Its only the 5th game and I bet the Knicks will still be a top 3 seed in the east. Mike Bibby is a bum, TD cant play pg, so wait until we get baron davis back, and melo and stat get their chemistry together.
eliasmelo::that's what everybody said about the heat early in the year last season. We'll never know until the season is over
TheDags0513::The Knicks will make the playoffs: it's the East. They are not contenders though for a championship.
The Big Stroonzo::Blaming D'antoni when this sorry franchise has sucked for over a decade and has added only 2 players that could be considered decent players in that time span? Their big pick up this year, a washed up, injured Byron Davis? Shut the hell up.
BruinsRule_NHL1::True James Dolan is an idiot.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::chandler was their big pick up this year. do you even watch basketball?
The Big Stroonzo::Look at these stellar stats: PPG	RPG	BLKPG	PER 11.0	6.0	2.8	23.44  Career 8.3	8.8	1.4  HA HA HA HA HA HA HA...YEAH GREAT PICKUP!- $58 MILLION!!
jonathonp21::im pointing out how stupid it was
jonathonp21::learn how to spell  buddy its baron davis and theyre big pickup this year was 58 million dollar man chandler.....dantoni is an awful coach on both ends of the floor and deserves any criticism he gets
The Big Stroonzo::yeah, he's so popular I can't even get his name right, then again, how many can. $58 million for a Chandler, and your proud of THAT great pickup. LMFAO!!!!!!!!
mbatkiew::I don't think I would point out that they paid Chandler $58 mil.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::who the hell is byron davis?
chicityfan91::Knicks are better than the Bulls right Knick fans?
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::of course
NickInP-Town::denver nuggets&gt;new york knicks
BruinsRule_NHL1::Bad trade. Dolan should have attracted the 3 players going to the Heat a lot better long before 2010. Fires Marv Albert. Gets rid of Van Gundy. The guy is an idiot. He wasted a bunch of years with stupid ownership. Much like Fred Wilpon and the other moron GM fired..
jonathonp21::a bag of sh*t &gt; new york knicks
mbatkiew::Simply put, Melo should have landed on the Bulls where his defense deficiency would have been covered up by Thib's team defense and players such as Brewer, Gibson, Noah, and Asik would have helped cover up his cr@p defense. BUT only if he took less money and came in the offseason or if the Nuggets took a much worse package than what they got from the Knicks.   And CP3 or Deron Williams should have landed on the Knicks. Plus, if the Knicks could have kept Gallo, instead of Fields (although I like Fields), CP3 or D-Will + Gallo + Amar'e would have been beast.
BruinsRule_NHL1::How quickly the Knicks dismantled their team after 1994 and 1995 with Riley coach departure. Then Starks departure before the lock out shortened season 1998-99.
BruinsRule_NHL1::The Patrick Ewing Curse. The day the Knicks traded away Ewing to Seattle in 2000 the Knicks Curse of Patrick Ewing began. Like Jerry Jones firing of Jimmy Johnson as coach of the Cowboys. Downhill after that for the Cowboys. Barry Switzer only had Johnson's groomed players he inherited.
BruinsRule_NHL1::Spike Lee looks like  he wanted to strangle Scottie Pippen from the sideline after that hit on Patrick Ewing.
mbatkiew::That's a common misconception but the Ewing Curse actually began much sooner than that.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srl2Bwh6A3I
kush manbear::really new york rasual butler
ambelgra::dude, last year they let Chris Wilcox, DeAndre Jordan, Carlos Delfino and Tyler Hansbro sh!te on them
jonathonp21::i want to know exactly what dantoni does as a head coach ???  his defense is run by woodson since he has no clue about anything that has to do with " d",   his offense is pass the ball to melo or amare and if they somehow miraculously pass the ball back to you just shoot it from 3 .....thats his whole offense !!!  knicks took 35 three pointers tonight and melo took 31 shots ...how does he expect the knicks to win  like this ?? when will somebody fire this pathetic coach ???
BruinsRule_NHL1::What happened with the Lebron James wanting to come to the Knicks in 2010 back in 2007?
TheDags0513::I also think Melo's actions were as bad as LBJ's.
TheDags0513::The NFL made more money this year off Tebow than any legitimate player. You can't help what a fan wants and right now they want an underdog, even over a QB. I would only consider Brees, Rodgers, and the Manning Bros. marketable, unless you watch a Subway commercial.
TheDags0513::1. I think Dan Gilbert might be a bigger dick than anyone realizes. 2. The Decision was stupid and very bad to the fans of Cleveland. I blame his management for such a poor choice. 3. I still like LBJ and can't deny that he's one of the best.
ambelgra::but now with the internet and enterprising, it's not even about championships, it's about branding. winning a title is just some stepping stone to selling shoes in China or Turkey or Paris.....smh.....almost makes me not wanna watch....  NFL is getting like this a bit: they dont even market non-QBs anymore.....so sick of it. "it's all about the QB". Why?
ambelgra::I dont kno why it rankles me so much.....maybe I'm too much of a hometown type fan. But if I was as gifted as him, from Ohio and ended up on the Cavs, I couldn't see myself going somewhere to else to win FOR ME. I really get upset when I hear from athletes or media members, "players dont care about you, fans are selfish". even if that's the case, dont wave that around, it's insulting. it makes me feel like i'm stupid for liking this team. We pay ur salary, so you should $@%! care....  it just seems wrong somehow.....how could u not care about that town/state getting a title? smh....
TheDags0513::I knew he was leaving Cleveland after he removed his jersey in the final game of the playoffs. The Heat was a big surprise though.
ambelgra::I for one, never guaranteed that anyone would come to NY. I thought we were gonna settle on Carlos Boozer. But when we got Amare, I did think "man, LBJ could run point-forward with Amare, that sounds nice". it didn't happen but almost all of us were wrong on our prediction. I was sure there was no way he wanted to "get help" from 2 all-stars, but I was wrong. LBJ wanted a sure thing and i think he's pretty much got it.
ambelgra::I dunno, ask the Knick trolls who made up LBJ knick jerseys and dont come on here anymore
TheDags0513::2 Mojitos.
jonathonp21::lol i agree that after coughlin got the giants in the playoffs this year, that right now dantoni needs to go much more then coughlin does although im not a big fan of coughlin and his 2nd half collapses
TheDags0513::don't forget a Captain who walks off the field while the play is being called.
ambelgra::average receivers, young 3rd yr QB that nobody has confidence in, average O-line, one great corner and slow safeties == Super Bowl
ambelgra::lmaaaaoooo.....Rex.....those jets kill me lollll
TheDags0513::Coughlin had his team ready for the final two games of the season. More than Rex Ryan can say.
jonathonp21::i agree about the owners im just saying the coaching is a problem there too...his ring shoulnt save him anymore ....he needs to win some playoff games
TheDags0513::I am a Bengal fan...I agree with the NYG
ambelgra::before Eli got drafted, they were god-awful smh.....
TheDags0513::I shouldn't say this as a member of the AFC North, but the Giants regularly compete in one of the toughest divisions in the NFL. Coughlin has had some bad moments, but overall, he has been great.
ambelgra::dont let me dredge up my "fire coughlin" posts lolllll......no coaching situation is perfect, they will all anger you somehow.....but with these Knicks, its like "how can this continue night after night?"
jonathonp21::the giants are stuck with a coach who hasnt won a playoff game in 7 years so giaants have their own problems with coughlin
ambelgra::most coaches, that's all they get. not all coaches are walking about with multiple rings. if ur REALLY lucky, u get two. Look at Bill Cowher's tenure at Pittsburgh. He won alot early in his tenure, then started losing, finally gets Big Ben and gets one ring and boom, he's gone......if ur a .600 head coach and u get a ring, all the hard work and pressure paid off
TheDags0513::A ring is his saving grace.
ambelgra::chill B....they have issues but the commitment to competitiveness is there, no question. they may get decisions WRONG, but u kno wut they're looking for and that they have winning at heart
TheDags0513::The Knicks are confused. They want high powered offense and get Melo, who can't provide defense. Then they get Chandler, a defensive minded player with no offense. It's very confusing.
TheDags0513::Have to agree when the LAC management shows up one of the biggest markets in the NBA.
ambelgra::might as well stop watching.....why us? why did we get Dolan? in the biggest media market in the world, we have shite basketball....smh......only chance right now is for next yr, our next coach is like a hypnotist and gets the team to play like warriors....
ambelgra::i just want an owner like the Yankees or Giants who thinx its important to be really good at basketball......and lets basketball people make basketball decisions. especially decisions that are in parallel with winning philosophies......
jonathonp21::100% its all on the coach....it up to the coach to make the best out of what he has ...i guarantee you bring in a better coach which is basically anybody and youll see an improved team right away both on defense and on offense....not saying he has a great team here but they should be playing a lot better then they are and thats his fault for his stupid coaching and game planning or whatever hes doing
jonathonp21::@ thdags 5013.....it wasnt walsh decision to get carmelo in the trade....dolan overruled him so its all his fault
ambelgra::oh no, the players are responsible as well. Melo is a veteran, he's talented enuff to expand his game. but it's tough when ur playing with Toney "Up-Chuck 3" Douglas, no Amare, and no guidance on the bench. Even the Lakers have to be coached up on the sideline during big games.....
TheDags0513::Can't argue with you, but you can't put it all on the coach. He knows he is gone because they have gone out of their way to pick up players who don't align with his offensive scheme.
jonathonp21::@ ambelgra....your missing his biggest issue as a head coach is that hes supposed to be some type of offensive genius yet his whole offensive philosophy is to pass to either melo or amare and let them go 1 on 1 or chuck up a 3 ...thast his while offense and hes by far the worst defensive coach in the league
ambelgra::I'm aware of Dantoni's shortcomings. Why do you think I call for his head every night, even when they win? I'm in like 4 facebook groups asking to fire that joke
mbatkiew::Honestly, I was impressed that they signed Mike Woodson as an assistant. Just let the dude run the team. You gotta figure that with Melo and Stoudemire on your team, you gotta worry about your defense more than your offense. See what the Suns are asking for Nash.
TheDags0513::Sorry, but no Knick fan was complaining this time last year when Dantoni was winning with his no defense format.
TheDags0513::I would tell you to watch the C's but it would be rude, and they tried to trade Rondo. Same issues.
ambelgra::Walsh was overridden on the Melo deal. Word was Dolan wanted to take credit for bringing Melo. It wasn't just his lack of patience, it was wanting to have his name attached to the Melo deal. Pure nonsense. I'm VERY close to not watching basketball anymore, because I cannot believe this city has to be subjected to his incompetence or lack of desire for a championship. It's embarrassing.
TheDags0513::The big pick up this year was someone who goes against everything D'antoni preaches.
ambelgra::before the trade, the defense was bad. the ball movement and floor spacing was better (because everyone knew their role) but the system was still flawed. I wanted Melo but I didn't want to lose Gallo, a 6 foot 9 shooter. Instead, we kept Fields, a shooting guard with no indentifiable offensive skill.....and the defense still stinks
TheDags0513::I have to put some of this on the GM. Too much talent was given up to get Carmelo.
ambelgra::the big stretch of wins the Knicks had was against average to below average talent. they never beat Boston and they were simply outscoring and hitting 7 to 10 threes a game. all year I complained about that.
TheDags0513::Really, before the trade?
ambelgra::that's not true, not at all
jonathonp21::were stuck with this guy till the end of the year unfortunately unless he quits . as far as a replacement, who cares ? anybody would be better then this guy but you have woodson sitting on their bench who is a decent coach so he would be my 1st choice temporarily
jonathonp21::theyre probably thinking lets see what dantoni can do with a roster at full strength with good talent so theyre gonna wait till davis comes back and see what happens unfortunately thast what i see happening
ambelgra::I got so mad when I heard that excuse last yr: He hasn't had a chance with a set roster, give him a chance. As if that would help the team be top 15 in defensive efficiency and raise their field goal percentage inside the 3pt line
TheDags0513::Who is your replacement?
TheDags0513::They knew that going in. This is not a surprise.
ambelgra::doesn't matter, just not some guy who has no defensive acumen, no commitment to efficiency and no ability to motivate his players
ambelgra::the numbers are indisputable. when you succeed CLOSE to the basket, u maximize your chances to win......
mbatkiew::Do you guys have the money for another coach? Isn't D'Antoni signed on for two more years?   But yeah, I'll agree, just let Woodson run the team.
mbatkiew::Yeah but there's a salary cap you can't cross to sign your staff, isn't there? I could have sworn there was. Maybe I've just played too much NBA 2k12.
ambelgra::have the money? Dolan is an idiot but he has no issue writing checks
jonathonp21::no, this is his lat year of his contract thank god
ambelgra::no, his contract expires after this season....but wut was the point of letting him finish it?
kush manbear::this offense needs a point guard to be ran properly nash would destroy with amare and melo
ambelgra::i just can't take it anymore.......pure insanity, doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result....
jonathonp21::the only way dantoni gets fired is if the knick fan start chanting to fire dantoni until then were stuck with this loser
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::this will be his last year
ambelgra::would it kill Dolan to fire him midseason? even in a shortened year? this is pointless....why waste another year on this guy
ambelgra::if he comes back next season, i'm not watching a single game. not one. i won't
BruinsRule_NHL1::I'm a Celtics fan but I think Dolan will hang onto him like Jerry Jones will hang onto Garrett as Cowboys coach forever and Wade Phillips as coach forever before that.
winfield47::By the way, the Raptors blew a 16 point lead in a late game in Orlando last night. Tonights game was a back-to-back game for the raps.
jonathonp21::no its not an excuse....theres no ball movement, too much selfishness, and chucking up 3's at will . how could they win like that ?
mbatkiew::AND they played at MSG. Amar'e out may be an excuse, but is it a good excuse?
ambelgra::smh.....35 three pointers, 10 bench points, 11 three pointers taken by Douglas? where is the coach to rein these guys in?
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::they have a coach?
TheDags0513::Wapner...Wapner.
TheDags0513::He just sits on the bench and smiles like all is right in the world.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::shump may be coming back wednsday
mbatkiew::You guys can thank Donnie Walsh for that just like the Fields draft choice. Seriously, why didn't Dolan extend Walshie?
mbatkiew::Oh wait, it's because Walsh wanted to take his chances signing Melo in the offseason rather pay a King's ransom for the privilege of paying Melo's contract.
jonathonp21::rather him take shots then melo
TheDags0513::Now that's potential. Nice rookie.
TheDags0513::That's a piece that may get Sac to return a call.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::yea
BruinsRule_NHL1::Funny that both Ryan brothers get eliminated from playoff contention on New Year's Day. One with the Jets and the other with the Cowgirls,hahahaha
BruinsRule_NHL1::What will the Knicks have in common with the Jets after this season?  Both are in the NY City metro area and the Knicks might end up worst this season than last season which the Jets did by Big Fat Mouth Rex Ryan's Super Bowl victory prediction last Summer. Where are the Jets now? Missed the Playoffs.
BruinsRule_NHL1::The Rex Ryan Feet in his big mouth disease.
TheDags0513::OOH! One more thing! WHO DEY!
TheDags0513::I hope New Yorkers are telling Rex to move to Newark.
