Master Shake::I am extremely happy that Jason Kidd is coaching the Nets not one of the millions of incompetent posters here. Seriously, don't any of you realize that Kidd HAS to rest Garnett or he'll pass out midway through the season? The same with Pierce. The same with Terry. Without D Will and Lopez, Coach has to deal with what he has. Playing Garnett after a double overtime win when he played outside of his position against last year's champs is a foolish decision and I'm thankful Coach did that for the longevity of the team. You deal with the cards you're dealt and he's making it work. How long did it take you guys to master your jobs when you first started?  SMH, haters to the core, the lot of you!
Iron::You played all your heart out against the Defending champions as if you won the ECF and then plays terrible on next game. Pretenders it takes seven games to win the playoffs.
RAY B::Has there been any talk of the Raptors re-signing Lowry?  Trying to replace a good point guard (yes he is a good one) is a very, very, very difficult thing to do.
shane::D. Williams and Brooks Lopez need to get better so it can be stronger and biggest in nets history and Shaun Livingston, Jason Terry, Alan Anderson, Paul Pierce, Joe Johnson and the rest of the nets player are doing good that what I like
RAY B::ike how all the Nets fans put this lose on "bad coaching"...hmm..Just maybe the Raptors outplayed them! Patrick Patterson ....+40 in 27 mins,,,Salmons +32 in 23 mins...Chuck Hayes +22 in 14 mins...Thank you Rudy #$%$!
PKM::It's going to be a tough turnaround for the Nets but if you were giving me 8.5 points I'll take that.
RAY B::who would have thought that Patterson and Salmons would play such a big role since the trade. 12-5 since the trade..How deeply buried is Landry Fields. When they got him many said he would be a solid player--what happened there.
Paul::Exactly why worst officials in sports. If anything thats a foul on Pierce
Linda::Well, Well, let the "TRUTH" be told only 15 points. Hahaha.
Anton::It seems DeRozan has read my criticisms of him being only a dunker. No need to thank me DeMar. Glad you have elevated your all-around game. DeRozan is the next Kobe.
