johndbap316::Is Houston tanking? I think they realized if they make the playoff at 7th or 8th spot they'll still be eliminated in the 1st round either by OKC or SAS.
TubbyTime334::Eric Gordon Is A Force
ejhova217::NO 7 wins out of their last 10. They are gonna be pretty good next year with their top pick
zrjp9::2 top 10 picks
HangTime7_7::Hahahah Houston.. what a choke job
Titaneek1::A sub par team beat the Rockets. Whata shame!
shedy-mac::The rockets were at the 8 spot not that long ago.
TubbyTime334::Actually the 6th.
finkle1874::New Orleans Soul New Orleans Sole New Orleans Seauxl  Mardi Gras Colors, masks, flur de lurs, floats.....
BeastAwesome15::hottest team in the NBA, now the worst team in the NBA
great_chandels::The Rockets just plain suck..................
MarcinGortatSuns::Steve Nash Post Game Live Interview vs LA Clippers LIVE  NASH or Cp3?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qilcuakwU-s
seanquinisol::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3  months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. Posting this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning their bets like I was
screwhead2305::yeah everyone has fallen in love with Dragic but not too long ago everyone in Houston was in "love" with Lowry and he was even considered as an ALL STAR.. i would like to see both of them back and let them have another crack it with maybe some better knock down shooters..
MarcinGortatSuns::Blake Griffin Post Game Live Interview about Robin Lopez Fragrant 2 FOUL  Is the ejection harsh or DID blake deserve it?????? OPINION???  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIpOvw34MpI
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Ever since Lowry came back, Dragic is off his game and the Rockets are freefalling.
screwhead2305::i think it has something to do with the other teams playing their best games basically facing elimination against the Rockets
MarcinGortatSuns::Clippers vs Suns Questionable Foul Call on Marcin Gortat  WHAT DO YOU GUYS THINK???  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFWhp99J7SU
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Only 1 angle but it looks like a clean block.
MarcinGortatSuns::Clippers vs Suns Questionable Foul Call on Marcin Gortat  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFWhp99J7SU
L.A.beanbryant::Eric Air Gordon is the truth!!
atticus887::... he's a RFA...
Nashmaster3000::He's coming to Phoenix next year!!
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::He's going to the Pacers
Sambo8964::If you can't beat the Warriors at home, then just don't even show up in Miami against the Heat. Just save the gas money for other future expenses and not hand those crooked executives more money. That's how p!$$@d of a Rockets fan I am. 6 losses in a row when fighting for playoff spot, including a loss against the same team the Bobcats beat in New Orleans. Pathetic!
Sambo8964::I don't know why in the hell they have lost 6 consecutive games after winning 4 games in a row, all on the road, one against the Bulls in Chicago and one against the Lakers in L.A,, but one thing I know is that THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE. THIS IS PATHETIC. I can't believe this crap as I'm so fed up about them losing to the same team THAT BEAT THE FREAKING BOBCATS. Was close to being IN TOP 4 2 WEEKS AGO in this WIDE OPEN Western Conference and now this pathetic basketball. Either immediately tighten up starting against the Warriors or don't even show up down in South Beach against the Heat with a possible 7 game losing streak. Would just be a waste of gas and travel expenses, only helping out the gas companies and executives.
EasyRun18::After won 4 straight. Dragic won POW last wk,  cocky Rockets......lost 6 straight &amp; counting... Lowry or Dragic next year?
CBass1317::Jobs in Houston though, right?
Spursdc::The Rockets are tanking the season for no apparent reason
Belgerp::Well, if they are tanking on purpose, which I think they're are just playing really bad basketball right now, there is a reason.  If they make the playoffs, they lose their first round pick to NJ.  If they miss, they keep it.
Spursdc::If I say the Rockets are some s h i t, there really shouldn't be an argument.
snow_brdr_88::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bMs04JK0BQ
xXSmOkIn_KuShXx::Im guessing the Rockets dont want to make it to the playoffs
spraycan::The Rockets showed they are a playoff team tonight.
n8n8n888::Way to go Hornets, continuing to play, not tanking.  That's what people pay to see.  Other teams could learn a lot from you.
n8n8n888::Except that the Hornets have actually won 7 of their last 10.  Not at all my idea of tanking.
CBass1317::their starting lineup included Lance Thomas, Jason Smith, Aminu and Vaquez.  That is called tanking.  Just so happens the guys gel a bit and win a few.  Like I said, players don't tank.  These guys are playing for jobs next year.  But trotting that lineup out for the home crowd is called tanking.
CBass1317::Have you looked at the lineups they are trotting out?  I would call it tanking.  Players don't try to play bad, management and coaches just put a bad group on the court.  Every now and again that bad group gets hot and plays hard.  Just so happens they ran into Houston in a tailspin.  These Rockets fans were on here just a week ago saying "nobody wants to see us in the first round."  Now they are dropping all their important games and even losing to the Hornets.  SMH.
ChuckOlajuwon::No doubt the Rockets are tanking for a lottery pick.  Kinda sick of it already.
Bexindy55::Man...sorry Houston.  Better luck next year.
Imsosorry222::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
supraman23::Ten days ago the Rockets were talking about moving up from the 6th seed in the West. I feel for the fans of Houston, reminds me of the Red Sox last year.
Sambo8964::Reminds me of my Braves! Now the Rockets just repeat the collapse.
ChuckOlajuwon::Whoa whoa whoa, the Rockets didnt have the best record in the NBA or anything a month ago and completely choke like the Red Sox did.  The Rockets over achieved a little bit and got to 5-6 games over .500 and then came back down to earth.   Big difference.  Only the Red Sox can mount a choke job like that.
7BAUGHLLIN7::theres something extremly ironic and dismal about houston claiming itself "Clutch City"... Most epic fail of all time... Your clutch went out
spraycan::This is a tradition with teams from Houston.
ChuckOlajuwon::Clutch City was mid 90's.  Now its over achieve city just enough to get the worst lottery pick.  Why dont they do like these other sorry teams and play to their talent and quit over achieving and get a top 3-5 pick in the draft?  Its getting old if you are a Rockets fan.
Belgerp::Thanks Utah fan.  They're awesome!
To many LeBron trolls::6 straight losses way to lay an egg Houston haha.
lMlike::HAHAHA Kings will pass NO in the lottery! YES!!!!!
HunterF4444::Hell yes new Orleans!  -cavs fan
Sambo8964::Hell yes to Lebron taking his talents to South Beach.
Hawk Heaven::Is Gordon a restricted free agent next year? If so will Hornets sign him for a max contract to match some other team's offer?
CaliSurfer17::He is a restricted free agent, but he wont be offered anything close to a max contract.
1218jeremy::I miss YAO and TMC  so much !!!!
Gallo_Clutch_Siiiikkkee::Dwight is out for rest of the season with Surgery on his back
juno71::who cares about that moron?
Gallo_Clutch_Siiiikkkee::Mavs fans
rwilliams75::Sorry Rocket fans, I thought your team was going to be in the playoffs. Major season ending flub.
2noodlekaboodle::Because of tie breakers they need Utah and Phoenix to lose 2 of their last 3 games. If the Jazz and Phoenix win their saturday night games  it's all over for Houston. (Utah and Phoenix play on tuesday so one of the 2 has to win)
screwhead2305::its not as bad as it looks.. the Draft is next week and we can draft a linebacker or another wide receiver.  oh wait this isnt the Texans board??
polocash::What team will they be rooting for in the stands?? No reason to waste time in playoffs if you can't beat N.O.
lalatorre87::THEY ARE GOING TO THE PLAYOFFS!!! YOURE THE FLUB!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
screwhead2305::i didnt think the Rockets were going to lose this game so i go play Halo with my sis and come back to see that we lost to the Hornets.. i hope these hard times for the Rockets will soon pass. why cant we go back to last week when we were on a 4 game winning streak
almalex5::Good win hornets, good to see the Rockets drop another game  - Nuggets fan
Sambo8964::Nice to see the Knicks will do way more than the Nuggets could dream of doing.
Gallo_Clutch_Siiiikkkee::Nuggets are doomed for 1 and done playoffs every year...
kenny45555::we'd beat the spurs in a 7 game series.. the only teams denver can beat in the playofs are the clippers and spurs and im a nuggets fan
Bexindy55::Hahahahahahaha.  Spurs have owned yo $@%! in the playoffs.  Keep dreaming buddy.  Better luck next year.
screwhead2305::i actually want the Nuggets to win vs the Spurs but i cant say the Nuggets will win that series with a straight face
screwhead2305::why you worried about the Rockets.. even if the Nuggets make the playoffs your getting swept by the Thunder or Spurs
rwilliams75::Nuggets match up well with the Spurs, but not the Thunder
1218jeremy::go win or go home
screwhead2305::1st of all... Parsons cant continue to start next season.. he is a nice player but i rather have him come off the bench 2nd of all..MOVE Kevin Martin for Starting PF/C. 3rd trade all those draft picks for an elite rookie. how many years is it now that we havent made the playoffs???
Adrianch01::Kevin Martin to Center? I chuckled there for a bit..
screwhead2305::yeah that letter "a" could have come in hAndy
Adrianch01::Actually read it. You should of said " MOVE kevin Martin for "a" starting PF/C"
screwhead2305::Kevin Martin FOR
jaredborne::Excited to see the Hornets move forward. Benson will create a winning team. Gordon is going to be with New Orleans next year.
GEAUX SEC OR GEAUX HOME::He is as good of a SG as there is in the league. Future star!
screwhead2305::if there was one player on the Rockets that was untouchable who would that be??
screwhead2305::yeah everyone has fallen in love with Dragic but not too long ago everyone in Houston was in "love" with Lowry and he was even considered as an ALL STAR.. i would like to see both of them back and let them have another crack it with maybe some better knock down shooters..
etaUpike07::the only player i feel like is good going forward is dragic. resign him and everyone else can go
screwhead2305::Landry come back to the Rockets man.. we need you
Belgerp::That'd be too many PFs.  I think we're committed to Patterson, and if we got rid of Scola (in a trade) in order to sign Landry we would get worse at that position, Landry-Patterson.  Then again, Morey has traded people before that I thought he'd want to keep; Landry is one example.
screwhead2305::good job Rockets.. way to fight for your playoff chances SMH
lalatorre87::NO
screwhead2305::yes
etaUpike07::rockets you embarrassed the city of houston over the last week and a half. Never seen such a pitiful display. Guess i have the texans to look forward to
lalatorre87::L
screwhead2305::W
screwhead2305::Green Bay @ Houston!! Texans will mash the PACK
arafique81::Is there still any playoff chances for the Rockets? Cause Jazz and Phoenix have 3 pretty tight games ahead?
Googiz::If Gordon was healthy all season the Hornets would be in the playoffs
gt1master_ike::We make the playoffs next year if we get davis this was a rebuilding year for us.
sconn872::i agree
mikeisildur::If Greg Oden was healthy the Blazers would have won the World Cup
Thurmonatorrrr41::He couldnt even get the Clippers in the Playoffs bro!! Come on man!!
Googiz::The Clippers were in the playoffs before Eric Gordon got hurt last year.
GEAUX SEC OR GEAUX HOME::Maybe this year but NOT last year
Thurmonatorrrr41::No theyre not.
GEAUX SEC OR GEAUX HOME::Hornets are better
Thurmonatorrrr41::-_-
milw-jay::I dont know how Houston even has a winning record.  Who do they have on their team that can play? I cant name anyone....
jaad95h::what are they now? the first two games of the season hornets were in first. We see how that worked out
lalatorre87::ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!, ROCKETS HAVE A LOT OF GOOD PLAYERS! aBOUT 2 WEEKS AGO, ROCKETS WERE IN THE 6TH SEED OF THE WEST SO YOU NEED TO WATCH MORE NBA BRO!!!
cutnshoot1985::nope. Been this way since 2009-10
gt1master_ike::Good to see my hornets fight.  #anti-tanking
lalatorre87::ARE YOU KIDDING ME, HORNETS ARE STILL LIKE THE 2ND WORST TEAM.
cutnshoot1985::we need anybody but dwight howard.  Orlando already gave us cancer from the TMAC era
