Man From UNC::Ty Lawson is on fire....what a performance by Lawson....
TayCarson::Nate McMillan with another head-scratching coaching performance. Why did Camby play a mere 3 minutes in the second half? Why isn't Elliot Williams playing more minutes when Wes Matthews is clearly struggling? Why doesn't Nate employ a more creative offense besides his usual ISO and high-screen plays? This guy gets out-coached on the regular... it's time for Portland to look for a new coach
DannyMejia15MVP::lick mah ballz
diehardnr1::Blazers at home...Big Deal----Nuggz have to count that as a sure W before the game...what is it now...16 -1 last 17 in DEN??  C'mon Nuggets! Get Healthy and make a push as other teams get the injury bug down the stretch...  GO NUGGETS!!!
stl24lakers::I remember when Blazer fans were running their mouths when they were BRIEFLY in 1st place at the start of the season................my how the "mighty"have fallen.lol
KingJak216::do you really?? cuz any REAL blazer fan knew that was fools gold
airlogan23::well take wallace for 5 bucks and a one way ticket to my cotton field
bobby30303::Lin keeps winning but can he match 150 MPG? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmlTrVha3M8
jayeteee::YAAAAAAAAAAYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
trailblaze215::my team sucks
BlazerSully::Hey Gerald, stop playing like such a piece of poon on the road!  and could someone please kich Felton in the sack so he's out for a few games so Nate can finally figure out that he sux ball.s?
c5a1t3s::yeah i thought wallace was supposed to be a huge defensive presence.  saw a lot of flopping from him last night; i NEVER remember that being in his game.
eazyt_971::I heard Portland is actively trying to trade Wallace. Maybe revisit the Orlando, N.J,Portland trade that was reported on in december.
Kobelies247::Hard to see who sucks when you suck yourself......  Nate needs to go!
Space-Bulls.::Blazers should trade Aldridge to a team that can contend... Blazers have no chance.
Kobelies247::Or just trade him cause he SUCKS!
KingJak216::SMH.. he better than Bynum &amp; Pau
chavezscott04@gmail.com::Klove &gt; ANY player in this game tonight
KingJak216::you a damn lie..
Space-Bulls.::Aldridge &gt; K Love
jayeteee::Tebow &gt; KLove
eazyt_971::Is K Love looking forward to his annual hometown beatdown this weekend in Portland?
skaddodle32::When the Nuggets are full strength they are one of the best teams in the West, at this point since they've been so injured they will be a 5,6,7 or even 8 seed but could easily represent the West in the Finals, and they do dominate the East.
BurnabyJoeFan::Yeah you can blame injuries all you want for who 'should be' your best players.  But the truth hurts for Portland fans... your team wanted Greg Oden over Kevin Durant.  Don't get mad at anybody but your own front office.
eazyt_971::Hard to feel sorry for you Denver. After all your players will be back. What should have been our 2 best players have to retire due to injuries. So take that whiny bs somewhere else along with your ABA banners. Those are the only banners that will ever hang in the pepsi center.
oguhmas::There's already a couple nice Stanley Cup banners
Heavyweight on Bantam::lol someones mad
Heiroglyphic::Huge win for the Nuggets. Staying in the thick of the playoff race and winning as many conference games as possible while their key players are out is extremely important. The emergence of Manimal, Brewer and Hamilton is very exciting. GO NUGS!
todogg15::lin was going to be traded to the raptors day before nets game then knicks decided to give him one last chance. more details here: http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
c5a1t3s::*yawn* old news.
naddarians::Rashard out Rashard forever
naddarians::me gusta Rashard Lewis
naddarians::Rashard Lewis es el mejor jugador de todo la NBA
naddarians::Rashard Lewis eats fish u should too it'll make u 3 point sniper just like him
naddarians::Golf is cool cuz Rashard Lewis said so
naddarians::Rashard Lewis makes Ray Allens shot look like Joakim Noah
naddarians::If i had Rashard Lewis's agent i woud be making 5k a year for the magic drainin threes and sitting on the bench
naddarians::Rashard Lewis once told me "Just shoot threes and if u make some or hit the rim or hit shaq's head you bound to be a star" he was giving me advice on how to improve my game very inspirational man
DenvNUGGETS::Alright, who was in here saying blaze them Nuggs lol I want to hear their excuse
JimboNoyes::yeah. mozgov beasted up.
tommac923::no excuses here. blazers got out played  but mostly outrebounded
Meet Pope Tebow::maybe theyre just a pothead
dcyxc2004::andre miller had a good game, led the team in .....set shots
CBass1317::Me too. He was my favorite Blazer last two years.  Felton is overweight, careless with the Ball, can't shoot, not a leader, (insert bad quality in a PG), etc.
DenvNUGGETS::I'd rather have Andre over Felton any day lol
CBass1317::You wanna trade him for Felton??  I didn't think so.  Don't complain.
jayeteee::It's GK that needs to go. He's always trying to force feed the fans w/ his s.h.i.t.t.y rotations.
dcyxc2004::also, if dre isn't happy coming off the bench, I think we should trade him this year and get something out of him before he leaves next year.
dcyxc2004::i like dre, i just hate the two point guard lineup karl insists upon.  i'm not complaining, just pointing out a fact.  come on man, don't be bitter
naddarians::Rashard Lewis is a great role model if u ever need advice just think what would Rashard do
tommac923::the only thing rashard lewis good at is fooling a team into paying him 22 million
Meet Pope Tebow::brick a 3?
DenverDiehard35::Good win Nuggets, good to get some payback on Portland... now we jus gotta get healthy. and figure out what chandler is doin
gary wheatley::diehard, isnt tomorrow the last day someone can offer Chandler a contract.  Denver can and would match.  have you or anyone heard any latest info on the Chandler situation?
naddarians::Rashard Lewis is the Second best player in the NBA based on his Contract
naddarians::kobe
tommac923::and one of the worst based on his play. he doesnt even start for the wizards haha
Meet Pope Tebow::after?
mountainboy33::NUGGETS WIN!!!!!!!!! Ya... I couldn't watch the first half, it sounded like a Denver fest though.... I &lt;3 Manimal
mountainboy33::Oh, and Felton is still FAT. FATTY
OregonLou::Wow, Portland is pretty bad.  Like I've said a bunch of times....I'm so glad I didn't renew my two season tickets this year...I'm playing A LOT more golf.
wp343434::Paul Allen please sell the team, so the curse can end!!!!!
Sir Toonces503::FIRE NATE.  MEOW!!!
naddarians::Rashard Lewis Drainin Threes
naddarians::Rashard Lewis should be the MVP  Without Lewis the Sonics fell apart and the team couldnt even be in seattle anymore  Without Lewis DH wants to leave Orlando and Orlando is becoming a bad team  The Wizards Suck but they own with Rashard
tommac923::no ive just watched him play
tommac923::take rashard lewis's dick out of your mouth
Slurm Soda::You have been brainwashed by the media into thinking he isn't a great player!!!!
Meet Pope Tebow::word
MileHighFan9::If Chandler has any intention of coming back here, why isnt he signed yet? its almost March and its still up in the air.
Meet Pope Tebow::he wants more teams to offer him money, and the nuggets to offer him more money or a one year deal.... waiting doesnt hurt him here
Slurm Soda::He wasn't cleared by FIBA
gary wheatley::I read today Meet that Itialy denied that rumor and that Toronto isnt persuing him anymore
gary wheatley::slurm, i read where he was cleared the other day cause his Chinese team was elimated.
Slurm Soda::Just what I read. I don't know if its true
Meet Pope Tebow::i dunno if thats still a problem, the 'rumors' ive been reading mostly just mention italy and the raptors
Pepiope::He is a RFA. He has to wait till March 1st for other teams to offer contracts to him, if none do so, DEN can sign him for whatever they want.
TY LAWSON 3::Wilson Chandler will come back.
tommac923::blazers need to make a trade if they wanna make the playoffs
tommac923::i say anyone other than aldridge and batum can be traded
CBass1317::Sounds about right
naddarians::They need Rashard Lewis
tommac923::no one needs rashard lewis
tommac923::that doesnt deserve a response but heres one anyway....hahahaha
CBass1317::They need another trade.  Felton is obviously terrible.  We all agree on that ...
tommac923::irrelevant. not talking about last year
gary wheatley::speaking of Anderson. He didnt play one minute of tonights game.  I think something is cooking.  Either that or when Chandler doe hopefully return he will be traded . He is playing less and less so that is telling me something anyway.
CBass1317::Nice post ...
kcowling20::How bout Aldridge for Chris Andersen?
kcowling20::They did. They got Felton hahaha
kcowling20::Is Chandler seriously going to backhand the Nuggets and play in Italy? Come on Wilson..
naddarians::yea and he said he likes being in denver he even went in the locker room to see the team
Meet Pope Tebow::or to pick up his medichron bag from birdman...
Pepiope::Don't pay attention to the media hype. He left China because he wanted to be back in the NBA, but you believe he is going to flip the script in a week and play in Italy when an NBA team wants him?
kcowling20::I'm not buying it either. I'm just saying if he wants more money than the Nuggets are willing to give him, it could end bad. Hopefully we realize how much he can mean to a playoff run, and get him signed ASAP
Meet Pope Tebow::i doubt it, i expect a multi year deal in the coming days
58rhodes::Blazers stink
tommac923::Rebounds DEN 54 POR 36 thats why they lost
Boise State is a joke::Galo + Nene + Chandler + the Nuggets = Western Conference Finals at least
DannyMejia15MVP::Beast Mode
CBass1317::no flu here but I too am high.  Not SO HIGH however, that I think Denver will be in the WCF.
Meet Pope Tebow::gotta gave faith... and weed, thats nice to have too
Meet Pope Tebow::i have the flu and i just got high.... coloradans in a nutshell
CBass1317::One thing Denver and Portland share is an inordinate amount of people that are high.
Oleg2604::how about Mozgov. DDD
kcowling20::You forgot Lawson.
tdawg44446::was that meant to be a joke?
kcowling20::No, that is serious.
Dont make me make you fall in love with a n1gga like me::my mom just told my bestfriend she is dtf
tommac923::hahah t shirt time
dcyxc2004::crabs are here!
Boise State is a joke::down to fish?
kcowling20::Winner winner chicken dinner!
GerardoE303::lets start a winning streak now~!!!!
TY LAWSON 3::J Cole is Arron Afflalo
wildcats828::Good start to the second half considering Protland has dominated us the first couple match ups
Boise State is a joke::finally
Dadsterbug::Hard to win in Mile High unless they let us have oxygen on the sidelines...LOL...
CBass1317::JK. Nuggs are good.  Just pointing out some weird logic there...
CBass1317::Exactly.  Nuggs not that good.  Should be better with that advantage.
Meet Pope Tebow::meh, were only like 10-8 this season at the can, certainly not our best
bmosheman::good game portland.  almost came all the way back
naddarians::Go RAymond felton http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esjMpny3r44
tommac923::hahahah hilarious
GerardoE303::lol
MileHighFan9::Amazing
dcyxc2004::good job my nuggets.  let's win some games and get back in this thing.
