Fjodor Balla::FB comments are sooo bad.Many comments seem to evaporate for no reason and chronology is a mess
Chris Neumann::Anyone else still waiting for Love to come back out and shoot his FT's?
Fjodor Balla::Yes, Love's mom
Chris Neumann::Oh his mom is shooting the ft's?  Wait ur only joking! Haha  wow u got me good w the "mom" comment!
Luke Zacharias::Chris Neumann Fb system didn't eliminate all of the trolls.. And yes, I'm still waiting for him.
Sina Soheili::MATRIX RELOADED!!!!!
Nate Stein::Thank you Tim Legler who called this a blatant no call. He called it a shame and horrible officiating.
Eric He::"Contact which occurs on the hand of the offensive player, while that hand is in contact with the ball, is legal."
Nate Stein::Eric He contact to s shooters hand and back are illegal
Eric He::Nate Stein Please check the rules: B.Personal Foul / Section I - Types / Exeptions / (e) : http://www.nba.com/analysis/rules_12.html
Kyle Erickson::The NBA needs to have a system in place for disciplining/fining officials who blow calls that directly impact games.
Kyle Erickson::You have to realize that your comment makes no sense, right?  Bonus does not equal discipline.
Mc TopRamen::They also need to be able to punish wanna be stars who get stripped of the ball at the end of the day?
Travis Colbert::I find it funny how the Mav fans don't believe the nba is rigged even though they got snubbed of the 06 finals
Nathan Skinner::Who said it wasn't? But its been that way for Dallas since that time.
Shaun Helm::Amen, if there is ANY team that understand this it is the Mavs.
Nick Rocca::Dirk is old and has always been questionable on the boards, Pek and Love going to dominate at home and get the third vic in a row!!!
Chris Bates::Dirk may be old but he's still dominating this year.  Top 10 in the NBA in scoring.  You mad bro?
Nick Rocca::Chris Bates Dirk is good, always good, always one of the best scorers in the NBA, just watched the last time these teams met and with Dalembert also they could not stop the offensive boards by the T Wolves monsters!!
Nick Rocca::The Wolves have beat them two times this year already, looking for the third in a row vs the Mavs, Monta Ellis is good just has never been a winner.
Tom Black::What a gutless display of officiating, the worse part of this is these guys will be out there again blowing calls. This is why I let my season tickets go. That ref don't have the guts to do a college game, the NBA needs to turn over these refs. It's time to give college refs a chance. Overall this is a bad group Just a waste of time to watch a game, glad I didn't pay for it.
Jarrod Mauren::It's Ed Malloy. He's an arrogant, terrible ref no matter the situation. He's always involved in controversies or arguments because he's an instigator and likes to be the focus of games. That no call was just brutal by both refs. It's no shocker by Malloy tho.
Chris Bates::Don't blame the loss on the refs, the game is over and it's a loss.  Get over it.
Jarrod Mauren::Chris Bates Don't come to the CONVERSATION section of the game if you don't want to see people TALKING ABOUT THE GAME
Chris Bates::Jarrod Mauren It's a free country, I can come to this CONVERSATION section if I want but if you're talking about the game, Marion was unstoppable tonight in a Mavs WIN.  Like I said, get over it and move on.  The game is over and done with.
Austin #MFFL - News of the Dallas Mavericks::Mavs need to start being more consistent and not beating only bad teams.  Have to be strong on the boards with Love and Pek there.  Should be a good game.  #Mavericks #Timberwolves #MFFL #LetsGoMavs
Chris Bates::Mavs have beaten some good teams this year, beaten the Rockets twice already as well as the Warriors...Look it up man.
Jared Fitzgerald::Chris Bates Dont forget the Trail Blazers haha
Chris Bates::Jared Fitzgerald Them too lol, thanks for reminding me.
Jason Cleveland::Seriously for a guy who has never even been to the playoffs Kevin Love sure likes to talk. Win something then speak.
Jarrod Mauren::Mel WallaceAnother statement that shows me you don't watch any Wolves games. Love gives everything he has, plays hard all game AND is putting up historic numbers. He simply can't do it all
Fjodor Balla::Does it really matter if those points and rebounds are distributed between Wolves players or Love gets all of them? Love has failed miserably in the most important stat: Wins.He has enough talent to win games, and he doesn't.
Kevin Hayes::Win something before you're allowed to complain about getting hacked across the arm!
Wild Silverback::So, the Mavericks just gave up a 20 point lead on the road.. Sounds about right.. NBA is so rigged, I swear.. Just ridiculous.
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::You still watch NBA games even though they're rigged. NBA WINS
Jerry Caliendo::Mavs have no answer inside the paint. Wolves win by double digits.
Chris Bates::You'll eat crow soon enough.
Sina Soheili::And then you woke up!!!
Chris Bates::Ready to eat crow you bum?? Looks like you were WRONG.
Joesha Snyder::Wolves move ahead of .500 for good tonight.
Sina Soheili::Sike!!!!
Alex Washington::Sina Soheili your wife cheats on you.
Sina Soheili::Alex Washington Well your blow up doll cheats on you too!!!
Danny Harvey::BIG FOUL ON MARION THESE REFS R DOUCHE BAGS
Chris Bates::Stop complaining, take your loss and move on.
Derek Andreasen::Chris Bates u move on d bag
Joe Coburn::Single digits boys and girls.
Wild Silverback::MAVS !!!!!
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
John Burke::Go wolves
Milissa Day::Go Wolves
Fjodor Balla::This is similar to the bad call refs made last year in the Blazers-Mavericks game in Portland.They called a phantom offensive foul on Mayo with 3 secs remaining that cost Mavs the game.NBA later made that lame and worthless announcement that was a bad call.Everything happens fast and refs are not robots...they do make mistakes.I don't think refs make INTENTIONAL mistakes so enough with conspirative theories.There is no perfect system to call a game so eventually from time to time teams will be victim of mistakes. That said Mavs were in control of this game with a 4 pt lead in the last minute and deserved the victory.On to the next one.
Nick Rocca::This was a foul, anyone that says the hand is the ball he clearly hit the hand after he hit the ball and the ball was ejected from Love's hand, wouldn't that mean he hit hand or wrist without ball and that is a foul?
Matthew Adam Lee::He didnt even hit the hand he grabbed his arm.
Frank North::blaming the refs instead of the bench that scored 5 points.... The bench scored 5 points... That's why we lost.  Flip fix this bench or quit and let someone who can see the obvious do the job. I am tired of this do nothing approach.
Jarrod Mauren::Mel Wallace You obviously don't watch Wolves games. He's worthless and everywhere he goes it's gonna be the same for him. He plays no D, has no reliable jumpshot, and what he was supposed to be good at, attacking the hoop, might be his worst trait. He has no body control or touch around the hoop. He can't/doesn't pass. Just a bad basketballl player. Doesn't have a position.  He can't even get consistent minutes on a pathetic Sac Kings team. He had 1 good game with them (31 pts and 5 steals). You'd think after a game like that his minutes would increase and his role would get bigger... But nope, because of everything I previously mentioned, he just can't get on the floor. He hasn't improved since he came in the league.
Luke Zacharias::Don't foget the 11 turnovers in the first half.
Jason Throne::Blaming? Ummm...http://bleacherreport.com/tb/dc5Z4?utm_source=facebook.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=tsandroid
Nate Stein::hand checking foul as well on marian, not just the hitting the hand. Two missed calls there http://www.nba.com/nba101/misunderstood_0708.html
Derek Dansby::Watch every single game Dirk Nowitzki has ever played in, see the "fouls" that go uncalled on him, and then get back to me with the hand-check stuff.  I'm not trying to rain on your parade, but you need to realize that Love will get a LOT of no-calls in his career (just as Dirk has).  You can't get hung up on every hand-check foul that isn't called or you'll drive yourself crazy.  That's my advice based on my fan experience.
Nate Stein::Derek Dansby the one who gets the no calls is Nikola Pekovic because he is so strong refs let defenders molest him in the post. The ones that you cant let go are the ones that change the outcome of the game, ie putting an 80% FT shooter, who is clutch on the line for 3 FT's with no time remaining down 2 when he was fouled.
Nathan Skinner::Nate Stein Dude, your bias is showing. Minnesota shoots the most fts in the league. Get over it.
Jared Keen::I see a wolves win, 112-102. Wolves I think are just a little to strong offensively for the mavs. Rubio vs Calderon should be interesting, will be good to see who plays better considering they know eachother well. Hopefully they put Mbah Moute on Dirk late and brewer on Monta.
Chris Bates::Time to eat crow. You were WRONG.
Derek Andreasen::Chris Bates u r still a d bag though
