JJATLJJ48::Damn you Orlando for giving up Ryno... what in the sam hell were they thinking. Ryno/Vasquez/Lopez/Davis is going to be good... Pelicans name, not so much.
Kev_010::craving for some new orleans bbq shrimp. damn
Clarence2126::another embarassing loss by the milwaukee does. i think overall they arent tough enough to beat a high school team.
Dirty-Diaper::I hate to say it but Austin Rivers is terrible. He is the perfect example of someone needing to stay in college.
heatfaninfl::Ive been using a bet system called Sportsbettingstar. ive made around $3,000 a month profit using this system. If you search sports betting system on the internet you will find this system there.
JrueRandallHoliday::Brian Roberts eating Austin "Bust" Rivers lunch... LMAO!
951Antonio::Scott Sklies entered tonight's game saying the Bucks major focus was not to let Austin Rivers beat them like he has everyone else.  They held Rivers scorless and to just 2 assists.
JustinTimeHeHe::Bucks fans earlier today said there was "No way" they lose to the Hornets and look. Anyway I just want to say I have noticed the league is SO unfair to this Bucks team when it comes to refs calls and other things as well. Bucks are smallmarket and they have gotten screwed so many times yet people call you a complainer when you admit it and thats what the league wants you to do. Well I'm a Knicks fan so shove that "excuses/complainer" crap up your $@%. Cant even tell the truth anymore
JustinTimeHeHe::Because your be labeled a "whiner", lol, it's pathetic. This league has been corrupt in many ways and when they are, you SHOULD speak on it rather than turn your heads and let them rob teams. Nonetheless, there is nothing us fans can do about it anyway. It's the way it is.
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::New Orleans looked solid tonight. Milwaukee has definitely cooled off after that hot 6-3 start. http://milkwasabadchoice.weebly.com
tiago_1801::next 2 weeks
JrueRandallHoliday::Then he'll be out again for another three...
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::When is Davis expected back?
BRAY5150::DJ mite not have had a good game overall but that block at the end was huge. But I'm sure jazz fans believe he flopped somehow and its all the refs fault
korn7860::PeterPPK - I think they should trade Ellis. He is seriously not all that gooodddddddddddddddd  Ellis is that good, but in the Bucks system, he is designed to take jump shots, that is far from his strong suit.  I do agree they should trade him though.  I feel that Jennings, Daniels, Moute, and Udoh are a solid 4, with the gaping hole being the Bucks really need a PF who can score down low.  Not many out there, but Gasol and Milsap are available and should be targets.    Jennings, Daniels, Moute, Millsap, Udoh, with Udrih, Dunleavey, Sanders off the bench is a legit 4 seed in the East.
tiago_1801::Daniels? Moute? Udoh? Dunleady? Ok tell us now another joke because this one is old
thewolf1616::a davis is a injury prone bust
Trev28nba::Ekpe Udoh is a bust
RenegadeWEBZ::Looks like a Victory
Rambomonster9::Rivers has got to be the most inefficient player in the league.  For the minutes he gets he is the worst.  Man i feel bad for the kid. Sucks
JrueRandallHoliday::I don't feel sorry for the $@%! pr**k at all but besides that, he would make an excellent analysis/broadcaster... kid is excellent in front of the camera!
951Antonio::Wouldn't even be in the NFL if not for his famous name.  This kid was overrated coming out of high school.
Rip City Forever::Anthony Davis &gt; 5 Austin rivers
Rip City Forever::Hornets should cut Austin rivers got damn that kid is lousy (I know it's only 20games but I think we're starting to get the picture) meanwhile I wanna see some Anthony Davis highlights, go hornets!
BlindAmbition25::the hornets knew hat they were getting, hes a two to three year project.
Rip City Forever::For sure...hope so cause Ima duke fan and wish the best for alma matter but got dam he isn't as good as I thought he was gunna be, I'm pissed!
PeterPPK::Bucks should hire Phil Jackson
PeterPPK::I think they should trade Ellis. He is seriously not all that gooodddddddddddddddd
dwighthowardsamazing::I'll take him for Gordon and rivers or Gordon and smith
SCHMIDTY685::CHICAGO BULLS FIRST PLACE!
chicago d rose::in the central yes
Jschlotty2::You don't see anyone on the Grizzlies throwing up 23 shots a game yet Monta and BJ3 do it on a nightly basis. I understand scoring is necessary but shooting 40% and less every game isnt.
minifarmgirl12::good match-up here... yesterday, my underdog pick was orlando, tonight i love the hornets as a home dog, very physical game, i hope jennings' 3 ball isn't falling. 2 fans like this. --------------- fire!!
rudyknowsbest::Sad sad showing from the Bucks here.
chicago d rose::and bucks fans
Crowmania18::we will give eric gordon for pau gasol
Crowmania18::and austin rivers
comeatmebroe::LOL @ austin rivers
Rip City Forever::He is terrible!!!
dwighthowardsamazing::Gordon is never getting in that court for the hornets just right before the trade deadline to audition
JrueRandallHoliday::Don't be silly, of course he'll be back on the court for the Hornets... when it's nearly time for a new extension, of course!
Reddog7786::just a kid....i see his minutes being cut once Gordon gets on court. B-Rob is establishing himself as back-up PG
minifarmgirl12::$$$$$$$$
SB4LlFE::so how has monta treating the bucks?
clippers8130::the Milwaukee sucks i mean bucks
Bulldogs5145::where are all the bucks fans from the board when they played the bulls?
buckspackers23::They all got PO'd, like me and left in the beginning of the 4th.
Bulldogs5145::lol. were you on that board when they played the bulls
chicago d rose::they dont wanna show
Bulldogs5145::they are pissed we are tied for first now lol
chicago d rose::ellis should go to the bulls
dwighthowardsamazing::I'm not sure if mayo still wants to go to the bulls bc he resurrected is career in Dallas unless things turn bad. But I know he did want to go
Baby Oil on a Saturday night::Eww no. Rose needs a spot up shooter. Him and Rose basically do the samething but Ellis is a less athletic version of Rose.
Bulldogs5145::he is getting better every year
chicago d rose::but i still want to keep butler that guy is a stud
Bulldogs5145::i know and hopefully we can get tony allen to compliment our defense
chicago d rose::that would be a perfect backcourt
Bulldogs5145::yeah he played with rose when he was 8 and 9 lol
chicago d rose::for real?
Bulldogs5145::bulls should get o.j. mayo next year...he wants to come to the bulls...only reason he didnt this year is bc rose is hurt
buckspackers23::You can have him. He hasn't been what he was for the Warriors.
chicago d rose::but with rose that would be crazy
buckspackers23::Ilyasova and a draft pick for Ryan Anderson.
dwighthowardsamazing::I should flag that comment it was so stupid ilyasova for Anderson unless they promise to lose out so we can get 2 top 5 picks lol
nidadan::Bucks, the most inconsistent team in the NBA
Baby Oil on a Saturday night::But seriously though Ellis + Howard might of been a good combo...-What if-
buckspackers23::Jerry Sloan is probably sitting at home waiting for a call from the Bucks, haha.
CGbadger932::good effort bucks. NOT
danglehossa22::Bucks should be embarrassed. They should never come out looking like that ever. Disgrace to the game of basketball.
lookitsdeco::2 points short of my teaser..that drought for 3:50 killed me.
buckspackers23::Look at what opposing big men do with Dalembert benched. 22 and 21. Jesus Skiles, your rotations.
Bandwagon Lakers Fan::It won't be long before the Bucks players start calling out Skiles
Bandwagon Lakers Fan::If the Lakers get Ryan Anderson the rest of the nba is screwed
BlindAmbition25::theres no way the hornets let their best player (at the moment) go
danglehossa22::He's terrible, I had to watch him brick every open 3 he took
buckspackers23::Skiles used to be a coach that could get his players playing hard the whole game. The only ones that were doing that were Mbah a Moute and Sanders, and maybe a little Jennings.
Baby Oil on a Saturday night::Jennings or Ellis has to go.
KLOE416::Ellis for Austin Rivers...LOL
Bandwagon Lakers Fan::Sanders should be getting 30+ minutes....
5496aj::Villanueva is a cancer patient
dwighthowardsamazing::Garnett said he was cancerous to his team and to the league
Qg4500::Good day 2 b a hornets fan as for the bucks...Ouch
rayallen1920::lost by 5 points, $@%! the bucks
ForeverGrapeOKC::Dell Demps should be fired on the spot if he trades Ryan Anderson to the Lakers
Bandwagon Lakers Fan::Ellis a cancer to any team
Qg4500::I was going 4 the hornets but i can about imagine whats going throuh the Bucks players minds. Heres a sneak peek. "Ouch"
5496aj::I think this game is over * wipes off milk mustache*
