TheSportsMan411::WORST GAME EVER!!!
lehmanator123::when is EG coming back?
mpdalry1::Hornets are 3-2 on their 5 game road trip.  They went to OT with Indiana before beating Clev.  This Hornets have  played VERY good teams to the wire and they have a lot of depth.  YEs they are not going to win a lot of games, but they will be in almost every game starting the 4th Q...which is where they  hit the wall every night.  Just lack a consistent scorer and do have anyone on the wing who can knock down shots on a nightly basis.  But do not think this team should be an easy win.  They are playing without their starting Center and starting 4 and still winning games on a 5 game road trip.  At least this team plays with heart and grit.  Refreshing in this league.
Birdmann._.::Why don't the heat try to get kaman? their draft picks gone?
TheRubioLoveConnection::Come one Kyrie. If you want to win ROY at least lead your team to a win over the Hornets...
mypuppy747::Tough to win the all 3 in a back2back2back
blazzbowler::coach's fault for losing the game not well coached
RayKrebbs1978::Cavaliers looked pathetic tonight, absolutely pathetic.  check this out http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_31
mikeyp2307::you're cool bro. Cleveland aint even that bad if a city. Grow up.
mikeyp2307::you're cool bro. Cleveland aint that bad of a city. Grow up.
shaqatastic::Cavaliers and pathetic are redundant. Just saying Cavaliers should suffice....or you can say Cavaliers looked Cleveland tonight. LOL
cland4ever::kyrie plus kevin love &gt; rubio plus love
thewolf1616::thats just stupid...rubio&gt;irving
KingGeorge53::omg...   Love would be the first 30/30 player and Kyrie would have like 50 per game.  hahaha    But seriously,  any pg that stands at the top of the key like Rubio could have his kind of assists with K Love.
-Swazi-::Big booty .com
boogettie::The Cavs fans hatred of Lebron has boomaranged and now people all over the country root against the Cavs.
boogettie::You will get a whole bunch of high picks
KingGeorge53::Good.  Now go pick your nose and fling it on your grandmother's computer.
rockndoc2::Good.  We want another high pick.  i hope all the hate works out for us.
adeptimg::I never did. I wanted more than just a snack.
KingGeorge53::scum bag troll^
100percenthustle::you guys used to suck LBJ's d*ck
KingGeorge53::Ever notice the only peeps that bring up LeBron are LeBron James fans?
KingGeorge53::you wish
-Swazi-::Kyrie Irving will make a Decision just like lebron and he will leave for the Lakers.
boogettie::When have I ever told a Minny fan to do anything? You have me confused with someone else.
boogettie::That is funny because I actually coach at a middle school
KingGeorge53::no one accused you of that.   Go to bed as middle school awaits you in the a.m.
boogettie::Kyrie will be taking his talents to Santa Monica Beach.
KingGeorge53::that's a nice fairy tale story boogett, but you know that's not going to happen.    e.g.  You see Kyrie have a Rubio type night like tonight and how it fails.
KingGeorge53::I see you here trolling.   I see you telling the minny fans to come troll this board.  It might be a different thing to come here and actually discuss basketball instead of trolling.
boogettie::I have never been to Minny and I am not a fan of theirs. Rubio will win the ROY award, though.
100percenthustle::why are you blaming it on T Wolves fans? I told him to go troll this board cuz we had enough
KingGeorge53::and what difference does that make troll?
100percenthustle::Swazi is a Lakers fan. He is trolling our board as well.
KingGeorge53::Wow.   Minny wins a game against the Jazz and you guys go on an all out troll alert.   I hate to see what kind of scumbags you fans will be when your team is actually a PO team.
KingGeorge53::He can do what ever he wants in 6 or 7 years.   Unlike your rookie that took what??? like 3 years to play b/c he didn't want to play in Minny.
rockndoc2::Right, just like Quitness came there
100percenthustle::Cleveland lost to NO, ouch.
supe540::Just shows how much better the West is and why W - L is deceptive.
KingGeorge53::scum bag troll^
100percenthustle::look at T Wolves record, and they are in the West
KingGeorge53::almost as bad as the T-Wolves
supe540::Well that and the fact that the Cavs are horrible.
KingGeorge53::wrong.    shows you that on a rare night, Kyrie has a very Rubioesque night.   Lots of assists but can't shoot.
rockndoc2::That took me a minute...........LOL
KingGeorge53:::)
KingGeorge53::I believe 110percenthustle's RL name is Richard Cranium
rockndoc2::Cavs Fan is secretly pleased.
PoRtEr_24::Just curious, but does "Kyrie Irving......................ROY" ever post on Cav's boards?
100percenthustle::I was gonna ask the same thing
KingGeorge53::just curious, why r you concerned?
KingGeorge53::so... monkey see, monkey do?
PoRtEr_24::because he trolls our board non-stop
-Swazi-::Kyrie Irving, future Laker.
KingGeorge53::These guys from the Minny board r posting on their site to troll.     pathetic.   lol
rockndoc2::Sessions it will be.  him and Jamison
cland4ever::look at you with these jokes
KingGeorge53::Good game by the Hornets.    Best wishes to the NO fans on your rebuild as well.   :)     Cavalier comeback didn't pan out tonight.    But wow, we have a lot of work cut out to get in the lottery picture which we disparately need.
cland4ever::someone tell me if this idea can make any sense   we end up not making playoffs just say and get a top 12 pick and we trade jamison and sessions for the reported 2 picks then we ship those picks the kings pick and next year for a top 7 pick and then we have iriving and say they draft a sg and sf just to say and then thompson at pf and varejo at center then in free agnecy we will have to over pay say maybe for a brooke lopez or something of that sort start him at C and put varejo to bench and have a bench of gibson gee casspi varejo
cland4ever::im just thinking they draft the best player at sg sf or c and theres a lot of talent at sg and sf but i could be wrong then they resign gee to a decent deal and sign the position they dont draft so if its sf maybe a gerald wallace if he opts out or if its a c brooke lopez or javale mcgee and then sign a bunch of role players because i think we could have about 30 mil  iriving (gibson, maybe mo williams he can opt out and he loves cle) drafted sg then( gibson, gee) either wallace(doubt that) drafted sf or maybe wilison chandler if not casspi and gee still thompson(vareajo) drafted c or brooke lopez javale mcgee or varajo (and whoever they sign as backup)
rockndoc2::A true 2 and 5 would be what they want.   Their pick could get up to #5 if they make the trades.....that could get them Barnes or Kidd-G.  Then they grab the best center available at the next pick.  Irving KiddG Casspi Thompson ?    Andy, Gee, Gibson
cland4ever::thats what i was thinking and they just need to hit on those 2players and then u'd have a good team right there and then add people through the huge amount of money we have in free agency
rockndoc2::Actually, that is kind of the idea.   They have fore sure three of the top 40 picks this year because they have their own first and second, plus the NO 2nd which could be #32.   If they were to add the two LA picks which would be about #22 and #25, they would really have ammo to move up this year and get two of the top 12 guys.
cland4ever::which is why lebron wrote him back saying he wanted to come back and so has jj hickson the people who play here realize its nice so get over your hate for cleveland and dan
boogettie::Then why did he say that right before he played in Cleveland?
rockndoc2::LOL.  If that was it........FAIL
boogettie::Lebon said he would come back because he did not want to get booed again in Cleveland.
boogettie::No free agent will come to Cleveland because Dan Gibert has poisoned the atmosphere with his bizarre anti-Lebron letter.
rockndoc2::Ah, no.   Dan Gilbert is proving he is building the right way.   Players like $ and Dan spends his.
rockndoc2::Damn, the Cavs had no legs tonight and got beat by a bad team on a b2b2b.   They shot bricks all night.  It is TIME NOW to trade Jamison and Sessions in a package to the Lakers.   Get this deal done, Chris Grant
1mproperDancing::Tristan seems to do pretty well when he gets his minutes.  He has a lot of work to do on the offensive end, though, and he really needs to learn to pass out of bad situations rather than tossing up a bad shot.
KingGeorge53::Irving had a very Rubio like night.   Lot's of assists, but shot horribly.   Nice to see TT have b2b double double.
rockndoc2::March 15
adeptimg::I'm going to be in Orlando to catch the Cavs game on March 23. Think Dwight will still be with the Magic then?
adeptimg::When is the trading deadline?
boogettie::Dan Gilbert needs to complain to David Stern about the Hornets unfair dominance.
gt1master_ike::Man ariza has got to go. He has reached his ceiling and is now in decline
MrJohnBasedow::Why did Harangoody get so much time tonight? I think ten seconds should be the max for him.
1mproperDancing::A better question is why was Ryan Hollins even on the court.  I swear, every time the ball goes near Hollins something stupid happens.
Gogoberrymix6.::q
cland4ever::i dont think the cavs if their in position should draft jeremy lamb i dont believe hes that good and is completely overrated
gt1master_ike::Lamb will be a good scorer on a defensive minded team.  He will need to add weight to his frame if he wants to last long in this league.
cland4ever::if we trade sessions and jamison for reported 2 first rounds maybe we can ship those and maybe next years first roudn to move up and maybe get 2 picks in the top 12
BuckeyeheadKyle::Or we could sit on 3 first round picks, and 2 second rounders.
BuckeyeheadKyle::I've preached on multiple Cav boards about getting Terrence Ross.
yata9arasu::Defense + Pure Scorer=Awesome!
BuckeyeheadKyle::It's true, but in the NBA he would only contribute on the scoring end, and not defensively. I like Terrence Ross out of Washington, because he's a pure shooter, and plays excellent defense.
cland4ever::but who knows with the lottery the bulls got rose when they were like 2 spots out of the playoffs that year so i mean anything can happen butmost likely not
yata9arasu::He has amazing range!
BuckeyeheadKyle::He's also super duper freaking skinny. He's like 6-5 and 175 pounds.
adeptimg::I don't want LBJ back. I'd rather beat him.
sriks91::Biatching*
adeptimg::It's just fun. He's an easy target.
sriks91::LOL. look at u cavs $@%!$@%! on Lebron!!
BuckeyeheadKyle::Lebron needs a razor. His beard is whack.
adeptimg::Yeah he'll be shaving his head soon enough.
KeMvP277::His hairline is whack.
KeMvP277::Who wouldn't.
KeMvP277::Cavs got a great future. I think next year they'll probably get to the playoffs. Then, in 2-3 years, they'll be a top team. I think that's worth doing awful last year and below average this year. good game.
BuckeyeheadKyle::there only 1.5 games out of the playoffs, but if they do make it their either playing Miami or Chicago.
cland4ever::i think they record is below average but their playing better than expected because everyone expected only about 15-20 wins so i mean were a few parts from being a solid contender
KeMvP277::That's why there's a draft.
BuckeyeheadKyle::Its kind of funny your a UNC and NOLA fan. NOLA is projected to get Harrison Barnes.
KeMvP277::Possibly. I think Nola goes with a big man though. Davis, Drummond, or Robinson. But i think Drummond will be a bust personally. I mean, look what Hibbert and Jamison have done to them. And there are too many big men to pass up.
adeptimg::To UNC tittle town: I hope the Cavs are trashy enough to get the #1 pick.... again.
BuckeyeheadKyle::How long is that guys wing span? he blocks 4 shots a night.
KeMvP277::over 7ft
yata9arasu::ANTHONY DAVIS!!!!!!!!!!!!
KeMvP277::Thompson a double double in 15 minutes.
taa2008::4 personals, though.  If he is going to want more PT, he is going to have to get those under control.  Damn shame, because he has started looking a lot better recently.
yata9arasu::Barnes reminds me of Paul Pierce....
BuckeyeheadKyle::nada.
yata9arasu::Yep.  He looks like he will be a great player.
KeMvP277::respectable.
cland4ever::im not saying hes a bad player i think hes good but i personally think that iriving will have a better career because hes been proving hes damn good on the nba level i would want barnes on the cavs i dont have a problem with barnes
KeMvP277::Tell your fellow bias Cavs fans that.
KeMvP277::Thats a good thing.
yata9arasu::I would love for Barnes to play for us though.
yata9arasu::Thompson would have had 20 pts, 20 reb if he played 30+ min today.
taa2008::Maybe not easily.  At the rate he was picking up fouls he would have only played about 22-23.
BuckeyeheadKyle::easily.
ryan1c5::$@%!$
yata9arasu::Harrison Barnes!
BuckeyeheadKyle::Is a bust!
KeMvP277::Yeah ask Adam Morrison how college play translates into NBA play. just cuz he's doing well now doesn't mean he'll be good.
BuckeyeheadKyle::He's leading the Big Ten...
KeMvP277::I think you mean Jared Sullinger.
BuckeyeheadKyle::Cav's bench had 39 points. The starters had 45. Irving was 2-13 from the field, and 0-4 from the three pointer. :( He needs a break.
1mproperDancing::He's looked bad on the back of almost every back to back this year, which is likely a product of the shortened training camp, plus the fact that he barely played in college.  He should be in better shape next year after a summer of NBA-caliber workouts and a full training camp/preseason.
UNC_title_town::CAVS..  your are trash of the NBA for sure.
BuckeyeheadKyle::Butler was 23-9 and went all the way to the championship game. UNC blew out MSU, and now MSU looks like they could play a very close game against them. MSU always pulls through tournament time, and Ohio State is good. They shoot good some days and some days not.
KeMvP277::You can't shoot good some days and bad some other days in the tourney. that's why i think Duke will be an early exit. They rely on that 3 too much.
BuckeyeheadKyle::don't be jealous that a duke player is leading a NBA team from a 26 historic game losing streak to possibly making the playoffs. Enjoy your guys quick run in the tournament.
KeMvP277::can you read? you have to win IF you get there, which nobody other than MSU will be doing after the sweet 16.
BuckeyeheadKyle::They are winning and going to make it?
KeMvP277::Great, who cares who makes it? You have to win if you get there.
BuckeyeheadKyle::Have you heard of John Shurna? Big Ten has the possibly of having the most teams in the tournament per conference this year. Ten teams have a chance of making it from the Big Ten.
KeMvP277::I'm a Hornets fan too. And LOL @ the big ten being tough. IU overrated, OSU same, MSU is good, Michigan is good at home, only team that might do things ion the tourney is MSU.
BuckeyeheadKyle::Why are there UNC fan's on this board in the first place?? Big ten is the toughest conference in basketball this year.
KeMvP277::lol OSU will be the first top 10 team out.
kjb1108::when's the last time UNC did anything in the tournament?
KeMvP277::2009. thanks though. Elite 8 last year too.
cland4ever::unc lost to duke after being up by what 16 in the 2nd half... enough
KeMvP277::If he's good next year i'll be happy to give him credit and call him a great young player.
cland4ever::have you seen irivings numbers this year there comparable if not better than deron willaims derreck roses chris paul d wades and lebrons rookie years and he plays less minutes then they all did
yata9arasu::Irving is only playing 30 min a game.....
BuckeyeheadKyle::Go troll the OKC, Boston board.
KeMvP277::Give Barnes that amount of playing time and he will too next year or whenever he goes to the draft.
cland4ever::i dont care for osu this isnt an osu board its the cavs.  harrison barnes is a poor mans tmac
yata9arasu::Irving is playing at an all-star level his rookie year.
KeMvP277::lol you guys would be eating your words if you drafted him.
KeMvP277::I do. So do a lot of people.
BuckeyeheadKyle::Kyrie Irving&gt;Tristian Thompson&gt;Ricky Rubio&gt;Kyrie Irving with one leg&gt;Harrison Barnes.
yata9arasu::He will be good.  I don't think he will better than Irving......
KeMvP277::OSU put up 48 points against MSU. at home. Nice... Harrison Barnes is the best small forward in the draft. Going in top 3. He'll be better than Irving.
cland4ever::kyrie iriving &gt; harrison barnes
KeMvP277::shutup. Still #7
mikeyp2307::STOP WITH THE $@%!$ KASASA COMMERCIALS!!! FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!!! AND STATE FARM! YOUR COMMERCIALS ARENT CLEVER. STOP TRYING TO BE FUNNY. $@%!
cland4ever::i got a giggle out of bj rajas but after i while it wasnt good
kjb1108::rodgers absolutely killed his cool TD dance with those tired awful commercials.
mikeyp2307::i really miss andy v.
BuckeyeheadKyle::Why doesn't TT start? hes played better than Hollins, Erden, Casspi and Harangody. I rather have TT, Irving, Gee, Antawan and Sessions start.
BuckeyeheadKyle::Boston lost, were only 1.5 games behind them.
cland4ever::if they trade antawn then he will definitely start but i dont think they want to start 2 6 foot 8 people
kjb1108::b/c I think the cavs might be in limbo whether or not to tank the season. its a conspiracy theory, but i hope not
sa330206::They need a little spark from the bench.. but TT isn't getting nearly enough minutes.
I know more than you boy::No Rubio trolls when Irving plays like Rubio. Interesting...
BuckeyeheadKyle::Man, Irving played like Rubio today. 6 points 11 assists.
cland4ever::t wolves fans: what a great game omg hes the best  cavs fans: he had a horrible night
Rengel12::The next 2 games after the break against Boston and NY are huge games
KeMvP277::Great road win for Nola. 8-25 going into the break, 1-2 on their back to back to back, 3-2 so far on their monster road trip. But Jamison and Hibbert yesterday showed that the Hornets really need to draft a big man with their first pick, maybe second as well, in this years draft. I think they def will. Go Nola
I know more than you boy::Harangody is the palest buff person I have ever seen.
Jthizz69::lol, New Orleans was up this whole game, and Cavs fans are complaining about late game substitutions. suck it up and give credit where it is due - the hornets have been playing very respectably as of late and always make it a competitive game.
5TexasFight J.R.10::Go jr smith though and go texas longhorns and denver nuggets
I know more than you boy::Late game substitutions? Harangody Hollins and Casspi played almost the whole game. And most Cavs fans here have given credit to NO. How about you watch the game and read all of our comments before you say something stupid?
mikeyp2307::we (Cavs fans) can complain all we want. At least you dont have to watch ryan hollins and luke harangody on a daily basis
T.O.G.M.S.17::i believe all the cavs fans are. go ahead and read some of this stuff. everyone is giving credit to NOLA for a hard fought game
kjb1108::side note, how did boston catch up? oh yeah, OKC plays no D.
5TexasFight J.R.10::lets see. James harden is a top 2 candidate for six-man award. serge just had a triple double. and perkins has a ring. something that durant and westbrook can't say
BuckeyeheadKyle::they only have 2 players on the team.
T.O.G.M.S.17::Byron, I dont know what your plan is. Whether you guys want to lose and get a good pick in the draft. But please bench Hollins, Erden, Casspi and Harangody. And play Eyenga, Harris, and Samuels.
BuckeyeheadKyle::Bingo! I mean what the heck. Why are we playing D-league prospects. It's like 3 on 5 basketball for the Cav's.
sa330206::The only benefit of playing Harangody is to get him the "Scalabrini appeal."  Maybe another team would give us something for him to have a funny player on their team.
kjb1108::agreed except with Eyenga. Starting Hollins and Cassipi makes no sense whatsoever.
T.O.G.M.S.17::eyenga is a pretty decent defender. his jumper is awful but the dude can jump lol.
sa330206::Agreed.  If we're going to tank atleast get guys we may keep around some experience.
T.O.G.M.S.17::exactly. because hopefully Hollins, Harangody, Erden and Casspi are not in the cavs future for long
I know more than you boy::Cavs woulda won this game if they used Kasasa.
mikeyp2307::durant kasasa's
MeadBucky::Don't just shoot. Kasasa
cland4ever::dont have a grandson with a dog collar
yata9arasu::THOMPSON!  10 pts, 10 reb in 15 min.  WHILE HARANGODY AND HOLLINGS PLAYED 30???????
mikeyp2307::state farm commercials are some of the worst on tv
MeadBucky::Good game if any hornet fans in here. Good luck rest of the season
