527089866@qq.com::so I found this funny rule: The more TO'S Jeremy gets, the more points the Knicks got.
Dave6673::Went to the doctor, he said I had "the Melo" and that it was fatal!
gambLINg.::My team is:  PF Amare Stoudemire  C Tyson Chandler   SF Carmelo Anthony 		SG Iman Shumpert 		PG  Baron Davis  1.Amare &amp; Tyson Get me the rebound Offense / Defense, stop getting beat by Jon Dow. 2.Anthony this is your team play bough ways and put the ball in the basket, and only take open shots, don’t force it you have 4 other team mates. 3.Shumpert Housel, Housel, Housel real hard. Drive to the basket get the foul, look for Anthony. 4.Davis Manage the GAME TEACH LIN THE GAME. DO NOT, DO NOT TAKE ANY 3 POINT SHOTS. Let Novak do what he do!
dnoonan2::melo 2 d-league
gambLINg.::Be real Melo is Great when he play with his head out of his 4 point of contact. I should flag you for talking some dumb basketball
gambLINg.::who would you start. Carmelo Anthony  Mike Bibby  Tyson Chandler  Baron Davis Toney Douglas Landry Fields Josh Harrellson Jared Jeffries Jerome Jordan Jeremy Lin Steve Novak Iman Shumpert J.R. Smith Amare Stoudemire Bill Walker
gambLINg.::? PF  Steve Novak   C   Tyson Chandler   SF  Jared Jeffries 	SG  J.R. Smith	PG  Jeremy Lin  Trade Carmelo Anthony, and Amare Stoudemire for Super Man?
lxyapril::How about just trade Lin to a better team, and Marshmelo stay NYK to continue his "Personal Air Balls Show Time"?
gambLINg.::ok go find your group of guys and stop hating on the Knick.
angrycali::Warriors new it now the Knicks are feeling it. Lin Show just a fad...over and done....Cavs/Bucks about to catch the Knicks and knock them out...
pnete::Lin does the same penetration thing as other guards, except they have team defense instead of Matadors.
gambLINg.::The word is finishers. Not shokers.
BrutusDAFL::I have to say this real quick there NO REASON absolutely NO REASON why the KNick should be below .500 If I was the owner I wouldn't wait till the end of the season I would fire Dantoni's a## RIGHT NOW! I mean 6:38 PM RIGHT NOW I WOULD CALL HIS A## and FIRE HIM! I'm not even a Knick Fan but DAMN!!!!!!
gouconnhuskies3::The knicks players are all over rated, they brought in all players who play one side of the ball, and rarely well with others.
gouconnhuskies3::They're no Wade/Lebron, They're no Durrant/Westbrook, they're no Paul/Griffin, They're No Kobe/whoever... Push comes to shove they should be happy if they make the playoffs
gouconnhuskies3::Look at the 90's Bulls, best team ever rigth? Two weapons, but everybody else did the other things that win you games. And the "weapons were legendary defenders, Melo and Amare? ain't no Jordan and Pippen on the defensive end... sorry the knicks don't have it.
gouconnhuskies3::If you don't play defense it dosn't matter how many "weapons" you have
BrutusDAFL::They have soooo many weapons I refuse to believe that they cannot be fixed there has to be a way.
gambLINg.::But you r on it.
ESPN2483::Folks, To all Knicks Fans' frustration during the last couple of games, Knicks now introduce you the availability of watching basketball as if you were actually playing in the court. The view? Better than courtside view, thrilling experience? Better than stomping on your feet on the bench  First and foremost person who's got such ticket for season-pass is ...........  AMARE STOUDAMIRE (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRmfwKxqe4Q&amp;context=C45329bfADvjVQa1PpcFNFwcHW4m-bdNyfG150v1L5rfGpMkGNlN8=)
gouconnhuskies3::Jeremy Lin gets steals, but that dosn't tell the story... he's a defensive liability in league full of guards who can score.
nycpratl::unless and until knick ownership changes we will continue to see versions of the same thing we've seen for the last 10+ years.
gambLINg.::The ownership is not the problem. We have good players, they just kneed to perform.
pnete::The Knicks need to find a balance between offense and defense. Jeffries and Chandler need to start. So does Stump, lin and Melo. Play defense first and set the tone. Filter the other guys in as needed and no more of this first and second unit baloney.
gambLINg.::Stop this 3 point shooting $@%!.
gouconnhuskies3::They just need to play defense forget the balance
Please_Dont_Trade_Anymore_Marlins::"Balance between offense and defense" This is D'Antoni we are talking about here btw.
gambLINg.::Let J Ling play all the minutes he was playing when the Knicks ware wining and I guaranty you a W. Staudemire and Carmelo will play better when they realize that the road is getting to a holt.  UNCHAIN LINSANITY
gambLINg.::YOU R 100% RIGHT BUT HE IS THE ONLY ONE STEPING UP TO THE OCATION, THE OVER PAY SUPER STARS R CHOKING. I WOLD KEEP PLAYING THE PEOPLE THAT GOT ME THERE, AND USE THE OVER PAID SUPER STARS AS SUBS TILL THEY EARNED PERFORM LIKETHEY R SUPOSE TO.
nycpratl::this is a bad club.  Lin can't fix it; it's asking way too much of a guy with 15 games experience.  he shows promise but let's stop the silly names.  let the kid develop.  different leadership (start with the coach), different mix of players urgently needed.  by himself Lin is part of the solution.  if he stays that is ...
gambLINg.::Linsanity is not over is just on pause! Hater.
doctorjd23::so is the linsanity bs finally over
Exblast2u::It's so sad that these guys don't correct the serious issues they have with personal.I seen a few times D Antoni would not have Melo and Stat on the court @ the sometime that's an option til one or both get they scoring juice flowing. I never imagine i would utter thought i just expressed but it's hard to figure what will put the knicks back on the right track! It's sucks for me cus I'm a Knick fan Our best players aren't that great right now and it shows in our record and the chemistry.There is no Unity on offense?There's No unity on Defense?Try No TEAM UNITY!! I like Tyson not only cus he rebounds and blocks shots.But watch him on the Bench He loves his teammates and supports every member he's gets technical s from the bench (Yes i know it's not good but He supports TEAM ! Not always the best but OK!These Guys the TEAM leaders if they want to be or not people will expect MORE for the MORE money that you make to PRO-FORM so show the Fans your a professional.These guys lack pride it seems in the 90's Guys left it on the Court now it seems these New York Knicks leave it in the locker Room  : ( I have to come to grips with The New York Knicks ..This team?or group of guys @ the Local Court playing pick up.Are going to NEVER Ever EVER! Gonna see a NBA championship.Not even @ Home on the couch together....But maybe they should !They need to learn how to be a team forget plays. Lin. &amp; Melo think TEAM ! It sucks so much talent and No TEAM! I seen one play in the Bucks Game Late in the Fourth Milwaukee's 4 in the paint Lin played some of the best one on one all game in crunch time Lin stepped up.Contested Brandon's shot.The shot was off came off the rim meekly into waiting hands of the Milwaukee's 4 as Stat watched! Clearly Lin as no right to complain but at that moment i felt his pain He yelled @ Stat what looked like the same words i was thinking.Lin felt left out to Hang teamwork cover your teammates stickup for guys! They went into Miami Melo &amp; Stat left Lin out to Dry. Knowing He would be the focus and not stepping up to All that "We Hunting in South Beach" talk !Went Down to South Beach And got smacked up and left the Building!!So if this is the new school New York Knicks? I'm gonna wait for Patrick Ewing,Oak,Mase,Starks,and Doc to come walking through the Door
greatestyang::Who hyped up the "Linsanity" in the beginning? not Jeremy Lin. Now who's hyping up his "crash" ? not Jeremy Lin.   Through all these up and downs, he always has been a minimum wage NBA player given the chance to play more. I'm sure he is thankful to every game the Coach and others players play with him, and he will work to improve once the season is over. Because when you look at him, you see someone who's genuinely interested in playing basketball, not being a publicity stunt.
aaFOn132::Banana
Jamaal 43::The truth is, PG's are going at Lin hard !! Teams are making their point guard go off and at Lin all game.
yale203::Rubio is out for season with torn ACL.  That is too bad for him.  Sad to see someone go out like that.
Jamaal 43::Yea I agree. I thought he would suck in the NBA but the dude can ball !! Sad story
Pierre De Colo::That Asian dude is all Fluke.
taser555::CHOP SUEY
mdingus07::if dantoni has to go then who steps in? NO ONE!! Mike Woodson LMAO
Findy0918::It is very apprent Melo is trying to sabotage Lin
mdingus07::where's Sky-Walker when you need him..
mdingus07::breakout year for jeremy lin? they are 18 - 22 just 2 games ahead of bucks for 8th seed...
Knicks 8th Seed circa 1999::When will these BlTCH Melo haters realize the coach has to go?  Mike Dumb'Toni's idea of a perfect lineup is   3 SGs, 1 SF, and Josh Harrellson at CENTER.  OPEN YOU EYES, DUMB'TONI HAS TO GO
msnyc08::Beats throwing in an inbound to the defense because you are talking to the other team.
Findy0918::Melo is indeed $18 million liability.  No coach in NBA can be of any help when your star player shot a air ball three in the crunch time and missed free throw.
The Sonny G::when will these $@%!$ dantoni haters realize marshmelo has to go?  Marshmelos idea of a perfect game is  30% from the flow on 30 shots, 1 rebound, 1 asst, no defensive effort what ever, 3 turnovers  OPEN YOUR EYES, MARSHMELO HAS TO GO
Knicks 8th Seed circa 1999::Mike Dumb'toni's idea of a perfect line-up:&nbsp; &nbsp; PG: Barin Davis&nbsp; SG: Fields&nbsp; SF: Novak&nbsp; PF: Smith&nbsp; C: Melo&nbsp; &nbsp; PROBLEM???
Jamaal 43::The Knicks have lost a lot of tough close games this season. All most every loss this year was a close tough one  this season. I'm starting to think that the league is trying to teach the Knicks a lesson and in particular Melo. Melo was one of the main players fighting for the players during the NBA lockout. Some of these close loses has a lot of phantom plays. fouls and technicals that make me scratch my head. I think the league and David stern are on a mission.
msnyc08::I think there are good signs too.  Getting down by double digits is not a good one but they have made a # of huge sustained runs and at good teams and away from home to let you know the potential is there for both D and O.  IMHO everyone is too eager to see the Knicks suddenly rocket to the top of the East and contend for the title. Right now they are showing flashes (minus Melo) of good if not great potential.  Lin/Davis/FIelds/Amare/Chandler.
pistonfanstill::Jamaal  Dont worry about that angle.  The Knicks are the last team Stern would sabotage because they are unofficially the NBA's Home Team. The NBA would not do anything to hinder the Knicks becoming a viable contender especially in this economy.  Its been the injuries, Amare's mourning his brother and the breakout year for Lin.  They are still getting use to him at this level in a year where there's little practice time.  Now Baron Davis is coming around.  So the synergy is not there yet but there's still time though its unlikely the Knicks will get a higher seed then 6 it doesnt matter if the PGs learn where Melo wants it.  Amare's ahead because he knows Dantoni's system.  But Stern is not going to hurt the Knicks.  If they dont make it it will be because the team chemistry did not come together.  Look at it now, Chandler's out but the encouraging sign is the scoring of Melo and Amare with the number of assts from Lin and Davis.
Jamaal 43::I agree. I was just posting from the heart because every Knick loss is a close one. They rarely every get crushed in a game, it usually comes down to a bounce here or there, a weird foul or none-call etc. It's making me wonder tho but I feel you.
I have popcorn in my ears::LMAO
pistonfanstill::Despite the loss there are signs which point to a successful playoff run for the Knicks if Chandler comes back in time.  Lin and Baron Davis had good games feeding their 2 leading scorers.  This was a major problem lack of synergy with Lin to Melo and Amare due to their injuries and his lack of playing time at this level.  If Byrom's healthy and motivated then that gives them depth at the point few others have.  The Knicks can easily be seen making it to the Conference Finals despite what seems to be a confused regular season.  Again, provided there is not a health issue.
pistonfanstill::They will
I have popcorn in my ears::Dude - Knicks will be lucky to even MAKE they playoffs!!!
I have popcorn in my ears::In February, during a 15-game stretch when the Knicks were 10-5, they gave up 93 points per game. Over their last five games — five losses and all with Anthony — they are allowing 110 ppg. One night after allowing 117 in San Antonio, the Bucks topped it.
I have popcorn in my ears::Melo not only had Chauncey in Denver, he had Miller and Lawson.  If Lawson isn't a running PG, I don't know who is.  Ball movement STOPS when it gets to Melo. He's whining that the ball doesn't go thru him anymore.  That's who Melo is, and he's certainly not going to change now for some guy named Jeremy Lin...
pistonfanstill::Melo is a scoring SF with overall skills.  Since no one foresaw the emergence of Lin and due to Melo's and Amare's absence its taking awhile to jell.  One thing people should know is that Amare and Dantoni know how to use this from experience but Melo never had a running PG unless u count AI.  Billups was halfcourt.  Lin has Baron Davis backing him up so these games while painful will only get better by Playoffs as Lin gets use to where Melo wants it in game situations. I really believe that Melo is aware of how improved the PG situation is.
msnyc08::And career -4 while in game.
The Sonny G::what overall skills does he have? uhh lets see, Defensive man on man- below average; team defense- below average; leadership- none; shooting - below average; assist- nearly non existent; rebounding - below average;   he sucks straight up. there is not a single aspect to his game that is worthy of any praise. allegedly he is a great scorer. however the league average near .500 and he is a lifetime .400 player. how is that even considered good, let alone great?
Knicks 8th Seed circa 1999::shumpert= 5 mins= best knick defender  Mike Dumb'toni:  " I don't like defense.... I like scorers..."  Moron wannabe Knick fans have to realize this
Jamaal 43::lol Anybody see that picture of Lin with two honey's at a NY night club lol He's losing focus lol
lxyapril::come on! that's a long time ago..update your information please! sign..
rabbitoncat::that's a long time ago like mid Feb.
Knicks 8th Seed circa 1999::Top Knick defenders vs Bucks:&nbsp; &nbsp; 1) Tyson Chandler= DNP, injury&nbsp; 2) Iman Shumpert= 5 mins&nbsp; &nbsp; Food for thought for all you BlTCH Melo haters
The Sonny G::perfect no, how bout at least league average in any aspect of his game? can we get that at the very least for $20m?
Jamaal 43::Melo had one bad game this week and it was vs Dallas. I feel you  (knicks 8th seed circa 1999) it's like Melo has to be perfect in order for haters not to blame him for every thing
lxyapril::Lin+Chandler+Fields+Jeffery+Novak+Amare+D'antoni+Shumper=Team win. Melon+JR+BD....(best friends)= Personal Show Time... So I would say I prefer fire Melon!
Knicks 8th Seed circa 1999::These wannabe knicks fans are so blind. Trade melo? LOL  How about fire the dumb coach that thinks using 3 SGs, 1 SF, and 1 PF is a good lineup
pistonfanstill::The Bucks play everybody tough.  This is a game where people should expect the Knicks to win if Chandler's there as there seems to be a growing communication between Lin and that scoring Ft Court.  Knick fans should be encourage that this is a game where Lin, Amare and Melo have good stats but again the Bucks are no pushover just because they dont have Hyped-Players.
I have popcorn in my ears::Big deal.  EVERY team has injuries!  Not EVERY team is paying $18 frickin mil for a guy shooting 40% - the LOWEST since his rookie year.  Knicks should PUMMEL the Bucks WITHOUT Chandler.
The Sonny G::uhh so what is your point?  the knicks without melo and stat beat the 3 teams with much better records than the bucks. so take your $@%!$ $@%! and go stuff melos balls in your mouth.
lxyapril::T/O machine but can win, one SUPERSTAR is a scorer=loss of the game........Knicks 8th Seed circa 1999 you should open your blind eyes, and accept the fact, kid.....
The Sonny G::OMG you are too freakin stupid to even bother with. huh lets see, for a guy thats job is to handle the ball and distribute, which means he should average more turnovers a game, plust the fact that he is a rookie, and at best average player. huh lets see he is averaging 3.5 turnovers a game. as for your man crush marshmelo, a guy that is "allegedly" one of the best in the game, and one that never even passes the ball to anyone, therefore should have a very low rate; 3.0 per game.   you keep chugging that losers man juice.
Knicks 8th Seed circa 1999::Doesnt hurt the team?? he is a turnover machine you dumb h0.  where was ur humping of Lin after Miami or Boston?
The Sonny G::stop chugging down marsmelos man juice, at least lin gives an effort and doesn't hurt the team. and actually the team has more wins with lin than it does melo, even though melos played more games. what does that tell ya.
Knicks 8th Seed circa 1999::games won with melo&gt;&gt;&gt; games won with Lin  stop humping the flavor of the month you bandwagon wannabe fan
Knicks 8th Seed circa 1999::Baron Davis' defense &gt;&gt;&gt; Jeremy Lin's defense  actual fact
lxyapril::Yes better defense and plus with the almost NONE score..
Vjo33::To all you sad sack Knick fans who bought into the Lin travesty and are wearing his fairweather jersey....have fun watching him in the D league (going to his right) while marshmelo continues to destroy your team. Oh right...the Knicks have been destroyed since the 70's. Biggest joke team in sports history. The Knicks are a Cartoon team.
Findy0918::Lin should leave knicks for a better team.  he's only knick on the court wanted to win. everyone else just standing around
lxyapril::Especially our SUPERSTAR Marshmelo just standing around and watching the defense and rebounds..
Knicks 8th Seed circa 1999::Iman Shumpert = 5 mins
buckeyetjn80::knicks are a mess...carmelo and dantoni need to go. players that score BUT suck at D are overrated and not worth the roster spot. how do you have the offensive skills that melo has but he cant play a lick of defense?? its called laziness with  no heart
msnyc08::Lin in game = + points, + shooting %, lower opponent points. Melo in game opposite. Enough said.
black man 323::They play two very different positions
The Sonny G::a blind person plays better D then marshmelo, the guy sucks all around, there is not a single aspect to his game that is even average
Jamaal 43::Get your eyes checked out Lin and Amare's D sucks and you know it. Melo has better D than those two
Jamaal 43::Yea, like Amare and Lin's D are any better. Give me a break, Melo's D is better than Amare's and Lin's.
Jamaal 43::Yea, like Amare and Lin plays better D. Give me a break, Melo's D is better than both Lin and Amare's
Jamaal 43::The Knicks shot over 50 percent from the field !! The offense wasn't the problem.
Jamaal 43::Nice pass from Melo to Amare, he should have went to the free throw line. I'm starting to think the league doesn't like the Knicks (David Stern)
The Sonny G::no doubt the D sucks. but it is also a product of the offensive concept, run the ball constantly and outscore the other team, not necessarily stop them. the bigger problem is though Marshmelo sucks straight up. he has the lowest shooting % on the team, and he is SUPPOSED to be the most unstoppable offensive force. You can't outscore the other team when your "best" player is missing on near 70% of his shots.
nysportsrules::Dantoni has to go...................
ESPN2483::Melo priority will be double double, even if team lose.  Stat priority will be "Not to hurt his back again", so standing and jumpshot would be enough.  Combining these two gives Knicks a terrible defense. If these two are present in the starting lineup, you gotta have 3 other very good D players. And these two should be up to par with their shooting percentage to back up their lack of defense.     Tyson will give an utmost terrific defense, that comes with accidental blocking foul, understandable  Lin will try to win the game, pass the ball to open man, even if it means high turnover  Landry will help Lin if it's double team, Landry is an Acrobat like Mike Breen said, he will fill every position, jumpshot, alley-oops, defense  Shumpert will do an awesome defensive job, his D value provided by his steal at Raptor in 4th quarter, his ruffle at Dallas at MSG and Lin subsequent steal  Jeffries will fill up the open space when Lin tries to find an open man, he'll do a good D as well  Novak will come handy in 3 pointer, his last minute shot against Minnesota told us a lot, since then his shots are going up. But his role is not D. So when he's in the court, there's a compromise between 3 point and defense. If starting line up has 3 players with good D, his presence will boast the team by multiple of 3x.     BD is in good form with JR smith. BD and Melo still need to find a rhythm.  JR Smith, 3 pointers is where we saw his first appearance in MSG against Dallas, then all of his 3pointers gone. But he's good with BD. He can read BD minds but he can't seem to read Lin's mind yet.     So if D'Antoni need some analysis further for his team, he can contact me at   youneedadvice@gmail.com or I'll be teaching in Ivy League school.
ESPN2483::Does Carmelo become a 3-point shooter? or What?
savaronola::LOL at Novak's comments. If Lin's the 'real deal' gee, that's a shame because the Knicks are barely a .500 team this year or any year.  And their coach just ain't a playoffs coach. New York loves basketball but they'll turn on Lin at the first opportunity.
ESPN2483::Real deal does not equal to making a team to 0.500.
Das Racist 95::trade Andrew bogut and Stephen Jackson for Kevin martin right now Milwaukee!!!!
nillviod::just noticed carmelo was -5 for this game and lin was +13 (for the +/-), w 37 mins for Melo vs 41 for Lin :(
msnyc08::Melo is CAREER -5. Career. 'Real Deals' are Pierce and Allen who combine for plus 12.
Meloshitfood::MELO  ???CBA SF
The Sonny G::more like CBA SF &gt;&gt;&gt; Melo
