it is what it is::Off on another west coast trip.  This time:  Golden State (26 - 16), Phoenix (22 - 17), Sacremento (14 - 24), Denver (20 - 19), and finish at the Lakers (15 - 25).  They've already played the Clippers, Blazers, Jazz, Spurs and OKC on their first trip west in early December and went 3 - 2.  I'll take another 3 - 2 or better.  Pacers had better pack their defense in their suitcases cuz they are going to need it right away with the Warriors.  And yet another team that scores a TON of points (Golden State).  Can the Pacers hold them below 100?  90?  I guess we'll find out Monday night.  After the Phoenix game, the Pacers will be halfway through their 82 games.  Youth and health are two HUGE factors in the Pacers' season so far.
it is what it is::I thought the game might be a bit closer.  A 23 - 3 run gave the Pacers the cushion that L.A. couldn't overcome.  Paul George's dunk HAS to be a top ten play of the day on ESPN.  Lance needed just 3 more assists for another triple/double.  It was disappointing to see West do what he did at the end of the first half.  Was surprising to see him lose his cool like that.  I think L.A. thought they Pacers would roll over for them after that.  They didn't even play Hibbert OR Scola in the fourth quarter and still won by 14!   At any rate, 21 and 1 at home.  8 - 2 against the western conference and 32 - 7 overall.  Best in the league.  Defense does it again.  Another team held way under their average.  George and Stephenson are the most fun tandem to watch in the league right now.
DAVID::Glad to see a small market team be dominant at least for this year so far.
If its brown, flush it down::Clippers need to step up defense and get some easy scores in transition or they are dead. Pacers are a good half-court team and the best in the East.
HORSESHOE::This Pacers team is REALLY good.  GO PACERS!
Google It::The only question remaining is, barring a major injury, who will the Pacers meet in the Finals?
PKM::This Clipper team is pretty hot to be getting 9.5 points but Indiana is a beast.
lukie::The Clippers playing a Back to back having to fly from L.A to N.Y and  Indy without Cp3 of course the pacers were going to win are you not surprised? Look at how the game started the Clippers couldn't hit a shot while the Pacers were on fire! What happen when Indy played the Clippers there 1st game at L.A with Chis paul? They won by a lucky 3 pointer.You know what the funny thing is the Clippers haven't played with all 5 starting players healthy for longer then a week lol J.J was out for 8 weeks and now Paul is out for 6 weeks and they still have the 4th best record in the west and are 18-3 at home if the Clippers had there starting 5 Healthy they would've won this game easily. I am rooting for the Pacers to beat the Heat they better not Disappoint.Indy at home 19-1 record if they get HC there going to the Finals! Sorry Pacer fans you wouldn't be as good if you were playing the WEST not the LEAST! All the games the Pacers have lost come from western teams the only 2 eastern conference teams who beat them were the pistons and Heat
Jay Jay::Pacers will win. To bad Paul is out. way to many injury this season
it is what it is::The Clips took care of the Knicks last night.  Now it's time to sit back and watch a "real team" show you how it's done.  New York fans are rodents.  That is all that inhabits New York, one of the filthiest cities in the world.  Everything there looks dirty including the people.
