yahhboyrandy::$@%! the clippers
xmanfolife::How is Hill gonna get on the court w/ Barnes playing at a high level....along w/ Butler playing so solid.  Major blunder if Vinny cuts into both of those guys minutes for an aging Hill......whom they didn't even need n the first place.
huskerhound402::Vinny del negro is just fine. You people who think the clippers need to abandon ship because of one game are dillusional. And yes the clippers are still better then the lakers that was proved when they just recently played. Lakers fans are scared so they want to run the clips down any way they can. Playoffs here we come!
xmanfolife::LA counts title wins......not playoff wins.
LALoyalFan::How can this team lose against a horrendous Magic team at home? Grant Hill is not adding depth to this. He should mentor this team instead of playing with them.
Gabriel Night::The Clips played a way better overall game against the Magic than the Knicks and Heat recently, they just fell a bit short against a team that wanted it more. The Magic play HARD till the final buzzer, try watching the game(s).   No shame in a loss here for the Clips, GG.
BudokaiJones::Best record or not, they're still the Clips, perennial laughingstock of the NBA. Someone should tell Griffin and crew that before they go on in their interviews about how this loss was below them. You don't get to talk that way until your team actually accomplishes something. Good job Magic,
Stan Verets Lisp::Magic need to play Nicholson more.
Pavel0636::all i know C's would love to have LA clippers at finals
nba is the worst::Wow - did the refs think the Miami heat were at Staples last night?  19-6 ftas Magic, classic home court disadvantage!
trizzo23::i see you did not watch the game
Virgomused::Jj Redick &gt; Jamal Crawford
CandySparker::;)
owlville::Can someone please tell me why JJ Redick does not start....
trizzo23::one name...afflalo
Gabriel Night::JJ prefers to play off the bench IIRC.
OPENLYUGLY::When starters come out, you need scoring options to come in.
yomoman01::All good things come to an end at one point and this was the case with the Clippers.  Teams are scouting and approaching the Clippers as they do with the Miami Heat....With hunger and a point to prove that they can beat a great team.  Not to mention, even the best teams can lose to any team in any given night.  Also, I've been watching the Orlando Guards and they've been shooting "lights out" lately.  In regards to the Lakers, the will be the talk of every NBA watercooler conversation for months to come.  At this point, I can only see them get better and find some type of groove once they have their big men back from injuries.  If I had to pick an LA team to cheer for, I would go with the Clippers...  And how about Matt Barnes???  He's balling...Hope he continues to play well especially that I picked him up on my Fantasy Basketball league... :)
fairandbalanced00::Anyone thinks the lakers are better than the clips after this loss??
STEVE6163656::Magic beat the Lakers here too
sautan::STUPID LAC. ELITE TEAMS DO NOT LOSE TO CRAPPY TEAM, ESPECIALLY AT HOME. MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT. TRADE DJ AND WILLIE GREEN FOR SOME OTHER CENTERS AND BETTER SHOOTING GUARD. REPLACE VINNY DEL NEGRO. CRAPPPPPPPP....LOSING TO FREAKING MAGICS...WHAT A F&gt;&gt;&gt;KING JOKE. LUCKY I WAS ON THE PLANE BACK FROM CHINA, OTHERWISE, MY $$$ WAS GONE!!!!!
kaylas krew::Look at the heat, they lost to crappy teams Every elite team loses to crappy teams
Virgomused::So you want to trade for MORE players!?!? You have Paul, griffin,billups, hill, butler, Jordan, Barnes. This team is full of talent. You don't need anymore players. You need to get rid of negro.
OPENLYUGLY::The Magic are not as bad as their record. They did have a 4 game winning streak when the second round of injuries hit. And for a 10 game losing streak, they've lost very close, last minute games to top teams.
ThunderHornz::Actually, elite teams do lose to lesser teams. Hablas "trap game"?
Jesse07771::Funny how lakers look awful right now but IF they make the playoffs, they will go further than the overated clippers. Unless if they think their bench is going to carry them the whole way cause the only starter I trust is CP3.
jasondmce1978::Looks like Grant Hill is back.  This bench is going to be insane when Chauncey returns.
TheCronoMasterMind::Watching the rerun of the Magic/Clippers game and wow. Harkless and Ish had some sick dunks. The Magic had some very fancy passing going on. Glad to see this fight coming from 13 down multiple times. 17 points in the losing streak separates us from this 13-23 record, and a 19-17 record. This team plays A LOT of close games, especially against the good teams.
UAmatt89::Lol. Everyone saying the Thunder are better than the Clips because of this loss. Remember when the Wizards beat OKC this year?
-cha cha chia.::The Thunder were already better than the Clippers before this loss...
Jesse07771::Are u seriously tryna say the clips are better than thunder?
Liam6552::clitter fans are all over this page when these pus*ies win but when they lose............ crickets... Fukcing bandwagon cowards.. Typical.. An embarrassing fan base rooting for an embarrassing franchise.. LOSERS
SECReignWillNeverCease::Jameer Nelson   &gt; CP3
OPENLYUGLY::Ish Smith was a +9, Nelson -6.
Meninga::CP3 is one of the top 3 players in the world; try again.
TheMagicFanGuy::He just wasn't top 3 tonight, right? Loser.
Genious24::Cassidy Hubbarth of ESPN is Half-Filipino.
ChumRoastBeef::Trollllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
ChumRoastBeef::Is anyone still here?
1dunbar::afflalo and nelson &gt; kobe and nash
kaylas krew::Like that
lop o gop a nop::IDIOT
TheMagicFanGuy::Well they did beat the Lakers...
supe540::Warriors know all about the Magic.
SeminoleCounty::I'm really liking the way Afflalo's been playing this season.. Stepped up and plays hard for every game.
RealZoo::<b>Really want to take the Clippers seriously and then this happens...SMH</b>
Telkalynn3013::Orlando are not pushovers.  Check their scores and don't let the record fool you.
BavarianM3::take the thunder
BavarianM3::I really don't want to see another OKC vs MIA final. Last thing I want is to watch a final with Lebron in it.
Galaxyyyy::I'd say the Pacers or the Bulls are the only two that could.
James Harden 3 point Celebration::who can stop Miami lol
brendan36165::no one in the eastern conference thats for sure
brendan36165::then i suggest you dont watch the finals
Todogg69::http://trevoroleary.com/ thats how
FrankPisFACTio211::Umm, just how exactly did THIS happen?
flcaliguy::This seems to be true, they always do well at Staples vs both LA teams, dont know why.
MagicBoltzRays::The Magic love playing in Staples Center.
Bevonator69::OKC is officially the best team.
buckshotz17::You mean the same Thunder that got beat by the Wizards??
BavarianM3::thanks to KD and Sam Presti
BavarianM3::Bevonator69 - KD is a beast.  KD is not a beast...He's a juggernaut!!
Bevonator69::KD is a beast.
ddd007ddd::d heat really don't  hv a reason 2 play competitive basketball,they know they will make d playoff,y border?.....................but come playoff,its a different ball game
sean373::And Durant sure as hell cant guard James...lawsl Chalmers and Battier punked KD last year
ddd007ddd::i wouldn't be too sure of that,rmbr xmas day?for one,OKC lacks what Harden can potentially bring2d table,Kmart  hardly drives to d paint.............if  played2day,Heat wld still win,howbeit 4-3 game series
BavarianM3::lmao^^^
BavarianM3::lol to the people who think heat can repeat. Don't see it. They played a young thunder team with no Final experience. Let's see them win 4 straight against the thunder again. And with the way KD is playing, good luck lebron trying to stop that. Lebron can't guard Durant.
BavarianM3::can even take care of the magic lol OKC #1
Telkalynn3013::Orlando took Miami into overtime and lost by two, swept Golden State and beat both LA teams.  Don't sleep on them, they're not as bad as their record indicates.
Virgomused::Mayn't?
ddd007ddd::d magic team is a really good team,OKC mayn't hv done better
Blake Wiffin 32::i officially hate the clippers
ChicagoSingh::Aaron Afflalo lit up the Cluppers LOL
nba is the worst::Wow, were the Clipps watching football in the 4th Q?
leex5048::Flacco gets the Victory!!
phunky58::44 is the magic man
phunky58::this is what happens when andrew gets his mins
Alex47666::1 OKC 2 CLIPPPERS 3 HEAT  4 SPURS  5 GRIZZ 6 BULLS 7 KNICKS 8 WARRIORS  9 NUGGETS  10 PACERS
Chris31708::Spurs&gt;Heat
Alex47666::its arguable both teams have lost to the knicks
leex5048::Flacco with the BOMB!!!!
Telkalynn3013::I'm messing with you.
leex5048::Just keeping the people updated
Telkalynn3013::Leex on the WRONG PAGE!!!
gfugi8888.::The Heat are 11-7 against the EAST  But they are 12-4 against the WEST
Yup I am here.::Hmm. Great stats. Never looked at that
leex5048::^^^ This troll. I saw your stats. Responded to them with better stats. Gave facts. OKC has the best record int he league. Fact.
leex5048::DandifiedOsprey - better stats? by your opinion. look below. calling me a troll every post doesnt help your case  And ignoring my stats doesn't help yours. I thought you were done lol. Just don't know when to quit huh?
DandifiedOsprey::better stats? by your opinion. look below. calling me a troll every post doesnt help your case
leex5048::How about you look at my response
DandifiedOsprey::im done with you. like i said before, you only see your stats and disregard anyone elses. by the way, that defines a troll
leex5048::Lol.... 2 trolls on 1 board. Wow. You and I both know I just posted these stats about OKC
DandifiedOsprey::look at my response
leex5048::oh no gfugi is back.
DandifiedOsprey::you just cant rebuttal after someone shows stats. you see only your stats and think you are always right
gfugi8888.::OKC has only 3 losses against the West, but 5 against the East
The_JTrain::the poop squad has zero wins against the giz....
Telkalynn3013::People will look at the records and think the Magic should have been blown out.  If you've watched them this year you'll know they play EVERYBODY hard.  Give them two years with Jacque Vaughn and they will be no joke.
springfresh3.1::Yep and it seems they have a better of flow without that diva
Kobe Beast Bryant::Well, bout to troll on the Heats board and hope they lose...later.
DandifiedOsprey::see ya there, lol
leex5048::OKC got the best record in the league! They're 16-3 in the Western conference. Do you see how deep the Western conference is this year. 10 - 5 on the road. 18 -3 at home. Both are leading the league.
leex5048::And you like to disregard the fact that I responded to your stats with better stats. You don't make your schedule. A W is a W and an L is an L. OKC has the best record in the league. They have the best conference record in the league in the better conference of the 2. They are tied for the best road record and have the best home record.
leex5048::DandifiedOsprey - btw. please be on the heat kings board tonight  Why would I be on the Heat board? I have a life and things to do. It's Saturday night
leex5048::DandifiedOsprey - im getting annoyed with you. a troll disregards facts, which you are doing. if you cannot see that playing more losing teams than winning teams pads your record, there is no point of debating with you  You've been saying you're done. I don't understand how you say I ignore facts and yet you don't. Tsk tsk
DandifiedOsprey::btw. please be on the heat kings board tonight
DandifiedOsprey::im getting annoyed with you. a troll disregards facts, which you are doing. if you cannot see that playing more losing teams than winning teams pads your record and point differential, there is no point of debating with you
leex5048::DandifiedOsprey - WHAT THE FUCKK ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT. any regular season record (overall, road, or home) loses, not all, but most credibility when a majority of your games are against losing teams  Wow. What's up the the ALL CAPS? Are you a little butthurt that my stats and facts are better than yours or are you just mad that your trolling tactics are poor?
DandifiedOsprey::WHAT THE FUCKK ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT. any regular season record (overall, road, or home) loses, not all, but most credibility when a majority of your games are against losing teams. is it really that hard to understand?
leex5048::I gave you 3 stats. Conference record, road record, and scoring differential. Also every nba teams plays each other at least twice. Move around troll
DandifiedOsprey::hahaha you like to disregard facts. at this point in the season, not every team has played twice. thats evident when they have played 19 games against sub .500 teams when the average among playoff teams is around 13 to 14. you must be butthurt to be calling me a troll
leex5048::I did. Go check the previous post further down the board. This was my post responding to your stats kid.
DandifiedOsprey::thats the stat you use. scoring differential? i hope it would be big when playing 19 games against bad teams
DandifiedOsprey::they have played 19 games against below .500 teams, 17 against above .500 teams and have lost 8 games. they havent really proven anything yet...more 3 fans like this.  16 Minutes Ago
DandifiedOsprey::i responded to your stats about their regular season record with stats that show they have played more teams under .500 than over .500. you didnt respond to my stats
leex5048::DandifiedOsprey - hahahaha thats your reply to the statistics i gave. a no reply would have sufficed. by the way im a heat fan. and trolling doesnt describe me because i use stats to debate other nba teams  Did I not just give stats in my post?
DandifiedOsprey::hahahaha thats your reply to the statistics i gave. a no reply would have sufficed. by the way im a heat fan. and trolling doesnt describe me because i use stats to debate other nba teams
leex5048::They liked it before I posted my stats. How many fans like it now? And when are you heading over to troll on the Heat board?
springfresh3.1::so far but I wouldnt start getting giddy till after the break
springfresh3.1::I wasnt implying anyone Im just saying best records mean squat till after the break when the teams really turn it up
leex5048::Who got giddy?
springfresh3.1::cant win them all
Knicks fans hate Lebron because he gave them Carmelo::yeah the heat has 6 days off after this road trip, lbj could use the rest
The_JTrain::wade and bosh have been good as of late
The_JTrain::they are definitely beatable no doubt about it.  I think one of the stronger teams in the east could take them down with a little luck
Kobe Beast Bryant::Bosh is getting owned down there in the paint. But yea, I can say Wade has been playing "decent". But everybody else is trash...I thought I seen a stat that outside the big 3, the team is avg 15 points a game...between 5-6 players, thats awful.
Kobe Beast Bryant::Lbj is fine, but he is getting no help....period.
Kobe Beast Bryant::wow, off game for the Clips, shouldn't have lost that game. But I have to say, Griffin is working, he is getting better and better every year. Can't say the same with D12.
DandifiedOsprey::not much of an off game when griffin puts up 30 8 and 7, and paul has 16 assists. they just got outplayed
DandifiedOsprey::he only shot 52%. its not like he was on fire
Kobe Beast Bryant::Defensively Clips are every good, no way Affalo scores 30 like that on a good night for the Clips.
676Rob::knicks=garbage and an easy first round exit
MyteamwillbeNBAChamps::not an easy first round exit... but given their recent history and Melo's entire history in the league, it wouldn't surprise me if they lost in round 1 again...
The_JTrain::yet the knicks still won a game with Mike bibby as their starting pg and injuries to pretty much all of their back court.  The heat look kind of beatable. just sayin.  could be wrong but i saw that mavs team and I see this knicks team and they look very similar
MyteamwillbeNBAChamps::once in 9 seasons... as im sure u know, 1st round exit every other year... that said, Miami's D is too elite in the playoffs for this team to beat them... they need 12-15 threes for 4 different games to beat Miami... not going to happen, Novak disappeared last year, JR Smith shot terribly and Melo couldn't get Lebron off of him
The_JTrain::given the fact that this team is built in the same mold as the champion mavericks it wouldn't surprise me if they won the title.  also, Melo has been to the WCF
The_JTrain::k
The_JTrain::what else do u say to this garbage?
676Rob::lol
ESPNisBSNEWZ::classic response to a troll
Sportsfan61679::People forget the Heat won the title last year on youth and speed (fastbreak points after TOs).  This season they play 81 games and expect them to be tired and the older team smarter and ready for the playoffs unlike last year.  Heat didn't play anyone good in the Eastern conference last year.  They will have to contend against a better Celtics and Knicks team this year.
trizzo23::nba helped them out again...no other team gets 6 days off
DandifiedOsprey::.
The_JTrain::I have a feeling Lebron is going to show signs of fatigue at some point
DandifiedOsprey::keep in mind that the heat have a 6 day period without any games, two weeks of games, then the all star break. plenty of time to rest and recover
Knicks fans hate Lebron because he gave them Carmelo::i hope not but he does need rest
The_JTrain::ehhhh, he's playing sooo many minutes and I've never seen him have so many dings in the regular season
Sportsfan61679::he usually cries to the media when he feels like 35 mins/game is too much
MyteamwillbeNBAChamps::a feeling or a wishful thought?
The God of Trolls Returns for the 6th Time::The Heat will get tired and older teams will be younger and faster? I don't get it
DandifiedOsprey::they will not be tired. every elite team (heat thunder clips spurs, etc) will sit their stars over the last 2 or 3 games.
Knicks fans hate Lebron because he gave them Carmelo::lebron isnt human, wade is playing less minutes, and bosh will be ready
Sportsfan61679::older team will be able to rest their older players since more games.  Heat rely on LBJ, Wade, and Bosh all the time and they will be tired.
