henryredskins::Dirk playing well as of late.  Only Mav all star though. http://www.loveboatsports.com/2012/02/lone-stars-in-texas-tony-parker-and.html
MosBlunted::http://digg.com/news/sports/is_jeremy_lin_the_real_deal_jbp_jbp POLL | Is Jeremey Lin the real deal? Too early to tell? Clear dud? Let me know! Please vote!
JCostalez::Cant watch nba anymore after that crap call against okc... im convinced now that the zebras are out for the blazers... i mean 9 of there 13 loses are within 6 points... its kind of getting ridiculous... and i just HAVE to hate on the mavs because of last years playoff run... should have won by 1 game... NBA just needs to quit and the ABA should start back up...
jkrieger96::Or...the Blazers could play better...ya know??
DirkFTW81::Sounds like a lot of excuses to me. Mavs have been the target of bad referring countless times. It happened to us also against OKC. OKC is the league's darlings this year.  And how exactly should your team have won by 1 game in last years playoffs? Mavs won that series fair and square.
BlazersWar::GG Mavs ... the Blazers wouldve need that win more than your Mavs but well, no welfare I guess
Metta_World.Hate::Haha, suck it, Abbott.  The Trailblazers suck.  You'll grow hair before they win a title.
zero_reincarnated::pizza
zero_reincarnated::pizza
Mavsolute_Beast_41::you must be the most butt hurt blazer fan around..most of them are cool
DirkNowitzki4President::Can't wait for next season when Dallas brings in Dwight Howard and Deron Williams to pair up with Dirk. This might be even bigger then the Dallas Cowboys.  Dirk, Dwight, and DWILL (3D)  GO MAVS!!!!!
eliassteve::Mavs &gt; Cowboys
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Mavs &gt; Every other sport franchise
winfield47::8 games tonight, only 1 home team won
Mavsolute_Beast_41::it sucks to play at home apparently
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::lol just realized that now
eliassteve::Dirk is a hall of fame player,  will go down as one of the all time greats for the game. LMA-0 is just another rasheed wallace without a ring.
DirkFTW81::I'm a Mavs fan but I see no reason to insult LA. He hit a clutch shot in regulation and clutch shot in the first OT. He is like Dirk earlier in his career in that he's the best player on his team but doesn't have the right players around him to win a Championship. LA is one of the few stars in the League I respect who's not wearing a Mavs uni.
eliassteve::Aldridge is a Rasheed Wallace. A good player at his prime which is= Rasheed Wallace at his prime. But he is not even close to measuring up to Dirk.
BigDtown09::.
eliassteve::It was really evident in last years playoffs
BigDtown09::Aldridge is a great player, but he ain't Dirk. This is obvious.
winfield47::He hasnt been in the league that long, and has played better this season than Dirk. He isn't even in his prime yet.
jahraffe3::You and your fellow four "fans" are way off. Dirk did those things in his NINTH year. Aldridge is in his fifth. Better luck next time.
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::Dirk won a regular season mvp and took his team to the nba finals at this time of Aldridge career. I like Aldridge a lot but you can't compare him to Dirk.
yuriytown::get out of here idiot
R Bond::Mavs are deep.  Realize that once the coach is comfortable with their team defense that you will see more of Vince &amp; Odom late in games.  Where is Roddy?  You would think that he would be fired up by Linsanity since the Mavs released Lin to keep him.  Young fella?!
DirkFTW81::Roddy is 5th in guard depth behind Kidd/West VC/JET. He was getting burn while Kidd was hurt, but you probably won't see much of him anymore as long as everyone is healthy.
jpark1414::head to head power forward position here we go season stats   GP	GS	MIN	FGM-A	FG%	3PM-A	3P%	FTM-A	FT%	OR	DR	REB	AST	BLK	STL	PF	TO	PTS  dirk 23 23 32 6.8-14.6 .46 0.7-2.7 .25 3.9-4.4 .88 0.6 5.5 6.1 2.3 .7 .8 2.2 1.7 18.3  L.A. 27 27 36.9 9.3-18.3 .50 0.0-0.2 .20 4.3-5.4 .79 3.0 5.5 8.5 2.8 .8 1.1 3.1 2.1 23.0  stats dont include tonight but aldridge again had better stats
jpark1414::true that it will never come for aldridge until he gets out just like what happened to k.g. maybe the lakers should try and get him for kobe
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::What makes Dirk special is that he never left Dallas so he can play with another Superstar. He was the the only superstar on his team and took them to 2 NBA Finals in 2006 and 2010
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::Aldridge and KD are awesome but both need a ring to be like Dirk
Ashcroft10::OMFG a home team won
drac1100::Does getting this team to perform as they have emphasize how good of a coach Carlise is?
jpark1414::hahahahah
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::Carlisa is one of the best coaches in the NBA and he knows when to call timeouts unlike coaches of other teams that just let their players play and do a silly mistake.
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::Mavs are defending Nba Champions
eliassteve::LMA-0
Kobelies247::God i love watching basketball on tv!!  Brandon Roy
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::Brandon Roy was the best Portland player
KevinDurantFan56::lol
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::I remember when people in the beginning of the year were saying mavs will have a losing record by now. We might be the oldest team in the NBA but were still exceeding expectations and are now the #4 seed in the West. I'm glad the team I support has won more the 50 games 10 consecutive year and made the playoffs 10 straight years with 2 NBA Final appearances. Glad I never had to experience the lottery like fans of other teams.
DirkFTW81::I experienced the lottery plenty, being a lifelong Mavs fan. 90's were a terrible time to be a Mavs fan, but it makes last years championship just that much sweeter.
turboman101::11 STRAIGHT YEARS
Thescronick33::Man Its time to get rid of this bum crawford and let batum and elliot play a little more or even try to make a trade for deron williams or mo williams or steve nash. Its pathetic how crawford just dribbles up and immediately shoots a contested mid range or 3pt jumper. Awful. My team cant be good with these terrible players playing point so its time for a change.
bigdogboy42::Felton is worse.
kzwider::Kobe now knows who Jeremy Lin is haha what a $@%!$@ Kobe can be ...you guys see that interview? http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/kobe-meets-jeremy-lin.html
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::Lin owns Kobe like how the Mavs own Portland
BlazerSully::6-23, could we please stop the Crawford experiment?  IMO, he's the biggest reason for the Blazers woes this year.  I said back in late December, this guy will shoot us out of more games than he'll shoot us back in.
jkrieger96::False...Felton and Wes are the reasons for our woes
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::I still can't believe Portland drafted Oden over Durant. That team would be loaded with Longhorn talent in KD and LA. Good win for Dallas. Go Mavs
drac1100::Blazersully, you realize that the mavs essentially threw this season (though they are playing pretty well despite throwing pieces together) to restock the franchise this summer right?  Outside of Miami, OKC and Chi I would say the mavs are the least likely of any other team in the NBA to be in the lottery for the next 6-8 years.
jpark1414::once dirk leaves yes the mavs will be a lottery team and they are not going anywhere this year
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::but hurt Portland fan
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Dirk's 15 foot jumper at the end was amazing
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::pure clutchness
PortlandBlazers1004::The importance of Roy's clutchness is being shown so much this season. I don't think we have won any close games. It's either a comfortable win or we lose at the end. Aldridge needs to prove he can be a closer and Felton needs to prove he can be a point guard.
broyhofbound::As much as I agree, LA was clutch, he can't do it alone tho
Snakes_::I agree. As much as I hate to admit it. Roy would've been enough to put portland over the top in this game.
PortlandBlazers1004::And the other 6 games we lost by 3 points or less or 9 games we lost by 6/7 or less.
roymullins::The teams met for the first time since the Mavericks won a six-game series in the opening round of last season's Western Conference playoffs. Before Saturday night's game, Dallas coach Rick Carlisle called that six-game set "as hard a series as we had. They play a tough, physical playoff style even in the regular season." The Mavs went on to capture their first NBA title.  ---------------------- and Portland lost a playoff series in the first round for a league record seventh time...
jpark1414::roy mullins is an idiot hahahaha
roymullins::uhhh... do I really need to explain it?
jpark1414::not even close between aldridge and dirk. aldridge is so much better then him this year.
jpark1414::head to head power forward position here we go season stats            GP	GS	MIN	FGM-A	FG%	3PM-A	3P%	FTM-A	FT%	OR	DR	REB	AST	BLK	STL	PF	TO	PTS dirk     23 23   32    6.8-14.6  .46          0.7-2.7    .25         3.9-4.4    .88         0.6  5.5   6.1           2.3   .7    .8    2.2   1.7  18.3 L.A.     27 27  36.9  9.3-18.3 .50           0.0-0.2   .20          4.3-5.4    .79         3.0  5.5   8.5           2.8   .8    1.1  3.1    2.1   23.0 stats dont include tonight but aldridge again had better stats
jpark1414::i didnt say anything about the PAST i said this year he is better and he is. Its not even close dirk is having one of his worst seasons ever and he didnt deserve to make the all star team and he even said that. Aldridge on the other hand is having a career year and he is playing better PERIOD.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::17-11 &gt; 15-13 1-0 in the season head to head Period.
roymullins::Aldridge's team has NEVER won a playoff series...
roymullins::Aldridge has NEVER played in an all-star game
jahraffe3::Until this year chucker.
Snakes_::aldrige is almost the same age dirk was when he won a league MVP and brought the Mavs to the Finals.   Do you think Aldridge will EVER do that?
Mavsolute_Beast_41::aldridge lost...go take a nap now
jpark1414::lol really you think dirk led them to the victory tonight? yeah right jason terry and delonte west led them to the win not dirk im pretty sure he was 7-20 shooting and 4-14 after halftime. with a -5 plus minus lol. aldridge is better hands down
zburris::the attention Dirk brings opens up the court for others   Nowitzkis presence alone and how defenses play him leads to victories
Dirk2XMVP::Let me know when Aldridge is a 11 Time All-Star, Regular Season MVP, Finals MVP, and NBA Champion.
Dirk2XMVP::Aldridge is a great player but I'd rather have the player that leads to more victories.
Brianhau529::Blazers = most unclutch team ever
Way Klaro::Why the Mavs never take a look at Lin? Mavs has a chance to pick-up Lin.
CaptainKirkman::They offered him more money than Golden State, but he chose the Warriors so he could've played close to home
Way Klaro::Good for basketball. Good for the fans!
CaptainKirkman::The kid can flat out play though. Happy for him
Way Klaro::I see!
CaptainKirkman::A win's a win, but we need to fix our 2nd half problems. Dirk was great and Lamar looked pretty comfortable out there. Now we gotta get some rest and prep for Lob City. GO MAVS!
jpark1414::hahaha ask lebron who is playing better TODAY not in the past hell ask anyone... the answer.... LAMARCUS
jpark1414::oh man the lasgt 4 games that is so amazing... so what was he averaging before that?
Mikslik1::One more thing, Dirk's shot won the game tonight- made it a 4 point lead with 10 seconds
jpark1414::dirk was great??? hhahahahahah dirk sucks check out his stats when dirk was out they actually played better
Mikslik1::Dirk sucks? Dirk sucks? Which league are you watching? Ask Kobe and Lebron if Dirk sucks....
Dirk2XMVP::Just one bad game. That is why the Mavs are the deepest team in the nba. Dirk has averaged 28ppg the last 4 games.
Way Klaro::Let's Go Mavs!
bgamron::Don't know how anybody can hate on the Mavs. They are all class act veterans who have done it the right way.
jpark1414::and man you keep just bringing other things up because once agian i never said anything about primes i said today and this season so maybe you should go jerk a monkey off hahaha i could care less if im classy
jpark1414::aldridge is 26
jpark1414::lol once again i could give two $@%!$ about them winning the championship.. or the future of the past! im saying at this date 2/11/12 lamarcus aldridge out played dirk! and im saying this season 2011-2012 aldridge has out played him so you can go shove that up your loose booty hole from taking the mavs wangers in it nightly hahaha.
griffin550::It's funny because I never denied that Aldridge has played better this year. But in their primes, Dirk is better. I'm sorry that your Trailblazers lost the game but trolling ESPN doesn't make you as cool as you think. I actually thought that Trail blazer fans were classy?
griffin550::jpark you are a $@%!$@% moron. When they retire, Dirk will be known as the better player. Also, if you think that stats have anything to do with if a team is a class act, then you are an idiot. People only hate the Mavs because they are jealous that they won last year. Stop crying $@%!$.
BlazerSully::Aldridge is 27 you f'in idiot, he has plenty of time to make his mark in this league.  And yes, HE OWNED DIRKKA DIRKKA tonight!
jpark1414::yep that made sense man. i know enough to know that 7-20 is not a good shooting night... i know enough that a negative plus minus is not good i also know enough that dirk got out played by lamarcus clearly and aldridge is clearly playing better this year.
jpark1414::class act yeah dirk goes out every call he b.itches to the refs and hounds them all night cant hit a jumper then when he finally does he talks crap like he is the greatest thing on earth mean while aldridge killed them all night clearly showing who is better
Memnoch9299::jpark1414 you are a nuthugging idiot who knows jack squat about the history of the NBA without having to Google it
texasrami::Comment removed.
Go Laker Nation::At least Jason Terry can always say he thoroughly outplayed Lebron James in the NBA Finals
Kobelies247::Blazers lose Knicks win again!!!
Hightop-fade::I'm just letting you know that I think your meaningless posts are annoying and you should try to think before you post more drivel just to get a reaction.
Kobelies247::Im sorry the blazers lost :)
Hightop-fade::If not, I'm sorry. Genetics is a game of chance.
Hightop-fade::You do realize that's an insult to you I hope.
Kobelies247::lol
Hightop-fade::Thanks for clarifying that for me. Judging by your comments I'm sure you are a very productive member of society.
Kobelies247::I dont like my own commets cupcake :) i have a life!
Hightop-fade::Yeah it is. I have to dumb myself down to make you understand me.
Kobelies247::Not my fault youre not very smart :)
Hightop-fade::Trying to process your last comment is the only moment I've ever been truly lost.
Hightop-fade::Uh....thanks for proving my point
Kobelies247::SO tacky to comment on something you have no idea wtf youre talking about :)
Hightop-fade::So tacky to like your own comment.
Kobelies247::I didnt but i will in 30sec watch
CamNewtonRising::I know Dallas won,but man ...........LA pounded Dirk,time to hang it up Dirk
jpark1414::there is a reason that dirk didnt guard him if he did it wouldnt have been 33 it would have been 53 lol. dirk had 20 on 20 shots not good, dont even say that this was a good game because it was not
DirkNowitzki4President::What do you mean pounded Dirk? Haywood was the one who was blocking Aldridge
DirkNowitzki4President::Stop being a Hater. Dirk last 5 Games: 24, 30, 25, 33, and today 20.
Go Laker Nation::I was rooting for Mavs vs that Chump Heat Squad
BigDtown09::Hating the Heat brought the whole country (outside Miami) together
kcspatel41::There is a bunch of unnecessary compressed games in this lockout season. I think the nba should have had a shorter schedule. Games like this doesn't show who's better just shows who had the most energy.
BigDtown09::No way they should've played any more than 60 games, owners were greedy though, wanted more ticket sales.
kcspatel41::That actually makes sense. I believe the owner's should be greedy (otherwise we probably we would have a longer lockout) just not to this crazy extent.
DirkNowitzki4President::agreed. These back to back games really hurt teams.
DirkNowitzki4President::Dirk 1 Legged Fade away can't be stopped
turboman101::Circumstantial my a$$
Hightop-fade::That was circumstantial.
Hightop-fade::The mavs were -5pts with Dirk in the game.
MavsOwnYourArse::Really? Because I saw him win the game...
Hightop-fade::uh...I'd say Dirk going 7-20 is pretty much stopping him.
MavsOwnYourArse::Every team knows what Dirk can do, how he does it, and they still can't stop him.
FanofTexas28::Mavs roster in '06 outside of Dirk: Devin Harris, Jerry Stackhouse, Erick Dampier, Desagana Diop, Keith Van Horn, Jason Terry, Marquis Daniels, Juwan Howard. Wow, and we nearly won it all.
Memnoch9299::What a shame that Josh Howard's career has been a bust in most respects to this point. When he's healthy and mentally focused he can play but injuries and a lack of focus etc have derailed him. Not sure how he's doing this year but since coming into the league is what I meant
FanofTexas28::Right. I knew I was missing somebody obvious.
gt1master_ike::Yall had a good team that year.  REemmeber devin harris was shutting down tony parker in the WCF
texasrami::Josh howard?
bgamron::Gotta watch out for that deadly Laker bench led by Steve Blake and Andrew Goudelock...
Go Laker Nation::watching out for David Stern blocking trades is the big thing
FanofTexas28::What about Metta???
Go Laker Nation::Wolves gave 19 million to JJ Barea for beating Fisher off the dribble  dumb dumb dumb
BigDtown09::Barea killed Miami too, but yes that was a bad contract.
MavsOwnYourArse::Kobe has always had another all-star on his championship teams, right?
FanofTexas28::Yes, but that shouldn't take away from antyhing. Kobe is a legend.
Go Laker Nation::point??
bgamron::Lakers suck dik
Hightop-fade::Finally someone speaks the eloquent truth!
DirkNowitzki4President::Dirk took a team to the NBA Finals in 2006 and his center was Sagana Diop  Dirk then took another team to the NBA Finals in 2010 and his center was Tyson Chandler (Better but not a Superstar)  Dirk is a 1st Ballot HOF
BigDtown09::Terry hadn't even emerged as the #2 guy in 06. Second best player on that team was freaking Josh Howard. That's unbelievable.
FanofTexas28::Key reason why I'd take Dirk over Love. Dirk has never had a superstar play with him, but has led the team to 10 straight 50 win seasons, 2 Western Conference Championships, and 1 NBA Championship. Just imagine if he had a superstar play with him.
Go Laker Nation::true
Go Laker Nation::deron williams and dirk would be interesting  not sure if a ring could be won w/o big man
Memnoch9299::Just how awesome would that be, Howard, Williams and Dirk! No way those 3 barring injury wouldn't manage at least a couple titles in the 5 or so years Dirk has left
FanofTexas28::D12 wants to play for us. Who says we can't get both? But the team that signs all the big free agents never wins it all. Eagles last year, Heat last year, Red Sox and Phillies last year.
BigDtown09::I don't see the Mavs clearing enough cap space for both Dwill and Howard.
texasrami::After kobe is gone the lakers aren't gonna be a good team no more who else do they got thats good
Go Laker Nation::history would really support that statement  hahahaha
BigDtown09::I still have that Lakers-Mavs game 4 on the DVR. If you look close enough in the 3rd qtr, you can see the exact moment Kobe just gave up, it was awesome.
DirkNowitzki4President::It was more enjoyable then beating the Heat in the Finals. Draining 3's all day
FanofTexas28::This isn't a lakers board so.....GTFO
Go Laker Nation::i erased the lakers back to back rings on my dvr
Go Laker Nation::they always do
MavsOwnYourArse::Lakers won't win another ring anytime soon unless they bring in some big talent.
BigDtown09::They probably erased themselves for being 2 years old.
EmergingInThought::Get the best selling book for free on your Kindle Sunday, February 12th!  http://www.whatthehellbook.com/2012/02/11/get-what-the-hell-for-free-on-the-kindle-sunday-february-12th/
bgamron::Where does Dirk rank among the greatest of all time?
Hightop-fade::He'll be an obscure historical reference.
DirkNowitzki4President::Dirk is definitely top 20 if he wins one more ring. He never played with another Superstar
basket_guru::the rings win a team, not single player, you idiot.
FanofTexas28::This is why I hate Laker fans. They never shut up about Kobe. He's one of the greatest but you could hop off his dick once in a while. He said greatest of all time. Not whether or not, he's better than Kobe.
Go Laker Nation::hilarious
MavsOwnYourArse::Kobe is all they have. Lakers will lose 75% of their fans when he retires.
Go Laker Nation::oh okay....thanks for clarifying that
Go Laker Nation::Behind Kobe........way behind
Goawayheattrolls::Banging Seven Gram Rocks  Charlie Sheen : 1  Whitney Houston : 0
