Dean Helming::Did Reggie really just say that Doc is the second best coach in the NBA?  Oh my, that is embarrassing.
Tony Hartmann::LMAO @ Reggie Miller.
Himler Audisho::Clips will never win the title...bunch of unreliable retards
Josh Tufts::Not named Chris Paul. And besides, 24th game out of 82. Very long season.
Himler Audisho::That's loser talk Josh. You need to beat these teams.
Josh Tufts::Why do they need to best the Nets? One of the biggest reasons the Nets are losing is so many players are hurt. DWill just came back. And AK47 is out. Among other players. They showed tonight that a few players coming back and playing well makes a big difference.
Matthew Stone::Hey guys did you know Blake Griffen can DUNK!?!?!?! Isn't that AMAZING wooooaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!?!?!?!
Brent B Jacoby::vinny del negro is laughing so hard right now....trading for a "superior coach" LOL
Francisco Wehrhahn::If the nets win  they are 1 GB of the Celtics and the 4-seed  ....welcome to the Leastern Conference
Tony Hartmann::Historically bad
Ikenna Nwaghanata::The Atlantic may well be the worst division ever.
Randyl Ybanez::Did just someone schooled CP3?!!...whoooooo!!
Mark Brandt::How did they lose this game after shooting 52 FT?
Jacob Crunk::Someone tell the Nets the game has started.
Logan Stevenson::LOL
Shawn Bento::D-Will is abusing CP3.  Lololol
Angel Payano::Dont get ahead of yourself. Chris made dwill look stupid too. They're both abusing each other
Randyl Ybanez::Angel Payano D will did it twice!.. 2 quarters to go, it might be 5x in the end of the game!..lol
Angel Payano::Chris did it twice as well. He made dwill fall on the floor and made him go the other way going behind his back. So they're going at each other
Randyl Ybanez::plz D will have pity..don't put CP3 twice on a top 10 plays of the week!..
Himler Audisho::Nice to Jamal Crawford get his points during garbage time.
Joshua Burns::$50 on the Clippers may God have mercy on my soul lol
David Garcia::good luck but gambling is a horrible no win habit
Jay Rainey::I agree with David, I got $40 on the Clips to win though FML
Jake Pool::Clips out of gas.need one more run
Ben Butkus::Here come the Nets ...
Joe Power::The Clippers really f'd up when they traded Bledsoe (18 points, 6 assists, 4 rebounds per game) for Dudley (7, 2, and 2). Dudley is absolutely useless and they traded away a star for him. I guess moves like that are why they are the Clippers.
James Ibarra::Exactly.  They could have gotten so much more for him considering there were so many suitors.  The problem they ran into was that every team knew they were trying to get rid of him that it brought his value down.
Stefon Catalina::Is it safe to say that the Nets might be a better team with Pierce playing a facilitator role off the bench and Garnett playing strictly a defensive role with limited minutes?
James Ibarra::At this stage of their careers and with enough scorers around them, I'd say you have a valid point.   I can't imagine that on this team either of them will average (or need to have to) more than 12-13 points per game.  Pierce always played well in a facilitator role (point forward) when Rondo was hurt/suspended.
Adam Youman::The nets finally get all their starters back and play a good game! but then possibly lose brook lopez...cant catch a break lol
Trent Thomason::What you guys think about this fantasy trade in a points league? Mike Conley and Dwight Howard for Zach Randolph, Pekovic, and bledsoe
Himler Audisho::Who gives a F
James Ibarra::Take your fantasy over to the geeks board.  :P
Terrell Hubbard::bklyn on da rise and u don't want no problem with them guys I think I better warn you bklyn about to go off on u, BKLYN STAND UP NOTHING LESS THAN A CHIP THIS YEAR AND I AM NOT TALKING UTZ WISE OR LAYS
Niko Okin::clippers have to be one of the very worst teams out there!? They cant even show up against a brutal Brooklyn team! WOW
Sakimo Lewis::Not really the Nets are better than this.
Sean Patrick Coon::the clips would be brutal missing CP3, blake, dudley and crawford. the nets are finally getting healthy.
Pete Beamer::Clippers = Sybil ....multiple personalities.......or Clips = a box of chocolates.
Matt Johnson::the nets seem to be getting back on track with the starters and D will coming back. Just gotta stay healthy.
Samit Jain::nets are absolute trash
Sean Patrick Coon::good call.
Taylor Manes::Reggie hush... The best coach in the nba is Erik spolestra how ever u spell his name and the second best is Tom Thibedoeu however u spell his name and the third is the pacers coach..
Scott Baker::I beg to differ, I am a Laker's Fan.....so this is said without bias. Pop is way better than either of them.
Aldrich Policarpio::Not a fan of Thibs, amazing defensive coach but lacks a ton of offensive schemes and he's the reason his players get injured all the time.
Ayn Bland::NBA should institute relegation.  I'm sure there are some D-league teams who could put on a better show.  30% shooting against the Clippers?  And this is being televised nationally?  How embarrassing.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Uh the Clippers went from bottom 5 in defensive efficiency to top 10 within the last 3 weeks. Not sure what you're smoking if you think they suck on D.
Sean Patrick Coon::Ikenna Nwaghanata obviously, they suck on defense.
