Alvordton::One of the reasons we got Bogut is to protect Lee's defensive shortcomings. Curry is at best a mediocre defender but he and Klay are adequate when guarding players their size. What they cannot do is guard smaller quick guards. Going small in the front-court does not address the issue.  I had said all along the Warriors need a better backup at point guard but my hope was for a small quick point-guard to match-up better in these situations. Crawford (6'4") will help take some ball-handling pressure off Curry and Iguodala but he will not address the issue of guarding small point-guards.  Instead of going small with Lee at C and no Bogut, I'd rather they go with Bogut and Lee to clog the paint when these waterbug type guards breakdown the perimeter and get into the paint. Maybe once O'Neal and Ezeli get healthy that will be an option. As they say, insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. I'd still like our chances in a seven game series. Size eventually wears the little guys out or so the theory goes.
David::I have been watching Curry (and other Warriors) all season. When Curry is set, he is fairly deadly from 3-point range. When he kind of coasts to a stop, he is still fairly accurate (a bit less so) from 3-point range. When he runs the length of the court at nearly full speed (and then stops at the 3-point line), he makes less than 20% of his 3-point shots by my estimation. When he runs quickly around the defense (and then stops quickly for a 3-pointer), he also tends to shoot a very low percentage. Curry needs to realize he needs people to pass to him some of the time. He needs to realize he is out of breath (and his muscles are temporarily oxygen starved) when he runs the entire floor at near full speed. He has to get into a lot better aerobic shape (which seems questionably possible since he is already in good shape); or he needs to adapt his game to the reality of his shooting capabilities. He should take the smart shots. When he is much better off utilizing his teammates, that is what he should do. They can set him up too. He doesn't always have to be the one dishing off the assists.
David::I just saw Curry attempt a 3-point shot immediately after slipping badly. That was a mistake. When you are "off balance" or your muscles are still reacting to a recovery from a slip, the odds of you making a 3-point shot are extremely low. You have to think. You have to stop your initial reaction to try the shot because you are still open. You will in all likelihood not make the shot even if you are open. Curry had plenty of time. He could have simply set up a play. He could have dribbled a bit. Then he could have driven to the hoop? He could have passed, etc. Almost anything would have been better than to attempt that shot. A consummate pro has to realize that it takes more than half a second for your body to recover from such a slip. You have to stop yourself from doing the obvious. You are human, not a machine. When you get that adrenaline rush that you needed to recover from the slip, it throws your "normal" shot off. Be a consummate pro; and realize this.
dster20::Not sure why Jackson can't play the sub game with Bogut late in games. He's lost GS a few games jsut this year by not playing the O then D subs by saving one or two timeouts. Bogut wasn't put in until AFTER the big O rebounds by Denver. When it was too late.  Also when a team a couple of games ago went to hack-a-Bogut with 7 mins left in a quarter and with 3 more fouls to go before GS was in the bonus, Jackson TAKES BOGUT OUT!!!. Wait until you are in the bonus THEN take him out if you want. Serious bran dead coaching.
Person Dude::Curry may be fun to watch on offense with his craftiness and shooting, but he's still seriously overrated at this point. He has too many boneheaded turnovers trying to be too cute dribbling, including the one that led to the Hickson dunk which was a big momentum shift. And his defense is godawful. He guarded Foye in the first half, and he went off for 18 points. In the 2nd half, he guarded Robinson and he exploded 24, 14 in the 4th quarter. I'm sorry, but Curry isn't all that.
Joel::That loss was all Nate.  I really wish the warriors could have him again somehow...but it is impossible. Loved when he did that for the warriors when he did play for us.  Otherwise I think the warriors would have pulled it out.  Good game.
Bob::Bogut got quite a few touches beginning of game looked good so did Lee . But with a shooter like Curry and Thompson they gotta get there shots. It was a good game to watch though. Denver played a little better game. Defense usually decides a game. Just that little bit of trapin out front probably was the difference. Igudola was shut down. Go Nuggets!!
Logic::Insane shooting from the arc for Denver made the difference. When they went small GS needed to go big and dunk in the paint. Bogut is not getting enough minutes in the second half and GS has poor interior D without him.
David::I should add that when Curry shoots immediately after running the floor at full speed, he does two other things. First he gives the other team a good chance for a fast transition basket if he misses, which is likely in this case. Second he does not make the other team work at all on defense. This means they are normally fresher when they go onto offense against the Warriors. This is a bad thing. You want them to be more tired.
Anton::Nate Robinson, Ty Lawson and even Randy Foye exposing the Warrior's weakness, that is the non-existent defense of Curry, Klay and David Lee.
