EEDUARDO4689::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mgDObq7hWU
esquire2014::Magic get Andrew Bynum, Darrell Arthur, OJ Mayo, Nets Pick Memphis- JJ Redick, Ryan Anderson, Lakers Trade Exception Lakers-Howard, Williams, Turk Nets- Gasol, Tony Allen
carzrcool8769::http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/linsanity-in-full-force.html Linsanity
Trues1985::what kind of reporting is this????j  "Slip By the Magic"????   We are like 8-2 vs the Magic in the last 10 games and in this game they got lucky and tied up the game to even send it to overtime.
lat404::Josh Smith got snubbed, they picked Andre Iguodala who's not even the best player on his team over JSmoove. Iguodala is averaging 12.9 ppg and only 6.7 rebounds compared to Smith who's averaging 15.9 ppg and 9.3 rebounds, now that's some real hate.
lat404::OK, let's put a guy on the All-Star who's basically a role player now anybody but Josh Smith. Why not Marvin Williams his numbers are almost as good as Iguodala, this is insane!!! Throw in Elton Brand for good measure.
T.Y.U::Iggy should have been there too, but I'm more upset about the Deron Williams/Melo/Wade/Johnson  Basically the west got it partly right.   East leaves me SMDH you can tell it's a legit popularity contest ask yourself if you've been watching the NBA the past two months since the lockout ended. Do you think Melo should be in it or Blake Griffin starting? For that matter why is Pierce there the Celtics haven't had the best year you know.
gianluchisti::MANIPULATIVE MATCH : toronto - boston  because BOSTON want arrive #7   and must pay $$$$$$$ for GARNETT PIERCE ALLEN ...  IN PLAYOFF one lost 4-1 or 4-2 vs MIAMI or CHICAGO is GOOD....  respect 4-0 vs PHILADELPHIA 76rs !!!    (my favourite team are SPURS , NUGGETS and SIENA ... i don't have cause for speak the false ...)   ( i live in ITALY - TUSCANY - SIENA - PALIO of SIENA )
mh1404::siena is a cool place   vescavado di murlo ?
W.ABBS::We need Redick to step up.
W.ABBS::more consistency
hulKKNUPE::*smh* Sucks being a Magic fan.
atler5264::Yup, and they are so stupid about the rules of the game. The fans act like they are entitled to get the calls their way when it is obviously going to the opponent.  Ex: When there is an obvious offensive foul, they act as if it was a foul on the Hawks. Idiot fan base that is about to dwindle. At least the ticket prices will be cheaper.
PKfalconshomer::Hawks are an inigma - they slide when you think they can be special - they prevail when you think they are done.  Nonetheless - they won a big game on the road and will be a rough out come playoff time.  I personally think Teague or Smith should have been "considered" for the All-Star game - but what the heck - I'll take "W's" to prove we belong.  Curious on how they can do - Go Hawks!!!!!!
bradyandjrich::Jason Richardson needs the ball more and needs to take more shots. Went 5-10 today, 3-6 from deep. He's their second best player. He should have the ball in his hands more...
Chris31708::The point is Anderson scored only two less points on over 60% shooting. Not taking away from what Josh Smith did, but Anderson's scoring is more impressive.
giangir::Anderson can only play because of Howard.  He is atrocious defensively and would be exposed, but Howard is so dominant on D that makes the rest of the team look good on D.  The 1-4 starters for the Magic could arguably be the worst defensive in the league.
hulKKNUPE::NO! The point is defense wins games.
Chris31708::Anderson is their second best player. A great rebounder, outscored Howard <b>again</b>, scoring average is 17 points. Josh Smith scored 23 off of 9-22 shooting. Anderson? 21 with 8-13.
atlkee1787::Josh Smith also had 19 rebs, 5 assist, and 3 blks. How about anderson????
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::and hes the only one who even remotely tries on defense- Dwight gets over half of he's rebounds from  J-Rich's defense
J-SMOOVE2021::Anyone seen the poll that asks who was the biggest east all-star snub and josh smith isnt even listed?  lol, ESPN is a $@%!$@% joke
Demonjoe93::And why aren't Teague on Ivan not on the rising stars ballot. I can understand not having Ivan on it but Teague? Last I heard he was one of the most improved players in the league.
Trues1985::it's his third year in the league.....even though he didn't play the first two
PKfalconshomer::Him and Teague - right on J-Smoove - popularity has over taken the NBA - too many snubs to count........
FingerRoleJoeTM::Yo Dwight sets the most illegal screens I have ever seen...by the way
FingerRoleJoeTM::J Smooth should just focus on pulling down 18 def rebs every game.   Quit playing PG stay your $@% down low
Chris31708::2nd straight game Anderson outscored Howard. 8-13 shooting for him, Howard 8-15.  Wow, just wow.
otownmagic4life::Thanks Hedo for your turnovers that cost us the game
Chris31708::How in the hell is it possible for him to be good <b>and</b> bad in the same game?
Mizzourah332::J smooth Should be an All Star!
spr1nk1es::its smoove
csmeech::I think the most tiresome thing is SVG talking about "energy".  Every year, regardless of the players, its the same sorry critique. Honestly, I don't think he knows what he is doing.  That's why Dwight wants to leave.  He wants to play for a real coach
csmeech::Energy?  That's not knowing what the problem is.  He is clueless
Chris31708::He is really starting to become a broken record. He seems to <b>know</b> what the problem is, yet does nothing about it.
cwbell86::someone fight me! lez fuggin goooooo!!! haterz gonna hate on the hawks. Josh Smith should be on the All Star roster. The Magic team are like Communism (Dwight inside and surround him with some versatile 3 point shooters) In theory its pretty cool, but it doesnt work in real life.
spr1nk1es::ghetto
PKfalconshomer::School yard - 2:00 PM - No cops........
NBA_refs_are_weak::nelson is so bad
atler5264::Agreed.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::Joe Johnson was shut down by J-Rich  every single time when matched up , The whole Magic team suck not named Howard Anderson or J-Rich
PKfalconshomer::Did you watch the game - our plan was to let Howard get his - shut down everyone else - you missed shots - it happens - 4 in a row my friend!!!!!!
DTangMF::Good Game Hawks fans, you guys were tough tonight~ Hope you guys beat the damn Heat next game~
PKfalconshomer::This team has the talent - it's the passion I'm worried about
DTangMF::u guys actually match up really well against them
J-SMOOVE2021::i actually think we will
J-SMOOVE2021::Beating the Pacers and Magic gets us off to a good start on this murderers row road trip coming up.  Lets beat the Heat on Sunday!!!!!!!!!
ATLienZone2::Headline is BS..should change it to "Hawks slip by Magic despite Kirk Hinrich being stepped on, punched, and thrown to the ground on the final play"
csmeech::Oh please, Howard gets mugged every game all game.  Quit your whining
J-SMOOVE2021::not to mention Dwight setting a massive illegal screen on Josh Smith
J-SMOOVE2021::ESPN hates the Hawks, but if we get Horford back or make a solid trade, nobody will want to mess with us in the playoffs.
J-SMOOVE2021::If the Hawks could trade Teague/Hinrich/picks for D-Will I would do it
J-SMOOVE2021::Josh Smith &gt; Deng and Hibbert
atler5264::Are you serious, the Pacers lost to the weak and depleted Nuggets at home.
Toomersforever::boogers &gt; SPC cruz
SPC Cruz::Bulls and Pacers &gt; Hawks
MadBrownSkillz::Bulls squeaked by the Hawks by 2 in Chicago. Hawks BLEW OUT the Bulls in Atlanta. The Hawks split with both those teams. Neither one is better.
gregorio363::DWIGHT HOWARD IS A CANCER TO MAGIC--GO AHEAD AND LEAVE  HAWKS R SO UP AND DOWN--WEAKNESS U CANT IGNORE
Demonjoe93::ESPN's headline for this game is a joke: "Free throws allow Hawks to slip by Magic". That is BS. We weren't even that good from the line in this game.
loubillz718::hawks werent lucky especially after leading orlando most of the game. you guys just weren't playing good. Not even dwight was playing good even though he still hit his numbers.
Chris31708::Anderson outscored him for the 2nd straight game, shows that Howard shouldn't talk about his teammates playing hard when he's not the leading scorer in every game.
Chris31708::ESPN doesn't like the Magic either. If they aren't the Lakers, Celtics, Bulls, or Heat, they're irrelevant to ESPN
csmeech::Absolutely correct.
csmeech::hawks got lucky
atlhawks27::i know right the hawks had the lead mostly all the game and we missed how many ft? alot
Demonjoe93::They're just trying to make it sound like we got lucky. lmao, they hate us so much they have to distort our big road win. It's almost criminal how biased ESPN is when it comes to the NBA.
DeVi0uZ::Orlando fan: Magic suck and lose a game. Hey lets talk about other sports! Wait Florida sucks at them as well.
csmeech::Are you 11?
Jimbo081094::the series is split so how bout we wait til the hawks go to miami then talk sh**
atlhawks27::you wasnt saying that s h i t early saying oh we beat the heat that means will blow the hawks out get that s h i t out of here
Demonjoe93::Okay Ivan Johnson. It's your time to shine! :D
cavanial::Josh Smith always gives Howard the blues...tonight was no different!!
Demonjoe93::ATTENTION: I am here to file a missing person's report regarding a user some of you may know as "ElArtMan". She has gone missing and I'm quite concerned about her. Does anyone know where she's at?
atlhawks27::hawks 9-4 at home and 9-5 on the road so it really doeant matter the hawks will win
atlhawks27::on every game i say congrats to the other team for a game game but f u c k that i hate the damn magic you dirty baster.ds
atlhawks27::im the person that does the hawks chant
atlhawks27::that idiot had the nerve to say im a bandwagon fan when im all ways here when the hawks lose or win.
J-SMOOVE2021::Dwight got away with some massive illegal screens
dudemanbro2::no joke, especially in OT when he bulldozed josh smith
atlhawks27::i know right
J-SMOOVE2021::How the hell are Hibbert and Deng all-stars this year??? As great as Dirk was last year, he didnt deserve a spot this year.
Demonjoe93::Good game Magic fans.  Now where's my hoe Fartman at? COME OUT COME OUT WHERE EVER YOU ARE FARTMAN!
JulioJonesBrother::@FauxIvanJohnson
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::23 pts 19 boards 5 assists 3 blks and another All Star snub for this guy. The chip just got a little bit heavier and the Magic felt the fire. Good Job Hawks.
atlhawks27::atlanta has won more over 500 wins than the bulls lawl
atlhawks27::sorry i couldnt be here in time but i gotta say it because i hate the damn magic hawks fans make some motha freaking noise!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! dont you sit down in your damn seat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! get up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! get up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! get up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! get out of here and gone for the damn magic!!!!!!!!!!!!
atler5264::Magic fans suck a.s.s.
Fear-The-Spear::bancwagon
atlhawks27::scroll all the way down you idiot i left a comment
atlhawks27::bandwagon? f u ck you!!!!!!!!! i be here every game
gregorio363::nice win HAWKS  KEEP IT UP
atler5264::Are you kidding, it was a defensive power struggle which really favours the Hawks since we have a way better defence. This is how the Hawks should approach all of their games, especially the Heat since their defence is inferior.
gregorio363::DIDNT C IT LUCKILY  NBA BLOWS TILL PLAYOFFS ANYWAY
openminded43::UGLY, POORLY PLAYED GAME!!! BOTH teams deserved to LOSE!!!
JulioJonesBrother::Both teams except for the Hawks.
scottmann7::Hawk beat Refs!!!
atlkee1787::Hawks &gt; Magic, Falcons &gt; bucs, Braves &gt; Rays, ATL &gt; ORL &amp; Tampa put together
atler5264::What cesspool?
gregorio363::CESSPOOL IS IN UR PANTS
gregorio363::BRAVES DOMINATE THAT LIST
openminded43::I turned down a great job with Amazon .com because it was in Atlanta!!! CESSPOOL!!!
Jimbo081094::so because ur an idiot who doesnt want money or a bettter life because of a sports team??????
openminded43::No, i HATE THE SLUMS!!!
atlkee1787::Your an idiot then.
D12 Owns Bynum the Slug::Braves are better at choking.
atlkee1787::And Winning
D12 Owns Bynum the Slug::LOL@ Braves over Rays.
gregorio363::rays and braves better cause better sport
JulioJonesBrother::STOP giving us facts!
D12 Owns Bynum the Slug::I'm out. Later b*tches and hos.
D12 Owns Bynum the Slug::Hawks and Braves can't even sell out playoff games.. LOL
atler5264::Yes they can, 2010, the Braves sold out all their games and so did the Hawks. 18,545 and 50,100 respectively thank you bigot.
JulioJonesBrother::Again.  <b>Shut up.  </b>You realize how big a joke Tampa Bay sports are in attendance? Worse than Atlanta's.  Making yourself sound stupider in every post.
twilaubiefan::I'm going to Disney World with the family over spring break.. I'll be sure to pack some Atlanta merchandise. Cheers, Magic fans. (:
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::Waaaaahh Waaaaaah Sob Tear ...lets start talking about the Falcons because we're sore losers about our basketball team losing, even though the Falcons still did better than our area football team too Waaaaaah Waaaaaah. I love this sh!t. lol. (waits for bitter, illogical reply)
openminded43::It was an Atlanta fan who brought up the Bucs YOU IMBECILE!!!
JulioJonesBrother::But wait! The Bucs won a Super Bowl like 9 or so years ago. That has to do with today because...umm...cause there's still players on that team that are on this Bucs team...no, never mind...ugh...I don't know
kevinholdren::only ronde barber.
theprodctz::hawks Vancouver @sportsguy33
JulioJonesBrother::Otis Smith=Best GM in professional sports!  Still owes <b>Gilbert Arenas</b> something like $60 million?  .............<i>Gilbert Arenas??????</i>
D12 Owns Bynum the Slug::I know.... Joe Johnson's contract is only the 2nd worst contract in sports..
JulioJonesBrother::Rashard Lewis is before Joe's. Lol!
D12 Owns Bynum the Slug::Falcons have no draft picks..No cap room..No hope...At least the Bucs have draft picks and tons of cap room.
atler5264::Bucs don't even have an have an Offensive coordinator you idiot and they could not land a head coach till late January, the last team to do so and you had to settle with a College guy which history has shown does not yield any success. Sorry attempt.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Yeah but the Bucs suck, so it really doesn't matter what they do.
openminded43::EXACTLY..... it's only UP from here!!!
JulioJonesBrother::A ton of money to do nothing with.  Like last year when your biggest acquisition was our punter Lol! Let your best LB walk. Great choice by Dominik.
