Fair Palmer::What a delightful victory for team play over a tough rival! As a fan, I hope the win enable the Rockets coaches to understand and use JLin's talent properly in the future games to reap more victory for the team.  I hope the coaches would stop limiting JLin's play time randomly. I hope the coaches would modify their recent erratic rotation schemes which either played JLin for a little over 20 minutes per game or benched him for the entire 4th quarter (as in the losing games against Pacers, Cavaliers and Spurs) without justification.  Go Rockets! Looking forward to your playoff games!
fred3857::From this game,we know team game is much better than iso-ball. If Rox want to pass playoff to finals, McHale should let Lin play the real PG and let Harden play SG with more D...at least when Harden has a cold hand.
Denzel7587::bobbydagreat is whining against Lin and the Rockets. I thought he's a Rockets fan. This board is really confusing me. I get bashed by some people for being a Lin fan and by some people who claim to be Rockets fan. And the Rockets dominated the Clips and you see some Rockets fan whining. What's going on?
NewAges::He is a LOH.....
woopzzzz::LIN FOR DA TEAM WIIIIINNNNN!!!! ;)
woopzzzz::i like it when jlin gets more turnovers cuz that usually means he plays aggressively and the team wins!!!
Denzel7587::like the playing aggressively, not the TOs.
rockus_2008::It seems from all these boards that the only people on the Rockets team are Lin, Hardern and McHale.
19Houston75::"diehardnr1 - yeah...no other NBA team has to suffer such brutal scheduling...geesh  LMAO -Nuggets fans"  "Emcee.Random.Ichiban - - Spurs fans too..."  Rockets lead the league in back to backs. 19 so far. 2 more to go. 21 total sets.    If you do the math, more than 25% of their games this year came with no rest, or practice between.     To the Nuggets' fan. The Nuggets only play 14.  The Spurs only play 15.  Rockets have an actual complaint.
waenloteion::I didn't take the time to examine everyone else's schedule, but I bet the Rockets are pretty much the only team to have 8 games in 12 nights also
19Houston75::They lead the league every year. The LA teams usually come in a few sets behind.
NewAges::Look like some top NBA guys do not like the Rockets
mpdalry2::CLipper might not get past the 1st round.  Epecially if they finish 5th and have to play against a team like Denver.  CP3 has to do everything...even when he has good production point-wise they still manage 81 points.  This team looks good against some teams in the reg season but will get destroyed by a team that plays defense and  can contain Paul.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Harden has been playing injured. 4/10 3 assists from Lin while playing the pg role? Its easier to square up and shoot when Harden is getting doubled.
setrue::LOL, what a loyal "Rockets" fan whining about a 17 pts win without his HERO.  No need to tear a teammate to boost your HERO.  Harden is not as insecure as his fanboys.
setrue::Thanks for info.
3rdCoastTexan281::He isn't a Rockets fan. He is an ASU and a Suns fan. He likes Harden because he went to ASU.
Eden Knight::he did fine. Rox won. quit yer complaining
3rdCoastTexan281::I was very surprised when I looked at the boxscore and saw that DMo and TRob only played a combined 12 minutes. I wonder if it was matchup thing or if McHale has already lost faith in them. Hopefully the former.
Jmac4539::all the Clippers players need to take steroids and bulk up so they can get a lot tougher and just runs everyone over, they are soft!!
NewAges::Lin, under average PG, leaded the Rockets' scrubs and raped the Clippers with top PG in NBA.......love it! when overrated "stats" players get a taste of team game players
NewAges::LOHs are the reason for these posts exist......No one claim that Lin is better than he is (to LOHs)......Read the original message.....under average PG.....Scrubs....raped the the top NBA PG team
jones63079::Posts like this are the reason LOHs exist... If Jeremy Lin fans would think rationally about him and not try a force him on everyone LOHs would not exist.  Jeremy Lin had a fantastic run last year and has a great story, but in no way does that make him better than he is...
NewAges::I am just making fun of LOHs...if you are not LOHs, just never mind this
jones63079::Chris Paul is in no way overrated... We've lost to the Wizards... Sacramento... And we are statisctically the better team...Any team can win in the NBA on any given night... No reason to gloat just enjoy the win
NewAges::Lin is under average PG to many LOHs...I just took their words
NewAges::As long as his team raped overrated "stat" player team.....I can have a good laugh
jones63079::Lin is a below average pg regardless if you like him or not lol
Eden Knight::he's not below average.
choate_sedition::Any team coached by Del Negro is not a contender
smokingstogies305::The Clippers are not contenders.
Maniacman75::i want them in the first round.
bulldogsgrizz93::How do you only score 81 on the rockets??
Eden Knight::chill out dude. The Rox are good. Even beat SA last week.
workforfood666::Rockets want to secure their playoff berth in case something crazy happens
bobbydagreat::Catch them the night after all of their starters get benched for the entire 4th quarter and they have a chip on their shoulder.
b4-it-became-lob-city::wtf  i  work  graveyard  how  did  my  clips  get  r8pe?
bobbydagreat::The Rockets role players came out highly motivated and the Clippers had a few calls that didn't go their way and just completely crumbled mentally.
rockus_2008::How can a team without their best player win by a blowout knockout against one the best teams with one of the best players?  It's mind-boggling.  With a coach that doesn't blame players publicly, during the games and during post game interviews, this team will be deadly.
rm90025::Lin forced Paul into those 5 fouls.
bobbydagreat::In fairness, a few of them were BS calls. CP3 and the Clippers got the refs against them early by whining and $@%!$@%! about calls. After that, CP3 didn't get the superstar benefit of the doubt so close calls went against him and that was huge.
Eden Knight::Clips got frustrated. CP3 picked up 5 fouls.
Gentry3455::How long is Harden going to be out?
bassadilla05::His feet/ankles haven't been at 100% since before the All Star Break
Maniacman75::i wish we could rest Asik but that would never happen hes too important for our success.
Eden Knight::He can probably stay out against the Magic too.
bobbydagreat::No clue, no one really even knew he'd be out at all till right before the game. I think he'll stay out till either he's 100% or till the team needs him. I'd guess at least one more game out.
nicks4691::Until Lin developed a consistent pull-up jump shot, he will continue to be viewed as an average pg.
19Houston75::If you're so worried about the number of shots Lin takes, call him and tell him to stop passing up wide open shots 10+ times per game.
MannyTexans24::Lin is NOT a consistent scorer trust me i watch every game. He gets hot at time but there's other times where he just doesnt show up to play.
pyang74::MannyTexans24... Look at each game stats.  When he shoots more than 10s shots.. he is shooting at 48% or higher on 2pt fg.  Shoots 40% on 3pt fg.  In games he shoots over 10 attempts -- he is average close to 19-21 pts per game and 7-9 asst per game..1-3 steals per game.    STATS says he is becoming a better PG  and can average 19-20 pts and 7-9 asst with more ball-time.  Now Harden has the ball on 80% of the plays from top of key.    He is getting better..3rd year in league.
rm90025::So I guess shooting 48% from the field and 40 from 3 isn't good enough (Lin's #'s for March).  He did that while playing 4 fewer minutes per game than the prior month.  Give the kid the minutes, give him license to be aggressive offensively and he'll hit the shots. He's a consistent scorer.
bobbydagreat::In other words, until he's more than an average PG, he'll be viewed as an average PG
Eden Knight::lol
rockus_2008::Harden also missed a lot of shots.  His avg is improved by driving to the basket for layups and also the free throw lines.
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::Clippers won't hang in with Grizz this time around. They don't have HCA again and Jordan is liability shooting FT and Odom sucks..!!
rgcctx::Clippers can`t get out of Texas fast enough. Three straight losses.
m_gunners::with this win,the only 3 teams that Rockets did not win against this season are the Heat ,the Pacers and The Nuggets which they will play against soon again.....
Definitely Not Midisurf::Shut up the LOF and LOH labels already.  It's wack   By wack I mean gay
washheightsboy3::I believe Tom Petty wrote a song about the Clippers.
m_gunners::Clippers were bad today..if Harden played ,Rockets would have won easily as well......
fred3857::Not realy. If Harden still play his boring iso holding ball for 22 secs each offense time with a cold shooting,who knows the final result? Lin made his teammates play happily to share the ball and move quickly, score evenly with good defend and effective offense.That's why Clippers played badly...or maybe BTB game.
diehardnr1::Wow....Clipps fans seem as fickle as LaLas fans.  A couple of losses and its off to the MIA bandwagon...lol
diehardnr1::Thanks for the help HOU!  OUCH Clippers! Seems like a good thing you can only fall to the 5 seed at this point.
STEVE6163656::They can't drop to 5th if they're winning their division... but they'll lose home-court
Marco5380::They dropped to the 5th seed bro....
duudeitschris::ok i missed this game last night how did the rockets win this game? clippers fatigue from their 4th road game in 5 nights?
19Houston75::Rockets lead the league in back to backs. 19 so far. 2 more to go. 21 total sets.  If you do the math, more than 25% of their games this year came with no rest, or practice between.   To the Nuggets' fan. The Nuggets only play 14.
H-Town Dream Shake::Rockets had 3 games the past 4 night.
diehardnr1::yeah...no other NBA team has to suffer such brutal scheduling...geesh  LMAO -Nuggets fans
Emcee.Random.Ichiban::- Spurs fans too...
tysonwynn26::When Harden can find the balance between take over and get the team involved, the Rockets will be good.  Too bad McHale is not a quality coach good enough to make that balance and convince Harden to play within the system.
Dawan208::nbafanatic69 i'm not lin hater, i just know he's got a lot of development ahead of him. harden's the star and lin fans can't accept it. so they hate on harden for no valid reason. it's sad, really.     Most everyone including the sane LOF know that Harden is the team's only superstar.    But it was teamwork that won that game lastnight not Iso-basketball.
Denzel7587::This win is mind-boggling. A win against the Clippers is difficult, let alone a blowout victory. And Harden did not play. This proves that the Rockets are a respectable team even without Harden. But, with Harden focusing on his excellent shooting ability, this team will be phenomenal. Harden is the only superstar in this team, but in order for the Rockets to win more games, he must respect the contributions of others.
Denzel7587::nbafanatic69 the kid's overrated and doesn't fit in with the system. has an attitude and yells at teammates when he hasn't earned it yet. kid needs to grow up a bit. - - - - - - - - -- - -  - Easy on your heart, grandpa!!! You've been hating on Lin. Take it easy. Lin's a humble guy. If there's been "yelling", it's about putting the other players in their position. This kid is a leader if you allow him. He even yelled "Melo, melo" in New York in some game. He does it as a floor general, and your Melo can't accept that a rookie can overshine him.
ziningqianqian::As a so-called LOF,I don't think Rockets will be a better team without Harden.He is the superstar in this team.We need him,especially in the palyoffs.His ISO ability could help a lot.But it doesn't mean all things should go for ISO.The team balls and ISO should be better balanced.Once they move the ball well,it's hard to defend.He is a great young player with high basketball IQ.There's no doubt he will point it out.  As for this game,I'll take it as a team win instead of a single person.They are trying their best to defend the exhausted Clippers (their 4th game in 5 days,which we had 3 times this season).The bench stood out,and Asik played a solid game.However,there were too much turnovers,6 of them came from Lin.Come on,Lin.I know that when you have high turnovers,the team wins a lot(Lin's TOs &gt; 5, Rockers 5-0).But it shouldn't be the excuse. You should take care of the ball,or you will be benched!!!LOL  ~_~!!
fred3857::When cold hand or face a strong defender like Allen,P-George and Igudala, Iso-ball only kill the game. Without iso and no D Harden,everyone play happily with good D and effective offense for a nice win.
Denzel7587::nbafanatic69, has your head already flipped? why are you relentless in your attack on Lin? Go back to your Knicks board.
Denzel7587::Stop comparing the Rox record with Knicks. Lin was just a Knicks benchplayer before Linsanity. You're giving him superstar-like credit in your analysis. Give it up.
YaImFromCleveland::Haters hate the fact that the Rockets won without Harden, cause now they can't bash Lin for it.. haha...feels good to be a gangsta.  team ball &gt; Iso ball
vonsteve6868::Feels good to be a gangsta? Ha, wow. Wow in a sad way.
ScrewedUpTexan713::Go Rockets \\m// !!! ....Lins ok
swagcityhooptown::and your a screwed up
NewAges::"Lin is the motor of the Rockets" said some coach I forgot.....Opponent teams will try to shut Lin down first and impatient McHale will bench Lin. (McHale keeps fall into other coaches' traps).....then they can double, triple Harden. Rockets lost many games with the same pattern....
fred3857::So many games Rox lost game 1-3 pts when Harden usurped his iso-ball at last 3 mins    with 2-3 TO and suck at the paint.
NewAges::Rockets is inexperience team. They can not beat top teams with PF positions. They can easily get fouls or outplays. The only advantage of the Rockets is fast.....so up-tempo game is more effective for them, especially Lin plays as PG....
duudeitschris::what r u talking about? u dont think blake griffin is a top PF?
Dezagcooog::I'm hoping the Rockets pull off a miracle by getting through the 1st round, similar to what GS did in 2007.
Paul Apoundstone::But Houston has prevailed against Spurs and Thunder this season. Through a playoff duel - may be a different dynamic altogether but i wouldn't say impossible.  My beloved first seed sonics lost in the first round to Denver in the 95 playoffs.   Anything can happen.
Phatepiclewts::Shouldn't be that big of a stretch versus the Clippers or Memphis. Might be impossible if they get paired with the Spurs or OKC, though.
NewAges::No one hates Harden....Rockets have weakness at the PF position. Rockets can not win with Harden iso plays without PF position help.   At the moment, the only way Rockets can win games, is let Lin plays PG. Lin can push the tempo and use fast game to get to the paint before the opponents can get back to their posts......
NewAges::Smith can help little but not the top defense teams.....they still need the up-tempo game to beat the experience teams
Dezagcooog::Maybe Smith might be that PF that Houston has been looking for.  DMo has shown offensive flashes but his penchant for early fouls is making McHale pissed.
nbafanatic69::DMo's so inconsistent.  Lots of potential but he doesn't know how to sustain it.
Lin-Only Fan::The Jeremy spirit...... in good time or bad time, he is always happy and on top.  http://instagram.com/p/XTi6opOPyB/   Good night, LOH.
Dezagcooog::Harden should go back to the DLeague to practice playing defense and learn not to chuck up 24 shots to get 18 points.
Marco5380::Harden was brought in to score genius.... 26 ppg shows that he is doing just fine....
Sean Joh::he learned it, so he just had 9 shots in the Memphis game~
ChuckOlajuwon::9 games left for us, 8 for GS.  Gonna be hard to catch them.  But thats all we have to do, since we own the season series.  For a team not expected to sniff the playoffs this year, the 6th seed would be awesome!  Hey, we have won a championship from the 6th spot before, so watch out.  I know we dont have Hakeem and Clyde like back then but Asik and Harden can get it done. :-P Go Rockets.
diehardnr1::careful what you ask for...
nbafanatic69::it must be frustrating for rox fans that you guys get so close and then fall behind GS.  you could have taken a big step in that last meetup but couldn't pull it out.  still time, but you guys really need to focus on these last few games.
Sean Joh::<a href="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BF5mZJkCAAAd85D.jpg">don't worry they love each other and we love them</a>
Jmac4539::The Rock vs John Cena at Wrestlemania 29 can't wait!!! screw NBA
GEORGE W BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP...UTTER SILENCE ---&gt; nybricksfanatic!;)  GOOD NIGHT FANS!  $@%! THE LOHs!  GO ROCKETS!  GO HAREN!  GO LIN! GO PARSON!    BTW, FIRRREEEE MCFAIL!!!;)
Phatepiclewts::McHale coached great last night. You're on crack.
easyrawlins1::Don't post here much but I'm always surprised how much Harden is disparaged on this site.  He's easily the finest player on the Rockets and at 23 a premier young player in the league.  He's the primary reason the Rockets have been as successful as they have been this year.  Lin is a good developing NBA guard that the Rockets were willing to pay for.  He appears to have some growth potential and could play in this league for years and help teams win.  Why can't that be good enough?  Why does Harden have to be criticized because Lin is perhaps not as good as some folks thought he would be?  Linsanity was fantastic but by years end he was regressing to his true talent which was fine.  Harden is an excellent ballplayer and of course much of an offense is going to be built around him.  Lin can be a fine complement player and that is great too.
Dezagcooog::Are you talking about the same Harden that plays atrocious defense?  And the same one who gets torched by the likes of OJ Mayo, Vince Carter, Tony Allen, etc.  The guy who is 4th in the league in TOs?  The same guy who shot 6 for 24?
vonsteve6868::I hope you don't take offense, but you're an absolute idiot. And I mean that in the truest sense.
Dawan208::I'm a LOF and I like Harden.   Just a few LOF are extreme in their hate or dislike in his play of trying to be the pg and not the sg.
nbafanatic69::i'm not lin hater, i just know he's got a lot of development ahead of him.  harden's the star and lin fans can't accept it.  so they hate on harden for no valid reason.  it's sad, really.
Sean Joh::thanks for your concern, you are a good guy. god bless you~
GEORGE W BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::NOBODY PERSONALLY HATES HAREN BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN HE COULD PASS UP ON TURNOVERS AND ZERO DEFENSE.  IF YOU'RE GONA CRITICIZED LIN, YOU BETTER HARP IN ON OTHER PLAYER'S WEAKNESSES AS WELL.  CRITICIZING LIN ALONE MAKES YOU A TRUE LOH!;)  BTW, MCFAIL IS THE TRUE CULPRIT IN ALL OF THIS;)
Stanley5826::look at nbafanatic69's profile... hes a Rox fan.  ny troll.  LOL
Sean Joh::<a href="http://www.pictureshack.us/images/95335_royceplane2.gif">wake up</a> nbafanatic69'
GEORGE W BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::I FIND IT VERY STRANGE THAT A NY BRICKS FAN WOULD PUT SO MUCH DEDICATION INTO SOMETHING HE  REPEATEDLY CLAIMS TO DESPISED?  OH THE IRONY IN ALL OF THIS;)
Sean Joh::nooooooooooooooooo.............. Rox cant get Felton next year............ screw you up Morey!
Sean Joh::what's the key to learn?
Sean Joh::should Rox trade for Felton?
GEORGE W BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::LOLOLOLOL WHO YOU TRYING TO KID?  GO TO BED SON...IT'S PAST YOUR BED TIME;)
nbafanatic69::you'd guys be in a much better position.  but i don't think we'll be giving up felton any time soon.
Sean Joh::I am listening
nbafanatic69::i'm just here to save the rox from themselves, really.  we learned our lesson last year, you guys might want to learn from it.
GEORGE W BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::GEE, AND YOU ACTUALLY CARE?  NOT LOL!;)
Sean Joh::he is one versus lots~ brave
Dezagcooog::LOL.  Lin leads a bunch of scrubs to a win against a very good Clipppers team and Harden's nuthuggers are irritated.  Too bad.
fred3857::Lin doesn't care about his stats but for the teamwork and a win. He made his teammates who played more than 10 mins all scored around double.
ChuckOlajuwon::I wouldnt say Lin led the way.  15 points on 4-10 shooting and only 3 assist and 6 turnovers from your PG.  Thats a loss 90% of the time.  Rockets won in spite of Lin tonight.
Phatepiclewts::Huh? Garcia had 15.
Dawan208::Obviously you did not see the game.   Lin and Parsons lead the way with the most points.
Sean Joh::but seems Lin is the one bother you, right? why do you annoy by him?
nbafanatic69::the kid's overrated and doesn't fit in with the system.  has an attitude and yells at teammates when he hasn't earned it yet.  kid needs to grow up a bit.
nbafanatic69::i'm no harden fan, but then i value him a whole lot more than your scrub PG.  but that bothers you, doesn't it?
Dawan208::That so called scrub lead the rocket team to a victory.  I like those kind of "scrubs"
