Antoine Black::It's going to be a war out there, because it's tank vs tank!! *rimshot*
Colby Black::Hubby, the Jazz aren't tanking, they're in hard core rebuilding mode.
Colby Black::I have no idea what word got auto corrected to 'hubby' but something did.
Dustin Lewis::Colby Black thats a funny auto correct haha. But in all honesty, I think both teams are rebuilding, not tanking. When you're doing a rebuild like this it takes time with all the young players to gather wins. Good luck to the Jazz and Go C's!
Jaydogg Vega::My team will out tank your team.
Sammy Bissett::That Jazz 2nd quarter was dedicated to Andrew Wiggins
Mike Miller::wiggins!  wiggins!  wiggins!
Sean Lisenby::Sad thing is, I don't think the Jazz are tanking, they average almost 20 turnovers by the start of the 4th quarter... That's literally handing the opposite team 20+ plus points per game...
Brendyn Scott::Ya that needs to be fixed but I guess that is what happens when there is little experience... Too many mental mistakes.
Kristopher Bushman::Jazz Smack Talk: We're goin' DOWN! We're goin' to get CREAMED! Celtics Smack Talk: No WE'RE going to get creamed.
Matt Semperboni::Jazz look like the early favorite for the Riggin for Wiggins sweepstakes.
Octavio Reed::jazz got this game, my celtics dont have a clue what a win look like...
Chelo Mejias::Keep the faith ockomage, the boys in green will get a W soon
Kevin Gipson::Nice to see you supporting your team.
William Cutting::lulz 2 winless teams, something had to give
Chelo Mejias::The battle of the winless, c's come out on top and jeff green has a monster dunk
Kira-Brandon Webb::Were not tanking were in rebuild mode, meaning guys that didn't get the chance to play are playing, its rusty beginning but give these guys a month or two and then lets see how we all feel! Gotta remember its still way early and its just should be more exciting seeing the potential. Losses are no fun but were just developing right now! we will be a force to be reckoned with in near future
Brendyn Scott::Its tough to swallow.. I am all about development but this sucks haha.. Patience is lame.
Harry Keates::A tough one tonight for the C's.  An 8 point second quarter,  nicely played Utah, nicely played.  Hopefully, the Celtics learned something tonight and will do better at underscoring the opponent next time.
Devon Sandiford::Good comment
Phish Head Len Apter::I've watched just about every game..I'll be darned if I'm going to bale on my Celtics...This is when they really need all the support we can possibly give them.
Kevin Gipson::*Bail
Greg Salonen::there will be bumps along the way, much like tonight.  keep your eyes on the prize, boys.  #1and81 #wigginsoverwins #tankstrong
John Barisnikovattalaka::When Gordon hayward is the leading scorer for the night you're gonna have a bad time.
Chett Manly::You're on crack...Hayward is a good player, and he played out of his mind. If ANYONE else had stepped up, UT might've had a chance to win.
Gary Butterfield::suck for wiggins, hopin the celts can pull of this loss it will be a tough one tonight
Dave Green::No, the Jazz NEED Wiggins more. LOL
Matt Geere::Good news is somebody will finally get a win this season, or bad news for the ones wanting to tank this season...
Mirnes Sibalo::A win is nice, if we lose we win again because we are a step closer to Wiggins
Campbell Miller::Gordan Hayward so underated. Utah NBA champions 2014.
Andrew Lipham::the jazz arent even trying in this game.  pathetic.
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::The Celtics want it more
Chris Kossnar::why has Faverani played only 6 minutes?
Jay Carson::The only "w" these teams want is Wiggins.
Sakshay Chaturvedi::Riggin For Wiggins Baby !!!
Dan Kwiecien::Man it's tough to be a celtics fan this year. Hopefully Rondo can turn it around so it's a little more bearable. Now everyone can see what happens in the NBA when you perform just well enough to never get decent draft picks but never well enough to win. *sigh* On the bright side it should be a lot cheaper to buy tickets this year :)
Bryan Hudson::Even with Rondo this team still sucks. Turnovers are not something you just get better at right away. This team is going no where this year, and will have a very high draft pick.
Dave Green::The Jazz are going to have a hard time winning any games while Tinsley and Watson are jacking up threes and the whole team is turning it over 20+ times a game. They need Trey Burke out there but there's no rush... #Wiggins
Dustin David::The lottery's rigged. No way the NBA lets Wiggins go to Utah. He'll end up in Boston, LA,  or Toronto since he's Canada native. Or another big city market.
Dustin David::I do believe Boston still ends up an 7th or 8th seed though depending on how long it takes rondo to return.
Dustin David::But if they don't then. THEN they will some how get Wiggins or Parker
