Arish Singh Nat::i will take demarcus cousins over entire warriors team.  Great, big , skilled , crafty Centers only come around once every decade or two....Great things ahead for kings...
Steave Hoover::Right. Their record indicates that the last couple of years!
David Franson::Arish Singh Nat, the Kings will be lucky to win 28-30 games this year, or any year in the foreseeable future.  I don't see anything they are doing now that indicates they are getting better.
Skyler Hayes::David Franson they have been hanging in every game, turnaround takes time.
Peter Peterr::Sacramento has a great crowd! Great fan base...speaking from a warrior fan
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Yes we do, its the only pro team we have.
Steave Hoover::Ernest Bagdasaryan Remember the Sacramento Surge? I think Sacramento could do well with a pro football team too!
Peter Peterr::hey ESPN can you please ban Chad Wiggins and all the trolls on the board?
Chad Wiggins::here is the kicker in the kings rotation to me, in the first 9 games of the season when  thorton was in the line up, the kings went 1 and 8.... as a result thorton was benched... fredette was inserted in to the rotation... what happened the kings went 2 and 2 with one of those two losses an overtime one point loss to the clippers.... so its obvious what happens in the next game right. fredette stays in and thorton stays out... right? Nope, evidently thortons 1-9 contribution, is looked more highly upon than fredette going 2 and 2.... so after four games, fredette is benched again and mr thorton is given back his spot... the results? two more losses where thorton has been awful....last game he was -10 in the plus minus department, and tonight he's -9.... yep malone may not be such a coaching up grade lol
Keith Dennis::Kings lose by 10+ without Thornton tonight.  He played very well.  I would love to see Jimmer play and I am a bit baffled by the lineup/playing time.   It is not about this season so everyone should be getting minutes to see what they can do to stay or be traded.
Chad Wiggins::now move to put thorton back into the rotation bulldog face..... seems like he is playing lights out.. lol.... 2 and 9 with him in the rotation, 2 and 2 with fredette in the rotation, so obviously lets go back to thorton... he's the better team guy right
Chad Wiggins::GS it is one freeking thing to get ran down by the spurs and by the thunder, but to get ran down by the garbage kings is inexcusable  ur regaining ur old rep very very fast...
Peter Peterr::GSW playing bad 4th quarter....but the OKC game was robbed by the Refs...Refs made sure the score was close till the last seconds.
Chad Wiggins::Peter Peterr i agree with that
Chad Wiggins::this is what happens when u play dumb goons instead of intelligent basketball players
Nick Dorey::isaiah thomas needs to start for sacramento
Steave Hoover::If they're not playing Fredette, why not trade him?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I believe he will before the deadline.
Steave Hoover::Ernest Bagdasaryan Thanks. I don't think he's ever received a fair chance.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Steave Hoover Nope, i actually like jimmer in close game situations, unfortunately he has trouble with staying in front of elite PG on defense.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Love watching this 2 young teams just run and gun all day lol. Fast paced games are always entertaining and will never get old, No matter how much people say its not fundamentals or technical 101 basketball. Final prediction, kings win by a close margin.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Great game so far, back and forth til last possession. Kings really need this W to not make fans think that they are tanking. Cant constantly lose close games.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::DeMarcus cousins, back to back clutch shots ! very good game and numbers by him. I feel another Overtime game coming.
Keith Dennis::Bogut and the Golden State Floppers.   Curry is unbelievable but Bogut is a world class POS.
Peter Peterr::GSW are not floppers. Only Bogut and Lee may flop time to time. But the rest of GSW don't flop. Get your facts straight before you call their entire team floppers. (we're not talking about Miami here)
Bmonster McCarthy::Agreed. He was a loser at Milwaukee, and in college. He's no answer for the perpetually mediocre Warriors.
Bmonster McCarthy::Peter Peterr More than those two do the flop two-step, Petey. Both guards do their share, esp. Curry for ft's.
Chad Wiggins::curry is now officially abusing midget hardware
Chad Wiggins::curry is straight up mugging that little midget
Chad Wiggins::had him on ice skates lmao
Chad Wiggins::thomas with another chuck and heave.... YUCK
Steave Hoover::Thomas is not that good. I'm surprised he gets the minutes he does!
Chad Wiggins::norris cole u my friend are one stupid stupid moron
Eddie Sneeh::Bogut saves the day!
Keith Dennis::What did he save?   He was dominated all night.   Curry and Thompson saved the day.
David Cahill::You lot have to be kidding!!! What about Golden State getting some bench players who can support the starters,. Make two subs and the Dubs are in trouble, 7 to where ever are too weak at this level. It's tough to play 4 quarters let alone bang bodies for 25 - 30 minutes every game as a big guy! Give them a break.
Eddie Sneeh::Cousins getting away with a lot in the second half.  Aside from several elbows to the neck throughout the game, he held Bogut's left wrist, that's why Curry couldn't get the ball to him under the basket and got a turnover.
John Osaki Jr.::Warrior fans of Rick Barry and Chris Mullin, and also Steven Curry in Derek Rose's chapter, check out the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Bmonster McCarthy::Thanks for the spam.
Chad Wiggins::cousins is so stupid... u dumb oooooph, if u did nothing wrong it will show in the replay.... u moron... but u almost got one acting like an uncivilized goon....
Eddie Sneeh::Cousins gave the refs 2 opportunities to call travel, they declined.  First he shuffles his feet and then changes his pivot foot.
Margie Surber::isn't Thornton related to one of my hockey guys on the san jose sharks?  just a thot.  Joe thornton is an uncle to a thornton on a differant nhl team.
Steave Hoover::At the end, Thomas carried the ball which I'm surprised they didn't call. And he's playing over Fredette? Get real.
Richard Bowman::"Get real"? Isaiah Thomas > Jimmer
Steave Hoover::Richard Bowman He's a midget which is why his shot was blocked. Good luck with that.
Richard Bowman::yeah, a midget is better than Jimmer.
