HollaIfYaHEMI::What happened to Check-In?
Trolls Are Us_Suspended Account 3::lowry and martin...one of the more exiciting guard tandems in the game.
Blazelover13::That fourth quarter had to be one of the worst of the entire season, for the entire LEAGUE so far. Seriously, what the HELL were they doing? NEVER take your foot off the pedal! I don't care if you're up by 50 points; keep pounding away and never lose focus! Ugh...they got lucky. If they had lost to an 11-loss team, I would've been very steamed. This Rockets team really does have the makings to be very good; they can play (and lose) to ANYONE. Let's see if they can keep this run going. They're close to first in their division.
txferrari1::Rockets getting it together I see.  Not a bad run so far.
njhaines::I like the lottery pick, but still need to see less Belli and Okafor and more Aminu and Kaman. And why the hell did we pay Landry 9 mil if we don't like his game???? Monty + Dell equals lottery bound. Need an owner to clean up this mess.
PowerSurgeRules::Rockers certainly played down to their competition in this one. Lucky to escape with a win, but it's better to be lucky then good sometimes.
heatbaybee::haaha new orleans is complete trash
DirkNowitzki4President::Good job Houston
vonsteve1668::I wasn't expecting this from Dalembert. He's been a great surprise.
njhaines::Any center  6'10 and athletic dominates Okafor.
AsianBalla23::you mean dalembert is playing better than haywood??
DirkNowitzki4President::He's a great player. Wish the Mavs had him
CosmoKramer1444::46 minutes 10 points.
inquisitiveman::Dalembert is a beast
smmshad::Hornets have the perfect defensive tools, it's just offense they need more of. If Ariza was a high scorer like say averages about 20+ at the end of the season, he would easily lead this team to the playoffs. Ariza is still one of the best defenders out there in the NBA
njhaines::Ariza needs to become Tony Allen; drive, dish and pass. Hornets aren't going anywhere if Ariza and Belinelli are counted on to score.
AsianBalla23::and that's the only reason ariza is still employed!  He'll always avg single digit and live off his bread and butter D.
etaUpike07::ugly win houston but a win none the less. Keep the streak going! Need something to watch during football offseason lol
Espn Jocky::Man the Hornets Suck- The Rockets
_Shredder_Baby_::ARE YOU TIRED OF SPAMMERS RUINING THE BOARDS? DON'T YOU WISH YOU COULD GET RID OF THEM? WELL NOW YOU CAN!!!   <b>-Greasemonkey</b> https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/  <b>-Tampermonkey</b> http://www.chromeextensions.org/appearance-functioning/tampermonkey/  <b>-ESPN Author Blocker</b> http://userscripts.org/scripts/show/115233   BLOCK SPAMMERS INSTANTLY!
vonsteve1668::lol. You just spammed.
Philip07tx::Rockets 4th quarter stunk started wit the bench, the couldn't hit anything not even a lay-up....Dragic missed like 2 easy layups...wat can i say about Chase, he's losing his minutes as the day goes on to a rookie...
KeMvP277::Hornets can't even score 90 points when they have 5 quarters. If our D wasn't good then we'd be losing every game by 20.
Philip07tx::players not plays...
Philip07tx::this usually happens b/c good offensive plays stink at defense and vice versa and it takes a lot of energy to play defense. exhibit A Kevin Martin....
gt1master_ike::Prettty much but this is how we won game last year. Defense and CP3 doing just enough on offense to keep the offense afloat.
KeMvP277::It blocks his potential so much
gt1master_ike::Yea especially with eric. It seems like each year he has a different injury that keep him out 10 + games.
KeMvP277::I think if Gordon and Ariza were healthy every game so far, we'd be atleast .500. but injuries are part of the game. it seems every year injuries hit the hornets the hardest though.
dval08::Alright U guys, I'm out for the evening, it's been a fun game and "in spite of the trolls", fun conversating with everybody...  ...Till next time, y'all stay cool, PEACE!!!
gt1master_ike::good game dval, later
Norris Cole ROY::Back-breaking loss for the hornets
dallazcowboys4life::Norris Cole has had probably only 2 good games all year so far. So why do you think Cole will be Rookie Of the Year
dallazcowboys4life::Norris Cole will not win Rookie Of the Year
gt1master_ike::Yep , they could have shut the door up 5 with 2  mins to go but they just couldn't make a basket and jack made terrible decisions down teh stretch.
ThirdCoastTexan::32 points after halftime....ouch cant keep that up, Rockets
ryanrttu::It's Rockets time
parker joens::go jason smith. im from his home town
clutchcityforlife::Ugly as hell. Hope Sammy D's ankle is alright. Let's keep this win streak going Screwston!!
dval08::Yessir, 5 and counting.
smmshad::Man do I wish Eric Gordon was back to make that clutch shot...still love Belinelli though &lt;3 . Good game Houston, was deff a fun game to watch and sad to hear about the Texans :( wanted them to beat the Ravens
Roxbro25::WTF im pissd, had NO my 5k parlay. wot a fricken fizz.
ThirdCoastTexan::its called gambling....not winning or else everyone would do it
Qster15::FUG.LY WIN for Houston. They need to fire the coach, he's way over his head
Espn Jocky::yah i agree good job for the coach winning the game and being over 500 with the team the rockets pout out on the floor either way they aren't a championship contender and should tank for a draft pick they need someone who will bring relevance to houston and who is a superstar
andrefan11::Just a bad night kind of like what the lakers have goin on right now
KeMvP277::Just another day in this pathetic hornets season. up by 5 with 2 mins left and they manage to lose. how bad of a coach do you have to be. On you Monty, you loser.  #1 draft pick here we come. Jared sullinger!
gt1master_ike::SUllinger , barnes, drummond , davis  The draft is deep and any of the 4 will suffice
gt1master_ike::Yea we need frontcourt help
KeMvP277::I'm a north carolina fan, i'd love seeing Barnes on this team, but we already have an up and coming SG and SF, Which are Barnes' two positions. At PF though, Smith is average but won't even be as close as good as Sullinger.
gt1master_ike::Eh.... could called a foul but good game rockets  The view from the cellar is great  LOTTERY PICK!!!!
dval08::Good game Ike!!! Stay strong brudda...it's always darkest before dawn.
gt1master_ike::Thanks man
andrefan11::How did we win
redskin6911::more points :)
dval08::WOO!! Way to stress the hell out of us fellas!!!   ...and the WIN streak continues!
rj10328::almost a heart attack
888slugger888::lets go double ot
Qster15::That's why J. Jack is on the Hornets.  mistakes like those kicked him out of Indiana and Toronto
dval08::Good foul
hoodwinkur::someone should slap the $@%! out of Mike Brown
888slugger888::lowry 2 assists and 3 turnovers away from quadtruple double
andrefan11::The rockets are bad for my heart
Adrianch01::Just like the Texans? :)
gt1master_ike::Good lord  jack WTF?
gt1master_ike::That is where we miss the CP to west pick and pop play
redskin6911::this was not suppose to be this stressful
cphtcpht::get up , get down , get funky, get loose. Im the best yo and i got proof. In the past there where times i was doubted but now im back and theres no doubt about it. The writing is on  the wall. give me a mic and a stage and im a rip a dip  it up yall.  Cuz yall dont know. Is there another person in the world like me Hell no ones like me others try to fight me there thiga thiga thiga there might  be someone like me somewhere there just not here.
dval08::DALEMBERT!!!
secueritae::I think he blew out his knee, was helped out
gt1master_ike::Raise your hands in the air if you feeling fine  we gonna take this into second overtime welcome to the space jam.
sandsbum::people who say a game is fixed suck at gambling
champion_134::rockets easily best 7-7 NBA team
champion_134::that's the point...
christianvelasquez21::That's because they are the only team with a 7-7 record...
theone1003::fixed game... veags wants the over..
Little dragon76::u could be right on that
Blue Eyed Devil. 666::SARA OOH YEAH WOMEN!!!!
Little dragon76::Damn tie game again
Qster15::Looks like 2OT is on the way
dogs::Blue no one likes you your the one who will be ending up in jail
gt1master_ike::Jarret Jack  come on man
dogs::Blue no one likes you your the one who will be ending up in jail
Bill Ontario is always the best::like if you wanna be my friend
