Euro-Hoops::BKnight is a good player.  He needs better players around him.  And Teyshaun Prince, I love you buddy, but you have to be able to stay in front of Antawn Jamison.
deeeeepintheQ::kyries confidence is growing every game.. its only goin to get better Cavs fans. Just wait until thompson finds his game around the rim #CAVSNATION
42canada::Why can the Pistons win a game. this game was handed to them.
goalie1113::yeah.... those 2 are a really legit foundation to build around. kyrie is gonna be something special
trademarktaz::the pistons will be better than the cavs within the next season
1mproperDancing::Well, considering they started their rebuild about four years ago and the Cavs started last year, shouldn't they be better than the Cavs already?  And isn't it a bit sad that they aren't?
batarilo1::Better for you to stop talking
sportsguy702::Sports tips email me at dpwolf84@gmail.com
NBA_refs_are_weak::I keep expecting kyrie to fall off and it just hasnt happened
Metta-WorldHate::Gordon, Villanueva, and Stuckey are all worthless pieces of shit.
1mproperDancing::Luckily they are all heinously overpaid.   Seriously, how does Joe Dumars still have a job?  Does one title nearly a decade ago give you free reign to run an entire franchise into the ground every year after?
adeptimg::Yeah, but it's GOOD $#!+.
frazinat0r24::Amazing how Kyrie started off slow.. and finished with dominant #'s. A much more clutch player than Lebron.
hoodratt2585::im a cavs fan from Cleveland. I'm as happy as anybody that kyrie is playing as well as he is, and I agree he is special. I also think lebron is kind of a choking piece of crap like everyone else. But lets not get too carried away with declaring kyrie a "winner" and more clutch than lebron. Its nice to have a player that can take over like that, but how many times has lebron hung 10 or more in the fourth against a bad team, or even a good team? If he did it against the pistons yesterday, would anyone be calling him a winner? No. There will be a time when kyrie is actually tested and he will probably fail on his first few tries, just lebron and almost everyone else. I don't want to see lebron win a ring this year, but I would still bet on him getting it before I would on kyrie taking the cavs past the first round.
babaganoosh7492::What about the time that Lebron single handedly carried a Cavs team of nobodies to the NBA finals?
Antsea91::He was choking before the finals. 2010 vs celtics ring a bell?
4thQuar7er::I disagree that Lebron has never been clutch.  That detroit game was one for the ages.  His gamewinner against orlando.  There are many examples.  But you obviously did not watch the  Boston series... unlike the Dallas series, Lebron actually gave up.  He not only failed to make good decisions, but his defense was horrid. It actually looked right then and there, that he wanted to leave.  He would be walking on D while Cleveland was still on O.  He would miss rotations.  I remember that game, that game was different.    Choking means you tried and failed.  It is understandable.  Giving up on the other hand....
zerkcs::didn't the 2010 celtics lose in 7 in the finals? that was an extremely tough team. by that logic dwight choked it up when they lost to the celts in 6. yet everyone likes to say that dwight is on a bad team and that it's not his fault. there's so much double standard from nba fans it's hilarious
imhungry13579::oh how quickly people forget...u think lebron hasnt been clutch his whole career?  he had a bad finals...so what.  how many players get to the finals.  not many.  lebrons team usually is up by enough in the 4th that clutch stats dont come into play.  but if ur talking 4th quarters.  lebrons had PLENTY of dominating ones.  especially in the playoffs.  how bout kyrie gets to the playoffs, and does well, then u can start making claims
RayKrebbs1978::I agree Irving will be in the League long after Lin is forgotten.  Check this out http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_30
aematt17::I'd take Kyrie over Lin any day! Go Cavs!
goalie1113::not really saying much lol.... kyrie was a #1 overall pick. lin is off the streets
pldailey::Props to Cleveland for another close win! Irving is really showing that he deserved that number 1 pick!
itsaboutteam::nice to see a no. 1 pick that leaves no doubt he deserved it.
Rengel12::Ohhh Myyyy.. Portland has 122 points on SA... still 6 min left.. JEeeeeeze!
frazinat0r24::Portland rap.ed the Spurs tonight.
kjb1108::Lebron...if he wants to be clutch, he has two places to look. On his current team with DWade, and if its too complicated, watch Kyrie. But, if its still too hard, too bad.
jcr54321::Good game LeBron!!
So-Cals-Finest::Couldn't find him in the 4th quarter.
kjb1108::off subject...think the Tribe may have a shot at the wild card...but with no right handed bat it will be tough. will sit back and enjoy acab while hes still on the team.
Sansoda281::The Tribe actually has a great shot at the division, if not a better shot.
TheRubioLoveConnection::Wiggle, Wiggle, Wiggle, Wiggle, Wiggle, YEAH!
theotherguy76::If Kyrie Irving pulls LeQuit when his contract expires, I'll never watch NBA again.
KingGeorge53::There is no one on the planet that has LeBron like Ego.    When it comes time in about 5 - 6 years for Kyrie to make that decision, I'm sure it'll be done with class no matter where he chooses to go.
chitownsports54::This comment is irrelevant...he is a rookie...
jrab09::Oh please. What else are you gonna do in Cleveland?
yata9arasu::Good night everyone!  Can't wait to take on the Hornets tomorrow!  Let's go Cavs!
KingGeorge53::Cya yata.   I'm heading out as well.      all the rest of the players report Thursday for the Tribe!   WahoooooaoOOOOogasm
T.O.G.M.S.17::im gonna leave everyone with the rumor that apparently Hillis and Browns have reached a verbal agreement. GOOD NITE TO ALL! =)
da_browns91::trololololololed
yata9arasu::NICE!
themightyrule10::what's the likelihood of swapping sessions for pau gasol?
kjb1108::ive said that too...him and cassipi too. maybe need another team involved
KingGeorge53::Geesch... well if it happens I bet it' for a quick turn around for the Cavaliers.   As in a third team.    We trade Sessions, but get in the lottery and more picks for Gasol.
themightyrule10::Are cavs fans nervous of sessions possibly going to LA?
KingGeorge53::why would we be nervous?   If he brings the right stuff in return.    We traded Mo Williams last season to LA and got Kyrie Irving.   i'll do that every time around the block and then some.
KingGeorge53::Bo.obie Gibson had 3 blocks tonight.   One of those "what?" kind of stats.
yata9arasu::Lol....  Go $@%!$@!
windy city bombers::ima a bulls fan,but they should talk about irving instead of over loading us wit this lin guy-anese
TheRubioLoveConnection::Small market Vs Big market...
TheRubioLoveConnection::As a Timberwovles fan, I think Kyrie Irving should win ROY. With that being said though, I'd rather have RICKY RUBIO on my team.
KingGeorge53::good story.   Glad you like your guy.
theotherguy76::I gotta admit, when Irving went 1st pick, I thought he's overrated and he's a bust - but now I BELIEVE in this guy. He's the next CP3!!!  GO CAVS!
T.O.G.M.S.17::anyone else know that Elvis' favorite team was the Browns? apparently he would attend games in full disguise
42canada::No one likes Elvis
joah5454::Kyrie's clutch LeBron is not Cleveland must be happy
mjsk_g::After further review, that last 3pointer shouldn't have counted..... It was still in his hand!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Cav's should have won by 4..
1mproperDancing::Really not a lot of point in reviewing it since it didn't change the outcome of the game.  If that had been for the win they obviously would have reviewed it right away.  If it was still in his hand, the NBA will probably reverse it sometime in the next week.  But again, a win is a win, so it's pretty irrelevant unless you've got Gordon on your fantasy team.
AMcKenna310::or if you're a betting man and you took the cavs -1.5
T.O.G.M.S.17::i remember someone predicting cavs winning by 4 lol
mjsk_g::Just saying...
KingGeorge53::Doesn't matter.    Cavaliers win.
jrab09::Wow Antawn Jamison actually hit half of his shots. Thats probably why Kyrie Irving had more than 5 assists for once
KingGeorge53::LOL   Sad but true.
T.O.G.M.S.17::how awesome would it be if the Browns manage to sign Pierre Garcon in FA?? the guy is just what we need. put him next to Blackmon and Little and we have a very good receiving core. plus hes a Mount Union guy.
mavrickelite777::Would love Garcon as his playing days in college were right down the road at Mount Union.
cland4ever::or sign bowe and another corner draft rg (hopefully falls to 4) then with 22 another lb and 2 round a de or rt
T.O.G.M.S.17::hey that works with me.
cland4ever::i think we'd be good at rg because pinksten would move over with steinbach back and u can get a RT in 2nd or 3rd that wil be a good starter
T.O.G.M.S.17::i would be good with that scenario. only thing we would need is a RT and RG and we would be set
brownsjoe::we are 1 1/2 games behind the celtics and the knicks for the 7th and 8th spot and we play them both right after the all star break i think we get 8th seed
cland4ever::if we trade sessions and antawn unles kyrie takes it to anothe rlevel and thompson suddenly gains an offensive game i doubt we'd make playoffs and if they traded varejao there is no way this yearat least
zipclassic::Worst place to be during a rebuild is out of the lottery. It's nice that they're creating a culture of winning with this team but let's not go overboard. They really need a top 10 pick to get anything decent.. Probably will considering Jamison is most likely traded and Varejao could be on the block too.
brownsjoe::lets hope
sa330206::From CBSSports Cleveland gets two first rounders starting in 2013 and continuing through 2017, and the Heat's 2012 second-round pick from New Orleans and a future second-round pick Miami acquired from Oklahoma City.  The Cavs also have the right to swap first-round picks with the Heat in 2012. Cleveland also picked up a trade exception that could be worth up to $16 million.
cland4ever::woudlnt it be funny if lebron left and d wade got hurt and miami just sucked nad was bottom 5 after that an we got there picks for years
cland4ever::i mean its possible if lebrons  opt out and by then wade wil be 32 and an injuried old 32 at that
KingGeorge53::lol   it would be ironic at that.
T.O.G.M.S.17::What did we do with our 2nd round pick this year DaAndre Liggins from UK?
KingGeorge53::The Cavaliers drafted Milan Macvan with the 54th pick  this past season.
T.O.G.M.S.17::nvm he went to Orlando
KingGeorge53::NO.   we got some pf/c and he's playing very well in Europe.    Scouts say he projects as a bench player at best for the NBA at this point.   But he is tearing it up in the euro league.
T.O.G.M.S.17::ohh Mivac i think his name is. thats good to hear.
JHCASHION::KYRIE &gt; RUBIO
deftones86::The real question is Kyrie &gt; Lin
KingGeorge53::Kryie is Irvincingly better than lin.
brownsjoe::way to state the obvious
brownsjoe::if the kings get the 8th seed what do we get??
sa330206::I think we'd be OK with some more solid pieces/depth.
KingGeorge53::true, but we need at least ONE impact player that will end up a all star type player at either SG/SF or C.
KingGeorge53::Wouldn't it be nice to have a bunch of mid to low 1st rounders that we could possibly trade up to pick out a couple impact players?
brownsjoe::oh but that wont happen
KingGeorge53::that team, the Kings, are far better than us on paper.    Makes me smh when I see them mess up so much.    Their team reminds me of a Ricky Davis led team.
T.O.G.M.S.17::the 16th overall pick
T.O.G.M.S.17::did we get anything in the Justin Harper trade to Orlando?
1mproperDancing::We got two future second-rounders I believe.
cland4ever::dwight howard considered us as a team to be traded to for 5 minutes
Big_Air21::Dude, 6 TOs? Gonna have to cut that down, Kyrie...
1mproperDancing::I think the most important stat is that he had seventeen points and no turnovers in the fourth quarter.
KingGeorge53::This is one of those stats that don't matter when you have the guy that ice's the game winners and/or like tonight makes that huge come back win.
Rengel12::That usually doesn't happen, one bad game in that category, the other stats and the massive 4th quarter make up for that
brownsjoe::pat shurmer was at the game lmao!!!
cland4ever::he might of gave the first half speech and told them to do bad so in the 2nd half there is a ton of room for improvement
KingGeorge53::I hope he was taking notes for the offense.
cland4ever::jeffery gained weight up to 250 now and might run a 4.8 40
Stainless Steel City 6x::If the browns were smart, they would take Alshon Jeffery and pick up a running back though FA. The browns D is legit, so if the browns start scoring 20 points a game, they would be a playoff team no question.
Rengel12::How many Total picks will the Cavs have this year, Can you tell me the rounds too please? I want it to be specific lol
Rengel12::Dont we have Miami's picks or something?
KingGeorge53::this year's 2nd round I believe.   Next year's 1st?
sa330206::Hopefully the kings pick it up and get the 8 seed (not gonna happen)
iCandid::3.  One first rounder.  2 second rounders, the other being new Orleans so in the early second round.  Which is almost where we ended up making our first pick every year when leBron was here.
KingGeorge53::if we keep winning, we'll end up with a not so good pick in the 1st round.    We need, IMHO, to get in the top 8 unless all the GMs ahead of us are Danny Ferry Disciples.
adeptimg::I may be wrong, but I think they have 4 picks.
KingGeorge53::they have one pick at this point in time in the first round.
cland4ever::they will own the entire first round
brownsjoe::how many first rounds ?? thats all i care about
brownsjoe::i wanted to see manny harris come in
yata9arasu::Can't wait to see what he can do.  Hopefully he improved from last year.  Let us give him one more chance.  Liked him last year.
brownsjoe::tommorow ???
KingGeorge53::too close of a game.    We'll see him get some minutes soon enough.
cland4ever::has enes kanter done anything this year it seems like he averages 4 pts a game
cland4ever::i wouldnt know because utah gets no publicity because all espn cares about is what kind of socks jeremy lin is wearing or if lebron and miami went on a cute little date
TDJimBrown::I thought i heard he's promising.  Grabbing a lot of boards.
KingGeorge53::Kanter?   More like making everyone bored.
cland4ever::i wanted him during the draft but right now it looks like thompsons a better player and maybe bettter then willaims to on the twolves
btopps75::Mostly bench player, I think he is overrated.
KingGeorge53::A rich man's Ryan Hollins.
KingGeorge53::lmao... I completely forgot about that dude.
brownsjoe::gee is a boss
brownsjoe::ahaha kyrie!
KingGeorge53::that was some connection.   I mean right on the money and Gee threw the hammer down.   That play stabbed the Pistons right smack in the heart.    Now if Gee just lays it in gently, wouldn't have had the same effect.
KingGeorge53::what about that over the back pass to Gee int he 4th Q!    Wahoo!
MORON_101::who is the most irrelevant NBA player this season?
KingGeorge53::IMHO I think it's D. Williams.   Remember when everyone said "Pick D Williams #1"?
Stainless Steel City 6x::Guilty :(. Him and Kemba are looking mediocre right now. Disaster avoided.
T.O.G.M.S.17::everybody on the Spurs cuz nobody talks about them but they keep winning
Stainless Steel City 6x::John Wall
MrLumpz::Oden
Stainless Steel City 6x::Thats a sad story.
yata9arasu::This even makes me more confused....  Why the hell would the LAC trade us a top 10 pick but not have it protected at least?  Their owner truly is an idiot....  Wow...  THANK YOU THOUGH!  :D
gobrowns8127::It was unprotected because it was the only way the cavs would make that deal. The clippers wanted so badly to get rid of davis and his contract they said ok.
1mproperDancing::What this dude said.  The Cavs refused to do the deal with pick protection, and the Clippers really, really wanted to get rid of Baron Davis.  As they are the Clippers, this plan backfire spectacularly.  Of course, had the Clippers kept Baron Davis, they probably wouldn't have had the same record.  They may have won more, they may have won less.  Regardless, they probably wouldn't have had the same position in the lottery, and the number one pick wouldn't have fallen into their lap anyway.  It's one of those crazy "what-if" scenarios that people could debate about for years.  But yeah, had the Clippers somehow kept and gotten that first pick...that team might have been even scarier than the one they have now.  Not this year so much, but in three years?  Five?  Of course you have to bear in mind that they would have also kept Gordon and that Minny pick.
yata9arasu::The Baron Davis+1st round unprotected(Kyrie) for Mo Williams + Jamario Moon trade.  I still don't understand why it wasn't protected.  Most teams put restrictions on those type of trades but not the Clippers I guess.  Lol.
KingGeorge53::Mo and B Davis's contract were just to enticing.
Stainless Steel City 6x::When your a top 5 team located LA. You don't need to draft anyone... You could just snatch other teams stars through free agency (ala chris paul).
rockndoc2::LA has theirs and Dallas.....those will be 20 -25
KingGeorge53::they have a top 10 pick yata?   I thought they would be picking somehting like 22 - 30 with both picks.
MrLumpz::Kyrie's got some big hairy balls!
KingGeorge53::I've not looked that close as I'm just sniffing.
T.O.G.M.S.17::whats the restrictions with the Sacramento pick we have
T.O.G.M.S.17::well that sux. what about the Miami picks. is it first or 2nd round? and how manY?
iCandid::New Orleans second rounder this year, not first.
iCandid::We have New Orleans this year(via the Heat) and two Miami first rounders from 2013 to 2017.  We have the option to swap with Miami this year, which is irrelevant.
btopps75::We will have Miami's picks i think. 1st round.
KingGeorge53::protected unless the Kings make the PO for like the next 200 years.   Then it becomes a 2nd rounder.
btopps75::We are not going to get it this year, unless they win like 30 straight.
cland4ever::top 14 2012 then top 13 and keeps going down
JHCASHION::Is Kyrie Clutch?  http://awesomelyawake.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/yes_logo.png
BuckeyeheadKyle::night guys, I got school at 8 am. :(
yata9arasu::Good night!  :)
T.O.G.M.S.17::that sux. cya later
KingGeorge53::good luck with that bro.   I have Jerry Springer at 9
Stainless Steel City 6x::LMAO!
btopps75::Here's proof that Chicago has Charlotte's first pick: http://www.nbadraft.net/2012mock_draft
jp2k6::ill take draymond green plz
iCandid::That draft has us taking two SGs?  What?
iCandid::Protected pick man, and with the way the Bobcats are run they won't see that pick until 2016.
cland4ever::its top 14 protected so they wont have it
BuckeyeheadKyle::They have us taking Bradley Beal and Alex Young, I would rather have Terrence Ross and Dreymont Green.
KingGeorge53::I'd be jiggity with Beal.
yata9arasu::I remember when I heard that the Bulls had the Bobcats pick this year......  Then I did some research and saw it was protected.  I almost got scared thinking of Rose + Davis......
Stainless Steel City 6x::Am I the only one who thinks Davis isn't that good? I would take T- Rob/Perry Jones/Austin Rivers/Harrison Barns/Sullinger over him anyday,
Stainless Steel City 6x::I wasn't necessarily talking for the cavs, But I completely understand where your coming from on Sully. He isn't a player who you can build around, he will be a Tristan Thompson type player once he gets in the Big leagues. Austin Rivers on the other hand, reminds me of Monte Ellis, I would love to see him in a Cavs jersey.
KingGeorge53::I'm sorry and don't mean to be mean, but I'm not a sullinger fan, especially for the Cavaliers.   He's another tweener like D Williams.   Too small for the PF and too Slow for the SF.   IMHO  However, I'd be happy with all those other picks except Rivers.   I'd take Rivers in the 2nd round and low 2nd round.
KingGeorge53::WoW!
BuckeyeheadKyle::+ Boozer
