Mitchel Mejias Jr.::C's signed Vander Blue from the D-League. Maybe he can score? 35 points in his last game in 39 minutes...
Liam Sibson::Are you and Chelo related? Or the same person?
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Liam Sibson   I'm Chelo, My account was suspended for 12 hours...This is my backup account.
Doug Coleman::Mitchel Mejias Jr. Not good to troll on your actual FB account, huh? Be a man and stop hiding behind fake accounts.
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::VICTORY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sanouse Magane::see we gonna get a winning steak\
Zach Batizy::If the Wizards have a game that can get them over .500 they will lose it.
Nick Mullinix::Yup.. I made a ton on the last 2
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Where is that loser Doug Coleman?? he came here hoping the c's would lose. Now he's hiding like a little girl...frightened by the monster in her closet
Cory Nope::Well, hes not on here asking for you.......so what does that say about your "loser" remark?
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Cory Nope   Surprised you didn't get killed in a drone strike tonight LOL!
Cory Nope::Mitchel Mejias Jr. Says the guy who would look at home in a saudi head dress..... Obviously lives werent falling from the sky this evening- here you are! lol
Chelo Mejias::Celtics clobber the Wizards 98-83
Genya Kilimnik::what a shot by Green he has been on fire tonight.
Thomas Paul Owens Sr.::They're at 500...time for another poo-poo game against a poo-poo team. Why does this team refuse to go even 1 game above even??
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Celtics are making your poo poo team seem more poo poo
Genya Kilimnik::Mitchel Mejias Jr. : Chelio I hope you know more about basketball than football. And how come you never returned to your thread about tracking troll's?
Nick Mullinix::Dear God the Wiz are pathetic.  At least I'm making money... Celtics ML +425
Thomas Paul Owens Sr.::it's like every time they reach 500, their hemorrhoids act up!
Joe Brooks::HEY BOSTON...There are 2 halves in a game!!!
Sanouse Magane::celtics is not poo poo well gell get at.500
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Celtics have lost a lot of 1-4 point games. They could easily be 20-23
Eric Jvon Thomas::Wizards we need this , don't drop a easy game
Tommy Van Noppen::Is John Wall Trolling?
Dionicio Contee::Jeff is putting on a show!
Dominic Sanone::Jeff Green is a gamer!
Carlos Peralta::Pressey is legit.
Eric Young::Ok some pretty bad comments below.  A) The C's have shown a lot of promise and can beat anyone at anytime as this season has already proven.  B) The Wiz coach right now is great.   What they need is a reason to believe in themselves. A long playoff run and a close series in the second round may be just what the doctor ordered.
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::You're dreaming, the Wiz couldn't win a playoff series if their lives depended on it.
Genya Kilimnik::Good game, nice shot by Gdub to finish the game. Best game I have ever seen from Jeff Green, who is a heck of a player. Still I do not expect Boston to win many more. Wizards slept on them and got down too many early valiant effort on their part.
Brandon Milligan::Wizards lack a good bench and have a terrible coach. Getting really tired of losing to teams we should beat, or getting blown out by teams we should compete with. Wittman sucks, the bench sucks, and Wall is a beast.
Gerry Miller::I have heard comments that John Wall should have been selected to start on the All Star team. It sure does not look like it tonight - He is getting shredded by an undrafted rookie (Pressey).
Chris Smith::Hmm wall had a triple double and even a blind squirll (pressey) finds a nut.. insane shooting night from 3 for the kid but he sides that he was junk.. even fouled out
Greg J Williams::Wizards will continue to SUCK as long as Wall is jacking up 28 shots to score 28 pts!! He needs to be a distributor first, scorer 2nd......
Mike Bird Munger::LOOOOOOOOOL@ GIVING AN OVERRATED SCRUB LIKE JOHN WALL THE LEBRON CALLS!!!  ONCE AGAIN BILL KENNEDY SHOWS HIS ANTI-CELTICS BIAS.
Dustin David::You're the reason why the country hates Boston fans.. and I'm a Boston fan.. get over yourself
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Dustin David   You're what's wrong with C's fans, You'd rather bash one of your own to please someone from a different part of the country
Dustin David::Mitchel Mejias Jr. Or maybe I'm a knowledgeable fan that is tired of ignorant fans making us look bad. Look at the guys comment. Any one with any basketball IQ wouldn't call John Wall a scrub. If this guy used the EXACT same context but changed the name to Rajon Rondo you'd be crying a river on his post.
Daniel DiCicco::The box score is incorrect ;  Chris Johnson did play and missed twice in the first half.. Shooting A wide open  three point   which he airballed. Hardcore.
Daniel DiCicco::Glad to see it was looked into ESPN
Joseph Evans::Dear Boston,  Stop Tanking because it's so obvious. Win a game against a quality opponent.   Signed,  Sixers Fan
Genya Kilimnik::it is not obvious they are just bad. Due to talent they are usually at a disadvantage on a nightly basis. Unless they luck up and get to play Milwaukee.
Robert Roncaglia::Why? they tend to gain more by losing
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::And the Sixers aren't tanking?, Blind fat boy
Chavi Muniz::Green scored 39 including a 3 off on foot and Phil Pressley scores 20, the C's definitely had the luck of the irish with them tonight.
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Or the eye of the tiger
