YeahTerps420::Durant &gt; LeBron  When he played at Rucker Park, that was just sick, dropped like 66 on um
ThunderHornz::Lol at peeps laughing because we beat some "weak" teams. That's how it starts dumazz-first you win the games you are supposed to win..........
mistervoit08::OKC THUNDIES = 2013 NBA CHAMPIONS
Okcin2013::Who has the best record in the Nba?
KD_does it::You know this mannnnn!!!
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::HA! THUNDER UP!!!!!!!
Okcin2013::ThunderUp!
ruedsone10::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgtW8sMynVw&amp;feature=plcp
ruedsone10::KD sucks https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgtW8sMynVw&amp;feature=plcp
Westjag::So let's see... ATL ONLY beats Orlando by six, LAC only beats Bobcats by six,  BKN ONLY beats TOR by six, while Heat and Spurs both lose.. Yet people want to TRY and bash the Thunder for winning. It's 12/12/12 people! Crazy s*** was happening.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Every team had a bad game. What's good is we play like crap and still won. No Championship team won the title and not lose any games that season. NOT ONE. Let them hate we have the best record in the NBA. When your the best you have haters around comes with the game. They just provide is all with laughs anyways.
tarheel11104::Austin Rivers is shooting 32% from the field and 62% from the line... I'm not too sure why he's in the starting lineup.
ThunderCane8::I really liked what I saw from him last night, honestly. He hustles around, he's quick and he's an excellent ball handler. He's got decent moves. He's just on a terrible team and he's still learning. He's probably never going to be anything super special but he's going to be a starter in the NBA for a long time. I've watched him on tv a couple games and been really unimpressed but watching him at the game last night I could see why they like the kid. He's doing all he can.
goostate24::IDK what any ignorant OKC fans or any OKC trolls say, everyone on the team is playing to the best they can play right now. Russell is playing better than ever, Durant is Durant, serge is playing better than ever, perk's D has been swarming, Martin is filling in perfectly erasing the loss of harden, Thabo is playing at his best ever, and the thunder are destroying who they play. Sure they've played a rather soft schedule so far, but they are winning. By a lot. The best record in the league, the best offense in the league, and the largest margin of victory too.
Barry660314::Kevin Durant chose # 35 cause his goal was 35 points a game. Westbrick chose 0 cause his goal was having 0 assists a game. Lol
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Hey dummy he averages 8.5 a game. Some idiots around today.
Chargers_4_Sale::Old and not funny.
Barry660314::Typical hornets effort.
idontcareaboutyou99::Okie City will never win a NBA title--such a small town will never win the big one
OUALUM89::We have a population of over 400 thousand, with 1.7 million...counting suburbs and nearby towns,and anyway, what does size have to do with anything. We have great owners with deep pockets and a rabid fan base that loves our Thunder and fills up Chesapeake Center for every game, so we are doing just fine....thank you.
Sonic_Sooner::This, from a SQUAWK?
goostate24::That has nothing to do with it, as numerous sports teams have proven over and over. Go learn a little bit about sports before you get on a chat page bud.
Barry660314::New Orleans saints and green bay packers won the super bowl..
k_angel_iii::Looks like another Thunder/Spurs West at this rate. Some people are disrespecting the Thunder, even if they played scrubs, but the point is the winning streak. I like good teams that show they are good and not just on paper, and right now the Thunder are it.
bigdaddyblackwood::Struggling with a putrid 5 and 16 Hornets team at home is not the sign of an elite team. lol
goostate24::And the thunder have already beat New Orleans by 30 twice. These people are getting dumber and dumber seriously.
Liberal Feminist::Ignorant!! Are the Spurs and Heat "Not Elite" because they lost last night too!!.......Moron!!
Liberal Feminist::And the Heat lost to the Wizzards......What's your excuse for that??????
Liberal Feminist::But they LOST you idiot!! who cares about how much they lost by.  THEY LOST!! and what about the Spurs!!  You don't have anything to say about that do you?  Didn't think so!!!
Barry660314::Actually the heat lost to a sup rising golden state team by only 1 so.... Yeah.
bigdaddyblackwood::SPURS/KNICKS&gt;&gt;okie city sonics
RDavison82::Is that why OKC has the best record in the league? Knicks are trash always have been always will be and one decent start to season isnt going to change that
smokeysaj::If Westbrook gets injured the Thunder will have a shot at the title.
Td4mvp3::I wish the best of luck to all teams and hope everyone can stay healthy for what will hopefully be an amazing postseason
ForeverGrapeOKC::With the Spurs falling to the Jazz on a buzzer beater. OKC has the best record in the Association. #ThunderUp!
Td4mvp3::how the hell did we get beat by the utah jazz...I am so embarrased right now...the whole city of san antonio is hanging its head in shame...now I know how the heat felt when they lost to the wizards
Maniacpkt::finally, spurs lost
Okcin2013::Durant put the city on his back mvp style.ThunderUp!
Liberal Feminist::He's sick in the 4th quarter.  I think he went something like 5/7 from the field and scored 13pts.  Pretty awesome!!    Durant/Melo/Lebron in a 3 man race for MVP so far.
goostate24::funny, everyone hates on Westbrook, but didn't say a damn thing when he carried OKC on his back through the finals and harden went 3-20 every single game of the finals. OKC is better now after the trade, they are playing perfect together. If you disagree, you have 0 proof until that 18-4 best in the NBA record and 9 wins in a row changes.
Barrybran::Oh yeah, his decision making is improving for sure but he's got a fair bit of work ahead of him. It shouldn't take 14 shots to figure out it's not his night on the scoring front. The bonus is that he's still very young. As for Sooner's comment, if you showed up for work doing whatever you wanted to do for half your day BEFORE deciding to do something productive for your workmates, you see how long you stay employed.
Barrybran::FatCat gets it. Noone is saying Westbrook isn't an excellent player. I'm just saying there are better players than him, especially at PG. If Rose wasn't injured he would have played more minutes than Westbrook at the Olympics. If Rondo was available, it would have been a toss up between the two though Rondo is the better player at the moment.  As for your Ripken analogy, baseball is a sport of natural ebbs and flows. Hitters will have purple patches and periods where they can't get a hit. Baseball managers manage these players by keeping up their at bats. In basketball, if your shooting touch isn't there you don't keep shooting, you get involved in other ways. Westbrook's first instinct is to shoot, good game or bad. Until he improves his decision making he will stay below the level of CP3, Rose and now Rondo.
DCJohnsonHBG08::We talking about the same Rondo who got cut from the FIBA team in 2010, then cried and said he didn't get a fair shot. The same Fiba team that Russell Westbrook was the 6th man on. C'mon don't just type just to type. I like Rondo and all but to say he's on a level above Westbrook when he can't hit  a jumper consistently is rediculous. And as far as D. Rose and Westbrook go they are pretty much the same player on difference is D.Rose has to carry his team when he's healthy and Westbrook has the best scorer in the league playing beside him, so people notice his bad shots more. As far as Chris Paul goes you are right, he isn't on the same level as Chris Paul, but then again no PG in the league is...
Bigdaddyosu04::And he still ended with 14 points shooting 14 shots
Bigdaddyosu04::Russel only shot twice in the second half and ended with 9 assists. If his first reaction was shoot like you say he would have ended with another 12 shots or something. It just proves how much better his decision making is now
Sonic_Sooner::Interesting points you make.  But throughout the points you make, YOU PROVE MY POINT.  You say "IF RONDO WAS AVAILABLE" it would have been a toss-up.  Well, RONDO WASN'T AVAILABLE.  Russell Athletic WAS AVAILABLE.  You say "IF ROSE WASN'T INJURED he would have played more minutes than Westbrook at the Olympics".  Well, ROSE WAS INJURED.  Westbrook played every game.  CONSISTENCY counts, and the BIGGEST part of consistency is showing up for work every day, even if you have a bad day at the office sometimes.
FatCat_00::So you think Westbrook is perfect ? People criticize him because they see he can still be get much better ....He is already a  great player but his shot selection and decision making still has to improve
Frank_Einstein1921::Dude is scary good in my mind.  He's a beast, and he will only get better.  Westbrook reminds me of Kobe at the same age.
Sonic_Sooner::Of course I don't think Russell Athletic is perfect.  No one is.  But there is NO OTHER PLAYER except LeBron James excelling at the consistent all-around level of Russell Westbrook.  ESPN has a nice little tab above for NBA stats.  Check it out.  You'll see that Westbrook is #6 in the NBA in scoring; #5 in the NBA in assists; #4 in the NBA in steals, and leads all NBA guards in rebounding.  I don't know how much you think he can improve, but yeah, it will be scary if he does.
Barrybran::Shouldn't that be a message? Good to see Westbrook's decision making is improving but he's got a long way to go. He'll be scary good when he figures it out. For now though, he's a tier or two below the top players.
OKC Ram::Sonic stop being such a homer.  Anybody can see that Westbrooks weak spot has been his decision making.  I don't think anybody is saying he isn't a great player.  It's just good to see him improving on his weakness, his decisions.
Sonic_Sooner::That's why he's wearing an Olympic Gold Medal, and on the All-NBA 2nd Team.  Stop showing your ignorance, Barrybran.
Bigdaddyosu04::If it wasnt for westbrook the thunder wouldnt have made the finals last year. And even tonight when he was shooting bad he stopped shooting so much and his assists went up
Barrybran::Even Martin is more consistent than Westbrook.
Barrybran::Harden is more consistent than Westbrook is. Until Westbrook improves his consistency he'll continue to be knocked.
Sonic_Sooner::Russell Athletic has played in over 300 straight games - the longest streak in the NBA.  Was Cal Ripken consistent?  Stop believing everything Skip Bayless tells you, Barrybran.
Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards::Martin replaces Harden almost identically
Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards::Westbrook had an off shooting night, so I assume the "Westbrick" trolls are out
Liberal Feminist::Scoring 27pts in the first half is an all out slaughter of the LA defense.  At that point it doesn't matter what Westbrook does after that because he's done enough to merit attention.  any Attention that Westbrook takes off of Durant only makes it that much easier for the Thunder to win.  Westbrook did his job.
JrueRandallHoliday::Dude, he started off hit and then murdered himself in the second half of that L.A game...
goostate24::Yep they sure are. They were nonexistent when he murdered LA a couple nights ago of course.
Poor Oregon::Westbrook is good but he's not a good fit with Durant.
DCJohnsonHBG08::Man Sonic, don't tell these sheep anything. They just regurgitate what they hear on ESPN. When the Thunder win the NBA championship they will all be talking about how great Durant AND Westbrook are, because thats what the analysts will be saying
Sonic_Sooner::Interesting, isn't it that Durant has managed to win THREE STRAIGHT NBA SCORING TITLES with a point guard that is not a good fit with him?
FatCat_00::thats how great he is
goostate24::"Man I hate Westbrook SOOOOO MUCHHHH. All he does is score, defend, assist, rebound, and everything in between to get OKC to the best record in the NBA. He is sooooo terrible. ONLY a 45 point triple double In the finals last season?? Man, I hate him. I'm tired of seeing him do good. OKC needs to trade the most elusive PG in the league NOW!"     Anyone else tired of hearing idiots say this?
Barrybran::Westbrick just misses out on another triple double (points/assists/missed shots).
thunderfan93::Once again Russel Westbrook plays terribly and the Thunder just eek out a win. This really needs to stop. Russell please. Realize that you are a POINT GUARD. And stop shooting so much. Realize you're having an off night and spread the ball around to someone who was born to score, liiiiiiike Kevin Durant.
goostate24::Russell is 5th in the league in assists, just came off a game were he was 10-14 for 24 points in the first half, and still dished out 9 assists, while KD scored way above his season average. And, Russell hit 3 huge shots to give us the lead. it's one thing that so many thunder fans hate on one of the best guards in the world, it's another when they are wrong while doing it.
TheBirdsOfWar::Just think how great the Thunder would be without Westbrick. They would be unstoppable with a point guard like Chris Paul.
DCJohnsonHBG08::What a stupid comment. Chris Paul is the PG in the league so by definition he would be an improvement over any starting PG in the league. The Thunder are fine with Westbrook. Does he make bad decisions sometimes? Yes. But what young players don't? Especially when they switch positions from college to the NBA. And if you're still hating on him just check the freakin stats!!!!
4 Petes Sake::Ill give you $12.50 to shut the fu.ck up and put a bullet in your brain.
- WackyWavingInflatableArmFlailingTubeMan::2 more at home and then off to Atlanta for revenge! We should (at the least) win 12 in a row and be 21-4. Then we play @ Minnesota, and that'll be a good game! Let's keep winning guys. (:
ThunderUpUNCPokes::Winning at Atlanta is NO easy task. Thunder can do it....and I hope they do. But let's first hope that we can beat San Antonio at home and redeem ourselves.
Jimmywilson33::These overrated bums deserved to lose this game. OKC will never win a championship with the supporting cast around durant. I kno he doesnt score a lot of points but Perk Is the only other valuable guy on the team. They should get rid of everyone else expecially Westbrook he is terrible. Him and shefalosha shoot brick after brick after brick. I'd keep Ibaka too. OKC will never win with what they got now
Sweetwilly013::Posts like this one are the comic relief of this forum. Nice display of ignorance.
goostate24::Lol he said all Thabo does is brick shots when he has the #2 field goal percentage in the nba for all guards. Idiot never watches basketball.
ThunderUpUNCPokes::-_-
catchingfire_21::^^^ couldnt have said it better myself
lake_405::Out of all the sperm in your dads most likely disease ridden junk how were you the fastest one?
Redskins534::hahahaha youre a funny dude
Rip City Forever::Damian lillard for rookie of the year! Book it! Anthony davis is a stud though
James Harden 3 point Celebration::Forget the MVP forget the scoring title, Durant wants that ring
.Whack Momba.::<b> leakers should trade gasoft for a pack of cigarettes</b>
Sonic_Sooner::Equal value, but the salaries don't match up.
thedude0612::I would hope no GM is dumb enough to trade for Gasol. Bad knees AND a huge contract?
Maniacpkt::lakers won't trade gasol based on his contract, no one wants to eat that
thunderguy80::Gasol=biggest over paid big man in the league
ThaLakeShow56::No.
rickyoil::durant just beat lebron in the spelling bee lebron missed the word clutch and kd got it right
ThaLakeShow56::Trade Eric Gordan and bet he'll magically heal.
.Whack Momba.::<b> okc fan i don't even live in lousina swamp dumb b3an3r</b>
lake_405::lousina ?
ForeverGrapeOKC::I swear every game the Celtics play comes down to the final 30 secs
.Whack Momba.::okc fan idiot
Brad21212::Good game in Bos
.Whack Momba.::<b> the lakeshow how are the scrub LEAKERS LOL 94-100 to the CAVS</b>
WildBillHiccup122::And still a better record than NO.
RDavison82::Hornets don't have 100 million dollar payroll.
Just one mans opinion::Good game hornets.  Thunder  are a great team
Oklahoman2424::Player A: 27.0 PPG; 8.5 RPG; 4.3 APG; 1.43 SPG; 1.43 BPG Player B: 25.2 PPG; 8.8 RPG; 6.8 APG; 1.37 SPG; 0.79 BPG  Which player would you vote for MVP or want on your team?
Westjag::A
Sweetwilly013::A no question
RDavison82::A
gt1master_ike::B
vickfan770::B
Just one mans opinion::B
thunderguy80::A
Oklahoman2424::A is Durant B is Lebron
RDavison82::Durant
.Whack Momba.::durant plays no defense
ForeverGrapeOKC::tell that to Anderson tonight  14 points on 6-14 shooting
Oklahoman2424::Plays no defense? He has almost 1 block more per game than James and slightly less steals.
ForeverGrapeOKC::A
thunderguy80::Is it just me or does Robin Lopez look like the missing caveman from Geico
Boomtown405::My buddy said that earlier lol
gt1master_ike::KD saved his team today.  Stillhave to be proud of the way the Hornets fought today.
Moski87::Where the hell is Eric Gordon? He's supposed to be the best player for N.O but he's always hurt!
Maniacpkt::shoulda let dallas take him and sign oj instead
rickyoil::whodattrackgeauxtigers Lebron does so many things Durant can't do. 2 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  THIS coming from a guy saying anthony davis is a top 35 player already lol
rickyoil::id take kd on my team any day over the queen
rebel of the under ground::Rebounding is a wash. Scoring is definitely KD, as is clutch. Passing and defense Lebron, though KD is decent and improving in those areas
.Whack Momba.::<b>  Davis can put 20-10-5  he just got back from an injury $@%!</b>
Just one mans opinion::Gooden didn't do that at 19
Just one mans opinion::Gooden didn't do that at 19
.Whack Momba.::<b> i'm an okc fan idiot</b>
.Whack Momba.::<b> leaker fans shouldn't be talking</b>
NolaJag::He's got just much of a right as you do
OttoBonn55::They're the most prestigious, successful franchise in the NBA. Like some scrub NO fan has any right to say who should "shut up"
ThaLakeShow55::Drew Gooden can put up 26-13-11, secretly the best player in the league if he could do it once.
joest2003::ANY player in the NBA can put up 20-10-5........hop off his D
joest2003::Not even hating on Davis but hes got a way to go to even become the ROY yet alone one of the best NBA players that $@%! was jus outrageous.
Maniacpkt::he actually has to play in games and not sit on the DL for one
ThaLakeShow55::If Ryan Anderson is better than you, than you arent a top 35 player.
