mason8181::My Lakers will knock these wannabes right out of the playoffs... as usual.
mkhouri2875::The same Lakers that can't get out of each other's way and will get taken to the woodshed by Miami later today? The Lakers team where Dwight Howard's dad has to come to his defense to tell Kobe to stop flapping his gums in the breeze? Those Lakers? The Lakers that can't defend a corpse? Those Lakers? You must a be Lakers fan in CO cuz you're obviously stoned.
Gucci Force Four::The Lakers fans should be more concerned with making the playoffs than trying to beat the Nuggets in the playoffs just saying.
Nuggets719-303::4th seed&gt;10th seed
mason8181::Hope Lakers get to 8th spot and Nuggets get to 1st.
Bronx_Kid::LOL Lakers can barely beat the Bobcats. What a f###ing tool
ryne3113::You just mad cuz you had to type the word playoffs.
mason8181::You just mad cuz chicken nuggets cant beat Lakers in the playoffs.
Nuggets719-303::Loser
TSlakersmvp::Dion Waiters keep ballin..Rookie of the year
diehardnr1::After watching Dre play in his first rotation, I was irked by his "Millerdrama" comments...especially the one about more minutes. Be happy you are not wasting away in POR dude...You knew what role you were coming into! Sends the wrong message... Why run that mouth unless you know you are being traded or want to be? Save that crap for the off-season either way!  As far as the Marquee Player comment goes...DUDE you are supposed to be the veteran leader on this TEAM. You have 2 or 3 budding SuperStars in the making...why dis them and the team concept?? If Faried dominates at AllStar break then that Star might be born this season.  Way to mess with his head Dre...  Anybody else wish Chauncey were back?
diehardnr1::GG Cavs...the G dude scared me in 1st and Kylie seems to be progressing nicely...GL  Wow!... 8 Nuggets in double figures...and a Chandler in-and-out 3 from the ENTIRE team scoring 10+...  Now THATS the way to handle the first night of a dbl dbl...would have been nice to save some legs late, but I do not think DEN will come out tired vs BOS tomorrow. . They seem to love playing the Big teams...too bad its not national...but still need a Statement Game out of the Nuggets in Beantown.  Great TEAM effort AGAIN!  Good Killer Instinct in keeping the lead around double figures by making the plays when needed.    Kudos to GK for keeping the 7fters minutes down as they will need them tonight...expect a Mozzy sighting as well.  GO NUGGETS!!!
yin315::Not if Cleveland know anything about goaltending anyway.
yin315::What goaltending? It didn't look like goaltending to me!!
BurnabyJoeFan::It was close.. it may have peaked or it may have been still rising. Hard to say. I think a non call is appropriate there. One went against McGee in CHI that was similar. Win some calls and lose some.
diehardnr1::Looked good to me as well...amazing play
Matt23180::Looked like right at the top of the arc.  Good game anyway.
DAnnyPrImetIme15::I had no idea Tristan Thompson was that fat. Dude has legitimate $@%! and he's trying to guard Faried.
masterosports_newcomp::What the hell happened here?  Bill popped by? Like BillOntario?...wth?
JustineS04::No, just some generic Bill O O troll.
JustineS04::Woah, the Indians added Giambi. That's funny.
Alex47666::i get more and more special every time i read a bill comment so im out   nuggets &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; bill's team
Compton C.A::This probably been said a million times but I don't know.... anyways Kenneth Faried looks like Ace Hood. haha
JustineS04::Ace Hood is always mean-mugging and Manimal is perma-smiling. Not to mention Hood always looks stoned out of his mind, and Faried always looks either passionate or happy. But I kinda see what you're saying.
charlie hustle bets the over::no one called him that in the ovc.  "manimal" was coined during the nba combine
JustineS04::And for the obvious reason. He's part man, part animal, and 100% awesome.
JustineS04::Goes back to college. it's his nickname. And it suits him.
Compton C.A::Haha Yeah. Just appearance wise.  But wth, why you guys call Faried Manimal?
Compton C.A::Haha.  They look exactly alike.
jayeteee::LOL..
JustineS04::That's a new one actually.
jayeteee::Anyway, Nuggets looked good. Hope they keep it up. It's been a fun ride. 'Night all..........
Bill O O::Ok, see you guys at next nuggets Cavs game
JustineS04::Ok guys, I've got better things to do than this (like sleep). Night.
huskers0717::See ya, J-Queen.
JustineS04::Haha, comes out of nowhere to say bye. Nice.
jayeteee::This is for Bill. He asked what a jut was:  jut = To extend outward or upward beyond the limits of the main body.  Or in your case, whenever you see me and that so-called banana in your pocket.
Bill O O::Jayetee, please remove that picture of yourself, unless you are uglier then leave it
jayeteee::Okay, Bill, it's a caricature, but I didn't want to disappoint you and get your panties in a bunch.
Alex47666::bill wouldnt know that   if he wasnt special
Bill O O::Does Denver have good mental institutions?
JustineS04::No, the main one isn't located in Denver. It's in Pueblo.
Bill O O::Oh, that's where you guys are
Bill O O::Thanks for liking jayte
jayeteee::Derp. That wasn't me.
jayeteee::We don't have institutions, they just write prescriptions and we sit around all day w/ our pipes and deal w/ it.
Bill O O::It doesn't seem so
Alex47666::probably not as good as the one your in
JustineS04::How happy is Chris Paul that his trade to the Lakers got nixed? Still in LA, on a better, younger, more exciting team. More salary cap room too.
will.mebs::Clippers are still old.  Everyne but Jordan and Griffin are old as fuckk
Bill O O::Alex, Justin, and jayetee, time for yor shots, says nurse
Bill O O::What is a jut?
JustineS04::Here's one: IRONY I-R-O-N-Y.
Bill O O::Denver people can't spell
Alex47666::its was my way of making u feel more special bill
JustineS04::Who's Justin?
JustineS04::I'm not Justin.
jayeteee::I think he meant Bieber? Seems like his type.
Bill O O::You
Alex47666::beaver he was jut on SNL
Bill O O::Don't worry most of your cases are curable
jayeteee::Do they have a cure for what ails you yet, Bill?
Alex47666::but your's isnt bill   thats y your special
jayeteee::Make mine a Jack Daniels!
Alex47666::when bill was a boy he was playing in the sand box with his fire truck and a firetruck passed by so he ran to his mommy and told her when he grows up he wants to be a fireman   but his mom told him silly billy u cant grow up u have aids
jayeteee::Wow, not nice. But funny anyway.
JustineS04::I didn't think it was funny, but I laughed at your chill dude comment.
Alex47666::thanks jayeteee
JustineS04::Umm, an AIDS joke?
JustineS04::Fresh by referring to a tragic epidemic of the 90s?
Alex47666::keeping it fresh
Bill O O::I think Alex and jayetee need to go to bed. Like if you disagree.
Bill O O::Only one like
JustineS04::JayeTee: Oh, they're real alright, it's just that no team gives its all 100% of the time. And I'm sure Karl already convinced them he'd be happy w/ a split.   I agree. I also think that the NBA has certain built in schedule losses. That's one of them. Sucks it'll probably end our win streak though. I honestly don't remember the last time we were on a double digit win streak.
jayeteee::The NFL is the only one that really has a fair schedule, but that's probably a lot easier since they only play once a week. The NBA schedule is just helter skelter. Like they were throwing darts or something.
JustineS04::I'm sure too. But I bet with some programming you could make it better. All teams get equal treatment schedule wise, but come playoff time crazy NBA reffing gets even worse. And that's saying something.
jayeteee::Or at least make one game of a BtB at home. IDK, I'm sure making the schedule's not an easy job. Thing is, come playoff time, all teams get equal treatment.
JustineS04::Yeah. I don't trust David Stern though. Compare the Lakers' opening schedule to ours. Something's fishy. They could make it better by having teams play back to backs, but have the opposing team be coming off a back to back too. It was super crazy last year.
jayeteee::Bill once thought he had a friend, but his mom told him to take his hands out of his pockets and the friend went away.
Alex47666::i think bill needs to go to bed   like if u agree
jayeteee::Is that how you spell bed? :-P
Bill O O::I am about ready for bedd
Alex47666::its how bill spells it
JustineS04::Or "Bedd." I hear it's lovely this time of year.
jayeteee::Bill reminds me of the scene in The Exorcist where she did a 360 w/ her head. I'm sure in real life Bill's head is on a swivel.
JustineS04::Yeah the Celtics haven't played since Thursday. We've played twice since the last time they played. THANKS STERN.
denverboi1993::I've seen this post before.
JustineS04::By me? Haha. Same idea, different post. I'm not pleased about it.
jayeteee::Just turrible.........
Bill O O::I think Boston will destroy the nuggets. Like if you disagree.
Bill O O::Nobody disagreed!
jayeteee::I'm going out on a limb here, but I think it's 'cause nobody likes you. Pun intended.
Bill O O::Well I guess we all agree.  Thanks
jayeteee::You got a mouse in your pocket?
Bill O O::Looks like mom says bedd Jayetee needs to quit posting, it really annoying
jayeteee::Bill, you have options. Do I need to define to you what options means?
Alex47666::probably couldnt spell options
Alex47666::thats not how u spell the word bed   so until your at the grade level where  u dont have spelling issues then stop posting $@%!
Bill O O::How did that happen?
tyc94 Returns::Interesting game tomorrow between the nuggets and the celtics, two teams on winning streaks
JustineS04::So sadly, I think the magic win streak ends in Boston. If they win that game though, we'll know they're real.
jayeteee::Oh, they're real alright, it's just that no team gives its all 100% of the time. And I'm sure Karl already convinced them he'd be happy w/ a split.
jayeteee::W/ the weather and less than a 24 hour turnaround, advantage Celtics.
JustineS04::And the Celtics are rested.
JustineS04::Except for Boston hasn't played since Thursday, we're off a B2B and it's an early-ish game. And there's a huge snow storm.
Alex47666::relax dude im high as $@%! i must have read it wrong
JustineS04::I heard Thursday on the postgame and thought, "Oh great, we're screwed."
JustineS04::When did I say Tuesday?
Alex47666::u said tuesday i saw
JustineS04::I love how Bill O O thinks Jayetee really looks like John Elway.
Bill O O::Why is living in Denver good?
jayeteee::It's our little secret, Bill, you just stay wherever the hell you are.
Bill O O::John elway needs to quit smiling
jayeteee::Bill needs to quit posting.
JustineS04::When you're a Superbowl winning QB who's been highly successful in business and in the FO and you live in Denver, you have a lot to be happy about.
jayeteee::Sssshhhhh, it's like a baby rattle to him.
tyc94 Returns::Denver would have at least the third seed if it weren't for the stupid @ss scheduling from the nba
airicad::Lot of ifs in this sport.  The Clips wouldn't have had such a terrible January if Paul, Griffin, Crawford, and Billups hadn't all been injured.
JustineS04::Yeah, but that's just the nature of the game. We had that happen last season. Sucks, but it happens. We got Sterned though.
tyc94 Returns::scheduling is different than injuries, their is no excuse for how bad the schedule for the nuggets were
JustineS04::What do you think they'd have if it wasn't a superstar driven league and was officiated better?
Alex47666::and ty got his calls when he drives to the net
Bill O O::Denver = sacramento
Bill O O::I meant stupid
Alex47666::we know bill u are stupid but we dont call special people stupid   because that would be wrong
Bill O O::Justine is tepid and ugly
Alex47666::its ok bill special people a'rent treated any different
JustineS04::If you're really desperate for attention, you try posting something factually true or an opinion that other people might be interested in.  It's called having a conversation. You should try it some time.
tyc94 Returns::except their actually good
JustineS04::Re Andre Miller: jayeteee - Nah, I think he's getting some bad ink for some things that were taken out of context.  Really? Did you see what I ranted about it on our board?
jayeteee::You mean earlier today or yesterday? LOL. Did you call him a diva or a prima donna? I think he opened his mouth and now he's having a hard time covering up. In today's media, that's easy to do.
JustineS04::I mean, even if you think teams can't win in the playoffs without a superstar, don't say that. You're our veteran guy. Why risk turning that into a self-fulfilling prophecy. Show better leadership.
Bill O O::Jayetee , in the name of god take down that picture of yourself
jayeteee::You love it and you know it. But there is another option if you really despise it.......You could always leave. :-P
petersoncooper::Maybe the Lakers can hire Keith Smart to shore up their D?  bwahahahahaha
airicad::Iguodala's defense since mid-January has been of staggering proportions.  I've watched every Nuggets game since then and what's he done to his opponents is just ridiculous.  Here's a list of his victims from the last 6 games alone.  Mind you, most of these guys aren't scrubs by a long stretch.  Waiters 1/6, Deng 4/13, Ellis 6/21, Gordon 3/8, Harden 6/13 with 6 TO's  The recent Iguodala is what the Nuggets need, not a go-to-scorer like people seemed to want him to be earlier in the year.  9-12 shot attempts, an efficient 50+ FG% from the field, a secondary ball distributor, an active rebounder.  He's been a steals and blocks machine lately - not only a shutdown defender but also a defensive leader for his teammates on the floor.  He's a huge reason the Nuggets have been able to close out games recently - team defense has just been swarming and that leads to easy transition baskets.
petersoncooper::They can't  leave Andre Miller out there with Lawson for too long.  They need to  play McGeee more since they like to switch the pick and roll so much.  I think they should just back off the dribble, and make the guy with the ball score, but what do I know?
JustineS04::Yes this X 1,000. Can you go comment this on that stupid Klis article?
jayeteee::Yeah, Klis seems to be negative about all things Denver lately. Wonder if he's going through a divorce or something?
Bill O O::I've seen better chemistry in a high school chemistry class than the nuggets
Bill O O::The nurse will be in with your meds
Alex47666::thats great bill but u a'rent smart enough to be in high school bill
Alex47666::i bet we're both older than ur $@%
Bill O O::Alex47666 - thats great bill but u a'rent smart enough to be in high school bill  Alex and jay it's time for bed
jayeteee::You mean yesterday, don't you, Bill?
JustineS04::Oh I thought you were going to say the Lakers. Then I was going to like that post.
jayeteee::Have you ever seen a team throw more personnel within their organization under the bus than the Lakers?
JustineS04::Never. Now it's not just personnel. It's players. Trashing each other. Publicly. On purpose. I've never seen anything like it. And they have players' parents getting involved. It's unprecedented.
jayeteee::I meant personnel as inclusive of the whole org(players, management, relatives, etc.).
Alex47666::wow the jazz lost to the kings now that just sad
JustineS04::That's good is what it is.
Bill O O::If think he nuggets suck, do not like this post
Bill O O::It unanimous
Alex47666::ok i will reply on your poor english skill   nuggets &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; your team and we all know its not the cavs
JustineS04::What do you think the worst team to be on in the NBA would be?
Bill O O::The nuggets
jayeteee::Nah, I think he's getting some bad ink for some things that were taken out of context.
JustineS04::Even if you hate the Nuggets, it'd be such a fun team to be on. They're hilarious, great chemistry, great passers, no divas (except Andre Miller a wee bit).
Alex47666::no one cares what special people think but thanks anyway
jayeteee::The Lakers. All that hype and no action.
JustineS04::Yeah, the Lakers because even Dwight Howard's dad is involved. Things are soooo far out of control.
Alex47666::the kings
JustineS04::The only bright spot is that Seattle should help and the new owners aren't going to put up them.
JustineS04::I am going to say Sacramento or the Lakers at this moment in time.
JustineS04::No you wouldn't. They're spending all their money on HOFers. And Kobe, Dwight, Pau, and Nash would all be making more money elsewhere. Salary cap. So you'd probably be Jodie Meeks.
Alex47666::the lakers im ok with i would a least make bank
jayeteee::Bill O O once had a girlfriend, but she sat on a nail and all the air went out of her.
Alex47666::bill once had a girlfriend then he realized she was fake and actually a guy
jayeteee::She was always asking him to sit on her/his lap so they could talk about whatever popped up.
TheBronx303::She also couldn't decipher whether she sat on a nail or his lap..
jayeteee::LOL. His nickname's Needled.ick.
Bill O O::I jayetee and alex Both in same institution
Bill O O::No he is my master
JustineS04::You're not Bill Ontario, are you?
JustineS04::Wait, is this the Bill? The GOAT of trolling?
Bill O O::None can compete with the Master
JustineS04::Like Bill Ontario, is that who it is?
petersoncooper::Seems like a Lakers fan, reality has not set in yet.
Alex47666::or an actual cavs fan who thinks the cavs are the best team without a superstar
JustineS04::Serious question.
Bill O O::Jayetee's girlfriend looks like Rosie o'donnel
Bill O O::I liked
jayeteee::Hey, Bill, someone told me you once said something intelligent. I told them they had to be thinking of someone else, Bill's just not that kinda' guy.
jayeteee::Why deny it, she's got money, and at least I have a girlfriend.
Bill O O::No denial I see
Alex47666::any else think it scary he talks and talks about jaeteee alot   i would watch out jayeteee u might be getting stocked
jayeteee::LOL. Bill's a puppet. I hurt his feelings and this is his attempt to pay me back.
petersoncooper::I'm an Earl Clark owner, in a fantasy league.
Bill O O::Cavs will draft Marcus smart and kick A$$
TheBronx303::The NBA draft makes the NFL draft look like a sure thing...
Alex47666::didnt realize drafting one player will change every thing about the team in one year
The Random Dude35::Who think Denver should have gotten a player is the All-Star Game.
JustineS04::Maybe no one. Iguodala is top 3 defender. The all-star game is about who plays well in November and December. We had a grueling schedule and were on the road. We hadn't clicked yet. If anyone went, it should've been Faried or Gallo. Gallo had a slow start to the season.
Bugasuga::FARIED!
TheBronx303::I could care less. Hopefully it puts a chip on everyone's shoulder come playoff time..
jayeteee::We're okay w/ it. If Denver can keep playing the way they are, it'll be a story line 'til someone eliminates them.
JustineS04::I also wanna re-sign Iguodala. I think he doesn't get enough credit for solving our defensive woes of a year ago.
Alex47666::ya we should he does a lot of work for us not just a scorer
Alex47666::yep he makes the rest of the players  play bettter D as well
JustineS04::Great passer, really high basketball IQ. He's a big part of this team.
JustineS04::And we should put a bonus clause in if he can make 75% of his FTs.
jayeteee::Bill, when you ride the short bus to school, do they make you sit in the front row?
Bill O O::If I was jayetee I would get a face transplant
JustineS04::I'm not jayetee, but I totally remember faceoff.
jayeteee::Yeah, w/ Nick Cage and Travolta.
JustineS04::If you were John Elway's bobblehead doll you'd do that? To be which bobblehead?
Alex47666::jayteteee did u see the movie face off
jayeteee::If you were me, I'd be you.
Alex47666::does some nice person help and follow u around school with your work
Alex47666::that was a good one
JustineS04::Know what we should do though? Re-sign Masai Ujiri for a kajjillion dollars.
