tani_budde::Sorry Portland, but Damian won't be winning that RoY award.
stvmarine::We have a young team, our starting 5 is decent  but we have no bench at all. Go blazers Go ducks!!!
clinds232::I want rudy back...
junoNCAL::yee my boi J-Smoove putting up numbers! good job hawks
Hotsauce1014::I AGREE 100%
1337s0lja::J Smoove should be traded. His discipline level on a scale of 10 is somewhere around 4. Its funny because some nights you see him play his position (post up, running the floor, etc..) and then when it matters most he puts up the high arcing jump shot where he is shooting less than 23% from.  We need to trade him while he still has value. I would have done the Gasol trade.
ATLANTA BRAVES TOMAHAWK CHOP::yeaaaa go hawks!!
saintsrapackofcheaters::I have been using this system for betting called Sportsbettingstar. In only a month I doubled my bankroll following this system. You can find the system on the first page of Google by searching the words Sports Betting System.
NW-Prophet82::Well, worst we could do is go 2-80. We've won two games at the NBA level so far...
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::I know Portland fans keep talking about cap space but it seems like we hear that every year, and Aldridge's career feels like it's being wasted. Hopefully Lillard can help turn them around (bay area kid so I'm rooting for him).
ilovecheese0707::is this a joke?
3 fans like this::not a good game
The Ghost 503::4fg and 6 rb isnt enough from LA
UO2012::We're not gonna get far with this bench play....6 points tonight total...no depth, no wonder we're 2-5...gonna be a long season for the Blazers :(
PTSup20::Didn't see this one...rough game for Lillard?
rumelpob::Portland is so bad this year.  Just plain awful to watch.
LetsGoBraves2012::hawks need to sign kenyon martin.  we need frontcourt help.
zdunn1785::we have ivan johnson......
LetsGoBraves2012::CP3 and DH12 to ATL?
1337s0lja::I would like that too but then again I dont want whiners on our team in atl. Dwight Howard is a crybaby and has no respect for his coaches, managers, etc.
CBass1317::you better hope LA $@%!$@% implodes
LetsGoBraves2012::im glad we got rid of marvin williams. he was dead weight. joe johnson will be missed before this season is over, but it is what it is. we had to get rid of that albatross contract.
1337s0lja::Plus Joe was never playoff material when it came to the second round in the playoffs.  The offense that we were running thru  w /Joe was stagnant late in the 3rd and 4th because Joe always tried to put up these amazing shots.
redevelopmentguy::Let's keep things in perspective.  The Blazers are a young team that will have major cap space this upcoming off season. While we won't make the playoffs this year, we'll have a chance at another high draft pick.  Within a couple of years the Blazers will be fine.  Now on to Sacramento to play the DeMarcus-less Kings.
CBass1317::How will we have major cap space????
Kobelies247::Been saying that since 2000!   Few more years wont hurt i guess!!!
ClydeTheGlide_22::http://www.hoopsstats.com/basketball/fantasy/nba/teamstats/13/7/diffeff/1-1 Full bench stats for every team.  Hard to find any category that the blazers aren't last in...
WTDOregonDucks::first round draft pick goes to the portland trail blazers
stvmarine::I think he meant 1st pick
Rip_City27::Every team gets a first round draft pick dummy
Kobelies247::OH Batum is only 23! When he turns 33 LOOK OUT NBA!!!! HAHAHA
Kobelies247::yup
Dadsterbug::Batum makes 48 mil?   I don't think so...oh...maybe over the life of the contract...not per year...
CBass1317::@ Kobe - You don't think the numbers posted up there are worth 10 mil?  Wake up to the modern NBA. SMH.  If you are gonna troll, at least have a little knowledge.
Dadsterbug::Our biggest bargain is JJ at 4 mil a year!
Kobelies247::LOL, 10 Mill per year for Batum IS $@%!$@%!!!!
brandon92161::should be on the wolves
CBass1317::He has been playing very well this year, no?
CBass1317::20 pts, 6 rebs, 3 asts, 2.5 steals and a block?  38% from 3.  I know you are a troller and all, but those are damn good numbers.  Along with Lillard, he is like the only bright spot on a terrible team right now.
Kobelies247::Not worth 48mill! 48 mill players win games!  48mill players make their teammates better!
Dadsterbug::Over half the team is rookies or 1 year bench warmers...bad decisions trying to put together a winning team with a lineup like that!
BaySports226::Portland bench might lose in the D League...
van.muhle::Trade Mathews back to Utah just for karmas sake
BaySports226::I wonder what the worst bench of all time was?  Portland's might challenge that...
Rip_City27::Oh they already have it lol
BaySports226::Haha not much room to get worse...
CBass1317::absolutely.  They must be close to a record for fewest bench points through 7 games.
BaySports226::Starters are just fine!  Ugh...
CBass1317::there are unemployed gunners out there and guys in the D league that could help Portland.  Somebody that can make shots, please!   Never thought I would be longing for the days of Patty Mills and Craig Smith.  And what is wrong with Freeland???  This guy went for like 29 against Spain in the olympics.  He can't even make layups out there.  Just horrible.
Kobelies247::Portland cant afford anyone else! Thank you Brandon Roy!
Kobelies247::Spoken like a true Blazer fan!
prisoner of academia::batum serves most of that blame
CBass1317::Batum has been playing pretty well. considering he is 23, I am feeling better about his deal.  But where are the creative moves by management for cheap but effective players?
Kobelies247::Is it a shock? NOPE! Blazer fans should be very use to forking out HUGE money for players that just arnt worth it....
Dadsterbug::New Team...New Dream!   Yup...new phrase...same old results.  Sorry Blazers...no playoffs this year.  A sad state of affairs when the long term fans know more about what the team needs than the front office does!
ClydeTheGlide_22::seriously, they should just get rid of everyone on the bench except for Leonard and maybe Barton, trade all these bums. they are worthless, and the reason why the blazers have choked in the last couple games is because the starters have to play for almost the whole game and are exhausted every night.
Kobelies247::Nice All-Star we got here! Cant even make simple free throws....Sad
killa_bd::Hawks do not miss Joe Johnson
CBass1317::what a disaster
JoeyAndrewJohnsOZKing::as I posted earlier, $1K on Hawks to win. profit $1.2K. thanks tips from sports betting solution!
Danny26278::Blazers 2-5
dickerson1268::Portland fans, there is no reason in hell your coach should be playing Sasha over Will Barton
Rip_City27::I agree
Cinciamann::Lemarcus Aldridge is like an anti-clutch Dirk Nowitzki who doesn't play defense.
BaySports226::Future is bright, as these young guys get older...  If Portland can find a bench somehow.
airic.ad::Terrible bench problem for Portland is augmented by the fact that they have to overplay their starters every night.  No wonder LMA looks gassed and can't even make his FTs.
NashvillePredator10::Korver is a great player
NashvillePredator10::what ever he does works so..
trevorcabo::For a slow white guy
Rip_City27::Everyone hatin on Lillard.. You dont know too much
cha cha chia123456::We're not hating, its just what it is. People think he is a derrick rose. Hell no! He is a good starter but not superstar
Rip_City27::Kobe didnt, wade didnt, durant didnt, james made the playoffs but out first round
Rip_City27::That is such bad logic hahaha you cant expect one player to just all of a sudden start wining from a lottery team dude
cha cha chia123456::Okay whatever. Just saying if he was that good then Portland wouldn't suck and would be winning games
Rip_City27::And not anyone can do that, half the people in the league cant create shots like he does
Rip_City27::Once again hes a ROOKIE, he doesnt even have a bad shot just not fallin the past 2 maybe 3 games
cha cha chia123456::yeah on terrible shooting. Anyone can average 18 on 40% fg percentage
Rip_City27::He is definitely an all star in this league hes a rookie averaging 18
Dadsterbug::Blazer bench outscored again...26-6...why isn't Babbit playing?
Rip_City27::Theyre all garbage even Babbit
dcjosh87::Neil Olshney is a joke, cant even bring 1 half decent player to come in from the bench, this teams hopeless without at least 2-3 bench players... We have 0
trevorcabo::Put together a terrible Clippr team He SUX
BaySports226::Literally 0...  Frustrating.
masterman1414::nice shooting lillard..lol  Layups are usually made in the NBA, don't know about how u did things at good old Weber St or anything though..lol
CBass1317::two LOLs?  Really?  wasn't funny at all.
airic.ad::Damn such high hopes for Portland again at the beginning of the season and they just turn out to be the same ol'... anyways, I'm glad the Hawks got this win cause they needed it.  Good to see Smith playing decent again and doing well with Horford up front.
Dadsterbug::False high hopes...every stinkin' year.  This year it's new team...new dream!   But it's gonna be the same...no playoffs or a 1st round exit.  But I've already predicted no playoffs.  We're saddled with a office that knows less than the long term fans!
CBass1317::high hopes?  Based on what?
DevastatorBonesJones::Lillard again.. just like westbrook.  except he misses more
cha cha chia123456::Westbrick
ilovecheese0707::Fu,CK YEA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Good game Portland. Good luck the rest of the way.  Go Hawks!
I NBA SUCKS::IM DONE BETTING NBA $@%! IS FUCKKING RIGGED
BaySports226::Down by 6, Portland bench has 6 points.  Can't find 1 or 2 guys that can get 6-10 points off the bench?  Lame...
Rip_City27::Delonte
LetsGoBraves2012::THIS HAWKS TEAM HAS HEART.  WINS OVER THE THUNDER, PACERS, BLAZERS ARE BIG TIME.  WE NEARLY BEAT THE HEAT IF IT WERENT FOR THE REFS.
ClydeTheGlide_22::as a blazer fan, this win is not big time. the blazers bench is disgustingly bad compared to their starters.
LetsGoBraves2012::HAWKS ARE NOW 3-3.  LETS BEAT THE WARRIORS AND KINGS AND FINISH OFF THIS WEST COAST ROAD TRIP IN STYLE.
