J-Short65::Mavs=biggest fluke title in last 20 years.
zepolian1::Mavs=different team than last year
DeeWig41::Good win Mavs, now win the rest of your games for the regular season!
Alan Hardt::Cuban,I can play four minutes a night and score one point.Can I have 9 million dollars?
yorklinks1::buy the lephone, only vibrates no ring http://bustasports.com/?page_id=169
jonny0916::A lot of Kings haters out there. Don't be mad because we won it all in 2002
ACandOJ::2002 WCF Game 7...epic choke job by the Kings
lamriverside13::what is WORLD PEACE thinking in that head of his?????  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vO92Q-ZCjm4
lamriverside13::he's drunk!!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gdqy9Y-hQuc
dbackssunsrattlers::I started betting on sports last year and tried a few pros for picks and never had any real luck. I found a sports betting system called Sportsbettingstar a few months ago surfing the internet one night. It is a 2 game betting system and I have won more money using this system than any other system I have tried so far. I am making the income of a part time job now just following this system. Thought I would share this if anyone out there is trying to find a betting system that actually works
Kings1976::going to bed... this utah hawaii dude is off his rocker.  its like talking to a child.  GO KINGS!
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Go and eat some JellO Motard!
Mikecito::Agreed... I'm hitting the sack too.  He's just a bitter guy that really dedicates himself to trolling.  I don't know why he hates so much, but that's his standard MO on all the boards I've seen him on.  Sad.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Hey Mikee, get some rest bro! Football season is not that far away........and the mighty Utes will crucify BYU again on September 15th.........and ya know it! Cheers!
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Another great game for Jizzer Fredette, 5-13 from the field........? I wonder when Jizzzz will make 1 shot this season with a hand in his face????? I think Fredette oughta start texting Adam Morrison in eastern Europe and see if there is a roster spot available for him in that league.........because his slow a$$ isn't NBA quality!!!! Nice win Mavs!
Kings1976::jimmer isn't the best player ever but he's brought a lot of revenue to the kings and has a lot of potential.  why do you hate him so bad?
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::He has a two year contract........he'll be gone! Dude, I've done 100 times more Mormon chicks than Joseph Smith ever did. Jizzer should worry about me doing his fiance' actually.
Kings1976::i guess youre wrong there buddy.  the nba is paying him a lot of money to be too slow hahaha.    like i said he isn't perfect... but you're a pretty sad case, man.  did he sleep with your girl or something?
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Who gives a damn? Fredette stinks! He is too slow for NBA ball, PERIOD!
Kings1976::seriously this guy is a complete loser, hating on jimmer and mormons all day, seems obsessed if you ask me.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::You really don't know much about the LDS culture........and I do.
Kings1976::thats really sad that you diss your friends beliefs so much.  i guess they aren't really your friends after all. you aren't quite right in the head, i think.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Bro, my last name is Romney and I'm from SLC, Utah originally. I have a million Mormon friends. But, LD$ Inc. makes the Ku Klux Klan look like Lil' Bo Peep.
Kings1976::i have a few mormon friends and their pretty decent people.  you have issues man.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Who, honestly, doesn't dislike Mormons? I don't like the Ku Klux Klan either.
Mikecito::You are pathetic...
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Hey Mikee, not quite as pathetic as Jizzer Fredette! By the way, are you ready for another curb-stomping on September 15th? The Utes are loaded this year and will pound the lowly BYU Bougars like a step child again!!!!
TezzyBaby64::Roddy B was balling. Vince Carter short on the finger roll. Too funny. Should be #1 on sportscenter not top ten plays.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Good win, Mavs.
cardsownthecuse::I find it funny that the Mavs and the Kings both went 41-92 for shooting in this game.
natskivna::Addition by subtraction for Dallas.  You guys shoulda dumped him months ago.
UteHawkeyeBronco2212::Jimmer is such a beast!
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Jizzer is God in Utah County........if that means anything? BWAHAHAHA!
phunky58::Love Isaiah thomas,  trade fredette and evans
glenbenstein::Best fantasy site I've ever used, give it a look http://www.fanduel.com/?invitedby=juice03585858&amp;cnl=da
Alan Hardt::Cuban...no center...no ring.Its simple as this!!!!!!!
--KINGME--::I'm out, gn all. Go kings
damn334::Dirk after the game talking about the win trying to make a push for the playoffs and about lamar odom http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-M4XB8JyUc&amp;feature=channel odom is a $@%!$ there i said it
winorgohome777::dumb nig
yorklinks::bynum shoots 80% in crunch time, is the 3rd most clutch nba player... after irving and melo.... NO KOBE OR LEBRON HAHA FULL CLUTCH RANKINGS http://bustasports.com/?p=784
kfilter::Dang I missed the game! How was it? Doesnt look like it went so well..
kfilter::cleveland also has 19 wins
kfilter::currently have the 4th worse record. Toronto only has 1 more win. Wash has 15 so we need to keep losing
--KINGME--::We need a defensive coach like Woodson
kfilter::true. But it could set us back...idk id have to look at him more
--KINGME--::I know, but if he works out he will be the defensive big we need
kfilter::espn mock has us taking drummond at #4.. ahhhh i have a feeling hes gonna be a bust
kfilter::possibly but i wouldnt go that far
--KINGME--::It could be next year maybe
kfilter::Id take bradley beal too. Thornton can score but should be a 6th man spark type of guy
kfilter::AD+cousins front line=playoffs in a couple years
--KINGME--::lose for MKG or AD!
kfilter::last games*
--KINGME--::yeah that is true
kfilter::i just dont want to end up with sullinger or drummond
kfilter::i dont think wsh can pass us
--KINGME--::Not sure, but cle and wsh won
--KINGME--::DMC was great again, too many missed fts and fastbreaks allowed
kfilter::anyone know if we lose the last game if our record is being close to passed by other teams giving us a better chance at the lottery
kfilter::sounds like most of the games of late
Billywhiterock::so so team looked flat and uninspired.
Bfoley32::if you like the "Odom" parody, there's a "hey Yu" parody for Yu Darvish and "Tebow and the Jets" as well under the same user
Bfoley32::There's a parody on YouTube simply entitled "Odom" . It's a work in progress and there will be a few changes made, so go easy if you don't like it. It will be updated
SB4LlFE::Kings are pathetic... jimmer sucks... smart can't coach.... is tyreke still a pg?
TyrekeTheKing13::man i like jimmer andd love to see him play good but there are some who take it to the next level
Billywhiterock::Why don't you swoop in and rescue Jimmer Chad? You two can go off into the sunset together!
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Jizzer + Chad = Brokeback Mountain................a "bromance" made in heaven!
brock n bryce::Jimmer is a stud
--KINGME--::don't forget for tha win
Billywhiterock::Chad's love is deeper lol
tlightner909::I know Odom is gone. I can't believe a moronic pus.sy like that made almost 9 million in 3 months of doing NOTHING.   LAMAR TO THE D LEAGUE! Let him play for the LA D-team
tlightner909::Brittney Griner &gt; than Bosh.. What does that make Odom? ROFL
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::Jeeze, he's married to Khloe Kardashian, isn't that punishment enough?  Have you seen that dude, er I mean chick?
chadwi12::if you dont love getting your brains beat out for a decade, then u dont love queens basketball
kcisney BYU::Dude, you're making real Jimmer fans look bad... Kings have struggled the last decade, sure, but they've had some glory days as well (especially when they got screwed over vs the Lakers back in the day). Let's not hate on the Kings, man.
--KINGME--::If you don't love anything besides jimmer, you are chad
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Chad dreams of Jizzer tea-bagging him!
--KINGME--::If the knicks are dumb enough to get rid of woodson we will take him
Dirk_Dwill_Dwight_Big_3_Big_D::Psychrates He's fat and throwing up 20/20s shut up already. damn. ----------------------------- You are still disregarding Cousins' defense. He cannot guard Love, Pau, Dirk, or Aldridge and I can name more PF's he could not match up with. Stop saying he can play PF because he is simply too fat to play it!!!
--KINGME--::We saw the knicks be bad on D or dantoni and then when woodson gets there they are great on D.
CDH11153::Its great the Kings have all these guys who can score........... There is so many guys on this roster who can score over 20 ppg........ They have to have the ability to play some Defense........
CDH11153::I think its cause he demands it a holds players accountable.......... You stand around on D or don't hustle...... You go to the BENCH period........ You have to play both ways........... To win
--KINGME--::That is what we need
Billywhiterock::The Kings defensive problems are the coaching not the players. FACT!
CDH11153::Actually BYU defense when Jimmer was there was really good......... They won a lot of games because of there D........And Dave Rose is the coach at BYU....... By the way he has one of the best records in the NCAAs over the last 6 years........ All I am saying is it isnt one guy out there that is getting burned when you give up over 100 points per game you are going to lose alot
Billywhiterock::BYU plays defense? I thought Joseph Smith forbade that? because the football team does not play it either. Lol
CDH11153::Have you watched much BYU football......... Just wondering there D wasnt that bad this year.......
Billywhiterock::I hate to say it but Smart's coaching style eerily reminds me of Lorenzo Romar of the Washington Huskies. He has top level talent who can't guard their own shadows. It's all run and gun and no fundamentals.
JBurhenn253::IT was actually a very good defender in college. UW defense has actually been very good that last few years before this year. they just gave up a ton of buckets because of their style of play. it was a very up and down game which gave opponents more shots
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::Well, I'll say this:  look at IT's defense at 5' 9" and compare to Jimmer at 6' 2".  IT came out of college playing much better defense than Jimmer did 4 years under whatever coach is at BYU.
JBurhenn253::unfortunately i am a die hard dawg fan as well. it reallly blows
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::Golden State's defense under Smart was pretty bad, too.  He's an offensive coach, which is fine, the offense is much better now, but he needs to get an assistant who knows defense.
CDH11153::Ya the coach can't run out there to help out on D..........
JBurhenn253::eh i dunno if i agree with this. Coach smart cant play defense for them. its up to the players to man up and lock up. its their job to stay in front of the ball handler, close out, box out etc
--KINGME--::its part of both
chadwi12::funny how byu democrat screams that everyone else is a racist, but he's on church wouldnt let blacks hold the most precious priesthood, that all the white men were allowed to hold... who is truly the racist i must ask..... mr conformist..
chadwi12::with a name like byu republican, excuse me for not being on such a but buddy level as to know his address and telephone number.....
chadwi12::byu rep, any response hear newly confirmed kings fan.... u make me sick u sell out
--KINGME--::lol @ sell out, he lives in SAC you moron. and he roots for the team jimmer plays for unlike you
PlayaMade5::I'm lost.
chadwi12::im just running my mouth... i love the mormon church.... but this guy has really ticked me off so i thought id make him a little uncomfortable
PlayaMade5::lol, you right.
--KINGME--::It's chad you shouldn't understand it
--KINGME--::If this kings team can get a defensive PF or C to control the paint and a coach who makes them defend hard, they have a great shot at making the playoffs next year
SB4LlFE::haha.. the kings and playoffs? how are they going to make the playoffs with selfish players
chadwi12::here we go... if they get this, if they get that.... or they could learn to swing the ball.... help on deeeee.... not go one on five.... and not be jealous of measely rookies.... (smarts words not mine)
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::Still the youngest team, may be .500 next year at best.
Dirk_Dwill_Dwight_Big_3_Big_D::Andre Drummond for the rescue!!
BYUrepublican::they need to work on defense and FTS
--KINGME--::yeah fts also
mdtuzo::love was 265 last year (is now 240). cousins is 270... if he gets a trainer he could lose at least 10 lbs in the offseason
tlightner909::Yeah, that is good. But with any work ethic and not being such a wanna-be thug...he could be GREAT.
Psychrates::He posts multiple 20/20s with 13% body fat. that's good.
Dirk_Dwill_Dwight_Big_3_Big_D::Cousins has 13% Body Fat....Thats bad.
chadwi12::this is my fav part of the night...... where the fans of the nba's most pathetic franchise, (because the kings actually have talent and yet can do nothing with it) get together post game and sing kooooooom bye ya.... talk about all the wonderful losses that lie ahead, and try to single out a couple of bad guys on the board, and hope that trying to trash them will take the edge off of the fact that they suck in every way.....  this way the real enemies dont have to be talked about... Smart, petrie, maloofs, evans, thorton, etc etc..... all the anti team guys....
chadwi12::i was right
JBurhenn253::haha get real. not one player on this kings squad is jealous or envious of jimmer except for maybe honeycutt. everyone else is better and gets more run
chadwi12::thats one
chadwi12::ummmm im talking about stuff that ive said that has come to fruition.... heres one example for you... third game of the season i said the kings were eat up with envy... every kings fan said i was crazy... guess what, in a SI article keith smart said that the kings players were eat up with jealousy towards fredette....
78Bevan::Yeah... Vegas will not let you bet on that.
chadwi12::the funny thing is, im proven right all the time....  im not always right... but im on the money more than anyone else up here
78Bevan::Chad, you are right more than others?  Really?  What are your percentages?  Please quantify how often you are correct so that we can flag you and have ESPN kick you off for promoting your gambling business.
JBurhenn253::says who? show me who decides who's right or wrong. how can you prove this?
chadwi12::what why would i do that dip stick... i said it was my fav part of the night..... i get a huge tickle out of you clueless idiots.. u have no clue that basket ball in ur city is being made a complete mockery by ur team... they dont play the game at all the right way, and u clueless bums just dont get it.... i lol at u all night long... u guys entertain me
--KINGME--::the funny thing is you actually believe the crap you spew
JBurhenn253::so we are all clueless huh? you have no idea who youre talking to or what basketball knowledge or experience any of us have. there is a reason these guys are in the nba and you are sitting at home on your couch.
BYUrepublican::i still dont care even if it was short.
JBurhenn253::why dont you do the rest of us a favor then and stop joining us on these boards then. sound good?
--KINGME--::Make it shorter for people to give a damn
Billywhiterock::Feel bad for IT. He seems to bring 100% every night but others are not pulling their share.
CDH11153::I think they all can and will be better on the Defensive end........ But you have to try to be as bad as they are right now on the Defensive end.... I am not singling any one out........ The whole team needs EFFORT on the D end....... Its not about the ability they aren't this far into basketball with out the ability.........
Billywhiterock::Well at least IT is getting thrown in the deep end as a rookie, he's only going to get better. The defense is a coaching problem in my opinion,
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::It is, we have some good one on one defenders, but poor help defense.
CDH11153::I feel bad for a couple of  the players......... But I have to disagree I don't think anyone on this team is giving 100% on the Defensive end.......When your team is 30th in points allowed per game........ Its the whole team being bad on defense not just a few players.....
PlayaMade5::I can say this T.Evans is a hell of a player, as soon as he leaves the Kings.
Psychrates::Carmelo Evans makes plays for himself. By either jacking up 3s with 20 on the clock or running into 3 defenders @ the hole and rying to sink a falling down scoop shot while prying for a foul. Garbage.
Psychrates::They have the exact same game and mentality. I wouldnt want either.
PlayaMade5::thats garbage, Evans and Melo are different players...Melo is a scorer, Evans is a playmaker.
Psychrates::Carmelo evans sucks.
PlayaMade5::Ok? Carmelo Evans sux.
Dirk_Dwill_Dwight_Big_3_Big_D::When he learns how to shoot...
Psychrates::I would give you Evans for Wall, Rondo, Wallace, Iguodala.  He's completely expendable.
PlayaMade5::Can be, if around some talent. Cant deny that this dude has serious potential....same with Wall, both is being held back because of the team they play on.
Dirk_Dwill_Dwight_Big_3_Big_D::Evans is no Rondo.
PlayaMade5::Rondo?...........dude is a playmaker, and he is a PG and is 6'6, put him on my team.
Dirk_Dwill_Dwight_Big_3_Big_D::DMC cant play the PF!! He is too fat!! Dirk Gasol and Love would tire that dude out!! Keep dreaming bro!! The Magic would want DMC for Howard anyways if they were going to trade!!
Psychrates::He's fat and throwing up 20/20s shut up already. damn.
mdtuzo::love was a heavy guy, all that needs to be done is for him to drop some weight its not hard at all
Dirk_Dwill_Dwight_Big_3_Big_D::And dropping weight is pretty hard if youve been fat all your life(Cousins).
Dirk_Dwill_Dwight_Big_3_Big_D::Not as heavy as Cousins...
brock n bryce::Why all the Jimmer hate?
brock n bryce::Jimmer is not a set shooter. All he did in college was create his own shot. He averaged around 29 ppp. Jimmer obviuosly is not creating his own shot as well as he did in college but he is still able to create and make plays. He will only get better.
CDH11153::The whole team is a defensive liability
Billywhiterock::Nobody hates Jimmer personally! They hate the fact that he was so hyped out of college when if you actually look at statistics many great set shooters from college have flopped in the NBA. He can't create his own shots and is a defensive liability so far.  FACTs
CDH11153::I also think people had way to high expectation for him and others in the lottery........ Missing camp this year has hurt the rookies....... You can look at the stats and see it.........
CDH11153::There isnt a player pick in the draft averaging over 18.8 ppg.......... I would say it has had a effect on them all......
JBurhenn253::it has hurt some rookies, not  all of em.
CharlesRiver27::People like to hate on people who are good. Human nature unfortunately.
chadwi12::its always this way... they will say its jimmer fans, but lately i have set quietly, and each night have been called out... they hate him.. prob for the same reasons the players on his team hate him...
CDH11153::30th in the league in points given up......... I don't know if 1 player from the draft can fix that...........Looks like the whole team needs to give more effort on the Defensive side of the ball........ Sad to see so much Offensive talent on one team together......... But no Defense EFFORT I think they have the talent to be good on the Defensive side at least to be a little better the 30th.........
y0u 41 MISunderstood::regardless, glad they found a way to win cuz that was crucial...
y0u 41 MISunderstood::overall tho. they had never really been a complete team unti llast year. and yes, i agree. 06 def. but i think the biggest difference last year for the mavs was the prescense of a big man (Chand.). i know that's kind of unrelated to defense in general, but yea. i think that is why they were so good and are sinking this year. haywood is not really a threat on offense, and even on defense he can be very lazy at times. The mavs needed the play they got today. i think moving Carter to the 3 was very smart, and it showed.  he had a very solid game. also, B WRIGHT. he is really the X factor, i think (outside of Dirk and really Terry playing well)
CDH11153::Sure would be fun to see them play Defense.......... I bet they would be tough to beat...... Just like the Mavs last year
y0u 41 MISunderstood::now you know how the mavs have felt for the last decade or so :3 until last year, they didn''t really EVER play  defense...
CDH11153::How much of them being better on defense last year had to do with Chandler.......... Don't think there is anyone in the draft like him though....
mdtuzo::especially dirk, who was one of the biggest pussies in the league until he decided to get mad
Dirk_Dwill_Dwight_Big_3_Big_D::06 they did...
--KINGME--::I agree
TubbyTime334::Thank God. Every game is a Must Win for The Mavs Now!!!
Dirk_Dwill_Dwight_Big_3_Big_D::This dude must be crazy if he really thinks the Kings have a chance at getting Dwight...
Psychrates::Now imagine DMC and D12. How does the other team get an offensive possession?
Psychrates::Keep smoking and youtubve those matchups, ya j a c k a s s .
Psychrates::We want him to leave. The cap space is outrageous.
Dirk_Dwill_Dwight_Big_3_Big_D::DMC cant play the PF!! He is too fat!! Dirk Gasol and Love would tire that dude out!! Keep dreaming bro!! The Magic would want DMC for Howard anyways if they were going to trade!!
PlayaMade5::Man...get off the gas....it isn't happening...even if it did, if he leaves, ya are screwed.
Psychrates::BEsides, besides stickbacks and rebounds D12 not THAT great.
Psychrates::BEhind D2 for now, yeah. No higher ceiling, and K. Love plays PF
Psychrates::Exactly, DMC and D12 would be the Yin/yang twins. Completely opposite complimentaery games.
Dirk_Dwill_Dwight_Big_3_Big_D::true. But he can change a team on the defensive end greatly!!
mdtuzo::this is mostly true (his post game is horrible). but he is an excellent defender
PlayaMade5::ok, you pretty much say DMac is the BEST Center in the game
PlayaMade5::I'm saying.....WTF, why would they give so much to rent the guy..
Psychrates::That's the point, just like yall said the same cr ap bout webber.
--KINGME--::D12 would not have a choice until the end of next season he would have to play next year, then we get cap space if he leaves
mdtuzo::better chance of going there than going to the mavs LOL
--KINGME--::Well it prob won't happen because the owners are braindead
Dirk_Dwill_Dwight_Big_3_Big_D::Dude come on bro!! Lets be real!!
itsatrap123::Night guys. Sorry about the trolls-every board has them. Anyways, sorry about the loss. Fourth quarter didn't go all too well but it happens. I just wonder what could happen if everyone brought their A game. Play a little D and good things could happen.
y0u 41 MISunderstood::you see, i respect that. i am a die hard mavs fan, but you are a true fan . good for you
--KINGME--::GN to you
--KINGME--::byu rep, ignore the jimmer fan scum
chadwi12::says a fan of cats like cousins, evans, and thorton.... yet jimmer fans are fans that represent scum... oh the irony
chadwi12::says a fan of classy cats like evans, thorton, and cousins... oh the irony with you
BYUrepublican::stop!
chadwi12::i tell u what byudemocrat, anytime u want to take matters in ur own hands, and kill me, head my way... keyboard tuff guy.. ill beat the ffffn breaks off of u
chadwi12::im not the one throwing kill out there like its nothing..... but if he wants to use those words, just here to let him know im much more comfy along those lines... i hate yappers.....
--KINGME--::hey look internet tough guy
josher1223::Anyone know why chickens don't wear underwear?
chadwi12::my pecker resides quite often around ur mothers face.....
itsatrap123::This guy knows his basketball all right.
chadwi12::my pecker is in ur mamas face..... JOSHER..... I NAMED U FOR A FUNNY AFTER I WAS DONE
BYUrepublican::your as bad as him!
timeub32100::cause they're bangin your mom?
BYUrepublican::what in the heck?
josher1223::Because just like Chadwick their pecker is on their face
PlayaMade5::I hate these Mavs....but a word of advice...if DMac can damage the Mavs like that, Imagine what Bynum can do to them in the Playoffs.....looks like we returning the favor Mavs.
mdtuzo::lol even brook lopez worked these old geezers; dropped 39 coming of an injury lolol
mdtuzo::bynum would take a messy shit all over the mavs... they should have sucked it up and resigned chandler
PlayaMade5::I'm saying
Psychrates::DMC kills BYnum, too. Calm down. He's better than BYnum.
Psychrates::Go to basketballreference.com and compare head to head. He kills Gasol, too.
PlayaMade5::Ok....where have you people been...what makes him better than Bynum?
Dirk_Dwill_Dwight_Big_3_Big_D::Cousins&gt;&gt;Bynum
PlayaMade5::Ahhhhhhhhhhhh.....funny.
For Tha Win::THE KINGS ARE A GHETTO TEAM  99% of the team was born in the GHETTO  they have a GHETTO mentality  and... they live near sacramento. hehe.
