nihoncon::Raptors had better points per possession just had less free throws
Emoney321000::I'm looking at the live on twitter thing on the side of my screen and @netsmagazine are talking about the Brooklyn Nets but they're still using the NJ Nets logo. Really?
superhippy420::I watched the whole game yesterday and honestly it was the most entertaining Nets-Raptors game I had ever seen.   The Raptors just played Indiana tough and Brooklyn tough, and I really dont think they are as bad as they have been.   If they can shoot around 50 percent they could make the playoffs with how un-even the east is (PREDICTION...Heat,Bulls,Nets,Pacers,Celtics, In that order,  No clue about 6,7, and 8...Some combination of Sixers Knicks Bucks Raptors.....Obviously the Magic, Bobcats, Cavs, and Wizards dont have a chance which only leaves 11 teams fighting for 8 spots.
chuckwheat02::JAY Z will buy them a championship..no worries.
phlyglesfan::(in big bold print) NETS WIN BROOKLYN DEBUT! (in much smaller print) against the bum as s raptors
wilcox1232::anyone else see the brooklyn knight intro and just think awful
Emoney321000::It didn't make any sense!
Chargers Fan In Texas::Nets still suck just in a worse city
mrfizzy85::so basically the lakers suck
SomeGuySays::Gotta say ... "Brooklyn Nets" is way cooler than "New Jersey Nets".  Old school and very cool.  If it was its own city, it would be the 4th largest city in the country.  It has more people than 10 U.S. states in an area that is only 71 sq miles.  2.5 million people in 71 square miles ... for a comparison, Chicago has 2.7 million people in an area of 227 square miles.  Good move.
fritolayz19::haha cool facts, i enjoyed reading that (no sarcasm)
Sportsfan61679::4 year 40 Million Wallace's Contract WAY BETTER THAN 5 year 100 million Amare contract
strongisland06::Match up both players and Amare is much better then Wallace. How bout that Joe Johnson contract? Having a billionair owner from Russia and some rapper still doesn't change the fact the Nets are still the Nets
johnfm101::spurs unis, not very original
phunky58::i hate when teams bring in new players, guys like marshon brooks who im sure could of outplayed joe johnson last night and prob many nights to come will be sitting on the bench.   its a damn shame.  get it together avery.. marshon can ball
sportscrazy45029::news flash.. nets still suck!
mrfizzy85::ur a pus$y
phunky58::lakers look like absolute trash.  slow, hard to watch.  they definitely aren't running anything that resembles the princeton offense so stop saying you are.   just look awful in general
Emoney321000::News Flash, they have more wins than the Lakers.
TommyNJ::Good opening night win.  Lopez dominating the middle!
fultzwagen::Lovin the old school look.
johnfm101::It's the spurs vintage 70's unis
patrick1234a::Raptors have some major decisions to make and fast. For example Ed Davis and Amir Johnson to the starting lineup to replace the Euro twins.  Landry Fields has been awful but with the other change at least we have some athletes starting.   It is great to have Lowry but he now shows how unathletic some of the other players are.  Maybe off the bench the Euro twins Bargnani can keep shooting and no harm if he misses and  Valanciunis can take a shot now and then.
Bus Driver Uppercut::JayZ is an owner of the Nets like I'm an owner of GM.  It's hilarious how the rich white billionaire dangles JayZ out there as a marketing puppet to attract support from the Brooklyn hipsters and hoodrats.  Smart....but hilarious.
NEVER_NOT_BEEN_BANNED::Why wasn't obozo there last night. Just think of the photo opportunity and "goodwill" with his peeps if he'd have shown up and saved the day...again.  But I guess most are still out of homes, food, gas, power and wouldn't have been able to thank their savior, though
NEVER_NOT_BEEN_BANNED::Awesome, great.....mighty Nets just swamp Toronto...Knicks are laughing at you losers right now, along with Jay and $@%!$ wife
XvarriorX::umm why exactly r they laughing at us?
JimPep::Why's it okay for the NBA to play in Brooklyn, but not for the marathon to be run? Double standards!
ThirtySecondTO::The marathon is run through the entire 5 boroughs and takes more personnel such as police and sanitation away from the cleanup efforts while Barclay's Arena has its own security and did not need sanitation assistance.  The local police pct. did their normal patrols and were not taxed as would the Staten Island pct's would have been. I am a lifelong Brooklynite 50+ years and was at the game last night to witness that.
S.O.F.T.::Brooklyn, your whole team existence is just a rap marketing ploy by Jay-Z. Congratulations.
ThirtySecondTO::I was there last night.  Close to 18,000 fans there even with mass transit not running right.  There were hardly any rapper crowd or mentality.  Just another non NYer j-off that tries to analyze from far away.
NEVER_NOT_BEEN_BANNED::That's because the "rapper" group was out looting, doing drugs and raping
reality1989::Whatever. SO just rot away in NJ with no true fan support for another 35 years? It was a great business move and solid re branding of a struggling franchise. The Nets have not been displayed nationally in 5 years. Stop chirping because Prhoky is doing things the way he wants to do them. When you get to become a billionaire owner, then do things the way you want to.
Seamus McGillicuty::yea boiiiiz,,dat der whatz i bees talkinz boutz
CMXDOG::BKN really? That is what there using for the initials?  Burger King Nets who would of thought.
d_mony87::bacon
NJLion1992::I'm a Nets fan, and I have to agree.  Who comes up with these things?
Emoney321000::I'm a Nets fan, too, but I don't know, I kinda like it. BYN, BRN, BRY, BOK, BOO(which would be good for around halloween) they don't look as good. It would be kinda cool if they made it BRO, but other than that, I think BKN is probably the best one
NEVER_NOT_BEEN_BANNED::Who comes up with this? Try the blacks who dress like it while having a "career" in rap video's, that's who
vikespurplepride21::I have been betting with a system named SportsBettingStar for  only two months and have profitted about 3K each month, I have so far doubled my bank roll just following this system. I don't get how this system is so accurate but it is. You can find this system on the front page of Google by searching the words Online Betting System.
Transvestites Are Hot::I canoed to the game tonight
major red::igHus10 Im calling this one, Nets 107, Raptors 100 3 fans like this. November 2 2012, 3:59 AM  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag
kiss_thee_ring::ykedog And Brook Lopez' rebouding woes will continue...  VERY TRUE. BUT HE CAN SCORE SO HES GOOD CENTER  NETS FANS LOGIC
Rezo201::He averages 8 for his career. Count how many centers can give you 20+ and 8 on any given night. Here's a hint, you can use one hand.
mdtuzo::what team are you a fan of?
kiss_thee_ring::BROOK LOPEZ AND HUMPHRIES. GOOD LUCK TRYING TO STOP PEOPLE FROM DOMINATING THE PAINT
robkaos::Lowry is the most underrated player in the NBA.
kiss_thee_ring::NETS SUCK 1087 COMMENTS ON YOUR OPENING IN BROOKLYN IS PRETTY SAD TOO/ A BOBCATS THREAD GETS MORE LOVE
kiss_thee_ring:::(
kiss_thee_ring::THEN WHY WAS THE GAME PLAYED.
mdtuzo::please go away, it'd be better if you went on the heat boards or something
45224_CollegeHill_Cincinnati::Im pretty sure they have more important things to worry about in New York right now.
mdtuzo::let me guess, youre a lakers fan
Archbob1::At least this team won, unlike the Lakers
rykedog::And Brook Lopez' rebouding woes will continue...
fatherwinter18::you know Knick fans are scared when they come troll on your boards.
Fahim58::after they demolished Heat? Yea I'm pretty sure they'll be scared...
ApookTheDestroyer::Lakers need to win a game before they make the playoffs.
S.O.F.T.::Carmelo goat, Knicks Lakers Finals 2013
TheAvenger007::Yea im sure they are scared about Nets beating Raptors........
trademarktaz::1087 comments lol
Rezo201::Remember the Magic turned down Lopez, Brooks, Humphries, and 4 first round picks and they got what instead? That is why they're a circus show. lol
patrick1234a::Yep, Shakespeare said it best. There is a tide in the affairs of men ", in other words seize the day.   That was the moment for Orlando. Now all is lost.
Delontes Alter Ego::Glad the Nets pulled it out on this special night. That being said, a game against the Raptors should not have been this close.
ThirtySecondTO::Nets need to work on their team  defense.  Too many uncontested layups off of the pick n roll.  Lopez cannot rebound.  He plays the whole game and grabs 5 rebounds?  The Nets interior defense only got better when Reggie Evans came in the game.
mdtuzo::32 minutes is not the whole game
arrogantespncommenter9::That's because the Nets were overrated from the start. All they added was an overpaid Joe Johnson and some role players. It's essentially the same 20 win team as last year but flashier.
Emoney321000::Joe Johnson has averaged at least 19 points over the last six years and made the all star team each year. Overate that!
reality1989::Completely new roster 10 new players! Hating morons.
mdtuzo::i keep hearing that people say, "all the nets did was add joe johnson"... that statement shows a complete lack of understanding, and conveys to knowledgeable fans that you are not to be taken seriously
Rezo201::Really? Then why did NBA gm's rate them the 7th best roster in the entire NBA? Keep drinking that Haterade.
Kinga1024::nets have no defence
NJ_Hokie_2012::Worst part was allowing the Raptors guards to score 53 points....
rykedog::Lowry is an incredible player.
Delontes Alter Ego::agreed, but Lowry was incredible.
sgafsetomorpnpse::Baseball- Mets Hoops- Nets Football- Jets  Name their #2 hockey team the Wets and you have a complete set.
Bus Driver Uppercut::Pets?
Rezo201::The Knicks fans are all excited over beating a Heat team who didn't even want to play the game in the first place before it even started. Get back to me 19 games from now when you're 9-11.
NJ_Hokie_2012::Brook Lopez played 5 games last season, while Wallace played 16, and then you add 9 new players onto the roster and people expect team chemistry to be at the level of the champion Miami Heat? Apparently, there's a lot of Knicks fans on this thread just trying to troll over the Nets.  Speaking of the Heat, the Knicks beat them the previous night (kudos to you for beating a team that let you win), and instantly the Knicks are the best team? Please, let's at least play 25 games this season before we truly start deciding who is better.
NJ_Hokie_2012::Rezo, you speak the truth. I very rarely comment on any of the ESPN threads because all of it stinks of arrogance and ignorance. I'm not even ruling out either team for having a better record (although I'm rooting for my Nets).
Rezo201::Common sense lacks on ESPN. The team as a whole have only played 1 game together.
sgafsetomorpnpse::I think Brooklyn will be good this year, better than the Knicks, a cut below the Sixers. The Celtics are gonna suck.
Neil826::this was a game of which team was worse, and it's the raptors apparently.
Kinga1024::there definetely a playoff team, but i hesitate too call them a good team but with their payroll they deserve to be 1 of the best teams in the league  i think their the next boston redsox
Kinga1024::what does 20+ teams that would lineup for their roster mean?
Rezo201::Means they're a GOOD team.
Rezo201::Right, because the Nets are so bad. There are bout 20+ teams that would lineup for their roster.
cannibal48::Nothing has changed in New York. This board has only 1000 something comments while the Knicks board will always have 5000+. New York still belongs to the Knicks. Once the hype of opening night goes away, things will be back to normal as far as the Knicks and Nets roles in New York.
sgafsetomorpnpse::If the Nets are winnin g they will take NY.
Dr. Norman Rosewood II::New York still belongs to the Knicks.
Curtis Snow from Tha Bluff::Ok Nets looking Solid    against a bumass team that i didnt know still existed in a foriegn country. But thats good.
Kinga1024::curtis you need help with yoru vocabulary and geography
phlyglesfan::I think you might need help with YORU vocabulary too
Albertobs::Kyle Lowry had more rebounds than Brook Lopez, that's kind of embarrasing.
Heltons03::What's embarrasing is that your guard (Lowry) is outrebounding everyone else on your team. Of course you are going to lose.
Albertobs::I'm not a Raptors fan haha.
Kinga1024::lopez is a 1 dimensional player kindov a waiste of a 7 footer IMO
Heltons03::Read it and weap Orlando...                            MIN FGM-A 3PM-A FTM-A OREB DREB REB AST STL BLK TO PF PTS  Brook Lopez, C 32     8-17     0-0   11-15      2           3        5       0     1     1       1    2     27
sgafsetomorpnpse::Net fans should be weeping at the 5 rebounds
45224_CollegeHill_Cincinnati::BK
Kinga1024::i love their whopers
Thomasg2488::Hey Orlando, you still thinking that not trading Dwight for Lopez, Brooks and 1st round picks was the right thing to do? HAHAHA
Kinga1024::thats a whole  different converation but again why not wait to see how the first round picks turn out before judging both trades.............. dont forget manu ginobli and tony parker were both second round picks
Kinga1024::why dont you wait for orlando to have a winning percentage below 1000% before you insult them  so may weak trolls on here
abbadobad::You should send them your resume.
Thomasg2488::I'll insult them all I want considering management traded Dwight Howard for peanuts while OKC actually got GOOD VALUE for their free agent to be James Harden. Passing up the deal they did shows how inept their entire organization is.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::brook lopez is the real deal holyfield
Kinga1024::brook lopen is not evander hoylfield and he needs help with defense and rebounding whats your point
knicks_11::cant let a team that sucks offensively score 100 points
Kinga1024::try telling that to a BKN fan you stunned dumb $@%!$@
Kinga1024::the knics suck and they score 100 points some nights
knicks_11::good job u beat the raptors.
