jaywolf1::D'Anfoni better have Pau guard his brother tonight. Pau knows Mark's game inside and out and how to shut it down. But idk why I keep thinking that Pringles D'Anfoni will actually coach right b/c the clown just figured out to give Jordan Hill more minutes barely 2 games ago. smh #FIREDANTONI
Rodney::As a Clipper fan I know the Lakers will win another ring before the Clippers ever win a ring.
Cyril::I like how the bench shoots 12/34 tonight but the fans are complaining about Pau shooting 4/12.  At least he got 13 rebounds, 3 assists, and a block.  Where's the criticism of Chris Kaman, Wes Johnson, and Xavier Henry, who were a combined 3/13 in this game for 6 points and 6 rebounds?    After this game, Pau is now 7th in the NBA in rebounding average, and he's playing 5-6 minutes per game LESS than all 6 of the guys ranked ahead of him!  He's averaging the highest per-minute rebounding rate of his career, but all the comments from Lakers fans are "Pau has given up" and "he isn't even trying."  You don't get in the top 10 in the league in rebounding by "giving up". Clearly he is having difficulties with offense this year, but stop acting like he is the only one on this team to blame.
BendGod::Clipper fans don't know what anything is like past the second round.
Truth Be Told::Hey . the Lakers were about a.500 team even when Kobe was healthy last year. Lakers havent been a legit title contender with him since 2010. It's over!! Keep talking about that cap space because nobody good is signing with you at the end of the season. Weak free agent class and nobody worth a damn would want Kobe as a teammate any way! He's a selfish, stat padding, crybaby, the worst teammate in the history of the game!
buddybudd::Lakers win nothing this year, so Kobe will comes back 2 years removed from a major injury and 1 year older. No elite free agent is coming to LA next year and they're not winning a title then either. If Kobe stays the 3rd year like he says, he'll be pushin 38 and after they lose that year they'll start rebuilding. All in all, it will be about ten years at least between any titles. Too bad Kupchak can't do what Danny Ainge did, but hey Kobe got you 5 rings out of the 20 years he played.
bluuzman::Lakers only had 11 fts tonight but only making 6 was the difference in the game. They make 9-11 we're in OT. Memphis made all 14 of their attempts from the line. Nick Young can make a 3 with his eyes closed but misses 3 fts out of 5 attempts--the difference in the game tonight.
Blondie::Whenever Meeks is consistent, the Lakers still lose.  With a big fat 0 assists, I still say Meeks doesn't have the BB IQ to make plays in the paint for the Hill, Gasol, and Kaman to score.  Blake was the only playing guard with making 10 assists as compared to Meeky weeky.  Even Kobe made at least 4 assists per game when was shooting consistently.
BeatBox::Truth Be Told is on the Laker board reading all the Laker fan comments and he is not a Laker fan what's that tell everyone. He is a F..king loser with no life who will one day walk into the Staples Center and blow off his head at halftime of a Laker game. What happened Truth Be Told did your team get screwed by the Lakers in the playoffs and you can't get over it? I bet you cried then too right? What a big mouth Truth Be Told is to finally show up now.  What a big pussie!!!!
Bob::Man, what happened to the Grizzlies?   Same players, different coach, but now they have no idea how to play basketball, all of a sudden...
