409israel::$@%!$@%!, he held on to hansbroughs hand to let him know it was an accident.
SPEC1MAN::KG rondo wade artest  dirtiest players in the league
heitz13::Refs let it get too rough, but the Pacers couldn't have hit the ocean from the beach last night.
ynot1825::These are grown a.ss men poking at the ball someone is bound to get hit in the face from time to time.. KG is aggressive not cheap or dirty..we can all say we've fouled our friends hard maybe border line cheap in a game of pickup ball...it happens in all sports played by men...
5891jonathan::KG is a thug.  Go on YouTube and search.  Pretty astonishing . . .
Kreator78::Garnet further proving that he's a dirty mudafuka. And I don't even like Hansborough.
Road dog Red::Indy went from contenders to The Pretenders in one night... they can start  the band back up and tour backroom dives
Master_Shake_00::Not a celtics or pacers fan, but kevin garnett really is a piece of $@%!. He is the one of the dirtiest players in recent memory. He cheapshots, elbows, moving picks essentially anything he thinks he can get away with.
Kin6_James::Not a Boston fan, or KG fan for that matter, but that should've been a Flagrant 1 not a 2. What Dwight did was a flagrant 2.
ShowKillar::KG is not a dirty player, but that was a dirty play.  Basketball is a physical game.
sfy2004::garnett is a dirty player. its well documented thanks to such things as the internet and DVR's. you can't hide from the truth, especially when it's seen on national tv.  if this was the 70's he would fit in just fine, though he would undoubtedly be exposed as a coward when he tried his nonsense on the players from back then and they laid his a$$ out. repeatedly. night after night.
oblique15::If Bascketball is a physical game why you calling it a dirty play? lol
nhraven52::Beat the Mighty Pacers  YYYAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
a617guy::but i was made fun of when calling them an average team before the game last night.
Antsea91::Rondooo!
Mr. Nut Job::Indiana had a very bad night!
a617guy::Bradley to the HOF with the development of ball skills.
iu134::KG is a thug. classless player
paulleena12::We don't care about your opinion.  Kevin Garnet is the epitome of a class parent, friend and team mate.
sfy2004::sure he is. and i bet all his former teammates have nothing but love for his punk a$$. dont delude yourself, once a punk, always a punk.
_I Am A Celtic_::cry about it
aaronbchapman::Pour a beer on him about it.
Road dog Red::George 4-17 West 3-17... you ain't beating the Bobcats with shooting like that
nhraven52::That was the awesome lock down defense by the Celtics.
a617guy::all shots were contested
Road dog Red::Indy laid a Big FAT egg last night more than the Celtics beat em
nhraven52::Looked that way from what i saw.Pacers were standing around doing nothing.
Road dog Red::Haaa Haaa Haaaa Haaaa Tyler Hansborough gets paid back
Road dog Red::Hey Tyler Remember that hard foul on KG two years ago... KG did... heh heh heh
Road dog Red::OMG... CELTICS WIN
_I Am A Celtic_::C's!!
Shaun0088::I've been a KG fan for years but he's made his share of dirty plays anyways he's still not dirtier then that one guy D Wade.
aaronbchapman::I'd say they're on the same level.
Syrindge::KG is a very aggressive defender, he is NOT dirty. Anyone who says kg is dirty either doesn't watch him play, doesn't understand the game, or is a complete dummy.
aaronbchapman::*cheap-sharting
sfy2004::dont waste your time. the low life fans of the celtics seek out other low life people, such as garnett and rondo. just a case of like follows like.
aaronbchapman::There are tons of videos on YouTube of him cheap shooting people- hitting people in the nuts etc.  What is your definition of dirty?
jimmyburrell23::i no longer care for kg. who cares how hard he plays the game. he is a dirty player. i hope he gets a suspension.
8723Chris::Been following this betting system Sportsbettingstar a couple months. i doubled my starting balance and made almost $3000 my 2nd month using this system. You will find the system on the 1st page of google by searching for sports betting systems.
IlyaKol::KG is a $@%. I had much respect for him in Minnesota but ever since he came to Boston he has been nothing but dirty and punk.  Hate that guy more than Tom Brady (I'm a Jets fan).
pedro151503::i hate the jets even more and im a miami dolp fan-lol
MrBaxter555::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ....jerk!
PrinceAbudalah::KG is a dirty dirty player.
Boston33Jon::Good win tonight... but, that wasn't exactly the 09 Suns we shut down out there.  The Pacers are the worst offensive team in the NBA and they were missing two of their four best players.  Still... a w is a w.  I'll take that one and move on to ATL.
impalass543::they did wat they suppose 2 do
Rajondilicious::KG KG KG KG KG
jimmyburrell23::SUCKS
redsoxfan4ever2009::Now was that so hard winning a game C's ?
Neil826::the pacers enjoyed their 1 day in first place.  the bulls without their best player beat the heat to reclaim the lead.
smokeysaj::KG didn't deserve it this time, he didn't show any emotion and admitted to the foul right after. Clearly not intentional.
IlyaKol::No intentional? Are you serious? With that kind of wind up? Definitely pre-meditated.
UCONN ALL THE WAY.::Great game, about time I was starting to get worried.I will lose my mind if KG gets suspended or fined for that, it was obviously nonintentional.
-United We Run-::fins?
brunick1::lol
-United We Run-::to come in the chat
brunick1::Why you looking for him?
-United We Run-::lol
DUDE...ESPN HATES ME NOW::it's funny how were only 7 behind knicks when it feels like we have been worst in the league as of late.
brunick1::Great win tonight Celtics!
impalass543::he was chilln
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Yes and tomorow will be a even greater win
brunick1::I missed the end Rondo sit the 4th?
impalass543::wouldnt be surprise if melo comes n after the allstar break, if cs make trade, trade green if not sign kmart bring fab n
Shaun0088::The store?
impalass543::yea kmart
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::kmart??
BSR.1985::i see us getting varejao not having to give up much he wants out he is always hurt and latelly the guy replacing him thompson i think its his name has done well we need rebounds and that guy will give to us 3 brazilians on the same team
Boston33Jon::How would we possibly get Varejao for nothing.  He's an All Star center.  Every team in the NBA would love to have the guy.
bsaundaz::hes made of glass.  would not trade for him
GiantFootMnstr::Bradley is a unique talent! Sticks to his guy like glue, makes the opposing PG have to work much harder and frustrates the offense. Need him to stay healthy for the season.
Boston33Jon::I think his offensive game is already more advanced than Tony Allen or Bruce Bowen.  I think his upside is huge.
GiantFootMnstr::He makes nice cuts and breaks to the basket. Think his shot will get better with time, it's really not that bad right now.
impalass543::offense will come along
UK LOVES BASKETBALL FOR LIFE::future defensive superstar. offense wise? Remains to be seen
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::His offense is not that bad, but could improve
2524thomas::Celts 15-17 2nite...after a blowout 2morrow in Atlanta and one more after the Knicks beat them silly at MSG  its back to reality...15-19...lol
GiantFootMnstr::Sorry dude they are not gonna get blow out by atlanta after beating Indy the way they did tonight. Atlanta lost to Detroit tonight. Owned.
2524thomas::Seriously girls..15-17  the Celtics s.u.c.k
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::just like last season 15-17, and hanging in the ECF
2524thomas::LOL.....15-19..book it!!!!
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::If u lose ur bet, u  must deactivate ur account
DUDE...ESPN HATES ME NOW::if not you better come here
DUDE...ESPN HATES ME NOW::lol first troll in awhile
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::You must be high...Its past ur bed time by the way
UK LOVES BASKETBALL FOR LIFE::We need Josh Smith or DMC. We are not getting DMC so Josh is our answer
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Varejao is the answer
UK LOVES BASKETBALL FOR LIFE::I have always loved his play. NOT his knack for injuries. Wouldn't mind him, nonetheless
UK LOVES BASKETBALL FOR LIFE::C'SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
BSR.1985::love seeing ray only getting 20 minutes a game with the heat only averaging 9 points a game
idroptreys23::I'm sure he enjoys being on the best team in the conference as well.
BSR.1985::to me the only trade the celtics should make is get anderson varejao for bass and a future 1st round pick becuase anderson is a pf and that would get kg at center but anderson rebounds better then centers and thats what we need not a center a power foward that can hit the boards with energy i like kevin at center look what happened last year after he went to center
DUDE...ESPN HATES ME NOW::yea cause centres can't hit the shots he can and he is still quicker than them.
Fear the Gr0nk::No trolls here tonight.   They must all be on the Lakers Clippers board.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Yep its a troll fest right now but if the Lakers win they'll disappear
Fear the Gr0nk::Did the Pacers have the lead at all after the first few minutes?
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Nope Bradley made sure tht didn't happen
DUDE...ESPN HATES ME NOW::don't think so, our D has been at ship material past 2 games. Despite Grizz lost.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Clippers need to build a 20+ lead
Dolph061::Pierce hit the boards tonight.  I can't wait for Melo to be ready for the big time; he's the future at center.  When KG comes out they have no big presence in the middle.
Boston33Jon::I think he is 2 to 3 years away from him being able to play meaningful minutes on a playoff team.  Given KG's limits on playing time and Bass/Sullinger not being an effective big combo, they need a backup center which can play now.
idroptreys23::He's already pretty solid defensively. I imagine they'll use him some after the all-star break if they can't trade for a big man by the deadline. You can't be worse than Collins offensively, so they won't be missing anything there.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::When exactly do u think Fab Melo will be ready to be KG's backup
redsox__celtics.::As a Syracuse basketball fan all I can say is... don't expect him to do the smart / right thing.
Fear the Gr0nk::He's beasting in DLeague.  If he can stay away from doorways and keep developing I think he will be pretty good.
DUDE...ESPN HATES ME NOW::yea he is our future C. that's why we need a C/PF right now. not a natural C.
DUDE...ESPN HATES ME NOW::if you were the kings would you trade DMC?
Fear the Gr0nk::Yea.  You don't want it to turn into a Dwight Howard situation.  Trade him while he still has value.
Fear the Gr0nk::I wasn't on here tonight.  How were Pacers fans after the KG foul?
DUDE...ESPN HATES ME NOW::there was maybe 3 here tonight.
DUDE...ESPN HATES ME NOW::haha yea they might of scattered once 2nd Q came n we completely took over.
Fear the Gr0nk::lol really?   I thought they liked basketball in Indiana?
