Mattd7152::Ridnour continues to fly quietly under the radar after all these years, just the way he likes it. A True professional.
Cleeepers::Yeah, I've got nothing but respect for that guy. He and Nick Collison are two of the most overlooked role-players in the game.
mikecorbett78::the injury bug is slowly killing the playoff chances of the wolves. there is no team in the league that could deal with exteneded lost playing time of its 2 or 3 best players and still play with as much heart and character that the wolves have all season. if the roster was at full strength i seriously belive that this team would possibly be competeing for the second or 3rd spot in the conference. coach adelman has got to be so frusterated right now, he came into this season knowing that rubio,love kirilenko and sved would b his facilitators and he has barely had all 4 on the floor for almost a quarter og the games so far.
MinniWolves90::You said it, I'm so proud of this team. They continue to fight through adversity. It's not helping them in the win column, but it will help them somehow in the future.
71Minnesota::I know, Clippers is better than what people have given them respect, Specially Sir Charles on TNT when asked after the Lakers game last night what teams are the best in the West ? and here is what he said 1/ Thunders 2./ Spurs 3/ Memphis 4/ Clippers **** I would rank Clippers @ number 2 over the Spurs , but Sir Charles put Memphis over the Clippers is just made me laughable.....No wonder that is why Sir Charles was lost on gambling in Las Vegas.....
EL_ABALLARDE::He explained BG most be more dominant in his position like KD, TD and Zbo, that's why he ranked 4th Clips, but that's his opinion. He knows they are rolling and CP3 is having a MVP season, he said that, but after an injured team like Minny, he got 1 rebound in the first half and 4 in the total game when Odom had 12!!
71Minnesota::That 's my point...He doesn't care much about the status sheet....what he does is Winning !!!!!!
oblique15::Atleast over Memphis
71Minnesota::Also Sir Charles made comment about Blake Griffin with the athleticism Blake has ..He should be dominated in the low post. Blake is more smarter than Sir Charles , he doesn't care much about the status sheet and what he does care is winning, Blake can put up double double every game but with the roster Clippers have ...He doesn't need to be or carry the team by himself. He is not demand the ball or try to score anytime like Sir Charles when he played.
MinniWolves90::The Star Tribune reports the Minnesota Timberwolves will make the addition of swingman Mickael Gelabale official on Friday as they are not going to give Lazar Hayward another 10-day contract.   "He deserves to be in this league," said Clippers center Ronny Turiaf, who has played with Gelabale on the French Olympic team. "People are always trying to put other people in boxes. He is a basketball player. He can score. He's going to do whatever he has to do to help the team win. Yes, he can play defense, but he's not just a defender."   Gelabale's deal is likely a rest-of-season contract.
EL_ABALLARDE::Officially  Minny's a world team
Pusha Tonn::we need him badly
GaspoMinnyFan981::Thank God :)
SayItAintSoTeo1984::Started betting with a system called SportsBettingStar now for the last couple of months.  I was able to find this on the first page of Google when looking up Sports Betting Systems.
Jimmy45795::Lakers S.uck
MinniWolves90::I guess we are going to sign Gelabale sometime today, which means he will probably get hurt soon. Just kidding, knock on wood. But the injury list is absurd.  Hopefully Shved and Pek won't miss more than a game or two. This team just continues to rip my heart out. It wasn't the loss to LAC (I was kind of expecting it), it was the loss of Pek and Shved.
GaspoMinnyFan981::Gelabale to Wolves done deal. ESPN insider report Yahoooooo
MinniWolves90::Thank God, we need more bodies.  Is it possible for a fan base to get any more discouraged. I mean, with the injuries to Pek and Shved last night piled on top of ALL the other injuries.
fbbscr10::69 up in hereee
Ustna9::I hate it when the Clips just coast through a game they should have dominated start to finish...
pack3rs4lif3::wolves fans, quit hating on love. hes our best player overall. and we need him defensively and offensively
MinniWolves90::I haven't seen many of the guys that dislike him lately. Most of the Love-haters have fallen off the face of the earth.
MinniWolves90::haha. What up Pusha, tough game last night. with Pek and Shved leaving with injuries.
Pusha Tonn::Im still here!!!!!!! lol
HoraceGrants::Rubio 2-9.  Actually IMPROVED his FG%!  LMFAO!!!!
ShortyRoc_MerkCity Legend::Leggo Clippers!!!
EKast2012::Conrad Smith, McHale's daughter, Adelman's wife...  Love, Rubio, Budinger, Roy, Howard...  Not a good 3-month period for the Timberwolves.
millem365::Is it time to start thinking about what draft pick the wolves will get in the draft???
PhillyPhanInSoCal::What does McHale's daughter have to do with the Wolves? Kevin is coaching in Houston.
Cleeepers::Wolves will be fine long-term. They gave it all they could tonight. Beating them was bittersweet for the Clips, because it helped the lakers move up a spot... for 2 whole hours, hahaha!
millem365::Who do you like more seeing lose???  The Lakers or the Packers???
BlazersFan900::Its all Brandon Roy's fault he should've stay retired, ever since he came to the T-Wolves it brought nothing but bad lucks....
MinniWolves90::We caught the injury bug last year, before he came.
b4-it-became-lob-city::I'M PROUD  OF  MY  CLIPPERS ,WIZARDS  SHOULD  BE  EASY,THE  TOUGH  GAMES   COMING  UP  IS  GSW and THE  BACK TO  BACK  WITH  THE  OKC
millem365::Maybe you should send them some flowers or chocolates or something . . .
mk0227::Crawford representin Seattle!!
showtime12266::wow lebron is a real monkey for that last play
-Td4mvp3 -::I cannot wait tell the heat get back to the finals to meet my spurs...they'll be in for a rude awakening ;)
A Drunk Monk::<b>Nothing like Dwight Howard airing a late game FT hahahahaha</b>
ErikAmundson1121::I still don't understand why people forget that the Timberwolves are full of injuries. Wait until Love, Budinger, and hopefully Roy come back. Rubio is finding his groove. Once March and April roll around this team will win games and can make the playoffs.  Go Timberwolves!  And shout out to my cousin Lou Amundson!
ErikAmundson1121::We are not giving Pek or AK47 enough touches. When you practice with 9 players each day it is gunna be tough. Too much talent on this team to not make a run once players return.
-The Goober-::I don't care if we make the playoffs or not, i just hope when this team returns to full strength we could show the NBA that we are legit, I hope when this team is full healthy the we finish the year with a huge winning streak.
MinniWolves90::Yes this team will improve drastically when Love and Bud return, and Rubio will be 100%. I'm just worried, as competitive as the West is, it'll be too little too late.
MinniWolves90::We need a big turnaround to stay afloat. But yeah people acting like we would've been struggling with a healthy team.  Lol I love Lou's enthusiasm. He's the chemist.
TheWalkingDead92::Hoping for injuries is never a good thing...
-The Goober-::screw those bandwagon idiots, they don't know nothing about basketball, I seriously have them as the biggest $@%!$ fans alongside the thunder. I hope there players start getting injured.
MinniWolves90::That's what I was trying to explain to a Clippers fan earlier. Imagine the Clips without Griffin and Crawford for a long time. And Paul playing 20 mpg on one knee. Plus other numerous injuries.
-The Goober-::I hate these trolls that keep saying the t-wolves suck even thou most of our team is missing. we would easily be a playoff team if everyone was healthy. If you took away the same amount of players from other playoff teams, they would be 100 worse then us.
A Drunk Monk::<b>Can't tell if the Lakers are playing better or the Heat are just overrated this year.</b>
LAbabyNumber1::Kobe bryant is the most overrated player in the league. Any player can score 30 points when they shoot the ball 40 times a game. If he had passed and 2 of his16 misses the game could be tied.
TheWalkingDead92::Please don't be stupid. Guy faces constant double teams and if you ask me the team he took to the playoffs in 06 were absolute garbage. 2 of the starters from that team don't even play in the league. 1 is a bench warmer  G Smush Parker SG Kobe SF Luke Walton PF Lamar Odom C Chris Mihm.  Yea disgusting Kobe can be overhyped but he def is one of the greatest to ever play...  He's shooting about 48% from the field this season.
LAbabyNumber1::7 for 23 isnt really stepping it up
MinniWolves90::And there's another clutch 3 by Kobe.
MinniWolves90::He was 3/17 going into 4th, which means he's 4/6 in the quarter. He's led the comeback.
MinniWolves90::Are you watching the game? He's hitting big shots in the 4th.
MinniWolves90::Heat are .500 on the road though.
MinniWolves90::Kobe stepping it up in the 4th.
millem365::LA still loses . . . nothing new
emonne::i wish all of the espn analysts would get off of ricky rubios balls until he actually starts to perform.
LAbabyNumber1::Well when they do the first thing they talk about is "minnesotas star point guard" the guy who cant make a shot for his life.
MinniWolves90::It's ALL LA, let us have :30 of air time. Geez
MinniWolves90::They RARELY mention Minnesota at all.
MinniWolves90::Dude, he barely gets mentioned. Especially compared to some other players.
LAbabyNumber1::Yeah i know right the guy is terrible. Coudnt make a layup from 2 feet away.
MinniWolves90::Gelabale joining the Wolves Friday! It'll be interesting.
MinniWolves90::I guess later today, technically.
-Td4mvp3 -::Watch out! dont get the black mamba started boi                   -spurs
-Td4mvp3 -::GO SPURS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
-Td4mvp3 -::Why do the clippers keep winning?   it can't last forever
REDUCE523::They are good get over it.
MinniWolves90::WOW. There's Lebron then there's everyone else. This dude is on a totally different level.
ESPNisBSNEWZ::http://basketball.realgm.com/wiretap/225655/McGrady_Denies_Ever_Playing_Kobe_One_On_One_In_Germany if anyone read kobes interview earlier, just thought this was funny...
YogaBeer::So whom do the Twolves target in the lottery this year?
HoraceGrants::Another white guy
MinniWolves90::Great input.
YogaBeer::ttyl.   This old man has to go meditate on how I can create a Manti type fake GF and not get caught by my wife.
MinniWolves90::Haha alright man see ya.
MinniWolves90::Honestly I'd rather get a veteran shooter than an unproven rookie. But we'll see who's available. This team is supposedly committed to putting together a winner.
MinniWolves90::Exactly. It's highway robbery lol.
YogaBeer::We smaller market teams would all love to have a shot at those veteran FA or a good trade for a top tier veteran.   It seems only a few NBA organizations get those kinds of trades okayed by Stern and the NBA office.   The rest of us are the ones giving up the good veterans.
YogaBeer::Another player that's not getting a ton of ink, at least at ESPN, is Anthony Bennett.    But I think he's the type of player that would benefit my Cavs better than the T Wolves.
MinniWolves90::And we're known for some horrible draft picks and/or draft night trades. But I think we are finally headed in the right direction. A couple pieces away from being a Top 5 team in the West, in my opinion. Rubio, Love, and Pek could be a hell of a trio. And this rookie Shved is really impressive.
YogaBeer::I only mention this kid b/c of what you just wrote and he may be available at the spot Minny is currently around.     LOL the Draft is such a crap shoot.   Even with all the links we have these days, you never know how a kid is going to turn out until they actually put on the shoes and play.
MinniWolves90::I've hardly heard his name. But he's a solid player that can knock down a 3. Could be a stud.
YogaBeer::Nerlens Noel is another one that's bumped up fast as well.    Although I would think this is not an area of need on the twolves.
YogaBeer::yupp   A team can always trade that pick or the player he's replacing.
MinniWolves90::Not really. But I wouldn't be against taking him if he's the best player on the board. Because we need more talent, too.
YogaBeer::So it's a shooting guard?    "what position do the Twolves go for" I guess is a better question.
YogaBeer::Hate the bricks.  hahaha
MinniWolves90::We're getting great looks, but everyone is bricking them.
YogaBeer::Looks like he'd fit the bill then.
MinniWolves90::A shooter. Period. Lol, desperately missing one of those.
YogaBeer::Never know how those ping pong balls fall.    That cat has flown up the mock drafts.    ON several he's #1.
MinniWolves90::Yeah good chance he won't be available.
MinniWolves90::Ben McLemore if he's available.
MinniWolves90::Nuggets are a pesky team. They are well-coached and don't lose at home often. They'd give the Clippers a run for their money.
MinniWolves90::If Gallo can be THE guy in the 4th quarter, like he's shown flashes of, they could be a very dangerous team.
REDUCE523::6 if the clips have home court
ESPNisBSNEWZ::I could see 5 or 7, but I doubt nuggets would lose game 6 at home...all the games would be close
MinniWolves90::I'd still take the Clippers, but good chance it'd go to Game 7.
ESPNisBSNEWZ::I cant say nuggets&gt;clipers...but I know that they arent underdogs in that matchup
Not Not A Wolves Fan::I'm out.  I'll see the 3 wolves fans we have left at the next one.
mohamed.elabbady::Adois!
MinniWolves90::Haha later man.
bleupit::Go Clippers!!!!
scoopjackson_21::Can the wolves move to LA....please?
Mighty Ducks.::Not Not A Wolves Fan I do Love me some KG-Duncan talk (pun intended). I'm with you on your opinion of KG but I'm also a homer.     We were spoiled watching those 2 battle in their primes though. We may never see two power forwards that great again in their primes together. --- My favorite thing to do is talk KG-Duncan with Spurs fans.....  it might be the best argument ever because it just goes back and forth.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::I always thought it was funny KG's first year in Boston.  They already put him as an all time Celtic great even though he was only 75% of the player we got to see year in and year out.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::agreed. perfect compliments. too bad we didn't keep ray &amp; KG and screw the celtics out of PP instead of it being the ohter way around
MinniWolves90::It's really amazing that they stayed competitive even at their age. I wish Ray would've stayed with the C's. I like him, and now I have to root against him.
Mighty Ducks.::KG, Peirce, and Allen in their primes would have won at least 4 rings in a row.
jpd98::I went to this game tonight glad I got the tickets for free because there's no way in hell I would pay to watch that crap ever.
ESPNisBSNEWZ::im not looking to just come on a clippers board and talk $@%!, but when I watch OKC I think the nuggets need to play 110% to beat this team..I see the clipps and I think the nuggets matchup with them easily, athleticism and depth...I know the record says that okc and the clipps are on the same level...but I see the clippers as a much easier and beatable team
REDUCE523::No matter what with the clippers bench, cp3. They have the edge right now and if they would have homecourt advantage I still take the clips over the nuggets. Teams that play them dont know who to guard cause any player on the clips bench could go for 20.
REDUCE523::But the nuggets have no go to person. Honestly the nuggets are scary but they dont have a take charge player.
ESPNisBSNEWZ::gallo is turning into that player, he has hit so many big shots this year...
REDUCE523::Really when the second unit is the strongest in the league. When there star player is out and they are still racking wins. OKC goes down the moment Durant goes down.
ESPNisBSNEWZ::thats what im saying clippers fans think its clipps okc and everyone else...I think its okc...clipps nuggs grizz SA...and everyone else...I dont see the nuggets as underdogs vs them, like I do with okc
probinson1us::It won't matter cause OKC and the Clips will be the last two standing in the west, regardless of who they play in the first two rounds.  I think the Clips have gotten over the Spurs this year.  That IMO was by far the worst draw we could have gotten in the playoffs last year.
ESPNisBSNEWZ::true...clippers are deeper and H2H have that on OKC...but as an opposing team I want the clippers over OKC...at least for a matchup with the nuggets
A Drunk Monk::Good, helps to underestimate them.
ESPNisBSNEWZ::nuggets wont underestimate the clippers...just saying they are an easier matchup
Keith Closs::as a clipp fan i agree with u
REDUCE523::Clippers are dangerous only team that can stand in there way is OKC or San Antonio. But either series could go either way.
REDUCE523::They didnt last year with team not as deep as this years.
Mighty Ducks.::Grizz could take them.
dannycraq::Just like they did the other night right?
probinson1us::Not likely.  The Clips took them out with a worse team last year and have smoked them twice this year.  Memphis does not match up well against the Clips.  They are a bad shooting team to begin with and they are worse against the Clippers.
MinniWolves90::They're no joke. A physical team that pays attention to detail.
A Drunk Monk::The Grizz are so laughably overrated
Mighty Ducks.::Not Not A Wolves Fan who knows? I know that Duncan has maybe the best coach in the game and a fantastic front office    KG in Minny had horsesh.it i'll give that to you. I would have loved to have seen KG in his prime with talent, coaching, and a front office  ---- I am with you man.  I am a firm believer that talent-wise KG is better than Duncan.  Duncan has played wit Robinson, Parker, and Ginobili.  KG had Sprewell and Cassell one year.  Beyond that, he has played with trash.  Could you imagine if the Wolves would have kept Ray Allen instead of trading him for Starbury?  They would have won for a long time.
MinniWolves90::KG and Ray in their PRIME together. Would've been dangerous.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::I do Love me some KG-Duncan talk (pun intended).  I'm with you on your opinion of KG but I'm also a homer.    We were spoiled watching those 2 battle in their primes though.  We may never see two power forwards that great again in their primes together.
Will Conroy.::Fing Glen Taylor.
Melosh1977::Yeah baby....hockey season is starting just in time. Time to forget about this sad puppy dog team.
Will Conroy.::Wolves Management does suck. Of all the shooters in the world, you can't find one!!!!!!
probinson1us::I think Buddinger was supposed to be that guy.  He's in a suit, along with most of the other guys that might have made an impact.    Injuries can't be overlooked.  Unless you want to pick up someone like Mike James, there wasn't much out there.
Will Conroy.::probinson1us - Dude looks like a gay pirate.  Don't dish AMMO!
probinson1us::Dude looks like a gay pirate.
Will Conroy.::Ha I love the Stash.
probinson1us::Adam Morrison?
Will Conroy.::There is a shooter out there somewhere without a job though.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::they gave you a job buddy
-The Goober-::hahaha you clippers fans are so funny thinking your team is a championship team, they stand zero chance of making the finals, I can't believe you guys think staying close in the game until pek and shved went down makes you guys elite. A healthy wolves team beats the clipps 9 out of 10 times.
LAbabyNumber1::Dude the clippers beat the wolves earlier this year when the wolves had love, rubio, and the full starting line up. You're entitled to opinion though however wrong it may be.
REDUCE523::CLippers are legit. Like it or not this is the year for them.
probinson1us::Not sure if serious...
Keith Closs::with that kind of opinion, u should be embarrassed.  hell,  im embarrassed for u
Boltman021::Is this serious? I don't get that vibe from this.
Mighty Ducks.::The best Kevin Love can be is Dirk.  Dirk is a great player, don't misunderstand me. But he can only win when surrounded by other good players.  He is no KG or Duncan who dominate  multiple facets of the game.
MinniWolves90::Kevin Love is a much better rebounder (than Dirk),and a monster on the offensive glass. Very unique skillset for Love. I think he can lead this team to big things. The pieces were starting to come together this year before all the injuries.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::If Love decides to clean up his act, play D, and stop whining, he will be an all time great no doubt.  Very unique player
Not Not A Wolves Fan::dirk has a ring..i'll take it
Not Not A Wolves Fan::who knows? I know that Duncan has maybe the best coach in the game and a fantastic front office  KG in Minny had horsesh.it i'll give that to you.  I would have loved to have seen KG in his prime with talent, coaching, and a front office
Mighty Ducks.::But if you put Nash with KG or Duncan  a decade ago....   Would they have won a championship?
Not Not A Wolves Fan::yeah you can't tell me KG and Duncan didn't have great players on their runs too.   is love in KG and Duncan territory? no  *championship runs
Mighty Ducks.::With a lot of other very good players on that team.  Some even Hall of Famers.
AngusMacAskill::KG does what?
Not Not A Wolves Fan::sacramento series comes to mind  he literally dominated both sides of the ball
Mighty Ducks.::KG is a beast.  I watched him lead garbage team after garbage team to the playoffs.
BarrelRider04::Long time Clip fan here and I just get baffled game after game that they actually play defense. They have NEVER and I mean NEVER been able to string any games together where they played consistent defense. I keep waiting for something bad to happen which is normal and watch the Clip Ship sink. I hope it doesn't happen. THIS IS NOT YOUR MOTHER'S CLIPPERS!
probinson1us::It aint happening this year man.  The culture is changed.  This about this:  There would need to be about 2-3 more major injuries to really derail this season.  This team is built right and all of the pieces fit, even when a couple are out.  This squad is gonna be fresh and ready to go when playoff time comes around.  From the 2nd round on in the West is gonna be sick this year and our boys will be right in the middle of everything!
stingfan1985::The mighty Clips did NOT play a great game by ANY stretch of the imagination but they still won going away without their best player. This shows you just how great they really are. The best, or no worse than the second best team in the NBA. Get used to it!!!
stingfan1985::Our team is far too deep. we would not win 60 without him, but we would still walk away with at least the Pacific division. That's how good Bledsoe is.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::thunder - clips would be a fun series no lie
MinniWolves90::If the Clippers get healthy they can challenge anybody. There's no drop-off in offense when the reserves come in.
ESPNisBSNEWZ::okc is a challenge...clipps are good, but not on okc's level... im tellin you, nuggets smacked you guys with no lawson!!!
probinson1us::Look at the records and tell me what makes you think it's more likely.  Clips have a waaaay better road record and are percentage points (3more wins &amp; 2 more losses) at home.  The Nuggets are fun to watch and will be a tough matchup, but I just think they win in 5 or 6, if it comes down to it.
ESPNisBSNEWZ::how? look at some of the games nuggets played in mia, memphis and NY...nuggets can play on the road...not saying clipps cant beat them in denver, but I definitely know nuggets can go on the road and win vs the clippers...just a really flat performance on XMAS...winning in denver will be harder for the clipps than winning in LA for the nuggets
probinson1us::What happened in LA?  Denver is sick on their home court, but I would take the Clips to beat you on your home court, before the other way around, any day.  I think the Clips actually match up very well against OKC.  We did last year and smoked them.  Lost in OT this year, in OKC, with CP shooting like 1-12.
Mighty Ducks.::CP3 makes that team.  If he sat out the rest of the season that team would plummet.
inphinity7::This guy knows what's up.
Mighty Ducks.::MinniWolves90 We could really use a good jump shooter right now.   Someone like Kevin Love.  --- He isn't a "good" jump shooter.  Should have picked up Jamal Crawford, last year, when we could have.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::gone are the days of classic centers and classic power forwards
MinniWolves90::Like Jalen Rose put it: Positions were only invented so a novice could follow the game.
MinniWolves90::He can hit an open shot without a bum hand. I've seen it plenty of times.
Mighty Ducks.::No I am AP.  The other reason the Vikings are relevant.
MinniWolves90::I'm not disagreeing with you about getting a SG that can actually shoot, but my point is that Love shoots a lot of jumpers and he's good at them. I couldn't care less that he's a PF.
Will Conroy.::You have to be Percy, or at least his twin?
Mighty Ducks.::But do you really want your PF being your go to jump shooter?  He can make shots, but he isn't a jump shooter.
Jesse07771::How come wade and bron sit out only one game and cp3 punk butt sits 3 for a bum knee. Either he's a fake lil tough guy or he's DONE!
Jesse07771::Wow, u guys do realize yah ain't winning a ring period, right?... Yah bench is legit but ur starting five isn't ready 2 win u guys anything and cp3 will barely be able to walk by then and Bledsoe is a supersub that's about it.
inphinity7::Come on now the clips are winning without him what's the point?
Danadude69::Thats because we can win without our best player, the rest of the NBA FEARS THE CLIPPERS!!!
ESPNisBSNEWZ::no need to risk injury when  the team is playing well, if this was the playoffs he would be playing
MinniWolves90::They're a deep team so it's works out that he gets extra rest.
Boltman021::Teams I do not want to see the Clips meet in the playoffs: Grizzlies, Warriors, and Lakers. Anyone else, bring it on!
Boltman021::Clips would be the favorites in all those series, however those would be tough matchups. Too physical vs the Grizzlies, GS seems to play well against the Clips, and the laker rivalry changes the dynamic of the series vs the Clips.
probinson1us::I want Memphis or the Lakers.  Memphis fans keep saying the Clips are too soft to beat them....AGAIN  and   I would love to end the Lakers season and having bragging rights against 99% of my friends.  Would love to start the chain reaction of that team crumbling for the next decade.
ESPNisBSNEWZ::no respect for my nuggets...I know we play you tougher than GSW and the lakers
ESPNisBSNEWZ::not the players, the team...players change, but loyalty to the team doesnt...good luck to your lakers tonight
inphinity7::A connection WTF. Lol this is sports stop having so many connections with sweaty men you'll never meet.
ESPNisBSNEWZ::thats what happens when you develop a connection with a team...clippers/lakers fan wouldnt know, and no I dont play for the nuggets...
inphinity7::We? You play for the nuggets?
inphinity7::The clips would smack the grizzlies. Should be anyone but okc.
Mighty Ducks.::You would welcome KD?
inphinity7::Not bad considering the clips didn't take this game seriously. Good  road trip.
RavensMNWild::LMAO... $@%!$ your team aint going anywhere... First round exit.. :
REDUCE523::really??
probinson1us::Are you a woman or is that just some chick in your picture?  I need to know, because having the Lakers and Clippers as your favorite teams makes me sick.  If you choose one, please choose the Lakers.
inphinity7::Baron Davis is one of my favorite players of all time for some bizarre reason. I've been going to clips games for the past 5 years. And I'm really manti teo
ESPNisBSNEWZ::lol...of course they didnt
inphinity7::And the clips went 2-0 against the wolves this season your point? If Paul was in this game it wouldn't have been as close as it was which shockingly wasn't close at all.
MinniWolves90::Wolves went 3-1 against the Clips last year. They were prepared.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::coming from a clippers fan that hopped on the bandwagon this year, that hurts
inphinity7::Lol really though they didn't. It's the wolves.
probinson1us::Kirilenko was a nice pickup for the Wolves.  How long of a contract did he sign?  I actually wanted the Clips to pick him up, before Barnes.    Glad we have Barnes, but I think Kirilenko would have fit nicely too, especially after seeing how he's playing now.
Mighty Ducks.::2 years.  I can see them trade him this offseason.
MinniWolves90::2 years I believe.
probinson1us::He looked good tonight.  Didn't have any help or his numbers would have looked better.  His D was a big reason that we only scored 90.
MinniWolves90::Kirilenko has been THE key pickup this year. He hasn't been himself on this losing streak though.
probinson1us::Damn.  Loving his game right now.  I think Barnes is pricing himself out of our budget for next year by balling how he is.  Hopefully he'll realize that a title run on a fun team is worth more than money at this point in his career.  I don't know who we could pick up to give us what he does.
