Darth Apollyon::Popovich is such a great coach.  He is using the regular season as a training camp, preparing the Lakers for every eventuality, while keeping them fresh.
WishBone::Nash is pointless out there. He averages 5 points and 3 assists a game.. What is the point of that? I thought he was healthy.. If he was giving at least 8 to 10 assists then ok, but the dude s taking up time from those that can run, score and board. his 3-5 assists and 5 points a game are hurting the team. Retire already, you aint getting a ring. I love ya and your a HOFer for sure but, a ring is not coming your way.
drtyshame::Ten lead changes in a tense fourth quarter sounds like a pretty good game to me since it is the fourth quarter which determines the winners and the whiners.  Apparently this G. Bitcham, sorry Beacham Yahoo sports writer Oops sooooo sorry, I meant AP writer (could of fooled me) obviously did not wait to hear what, a just hazed Luke Walton and James Worthy (former Lakers players, turned sports commentators) had to say about the game.  Why I think I heard James Worthy use the word 'awesome' in describing the Spurs comeback. Oh well, this is just one in a list of other whinning and cheeky sports writer 'wanna' be's whose game didn't go the way he wanted it to go according to his boring column.  The box scores were better reading, although I found that the lakers had 24 'charity throws', 10 more than the spurs which only equates to the game being interrupted  twice as long so that the lakers can have their 2 to 1 quota of 'charity throws' over any other better team.
Larry::Don't tell me about Mike D'Antoni.. I know all about him from the NY Knicks: 1) He cannot game coach 2) melo controlled him in NY- so what kind of coach can he be? 3) A blind person knows Farmar is your best guard right now- and he plays 16 minutes? 4) Without Kobe- under 30 wins-- with him-- 30-37 and no playoffs anyway. one of your posters who claims I know nothing names teams such as the Bobcats, Hawks, Phoenix and a few others as teams the Lakers may be better than. Hey maybe you';re right- I did not say the Lakers were THE worst team- but you are with the bottom suckers now. Here are four teams who have not won NBA championships in quite awhile- all will win (AT LEAST0 1o or more games than the Lakers:    1) Golden State    2) Brooklyn Nets    3) Philadlphia 76ers. You are a bottom -sucker- accept it. And idiot- next thing you will write is that Goodrich was better than  Frazier. Forget Frazier;s fashion or broacasting(which are top notch)- not only dwarfs goodrich, but at least comparable to West- he either outplayed or played even with West headsup- a winner- a highly underrated player. Goodrich was a one-dimensional player- a chucker- and despised by those who played with him at Phoenix. Frazier was a TEAM player and led the Knicks to their only two NBA championships. You have no idea how good he was.
Victor Wong::Lakers need young and up comer real quick, next yr draft is loaded with talented players, trade Paul Gasol for future 1 rounder top 5 guarantee that would be great.
Johnny::My god Blake is the definition of Garbage. What a waste of 4 million dollars for garbage. Again another mistake by the Lakers to give this bum 16million over 4 years...You think when you play Basketball your whole life and do it as a job you can at least shot the ball.. All that time in a gym and I would put money on a High School player to shot better than Blake... Long Losing Season for the Lakers and Fu-toni
Bam_It::Homeless D Clown = Mark Do from Sacramento who wants his address & phone number?
Victor Wong::Lakers in 2008 had a losing season and what happen after that?  Lakers back in the titles hunt and won back to back with 3 final appearance, Lakers need to ensure a worse record this yr, one lucky draw with #1 pick next yr, Lakers will be right back on the Championship hunt.
Larry::Do not tell me that Mike D;'Antoni is a good coach(I know all about him from the Knicks) 1)  A HORRIBLE GAME COACH 2)  GETS NO RESPECT FROM STAR PLAYERS AND CANNOT CONTROL THEM(EG CARMELO- NOT THAT I THINK CARMELO IS A WINNING PLAYER... BUT D'ANTONI DID- AND CARMELO BASICALLY RAN THE TEAM.)
Rodney::As I said last night on the Clippers' board, Homey was not available last night as it was Halloween and he was out scaring all the Laker children.
