BigBadLakers420::Durant has got to man up a lil more in general because he is too soft! Who works out with the main guy u will be competing with for championships the next 8 yrs......too soft!
Vaughnz011::Finally Scott Brooks decided to play Eric Maynor with Russell at the 2 down the stretch...
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Figures - the one year I get KD in my fantasy draft and his scoring is off by almost 5pts/game.  $@% You Westbrick!!
Rolltide4203::what are u talking about dude. It has nothing to do with westbrook, hes shooting significantly less this year than last, its durant passing up more shots and working on an all around game. its $@%!$@% 7 games in, he will average 26-7
scottsvb1::Cavs ! should FIRE Scott and give Brown his job back... They need Defense on this team to get anywhere
ic0n2900::Westbrook's only purpose in life is to try and outscore KD by 1 point no matter how inefficient it is.
Rolltide4203::what is yalls deal? damn westbrook is unreal and u idiots just keep bashing the guy. grow up. westbrook has a higher Player efficiency rating this year than kd so shut ur mouth u $@%!$@% d-bag
22KDALLTHEWAY35::KD did his thing last night. He wasdnt he wasnt playn no games Kyrie $@%!$
22KDALLTHEWAY35::KD did his thing last night. He wasdnt he wasnt playn no games Kyrie $@%!$
Emoney321000::I didn't see this game and I really don't care what happened but my friend has Westbrook on his fantasy team and he keeps saying what a good game he had but then i'll just remind him that his turnover's cost him a win to me in our first matchup. But then he'll probably say at least I won my matchup this week. But then i'll just say I still have a better record than you, b****
Rolltide4203::hes barely turning it over this year. that was the worst story Ive ever heard
CandySparker::Serge Lotta Love!
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::You gotta give it to the cavs they really did good to not have a team and we all knew the cavs were gonna lose to the thunder Kyrie and KD
Rolltide4203::I think westbrook has been passing the ball exceptionally well this year and passing about as well as anyone in the league
brandonstephensy::Wade riding James for his ring, as he did with Shaq :)
Emoney321000::Then technically you could say that Kobe rode Shaq for those three rings in a row.
69johnb69::kevin durant russ westbrook and mike brown all with as many rings as me!
brandonstephensy::They are richer though
KevinDurantFan.35::Kevin Durant is only 23 with 3 scoring titles and not even in his prime yet! Lebron will be 28 this year so KD has a long way to go to be better than Lebron and he's already a better scorer.
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::KD dont have to long to go. AT ALL
Rolltide4203::I think its pretty clear that the thunder will win some titles in the next 5-6 years its just a matter of how many
69johnb69::ya cause scoring always gives you titles right? he is gonna be just like kobe score points lose games rape woman then ask to be traded to miami for a ring
lebron8ringsGOAT::ikaka has a better jumper than west brook, and is taller than durant so he is better
lebron8ringsGOAT::finally you understand things correctly.  i dont mean better at just basketball i mean better at daily tasks, education, pp size, investments... stuff like that
springfresh3.1::Lin is better than Harden though and Ibaka is the best guy on the team. .....My head hurts
lebron8ringsGOAT::i give dayumn good head for a guy
KevinDurantFan.35::haha there such trolls they'll do anything to suck Lebricks D*ck
KevinDurantFan.35::The only thing Lebron has in common with Jordan is he's hairline and he still can't get that right
69johnb69::lebron in finals game 4 this year when they sweep clippers 29 pts 14 boards 13 assists 10 blocks 9 steals and 4 white woman after the game!!!
69johnb69::1 ring&gt; 0 lebron&gt;kd
lebron8ringsGOAT::adam morrison 2 rings &gt; lebron 1 ring
lebron8ringsGOAT::the only thing jordan does better than lebron is underwear
KevinDurantFan.35::6 rings &gt; 1
springfresh3.1::Bath salts is one helluva drug
KevinDurantFan.35::Lebron is a great player but he will never be better than Jordan! but KD will be the Best scorer of ALL TIME!!!
springfresh3.1::104&gt;86
lebron8ringsGOAT::hand jobs&gt;blow jobs
69johnb69::kd will never win a title or mvp, he is a ball hog and sucks!
69johnb69::lebron&gt;wade&gt;bosh&gt;mikemiller&gt;eddy curry&gt;ibaka&gt;kd&gt;scott brooks&gt;mikebrown&gt; westbrook
lebron8ringsGOAT::Ibaka&gt;kd&gt;scott brooks in his prime&gt;westbrook
69johnb69::kevin durant should take his talents to south beach cause thats the only way he wins a ring!
Black QBs are mentally weak::Westbrook musta been watchin skip tear into his a ss
Boomtown405::Lol that name is ridiculous
Saggy Roast::glad the thunder could handle the cavs at home. phew.
KevinDurantFan.35::Wade 3-15 &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Westbrook 10-16
lebron8ringsGOAT::and then kia will sponser GOAT instead of the blake
69johnb69::and the thunder suck! clippers heat in teh finals this year heat sweep lebron gets 2nd of 8 finals mvp
lebron8ringsGOAT::i thought that there was a finals mvp on every team every year? dang i didnt know you had to get there to win one..... thats why NOONE on the thunder will get one. tim duncan will win 2 more titles before the thunder get one
Saggy Roast::ususally to get a  finals mvp you have to actually win the finals. something lebron has done only once
springfresh3.1::Get them knee pads on boy
69johnb69::wade 2 rings 1 finals mvp, westbrook nothing!
springfresh3.1::69johnb69 - shaq sucked, wade carried him. plus the thunder has durant westbrook harden and ibaka. but they are all over rated anyways  wow
nba is the worst::**
69johnb69::shaq sucked, wade carried him. plus the thunder has durant westbrook harden and ibaka. but they are all over rated anyways
springfresh3.1::Wade also had Shaq in 2006
KevinDurantFan.35::He's only 23 wade is 30 lol
springfresh3.1::Why argue with these clowns, one of them just said Lin is better than Harden
KevinDurantFan.35::lol your right but I hate trolls!
KevinDurantFan.35::10 ast!!! let's go Westbrook
69johnb69::kevin durant how does yoru ring feel o wait you didnt get one cause heat worked you in the finals!
69johnb69::kevin durant has as many rings as mike brown
Boomtown405::Kevin durant balled out in the finals harden was a no show though
lebron8ringsGOAT::westbrook is like a 6 year old, he doesnt share balls, cant grow facial hair, and smells like kool aid
KevinDurantFan.35::Kobe &gt; Wade
lebron8ringsGOAT::Colorado court system &lt; Kobe
lebron8ringsGOAT::next game he will go 4-16 with 10 turnovers
springfresh3.1::Heat fans are delusional, they lose to Memphis so they troll every other board except their own LOL
lebron8ringsGOAT::harden&gt;westbrook
KevinDurantFan.35::Rudy raped the hell out the Heat! just like we will this year b*tch!
KevinDurantFan.35::Troll?
69johnb69::the heats 5th best player (mike miller) is better than okc's best player (serge ibaka) thats why miami is gonna 8 peat!!! and goat lebron will win at least 5 more mvps and 8 more finals mvps
69johnb69::yes i did! game 5 of the finals proved it crazy boy
josephac29::did u just say Serge is the best player on okc and mike miller is better than him? THE fu**
springfresh3.1::Lin better than Harden?  These fans are taking the Grizz loss to heart
69johnb69::your just an OKC bangwagon troll! you didnt like them until they got derek fisher
springfresh3.1::Like I said, youre looney
69johnb69::lebron has good jeans he will never get hurt! adn stop hatin we all know that ibaka is the glue that holds that garbage team together! and make miller hits 3's better than andrew bynum!!
springfresh3.1::Lin is better than Harden???????????? WTF!!!!!!!!!!!!
lebron8ringsGOAT::i bet ibaka is happy harden left, now he is the best on the team instead of second best, and now harden is the second best on the rockets behind lin
springfresh3.1::Yes OKC is a garbage team...them bath salts make people looney
lebron8ringsGOAT::mike miller has had enough injuries for 3 players.  his body is amazing, and good at healing too.  he has a stroke of a priest to a boy!
69johnb69::everyone else who doesnt believe in not 1 not2 not 3 not 4 not 5 not 6 not 7 but the dreded 8 peat are just haters! they wish they were heat fans 4lyfe like we are
springfresh3.1::Hell no, I repect Bron's game but the only players I like is D.Wade and Ray Allen
springfresh3.1::Shouldnt you guys be on the Memphis board LOL
ClayGold::Mike Miller is nowhere near Heat's best player and Ibaka is Thunder's 3rd best player. Lebron's due for an injury, so far in his career he's been Lucky and he's been playing alot..
lebron8ringsGOAT::finally someone else believes in the 8 peat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  HEAT 4 LIFE
caputo1987::Did anyone watch the video??? how in the world can you count that last shot by Durant an assist by Westbrook? he just threw it on the wing, durant covered by a man..holds it for two seconds turns around takes two dribbles, shot fakes,and then shoots.... that's an assist?????? WOW...
Rolltide4203::who cares dude
jrbenz23::How the hell does Waiters only get 21 minutes? It makes zero sense their bench is the worst in the league. He was playing well again I don't get it at all.
jrbenz23::Well that is stupid if you ask me
DrawohWasHere::Obvious that he did something he wasn't suppose to do.    B Scott won't allow that especially with a top pick.   He's sending a message to the young athlete.     Lose a game, but develop the player and team.
quickbr0wnf0x::That's the only explanation I can think of, unless he re-aggravated his leg injury.
Maniacpkt::The only person who can cover Westbrook is Westbrook, which he does a fine job of sometimes.  Still wouldn't trade him, however
dale2665::derek fisher is a better pg than westbrook, cp3,drose and williams because he has 5 rings..    --kobe fans
Soturburn::"I bash Westbrook cuz he shreds my team up.  I wish MY team had him."  -i-ji.zz-on-u
Watneys67::Westbrook shot better today and was less selfish, but he still almost got the polish triple double (pts, assists, and turnovers)
lake_405::Thunder are turning the ball over a lot but most of them are not live ball turnovers which don't effect the game near as much.
Soturburn::Plus OKC just gets up and down.  Their style of play might as well count on 10-12 TO's in any game.   Ill take it when it gets us as far as these guys have been going.
i-jizz-on-u::lol
i-jizz-on-u::i'm a point but i jack up  a grip of shotsand i turn itover owell -russelwestbrick
Soturburn::why do u care?
lake_405::You can tell that it is obviously a 10 year old on his moms computer just ignore it lol. You can't reason with people like this.
Soturburn::Why u think this JI.ZZ guy cares so much about Westbrook on OKC?  Ill tell ya,  cuz OKC stands in his teams way.  Thats why.
i-jizz-on-u::nah it just annoys me that u think hes pg,just like dross
Soturburn::Whether he is or not though......why do you care?  You dont have anything better to worry about?
i-jizz-on-u::clippers &gt;spurs&gt;memphis&gt;okc&gt;lakers&gt;nuggets&gt;mavs&gt;jazz -phil jackson
i-jizz-on-u::idk hes still a better pg and clippers will dominate u lames
Soturburn::CP3 is a true PG,  Russ is a scorer but was pinned by OKC brass to be the PG.  If you dont want him there, write a letter to the Thunder front office.  Til then, YES, the Thunder will still be better than your team.
Soturburn::Chris Paul = INJURY PRONE brokedick  Westbrook =  IRONMAN.   holds current consecutive games played record.  Gimme Russ ANYDAY.
Rolltide4203::yeah no doubt.. wbrook a top 3-4 player in the league easy
lake_405::THIS^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
i-jizz-on-u::westbrick,jacks up a lots of shots,is a turn over machine,and is a sg not a point guard cp3&gt;wbricks
Soturburn::CP3 been to the FINALS in his 8-9 years?
lake_405::Whatever helps you sleep at night man. Thunder&gt;Clippers all day have fun getting knocked out in the first round again this year.
DaPhillies::7 blocks Ibaka??  Wow
Emoney321000::*Iblocka
Soturburn::Had 3 games last year with 10+ BLOCKS..........i believe.
TheBirdsOfWar::The Thunder would be better off if Durant gets more shots than Westbrook.
thedude0612::They are both dynamic scorers so the shot differential is a pretty trivial subject
lake_405::Not true Thunder has close to 75% winning percentage when Westbrook takes more shots.
LeChamp LeRing LeMVP LeGold LeGoat::Durant has officially handed the thunder to Westbrook
i-jizz-on-u::chris paul&gt;westbrick
i-jizz-on-u::yeah but who has paul had by his side,u got durant,ibaka,had harden,perkinsand u guys still choke,if cp3 would of been in that squad that would of been a easy ring,plus west brick is a turnover machine,and jacks up a gang of shots
thedude0612::Westbrook= 2 conference Finals appearances, NBA Finals appearance Paul= Yet to get past second round
i-jizz-on-u::russell westbrook like the ussual 8 to's
evodriver06::Trade Westbroke for Chris Paul!!! Than the Thunder would be unstoppable cause he could score what Westbroke does on 4 or 5 less shots a game and pass the ball to Durant to take those 4 or 5 more shots a game. That'd seriously be the most unstoppable combination in the NBA if that happened.
Rolltide4203::no theyd be much worse if u traded wbrook. wbrook much better than paul
GetEmJov::dude you really need to stop smoking, chris paul is the best pg in the league
Westjag::Chris Paul only had 8 assists tonight.........
sexylatino71::THUNDER ARE BACK IN BUSINESS BABY, I KNOW IS JUST THE CAVS BUT THE CHEMISTRY THEY ARE SHOWING WILL ONLY GET STRONGER.
BMITCH333::No?
evodriver06::there's some serious problems with this team when Westbrook is shooting an average of 2 more times a game than Durant, 1.2 more 3 pointers a game and shooting percentage is over .100 less than Durant. When he's shooting 36% to Durant shooting 48 or 49%, there's no damn way Westbrook should be shooting more, it sounds to me like they traded the wrong guy when they traded Harden, they need to trade the ball hog Westbroke, it's Westbroke cause he's got a broke $@% shot. Dude shoot up more bricks than anybody in the league.
josephac29::Not true Thunder has close to 75% winning percentage when Westbrook takes more shots.
-Rangers::Maynor is a pure pg
Gordoc0303::yet the team is still 5-2 and went to the nba finals last year
evodriver06::yeah, and would be better with the best player on the team being the main guy shooting the ball, imagine if he took the most shots every game and had a pure point guard feeding him to take over more games. Westbrook just ruins his rythem. Durant is the best player in the game and he's got a PG holding him back from dominating more than what he does right now
evodriver06::And as for the Cavs, in my eyes they got a very bright future. Kyrie is a baller, Dion Waiters is a baller, Vereajo is decent but they need to find a solid big man in the offseason or in the draft next year and If Tristan Thompson can start to develop into a solid post up PF who can dominate on the boards the Cavs in a couple years are gonna be a playoff team year in year out.
xmrsmirnoff::harden wanted to leave u idiots and west brook is the best pg in the game
evodriver06::And liking your own comment??? hahaha, now that's pathetic
evodriver06::And Harden wanted to leave cause he wanted to be a featured player, not a 6th man, that's completely understandable and that wasn't what OKC was gonna do for him. Thunder would be a  better team with any other PG in the league, anybody who would let the best player on the team shoot the most on the team. Bulls wouldn't have been the Bulls with somebody shooting more than MJ. Lakers wouldn't have any of the success they've had with Fisher shooting more than Kobe.
evodriver06::Westbrook is ball hog, how the hell a guy shooting 36% gonna shoot more times than the best player on his team, best player in the league. You're an idiot to think Westbrook is a real PG
evodriver06::Thunder would be way better with a pure PG who knew how to feed the best player on the team, not 1 that thinks he's the best player on the team. They need to take the ball out of his hands and put him at SG and get a real PG.
bmrsnrox::good russ showed up tonight.
Rolltide4203::what about the 27 10 6 and 4 stls?
bwc2000::But that's 8 turnovers.. if it's some other point guard, people will be saying something.
The Honey Badger::meh, he still had 8 turnovers. at least he shot good.
Its all my fault::I fear TT will never develop an NBA offensive game..
Its all my fault::he is like a deer in headlights when he has the ball in the post.. come on man
T.O.G.M.S.17::he hasn't even endured a full season yet lol
T.O.G.M.S.17::coming out, Tristan was very raw offensively. but the guy does rebound very well and defend well too. got to give him a few more years to polish the post game
Its all my fault::Kmart! reppin the great state of Ohio baby!!  still tho.. not happy about this cavs loss! lol
GetEmJov::Any PG can dominate our second unit in cleveland, I think we have the worst bench in the NBA.
i-jizz-on-u::u have the worst everything,cleveland just sucks period
bmrsnrox::have you seen the lakers bench?
Its all my fault::truth! no question.. 2nd unit is GOD AWFUL! lol
