Stanton Sasaki::I agree with Kobe, there is NO WAY he is the #25 best player in the NBA.  He shouldn't  even make the top 100!
Adrian Alexander Garcia::Thanks George Takei. I see you're with one of your shopping buddies in that photo.
Stanton Sasaki::Adrian, What are you insinuating?  That I'm gay because Kobe isn't very good anymore?  What a d-bag you are!  Come down to Huntington Beach anytime to discuss in person.
Jared Keller::The internet tough guy persona is lame. As for Kobe, why do you expect him to come back from an injury and dominate right away? He will be back to proving haters like you wrong. I'm not a Kobe fan, but when I see a great player in any sport I give credit where it is due. Kobe is the closest thing to MJ, so if you think Kobe sducks then you obviously think Jordan sucked too?
Jody George Prats::Laker Nation: Population 0
Nima Soleimani::Lakers WITHOUT Kobe > Lakers WITH Kobe.
Chase Sutherland::Lakers without Kobe had Blake and farmar at pg instead of a guy playing out of position
Jody George Prats::Idiot Kobe is wrecking what the Lakers had going. 4 losses 1 win............"Scrub"
Dick Pie::Kyle Korver > Kobe
Renee Pantoja::Kobe sucks! Thats what I was saying was going to happen.
Eboni Clay::Lmao mnf but still cant get his mind off kobe. Dude is sick
Mad SammyBoy::"Kobe shot 31% and had five turnovers. It's not HIS fault the Lakers lost."  - A stupid idiot
Taylor Vail::Lakers shot 5/21 from 3, gave up 15 Offensive rebounds and they gave up 114 points. Sure, he was to blame for the loss but so was everyone else but hill IMO...Meeks shot 1-8...Kobe had the best +/- of all the starters.
Travis Pavich::Nope. According to Kobe he played fantastic. It was the refs and his teammates that lost this game!!!
Alan Hickman::Taylor Vail..I don't get that plus minus stuff. . But how can Kobe have a plus/minus better than j. Hill he went 8/8 from the field and    gasol went 7/9 how on earth can that not be better than 4/14 for Kobe... That plus minus stuff is a joke
Mike Plummer::Lakers get demolished again. Kobe shoots 4-14. Lakers 1-4 since his return. Can't wait to hear from his fanboys hiw it's all Pau's fault.
Steve Blesson::Really!!! Pau was 16-10 on 7 for 9 shooting tonight, and ESPN posts an article about him being washed up while the truly washed up is Kobe, who by the way making 30M$ this year! His whole life was a scam, playing off dominating centers like Shaq, Gasol and Bynum is their primes, to collect all of his garbage jumpers!
Jody George Prats::1 win 4 losses and he already leads the NBA in turnovers per minutes played. Kobe is a choker!
Jared Keller::Yeah, the rings he has shows how horrible he has been as a basketball player. Typical simple-minded hater.
Justin Emerson::Jared Keller horrible argument lol
Renee Pantoja::Jared, you and all the Kobe lovers are a bunch of idiots! He has five rings, Big Fu#king Deal! So do 11 other guys, and they're all tied in 14th place for most rings won by a player on a TEAM. What you morons seem to forget is there are 14 other people playing on the team. The only player right now that has a realistic chance to catch up with Jabbar, Jordan, Pippen, and Cousy with 6 rings, is Derek Fisher, who by the way has 5 rings and is a class act, and a team player. Not putting Kobe in there for a couple of reasons. One the only thing Kobe cares about is Kobe. 2 If he really wanted another ring he would have taken a huge pay cut, say down to 10- 12 million, then they could have gone after 2 big free agents. How much more money does he really need. 3 Even if he did take the pay cut I'm not sure any of the big free agents would sign with the Lakers, because of Kobe. Why don't you put down the Koolaide, quit having wet dreams about Kobe, and try thinking straight, then you might understand why there are so many haters. BTW, I've been watching Basketball for a really long time, and I have never heard fans or players rant on and on about Bill Russel having 11 rings, or John Havelicek having 8 rings, Robert Horry having 7 rings. You know why? BECAUSE THEY WERE TEAM PLAYERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Ok you can go back to drinking your koolaide now.
Jody George Prats::Hawks 98  Lakers 87 Lakers are a hot mess with Kobe at pg.
Dick Pie::I'd have Teague pressure Kobe full court and then back off when he gets into the front court a bit and make his tired a$$ hit the "J!"
Eboni Clay::On every single laker game board, u never fail
Dick Pie::Eboni Clay Ape so what?
Yolonda Bell::If anyone else was playing like Kobe, D'Antoni would have them on the bench.  His point guard assignment isn't working out so what does it matter it he sits this one out?
Dick Pie::It's an entertainment league and Kobe Bryant is a popular BRAND in the NBA, though overrated BIGTIME these days.
Jacque Ortiz Warren::Dick Pie Overrated big time his WHOLE career.
Steve Blesson::MDA wants to prove a point to Kobe! lol it's like a punishment. He doesn't care if LAL loses anymore, he wants to make Kobe look as bad as possible out there!
David Garcia::typical Kobe game  made shots 4. missed shots 10. lol. he so sucks
Art-Lucy Gutierrez::Kobe = done Gasol = soft D'Antoni = clueless Rest of team = scrubs  Season over.
Taylor Vail::3 games out with 58 games to go...yup they're done.
Dick Pie::Man these Lakers suck.  Too bad then can't play the Bobcats everygame they might stay at .500.
David Kim::Well considering that the Bobcats seem to have Lakers' #s... I don't think having them face the Bobcats is a good idea either. Lol.
Mad SammyBoy::Kobe misses the rim on a 30-pointer (nice shot selection!), then turns the ball over... I guess it's just because he's still rusty. He hasn't played in several months, right? He's just shaking off the rust? Haha.
Dre Sampson::A few of my favorite players  Kobe Favors Gay Love  Sessions
Milhouse Dafivehundredblock Rep::That sounds gay azz hell
Michael J Ortiz::That was funny the first hundred times I heard it .
Scott Carter::Your late with stealing that
Jason Benion::Some of you laker fans are pathetic. No other franchise that a player brought 2 championships to gets the kind of treatment that you guys have given Pau over the last few years. And yes I said BROUGHT. Because if he doesn't come over in 2008 they DO NOT make 3 straight finals appearances and your hero Kobe DOES NOT win ring 4 and 5. Unless you are that much of a Kobetard that you think he would have won them with Kwame Brown. You Kobetards should realize thatif Gasol didnt come over in 2008 Kobe would have kept demanding to be traded and he would have "Lebroned" the Lakers and left. Yes Kobe was on his way out had the lakers not made a move. He saved Kobe's career as a Laker so you Laker fans need to loosen your panties and show the man a little respect
Victor Turner V.T.::Putting the emotions of some Laker fans aside, he still needs to be traded.  Business, nothing personal.
Jerry Garza::Its apparent Pau wants out. Soooo Laker fans dont want anyone that doesnt want to be there.
Doug Bailey::Jerry Garza kobe throws him under the bus n he's trade bait the last few yrs...... yeah i wouldn't want to b there either
H.r. Rearden::Does D'Antoni have a contract clause that he can't pull Kobe out when he is stinking up the joint?  We've come to expect the non existent D, but when he can't throw it in the ocean, whats the point?
Mike Plummer::Prime Kobe was a poor man's Jordan. This version is a homeless man's Jordan.
Dick Pie::Great game Kobe!  Looking fresh out there with your fat A$$
Dick Pie::Come on man he isn't fat.  OH wait he is!  too many donuts for that lazy ape!
Joel Almestica::Dick Pie   !WOW! The level of narcism! Did you really reply to yourself or the site is glitching?
Jody George Prats::Pau Gasol and Jordan Hill were a combined 15 for 17 and Kobe isn't smart enough to feed that?  *moron
Raymond Siu::WHAT KIND OF BS OFFENSE HAS THE BIG MAN AT THE TOP OF THE KEY HANDLING THE BALL? OH RIGHT, MIKE D'ANTONI'S STUPID OFFENSE DOES.
Dick Pie::Go have another donut Kobe!  That double chin aint going away!
Adrian Alexander Garcia::Dude, you're pretty fat to be saying that..
Lester Avellan::Wow I never to say the Kobe stats suck. First of all 4-14 is bad. Than when take a look at his 8 points, 6 assist, and three rebounds. This stats are garbage time or from an average rookie.
Lester Avellan::#Thought
Cashis' King::Don't forget 5 turnovers
Mike Ockeslong::Cashis, you should be Obamas interpreter.  You appear to have done a good job at interpreting what Lester was trying to convey.
Francisco Gomez::Funny how they don't mention how much of a turnover machine kobe has been since being back.  Hopefully he can get back to his scoring ways and let the pg's be pg's
Bobby Dwayne::what PGs?
Dick Pie::They aint got none so they are stuck with that bum.
Darnell Lee::He always had turnovers nothing new....but was clutch and carried this team for many years...so they let it go.
Michael Lanphere::Kobe is killing the Lakers with his TO's. Gasol must have read some of the latest articles on him recently. Can he keep it up?
Michael Lanphere::Sekou Garrett Gasol's heart isn't with the Lakers any more. It shows in his lack of effort.
Matthew Wingate::Big lakers fan and Kobe fan but, these turnovers are RIDICULOUS! Make the easy play guys. Geez.
