financeguru1::Does anybody know if the Suns have resigned Michael Redd and Shannon Brown?
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::I too still hate the Spurs and their fans. I will be passionately rooting against the Spurs and for whatever teams play the Spurs in the playoffs. GO JAZZ!!!
JackK-Az::Ahhh. A kid at school told me the suns might go after Kobe... I was like no way, please please no. I don't care how good he is just no. Eric Gordon = Wins, Kobrick = wins and drama.
Raidersyeahthatsright::Wondering where that Suns fan is that was saying how Gortat is now and has always been better than Duncan and has had a better career than Duncan? I wonder how that genius felt after watching Tiago Splitter (Duncans' backup!!) embarass Gortat all night? TFF!
Meet-The-Forkers::I am rooting for whoever plays against Lakers and Spurs
Raidersyeahthatsright::I'm rooting for the you to get your GED.
Meet-The-Forkers::I still hate the Spurs and their fans
Raidersyeahthatsright::Like we give a shiRt!
elperuano69::As someone living in Phoenix who isn't a suns fan, thank you Spurs for sending Nash out with a loss!  So much schadenfreude today!
jeff202040::This game was a Joke for all who watched-- The Suns acted as if this was a preseason game and I agree that there was no reason for Nash to be sitting on the bench most of the game.. Players laughing on the bench while the game is being played and you're loosing. Gortat is absolutely horrible and I hope he gets shipped off to China..When you're are that big and play like a 13yr old girl you deserve to loose your job... The Suns should be embarrassed on how they played in front of the home fans.. Alvin Gentry claims he wanted to win that game, sure didn't look like it to the Fans...
PHX--SUNS::it was a meaningless game... dont know if you understand that.
jeff202040::The Charlotte Bobcats played with more heart than the Suns...
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Goooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!! Spurs!!!!! Goooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!! Time to redeem yourselves from last year and show everyone why your the best in the west! Btw....how ironic that people still bring up the past......the Spurs don't look to the past....maybe just learn from it....but seriously no one can do anything about the past.....so keep hating....it doesn't bother us Spurs fans!
lsiberian::They don't even play the big 3 and win. Pop could coach a blind squirrel.
OriginalKiteMike::It will be interesting to see what Spurs do vs Warriors with Jefferson there. Who will play? Same bench group with bench coach too? Most likely ...  I forget ... now with this last game win tonight vs Warriors, will that be 13 or 15 straight seasons with a plus 50 game win record ???
mccoy3181::Pop wasnt even at the game.  The Spurs are just that deep
Does Wayne Brdy Hfta Djokovic::If the squirrel was 7 ft
polocash::Anyone who picks Jazz over Spurs is just dreaming. Easy to predict though.. if it comes true, they can say I told you so!!! But where will they be when it doesn't go that way??? See how many come back and admit they were wrong..   How many of these dreamers are actually betting real money on this prediction?  .
Raidersyeahthatsright::Zero!
Nonchalant Ag::Spurs still winning without the team's 3 best players and  head coach? And Utah is going to upset them? You people are grasping at straws.
johnnywalnuts87::i was in shock. coach even said he wanted to win this game to have a winning record..he lied..big time
OriginalKiteMike::I'm still wondering WHY Suns didn't play Steve Nash more .... 2 point game with 4 minutes to go ??? That game was up for grabs and they didn't seem to want to use Nash to win it. What's up with that??? Suns fans were chanting for him to play and win it for them.  And after all, he works for them - even though he's the boss. Nobody throws in the towel in that close a game with nothing to lose and, it's the last game of the season for those loyal fans ... Wow !!  I would love to know why .... Anyone???   If it were Spurs fans in that position, we would want Manu or Tony in there closing out that one.
jeff202040::This game was a Joke for all who watched-- The Suns acted as if this was a preseason game and I agree that there was no reason for Nash to be sitting on the bench most of the game.. Players laughing on the bench while the game is being played and you're loosing. Gortat is absolutely horrible and I hope he gets shipped of to China..When you're are that big and play like a 13yr old girl you deserve to loose your job...  The Suns should be embarrassed on how they played in front of the home fans..
IAmJonasJones::did you watch the game?  because noone on either team wanted to be there... it was basically a meaningless pre season game  had the suns beaten utah the night before the suns would have destroyed the spurs backups last night but they lost to utah and the game became meaningless to both teams
lsiberian::Right because none of them are playing for jobs or pride.
scoot tre::Spurs this year are a perfect example of the sum being greater than the parts as opposed to being so reliant on individuals.  Would this have anything to do with Pop's military like tactics?  I've not served in my life but have family who has and it seems like that mentality.  If you're in, you better execute.  Know everyone's role but do your job--no matter who you are.
UTSisTexas::bring it Jazz
UTSisTexas::#5 is ours! they beat a team that was fighting for the 8th seed without any of their core players.
WeAreTheMIB::LMFAO @ all the Spurs haters talking about last year.  That's all they have.  4 rings, baby!  Soon to be 5!  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
DalvinSplit::Jazz is good jung team and good test for the Spurs  ,including to prepare for the next round against bigs  from Memphis or Clippers .Spurs will win 4 - 0 GO SPURS GO
Spursdc::Everyone is talking about the Jazz front court like they are great or something. I don't see them giving the Spurs trouble at all. The haters are just trying to find something to hang on to.
Ralinquish::4-0
The_Devlin::Jefferson and Milsap are a solid front court, they are better than the Spurs starting front court as individual players.  But after that Utah doesn't have much so the Spurs can cheat to cover them.  The Spurs defensive rotations and offensive teamwork/passing is far superior to Utah.  So while Jefferson and Milsap may put up some points and score well when isolated in single coverage, the Spurs should still easily win the series, probably 4-1 maybe 4-2 if Utah really plays well.
playinaround2::Suns fans really are the most pathetic in the NBA. Remember that last Spurs-Pacers game, how good the conversations were, bright but partisan fans on both sides making and taking points? Suns fans couldn't even imagine that kind of thing. And it's been like that for years. Funniest thing of all is that they still whine about the refs ENFORCING the rules against their team in a play-off series so long ago that they've even beaten the Spurs in a series since then - and that's one rare event. So happy the Spurs beat them at Nash's last home game, suing back-up players AND coach.
Does Wayne Brdy Hfta Djokovic::guess you know every Suns fan? Impressive.
ImOldschool1964::props to little Stevie Nash, always a class act, I always respected him despite the "dousch-iness" of kleenex Suns fans.  Personally, I would like to see him get with an organization that gives him a chance to win a ring, althugh the SPURS don't have any room for him.
The_Devlin::If Nash would take the mid-level exception of around $5.6 million he could start for the Heat.
playinaround2::I'd love to see Nash in the East, maybe helping the Pacers, 76ers, or Hawks cause some headaches for the Heat and Bulls.
matthim_cauthon::Nice work Patty Mills. Great to see the Aussie boy getting some good minutes and putting up a strong performance. Very glad he went to the Spurs. Popovich always seems to get the best out of his players.
68steve13::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets
sorry if I hurt your feelings::Steve Nash wants to play 3 more seasons but couldn't even play the last 20 seconds.....LOSER.  I couldn't care less if he leaves now.
PHX--SUNS::you are an absolute moron. not a true suns fan. gtfo
ImOldschool1964::sorry is a-typical of what we've come to expect from Kleenex Suns fans, the one guy on your team that is a class act and sorry trashes him.  Wow.
RockyMountainWay1::Spurs have NO excuse to not make it past the first round, when their starters are playing they're blowing teams outs left and right and when they're all sitting, now they're still beating good teams like the Suns, they are just too deep too much talent. if they blow it against the Jazz i'll be ashamed and i'm not even a Spurs fan.
ImOldschool1964::Last year was an anamoly.  The SPURS best player was playing with a broken arm and they did not have near the dpeth to make up for it.  I will raise the stakes here:  If the Spurs don't go on to the NBA FInals (and win), I will be extremely disappointed.
playinaround2::You're right, that would be shameful. Also unlikely.
sorry if I hurt your feelings::The Suns are NOT a good team.  The only decent players they have are Grant Hill and Nash.  Hill didn't play and Nash only played 18 minutes.  The Suns couldn't even beat the Spurs second string COACH.
RockyMountainWay1::Pop wasnt there even? but I disagree Suns are a pretty good team but they didnt have much to play for tongiht
sorry if I hurt your feelings::I just got back from the game and was FULLY disappointed that Nash sat out the 4th quarter.  With 20 seconds left the Suns were down by two points and Steve Nash did his best LeBron impression by sitting on the sideline as the team lost.  He's got 6-7 months to rest and couldn't come in for 20 freaking seconds to ATTEMPT the game winner?  If he leaves then GOOD RIDDANCE.  Steve Nash is the ONLY star we have yet he left the crowd and his team down by sitting out the defining moment of the game and letting them lose.  Maybe Nash makes the 3 and rides off into the SUNSet as a legend or maybe he misses....but he didn't even try.  Kobe would never do that.
The_Devlin::The Suns only have $30 million committed next year.  Re-sign Nash and try to bring in a big time free agent.  Don't re-sign the older guys (ie Grant Hill) and bring in some youth.  If the Suns can sign an impact free agent they can try to make a title run in the next year or two while they still have Nash.  But they should be looking to the future at this point.    And I agree that Nash is a defensive liability but he is one of the best all around PGs in the game still.
sr271982::SORRY BRO NASH IS A LIABILITY ON DEFENSE
I3UTTON::Except he more than makes up for it based on the plays he makes on offense. He brings his teammates to a whole other level, that's what great players do and that's why he's a future first ballot HOF'er
objectivefan71::i am a heat fan even before lebron got here but must say spurs look scary. If not for heat then spurs are my second favorite. if it is heat-spurs finals, then i will support heat. congrats to spurs for a wonderful season
ImOldschool1964::The SPURS are a tough team to hate.  They are consistent winners, they epitomize team basketball and all their players from the big 3 on down have character and humility.  They are refreshing in a society and a sport where "flash" is encouraged over substance.  Good guys wear black and silver.
thelastword34::Yeah Spurs seem to be playing better than anyone right now.   I can't believe what they are doing.   I am a Rockets fan and am predisposed to HATE The Spurs, but can't.  I want to, but I just can't.  Grrrr....
68steve13::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets
68steve13::Martingale
thelastword34::What kind of system is it?
dakgnosis::No Duncan, No Manu, No Parker, No Pop. NO PROBLEM.    GO SPURS GO!
sorry if I hurt your feelings::Go Utah.  This year's Grizzlies.  Nice regular season record Spurs.
ImOldschool1964::Get over your butt hurt-you loser.
daboafadem::Splitter - Player of the game.
PHX--SUNS::WE WANT STEVE!! WE WANT STEVE!! WE WANT STEVE!!
sorry if I hurt your feelings::"I cannot play with the game on the line.  Maybe I can play 3 more seasons though." ---Steve
PHX--SUNS::he didnt make the decision you dipsh*t... plus it was a meaningless game. quit posing as a suns fan and just writing hate comments about nash.
daboafadem::Suck the last few drops out of the head of last year's playoffs, Spur haters.  Been sucking on that dique all year.  Time running out though.
jbe1984::It's still gonna be used... by fans of teams with no championships.
AZwildcatz4life::hey what does restricted free agent mean?
The_Devlin::The team the player is on has a chance to match any offers from other teams.  If the "home" team matches the offer the player must stay with their current team.
convolutedthought::spurs will lose to jazz 1st round...calling it
playinaround2::Jazz backcourt has no answer for Spurs backcourt, and that problem runs deep into the benches.
sr271982::WHAT THE $@% ARE YOU TALKING?...SPURS GOT THE BEST TEAM AND COACH IN THE WEST
I3UTTON::Naw
convolutedthought::thats how they beat my lakers...through fastbreak or pushing the ball
daboafadem::Pushing the ball and exploting other players being out of position is a totally different thing from getting a turnover and racing to the rack.
convolutedthought::spurs half court offense is suspect, most of their points seem to come from fastbreak...and jazz's frontcourt will be tough to beat plus devin is just as fast as parker, I'm just saying I wont be surprised if they lose
daboafadem::You clearly do not watch much Spurs basketball.  Very little, VERY little of their scoring comes on fast breaks.
jbe1984::Certainly could happen, but if the Spurs run the pick and roll as effectively as they have been, they shouldn't have much trouble with their half court offense in the first round.
NOVABuffalo::that's about a 20 to 1 shot.
ImOldschool1964::Old and tired?  you don't watch too much SPURS basketball do you?
grsshppr::I'm so happy they're in the playoffs but you are right.  I love my Jazz but they have never been able to play the Spurs very well.  Even though the Spurs are old and tired we'd have a better chance against the OKC Thunder.  We've played them well this year and in years passed.
daboafadem::The Jazz are the least likely team to advance.
convolutedthought::will be interesting....west is wide open...i know my lakers arent safe either...
ImOldschool1964::your Lakers are a HUGE joke.
convolutedthought::yup...lol...jazz's frontcourt is pretty good...
jbe1984::Haven't given a full-strength Spurs team many fits this season, though.
jbe1984::That's true.
jbe1984::Where will you be in a couple weeks when that doesn't happen? Calling the Clips/Grizz over the Spurs in Rnd 2?
NOVABuffalo::yes --- you got that one
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::I'm off this board. Remember: Sports junkies rule and news hounds suck.
jbe1984::Is that your real photo?
jbe1984::Just wondering. If so, he's taken a lot of crap for it. Way to leave it up there.
TubbyTime334::Who Really Cares?
NOVABuffalo::Suns fans post on boards, Spurs fans watch playoffs --- FACT
TubbyTime334::Spurs Lose To 8 Seeds --- Fact
The_Devlin::This is the 14th season for Tim Duncan and 14th straight playoff appearance for the SPurs.  But the Spurs have only missed the playoffs once since 1989-90.
playinaround2::Spurs make it to playoffs 15 straight years, in 4 of which they win rings and once lose to an 8 seed. Suns fans would die for that record - fact. I was going to say kill for it, but they'd miss.
NOVABuffalo::LOL --- all you got?  Suns fan, right?
jbe1984::Suns miss playoffs for second straight year, take next step towards perennial lottery position -- Fact
68steve13::SPURS= #1 Seed in the regular season=1st round playoff exit
jbe1984::By the way, from your earlier posts, you don't seem to know much about playoff seeding or the recent history of your own team.  That knocks the credibility right out of your comments.
NOVABuffalo::It's all many Suns fans have, most don't recall the mid-70s teams.  The fact is the Spurs-Suns faced each other the following year and Spurs won 4-1.  I guess not bad, since the Suns were "so much better" than the Spurs.
OriginalKiteMike::Not this year.
jbe1984::Suns = no seeding at all...
9-11 IS AN INSIDE JOB::Good night / morning everyone. Ron Paul 2012 r3VOLution!
jbe1984::Attn Suns fans:  You're team was beaten by the Spurs in '07. It wasn't rigged. It wasn't fixed. You had every opportunity, and you blew it. One game didn't make the difference. If it was your series to win, or if you were so much better, why was it tied 2-2 after 4 games? Why did the Spurs win easily in 6 games instead of 7? You had your chances. You didn't capitalize on them. Maybe if you could've played 7 seconds or more of defense...
marcus-s2981::hmmm nothing else to say huh suns fans....freakin joke.
georger lives u fux::yeah, it was the Suns series... good points, +sure Sperms fans would be whining the same if things went against them and I hate the sperms and stuns
jbe1984::Not whining. Maybe still disappointed, but that's all.  I still don't think Fish could've gotten off a shot in 0.4 seconds in 2004. But you know what? It counted, and the Spurs still had a chance to beat LA. They didn't. That's the reality.  The problem is, Suns fans still on here crying about suspensions in a series from 5 years ago.
9-11 IS AN INSIDE JOB::It was 5 years ago. The Suns has set already.
68steve13::You can talk about 2006 but talk to me about 2009, you know when you got broomed by the 8 seed Suns in the first round. Spurs just too slow and old
jbe1984::2007 is what I'm talking about. In 2006, the Spurs lost a heartbreaker of a series in 7 games to the Mavs. It's easy for me to play what if, but the fact is, we didn't take care of business at home in game 7. And  2009 wasn't a 1-8 matchup.
68steve13::We sure enjoyed sweeping ur patchetic $@%!$ the last time we met in the playoffs. I believe we were an 8 seed and you were a 1 seed and we brought the brooms out and said GTFOH !!!
daboafadem::It was the Jedi Master, Obi-Wan Ginobili all along. The Suns bench were in fact storm troopers. Jedi Master Ginobili sent a telepathic memo to the Suns bench of storm troopers that indeed, the droids they were looking for, were out on center court. And the Suns fell for it.
jbe1984::Tough break for sure. Champions overcome tough breaks. Everybody else goes home. The Spurs have gone home plenty of times, but they also know how to overcome.
jbe1984::Not quite accurate in the seeding, but yes, you swept us. Nobody's pretending you didn't.  See how freeing it is when your opponent accepts defeat?
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::And the Suns DID get screwed in 2007. That's a truism.
68steve13::Hail the cheap shot Horry
jbe1984::WAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!! It's not fair! It must be somebody else's fault! WWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Here's how the playoffs will play out.    East 1st round.  Bulls over 76ers 4-1.(The 76ers have been playing good basketabll lately,but the Bulls are still far their superior.)  Heat over Knicks 4-1.(The Heat are a bad matchup for the Knicks. If they had drawn the Bulls I'd have liked their chances better and gone 4-2. But even there,the bottom line is the Knicks don't play good enough defense to have a real chance to win a series.)  Pacers over Magic 4-1.(Without Howard,the Magic's cupboard is pretty bare. And Larry Bird has done an outstanding job buliding this Pacers team.)  Celtics over Hawks 4-2;.(I expect a competitive series here,but the Celtics are a more clutch team than the Hawks. And the Hawks are prone to turnover bugs.)    East 2nd round.  Bulls over Celtics 4-3.(Hard fought series between 2 quality ballclubs. This was a hard series to pick. But at the end of the day,I do feel the Bulls are the better team here.)  Heat over Pacers 4-2.(The Heat shouldn't have too much trouble with the Pacers at home,but I do see the Pacers winning a couple of games in Indy.)    Eastern Confrence Finals.  Heat over Bulls 4-3. (Extremely competitive. I say LeBron makes the difference in this series. There are way too many anti LeBron posts on the ESPN boards. True NBA fans respect LeBron.)    West 1st round.  Jazz over Spurs 4-0.(The Jazz have a fantastic front line with Jefferson,Millsap,and Favors. And Heywood is underrated.)  Thunder over Mavericls 4-2. (The Mavericks are dangerous and Dirk is always a threat to carry them. But I just can't see Durant,Westbrook,and Harden losing in the first round. The Thunder have grown up and progressed each year.)  Lakers over Nuggets 4-2. (The Nuggets are playing quality basketball right now,but I feel Kobe makes the difference in this series. There are too may anti Kobe and anti Lakers posts on the ESPN boards. True NBA fans respect Kobe and true NBA fans respect the Lakers.)  Grizzles over Clippers 4-3. (By far the toughest series to pick. But the Grizzles showed last year that they have what it takes to succeed in the playoffs and this year they have Gay healthy. I'd like the Clippers chances better if "Mr big shot."were healthy. CP3 is a great player,but I do think the Grizzles are a better team.)    West 2nd round.  Thunder over Lakers 4-2.(Durant and Kobe are both elite players,and the Lakers have played well with Sessions. This pick is more that I think the Thunder are that good than anything about the Lakers.)  Grizzles over Jazz 4-2. (The Jazz inexperience hurts them here. The Grizzles can build off what they did in the playoffs last year.)    Western Confrence Fianls.   Thunder over Grizzles 4-3. (Again,this is more that I think the Thunder are that good than anything about the Grizzles. I say Durant carries them through the West.)    NBA Finals.  Heat over Thunder 4-3.(I've changed my mind about the winner of this a couple of times. But I think,as with the Eastern Confrence Finals,LeBron makes the difference here. I think he'll be super motivated this year. Plus,when they're on,the Heat play the best defense I've seen in a long time. I'm really impressed with how the Heat's pressure defense can force turnovers and lead to fast break points. It is a big reason I am picking the Heat to win it all.)
YankeesandRedSuxsuck::you lost all credability when you say "Jazz over Spurs 4-0".
objectivefan71::go back to bed old man. go change your diapers. jazz over spurs what a retar*
jbe1984::He's just a troll. I'm surprised he took the time to write all that out.
OriginalKiteMike::You're credibility went right out the window .... jazz in 4 vs Spurs ? .... bias Suns fan.
9-11 IS AN INSIDE JOB::All you said is correct. Except with Dallas. They will beat OKC because of Westbrook (Westbrick). You will see.
sr271982::MAYBE BUT SPURS COME OUT THE WEST....TOO DEEP...TOO EXPEIRENCED......BAD $@% COACH......HOME COURT
sr271982::ISNT THIS GAME OVER??
sr271982::LOL
9-11 IS AN INSIDE JOB::It's over when it's over.
9-11 IS AN INSIDE JOB::and Ron Paul will be the next American President!
9-11 IS AN INSIDE JOB::I think Spurs will be the Champion!
jank6708::Thanks Phoenix for laying down and letting the Wolves get the 15th overall pick in the 2012 NBA draft.
68steve13::Twolves wont see the playoffs in this millinium so it's irrelevant anyways
jank6708::they'll be seeing them before the Suns
dustyraiderTTU::ruuuuubbiiiooooooooo!!!! the new manu ginobili?
Meet-The-Forkers::night!! That is the "thud" you hear.
dolfan2949::That loud thud you just heard was Suns fans hitting the deck....... buh-bye now!!
daboafadem::It was the Jedi Master, Obi-Wan Ginobili all along.  The Suns bench were in fact storm troopers.  Jedi Master Ginobili sent a telepathic memo to the Suns bench of storm troopers that indeed, the droids they were looking for, were out on center court.  And the Suns fell for it.
thelastword34::Suns have always been a first class organization with first class fans.  S.T.F.U.  I am a Rockets fan by the way.  I still respect them as do I the Spurs, even though I hate losing to either.
daboafadem::Dolfan, I just learned a terrible truth about the Spurs 2007 series VS Phoenix.  It had nothing to do with Robert Horry.
daboafadem::Shaq wasn't even on that team.  You're thinking of 2008.
OriginalKiteMike::That's right. It had nothing to do with Robert Horry and Nash's FLOP. Tim Duncan hit that 3 point shot with Shaq watching from about 15 feet away.  Still got a picture of him doing it on my freakin cell phone .... years later.  WHY ?  Timmy NEVER  takes 3s !!! But he sure did that night.  First and ONLY one of the whole season and, he nailed it.
68steve13::As well as your Miami Dolphins  GTFOH
Meet-The-Forkers::LOL, Ok I am off after I reply to my fellow Suns below.
68steve13::Fork, you really think Steve is going to the HEat next season?
OriginalKiteMike::Those guys letting a small white guy tell em what to do?  LOL  No freakin way Nash fits in with those idiots.
thelastword34::Exactly.... at least in OKC he would have YOUNG stars that would appreciate and admire an elder statesman like him.  Nash would be able to settle those guys down and LEAD them.  As if Leballhog and Wade are going to follow Nash.  That is laughable.
gpasqualicchio::No way to LeBron and Wade both give up the ball to someone else. Nash needs to control the ball and be a fascilitator
68steve13::I think the Heat have alot more talent than OKC
OriginalKiteMike::Wade = thug and LeBrawn is an immature elitist. Kobe and CP3 = thugs too. So they all are gonna loose everything they have soon enough.  Ask Kobe. He already lost HALF ...
thelastword34::Yet a star that has a reputation for choking in the playoffs.  Nash does NOT need that.  Go with the younger guys that have NOT choked so hard.
68steve13::No worries. I shoot photography courtside for about 30 games a year
68steve13::Im the dude that sent you all of those pictures by email that one night of the suns game
Meet-The-Forkers::Sacramento pictures.I still have them. Thanks again
68steve13::Werd
68steve13::I honestly hope he does man. I just want to see him get a ring and I think that Miami is the next dynasty for championships. Thank God the Lakers era is over!!
thelastword34::Yeah Brooks is no Popovich, but neither was Popovich when he first took over the team.  OKC is very young and Nash would be the leader of the team.  They need that.  Nash would NOT be the leader of the Heat.  Lechoker thinks he is and Wade thinks he is.
OriginalKiteMike::True - but they STILL have to have the coach to get em there. They STILL don't have Popavich.
thelastword34::OKC woud be unbelievable with Nash at point.  He is a true point guard and Westbrook is not.
xenosapien::No they don't.  They have a great shooting guard.  Imagine how much better OKC would be with Nash running point and RW playing the shooting guard?
thelastword34::He is a shooting guard playing point guard.  Bring Nash in and put westbrook at shooting guard.  Are you kidding me?   Screw Lechoker.
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::OKC already has a top notch point guard.
thelastword34::The smartest move Steve could make would be to go to OKC.  Lechoker is never going to win a title and Steve doesn't need to get close and not get it.  He deserves one.  He is a supreme class act.
Meet-The-Forkers::Agreed!. I think you are PHXOWN13? originally?
Meet-The-Forkers::yip. I think he is taking his soccer skills to South Beach
Meet-The-Forkers::He only has 4,500 more assist to tie John! :) Lebron would assist him in his assist excellence!!
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::The Heat would be the perfect fit for Nash. They currently lack a true point guard and Nash would play well with LeBron.
thelastword34::Do you think he would do a sign and trade to help the Suns?
Je5teR777::Robert Sarver, Lance Blanks, Lon Babby = The Three Stooges of the Suns Front Office.
Meet-The-Forkers::and uofa alumni - yuck  OR a better part of the ownership is from uofa.:)
Meet-The-Forkers::I'm off. Spurs still suck
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::And Spurs fans still suck too.
Meet-The-Forkers::original
dolfan2949::nope, but albino trolls suck really big ones!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  fork you too forker!!
jbe1984::How many championships for the Cards, Suns, and D-Backs? How many conf titles for the Sun Devils (I don't count softball as a legit sport here since half the college world doesn't play it).  I guess when all your teams do is lose (except when Adrian Gonzalez is jacked up on roids), you hate on winning teams' fans.
thelastword34::Because they beat the crap out of your favorite team?
G_Dubble::thelastword34 - Yes I remember
thelastword34::Yes I remember
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Yes,the SUNS got SCREWED! in 2007. Reason the Spurs are the only team in the NBA I HATE! Spurs fans suck.
Meet-The-Forkers::refs took us out one year. Remember?
thelastword34::Meaning hating the Spurs because they really kept the Suns from winning a couple of titles.  If the Spurs had not taken your team out those years, I think the Suns would have won the whole thing.
Meet-The-Forkers::???
thelastword34::Now that I know who your team is, I can understand why you hate them.  Bummer to be that team that can't beat the one that wins the championship each year your team probably would have if you could have just beat them.
Meet-The-Forkers::We had no reason to win. Do the math. It was only a going away party for Steve
daboafadem::Who does Patty Mills think he is?  Shooting 9/23 like Kobe...
jbe1984::Russell Westbrook...
thelastword34::The next Kobe?  Jack them up and you will surely average a lot of points?
LikeyMcLike::Ok time for bed. See you Spurs in the first round.
