dakid::As much as I disliked G.Karl as a Head Coach... I am very disappointed at the lineups and the quick substitution pattern and all over the place lineups that Shaw is presenting! Sad for my fantasy teams, as well as making me not want to buy NBA League Pass because I don't want to pay all that money for the only team outside of Chicago that I root for! No NBA player can get in a groove playing 4 minutes at a time!!!!!!
Austin::Here's my take on Danny Green. He's in a shooting slump, a three game shooting slump. I've witnessed much longer shooting slumps from much better players like Duncan, Ginobili and Parker. But he's still playing well in most other aspects of the game, which is why he was a +7 for tonights game. The Spurs overall play better when he's spacing the floor, opening the lanes and playing good defense. The shooting is a byproduct of well run offense that sets him up with wide open shots, and so far the Spurs offense has been very sloppy. Once the offense gets in a groove, expect Danny Green to do more damage from the perimeter.  For you fantasy guys that picked him, I hope you didnt pick him too soon in the draft. I'm a Spurs fan and I know from experience that he'll have an average to good game on most nights. Once in a while he'll have a great game, but not too often. So dont depend on him carrying your fantasy team to victory, and if you picked him earlier than the final 3 rounds of the draft then youre taking a risk. If he starts to get hot at some point this season, trade him for someone more consistent.  I love Danny Green, just not as a fantasy player.
KEITH::Welcome 2 the lottery Nuggets.
David::Nuggets are doomed. They are in total disarray. Gone is the GM who was the GM of the year. Gone is the Coach who was the Coach of the year. The team had a franchise record of 57 wins and was something like 38-3 at home. All history now. Bring in a new coach with no experience as a head coach and he is bewildered. He doesn't know who to start and gives the proven veterans limited minutes. He has the wrong inexperienced guys in the game at the end of the game at crunch time. Has decided firing away from outside is better than scoring from in the paint. That may work if Kobe is out there but we don't have Kobe. Already two embarassing losses this year to teams they should have won against  including a blowout loss at home. This will be a very long and painful season for the Nuggets fans and will be a lot of empty seats in the arena very soon. I predict 42 wins at best. Ok Josh, you are saving money with your new management team and clueless coach and let's see how that works out. Nuggets get blown out again tonight. Get used to it.
Barack Hussein Kardashian::Way to go Denver -- fire the coach of the year George Karl and start 0-3
Manny::I don't understand how Danny Green can play so well in the Finals and suck this badly.
Raphael::Now everybody sees why nobody was anxious to hire B-Shaw! I mean Denver fired the Coach and Executive of the year!! What do you expect?
donald::As soon as the Nugs cast their lot with Javale instead of Koufos, you knew they were doomed.  Javale is the big negative and he will take the franchise down with him.
mark::Damn Duncan is still at this high caliber of playing in his age!!! I hope Duncan wins another ring before he retires...
James E::McGee sucks.  That contract looks terrible now.
