Zach4panthers::Celtics are on the decline obviously but Rondo has all my respect. Dude gives 100% every night when his team looks like zombies. Once he goes the Celtics are doomed
Joeschmo loves Heat::I heard that losing to the Pistons is a bad thing. Is that true?
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Celtics didn't just LOSE to the Pistons, they got BLOWN OUT!
GingerMatthews52::Ooooo ten points  what a big BLOW OUT
KingchristopherII::just a bad night for the team we will see when the we beat the pistons as.s after we finish fu.cking the bulls in the as.s
Saints8365::DAMN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Well at least yall didn't lose to the Bobcats
Cadillac_Too_Cold::It's official! All former Celtic fans are now Knick fans.
crichtonu::Im not happy with my team's play last night but Im far from a fairweather fan.  One bad game without Garnett is not reason to abandon ship.
GingerMatthews52::I only like Jeremy Lin cause he can actually make new York finally win money wasted on Carmelo go celtics
KingchristopherII::hell no this lin b.itch has not even played any great teams yet they have the easiest teams to play in the nba look at their games and maybe when they play the heat they might not loose by 20 but 15
who named Rick Perrys hunting lodge::Detroit is pretty fairweather as well, every april rolls around everybody in Detroit suddenly becomes a red wing fan, when the pistons are losing nobody cares anymore.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Yeah but with the Celtics losing like this, there's no way people in Boston can remain fans. You have to remember we're talking about the most fairweather sports fans in the country.
Saints8365::Dude Lin is legit. Get real
HouseOfSpears313::Sad day when u lose to these pistons.. boston sucks
TheKing38293::man we suck.....
KingchristopherII::hell yea whats that all about we keep sucking against bad teams and killing the okay teams what the hell is that all about.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Boston was facing off against their Future, because they're going to look like the Pistons in about a year or two. These were the 2 ONE hit wonder franchises of the last decade.
bigmanbobbtaub::Do one hit wonders go to 6 or 7 consecutive conference finals?
Dwayne_Johnson23::Rondo: 35 points on 27 shots, not so great.  And only 6 dimes?  WAY too much inconsistency on this team
crichtonu::AS usual.
Clarence2126::losing to the pistons or hornets at home= way lower than rock bottom!!!!!!!!
Dwayne_Johnson23::I have a feeling that the Big 3 era is days/weeks away from being over
KingchristopherII::yep time to be thunder fans or heat fans cause damn we suck .what the hell we are runnig out lies to tell it was becuse of turnover and bullcrap like that man the celtics got one shot  before trade to prove they can win a championship.
crichtonu::Garnett hurt, Pierce and Allen shooting VERY poorly.  After seeing Danny deal Perk the way he did, I wouldnt be surprised if he's shopping these guys right now.
Detroitsportsisback::You know your having a bad year when you lose to the Pistons lol ouch!
KingchristopherII::f.uck this shi.t we can beat yall any day kevin was not on the floor to get everyone on the floor pumped
Dwayne_Johnson23::I like it more when we win
SODAPOP PIMPSKI::rock bottom = losing to the pistons
KingchristopherII::hell yea
trubton444::losing to the Bobcats would be rock bottom IMO
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::no where to go but up man
RockytopRon::Way to not show up Pierce and Allen and lose to another bottom feeder. I guess last year you didn't learn you lesson that you can't coast through the regular season and turn it on in the playoffs. Very frustrating being a Celtic fan these days.
26Stanley::I doubt Boston will make the playoffs but if they do it will be an early exit.The Celtics are a prototypical 1st rd. loser.All teams that make the playoffs and lose in the 1st rd.are inconsistent.
punkasan1::Wow, must've been  a tought game! But, anyways good job to the Pistons. Let's Go Celtics!
DustinKennedy669::they wont get swept by anyone. your getting a little to excited its still erly wait till about a month after the all star break and then start saying what you think the celtics will do in the post season
RockytopRon::Outside of rajon, no one else came to play. Losing to the like of the Pistons and Cavs will be the reason this Celtic teams barely makes the playoffs and will be swept by either the Bulls or Heat in the first round.
pinopunch79::since people like to throw out ridiculous trades, i figure i will put one out there and get people in a uproar............. celtics get andrew bynum, pau gasol, luke walton, darius morris 3 future 1st rd picks  lakers get kevin garnett, paul pierce, rajon rondo  it actually works salary cap wise http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7bwultq  so let the s-h-i-t- talking begin
pinopunch79::thats funny two responses that i expected, one from a laker fan and one from a celtic fan both hating on it
crichtonu::Lakers wouldnt even glance at that.
RockytopRon::Yeah, that's what the Celtics need: Always injured Bynum, Pau I'm emotional gasol and two more players that wouldn't make an NBA roster if the league didn't expand to 30 teams. It may work $ wise, but nothing else makes sense about that trade.
gusbus34-9::overrated? The celtics are constantly ripped by the media the fans and everyone inbetween...you guys just finally had a reason to celebrate and jumped on it...all the media says is that they're too old to contend, all the fans say they just suck...we won a championship...we've won 17...and unlike other organizations like miami heat ...we don't sell out for big contracts just because we can...about the only other teams who respect the concept of a player having a legacy and being able to retire on the team they won with...are the dallas mavericks san antonio spurs and inconsistently however deserving a mention the L.A. Lakers even though they'll be the first ones to trade anyone...other than the celtics...everyone is just a walking dollar bill...NBA being a "business" or not...celtic fans and the celtic organization know how to treat their players with the respect they deserve; there are names sinonomous with the celtic uniform...who do the bulls have besides jordan pippen and phil jackson(all though only partially)...we have bob cousy john havelichek bill russell robert parish kevin mchale k.c jones sam jones larry bird red auerbach(RIP) Dennis Johnson and now Paul Pierce...of course the list could go on but it might be too much for a fan to digest nowadays because nobody UNDERSTANDS THE CONCEPT OF EITHER SPORTSMANSHIP OR RESPECT...this is why I'm a celtic fan...because we deal with things the right way...we go through decades of struggling before we even dare to trade for a manufactured "big 3"...teams like the Heat can't wait four years removed from their successes...big differences in character...I respect the chicago bulls mainly because they play the right way with Tom Thibedeau...defense oriented with a pure point guard running the floor much like the celtic formula...so bulls fans...tommorow when you inevitably scream "celtics suck"...know who's formula your emulating...the CELTICS...less User ID:http://sportsnation.espn.go.com/fans/gusbus34-9
DustinKennedy669::wow cant play defense this guy is a shmuck you have no clue what you are talking about. no one wants to play in boston?? how about kg one of the greatest power forwards of all time he wanted to come here and ray allen the greatest 3 point shooter of all time he wanted to come here and paul pierce? you are an idiot kid
rgalv3::They don't sign the big contracts because no one wants to play in Boston. They Haven't signed one big Free Agent in ever.Chicago is emulating no one because the Celtics can't even play defense this year. Also they don't have an explosive scorer like Rose.
truesoxfan89::the celtics can't play defense? apparently giving up the fewest points per game equates to having a bad defense
StormDragonZ::To sum up the trolls:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R78l6ZOPy9o
The Amazing Chef returns::<b> <u>GO WOLVES GO!!!!!!!!!!! THE END OF THE ESPN BOARDS AS YOU KNOW IT HAS ARRIVED, THE WOLVES ARE TAKING OVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A DAWN OF A NEW ERA HAS BEEN BORN!!!!!!!!!!  "I Will Always Love You" is a song by American singer-songwriter Dolly Parton. The country track was released on June 6 1974 as the second single from Parton's thirteenth solo studio album, Jolene (1974). Recorded on June 13, 1973, the singer wrote the song for her one-time partner and mentor Porter Wagoner, with whom she was having a business splitting at the time. "I Will Always Love You" received positive comments from critics and attained commercial success, reaching number one on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart two times. With the accomplishment, Parton became the first artist ever to earn a number one record twice with the same song as a singer, and three times as a writer.</u></b>
Marci_Schwing::Go Rondo!!!
J-SMOOVE2022::Horford for Pierce pg jeff teague sg joe johnson sf paul pierce pf josh smith c  zaza pachulia
Kit Ramsey::Ha, ha,ha,ha, OVERRATED Celtics, U SUCK!!!
gusbus34-9::overrated? The celtics are constantly ripped by the media the fans and everyone inbetween...you guys just finally had a reason to celebrate and jumped on it...all the media says is that they're too old to contend, all the fans say they just suck...we won a championship...we've won 17...and unlike other organizations like miami heat ...we don't sell out for big contracts just because we can...about the only other teams who respect the concept of a player having a legacy and being able to retire on the team they won with...are the dallas mavericks san antonio spurs and inconsistently however deserving a mention the L.A. Lakers even though they'll be the first ones to trade anyone...other than the celtics...everyone is just a walking dollar bill...NBA being a "business" or not...celtic fans and the celtic organization know how to treat their players with the respect they deserve; there are names sinonomous with the celtic uniform...who do the bulls have besides jordan pippen and phil jackson(all though only partially)...we have bob cousy john havelichek bill russell robert parish kevin mchale k.c jones sam jones larry bird red auerbach(RIP) Dennis Johnson and now Paul Pierce...of course the list could go on but it might be too much for a fan to digest nowadays because nobody UNDERSTANDS THE CONCEPT OF EITHER SPORTSMANSHIP OR RESPECT...this is why I'm a celtic fan...because we deal with things the right way...we go through decades of struggling before we even dare to trade for a manufactured "big 3"...teams like the Heat can't wait four years removed from their successes...big differences in character...I respect the chicago bulls mainly because they play the right way with Tom Thibedeau...defense oriented with a pure point guard running the floor much like the celtic formula...so bulls fans...tommorow when you inevitably scream "celtics suck"...know who's formula your emulating...the CELTICS
crichtonu::"Buying"... LOL.  Celtics traded for Garnett and Ray Allen.  There were no free agent collaborations to end up on the same team.  Nice try, uninformed guy.
GrizzK4::Pretty sure the Celtics started the "Big 3" movement, don't even talk about not buying a manufactured team.
Marci_Schwing::Celtics are the best.
TheKing38293::YEAH SO WHAT?
SamFullerton::looks like the pistons will win more games than the lions - thank goodness for small favors
a_tizzy::I hope the palace starts to refill...
The Amazing Chef returns::HAHAHAAH PATHETIC BOSTON WOLVES&gt; GAYLTICS
TheKing38293::FALSE
J-SMOOVE2022::Horford for Pierce?
rgalv3::I love how Celtic fans think they will get good players for them old guys. Celtics fan " what's wrong with Avery Bradley and a 2nd round for Dwight Howard??"
_mongo__slade_::Why would you want to deal Horford when he's locked in for for 4 more years at a pretty good price of $12mill per?
_mongo__slade_::Again...why would the Hawks? Horford has way more upside at this point than Pierce. That dude can no longer bring it every night.
J-SMOOVE2022::i would do it in a second.  i repeat.  in a second
KingGeorge53::Now THIS was an impressive road win.
xcrunner_64::It's okay that the celtics lost, the Pistons barely lost to the Heat at the last minute of the game, barely lost to the spurs, and barely lost to atlanta in OT. The pistons are a young, up and coming team that got hurt by the lockout and couldnt mesh for most of the season so far.
NBA_refs_are_weak::thats partly true, but its just a cop out excuse for us. we are at home, with rest. no reason to lose a game by 10 points against a struggling team
UK_Basketball_for_life::Enjoy troll Chicago fans and hate ketchup for the rest of your life because Superdawg says it's the right thing to do. YOU LOSE TOMORROW and in the ECF.
UK_Basketball_for_life::WATSON SUCKS as does LITTLE J LUCAS
Kit Ramsey::Prepare for a total beatdown tomorrow, ha,ha, C's suck!!! LMAO.
UK_Basketball_for_life::Just kidding. SEe you all tomorrow.
UK_Basketball_for_life::Little Beyotch
UK_Basketball_for_life::And the winner for the toy category goes to Mccoy at Westminster.
UK_Basketball_for_life::Good enough? Not going to happen in your lifetime...
UK_Basketball_for_life::Ok, good luck in the LBJ era. We already beat him.
mccoywajmu::nice comeback...not
UK_Basketball_for_life::W/O Jordan
UK_Basketball_for_life::Win this century fool.
mccoywajmu::cool...enjoy obscurity...nobody cares about boston
J-SMOOVE2022::Horford for Pierce makes the Hawks a serious contender.
mccoywajmu::no dude it doesnt...joe johnson is a clown in the playoffs....paul still can play but he isnt going to be able to take over playoff games anymore...and wait until josh starts shooting those 18 footers again
mccoywajmu::no im not scared....im making an observation...and seriously who is going to give up a quality center for any of the players you mentoned? i mean seriously....
J-SMOOVE2022::u scared.  plus, we can then flip marvin,zaza,and or kirk for a center
J-SMOOVE2022::jared575757, what Celtics-Hawks trade are you talking about???  What are they saying on espn radio???
mccoywajmu::josh or horford for pierce would be a bad trade
mccoywajmu::no it wouldnt...paul would not get the hawks over the hump
J-SMOOVE2022::i agree about josh though
J-SMOOVE2022::horford for pierce would be perfect for the hawks
J-SMOOVE2022::id rather trade horford for pierce instead of josh smith for pierce
J-SMOOVE2022::i agree
UK_Basketball_for_life::I would never give up Josh Smith. Too much natural talent there.
jared575757::its on espn radio about 20 min ago
J-SMOOVE2022::what was said exactly?
jared575757::no it was just a hawks trade, not with the celtics,  but it sounds like they are shopping josh smith
J-SMOOVE2022::really? for what?
big1dunny::The problem the C's have is the big 3 all having career worst seasons. Age has caught up and they are now a bunch of jump shooters. When the J aint falling they are all almost useless. C's have the best fast break pg in the league on the oldest team in the league. lol None of them can run with rondo to get easy baskets. None of them can get to the free throw line when J's aint falling. Blaming Rondo when he's the only consistent top performer on the team makes zero sense.
big1dunny::Rondo wants to run but has nobody to run with him. Pierce and Ray never run they trot up and wait for him to suck the defense so they can shoot 3's. KG can't run. You put 1 live legs wing player with Rondo and its lob city. Easy baskets. People forget KG's first 2 years in boston Rondo to KG led the league in alley oop dunks. Then he blew out his knee. He can't throw alley oops to KG anymore because he's too old. This team puts a huge anchor on Rondo because of their age. This team struggles for easy baskets
big1dunny::Rondo was shooting 49% going into this game. And he shot 56% tonight so that number will go up when they update the stats tomorrow.
mccoywajmu::rose shooting percentage is like 46%
big1dunny::He's been shooting damn good all year. Look at his shooting numbers and then look at the rest of the guys on his team. Like I said earlier when he passes all game and sets guys up for WIDE open looks and they brick them you guys complain and say he needs to shoot more and take over. Well he's been doing that for the last few games and now people still complain. lol He's having one of if not his best year. While the big 3 all having their worst years of their careers yet Rondo is the weak link on the team? That logic don't make any sense.
UK_Basketball_for_life::What's Rose's FG %?
mccoywajmu::rondo puts a huge anchor on the team because he cant shoot and he is a terrible FT shooter
jared575757::well the reason they want to trade rondo has nothing to do with court performance, its his screaming matches with doc rivers
UK_Basketball_for_life::I was joking Jared. Enjoy a Subway.
UK_Basketball_for_life::Huh? You don't get it. Go enjoy your little team.
jared575757::what they tell the media, and what goes on behind doors are 2 different things.
jared575757::good for noah, i dont know what that has to do with this, or is that your attempt at trolling. my next door neighbor is atheltic trainer for the celtics, and he talks about all the fights between rondo and doc, even has a couple of them recorded, you will see them on deadspin in about 2 weeks
mccoywajmu::UK you arent very bright he called upon him to be the leader because its time for rondo to step up and be the best player on the team...if he doesnt they have no chance to do anything even remotely signifcant
UK_Basketball_for_life::Is that why Doc has called upon him to be the leader of the team? BC they have issues?
jared575757::well and because rondo and doc do not get along. there was a couple of huge fights.
UK_Basketball_for_life::Rondo is not having issues. Just rumors. Like Noah being gay.
jared575757::haha yes doc and rondo have issues, and what happens with cousins has nothing to do with rondo two different people
big1dunny::He's in trade talks because he's the ONLY player other teams want and will give up something good for. The other 3 are all old and on the downside. That's why he's in trade talks. The big 3 are all having career worst years despite making 20 or 16mil a year. Of course nobody is banging down Danny's door with trade talks for them
UK_Basketball_for_life::He had issues with his coach. Doc doesn't have issues.
UK_Basketball_for_life::Is Cousins living in obscurity right now?
UK_Basketball_for_life::Are you kidding me? Rondo will be nothing soon? Learn.
mccoywajmu::doc doesnt love rondo..he has had to throw him out of practice because of his immaturity...rondo is going to fall into obscurity once this team breaks up.......unless they trade him
UK_Basketball_for_life::Doc loves him regardless.
UK_Basketball_for_life::100% agree.
onzoownsyou::why are the pistons doing so bad they have good players
a_tizzy::they had 0% chemistry up until the loss against the heat in my opinion. 3 years of bad coaching plus the owner died and the wife didn't care for the team, no moves could be made, veterans getting frustrated and leaving, 2 big free agent signings that didn't pan out, an assortment of injuries and #boom this is the present day
jared575757::tyronn lue = lin
J-SMOOVE2022::I would trade Horford for Pierce straight up in a second
J-SMOOVE2022::gives Boston a young talented center.  gives Atlanta a vet to make a push in the east for a couple years
UK_Basketball_for_life::You know you are so popular now, you have copies?
UK_Basketball_for_life::Me too
J-SMOOVE2022::kg is making 20 million ray only 10 million
J-SMOOVE2022::Bulls + Ray Allen = Heat Be a much tougher series for Miami
Kit Ramsey::The Bulls don't need Allen, they have RIP who will be healthy when the second half begins. Besides if Allen ain't making 3's he's USELESS!!
big1dunny::But that's only if Hamilton plays. Whether it's injures, fighting with coaches or fluke issues he can't seem to stay on the court. Where as Ray is a freak of nature he's only missed a handful of games in the last 4 years. Ray makes them better just for the fact that he's a reliable player and Hamilton is not.
UK_Basketball_for_life::You must be kidding. You are calling me out bc you think I think Allen would not make your team better than the Heat? It's true with or without your wingmen.
mccoywajmu::korver is not and has never been the caliber player of rip or ray allen..the sheer fact that you would even bring him up shows you have no knowledge of the game
UK_Basketball_for_life::Doesn't seem to be working for Korver, does it?
mccoywajmu::we dont need another iso scorer we just need guys who can hit open shots when rose gets double teamed..thats it
mccoywajmu::thats why hamilton fits the team....because he can score off the ball and he is a really good passer off those screens..creates easy shots for your bigs
UK_Basketball_for_life::Not as much. Allen can't score w/o a screen this year.
jared575757::actually if you watch hamilton, thats all he does now is run through screens
mccoywajmu::j smoove i wouldnt go that far...rip has a groin injury..i think he will be fine after the all star break..and we play so much better when he is on the floor
UK_Basketball_for_life::If Ham were healthy, he is the same as Allen plus he does not need a screen to score.
UK_Basketball_for_life::Any question mccoy?
J-SMOOVE2022::hamilton is never gonna be healthy
UK_Basketball_for_life::Allen=Hamilton
UK_Basketball_for_life::But not good enough with Hamilton...
mccoywajmu::UK is a hater dont pay him any attention
UK_Basketball_for_life::Not kidding. The Heat are the team this year.
jared575757::well they would have to give up one of those to get allen
mccoywajmu::we would be better then the heat with Ray Allen...he is exactly the type of player we are missing to create a dynasty
UK_Basketball_for_life::Allen does not give them defense
J-SMOOVE2022::yes they do dude rose, ray, deng, boozer, noah u kidding?
jared575757::they would be closer to the heat though,
UK_Basketball_for_life::The Bulls + Allen still don't equal the Heat. Sorry
UK_Basketball_for_life::They are both free agents at the end of the year. No one would want to trade for that unless they are a contender.
jared575757::i know they were saying paul would be the best trade, but the celtics wont do that
J-SMOOVE2022::Celtics need to blow it up and trade everyone except KG, since he is a free agent after this year.
jared575757::is ray allen a free agent at the end of the year
jared575757::they were just talking about it on espn radio. but i doubt they will do it
J-SMOOVE2022::which one?
jared575757::i actually cant believe the trade atlanta is trying to do
J-SMOOVE2022::yeah, but he has a lot of value.  omer asik anyone?
UK_Basketball_for_life::So is Ray. How is Rondo not a keeper?
mccoywajmu::only delusional celtic fans think rondo is the type of player you build around
Cowboy5XSBChamp::Knicks = 2012 NBA Champs  Celtics = 2012 Lottery Team
jared575757::wow are you really that simple minded, im not even a celtics fan, but i can  tell you are trying to troll, but at least try and be original
UK_Basketball_for_life::It's clear Naz took over his board.
UK_Basketball_for_life::Wait til Melo gets back...
UK_Basketball_for_life::Like last year? You thought you were a contender, right?
Cowboy5XSBChamp::Real Knicks fans know when Melo comes back, we will have a great shot to beat the Heat and Bulls. Not so much for Failtics
UK_Basketball_for_life::9-30, MVP material
J-SMOOVE2022::Here is how boston blows it up  Bulls get:  Ray Allen, Chris Wilcox Celtics get:  Omer Asik, Ronnie Brewer  Hawks get:  Paul Pierce Celtics get:  Al Horford  Nets get:  Rajon Rondo, JO, Bradley, 1st Celtics get:  Deron Williams
Kit Ramsey::That is a HORRIBLE trade for the Bulls, man i'm glad U are not the GM, geez!
Chi Town Stand Up::The Bulls would never give up Omer Asik, one of their best young big men, and Ronnie Brewer their best defender for an old SG who is good, but will only give a year and a near useless to the team Chalrie Wilcox. We already have two PFs better than him
UK_Basketball_for_life::OMG
Cowboy5XSBChamp::Knicks &gt; Failtics  Lin &gt; Rondo
jared575757::it took you that long to come up with that troll, so are the eagles&gt;cowboys because they bea them twice this year. or is arizona&gt;cowboys too.
jared575757::well it must have worked because they beat them twice this year
Cowboy5XSBChamp::Eagles fans get excited when they beat the Cowboys. It's like their Superbowl
UK_Basketball_for_life::Rainman is smarter than you.
J-SMOOVE2022::So we are less than one month from the Celtics blowing it up.
mccoywajmu::they need to..danny needs to make the move..they arent winning anything...
Chi Town Stand Up::Right now Brewer is a better player overall. However, Ray Allen is 36. And my favorite player. If he was 10 years younger, maybe this deal would make any sense.
Chi Town Stand Up::The Bulls wil never, ever take that god awful deal
UK_Basketball_for_life::I love Ray too and want him to succeed. No way Brewer and Korver are comprable.
NBA_refs_are_weak::the celtic part of me says not a chance, the part of me that personally likes ray allen would love to see him go over with rose and win a couple of rings, especially against the heat. id love to see him kill them. but you do have hamilton which is solid
UK_Basketball_for_life::No freaking way.
mccoywajmu::we will give you brewer korver and a pick for ray allen
UK_Basketball_for_life::First time I agree Mccoy
Cowboy5XSBChamp::Are you kidding me. How in the f;ing WORLD do you lose to the Pistons.
jared575757::score less points
UK_Basketball_for_life::The same way you don't make the playoffs.
UK_Basketball_for_life::Let me know when you are not overrated.
Cowboy5XSBChamp::No you just hating.   Let me know when you manage to get 5 Rings
UK_Basketball_for_life::The Bengals have a better shot.
Cowboy5XSBChamp::Cowboys = 2013 SB Champs  Your heard it here first.
UK_Basketball_for_life::Cowboys? LOL
rodre954::Can someone explain to me why rondo is putting up 27 shots in a basketball game as a point guard while PAul Pierce only took 11 shots (our best scorer)...When rondo in the game Paul Pierce never dominates because he doesn't get enough touches...
NBA_refs_are_weak::we thrive when rondo is aggresive. he SHOULD have 27 attempts when hes hitting 15 of them. as long as they arent jumpshots, and doc usually does a great job of making sure his shot attempts are at the rim. ray and paul were off tonight, which I accept its the regular season they are both older players, thats going to happen its fine. defensively is where im annoyed. paul needs to be more active on the boards, and they need to shut down the other teams bigs. we cant just rely on KG. jermaine needs to hold his own in the paint, or we need to get someone else. as bad as we were on offense, if we dont let monroe have the kind of game he did we probably win.
big1dunny::The only time you complain about a guy taking too many shots is when he's not getting high percent looks and has a bad FG%. Like KG in the lakers game. But Rondo shot 56%. Your not going to get better or higher percent shots then that.
NBA_refs_are_weak::yea idk what hes trying to say. paul IS getting his shots, hes just not hitting them alot. paul needs to be aggresive and active on offense, yes, but that needs to coincide with rondo being aggresive, not in place of. the C's win when rondo is reaking havoc and penetrating, and when teams try to help on him, he gives it up to paul who is then aggresive and drives. or he then kicks it out to KG or ray. the whole point is ball movement, thats what allows the celtics to take advantage of the great shooting they have in KG, paul and ray. all of that starts with rondo though. so I like the 15 for 27, because I know thats from him getting to the rim. and when teams want to try and stop that, thats when the Big 3 need to be active and ready. and Im confident they will be come playoffs, so I just want to see rondo keep the pedal to the metal. defensively is where I worry, we need to replace J.O
big1dunny::You act like this is Pierce's first year with Rondo. Last year he avg 50% with Rondo feeding him the rock. This year he's shooting 40% now missing those same shots. Rondo aint the problem. How many back to back 20 point games has Pierce had all year? Only 6 games all year he's shot 50% or more. And we already at game 25 of the year. He's struggling and it don't have jack to do with Rondo
rodre954::No we don't, It is proven that when paul pierce is not getting his shots we lose, its like when we played the lakers Paul had 6 points in the first half and then we all of a sudden want him to make a game winner in over time what type of $@%! is that
big1dunny::Short sample size. I'm tired of people saying they won the one week Rondo sat out. So we're better without him. Well they won when he came back too. They were 3-0 his first games back. So this slide don't have jack to do with Rondo. I saw them look like crap and blow a game to the CAVS without Rondo too. This team has been insanely inconsistent all year. And that's come from the big 3 who are all posting horrible season for their careers. Rondo is not to blame for this mess. The old 3 are.
rodre954::Im just saying paul pierce is our real superstar whether ppl like it or not on the offensive side of the floor he doesn't get enough chances to create, and when he does its almost to late
rodre954::This is crazy, when rondos out we win games because pauls numbers go up, when he comes back Paul Pierces numbers suffer dramatically, he shot one three
big1dunny::Because Pierce is having his worst season of his career shooting about 40%. Actually all of the big 3 are on pace to have career worst seasons. But yeah it's Rondo's fault these guys got old are now just a bunch of jump shooters and when their J aint falling they can't run with rondo and get easy fast break layups or get to the foul line. When their J aint falling they are useless.
big1dunny::What was his FG% and Turnovers? I'll tell you all around career worsts. He was a 50% shooter last season playing with Rondo. So Rondo don't have Jack to do with Pierce bricking up shots at a alltime level. He's only shot above 50% 6 times in 25 games.
rodre954::not necessarily true Paul Pierce was on pace last week for a 20, 5 and 5 season increasing in rebounds and assists for his career but of course low in points
jared575757::paul just looked off tonight, going 3-11. but with this crazy schedule this year, teams will have bad games
mccoywajmu::yeah but no excuse to lose to the pistons
mccoywajmu::derrick would never do that with ray allen and paul pierce on the team
UK_Basketball_for_life::Really? What are the minutes for Boozer and Noah in the 4th?
UK_Basketball_for_life::Ask PP
This Is A Member Name::Absolutely unexcusable loss here for the Celtics. Jermaine O' Neal just needs to be released. He is absolutely terrible. Rondo goes off for 35 points and they lose by 10 to the pistons? Come on PP and Ray, you guys have to play better than this.
NBA_refs_are_weak::I cant defend J.O anymore. its not just injury, its not rust, he just doesnt have the gas in the tank. we HAVE to get a big. our defense is there to contend for a ring, everything except for a center. KG can be KG in the playoffs, and bass in our system has been impressive defensively. we just need a 7 footer to bang and rebound. J.O isnt the answer and I hope danny realizes it
mccoywajmu::lost at home too
UK_Basketball_for_life::In the words of Bart Scott "Can't Wait" til tomorrow.
mccoywajmu::yeah and he lost that next game
UK_Basketball_for_life::See you tomorrow.
NBA_refs_are_weak::and pierce 1 rebound in 37 minutes man? I was worried about playing chicago tomorrow on a b2b and not having energy. if you cant have legs for the first game, what are they gonna play like tomorrow? might as well just take the loss and rest all the starters b/c this is ugly
mccoywajmu::lets just play the 2nd units and see who wins...deal?
NBA_refs_are_weak::I would take that in a heartbeat lol. Id even be fine with a loss. I just want to see the celtics rested more than anything. and im grasping at the rest excuse because thats all ive got right now for the game pierce and allen had. allen has actually been money this season, its pierce that is so damn up and down. hes had some good games but for the most part hes just not bringing it every night. and you're right people like to go with rondo as an excuse. I think alot of that is the fact that we(as in celtic fans) know rondo can turn things around easily, while problems with the big 3 could drag on. rondo just needs to be aggresive like he was tonight. idc if the assist numbers arent always there, alot of that is ray and paul not hitting shots. as long as I see him driving, im ok with however the regular season pans out, just get to the playoffs
big1dunny::It's Rondo's fault Pierce can't rebound. I mean every time this team losses it's Rondo's fault because he passed to much and the guys threw up bricks. If he scores it's why he shooting so much. So it won't be long before people blame Pierce's old a zz not hitting the boards on Rondo too.
NBA_refs_are_weak::OK. $@%!$@%!$@%! I knew this $@%! would happen. offensively, im loving rondo being aggresive. He seems to have turned that corner for this season lately, because hes been scoring like he should so I hope he keeps that up. defensively this is getting worrisome. #1, J.O is really starting to give some empty minutes. the offense isnt great from him, but if hes not going to bring it defensively and stop the other center from going 11 for 14 with 4 offensive rebounds, then we need to pick up another big and get rid of him. hes not contributing anything. and we need someone off the bench to be a shut down wing defender. its why we won a ring (with posey) and have had past success with guys like tony allen. I thought the pietrus signing was for that, but he has to be able to shut down a guy like ben gordon. 22 points in 28 minutes is no good and cant happen
Kit Ramsey::I thought Pietrus was the one to put u over the top? LMAO!
