Boston Bruin Fan::Did Williams tank on purpose just to get his coach fired
colinh1995::D-Will!
angelgr89::How's John Wall doing?
NYChe21::Looking for DWill. He couldnt find him all nite.
Mieryekit::REYNALDO BALKMAN..(former NBA player in Knicks &amp; Nuggets) CHOKE his teammate..!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bmGR2YDa1I
JonahNYC::Evans 24 rebounds in 32 minutes. :-o
KJsactown::Using this bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Ive made over 3K a month 3 months straight now using this systems bets.
timberwolves guy::How the fuc|{ do you get 61 rebounds in one game?
Jeff 315::Using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made around $3000 a month the past few months now just following this. If your a bettor you have to see this
Jeff 315::Been following this system for sports betting called Sportsbettingstar the past couple months. i made almost $3000 my first month using its picks. Found this system by searching for sports betting system on the internet. If you bet on sports at all you gotta see this.
knicks_112ndcoming::john wall ur not a top 10 PG   yet...
SOONER.FAN86::WOW 11-16 from 3. Did he set a record?
yanksfan923::Only a first half record with 9. NBA Record is 12
Swedegirl010::Yes, Nets record
Dr.Primate::Overshadowed a 24 rebound night for ball grabbing Evans.
Chibears199::5-16 from the line though
Dr.Primate::D Price is Right
Dr.Primate::Boom!   Lucky night
kiwisamespnfan::easily the best guy to shoot three's with on NBA Live '13
Sugar Ray Robinson::There's no such thing as NBA Live 13.
whatsanoa::Biggest surprise of the game for me was how much support Evans got at the FT Line, no matter how bad he is there.
XaxicDursTV::VVV https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXjr-j4_efk ^^^
I-cant-post-_-::What the..... Fattboy did something finally!!!
spcoon::right, because everyone scores 42 w/ 11 3's against the wizards. if you knew anything about the league, you'd know that defense isn't their issue. look it up.   btw, the same thing was said when dwill hit for 57 vs. the bobcats last year... on a terrible, 22-44 nets team. when the guy is healthy, he's a beast. period.
I-cant-post-_-::I was being sarcastic obviously you pointed out the obvious..
BALLIN_LIKE_JORDAN::its the wizards.
BALLIN_LIKE_JORDAN::nets beat the wizards  title in brooklyn
pico2013::Deroooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooon is Back.
whatsanoa::Some consistency needs to happen first, but happy he finally had a breakout game this season(that I can remember). Hopefully D-Will of old comes back
reedthissslow::Too bad the Knicks arent playing tonight.  In the mood to watch them lose
ntd2060::DWILLLLLLL
kjevon::Deron Williams is elite: FACT
_DespicableMe_::**Since the ankle injections.  Talk it up this year haters.  I guarantee he comes back and beasts next year.
spcoon::it's looking like the cortisone shots are working. if he can stay pain free, he might end up on a tear.
FlimFlamDuck::for one game this year....
Porkchop8920::actually ever since the All-Star break
no look high five::A regular season record! Way to go Dwill.   Let's see you be relevant in the playoffs.
whatsanoa::Well the point of your OP is that he hasn't been relevant in the playoffs which is false. He's made the playoffs a few times already, so what's your point of this post?
George85146::you forget that he made the WCF in his SECOND season back in '07?
no look high five::I did.   What has he done since? Develop bone spurs? Gain weight? Take to twitter? I dunno.
capclip9::Do we root against Boston tonight because they are in our division and we can get some distance over the Hawks anyway by taking care of business against the them tomorrow night? Or, do we go FOR Boston tonight so they can give us some distance over the Hawks, whom we can pull further ahead of by beating tomorrow night?  Personally, I'd rather the C's lose and drop another game behind in the div. Oh well, now they are up 10. Guess we'll just have to focus on trying to separate from the Hawks after tomorrow night.
_DespicableMe_::I was rooting for Boston. Only cuz we have the Hawks next, a d they're right behind us.
reedthissslow::Just root for Nets to win and Knicks to lose.  That's the best scenario going.  Everything else is too close to decide who to root for
mackydude16::there goes Deron's chance for greatness
DrDanWar41::Feel sorry for Evans who's 24 rebound game will go relatively unnoticed
DrDanWar41::Actually scratch that, he earns over 1 million a year, he'll be fine
meltzercool1::He's the people's champion.  There haven't been "Reggie" chants like that in New York since Reggie Jackson played
Earl.Sweatshirt::nickmyr22 Wigga ______ just because you listen to rap doesn't mean you are a wigger
Earl.Sweatshirt::Wizards fans keep talking like Deron Williams didn't just set a record against them.  He just hit 9 3s in a half against that terrible team
Earl.Sweatshirt::nicagurl11 I wasn't able to watch the game, but it seemed from the stat sheet he didn't even attempt a 3 for like a whole quarter _____- Iono, he woulda broke it in the first half probably if he wasn't on the bench so long
LeBrons Foreheads Parking Space::'Bogans is soooo selfish'   - Kobe Bryant
LilVdog88::Love the gameplan by Wittman dont give up the record!!
Earl.Sweatshirt::Deron Williams would have broke the record in the first half if that dumba,ss coach didn't sit him for over half the 2nd quarter
Marek7476::He's too hot, lets put him on bench!  -Coaches logic
Earl.Sweatshirt::he probably thought he would have literally caught fire if he made another shot
mackydude16::I think Deron will regret not breaking 3-point record
HEREWEGOIRISHHEREWEGO::Time to get high and listen to wiz
nickmyr22::Wigga
Blake Griffin Busted a Nut on Your Favorite Player::Weird.
dude you are so high::John Wall can beat him in a footrace, though
reedthissslow::Dwill can beat him in a hotdog eating contest, though.  Kobayashi who?
GeorgeTownDC29::IDK they are both pretty fat
RicardoEstill::190
RicardoEstill::When did Wall become fat?He's 190must soaking wet.
reedthissslow::I missed most of that 4th quarter, so someone help me.  What was the deal with fouling Reggie?  Was it to try and get back into the game or to try and prevent Dwill from breaking a record (or both)?  Don't usually see fouling like that with about 5 mins left
Marek7476::I'd trust Deron to shoot free throws from the 3-point line over Evans from normal range any day
reedthissslow::over reggie dunking
BJSaxMan93::Bogans is a troll
GeorgeTownDC29::We not only get the loss but we dont give up any records. Talk about a win win for my Wiz
reedthissslow::ha
Ball Hog Like Jake Taylor::Deron made me watch that game for nothing.
Mike02414::He owes you big time.
Ball Hog Like Jake Taylor::Reggie Evans had a better game
Earl.Sweatshirt::lol good one
Marek7476::Bogans looks and appearantly is, rtarded
nicagurl11::There is no reason that Deron shouldn't have broken the record...
BJSaxMan93::He's human
Earl.Sweatshirt::he went cold
nicagurl11::I wasn't able to watch the game, but it seemed from the stat sheet he didn't even attempt a 3 for like a whole quarter
Ball Hog Like Jake Taylor::Deron's wife is a wh0r3
Mike02414::Winning by 17, wasn't Bogans told to pass it to DWill? What the f?
HEREWEGOIRISHHEREWEGO::Derons gettin laid tonight
BJSaxMan93::Idk with those kids...
BJSaxMan93::Deron's wife is hot
reedthissslow::That's what $100 mil buys you
meltzercool1::I mean...shes beautiful but you don't need $100 million to land a girl like that.  a couple million should suffice haha
Porkchop8920::they've been together since High School...
Mets2410::I'm pretty sure they've been together since before he was even drafted into the nba
BJSaxMan93::Sad but true
Swedegirl010::Bogans Knew, Nets fans wanted to see D-Will take the last shot # Selfish
Miami-Star1::I like Derons wife
reedthissslow::So does Deron
