jahraffe3::Nets pay $11 mil plus for him next year...if he stays. He's also 30 and has an injury history. Blazers are rebuilding and there is a significant amount of talent in this year's draft. We could, with the Nets help, end up with two top five or ten picks. I love Wallace and he was probably my favorite player here, but I wouldn't say you stole him. That was an incredible deal for both of us...if Wallace stays and if your pick is high. The two scrubs we picked up are write-offs for next year's cap which, by the way, we now have $25 mil of rather than $14 mil with Wallace on the books. Also a nice free agent class this summer. Wallace's consistency at this point in his career is an issue as well. He'll have nights like last night no doubt but the next game or two will be more like 9 and 6. He plays a part every night without a doubt and his hustle and heart will pump you up but don't expect the Bobcat Wallace night in and night out.
jahraffe3::And, btw, you lost.
KORNETS::ITS OFFICIAL NETS STOLE WALLACE!!!  What mid to late lottery pick or possible mid 1st round pick is gonna get you 27pts 12rbs1blks 1stl  and can be relied on for ALLSTAR DEFENSE EVERY NIGHT!!?? We dumped two injured, unusable scrubs worth combines $14,000,000 this year and Shawne has a olayer option for next year he will def take for about $4,000,000 which is HUGE WASTE OF CAP SPACE!!!  WE DUMPED THE GUYS FOR A STUD IN HIS PRIME YEARS AND MIGHT NOT EVEN HAVE TO GIVE UP OUR DRAFT PICK IMAGINE WE WIN THE LOTTERY!!!!!!!!!!!!????!!!  Even sp draft picks are usually boring and never are as good as the hype.  Plus unless its a top 3 pick they take years to reach any type of starters role so i dont get what people are $@%!$@%! about we robbed this HUSTLER!!!
1mproperDancing::He put up those numbers while losing to a non-playoff team.  Yay?
Calioyo::dude, he did the same thing last season when he was traded to Portland.  dont expect it every night.  Wallace takes games off and runs out of steam quickly.  Lets see where the Nets are in 2 years, and where the Blazers are. 1 game is too small a sample size.  If there is anything a Nets fan can appreciate, its rebuilding, since you are perpetually doing so.
frazinat0r244::The rookies accounting for over 50 points last night, make it a trend Go Cavs!
TheTristanShow::over 60 + Sloan
bearcow27::lets go cavs
sonchopanza::Kyre Irving is as fun  of a player to watch as I've ever seen.  this kid is the real deal
mikeyp2307::fuck
Enblader::LUKE 2012 mission accomplished
kjmarble::If Walton suited up, you would have won by 6 instead of 5.
martysparty2042::Cleveland rocks
Zippppppp::Haslip, Nash and now Thompson. Canadians are killing it!
muel5708::v est
muel5708::test
Believeland_Tribe_Cavs_Browns_3.0::Damn i missed the game. TT had some night damn.
Giggity.iggity::Damn, Cavs. 66 points in the paint.
WISH I HAD A DOLLAR FOR EVERY RUBIO DIME::http://www.scorebig.com/Referral/scorebigmember4168?ref_tag=raf.def.lnk  Free Sports Tickets!  Sign up with the link above and I値l send you a $40 credit to use on tickets to your email.  The reason I知 showing you this is because I get $50 in credit for each person I sign up, so it痴 a win/win.  Reply if you have any questions, I値l respond, I知 not a bot.
Strong Troll Forventhrund::How's life?
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Great thanks :D
WISH I HAD A DOLLAR FOR EVERY RUBIO DIME::good, you?
Strong Troll Forventhrund::blow4barkley
i liked this comment::so the browns didn't even check out matt flynn????? wtf?
quickbr0wnf0x::Hope you are right!
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::They were right not to do so. McCoy is fine. Blame the Browns lack of offensive weapons, lack of offensive depth, and crappy drafting over the past decade. Not McCoy. Robiskie, Edwards, Winslow II,
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Javale McGee is so damn stupid lmao...
subedis1::night folks....go cavs
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Good night from me, too.
twood18::Hollins to McDonald's for Tim Couch
yata9arasu::Good night everyone!  On to Atlanta!!!  GO CAVS!!!
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Matt Barkley
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::1) Favre 2) Ochocinco 3) Trade for Moss 4) T.O 5) Pacman 6) Make them live in the same house, create "reality" show. 7) Profit.
Mikez022::It's missing betty white
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Good Call!
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Can Sam Hurd have guest appearances?
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Anything goes.
yata9arasu::4 OHIO teas in the NCAA tourney!!!  AWESOME!  HUGE GAME FOR OU!!!  COME ON BOBCATS HUGE UPSET!!!!
KingGeorge53::Cooper for Mayor!
yata9arasu:::D
navyctr312::wow does anyone think T.T can keep his game stepped up like that every night?
quickbr0wnf0x::Probably depends on who is defending him
subedis1::he's developing but it's awful promising...love his hunger and tenacity
i liked this comment::yes
CLEVELANDCBI::Gotta get out of here for the night.  Good night all, and as always, GO CAVS.  We've actually got a young team, a respectable coach, extra draft picks, and bright future.  Scared to go to bed; afraid its still 2010.
yata9arasu::Good night!  :)
KingGeorge53::ha!    Have a good one for tomorrow, we'll still be the Rock N Roll Kings!
joeman1146::being a nets fan is tough work man. 21 offensive rebounds is all ive got to say, ive also gotta say 3 of 10 from brooks and 3 of 10 from morrow. and 8 of 23 from d-will. this team just cant win. 94-93 lead with 2 minutes left, they will lose every time
Mikez022::Hey, the browns kept opponents below 15 points 5+ times last year and we still only won 4 games
yata9arasu::browns just signed free agent tim tebow.............. ------------------------------------------------------------------- -_-  My brain told me that Manning hasn't even signed yet but I still checked.......  DO NOT SCARE ME LIKE THIS!!!!!!!
KingGeorge53::it would make a strange sort of convention...   Charlie Fry, Brady Quinn, TIm Teabag
twood18::Ok.... McCoy vs Tannehill, Weeden, Tebow, Cousins, Foles, or write in?
KingGeorge53::write in
Mikez022::Wonder what Tim Couch is up to...
i liked this comment::brett
i liked this comment::couldn't be worse than what we have or will get.....
twood18::Farve? lol...
CLEVELANDCBI::If there was a You Decide contest, and I won, I'd put Hollins at the point just for the hell of it the last game.
KingGeorge53::If it's a "You decide the amount of ping pong balls we're going to get", I'm all jiggy with this.
Mikez022::this is why there are no "you decide" contests
DyersEve06::Manny Harris didn't play tonight because Scott forgot to put his name on the lineup card.  smh
CLEVELANDCBI::What happened to the Russian we got in the draft a few years back?
KingGeorge53::We've got one tearing up the euro league.    But he's not going to make a difference in the NBA.     that guy we drafted in the 2nd round last year.   Maclov or something like that.
Mikez022::Milan Macvan
subedis1::Him and Ferry eloped....beautiful story really
subedis1::Luke Jackson was the pastor
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Don't remind me
DyersEve06::Sasha Kaun?
CLEVELANDCBI::"Its been discovered that Fausto Carmona's actual birth certificate was phony too. His birth name is Fernando Valenzuela."  Could happen.
twood18::Cleveland cant just catch a break...except Irving, but he still needs to win a championship
subedis1::Fruit flies don't faze Fausto, wonder how Roberto will hold up...
Strong Troll Forventhrund::It probably will...
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Weeden+West coast offense... Not feeling it but still better than any qb we've had in ....?
twood18::He makes more reads than RG3 and makes them faster than Tannehill
twood18::If anyone is going to do it, it would be Weeden
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Yeah, the transition from Air Raid offense to west coast will be tough though
subedis1::you think Wolves take our entire draft for Love?
twood18::I'd keep love
Mikez022::I wouldn't give our entire draft for Love
subedis1::I would, I think him and Kyrie is a better combo that Duncan and Parker
KingGeorge53::they do need a Point Guard.
twood18::Thats a blast from the past. Remember how he shot free throws?
subedis1::We still have Eric Snow? use him as bait...
CLEVELANDCBI::I actually do hope Tebow becomes successful.  He got blasted worse for being a devout Christian than Vick did for an actual crime.  Who here was pulling for him in the playoffs last year?  Gotta admit I was.  Loved the Broncos/Steelers game.
KingGeorge53::I can't stand him.
KingGeorge53::I don't like either.
CLEVELANDCBI::He humiliated Shidsburgh, gotta show him a little love.
yata9arasu::I LOVE WHAT HE DID TO THE STEELERS!!!  :D
CLEVELANDCBI::That made my year.
twood18::If only Weeden was 23...
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Get him anyway
twood18::I personally like him even at 28 BETTER than RG3 and Tannehill
Mikez022::If he was from Dominica republic he would be
yata9arasu::LOL!!!!
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Lmfao...
_the REAL Gloria West::last one....  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcm3V6Gn0GI
i liked this comment::browns just signed free agent tim tebow..............
twood18::Ironically, Tebow is the most successful QB from the 2010 draft
subedis1::if we sign tebow i'm starting to break $@%! and i'm not stopping
_the REAL Gloria West::phew... thank goodness this was a joke
subedis1::how's tebows pass rush...heckert loves 250lb DE's
CLEVELANDCBI::It's sad i actually looked to see if it was true.  Our management is kinda scary.
i liked this comment::sorry, i couldn't stop myself.....
twood18::He isn't even a FA yet
Chris287907::In all seriousness Gilbert should just go ahead and give Kyrie Quicken Loans in exchange for a lifetime contract
CLEVELANDCBI::I'd give him Lake Erie too, and rename the Cuyahoga river for him.
subedis1::Kyriehoga river...and Lake Kyrie
Kodi13137::Key Bank Building could use a renaming too
cland4ever::ryan hollins for a lock of justin beibers hair.
CLEVELANDCBI::Just one hair is fine.  To ask for more would be an insult.
subedis1::Hollins to Lowe's hardware for David Veikune, or was it Big Lots
CLEVELANDCBI::Lebron should wear a  skullcap if they'd let him.  Would save time stretching out that poor headband.
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Rashard Lewis just took a shit on your girl's chest and splashed a 20 footer  Deal with it
KingGeorge53::It's really true.    Byron Scott knows how to coach point guards.    I'm already forgetting who we traded for that extra 1st round pick.
Chris287907::I am curious why no Cavs fans want Elena Della Donne on the team next year
Chris287907::she almost outscored the other team by her self last night
i liked this comment::i have a feeling lebron will be watching the finals from his livingroom television, chicago, even though I hate them, will take them out...........
CLEVELANDCBI::He'll drink out of Wade's crack.
Mikez022::I always pictured him as an fuzzy naval type of guy
Chris287907::he will drink not one not two not three not four not five not six beers during the game
ORLANDOsemptytrophycase::Kyrie Irving will be another flare-out.. Just like Tyreke Evans.
DyersEve06::Evans is having a nice season since his move to SF.  Dude just isn't a PG, that's all.
CLEVELANDCBI::You're a very smart guy Orlando.  We'd be honored for you to teach us more on a nightly basis.
Chris287907::then you woke up
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Whatever. We're enjoying it right now anyway.
3arod13::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPLcZ5Rk3Lg&amp;feature=related  ^  What's happening to the Nets.
Mikez022::I watched this movie a lot after the redskins made the trade with the rams for the 2nd pick
