knowlto::Stuckey is still Suckey.
bamberg1977::He's worse than Stuckey. I didnt think it was possible he could regress as a shooter. He's still got that same stupid arms only shot with no touch, but now its worse. Use you're hands!!!   Monroe also off to a rough start, thats why we're 0-2.
lionstigersspartyohmy::Pistons have some serious potential
oczonie::At this rate the Suns may make the playoffs.  The Lakers will not.  Too bad Nashty.
minny snowta::at this rate??  at 1 and 1 at season's opening.  hmmmm! i think not, lakers still have better talent and the suns got wes johnson and michael beasley.  the sun will not shine in phx this season.
bamberg1977::Phoenix is not going anywhere. I'm a PIstons fan, I dont think the Pistons have unlimitted potential. They need more pieces on perimeter, but I like their future way more than suns
michrules97::You know what I can't stand about some of you other Pistons fans?  You make the argument that we need to not win now because we need a high draft pick next year...the problem is you've been saying that since the Pistons started sucking again back in 2008.
bamberg1977::I dont care about tanking, I care about the Stupidity of Dumars when you have BG and Stuckey  and high picks to get Harden and you dont pick up a phone.   I've been praying for them to go after Harden for 6 months, this isnt hindsight.
JimDetroitFan95::Crazy stuff going on here...........  Show some patience fans......
RegulatorJoe::People on these boards are so fickle now I'm hearing fire frank for what just cause he's not out andre Drummond in the starting lineup? That's moronic people think that if the coach didn't believe Andre gave us the best chance to win he wouldn't be starting. Here is something people refuse to acknowledge. Andre hasn't earned the starting job yet. Let him come off the bench play with the second unit slowly learn to play with the big boys. I personally wouldn't be angry if he spent the entire season on the bench. Andrew Bynum did  for his first couple of seasons and while his attitude sucks his skilll is there.
Sports follower::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. so why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs
okamixt::Who cares?
braydenroth1992::heres an idea detroit start DRUMMOND and singler!!!!
Anom.::Not sure about Singler, but he is def more efficient than Rodney "Tunnel Vision" Stuckey
JimDetroitFan95::This is hilarious imo......... Two games into the season, and Frank is an idiot. lol.
tom55011::I see no hope for the future of pistons basketball. They need a superstar that can take over a game and make everyone else better. Nobody on this team will ever be that player. Keep sucking and maybe you can get a number one pick and change this.
ryan loris::lawrence frank NEEDS to play drummond and monroe together, this guy that not know how to coach and by the way i was all for resigning stuckey but i guess he is who you loyal detroit piston fans said he was.... A COMPLETE JOKE!!!!
RishmoRacing::Drummond and Monroe together would be twin towers to contend with!
knowlto::Yeah, nothing can take down the Twin Towers!
tom55011::It's not his fault he has limited talent.
denn19641::So whose gonna take his shoes may I ask?
Sports follower::No matter what else happens the Suns had better beat the damn Spurs every time they play this year.
FORKWDEVIL::say that again!
Cylentkiller::Loving those numbers dragic!
Cylentkiller::If he gets a great consistant jumper then definitely
FORKWDEVIL::Possibly, possibly the Steve Nash true replacement.
Blitherpolecat::Are suns on Tv Sunday?
Sports follower::At Orlando
denn19641::To BK7, that's how a PG should play. Please give us those stats every night.
JimDetroitFan95::Stuckey stunk................  8 million per year...  He needs to earn his pay imo.
mikenbig::Stuckey will end up shooting around 44% from the field and 87% from the line.    Monroe is the guy who was disgusting tonight.  Out of control all night.  Absolutely abused defensively.
denn19641::Pistons needs to solidify their end game. Nice to see that we put ourselves in the position to win this past two games. Suckey and Monroe was a let down today while the prize rookie gave us 5pts, 8reb and 2 blocks in 19 minutes. JMax kept Andre at bay in the early goings. Although we did lose the first two, I'm still a bit satisfied as this is an 82 games.  Dumars, please fire LF!
mikenbig::Give me a break. Frank is fine.  Pistons don't need to be winning right now.  They need a very high draft pick next June.
mikenbig::Andre Drummond is a SUPERSTAR. That was one of the best games I have seen Brandon Knight ever play.
funtorun26::ahhhh so close... c'mon pistons . 854 comments here compared to the 5000+ comments anytime lakers play lol
mikenbig::Pistons fans are sleeping.  Its 12:44 in Detroit right now.
ZonaRado::More people love to hate the lakers
Sports follower::YES!!!!! Great job Suns. Good win over a quality opponent. Our defense held the Pistons under 90,which is encouraging. If we wish upon a star,a playoff berth can come to us. I'll certainly sleep better tonight than I have the last 2 nights. GO SUNS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
MobyLick::This team is NOT making the playoffs, they suck.  All they did was barely beat a team that they are competing with for a top 5 pick.  We have ZERO good young players.  Most of these guys should be traded midseason for some good picks and/or a solid young player.  That's the only incentive at this point to play well.
RishmoRacing::Yeah I know I'm a Suns fan but the Pistons are not a quality opponent pal, neither are the Magic anymore for the next game. The game was too close and the Suns have the offense it seems but need more defense.
EliT360::Dude, DETROIT SUCKS!
Blitherpolecat::I think they can get in a playoff spot myself
FORKWDEVIL::8
FORKWDEVIL::changed your name huh?
FORKWDEVIL::gotcha. Me too.
Sports follower::Had a couple accounts banned.
tom55011::QUALITY OPPONENT? LOL
tom55011::I love the commercials with the pistons working hard like that is supposed to get us excited. How about you get us some damn talent! That will get me pumped.
EliT360::detroit sucks $@%!
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Nice talking to you Phoenix fans. See you all later I'll stop by sometime
FORKWDEVIL::See ya. I was "gorilla" last year!
mikenbig::Excellent, another good loss for Detroit.  These losses are gonna help get more ping pong balls. Pistons are getting close to turning the corner.
tom55011::i doubt that.
mikenbig::LMFAO at you two clowns.  Drummond is a SUPERSTAR.  Not a good player. Not an allstar.....A SUPERSTAR.
tom55011::they will end up 50 or more losses. they have very little talent.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Only 0-2 man, calm down
tom55011::another long terrible season to be a pistons fan. man this is garbage!
chaunceyjrnumber1@yahoo.com::Good game Phoenix! You guys kept it exciting for my Pistons
FORKWDEVIL::1-1 baby. Closer to that 8 seed.  GG SUNS.
ZonaRado::Only 80 more to go...
TheJTram::uh Singler was wide open and all...nvm =l
bamberg1977::Stuckey is like Harden if he lost his hands in Afghanastan
mikenbig::Oh give it a rest.  Stuckey is gonna light it up shortly.  He always does.
ZonaRado::Good game Suns!
JimDetroitFan95::GG Suns fans.
FORKWDEVIL::Back at ya. Night.
Mr Ntense::YES!
Tyler BarnesMNSports::There was someone WIDE OPEN in the corner. I think it was Singler
dubzcheckem_22::Yup. Singler lol. Totally missed him.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Haha Singler would have drained it
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Nice airball Knight haha
Geo2043586:::D
Orange6O2::Phew
Orange6O2::Foul
jrockespn::Give it to Stuckey please!!
mikenbig::Foul stuckey on a 3 and the Pistons would have tied.
FORKWDEVIL::he has 1 pt
Mr Ntense::Two close games....cant take it
dubzcheckem_22::Foul them
Geo2043586::foul? or let them take the 3?
714Vincent::I would foul
Tyler BarnesMNSports::let them take it, make it exciting.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::If I was Detroit, i would give it to Singler
TunaSauce16::Ughh.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Wow how can you miss the 1st?
mikenbig::Uh....he's human.
mikenbig::3 -ball ties it.
Orange6O2::Hit your $@%!$@% free throws
Anom.::Sub in Jordan!
714Vincent::Loving Singler good pick up by Detroit
mikenbig::SIngler in the house!!!
bamberg1977::Scola is like a fish, I dont know whether to skin him or hit him over the head with a club he flops so much
FORKWDEVIL::That is why we acquired him.
