LetsPlayScRyB::the blazers just won the 2013 NBA finals!!!!
LetsPlayScRyB::blazers are the best team in the NBA nuff said
5891jonathan::OKC fans.  Looks like Seattle is getting a team - the Kings!  Finally.  Now we'll actually have a team rivalry to enjoy instead of mere regional hatred . . .
BavarianM3::and where were they when the sonics relocated?
BavarianM3::So how come they couldn't keep their team in the first place? Where were the fans who were bitter all these years when their team was on the verge of being relocated?
5891jonathan::I don't have time to educate you.  I would have to schedule hours for that . . .
MinniWolves90::I'm just saying its not a big deal for you, but there are a ton of people who care.
BavarianM3::what's the big deal? I'm happy for Seattle but they don't have a #35 like OKC.
5891jonathan::BavarianM3 - 5891jonathan - "what's the big deal" you say? Are you oblivious to the bad feelings in Seattle over the relocation of the Sonics? Every fan in the Seatle area was pulling for the Heat in the championships - and THAT was hard to take. Of course OKC is a better team than the Kings - right now. lol you actually think the Kings can become as good as the thunder?  Yes.  No team is on top forever.  Look at the Lakers.  BTW, how old are you?
MinniWolves90::One day. It goes in cycles.
BavarianM3::5891jonathan - "what's the big deal" you say?  Are you oblivious to the bad feelings in Seattle over the relocation of the Sonics?  Every fan in the Seatle area was pulling for the Heat in the championships - and THAT was hard to take.  Of course OKC is a better team than the Kings - right now.  lol you actually think the Kings can become as good as the thunder?
5891jonathan::"what's the big deal" you say?  Are you oblivious to the bad feelings in Seattle over the relocation of the Sonics?  Every fan in the Seatle area was pulling for the Heat in the championships - and THAT was hard to take.  Of course OKC is a better team than the Kings - right now.
MinniWolves90::It's a pretty big deal for the city of Seattle.
BavarianM3::KD is by far the best player in the world. This dude will be legend. Overall. the thunder haven't been the same after their run was broken, mainly on the defensive end. Westbrick is still pissing me off at times but he's under control most of the time.
LetsPlayScRyB::how bout this Lebron and KD r tied for #1 in the world
5891jonathan::blah blah blah
BavarianM3::who cares run along
MinniWolves90::Lol I will, since there is no educated basketball talk on here.  KD&gt;LBJ? Get real
MinniWolves90::*KD is the 2nd best player in the World.
MinniWolves90::Lebron is far and away the best player in the world. 95% of unbiased fans would agree.
BavarianM3::IMO he's not. Who cares what I think.
Pusha Tonn::minneapolis.......the town of clowns - you guys are absolute clowns.  you can't jockride shved hard enough 2 weeks ago, and williams was the anti-christ.  a complete 180 in 10 days. you have toddlers for a fan base.    FACT ---- Yes, it's a complete 180 because Williams was playing awful, he sucked! now he's playing good and I want him to be our starter. I dont see the problem, if he's better now, play him more, it's going to be good for the team. And I like Shved a lot, he just needs to work on his shot selection and stop trying to pass the ball while jumping, that's all
md7152::Way too much whining from you....
MinniWolves90::He's just calling it how he sees it. And I agree with him.
minneapolis.......the town of clowns::GumbySquad - Derrick Williams over the last 15 games:    FGs: 54/94 - 58%  3pts: 11/27 - 41%  FTs: 25/32 - 78%  ------------------ and you muppets wanted him traded last month.  said it was the worst pick ever. wolves fans don't deserve a competent team.
minny snowta::I agree with that statement, although, I am from mpls but I am not a clown.  The cat people are the ones who were all saying that derrick williams was a bust.  they are very impatient and idiotic.  They are the same $@%!$ that want Love exported so bad.  I disagree with them and the only thing they can do is gang up on me with their cat pictures and insult me.  but they r only insulting themselves.  anyway, i can see why u think our town is packed with dip$#!ts, i'm not one of them.
htabbach::Those same people, mostly 3 or 4 of them, have not been on these boards since Love went down, a good bunch of fans, NOT!
minneapolis.......the town of clowns::9 straight years of sub .500 basketball?  is it possible?    twolves allergic to the playoffs?  lotta chatter from you fans every year, same result.
MinniWolves90::Yes, because it's the fans fault we miss the playoffs. What do you want us to do, roll over and give up? That's not what being a fan is about.
goostate24::Sooo OKC has some first round picks coming up through trades and such.... Sadly, I'm pretty certain Marcus smart will be gone after this season, and the guy is a freak player. He's the 2nd best pg out there right now.  Burke is better, but he'll go too high for OKC to get him. But smart will likely be a mid-first rounder, and if OKC got him to back up Westbrook..... Holy cow that'd be a dream come true to OSU/OKC fans, as well as OKC fans in general.
Epicurusxm::It will just depend on how much faith they have in Reggie Jackson. Although, Smart would indeed be a great player to be behind Westbrook. He's pretty efficient, and what he likes in height, he makes up with pretty ridiculous athletic ability and natural strength. Could be an interesting draft.
jbWhatever88::And the Wolves stomped the Thunder the first time they met this season.  What's your point? ---------------- good game Thunder! you stomped the wolves as expected. Hopefully the cat people weren't making fools of themselves before the game started.
goostate24::Yep, stomped the thunder by like 4. They destroyed them by 2 shots.
Pusha Tonn::htabbach - And Shved was just terrible! 7 TOs? Are you kidding me? But he will not be in stupid Adeleman's dog house! Double Standards! ---- I agree with you, derrick should be our starting PF right now, and yes, Shved commited 7 to's, he sucks when he tries to pass the ball while jumping, he needs to stop that ASAP, but, dont you think you're going to far? he was our best scorer tonight, 18 pts. 6-13 FG. that sounds good to me. dont be a hater, if Adelman puts Shved in the dog house we're going to lose games by 20 every single day, he's better than JJ and Luke
minneapolis.......the town of clowns::you guys are absolute clowns. you can't jockride shved hard enough 2 weeks ago, and williams was the anti-christ. a complete 180 in 10 days.  you have toddlers for a fan base.  FACT
LetsPlayScRyB::if u wanna see clowns go to heat vs blazers convo. itll seem as tho blazers just won the finals
MinniWolves90::He's just calling it like he sees it. Shved DOES need to stop getting caught in the air. Williams is improving, a couple weeks ago he wasn't doing so well. Now that he is the hottest guy on the team, he needs to see extended minutes.
Rip City Forever::Well this is all fu-cked up. Sacramento is losing a team now, and Seattle is going to get them. Seattle and Sacramento are awesome places to have an nba town, but clay Bennett and the "thunder" had to fu-ck up the nba out of greed and power. Sh-it is fu-cked man I officially hate the thunder ( because of clay Bennett)!!!!
KronkiteW::I hope Bennett doesn't allow the kings to move.
JeremiahB17::Well no one cares go cry in your pillow loser
Rip City Forever::I hate okc right now, I wish the thunder were never invented. Sacramento and Seattle deserve a team way more than Oklahoma City
LetsPlayScRyB::u should be watching seattle in the playoffs rather than worry bout teams moving
JeremiahB17::Lmao rip city is a butt hurt loser!
RDavison82::False, both those cities suck a ss.  Don't be pissed OKC supports their team and have best fans in the league.
Baby J.Cole::http://xat.com/ESPNPeople
Anyways...::lol
minny snowta::good game Thunder!  you stomped the wolves as expected.  Hopefully the cat people weren't making fools of themselves before the game started.
Kitastrophy::The cat people wanna oust their best player klove....
mntwolvesvikingswild::congrats OKC when the Wolves get eliminated Im rooting for you
Kitastrophy::Thanks bud!
Kitastrophy::Looks like my 20 point prediction was off by 2... what a shame!
GumbySquad::Derrick Williams over the last 15 games:    FGs: 54/94 - 58%  3pts: 11/27 - 41%  FTs: 25/32 - 78%
-Td4mvp3 -::the spurs need to win out until the all start break...we can do it ;)
KiD.Clutch.35::Spurs fans are typically realistic.  This team isnt near as strong as last year.
-Td4mvp3 -::I sure hope LA can beat okc on friday....they're definetly due
James Harden 3 point Celebration::i think you secretly love the thunder
KiD.Clutch.35::Dont see it happening.
KiD.Clutch.35::Well thats because youre a troll little guy.    Did you see San Antonio losing to the Hornets or OKC losing to the Wiz.
-Td4mvp3 -::I do :)
-Td4mvp3 -::I take my hat off to pop for bieng generous and keeping it close to the very end...what a guy!
-Td4mvp3 -::whoooweee what an @$$whoopin...year of the spur!
Colin OKCTHUNDER::OKC vs Lakers on ESPN, cant wait!
Maniacpkt::lakers play every team hard, hopefully the thunder take them deadly serious
sportsfan1014::Thundercats &gt; Timbercats
ClayGold::that should be the new New Orleans nickname
mnmark1::Let's see, a completely healthy OKC team w/ perhaps the best scorer in the game @ home against a severely depleted and injury-ridden Wolves squad. What did you expect?  Sounds a lot like last week's Vikings/Packers game, right?
ForeverGrapeOKC::I expected better....you beat Atlanta yesterday
Oklahoman2424::They need to see what they can get for Maynor. He looks lethargic on the court. I am sure the Thunder can get some decent bench role player for him.
white01150::RW and KD are the unquestioned leaders of this team, but I truly believe Perk, along with Collison, are the heart and soul of this team. Losing Perk would be a bigger blow than losing Harden in terms of team chemistry, IMO.
TFUID IX::I think Fisher really helped us at certain times last year. We just need someone who won't make mistakes backing up Westbrook.
Maniacpkt::i wasn't a big fan of fisher, but he was our only choice.  reggie will get better, but i do think we need a 3rd point guard and i don't trust maynor anymore
Oklahoman2424::I like Jackson's progression right now. He is vibrant and if he improves his court vision while looking for the open man, he will be a tough pg for other backups to try and handle.
Maniacpkt::knowing presti, he'll manage something
Maniacpkt::i just don't think there is any real option out there for a trade.
Oklahoman2424::I like Perkins as a person too, he just doesn't fit the teams play style. Even gangly Thabeet moves better than Perkins, that isn't good.
Maniacpkt::perkins has just been injury prone these past couple of years, nothing big, but little things here and there.  i love the guy, but something needs to change there
Oklahoman2424::Agreed. I feel he is already looking around to try and move Perkins and Maynor. Perkins steady decrease in minutes played and Collison's increase look a tell-tell sign.
Boomtown405::Next up lakers
htabbach::Adeleman is one of the worst coaches I have ever seen! Other coaches would do better with this roster! Go $@%! your self Adeleman!
Revenanteternal::Name a coach in the league besides Popovich who is better than Adelman? I'll hang up and listen, peon.
imaproatwork::adelman didnt even coach tonight........
htabbach::Lol, you are kidding, right? Porter cannot do whatever he wants, he got instructions from Adeleman!
pmbrown49::I think Adeleman and PJ Carlismo are the same guy
thunderguy80::LOL...Kobe walked off the court pi$$ed off...wouldn't talk 2 anyone including reporters or teamates...I love it...
Qzhoopin20::Why wouldn't Kobe be pi$$ed off?? I don't see the big deal there...especially when he's not used to this level of failure.
Maniacpkt::that team is so screwed
Colin OKCTHUNDER::KD still needs to shoot more than Westbrook, he is forgetting that he is mainly a scorer
Colin OKCTHUNDER::i like Steven A Smith, Bayless is a total idiot
Colin OKCTHUNDER::Skip Bayless will insult Russ even if he gets 50 points 15 boards and 13 assists 5 steals in one game
Qzhoopin20::People get too damn hung up on who's taking the shots. Bottom line...OKC is 27-8 and both KD &amp; Russ are playing great ball. Can't watch OKC through Skip Bayless lenses.
Colin OKCTHUNDER::KD is making himself a better player by getting more assists, and rebounds, but he should be leading everybody in scoring still
Dawgman206::GO SONICS!!!!!!!!
Boomer_Chief::^^ that will not happen. KD's dynasty is here in OKC.
pmbrown49::"I hink I'll want to come back"  --Kevin Durant
Maniacpkt::as a thunder fan, i'm glad they might get a team again.  could set up for a very nice rivalry
pmbrown49::One that Clay Bennett could never see in person in Seattle
Aheiram33::Say,  what happen to JJ tonight?
Aheiram33::I like is agressiveness  with  ball creating situation it could have been dif.
Kitastrophy::Hurt his flopping $@%!$@
vikings282654::Late scratch due to back spasms.
Mosaic_Paps393832::I love this:  http://tinyurl.com/free-fantasy-entry-for-nba1
Colin OKCTHUNDER::OKC needs to get a winning streak going, no more losing to teams they shouldn't lose to
Kitastrophy::That's what i thought....owned!
Boomer_Chief::^^ he is liking his own comments
Tornado Warning Wisconsin::Hope you die of stage 4 cancer someday.
Tornado Warning Wisconsin::get a brain tumor already.
Kitastrophy::Ahh pathetic much?
thunderguy80::WOW Kobe has chucked up 3 3s in 90 second span and bricked all 3
pmbrown49::Can't wait for the first OKC visit to Seattle in the 2013-14 season.  The boos will be DEAFENING
Maniacpkt::they have about 5 different teams condensed on one roster
pmbrown49::Sacramento's roster needs alot of help
Maniacpkt::curious if the new owners are going to have a fire sale or try to build on whats there
DeAndre Jordan::they should. kings are awful. trade cousins, get some value. start fresh
Colin OKCTHUNDER::OKC has some tough games on the road coming up, getting ready for Nuggets and Clippers
James Harden 3 point Celebration::GG wolves fans
Tornado Warning Wisconsin::not to be mean, but it was never a game. We played horribly and none of our players will ever get healthy.
Aheiram33::Play it cool, we are playing the number one team in the NBA with a few injured duck lame. The wolves will come back.
thunderguy80::LMAO...Kobe flopped....
Colin OKCTHUNDER::OKCOKCOKCOKCOKC!
springfresh3.1::Let me guess, Love was the reason for the blowout
htabbach::I don't undersand why DC is starting over Williams, but again, this coaching staff is just bad!
htabbach::And Shved was just terrible! 7 TOs? Are you kidding me? But he will not be in stupid Adeleman's dog house! Double Standards!
Maniacpkt::maybe they don't want to mess up the bench rotation, i dunno.
htabbach::Well I guess Adeleman hate for Williams is more important than the team, I guess!
Maniacpkt::i'm just throwing out ideas, trying to give the coach the benefit of the doubt
DeAndre Jordan::dante was always a bench player and dwill never played lol
Qzhoopin20::Where's all the Westbrook bashing??? I thought folks said he'd be shooting bricks &amp; turning the ball over all night!!
TFUID IX::It's kind of sad that nobody outside of Thunder fans really gives him any credit.
TFUID IX::When he has a great game, people don't talk about him.
thunderguy80::13 more losses and Lakers won't make the playoffs....
Ricky Rubio9::Thunder are my 3rd favorite team
-the-extra-pass-::what an honor.
Corbean9464::way to go thunder i never duobted you guys
-the-extra-pass-::Wow, Rubio just has no impact out there some games.
DeAndre Jordan::tough game for everyone. give him time
Ricky Rubio9::lol we got pooped on
