gabadzi::hey all you lin fans or lin haters check out my website http://lindynasty.weebly.com/index.html
Ravens n Orioles::heat fans are all trying to say they aren't band wagon fans. marlins for the past 10 years whats your attendance average, 400?. all i have to say. now that they are rebuilding everything im sure they will have a butt load of fans since they will be good and they just hop off the rays band wagon and on the marlins band wagon.
TheHeatAreTheBeastOfTheEast::They will have a new state of the art baseball stadium. That is what will draw the fans
Gamham34::Jeremy Lin.   Nuff said....................................................
gabadzi::http://lindynasty.weebly.com/index.html
TwiztidKennyD::I will say this.  I have watched every game this season that I could, and the Heat are looking better after every stretch of games. As competitors, I hope they just remember how close they were last year and couldn't get over the hump.  This year is time to do it.  Go Heat!
brandonlee561heat2::Mario Chalmers and James Jones will be in the 3pt competition.
RageKage14::All of these Heat haters are hilarious.
mas93287::Finals Record  LeBron: 2-8 (0 RINGS) Kobe: 23-15 (5 RINGS, 2 FINALS MVPs)  LeBron isn't even in Kobe's class.
Rossi46Doctor::It's true. Kobe is a proven winner who excels under the biggest spotlight. LeBron turtles up when all eyes are on him.
southridge305::continue to speak of team accomplishments, how bout some individual stats where it doesnt factor to the team you playing on.
thebattousai99::"past is irrelevant"
thebattousai99::Yes.. WNBA is the worst is really the best! LOL
Aicyla22::lol you tell him! thanks to nba you have ammo for life
Please_Dont_Trade_Anymore_Marlins::The Heat blew out the Pacers and you have people posting about the Heat's PGs having a combined 5 assist? Seriously?  I guess its convenient to overlook Cole's 20 points since it goes against the point you are trying to make, just like its convenient to overlook LeBron's near triple double in 3 quarters.  The Heat have issues like every other team in the league, but facilitating isn't one of them.
southridge305::really heat doesnt need their point guards to average lots of assist because they have lebron who is a top 5 passer for any position in the lead.
91Gmoney9009::I never said facilitating was, way to call me out though...CLASSY, you give Heat fans a bad rep.
RunTheBall22::Heat not winning the finals last year, Lebrons fault.
rafroch7.2::Well lets not forget Mavs dropping threes all the time. Insane contested 3 pointers i mean.
_TheSixthHeatle_::he'll make up for it this year
Moto Jones::I cant wait til the playoffs bulls fans will be silenced just like last year  I remember bulls fans being mad as fucc after game 5 I live here people were damn near about to cry.Chicagos Mvp blamed himself and was depressed and this wack bulls front office did NOTHING significant to improve this overachieving team  The HEAT crushed many dreams last playoffs and will do it again this year
southridge305::when battier is on, he is hitting 45 percent from 3 point line and can play defense. cole isnt better than deng, but as for being the back up guard and what he does, i like him better than lucas, brewer, rip at this stage and maybe watson
Moto Jones::The Bulls LOST 4 games straight in the ECF 100% Healthy  The bulls added rip hamilton who has been a non factor and injured for half the season they also added jimmy butler who Never plays,  The heat added cole who's better than anybody in the bulls backcourt besides rose and battier a great defender and shooter and have ahealthy haslem and miller who they didnt have for 80% of last season  Da fucc outta here
Rossi46Doctor::Bet he knows more Heat players than you do. Remember Glen Rice?  Didn't think so. What's your favorite Seikaly memory? Didn't think so.
thebattousai99::anybody who knows anything about basketball.. YOU must be a bulls fan... All you know is jordan and nothing else.
RunTheBall22::Who wouldn't take Linsanity over the frozen one?
RunTheBall22::Battier a great shooter? LOL. Cole better than Brewer, Deng, Korver and Rip. LOL you are cracking me up kid, thats good stuff
Aicyla22::chicago has a great team they're our biggest competition in my opinion but either way RunTheBall doesn't bring to the table any valuable points look at his posts for Christ's sake
_TheSixthHeatle_::more that just a little debate m'am...Chicago has a good team, and the Heat were practically at full strength against them while Chicago was hurting - at full strength, Chicago probably would've won that game
Aicyla22::sorry to interrupt your guys' little debate here but i just want to bring to your attention that you're debating with someone with NO credibility (RunTheBall22) earlier stated he would take Lin over Lebron.
_TheSixthHeatle_::I want the heat to win as much as anybody....but Chicago did improve in a key area and, if healthy, will give the heat all they can handle. Healthy is the key word. Remember, last year was Chicago's first year with their pieces as well. I just think Chicago did more in the off season than the heat did.
southridge305::really that first game meant nothing. last year bulls won a game where i think james didnt play one game, then i think bosh miss a game also. they were all close games, but what matter most was playoffs when both teams were as healthy as they would get, even with players being bang up. this year players will be hurt or bang up, but unless u missing the best player on your team or your whole bench, then nothing should be said. win or go home
_TheSixthHeatle_::the most recent Chicago/Heat game showed how close the games can be. Lebron and Wade started to do their isolation crap and Chicago probably would've won the game if Rose hits his last shots (and they were not tough shots). I want the heat to play more of a team game, sure they can blow out opponents with good games from the big three, but against a good team the heat must play team ball
RunTheBall22::Don't tell that to this guy. he thinks no one has a shot to beat the Heat. Heat are a tough out but there  are some good teams who have a good shot. I'm sure he thought the Heat had that ring locked up last year to. lol
Moto Jones::They made the finals THEIR 1ST YEAR Together the bulls havent made the finals since MJ's last year playing here  The bulls won the regular season crown but got SONNED in the playoffs.Congrats on winning 62 games I know that means alot to you people Lulz  The pacers was whooping up on rose and nobody retaliated and the bull STILL dont have another player who can help rose  Prepare for more 9-29 shooting games and rose getting trapped
RunTheBall22::Yeah it's just to bad Bulls fans don't act like that. lol.  your not very bright are you?
Moto Jones::I never seen a fan base act like winning 62 games and having the mvp and coach of the year and best record in the nba and LOSING in the playoffs is better than making it to the finals  And wade has an FINALS mvp and ring  Rose got a regular season mvp then shot 38% in the playoffs and got shut down everytime lebron was on him congrats  And I already said Im a bulls fans dumb fucc
RunTheBall22::Never seen a fan base act like winning the east is better than winning a ring. lol you heat fans crack me up. they have no more rings than Rose and the bulls right now .
RunTheBall22::And then Dirk slapped the Heat right in the face and said SHUT IT DOWN!!! LETS GO HOME!!!!! you act like they won something last year heat fan
91Gmoney9009::Both Heat PG's had a combined 5 assists...smh.
southridge305::because if lebron doesnt have to get rebounds as much he can break free for the fast break offense. u really dont know the heat team. haslem is a good defender and can hit the mid range jumper. he know his role and how to be most effective playing with the big three miller is a great 3 point shooter, can rebound, hustles, and can create his own shot. both players have great intangibles
91Gmoney9009::Are u dating Mario Chalmers? There is this thing in the NBA called "trading"
southridge305::u are really not getting the picture, nash may not have the ball enough to average 11 assist, plus heat average 20 assist a game which is good. most of the teams that have more get maybe 1 or 2 more assist a game. i mean if u want to be a heat fan u can become one. forget the crap about being a band wagon fan, even though other fans feel every heat fan is a band wagoner. we dont need nash, especially if we have to get rid of our core. nash for cole or chalmers straight up, but thats it
91Gmoney9009::My bad, I short changed u by 4 assists per game. 17 total from 4 guys. Nash= 11...1 guy, plus u would still have cole, wade, and lebron. So 17 per game right now, if you had nash it would be, 26 per game :)
Aicyla22::wow you're great at math thats definitely not what it adds up to, but okay
91Gmoney9009::A total of 13 per game from 4 players lol...and your welcome
Aicyla22::his assists, plus lebrons, plus rio and coles.  I think we'll do just fine thanks for your concern though.
91Gmoney9009::If Wade's 3-4 assists per game are good enough for you, all I have to say is good luck in the Playoffs/Finals
Aicyla22::you did take it out of context of course an improvement to any position is an improvement.  but thats not saying we don't need assists bc we have lebron its saying we have people the CAN and do get assists so its saying a better PG is not a necessity because we have two non pg's that can fill that role when need be
91Gmoney9009::"get rid of someone for a PG when we have 2 non PGs that serve that purpose just fine????" I guess I took that out of context
Aicyla22::what i said to you is our pgs only having 5 assists in not a good representation of our team as a whole.  there are other play makers on our team.  sorry that things aren't traditional enough for you, but what the you expect when we have the most untraditional player on our team?  not to mention i did not say anywhere that we don't need assists because we've got lebron
91Gmoney9009::Hey u guys are the heat fans not me, just looking at it from an unbiased stand point. But u said why do we need assists weve got Lebron, so let me ask this: Why do u need rebounds, you got Lebron?
Aicyla22::points aren't what its all about how about rebounds, defense, drawing charges, forcing players to take hard shots
brandonlee561heat::Close, 7ppg, 19mpg
91Gmoney9009::Haslem is a good rebounder, thats it.
91Gmoney9009::Miller has been great since his return, hes averaging what 4 points a game in 15 minutes?
Aicyla22::ok you're right i remember now, anyway you can't trade away 20% of a team for 1 an old person (although he's still a great pg) its not worth it at all
thebattousai99::HECK NO.. you crazy to get rid of Miller and Haslem LMAO
thebattousai99::its not like they can trade Chalmers for nash.. there are rules to this trade thing you speak of.
91Gmoney9009::We had this convo 2 days ago. I said Chalmers, Miller and Haslem for Nash, and u said no
Aicyla22::so whats your trade proposal?
91Gmoney9009::Its not hating, do u guys realize what kind of team u could have if u had a PG? You Heat fans are so awestruck by Wade and James that you dont even care about anything else. James is a great floor general. but he should not be leading the team in assists. Imagine if you had a PG that could average 6 or 7 assists per game, that means more points for LeBron and Wade, Quit being so close minded, theres 5 people on the court for a reason.
southridge305::heat has james who can dish out 7 assist or even 10. james is just as good of passer than most of these point guards. heat just need consistent down low prescence for defense and rebounding
southridge305::heat dont need a elite point guard that will dish out double digit assist since wade and james has the ball most of the time. cole and chalmers are perfect for what heat need. cole is the game changer with his fast pace uptempo style and he can hit jumpers in not afraid to drive to rim to collaspe defense. chalmers is a floor general who can play defense and hit the open three ball. he is better aware and comfortable in his role.
91Gmoney9009::And I didnt say the best at every position. I just said a PG, any point guard! There is no reason the Heat could not bring in someone that can dish out assists. Not a Mavericks fan, but Jason Kidd is still starting and averaging what 7-8 assists per game at 40 years old?
thebattousai99::I like Chalmers.. He is proving to be a deadly shooter and has improved his dribble/drive game.  He is also learning how to facilitate better and better each game.  Cole is more of a 'true' PG, but he has been working on his shooting game which looks better each game.    Dont get me wrong, would love to have Nash, but lets be real, as Alycia pointed out, do you really believe the Heat can get a top PG for free?  I dont.  So you work with what you got.  We are more lacking at Center than PG.  But, the Heat manage to do well at the Center position with an undersized guy in Anthony.
Aicyla22::yea imagine if we had dwight howard too i mean come on of course the best at every position will make a team better but what should we do?? get rid of someone for a PG when we have 2 non PGs that serve that purpose just fine????    Its not being close minded its being realistic if you can find a floor general that wants to play for free send him on over.
heatdolphfan::da hate just keep on coming
Eternal_Sage::does it matter? 5 assists twenty assists. end result is win
Eternal_Sage::yeah lebron had 7, the dude can be the best pg in the nba when he plays pg
Aicyla22::its also a dumb comment bc lebron &amp; wade are facilitators as well even though theyre not pgs
Aicyla22::so what?
Aicyla22::so why no Harris last night?
Eternal_Sage::thanks tim!
timgray03::Because you only so many active players in a game, but a max of 15 on the roster. Dexter Pittman and Terrel Harris were inactive, wearing suits.
Aicyla22::well there you go that makes perfect sense
Eternal_Sage::good question, maybe hurt?
Aicyla22::yes he was but i haven't heard anything about an injury
thebattousai99::I didnt notice last night.. but was Harris in street clothing?
thebattousai99::Yeah. No Harris in scrub time.. weird.. no clue as to why not.. and what happened to James Jones?  Went from getting playing time to barely any at all.  D must be really struggling.
Aicyla22::hmmm i can't find anything about it
Aicyla22::perhaps i will google it
Eternal_Sage::could be an injury x_x I dunno
Aicyla22::i know but what I'm saying is they both don't need to be in there put harris in instead of howard.  howards been in the league for 77 years he's had plenty of practice
Eternal_Sage::eh who knows, but  jj may be gone if miller stays healthy
Eternal_Sage::well they were just to finish the game which is why the fourth was so lopsided.
Aicyla22::they don't need howard &amp; curry in there at the same time, both fumbling the ball around
Aicyla22::yes i feel bad for jj and i think they can play him more in the 4th and take miller out earlier.
thebattousai99::true that.. great point.  But damn.. he went from some minutes to absolutely nothing LOL
Eternal_Sage::miller just does so much more things better then JJ from 3 point, to defend, all those things. jj got most of his time because miller was hurt
RunTheBall22::Lin is cold blooded and is not afraid to shoot a game wining shot. Lebron is scared to even do the dunk contest because he dosn't want to look bad. grow a pair Lebron and get off Wades nuts.
southridge305::non sense, kobe got what he wanted thats the only way he stayed in laker uniform.  durant and rose are being set up good with the supporting cast, but we will see what happen when either cant win a ring for the next three years or so
jiznake8::IMHO, LeBron hate is completely unfounded.
_TheSixthHeatle_::people would just rather see someone with his talent try and do it as a leader &amp; not take a second seat (to Wade). Watch what happens with Howard....same hate will come, unless he stays in Orlando  soooo much pressure has been taken off lebron's shoulders...you can't blame a person for wanting that, let alone hate them for it...people just thought he was more of a leader that could handle the pressure...college might have taught lebron how to handle pressure better
sokal-surf::This has been written in stone...
South Beach Where Everyone Wants To Be::So what will Friday's game at the Cavs look like?
Eternal_Sage::it's a good  question depends on irvings health
thebattousai99::yeah.. i failed to pick up on that LOL
Eternal_Sage::lol of course mine was sarcasm!
thebattousai99::yeah.. same people who thought that of you, think that of me.. I find it silly that most haters just throw out blanket statements about Heat fans being bandwagoners.. which there are, no doubt about it.... but its not like this is the first time the Heat were any good.. this is not the first time the Heat were relevant.
thebattousai99::yupppppp.. silly if you think about it. It is like me being upset that Jason Taylor when to play for the Jets and Redskins.. nahhh.. he was too good to the Dolphins and the Miami fans.. cant get mad at the guy for wanting to go win, especially the pathetic franchise the Dolphins became there for a little.  I could not root for him as a Jet or Redskin, but I did not trash him or like him any less.
Eternal_Sage::It's okay x_x people thought i was a heat fan since 2010 that still made me cry
Eternal_Sage::Oh yeah, even though most have move on. still a large sum of people that hate him for no reason
thebattousai99::I agree with you that the HARDCORE cavs fans have moved on.. and that they should be happy with him.. but, I think anytime LeBron comes to town, the fans will come out of the woodwork to root against him.   My mistake for not being clear enough.. But yes, I do agree with you.
Eternal_Sage::I disagree, most cav fans know they have irving they draft well. they need to get a new owner and they will be good
thebattousai99::They are in no way over it.
Eternal_Sage::Most are, the cavs got a star in irving. I think only the trolls and losers really care about that angle anymore
South Beach Where Everyone Wants To Be::Well I wonder also how the fans will act. I mean are they over it yet?
South Beach Where Everyone Wants To Be::Wow! 3-0 on our back to back to back. And all three on the road. Nobody else can say that.
mintzerkj4eva::OKC and CHI. But they didn't kill like Miami did
_TheSixthHeatle_::CHI just crushed opponents on a recent road trip tho...you really can't judge by these things, but its fun to talk about
mintzerkj4eva::true that too
Eternal_Sage::okc and chicago had home games in their b2b2b
Eternal_Sage::he's a fuddy duddy, but even brandon has to like LINMANIA!
mintzerkj4eva::LIN WITH THE WIN
Eternal_Sage::CAN'T SPELL WIN WITH out in!
mintzerkj4eva::haha
Eternal_Sage::LINSANITY  !!
Bluhntman::The heat can't possibly win the NBA finals as long as LeBron is on the court in the fourth quarter.
gansterRefs::well, everyone saw the refs bail out the mav's during the finals, the mav's were sleepwalking and the refs bailed them out, the reffs stopped calling fouls as Lebron was getting mauled, so dirk wins one , hurray for dirk, even Jason Witlock saw this
gansterRefs::the Heat are going to make allot of idiots cry in their beer this year
brandonlee561heat::The bulls should more worried about beating teams with winning records, imo. You do not get a bye in to the ECF. At the rate they are going they will win 0 playoff games.
southridge305::lebron team suck in clevand. u cant name one player in history that would have won with that team lebron played with
RageKage14::but, you see, LeBron chokes in the finals, so that means the Bulls are better.  Literally Bulls logic.
_TheSixthHeatle_::but this wasn't lebron's first finals....lebron has a loooooong way to go
Eternal_Sage::dirk choked in his first finals now he's considered clutch.  lebron will follow the same path
packfan21mt::Utah Jazz &gt; Miami Heat
Rossi46Doctor::Heat: 15 playoff appearances, only one title.  Bulls: 31 playoff appearances, six titles.
RageKage14::Heat: 15 playoff appearances in 22 years of existing. Percentage: 68% Bulls: 31 playoff appearances in 46 years of existing. Percentage: 67%
brandonlee561heat::16 long years, since their last final's appearance, realistically, I would think it will take at least 5 more for them to get there again.
packfan21mt::ya thats true.
NotEvenMad::Heat: First team to win back-to-back-to-back road games since 1979.
jiznake8::that can't be right, unless you are talking about consecutive nights
jiznake8::Ok, gotcha.
NotEvenMad::Nobody uses back-to-back in relation to the NBA in that context..
jiznake8::I can see what you mean, but in english, back to back does not say anything about the interval.
NotEvenMad::It is.. You just didn't use your brain to think it through before posting.
jiznake8::if you say someone won back to back games that does not really imply anything about the interval, just that there wasn't a loss in between, at least literally.
jiznake8::that's not really implied by the grammar. but i'll take your word for it.
NotEvenMad::What do you think back-to-back means...? Clearly doesn't mean one win on Monday and then another on Friday...
brandonlee561heat::b2b2b, would be consecutive nights...
Rossi46Doctor::2011 NBA Finals
orlandochico987654::Y would i be mad, the heat have won the last five games against the bulls lmao, that makes me happy :-), oh and remember last season, the last game of your season, when Lebron blocked D Rose with his nuts on that last play, thats your team :-) lmao!!
Rossi46Doctor::So cool! And then LeBron shriveled up like a box of raisinets in the Finals. LOL
orlandochico987654::Lmao its funny how losers like you come on here to bas the Heat. I love your stats for the Bulls, by the way whens the last time the Bulls won anything??? it was almost two decades ago!!! Stop talking out your a s s about Lebron and the Heat and come at me when your Bulls do anything relevant son!!!
brandonlee561heat::All Bulls fan's star in the movie: <b>Back To the Future</b>
orlandochico987654::Its funny how this guy is bashing the Heat, whens the last time the Bulls even Beat the Heat....cuz the heat are currently on a 5 game winning streak against the bulls!! lmao
brandonlee561heat::The Bulls are good! I mean its almost been two months since they beat a team with a winning record! lol
Rossi46Doctor::U mad?
Rossi46Doctor::Heat are a bunch of girls with no heart. Choooookers
Rossi46Doctor::Choooooo-kers
brandonlee561heat::If Rose had any type of heart he would be out there playing without letting his stubbed toe hold him back. sorry.
tbomber2::If lebron wins a championship, <b>then you can talk sh.it</b>  till then you're all just blowing hot air out your as.s.
RageKage14::The only people talking "sh.it" are the Heat haters trying to downplay the current team's success.
Rossi46Doctor::If it weren't for that pesky Bucks team...
brandonlee561heat::Ok, I am fine with that. What I would be disappointed with is, the fact that without the easiest schedule in the league, my team would not be in 1st place.
Rossi46Doctor::Everything will be ok, once you come to terms with the fact that up to now, the only thing LeBron has done is turtle up in the Finals LOL
brandonlee561heat::Everything will be ok, once you come to terms with the fact that until Bron no longer plays in the Eastern Conference, the Bulls will not make the finals.
Rossi46Doctor::Um, he does. Repeatedly. Winning the title is the point of the NBA, and in particular, the point of spending every last dime you can on three star players. Too bad your big money FA is a mental marshmallow. I know Girl Scouts with more mental toughness
RageKage14::Yeah, really. The Heat just won back-to-back-to-back road blowouts against East playoff contending teams, and then everyone comes here and posts "Well, LeBron chokes in the finals"
brandonlee561heat::Clearly.
tbomber2::oh really?
brandonlee561heat::Jealousy.
22Young Money::Yeah we the best we have @ least 3 rings on the way
Rossi46Doctor::So do the Wizards. Talk to me when it happens
brandonlee561heat::39 days since the Bulls beat a team with a winning record.  Thought's?
tbomber2::I think you should learn how to spell the plural of "thought."
tbomber2::it's funny what happens when a 4chan meme hits the mainstream.
brandonlee561heat::Are UmAd?
gansterRefs::people hate Lebron, I think its funny
RageKage14::The best thing about the Heat this year is the improved bench play. Last year, if both LeBron and Wade didn't score nearly 30, the Heat would usually lose. Now they get contributions from other guys to take the pressure off those two.
Rossi46Doctor::Bulls 64-47 against the cHeat all-time, 17-9 in the playoffs, 4-2 in playoff series wins, 6 rings. Keep trying down there in South Beach, little brother.
RageKage14::Championships in the last decade:  Heat: 1 Bulls: 0  Keep looking to the past for your success =)
Rossi46Doctor::Well, unless you get together with Stephen Hawking and figure out how to bend space and time, go back through a wormhole, and change the outcome of every one of those games, you're out of luck. Sorry, just facts, bro.
tbomber2::6 rings.  <b>u mad?</b>
RageKage14::u mad?
brandonlee561heat::He is not the only one. lol
RageKage14::Nothing to see here but a bitter Chicago fan =)
tbomber2::The point i'm making is that you're a hypocrite.  Therefore everything you say is BS.
RageKage14::So, you agree that the original post is BS?
Rossi46Doctor::LOL ok... Heat: Lose in the NBA Finals, LeBron chokes again... see a pattern there
tbomber2::wait.  that was last year.  "Keep looking to the past for your success :)"
RageKage14::Let's talk current then.  Heat: 1 finals appearances in the last year Bulls: 0 Finals appearances in the last year  Bulls 0-1 in playoff series against the Heat in the last year  Keep trying there in Chicago.
Rossi46Doctor::ROFLMAO yes! Wait, don't cryami fans like to talk about the "current" Bulls and Heat? 2006 is 6 years ago, not very "current" LOL
tbomber2::"Keep looking to the past for your success :D"  you just said that
RageKage14::At least I'm in the 2000's.
tbomber2::isn't that what you just did just now?
gansterRefs::LBJ will make Rose cry again
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::I cant wait til after the all star weekend. thats when  S H I T is gonna get real
gansterRefs::Curry and Pittman are getting ready for the playoff's, just watch
gansterRefs::Riley could play Pittman and Curry more, but he is a genius
RageKage14::Someone needs to hand LeBron the Gatorade.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::LMAO. you cant barely play during the regular season and expect to make a difference in the playoffs
gansterRefs::i believe the second squad plays in playoff games
gansterRefs::so is Cole
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Do heat fans really want Dwight Howard? I mean thats a little much
shukiduki::No but Bulls fans should be asking Jesus Tebow Lin whoever that they get him somehow
Eternal_Sage::not really
brandonlee561heat::hellllllllllllllll no. he's not even going to leave anyways.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::He's either going to NJ Nets or Boston.
gansterRefs::LBJ can shut down Lin and Rose, but Norris Cole is faster than Lin
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Lin reminds me of ty lawson
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::<b>Random Post alert!<b>  Jeremy Lin has that Boston swagg.. he went to school here so Im gonna support</b></b>
Eternal_Sage::what happens when c's play the knicks?
RunTheBall22::he's got Boston swag? better get to the doctor get that taken care of it sounds pretty bad
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Our defense shuts him down just like before
shukiduki::A guy has Kobe at gun point and says you have to admit either LBJ is better than you, Lin is better than you, or I can shoot you which option does Kobe take
shukiduki::Id imagine itd be something like this Kobe "Who is this Lin guy?" bang
gansterRefs::he takes the gun and shoots himself
Moto Jones::I have a bad,bad feeling the bulls wont even face the heat in the ECF  The bulls cant beat the knicks in a 7 game series in my opinion  Or the pacers and sixers.It is not a forgone conclusion the bulls will advance in the playoffs this year  Other teams are much more talented
Moto Jones::WHO have the bulls beat besides the clippers this year?
Moto Jones::I'm more of a bulls fan than you are you just kiss their a.ss and wont acknowledge their flaws  Again WHO have the bulls beat besides the clippers this year?  The magic and celtics are medicore. WHO Have they beat who are legit contenders? Ill wait for the answer  They are 0-3 vs the pacers,heat and sixers btw
RunTheBall22::You just assume I think the bulls are perfect. lol. and you just sound like all the heat fans last year when they tought no one could beat them, wake up dude and get over yourself. your no bulls fan
Moto Jones::I am a bulls fans I just tell the truth instead of believing this team is capable of winning a title and get hyped over beating the bobcats,nets,pistons,wizards,kings  Bulls are 3-5 vs east playoff teams   Who have the bulls beat besides the clippers this year?  Every team they beat is either average or trash
RunTheBall22::lol, look at that record with all the injuries and road games so far. your not a bulls fan dude, don't lie
RunTheBall22::lol. I see, your just pretending to be a bulls fan. you had me goin there
Los P.E.P.E.S::my back hurts... Lol..
brandonlee561heat::Agree.
shukiduki::LBJ is a great passer defender and scorer  KD is a great scorer  which would you rather have?
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::stop comparing KD and lbj. they have two different styles of play
RageKage14::That's like saying we can compare Schindler's List and The Hangover because they are both movies.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::lbj is a physical sf while KD is the finese type
shukiduki::why they play the same position
gansterRefs::LBJ
RunTheBall22::Well at least Lin can close a game out, maybe he can show Lebron how to do that sometime
RunTheBall22::I'll take Linsanity all day
brandonlee561heat::Very true.
Aicyla22::plus hes a hater so that adds to the lack of credibility
brandonlee561heat::He's just fell victim to ESPN's brainwashing attempt's.
shukiduki::And Ill take whatever it is your smoking
Aicyla22::thats ridiculous you have no credibility then
Los P.E.P.E.S::I'm glad Spo is not coaching the East All Stars though he could have deservingly so.. The time off that weekend should be good for him.
RageKage14::I'm glad Spo is not coaching that All-Star Game. He actively came out and said that he didn't want to do it.
figuer25::Guys who coach the all star game or win coach of the year have been fired a season or two later recently. Good to not be that guy lol
Eternal_Sage::I'm irked about that
Los P.E.P.E.S::nah it's the fact Bulls got best record by half a game so Thibodeau goes.
RunTheBall22::yeah he didn't want to go just like the Heat really didn't want a ring last year
Los P.E.P.E.S::I mean it would be great to see Spo coaching but in the end it's a meaningless entertaining game.. Rather Spo focus on the season.
Aicyla22::he didn't want to go
brandonlee561heat::Im not worried about it. It would have cool, but oh well.
RunTheBall22::lol. it's a new year and a better team. all I'm sayin is they have a very good shot at beating the heat, and they really do.  and to say they will never beat them unless they do this or that is just dumb because you dont know that. whos the delusional one? not me my freind. you just sound like all the heat fans from last year. what happened then  thats for the new number one heat fan Moto Jones
figuer25::I like Rose and Chicago is playing SCARY good w out rose which means they are becoming a BETTER team. This is where CHI can def scare MIA or even win. If MIAs bench disappears, the bulls can def win. Lebron has been known to have no luck w bench players his entire career or "co stars" i.e. mo williams. I mean look at Miller and Bibby last year...and shane battier this year is shooting the worst % of his career, while Chicagos team is thriving w out rose.   That does prove though that Rose was not the big reason why CHI won all those games and is not really the MVP we thought he was. His team is like 7-2 w out him. Its the coaching and the team chemistry as well as defense and HEART
figuer25::I guess so but, Clev would not go 7-2 w out Lebron even if they played the worst team in the league 9 times lol
RunTheBall22::they beat a lot of bad teams without Rose. and really needed a closer against Boston.
figuer25::Who are "they"
brandonlee561heat::He is a real Bulls fans that knows the truth. Dont be insecure. To be fair, with the addition of hamilton, it is a new team, other than that, nothing is "new"
shukiduki::If KD and LBJ were on the same team who would make the other one better?  LBJ would easily make KD better
RageKage14::I'll take Wade on a last second shot over LeBron or Durant.
figuer25::I m a LBJ fan but I ll be honest. I would let Durrant take the last shot over LBJ. Heres the thing. Lebron is a scorer by default cause hes so gifted, Durrant and Kobe are scorers by DESIRE. They want to score, lebron scores cause he can. So where am I getting at?  When it comes to a last second shot, they dont think, they just want to shoot WHENEVER. Lebron has to "train" him self to become a last second shooter.  Lebron is the best 4th quarter CLOSER there is, this is why he led the league in scoring in the 4th for years, even though he sat down so much when he won big in clev and even this season. Last two games he has missed a tripple double cause his team was up big and finished w 23 and 35 in limited minutes.  ON who would make the other better...LBJ would make anyone better. KD is just your go to guy, not your decision maker or your defensive catalyst like Lebron can be.
RageKage14::Well, LeBron makes all of his teammates better. He made Mo Williams an all-star.
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::I don't know, but KD would be taking the shots in the closing minutes of the game. (If they wanted a championship)
Moto Jones::Lebron James will be an all time great  He is 10,000 points behind kobe and will SMASH several scoring records he just turned 27 think about that  Even if he loses his athletic ability he will still get 25 a game easily cuz he's bigger and stronger than everybody else  This kid will be a top 3-4 all time scorer and once the heat get that 1st title it will be a wrap for the league
RunTheBall22::think you need to clean your nose, it's all brown
brandonlee561heat::I would be, especially when I came to terms with the fact the Bulls will never make a championship when Lebron is an Eastern conference plyer.
RageKage14::u mad?
Los P.E.P.E.S::Man Heat playing the complete opposite of long last road trip! Dominating boards, not committing too many turnovers, moving the ball very effectively, and playing great defense! Loving it, go Heat!!!
Eternal_Sage::lol reggie miller gave in to linsanity,  THE LEGEND GROWS
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::Who gets a ring first:  1) Rose 2) LBJ 3) KD 4) Tyler Hansborough
RageKage14::The Heat are the favorites to win this year, so I think LeBron.
jordsdolphins::well Lebron since he's winning one this year
RunTheBall22::LINSANITY !!!!!!
Saints8365::Wade gave Lebron that Finals game and he couldnt keep the League? I bet rose could do that
brandonlee561heat::That's what i thought
jordsdolphins::*LEAD
brandonlee561heat::Is English your first language?
jordsdolphins::he meant lead
Saints8365::nope.
jordsdolphins::dont be mean LOL
RunTheBall22::The frozen one really loves his regular season. good thing he is not capable of that in the playoffs
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::who's the frozen one? D. Rose
RageKage14::This is what Heat haters actually believe.
shukiduki::What player won it every year they were in a gret team?
RunTheBall22::he lost last year with all the help in the world. whats your excuse for that?
shukiduki::Hey yall expected LBJ to win with nothing in Cleveland and Rose has Boozer and Deng more than LBJ ever had in Cleveland
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::what?
Saints8365::Rose has who now?
RageKage14::Loves the regular season? Sounds like the Bulls.
Paul96857::Yeah it was back when Ricky Nattiel played over there. Lin was there too. http://bit.ly/xGmF3d
