NOVABuffalo::Unless the Spurs have a 19 game losing streak I guess all the Spurs haters at the beginning of the season predicting a below .500 team have evaporated like morning fog in the hill country.
Alexflaknicksfan319::Philly fans are always making excuses for their teams short comings. Philly teams just suck
99LALO::Are we signing Patrick Mills or not does anybody know? Was it just a rumor cuz i heard it on Sports Nation but nothing yet.,
daboafadem::It's a done deal, Patty Mills is coming to SA.  He has to get his work visa approved because he is an Australian citizen.  But he's already agreed to terms with SA.  Should be a decent replacement for Ford.
leerey14::God damn its like i gotta hold your peoples hands and walk you through the point of $@%! calls ruining a teams chances. The game was close when the bs calls started piling on WHAT HAPPENS? THE GAME STARTS GETTING BLOWN OUT. Same bs happened against boston, what HAPPENED IN THAT GAME? refs stopped with the bs sixers blew boston out. Sad thing is you clowns will never admit it to it until it happens to you. God this sport is garbage lol. Shoulda just stayed locked out.
Raidersyeahthatsright::Excuse me genius...they scored 27 points in the entire 2nd half!!! Whining about referee calls just makes you look as lame as you probably really are.
daboafadem::As stated previously:  21 turnovers combined with shooting 11% from 3 point range, 41% from the field, and only 45% from the foul line is going to equate to a bad loss.  So...the officials caused the bad passes and turnovers?  The officials heckled the 76ers into their poor shooting performance?  I'll need to go to the replay because I didn't see Joey Crawford make any steals.  Unless you count his crew stealing a technical foul on Duncan who never even dressed.
luvnbayes::leerey14 -- you probably are the only blogger that knows the extent of the conspiracy to kill President Kennedy.  Please enlighten us!
Bexindy55::Uh, the game was a blowout.  Sort of hard to blame the refs on this one.
Vaquero In The House::leerey - you don't have to do hold anybody's hand &amp; walk them through anything, everyone knows good &amp; bad calls happen to every team in the NBA. You seriously believe the Spurs haven't had their share of bad calls?  Everyone knows referee Joey Crawford hates the Spurs, hates them so much he handed Tim Duncan a technical foul for smiling &amp; Timmy wasn't even playing that night he was sitting on the bench in street cloths.  Derek Fisher takes a shot after time had expired on the clock, Lakers go on to win the game &amp; championship.  This was a championship game cowboy not a damn regular season game for which you're crying about.  As for the lockout, why not lock your fking door, forget about the NBA &amp; watch House Wives of  Atlanta, while you're at it, stay off the God damn computer!
NOVABuffalo::that's powerful medicine Vaquero
luvnbayes::Just want to point out that in the 3 games in 3 nights, the following happened.  Without Tony, the Spurs creamed Dallas.  Without Duncan, the Spurs creamed Phlly.  Without Manu, the Spurs barely beat a terrible team, New Orleans.  I love all 3 players but it remains Manu who makes the Spurs go.  They just play with a better sense of urgency when he is involved.  So even though I think this is the best Spur club since 2005, it still comes to whether or not Manu is healthy for the playoffs.  If not, I quote Gregg Popovich:  "No Manu, no chance."
Vaquero In The House::I agree with you, Manu brings the game to a higher level of intensity.  No other NBA player can compare to his ball handling skills, he's very good at creating which in turn make his teammates move a little faster out on the court.  Throughout his career he's made some very incredible passes.  Go Spurs Go!
Rummpd::This is the team that has whipped OKC x 2 this year despite missing players and only got stronger with adding Jackson and Diaw. It they get anything out a backup PG the Spurs can win the West.
Bexindy55::As soon as the Spurs secure their playoff spot they need to sit Manu for the rest of the season.  The West is so strong...who cares who they play.
NOVABuffalo::see above hater
slam_dunk_on_u::Ohh Believe me they do care.....they don't want to play the Grizz lol
luvnbayes::Much stronger!  Both pick ups are huge and an already smart team had its bb IQ raised significantly by Jackson and Diaw.  They already have paid big dividends, and they are both playoff tested.  CANNOT wait for the playoffs this year.
NOVABuffalo::sure thing hater ... since you desire to live in previous years, Griz - 1 playoff series win, Spurs - 4 rings.  EAT IT
slam_dunk_on_u::Only to get bounced in the first round yet again LOL
threetimechamp210::Real headline: Spurs Win Three Games In Three Nights  How many teams have been able to do that ever?
polocash::And against the ex NBA champs and a fourth place in Eastern playoff standings team. We'll forget NO even though it was on the road. Has any team won 3 with these facts... and kept at least 1 or 2 starters out of each game. Splitter and Neal, both starters, have been out, plus Duncan, Ginoboli or Parker.. 1 each.
irontalon3052::They were the seventh if I remember correctly
Rudy_rush20::Was this a back to back to back? I kinda thought that was news worthy, but I guess ESPN still NUT RIDING as usual. Fu Ck ESPN bunch of bandwagon bull s hit reporting.
slam_dunk_on_u::Don't blame ESPN blame the spurts for being so boring!
LSD_hookem::Read some posts about spurs bein "disregarded" by espn and public at large. That's probably true. But I think of the spurs like a stealth bomber- you don't know what's coming til it drops on your head!  My Thunder were talked about bc of the Seattle thing, then ridiculed for their awful record, then the amazement when they made it as far last year against all expectation and now because they have a good record but most spend their time talking about our flaws. I think we get more press than you but this can work in your favor: teams expect injured toothless old men in spite of your excellent record and get hit with skill and some of the best bb smarts around.
polocash::A wise opponent who sees it like it is.. Thanks.
alwaysbesinkinthosemavs::Ive been following a betting system recently called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I recommend this system to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works. Thought I would post this for anyone frustrated of not winning thier bets
NBA_refs_are_weak::I cant wait for the 30 for 30 documentary about the spurs in 5 years from now portraying Timmy D coming to the spurs with robinson and then the building of a dynasty and his relationship with pop and all that. only problem is they usually have some drama in it. but there is none here really. just consistent winning year in, year out
daboafadem::So far, the acquisitions of Stephen Jackson and Boris Diaw have been nothing but positives for the Spurs.  I think once they get Patrick Mills through the work visa issue and into uniform, they'll be in good shape.
MavsNation92::T-Mac 13 points in 35 seconds  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfurCV1FDpM
polocash::We traded in that loss for 4 rings later.
spurs_sweep::Big Mac has how many championships? Where is he now? I guess if that's the highlight of his career and yours then you can have it and take pictures of the Spurs trophies.
spurs_sweep::where is BIG MAC now? How many championships? I guess if he can live with that only highlight of his career then he can have it along with you and your pathetic excuse for a team.
spurs_sweep::where is BIG MAC now? How many championships? I guess if he can live with that only highlight of his career then he can have it along with you and your pathetic excuse for a team.
daboafadem::That was the year T-Mac won the whole thing, right?
dkowal87::Don't know if I've ever seen: DNP Rest
daboafadem::http://www.nba.com/games/20120325/PHISAS/gameinfo.html?ls=gt2hp0021100723#nbaGIboxscore  Pop made them put DND - OLD on the scoreboard.  Apparently the crowd got a good laugh.
spurs_sweep::Maybe Holinger will change the power rankings and put Phili where they belong, below SA. Loser
irontalon3052::Probably, but then again I only pay attention to Stein's power rankings anyway
spurs_sweep::If I remember your stats will drop after being held in the 70's so um yes you will drop...
CoreyGallagherArt::Realize his rankings are based purely on statistics? So no...
playinaround2::His stats are messed up worse than ever this year by not accounting for West dominance. East teams get to pad their stats playing even a higher percentage of games than usual against each other. So just kind of adjust those rankings in your head with that in mind.
Mets2410::haha Pop is hilarious in the box score next to Tim Dunan it says DND - OLD http://www.nba.com/games/20120325/PHISAS/gameinfo.html?ls=gt2hp0021100723#nbaGIboxscore
MrMacross::Shame on ESPN for not filling out the box score according to the official scorer's notes.
SDTRIAZTEC::Kawhi with a double double. Not doing too bad for just a rookie! :-)))   So glad he ended up with a great organization in SA. Keep doing work Spurs!
Foghorn HookemHorns::No Tiago, no Tim, no Gary Neal and Manu is not even playing like Manu quite yet.  This Spurs team is damn good.
daboafadem::Just wait until they get Patrick Mills acclimated to the offense.
mydotcom::the real big 3? miami? boston? nahhh scalibrine luke walton and kwame brown http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/p/best-nba-memes.html
mydotcom::the real big 3? miami? boston? nahhh scalibrine luke walton and kwame brown http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/p/best-nba-memes.html
leerey14::God damn the nba is rough to watch. If your team isnt prolific in the nba world dont even bother. Refs dont give teams a chance. Only in the nba will you find a sport where the REFS, not even the actual players, have such a huge impact on every game. Which is why nba is becoming more and more boring to watch. The only thing that got me interested in the first place was allen iverson. Now that hes gone, i dont have much of a reason to watch anymore. Matter fact, after tonights terrible officiating biasis as usual. Im not watching till playoffs. Id rather die then watch basketball.
daboafadem::Not sure what this post is doing on this game.  This wasn't a 1 point game decided in OT by a bad call.  This was a 17 point blowout. The Sixers played tough into the second quarter but ultimately, 21 turnovers combined with shooting 11% from 3 point range, 41% from the field, and only 45% from the foul line is going to equate to a bad loss.
truetopia::makes me long for the glory days of pro wrestling, when the Macho Man would sneak something illegal out of his briefs, and gouge someone between the eyes with it.. of course, the ref would never be looking at Macho when he did this  the playoffs magnify this problem you speak of.. but i always loved my Spurs because they never complain about the refs, and they know that if everyone plays hard enough for 48mins then the refs are usually much less of a factor
machine260292::ok
yaakovmar::http://deadspin.com/san-antonio-spurs/ Better line score on Timmy!
leerey14::Name the sport in which refs dictate every outcome of every game. GO!
EazyZee::underwater basketweaving?
I like my own comments most of the time::funny
EazyZee::water polo?
I like my own comments most of the time::very
EazyZee::badminton?
I like my own comments most of the time::not
EazyZee::golf?
I like my own comments most of the time::are
EazyZee::lacross?
I like my own comments most of the time::you
slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts are one and done in the playoffs this year and watch out spurts . the memphis Grizzlies have noticed and are starting to drop in the standings so they can draw the spurts again in the first round of the playoffs Zbo is licking his chops to play them again.....
Raidersyeahthatsright::Good greif this guy is an idiot. His logic rivals that of a 10 yr old. hang it up you sad, pathetic loser.
Bexindy55::Don't bother responding to this guy.  He provides no basketball insight whatsoever other than talk smack.  Loser.
polocash::If this was anywhere close to the truth, the Grizz would have lost last night to Lakers.. who would have blamed them? Nope, they do not want the Spurs again...
daboafadem::Spurs are 3-0 against Memphis this season with the average score being 89-79.  I'd love for San Antonio to draw them in the first round.  It would be the NFL equivalent of a bye week.
99LALO::Danny Ferry is that you? Nah he isn't that stupid.
Vaquero In The House::Slam_dink _on_u - Stupid people are just that, stupid people, so place yourself in that category.  To think that this Spurs team is the same team as last season's team is plain stupid.  The reason the Memphis Grizzles have drop in rankings is very simple, they suck.....take that to the bank cowboy..........Go Spurs Go.....
machine260292::spurs would sweep the grizz this year. book it
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Its true idiot! You mad...cause your team sucks?
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Quit living in the past! The Spurs had many injuries last year and against the grizz...this year is no different..but for the exception of the bench coming through....and it shows....so eat it kid!
slam_dunk_on_u::the injury excuse again....
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Spurs are playing clearly like the best team in the NBA!!!!! Goooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!! Spurs!!!!! Goooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!
ddolph2822::Sixers can't afford to lose 1st place however I didn't expect them to beat the Spurs. Spurs re the most underrated team in the league with a HOF coach. I Wouldn't be surprised if the Spurs make it to the finals.
truetopia::San Antonio Spurs, your 2012 NBA Champions.. Book it!!!!!
Bexindy55::Quit jixing it please.  It happens all the time and I'm tired of it.
99LALO::Slowly but surely we gonna huff and puff and blow da house down!!!
passionate conservative::Wow, and Duncan got T'ed up at a game that Joey Crawford was officiating.  Shocking!
SublimeZak::SPEN,  the game was against Dallas when he got ejected from the bench
playinaround2::There is no other business on earth in which Joey Crawford would still have a job. He's a complete embarrassment for the league.
Vaquero In The House::Fk Joey Crawford......fking @zzhole doesn't know where his bald head is......
alaingruen::Yeah but it wasn't Crawford that gave him the T.
Bexindy55::That was a regular season game against Dallas.
irontalon3052::It seriously can't keep being a coincidence he get's T's during these games. Why can't they just see the schedule, and say 'maybe we shouldn't have Joey Crawford Ref this spurs game tonight.....'
passionate conservative::doesn't matter who gave him the T.  Ref's are all like the old mafia; they stick together.
SPEN206209::Yeah--but check out the AP (Associated Press) game notes on this page---Crawford warned the Spurs bench about protesting calls. He probably told the other two officials to T up Duncan if he even laughs (like he did in 2007 playoffs vs. Suns).
jlane0049::the OKC HEAT  board is nothing but TROLL quicksand dont go there
truetopia::the blazers-warriors board was infinitely classier than those two ever are (laker/heat boards)
mespin018::Same with Lakers-Grizzs
Titans are Oilers::guess everybody is on the okc miami board. good win  spurs keep it up
99LALO::Mc Nair is Moon!
LSD_hookem::dang Spurs!! Don't hate the Thunder cause espn is stupid. I just got through posting that it was more important for thunder to learn how to beat you than to beat the heat
SublimeZak::dabo,  Durant is actually from Maryland, he just went to UT
daboafadem::I don't hate the Thunder.  It's hard to hate the Thunder.  Durant is a Texas kid for one, and that whole team carries itself the way a professional team should.  As a Spurs fan, I would absolutely root for the Thunder if they advance to the finals.
irontalon3052::ditto to above. OKC is a class organization (the pillaging from Seattle notwithstanding) and are showing the benefits of growing a team with a mix of talent and class.
SPEN206209::Spurs fan here--no hate on the Thunder. It will be tough to get the #1 seed from OKC.  Depending on how Pop wants to keep the Core 3 (Duncan, Ginobili, Parker) healthy (remember the end of last season), SA just might be overtaken by the Lakers for the 2nd spot--but looks to have a comfortable lead on both the Mavs and Clips.  All of the league's team have very few games left against the opposite conference:      Mavs- 16 games - 4 vs east/    Clips-  18 games- 2 vs east  /  Spurs -19 games left   - 4 vs east.   Teams 4 thru 10 in west separated by 2 1/2 games--there will  not a lot of gimme games with that many teams in contention.
LSD_hookem::Very respectful I thought
Moses1045::According to the NBA.com and Yahoo! Sports box scores of this game, Tim Duncan was listed as, 'DNP: Old'.  Outside of a good laugh, this was an awesome way to cap off this back-to-back-to-back strech of games. This is another example as to why the Spurs organization will be in great hands once the Big Three are gone.   Go Spurs Go!
SPEN206209::Silver &amp; Black haven't quite got the future frontcourt blueprint down yet (fanbase is 50% either way on Blair as you know; and the Euro draft and stash of bigs is at best  a grade of "C" (took  a while to get Splitter in and Pops still has him at  20 minutes per game))-- but after pulling off the draft day trade to get Kawhi Leonard---PATFO will get that successor to Duncan somehow, someway.
mdtuzo::Tim Duncan C - DNP REST  idk why but i found this funny
SPEN206209::Team statisticians having a little fun as the season winds down.
truetopia::yeah i saw this with T-Mac on the Hawks the other day too!  never seen that reason before lol
Moses1045::If you think that is funny, check out the NBA.com and Yahoo box scores and see what reason they used for Duncan's DNP.
NukeLaLoosh813::BACK2BACK2BACK, BABY!!!!!  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
spurscowboys1312::GO SPURS GO!!!!
threetimechamp210::Three games in a row! Wow amazing vs Mavs and Sixers!
threetimechamp210::Breaking News: spurs highlights are coming up on Espn 2!
SPEN206209::At  2 or 3 am; following NCAA Women's highlights----
alexmetz28::i bet the okc to handle miami, i was dead on about that, i bet lakers to win later, but the sixers just f ucked me so bad DO YOU GUYS THINK I SHOULDA KNOWN BETTER
truetopia::yes.. yes you should have
alexmetz28::im depressed as hell they ruined my parlay  i thought this was the easy game
alexmetz28::was i stupid to think the spurs would lose tonight
Vaquero In The House::Yes!
mespin018::Jeff Van Gundy is full of SH*T saying the Thunder has dominated the Western Conference they are 1-2 vs the Spurs and has been outplayed the past 2 meetings.
SPEN206209::I couldn't believe he sad that----look at the numbers: Westbrook - 24.3 ppg for 5th in the league;     5.4 apg for 21st, with an assis to TO ratio of 1.42 -tied for 69th place Parker--         19.4 ppg for 13th in the league:  8.0 apg -tied for 8th in the league;  assist to TO ratio  3.03 tied for 5th place.
spurscowboys1312::westbrook is a shooting guard in a point guard body. that's his problem. not a true pg. maybe. the guy is young, but his assist r too low, he been league long enough to bring it up to six. parker on other hand is rippin' it up. he is hittin' his prime now. i wouldn't doubt westbrook, u never know, he might just figure it all out soon
Frantismo::Hell yea, then he talks about how he thinks Westbrook is the best pg in the game right now, he doesn't even mention Parkers name... mofo...
gjjetowanda::Questioning the deadline day swap? Read why Cap'n Jack was the right choice! http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1106654-san-antonio-spurs-4-reasons-to-welcome-back-captain-jack-with-open-arms
slam_dunk_on_u::lol
muckthetoos::Gonna be a good Western Final between the Spurs and the Thunder, Spurs are a serious threat for sure!!
slam_dunk_on_u::the spurts won't make it that far if you dont believe me just ask the Memphis Grizzlies  LOL
Vaquero In The House::Slam-dunk - face it, you're a piece of $@%! that doesn't know basketball. so let me spurt in your face, I believe that's what you love....lol
irontalon3052::If the grizz don't get bounced by the Thunder in the 1 v 8 machup.....
ImOldschool1964::the HEAT suck.  Even when i want them to win i can't make myself want them to,,,lol
John Michael00::Alright so lets go heat.
PUJOLSJUICES1983::Sign up with this link and I’ll send you a $40 credit to go towards free baseball tickets!  Scorebig is like priceline for tickets!  This isn’t a joke and this isn’t spam, the reason I’m showing you this is because I get $50 in credit if you sign up so it’s a win/win.  http://www.scorebig.com/Referral/scorebigmember4168?ref_tag=raf.def.lnk
PacmanJulatonDonaire::I AM OUT GO SPURS GO!
picaac15::As a Sixers fan, I couldn't care what happens this season because there is NO chance they beat the Bulls or Heat. I hope the good season boosts their trade value so the Sixers can get some star power this offseason
FrankPistachio211::SICK shot by Wade!!
PacmanJulatonDonaire::Wait the way things are right now what is our chances of playing againts Lakers in the playoff? West Final?
muckthetoos::Getting Stephen Jackson and Dumping Jefferson was the move of the deadline that will pay dividends come playoff time!! Our bench looks great, Tim can get plenty of rest coming down the stretch, Parker having an MVP year and Manu is healthy FINALLY!! If we stay healthy, watch out Western Conference cus things can get real serious!!
FrankPistachio211::No doubt, son.   Also, I can't believe how much Boris Diaw has helped us on defense so far. I would have never guessed.
spurscowboys1312::i always like boris diaw, i never understood hate on him, when he play for the suns vs spurs, he was a different maker
alaingruen::Dallas and OKC have their merits as well...make no mistake to get to the Finals from the West, whoever it is, will have to play three difficult series' in order to get there.There are no doormats in the West this year, and probably won't be for the next couple of years.
spurscowboys1312::i watch alot mavs game. mavs are in trouble this year, odom is messin' it all up. plus donte west is missed badly by the mavs
PacmanJulatonDonaire::Agree
FrankPistachio211::The Laker$ and Grizzlies are the only teams in the West that really scare me at this point.
spurscowboys1312::yea sessions coming off the bench, they r going need him startin soon
mespin018::Grizzlies are not as good as they were last year they lost Sam Young, Shane Battier and Vasquez and Darrell Arthur is out for the season. The Lakers wouldn't be able to play in a series with the Spurs they have good starters but their bench is one of the worst in the league.
alaingruen::As of right now, we would play them in the second round. In fact it will stay that way cause the top three seeds are all but locked up the way they are.
PacmanJulatonDonaire::Crap! They are scary thats the only thing I am worried about cause of there two giants
