doggbrown1::anyone else think bricky sucks
FORKWDEVIL::Yes
decke149::remember when many thought rubio's game wouldn't transition to the nba
ImAWitness06::Nice to see Rubio hit something other than the rim
GrealityBites::To all the Lakers' fans crying about losing the Teal Mamba:  try losing your two top scorers and your third scorer Rubio is coming back from a serious injury.  Throw in a payroll that pales in comparison to LA/NY/Miami and the smack you talk about the Wolves is pathetic.
GrealityBites::Magoofs fired Adelman, gotta love it.
DoctorHook201::The NBA should relegate crap teams like these to a feeder league.
THECH0LPATR0L::RUBIO = TOO WHITE
Terry3580::I see Pechovic missed another game.  That's 18 already this year, plus what, 30 last year.  He wants the big money but he can't stay healthy, or maybe he's just a Wuss.
LeafsplzsweeptheRags_GODEVILZZZ::omg nice going Wolves ....  yeah go 5-5 in the last 10 for what reason ?  even when they have a bad season they can't do it right
Kev_010::t wolves just lost their chance to get trey burkes. oh well
jank6708::dont want him
31beef34::well it's not that they don't want him.. but it'd be nice to draft a non-PG, considering our history of stockpiling at the position
FuzzySchWartzZ::Michael Beasely DNP-personal reason ?  I was hoping to see him there tonight.
jank6708::birth of daughter
FuzzySchWartzZ::thanks for the info.
asdfboost::amnesty Beasley
Kirby.Urbatsch::Can't you only amnesty players you had before the collective bargaining agreement?
rileaa18::Go Clippers and Wolves! Meow!
rileaa18::Minnesota still sucks. Clippers baby!
DaMafia14::How the heck you go about with 27 TO?  Wolves not much better with 18, but at least they come out with a W.  $@%! game to see ball throwing mostly at the fans!
01.02.2013::Wow, Ricky with a double double nice
eliasfcb10::and what it's even better.... Wolves win!
wunderrr::nice sequence to end this game. Suns fans, Wolves fans are  happy. Gambler's rent is safe...for now.
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::twolves gunna get 8 scede nxt yr wit love n rubio  just my 2 sense tho
alanstlfn::-4 2nd half hit
rileaa18::Wolves win! Meow!
Archie Mannings Backup Dog::I had no idea the T-Wolves were this good.
Fan of Underdogs 2012::wow... less than 200 comments for an entire game....awesome.
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::most pashonate players in game rite now: 1.dwade - every game players try 2 hurt him but he keeps goin 2.lbj- tore up finals 3. rondo- hes an animal and luvs 2 fite. respect 4. kg- tyed with rondo. he still has so much pashon 5. faried- always tryin his hardest no matter wat. he becomin allstar b4 our eyes 6. westbrick, h8 him but he always plays wit intenesty and pashon  just my 2 sense tho take it or leave it. gimmer ur ranks im doing a survay
31beef34::Rubio. kicking chairs, hucking balls into the stands, etc..
Wolvesfresh::KG #1
FuzzySchWartzZ::Wolvesfresh - KG #1  this
laythewood777::tank job! nba draft! haha yes!
Southside PHX 602::Out of all the teams in the NBA people are trolling the Wolves. Really?
rileaa18::Cuz we had so much potential coming into the year. People thought we would make the playoffs.
Fan of Underdogs 2012::wrong, southside.  has nothing to do with athleticism, and has everything to do with horrible luck, absolutely no health whatsoever.
Southside PHX 602::I knew they wouldn't make the playoffs. Not enough athletes.
rileaa18::Next year is the year! United We Run! Meow.
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::my predicshuns 4 rest of season:    1 la make playoffs lol @ 8 scede wat a faleure. SWEEP 2. nugs proive 2 be SUPRISE go 2 finals even w/o galo 3. ny knics loose in 1st round  lol but pacers go 2 2nd 4. bulls go 2 ecf wit rose vs HEAT 5. heat win in 7 vs nugs in xcitin series   just my 2 sense tho n idnt care bout URS
FuzzySchWartzZ::Lakers will NOT make the playoffs.
sysbaker1::17.0 you are an $@% clown!
Larsbars08::Yup. lol.
Larsbars08::I do live in Minnesota. Scandinavia lite.
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::ur norwegan
Larsbars08::Troll
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::ur names lars? lol
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::minisota sux 1nce again n wont make playoffs  just my 2 sense tho
Southside PHX 602::Another product of the system.
Larsbars08::Saying we won't make the playoffs is just stating the obvious.
wunderrr::- your 2 cents are not even worth 1 - your name disqualifies you anyway
Larsbars08::At least we can spell.
blakjak1298::By the way wolves fans, what happened to kevin love? injury?
Larsbars08::He was out the first 30 too.
wunderrr::he is out since about 45 games, yes
Wolvesfresh::Broke his hand in preseason. Came back too early and rebroke it. We thought he was gonna play the last week of the season until he announced he's having knee surgery to remove scar tissue.
Larsbars08::Broke his hand. Twice. Now minor knee surgery.
wunderrr::Turnover Paradise
Larsbars08::or Hell.
blakjak1298::What is with all the cat pics?
FuzzySchWartzZ::why is it weird?
sysbaker1::From the outside this whole kitty cat thing is just weird.
rileaa18::Meow.
Larsbars08::It's a Minnesota fan thing.
01.02.2013::it's a wolves fan thing
blakjak1298::i wish there was a suns fan thing
rileaa18::Oh well. We will just draft Victor Oladipo in the draft.
rileaa18::We should be like 8th.
blakjak1298::He will not fall to you guys, we will get him i hope
Larsbars08::God, I hope we can draft high enough to get him.
GrapeOKAllDay35::Oladipo is a lottery pick  Wolves are still winning games
wolfm4n86::i wish
rileaa18::Go Wolves! Meow!
GrapeOKAllDay35::Dumbest team in the NBA = Twolves  Should be tanking for ping pong balls...instead they competing like the 8th seed is up for grabs
FuzzySchWartzZ::They can tank on Monday.
peter_ingraham::The Timberwolves always get a worse draft pick than they should. Mine as well try to get better as a team.
Wolvesfresh::I know it's weird. It's like they're being paid to give 100% or something.
GrapeOKAllDay35::Not if it gets you a lottery pick  See the Spurs for reference
Wolvesfresh::Tanking takes the integrity out of the game.
GrapeOKAllDay35::??????  They're going on vacation anyways. Maybe someone will get injured.....then they'll learn
Poor Oregon::NVM
Larsbars08::Have to look for one with the lottery pick.
Poor Oregon::What position do the Wolves need shooting guard?
Larsbars08::Wolves have Lottery pick , plus Memphis' pick in the first round, plus two second round picks.
Larsbars08::No
Larsbars08::J.J.
SOLO HR::Come on Wolves!
SOLO HR::Do the refs got money on PHX? They won't call fouls on PHX for nothing...
Larsbars08::Plus all those Rubio drives.
SOLO HR::That was a And 1 on that Cunningham layup, and D.Williams got raped a few times underneath and they called nothing...
Larsbars08::I gotta agree with you on that. They haven't called $@%! on Phoenix.
SOLO HR::THis is the worst basketball game i've seen in 5yrs.. These teams are freaking horrendus!
wunderrr::nah i really would like to get the 30th win and get 20-20 at home....and i feel kind of sorry for that dude
wunderrr::did you bet your house on wolves? you are scary
Wolvesfresh::I'm starting to hope the Wolves lose just to p.iss this guy off lol
wunderrr::i mean dont bet on meaningless games like this anyway
SOLO HR::Stretch the freaking lead!
Wolvesfresh::Wes Johnson is having a rare good shooting night. He needs to learn how to get to the free throw line if he wants to become consistent.
GhotStruck::Wes has been really good lately... He's shot pretty good since he's been a starter. Hunter yells at him to shoot the ball... I think it works.
SOLO HR::Holy crap, wolves with lead... Now play some freaking d!  Welp, turnover by Kirilenko, when they actually could've brought lead to 4.. Now PHX will tie it..  20turnovers is crazy...
SOLO HR::Stop doubling ! Everytime they double, PHX hits a wideopen 3..
Wolvesfresh::I think SOLO HR has his rent money on this game LOL
wunderrr::haha he is entertaining...
Larsbars08::that or his mortgage.
Larsbars08::Gotta be. No one else is so down on them.
SOLO HR::And just like that, the losers are losing by 4again..  Evertime they get close,they feel its nessecity to be turnover machines and try making these routine passes look like there so hard..   If rubio and co just made the regular passes the way u should, they might have about 10less TO's a game.. There problem is Rubio is always trying to make a routine pass into something cute...
Larsbars08::Relax man.
SOLO HR::jesus, these wolves are mad careless when trying to be cute with passes..  Who do they think they are?
wunderrr::a team that has nothing to lose this season...what did you think?
Larsbars08::Ricky Rubio?
Larsbars08::I wish D-Will was more consistent, but I have no complaints with Kirilenko. I hope they manage to keep him this offseason.
Nate_Dreads22758::Draft the best nba team under the salary cap:  http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-challenge3
SOLO HR::Wow, Minnesota takes the lead...lol  And  kirelenko and williams score hoops.. Its amazing! Now can they keep it?
