Thehorseshoe20::well, Indiana has some work to do, they look lost without Granger out there, and where is Mr we gave a max contract Roy Hibbert at? he has done nothing absolutely nothing in 4 games. and shooting what was it 32% from the floor isnt going to get it done. Hard to Watch
jordan son of lebron::if, If, IF the knicks make it to the nba playoff final, the spurs will just mop the floor with the knicks.
LosLobosKickUrBallsIntoOuterSpace::FINALS Spurs vs Knicks.....Knicks win and Camby gets his revenge
hookemzuniga1022::Still miss George Hill but Leonard is a Beast and stud waiting to explode.
rynospurs21::Also, its hard to play TP and Hill at the same time. Too undersized.
mkwan0::Hill was nice, but combo guards are a lot easier to find (see Neal, G, Joseph, C., De Colo, N., and Mills, P.)  than athletic swings with work ethic.  This trade was a slam dunk for the Spurs.  Traded a solid rotation player who had hit his ceiling for a solid starter who could be a multiple time all star (I don't think Leonard has superstar potential)
Le Asterisk::so much for the best start, now lets get  the title this year!
bumeri::I dont understand why people hate on the Spurs ... they are a well coached team, and have no media hyped players. They just go out and play basketball.  They bring in players and make them into decent talents to work around Parker/Duncan/Ginobili.   There is no question they are a deep team and could be the deepest team in the league. I would like to see Timmy D get one more ring.
mkwan0::The Spurs stand for everything that many fans hate-selfless, low key play, small market, no hype, no drama.  It is like watching Hickory versus South Bend.
srqman1::melo &gt;&gt;&gt; tim duncan
mkwan0::Depends on what you are talking about.  Scoring points, or even wining a single game, Melo is way better.  As a guy to build a team around, play both ends of the floor, provide leadership, and build a culture...well, I think you can look at Duncan's four rings and realize that even today, Duncan is a better teammate than Melo.
TheRydog3::You wish... Tim is a beast.
lol crying about the refs::I would love to see what numbers Fatty Melo puts up when he's 36 or 37, if he's even still in the league then
mikey3941::See last years playoff run and then rethink your statement about duncan.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Right now?  Yes, Melo is better, Tim is more efficient but can't play the minutes he needs to put up big numbers.
Le Asterisk::Check the PER - Duncan 6th, melo 9th
srqman1::Knicks = best team in the league by far  They will beat da Spurs in the championship series EASY
mkwan0::It is highly unlikely that the Knicks will be there in the finals.  But to answer your question, the Spurs will beat the Knicks with teamwork and execution.  If you go position by position, the Knicks look better than the Spurs.  This isn't a video game, though.  How the pieces fit together counts, and the Spurs are a better team than any team with Melo and A'mar'e will ever be.  I don't begrudge you enjoying the Knicks fast start.  Enjoy it while you can, we Spurs fans will sit back and just watch the same old story unfold.  No drama, no histrionics, just wins and a legit shot at the championship.  One day this will all end, but it is not this day.
srqman1::Knicks play better defense than SA tho  we are gonna shut yo @ss DOWN   try driving to the lane with chandler, camby and sheed all up in your grill
June 24th Is Kobe Bryant Day::Sheed?  LOLOLOLOLOL  Duncan has been abusing Camby for years.  Chandler is the Knicks only good big man.  Too bad he can't shoot to save his life.
June 24th Is Kobe Bryant Day::Amare is terrible.  Melo is wildly overrated.  Spurs are just as deep as the Knicks and believe it or not, Spurs are younger.  Spurs have a much better coach.    Getting the picture yet?    LOL, Knicks
srqman1::tell me, how are the spurs gonna beat da knicks  knicks are the deepest team in the league, by far  plus we got amare and melo... spurs got nothing on us
June 24th Is Kobe Bryant Day::I see Knicks fans haven't just drank the kool aid, they're chugging the pitcher.  Lol, Knicks.
WesTexSpur::You probably think the earth is flat as well.
Antsea91::Same old spurs fans. Whining about how the media ignores them and how underrated they are. 1st round exit incoming
mkwan0::It is possible, though unlikely.    You are probably one of those idiots who thinks that if the Spurs don't win it all every year, they are a bunch of losers.  The reality is that it is very hard to win a championship.  You have to play 4 rounds.  Even if you were a 2 to 1 favorite (and rarely are teams favored by that much) each round, you have less than a 20% chance to win it all.  In short, you have to be a blithering idiot to look at what the Spurs did in recent years, especially last year, and then dismiss them.  Aunt C, are you that idiot?
hookemzuniga1022::yeah that was true last year too huh?
Pan6502::Spurs NBA Champions 2013!!!
Antsea91::Spurs NBA Champions 2008! Aww.... 2009! Aww.... 2010! Aww... 2011! Aww... 2012 is our year! Aww... Well at least we do well in the regular season!
mkwan0::Yeah, Spurs have never done anything in the playoffs.  Are you really that dumb?  Did your parents have any kids that lived?
damann88::Charlotte fans can't talkshit to anyone
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::The Spurs do pretty well in the playoffs too....1999, 2003, 2005, 2007....
CarnEvil08::Early in the season, but we're playing well. Keep it going spurs!
pckrier::Great win Spurs.......if we keep our players healthy through most of the season, this could be a very special year.
My_Favorite_Color_Is_Taupe_Because_It_Rhymes_With_Dope::Im sure that the spurs only miss the playoffs 4 times.
leggoheatles::I started betting a system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made around 3K a month for 3 consecutive months now using this system. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching the words Sports Betting System.
slam_dunk_on_u.::Spurs won....what else is new.
CandySparker::Spurs' Spurt
HookemHorns1957::4 rings.   That's a spurt?
torrtis::4-0 and ignored by the media. Yes that can only be Spurs.
mkwan0::Well, the media reports on stories.  They won't report on the sun coming up.  they won't report on gravity.  And they won't report on the Spurs playing well.  It just isn't that good of a story.  'A team of selfless players continues to play fundamentally sound basketball which maximizes the impact of marginal players.  They continue to win games with a team first approach.  Film at 11'
Trev28nba::really 4-0 is the spurs best start in franchise history. I'm predicting they get the top seed in the west as long as none of the big three get injured.
HookemHorns1957::Same old same old; the media thinks the Spurs are too old, too boring, etc.  But, at the end of this year, I'll wager that the Fakers are still underachieving, and the Thunder won't be able to maintain a good Harden throughout the playoffs, and it will be the old, worn out, boring Spurs against the Heat in the Finals.
mkwan0::Barring injuries, the Lakers will be in the thick of things, as will the Thunder. During training camp, I thought that the odds were OKC 50%, LAL 30% and SAS 20% to go to the finals.  Now, based on trades, injuries, and what we have seen from week one, I would call it SAS 30%, OKC 30%, LAL 25%, and anyone else 15%
Hoeesayy::never understood it. the knicks are actually the oldest team in the NBA. the spurs I think are in the top 10 in youngest teams, but people seem to think that Duncan and Ginobili make the entire team old....
popdaddy1518::overrated pacers, this isn't last season
33aggies::very tired of seeing splitter on the bench for over 90% of the game, if we are going to get past a team with as much height/ length (Lakers, grizz, etc.) we are going to need a bigger contribution from him
mkwan0::They didn't need him, and this was a better matchup for Blair.
Kit Ramsey::Pacers SUCK, LMAO!!
ThisIzTicket::lmao ... scroll to the end of this video and watch how crazy this coach goes HAM on the refs.. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_qXkovk3ao
droppinknowledge12345678::The Spurs have SO MUCH DEPTH.  What an organization.  And with Popp aka the best coach of this generation...they'll always be a championship threat.  Watch out.
Orib60::Who loves the "here come the spurs" PA announcer?
thatcrossedtheline::When is the last time Indiana had a game with less than 10 turnovers?
trevie20::The spurs need one more seven footer blair is good but we need someone when we play the lakers or other big teams! Splitter won't cut it
June 24th Is Kobe Bryant Day::Will be interesting to see Splitter trying to defend Howard.  I'll give him 8 minutes before he fouls out.
Spursdc::The Lakers are done
droppinknowledge12345678::uhhhhhhh little premature...fates don't get decided in November junior....
19brom::4-0, best start in franchise history?????? thats crazy
Txboy12345::NYK go 3-0 get on front page of ESPN, SAS goes 4-0 and its like it never happened. I LOVE IT
Marsonis::Its cuz Spurs have been this good for going on 2 decades so its old news to ESPN
Txboy12345::but it's first time in Spurs history to go 4-0 :)
chuyla::Everyone go and check out  :     getawaytx    post  a few lines below.
soulfirecracker::Good game! Spurs looking solid early
soulfirecracker::Good game! Spurs looking solid early
THE_HULK74::That seems weird with all the good seasons the Spurs have had that this is our best start ever!!!!
sinbal::no one scored more than 20+  but as a team.. they scored more than 100.  How is this happening?
Chargers_4_Sale::Spurs are 4-0 with only 906 comments on their board. Spurs are just a boring basketball team. Win, lose or draw.
SASpurs55::as fans, it's our job to care what others think and rep the spurs...as for the spurs, im sure they dont like it too much that no one really cares as much about them as the big markets, but they probably do like the fact there isnt much pressure on them without all the exposure
THE_HULK74::Spurs fans just aren't full of hot air.  The teams play does the talking for us!!
sinbal::but no one noticed that Spurs  won 20 games straight.   They are so quite.
geraudg::meanwhile the knicks have 3 wins and 5 on 5's talk about them being the best team in the league LOL. spurs went on a ridiculous 20 game streak last year and it was some of the best basketball I have ever seen.  dumb comment.
thegetawaytx::One night, Stephen Jackson tried to stay awake, because he was too scared to fall asleep after watching the <b>Blair</b> Witch Project. He tried drinking some<b> Pop</b> with caffeine, but it didn't work. So off he went to <b>Duncan</b> Donuts for some coffee, but there was only one parking spot left. It was on the street, and he wasn't a very good parallel <b>Parker</b>. So Stephen decided to go back home and watch the <b>ManU</b> vs Chelsea game, but he couldn't get the cable to work. He had to <b>Neal</b> down to see what was wrong. He found that his cable <b>Splitter</b> had been chewed through by the dog! He had to rewire it himself, connecting all the wires, including the <b>Green</b> one. But he didn't realize the lines were still hot and shocked himself. He yelled, "<b>Diaw, </b>that hurt!" Then he fell asleep and woke up with a <b>Bonner</b>. The end!
chuyla::After he realized he had a Bonner  he went and found de Culo
wrduardo::Ka...whi would you post that?
amjbeatz::jamal crawford will try to go off on the spurs on wed.
amjbeatz::spliter and de colo need more playing time tho.
oneofthemfat::Spurs big competition will be against OKC, Clipps, and Lakers in West.
Army_Chris::What the hell is a Laker ;)
thegetawaytx::Lakers? Pfffffffffft!
water12345::WTF is wrong with Roy hibbert...looks useless in nearly every game this season.  Seems like he forgot how to play after the big contract....and the pieces the pacers added?  this team seems worse than last years team that gave Miami everything they could handle in the playoffs.  this was a disgusting effort.
Army_Chris::Manu had a lot of turnovers it was not that good of a game.. Blair was the best performing in this game.
water12345::hansborough, mahimi and anyone else in there played better.    Spurs look awfully good other than ginobli.  we miss collison...he and hill were a good combo at pt guard.
hjsportsed::Agree on Hibbert.  I will give him this game, but against Toronto, Charlotte and Sacramento?  Dude has disappeared.
SPURZWARZ1.0::Tomorrow is going to be a long @$$ day!
Tim Duncan Still Has It::Another strong game for the Spurs. Crushing a young Pacers team. Duncan has really impressed me, and made me proud with his performance this season. He only needed more minutes to prove he's still a star.
Carlos8946::prove?? he doesn't need to prove anything.
Tim Duncan Still Has It::Tell that to the Heat fans though.
amjbeatz::if pop can save his minutes if the bench plays like this, ill take it.
CmBigmacs82::Anyone else who watched the game wondering how Dejuan Blair played 11 minutes so far this season before tonight? Wow
CmBigmacs82::Yeah hoping to see more of Dejuan the rest of the season but hey who am I to ever question who Popovich plays, the man is a genius
bob.graff::try dragging blair around for 30 mins. he could wear anyone out
CmBigmacs82::Just look at the teams record when he started during the regular season the last two years, its hard not to like the effort the guy plays with
bob.graff::yep i'm a huge fan
7horns7eyes::Easy; they have a lot of players that can contribute.
7horns7eyes::Figured it'd be a blowout.
amjbeatz::spurs have defensive stoppers, blair, tiago(prone to foul trouble) leonard, duncan, jackson(not always)
152Dean::2 points by Roy Hibbert...wow
SPURZWARZ1.0::Rankings are like political polls, it reflects the views of the person or organization conducting them!
RespectThaGame::Spurs should be #1 in this week's Marc Stein Power Rankings.  The ESPN Miami favoritism is out of control.
7horns7eyes::To hell with the ESPN talking heads.
amjbeatz::i wanna see how spurs Defense will fair against high scoring teams like miami, mavericks, knicks. success?
amjbeatz::yup, without dirk they just shoot 3s, like spurs, with dirk thats more 3s. oj mayo factor.
thegetawaytx::You mean like the high scoring Thunder? Lol It's easy to be a high scoring team when you are playing garbage teams.
amjbeatz::true
SPURZWARZ1.0::Mavericks?
Booker403::Mavs without Dirk are scoring 102 so far
152Dean::Hopefully this game gets Blair back under Pop's good graces..we really need his aggressive play.  I like splitter but he is so soft.
SpursRealMadrid::yes please geezus
