sports4life9995914::FREAKIN CHOKERS LOVE AIRBALL RUBIO WTH THE BIGGET TURNOVER HAHAAH YOU GOT LINED - LIMBERWOLVES
miamidude1824::twolves suck
Rubio_is_spanish_for_a_dime::love is a good player you guys are just hatin and would gladly take him on your team in a heartbeat
raggja::Who cares? Love is a thug and a dirty player.
Metta_World.Hate::Love stinks
I_R_HAV_WIN::2-1, and <i>if</i> the mavs make it to the postseason the wolves will crush them in a series.
CowboysAmericasTeam8::t-wolves?..lol...funny...I didnt know they still had a franchise
89dmart::You forgot the bigger if........IF the t'wolves make it to the playoffs.
BenjiDOC::keep liking your own comments, son.
raven.5200::The Dallas Globetrotters. Nice circus shots Dirk.
miamidude1824::jealous?
DerekYes::Judy killed it at the table last night
DerekYes::im baaaccckkk lololol
md7152::Excited to see Ridnour get out of the mini shooting slump he is in.  Just a matter of time before he is dialed in again.  Go Wolves.
gianluchisti::MANIPULATIVE MATCH : toronto - boston     because BOSTON want arrive #7   and must pay $$$$$$$ for GARNETT PIERCE ALLEN ...     IN PLAYOFF one lost 4-1 or 4-2 vs MIAMI or CHICAGO is GOOD....   respect 4-0 vs PHILADELPHIA 76rs !!!     (my favourite team are SPURS , NUGGETS and SIENA ... i don't have cause for speak the false ...)   ( i live in ITALY - TUSCANY - SIENA - PALIO of SIENA )
gianluchisti::MANIPULATIVE MATCH : toronto - boston     because BOSTON want arrive #7   and must pay $$$$$$$ for GARNETT PIERCE ALLEN ...     IN PLAYOFF one lost 4-1 or 4-2 vs MIAMI or CHICAGO is GOOD....   respect 4-0 vs PHILADELPHIA 76rs !!!     (my favourite team are SPURS , NUGGETS and SIENA ... i don't have cause for speak the false ...)   ( i live in ITALY - TUSCANY - SIENA - PALIO of SIENA )
turboman101::Way to go Mavs
henryredskins::Nowitzki finally returning to his old self: http://www.loveboatsports.com/2012/02/lone-stars-in-texas-tony-parker-and.html
vandeman34::Delusional Wolves fans thought about playoffs lmfao Irving outplayed Rubio again tonight because he didn't get 4 TO on 2/8 shooting
jonnyd_94::get a life.  comparing Irving to Rubio is like comparing Rose to Rondo.  Two different styles of play.  I remember people saying how Rubio was going to be a joke and would be out of the league in a year, you must have been one of those idiots.  I love trolls, its easy to own you.
rockndoc2::Karma's a Bich
Darrensplace::ok ok. im late. too much fun (but chilly) in the west end. but can somebody... please... tell me... what a "Muskie" is...??? MFFL
I_R_HAV_WIN::How does anyone not know what a muskie is?  Do you live under a rock?
MNfreakTim::a muskie is a rather large fish. Muskie is short for Muskellunge. Most people call em Muskies for short though.
cocksncrocs::Good game tx. Glad you could beat the wolves at least once this year.
xsv2965::http://tinyurl.com/76wt37o
Aquardiente::JJ Barea sucks.  Big turnover machine.
89dmart::It's the system....JJ just fit in better with what the Mavs needed and wanted out of him. Roddy has much more potential and upside he just sometimes acts/seems like he has literally zero basketball smarts.
Dirk Ibaka::He didn't suck when he was in Dallas. HMMM.....
chauncey1fan::roddy is awesome
Mavsolute_Beast_41::derp
Mavsolute_Beast_41::JJ Barea sucks...so does Roddy...one down...one to go
time based::Thank you for your purchase  - Mavericks Fan
Scotq2::Michael Beasley, 80%, Kevin Love 50%. ya, good idea.........
bgamron::DALLAS MAVERICKS 2011 NBA CHAMPIONS
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Glad that Dirk brought his broom for the Wolves trollfans
MNfreakTim::I think you dont understand the term " sweep " or " using a broom " or is the education system down there really that bad that you now use the word broom in the absolute wrong context.
venator360::Massive fail there MNfreakTim.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::sweep and broom don't have to be in the same context you rtard.Nobody mentioned the word sweep...clearing up the trolls..that was the context for the word broom.pay some good logic teacher down there instead of fishing
time based::uhmm, love the mavs, but this is our 1st win against the wolves, lol.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::It was enough to clear some trolls from our boards
Way Klaro::I remember Ron Paul. The last American Hope!
Way Klaro::Mavs game is just the same story last season. I used to call Old Kidd, Terry stupid, Rick no clue, and Trade Dirk. I won't be surprised if they will get the Championship at the end!
ShiloInn1985::Wolves back to below .500.   I can remember a lot of trolling and crowing being done by a lot of very vocal Minnesota fans on these boards the last month. Nothing wrong with supporting your team but, you might have bought some bad karma with all that stuff.  We'll see if they can claw their way back. Ha. Wolves?..Claw?.. get it?  Ok then, carry on.
jonnyd_94::proving again some fans are delusional.  No such thing as Karma.  None.  get a clue.  Being excited that for the first time since KG stepped out onto the court that every night we have a chance to win no matter who we are playing is pretty worthy of some chatter.  Trolls exist in every fanbase, thats their nature and trolls from all walks of life have the same agenda.  to fool people like you.  So being below .500 sucks, but its better than our typical .167
Way Klaro::5k plus comments on NY game! Linsanity!
1234Mitch::How many more games is Adelman gonna start Wes?  The man is a bust.  Plain and simple
Jg2.o::mighty 10 you still here?
themightyrule10::what
natskivna::TWolves lost?    Yeah that figures.
XxLeprechaunxX::As a final comment, i would just like to say that the +/- stat is stupid and means next to nothing, it does not tell how well a player played at all.  KLove  -14 are you serious?  Also Tubby Smith needs to get his ish together soon.  I mean common its my last year at the U! beat wisky for god sakes! Ok im out peace
Way Klaro::You have to understand +- to appreciate it.
themightyrule10::coolest nba players  lebron "the king" james JR smith James Harden Iman shumpert
Way Klaro::Lin!
TWolvesfan4liiiife::My boy Hakeem Olajuwon
TubbyTime334::Ahhh you forgot the White Mamba
themightyrule10::nope
DirkNowitzki4President::Dirk Nowitzki last 4 Games: 24, 30, 25, and today 33  GO MAVS!!!!
XxLeprechaunxX::Note to mavs opponents, dont $@%! dirk off!, unfortunately the wolves made that mistake
XxLeprechaunxX::meant to say p.i.s.s didnt know that was against the "rules" lol
DirkNowitzki4President::Wish they could have started counting his average based on the last 4 games
TubbyTime334::He knows its Go Time
TWolvesfan4liiiife::I want to pick flowers for my girl on Valentines day. Good idea?
TWolvesfan4liiiife::I want themightrule10 to stop smoking weed
bgamron::I also just wanted to add that Twolves fans are bicthes and they aren't going to sniff the playoffs anytime soon.
lash0022::Twolves4liiife was the biggest tool here until bgamron showed up...
TubbyTime334::Wolves will be in the playoffs next year. Fact.
TubbyTime334::It is possible but will for sure happen next year,
themightyrule10::maybe this year??? they are still on the bubble
BigDtown09::All the trolls are gone my man, you can settle down.
BigDtown09::Where were you 2 hours ago? you're the drunk guy thats at the party too late.
XxLeprechaunxX::what?
bgamron::you can $@%!
themightyrule10::lets fight
themightyrule10::WHO WANTS A TARGET CENTER RENOVATION YEAHHHH BUDDY
TubbyTime334::Ya it needs upgrading.
bgamron::DALLAS MAVERICKS 2011 NBA CHAMPIONS
TWolvesfan4liiiife::Like this if you've ever had run ins with the law
Snakes_::lol.... glad to see you edited that one
TWolvesfan4liiiife::?
TubbyTime334::Like this if you want people to stop wanting people to like their things.
XxLeprechaunxX::im undecided about liking this post lol
XxLeprechaunxX::it worked lol
TubbyTime334::No i just wanted to confuse you some more.
XxLeprechaunxX::ah what the hell? a little hypocrisy is healthy once in a while
TubbyTime334::Haha ok take your time.
themightyrule10::like this if you've ever burned a hole in expensive basketball shorts then yelled $@%!, but kept on hitting the blunt regardless
TWolvesfan4liiiife::Like this if you ever wanted to snowboard.
TubbyTime334::When i read this i punched my Laptop in anger.
TubbyTime334::Ok you changed it.
TWolvesfan4liiiife::?
Snakes_::blarrrgh
TubbyTime334::Haha Good Luck.
themightyrule10::my fatty is burning ever so slowly
Snakes_::ah..... nvm... enjoy
BigDtown09::Who do you think smokes more weed, Minny or Texas? I actually think its Minny. Unless were talking about specific cities, because no city smokes more weed than Austin, except maybe LA.
lash0022::green leaf is big time in mpls and the western burbs...never spent alot of time in TX so I can't speak for them...
themightyrule10::per capita though-has to be texas. minny only has 5.3 million people
BigDtown09::Percentage.
TubbyTime334::I would say Minn. Where do you think B-Easy gets all of his?
BigDtown09::Lol
lash0022::weed is pretty big all over dude...obviously more people in TX, so unless you are talking percentages, its TX for sure...
BigDtown09::I'm talking percentages
themightyrule10::LA, denver, SF, portland, seattle.........or any other city in a state with legal pot
BigDtown09::Yea, probably true, but I swear Austin feels like Cali, it doesn't fit in with the rest of Texas at all.
themightyrule10::no no i understand, but the weed game is heavier in the west coast for sure....and colorado is probably a close 2nd
BigDtown09::legality is no deterrent in Austin, trust me.
themightyrule10::PICTURE THIS:  anthony randolph finally getting playing time, catching a game-tying oop and applying liberal amounts of his groin to jeremy lins face
XxLeprechaunxX::"liberal amounts" lol
texasrami::Heres a video of kevjumba with LIN pretty funny  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KymX-1GGgWY&amp;feature=channel_video_title
TWolvesfan4liiiife::Don't you just wish you could ball like Jeremy Lin?
lash0022::that's so cute how you put up a post, then wait for someone to respond, and then go back and edit your post to try and make the person look stupid...unfortunately, we can edit our posts after the fact too...you are an even bigger tool than all the other trolls on here...which is saying something...
lash0022::???
lash0022::...
TWolvesfan4liiiife::?
lash0022::will be at Target Center for Wolves/Knicks Tomorrow night, anyone else?
themightyrule10::if ANYTHING, rick adeleman needs to hit a joint, or 2.....
lash0022::I will try to pass him one tomorrow night :)
TWolvesfan4liiiife::I bet I could probably stick up for Rubio
PoRtEr_24::This said something completely different a second ago....something about a pooper :/
TWolvesfan4liiiife::Nice try
