Drew Emrich Thurman::Nick young ain't scoring more than 20 in this game
Ares Gary::You sure? I don't know Lakers can win this game but Nick Young now has 12pts!
Eboni Clay::I wouldnt bet on that...
Rene Covarrubias::yeah what happened to nick young scoring less then 20? ill wait bro.....
Taylor Manes::Bulls win this Easy.
Scott Baker::Yeah, looks pretty easy.
Taylor Manes::Scott baker we will win by 5 ....Nick young will choke..
Scott Baker::Taylor, how about your Nick Young choking theory?
Michael Scott Brown::Lakers are terrible right now, but even a terrible Western Conference team is better than pretty much anything the Eastern Conference has to offer other than Indiana and Miami. Lakers will have to battle in this one, but are fully capable of winning. Not saying they will, but don't expect some easy win by the Bulls.
Taylor Manes::Um you have Nick young and a bunch of d league playing players..enough said .
Alex Manzo::Taylor Manes That's true. Yet they still beat the 4th seed Raptors yesterday.
Scott Baker::Taylor Manes.......I hate to bring facts into your conversation but Pau Gasol is NOT a d league player. On a side note, your Bulls are losing to this group of "d-league players".
Kirk Sorensen::All this Bullsh--,  the Bulls are a shell from what they used to be-- Lakers by 10!!!
Kedryck Pro-Ked James::yeah about that......
Taylor Manes::We need to win this game..just choke Lakers you know you want to..Lol..don't you want parker?  Ok seriously we need to win..we are like at the bottom of the east right now..
Jonathan James Bresnihan::I can hardly disagree with you.
Taylor Manes::Jonathan James bresnihan I bet you're happy
Cheng Lor::This should be a good game.  Will this game be on WGN America or just WGN Chicago?
Mike Ockeslong::WHeeew,  I thought we were going to do something dumb and win a third in a row.  Thank goodness we are going to Miami next.  Hopefully Miami will completely demoralize this team so we can get back on track for the draft.
Hugo Medina::I know right real Laker fans understand that this season is lost and that the Lakers will be better off with a top 5 pick in this loaded draft.
Eric Young::lol you have no draft picks. The lower you end this season, the more PHX Suns fans start smiling.
Mike Ockeslong::Eric Young : Wow Eric, get with the program.  The Lakers owe no one their 2014 first round pick, the Lakers gave up 2013 and 2015 picks, not 2014.  The Lakers will have a their own first round pick this year.  This is the last year till like 2017 that they do have a 1st round pick.
Ricardo Rick Pleasant::Da Bulls shouldn't have a problem with this depleted Lakers team, but it depends on which Bulls team show up. The team that lost both Games last week to the Wizards or The team the beat the hell out of Philly the other day. Go Bulls
Scott Baker::When your high point is beating the hell out of Philly.........well, that pretty much says it all.
Ricardo Rick Pleasant::They also beat Atlanta and Phoenix. in there five game win streak. Boom
Jonathan James Bresnihan::Laker fan here. I'm getting very worried about this little win streak the Lakers have going on. This season is LOST, In fact, Kobe should not even come back to this mess.
Scott Baker::The Lakers do not tank ever. They play to win no matter what team they put out on the floor. It is a little thing called pride. The NBA would be better if every team did that.
Jonathan James Bresnihan::Scott Baker The bigger picture and the point IS is that in order for the Lakers to elevate and put this lost season behind them, D'Antoni first and foremost MUST go. And Kobe is not healthy period. Right now it's all about free agency this Summer and new management.
Scott Baker::I am just not a fan of a league where teams are playing to lose. I understand the potential upside for next year.
Paul Henry::Do you guys really think that play only took .9 seconds?  He clearly had the ball and the clock did not start.
Kyle Raymer::No it started on time.  It might have been a hair late on human error, but not .2 seconds late, not to mention they stopped it a hair late when it went out of bounds.
Steve Harvey::Augustin has denied us from tanking single handily lol.
Shawn Bento::Lakers suck
Tyrone Flowers::Can you give us some insight on something new?
Leon Debeljak::Chicago Noah...this is team is all Noah from start to the end, I'm amazed how he carries all the load on his back,he's prolly their best playmaker,don't get me wrong,I appreciate all the other players on the roster except maybe Boozer but Joakim is on a whole another level of play right now
Russ Harris::How did the Lakers lose this game.....?   Pau Gasol turnovers down the stretch.............
Ryan Jackson::Perfect.  Tank mode still in effect but entertaining, couldn't ask for more.
Laura Pierce::ryan, explain to me, why would lakers tank their season, when they basically have no draft picks for this upcoming draft? ill sit here and wait for your weak pathethic answer..
Alex Manzo::Laura Pierce It's simple: THEY DO.
Vin Turner::Alex Manzo No they don't!
Darryl Thomas::D.J Augustin has earned a contract for next year! The Bulls need to sign this guy now!
Jeff Dorst::wow...horrible out of bounds D LA's dismal season continues
Taylor Manes::If we don't win (bulls) I'm going full Jim harbaugh+ richard sherman.
Jero Moreno Diaz::Los Angeles Lakers & Chicago Bulls going into overtime. Go Lakers!
Kyle Raymer::Questionable foul, but still don't mind seeing OT.
Michael Egan::Lakers 101 to 96. Go Lakers even though we want that lotto pick still gotta keep Fighting.
Taylor Manes::You have no draft picks...also do you really think  David stern is going to let you get Parker or embid over Cleveland? You know how much he's in love with that team..
Laura Pierce::taylor..stern is gone for good february 1st...lmfao he has nothing to do with this draft period...and you are right, lakers fans are truly morons, they think they have draft picks to tank for..lmfao
Colin Imaoka::Taylor Manes Lakers have their own first round draft pick in 2014. Suns get their second round draft pick in 2014 and first round in 2015. Then the magic get second round in 2015.
Chaan Epps::3 in a row after this one. easy win for LA. the East is really really bad.
Laura Pierce::chaan, lakers are bad, very bad...there record vs east teams says they be 1 of the 2 worst teams in the east if they actually played in the east..lmfao Bulls are a much better team even without Luol Deng and DRose..lmfao
Hugo Medina::Please Bulls beat the Lakers they need a top 5 pick badly.
Laura Pierce::hugo..lmfao you flake lakers fans are truly idiots..lakers traded there picks away to suns and magic last year for nash and howard..lmfao try keeping up for once, they have no picks in this upcoming draft..
Colin Imaoka::Laura Pierce What are you talking about? Lakers have their own first round draft pick in 2014. Suns get their second round draft pick in 2014 and first round in 2015. Then the magic get second round in 2015.
Kyle Raymer::LOL, wow, how was that not a foul but the 3 pointer was?
Eboni Clay::Lets go lake show, keep fighting
