Rilwan Ameen::With all due respect to Indy, Spurs are the best team in the NBA right now.
Jeremy Lugo::WOOOOOHOOOO,  Spurs going for 15 in a row against the wizards! GOOOO!!!!! SPURS!!!!! GOOOO!!!!!
John Paul Wilkinson Jr::Look out NBA.  This Spurs team is much deeper than last years and you know how close they got to winning it all.
Nate Berg::Is duncan Playing tonight?
John Paul Wilkinson Jr::Have you noticed that as the Spurs are coasting through their schedule, they haven't drawn a peep from ESPN?  If it isn't controversial or spectacular, they act as if you don't exist.
Brian Garza::if you look at the spurs \ wizards highlights on nba.com over half the video is wizards highlights! you would think the wizards won the game!
Mike Wagener::John Paul Wilkinson, as SPURS fans we're used to the disrespect and so is our team.  It works to their advantage, I think it just fuels the fire.
Aaron Rooney::Where are you 5ammy5ammy5ammy, GrapeNutz, Frank Pistachio, Ustna9?  https://www.facebook.com/Lakerclowns
Cody James Dellinger::Rough night for Timmy. Can't wait to see the offense clicking once Marco gets fully acclimated.
Emil E. Matula III::The offense clicks just fine with or without Tim nowadays, still forcing the opposing team to defend for 48 minutes.  The defense is defending for 48 minutes on schedule.  Rebounding... well, we can't have Diaw be our biggest option again in crunch time.  Hopefully Ayres can help with that.
Blair Ritger::Another speed bump game for San Antonio.  104-88 Spurs.
Ariana Gamboa Mimbela::Ayers is the only player on the Spurs who doesnt look like he fits in the system.. I know its early but he looks like a waste of 2 mil....
Kevin Daly::I haven't been able to watch very much of them so far, but if I am not mistaken ayers is an actual rookie on the team right after college.  typically their picks mostly end up being Europe players who stay there for a year or three.  It will be awhile before he finds a niche in the rotation
Michael Shoffner::Kevin Daly  Ayers isn't a rookie right out of college, but I agree it may take some time. Not really high expectations though.
Kevin Daly::lol. yeah too much going on. forgot about that signing..was thinking it was the one pf they got in the draft this year.
Jared Johnson::Come on Wizards, the Spurs were just trying to dribble it up court. Bad sportsmanship
Kool Kev::Dam!!! Spurs won with Tim Duncan going 1-12 (2pts) The Wizards suck!!!
Ed DeSalle::NOBODY is Beating the Heat in a 7 game series! NOBODY!
Emil E. Matula III::10 point lead at the half.  Typical Spurs game.  GO SPURS!
Jeremy Lugo::Where's salami dunk on you? Lol
Melvin Hall::Lets go wiz
Steve Broome::The fact that it sounds like you were asking another woman to go to the bathroom with you explains why your team will never win anything.
Michael Martinez::Is it June yet?
Warren Sands::I kind of agree. I watch very few games.  I much prefer college hoops.
Warren Sands::I was at the game so I got a real good look at the action and I can tell you Timmy looked ...simply BAD.  Not often you can say that.  He was slow up and down and shot the ball like he was throwing rocks.  It's early in the season and Timmy should not be looking like this already..  But, on balance they got some real decent play from the reserves.  In true Spurs fashion they went thru a small portion of the game where they simply lost their intensity.  You can get away with this against the Wizards  but they will have to work on their focus when they play the top tier teams.  All in all a good night though.  One last thought, Aron Baynes just looked simply lost.  This kid is just holding down the end of the bench.
David Gremillion::So Timmy had one bad night, big deal.
Mike Wagener::Chill out dude, Timmy knows when he needs to turn it on......
David Sobel::Anytime Coach Pop can save minutes on Timmy and Manu and win with reserves getting all the playing time has to make Pop smile!  Another thing that has to make him grin is the dunks from Ayers!  That is what we need points we can bank on and not worry if a jump hook will go down or bounce out,  isn't that why we bring in guy's that are 6'11"?  We want them to impose their will with power!  Any news on the red rocket?
John Paul Wilkinson Jr::Still nursing his leg.  Day-to-day.
Savanna Bullard::I cannot wait to see ernie grunfiled and randy get fired at the end of this season. Why did they trade away for Gortat? Playoffs, what a joke. The wizards are one of the laughing stocks in the nba. Credit to the spurs for actually trying to win.
Michael Killebrew::Love Patty's game. Definitely an upgrade over Neal. I know this is crying over spilled milk but I think he could have helped us in those latter games in the finals if he was given more playing time last season.
Emil E. Matula III::I think Belinelli is a solid upgrade over Neal.  Can't wait to see this offense once Ayres, Belinelli and Mills get completely comfortable.
Michael Killebrew::Emil E. Matula III Well Mills has been on the team for a couple years. Pop just preferred other players to him because of his defensive liability(I guess) and match-ups. I see Mills getting a combination of the minutes Neal & de Colo had last season. Ayres, I don't know about. Thought we should have taken a chance on Michael Beasley. High reward, low risk. We need bigs and Ayres just isn't big enough or talented enough.
Emil E. Matula III::We tried that stuff with Drew Gooden back in 2008.  It didn't work.  Athletic ability and one-on-one basketball just doesn't work in our system.  Every time San Antonio sits back and tries to play ISO basketball, they score less than half the time.
Savanna Bullard::Maybe the wizards will get the kid playing at Kansas. That might be their only hope for the future of this organization. Another easy win for the spurs another terrible loss for the wiz.
Emil E. Matula III::Can I at least see one end-of-game isolation starring Kawhi Leonard instead of Manu?  Not that I'm hating on Manu, but Kawhi needs to start being our go-to guy in crunch time.
Mike Wagener::The SPURS are a steamroller, if health isn't an issue they'll win the West again this year and go on to win the whole thing.
John Martin::The bench outscored the starters for the Spurs and they held the Wizards to under 80 points. Balanced offense and outstanding defense.  No one guy has to do it all.
John Martin::OK it was the Wizards, but winning on a night when Tim Duncan goes 1-12 is good news. Duncan is at the end of his great career and the Spurs need to find a way to win without him.
