warrengfunk7::maybe Melo jacked his thumb up for life, and he'll never play good, again?
BS822::can u guys help me figure this out we got a 1st round pick from the kings if we make 8th seed and they are last in west do we still get a really high pick
kromo15::Dont listen to knickerbocker he like's to wear his boxers backwards
Knickerbockers.MTA::Yes.  We get their pick.
BS822::so cavs get the pic based on the record kings get
Knickerbockers.MTA::I find it hilarious that Nuggets fans are REALLY trying to compare the talents of Gallo to Melo.  I love Gallo, I hated to see him leave NYC, but he's no Melo.  The difference between the two players, and the reason for the "similarities" in numbers, GALLO HAS A PG.  Multiple PGs actually.  Gallo isn't bringing the ball up, is he?  Melo is being asked to do everything on the court, while he's banged up with ankle, wrist and thumb sprains.  Unbelievable how dumb these Coloradoans are...
kromo15::Gallo is still raw and has alot of room for improvement. Quit making excuses for your sorry $@% team F.a. G. you should consider killing yourself
raiderfan9960::Us Colorado folk with just sit back on our horses and be dumb like you say and watch our team play in the playoffs and you and your Knicks can help educate us.  Thanks for explaining the excusses of $@%! poor play by a "superstar" to us.
IBleedGarnetandGold15::I know its only 18 games but it is 100% inexcusable for NY to have a worse record then Cleveland
Knickerbockers.MTA::Agreed.
greengarden74::Tough situation for NYK right now.  It isn't always a coaching issue.  It wouldn't be the first time a team boasted a group of good players but for some odd reason the team couldn't win; then there'd be not just one but a couple of coaching changes only for the organization to realize the mix of players just doesn't mesh well.  And at that point the value of the players on the trade market is less than it would've been because they'd been in a losing situation for a few seasons.    This is why the Knicks should fire D'Ant sooner than later to find out if it truly is coaching or whether the mix of players they have is the real issue or not.
81WASIV::trade Melo
Knickerbockers.MTA::Coach needs to go... That'll light a fire under these guys.
denobsosu::Kyrie is the truth.....kid is going to be a top 3 PG in the league within the next 3 years.  Go Cavs!
Broncman17::That would be nice. Cleveland could use a little love after getting shafted by the self-proclaimed "King"...
SpikeLeeHeartsNY::knicks are gonna get a lottery pick
Broncman17::Which they'll try and trade to the Nets for D. Will...
Knickerbockers.MTA::You're an idiot.  Melo would have left millions on the table if he had gone into FA, meaning he would have been forced to sign with Denver or approve the trade to NJ.  Do you follow basketball, or did you just start following it recently like every other Nugget fan?
Broncman17::Yeah, just like Melo was in Denver. But Knicks got scared and blew their wad!!
Knickerbockers.MTA::Won't need to trade for him, he'll be a FA after this year.
Giggityiggity::In all fairness, Carmelo was taking a lot of shots that were pretty good looks for him; he's just hobbled and wasn't knocking any down.  His game is mostly mid-range jump shots and he needs to have a team, like Denver, that pushes the ball up the floor and takes a lot of shots so he can get more open looks.  That was why he thrived there.  The Knicks offense is just not very good, to say the least.  They don't have a good PG that can distribute the ball and Anthony's game isn't Bron-Bron's but that's what the Knicks are trying to play him like.  Maybe a system like Denver's will help the team.
HummmmBaby::I don't agree at all.  Melo thrives in a half court game, which is what the Nuggets did just to appease him.  On a real run and gun team, everything has to slow down for Melo to play his best, which ends up hurting the team.  Now that we are rid of Melo, we're able to run, and are the top scoring and assist team in the league.
Broncman17::Amen Brother!
Ryan 2161::Cavs have the Knick's number....  But let's be real for a second. Melo is the man
SpikeLeeHeartsNY::yeah hes gonna get the scoring title this year if he keeps draining it ONE point at a time
SpikeLeeHeartsNY::Im surprised there isnt a article where carmelo comes up with a fake injury to explain why he is sucking so bad haha thats what lebron always does or if he has a big game coming up against a good team he will say hes feeling sick before the game and hes questionable to play hahaha
HummmmBaby::You really think Melo would blame it all on himself?  http://espn.go.com/blog/new-york/knicks/post/_/id/10234/injured-melo-doesnt-plan-to-sit-out-games
pepe101245::Trade Melo and Amare for Durant and Westrbrook.
Dave5227::I wouldnt trade Durant for the entire Knicks Team!
pepe101245::Trade Chandler too.
SpikeLeeHeartsNY::not sure what team your a fan of but durant is untradable
SpikeLeeHeartsNY::that will happen when hell freezes over your trading two stars for a ball hog and a guy with gimp knees
SpikeLeeHeartsNY::Not a knicks fan but i hate seeing the knicks put all the blame on their coach dantoni do you knicks fans honestly think that Carmelo hoodrat anthony even listens to his coach really come on now im sure dantonie tells him to take 40 shots a game ? if you believe that your a fool
SpikeLeeHeartsNY::The Cavs flat out beat the NY knicks.........the better team won record wise.
HummmmBaby::hahahahahahahaha
Broncman17::It's great to see a budding superstar like Kevin Love keeping "his talents" in Minni. Timberwolves desperately needed him and now have something solid to build around. Score one for the smaller markets.
1mproperDancing::Kevin Love did exactly what LeBron, Wade, and Bosh did.  He gave himself an out after three years after his rookie contract ended.  The only difference is that Minny could have signed him for the full five and opted not to.  Dumb on their part.
nysportsrules::Knicks are not a well coached team right now, and are playing the worst team ball in the NBA. Amare, Melo, TD and Shumpert are confused in their roles. Fields is playing better over last 5 games and Chandler has been only solid player so far.
dabulls2012::Every Cav on the + side of the +/-...interesting (not every Knick was -)...
HeatFanSinceJuly8th2010::Knicks will finish 7-59. Book it
nycpratl::watch them beat miami tomorrow.  then lose the next 5 ...
dabulls2012::Wouldn't surprise me at all...the NBA is so much about focus and energy...
quickbr0wnf0x::Comic book, maybe.
D-Nice 3.0::the post below mine is so dumb i won't even acknowledge it by pressing the reply button....  Seriously? Carmelo for Pierce &amp; Keyon Dooling??? why not just trade Nene and a 1st round pic for McDyess again????
dpas569::well, stay the course and wind up 10th in the east, who cares. say what you will about Pierce, he knows 3 things that Carmelo doesn't: how to play team ball, how to win games, and how it feels to be a NBA champion. for all of the scoring that Melo has done, what has it led to? NOTHING! dumb fans like you are the reason people are sooooo happy the Knicks CONTINUE to suck!
dpas569::Here's the solution for the Knicks. trade Carmelo to the Celtics for Paul Pierce and Keyon Dooling. they get a scorer who can facilitate also and a solid PG. the Celtics get the guy who can create his own shot. both teams get better with that trade.
nycpratl::don't think doc wants to take on that headache. that organization is based on teamworka and selflessness.  knicks gain nothing with pierce who's very rapidly declining after a great career
nysportsrules::Phil Jackson could get Melo right, He did it with MJ and Kobe.
nycpratl::Doc might be one of the few guys who could turn anthony around. For all his negatives Anthony is still young and has upside.  Can't argue that the guy is a top 5 scorer in the league who can hit clutch shots.  Pierce in his prime was better of course.  That was at least a few years ago. Knicks go backward with Pierce who even if he's healthy is on a natural, chronological decline.
dpas569::if anybody can get Carmelo to see "we" before "i" its Doc. and Pierce isn't as shot as people are making him out to be. he was slowed by a heel injury early on and probably came back a little too early, but of late, he's been looking like the Paul Pierce of old, and not an old Paul Pierce.
broncsindeed::Man.... I really don't like watching 'Melo struggle.  Something is very wrong right now.  I watched him for years here in Denver and this is NOT the 'Melo y'all traded for.  I love the Nuggets and I always will.  Melo did right by the city of Denver in my mind.  I do not wish to see him struggle like he is.  Know this though, Melo is a hell of a talent and he WILL put it back together.  Just a matter of time
broncsindeed::Melo is a tremendous scorer, this is true.  One of the most frustrating aspects about watching him for years was the fact that he failed to CONSISTANTLY develop the rest of his game.  Melo CAN play GREAT defense when his head is into it.  Beyond this, he has great court vision and has the ability to see plays develop.  I think the main issue with the Knicks right now is that Melo is trying to shoulder more than he can right now (injuries, shooting slump) The problem with this is that the Knicks lack of quality depth does not allow for another solution......... I can imagine the frustration Knicks fans must be feeling now.
broncsindeed::Agreed..... but even beyond that playoff run, he was a consistent player here in Denver.  He went through slumps, but nothing like what he is going through now.  My guess is that these injuries are paying a MUCH bigger toll than he is letting on.  I like D'Antoni, but I think George Karl was much better for Melo.  George played a fast pace as well, but he ALWAYS stress defense and easy baskets, something D'Antoni has never been big on.  I hate to blame coaching, but I do believe the Knicks need a drastically different philosophy going forward.  Melo and Amare need high pick and roll with tough playing Bigs with iso peppered in there.  The run &amp; gun just does not facilitate either of them.  I think this has been dramatically apparent so far this season
Broncman17::Melo would have been a much better fit in Chicago where Rose would feed him all day long and take over when his shots weren't falling. But that wasn't an option
nycpratl::coaching matters with most players but especially with a guy like melo.  good point about karl's influence.  I too think that with better coaching he would elevate his game.  whether he would listen is a different question; still lacking maturity. and the mix of talent on the knicks right now is all wrong.
Broncman17::Melo is a very good role player. AT SCORING and that's about it. He needs others around him to do all the other things involved in winning. And that just isn't the case in NY..
nycpratl::I've seen anthony better too.  great conf finals run a few years ago.  moments of greatness.  but he wanted the bright lights on broadway with the big money.  careful what you wish for.  ny is a tough town especially if you fail as miserably as this team has since he got there.
Broncman17::I'm afraid the days of "superstars" content on being the big fish in the smaller markets are long gone. They all have to "take their talents" to greener pastures. Doesn't always work out tho.....
Euro-Hoops::Carmelo Anthony + Amare Staudemire should = playoffs (at the very least).  If it doesn't, you fire everyone.
15pur::Sarcasm is my middle name btw. I would never pin any hope on a washed up ball hogging BD
15pur::I guess they and the Cavs are fighting for that 8th seed...Dont worry when Baron comes back it will all be OK..
dpas569::you poor bast@rd. you're pinning your hopes on Baron Davis! how sad!
nbalegend87::If I had a nickel for all the games Carmelo has shot above 50% from the field... I'd get like 5 cents
D-Nice 3.0::LMAO @ _'Antoni ....
Jubin3567::can't believe the Knicks are lottery bound with Amare and Melo...at least you guys will grab a top 10 pick...oh wait...nevermind
sportspotpourri::There's really nothing left to say but, blow it up...again. Lol, this Knicks team is a sham and _'Antoni is a joke in the East.
jermlk::Ok, no more slamming the knicks as I am running out of putdowns...Here's your problem.  In order to be 100% effective each night, Melo and Amare need a grreat point guard, what did the front office do, they got rid of Chauncey, if ya'll would have kept him, you could of had a full year of Chauncey, Melo, Amare.  After this year, go sign DWill to replace Chauncey.  Thoughts?
sportspotpourri::Something to remember about Baron Davis. He plays well when the team is winning/exciting and the morale is up. When this is not the case, he checks out. Been that way his whole career. He can be a real problem for defenses when he is healthy and motivated, and a real problem for his own team when he isn't.
threalReginald::Actually BD might be a better personality fit for New York. I guess the main thing missing from this equation is patience from NYK fans. That would be a true miracle right now. Out of that whole Denver deal I always thought that keeping Gallo or W. Chandler would have been the only way to truly win in that trade.
threalReginald::getting rid of Billups was a huge mistake compounded by adding BD which is like Billups lite when you consider what stage Davis is at in his career. He is not going to be that electrifying Davis that could take over a game. At best he will be a good passer who can nab open jumpers and make a solid move inside every now and then. Billups is a 3 point sniper who can play defense and basically coach players on the floor.
nycpratl::you say you remember magic in his prime but don't know much about baron davis do you?  ask Byron Scott about Baron Davis in NOLA.
army of bono::I think the problem with Fields is the same problem with the rest of the team.  We need a leader at PG.  Bibby and Douglas inspire no confidence and are easily bullied around by the ego's around them.  BD would set that right IF he can get healthy and stay that way.  HUGE IF.
threalReginald::in the long run it may have been. Its a tough one because Tyson is at the Zenith of his career right now. I guess if I was a GM I probably would have done the same thing. Biggest Question right now is whats going on with Fields? I feel like I should be hearing more about him considering his play from last year. I'll go look up his numbers right now.
quickbr0wnf0x::With Melo and Amare, do you need more than that?  Baron doesn't need to carry the team, just facilitate.   And he does love those alley-oop lobs to an athletic slasher!
army of bono::So it was a mistake to pick up Tyson?
nycpratl::magic in his prime at pg couldn't help this team. stoudamire and anthony are not an effective pairing.
army of bono::your point above was he couldn't help this team.  that is just silly.
nycpratl::I saw magic in his prime.  fortunate to see him up close working out at msu in the summer.  I know very well how great he was.  my point exactly.
army of bono::sounds like a post from someone who never saw magic in his prime.  He'd help any team
D-Nice 3.0::ok, well, what if D12 signs with NJ? Deron will stay...  Davis is a stopgap... hopefully Scoop Jardine falls to the Second round and we can pick him up, beause Shump is perfect @ the 2 and Douglas is NOT the PG of the future...
army of bono::Couldn't keep Chauncy and sign Tyson.  They made the choice to solidfy their frontcourt now and rolling the dice that BD can come back healthy and inspired for at least the rest of this season.
mark35345::If the Knicks won this game they'd be talking playoffs. You're suppose to beat the Bobcats and the Cavaliers. It really isn't that hard - unless you're the Knicks. But baron Davis will solve everything (ha ha).
army of bono::Sadly, even losing this game, the Knicks are still in the hunt for the playoffs.
sportspotpourri::A game behind the Cavs in that hunt.
BobBobb22::Baron Davis - the 100-year old guy with the bad back.
intheghouse::Baron Davis, the Gary Sheffield of the NBA
jermlk::With the first pick in the 2012 NBA Draft the NY Knicks select...
Broncman17::We here in Denver just love makin' deals with the Knicks. Landry Fields is a nice young player. How 'bout Fields for Birdman Anderson and a twelve pack of Coors Light????
BobBobb22::Melo's in his 8th year.  He should be the veteran leading the younger players.
nycpratl::karl was good for melo (although I suspect karl would say that melo wasn't very good for his health).  he needs tough, seasoned coaching from a respected guy.  that's his only hope for success in ny.  if they can sorround him with veterans, with maturity, guys committed to winning with a history of winning he can succeed. he needs a better coach than dantoni.  phil jackson is a lot to hope for. left to his own devices anthony will never win.  doesn't have the maturity or mental toughness
Broncman17::Yeah, we will be making the playoffs thats for sure. Then we'll see. I like our chances to go deep. One very good thing to happen since Melo left tho. Coach Karl looks healthier and happier than ever (and kicked cancer). Coincidence????
D-Nice 3.0::^^^THIS....
nycpratl::broncman we get it.  you've got an intriguing young team, fun to watch.  but you're still junior to okc, lakers, mavs, spurs.  we'll see how you do in the playoffs.  you can make fun of melo but he was the last one to get you to the conference finals
intheghouse::LOL! Aw, thats funny
nycpratl::wish we had a pick in 2012.  traded away by dolan.  that's how much of a mess they're in.
nycpratl::hate to agree ...  Although Donnie Walsh should get credit for Fields (late 2nd round) and Shumpert (late 1st round).  Missed on Jordan Hill but Gallinari is turning out ok.
perrypete::its not like they would have made the right choice anyway!
nycpratl::Anthony is the Knicks best and maybe only viable trading chip to even begin fixing this mess of a club.  Maybe NJ would take him for Deron Williams.  Likelihood is that they're stuck with Anthony along with everyone else.  Stoudamire's contract is radioactive and his declining performance will give further pause to even the most desperate potential bidder.  Fields, Douglas have almost zero trade value.  They should keep Shumpert who shows early promise.  I suppose Orlando might consider Chandler and Anthony for Howard but I can't imagine why Howard would agree to that.  Dantoni should be replaced quickly but the root problem remains.  As long as Dolan makes executive decisions Knicks will continue to suffer.  Here's hoping for new ownership, executive leadership.
D-Nice 3.0::can anyone name the last Head Coach that lead a Knick team that could play any sort of Defense?  Hint: He's an analyst on NBA games...
nycpratl::statistically knicks are actually somewhere in the middle of the pack defensively.  chandler has a lot to do with that; not many teams with long, active 7 footers to protect the basket. what's missing is everything else. no teamwork, no consistency, erratic offense, horrible execution, sloppy ballhandling, very low collective basketball IQ's.  anthony is only part of the problem albeit a big part.
Broncman17::Can anyone remember the last time the Knicks were relevent?????
Broncman17::Melo sucked us into the void of the black hole with him. Along with all our hopes. Now the black hole has been lifted from the Pepsi Center and life is GREAT. Team basketball, what a concept....
D-Nice 3.0::(CHarlie Murphy Voice) WRONG!  MELO!!!!!!!!!!
Broncman17::One team has a killer potential for the future. The Knicks? Ummm...No :(
BobBobb22::Billups
D-Nice 3.0::or the Nuggets, for that matter...   oh wait... the last time they were relevant, who led them there??????????
jermlk::Knick fans have left this board to join the NYG board.  (I don't blame them)
paul2285::They're embarrased, I would be too
Broncman17::There comes a time when you just have to face up to the fact that you've been punked by the Nuggets and the future is pretty gloomy...
Bulls96Teambestever::MSG the house that jordan built.
Broncman17::Don't get me wrong, Melo's a great guy. Never met a shot he didn't like!!
jermlk::The Nuggets will trade a 2nd roundto the Chicks for Melo, then we will deploy him to the NBDL...To learn the basics of the game  i.e.  defense, passing, shot selection, etc...  He can bang around w/ Greg Ostertag somewhere in Boise, ID.
mdingus07::ostertag gave up his comeback since his knees cant take it..but i bet he could still be better than melo
Broncman17::WORD!!
dpas569::lmao! remember when they had Amare, Carmelo, and Chandler on espn as the new Big 3. yea, how's that one working out? and to think, i thought my Celtics sucked! this is the worse we've been in what, 6 years and we're still ahead of the Knicks, and this is their best team since the 90's championship runner up teams! LOL!!!
NoDogInThisFight5280::LOL.... I could have sworn you said 90's championship teams...I seem to remember a couple of runners' up when MJ was 'retired'...
NoDogInThisFight5280:::)... still funny either way you put it...
dpas569::didn't say they won, but they did make it to the finals. but i'll fix it so theres no confusion.
Asif11111::Did Anderson Varajeo really have a double-double?
D-Nice 3.0::he had 10 &amp; 16... Shame on STAT...
1mproperDancing::He's had a lot of those this year.  He's practically averaging one.  9.8 points and over 11 rebounds a game.
paul2285::Life is good as Melo circles the drain, -13 (+/-)on the night.  Is there anyone more overrated than that clown?
BobBobb22::Gallo was +30 last night.
paul2285::oh how the clueless refuse to grasp reality....ignorance is bliss
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::HAHAHA...ah, how the naive like to flex their "knowledge"
paul2285::Incredible........(+/-) may be the most important stat in basketball
jermlk::I am loving me some Denver Nuggets Basketball!!!!!!!!!!  92 points in the paint last night.  Thanks NY Chicks...Thanks!
BobBobb22::NBA record baby!
intheghouse::David Lee, da, da da da da
sespi001::That trade of Amare and chandler for howard NEEDS to happen... east cant just be a two horse race... it will ruin the heats legacy if they win chips
mdingus07::since when did winning nba championship hurt someones legacy...i see the excuses coming already LETS GO HEAT!
nycpratl::No one is taking on Stoudamire's $80M uninsured contract.  These rumors are silly.
blueline__123_x::much bigger issues for the knicks than trading amare for howard....you will still have melo thinking he is the greatest and he will continue to waste away the shot clock dribling around only to hoist up yet another clanking mid range jumper.....the nuggets tok the knicks to the wood shed with the melo trade
D-Nice 3.0::FACT: The Knicks were a better team before Carmelo Anthony. FACT: The Nuggets are a better team post-Carmelo Anthony. Common denominator? Carmelo Anthony =======================================  you wish it was that easy... Melo shooting 39% is a problem, i admit that, but it is not the main issue... the main issue is ball movement IN THE POST.... you can pass the ball 15 times before you take a shot, but the key is MAKING those attempts... where do you find most attempts made? within 8 feet from the basket...  and i'm sorry, but if D'antoni is putting emphasis on Defense, then he obviously doesn't know what emphasis is either... this isn't football, where you change personnel once you go on defense... their guys have to be 2-way players... and that means making your life easier on defense by slowing down the game and taking more HIGH PERCENTAGE SHOTS...
Man From UNC::He's beating a dead horse....Melo never plays any defense...never has played defense....
benothekid66::someone took to much medication today
nycpratl::What data do you use to support Anthony's defensive commitment in Denver?
D-Nice 3.0::???? you really know nothing, do you? Melo played D in Denver, and didn't even need to, and in this system, Defense is non-existent...  there's a reason LBJ never does well vs. Carmelo... he can actually shut him down...
_misterfurious::Are the Knicks going to make the playoffs even?
nycpratl::Almost a third of the way into a shortened season no evidence that they can beat the worst teams in the league at home.  Lottery bound.
1mproperDancing::As a Cavs fan, I think the Knicks have too much talent to not make the playoffs.  Sure, their stars are playing bad basketball now, but I doubt that will last all season.  Just like the Cavs would make the playoffs if they started today (I think...I haven't looked at the rankings), but I doubt that lasts over the whole season.  The Cavs are bound to get bit by the injury bug sooner or later (something more significant than Thompson or Parker missing a couple of games), and even if they don't they've got a very tough schedule on the horizon.  February will not be a winning month for them, and it will certainly balance the scales after a creampuff early schedule.
Euro-Hoops::I think they will squeeze into somewhere between the 5 and  8 seeds.  I can't imagine a team with those two not making the playoffs.
BobBobb22::If they started today - no.
Broncman17::NickerbockersMTA : You Knicks have any plans for "swiping" Gallo back from us?? Oh yeah, you can't. He just signed a 4 yr. deal to stay. Seems he loves it here!! LOL
paul2285::Gallo doesn't need to put up the big noticeable numbers, the only one that matters to him is the W!!!
jermlk::Quit trying to speak NBA stats to these Knicks fans - they do not know how to comprehend basketball.
BobBobb22::Knickerbocker told us to compare Melo and Gallo's numbers this year, so I did.  Hopefully he can understand them.  They'll pretty darn similar and I'll take Gallo over Melo the last 10 games for sure.
Man From UNC::Melo is the most Over Rated player in the NBA....
intheghouse::Maybe Gallo should take 30 shots a game like Carmelon
Knickerbockers.MTA::He's not a superstar... Compare his numbers with Melo's this year.  Even in an off year, Melo blows Gallo's numbers away.  He's a nice complementary player that I wish we still had, but he won't be winning any MVPs or rings any time soon.
Broncman17::We'll get him back in March. Book it! Just in time for the stretch. Again, thanks!!
D-Nice 3.0::lmao, you mean Wilson, who's brushing up on his mandarin? nice post, if it were last year in March...
BobBobb22::This season:  Gallo .474% shooting, 17.7 per game                        Melo .394%                 23.6 per game  Last 10 games:  Gallo .518% and 19.8/game                            Melo .341% and 20.4/game
Broncman17::Gallo makes his team mates around him better. Def. a more well rounded player. Melo? Not so much. Oh, and BTW, thanks for throwing in Mozgof, Chandler, and a top pick. Good lookin' out NY, we here in Denver thank you!!
damonhuntsville::neither will melo LOL
Knickerbockers.MTA::Bottom line, the Knicks play with no energy.  I personally think that's the coach's fault.  He can't rally his guys.  Melo's shots will start to drop eventually, STAT is showing signs of getting his legs back, BD is back on the court... The Knicks will be fine, but they can't score 36 in the second half and win.  No team can. 17 pts in the 4th?  Terrible.  D'Antoni has said it himself, he put so much emphasis on their defense that the offense fell by the way side.  That's bad coaching.  When you have Melo and STAT, you should never be hurting to score pts.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::Kyrie is very impressive. Poise, good shot selection and court vision.
1mproperDancing::Kyrie's a rookie.  He's going to have bad shooting nights.  And I'm not terribly worried about his defense this early in his career.  He's an athletic kid, but he's still working his way into NBA shape, and most rookies that weren't specifically drafted as defensive specialists struggle on that end their first few years.  LeBron didn't come out of high school an elite defender.  It took him about four years.
Man From UNC::And as usual no defense from Kyrie....1 for 7 from the floor....
Man From UNC::Kyrie's offense is not the problem....his man normally is the leading scorer for the other team....
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::maybe check his entire season? he shoots over 50%
Euro-Hoops::At what point are the Cavs going to fall off of a cliff?  This has gone on long enough. They are ruining my dream of putting Harrison Barnes in the same lineup as Kyrie Irving.
1mproperDancing::Have you seen their February schedule?  It's about to happen.  If they win more than four or five games in February I'd be shocked.
Euro-Hoops::haha, touche nccanes, I sweat I didnt see your post before I wrote mine.
nccanes73::Cavs need to bench Kyrie so they can lose most of their games. They need another lottery pick to become a real good team. if they could get barnes Davis or gilchrist they'd be a contender.
lanthony5::contender????????
FranciscoKern::Cavs are 7-10 and they've only played 6 home games?  You might be right.
Man From UNC::Cavs won't keep this up, the schedule has been soft to this point.....need to keep playing hard...
