William::Disappointing game again. We cannot get any consistency and now Jeff Green is focusing on defense. We need him to score. The rest of the team for the most part has been extremely disappointing the last 3 games. We do not know how to finish off teams. You will not win many games when you shoot 38%. Ainge needs to get rid of the guys who are not hungry. These guys are not stars but they play very lackluster. Stevens needs to bench some of the starters and give the bench guys playing time. If this doesn't motivate them atleast we will get a good lottery pick! Our division sucks and we are losing games we shouldn't. Indiana is a very good team but atleast put in some effort!!!
The Most Interesting Man in the World::Being a fan and watching this young team can be truly frustrating.  One thing I know for sure, Olynyk needs to be buried deep on the bench and used only for garbage time.  He cannot defend on ball or off ball and his soft game in the paint and far below average jump shot do not get it done.  If we were an up-tempo push the ball kind of team he might come in useful as he can at least run the court.  Alas we are not.
it is what it is::Lance Stephenson gets his THIRD triple double of the season tonight.  Haters can talk all the trash they want, but it STILL doesn't change what he has done.  And another team shoots less than 40% and scores less than 80 points against the Pacer defense.  28 team assists tonight for the Pacers, one shy of the season high set Friday night against Houston.  Granger comes off the bench and scores 12 points, gets 5 rebounds and had a block.  Up next:  tomorrow night at Brooklyn without Lopez.  Look for another "W".
John::The Celtics have a lot of weaknesses. The Pacers are exploiting them all.
Jon::I agree Oly-stink was another dreadful awful Celtics draft pick. We should trade or waive him before the deadline. I'm sure the Bobcats  or some other cellar-dweller would be happy to have him on their roster.
Robert::The Celtics are naked without a center. Lottery bound.
Mark::Hypothetically, if the players from the Celtics competed against the Pacer players for spots on the Pacer's roster, I don't think too many Celtics would win a spot.  Celts played like the d-league affiliate against the Pacers and the Pacers openly mocked them.
fcbonilla::A very impressive win for the Pacers and a stellar performance by Lance Stephenson.
Ervin::Everyone knows that this year will have the same outcome versus the Miami Heat. Michael Beasley will be the X factor for the Miami Heat this year. Expect the Heat to win their 3rd consecutive championship.
Nick::There's seriously only like 3 teams in the Eastern Conference with a winning record. What the H? Do you think we could only see like 3 or 4 teams above .500 in the playoffs? How pathetic this sport is. I think the NBA should seriously start thinking about their playoff seedings and just take the overall best.
