jg181837::Trading Rudy would be the dumbest thing the grizz could do
Ez Roc::Barnes and Landry!? WtF!,,,,who is hell told u that $@%,,,thats west coast gossip garbage and wishes,,lol
westcoast8691::Sorry already in the works: Gay for Barnes &amp; Landry...gonna happen...
doof54::Really like the fourth quarter lineup with Jerryd Bayless at the two.  Best game of the night.  Not worthy of an ESPN headline, apparently.
doof54::Dubs played well. David Lee and company did a good job against the best frontcourt in the league.  That shot by Jarret Jack while being fouled by Tony Allen was amazing.  Payback was Bayless blocking his shot in the final two minutes, though.  Good win Grizz.
1grizzfan4life::Way to sweep that road trip! Looks like a fire may have done been lit under their $@%!$. Great game Grizz! GNG baby!
tomcghee::great game warriors...
GoTigers2015::I wonder if Rudy wants to stay in Memphis, he's been here his whole professional career. He was there when we were only winning 25 games a year and now we're a team that has an outside chance of making it to the championship. He is overpaid, no one can doubt that, but to me the only way he'd score 22+ ppg would be on a bad team. His athletic ability to get off a shot against anyone is great and he's always left the majority of Grizzlies fans wanting more output from him. I look back on the Love-Mayo trade on draft night and face palm
shawnmercado::The Love-Mayo trade is not deserving of a face-palm.  O.J. Mayo was the consensus third best player on draft night.  Kevin Love was just a fat white kid back then.
Rutro Rowdy::.
Baby J.Cole::http://xat.com/ESPNPeople
Rutro Rowdy::.
knight_rider_1983::Great win Grizz and as always.............Peace, Love, and Grind
rede482::is it dumb to think rudy would take a pay cut to keep the team together?
rede482::but he is highly overpaid. and he knows it. makes a million less than durant
rede482::they really could win it all. Rudy played great tonight not by scoring but by playing team ball . i tihnk he realizes he doesnt want to go
rede482::i was wondering if it was even possible. the players shuld come out their pockets to pay it. or let rudy pay 4 of his own. would be an upstanding thing to do. id do it if i was some million/billionaire
motifman79::not dumb to think it... dumb to think it will actually happen yes..... NBA cant redo contracts in the middle of them not like the NFL
pedrobear1::Warriors commit 21 fouls, Grizzlies 17. Warriors shoot 20 free throws and the Grizzlies only 16. Stop complaining
doof54::Invisible foul against Marc 30 seconds in.  Two minutes in Marc has two fouls. Had to change the style of play. No room for complaints from Dubs fans.  Go Grizz.
seven72deuce::all the bad calls were on possession fouls, such as the two loose ball fouls in the 4th..
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::Neanderthals don't complain :-P
Billy8891::you cant blame refs for an entire game...too much can happen and the refs dont control players making or missing shots
Romney47percent::Another tool who just created an account and goes on all the boards and cheers on the winning team hahaha this idiot is a real TOOL@ zxcvbn2222
TOTALBULL..::Im so glad Warriors are getting out of Oakland and moving to.. the city of lights, San Francisco!
Amen Ra 1::Warriors need to stay right here in Oakland, SF traffic sucks
TOTALBULL..::Look out for 49ers... SF Giants, you know what it is!!
lostinsnow1::Someone tell this moron that the 9ers are moving to the Santa Clara...
motifman79::But now we got the Spurs Friday at home... fly to Dallas for a game Sat. then back home for the Clippers Mon. who the freak made this schedule dizamn
Nargash10::Grizz are #1 PPG allowed in the league..!!
Amen Ra 1::When does Bogut come back?? We needed him tonight
motifman79::paint points tonight 60-34 manhandled inside
tdvols13::Your pinning your hopes on Bogut ? LMAO
Amen Ra 1::No we doing great without him, we just could have use his size tonite
jzalvarado2.0::YES.. its games against Memphis and San Antonio where OUR ONLY HOPE is a healthy Bogut.  Against other teams, the Warriors match up well
snoopysdogghouse::with as bad as our shooting was and the bs calls. its amazing it was as close as it was.
ChuckGF::agreed
jzalvarado2.0::Perhaps if you had Bogut, you can bring some Weakside help on Zach Randolph with Lee guarding him. WWithout Bogut, sadly, I fear this team will run the losing streak to 10 games against the Grizz before the season is out
knight_rider_1983::This was Grit and Grind at it's finest tonight
zxcvbn2222::good game warrior fans..  take care...  hopefully they can get in and do some damage...
Romney47percent::If GS had won i would have created the name "Golden State Nation 841" i like to go with the majority u know ? Its why i just created this new account again ,,, i know i know i truly suck ( D.icks too )   ~ GrizzNation841
zxcvbn2222::if any of you watch the laker games..  its the same thing...the refs call everything tough on them.....the "story line" for the ratings is:  there team is stacked so call the game tough on them...its almost like they check vegas and nudge odds.. its weird... because if you think about it..its the one game NEVER called with consistency when a ref is standing literally 5 feet away.....and also billions of dollars are invested into sports..you think they would go on chance? ..
rc021363::Good game Warriors fans.  Grizzlies had a great road trip, let's keep the W coming!  Night all!  GNG Grizzlies!!!
dhelmic23::Maybe the grizzlies should have flown home yesterday several of their starters so they could rest up for the spurs like they did against us.  Hahaha
Grindhouse2413::I am fighting the flu but I just wanted to say Great win Griz Nation. 3 and 0 this road trip. Back to the Grindhouse Friday against a tough Spurs team. I will be there feeling well or not. GNG guys. Way to maintain the composure in the fourth quarter. We could not buy a 3 pointer tonight. HA, only two made. We hit a few more of those and its not near as close. Several guys seemed to tweak their ankles or knees tonight (Ellington, Gasol, Arthur, Gay) hope they are rested and ready Friday.
dhelmic23::Great win tonight for the grizzlies. Way to sweep the 3 game road trip.
knight_rider_1983::Lets go Grizznation  Lets sell out the Fedex Forum for Fridaynight vs. The Spurs
zxcvbn2222::yeah...    seriously though ...if you ever play madden...or some games..    where you can adjust the settings to make one team or the other better....    the nba refs nudge the game in a certain direction and make the odds tougher..
TOTALBULL..::I am a true Warriors fan... I followed the Warriors right after Baron Davis dunked on Jazz's Andrei Kirilenko
TOTALBULL..::Im from Concord, CA
TOTALBULL..::With Webber, Bibby, PEJAAAA, HEDOOOOO, and BOBBY JACKSON!!!
TOTALBULL..::Chris Webber, my favorite player of all time.. nicest guy ive ever met. If i was gay, id marry him.. or if i was a girl.. just keeeding
Amen Ra 1::Web should have stayed with the worriors
Amen Ra 1::True worriors fan since Run-TMC
TOTALBULL..::Sacramento KINGS!!!!
jzalvarado2.0::So right before Baron Davis jumped, you were a fan of which team?
TOTALBULL..::just kidding
jzalvarado2.0::motifman79 Out rebounded, Out assisted, Out stealed, 15 TO and Lee getting schooled by Zbo is the reason GSW lost this game --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I disagree.. 'Schooled' is what Gasol did to Ezeli for a good portion of the game (young center vs. Skilled Veteran).  Zbo absolutely ANNIHILATED.. HE RAPED AND PILLAGED David Lee tonight.
Nargash10::I don't know why people are complaining about Z-BO last layup. It was still close game no matter what. You play the game until its over..!
zxcvbn2222::one thing though..even though the nba looks more and more suspect after i read some articles..  im proud of the warriors i followed this team since 2005....and im glad we are going in the right direction and its nice to see a good team now......
Damacon777::I am most amazed how quickly Donaghy got swept under the carpet while every 10th game or so is clearly manipulated by refs.
zxcvbn2222::yeah...  seriously though ...if you ever play madden...or some games..  where you can adjust the settings to make one team or the other better....  the nba refs nudge the game in a certain direction and make the odds tougher..
rc021363::The Warriors do look legit.  Grizzlies had to work hard tonight.
kosports53::Randolph back doored me with that layup with 3 secs left. GS 2nd half -3. Wish he'd dribbled it off like most would.
WarriorsWarrior::Good game Warriors. GoodnightOakland!
GoTigers2015::Big block by Bayless that led to a fast break, that was a momentum changer
emthomasjr::GG by Rudy too 18-5-6.  The only thing he was off on was 3PT shooting.
GrizzNation841::Very solid. I wish he would do this every game. Marc needs to get back to all-star level though.
Romney47percent::Lolll check out the tool with " Marc" hahaha this tool acts like "Marc" is a pal of some sort when in reality Gasol would B.itch slap this tool all the way back in his moms dirty hole hahahaha
rc021363::He needs to bring it a lot more, his pt. avg is the lowest since his rookie year.
pedrobear1::0 TURNOVERS
tmoneyinmphs::He was playing against a rookie.  He averages 17 points.
emthomasjr::I missed that.  That is a sweet game.  Maybe the should threaten to trade him once per week!  LOL.
pedrobear1::we only won by 10 points.....blow up the core...trade rudy, trade zbo, time to rebuild
emthomasjr::They are just exploring options because of the impending cap situation.  I don't think that there is anything going at this point.
rc021363::I heard that the new owners are just evaluating how to get the team to the next level.  I don't think they want to tear it down.  But, I may be wrong.
TOTALBULL..::we will give you pau gasol for one of them
torrtis::Great game by both teams, definitely match of the night.
CAROLINAANNIE::Poor coaching cost the Warriors the game tonight.    Mark Jackson wants to use a set closing lineup whether the players are having a good game or not.  In the 4th quarter, Harrison Barnes gave the team a good spark.    After Harrison scored 5 points, rebounded, and played decent defense (blocked a shot), he was pulled from the game.  This makes several games where Jackson insists on going with his "closing line up" instead of being flexible enough to go with what's working.   The Warriors will need Barnes to learn how to close.  Throw the kid in there and leave him alone.
seven72deuce::this is golden state's biggest problem. whenever the warriors are down, he cannot leave biedrins or landry in. the reason being is that it kills offensive momentum, especially in the half court set. 4th quarters are often half court set oriented as each team tries to grind out the clock. the same reason why we lost to the lakers, kings, magic and denver TWICE.
CAROLINAANNIE::Who did he close with?  He needed to leave Biedrins or Ezelli to rebound.  Look at the sequence first couple of sequences after Barnes went out.  He needed another shooter tonight.  Jack was not on.
jzalvarado2.0::he was 'flexible' .. he actually had Biedrins/Ezelli in there for a couple of possessions late in the 4th.  NOT his fault that Ezelli just missed a gimmie on the other end WHICH turned momentum completely back to the Grizz
zxcvbn2222::the nba: where the game is rigged..   espn : where people waste alot of time...   warriors got some tough calls in that game....its all nonsense..
tdvols13::QUIT CRYING ! The Grizz are the better team and you know this MAN !!!
TOTALBULL..::well that last getaway layup by randolph was a foul on the warriors. it goes both ways
jzalvarado2.0::Oh MY FREAKING WORD AHMAD RASHAD is OLLLLDDDDD..  wow!
TOTALBULL..::monta ellis knows how to close out
Nargash10::He knows how to shoot you out of game in the first 3 quarters too..!!
rc021363::Warriors came back and kept the game close, they look legit.  Grizzlies need to pick up their game if they want to keep winning.  GNG Grizzlies!!
emthomasjr::I think that this was a better than expected outcome because the Warriors are good.  They need some more time to develop chemistry, but they have a nice inside out game to go with some defense.   Bogut sounds good in theory, but he will take some time to work into the scheme of things.  When he does, they will be even better.
Romney47percent::Proof that God hated all blacks &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; HE PUT PUBIC HAIR ON TOP OF THEIR HEADS!!
tdvols13::Dude you are a loser ! People like you keep this crap all stirred up !
rc021363::Your mom must have taken your XBox from you and that is why you are on here.
rc021363::LOL, Romney47percent.  That was good.  I give you props with that comment.
Romney47percent::Can't afford an xbox i still play those old pac man games
jzalvarado2.0::don't feed the troll.. he says the same s.hit on different boards
jzalvarado2.0::Dude I see you on all the different boards man... All you do is post R.acist Vitriol.  To think that this is what your life has devolved into..
Romney47percent::Actually i don't you idiot , first comment i put on here so i gather you are a moon cricket huh ? truth hurts? Thats why u black dudes shave your heads.. all that pubic hair hahahahhaa
GrizzNation841::I see why you have your screen name. It makes sense.
WFan5::wow
jzalvarado2.0::Again I REPEAT the fact that Biedrins/Ezelli played several possessions TOGETHER IN THE 4th QUARTER!! Should tell you that tonight's LOSS was MUCH MORE than just bad referreeing, but if you want to singlehandedly BLAME the refs, keep living in your delusional world
MR0908::If warriors get Bogut back, i think this matchup won't end like this.
tdvols13::LOL now thats FUNNY !!! Bogut LMAO !!!
cballou18::Unfortunately when the Warriors franchise has built a reputation of the last 20ish years as a team that is going to foul a lot the current team that doesn't is still going to get screwed and whistled for the most ticky tack fouls. It'll prob take officials a couple of years to even slightly pull their heads out of their $@%.
Damacon777::You think the refereeing was honest? Really? What I saw was manipulation of the result.
WarriorsWarrior::If the warriors had bogut?   bogut = gasol?
seven72deuce::bogut wasn't 100%. and it was the same game that rush tore is acl. go figure.
tdvols13::But, you still lost that first game so what's your point !
WFan5::Bogut in the game and the Grizzlies don't get all those offensive rebounds/tip ins
MR0908::You didn't see him reject him when they first played?
WFan5::and he was broken
