DeMar DeRozan AKA Kid Dynamite::Lowry &gt; Dwill DeRozan &gt; Joe Rudy Gay &gt; Pierce Amir Johnson &gt; Garnett JVal &lt; Lopez
C3H6N6O6::https://images.4chan.org/sp/src/1360503532023.jpg
C3H6N6O6::<a href="https://images.4chan.org/sp/src/1360503532023.jpg">Visit </a>
C3H6N6O6::<a href="https://images.4chan.org/sp/src/1360503470856.jpg">ha </a>
charlie7-21-05::I never new the Bobcats could beat the Pacers.
mmag_13::test
Antsea91::Hell yeah so far my prediction of kemba winning most improved player is looking good
earl.r.johnson@gmail.com::How's your prediction coming along?
arrogantespncommenter9::Upset of the century.
robert_96::Bobcats &gt; Lakers
TitanGM::Breaking news: "Lakers are trying to mirror Bobcat's last season. Will they make it? We'll see, but they surely are on the right track".
Bandwagon_Bobcats.Fan::Good game!! Our backcourt could actually be semi-formidable to at least keep us competitive in games all year, unlike last year where we lost everything by double-digits.
The Tall Igloo::Bobcats!!!
Willadunn::http://willadunn14.blogspot.com/2012/11/thoughts-from-1st-week-in-nba.html
_I Am A Celtic_::Gerald Henderson is a beast!
KingSaints09::Don't look now, but the Bobcats are undeafeated.
elcappytan::this team has alot of new faces...Def not gonna have the same season as last year
earl.r.johnson@gmail.com::You came close
4aseer::Don't sleep on Kemba, this is basketball country and we gots to have our respect back
Mizzle85::I had to argue with a clown earlier who had already labeled Kemba a bust. Paul Silas was just too old and out of it to teach these guys the basics of the game last year.
jDNYK13::don't sleep on kemba walker
Kobetta World Bryant.::LOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL idk if my Lakers going 0-3 is more embarrasing than losing to the Bobcats.
Mizzle85::It's a new year clown. Pacers won't be the only team.
Marek7476::MJ: We're planning to go 73-9 this year.
Blazelover13::Great win, Bobcats! But...you won the first game last season, too. Plus, it was at home. And against an overhyped Pacers team that can barely beat Toronto and now just lost to Charlotte. But, all the same, great win! Kemba Walker just went OFF tonight. With Kidd-Gilchrist not looking so great, Walker really needs to step up if the Bobcats have ANY hope at...getting NEAR .500 this season. But, still, nice start! Very solid win, Charlotte. Keep it up!
cgjthoma::Well we'll just have to see if the refs take the 2nd win away from the Bobcats like they did last season when they gave the game to the Heat.
Mizzle85::That was heartbreaking.
Mizzle85::Lol. Sorry to say, but the team is way too young to go .500 or be in playoff contention. And that's a good thing. We need more top draft picks to inject into the team. But think about adding Zeller, Noel, Mohammed to the squad that worked hard for the win last night and all the sudden the world is seeing MJs plan come together.
firehawk0917::they said that about OKC... while OKC has far superior talent these are nba players.. if they play hard and play smart they could be competitive.. but to lost horrendously all the time i cant see it happening this year..MJ was smart about relinquishing control to other basketball minds and just be a owner and not having the final say all the time.. Best to ever do it on the court but those types usually arent a good judge of talent because they expect people to be as good as them or work as hard.. those people dont understand the rarity of their personal talent.. which is kind of humbling but can be insulting as well
Hokies540Nats::Was at the game, really bummed how the Pacers played tonight. Regardless of whether we have Granger or not we should have killed this team.  Paul George has got to have a better killer instinct, guy could be unreal if he does.  Hibbert has got to go at the defender more, he didn't do that tonight.  Was really impressed with some of the young guys on the Bobcats, they're a couple lottery picks away from getting to the playoffs.  Game in indy tmrw, should be rockin for the opener!
cock2222::bobcats&gt;the world is coming to an end
SpyGateWorldChamps::<b> Did the fans rush the court?  </b>
Mizzle85::Lol. Should have.
torrtis::All + on Pacers bench and All - on Bobcats bench. Is this still the preseason? LOL
Kit Ramsey::Hey Pacers, i told u your team was FOOLS GOLD!!!
earl.r.johnson@gmail.com::Central Division Champs
bengalsrgay43034::Awe thats actually kind of clever,  didn't know bulls fans had any sort of intelligence.  No wait, you probably heard that from someone else.  Nice try tho.
jezalewski::Loss is a loss
lbcguy2000::Keep Kidd-Gilchrist (and maybe Walker). and dump the rest of the garbage known as the Cr apCats.
Mizzle85::The rest aren't garbage. They are either still developing their games (Henderson, Biyombo, Mullens, Taylor) or provide MUCH needed veteran presence (Sessions, Gordon, Haywood.)
tony spones::Bobcats &gt; Lakers  Records don't lie
Rdog_14::This is a strange NBA season so far
mj8648::boston and denver are also winless,
Blazelover13::But I'm LOVING it. Miami just got killed, the Lakers don't have a single win, and my three favorite basketball teams (Sixers, Rockets and Bobcats) are all undefeated! Great season so far~
VikingsForLife21::The Bobcats have a winning record? The world really is ending in 2012.
Jordanncheyenne091211::All i can say is the PACERS showed laker ability tonight you know what that is? SUCKING and losing games you should win
gouhuskies3::Granted Kemba always works hard in the offseason, but he should have been getting this kind of mins at the end of last year. I never understood with their record why they were platooning him with Augistine... let him play and develop and good things happen
Deven3091::MJ should have played in this game to snap the 23 game losing streak, considering the fact he wore 23.
bruster89::Why was Mullens 0-6 from 3 lol
Stevejw23::My thoughts exactly!
bruster89::Why was Mullens 0-6 from 3 lol
bradyandjrich::Kemba's the real deal...
shivyjr::historic moment the bobcats are undefeated
AvengedByCats::Funny. They won their opener last year too.
Mr. Bradford::They only won by one. Calm down.
kevmac114::Bobcats in first? WHAT?!?
thatcrossedtheline::Hibbert 4 shots, and the team took 26 threes. Great way to win games.
Mizzle85::You don't sign a man to a max deal and not give him the ball. He did have a couple of huge turnovers towards the end though.
SantaCruzBeastMode::What Kemba did for UConn is the equivalent of what Cam Newton did for Auburn. Only difference is that Kemba is mentally tough. If Michael Jordan made any good decisions as owner, drafting Kemba was his best one.
SantaCruzBeastMode::I just realized the irony in my statement: they're both located in Charlotte.
bradyandjrich::Newton's tough, too...just has a tough time handling defeat. Used to winning...
Mizzle85::Newton sulks like a big baby sometimes. But I still wouldn't trade him for anything.
RZA_CONSOLE::that's why augustin is gone..  on the bench with lin starting
Mizzle85::Exactly. I'm glad he's gone. Disappointing his whole time here.
Honey_Badger_Dont_Care::George Hill is not a PG.
supersportsman123::Bobcats are on pace to go 82-0
earl.r.johnson@gmail.com::What's their pace now?
RZA_CONSOLE::mullins = garbage  someone sign splitter
AvengedByCats::First off, Mullens. Second off, not garbage. What's your basis for this argument?
RZA_CONSOLE::bobcats got a scorer in gordon and pg in kemba  wtf is down low??  embarrassasing   boss jordan agrees
Appheel::They played defense and that was about it
HahaTowson::Bobcats won their first game last year too...
Mizzle85::Bobcats have a real coach now to instill the fundamentals in the kids. And fundamentals + Kemba Walker is what happened tonight. Easily the best game of his career already.
RZA_CONSOLE::sixers!! if bynum actually gives  a F&amp;&amp;&amp;
We_Cam_Do_It::BOBCATS WILL WIN THE FINALS!
Appheel::I tried telling everyone that real basketball started tonight. 1 and 0 let's go!
