erick21093::I am from the future, The Lakers are now the 3rd seed and a stunning 39-22 record team on there way to the finals!
maximumdvd::What's the big Deal?  The Lakers are now a championship team because they beat The 3 -19 Bobcats at home?  Really?  If this were the Heat or the Bulls, or the Clips, I can understand, but the Bobcats?  C'mon MAN!
eightbitme::Mini Mamba!!!
Mattdawg835::Clippers are still the best team in LA and the standings show that...get use to 2nd 3rd or whatever Laker fans
austin_grimes::Just wait until Vinny Del Negro fails in the playoffs. It's going to be fun to watch that train wreck.
boom.shaka.::That's like heckling fools at the Special Olympics....it just ain't right.
boom.shaka.::The best thing about being a Lakers fan is that "down" means a low playoff seed.  We call that a "bar" and it's really high.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Ok
DeezBrown::Turn your thumbs down clowns
Sittinsidewayz121::Kobe bryant FG Attempts 2012 NBA Season= 533 Rest of the players 350 See Kobe isnt good he is just a ball-hog
Lvking78::kobe doesnt make his teammates around him  better like lebron and Dwade does
austin_grimes::If Kobe's teammates were hitting more of their shots, we wouldn't be having this conversation.
austin_grimes::Yeah, because you sound like you know what you're talking about LMAO
austin_grimes::u so mad
Sittinsidewayz121::Not take forced shots like Grandpa Kobe.
Sittinsidewayz121::Both KD and LBJ have a much higher FG percentage but they actually PASS the ball for somebody else... thats the difference.
austin_grimes::It looks like you like numbers, did you overlook that one?
Sittinsidewayz121::Assists doesnt mean your not a ball-hog lol you dont know anything about B-Ball lol.
austin_grimes::Kobe is a ball-hog? Then why does he lead the team in assists?
austin_grimes::LOL @ that
Sittinsidewayz121::Thats irrelevant the point is that if LBJ or Kevin Durant had that many shots, they would make Kobe look like a rookie.
Sittinsidewayz121::Nope he is just a ball-hog.
boom.shaka.::Yeah, they should feed the ball to Barnes, World Peace and Fisher more.  Kobe is taking all their looks.
austin_grimes::Hmmmm, maybe it's because the rest of the players haven't had the confidence in the new system to put up shots. The numbers don't always tell the story.
Mattdawg835::The Hornets and the Bobcats are putting a product on the floor that is not worth 5 bucks to watch
Mattdawg835::The Bobcats need to go away!...so does the Hornets! time to drop the two teams...sorry MJ but you suck!
sunderland13::so does the hornets? yeah spell check b4 u talk sh*t bro
austin_grimes::Why is a reporter asking Coach Brown about Blake Griffin's dunk which was days ago after a Lakers/Bobcats game? That guy should get fired.
yeshi2424::NOBODY LISTEN TO "SITTINSIDEWAYZ" HES A RE TARDED FU CKIN IDIOT THAT DOESN'T KNOW SHI T ABOUT BASKETBALL, HE JUST KNOWS PLAYERS THAT ARE GOOD AND JUST GOES WITH THAT TEAM WHOEVER HAS THE MOST "GOOD" PLAYERS ON IT. ------ YOUR A FUC KIN MORON YOU DO REALIZE THAT RIGHT? GET OFF THIS LAKERS BLOG IF YOU HATE THEM SO MUCH GO FIND A RAINBOW BLOG IM SURE YOU'D FIT RIGHT IN THERE.
Sittinsidewayz121::Lakers wont get past any good teams they are all older than a rusty nail.
yeshi2424::PRETTY SURE WE GOT PAST THE CLIPPERS AND THE MAVS ALREADY ONCE THIS YEAR. WHO SAYS WE CAN'T DO IT AGAIN IF WE ALREADY DID IT? UR A FUC KING $@%!$@ AREN'T YOU? GET BACK INTO YOUR WHEELCHAIR MISTER RIGHT NOW!!!!!!
boom.shaka.::They're not all old, they're just old at all the wrong spots.
yeshi2424::rondo for fisher and barnes and steve blake
austin_grimes::This trade happens if you're playing NBA2K12 and you force your little brother to press the "accept trade" button.
boom.shaka.::When did Isiah Thomas take over in Boston?
yeshi2424::nah the only 1 i would want is cp3
mirrorsaw1000::The Clippers could trade us one of their 3 pg's if they were feeling nice.
yeshi2424::rondo or deron
yeshi2424::andrew goudelock should be starting in front of derrick fisher or matt barnes
Sittinsidewayz121::Lakers wont get Deron Williams. nor Dwight nobody wants to play for that senior citizen team.
yeshi2424::@sittinsidewayz- YOUR A FU CKIN IDIOT B/C YOU SAID UTAH WILL BASH THE LAKERS IN A 7 GAME SERIES.. THAT SHOWS HOW FU CKIN STUPID YOU REALLY ARE. NOBODY SAYS THAT EXCEPT YOU. SO YOU KNOW ALL THE ANSWERS? NEXT YOUR GOING TO SAY THAT THE SUNS WOULD BASH THE HEAT IN A 7 GAME SERIES LMFAO!!!!!! HOW OLD ARE YOU 3? LEARN SOME BASKETBALL THEN COME BACK ON HERE YOU FU CK
yeshi2424::grandpa kobe? i didn't know 33 was grandpa age but ok. you folk keep sayin this dude is to old to play... last time i checked he's leading the league in scoring this year. not lebron. not durant. not wade. not anybody. kobe might be old, but hes one hell of a basketball player
Sittinsidewayz121::One hell of the a player... yep he takes 200 more field goal attempts than the average basketball player this year.... So call him what you want.
yeshi2424::utah is weak as fuc k this year... and dallas wouldn't get past LA in a 7 game series we have to much experience on our roster compared to half the other teams in the west.
yeshi2424::fa g g o t- i figured you were a mavs fan b/c you sittin on their di ck super hard
Sittinsidewayz121::Idiot I never said I was a Mavs fan, man you guys are really dumb as they alll say you are......
yeshi2424::ummmmmmm last year is completely different than this year. your boy dirk is hurting all over the place, jason kidd is 91 years old now, no j j barea who basically gave you guys all the wins last year.
yeshi2424::ummmm that was last year, and the refs were bought off. this is a new year pal, check your calendar.
Sittinsidewayz121::Umm last year you didint even come close? Face it if Dallas sucks... La must be a joke.
Sittinsidewayz121::Yes, the Lakers are old men who wont contain LA or all of their fast YOUTH.....
yeshi2424::ok but you can't say anything to change the fact that all those dunks still are only worth 2 pts. who is going to make your 3's? cp3? lmfao!!!!!!!! we have kapono, bryant, barnes, fisher, goudelock, etc who can all make 3's not metta though he sucks a s s
Sittinsidewayz121::Clippers are WAY better than the Fakers and you know it... you cant say anything to change the fact the the Clippers will be hanging on your rim and making the Fakers look like Clowns.
yeshi2424::what about lamarcus aldridge????????????? and the clippers lost one and won one to the lakers so you don't know shi t whats going to happen in the playoffs. the clips might not even make it, the way they are playin hard every game they are gonna be all beat to fuc kin shi t when they get to the playoffs
Sittinsidewayz121::First of all I meant LaMarcus Aldridge...... and second the clippers would make the Lakers into a joke in a 7 game series.
yeshi2424::Lakers are old men who won't contain LA or all of their fast youth? wtf does that even mean? we own LA, not the clippers. We should just let cp3 lob all night and just sit at the 3 pt line so they can't get no 3's. the only thing they get is dunks from blake who is not that great. he can jump? ok so can the rest of the players in the league
yeshi2424::@sittinsidewayz- you still haven't explained yourself that you think portland would beat the lakers in a 7 game series?
yeshi2424::utah? hell the fu ck no. dallas is shi t this year and you fuc kin know it
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Yeah he was reaching for Utah.
yeshi2424::@cadillac- im a die hard lakers fan, but OKC is going to be a tough battle if we see them in a 7 game series. and denver.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::I only asked for teams who're more attractive to FA than LAL, but once the Playoffs start, there is no real advante over any team in the west. Mavs = OKC = SA = Portland = Clippers = Lakers, etc...
Sittinsidewayz121::Clippers,Mavs,Okc,Portland,Denver,Utah,San Antonio, well got 7
lakersfan2k7::i bet u was saying this nonsense before the lakers won the championship 2 seasons straight right?
Sittinsidewayz121::Grandpa Kobe is going to carry your dump team through play-offs again? Nah...
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Kobe is old, but far from being an average player. Artest and Fisher maybe rolling over the hill but that's about it. The problem for the Lakers is Mike Brown's offense. Not so much age.
yeshi2424::dallas still doesn't have kobe though.... thats one thing you can't deny. man i just hope LA faces dallas again this year in the playoffs so we can dismantle their whole team
Sittinsidewayz121::And the Lakers found the fountain of youth? Spare me. Mavericks are a better team than the Lakers right now.
yeshi2424::so whats your point? all good players are from dallas?
Sittinsidewayz121::Portland are better than the Lakers... Lakers shouldnt even be in play-offs because they will just exist in the 1st round anyways lol
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Dallas will have the money, But their Roster is just as old with Dirk, Marion, Terry, Heywood, etc...
yeshi2424::portland? lmao!!!!!!!!!!!! you lost your mind now? you better go find it
Sittinsidewayz121::And Deron is also from Dallas......
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Mavs and maybe Portland and SA are the only teams that have the $$$ and room to outbid the Lakers for any good players coming up.
Sittinsidewayz121::Lakers are out of contention right now. There are other teams that are better of than the Lakers that can get Deron which he probably will join.
yeshi2424::but he will give us at least double digit assists and a lot more pts that ron would ever do for us. regardless of his defense rondo would be a better choice all day.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Rondo is like Artest, he can pass the ball better but his Defense is subpar compared to Ron's
yeshi2424::id rather have rondo that deron williams
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Name 8 teams in the West that are better than the Lakers right now
yeshi2424::fu ck deron williams how bout that?
yeshi2424::@ sittinsidewayz- you know nothing of basketball obviously. ever heard of collective bargaining?
yeshi2424::ya but if we are willing to spend money, that doesn't matter at the end of the day b/c david stern will be a fa g and just veto it again. that is if mark cuban decides he wants to be a $@%!$@ bag again.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Relax, the guy is only saying what he hopes happen. Lakers are a team that's willing to spend to win, Any player looking for $$$ and a contender want's that, which is why the Lakers always have good players.
Sittinsidewayz121::Ok you guys can talk, but you will crying on these boards when your left with 37 year old Fischer... Its ok..
Sittinsidewayz121::Shaq left? your point? Nobody wants to play for a washed up 40 year old man team.
kobebetterthanbron::Lakers always get star players, players want to play there! See Shaq, Kareem etc throughout history!
kobebetterthanbron::Why isn't Devin Ebanks starting at the small forward spot???? He plays about 3 minutes last night and goes 2-2 for 4 points, he started the first 2 games of the season and was 4-5 and 3-4 shooting respectively. Meanwhile Metta is complete GARBAGE and should be amnestied and Barnes is very inconsistent. Please start Ebanks now!!
yeshi2424::andrew goudelock is wayyyyyy better than ebanks could ever dream of being you should look andrew up on youtube and see where that dude was shooting from.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Artest is still great defensivly, his offense will just never be what you want it to be. Lakers just need more production from the second unit
yeshi2424::meant to say metta world peace
yeshi2424::hell no, we need to trade artest for KG or steve nash
Cadillac_Too_Cold::He's never been a good shooter. I blame the coaching for not running plays to get him in the game early. He's was able to score in Indiana and Chicago. But would you rather substitute good defense for marginal scoring?
kobebetterthanbron::His shooting is atrocious! He cannot make wide open shots, Ebanks can although he is not as good defensively.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::MJ just runs the Bobcats like his shoe company, selling people a $12 product for $180
42Wolverine21::lebron&gt;kobe
yeshi2424::lebron = shi t on the bottom of my shoe
ZachC1965::I think you meant lebron &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; kobe
42Wolverine21::LA don got no dignity they don even got proper toilets at the games peeps be goin dudu all over the place
ZachC1965::Kobe + 8   Several other Lakers: More than + 20!!  L.A. might actually be better if they cut Kobrick.
xrobologyx::MJ is God in my book, but I have to say .... that roster is horrendous.  Hang it up Mike, you can't win um all.
ZachC1965::If this keeps up, Jordan should quit to G.M. a minor-league baseball team.
Kobethamvp24x::Andrew Goudelock is officially a laker! That kids been going ham lately.
Goldfinger5887::What was Jordan thinking when he bought the %$&amp;% Bobcats??  Buy a BETTER team!!
sunderland13::yeah the bobcats were the 7th seed in the playoffs then MJ turned us into a joke
Rosstafarian5371::If you haven't noticed the Bobcats are the way they are because of MJ? one terrible roster move after the next... Thanks Micheal!
DeezBrown::Kapano and Murphy need to play like this every night. Give us 8-10 points a piece and keep your defender honest by knocking down that jumper so the post player can go one on one. Ball movement was great. I know this was a sorry team but use this win as a blue print to what needs to be done to have success.
Goldfinger5887::Why in the ^%% did Jordan buy the Bobcats??  Buy a BETTER team!!
gmskking::3rd quarter again!
Goldfinger5887::Sorry this win doesn't really count..........The Bobcats are one, if not the worst team in the NBA...........
Rosstafarian5371::Good job captain obvious!
jcmaggi::Yea they're one of the worst teams in the NBA and the Lakers stomped them by 33..........I dunno how the win doesn't count
jbrown2452::Whatev... A win is a win bro... I'll take it, even when it's "supposed" to happen...
boom.shaka.::Yes, but the Lakers crushed them as they were supposed to so we'll take it.  A 8-12 point win on the other hand would be a MAJOR red flag.
jcmaggi::On the plus side, 1/3 of the Lakers season is in the books and despite playing awful in stretches, the Lakers are 4.5 games back from the 1st seed in the west.
twentyanite::happens every year. in 08 1-8 were seperated by 3 games. it was crazy
boom.shaka.::Honestly, I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.  The Lakers play in a weak division and the end of the schedule is loaded with sub-.500 teams.  That means the Lakers still have a shot at winning the Pacific and getting a 3 seed.....but they would still need a lot of help to advance out of the West, so getting a high seed may just be fool's gold.  It may be better in the long run for them to miss the playoffs this year and add a lottery pick to the #1 they got for Odom.  They could package those two for a top 3 pick in what is considered a deep draft and gamble on picking up a star of the future while filling the role-playing gaps via free agency.
_misterfurious::Bobcats have surpassed the Wizards as the worst team in the league.  Nice job MJ.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::What's even worse is that the Wizards still haven't recovered from MJ
jcmaggi::Tough question for Brown is what does he do when Blake comes back? I think Goudelock is a perfect fit for the second unit because he will actually pull the trigger and he's got some good moves which is the type of scorer they need for the second unit.
twentyanite::i dont like gouldlock.  he shouldnt be playing. he is a knock down shooter and could be a good player down the road but to ask him to play and contribute right now is unfair. we need to go and sign jr smith. he is the explosive guard we need to play along side kobe. artest and barnes have been bad. move kob to the 3 and play smith with him for the majority of the game.
boom.shaka.::Goudelock admitted he's playing the point for the first time, which is why I still prefer Blake over him.  Still, I see enough poise and confidence from Goudelock that I'm willing to let him break a few eggs while he learns on the job....just send Morris to the D-League - he's not ready for the NBA.
jbrown2452::JR Smith is the definition of streaky. The only difference in him and Steve Blake is that Blake is streaky with the 5 three's he'll take a game. Smith is streaky in that he'll go off for 20 one night and 5 the next... We need some consistency.. Kobe's the only one that's been consistent on this team in a good way..
jbrown2452::Steve Blake will do what he does and be streaky.. I was excited for him to come to LA last year.. But he can't knock down a wide open three 60% of the time.. he needs to facilitate and then Goudelock can share being main scorer of the second unit...
jbrown2452::Boom - yeah I like that idea... I like Fish in the crunch offensively.. The only thing I don't like is that he's a serious liability on D.. That makes me debate whether I want him in the crunch...
boom.shaka.::@jbrown--Honestly?  No. Fish has mad love around the organization and in that locker room.  I'd just like to limit his minutes to crunch time and let the young legs run the 1st and 3rd quarters.
jbrown2452::You think they would do D Fish like that? I mean I can see it.. But from a PG standpoint.. they all seem to be on the same plane...
boom.shaka.::Agreed about Blake, but I'd just as soon see him and Goudeluck at the PG and only bring in Fisher as a filler.
jcmaggi::West is going to be interesting, only 5.5 games separate the #1 team and the #10 team.
twentyanite::was good to see the lakers put somebody away in the 1st half. hasnt happened all year. i know it was charlotte but if a team is bad you are supposed to beat them like they are bad. we did that. the recipe is simple. kobe is good for 27-30. we all know that. if bynum and gasol can be at 18 to 20 points a nite and 10 rebounds a piece we will be in the mix for the wcf. if not expect a 1st round exit.
jcmaggi::Kobe is 70 points away from surpassing Shaq
jbrown2452::He could pass that in two games..
Saints8365::He is a beast!
Rambomonster9::Kobe started off very hot.  good for him.  then he cooled off and still kept jacking up shots when he should have been feeding the post.  lakers were only +10 with kobe on court.  FACT: they did better off without him.  as a laker fan i say trade him.  kobe=cancer
kobebetterthanbron::You are not a Laker fan if you hate Kobe who is one of the 3 greatest Lakers EVER FACT! Rambomonster needs to find another team to root for! That is like saying you are a Pats fan but hate Brady! How stupid is that!!!
jcmaggi::I did like the combination of Goudelock, Kapono, Barnes, Murphy and Bynum, with Goudelock on the floor with Bynum (atleast offensively), you can go inside out and you have a gunner that can score and then you have four long range bombers that can spread the floor (kind of like how Orlando has a bunch of three point shooters around Howard--except with the Lakers it's the back up squad)
jcmaggi::Well if you look at each of their career numbers, Murphy and Kapono and are career 40% three point shooters (Murphy is 39% and Kapono is a 43.5%) Barnes is a 33% career shooter and Goudelock is at 43% for the season (small sample size, we'll see where he ends up).
_mongo__slade_::The question is whether them hitting those outside jumpers is a trend or an aberration?
spongehead24::kobe doesn't have much trade value. old and steep contract. but in LA he is still top 5... plus is Bynum and Gasol act right they can win one more. D Fish is the weak link! need a good guard. Connley. Ty Lawson. John Wall. anyone...
_mongo__slade_::They won by 33 points. This was nothing more than a glorified scrimmage. Calm down.
jcmaggi::someone started drinking that haterade early
boom.shaka.::I guess there's always one in every group....
Rambomonster9::nice 3 pt % kobes
Rambomonster9::?.......true...
nba is the worst::Actually, Kobe is a Leo.
HeatFanSinceJuly8th2010::Heatles could be the LOLkers by 50 any night. FACT.
nba is the worst::They could be?
boom.shaka.::Agreed.  One made up team could easily crush another made up team.
nycpratl::Fascinating to watch Jordan's incompetence as an executive contrasted to his greatness as a player.
_mongo__slade_::Never liked MJ as a player &amp; thoroughly enjoy seeing his total failure in management.
ACandOJ::At the end of the day....they are shoes.  $180.00 for shoes is crazy.  I have liked a few of them &amp; I think bought maybe one new pair in my life.  Give me a pair of all black or all white Forces...MJ could crap in a box &amp; call them Air Jordan XV...people would stand in line all night.....as far as his basketball mind, its non-existent.  Top 5 worse basketball executives ever....
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Starbury's are better than Jordans
jbrown2452::Gotta agree with JT... Jordan is smart with his shoes... If he re-released the space jams AGAIN? I'd cop a pair in a heart beat cuz I didn't get them the last time they came out.. He understands supply and demand...
Jason Terry765::Its been bad but the next 2 drafts and free agent classes goin to show if he still bad or just need to stop caz now he has to really build
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Yeah he should just focus on hiss shoes..then  again i like his shoes.. but #1 the alot of $$... and #2 he comes out with the same shoes over and over.. how many times can u release the same shoe..?
Jason Terry765::Who's shoe is better,wouldn't u release the same shoe if nobody's shoe is better
kwseitz::Since the Bobcats need help everywhere but PG, I'm counting down the days until the draft when MJ will pick Kendall Marshall, Jordan Taylor, or Tu Holloway.
IFlySheep::"The thing is, I love winning." - Paul Silas...  Who doesn't love winning? Can we please fire this dinosaur for someone with half a brain to coach this team?
spongehead24::LMAO @ dinosaur. that aint nice!
Jason Terry765::Its not Silas it the players they have no scoring big or SF Silas is a good coach
kwseitz::Can you get an actual team for him to coach? Phil Jackson couldn't get out of last place with this roster.
kwseitz::Even at full strength, their best player is COREY MAGGETTE. Anyone who thinks Paul Silas should be fired needs to let that marinate for a second.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::exactly..and Maggette is "hurt" so its not like Silas has anyone to rely on.
boom.shaka.::I hate losing more than I love winning.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::I cant NOT stop playing..
jbrown2452::LOL!! You're dedicated bro.. I would have called it a day... Ice time and chiropractor afterward... lol..
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::LOL! i hear that, I rolled my sh** two weeks ago playin with some bums.. i just tied my shoe tighter and finished the game.....( I REALLY hate losing lol)
jbrown2452::I want to start hoopin again.. But... when I go to the Y, I just see sorry people running the floor. I refuse to play with bums, last time I did I rolled my ankle real good. That's worse than losing..
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::me too.. Like last night i was hoopin with my boy.. and i can remember every missed shot i took then all my made buckets.. im always thinkin how to make me better so i wont lose anymore
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::I dont htink its the fact some people like to lose.. its more of the fact that some people hate losing more than others
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::gracias
Jason Terry765::gr8 point BlkMexMamba
bamafan124567::thats right lakers is the best
Jason Terry765::Thats funny but Lakers r not the best team with them soft bigs playin so lil
boom.shaka.::Once again.....this time in English.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Lakers are the Best team in the NBA.... i helped him boom
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::KOBE STOP SHOOTING THREES!
Jason Terry765::U said Kemba shoot 37% have u looked at the PG shooting %s u get time look at DWill,RFelton ,Rubio,KLowry.LouWill,JWall,DCollison,BJenning,MConley,TEvans more then half the PG shoot really bad
Jason Terry765::He's a rookie i think he's goin to b ok,his team is the worst n the league,he's not shootin well but he's goin to b a good allaround PG he got a triple double already
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::i dont get you man...jennings is an example of a guard that can shoot at league avg and perform for his team. how does that excuse walker's clear ineptitude for the NBA game.   he is a ferrari w/o brakes. he plays like westbrook, but is way worse.
Jason Terry765::Ok he shoot 44% and shoots 17.5 times a night can he help u win a lot of games avg like 4 or 5 ast come on
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::stop it dude. Jennings shooting 45% this season. the point has been made.
boom.shaka.::Kemba Walker will be fine....he's just a rookie.  And no, he'll never shoot over 45% from the field.
Jason Terry765::Jennings shooting % is poor,
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::Kyrie Irving, Steve Nash, Calderon, Rose, Paul, Andre Miller, teague, westbrook, lawson, jennings, rondo, tony parker?  walker is not ready for the NBA, thats why he shoots so poorly, not because other bad shooters and guys having off years shoot poorly
jbrown2452::Someone has to.. Jason Kapono certainly isn't lol
boom.shaka.::Another solid performance from Goudeluck.  Not ready to hand him the starting job, but wouldn't mind moving him to backup PG when Blake gets back and backup SG for Kobe.
spongehead24::yea. he is starting to feel it a little. but still. he was being checked by a midget half the game... rose will shut his ish down. he really has no go to move to get buckets
Jason Terry765::He has to show me vs a good team
boom.shaka.::That's why I'm not ready to hand him the starting job....
T.F93::kobe is a scorer, always has been its what he does...and he is avg more assists this year than years past
T.F93::he shot 55% from 3 the game b4
Jason Terry765::Kobe can do whatever it takes to win,if he had someone who can score he would b a assist guy or just play D to win games
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::KOBE STOP TAKING THREES
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Because hes a beast
jbrown2452::Wouldn't it be wild if the Bobcats became a powerhouse squad and won it all? I just don't see it happening...
kwseitz::For the win... MJ TRADED for Bismack Biyombo.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::Has any team drafted more poorly?
spongehead24::before AND after! vesley?
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::Stoudamire, McGrady, Camby, Wilson Chandler, Chaning Frye, David Lee, trevor Ariza...
Jason Terry765::Isiah drafted TMac VC put together a good team for the Pacers,he knows good players
jbrown2452::@Nique - Drafting well? I really can't say because I didn't pay attention to his picks.. EC being an 18 adn 9 guy is good.. But the contract was ridic considering the heart ailment. I believe that was public knowledge prior to Zeke signing him..
boom.shaka.::@Nique -- Renaldo Balkman would beg to differ
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::someone else would have signed him. you know this. still doesnt make it right, but it would have happened. he was a 18 and 9 guy.  Zeke has always drafted well tho
jbrown2452::Isaiah also signed Eddy Curry to that ridiculous contract... and Stephon Marbury... I can let Stephon slide... But EC is unacceptable..
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::Isiah actually drafts very well.
jbrown2452::the WIZ prior to signing John Wall...
boom.shaka.::Let's just say that MJ is no Isiah Thomas
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::CLE
jbrown2452::Yeah.. Love MJ as a player, even as a business man as far as his brand goes.. But man... Being an owner is down right awful... As Shaq said.. it's so bad... it's horawful...
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Agreed.. He should just stop.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::LOL.. with MJ at the wheel and not on the court.. never gon happen
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::Kemba Walker is terrible.
spongehead24::ur drunk - he's a rookie playing on a HORRIBLE team at the same time. he has a nice feel for the game. he is really just playing possum till he realizes his team is some trash and has to start swaggin. like shooting EVERY TIME. As a UConn fan I can assure the kid does not suck...
boom.shaka.::Kemba Walker shot a low % in college too -- were people expecting that to change?
Jason Terry765::so do half the NBA
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::1. thats not true 2. thats not an excuse.   Brandon Knight shoots that from 3. C'mon
Jason Terry765::Kemba is not terrible his team is they have no bigs
nba is the worst::Well, he did post that triple double...
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::he shoots 37%. he's terrible.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::Kyrie all day. Kemba Walker needs time in the d-league
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::lol.. Kryrie or Kemba?
TWISSUM::Why is this news?  Sports networks spend some much time talking about how a good team thrashes a weak team.  Of course the Lakers should destroy the Bobcats.  Of course the Heat should hand the Hornets a new one.   This is not news worthy.  How bout reporting on how star players of good teams do against each other.
RenQuist28::You talking about the recap article? Every single game played gets one.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::You spelled Twism wrong.
TWISSUM::You are a dumb a@ss.  How do you spell that?
jbrown2452::It might be news because two teams played a sport called basketball, and ESPN, which reports sporting news, reported it.. It's quite the shock to the system huh?
TWISSUM::I think you have no idea what you are talking about.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::I dont think he gets it.. you might have to talk slower.
boom.shaka.::Yeah, the Lakers/Bobcats discussion should center on the Heat
TWISSUM::Troll alert!
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::lol ...
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::...... because fans like to know what going on with their team even if they are playing weaker teams.. Why are you so angry?
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Told you guys the Lakers will win...Cause we're the best!! duh
kwseitz::"Bismack Biyombo" is actually Swahili for "contraction"
boom.shaka.::Lebron James didn't know what the word "Swahili" meant until he saw the new Star Trek movie online.
boom.shaka.::sigh.....it's an East African dialect.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::na, dont really care that much, u can tell me lol
nba is the worst::Look it up on the internet - like lebron!
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::i still dont know what that is
rl75742::Dude this is just getting silly. Come On Bobcats!   This team has had potential several times, but squandered it away every time.  Gerald Wallace? Nope, we don't want ya Raymond Felton? Nope, hit the road. Tyson Chandler? Peace out. Stephen Jackson? We have other scorers.  Just pitiful front office decisions. I'm a North Carolina pure bred and I love ya Mike, but dude this is just pitiful. Go find something else to do!
kwseitz::Yeah, stupid front office decisions. They traded for BISMACK BIYOMBO! I don't know if you can try to screw up worse than that.  I can't wait to see how MJ tops that this year. More ping pong balls = EPIC FAIL.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::MJ..horrible GM
RenQuist28::Finally a good scoring night from the bench. Still way too many careless turnovers gotta clean that up for the road trip
Jason Terry765::If LA has to let Pau or Bynum go for a bigtime PG ill do it fast caz its not like they r kill the NBA and the money both guys r make is just crazy
boom.shaka.::Be careful what you ask for:  moving one of those means McRoberts starts
boom.shaka.::Fair enough, but realize that the Chris Paul trade was an investment in the future and would not have helped the team this year.  Besides, I just don't see NJ giving up DWill for Gasol and "or something" just isn't worth it.  I'd rather move him for a role playing big and picks and gamble on a PG in the draft.
Jason Terry765::If it mean a PG n return ill take it,LA was goin to get Pau out of town if the CP3 traded went down so get him out and try to get a DWill or something
nba is the worst::Now the 1st six-gm road trip, EVERY TEAM RESTED except Denver:  Denver middle game of their B2B2B  L _Utah (B2B) L 76ers L  Celtics W _Knicks (B2B) W Raptors L Hawks (in LA) L It's certainly possible the teams they beat could vary from my guesses, but getting more than 2 wins on this trip will be surprising...
Jason Terry765::y would it b surprising we only got 2 wins on the road and the bigs just dont play well away from home and people say Kobe b shooting to much,look at the game the bigs r soft
boom.shaka.::LMFAO @Toronto and Atlanta is a home game.
nba is the worst::I realize the Hawks is in LA - just pointing out the schedule doesn't get any easier after the trip (I'll edit).  Lakers traditionally don't play well in the 6th straight road game
Rosstafarian5371::The Bobcats 1-15 in the last 16 games, how the hell is Paul Silas NOT fired yet? Being a Bobcat fan this is hard to watch these guys go give a halfass effort night in and night out. Micheal get it together man the time has come to scrap Silas and move on, make a basketball decision that will actually help us for once.   Side note: PLAY BIYOMBO. The team sucks and there is no reason he should only be obligated to 12 minutes per game.
Rosstafarian5371::He was a lottery pick and his only 19 and he has a stupid wingspan of 7'3? this and K.walk are basically the only thing i have to pin my hopes to right now, so please go back to slobbering over kobe and the Lakers nuts.
kwseitz::How is Paul Silas not fired? Have you SEEN the Bobcats' roster? I'm wondering how the Bobcats have won 3 games!   What does it say about the Bobcats if you're pinning your hopes on BISMACK BIYOMBO?
