txferrari1::Hey, who is this Chandler guy for the Rox?  Never heard of him.  What's his back ground like?
slamminsammy006::Chandler Parsons, rookie out of the University of Florida Gators.
ChrisLeakFan11::So apparently you don't pay attention to college ball?
wjm911::rookie from florida, white, small forward, acne, took over the 3 spot after budinger smelled up the joint
bobbydagreat::Houston needs to stop winning, they are going to screw up their draft position.
wjm911::or help themselves on a possible trade sometime this season
ChuckOlajuwon::What the heck  is up with Kevin Martin.  We need to give someone else a chance if hes going to continue to play like this.  He is trash.  And i cannot help but to believe hes just not putting enough effort.  And to think it was become of him and Scola that I hated the idea of that trade that got squashed by the league.  Now Im thinking it might have been better for the Rockets to have made that trade.
ChuckOlajuwon::Its been 9 games.  He hasnt had the flu all year.  Im not talking bout his past years, Im talking about now.  His numbers are embarrassing.  He has showed up for maybe 2 games this year.
H-TownTEX5040::The kid had the flu...You were lucky to even see him on the court...And how is he trash when he is top 10 scorer every year??
devin8442::Hey guys, random question, but since your all sports fans, have any of you used bookyourathlete.com to book an event or try and promote something of yours? One of my friends brother used it and said it was awesome and really cheap but I just wanted to hear any other opinions from you guys. It looks pretty cool and that you can get an athlete to promote one of your items for only $300 or so but I just wanted to see who else used them. Thanks in advance for your help I really appreciate it!
KingGeorge53::my best advice to you is don't bet.
CosmoKramer1444::I hope Kevin McHale continues to start Parsons. Better than Budinger and Williams.
VinaLesterLanchester::Matt, hope you listened to me. another 3 winners today from sports betting solution, See below. Paul Hogan is the sport book manager in Vegas Mirage. He is incredible !    From: Sports Betting Solutions paul.hogan    Sent: Tuesday, 10 January 2012 7:54 PM  Subject: NBA JAN 10 (MILLION PROGRAM)    NBA - Tue Jan 10 ( Million Program 2012 )  Best Bet:  Houston Rockets @ Charlot Bobcats  Pick: Houston Rockets +1.5 -106  Confidence Level 80%, Lowry Must Start !  $200 Bet   $100 Bet if Lowry does not start.     Standard Bet:  San Antonio Spurs @ Milwaukee Bucks   Pick: Milwaukee Bucks +2 +103  Confidence Level 75%   $175 Bet    Standard Bets:  Oklahoma City Thunder @ Memphis Grizzlies  Pick: Oklahoma City Thunder -3 -105  Confidence Level 75%   $175 Bet    Paul  ...
m24er::K-mart...5 of 19 shooting? You are RUINING my dream team. Way to go!
Arian Foster Owns::i want the rockets to suck this year... high pick!
gcd8::so glad my free preview ran out can't imagine watching this snooze fest, 80-70 really
ChuckOlajuwon::No, 82-70.  I would rather hold an opponent to 70 points then to win 125-115.
Scott28217::Good game Diaw!!
Bol1v1an0::Lawry is a turnover machine.. unbelievable.
wjm911::TO's nearly erased when you have more assists. pretty sure he had 18 dimes the other night. that sounds more machine like...
ChuckOlajuwon::He is also a triple double waiting to happen.  I know thats kinda over rated, but it looks good in the box score.
Boardtrollsarelol::he's over 3:1 assist/TO ratio this year... a couple of his tonight haven't entirely been his fault (Dalembert should've caught that last bounce pass, Patrick Patterson didn't fill a wing properly earlier)
Adrianch01::Lawry?
Bol1v1an0::Lowry* haha
Scott28217::Yes a ref gets put on his a$$
Scott28217::Imagine that dj finally got a foul?
Boardtrollsarelol::Morey thinks that you build teams around a stat box and statistical analysis is what happened...
Bol1v1an0::I remember the good ol' Houston days.. tha hell happened to this team?
slamminsammy006::I remember the mid 90's as well. 1995, Rockets won the NBA Championship. Atlanta Braves won the World Series. East Carolina Pirates won the Liberty Bowl and finished # 20 at the end of the year. The NFL came to North Carolina as well, bringing us the Panthers.
ChuckOlajuwon::Cant be good every year.  That, and this year has just begun.  Too early to tell.  Lots of tuff road games early.
CosmoKramer1444::And Yao.
rj10328::so did Mutambo
ThirdCoastTexan::hakeem retired...
Boardtrollsarelol::relying on the rookie to save your horrrrrrrrible play does not bode well for the future
ThirdCoastTexan::chalder parsons is cold blooded
ThirdCoastTexan::ata boy rookie
ThirdCoastTexan::wow this is ugly
Talentsojhin::It is almost as if both teams are playing who can tank better.
Boardtrollsarelol::bobcats are winning that race, but just barely
Boardtrollsarelol::yeah they are bad... the traveling/foul calls have really been inconsistent.  Jordan Hill clearly walked on one they didn't call and yet they've been Scola on very suspect ones.
llGHOSTll::BJ Mullens is starting to play pretty well.
Scott28217::My God the refs call are as inconsistent as Diaws play!!
Scott28217::Slap on the arm on hendos dunk should be a foul right?
Panasak::bobcats if lost this game for rockets at home you can winer any team
slamminsammy006::The winning percentage of the Rockets opponents was about 70/100 on average as well. Talk about a seriously tough schedule to start out with!
mylilpony_ranger::Kyle mooney?
Boardtrollsarelol::ingrish?  the Rockets aren't as bad as their record suggests... 2-6 against very good teams.  Not saying they're playoff-bound or anything, but at the moment they aren't as bad as you'd think
ThirdCoastTexan::english please...
Boardtrollsarelol::No I mean EVERY game the Rockets have played has been against good teams.. No Milwaukee, Cleveland or defense-less Knicks on the docket.
Scott28217::Haha ya could say the same for the cats both teams have probably the hardest schedules
Boardtrollsarelol::so the last like 10 calls that have gone for the bobcats are what?  probably just make-up calls that don't quite make it up because it's all one big conspiracy
Scott28217::Thats right troll, refs keep count ya know!
100_Spoke_City::Mullens was a great pick-up for Bobcats ... Now if we can get Derrick Brown to contribute ... would be a good look
crazy2k_::Rockets are missing too much
Talentsojhin::It could be worse. You could shoot like the Bobcats.
Scott28217::Yea they need to get rid of Diaw! Most inconsistent player I've ever seen!!
Scott28217::Yea only place he plays half decent
supreme91::You saw what he did against the Knicks??
Panasak::charlote need something
Talentsojhin::they have me they just need some 3 point shooters to open the paint. Next month they get reggie back and that should make them suck a bit less.
Scott28217::Have talent just no leader(aka Diaw)!
mswans15::talent is what they need
Scott28217::Can the cats(DJ) buy a vowel I mean a foul!!
VinaLesterLanchester::Simon, thanks for your insider picks yesterday. Is Houston Rockets +1.5 today's best bet from Sports Betting Solution ?...
VinaLesterLanchester::Simon, thanks for your insider picks yesterday. Is Houston Rockets +1.5 today's best bet from Sports Betting Solution ?
mswans15::Bobcats need more talent! they are the least talented NBA team I have seen in a while
ThirdCoastTexan::chandler parsons looks pretty good
slamminsammy006::Chandler Parsons has good luck in North Carolina. He is the same one who made that 60 something foot buzzer beater against N.C. State at the RBC Center to get a 62-61 Florida victory over N.C. State.
Scott28217::If the game was in NY it would be a different story. Diaw might actually be playing good!!
Ki121989::Both teams suck :)
Talentsojhin::Are the Bobcats really just too aggressive? They have only 1 game this year where they have more FTs than the opponent.
Scott28217::no its a conspiracy they never get the calls even at home!! lol
Scott28217::looks like hendo is ok
danzimnikov::Can someone explain to me how these guys miss SO MANY FREE THROWS!!!
Scott28217::HaHa only thing rockets blow is air!!
aircilla::anyone know if g henderson is out?
aliu123::wondering the same thing is henderson out
BabyGirfare::Is Henderson out?
Little dragon76::Come on rockets should blow them out!
peetlepie::TheRockets should have never have gotten rid of Moses Malone.
bigjoelseph::welcome to the bench, Chase.
rlynch533::what happened?
81999tld::dj augustin is a boss
hpupiratesfan::battle for first pick in the draft?
supreme91::who ever scores 90 points first will win
NOMANSFAN::now that's quite the insight, lol
