Soonerhopeful1::Let me say;... It was a Great game to watch for fans, played by two very good teams, who both played well...I wouldn't  be surprised if these teams face one another in the playoffs...!  Dallas was and is a worthy NBA champion, who will make a run at getting  a repeat..! Good luck Mav's fans..!
BurnabyJoeFan::Nice job Chauncey.. we miss you in Denver.
mr mellow::And New York.. A true pro.
zosoMC::The Clippers beat a .500 team. Where's the story here?
tandyman8::defending NBA champion .500 team.
zosoMC::Let's be honest here. The officials won that championship for them by sending Dirk to the line 1000000 times.
pcshieh::Who needs CP3 when ya got Mo Williams and Mista Big Shot!
Rolltide4203::i agree mo williams is unreal- billups is $@%!$@% horrible though- he is shooting 34 percent on the year which is like last in the nba- mo  williams is on a different planet than him
tgtg31::People over the age of 19 really use words like Mista, Beast Mode, Swag, Etc.
tandyman8::LA's real team wins again.. keep the train rolling.
Resident_Guido::History is in the past homey.
AHurst88::oh god s t f u. I'm not a lakers fan but clippers fans have absolutely zero room to talk. you are one of the worst teams in the history of the nba.
AHurst88::please do but don't talk $@%! to the most historic team in the nba who has been handing it to you for years and is still good this year.
tandyman8::So just because our team has sucked in the past means we can't celebrate their current success?
AHurst88::That was just pathetic defense by Kidd.
pcshieh::WHO DAT? WHO DAT? MISTA BIG SHOT, DATS WHO!!
jpparnell::This ALWAYS happens. You can't leave Billups open in the corner! He makes that shot EVERYTIME!
jpparnell::Jordan's dunk and Griffin's layup gave the Clippers an 88-33 lead with 1:29 remaining. Dallas' Ian Mahinmi missed both free throws at the other end, but Jason Terry hit the first of his two 3-pointers to cut the margin to 88-86.  88-33?  REALLY?
cirqcirqcirq::those were called SUPER 3POINTERS, worth 53 points each
Clenbutador::The mavs are in denial right now.  They didn't reallize that Chandler was their MVP last year, specially in the final series against the heat.
cirqcirqcirq::clippers vs bulls in the finals
Rolltide4203::clippers would not beat okc in a series- they might win one
tgtg31::Hehe
SGSG6277::Nothing new... This is the kind of thing Billups has done his whole career (especially in Detroit).
Hillbilly_74::Billups threw a bad pass, took a bad shot, didn't come up to help on the jumper that should have won the game...and then saved himself by making another "big" shot.  If he wouldn't have kept screwing up in the past 2 minutes of the game then that shot wouldn't have been necessary.  Billups is a chump.
t casey::@Hillbilly_74 The stolen  pass was bad but if you're talking about Terry's last three, that wasn't on Chauncey at all. That was on Jordan and Williams for not communicating on the pick and roll. There's no way they should've let him come aorund that pick without one of them guarding him. Chauncey was stuck in no man's land in between two good 3 point shooters and basically had to pick his poison.
Membername.....::Billups is in a new system with new teammates.....it's going to take time to get use to it.  Only a complete moron would say that Billups is a chump.....the dude has been clutch his whole career.
TimClip::Having an off night? Good idea, lets check in with 17 boards, overhyped? No, not really.  Sometimes an MVP has to do the little things to help his team win, and allow others to step up.
Resident_Guido::Dude had 7 assists too.
NightLifeCruiser::OKC lost to the damn Wizards
heyyouguuuys::Losing to any NBA team isn't bad. They are all pros
mark35345::It's just an exhibition game- c'mon sometimes even a good team can't get it up for a team like the Wizards. At least they didn't stiff the game. That's what Dallas is doing this year and what the Lakers did last year.
Idrum88::sh|t happens
JB_Smoove_Trane_Thelonius_Bird::<b>Top teams in the West 1.OKC Thunder 2.LA Clippers 3.Memphis Grizzlies 4.Dallas Mavericks  All other teams can go home.</b>
StompOnFailtics::LMAO @ DAL. DAL will be lucky to make the playoffs.  They are FLAT out garbage this season.
schrandt::As well as losing in the last couple seconds away to both LAL and LAC...and even a buzzer beater from OKC the first matchup as well
netjunkie88::They beat OKC you frikkin' idiot.
MarkIngy22::memphis and dallas shouldnt be on there right now... replace them with portland and denver
JB_Smoove_Trane_Thelonius_Bird::portland-same story every year. good regular season, cant compete in playoffs against elite teams. and denver wont do anything in the playoffs. their best player is ty lawson
Rmnica23::So sick of this Clippers hype by ESPN.  This SAME clippers team got beat by 29 by the Jazz and nothing is said, but when they beat the Mavs by 2 they are the greatest thing ever.
kool9584::Blake Griffin is overrated... If he's not dunking or near rim, he cant do crap..
ustna::As evidenced by his 2 triple doubles last year as a rookie.   Watch a game not highlights...
ustna::Jealousy breeds hatred..
StompOnFailtics::Looks like DAL has had plenty of those this year!
mark35345::Will the Clippers he healthy for the playoffs? That's the question. Billups and Paul are an Olympian backcourt but will they he healthy? We know Del Negro can't coach...Billups is coaching the team now
ustna::Plenty of stuff for you to be jealous of...  For one, no one cares about the Jazz outside of Utah. No one knows who the heck plays for the Jazz is another...  Every team has an off night or two...
Rmnica23::I am a Jazz fan and they just crushed your over hyped team.  What is there to be jealous of?
Idrum88::clips are no more than a first round exit
ACandOJ::Why are the defending champs so bad???
Idrum88::they dont need to be good right now...just good enough to get in the playoffs....everyone knows when this team turns it on they can beat anyone
Idrum88::believe what you want...but when your dealing with an older team like the mavs...you dont blow your wad in the first 20 games
JB_Smoove_Trane_Thelonius_Bird::their record shows how good they really are. you look at stats, I look at record/reality
Idrum88::1)mavs have one of the better defenses in the league...look at ppg 2)we dont need odom, still have one of the strongest benches in the league...look at bench production 3)the mavs are not the lakers
mark35345::No more Chandler. No more Stephenson. That's why their defense sucks. Add an out of shape Odom on the bench and you used to have instant offense/speed  in JJ Barea. The "turn it on - turn it off" style of play did not work for the Lakers last season. They stiffed so many games - they played like stiffs during the playoffs
mattbauer06::Chauncey is the kind of missing piece that helps a team get over the hump and win a championship, Im not a fan of the clippers but chauncey will teach them how to win in crunch time. Trading Chuancey killed my pistons franchise, Joe Dumars cut the head off his own team and they have been a 50 loss team since.
mattbauer06::his game makes me sad
kool9584::Atleast, you have TayShaun Prince. lol
ACandOJ::If someone has Dirk's phone number....tell him that the lockout is over &amp; he can leave Germany any day now.  I know its tempting to hang backstage at David Hasselhoff concerts all year but he has a job to do....
NightLifeCruiser::Mr. Big Shot
trackotaco::Take note, Lebron...  -Chauncey
Chicago Phoenix::why don't they have a tebow tracker page like they did for tiger?
mattbauer06::they do its called ESPN
never convicted::wait this article is not about tebow....sorry.
NightLifeCruiser::Get his nuts out your mouth.
soccers56::"88-33 lead"?? no way.
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::.Totes Magotes are you a legal US citizen?
JB_Smoove_Trane_Thelonius_Bird::the answer to that is <b>NO</b>
kelso_manbaum::Dallas is content with their 1 championship.  Miami Heat may very well win the next 10
netjunkie88::not one...  ...  ...
ACandOJ::TMZ is reporting that Wade was seen looking at retirement communities last weekend with Gabrielle Union...
RocForceOne::not 1, not 2, not 3, not 4, not 5, not 6
mattbauer06::thats sounds like the shot chart from LeBron's first 6 freethrow attempts
JB_Smoove_Trane_Thelonius_Bird::Wade wont last that long
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Wade is the youngest has been in the  NBA
Chicago Phoenix::bosh &gt; wade
Clipshow07::Dallas winning last year was no fluke. Just an example of a good team who stepped up their game at the right time. It's called being clutch. Clutch = Dirk!!!!!  You sound like you know nothiing about basketball calling that a fluke...
ACandOJ::Its really called Sidekick James performing his world famous Vegas one man show "Vanishing Act"....
JB_Smoove_Trane_Thelonius_Bird::<b>When its Dallas, its a fluke. when you choke every year but just so hapen to win it all once.. its a <u>fluke</u></b>
mattbauer06::when the team you win against is choking harder then Dirk with the Flu its a fluke.
reingardl::I disagree.
.Totes Magotes.::LA owns Dallas
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::.Totes Magotes are you a legal US citizen?
canyouhandlethetruth2::The Mavs are old and boring.
Chicago Phoenix::dirk looks tired all the time.
RonTuna::BOTH OF EM....their Laker sweep and winning the playoffs was the FLUKE of the century
ACandOJ::Well...it kinda was.  Didn't they kick the crap out of the Mavs like a week before the playoffs, when Terry tackled Steve Blake?? The Mavs shooters got hot at the right time...it happens.
Chicago Phoenix::well. sweep or no, the lakers getting their a$$es handed to them was no fluke.
ACandOJ::Not exactly....Fluke means a stroke of good luck or a chance happening.  So even a sweep can be a fluke.  Like an 8th seed beating a 1st seed.  Meaning it would be unlikely to happen again...
Chicago Phoenix::fluke sweep? a sweep would indicate the opposite of a fluke.
.Totes Magotes.::Im so awesome. My favorite teams are the Heat, Patriots, Denver Tebows, Yankees, and the Kardashians
canyouhandlethetruth2::WOW! again with the Kardashians lol
RonTuna::You need CLINICAL HELP then!
RonTuna::MARK CUBAN AND THE MAVS SENT REELING INTO THE LA NIGHT BY THE LAKERS THEN THE CLIPPERS......WE LOVE IT!!!
Chicago Phoenix::if you like your team to be known as "lob city", then you probably have some unresolved sexual identity issues.
RonTuna::GO PICK YOUR SCABS AND SMOKE THE HOG IN THE CLOSET CHI TOWN GAYBOY
Chicago Phoenix::you're my hero.
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::So which are you? Chicago or Phoenix, either way you're still rooting for losers.
kfoges03::its a message board, its everyones business
.Totes Magotes.::I cant hear you, can you speak up?
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::I wasn't even talking to you. So  mind your own business.
kfoges03::yeah, and someone with heat and phillies, how does that happen?
Chicago Phoenix::hilarious coming from a falcons fan.
.Totes Magotes.::and you are a bandwagonner
bri_weaver::As a Pistons fan, I can tell you that I'm not in the least bit surprised of the finish of that game. It's almost bittersweet to see Chauncey still draining big shots.
bri_weaver::Umadbro?
bri_weaver::Make your own username that's not a line from a movie.
.Totes Magotes.::be your own person
.Totes Magotes.::noone cares about Pistons fans
starwheat::Great win for Lob City, even without CP3! Are the Clippers the truth?!
.Totes Magotes.::Lobs dont win championships
ustna::neither do totes
Hectorg00769::Looks to me like the Clippers were a Dwight Howard away from being elite, not a Chris Paul. Billups and Gordon would have been more than enough
.Totes Magotes.::khloe kardashian was born kevin kardashian
Chicago Phoenix::he/she has a big, blubbery rack.
RonTuna::LIKE YOU CHICAGO PHOENIX SHOWER STALLBOY??
Chicago Phoenix::khloe kardashian is a mutant. kinda like billy baldwin.
Chicago Phoenix::it was nice to see kim, khloe, and kris jenner at the game yesterday.
ACandOJ::I don't know what talent you're looking for...but Kim has plenty, in the front &amp; back.
canyouhandlethetruth2::are you serious? who cares about those three no talent losers.
kfoges03::no talent is overstating it
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::That was the only interesting thing about the game.
kfoges03::that guy was khloe?
hughesn2::Mo Money Mo Problems MoWilliams. I my gosh they are stacked at PG. They have four PGs that are good or great: CP3, Chauncey, Mo Williams, and Eric Bledsoe. They need to find a good SG that is taller.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Bledsoe isn't that good. He was overrated his rookie year, lobbing to BG made him look good.
.Totes Magotes.::Buss should just move the Lakers to New Mexico
ustna::Buss should just move the Lakers to Anaheim...
RonTuna::YA only 20 mins from here in Newport Beach  then! LOL
SerioRaider::Did you find a way to auto-post this every 30 minutes?
ustna::yes
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Mo Williams has looked good since he joined the Clippers.
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::LBJ taught him everything he knows.
Len1366::actually you said he looked good since he joined the Clippers, meaning he didn't look good before, which is really on him
kfoges03::good thing he hasnt had to take foul shots at the end of a game then
Cadillac_Too_Cold::It's just more proof that LBJ turns good players into scapegoats.
zxzVIRGINIATECHzxz::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTprHR8P0NM
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::Sorry its blocked.
markfox73::mavs and clippers have nothing to offer orlando for dwight howard!!!  how can they better what the lakers and nets have already offered???
netjunkie88::They don't have to offer anything. They just have to wait a few months.
kfoges03::"more sooner" - poetic
markfox73::magic are not going to let that happen, they will trade him more sooner than you think...
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::Who cares nobody in LA is talking about this. They're talking about their old @ss Lakers at my great young Heat tonight.
patches8589::old or not kobe is still better than your 2 star scoreers and id have gasol over bosh anyday
RonTuna::The "young heat" is YOU smoking yer hog in the closet! LMAO
kfoges03::i think you mean average young heat
kfoges03::"we dont always settle levels of average, but when we do, its about the heat"
Len1366::glad we cleared that up, it's settled
kfoges03::excellent point, "above average" but "below great" heat
Insane Dolphan::Vince carter be the bes dunker of all time tell me im wrong
muncieplumbers::Vince was the best
gw687::Blake may be there by the end
PlayaMade5::Spud Webb
kfoges03::thats like saying babe ruth was the best baseball player ever, tell me im wrong haha
kfoges03::dominique gives him a run, but you are not wrong
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::Ahem...
kfoges03::the real tragedy is the new law in CA requiring pornstars to wear condoms in their films
ustna::What language is everyone else using in Google Translate to read Insane Dolphan's posts? I really would like to know what she is saying.
Insane Dolphan::I wanna know why u be hatin on me u lil punk
johnjl5153::lol now he gets to keep his nickname until he retires... dude hadnt hit a big shot since detroit really lol
gw687::Um, he hit big shots more often than Melo in Denver.
Insane Dolphan::Chauncey is still clutch even tho he be old jus like Old Vin-sanity
BlkMexMamba2.0::Well obviously you dont watch much bball, becasue he's hit plenty of big shots since Detroit
demondeacon209::Guy just told me that they do not show basketball games live on television and they are taped and broadcasted later, thoughts?
Insane Dolphan::There a slight delay mabe about 30 seconds
Clipshow07::Has Griffin been sick last couple of games. Definitely hasn't looked like his normal self. His free throw shooting is really starting to get ugly. I mean, really? You are a professional!!!! Still baffles me the guys that can't even shoot 65/70% from the line. What is Blake shooting from the line???
Insane Dolphan::aroun 65%
Clipshow07::It's actually .512. That is embarrassing and DISGUSTING!!!
