zhubbs24::If the hawks can convince cp3 to come and resign smith, watch out miami... paul, teague, korver, horford, smoove, lou williams, zaz add a great perimeter defender...scary team
dcmorris008::By the way Horford is a beast! And the Hawks look good, they are an underrated team for sure.
Sportssmh::You had that in Joe
chiledal::and yet the hawks are better in every statistical category without him.
riprope27::A monster. Deserved to be an all-star. So did Josh. This team never gets any spotlight even though that big man tandemis so fun to watch the way they pass. It's too bad we couldn't get more talent around them. Teague is turning into a stud as well.
91Gmoney9009::If we had one TRUE scorer, we would be deadly. A SG or SF that could get us 20+ PPG
dcmorris008::Marvin Williams should not play one more second, as long as Demarre Carroll is on the Jazz.  FREE DEMARRE!
91Gmoney9009::One of the most overrated players in NBA History in my opinion....Hawks really screwed up taking him....and that draft class was loaded!!! Deron Williams, Chris Paul, Andrew Bynum, David Lee, Lou Williams...I could go on and on. Marv isnt as big of a bust as Kwame Brown or Greg Oden, but hes not far away.
riprope27::haha. he didn't even start!
91Gmoney9009::He didnt even prove anything in college!!!!! His ONE season that he played, he averaged 11 points and 6 rebounds!!!! I know he was a freshy, but still!
dcmorris008::I agree 100 percent.  The sad thing is the Jazz still seem to think he has value, It blows my mind how an NBA organization can watch him every night as still think he has value on a team.
riprope27::huge bust. especially bc CP3 asked us to take him. If we had, no way we would have gotten Al, but i'd have loved getting paul and smoove for all these years
riprope27::so glad we dumped him on y'all
dcmorris008::Yeah, well we do have Mo Williams but he has been injured. So that doesnt help, but you are absolutely right about Marvin, it really is pathetic.  He has so much potential, but he has no spine.  He just stands in the corner and tries not to screw up.
riprope27::he shows up occasionally but for his athleticism and skill he's total garbage. Pathetic. Even though harris isn't having the best year i'm surprised you gave him up with that limited backcourt you have
dcmorris008::I always thought you guys just used him wrong, now I know that he just sucks!
91Gmoney9009::"Hang on for win"??? Uhhhh 11 points isnt really a nail biter
UJNN4::It was a 4 point game near the end. I'd say they hung on for the win..
dcmorris008::Yeah, the Jazz were never in this game.  Leave it to ESPN
Swade_ND_Shade::Keep losing Jazz, my Rockets are counting on you.
ESPN_SUX_COX::1. Teague 2. Harris 3 Smoove     I tried to tell em, but they don't wanna listen 4 Horford 5 D12
riprope27::Nooooo, get rid of harris after this season. Smoove can't really play the 3 but i'd take that front court anyday. we'd need a pure shooter though as well
91Gmoney9009::Korver isnt a pure shooter?
91Gmoney9009::Id rather have Korver or Lou start for Harris
speakuzzz123::Horfords a shooter, Harris is a great shooter, Teague can make the occasional 3 and mid range jumper, Smoove is more of a post up guy. Teague and Harris are really good drivers too
Swade_ND_Shade::No shooters, nothing but dunkers.
C-Jammin::Horford is just a monster right now.
91Gmoney9009::Josh Smith- Snub Jeff Teague- Snub Horford- Snub
91Gmoney9009::Teague may be a stretch, but he is playing really well, and Im glad hes on our team
riprope27::all-star snub
TSlakersmvp::OK OKC SEE YA IN PLAYOFFS
LilDwayne21::The Jazz have got to get back on a winning track. This team is in a real slump right now. They've got to pull it together.
LilDwayne21::Utah is lucky Portland lost tonight against Denver.
Swade_ND_Shade::Why?
DBlock044::Great win hawks.
best username::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1L8nORiOgU
best username::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDh0FcJ1atA
best username::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1L8nORiOgU
best username::the way lakers have been playing since they beat okc, besides struggling when pau went down, lakers have been playing well enough to make it to the playoffs, i think lakers could even take the 6th spot
UJNN4::Wow what a ridiculous post.. They'll be lucky if they even make the playoffs let alone get the 6th seed. Hahaha what an amateur you are
040Carter::betting with a system for sports bets named Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month for three consecutive months now since I found out about this system. You can find it on the first page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems. At first I thought this was going to be bogus but ended up being awesome..
TOOMUCHVENOM::GO HAWKS!!!!!  wow, if only Lou Williams was healthy,  FUC#%#%#%!!!!
Utah Is All Bark. All Bite.::Utah sucks and is going to relinquish their playoff spot to the Lakers. What a terrible team.
UJNN4::beebopbaloop haha I like you man! Sweet post
beebopbaloop::The only way that the Lakers will make the playoffs is... . . . . Nah. Lakers aren't making the playoffs.
liquidvizions707::i actually see the west standings finishing the way they are. only difference... jazz moves up and takes that 6th spot from the warriors. warriors and rockets will fight for 7th. and lakers will finish 9th. they not making it unless harden or curry gets hurt. then the lakers get in. but that is the ONLY way.
liquidvizions707::2 reasons that doesnt happen. not only will the lakers not make it with the kobe only show. the warriors i see slipping. you all getting mo back. curry puts up 54 tonight and huge last night and they still lost back to back games. the jazz is making the playoffs. relax bro.
R Barron::If the Hawks lose Josh Smith for nothing, would that open up enough cap space for them for the Jazz to sign and trade them Big Al? Al and Al would be pretty monstrous.
liquidvizions707::hey, you know how it is. yall got mo williams and he got hurt. must be a williams thing for us 2 teams! ugh! but least yall get mo back! we gonna have to keep playing hard to make a deep run without lou
liquidvizions707::and not to trash on joe. i mean i miss him... but i dont miss that insane contract that kept us from getting a huge star. and to be honest... lou williams and kyle korver &gt;&gt;&gt; joe and marvin. so all we did was win. we didn't lose. only sad thing was lou williams getting hurt for the season. that hurt... but we getting it done!
liquidvizions707::oh yeah dude. we loaded by letting joe johnson go alone. plus marvin as well. we gonna have the money to sign someone like dwight howard and cp3. whether it happens who knows. but just saying thats the kind of money we gonna be dealing with and that doesnt count what josh does.
riprope27::AL Jefferson is the last person i want
liquidvizions707::haha. well it could happen! we rebuilding somewhat but not much. we basically just missing a star center and we set. horford is C/PF and he is amazing. but with a straight up C and horford out there... it would be insane. it amazed me that people thought we wasn't even gonna be good this year cause of letting joe johnson go. even though they all agreed it was great we did. what people seem to forget is we just figured we was stcuk with joe after that insane contract. i mean he makes more money than lebron. wade. etc... that contract was just insane. i love the nets so much for bumping they heads and taking him. lol
R Barron::If you had Al and Al, you'd be my second favorite team haha. We'll have a ton of money too. Need it to sign future young guys though.
liquidvizions707::yalls AL would be a great addition as well!
NYeltigre::Al got freaking burned tonight. Unbelievable. Terrible guard play and the four calls that should have gone utahs way. Terrible third quarters three games in a row we are lucky that both golden state and Houston lost
AtlSmith1024::Sound like one Al of a game.
liquidvizions707::not our AL! he set records and beasted like he has been      :P
NYeltigre::No your Al burned our Al all over the place tonight.
beebopbaloop::More like Utanking Jazz
Rocinante1322::Oh man!   That's just about the lamest thing I've seen in awhile.   You are very creative.
beebopbaloop::Hahaha. Just quit giving the Lakers false hopes.
UpsetLAfan::hahaha utah $@%! just forfeit
liquidvizions707::nah. more like we the hottest team lately outside the heat. plus we play well in utah. done won 3 straight there.
liquidvizions707::nobody is hotter than al horford right now. PERIOD.
beebopbaloop::I'd put Indy and Memphis ahead of everyone else if we're talking about 'hottest teams lately outside of the Heat".
HoopsSharpie::<b>JSMOOVE WITH ANOTHER MONSTER TONIGHT!  24 POINTS 14 BOARDS   7 ASSISTS  BUT THANK GOD WE HAVE ROBINSON, THE EPIC BUST!!!</b>
liquidvizions707::i think josh and ferry had a talk at the very end and ferry asked josh some important stuff that only them 2 know. whatever it was... there is a plan or we wouldn't have kept josh and then lose him for nothing. this is ferry we talking about. he worked with the spurs and got rings. he has a plan. what it is... we'll see!
liquidvizions707::al had a better game... but josh is my fav hawk. but the way them 2 are balling... we on fireeee!!!
HoopsSharpie::well, you guys agreed to trade him to us for robinson, delfino, and a #2 but then you cancelled last minute.
SheedSayBallDontLie::What do you guys think about picking up JJ Hickson in FA? Also, is the pick we got from Brooklyn for this year's draft, giving us two 1st-round picks?
falconsfan0125::4 straight! Go Hawks!
HoopsSharpie::i bet you guys will try and resign jsmoove afterall
liquidvizions707::oh i never doubted it. the media talks so much lameness. josh NEVER demanded a max contract. he was ASKED if he thought he deserved it. what's he supposed to say? no, i don't. lol... and our owner and josh have something up they sleeves. i expect it to be HUGE. we gonna have tons of cash in the off-season. we getting 1 if not 2 HUGE star players. watch and see.
karelp::Horford should have made the All-Star team instead of Bosh.
speakuzzz123::miami heat biased.... smh
TOOMUCHVENOM::100% agreed
liquidvizions707::all day long. bosh isnt even on horford's level
davidjlyon::Jazz aren't improving - they shouldn't lose to Atlanta at home.  I like Corbin as a person very much but this is his fault.  He hasn't nurtured and brought along the young talent and caused the team to improve.  Jazz aren't going to make the playoffs - and I am totally disappointed as this is a step-down from last year.   Get rid of Watson, Tinsley and Marvin Williams.    This failure is a coaching and management failure.
Francis4345::Jazz has the best team for winning games after trailing by 10+ pts at half time. 13 wins and most of them without Mo WIlliams all year. This team has balls.
liquidvizions707::you do understand that outside of the heat,  the hawks have been the hottest team lately. so dont be so hard on ya team cause you lost to a red hot team. plus jazz have now lost 3 straight there against us. so it isn't like this is new.
Ameero80::Al Horford, most underrated player in the league
Celtics are too good::cause he is dominican
Celtics are too good::n
SheedSayBallDontLie::It's so refreshing to see the Hawks run the pick and roll with Teague/Smith/Harris and Horford w/ Korver in the corner. Burn in hell ISO Joe offense. Burn in hell.
Celtics are too good::not his fault the hawks sucked
TOOMUCHVENOM::%€#% the celtics
liquidvizions707::the hawks sucked??? haha joe johnson -marvin  was our cancer. you dont even know what you talking about. you senile as your old team.
SheedSayBallDontLie::yes it was
Francis4345::Utah need to clean the dust ; Big Al out, Bell out, Watson out even Tinsley. Marvin should be out also. Re-sign Millsap for 2-3 years max. Get a great PG on the market like Jennings.
Francis4345::So with Millsap and Big Al out, its gonna be a total new era. If they could get an other center and PG to support the young guns (Hayward, Favor, Kanter and Burks)
Francis4345::Dont know if Bucks want to keep Redick, Ellis and Jennings
Rocinante1322::Me neither, but if they do, they have more cap space then we do to re-sign them.   Redick has the option of leaving though.  Jennings will not since he's a RFA.
Serg Abaka::Millsap out too. He doesn't play anywhere near as hard as he used to and should not be paid any more than the etension offered to him at the start of the season
Gorufuboru::100% agree...Millsap used to be a beast...Now he goes at 60%..He is still efficient but he could be a miniature Barkley if he bought back some of that old tenacity he used to exhibit
Rocinante1322::Also Marvin has a player option, so the odds are very good that he'll be back next year.
Rocinante1322::I'm pretty sure Milwaukee will match any offer we make for Jennings.  Our road to PG success is going to have to be through the draft IMO.
Francis4345::20+ Millions available to get something
The poster formerly known as bigjoe93atl::S. Curry 54 points in a loss.   Al Horford 34 and 15 in a win!
TOOMUCHVENOM::Don't forget about the 5 blocks
The poster formerly known as bigjoe93atl::Any Jazz fans here that like Alec Burks? "ERMAHGERD, BURKS" would be an epic screen name for a Utah fan...
JPHoks1981::Jazz fan and I agree with you. The hype for him disgusted me. He is better then any other options though.
Phcdmof::I would say Marvin Williams is worse than Jefferson's D..  Simply because Jefferson's D doesn't really exist so technically you cant assign it a value.  ;-)
liquidvizions707::yes. he killed us the most when we started him. we did that sooooo much and it annoyed me. marvin is a good guy off the bench. but he just isnt a starter, trust me. we tried it forever. and the pressure is just to much on him. and that's cool. everyone cant be a starter. but a good bench is crucial. heck, we've lived awesome with ours. but yeah our coach always tried to start marvin over jamal crawford. and that was just crazy. one is a starter. one isnt. but we paid marvin so much we tried our damndest to make him one. some things just dont work and we learnt the hard way.
liquidvizions707::.
Rocinante1322::But that begs the question.   Does Marvin Williams exist?
Rocinante1322::Good to hear.   That's what I'm hoping they do with him next year.  He's not a starter IMO.   The Jazz are just using him as a last option spot up shooter.   That IMO, is the worst possible role you could put the guy in.
liquidvizions707::he has his good moments. i dont wanna slam the guy. and he can have a bad season then a much better one. marvin is one of them kinda guys that doesn't get worst each year. he can get better. so that is a positive about him. and yeh we shifted him around. the stretch 4 is for sure his best role. he is actually pretty productive like that.
Rocinante1322::Did you guys play him much at PF?   He seems like he might do well as a stretch 4 coming off the bench or something.
liquidvizions707::he is forgettable. when you'll start noticing him more is when you all play him more next year for the 8 mill he is guaranteed. it's painful to watch...
Rocinante1322::Half the time you forget he's even there.
liquidvizions707::oh he exists... you just wish he didn't. lol
liquidvizions707::plus jefferson will get you points. marvin doesnt play D much better and he is awful scoring these days
The poster formerly known as bigjoe93atl::Al f&amp;@!#$g Horford.
Francis4345::Serious question : Millsap or Jefferson ? Or both out next year ?
Francis4345::Millsap is more complete player with way less salary. Kanter need to see more minutes. With the space in salary cap, we could offer max offer to a FA. Would love to get Jennings from the Bucks.
TAC0REV::I like Millsap and wouldn't mind if we re-signed him, but for the long-term betterment of the franchise we should let them both walk. Re-signing Jefferson in ANY capacity would infuriate me beyond measure.
Rocinante1322::I would definitely question whether I wanted to go on being a Jazz fan if they re-sign him and I have to watch this for another 4 years.
Rocinante1322::What would you as an outsider do?  I don't know how familiar you are with Millsap's game though.
Rocinante1322::I seriously wouldn't be mad if the Jazz let both walk.       If I had to take one it would be Millsap with no hesitation though.
hussein623::serious question. Whats worse, Marvin Williams, or Al Jefferson's Defense?
Francis4345::No doubt the worst defensive highest paid of NBA
Rocinante1322::Jefferson without question.  He's possibly the worst big at defense who gets major minutes in the league.
Rocinante1322::He makes me yearn for the days of Boozer's defense.
Francis4345::i would say, Marvin just because i see his numbers after each games and noticed he played !
hussein623::i seriously think the hawks can grab the second seed in the EC
Phcdmof::The way Jefferson plays D...  This was inevitable.  If we dont sign and trade him after the upcoming sweep when the Spurs pick and roll him into the dirt like any well coached team does.  I give up Jazz until he is GONE!
Rocinante1322::Well said.
TreC1983::That pick &amp; roll with Josh &amp; Al at the FT line is deadly. Alley-Oop dunk almost every night.
Lemuel7043::works 90% of the time. the high-low
BayAreaFan40::is utah tanking?
jimmy5804::It's feeling they're on their way out of the playoffs
Francis4345::Ask juno, he knows how it works. His team tanked last year ;)
Francis4345::WIthout 2nd and 3rd best players tonight (Millsap and Mo). No tanking here.
Rocinante1322::You guys are the experts on the subject.  You tell us.
junoXJ::probably
SheedSayBallDontLie::Holy Horford
HawksFalcsBravos::Horford looking more like Duncan by the game.
hussein623::oh ok then
hussein623::hes better than Duncan
HawksFalcsBravos::Talking about prime Duncan obviously.
airicad::Hawks vs Indiana in 7 game series.  2 v 3 seed in semifinals.  Who would you take?  I'm still going with Indiana in 7, but the Hawks could pull off an upset.
hussein623::horford josh smith and teague. thats why.
liquidvizions707::atl cause we own them. the upset would be them beating us.
liquidvizions707::yeh 1-1. but it's took them forever to beat us. indiana just doesnt do well with us. id rather them knock miami out and we get the pacers.
hussein623::airicad - what's the season series?  i'm too lazy to check  its 1-1 i think
airicad::what's the season series?  i'm too lazy to check
hussein623::i like atl
airicad::why?
hussein623::I was sad when the hawks lost in the playoffs to the celtics last year, but then, Marvin Williams got traded, and all was good.
Rocinante1322::If our GM had just known how much better DeMarre Carroll would be this season then I doubt the trade would have happened.
hussein623::ya
Serg Abaka::And Joe, must have been a great week. Hopefully the Jazz get that feeling this year if Al walkts
TAC0REV::All I saw tonight was Al "Lazy Pile of $h!t" Jefferson standing around all game while Horford and Josh Smith got easy layups and dunks. Big Lazy Al is an embarrassment to this team and every fan should be outraged at his complete and utter lack of effort night in and night out.
JPHoks1981::I pretty much agree with that.
JPHoks1981::Buy no means am I focusing just on Burks defense tonight. Compared to Jefferson he was amazing. Im just saying there were more then a few plays without a pick n roll where he got beat. He was awful tonight and isnt the answer at PG and thats not all his fault as well thats not his position.
TAC0REV::Burks may have gotten beat a couple times, but Jefferson is so horrendous at guarding the pick &amp; roll that it didn't matter what Burks did. Besides, Teague is a terrible matchup for Burks so that's on the coach (or front office, seeing that we don't have anyone to match up with small quick PG's)
JPHoks1981::Yes but obviously I didn't have my Burks goggles on like you
Rocinante1322::Dude.   Just because I explain what happens in a basketball game accurately doesn't mean I have any kind of goggles on.   Burks was getting screened a majority of the plays.  No guard in the NBA is going to successfully navigate all of those screens.  I understand that you don't think Burks is all that great, but to focus on his play when there was terrible play everywhere is just a joke.
JPHoks1981::Did you watch the game?
Rocinante1322::Yes.  Did you?
JPHoks1981::There were numerous plays where Burks just got bead without any screen once again he was the least of the problems but it still wasnt pretty.
Rocinante1322::Since the Hawks ran a PnR on just about every halfcourt play they ran, I highly doubt your statement is accurate.
JPHoks1981::Al was the major issues but Burks cant let Teague and Harris drive by all game
TAC0REV::Did you notice that that wasn't happening when Jefferson was on the bench? The Jazz were giving up NO layups or dunks to ANY Hawks player when Big Lazy Al was out of the game. Then as soon as he comes back in, it's right back to dunk- and layup-fest for Atlanta. It's no coincidence!
Rocinante1322::If Burks gets successfully screened, which is going to happen to any guard in the NBA, then there isn't much Burks can do but rely on his big men to have his back.
Mojazz::The better team won here tonight.  Congrats Hawks.  Jazz now just 3 games behind the Lakers...
liquidvizions707::are yall stuck with marvin after this season?
hussein623::yeah LOL. We should also say thanks to Danny Ferry
liquidvizions707::yeah hussein623. he was never a starter imo even when he was at "his" best. we blew it. also glad joe is gone. more so marvin player wise. but joe overall cause of that DUMB contract we gave him. the nets are insane. THANK YOU NJ. I MEAN BROOKLYN!
TAC0REV::Marvin Williams is the least of our worries as long as Al "No Defense, No Effort" Jefferson is part of the team.
TAC0REV::His player option is for $7.5 million next year, the same he's making this year.
liquidvizions707::no. marvin will haunt you. watch and see when your coach insists on playing him more cause he is paid 8 mill next season.
Serg Abaka::Player option, not a chance he walks away from 8m
liquidvizions707::wow... what were the jazz thinking man? not to clown. i seriously feel for you guys
hussein623::i feel sorry for them if they are
Serg Abaka::Wouldn't mind some Marvin back spasms at the moment
hussein623::liquidvizions707 - for real... that guy is a cancer. always has back issues. his 3 pt. has went down the drain. ughhh it still sickens me we chose him over CP3.  yeah i will always remember that we coulds had cp3 right now! AH! Its sickens me to even think of it! EH!
liquidvizions707::for real... that guy is a cancer. always has back issues. his 3 pt. has went down the drain. ughhh it still sickens me we chose him over CP3.
UJNN4::Wow, Warriors fans are Fa gs
TreC1983::Eastern conference rocked the West tonight. Hawks, Bucks &amp; Knicks all took out Western Conference playoff teams
junoXJ::i came here to check if utah lost, since my warriors couldn't win behind curry's 54 (unfortunately)  i wasnt surprised! NOTHING to worry about LOL  enjoy your freefall out of the playoffs utah
Francis4345::Cant win with 54 pts from Curry thats pathetic. Looks like Kobe and the Lakers.
Serg Abaka::The Jazz will have a freefall out of the playoffs, but unlike the Warriors, it will happen during the 1st round. Thanks in advance for the lottery pick coming our way
airicad::Brutal, lmao.  Curry was amazing tonight.  Too bad Lee was suspended, b/c it really affected the Warriors' rebounding and inside scoring tonight.
TreC1983::Chandler literally seemed to get every rebound. it killed them
caseygreer2::Man at this point I just don't care. All I want is the jazz to let Al Jeff. walk in the off season. That is all I want. Forget playoffs, just get that man off my team..
Rocinante1322::Amen to this!!
Lemuel7043::you're welcome
junoXJ::thanks man, i like the hawks. i hope they continue to do good things
