Thesith36::Over or Under 97 in the 1st Half?
floyd1243::looks like the NBA players have become less skilled and shows a lower basketball IQ since the tattoo era started
I should be working right now::Do New Yorkers still think the Knicks are winning the championship this year?
Eatin Turnips::Let's see...  the Knicks are basically the NY Nuggets, "led" by Melo, backed up by JR, Felton and Camby.  Yet everyone expects them to do great things.    What is that definition of INSANITY again?
jnks10::Good to see the Knicks are back to not making every shot somehow and came back to reality. Lowest points in the paint in the league and Melo back to having to shot 40 shots to get his 20 points a night.
brookbob22::Carmelo..."WE just didnt have it tonite"...Carmelo missed 19 shots...nobody else on the team missed more than 8.....THIS is why professional gamblers bet on the knicks when Carmelo is not playing and do very well...as stated in the espn magazine story
tungcn2010::The only way Knicks will go anywhere is to play Amare and Copeland with the 1st unit. Play Melo and Felton with 2nd unit.  Copeland = Faried (Nuggets)
sportsnu36::And they still won't go anywhere!
Voss voss::I'm looking forward to seeing what a healty Bynum can do for this team. They could be the best team in the east if Bynum can stay healty.
SixerSwag76::"I had to knock a tooth out his goddamned mouth for touching my hair. Coach best recognize." - Andrew Bynum on Doug Collins' reason for leaving game
ulthumbei::Is there anyone on the planet earth who is even remotely surprised that the Knicks have devolved in this way?  I was saying it when they were 6-0.  Man, I love being right in my predictions of inevitable Knicks collapses.  Next stop: Amare:  "I'm okay coming off the bench if we're winning, but.........."  and then things will really come undone.  Sweet.
blaqsinasta::Man we played flat last night
knoxsouthy01::And the knicks really think felton is better than lin.
tige4010::Felton is and always will be better Lin is over-sold constantly, he has no clutch factor this year and he's not top 5 In assists with one of the best scorers in the league
bass masta1213::lin led the rockets to a 6 game losing streak lmao
PhilliesFlyersEagles::Jrue Holiday was the best player on that court. Straight up beast mode. Awesome watching Felton not be able to guard him. Then Shupert, Prigioni, Kidd, and whoever else they put on him. Guy could not be stopped.
floyd1243::should have put White on him,
PhilliesFlyersEagles::I got that impression
Izzydoesitagain::Felton can barely guard anyone least alone an all-star
1010vision::Melo take less than 20 shots and pass the ball to your 'teammates' chap. Help the TEAM out or forget it until next season, Bulls will have Rose back soon and are right behind the Knicks. Look at the box scores/schedule when the Knicks win, the team played and Melo you took less than 20 shots. Go Knickerbockers. ;)
Izzydoesitagain::did you notice he lead the team in assist and he would have more if they themselves hit their shot he would have more and taken less shots, also if his teammates quick dribbling out the clock before passing him the ball at times then his misses won't be as bad. kid,shump,felton and smith combine 2 for 26, yeah it's all melo's fault.
1010vision::Yes, look at the Lakers. Does Kobe they play team ball. Are they winning?
1010vision::Look at the box scores when the Knicks won and see. :)
tungcn2010::Any time melo takes more than 25 shots/game the WHOLE team is cold... did you notice that?
rustyburg::What?  How did Collins lose a tooth?
Arbyrick::Why is it when Carmelo and Amare play together the Knicks get worse???
gfugi112::bad chemistry, both players may not like each other...plus Melo may not feed him enough in the post..
bass masta1213::THEY'VE BEEN LOSING SINCE BEFORE AMARE GOT BACK...
Izzydoesitagain::has nothing with not liking each other, the knicks have to many prima donas, felton, smith, amare, chandler and melo all think this team belongs to them and tries to do to much for the team and just ends up hurting them more.
Super Bowl NFL 11-11-93::Hey Knicks fans, your tears taste so good.  Watch when Miami sends you home in tears for a long time in the playoffs.
YankeesRK::yea? say hello to the bulls you wannabe fan.
nba is the worst::Shump is supposed to be an excellent defender, right?  So who was he guarding?
dreiyaaaahh::Wthh knicks!!!!!
nba is the worst::'Melo has taken the lead in FGA/gm and bricks/gm. Today's bricks per gm top 10: 1. 'Melo 12.26 .449 FG% 2. Kobe 11.65 .467 3. Westbrick 10.97 .417 4. Love 10.72 .352 5. Monta 10.52 .403 6. Harden 9.96 .436 7. Jennings 9.87 .405 8. Felton 9.79 .393 9. Gay 9.65 .410 10. Curry 9.46 .434
FrancoNero007::Bye Bye Knicks!
nba is the worst::104-84 112-92
gplace57::NYK not playing as a team.  No flow.
clipctb::Nick Young looked good driving to the hoop, but the Sixers still need to play Allen and Hawes  together more minutes, especially against the Grizzlies.  Play Moultrie a little more until Bynum returns.  Holiday and Turner can be the best backcourt in the league!
Killuminati66x::God this board is still dead, hopefully ill be more alive later
tysonwynn26::especially like the Holiday to dribble to the mid range jump shot around the free throw line area...those play is very good, and Knicks has no defense on those play.
SRQisLegend::as a knick fan, i can say that this game proves that the knicks have zero chance of winning the championship this year.
Killuminati66x::Zero? K
always_wins_at everything::Keep chucking it melo
SCREW WHITES AND BLACKS LETS HATE ON PUERTO RICANS::So that was a great game New York...
Mr. Nut Job::The Knicks always do remind me about not betting on certain teams.  Can't take the Knicks seriously.
POSTBUSTERSo_O::ahhh.....something feels extra special this morning.....maybe its the shlacking the 6ers put on the knicks or maybe its nova beating #3 cuse or maybe its the last two wins the flyers had one of which was over the rangers.....idk...maybe today is just a special day
17nicholas17::I definitely must agree with you there!
Killuminati66x::Well knicks boards are quiet if anyone needs me find me on the laker boards. I gotta go slap the kobe haters
arizonasportsman::It's the Amar'e effect. Knicks will be fine whenever Amar'e returns to the disable :)
Killuminati66x::Amare went 8-13 from the field.  stop it five.
Killuminati66x::I apologize to my knicks fans for not arriving earlier. I was engaged in a 3 hour conversation making amends with a friend of mine  KILLUMINATI IS HERE TO WASH AWAY THE HATERS, SMACK THE FANS, AND BRING LOGIC BACK TO THE KNICKS BOARDS
MrBaxter555::As long as Smith plays a prominent role in the offense, the Knick have zero chance of winning everything....the worst thing that happened to this team was for this clown to hit those game winners....now he thinks he's good...over the last bunch of games, he is 25 for 80 from the floor..ON 2-POINT SHOTS! Between 'watch me throw up 8 for 28, or 6 for 25 Anthony", this team is going nowhere.....they might win the division but the division stinks! This is going to be a hoot watching this team collapse!
Killuminati66x::So let me get this straight, the knicks can't win it all because one of their bench players has gone into a shooting slump?   I'm having a hard time understanding your "logic"
Notta Lespn1::1 jump shooting player went to the line more time in two games last week than both teams combined in the bulls vs wiz contest 2 nite
Snitchy Cent::we didn't lose anything by losing this game cuz brooklyn lost, not even mad, defense needs to step it up, felton needs to get his rythum back, and we need to win tomorrow, we got an easy schedule coming up after atl so we gonna close this last stretch before the all-star break up.
t casey::Y'all lost ground on Miami and the west. Knicks aren't beating Miami without home court advantage, if they even make it that far. For a team with championship aspirations to begin the season, y'all are setting the bar pretty low for your team thinking the only thing that matters is winning your division.
Killuminati66x::Well said, loses happen... just HAVE to play consisten basketball
Notta Lespn1::u lost the chance to go a game up on bk but with that attitude it wasnt meant to be anyway -the Bull market
Notta Lespn1::ok i'll be the 1st to say it melo cost ivo a ring
Killuminati66x::the firs and last ever to say it
Real_Salt Lake::Just imagine a Jrue Holiday, Andrew Bynum combination... damn
Killuminati66x::Philly could do work, but i don't see them much higher than a 6 seed
Notta Lespn1::7-8th sedd at best the east is too physical 4 them boyz
CoreyGallagherArt::No, that is by far the dumbest comment I've been forced to read tonight
EricDavis0822::9 for 28 from Carmela is what cost the knicks the game. Most overrated player in the league.
Killuminati66x::really?   so 2 - 8 for felton, 0-8 for smith, 0-7 for shumpert, and 0-3 from kidd had NOTHING to do with it?
Notta Lespn1::9-28 nate robinson can do that
Notta Lespn1::and all them free agents wanted rose and the precious bulls to RECRUIT and cater to them? Knickerbockers Please, Jimmy Butler do it for less.
KG7706::Thank God Raymond is back , he played a huge roll in our LOSS  .... :(
YaImFromCleveland::Knicks should have kept Lin.  Now mid season is rolling in, and old man Kidd and fatass Felton is out of breath.
NBA1964::Lol at the old and fat comment.
Quincy Miller 30::i laughed at the last part
achoda::FANS : melo, why do you take the shot when you are double or triple teamed. MELO: well, i need my 29 points.  FANS : you took 28 shots to get 25. isn't that bad MELO : i like to average1 point per shot, today i was little off.
teethmold incorporated::Carmelo Anthony is a younger version of Kobe, without the rings! The guy takes way too many shots, and barely makes half of them, guys like this will never lead a team to a title! Unless the Knicks plan on finding a dominant second option, this team isn't going anywhere come playoff time.
achoda::did JR really say thAT he thinks just coz he is thinking too much, thats why his shots aren't falling.  STUPID $@%, YOUR SHOT AIN'T FALLING COZ YOU ARE NOT THINKING AT ALL
34kcb34::haha when did he say that?  he's garbage.  shootin 12% last 2 games.  and thats higher than i thought having watched him play
achoda::man, i don't know what coach is thinking trusting jr like that.
CARMELO4LIFE14::KnicksRangersYanks Yah I flagged him a while ago I saw him saying some weird things I will listen to you but either way I would kick his fat bum anyways you seem like a nice guy we need more people like you on this board ;)
cityhunter4::When the Knicks had a good early run I told you guys that they are all playing way above their career averages, which means they are simply all hitting their hot streak at the same time.  This Knicks team, to put it simply, is the same joke that we've all saw in the last decade.  Melo - he is not Jordan because he never learns to let his teammates help him.  He tries to do everything himself and he will continue to shoot 9 for 28 when the defense also realizes this and collapses on him.  Felton - this guy is a PG that nobody wants and Dolan's spin machine spins him as a PG savior better than Lin.  LOL.  He can't shoot, can't pass, can't defend.  To have a starting job with the Knicks show how pathetic the Knicks are at guard position.  JR Smith - this guy is a brick maker, simple as that.  Shooting 40% for a year is "good" for him.  He isn't even John Starks, who has more good streaks than bad.  Smith has bad shooting (0 to 20%), poor shooting (21% to 35%), and average shooting (36% to 44%).  Rarely does he have a good shooting (45%+) game.  Again, only delusional Knicks fans buying Dolan's crap thinks he's a good SG.  So the Knicks have a joker at PG in Felton, a joker at SG in Smith, and a ballhog SF in Melo.  This Knicks team will finish below .500, mark my words.
KnicksRangersYanks::I don't think Woodson finishes the season
Killuminati66x::put down the crack pipe
yata-9arasu::Lol.  Knicks have really cooled off.  Can't continue to shot over 40+ % from 3.  This isn't NBA 2K13...  Oh and btw....  THE KNICKS ON 2K ARE CHEESE!
CARMELO4LIFE14::First of all Im not going to sit here and put punctuation marks because Im too lazy too and Im not in school but you on the other hand are either too serious, some grammar freak or a pedo for asking me where i go to school to. And btw Im no kid Im 5'10 and still growing
KnicksRangersYanks::Btw I flagged him, you should too
KnicksRangersYanks::Dude he's obviously a pedo... Stop chatting w him
CARMELO4LIFE14::Do you think the people who post in here try to post correctly?
cityhunter4::Melo 9 for 28 Felton 2 for 8 JR Smith 0 for 8  I'm so glad the BIG THREE is working out great for the Knicks.  LOL
KnicksRangersYanks::Amare played great
