44burner::.
44burner::.
The_Dukie4::Worst team i have ever seen...
44burner::,
44burner::,
Charlieisgone::Huh? Deron Williams does not hold the franchise record. Julius Erving does with 63.
44burner::,
whitepeoplelovewaynebrady::Unlike the NFL, the ABA-NBA merger was more of an "expansion" of the original NBA.  The league just took the four most profitable teams out of the ABA while THAT league and all the other teams folded.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::nfl doesnt keep track of afl records either. it was a diffrent league
Charlieisgone::You are incorrect. The NFL does recognize AFL stats. Don't believe me? See this.  http://static.nfl.com/static/content/public/image/history/pdfs/Records/All_Time_Records_Indiv_2011.pdf  Besides, the stat was for team record and well Julius Erving holds the team record regardless of league association.
Charlieisgone::so? That doesn't make it less of an achievement. I don't know why the NBA chooses to completely ignore these things.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::aba
sportspotpourri::Just an interesting perspective. When MJ dropped 69 on the Cavs, he only shot 11 free throws.
rajonMVProndo::They beat the Bobcats by 3 and had a player score 57 points.... Thats the Nets
haysu.christo::I think DWill has found the $@%!$ in the Bobcats armor.
haysu.christo::the c-hink dammit, the c-hink
wetalkinboutpractice33::57 is still impressive....nah who am i kidding its the boobcats
..TheSixthHeatle..::how many think DWill is off to the Lakers next year?
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::no1
jmattw2891::DWill is my guy but the Nets and Bobcats are so irrelevant that no one knew he had 57 til monday afternoon.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::ummm it was a pretty big buzz last night. guess ur 2 irrelevant to realize
GilHodges014::Williams' 57 on the Nets is good but, serious?, Obama coulda put 40 on 'em in the same game.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::http://youtu.be/-yIR8wABVBI
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::bucher likes nets odds at howard and dwill. sorry troll mav fans, u keep coming here and saying ur SURE dwill and dwight will be on dallas, every expert and article is saying nets. every logical reasoning is saying nets too.
conlevis2::57 points against the Bobcats is like scoring 20 against any other team
snapsthekid::lol
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::scoring 57 on bobcats are like scoring 57 on any other nba team. they might suck but they are still nba players. bobcats pgs are pretty good too, dj autastine and kemba walker aren't bad at all
THE REAL SASHA VUYACIC::Deron Williams  16 for 29 FGM-A 55% 4-11 3FGM-A 36% 21 for 21 FTM-A 100% 7 Assist 6 Rebounds 1 Steal 1 Block 5 Turnovers  57 Points - 21 FT = 36 points of 29 shots  Kobe   28-46 FGM-A 60% 7-13 FGM-A 53% 18-20 FTM-A 90% 2 Assist 6 Rebounds 3 Turnovers 3 Steals 1 Block  81 Points - 20 FT = 61 points off 46 Attempts  w/ PG Smush Parker ( No longer in league ) w/ C Chris Mihm ( Hasn't played since 2009 ) w/ PF Kwame #1 pick Brown ( Stone hands ) still a walking joke w/ SF Lamar Odom ( Headcase; inconsistant, sent to D League )
asilbs25::that kobe can take more shots in a game and get applause for it
DPetro10::your point????
hopefulMD::Breaking down big day for point guards  http://bettersport.blogspot.com/2012/03/big-day-for-point-guards-breakdown.html
DPetro10::Canyouhandlethetruth2 are you stupid?
plongname::Nice blog post about Rondo and DWILL. I agree with you that Rondo is good but not DWILL good.
canyouhandlethetruth2::I think Williams thinks he is a shooting guard not a point guard but again the Nets can't shoot.
Cadillac-Too-Cold::I Know MJ had something to say when Kobe scored 81, saying he wouldn't have allowed it. I wonder what he's got to say to his team about allowing Williams to drop 57 on them.
haysu.christo::MJ: "See? I didn't allow DWill to drop 81 on us!"
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Nothing. He's running his team in the ground so his ex wife doesn't get much. Ironic thing is the guy he bought the team from used to own BET. He got divorced and his wife got a billion dollars.
nordic muskrat::Even though playing Charlotte is like playing Etowah High School, it's still pretty impressive!
plongname::like playing Etowah High School's B-squad.
InternetCensorship::...... and they still almost lost to the worst team in the NBA.
AVERYBRADLEYDSUP::Who had the better game yesterday, Rajon Rondo or Deron Williams?   http://bostonsportsblog.net/2012/03/05/who-had-the-better-night-rondo-or-williams/
staugtrader::He will never score that much when he is in Dallas and has other players around him.  Billy King should be canned now.  He gives up 2 players and 2 first round picks for a point guard?  Although he is better than Devon Harris,  point guard was not the number one priority.  Now if the Nets do not get Howard,  Williams will go elsewhere.  How can any GM worth his weight give up that much for a player without at least getting an extended contract from him?
truthhurts2much::I'd like to see Rondo get that type of triple double with Kris Humphries and Sheldon Williams catching his passes.
SHAQcarriedKOBE::21 FT's? The NBA is a JOKE these days....
fortwintee1::If you cant stop him....foul him.....duh!
cashmoneemilly::Fantastic performance by D Will!!!!  However, it is erroneously being reported on several sites as a Nets franchise scoring record.  Note that the article that appears on the NBA's official site (hopefully still up) does not report his performance as a franchise record.  The Nets franchise dates back to when they were the New York Nets of the ABA (a league as rich in talent, but not as rich financially as the NBA).  The Nets franchise scoring record was a 63 point performance authored by Julius "Dr. J." Erving.  I love Deron Williams' game and this stellar performance!  However it was not a Nets franchise record.
norrisou3::21 FT attempts?  The Nets record book should look like this  57*
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::They couldn't stop him, so they put him on the line.  He hit his shots.
JEREMY_RIN::I'M BETTER THAN DERON WILLIAMS, BING BONG.
patches8589::d will is making an audition to join the lake show XD
seth.gillentine::Im a Mavs fan i know without  a doubt D-WIll or Howard is coming here.. all these other Mav favs are delusional.. Howard is going to the Nets and if he dont then D-Will is leaving and really thats the only chance of him coming here.. But i hope they are both in Brooklyn by next year i wanna see those 2 play together and become a contender in the east in a year or 2. There both great players i wish them both the best.
seth.gillentine::Dallas is done they are not winning anymore they are the oldest team in the NBA and they are not getting any younger..
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Howard and D Will are gonna be Mavericks. Brooklyn will have to rely on the draft. Maybe they'll get Anthony Davis. If he and D Will linked up in Brooklyn, they would still be getting knocked out of the playoffs. If they both want to win NOW, they will go to Dallas.
Memnoch9299::You sound like the opposite of a Mavs fan
seth.gillentine::And no i just dont BS when it comes to things like this.. Like if Mavs are playing like s.hit like they are now Mavs fans try and make excuses for them if they are playing like s.hit then that is what it means there is no need to walk your way around it facts are facts
seth.gillentine::*Not Coming here
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Man, people will find any reason to disrespet DWill.  I don't care what team he did it against, it's still 57 points against a team full of NBA quality players.  Give the man the respect he's due.
conlevis2::does it really count?  I mean, he was playing against the Bobcats.
Packers3821::Williams Scoring 57 points against the Bobcats is like Yao ming beating Earl Boykins in a who's tallest contest.
apietman::So he can score 57 in a game against a bad team, he still lacks heart!!!
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Haven't seen anybody else do it, have you?
Sportsfanatic3379::The NBA is all about offense now. It seems like any player can score 40 on any given night now. I miss the late 80's and early to late 90's when teams played great defense. I am not a fan of the Heat, but it is good to see the Heat and my Bulls play great D. Stern ruined the game with his offense friendly rules.
Memnoch9299::Deron Williams is a special player, not a hall of famer (not yet at least) but he's an all star and a top 5 point guard in the league. It's not like we're talking about Jordan Farmar or Jarret Jack or Steve Blake or Kwame Brown here
Sportsfanatic3379::Michael Jordan, Bird, Hakeem, David Robinson, Ewing, Clyde Drexler and Karl Malone were special players so it wasn't a surprise if they scored 50 in a game. D. Williams isn't a special player. Players are scoring in the 40's quite often now.
tdawg44446::dude, Michael Jordan scored 50 or more points 36 times in his career.  Plenty of players scored 50+ in the late 80's
aikens97::4-31 is downright pitiful
Bhintage::If there is any stat that is anything to brag about, it's his 21-21 at the line.  4-11 at the 3point line, 16-29 from the field, not so great.
Trade the Hawks Front Office::Anyone who wants their point guard taking 29 attempts doesn't get it.
Trade the Hawks Front Office::The Nets as a team are shooting 42.5% on the season, which is higher than DWill's %, so the team is hardly just throwing up bricks.  I'm not saying the win isn't the result of DWill having a monster night.  He deserves credit for the win.  But every PG's responsibility should be to make his team better, and building on a PG who doesn't is why the Nets are 12-26.
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Sure it does if the PG is your only offensive threat.  How many times do you expect him to go down the court and pass only to watch his teammate throw up a brick?
Trade the Hawks Front Office::No argument. Still doesn't change the fact that a PG should never be taking 4 times as many shots as the next closest player.
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Have you seen the rest of that team?  He's just about the only guy worth a $@%!.
aikens97::its over 50 percent
Oaktown1029::16-29 isn't great? LOL
tdawg44446::You wouldn't take 16-29 from the field?
Bhintage::Kobe had 81 against Toronto.  What's the big deal?
truthhurts2much::If DWill took as many shots as Kobe, he'd have 81 points too.  Also, Dwill had 7 assists (so he passed about 20-30 times).  Kobe had 0 assists and passed only twice in that game.  If DWill had 0 assists, he'd have about 90 points easy.
Packers3821::Yeah, cause this sort of thing happens every day. Was't that like 6 years ago?
aikens97::and he shot over 50 percent and it was mostly jumpshots
PortlandBlazers1004::So if it's so easy to get 57 against the Bobcats, why haven't other players done it? Give credit where credit is due. I've been saying it for the past 2 and 1/2 years, DWill is the best PG.
DPetro10::Rondo blows at shooting and sucks at the line d-will did not miss that game. DWILL&gt; Rondo
Bhintage::Rando is better.  He's got the hardware to prove it.  Besides a point guard is supposed to pass and make others better around him.  Not score 50+ points.
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Rondo?!?!  HAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAAA!  *gasp*  HAHAHAHAHHAAAAHAHA!  And you're telling other people they have no clue?
PortlandBlazers1004::Name one other point guard as complete as him in terms of being able to score at will, shoot well, be a great general manager and play defense.
Trade the Hawks Front Office::Great general managers don't lead their teams to 12-26...
Bhintage::Keep hoisting up shots and you'll get 50 against them too.
Bhintage::NOT!!!
Bhintage::50+ points against the worst team in the league.  Congratulations on your worthless stats.
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::What are you, some bitter hater from a Big 10 team that got abused by DWill while he was at Illinois?
truthhurts2much::LOL good one.
Thunder90210::It might've come against the worst team in the NBA, but this has to be the best performace of the year.
DPetro10::He did it twice so Bhintage go suck your moms dick
Memnoch9299::Negative Bhintage, Jason Kidd has done it since Wilt and Oscar and so has Magic Johnson.
Trade the Hawks Front Office::Not true... Jason Kidd has only had two games with 17 or more rebounds and neither were 17-17-17 games. Also he lost both of those games..
Bhintage::Rando's triple double would beg to differ.  First to do it since Wilt and Oscar.
dannmd410::Best point guard in the league.....fact
Bhintage::You have absolutley no clue do you?
cedrickjoumas::He scores 57 but he still 43pts shy of the all time record..that's incredible.
joeh4384::MJ is as terrible as a GM as great as he was as a player.
SK00lYA::sentence fail. Two points for attempting such a difficult one though.
clemsontigers65::if the Nets don't lock D-Will down, and do everything they can to add Dwight Howard....it will be a joke. Come on Prokhorov, work some Russian magic.
TheTakeover06::With a 4 and 31 record, sincerely hope that MJ isnt paying those clowns any more than the rookie minimum. I would release my entire team in the offseason and start all over. I bet there are some college teams that can beat them.....shame.
big1dunny::Great performance by D-Will but Rondo's game was better based on the sure fact that NOBODY has done what he did in almost 50 years. It's historic only been done TWICE in the game's history and that was by Wilt and Big O and both did it in the 60's. Plenty of guys have scored 57. Hell Kobe alone has done it 6 times. In my lifetime I've seen it dozens of times. But in my lifetime never seen anyone do what rondo did. And unless you 60-70 years you aint seen it in your lifetime either.
Memnoch9299::If you're talking about 15+ triple double, Magic Johnson did it and Jason Kidd did it too
aikens97::points win games just sayin.
Bhintage::This guy gets it.  Points are overrated.  Just like Williams.
Trade the Hawks Front Office::Ty Lawson's game was better too. A rebound away from a triple double and got the win AT San Antonio.
asdfadsfadsfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfa::march 15th trade deadline, means $@%! is a about to hit the fan
jrbabb86::The NBA's too stacked with PG's right now. With Nash, Tony Parker, CP3, D. Williams, Westbrook, Rondo, oh and the reigning MVP DRose, there's no room for all these talented up-and-comers in future all star games.  Sorry, Ricky Rubio, Stephan Curry, Kyrie Irvington, Jeremy Lin, Ty Lawson, and Devon Harris, I see very few all-star bonus checks in your future.
TheTakeover06::Lets not get carried away now......rubio is slowly proving himself......and he is a great passer.......but he is no where close to D-Williams.
goatlost::Dont know where you have been. rubio had 10 assits in a quarter Friday night.
jrbabb86::Rubio is definitely not better than Williams right now.  Give Williams Love and that's a #4 or #5 team in the East.
goatlost::Rubio is better than Parker and Williams right now.
asdfadsfadsfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfa::$@%! just got real
rhowe982::Has anyone scored more points on only 24 shots? Amazing game for Williams. Seriously?
TheTakeover06::Well.......he was playing against the Bobcats.........so its slightly discredited.......just like Kobe's 81 against Toronto.
Minoli87::Williams is great, but not the best.   I'd take Paul, and Rose over him, in that order. Then Williams, followed by Rondo.   Great performance though, doesn't matter who the opponent is, appreciate the 57 he dropped.
austuc33::still take williams and rondo over westbrook over
Minoli87::Forgot, Paul, Rose, Westbrook, Williams, Rondo.   Thanks, knew I was forgetting someone.
goatlost::Where is Westbrook fool.
figuer25::Damn lol WTF this matches R3eggie Millers career high...could he have done this against a 90s defense? prob not. This is about as convincing as Kobes 81 to me...  Great players, but not that easy to do against REAL NBA teams lol bobcats are terrible and have two PGs who are like 5'11 and 6 ft and the raptors were horrible when Kobe scores his 81.
goatlost::Mj is a fraud of a gm and owner. How do you let Williams score 57 let alone 40 on you is laghable.He is maybe the 4th or 5th best pg in the game. I would take Westbrook,Rose or even Rubio over him any day of the week.Cant wait till the The Thunder play the lady bobcats next week maybe Durant and Westbrook can both put up 50+!
goatlost::Yep I would take him too.
Matterofact::but not CP3?
