Preston Tripp::Trey Burke is going to get some really good lessons from Tony Parker thats for sure. Ginobili vs hayward, Parker vs Trey Burke, and Duncan vs Favors. Some pretty awesome core match ups!
Grant Oxenrider::burke is coming along nicely and seems to be a smart player, very impressed with him so far
Zach Stevens::Was at this game (Spurs fan). The Jazz should be pretty good in a few years if all their young guys continue to develop. They show flashes. Duncan got off to a slow start offensively and still finished with quite a stat line. I don't think Ayres is very good. And I'm not just talking about this game. He wasn't finishing around the basket at all and he started for Splitter. Give his minutes to Baynes who looked real good.
Keith Rhodes::Mills, Ginobili, Belinelli, Diaw, and Baynes have got to be the best bench five in the league, especially the way they play together.
Blixa Ridgeback::ginobili + belinelli = awesome (best bench in the league!)
Francis Gagné::Ginobili the flopper
Sean Potter::Haters gonna hate
Francis Gagné::Sean Potter : not a hater, Ginobili could get a second career as actor. He's a great player doh
Ryan Virnig::Is anyone out for the spurs this game?
Anthony Lawrence::If I'm not mistaken, I believe Splitter and Baynes are still going to be out! So far tho we been fine without them.
Ryan Virnig::yeah I wasn't sure if Pop was going to bench anyone due to the back to back, a little surprised by the line might take Spurs tonight.
Carter Reed Lawson::Ryan Virnig I was surprised by this line as well. So I took the Spurs, I really hope I dont find out Pop is resting the starters!!
Blixa Ridgeback::#ManuFor6MOY  --- go spurs go!
David Sobel::The YAHOO'S saying we should trade Timmy are insane! 1) you do not trade a player who took a contract for less so the team could sign better role player's 2) you do not trade away the heart of your low block defense 3) you do not trade a player whose number will hang in the rafters in a few years 4) the Spurs only trade players that are a problem 5) you do not win 50+ games a year in the Western Conference by buying a team and listening to insane people who do not know the Process 6) when Timmy retires on his terms his replacement is already playing in France
Jared Johnson::Agreed. Only one yahoo was saying that, and he's the same guy that wrote on a Mavs board saying Dirk rode the coattails of Chandler and Barea for his championship in 2011. He's just trying to get a rise out of us.
Keith Rhodes::#1 is really all you need. There is no player or combination of players you could get for Duncan that would improve the team, once you factor in the salary effects. Plus the earth would split and swallow you whole for doing it.
Tatyana Kuptsevich::I'm thinking that was a joke. Everyone knows that none of the Big Three will ever get traded.
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Marvin Williams, the king of garbage time with a mean dunk when no one is bothering to guard anymore, lol. Good job, Spurs, in not falling asleep completely tonight - you could tell they were not very interested in playing in Utah tonight but still put out a halfway decent effort. Now, please take care of the Clips on Monday. They are a little too annoying.
Emil E. Matula III::Aron Baynes is an odd player to watch.  Like Tiago Splitter, Baynes's game is below the rim.  However, Baynes is like a sumo wrestler on the court; if he simply stays put and stands his ground on the low block, he is the immovable object.  I'm glad to see he is contributing to the Spurs' offense while Splitter is out.
Carl JR Lemaster::Got a 5 team parlay and all I need is the under on this game to be U 195, if this happens I just turned 50 bucks into 1250 bucks STINK IT UP BOTH TEAMS PLEASE!!!
Bo Sherman::Winner winner chicken dinner!  I just won $12,000 on fan duel in the last 2 weeks
Carl JR Lemaster::I'm mclovin it haha nice job to you too brother (: now time to lose it all haha well at least for me ;D
Mike Wagener::Aaron  Baynes needs to see more minutes.  WHo's with me?
Richard Franco::1st (1) Facebook Elimination Tournament - Sponsored by Perez Franco Funeral Services www.perezfrancofuneralservices.com https://www.facebook.com/rbfakastorm/posts/10201244053448316   December 14, 2013 - 8:00pm San Antonio Spurs vs. Utah Jazz http://espn.go.com/nba/preview?gameId=400489222 #08. Iliana PreciousRoxy Martinez - San Antonio Spurs #57. Julissa I. Barrera - Utah Jazz
John Osaki Jr.::Another "fine" game by the Big Fundamental! Big-Time Duncan fans, checkout his awesome chapter and #8 ranking in the new edition 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Tim Autrey::Good game for the Spurs. Way to go! Tim Duncan had a good game. Honestly I feel as if he has a little amp in him, so I think it is best they consider trading him and getting something before it's too late when he runs out of fuel. Good game nonetheless.
Nico Palomar::NO IDIOT DUNCAN WILL FINISH HIS CARRER AS A SPUR
Jorge Ivan Franceschi::That's blasphemous, Tim. TD is the heart and soul of the Spurs, and the front office would NEVER trade him. He has accepted a reduced role and still performs at a near-elite level, and without him there are no championships in San Antonio. Even with the 4 rings, we wouldn't get anyone in return that could legitimately help us win a fifth ring. He is the defensive anchor of the team.  The whole point of keeping the team together as much as possible is to help Tim get a 5th ring. As Coach Pop always says, "When he goes, I go."
Tim Autrey::Just bet on it. Lebron James will replace Timmy Duncan. Duncan is a knight, but Lebron is a king. 2015 Spurs champions, Lebron 2015 Finals MVP. Bet on it!
Juan Madrigal-Zamora::should be an easy win for the spurs tonight, but after this game we got 4 WC teams above .500 to play so hopefully we atleast get 3 out of 4 wins those next four games. Spurs havent had good enough quality opponents past few games i would say.
Preston Tripp::Thats what Denver was thinking too hahaha
Sean Potter::Spurs and Denver should not be compared.
Blixa Ridgeback::yea, the spurs are a much better team overall.....
Matt Connelly::Why is Enes Kanter not getting more minutes?!?!?! I thought the whole point of this tank season was to get the young Jazz nucleus lots of experience. So frustrating.
Jorge Ivan Franceschi::Tim Duncan is officially the most efficient player in the league - 22 points, 11 rebounds, 3 assists in 29 minutes of action.
Tim Autrey::True! I think he has a bit of power left in him. I wonder what his contract is. Perhaps, if the powers in control is willing to let go, just maybe they could trade Tim Duncan and get something to help the Spurs get over that hump to win the finals. Go Spurs! Good game Timmy.
Jared Johnson::Tim Autrey Ok you are not a Spurs fan
Tim Autrey::Jared Johnson i am a Spurs fan. A logical one at that.
Grant Oxenrider::jazz sure are getting some lousy calls tonight! spurs paying refs tonioght?
Emil E. Matula III::Solid win tonight, solid win vs. Minnesota!  GO SPURS!!
Shek Leone::lost spurs over 101 wow cant believe it.........
Noah Peart::SA a little less boring than previous years
Nico Palomar::BORING BUT THEY WIN ALWAYS
Tatyana Kuptsevich::The Spurs haven't been boring in a while. This year they are extra fun because of the great bench chemistry, more aggressive Kawhi, and the new and improved Patty Mills. Manu is just having way too much fun with this group.
Tim Autrey::Spurs are fun to watch. I wish they could get better and more entertaining if they could get Lebron James to replace Tim Duncan. No hating though. Duncan is good but Lebron is KING!. Spurs all the way though.
Shek Leone::spurs playing lazy and stupid wake up!!!
Bo Sherman::Utah is awful.
Francis Gagné::They rebuilding... like the Spurs couple of years ago
Francis Gagné::Kane Foster They built with the draft. Jazz trying to use the same path. Nice game !
Nico Palomar::TIM DUNCAN DESERVES ANOTHER RING TO ADD TO HIS LEGACY
Nico Palomar::22 POINTS 12 REBOUNDS NO BAD FOR A 37 YEARS OLD
Graham Strouse::I'm gonna be 41 in a month--I always root for the old guys! And Timmy will always be one of my all-time fave 4s! Sir Charles, The Mailman & Dirk are the others.
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Timmy is the greatest. I don't know how I'll be watching basketball once he's out of the game. The Spurs won't be the same.
Tim Autrey::I hope Tim Duncan plays even better. It can help his trade value.
