Name changed to protect the innocent3::Duncan is the best PF ever. EVA!!!!!
NOVABuffalo::As a Spurs fan I don't have any issue with CP3 calling out the travel.  He is likely looking for an edge next time out for his team.  Duncan did travel, but I think the official is likely looking at the upper body not the feet in that situation.  Once the defender left his feet --- that was an automatic foul, always is and always should be.
Joe121697::hey travelled anyway but whatever the spurs always get their way
NOVABuffalo::"always get their way" ---- like when fouled at the end of the playoff game and no call .... get a grip obn reality.  just another sore Suns fan
Joe121697::traveled* my bad
smokydabear44::Mr. Paul complains that Tim Duncan traveled , really someone is going to get called for traveling in the NBA ??    Come on man get real .................................
xpo323::Tony Parker is the best pg in the league. This is coming from a HUGE Lakers fan.
Davethegeek::Parker tugs on Paul's jersey for a split moment = foul.  Paul shoves Parker to the court after inbounds = meh.
Prometheus Guns::cp3 elbows Leonard midair during dunk. Then complains TD21 traveled.   CP3 seems to have a nice image, but the dude is dirty as Karl Malone.
jackp16::Another "monster"  game for Timmy. This guy never ceases to amaze.
SpursManiac4Ever::Highlight of the night for me was Timmah rejecting Griffin on an attempted monster dunk over Duncan; yes, they called a foul, but Blake got taken to the woodshed (and the floor) on that one.  :o)
Prometheus Guns::It was like watching two trains collide into eachother at mach 2. EPIC!!!
I hate Jerry Jones::bet we will never see a replay of that on DisnESPN.  That was indeed awesome, Timmy is incredible.
MavsHater4ever::That was priceless!!!!!!
Justafan26::Shut up CP.  Everyone travels in the NBA now, and so do you on a consistent basis.   Quit crying and acting like so many losers in the past have for this terrible franchise.
kaharevic::Yes it was a travel, but it was also an amazing shot. But what annoys me is that if the was Lebron EVERYONE would be saying that was a travel.
fallsoversteve::Lebron travels all the time. especially when he dunks. its extremely obvious
DrJack76::Guys travel on that kind of move in the paint all the time.  It would never have been called on Lebron.  Traveling happens all the time down low and end of game situations is rarely ever called no matter who it is.
kamelman::So different rules for different players and at different times of the game.  That makes Duncan's travel acceptable?  No it just points out how flawed the NBA's officiating system is and how it makes the league a joke.
2PantherMed::Just cause CP3 was being honest about the travel doesn't mean he was a sore loser.  If Duncan wasn't allowed to travel,   Paul wouldn't be a loser at all.
Hollerationatory::If you want to point out one missed call, then you have to point out all of them...and the Clippers got the benefit of plenty.
DrJack76::Agreeing with you.
mkwan0::Paul's comments were not sour grapes, they were just a reaction to a dissappointing loss.  Duncan probably did travel, but you can't focus on a missed call, as there were probabably a handful of missed calls in both directions
SpursManiac4Ever::Yeah, and Duncan probably got fouled about half a dozen more times than were called; so what?
DrJack76::Like the shove on Kawhi Leonard's dunk attempt and the wrestling move that Deandre Jordan put on Tony Parker's head.
Vaquero In The House::Bottom line, Chris Paul is a sore loser!!
kennyx4::He traveled," Paul said. "I can say that, right? He traveled. I just looked at the film. He traveled. He made an unbelievable shot, though. We have to do better. I'm not trying to take anything away from him. It was an unbelievable big-time shot. That's why he's one of the best power forwards to ever play the game. But, he traveled."  Shut up Chris Paul.  Sore losers never win.
DalvinSplit::CP will never win playoffs series against  T Parker. Never.!!
SpursManiac4Ever::TP9 &gt;&gt;&gt;CP3    Period!!!
DalvinSplit::How about Tim Duncan ?  Next month he will be 37 years old .!!!? True Champion,living basketball legend .Unbelivable  state of the mind  to play hard and win  every single night.  The basketball world will lose  BIG ,BIG  time player once he retire .Glad have chance to wach him play ,Because this type of basketball player come once in life time . Good luck Timmy on your # 5 Championship run .
Vaquero In The House::kennyx4 - I agree, Dirk shouldn't even be mentioned in the same sentence as Tim Duncan.  A Drunk Monk - Get your mouth off the knob, cause you're full of it, take that to the bank...
A Drunk Monk::You seem like a real class act.
A Drunk Monk::When him, and by extension Dirk, retire I can't really think of any big that can play that kind of flawless post game. It's so beautifully unstoppable to watch
mkwan0::A Drunk Monk - Get over yourself (or in this case...another guy?), Dirk is one of the best players in the game.  Dirk is a true superstar and a class guy.  He played team oriented, selfless ball.  in that respect, he and Duncan transcend other stars that make their teammates worse.  But it is fair to say that Dirk is a level below Duncan in terms of how he affected the game.  Duncan is at the same level, or just slightly below, era defining players like MJ, Magic, Bird, etc.
A Drunk Monk::Get over yourself (or in this case...another guy?), Dirk is one of the best players in the game.
kennyx4::Dirk should not be mentioned in the same breath as Tim Duncan.
DalvinSplit::Dirk  was  awesome player also ,more offencive  force  !!  then defence !
brandonlee561heat22::Would have been nice to see both Miami and SA at full strength on Sunday
mkwan0::The reality is that the Spurs have to be considered full strength without Manu.  Even when he played this year, he was not as impactful.  Sadly, this looks like the wind down of Manu's career.  Manu, please prove me wrong!
I hate Jerry Jones::unfortunately i agree with you - MANU will always be my favorite player - he is (was?) an incredible talent, humble, willing to come off the bench, no ego and won MANY games and series for us with his offense and defense.  But unfortunately I think we're seeing him in the twilight of his career - he's suffered way too many bumps and bruises.  "El Contusion" - we love you!
kennyx4::I hope Lebron gets hit by a bus.
brandonlee561heat22::Well,obviously they will be ready. It just would have been nice to see both teams go at 100%
DalvinSplit::Who is if anibody  missing to Miami  ?
DalvinSplit::Without Ginobili Spurs will be ready for Miami . Lets see Miami now when they play as Marine against  Marine  for the change .
witelightnin::I'm a Clippers fan, and they are WAY too soft to win a championship or even come close this year.  They will win 1 playoff round, then be challenged by a good team and fold like they always do.  It's sad with the amount of talent they have that they aren't better.  Really sad.
DrJack76::Last second huddle last night:  Pass it to Chris on the block.  DelNegro:  "Chris, just throw one of your patented flops and see if we can get the call and tie the game of FT's.  What's for dinner?
witelightnin::I agree with you.  I think a better coach could get a LOT more out of these players.  But until they can actually beat a good team and not choke down the stretch, they are soft.  The past 2 months, they have not beaten a top quality team, and this is supposed to be the time of the year when you are IMPROVING.  Right now, looks like other teams are improving and the Clippers are going backwards.  And yes, a lot of that is bad coaching.  But not closing out games is on the players just as much, and that's why they are soft.
A Drunk Monk::I can respect that. But I'd like to point out the last two possessions of the game, one for the Clippers and one for the Spurs.  The Clippers had a 1 point lead and ran a "Part the Red Sea" kind of offense...aka Chris Paul stood in the middle of the court while his team watched on both ends of the floor for about 18 seconds of the shot clock. Then Chris predictably drove to the lane and turned the ball over.  The Spurs, down 1, ran a comprehensive play that got their hottest player the ball (Tim Duncan), and completed it for the win. I should add Pop had about 6 seconds of offense to work with here too...compared to a full 24.
A Drunk Monk::I'm a Clips fan too and you can't be mad at the players for this loss tonight. I'd place it on Vinny Del Moron, poor use of timeouts, leaving DJ out there to get hacked for multiple possessions, no playcalling at the end of game.   The Clips held the Spurs to under 30% shooting in the 4th, that's NOT soft.
Vaquero In The House::Yeah, and don't forget to mention how damn dirty the Clippers play.  Pushing off, c'mon give me a break.
A Drunk Monk::Calm down, every team does a little extra to win that's not in the rule book. Moving screens, flops, etc. See Parker last night, he was on the floor nearly every play
diehardnr1::Thanks for the help Spurs....almost makes up for the DEN loss in SanAn  :-)  Kudos to Duncan for the GW shot....dude is still a beast when it counts!
Prometheus Guns::See. Were not all bad :)
TritonManta::I got you bro - Cliff Paul
Prometheus Guns::Denver fans must like us again. If we beat Denver then lost to LAC, Denver would have been pissed. lol   Good, we want Denver vs OKC in the semi's to kill eachother in 7 games.
BarrelRider04::Clippers haven't beaten a top Western Conference team since January 14!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What a joke!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A Drunk Monk::Happy with last night's loss considering they've been getting blown out in the previous matchups. If they play like they did last night they'll be alright.
A Drunk Monk::Okay.
kennyx4::NOT.
ThomasLovesFootball::No that's not a joke, here's joke.   Who is the longest active NBA team to never make it to the finals?   Answer: The Clippers! :)  #2...The Denver Nuggets.
ThomasLovesFootball::I hope the Spurs play the Bulls in the Championship. Both teams have never lost in the finals and it would make for one hell of a show. Plus it's about time for them both to make an appearance and for someone to upset the Heat, which I think the Bulls can do.
Prometheus Guns::That would be very interesting. It would be the only thing to get Rose to play.
Rocketswin2013::Yeah, all the Kobe hate stops at career. His career is the biggest active in the NBA. Seriously i hate the Lakers but the hate is getting overblown and making people look like fools.
kennyx4::Kobe - Shaq = 2 championships + 36000 points.  Think it over.
I hate Jerry Jones::get that freakin' KOBE talk off this board....this is a TIM DUNCAN board!
fred66121::Duncan has the biggest active career. He is the best of his generation.
Rumrunner66::The FTs looked like the difference tonight how do you go 1-8 at the line in the NBA?
I hate Jerry Jones::When you play "hack-a-Deondre jordan", thats how...the dude was 0-6 from the line.  Pop is the best coach in the NBA..and has been for about 10 years
I hate Jerry Jones::When you play "hack-a-Deondre jordan", thats how...the dude was 0-6 from the line.  Pop is the best coach in the NBA..and has been for about 10 years
kennyx4::He was 1 out of 8.
desmond240::so with all the talent on the clippers , they can't win a ring
Hondo Kid::j
Hondo Kid::espn sux.  cant wait till  fox sports goes to town on four letter jerks
Hondo Kid::the walking dead thread?   espn mods promoting espn dead
phil0323::I honestly think cp3 should go to the bobcats and pad his stats and give up on getting a ring cause he's just not good enough.
uclabig::Maybe Chris Paul should stop complaining and start trying to play some D.  How many times is he gonna play a top tier point guard and look like the second best guard out there.  The media can call him the best all they want, but Parker, Russ, Lawson, and Curry have been whoopin him all year and think otherwise.  I'm tired of hearing about this overrated player and his team.  One of the biggest floppers in the league complaining about calls.  smh
DrJack76::Chris Paul flops way too much.  In first half, he initiates minimal contact with Parker after a screen and flies backwards ten feet.  He then gets up laughing.  Play the game like a real man Chris Paul.
HookemHorns1957::Agree UCLA - I was at the game and there is no way either Paul or Griffin have any room to be complaining about calls.  They got lots of calls to go their way in that game, especially in the first half.  It evened out after Pop's tech, but up to then it was pretty lopsided in favor of Clips.   Also agree with you, Monk.  Barnes did a much better job defending Tony than Paul.
witelightnin::Yep, CP3 is not a lockdown defender.  A lot of it is due to his size.  He's amazingly quick and has great hands, but his defensive positioning and lack of length allow others to get by him and get to the hoop easily.  He's the best facilitator in the league by far, and the best ball handler.  He used to be the best all-around, not so sure anymore.
A Drunk Monk::I'm a Clipper fan and I somewhat agree. He's still an amazing offensive floor general, but on defense he gets lit up.   Notice in the 4th they had Barnes on Parker and all of a sudden the Spurs had no offensive game in that quarter.
phil0323::I love you.
tomBabauts::Duncan's career &gt; Kobe's?
DrJack76::Exactly.  He is the superstar whose loyalty and character are unmatched in NBA.
josh_ooh_ahh::I'm a huge spurs fan phil... but come on. Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili will both be first ballot hall-of-famers.
Cowboys_Spurs512::Thats why he said buy. Tony and Manu were drafted, not payed to leave their team...
No-account drifter::Sure. Also his character, intelligence, leadership, wit, and life.
phil0323::and duncan doesn't need to buy future hall of famers to get rings (shaq, gasol, nash, maybe howard)
TWex2120::Chris Paul has been making excuses time and time again for his shortcomings when it counts. He wants to talk about traveling but when Matt Barnes shoved Duncan to the floor and they took it back for a travel layup for Odom it was no big deal. The calls cancelled themselves out and from what i can tell the foul pushed Tim off balance too. Game over. Spurs win.
phil0323::And DeAndre knocked out Parker too. No foul call.
BexyIndy55::As a Spurs fan it pains me to say it but I think Manu should think probably hang it up at the end of the season.  His body has simply hit a breaking point in professional sports and won't let him do what he used to do best.
DrJack76::I think they re-sign him for way less money (maybe 5-6 mil for two years).  The Spurs are loyal to their stars so he will not be done unless he says he is done.  They could use the savings to get a slasher similar to him to allow him to play less.
MavsHater4ever::Nando De Colo is Manu's heir apparent. The young guy has star potential. Within three years I can see Nando and Kawhai running things. Add a few smart pieces and the Spurs stay relevant.. I feel bad for Manu's mediocre regular season, but let's hope he has a few more tricks up his sleeve when the playoffs come around. It would be nice to see the guy have one last good solid playoff run with the Spurs. He has it in him.
markmaggot::People were saying similar things about TD a few years ago. Maybe we should have him rest this summer and see how he does next year.
fred66121::I've been saying this all year. We better not re-sign him. Its time to let him go and move on.
BexyIndy55::TD = Best PF of all time.
bnair14::BTW Slam_dunk how are your lakers doing....those losers are gonna miss the playoffs hahaha.
bnair14::Chris Paul is such a co.ck sucker...he claims to worship they guy and then he insults Duncan like that. Duncan is the best PF of all time, what an idiot.
Strike 1 yer OUT::best regular season record = championship  -Spurs small brains
bnair14::I bet Kobe want to shove his junk all up in your big floppy ears slam...bet you love that.
slam_dunk_on_u::LOL  true
bnair14::Damn your one ugly dude.
slam_dunk_on_u::The Tin Man Travelled, I concur with Chris Paul ...he said he saw film...  The spurts getting blown out on Sunday by the Heat and I wouldn't be surprised if popazit sit his entire geriatric starting lineup because he is so afraid of LBJ.  Sissy team!
bnair14::BTW stop touching your mom...she still wants to ab.ort u
bnair14::Ur a co.ck sucker and you should get your ears cut off.
Raphael Hythloday::Chris Paul complaining about traveling? That's a laugh. There is no traveling in the NBA.
arnoldg9::Not one highlight of Tim's awesome two dunks! WOW! And the Spurs vs Clips coming down to a last shot is not even the Headline story. It's ...yup .. you guessed it.. HEAT! beating and shutting out a bunch of scrubs. .. Still no love for the Spurs on ESPN.
alienboy51::The Spurs/Clipper game WAS the big game of the night and yet Miami playing lowly NO gets the headlines.  I just erased my ESPN bookmark and added CBS Sportsline...where the Spurs/Clipper game IS the lead article.  I'm tired of ESPN kissing the feet of the Heat all year long.  See ya.....
--Td4mvp3 -::The Spurs will beat miami by 20 on Sunday
phil0323::just ginobli will sit
True_ Born _Spurs::Sorry man. With parker, duncan, ginobili inactive. Not so sure
--Td4mvp3 -::We arent going to rest all of them
--Td4mvp3 -::GO SPURS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;)
Deaneer32::FT's cost us this one plain and simple...DJ is just pathetic
Zas2642::can't beat the spurs shooting 12-21 on your free throws
ntpthp::LBJ complain about hard foul, Paul complain about calls, next stop, bobcats complain about MJ off the court talent.
RealZoo::Duncan travelled (shuffled his feet) on the game winning shot. Home court calls...that's the NBA!!!
Nerissa2525::KObe:they  ain't  calling that $@%!....still amazing basket by Duncan
phil0323::no refs call travel unless their feet slides or moves the pivot foot a whole stride, and not only that Deandre Jordan fouled TP hard and didn't get a foul call
Legends of Past v3::True_ Born _Spurs - Their comebacks were so cheeesy. 12 yr old bamdwagoms. Im going back for more tommorow. LOL they thought they were owning us
EspnHead21::CP3 has got to shoot the ball more, he's gotta be more aggressive, he's gotta get dem' numbers up if he wants to beat the Spurs.
EspnHead21::Chris Paul did not get the job done in this game. He scored 14 pts off of 5/14 shooting from the field. I'm sorry but Vinny Del Negro needs to demand more production out of Chris Paul if the Clippers want to beat the Spurs. Fourteen points just doesn't cut it for me. Chris Paul needs to get it together. The Spurs are a team that the Clippers could potentially face in the Playoffs and he's going for 14 pts off of 5/14 shooting. I need my PG to go harder than that!
phil0323::Cp3 sucks against good teams
William1875::not sure what the spurs do, but he seems really off when he faces them
True_ Born _Spurs::Whos watching the walking dead sunday?
Brandon TheProdigy::Walking Dead is awesome, I'll definitely be flipping back and forth between it and the Heat vs Spurs game.
FadeBackShootAirBall4::I'm out of here tho..have a good night guys
William1875::t-dog had 15 lines the whole series....
FadeBackShootAirBall4::hahaha
phil0323::nah cause theres gonna be a season 4
True_ Born _Spurs::People say everybody dies accept rick and carl.
FadeBackShootAirBall4::I hope not..they keep killing off the people I like..like shane and t-dogg and that one prison who got shot in the head by the governor in mid sentence
William1875::that the comic...most die in that during the gov situation
phil0323::she looks like a dude
FadeBackShootAirBall4::lmao
phil0323::people are saying andrea but i doubt it
True_ Born _Spurs::I wanna bang Andrea so hard
FadeBackShootAirBall4::I hate her also..I want her to die, chick annoys me
phil0323::Deryl will kill the governor
FadeBackShootAirBall4::I hope rick does it...it's only right
FadeBackShootAirBall4::lol it better not suck like the previous ones, it's been a let down so far..still has a chance to redeem itself on sunday..somebody important needs to die..I prefer the mayor
FadeBackShootAirBall4::I liked merle..but what he did was stupid, it was like he comitted suicide I dunno why he did that
True_ Born _Spurs::I cant believe merle died.
paul31003::Duncan &gt; Kobe
FadeBackShootAirBall4::"I've gotta be the only superstar in the league that's going through what I'm going through right now," the reigning MVP said. "But I can't say too much about it."  Rose shot 12-of-29 from the floor for his game-high 32 points, but went to the foul line just nine times, sinking six and repeatedly showing his displeasure toward the officials at non-calls.   derrick rose after knicks game   I was mad," Rose said. "I'm sick and tired of people trying to take cheap shots at me. You got to say something."  Rose was fined $25,000 last month for making comments toward officials after a March 12 game against the New York Knicks.  "I've gotta be the only superstar in the league that's going through what I'm going through right now," Rose said at the time, referring to a lack of foul calls in his favor. "But I can't say too much about it."   rose after a pistons game  let me remind you he averaged 7 ft's a game in the 2010-11 season..the exact same lebron is averaging now.
FadeBackShootAirBall4::lol oops sorry wrong board
