BBFocus::Someday this season or next one, I expected Lin would get his first triple double (10+ in points, 10+ in rebounds, and 10+ in assists, and 5 blocks and 5 steals) somewhere...
Cambry68::The headline thing was ridiculous and seems to me like an employee trying to pull a fast one on his employer. In any case, Jeremy Lin's 9 TO's weren't even the reason they lost the game. They shot 4-24 from the 3-point line and they missed 10 FT's. That is why they lost.
kericr::AWW I CAN'T BELIEVE I MISSED THE $@%!$ IN THE ARMOR!  ALSO, WHEN ASKED ABOUT HIS PERFORMANCE TONIGHT, LIN ANSWERED, "CHING CHONG CHING CHONG CHING CHONG CHING CHONG CHING CHONG."  YOU CAN ATTRIBUTE THAT QUOTE TO LIN ESPN, JUST USE YOUR TRANSLATORS TO FIGURE OUT WHAT HE SAID.
greyman916::That is unexcusable. I feel offended myself as being an asian. Just because your rich and have a title, dont mean you should insult others. This isnt the first tine espn did something like this, maybe not espn directly but their associates and employees. We as asians are trying hard to be accepted as part of society  But this is another set back i hope othets dont encourage. I like espn for its news and updates and i hope they will improve from this incident.
maulme316::making a pun for a guy with 3 letters in his name that rhymes with win is just lazy...enough...cant lin them all? good grief..thats not even clever....
TK729::ESPN: "Ch.ink in the Armor" headline    Own up now and let the public know how irresponsibly ridiculous you are or Mayweather will tweet something about how white journalists, writers, and broadcasters are not getting enough praise for not being racist to white folks.
jmybwln::Not only that their on-air guy used the phrase as well.
milw-jay::Lin-sane in the membrane has been generally great, BUT,  his assist to turnover ratio is only 1.6 ,   horrible for a point guard.     He will likely improve as he gets more experience in the league, but,  he isnt quite Steve Nash or  CP3  just yet.
onlyone_cb::Look people, I tried to reason with you Lin fanatics but there was no stopping you guys...kind of like Tebow fans. Sure Lin has a great story but can't we leave it at that and move on. If he wins a championship this year or even makes a deep run into the playoffs because of him then sure he is starting his career off right but if not and he continues to play bad this year, and next year and after that then guess what? I was right and Lin fans were wrong. Can we please at least give him this season before we make a judgement good or bad? ESPN really riles everyone up too soon and this makes people have an almost mob mentality...seriously, lets give him a couple seasons to really prove himself one way or the other.
winterfresh98::And again, Steve Nash had a rough 1st starting season
winterfresh98::I like his story, his will, his humbleness and the way he handles himself on and off the court.  I see a bright future in him.  I dont think he is MVP nor an All Star
onlyone_cb::congratulations dude. but why don't we at least give him a season to get going before we start jumping on his bandwagon? you are proving my point exactly...a lot of great athletes had horrible first seasons and then really developed. Others have played really great their first season and then sucked after that so why don't we give him a year at least? I would like to give him two before I say anything but I know that the impatient media and fans cannot wait that long.
LINmeansGayinAsia::Me love you long time
Potato_VII::Why is ESPN's apology on every site <b>EXCEPT</b> ESPN?
winterfresh98::ESPN is hoping no one looks
scarletNGrey01::After all the sanctimonious, self-righteous grief ESPN gave tOSU for the tattoo-gate stuff, and some was deserved, but a lot of it over the top and ESPN actually sued to get e-mails from the athletic department, I find this quote from an NBC Sports article to be interesting:  <i>"Sports network ESPN apologized on Saturday for an anti-Asian slur that appeared with a story about New York Knicks star point guard Jeremy Lin published on one of its websites overnight.   The headline — "C.hink in the Armor" — accompanied an online analysis that blamed Lin, a Chinese-American, for the Knick's surprising 89-85 loss to the New Orleans Hornets at a sold-out Madison Square Garden on Friday night. "</i>
oHHHcAMMM::They make me sick with their hoilier than thou attitude.   Espn:  The Fox News of Sports.
sports4life9995914::It was fun while it lasted. Lin is a scorer more like the asian rose he pushes and drives hard but not the best passer, Knicks should trade for Nash straight up.
NewEnglandRulesForever.::That Lin guy is not a very good basket ball player. He is over rated and gets a lot of publicity  because he is a novelty, religious act. - Tim Tebow and the Tebowites
vonsteve1668::You're an idiot.
Sirlagsalot00::Go take your loser comments elsewhere. NY Giants in your face!
NewEnglandRulesForever.::ya mad mary?  yep I see
YankeeSupporter::You would thrive if he were mad wouldn't you?  I'm adding pathetic to the idiot comment.  And no I'm not mad, just looking down on you.
NewEnglandRulesForever.::mad sweet cheeks??
oHHHcAMMM::I FIND IT FUNNY that  ESPN banned me for voicing my opinion about the Bush Administration and then on the very next day publish one of the most racist headlines I have ever seen.  ESPN...you are fired!
NewEnglandRulesForever.::hey tyreke, have another mental fit...that last one was funny, sweet cheeks....too bad u were so vulgar it got deleted....grow up child!HAHAHHAHAHA
carve123::He lost a game in the middle of the regular season....who fricken cares. The only time you should ever worry about a team losing is if its the end of the season and a playoff spot is on the line or if they are in the playoffs. I won't deny that Lin is a good player but don't put him on a pedestal. As soon as ESPN finds another player to talk about they will throw Lin away. Its how ESPN works.
Tebowski52::Thank God for ESPN, Tebow, Lin and Bayless.
NewEnglandRulesForever.::Do not worry Linmaniacs...do not jump off the bandwagon yet. Always remember that Lin has the Record for the most TURNOVERS after his first 7 starts ...LOL...perhaps he can get a job later at Pilsbury.
Sirlagsalot00::Are you kidding? The kid's asian and graduated from Harvard. If he gets a job at Pilsbury he would just kill himself. Doctor, Engineer or a financial analyst.
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::turn overs has nothing to do with his talent u fackin dirt bag shut the $@%! up
NewEnglandRulesForever.::LOL Tyre..u sound mad little GIRL!!
carve123::dude calm down
sherrydogs2::My father and brother were Marines.  My father fought in WWII and my brother fought in the Vietnam War.  Neither were racists.  How dare anyone post racists comments.  It's disrespects their sacrifice
Michael38061::RIP Whitney Houston
Sirlagsalot00::*Touch*
sports4life9995914::is this michael jackson
milkdragon::crack is free in heaven
NolaWhoDatSaints::Aww.... ESPN is upset :(   We no mean to make racist remark :(
NolaWhoDatSaints::Deleted my post about the racist mistake you did ESPN?  No... your apology will not be accepted after making yet ANOTHER post in regards to it this morning.. after your "apology"  Good new is.. the worst I can be is banned.  Your punishment will be much worse.
NolaWhoDatSaints::Hey ESPN...  You can say "Is there a ch.i.n.k in the armor"  But ban me for talking $@%! about tebow?  http://media.zenfs.com/en/blogs/sptusnbaexperts/ESPNLin17.jpg
sherrydogs2::OMG!!!!!  A Kardashian is a fictional, pseudo-celebrity, a fabricated "star" without talent.  How dare E talk about a Kardashian during Whitney Houston's funeral.  Talk about blatant self-promotion!!!!  Shame on E!  I bring this up because, reportedly, a Kardashian wants to meet Lin.
bruce lin::try to shout ch**nk in china town and tell them it's an old word , wut an excuse
Snakecatcher96::Hey guys, you should join my group called NBA Experts. We are a group looking to rise to one of the best. We will be talking all about the recent news around the nba. Just go to sportsnation, and go onto the groups page and type in NBA Experts. Thanks!
bruce lin::i could take $@%!$ as a joke privately , but not headline ,as an professional media , the  apology is too poor to accept
Tebowski52::ESPN ...the leader in sports. ESPN moderators...best at handling haters.
winterfresh98::Can it be April 26 right now
fizzo43::so the knicks can miss the playoffs?
Asian Sex Guru::Indian Sex Guru ------------------------------------------------------------ ESPN used a shockingly racist headline "$@%!$ in the Armor" for the Knicks' loss Friday night, along with a picture of Jeremy Lin, who is an Asian-American. The headline was eventually removed, and ESPN issued an apology late this morning.     "Last night, ESPN.com’s mobile web site posted an offensive headline referencing Jeremy Lin at 2:30 am ET. The headline was removed at 3:05 am ET. We are conducting a complete review of our cross-platform editorial procedures and are determining appropriate disciplinary action to ensure this does not happen again. We regret and apologize for this mistake.
JEREMYLINTHEPINNACLEOFEVOLUTION::HAHA fail. You copy and pasted your old user name. DUMB NIG.GER!
JEREMYLINTHEPINNACLEOFEVOLUTION::You heard me
Indian Sex Guru::Excuse me?
Tebowski52::Haters lining up at churches across America....they're afraid their going to die and get hurt!!
Tebowski52::Tebow secretly practicing to play two sports!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sherrydogs2::He needs to learn how to play one first
JEREMYLINTHEPINNACLEOFEVOLUTION::NBA halftime shows should feature nig.ger whipping! Pull a darky from the crowd and whip him until his back is bloody and raw. Should be a real crowd pleaser!!!!!!!!
Dr. L. Desk::I have the odd feeling that you are actually a little black kid.....
Asian Sex Guru::you deserve to get shot
Asian Sex Guru::Jeremy Lin is awesome
Tebowski52::America shocked that most popular players in sports are Jeremy Lin and Tim Tebow!!!!! what next a Marlin's team that every player on the team points upward to their God?
carve123::the only reason Lin is popular right now is because he has lead the Knicks (who are one of the worst basketball franchises in recent years) to a winning team right now. I can guarantee you that if it was somebody else then nobody would be talking about Lin. ESPN is the biggest bandwagon followers in history
Indian Sex Guru::ESPN used a shockingly racist headline "$@%!$ in the Armor" for the Knicks' loss Friday night, along with a picture of Jeremy Lin, who is an Asian-American. The headline was eventually removed, and ESPN issued an apology late this morning.    "Last night, ESPN.com’s mobile web site posted an offensive headline referencing Jeremy Lin at 2:30 am ET. The headline was removed at 3:05 am ET. We are conducting a complete review of our cross-platform editorial procedures and are determining appropriate disciplinary action to ensure this does not happen again. We regret and apologize for this mistake."
Indian Sex Guru::ESPN used a shockingly racist headline "$@%!$ in the Armor" for the Knicks' loss Friday night, along with a picture of Jeremy Lin, who is an Asian-American. The headline was eventually removed, and ESPN issued an apology late this morning.    "Last night, ESPN.com’s mobile web site posted an offensive headline referencing Jeremy Lin at 2:30 am ET. The headline was removed at 3:05 am ET. We are conducting a complete review of our cross-platform editorial procedures and are determining appropriate disciplinary action to ensure this does not happen again. We regret and apologize for this mistake."
Dr. L. Desk::Praise the Lord!!!
winterfresh98::I praise buddah..........rolled up
Five dollar make you hollar::Earlier ESPN Headline "“Chink in the Armor”    It's okay to be racist against asians,,, right ESPN?
sherrydogs2::My father and brothers were Marines.  My father fought in WWII and my brother fought in the Vietnam War.  Neither were racists.  How dare anyone else be one.  It's disrespects their sacrifice.
ThisJustLin::News flashes .. JFK was assassinated .. and we landed on the moon ..
winterfresh98::Dom Imus approves
Dr. L. Desk::You are not fooling us with this mature post with a handle like that foollllllllllllllllllllllll..................................
Dr. L. Desk::Dude, potatoes are not that good.
Five dollar make you hollar::fooling who? What are you talking about? How am I trying to fool you?
ThisJustLin::Sex Guru is a slower than his sister AND mother in bed last night !!
Indian Sex Guru::ESPN used a shockingly racist headline "$@%!$ in the Armor" for the Knicks' loss Friday night, along with a picture of Jeremy Lin, who is an Asian-American. The headline was eventually removed, and ESPN issued an apology late this morning.    "Last night, ESPN.com’s mobile web site posted an offensive headline referencing Jeremy Lin at 2:30 am ET. The headline was removed at 3:05 am ET. We are conducting a complete review of our cross-platform editorial procedures and are determining appropriate disciplinary action to ensure this does not happen again. We regret and apologize for this mistake."
Indian Sex Guru::ESPN used a shockingly racist headline "$@%!$ in the Armor" for the Knicks' loss Friday night, along with a picture of Jeremy Lin, who is an Asian-American. The headline was eventually removed, and ESPN issued an apology late this morning.    "Last night, ESPN.com’s mobile web site posted an offensive headline referencing Jeremy Lin at 2:30 am ET. The headline was removed at 3:05 am ET. We are conducting a complete review of our cross-platform editorial procedures and are determining appropriate disciplinary action to ensure this does not happen again. We regret and apologize for this mistake."
Indian Sex Guru::ESPN used a shockingly racist headline "$@%!$ in the Armor" for the Knicks' loss Friday night, along with a picture of Jeremy Lin, who is an Asian-American. The headline was eventually removed, and ESPN issued an apology late this morning.    "Last night, ESPN.com’s mobile web site posted an offensive headline referencing Jeremy Lin at 2:30 am ET. The headline was removed at 3:05 am ET. We are conducting a complete review of our cross-platform editorial procedures and are determining appropriate disciplinary action to ensure this does not happen again. We regret and apologize for this mistake."
Indian Sex Guru::ESPN used a shockingly racist headline "$@%!$ in the Armor" for the Knicks' loss Friday night, along with a picture of Jeremy Lin, who is an Asian-American. The headline was eventually removed, and ESPN issued an apology late this morning.    "Last night, ESPN.com’s mobile web site posted an offensive headline referencing Jeremy Lin at 2:30 am ET. The headline was removed at 3:05 am ET. We are conducting a complete review of our cross-platform editorial procedures and are determining appropriate disciplinary action to ensure this does not happen again. We regret and apologize for this mistake."
Indian Sex Guru::ESPN used a shockingly racist headline "$@%!$ in the Armor" for the Knicks' loss Friday night, along with a picture of Jeremy Lin, who is an Asian-American. The headline was eventually removed, and ESPN issued an apology late this morning.    "Last night, ESPN.com’s mobile web site posted an offensive headline referencing Jeremy Lin at 2:30 am ET. The headline was removed at 3:05 am ET. We are conducting a complete review of our cross-platform editorial procedures and are determining appropriate disciplinary action to ensure this does not happen again. We regret and apologize for this mistake."
Indian Sex Guru::ESPN used a shockingly racist headline "$@%!$ in the Armor" for the Knicks' loss Friday night, along with a picture of Jeremy Lin, who is an Asian-American. The headline was eventually removed, and ESPN issued an apology late this morning.    "Last night, ESPN.com’s mobile web site posted an offensive headline referencing Jeremy Lin at 2:30 am ET. The headline was removed at 3:05 am ET. We are conducting a complete review of our cross-platform editorial procedures and are determining appropriate disciplinary action to ensure this does not happen again. We regret and apologize for this mistake."
BringChiefsToLA_25::Paul Jones has one s.hitty protege
BAMAdidntDESERVEtoBEinTHEncGAME::SPAMMERS ARE MISERABLE.  MISERY LOVES COMPANY.  FUNNY HOW HARD MISERY TRIES TO FIND COMPANY!!!!!!
Tebowski52::Most Popular Players in NBA: Steve Nash Brian Scalabrine Jeremy Lin Love Marco Rubio Pau Gasto Mark Gasto Dirk Nowitski
mike etheridge::thats almost all the non black players in the league nice job
JEREMYLINTHEPINNACLEOFEVOLUTION::No negroes on that list. THE WAY IT SHOULD BE!
BAMAdidntDESERVEtoBEinTHEncGAME::RACISTS GET FKED IN THEIR $@% TO MUCH
winterfresh98::lies!!!!!!!!
BAMAdidntDESERVEtoBEinTHEncGAME::SPAMMERS ARE MISERABLE.  MISERY LOVES COMPANY.  FUNNY HOW HARD MISERY TRIES TO FIND COMPANY!!!!!!
