setrue::McFail's is not a good coach. He is on the verge of taking Rockets out of playoff picture.   Morey, we know you will not fire him during the season but do what you need to do in off season which may come earlier that you think.
AdvilROCKETS::Great article about the  Lin, McHale, Sampson, Morey, &amp; Alexander dynamic in Houston   http://houston.culturemap.com/newsdetail/03-18-13-jeremy-lin-shackeling-hurts-the-rockets-almost-treated-with-tim-tebow-disdain/  Stop treating Lin like Tebow or else trade him
Jason Stone Lee::No, everybody thought Harden's weak on defense are wrong direction. Chasing on defense, he thought it is not his job! He can play defence but want not to do it, he want to save energe on offence to get good stats to be a super star.  We all saw him jacking up stats even leading 20+ in 4th. He only care his stats, drible 20seconds, then pass to teamates force shooting, his assists up, teamates shooting percentage down. Even Harden is cool hand, he never been benched, instead, he take place Lin's position, ask stupitd coaches to bench Lin, he play PG + SG + ISO.
Ron Erick::It's like james doesn't know how to play man to man defense. Whenever somebody with the ball is going against him he either tries to flop or get a steal. Can the man not play defense? Team defense is pretty bad also everytime he comes help he leaves his man with a wide open 3.
fred3857::He saves energy to generate more on offense and bad D but for steal to get his better stats on score/asst/reb/steal. He is so selfish to hold the ball nearly 22 sec for his iso penetration or unexpectedly pass to teammate that only he can score or make a asst or let his teammate bad shooting ratio or turnover. And don't know how stupid he is still held the ball to long when they 20 pts behind at last few mins 4th qtr.
sagematic::Yea, not sure what's up with that.  He should focus on his man.  He seems mainly interested in the BALL, not much else.
lyang912::The coaches need to do a better job preparing players to start with more efficiency in the 1st quarter, I know their system don't really draw up plays, but maybe when your shots are not falling, you need a couple go to plays that will get the offense going a little bit, so they don't just keep running around, looking for the open man, even when that open man is ice cold.
sagematic::You would think that would be common sense but mchale's doesn't seem to operate from there unfortunately
jessejubilee::Dubz roll past Rockets but no headline love from ESPN?  ESPN can eat a bag of $@%!$.
jueju10::ONLY the bottom 8 teams in the league have a worst conference record then Houston...
GIANTSNINERSWARRIORS::Let's go Warriors........
Queen88022::Lakers is Nash's team now with the win without Kobe.  when could Rockets be Lin's team with all wins under Linsanity 2?
Ron Erick::when harden gets injured
rm90025::Watched the game on replay. The Warriors were due for a win against the Rockets.  Curry and Thompson hit big shots and kept them coming to stifle any Houston rally.  James Harden is nursing injuries and he is not driving to the basket with the same authority. If he doesn't get a foul call, he isn't making a high percentage of shots in the paint.  Kevin McHale compounded the problem with panicky lineup changes in the first quarter and into the second quarter which gave the Warriors the chance to expand the lead to double digits. Given Harden's injuries, McHale might have to do let Lin handle the ball more.
SB4LlFE::you mean the W's made adjustments in defense and played really well defending the rockets this time
jeffcox::Statement win by a team that hasn't had many over the past 20 years.  Hopefully this signals an end to their road woes and they're able to build on last night's game.  On to N'awlins.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::WHEN WILL HAREN LEARN TO PLAY TRUE SG WITH DEFENSE?  HIS USUAL 9 TURNOVERS AND LACK OF DEFENSE KILLED THE ROCKETS.  BRINGING IN 25PTS, ONLY TO GIVE UP 25+PTS IS JUST ZERO PRODUCTION FROM THE FAUX SUPERSTAR ;)
GodofAcid::Anyone notice the lack of Lin articles since he's been out of NY?
FredPE1965::Slowed down a bit but not anywhere lacking. Lin is everywhere on websites, in books and on YouTube. There is more write ups on Lin here than on anyone else. There is even a major movie on Linsanity and a few more projects down the pipe. Lin is global and popular in spite of not playing well at times. Do better players deserve more attention? Sure, you bet ya, but it is what it is.
OmniVersal::It's refreshing. Kind of like how the Tebow articles suffered a horrible death after being on the Jets.
01.02.2013::I don't think that you can compare Lin to Tebow - Lin is a good passer
fred3857::Asik,Parsons,D-Mo all back to the earth.They are all not stable offender especially when they face tough D. Harden's iso game is most boring and easy to deffend.His iso holding the ball 22.5 mins not let his teammate has time to move but to shoot for Hasden's asst that hard to score but easy to make turnover is most selfish thing in nba.That also caused Rox lost few close games.
FredPE1965::Harden and Lin were the only two did well on this one but wasn't enough for a win. They should have won but you have games like this. In any case, Rockets did well winning 3 out of 4 games against the Warriors.
elguapo195::If you're crapping on Asik and Parsons, you should also crap on Lin.
cityhunter4::Jeremy Lin shot 60%, rest of Rox shot 25%, and yet Lin only took 16 shots.  Pathetic.  This is a game Lin should of took-over and take 30 shots
Queen88022::he doesn't have the ball.
sagematic::That  would've been fun to watch
Dawan208::He would if he was given the green light.  Remember he's not in New York anymore!
Denzel7587::Who was pathetic?
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::the lack of defense is hard to watch at times but let's face it, this is not a defending team.  They have been 1st/2nd in scoring and 29th in D for almost the whole season.  They will beat teams by outscoring them, not outdefending so let's not expect that to change.  Asik is the best defender and Lin's D is pretty solid if you actually watch him but obviously not nearly enough to make up for anyone else's D.  The reason they lost isn't due to defense, it's because Harden and Lin were the only ones who did something and everyone else couldn't hit anything.  Those two can't make up for the entire team not hitting buckets.
Bala88::Bogut blew up for a double double...and 3 blocks....that's his best in a long time
SF_Bay_Henri::Missed the old Rockets
mpoph::So you know for sure that Lin gave up the entire 29 points to Curry, even though Lin played for 35 minutes and Curry played for 45 minutes???!  Also, a lot of screens were set for Curry, which wasn't the case for Lin.
sagematic::It looks like mchale's not good at making adjustments to the game.
scarsquad::tell me something new. mchale out coached by some many teams this season.
Smoove Rocket::harden scored 21 and gave up 26 to thompson.  lin scored 21 and gave up 29 to curry.  we all know both are horrible defenders, so end of story.
h8tergonhate::guys whats the point of responding to this troll??he is on every board talking $@%! bout JLin n rockets but look at his name. .
contactchingching@yahoo.com::Once again i have to say i like Harden but just don't like his defense
contactchingching@yahoo.com::you can't compare Curry and Thompson. Curry is the PG and he always got the screen for him so Lin has to run that screen, if Lin does not get the help defense, he will lose Curry. But Harden is totally different story, he always lost his guy by just hanging around the rim waiting for the rebound and forgot his man. If you let Harden to defend Curry, he will lost him 99% of time and his energy level will down quite a lot as well. So don't use the # to trick people
fred3857::Scoring is not the most important business of Lin. You shuold also compare their avg score: harden avg 26 but scored 21 this game,while curry 22 ,29;thompson 17,26; lin 13,21   Knicks gave up 54 to curry but still win that game.
QNoir::HOWEVER. Thompson was just plain wide open with no effort to defend him.
QNoir::Lol, you don't have to be a horrible defender to 'give up' 29 points to Curry. I seem to recall Lin blowing by Curry and another defender for an and 1. These things happen. Curry is a great scorer. He didn't go for 40, right?
woodylamb::When Asik, Parsons and DeMo had low scores, there was a situation out of control. It was the coaches to stop and to fix it. The right decisions should have been made before the third quarter.
Queen88022::no depth. they are all gone: PPat and Morris, are 3-point shooters.
JohnnyB-train::Bogut making steady progress,keep fingers,legs,arms,testies....what ever crossed.  Bogues..Take your time and make sure you give yourself the best chance to get right,still very young for a big.  People have a short memory,Get strong and remind them of what you are capable of.  Oi.Oi,Oi.
roll_n_riot::So did HOU resort to hacking off the ball so that GSW couldn't shoot 3s tonight?
JohnnyB-train::shut up!!!
alex2454367::Kobe Bryant Career Per Game Stats: 25.5 points, 5.3 rebounds, 4.7 assists, 1.5 steals and 0.5 blocks on 45.4 percent shooting    LeBron James Career Per Game Stats: 27.6 points, 7.2 rebounds, 6.9 assists, 1.7 steals and 0.8 blocks on 48.4 percent shooting  STATS DONT LIE   #HEATNATION
Rocketman316::"zI had sex with Katie to
contactchingching@yahoo.com::i like Harden but he is obviously the worst defender in the team. When you score 30 pts and then you give up 25, that is unacceptable. It won't show on the stats. Sometimes player want to save energy on defense in order to generate more offense, it is unfair to other people. To be an all star, you have to know how to defend then carry the team to win. Right now i think Harden just fulfill half of it. Wish he could learn and put more effort on defense in the upcoming games.
Smoove Rocket::everyone knows harden is horrible on defense, we've talked about this a million times already.
NAHMEANSON2::lol. ThEN DON"T REad IT.
rm90025::Harden's 1 on 1 defense is not very good.  He is a very good help defender, but he doesn't play with the same intensity on the defensive end as he does offensively.  That said, this month he has been nursing injuries and has not been that effective making shots in the paint.  If he isn't getting to the free throw line, he hasn't been as difficult for defenses to deal with.
easyrawlins1::Harden easily the best player on the team.  Why you giving him a hard time compared to any other Rocket?
Denzel7587::best player in terms of what? scoring. hands down. assists? rebounds? defense? definitely no.
easyrawlins1::Don t see him as much as rocket fans but when I do see him he's always defending, stealing passes, etc.  Seems to always be clogging the passing lanes and Johnny on the spot.  Easily Rockets best player and best all around player.
elguapo195::stats might be there, but just because you score doesn't mean you can rest on defense.  no one else on the team slouches as much on defense.  as team leader, he needs to lead by example.
Denzel7587::The Rockets were soundly beaten by the first, 2nd and fourth quarters. Total dominance. A reversal of fortune because the Rockets dominated the Warriors in their last two encounters. You know what really changed the outcome of this 3rd game---it's funny, but Harden usurped the PG role again. On this note, I'm bidding goodbye to Lin fans and Rockets fans. See you in the succeeding games.
bryant3011::Lousy sustitutions in first quarter. Turn a bad start into a disaster.
Rocketman316::Good job Rockets=  NIGGERDOM
elguapo195::wtf?
moncindy007::McHale regreted that he let Lin played too much time, otherwise Rockets would win.
Denzel7587::You're just hating like McHale. You're too blind of the obvious flaw in the Rockets--Harden playing the SG role and not spending too much focus on his scoring. BY playing PG Harden is restricting the contributions not only of Lin but also of Parsons and Asik.
Denzel7587::Harden is # 18 of 220 NBA guards in total assists this season. Jeremy Lin at # 14. Not too much difference, huh? But look at this yesterday's stats:  Harden played 2,463 minutes to make 378 assists. Lin played 2,142 minutes to make 404 assists. Harden more than 5 hours than Lin this season and despite the fact that he often usurp the PG role he can't still surpass Lin's total assists. The lesson is, while an inferior shooter compared to Harden, Lin is much better at making successful assists. Let Lin play the $@%!$@% PG Harden.
chrisausten1203::When Lin becomes aggressive, I think both of them are actually combo guards.
Denzel7587::Depends on what kind of aggressiveness. When Lin becomes more aggressive attacking the rim, that's a good sign. When Lin becomes more aggressive in shooting the 3s and taking jump shots, that's a scary thought because he is not an efficient shooter. Good aggressiveness for Lin means attacking the basket, making assists, and facilitating the whole team offense. Good aggressiveness for Harden is shooting, but playing PG is a bad aggressiveness.
m_gunners::What was suppose to be a great day with Knicks losing was ruined by this extremely poor Rockets loss!
sf19477647::Bogut finally asserts himself!
elguapo195::over small forwards and guards.  good going...  thanks mchale.
QNoir::Rockets need to go ahead and court Phil Jackson.
inityminiwur::Look at how Patterson and Douglas are doing at Sacramento and then look at T-Rob's stat line. Houston got  T-robbed big time with that deal.
rm90025::If you watched the Laker broadcast, they pretty much said that Sacramento went away from Patterson too soon for too long and that cost them the game.  I think Houston really underestimated his value.
Denzel7587::Morey made a mistake in acquiring TRob. Patterson, Morris, and Douglas are much more efficient scorers, even having better scoring efficiency than Parsons and Lin. Robinsons is ranked No. 350 out of 503 players in scoring efficiency (total points/total minutes played). The players we traded are ranked between 100-130 out of 503 players, with Parsons at around 140/503 and Lin at 187/503.
fred3857::Today,Patterson 9/12 22pts 5 rebs;T-Dougalas 5/10 11pts 4 rebs 1asst 2 stl compare with Rox new comers all scoreless but TO.  Morey,what's going on with you to trade jewrly for garbage.   Harden never be a good PG,as you see when his asst &amp; steal more than JLin often lead to boring iso system and a horrible loss.Besides,how stupid he is why 20 pts behind at 4th qtr,he still held the ball too long to unexpectedly pass and cost TO or bad shooting.
Denzel7587::Harden was not only trying to outperform Lin as PG but also Asik as Center. He was trying to compete with his teammates instead of playing with them to win against the other team. When Lin and Harden have equal scores, that means Harden is not performing well in scoring. He's No. 5 in the NBA in scoring efficiency compared to Lin's ranking of 187 out of 503 players. An elite scorer should focus on scoring. The better PG should be allowed to play that role especially if he's the team's PG. There is no leadership within the Rockets. Coaching is a real mess and that is why the Lakers and the Rockets now have 36 wins each.
sagematic::Harden seems to be really focused on his stats at the cost of the team.
QNoir::I TOTALLY saw that in this game. Dude was inside trying to grab rebounds while Klay Thompson was shooting 3s. You can see it in the recap.
sportsfan1014::Harden was going for another triple double last night
Denzel7587::Usurping the PG role, now trying to show that he's a better rebounder than Asik. Harden is wasting his excellent scoring efficiency but trying to do outdo Asik is insane; even trying to outdo anyone who is better at you in their assigned role is not only about disrespecting the value of the other players, but also most importantly ruins the team. Somebody should restrain Harden, and let him focus on his scoring--he failed the team in scoring.
ImAWitness06::Another awesome game from Curry!
junoNCAL::rockets can suck my dick
095Kendall::They might choke
Denzel7587::When Kobe was injured, I was worried for the Rockets actually. Kobe's injury means the excellent Steve Nash could be better maximized to run the offense. There would also be more fluid ball movement. The Lakers are deeper than their ballhogging SG who are excellent scorers but killers of offensive flows and momentum. Makes me wonder now why the Rockets suffered a blowout loss against the Warriors who they dominated in two last games. It makes you feel bad when Harden the prolific scorer has not scored as much but almost outperforming Omer Asik and Jeremy Lin in rebounds and assists. Sad day for this talented young team&gt;
sf19477647::if the warriors had Nash? ouch! 10-15 assists and 22 each for Curry and Thompson
thomascedill::F the Lakers. But i agree that with Nash running the show the team plays better.
QNoir::The excellent Steve Nash. Sorry, but I just can't take that seriously. He has been pretty ineffective lately, with or without Kobe.
QNoir::Touche. I stand corrected.
Denzel7587::19 Points, 12 assists for Steve Nash in today's game. Is that ineffective to you?
095Kendall::When I see people one here with 1 fan liked all I can think to myself is they obviously liked their own comment so they don't feel stupid about what they put lol
095Kendall::Then I put one instead of on and now I feel stupid!
FTLakerFan::Lakers are coming for you Houston
NewcastleFanVL::Kobe gotta be pissed the team has been winning without him.
LAKERS We The Best::no hes happy it means he will have more rest for the playoffs
WarriorsWarrior::"JacksonMark13: @ChandlerParsons Congrats on a great year. GREAT seeing U 2night!!!!! "
february1088::Curry is still a better PG than Lin (Im a Lin / Rocket fan) but let's stop the comparisons. Curry is actually a much better fit to Houston offense that makes Harden play PG and the PG shoot 3's. Curry is an amazing 3 point shooter so he can fit in this system perfectly.   Lin is a good PnR PG so he would benefit the Warriors a lot since Lee is a good rebounding / finishing PF. Rockets already have a great penetrating guard (Harden) so it makes more sense for Lin (another great penetrating guard) to be more useful for the warriors.  I like Rockets, and Lin, but I think Lin would be a better fit for Warriors, and Curry a better fit for Rockets.
clipb0rd::I love lin, but Curry is just the overall better basketball player.
Glenagglenag::he's not, he's too short and jnjury-prone, he will prob get injured again real soon.
Denzel7587::Curry is an elite scorer compared to Lin. There is no debate on that. Curry is a sharp-shooter while Lin is not at this point. I'm a big Lin fan so what I'm saying is that Curry would still underperform in the Rockets system that minimizes the role of PGs. When the SG Harden has the ball as a PG, the other PGs have a constipated game. Curry would suffer the same fate.
thomascedill::Curry is a tier 1 star when Lin is an average dude. Not even close.
Denzel7587::Curry would underperform in the Rockets system built around James Harden. I bet the excellent Curry can't make more assists when Harden controls the ball most of the time.   The argument that Curry is a better PG than Lin is still debateable. Remember Lin was the Rockets' main PG when their two dominant wins against the Warriors. In this game, Harden took over as the team's PG. Let Lin and Curry play as main PGs for their team and then let's compare how they perform.
sportsfan1014::good point, but Curry is a much better shooter than Lin at this time.
wristedhip::Harden lead the Rockets with 10 rebounds? Lin with a good stat line? WTH, everyone mailing it in?
fred3857::Almost recover within 5 pts from 20 pts deficit with Lin system,but again went back by Harden's iso TO play.
sports guy12::stunk in the 1st half and couldn't recover
QNoir::'Hot Potato' Harden .. passes the rock with 1.5 seconds on the shot clock. Don't get stuck when the music runs out. You heard it here first.
sagematic::Oh I would've paid to see that.  Thanks for the info
QNoir::Delfino. Delfino was pissed too. He let him have it.
sagematic::Didn't get a chance to see that.  Who did he pass off the rock to?
rm90025::Utah looked like a different team with Heyward back in the starting lineup when they beat Memphis.  Rokets could be n danger of missing the playoffs.  McHale probably gets fired if that happens.
rm90025::He has been shooting 50% for the month.  The problem isn't him.
moncindy007::Don't worry !  McHale will bench Lin. Then they will win again. Wish him luck.
sagematic::What are you talking abt monidiot?
Dawan208::blame lin for the lost.  Didnt he get 22 points.
junoNCAL::can i say, fking revenge and karma is sweet?
Kassom69::Rockets gave you all the game with a bow on top.   If we played against you in playoffs we be up 3 to 1.
joebamboo::yah but we won't play. You'll get swept by the Thunder and we'll whoop on the Clippers. Go home brah
tman8010::Well, you can keep dreaming.
NewAges::StephCurry-SLAPPED = Typical $@%!$@
Typical douche rocket fan::<b> OMG, Parson doesn't want Harden to be part of the secret society handshake with Lin and himself.  -dumbass rocket fans <b></b></b>
sagematic::I don't think harden is a jerk bc I see from his perspective that he wants to belong.  I'm referring to how he may be going abt that...did u hear the story abt the first day harden joined the team practice, he told his teammate to tuck in his shirt?  To me that's an example of him trying to assert too much.  He may have good intentions, but his delivery may be off.
QNoir::But to attribute that kind of behavior to Harden is completely unfair. There's nothing besides his great play to suggest he's the kind of person to "assert himself in an undesirable way." He shouldn't have to be seen as a jerk just because he's the star. Until you have proof, blame the coaches, not Harden.
sagematic::That depends on how it's done.  If harden is asserting himself in an undesirable way, he needs to learn to get along first before inviting himself to the party.
QNoir::lol, yeah that's a pretty lame comment. There's nothing bad about a team doing things to bring them closer.
