Malicong::The Thunder lose for the first time in nearly 3 weeks and second time in 5 weeks and all of a sudden the idiots come out to proclaim them frauds. They are still the clear favorite to win the west. They still have 2 of the top 10 players in the league. They still have a deep bench.  It was ONE BAD GAME. It doesn't change anything. BTW, this was a very close game and Toronto is not all that bad. They have won 4 of 5 and 6 of 8.
Darth Apollyon::This shows that OKC is very beatable.  Less beatable than normal teams, but as beatable as any other elite team.
Austin::Why is Perkins still starting? Even better question is why he is still in the league?  And damn, Westbrook and KD were turnover machines tonight. They combined for 11 tonight, which is how many times the entire Thunder team turned the ball over against the Spurs yesterday.
John::This is a bad rotation for the Thunder.
kgdkdsk jgrjfgjd;fl::This is exactly why the Thunder will never win an NBA Championship with Westbrook as their point guard. His stats look fantastic for the average fan. I will say it again, Westbrook would rather have a line like this and be "THE GUY" and lose, rather than do what's best for the team and win. Any coach will tell you that if your point guard has 5 assists and 5 TO's you probably are not going to win. He does not want to play second fiddle to Durant. Harden is not angry that he was traded and Kevin Martin got out of town the first chance he could. Westbrook is a fantastic athlete, but tell me what team awards did Allen Iverson win?
Trace Mann::The Thunder are not the best team in the NBA, losing at home to the Raptors. Take KD off of the Thunder and I like Torontos team better than thunder, losing Gay has done wonders for Toronto!
Anton::This game wouldn't even be close without all those OKC home-cooking freethrows...Almost half of OKC points were on FTs and Raptors were clearly the better team and they showed it in the 4th Q crunch time...Raptors executed the plays, OKC was just hoping for more freethrows...kinda pathetic how OKC is great at home only because they are the biggest home-cookers in the league.
rene::Perkins retire already!
Booster Gold!::They need that 3rd scorer which they lost in Harden and Martin.    They need a better inside presense than the useless Perk.
home gardener::The Raptors gave the Blazers a Xmas present, how nice!
