ajfsuperman24::#battle for 2nd to last
Rocky K::It really sucks for Charlotte because there is no draft to look forward to for them in the off-season.
Christian13075::I was on the Jumbotron during this game. It was my first wizards game at the Verizon Center too.
LilVdog88::We def need Otto porter if the ping pongs fall our way, people keep say Shabazz but in reality he's a forward thats only 6'5 and he doesnt have great ball handling skills so where does he fit in with Wiz? Otto is 6'8 and has a complete skillset and can do just about anything
NUNIKORI::Basically this is the season that could have been for the Wizards if everyone was healthy @ the start.
philly_eagle86::Bobcats are terrible. Jordan is the worst gm of all time.
sooner1980wb20::I wish the Wizzards would change their name back to the Bullets
sooner1980wb20::Why are the Wizzards winning? They should be losing so they can get more ping pong balls.
skorin1781::Jordan make this team better already.
Nicholas Obert::Nah, this is how you rebuild. You don't make free agent splashes until you have another high pick.  If they win the lottery, look for them to go all in.  As a Wizards fan, I'm kinda ecstatic that Wll missed enough time for us to get a high pick. Us going 44-40 wouldn't have helped us long term.. The way the league is this year, awe can probably draft I the top 5 if we decide to tank a few games at the end
skorin1781::I live in Charlotte not a fan but they are a laughing stock.
skorin1781::What is your deal son?
9edr0::you like the most random teams ever
DavidA11429::ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz at this game...Two losers
robertgriffinhof::A troll? Wizards moving up.
philly_eagle86::Wizards are not moving up...
9edr0::like the Knicks were several years ago
9edr0::should the Wiz draft Otto Porter if he is available when they pick?
robertgriffinhof::#Shabazzketball
Knight13951::definately.
9edr0::both teams should be much improved next year....Charlotte has lots of cap space and 2 top 15 picks...hopefully everyone on the Wiz is healthy and they get a good SF
Nicholas Obert::I love Otto, and we need a long term option at the 3 for sure..but I love the bigs in this draft too.
Nicholas Obert::The most important thing besides health is Wall playing smarter on both ends. His decision making is a roller coaster. Gets Wiz corner 3s at best in the league levels, but also turns it over at the most agonizing times
Nicholas Obert::We have two good SFs.. One is the 4th best 3pt shooter in the NBA, and one is one of the best rebounders and perimeter defenders in the NBA.  If they get 70+ games out of Wall, Beal,Nene, Okafor they're a dangerous playoff team (who loses in round 1). If they nail the pick, they may be more.
Knight13951::Honestly Otto Porter would be like combineing the best attributes of both and putting them into one solid player.
Nicholas Obert::Best rebounding SFs that is.  Ariza is having the best stretch of his career.. God he looks solid almost every game. He's much better in that 4th option role after a few years of being miscast as a Nic Batum
MlCHAEL J0RDAN::Funny how I managed both of these teams...
Nicholas Obert::Beal had a 20 game stretch where he averaged 17 points, 5 boards, .48 from the floor and .42 from 3. Only guards to do that over a season? Hornacek in 91, Jordan in 95.  And Dion freakin Waiters beat him out for rookie of the month. L o l.
JohnsonnnL::He missed a considerable amount of games in February, and Dion had a solid month. can't really say he got robbed.
Nicholas Obert::Totally, especially with Lillards last month being basically Jordan Crawford.  They're a meaningless award, so it's nice that they spread it around some
PartTimeHomer::Beal definitely got jobbed on that. Better defensive player, too. Can't help but think they're trying to make sure he didn't put that string of three straight months together and put any extra pressure on Lillard.
willcowan1986::100 losses between the two of these squads. Wonder what the attendance was here.
bhlraven1619::If the Wizards had Wall at the beginning of season who knows...
Stephen33155::7 or 8 sounds good
Nicholas Obert::Andre= and the
Nicholas Obert::I think 5-9 is the range.  Up until the Minnesota game, they were on a 52 win pace with Wall.  If Wall didnt get hurt, he wouldn't be so bad on D right now andre team would have gelled faster.  Of course, this pretends like every other teams injuries still happened, so it isn't quite fair.
9edr0::probably be the 8 seed or 9 seed
bhlraven1619::Thinking more 6 or 7
JohnsonnnL::MKG's potential is being wasted.
InRihannasGut::I think he should switch the starting lineup a lil bit, start BG, and Haywood, Haywood is not all that, but he's better than Biyombo.. play MKG more minutes at least 30 a night.
Stephen33155::Dunlap freakin sucks as a coach, and they said he's in there for player development??? who's he developing?? McRoberts!!!
9edr0::yep McRoberts is the next Pau Gasol
Nicholas Obert::MKG is averaging more minutes than all but like 10 teenagers ever.  Trust me. I'm a Wizards fan. Bringing kids along slowly is underrated.
9edr0::yep not being played enough at all should get 30+ only gets 25 with no other SF on team
InRihannasGut::9edr04 i think but he was the 2nd pick and has lots of potential they should keep him   I was talking about Dunlap, not MKG, i like MKG
9edr0::oh i think he has 2 years and yes they should fire him ASAP
TomLeee124::Bobcats are so bad --- Nice Job Jordan. True Leader.  Take yor thugs to the D-league
Nicholas Obert::Thugs? Oh white people.
joeyxfly::good win wiz'es going to sleep now...
Heat Fan since the Lebron draft::Atleast Kemba Walker isnt a quitter
9edr0::yea Kemba, MKG, Bis and Taylor are the only ones who act like they want to win
joeyxfly::Y WOULD U FOUL WHEN THE  GAME IS OVER ^%$$#$%^
jpdench5::someone had wizards second half lol
GeorgeTownDC29::James Harrison just got released for the Steelers. Would be a nice pick up for the skins
PartTimeHomer::Couldn't afford him if he had one leg. Thanks NFL.
Nicholas Obert::Harrison is still great though. There's a difference between paying for big names and paying for production.
robertgriffinhof::No. Redskins don't get big name old guys anymore. They resign their own young players and utilize the draft. That is why they are NFC East champs.
PartTimeHomer::Jan's trying to foul out with 12 seconds left. Let's see if he can do it.
joeyxfly::that is a stat line...
PartTimeHomer::1 minute. 1 TO. 2 fouls. Another quality Vesely outing.
joeyxfly::YAY HE MADE A FREETHROW
joeyxfly::another foul but seriously vesely has to step it up
Infamous T-Rex::Jordan's team is making the Wizards look like contenders.
lashmann::I never noticed how bad Vesely was till now... wow
Nicholas Obert::If you look at the roster, it seems like the "transform jan to a more traditional big man" process wasn't going to involve him playing much. Nene, Okafor, Seraphin, booker and Singleton is a full big man rotation as is..  I respect the Wizards for taking it slow, I don't really know why they throw him out there at all.. He has some great instincts at times, but until he adjusts to the 20 pounds they've put on him, it's just hurting his confidence to put him out there.  He responded great to being a big part of the rotation last year.. I'm in the minority, but I'm not giving up on him. If he adjusts to playing bigger, all the similarities between his and Noah's rookie stats in games where they got 15+ minutes (they' were so similar it's freakish) might end up panning out
Nicholas Obert::It's weird cuz he averaged something like 9+9 in 27mpg the last 20 games of last year with the Wiz out scoring opponents in 16 of his 20 stints on the floor and his man averaging a sub-12 PER.. I think his issues are related to the Wizards trying to bulk him up. It's made him a step slower and that threw his confidence way off
joeyxfly::GOD DAMMIT JAN U SUCK BROOO!!!!!
PartTimeHomer::You suck, Vesely.
GeorgeTownDC29::preach
GeorgeTownDC29::Beal would have had at least 30 in this game...
PartTimeHomer::Man, Wall steps up his D late. Best part of his game, imo.
InRihannasGut::Why is MKG only getting 4 shots? Is it the coach or is it him?
9edr0::coach not playing him any only gets 25mins per game with no other real SF on roster
9edr0::people were calling Kemba a bust last year and he is a stud now i think MKG can do the same
9edr0::4 i think but he was the 2nd pick and has lots of potential they should keep him
InRihannasGut::I would get rid of him after this season, how many years is his contract?
9edr0::he only played 18mins this game he should get 33 weather they're winning or loosing
9edr0::Dunlap has no clue what hes doing he played Diop and McRoberts 25+ against the nets and played Bis 6 (1 foul)
InRihannasGut::why isnt he playing?
Minnysota Vikings::Why on earth was Gilchrist the 2nd overall pick? The dude can't score and he isn't that special at anything else.
robertgriffinhof::Because he balls so hard.
9edr0::he has insane defensive potential
joeyxfly::he has a motor he would be better on a winning team
robertgriffinhof::McClemore wears 23 in honor of Jordan, but Victor Oladipo's college career is similar to Jordan. Wonder who he will pick.
InRihannasGut::Oladipo is projected to go like 8 or 9 in the draft.
robertgriffinhof::Beal was projected to go 8 or 9 this time last year. Went 3rd just like MJ
9edr0::McLemore he can score and he has more potential
joeyxfly::i hope Beal is back next game ppl were just gonna to consider him in talk for the ROTY
robertgriffinhof::Let him rest. Don't want him out for a while.
GeorgeTownDC29::Come on Wiz get 100. Its been awhile
RMFT1071::Back to back fouls on 3 pointers, game was oick to go under , now is going over, denied games aren't fixed?
PartTimeHomer::Gamblers think everything's fixed. But only when they lose money.
RaffiC22::the conversation on this game is so low....lol
robertgriffinhof::No trolls to add to the count. Enjoy it before our teams become good.
joeyxfly::Booker Wanted A Poster!!!
robertgriffinhof::The Bobcats will draft Oladipo if Indiana wins the National Championship or McClemore if Kansas wins. They always seem to draft the best player on the Championship team.
joeyxfly::Hey Defense Wins Championships... Thats What They Say.
9edr0::if they get #1 its McLemore if they dont get #1 and he is gone they will probably pick best available
robertgriffinhof::Oladipo with MKG and Biambo would be insane defensively.
robertgriffinhof::And this is from a Wiz fan
PartTimeHomer::Wonder how many more times Wall goes behind the back and turns it over with three minutes left.
PartTimeHomer::New rule on replay, if the official reviews a foul call and finds that there's no foul, give it back to the team on the side. Phantom fouls make me angry.
GeorgeTownDC29::Well are SF stepped it up this game. Still the position we need to feel in the off season
joeyxfly::we could of traded ariza for caron butler but clips gm rejected it at the last minute... they wanted a first rounder
GeorgeTownDC29::Im really glad we didn't do that actually
9edr0::to do list for Charlotte this off season   1-fire Dunlap 2-draft McLemore and Olynyk 3-sign a good FA center (maybe Pekovic from Minny)  4-spend rest of FA money on solid starters or good bench players
GeorgeTownDC29::good except no way you are getting pek
9edr0::he is restricted FA....and Charlotte can offer more money then they are willing to match
GeorgeTownDC29::Minnesota will resign him. they would be foolish not to
9edr0::Charlotte will be able to over pay for him
InRihannasGut::Hes a FA this summer
InRihannasGut::damn, i forgot all about Pekovic.. that would be good.
joeyxfly::wiz fans get their chick fille boy i wish i was in their...
PartTimeHomer::Brendan getting away with murder. Goes over the back and the guy he pushes out of the way gets called for the foul. Makes sense. What happened to Brendan anyway? I actually liked him toward the end of his time in Washington.
ovechkinsgoal::exciting game
InRihannasGut::Bobcats should draft McLemore with their first pick, then draft the PF from Gonzaga with their Blazers pick, sign a Center this summer, somebody like Al Jefferson, or somebody thats established in the league. They got enough money to sign a huge FA.
9edr0::yea should have enough to get a star or 3 good starters probably the 3 starters i dont think a star will sign there right now
InRihannasGut::if they can give a good contract, they would sign.. most good teams wouldnt be able to sign good FAs anyway, due to the cap thing,
