Neat trickster::fluke win
jayeteee::The Grizz went up 10, and the Nuggets outscored 'em 31-14 the rest of the way.
1gatherer::Its really not sour grapes. We are sooo glad we don't have Melo anymore. The Knicks should trade him soon in order to rebuild.
floyd1243::The Knicks got the "win now " blueprint from a James Dolan junk yard. It's all second and third hand stuff that will have to be changed in a year or two.  The problem is, Dolan don't like youth on his team. Shumpert is the only draft pick still on the Knicks from the last ten drafts.
ulthumbei::Knicks need to rebuild (again, since they did such a crappy job of it this time).
Ev-Dawg3000::the knicks couldn't figure out how to make their own competitive team, so they stole the old thuggets who never won a championship and are old as sh** and thought they could win a ship LOL
floyd1243::These 3 road games will tell me if I miss Melo . I definitely miss Amar'e. Stoudemire bought things to the table in one package that no other Knick can bring. Knicks have no chance without him in the playoffs.
TheVille5713::The heat will make the NBA finals at least the next two year. The best team in the NBA is in a joke of a conference. The east blows.
ralvarez73::HMMM.....Dantoni, Lin, Fields, Jeffries.........I wonder where this team would be if Melo wouldnt have fired them?
1gatherer::Excellent point. He gets his way but doesn't have LeBron's or Kobe's chops.
setrue::It would have been a team fun team to watch playing winning team ball, ball movement, fast break dunks, energy and effort on defense.  EVERYTHING this current Knicks team is lacking in.  Tyson, Shump and Novack are less effective without Lin.
5728Kenneth::Let's go Knicks tonight! Hope they can win after two bad games and keeping their standing in the east.
acmebrew::Knicks lose by at least 20 again tonight.
msonic69::Tyson Chandler was -22 in 18 minutes, I would have faked a knee injury too.
msonic69::That was the 2nd best team in the East?  Wow.....
acmebrew::The Pacers that are 0-2 against the Nuggets this year? Those Pacers?
Taco still needs a Q::Ill admit Pacers should of won in Denver, refs even admitted a blown call in that game
NothingButHoopsHoopsHoops::no, the Pacers didnt play last night
5728Kenneth::Problem: Some Knicks players were stoned when they are playing.
intertrimmer::I thought it was funny after a fast break dunk by the Nuggets, the Knicks players just stood there wondering what just happened.
KCISAHOMO::Love how Knick and Miami fans doubted me that Chandler knee was just hyper-extended. Twitter is a great source of information. All the writers at the game said it was hyper-extended not a acl or mcl injury.
acmebrew::That's what they said on the Altitude broadcast.
CantStopTheHeat12345::thought they called it a contusion either during or right after the game
5728Kenneth::JR Smith was drunk and got expelled when playing with Warrior two days ago.
KnicksKnicksKnicks111678::love the article on StraightHoops com today about the Knicks - hit the nail on the head
CantStopTheHeat12345::here's the link to that article http://www.straighthoops.com/articles.html
helmsey::STOP SPAMMING.  YOU THINK PEOPLE ARE IDIOTS AND DON'T REALIZE ALL THESE PEOPLE POSTING ABOUT STRAIGHTHOOPS COINCIDENTALLY MADE THEIR PROFILE ON THE EXACT SAME DAY
CantStopTheHeat12345::yup, need a player that drives the lane hard
NothingButHoopsHoopsHoops::kidding, right?
dc3773::Jeremy Lin
colosportsman::Seriously does any team in the playoffs have an easier route to the finals than the Miami Heat..Eastern Conference is weak..
colosportsman::Knicks are trying to be the old Nuggets..Just look at there personnell. Problem is these guys like Kmart are to old.
tony_r27::JR Smith looks stoned and confused 100% of the time...
colosportsman::JR Smith is JR Smith. Nuggets fans are glad to be rid of that. He will give you a couple of Very hot games a year..and be ice cold or a chucker the rest  of the time.
colosportsman::Knicks not playing very well. I am thinking they probably end up the 5 seed in the East. Denver however will end up the 4 seed or even the 3 seed in the West. 4 seed in the West is way better than even the 2 seed in the East. Miami is the only elite team in the Eastern Conference.
doc7262003::At this point, I think even the 5th seed is overly optimistic. It's looking like the question isn't if the knicks will come home from this west coast trip 0 - 5 but a better guess is what the blowout average is going to be. Right now the average loss on the first two game is minus 27 and counting
tony_r27::This game was like watching a bad JV play a varsity.
Skippydoo4.1::More like the heat playing St. John's
colosportsman::At this point passing the Clippers for the 4 seed is more viable than catching Memphis although getting the 3 is also very possible with a game against Memphis Friday
gfschrimsher::Division winner gets a minimum 4 seed, Nugs have to catch Memphis to get home court
acmebrew::Nuggets win that game they have the tiebreaker, as they've already beaten Memphis 2 out of three, same with the Clippers.
acmebrew::Nuggets are the 3rd youngest team in the league. Knicks are the oldest. Where would you rather be playing?
flybye23::the knickerjokers are terrible !!!  lmao
acmebrew::The Knicks will be lucky to make it out of the first round.
5728Kenneth::The Knicks will not be in the final.
rtbjr3000::And you are lame !!! lmao.
tony_r27::NBA finals: Nuggets vs Heat
5728Kenneth::The Heats will be in the final. I do not know the other team.
5728Kenneth::I agree. The Knicks are dead zambies.
doc7262003::thanks for the laugh. Pacers vs Clippers makes more sense than that scenario
acmebrew::Duh, do I really have to explain it to you? They are inferior teams at this point in the season, doc. Got the point now?
doc7262003::acmebrew - Pacers &amp; Clippers are 0-3 against the Nuggets the last 3 times they've played.  knicks are 2 -1 against the Heat over last 3 games. What's your point?
Pusherman3::Actually, 0-4.  Pacers are 0-2, Clips are 1-2 (lost the last 2).
acmebrew::Pacers &amp; Clippers are 0-3 against the Nuggets the last 3 times they've played. O-4, thanks Pusherman3 for the additional info.
LouieLou1::What the Knicks could use is a real playmaking pg that makes Melo work within an offense. Felton is nice the first couple of months then productivity falls beginning in the new year. It was the same thing in his last stint here.
NothingButHoopsHoopsHoops::great article on StraightHoops c.om today about the Knicks and exactly what they need
helmsey::MORE SPAM
LouieLou1::I don't care how many times Jr Smith goes off this year. Screw that immature clown
Pusherman3::Said every Nuggets fan ever.
LouieLou1::They should place Melo in Nelson mandela's bootcamp for offseason workouts
doc7262003::Melo is getting a bad rap. Granted, he's playing isolation game, but that's what Woodson is settling for. As bad as they're playing as a team, the fact that they have 38 wins is primarily due to Melo putting up the numbers he has to this point. The right point guard would make a huge difference. Signing Lin was not possible because of the poison pill Houston put in its contract offer, but if we had been able to bring him back, I think the knicks would be in much better shape. He knows how to penetrate and distribute. Knicks are next to last in assists for a reason, and the reason isn't Melo
floyd1243::Melo is such an isolationist that he  would have to be taught how to play team ball with others. I thought Kidd would get his attention but that has'nt worked. The present rap on Melo is, he is shootin around 39% from the field. Knicks are not going to win many games when their volume shooter is shooting in the 30 percentile
5728Kenneth::Knicks traded away all the young players was Melo's idea. He likes  older players to play with him in the team.
LouieLou1::Slow teams won't get it done unless you have a hof type big directing your D. Even Popovich has realized that you need speed to contend with the likes of the Heat and Thunder.
doc7262003::Right now the knicks look just like they did in last years playoffs. Overmatched with absolutely no business on the court. They'd be better off moving Walt Frazier from the commentator's seat to the head coaching seat. The only good thing about watching the knicks now is listening to Clyde break it down and tell it like it is. "Swiss Cheese Defense". "Everybody standing around watching one guy hog the ball". "Too much dribbling with no ball movement". "no verbal communication on the defensive floor". "Too much unnecessary switching and double teaming."
schulgk::Always love to see bad things happen to NYC in anything.  This was great as I was at the game.  It was so funny to watch the old Nuggets get their butts beaten.  Old, selfish and completely outclassed.  As a Nugget fan it was great to see a team vs a collection of individuals.  NYC deserves the garbage it has and gets.
Pusherman3::I'm from NY but live in Denver. Two great towns.  Different, but great.  There should be no hate for either.
schulgk::Stick a plane in em'
floyd1243::"Stick a plane in em" What does that mean?  Don't sound like ur from any state in the union.
schulgk::Nope.  Just that those from NY think they are the ONLY place in the world.  It is a dump and a toilet.  May more bad thing happen to it.
floyd1243::Sounds like you have been here and could'nt handle it. Had to run back home to the safety of the Mountains. Nuggets fans should appreciate NY, considering that the Knicks made u what u are today.
charlie hustle bets the over::no one is envious of that rat infested cesspool of a city.
LouieLou1::Ok buddy no need to further display your envy
LouieLou1::wow talk about hating. Did your girl leave you for someone from New York?
Jason Stone Lee::Felton + Kid = the slowest back court in League.  Melo = Knicks most famous fake super star.  Woodson = wood brain.  Knicks boss and GM = idiolt, Melo never be a leader of a team, but they don't believe the truth. Oh they found a back up leader, Felton!
setrue::If every Knicks fan receives  $1 for every Dolan mistake in life, we all be millionaires!
5728Kenneth::Dolan is rich. He is a garbage collector.
Angelo3359::I hated the trade when it happened and this is just what I expected.  Even when Melo is on his game he is a show unto himself.  Trouble is a championship team is just that a team and unfortunately this is not a well put together team.  To see so many of the young Knicks that wear a different uniform now is disheartening. This was a fun team to watch before the trade and yes maybe not a championship team unless we got a few more pieces, but getting Melo the price was too high and he will never be responsible for bringing a title to NY.
setrue::Knicks are in a bad situation next few years.  Locked into huge contracts with players that nobody wants, players too old to play, few draft picks, and an owner that is idiot.  Where is the light at the end of the tunnel?
Pusherman3::Could be worse, they could be the Nets.  Average players, HUGE contracts.
JohnnyBlazers::The light will come when Dolan sells the team, the Knicks go in the lottery for a few years and get stud picks.  Meaning another 7-8 years before the BRICKS follow a true blueprint for success.  Of course, it;s only 7-8 years if Dolan sells now!!
NNVBcoach::Knicks got out-rebounded by 20 = no effort!
floyd1243::Denver was , bigger, faster, stronger and younger. Thanks to Dolan.
-tpac_12::"No the refs grabbed all the rebounds for the Nuggets" -Knicks fans
JohnnyBlazers::The Knicks should take last nights beating by the Nuggets as a lesson on how to build a young, exciting, athletic team.  It's only a matter of time before Carmelo's fat gene starts to kick in and he has all sorts of physical problems.  Carmelo is NOT a franchise player - he is a scorer in the Marbury, World B. Free, George Gervin mode .  Carmelo should watch tapes of how Bernard King played - that's who he should be patterning his game after.  Not dribbling up to the 3pt line and chucking.
floyd1243::He has proven he ain't no Bernard.  He mentioned when he first arrived, that he patterned his game after Bernard.  At 39% shooting he has a long way to go. Bernard took a lot of shots but his field goal percentage was over 50 for his career.
JohnnyBlazers::They were building something with Donnie Walsh until they blew it up and got Chuckmello - back to the drawing board.
I have popcorn in my ears::lol - the Knicks HAD those guys and traded them for Melo!
5728Kenneth::The Knick's locker room is a nursing home. So many old and disable players.
5728Kenneth::Melo can talk very well in the Charles Rose take show.
Koballhog::Melo is so overrated... his FG% is a joke for a selfish guy  who was playing PF(before Amer'e back).
Broncosandcats::Hey ESPN and NY that was a beat down last night.:)
NothingButHoopsHoopsHoops::Great article about the Knicks today on StraightHoops c.om - gets right to the point
I have popcorn in my ears::Danilo Gallinari and Wilson Chandler, the two key players sent to Denver in the 2011 trade, combined for 40 points. Even Corey Brewer, who was sent to the Knicks in that deal but later reacquired by the Nuggets, had a better night than Anthony, scoring 10 points. The Nuggets racked up 62 fast-break points, often scoring within seconds after a Knicks basket
Pusherman3::You know who the Knicks could use, Mozgov. I think he will be a RFA.  They need some reliable size behind Chandler. K-Mart and Kurt Thomas at C isn't going to cut it.
samdag2::I think lots of teams would like to add Mozgov.  Great size, decent skill set, and he doesn't try to do more than what he's capable of.   Solid player who I could easily see getting 20 minutes per night off the bench for a contender.
samdag2::Last two games show exactly what happens when the Knicks 3 point shooting goes cold.  They are a one trick pony.
5728Kenneth::Melo and Lin cannot play together!
5728Kenneth::Knicks is the only team do that!!
5728Kenneth::He must have the ball all the time.
samdag2::I always laugh when the Knicks play Felton and Kidd at the same time and yet have Melo bring the ball up the floor.
I have popcorn in my ears::Seriously - who CAN Melo play with?
Pusherman3::Chauncey.
Nargash35::Woodson after first quarter: Guys we are down 5. They made their run. We got them where we want them. Woodson after 3 mins into the 2nd quarter: Ohhh fuccck , we are screwed..!!
5728Kenneth::Nugget is a good team. They can beat the Knicks like a drum.
5728Kenneth::Thanks. I like to be corrected.
dwight howards free throw academy::The Nuggets are*  I hate when people spell check me but that's emabarassing.
setrue::http://espn.go.com/blog/new-york/knicks/post/_/id/...    Article states the Knicks Woodson &amp; GM Grunwald will meet after road trip and are looking to pick up a point guard who has consistent speed and quickness to get into the paint and make plays. Isn't this a description of JEREMY LIN!
LarryGnth::Instead, the source said, the Knicks would be interested in a younger, but experienced, backup point guard. That player would build on Raymond Felton's aggressive play in transition and half-court sets to start games. While Jason Kidd and Pablo Prigioni are wise floor generals, they simply don't have the consistent speed and quickness to get into the paint and make plays.   Nice try --  it says an experienced back up point guard genius.
setrue::Absolutely SCHOOLED and it will not be any better as Portland takes revenge on Felton tonight.  Lillard will be a tough match up for Felton.    LarryGnth, Felton is a backup NBA guard and not a starter on any team but Knicks.
I have popcorn in my ears::Felton got SCHOOLED last night..
setrue::Ask yourself this question:  If the Knicks kept Lin why would they need a backup that match his skills set?  After two Lin and Rockets blowouts of the Knicks, you can''t see Lin is better than Felton?  You can't see Felton's ANNUAL fade has occurred?  NICE TRY to stick up for a dummy like Dolan and Grunwald and Woodson.  LOL.
5728Kenneth::Melo and Lin can not play together.
Nargash35::LOL Maybe you could have used Aaron Brooks but he signed with Rockets..!!
I have popcorn in my ears::Right - cuz there are so many out there right now...  smh...
Pusherman3::Sorry about Melo's knee and Chadler's knee.  Nuggets simply ran them out of the building.  That has to hurt.
Broncosandcats::How could you be mad at any of the other old Nugget players.  Melo forced the issue on them.
I have popcorn in my ears::Nugs fans were classy when Chandler got hurt.  They were cool with JR too.  I don't have a problem with them booing Melo - he forced his way out.
5728Kenneth::The Heat will win the title this year.
DN123456789::Defense wins champions and i think Memphis have a good chance to do that..it reminds me the SAS who won like that 4 titles (1999, 2003, 2005, 2007) ....
