RTiffer123::where are the cry baby haters now? GO SUCKS A P.IPE! GO HEAT!
Travis Berger::I hate lebron. does that count. He can't do it like Jordan or Kobe so he ran to miami for help. He'll never win a title on his own
Travis Berger::I hate lebron. does that count. He can't do it like Jordan or Kobe so he ran to miami for help. He'll never win a title on his own
Travis Berger::I hate lebron. does that count. He can't do it like Jordan or Kobe so he ran to miami for help. He'll never win a title on his own
Send Brian Scalabrine to the 2012 All Star Game::I voted to send Brian Scalabrine to the All Star game in Orlando.  Make it happen. Send Brian to the All-Star Game on http://www.nba.com/ASB  Copy and paste this everywhere and let people know. Only with your help can Brian make it to Orlando.  This is our facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/pages/Send-Brian-Scalabrine-to-the-2012-All-Star-Game/170373419730053?sk=wall
mintzerkj4eva::I know Atlanta fans are sick of seeing this
jeffreydahmer60::Bulls fans are a joke. Miami will wipe the floor with the Bulls and their horrible offense.
Taphawn::time will tell boy they killed Orlando last night. its crazy that Howard is or can be a power house and they dont have what it takes , i really thought him and shaq was the last dinosaurs of big men left . Howard is just so nice hes not built to be a beast .
JamalMAllen::I don't see what makes them think it will be any different than last year's conference finals.
peezyfreshbaby57::I think I've seen Ivan Johnson on Gangland before
peezyfreshbaby57::Real talk he needs more PT, if he doesn't get Hawks coach will have a "greenlight" on his head
brandonlee561heat::Fresh out 'da pen!
antistratfordian::Crazy Ivan!  (red october reference)
_misterfurious::Ivan Johnson last night &gt; Joe Johnson
Scrupuh::Clutchasaurus Bosh!
peezyfreshbaby57::The Heat got the Nets next......LeBron and Wade take the night off
dan torell::Both are probably going to sit this one out. They have to prove that the win against Atlanta was not a fluke.
nba is the worst::How would beating a 1-win team prove that?
_misterfurious::When the season is condensed like this, health going into the playoffs is the most important thing. Avoid nagging injuries if possible.
_misterfurious::Maybe you're right.
antistratfordian::you're paranoid.  steph curry is such a rare case.
_misterfurious::I hear you but I would rather not see a situation with him like Steph Curry spraining the same ankle over and over.
antistratfordian::he's fine.  he doesn't have any nagging injuries.  his sprain was very minor at worst.  wade is a different story.
Scrupuh::I say let them rest
flybye23::better to rest them and not take a chance since it's early in the season.  doesnt matter if we lose cause the game wont count in the long run.
peezyfreshbaby57::Theres really no need for him to waste his energy on that game though
TheMiamiDerps::so naive
antistratfordian::there is a good reason.  he gets paid to play.  also, the fans.  two good reasons.
antistratfordian::nah, LBJ is playing.
FadeAWade::...and people said Heat have no depth. Their bench when healthy is one of the best right now. They have some young guys that need more experience like Cole and Pittman, and even Harris. But it's still good. Miller isn't even back yet.  They did the right thing by waiving Eddie House. He wouldn't have gotten 14 rebs like Terrell Harris did, and he would have chucked up 3's and missed them all.
_misterfurious::I like Eddie House but I can't argue with you there. He is clutch and can hit threes, but the rest of his game is too lacking. If his shot's not falling he contributes nothing.
nba is the worst::Harris is obviously a steal.  Spo needs to get him rotation minutes
FadeAWade::When ATL beat the Heat  "Heat can't beat the zone (when it was the first time ATL used it and Miami was not expecting it), ATL is for real, they have the best defense, going to be top 4 seed"  When Heat beat ATL WITHOUT Wade and LBJ  "ATL is a joke, they choke, they are a terrible team and pathetic"  Which is it people?
nba is the worst::Obviously, it's both.  No team should lose a home game with a 46-23 ft advantage. period.  And in the pathetic east, they could easily get a 4 seed
flybye23::yep.  and the ignorant Heat haters didnt even take the time to realize that when the Hawks went ahead in the 2nd half, mainly the 4th quarter, they werent using the zone.  they only reallu used it in the 1st half.   it was just a loss cause they didnt play their best.  no biggie !!!   zone will not stop our goal
Tricky Troll::well, if you look up hater in the dictionary, you'll find this as one of the definitions:  -somebody who acts like they are always right.
brandonlee561heat::I hope the Wizards, and Magic win tonight!
_misterfurious::The Knicks are sucking goat balls right now, but I can't imagine them losing to the Wizards who are just terrible.
brandonlee561heat::I hate the Knicks, and I want Chi to lose, lol
LocalizedMiami::That would be niice
Raptorsfan080::everyone thats saying that Bosh isnt clutch doesnt know anything. Im not saying this dude is super clutch, but it wasnt lucky either. He has had many game winning shots and shots that send it to OT like last night. just saying.
nba is the worst::From ESPN Daily Dime:   Chris Bosh led the way with 33 points, 14 rebounds and five assists, including a game-tying 3-pointer with one second left in regulation, and in doing so reminded everyone that it's a big three in Miami and not a big two. Miami's one sustained bumpy stretch came after Bosh went to the bench with his fourth foul in the third quarter, allowing a 16-1 run while surrendering a 13-point advantage.
JamalMAllen::Hey, it's Chris Bosh, cut him some slack.
LocalizedMiami::Whatever happened to the sensation "John Wall"
peezyfreshbaby57::Rose is a consistent scorer and distributor the numbers prove that
_misterfurious::I didn't say he wasn't. I'm just saying CP3 is a pretty good shooter.   Look, I've said it many times - Rose is a better player than CP3 in terms of just dominating a game.  But Paul is a better point guard and runs a team better.
_misterfurious::CP3 is a consistent jump shooter - the numbers prove that.
peezyfreshbaby57::CP3 is not as good of a shooter that people think! Rose has been dropping dimes this yr! I agree he is a shoot first guard but he can pass!
peezyfreshbaby57::The guy needs another consistent scorer or a big with a post game free him up! But yeah so far he has shown that he cant be mentioned with D Rose, CP3, D Will and the other elite guards! But dude can leap though!
draino25::d-rose cant be mentioned with cp3 or d will, those are true points guards, rose isnt.  and the other 2 can shoot jump shots rose cant
antistratfordian::this makes me sad.  he's my pg... :(
LocalizedMiami::That guy is a disgrace
draino25::he has no jumper, he isnt a leader, and isnt ready for the nba....typical kentucky product for coach cal
LocalizedMiami::Norris Cole for ROY
peezyfreshbaby57::I  think it much easier to win rookie of the yr on a bad team! The team will obviously be better than last yr cause they were flat out pathetic last season Kyrie doesnt deserve it but he will probably win cuz he gets more touches and PT
LocalizedMiami::You both have valid points
draino25::why doesnt he deserve it?  he doesnt have superstars setting him up for easy jumpers...or guys who take all of the attention away from him.  cole has it easy playing with the big 3, he just gets to an open spot and they find him....no need for him to create anything or be a leader...
FadeAWade::I think Kyrie Irving might get it. Not because he's better than Cole or anything, but because he's a starter and the go to guy already because he has to fill in some type of void LBJ left.  All the other rookies don't have the same opportunity to be the number 1 option already.  Rubio would be my ROY because he is a natural floor general. The hype was real about him.
peezyfreshbaby57::Cole is playing for a team that matters, the other guard like Kyrie and Kemba are playing for team that are horrible which allows there numbers to be blown up alot better! Cole is playing with 2 of the top players in the game today and he still mentions to produce and hit big shots! He is clearly ROY
draino25::when kyrie irving gives the cavs more wins than last year and puts up the numbers he is putting up he will be roy.  players who play with other top players are thought of as much because of the attention the "big stars" get...irving puts up the numbers he does being the "big star" for cleveland...its much harder
peezyfreshbaby57::Rubio is playing better than Kemba, Knight, and Irving
dan torell::Rubio is not consistent in his game - plus his type of play is the same and other players can read his moves.
LocalizedMiami::Brandon Knight, Kemba Walker, and Kyrie Irving
Taphawn::he will see what the nba is all about when he faces rose, cp3, etc hes ok and i think he will be ok but never a top 5 . I think his head blew up a lil when they were yelling mvp lol and when he made some key shoots . HE WILL GROW UP FAST
flanzana3::no defense? you clearly have no idea what you're talking about since one of Cole's greatest attributes is his defense
draino25::all im saying is he was a one and done...and he only played 10 games regular season against scrubs, and the tourney which he just took over after not playing the entire season...he didnt get broken into the duke system he played his own game...just like deng.
LocalizedMiami::Kyrie did play for Duke in college...All Im saying is Duke players dont make it in the Nba
draino25::the kid needs a reality check....he was a 2nd round draft pick from a mid major school, he has to earn his swagger and he acts like he is the best thing in the world.
LocalizedMiami::And Cole played 4 years in college which has really helped his game
dan torell::Players will constantly play him to wear down... you will see this soon when other A grade teams play against him.
draino25::irving is not a duke player, he didnt play much last season.  and when he did he did his own thing to get some exposure...the kid is the real deal...
dan torell::Cole is unpredictable that's what the team needs - he can shoot, drive, pass, dribble, steals and better BB IQ that's what the team needs plus he's not afraid to shoot whenever the big 3 is tied up.
LocalizedMiami::But playing with players like Lebron, Wade, and Bosh wil make you want to play at a higher level..I dont trust DUke players in the Nba..
draino25::so will the players with more of an upside.  like kyrie irving...he will win rookie of the year.  his numbers are sick
LocalizedMiami::Remember its only his 8th Nba game...He will get better as the season goes on
draino25::cole plays out of control a lot,  shoots too much and plays no defense.  not to mention dumb turnovers...good change of pace guy to come in to give guys breaks but he isnt an impact player.
dan torell::nah... I think Cole is more dynamic player than those three...
draino25::only one who has gotten any press has been irving
peezyfreshbaby57::Agreed!
dan torell::I think that is going to happen. Any other players who can be in as Rookie of the Year?
draino25::why is it when wade is out the heat still dominate, and when both are out they still win...seems like the common denominator here is when wade is out they are alot better, and when both are out they get by.
peezyfreshbaby57::People keep saying the Hawks lost the game, but the Heat just out played them simply and plain!
draino25::endurance, they came out strong thinking it was going to be a blow out and they would have an easy night....they didnt pace themselves because they thought they would be sitting during the 4th.
antistratfordian::Josh Smith was really tired to start the 3rd OT, slumping over the scorers table looking fatigued.  Horford had to yell at him to get his act together.  Some of these guys still don't have NBA legs yet.  It was a battle of endurance that the Hawks lost.
draino25::the hawks did lose the game...they werent mentally ready for it...once they heard lebron and wade werent playing they let up thinking it was a cake walk....you could see that very clear last night
nba is the worst::Umm - they didn't get by.  Hawks lost the game by missing too many fts, period
draino25::or you can say that if the heat didnt miss 57 shots the game wouldnt have even been close....
draino25::how would that not be getting by when they barely won?  they scored more points then the other team.  say the hawks made everyone of the free throws and miami hit 10 more shots that they missed...still the same outcome
antistratfordian::"Hawks lost the game"  that's getting by
brandonlee561heat::your forgot about the last game of the regular season, when they both sat out and we still blew out Toronto.
antistratfordian::Eddie House had the game of his career in that game.
draino25::thats toronto, they have no one at all, the only good player that had now plays for the heat
draino25::not to mention the two games last year where lebron didnt play,they got blown out once and lost the other.
brandonlee561heat::Lakers-Suns get's NBA TV fan night game, smh..
Dwight_Howard4MVP::Miami Heat fans are sausage riders!
peezyfreshbaby57::Your Dwights personal sack huger!
Dwight_Howard4MVP::Hugger has two G's homie
Dareus21::unlike you riding dwight jock right.........
dan torell::Dwight! You suck!
Dwight_Howard4MVP::I am Dwight Howard
Dr.Killapatient...::Dang, the heat won again..... I really don't won't to go hiding under a rock again..... -Heat haters and trolls
Eternal_Sage::baron davis &gt; rose  *snicker*
peezyfreshbaby57::Portland or OKC in the finals??? Bull or Miami HEAT in the finals???  Thoughts? I got Miami and Portland!
dan torell::The Western Division is up for grabs... Mavs is loosing momentum, OKC is yet to prove something. The Eastern Division, we have a bigger picture who is going to the Eastern Finals... Heat vs. Bulls.  The question is now, are other teams compete this level of basketball? Considering the Heat is/are an offense/defense like the Oregon State football team.
draino25::and he cant do that...he cant take over a game with the lack of a jump shot....
dan torell::The Bulls are a good team, the problem with that is, the players rely more on Rose to be an aggressor - the rest, they just watched him do his thing - that's what happened during the Finals against the Heat.
draino25::if the bulls have to play the celtics it will not be good for them...
peezyfreshbaby57::Timmy is scrubing this yr! They are playing good in the reg. season but I expect a first round exit like last yr
draino25::okc doesnt play enough defense to get to the finals, and westbrook has to many let downs to be consistent in the playoffs...im going spurs, they are playing great.  one last run for timmy?
Eternal_Sage::miami in the east 1-5 in the west
Aicyla22::too early to guess
antistratfordian::OKC might be too mental.  The West seems wide open.  I'm still favoring OKC though.
brandonlee561heat::Was great to start off the raod trip with a W, even though were better on the road, I think.
Aicyla22::idk if we're better on the road but are definitely good on the road
Nirvana_Fan91::Impressive victory for Miami.  Though, it's pitiful Atlanta couldn't win the game.
Eternal_Sage::did you just give miami credit?
nba is the worst::I agree - the refs did all they possibly could to help the Hawks, to no avail.
Nirvana_Fan91::Yes, I am giving them credit. I dislike Miami, but they earned the win last night.
Clenbutador::Late in the game, the hawks were showing the zone against the zone buster heat squad.
jackp16::If given the chance, Mario could become the best sixth man in the NBA,  that is if the BIG 3 give their approval for the coach to so utilize him.
mc_fine::slow down bruh.... sloooooow down....
peezyfreshbaby57::He forgot about J Crawford, Lamar Odom, James Hardin, Jason Terry, Oj Mayo, etc... There are a number of players in the league that are better than Chalmers that come off the bench
draino25::cole is a rookie and plays like one...lots of stupid plays and dumb shots and turnovers on his part, not to mention lack of defense.  chalmers is the best they have at the position...
draino25::how will he be a 6th man when he starts?
mccoywajmu::the best sixth man? o please
Eternal_Sage::John Wall &gt; Rose too!
mccoywajmu::Jump into the wall sage!  John Wall!
Eternal_Sage::MCCOY COle &gt;Rose!
mccoywajmu::As a bulls fan give credit to the Heat for playing hard but the Hawks are simply pathetic...
mccoywajmu::we won pathetically? cool....rather win pathetically then lose cool
Oxfordian Theory::pathetically.
mccoywajmu::We are undefeated against them this season?  Is Miami?
mccoywajmu::My pathetic team won didnt they?
Oxfordian Theory::well that pathetic team held your pathetic team to like 28 first half points, didn't they?
draino25::they beat an average team that has guys who have no mental toughness for this game, and it all starts by the coach not being a good coach.  he has tons of talent and they have under achieved every year.  because they dont get it done when they need too...easy win for the hawks last night and they just let up and didnt take it seriously seeing lebron and wade on the bench.  that wont ever happen against good teams
peezyfreshbaby57::Going into the game the Hawks were 4-2. They are a decent team who was out played! Lets not make excuses for them
draino25::they beat the heat once the nets twice and the wizards once....
antistratfordian::he had a quote last night that was just hilarious.  he said something like he wished lebron and wade were playing, because then his guys would've been ready for the game.
draino25::goes to show that he cant get his guys ready to play, and they arent capable of getting themselves ready,  6 seed and first round exit just like every other year
brandonlee561heat::I think you overused the word "tons", there.
jackp16::Hey HEAT! Cut your financial losses. You don't need those assets.
dan torell::They players actually took a lesser pay just to be in one team. The Heat didn't overspend because the NBA has a salary cap.
canez309::Guys but on a serious note, Chris Bosh has to be atleast 15% dinosaur.
Eternal_Sage::Hei s the MVP Most Valuable Predator
Eternal_Sage::Lebron and Wade looked at each other and thought. "We need to get back in shape or this is going to be Bosh's team!"
brandonlee561heat::He played like a brontasaurus, possessed.
Eternal_Sage::HEY GIVE BOSH SOME LOVE!
antistratfordian::Yack Yack!
brandonlee561heat::el oh el :smiley:
canez309::Longtime Heat fan here and though I'm stoked for the win, why the hell did the Heat opt for Bosh to shoot the game-tying 3??
antistratfordian::Because he's good at it?  "Since the start of the 2007 season, Bosh is now 6-for-10 from long range in the last 10 seconds of the 4th quarter/overtime of a tie or one-possession game."  -ESPN stats and info
canez309::I can't pull those stats out of my pocket but thank you for answering the question...GO HEAT!!
peezyfreshbaby57::Everybody can say what they will about the win and make excuses for ATL, but they are a decent team that lost to Miami with out LeBron and Wade.  Haters will find a reason to discredit the win but at the end of the day Miami is deeper than people thought so lets get credit where credit is due
draino25::dont count out the celtics...they will be there in the end....it was a good win for miami because it gives them another w in the win column...but its not saying much beating a team that let up because they thought it would be a cakewalk...this win was about mental toughness not skill
JayRob606::Atlanta is at best a decent team, but still a good win for the Heat. The East is a two team conference this season, can't wait for the Bulls and Heat rematch in the playoffs.
peezyfreshbaby57::Show them  some love they took a full roster team with out there best two players and beat them!
nba is the worst::"Discredit the win"?  Please - we all saw the Hawks lose, despite a 2X FT margin.  Pathetic
MeetHed85::i think it was a good win for Miami...it shows they never needed that tool
MeetHed85::many people hate Miami cuz of Lebron only....he has no class...a quitter...frontrunner and choker..
brandonlee561heat::Right... and you keep thinking about it. Next.
MeetHed85::we all have an opinion...you keep tasting those nutz bro
brandonlee561heat::ill be honest, no one, not even Lebron cares what "MeetHed85" think's. Sorry.
Clenbutador::Based on final game 3 last year and this game, the coaches James and Wade should learn one thing.  If they want to win a championship, run a few plays for Bosh when it matters.
draino25::they need to put shooters out there like they did last night to destroy the zone....once mike miller gets healthy when they see a zone battier jones and miller need to be on the court.
mc_fine::Miller has been probably the biggest disappointment with this Heat experiment. Been injured and ineffective for so long you wonder if the Miller we remember can still show up. If he does you would expect the Heat to win it all.
Clenbutador::Bosh and Haslem are the 2 best midrange shooters on the team.  James and Wade makes alot more shots from outside but when they see the zones, they tighten up.  They need to run plays for Bosh to bust the zone defense.
Oxfordian Theory::They ran plays for Bosh "when it mattered" a lot last year and Spo got heavy criticism for it.
Eternal_Sage::they did in the chicago game bosh got like 10-13 points the first quarter because he was used to dominate boozer
EmergingInThought::How do the Hawks not beat the Heat, at home, without two of the best players in the NBA?  http://www.whatthehellbook.com/2012/01/05/fired-for-not-believing-in-hell/
nba is the worst::By missing LOTS of fts - didn't you watch?
draino25::but thats on the players...you gotta hit ft's to win games.
draino25::this win doesnt show how good the talent of these two teams is...it shows that atlanta doesnt have the mental toughness to kick a team when it is down, and it shows miami's will to win to prove everyone wrong...mental edge definitely went to miami last night which is why they won.  hawks should have won by at least 20
draino25::teams always pull together when they have to play without their stars...this is nothing new you see it all the time.  you wont get performances like this out of bench players when wade and lebron are back....and it was the hawks not the celtics
draino25::hawks should have won by 20 but they were so excited that lebron and wade werent playing they thought it would be a cake walk they let down.
LeChron J::and solid play at the point.
Eternal_Sage::actually, last night  proves miami has a good bench
MeetHed85::Like this if you would rather have Kevin Durant as your franchise player than LeChoke
Eternal_Sage::the fact he made it to the finals with a much weaker team and oh yeah. HE DEFENDS lebron &gt; durant
LeChron J::owned
MeetHed85::by who?
xATLx::Durant is a scorer, and a scorer isn't good enough. Jordan was a scorer early on in his career and it didn't result in championships.
draino25::durant is a taller iverson....and similar to t-mac neither won a title
canez309::Durant has resulted in titles?
MeetHed85::Lebron has resulted in titles?
antistratfordian::All Durant does well is shoot jumpers... and as Kenny Smith and Shaq said last night, shooting jumpers is the easiest thing to do in basketball.
antistratfordian::aside from multiple MVPs, multiple ALL-Defensive First Team selections, two Finals trips, an assortment of all-time records, and having Hall of Famers call him the "Greatest Ever"?  not much compared to Durant, you're right.
canez309::a million things except a ring
MeetHed85::what has lebron accomplished
Eternal_Sage::epic fail
Oxfordian Theory::Why hasn't anyone said the obvious?  Mario Chalmers won the game for them last night.
Scrupuh::It was obviously Chris Bosh WITH THAT FADE AWAY THREE!!! !!
Eternal_Sage::we know this!
Eternal_Sage::BOSH FOR MVP~
Clenbutador::With Bosh, the heat has enough to win championship this year.  With James and Wade, it's overkilled.
JayRob606::The team is a lot better when it's Bosh and Wade or Lebron and not all three.
Zonker40::He won't get enough touches when those two play again, you know this.  Zone defenses also make LeBron frustrated for some reason but it didn't affect last night's lineup.
JB_Smoove_listens_With_Dre_Beats::<b>Cant wait to see Avery Bradley D up Rose</b>
Dwight_Howard4MVP::Miami Heat fans are all sausage riders!
brandonlee561heat::<b>That's the 4th time you have said that.</b>
peezyfreshbaby57::Miami showed how truely deep they are last night! Great win!
Zonker40::It looked an awful lot more like Atlanta isn't very good... that or Miami is better in the fourth and overtime when LeBron is in street clothes...
antistratfordian::Gloria James would be proud!
nba is the worst::Not really - it showed how pathetic the Hawks are, though
Zonker40::So what most people took out of this game is that watching a bunch of scrubs play three overtimes sucks compared to Portland/LA.
Abraar34::i was hoping it would end after the lakers portland game, too bad it wa sonly till half time lol
brandonlee561heat::You must be a Lakers "fan"
Zonker40::And you're trollbait.
Oxfordian Theory::well well well - it looks like it's a genuine Big 3 after all!  Shaq feels stupid right now - more stupider than usual.
R.BushIsNasty::But D. Wade and King James had alot of ok to good players on their teams whereas Bosh never had any good players in  his tenure at Toronto, i think the best player he had on his team in TO was Jalen Rose in his late 20's early 30's. And remember, Bosh was averaging a lot of points during those 8 years, he wasn't just mailing it in.
Zonker40::More stupider?  :P
Oxfordian Theory::;)
Abraar34::based on shaq's explainment, i understand what he meant, he just chose the wrong wording.  i agree with what he meant...  lebron and wade are PLAYMAKERS and can effeciently lead their teams, even with scrubs to a decent record n into the playoffs.  bosh in 8 years prior miami, has been there once and won a series ZERO times.  ..so i get what he was saying, he just chose the wrong words.
Los P.E.P.E.S::yup joke is on Shaq trying to turn a h.o.e. into a housewife(Hoopz) lol..
Maverick_Carter::Fun Fact: Lakers and Laker fans are huge jokes
nba is the worst::What does that make a Bulls fan impersonating a heat fan?
nivek97034::It's nice to see "the little one" lead the team.  I agree.  I think Miami has a winning formula working here.  Let's roll with it til just AFTER you play Portland! Ha!
nivek97034::English?  Or, how you say? Eeeengliiiish? Whatever dude. Try using more keys on the keyboard.  Sheesh.  (aka: sheeeeeeeeeesh)
Abraar34::that hurt my feelings. ;(
Taphawn::I hope this formula takes them to a championship or due to the new salary cap next year they might trade one of the two. they are trying to figure that out on the low.
Abraar34::imma so scurrrd of portland mama.
Taphawn::looking at the lakers last night really trip me out they arent the best in the west anymore . even thou they got 7 footer they arent a threat anymore . they dont have big men like the older days. them were the real beast , these guys are really soft .
Abraar34::altho they have bynum and gasol, youd expect them to be.... well tougher than how theyve shown.. guess not.
sirmacalot2::Gasoft.
peezyfreshbaby57::LeBron and Wade should sit the game against the Nets for sure
antistratfordian::I think LeBron is fine.  No reason for him to sit.  He was dancing last night.  He warmed up last night.  Sitting him out was a precautionary measure.
Eternal_Sage::MIAMI!! MIAMI!!
LocalizedMiami::Does anyone know if Bron/Wade are playing against the Nets?Does it matter?
Los P.E.P.E.S::Heat have enough to beat Nets without Wade or Bron.. they should rest and get those lingering injuries better.
Abraar34::lol dont jinx us.. i dont want deron to magically turn around his season starting against us..
antistratfordian::I'm 100% certain that LeBron will play for his boy JayZeezy
_Purple_Drank_::I think Bosh should get the rest and they should play  Thoughts?
Abraar34::trust me 63, i appreciate our raptor.
Los P.E.P.E.S::I agree but I've always appreciated him from the get.. He is a big part of this team.
63espn1234::I am glad for this opportunity for Bosh to show people how good he is. He has been overshadowed by Bron and Wade. Miami fans should appreciate Bosh more.
63espn1234::I doubt it matters. The Bosh Beast will rule.
nivek97034::Yeah... He's a man on fire...
Eternal_Sage::they should rest em
LarsUgriccho::The Hawks should just retire.
Abraar34::.. i hope u know the hawks isnt a player.. its a team.. u cant retire a team.. u can disband it..
JamalMAllen::haha
Abraar34::i was just joking.. sheesh.
LarsUgriccho::Or you can be smart enough to intuit that I was speaking pluralistically, meaning the entire team's roster should just retire. Like when you say, "The Hawks need to rebound more" or "The Hawks are getting sloppy."
Los P.E.P.E.S::when Miller comes back he better impress because that's 6 million+ of the salary cap and he's healthy now I suppose.. It's getting old watching 6 million dollars on the bench doing nothing..
Los P.E.P.E.S::exactly no excuse and he better show up. He's got potential but needs to show it.
Abraar34::as long as his hands are healed, there shouldnt be ANY excuse at all for him.
