5ammy5ammy5ammy::Lakers' season is <sub>going</sub> down
242 vincent::I HOPE KOLBE NEVER PLAYS AGIN
KillaKantheMan::The Clippers better not hang a banner. Not in that building. The building doesnt have room for 54 more banners. Yes 23 division amd 31 conference
ZinBayArea::Kobe gets fouled once and takes 14 FTs. Story of his life.
Scarlet.And.Orange::First division win in history? WTF. Doesnt make me feel too bad being a Cavs fan.
Lucky7Adam::FYI... you don't get a ring for the Division Championship and I agree with Blake Griffin that it would be laughable if they decide to put a division championship banner up at Staples.
JoeClipplet::Blake Griffin never said it was laughable... He simply just doesn't want it up, other teammates don't share his opinion.  Don't make S up
ZinBayArea::They really shouldn't hang division banners, or blatantly fake ones--like the 2002 and 2010 banners.
scooter10978::ohhhh hahaha fakers, havent heard that before, get some creativity if thats all you have to contribute to a message baord
Emil4617::they could pretend that div. champ is for the fakers..
D4eden::The loss is easily summarized as:  36-50 Rebounds (LAL-LAC) 10-16 OREB  Dwight Howard leads the league in rebounds and totaled 4!   Unacceptable.
quiquiri2214::The problem for Laker is because it is kobes team. If they win, it is because of Kobe, if they lost, it is because other players donot play or shoot well. The facts to kill them is their system, they put too much to Kobe, just lke a 1 man team, how can you win with 1man. He kept shooting and kept missing I just hate to see this kind of game.
Southern Rodent::Does anyone else EVER shoot the ball for the Lakers, other than Kobe? Ball hog extraordinaire.
Vanquish78::Not possible.
Lucky7Adam::5× NBA champion / 2× NBA Finals MVP / NBA Most Valuable Player  15× NBA All-Star / 4× NBA All-Star Game MVP / 2× NBA scoring champion 10× All-NBA First Team / 9× NBA All-Defensive First Team extraordinaire.  More accolades than all of the Clippers' players put together since inception 40+ years ago... of course, he's been called a ball hog since before high school... I'm guessing it's worked out well for him.
Vanquish78::Oh stop it, it's over. Kobe has the ability to hit those amazing shots from time to time, but his overall game over the course of 48 mins is down.  He's getting older, doesn't have the supporting cast he used to have, and maintain a "team" envoirnment in the locker room.  Best days are gone for Kobe.
D4eden::He had 19 shots. That is exactly where he should be [18-23] and his shots per minute was only approximately 0.04.   Shot distribution was a bright spot for the Lakers this game.
njames1023::Congrats to the Cliippers and their fans for winning the Division and sweeping the Lakers.  Well earned but before we start saying the Clippers are the better LA team this needs to happen more than once.  This season the Clippers are the far better team with a shot to win it all.
Seskatchewan::Congrats to true Clipper fans. They deserve the fun!
Go Laker Nation::Took the Clippers long enough lol
spookysnakys::$100 million, no bench, no playoffs.
ucangetthebozackagain2::"6-19 is a great game; he had 25" - Kobe Bryant Athletic Supporters
espn straight flexin::Kobe had 25pts, 7rbs, and 10 asts..  He should have had at least 15 assists... but KNOWBODY could knock down an open shot. Kobe missed some shots as well, but the man has only missed 6 minutes the past 4 games...Unbelievable for his age. D12 had 4 rebounds...4 REBOUNDS!!!! He has no heart what so ever. Its sad to see a 34 year old 17 year veteran play harder than a prime, All star Center.   Im gonna leave it with this.... If every. person on this Laker team played with the same intensity and heart that Kobe does... we wouldn't have to be worrying about the Jazz right now. Just my opinion.
Go Laker Nation::Dwight is pretty much a bum....same with Nash  I truthfully never wanted either of them on the Lakers, but obviouslt thought the team woudl perform much better than they have.
youknowwh0::Kobe was 6/19, enough said.
Mambaholic 33::Always, always someone else!!! LMAO....Leaders lead! Gunners Shoot! Mr Ball Hog at his Best!   --Kobrick System
Vanquish78::In 47 mins. lol
njames1023::You expect him to go 19/19 when everyone on the Clips knows he's going to shoot?  His team didn't step up around him so he shot, did he shoot well? no.  But lets see you shoot well with just one NBA defender in your face let alone two or three.
5tickMan::I tuned in to watch the end of the game and the Clippers beat the Ref's and the Lakers.  I couldn't believe Kobe shooting 3 free throws for his two point attempt.  The calls Kobe/Lakers were getting were unreal...
Emil4617::You got to wonder when the nba and faker fans realize they cannot win with that expensive roster,I mean it clearly shows they are mediocre or just barely average. The record shows it come on.
LeBron Drinks GOAT Milk::Tim Duncan is 36 years old and he doesn't whine and cry like Kobe about being old. Timmy just works hard for his paycheck.
scottpilgrim35::"I suck" - Kobe before all star break  "I still suck" - Kobe today
Resident_Guido::Kobe is a joke -- and is clearly on HGH... still he can't lead a team with the two best big men in the game to the playoffs?  all these years it was Phil who won these championships. Kobe is nothing without Phil.
Resident_Guido::Pau is always referred to as "the most skilled big man in the league" and we all know Dwight is the best Center in the league.
RAZOR1906::There is not a great real big man in the league now.  Tim Duncan was but he has gotten old.
smithy639::HankofButter..................lame kobrick cryant slurper gutted that kobe has been shown for the over rated piece of cack that he really is this season!!! Gets more help with howard and nash and goes worst....9th in the west with 3 all stars?Biggest joke in nba history!! LMFAO!!!
RAZOR1906::HunkofButter - MJ played in the WEAK 90s ---------------------------------- This has to be a joke.........You had the best big men in the game... and the most of the best 100 players in the nba.  There are no great big men in the game today.
RAZOR1906::Plus you had to play defense there was no zone help defense.
smithy639::MJ in 3 seasons from 1996 to 1998 lost only 43 games  Kobe this season with gasol howard and nash have already lost 37!!! LMFAO!!!
RAZOR1906::That's the reason you should never talk noise until you do something.   Didn't the Lakers lose 9 games in the first few weeks?
HunkofButter::MJ played in the WEAK 90s
smithy639::LMFAO!!!!weak 90's?PMSFL!!!!!!!! Get the f..l outta here you PATHETIC kobrick SLURPER!!!
RAZOR1906::It would have been 8 in a row if MJ had not left to play baseball for a season in a half.
RAZOR1906::Be a long time before any team duplicates that.
RAZOR1906::I don't like the Lakers either but you can't compare any team to the Bulls with MJ and Pippen.......That's 6 rings.
smithy639::LMFAO shut up u silly tool!!!before the season fakers and metta said that they would beat mj record and go 73-9!!!! That they are 40-37 is hillarious and goes to show you shite koberick really is with help!!!
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Gratz clips, nice game and good season.
smithy639::Steven A Smith....................................please dont DARE mention kobe in the same sentence as MJ ever again as that is just ridiculous!!! LMFAO!!!
oblique15::He really said that?
MontelGolfer::kobe without shaq- === 3 less championships, plus he shoots way too many outside shots now, he was great when driving to the hole, and now he if he did,  would get knocked down or challenged, like he will if he would make playoffs, he would get hurt
MontelGolfer::if ebanks knew how to play before coming to lakers, he probably has forgotten too by now, if he had any skills they have bound to have to have completely eroded away
MontelGolfer::first move dantoni should make after warmups, is tell ebanks, nash, morris, duhon, &amp; sacre is , keep warm up suits on , and go back to lockerroom and watch from there, because your not playing, just get it over with from the start
MontelGolfer::next year mtichblowtorchface kupchak will petition league to reduce team rosters to 8 players so lakers can gain a competitive advantage of make it more fair
MontelGolfer::wnba teams  have better bench players than the LAKERS
I am typing this from my work computer::<b>So what team will Dwight be on next year? Because if it was the Lakers, he would have signed by now.<b></b></b>
hillybilly460::Dwight said he took a bunch of nobodies to the finals that year!!    LOL    If I was Jameer Nelson, I would PUNCH Dwight...............
MontelGolfer::lakers should draft griner to sit on bench with other never play- look like a stooge players bench warmers, ebanks, duhon, sacre, morris, and she probably can give the no production minutes pass ball around that meeks and clark an blake give night after night
MontelGolfer::they probably could slip her in this season on the bench, dantoni would never know, he never gets pass the 7th man or woman
Return of Mystik-eye::Over? Did U say its Over for the Lakers? Its Never Over!!!!!! Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor?
Botticelli23::LOL what a moron!. Germans bombed Pearl Harbor or Japanese!!! Typical Faker Fan.
cantshootstraight::Apparently you didn't see Animal House.  His "Germans bombed Pearl Harbor" is a reference to that.  It's a joke.
PO3_Cab::lol nice
Curmudgeon63::Now we could do it with conventional weapons that could take years and cost millions of lives. No, I think we have to go all out. I think that this situation absolutely requires a really futile and stupid gesture be done on somebody's part.
MontelGolfer::Playing 7 players night in night out, and wearing down old Players is no concern to Dantoni, he said has wasn't worried about it in interview this morning, He really doesn't care one way or another if he wins or not, he knows his fate is sealed with this team and can always say when looking back 10 years from now retired- I was coach of LA Lakers one time, and when he becomes an announcer- Former Lakers/knicks Coach- never won anything coach
smithy639::LOL Slurpers before the season would have NEVER imagined that the lakers season hanged on the final 5 games of the season to make 8th seed or go fishing!!! LOL
smithy639::Heat young and healthy Clippers young and healthy Knicks young and healthy Pacers young and healthy Thunder young and healthy Lakers old and pathetic!!! LOL
FuriousEsq.::Knicks young and healthy??????
FuriousEsq.::Why would I cry? I don't care about Kobe or the Knicks.  But the Knicks are neither healthy nor young.
smithy639::Knicks on a 12 game win streak more than kobe ever had his entire career!! Go and cry!!! LOL
NCOKOH90Thunder::Either way this franchise is in shambles, Kobe is getting older and u have no lottery picks to get good players to replace him, face the facts ur going to have to blow a few seasons or more to get some talent or buy them as u do so well.....not
FuriousEsq.::Lakers' lack of athleticism is just glaring. They looked so old and slow yesterday.
MontelGolfer::why do you have that goofy logo out beside your id name
el_dude00::Thankfully the hired a coach who likes to run and gun.
smithy639::Lebron james missed last 4 games yet heat have a 60-16 record number 1 seed Kobrick cryant loses 4 more games and its all over!!! LMFAO!!!
hillybilly460::Could Brittney Griner save the Lakers??
SultanOfSludge211::Yes. Kobe needs another dominant big man to bail him out.
smithy639::Lebron james 27 game win streak..................................Kobrick Cryants longest win streak..............11 LMFAO!!!
PO3_Cab::Laker fans still resorting to the past???? LOL, lets talk about their future and the many disappointments to come.
HornsPhinsHeat631::Just curious. How many rings do Kevin Durant, Carmelo Anthony, Chris Paul, Dwight Howard, and Derrick Rose have combined?
Kevin Durant still uses Leapfrog learning tables::do wedding rings count?
Chris Dorner::6 Wedding Rings i think
HornsPhinsHeat631::Wedding Rings don't count when you have Love Children floating around. Paul is probably the only one who doesn't have child support payments to make in multiple states. Lol
Kevin Durant still uses Leapfrog learning tables::Lakers should be underdogs to the Hornets at home
5ammy5ammy5ammy::Hey, Laker-heads: please post links to all the professional basketball analysts who are saying the Lakers have a real shot at the title this season. I'll wait patiently.
Kobe Bryant is a Faggot::<b>John Ireland still thinks they're winning it all.... LMAO</b>
rondo2KG::LMAO good name
WonderlicQBR::Kobe should have passed the ball earlier in the season...
Chris Dorner::Shaq's $@% is real tasty  -Kobe
WonderlicQBR::Lakers have no IDENTITY...they are not going anywhere, even if they make the playoffs....
Kobe Bryant is a Faggot::<b>"Yo, check it, you know how I be.... last week, Kobe couldn't get the 8th seed..."  - Shaq</b>
Chris Dorner::Randy Pfund &gt; Mike Antoni
smithy639::Poor Kobe Slurpers.....even magic has said the lakers are a DISGRACE!!!!!!!one of your own even admits the lakers are shite i suggest you wake up to!!! LOL
