aebner44::fjgf
aebner44::3,000 Conversation
Kevin -Django Unchained- Durant::<span style="">hello</span>
Kevin -Django Unchained- Durant::<span style="">Text you want to be red</span>
Kevin -Django Unchained- Durant::<b> lebron <b></b></b>
Kevin -Django Unchained- Durant::(b) jh (b)
Kevin -Django Unchained- Durant::[B] s
Kevin -Django Unchained- Durant::[b] lebron [b]
diehardnr1::That was brutal...but still encouraging that DEN 2nd and 3rd string played even with Tor 1st and 2nd team. Plus it got the end of the bench some much needed meaningful minutes.  Once again DEN had the ball with the chance to win, with enough ticks to make a play, and blow it. smh  MUST win tonight to avoid throwing away all the positives garnered during the home stand. Hoping DEN can get some players back...especially Iggy and Chandler...the D is  much weaker without them in the lineup. Gallos points are sorely missed as well.  Good to see Fournier get some minutes...just wish he would shoot more.  JHam needs to pass more...and AnRand needs to stop trying to handle the ball and just stop and look for a pass ANY time  he gets it.  GG Toronto...Gay was a huge pick up and once again he helped the Grizz one up the Nuggs.  Fields killed DEN in 3rd and number 5 killed them in the 4th.  Nice effort and just wish we had another shot with our starters back.  GO NUGGETS!!!
Dablues37d::Lmao
Bradys Uggs::Grizzlies still made the mistake of letting Rudy go imo
Grindhouse2413::nope, we are good
jfranchiz::You say that now, but he is a legitimate big-time scorer and it is well known the only reason you let him go is that you couldn't afford him.  His departure definitely doesn't help the team this year.
charlie hustle bets the over::Favorite part of the night: derozan absolutely abusing mozzy  Good game raps.  Not sure what gk and brewer were expecting in that last raptor possession.  Pretty clear rudy wanted to go baseline.  derozan, ross, lucas and now gay.  things are looking up for next year.
Neonridr::Great effort by the Raps and another clutch shot by Rudy Gay.  It's crazy to think of what our record would be if we had him from the start of the season.  Even just adding him has done a lot to Toronto's confidence and it shows in their plays.  It's a shame they are so far in the hole, as they would need a ridiculous 2nd half to even think about sneaking in as a 7th or 8th seed.  Not saying it's impossible, but unlikely.  10 of the Raps 32 losses have been by 5 points or less, so the team has been hanging around, just could never close out games or coughed up leads late.  That's where Rudy Gay figures in as he seems to have ice in his veins when it comes to making a big shot late in the game.  Great game for both teams, Denver never gave up even when Toronto was up big early in the game.  It was a battle all through the 2nd half.  Keep it rolling Raps!
doof54::Thanks Rudy. Purreciate it.   - The Grizz
charlie hustle bets the over::You pulling for the nuggets' opponents is a lost cause.  nuggs will be 4 seed or higher.  Sorry
charlie hustle bets the over::i very seldom make predictions, but i'm tellin ya, man.  nuggs will grab a higher seed from the grizz, whether that be 4th or 3rd.  it's written in the stars
doof54::Grizzlies sitting in fourth place right now. A full game plus percentage points ahead of the Nuggets. 2.5 games above GS.   - Sorry to be the BEAR of bad news.
JPP...SMASH::lol it's so funny because this was one of the things that I, and I'm sure plenty others picked up on about Rudy Gay.  HE HITS CLUTCH SHOTS. 6'8 wingman with a good offensive game, solid defender, clutch only 26 or whatever I forget. Don't know why they felt they need to trade him now......but congrats Toronto got yourself a really good player
thatguy71111::Started betting with a system called Sportsbettingstar now for a couple of months. I found this on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. Since I started I have made around $3,000 a month just following it. Ive tried a few systems in the past and nothing compares to how well this one does.
thechad95::Anyone buying the Raptors to get the 8th spot and get swept by the Heat? Not trying to sound like a trash talker. It's a legit question.
doof54::I hope they get into the playoffs, so the oklahomers don't get a lottery pick with the pick the Raps gave them.
i got benched due to a concussion::when i watch a game nothing good happens, when im gone something good happens
I Am Still LOLing At The Broncos And Their Fans::Good job Toronto fans. Rudy Gay is looking like a good deal. Very clutch, unlike Peyton Manning.
jayeteee::I Am Still LOLing At The Broncos And Their Fans  Translation:  I Am So Butt Hurt I Think I'll Troll Denver Fans
paulleena64::Peyton had a good run at Denver.
washheightsboy3::I think you are thinking of Raheem Moore
thatguy71111::Started betting with a system called Sportsbettingstar now for a couple of months. I found this on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. Since I started I have made around $3,000 a month just following it. Ive tried a few systems in the past and nothing compares to how well this one does.
Genghis Kittah::Blowbe shot 1-8 tonight with 4 points :D
spiff582::Rudy gay man... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3SdSbkTUjs
paulleena64::If the Nuggets had Rudy Gay from the beg, they would be easily in the playoffs.
bills4XAFC::If the Nuggets got another 2 pt. field goal they would have won...that pretty stinky.
jfentsbaby::If DeRozan's dunk was Blake Griffin it would be the number 1 play for a month
Devinhuelsmann::jfentsbaby - If DeRozan's dunk was Blake Griffin it would be the number 1 play for a month  year*
johnholmes6969::Memphis beat all yalls $@%
Genghis Kittah::We beat them twice already.....
LeftBaseline::The biggets problem is Turnovers with this Nuggets team. You can win the points in the paint as much as you want but if you give up the rock and the other guy scores. Its essentially a 4 point swing for the other guys.
Hlee196::Exactly that shows you how the spurs are elite n we are the same old crappy team. Win 5 loss 4 etc... Gosh nuggets players need to get their head out of their nuts.
LeftBaseline::What is alarming to me is that Pop sits his big 3 all the time and gives his back ups burn during the season. That game last night versus the Bulls and Spurs was prime example of how a team should play. All the guys were accountable and they know there role. This Nuggets team may have some diva in them with Dre, JaVale and Wilson. It may start to become a soap opera here soon with GK and playing time.
Hlee196::We need to put teams away when we have the chance. This team have no idea how to do that? We built a ten points lead n then give it all back in a blink... Damn when are we going to play like the game against Chicago... Pedal to the metal. Stop all this excuses crap coming from coaches n players.
Hlee196::In this nuggets I don't trust... Why are we losing to team like the Raptors. This should be the time when we beat this type of team. OKC, GS,Por, is losing damn it nuggets.
Hlee196::Just hate seeing the same old results game after game that's all...  I know we were without our top three players but we have good chances of beating the raptors tonight n we didn't get the job done. Hard for me to swallow. :(
LeftBaseline::Nuggets gave up 30 points off TO's vs the Nuggets 17 points of TO's. They lost by 1 point. SMH
Genghis Kittah::Obviously when we get really deep on our bench they have no experience cuz Karl doesnt play them...I wouldnt expect Randolph, Hamilton and Fournier to play good they never see the floor.
LeftBaseline::Genghis Kittah - It was the backups....Im just not letting this loss get me in a hissy...ty played great and we scored 108 but the other players dont have experience it happens,.  The Spurs beat the Bulls last night by 14 without Manu, Parker, and Duncan. Not an excuse. Spurs had 8 TO's and Bulls had 20 TO's. Playing backups...Its always next man up in Pro Sports.
Genghis Kittah::It was the backups....Im just not letting this loss get me in a hissy...ty played great and we scored 108 but the other players dont have experience it happens,.
Hlee196::Contender team needs to win games like tonight... I hate the always excuses from our team everytime we loss. Losing tomorrow and we are almost back to the 6 seed...  :(
Genghis Kittah::It was just one of those games...if we got deep in the playoffs and had a series without 3 of of our top players wed get swept by any team...If gallo and Iggy play tomorrow I think we get the win with them not having Deron
Genghis Kittah::I dont think you can look to much into this loss...lost by one without Gallo, Iggy and Chandler.
charlie hustle bets the over::and javale in the 2nd half. losses always suck, but there's not a lot of sting to this one.
Alex47666::if the lakers can beat the nets with deron   we can beat them without hopefully were healthy
etlord1::Call me crazy, but this was the most exciting Nuggets game to watch.  Even with their worst players, they can compete even though they beat a mediocre team.
etlord1::*lost to  typo
Thedevil25::Dear Denver  Anyway you can sit these guys again.  Would be helping us out a lot  Sincerely  Brooklyn Net fan
Almost Not A Virgin ESPN Edition::In all seriousness Raptors need to trade for Arron Afflalo. They badly need some 3 point shooting out there and they won't get it from DeRozan.
Spleefay::We got Rudy,lawrie,Terrence,Andrea,Anderson, and even Lucas. I think we pretty good at 3pnt shooting. What we really need is a PF. Any chance Memphis gives us Ed Davis back for Andrea
Almost Not A Virgin ESPN Edition::Raptors go on a 14 game win streak and make the playoffs
emthomasjr::&amp;#^$ing Rudy Gay, man!!!
paulleena64::Speak in English!
paulleena64::Wow!  Nuggets lose to Raptors.
jfranchiz::Like!
Hlee196::dislike
IDLQQK2 HAA::Rudy Gay  nice trade Brian its about time
.Pumbaa.::cmon nuggs
shufelt::Between the Leafs and Raptors, there's just too much winning going on lately in Toronto.  It's gotta' end soon.
rapfan73::$@%!
TheBronx303::Missed the game, but sux to see that the Nuggs lost..
charlie hustle bets the over::no iggy, chandler, gallo, or javale in the 2nd half. It happens.  Raps shot lights out from 3; they deserve the W.
Grindhouse2413::BWahahahahahahahah! Prediction: Denver will lose to Brooklyn too. TERRIBLE road teams dont get too far in the playoffs! Thanks Rudy!
gocaliforniabears::The headline on the main page just didn't sound right.
__SPURS21::30 games left, 6 games behind the Bucks playoffs is close, can't screw up close games like what almost happened today
Lugene Parker::Got much love for the Nuggets, until you guys play the Grizz! Shout out to Rudy Gay!  Trades working out for both teams!  Way to give us a buffer for the 4 seed!
King_Melo_7::So Mozgov is on Worldstarhiphop, Sportscenter top 10, Shaqs top 10, and Highlight express LMFAO!!!   East &gt;&gt;&gt; West
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::lol you crazy boi.. West &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; east
Tkw2008::Tuff stretch for the Nuggets again, 4 road games in 5 days, lets get the win tomorrow!
jayeteee::Hope we can steal one tomorrow night 'cause that's more than likely what it's going to take against a much better team. I'm out for awhile. Go Nuggets!!!!!!
broncoroxnug::I just hope if geoge karl gets the blame for the losses from you guys that he gets AN ENORMOUS amount of credit for the wins from you guys.
jayeteee::@broncoroxnug,     I resemble that remark.
Flash Barrett::First Melo was cancer, it was all his fault and Karl was a great coach now its all Karl's fault... Wonder when Karl's gone who will they blame next....and Its funny they keep talkin about if Iggy played the Nuggets would've won but in the beginning of the season when Denver was struggling I use to read their boards and all the fans wanted Iggy gone and said he was garbage
Patreeky::I will agree that George is forced to play the scapegoat somewhat more often than he is the actual problem, though as head coach thats kind of his job.
Patreeky::He gets the credit hes due. If he had a Mcgee-Faried-Gallo-Iggy-Ty lineup in with the game on the line and drew up a good play in a close game (not this game obviously), I would run up and kiss him on the mouth. Thankfully, that will never happen.
broncoroxnug::it wont happen because it wont WIN GAMES . Mcgee falls for every pump fake pathetically and faried goes for rebounds and gets burned by the extra pass over and over again(stats also back me up on that by the way and so does eye test) when mcgee becomes more disciplined he will get to start.
jayeteee::Oooooh, he is so ugly.
gotigersmemphis87::Thanks Rudy. Still helping out Memphis. Thanks for beating Denver
bluedevils1148::With Dre the Nuggets woulda won easily. No way they give up 109, and no way DeRozan woulda scored 22.
jfranchiz::Iggy is over rated!
Flash Barrett::No way they score 109? Dude the Nuggets on average give up over 100 points...its not like they are a good defensive team
gary wheatley::makes you wonder what the outcome would have been if we had our full squad
GoTigers2015::Damn, Rudy has been clutch for the Raptors, ugh Memphis has yet to have a game down to the wire where they need a game-winner, but when they do, it'll be tough
jayeteee::Here's my take, love it or leave it:  We have a lot of talent on out team and Karl continues to play 8, sometimes 9 deep. A good coach gets everybody involved. Work players in when we're up. Give a guy some time off when it's obviously not his night, and try another player. Karl gets stuck on certain players and avoids other players that could contribute, that's where I have a problem w/ his coaching. When nights like this come up, the team is ill prepared to take over for the fallen starters. That's all coaching. And yes we sometimes come out of a time out on top, but not very often. We had an opportunity these last two games to make a statement and we fell flat. Well coached teams have a killer instinct, we're where we are mostly based on talent alone, nothing else.
gary wheatley::now I wonder Jay how long McGee will be out.  hope we get a couple back tomorrow at least.  ey say Gt cause of a sinus infection.  If true they are no fun and painfull
jayeteee::Hopefully he's been on ant-biotics the last day or two, they should've kicked in by now.
broncoroxnug::ill prepared? They lost by 1 point tonight because faried cant box out and get a rebound .
jayeteee::I realize that, broncoroxnug, but players need to feel like part of the team, and a coach is responsible for keeping everyone involved in some capacity or the other.
broncoroxnug::jayeteee - I thought there was a foul on the pick, but it would've had to be more blatant to get the call. The point is, the subs are not prepared for situations like this, and I hold Karl responsible. If he's going to get credit for all the wins, he deserves credit for the losses as well.  yes thats why they are BENCH PLAYERS . Every teams has guys at the bottom of the bench who dont normally play .Randolph played great tonight except for the last play. Its the players job to keep themselves ready when their number is called .Thats what they get paid to do .Not everybody gets to play every game
jayeteee::I thought there was a foul on the pick, but it would've had to be more blatant to get the call. The point is, the subs are not prepared for situations like this, and I hold Karl responsible. If he's going to get credit for all the wins, he deserves credit for the losses as well.
broncoroxnug::jayeteee - Did you see the beginning of the game? It was helter skelter out there. Sure they settled in, but in the end we lost. That last play was so vanilla I have a craving for ice cream right now.  so vanilla? if randolph sets a better screen ty gets a 4 footer and wins the game. He still got a really good look.
Patreeky::To be fair, that play would have worked better if they hadnt fumbled around with the handoff. Though even if all had gone right that wasnt exactly reaching deep into the playbook.
gary wheatley::because they let the Raptors hit 7 of 10 3 pointers in the 4th qtr
jayeteee::Did you see the beginning of the game? It was helter skelter out there. Sure they settled in, but in the end we lost. That last play was so vanilla I have a craving for ice cream right now.
