Chelo Mejias::Life long Laker hater here, but gee whiz....this is brutal to watch
Tim Matchie::This is like the team they had after magic retired
Jay Rh::Pretty close, if they were going by all of Love's points vs all Lakers
Jody George Prats::lol
Jody George Prats::Lakers are lucky Kobe isn't playing or it would be much worse.
Eric Olson::Here come the torrent of Lakers fans that think they will actually have Love on their team in the future. Reality Check: Nobody wants to go to an aging team with no prospects for the future. The Dwight Howard saga was a warning to basically any FA that might consider LA.
Scott Carter::Earl Clark bolting LA for the beautiful paradise Cleveland is another indicator
Mike Dixon::Yeah, Lakers will be hard-pressed to find another player of Clark's talent....
Josh Roper::Love will be a Laker if Mitch and Jim want him to be.
Igor Yank::did minnesota just 47 in 1 quarter?
Arqenii's Fernández::YES
Vontravius Williams::Your hairline is on Lebron status bruh
Steve Blesson::Vontravius Williams it's always about LeBron, huh? :-)
Johnny Hoffman::Wolves > Lakers tonight.
Arif Khwaja::Perhaps it is time for Steve Nash to start listening to his body and retire.   He does not need to prove his greatness to anyone.  His stats speak for itself.
James Garcia::Agreed.
Jody George Prats::lol.........Lakers might give up 150
Justin Jenkins::This one will be a close one  Lakers: 127 Wolves: 56
Carly Halloran Chapman::That was really lame.  You're dead wrong Mr. Jenkins.  Our 10,000 lakes will be drowning you tomorrow evening.
Cory Timmerman::You're right.. LA will give the Tpups the worst loss in the HISTORY of the nba, and without Kobe. Great post.. please go.
Ivan Ruiz::PUT THE PIPE DOWN NIKKAH.
Julie Price::Going to be a long season for LAL. There's like 9-10 teams better than them in the West alone.
Jason Martin::And they beat two of them already, the Rockets and the Clippers.
Julie Price::Is time for the Lakers fans to throw things on the court?
Jack Mulkey::Wolves 125 Lakers 89
William Cutting::common sense 1 you 0
Cory Timmerman::^^ what Cutting said. This will be a 10 pt game..  I'm taking my pups by 7, but who knows with LA coming off a pathetic loss against the terrible Pelicans.
Johnny Hoffman::Jack, looks like you made someone pissed.
Ad Sanders::So D'Antoni says he doesn't like the mid range jumper. Just lay ups and three's. So what do they do when a team takes away the inside. Oh Clank three's off the rim. Seeing D'Antoni on an everyday basis and seeing his game plan up close. Make sense that he never won anything.
Devon Hutton::If Jordan Hill guards Kevin Love he has a good chance of slowing him down to about 20 and 10, If pau guards him hes going for 40 and 20.
Matthew L Smith::dude, he has 6 and 5 after 5 minutes..this is going to be 30-20 night
Devin Baranick::Its going to be a 30-20 half
Dave Holden::I'm with Magic Johnson,  D'antoni is a Joke. Jim Buss needs to grow up.
Nic Dressen::What a great win for the wolves
Jordan Ho::and this is what happens when none of your players can play defense.
Nick Drakely::wtf?? lakers are a joke. love is gonna put up 50 tonight
Shawn Bento::Kevin Love >>>>>>>> Gasoft.
Stanley Foster::Am I the only person who understands why the Lakers are in their current state?  IT'S BECAUSE NO TEAM CAN STAY ON OR NEAR THE TOP FOREVER!!!!!! It's called time, everyone.  Sooner or later it catches up with all teams.  The Sac Kings used to be a powerhouse- ABOUT 10 YEARS AGO.  I can say the same about the Stoudamire/Nash Suns, the Big 3 Celtics, our Lakers - Weaker teams improve and eventually take over.  It's time for the Thunder, the Pacers, the Warriors, the Bulls, and maybe the Wolves to step up - People who expect the Lakers to always be on top are delusional.  I'm proud for the years they have given us-
Cameron Selmer::well said my friend. lakers friends are delusional though so good luck getting that through their heads!
Mark Hefti::How would that explain the Spurs??  Spurs are the Spurs because of coaching.  DiAntoni just isn't a very good coach in my opinion.
Mark Sabbas::and because of Duncan, Parker, and Ginobili
Rob Horton::Oh, And how do Wolves score 47 points in 1st Quarter?  Lakers are horrible...LOL!
David Bonzai Saldana-Montgomery::47 pts in the first quarter? Did the Lakers start 5 James Hardens on defense?
Samuel Fisher::After beating the Clippers, Lakers fans were talking Finals.
Julie Price::Blake Mamba leading the way for the Lakers.
Kenny Lenz::should let everybody but kobe go
Jody George Prats::Farmar is a major scrub
