starwheat::Can't wait until the Nets are tested under their new leadership. Not sure if this is a fluke or a sign of things to come.
Jubo699::This Knicks fan is very happy for NYC.
starwheat::The Dutch are the original New Yorkers!
Ucannotbesirius::Bingo!
Ucannotbesirius::Are you Dutch?
Ucannotbesirius::D Will needs to move over to shooting guard.  He does very little to distribute the ball and to get his teammates involved.  It appears the team is obligated to hand him the ball then watch him run up court to find his shot.  Evans does more to distribute the ball and get the bigs involved.  Lopez was a bit of a beast last night.  They need to get Marshon Brooks more shots.  He shows an up side.  Let's see if they make a move for Boston's Pierce?
vgt_::D-Will can play SG on Team USA with CP3 at the point.  On this team, he's the PG.
vgt_::You seem to think that the job of PG's is simply to facilitate and nothing more.  If D-Will can't score, there's no point in guarding him.  Also, if he finds his shot early, which he did in this game, it opens up the passing lanes to his teammates because help defenders are quicker to close out on him.  That's exactly what happened against the Magic -- he got his points early and was dishing out dimes the entire 2nd half.
Ucannotbesirius::Then he should play like one.  More than once I watched him dribble past nine players to find his shot.  What a gunner.  I'm a fan and want him to remain with the Nets.  There's no 'i' in team.
Porkchop8920::First you think that D-WIll should move to SG because you think he doesn't pass, then you wonder if they'll trade for Paul Pierce????? Idiotic statement
Ucannotbesirius::Aren't you presumptuous?  I never suggested trading D-Will.  My thinking is that any team needs at least three (3) bonafide scorers to go deep into the playoffs, if not to win it all.  Pierce would be in addition to D-Will.
capclip9::He had 9 dimes.
pshores1968::I've been following a system for betting lately called SportsbettingStar. In only two months time I have averaged $3,000 a month profit. I found this system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems.
cjbrown4587::Nets are so good that they have zero All-stars
uconn1511::because everyone really judges a team based on their all stars. In the NFL the cheifs had 6 all stars... the team won 2 games.
IPITYTH3F00L::Joe and Gerald are bums. I can't believe they're paying these fools that money. Do they even avg. 10pts/game?
vgt_::I don't know how true this is, but Bill Simmons said it -- Joe Johnson is the most reliable 2-guard in the league behind Kobe and D-Wade.  The huge contract that ATL gave him was undeserved, but don't blame the Nets for taking on that kind of money.  The Russian billionaire doesn't care about the luxury tax.  Also, JJ was a perennial All-Star whose trade to the Nets convinced D-Will to re-sign with the team in free agency.  If you wish the Nets never traded for JJ, then you must not like D-Will as a part of the team as well.
capclip9::Joe has three game winners first half of the season. How many guys are literally good for six wins? His contract distorts the fact that he's a tough matchup and solid scorer and defender. Nets are better for Joe. Wallace, not so much. He brings energy but he's so frantic it's hard to get any pace. Nets are actually better when he's not in the game.
kmoe332::especially Joe.. i mean if they were paying him half as much he would be doing alright for that amount
cjbrown4587::He does though.  The money they're getting paid for that production is highway robbery.
domcoiro::u have no idea wut ur tlkin about
MiamiHeatwaveLBJ4MVP::It's one thing to win against the bad teams, it's totally different when you blow them out. The Nets blow out the bad teams, that's a sign of a good team. It's not always who you beat, it's how you look beating them. The Nets had 20 turnovers and still won by 20. This could have been easily a 30+ point win.
Ron-Burgundy-Stay-Classy-3::D. Williams overrated
HeatManZE.....::times up!.....nets home streak will end on wed
RichardtheRabbit::We used to have champions now the NBA tries to breed them or shall I say one. Lebron was handed a title and will never be respected because he went to The Heat.
MiamiHeatwaveLBJ4MVP::Stop trolling.
whatsanoa::The next ten games will give us a good indication on how strong a team the nets are(or weak depending on your point of view). Games against: Heat, Bulls, Pacers, Grizz, Nuggets, Bucks x2, Spurs and Rockets.
JT0710::nets blow out the magic everyone look out , there one of the top teams now lmfao
jrtall3n7::Guy Who Can't Spell Disses Nets - Terrible Shame Felt by Team
mdtuzo::im wish mirza and brooks wouldve gotten more minutes in such a blowout win
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::JJ was 2-13 from the field, 1-8 from 3pt line......  But hey those 10 assist to 77 points &amp; 6 rebounds contributed! Who knows how much the Magic would have been beaten by if it wasn't for those 10 assist &amp; 6 rebounds  The 10 assist came about because the Nets defense forced him to pass the ball after he realized they weren't gona let him score. As for the 6 rebounds, that's designed by the Nets coaching. Its a normal occurrence on teams with elite bigs that box-out well. It forces the opposing teams guards to help rebound. PLUS HE PLAYED 38 FLIPPIN MINUTES!!!
Snitchy Cent::well, so much for a 2.5 lead,   orlando you suck....
whitesoxchamps168::Nets are looking like the team that will contend with heat in the playoffs. We will when they play each other coming up.
Super Bowl NFL 11-11-93::Hello, they just beat a Magic team that is AWFUL.
Nineduce12::There truly is NO HOPE for the ORL. Magic.
jbtitan100::yay the nets beat the magic, theyre the best ever
Idontcarewhatyouthink-2.0::...
PinedaGas::Deron looking like a top 3 point guard again.
Ucannotbesirius::He looks more like a shooting guard than point guard.
kmoe332::easy fella
Bookiebreaker48::IT IS VS THE MAGIC EASY THERE
meltzercool1::he had 28 and 11 in the game before that...
DBrownDrose::D.Rose&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;paul
Boyanime2K13::Holiday &gt; D-Will
meltzercool1::kmoe check the records for both teams...
brooklynnets7::no
kmoe332::this year. yes
Boyanime2K13::Chris Paul&gt;  D-Will
Bookiebreaker48::PLZ D-WILL IS A COACH KILLER PAUL IS A SAVIOUR
DBrownDrose::D-Rose&gt;D-Will
Boyanime2K13::Chris Paul&gt; D-Rose
Melchizedek99::Deron Williams &gt; Jennings
Bookiebreaker48::I SOO CONCUR
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::And just like that JJ disappears.   I keep telling you Magic fans JJ is limited Vs above average defensive teams. He's overpaid &amp; is a defensive liability.
chris johnson 558::he had 10 assist and 6 rebounds idiot he help the magic in other things
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::This just means the Nets forced our best scorer to pass the ball (77 total points) and the Nets also did an excellent job of boxing-out Orlando's bigs. This happens ALL the time with teams that are elite rebounders.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::You can't be serious.
Melchizedek99::Deron Williams is the best pg in the NBA
Bookiebreaker48::COKE IS ONE HELL OF A DRUG
Kemp476::Why oh why does Marshon Brooks not get more minutes? Such a waste of young talent.
J-Tjuan::ESPN doing its mind control schemes as always interviewing Deron trying to convince Stern that he deserves to replace Rondo.  If any Net goes, it should be Lopez.  If not, it clearly is Brandon Jennings.
Mets2410::Deron is way better and has been better than Jennings this year
J-Tjuan::Up to this point, Jennings has been the better pg.  That is all I am saying.  Deron is better, but Jennings have been better so far this year.  Deron and Johnson did not carry that team earlier this season, Lopez did.
Mets2410::Don't get me wrong I like Jennings he is a good PG, but Deron is better
Mets2410::Dude Jennings averages like 6 assists per game, shoots &lt;40% for his career, and is barely over 40% for the season. And Deron wasn't HORRIBLE at the beginning of the year. At his low point he was still averaging like 16 and 8, which aren't D-Will caliber numbers but still good numbers.
J-Tjuan::No he has not actually.  Only a blind Nets fan would say that he has been better THIS year.  Deron was horrible at the beginning of the year.  He has been good lately is an accurate statement.
Djay78924::The guy that replaces rondo better be a net
65tarheel::wow nets are terrific
Elton7323::orlando needs to trade turk and the whole starting lineup except harkless and vuc
Flingtheball::If the magic win the NBA title next year, this will happen: www .funnyordie. com/pictures/3ed4525f1e/thank-you-dick-cheney-you-f-n-$@%!$
Boyanime2K13::No Knicks Trolls ):
Super Bowl NFL 11-11-93::Nobody cares.  They would be all over the place if the Magic beat Brooklyn.  But the Magic suck way too much.
YinBallaz::You guys wanna wait for Jabari parker man. Trash next season too. Kid is gonna be the next big thing
AOLSH::I thought so too but he kinda sucking this year.  still probably will be #1 pick.  Also that dude Trey Burke has some CP3 in his game.  Mad nasty PG.
YinBallaz::Yeah I seen his game man. Draft class 2014 looks hype
gemstar828::magic lost on purpose to ensure the draft pick can anyone else see this fact....right?
caseyhall410::No.
trizzo23::magic 2 1/2 games from 1st overall pick...locking up a top 5....go magic !!
trizzo23::only 3 spots can jump and only 1 most of time...stern will help magic
caseyhall410::You never know with the lottery.
Mets2410::I think the worst you can do is drop 3. Like when the Nets had the worst record a few years back in the John Wall draft, the worst pick they could get was #4 and they ended up getting #3
iNeeroX::peace cya when we play the heat
iNeeroX::woot great win for awaiting the heat. strong play overall from everyone. cut down the turnovers tho. well peace nets fans and magic fans (not really)
tkeIcon::Good game, Magic fans, feel for you, but Jacque Vaughn is a very smart dude and a class act to boot, hopefully he'll stick around as you rebuild, I was surprised to see how many wins you guys have with that gutted roster, better days are ahead.
tkeIcon::That's ridiculous, he's doing the best anybody probably could in that situation. Don't know if you caught how at the end of the game PJ went up to him and showed him a ton of love, and PJ is a guy who barely registers approval of anybody.
caseyhall410::Very surprising to hear all the negative talk around Jacque from other Orlando people here. I love the guy too.
caseyhall410::Here, as in the city itself, not online.
chris johnson 558::thank you nets because this loss help us more to take the 1# pick in the draft
trizzo23::take that one also...wiggins
YinBallaz::You should wait til next year. Jabari parker mannn
brooklynnets7::Nets win!
gemstar828::well...there's allways next year for the magic to try and beat the mighty nets....right?
Flingtheball::The magic are going to win the NBA title next year... I am trying to be positive...
caseyhall410::Attempting to troll the Magic only makes you look bad. That's why we didn't even acknowledge your presence in the NBA the previous 5 years.
Crooklynism::Nets fans, get ready for a 3 game losing streak   : (
ckonas::and what is your favorite team, exactly?
Crooklynism::the Nets.  Just being realistic
BKNets123456::Good win
rayjayisle::this magic team is plain awful, nets can relate the last couple of years
159Yanks::Nets win
YinBallaz::Solid win for the nets. Hope the magic come through in the next year or two. Better than the heat anyways
Lone Wanderer .::ERIN ANDREWS IS THE HOTTEST MAN EVER
ckonas::lol
Flingtheball::(wo)man?
glitter thompson::nope, pretty sure she's packin a bigger johnson than mine under there
mike27_c@hotmail.com::magic though the game come on 12 pts in 12 mins its fixed they cost me 150 bucks.
mike27_c@hotmail.com::i picked the spread to keep under 10 pts was looking good till 4th qtr...fixed :) lol.
brooklynnets7::why would you bet on the Magic on the road without Afflalo against the Nets under P.J?
TheCronoMasterMind::Why do bettors still bet on the Magic this season?
PinedaGas::Deron with a great game overall.  Returning to form nicely.
Mets2410::nice win Nets good game Magic fans good luck for the rest of the season and with Vuc (I like that guy)
