Scott Crow::I know it is the other team in NY, but looking at the records, I can't help but think of the following:  Dear Joe Johnson,  Glad you're not here.  Merry Christmas,  Atlanta
Reeves Cox::Don't hate on Joe Johnson... He's like the only Net who has played well this entire year, even in the losses. :/ No reason to be a jerk.
Heightz Rubirosa::Joe Johnson is a good role player thsts bout it. He should get nate robinson money
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Melo is still a beast. And he will prove it over the second half of this season.
Marcus Grein::He proved it tonight, and really all season, 26 and 10 is beast
Heightz Rubirosa::From seeing melo this season. One thing I see. He is probably the only one that comes prepare. They say he dont make his teammates better, but real question.  What has his teammates done for them to b better? Pablo its a pro's pro. But hv tyson develop any offensive moves in 12 years in the nba? Has felton gotten better? Stat? Jr smith after his contract? Shump? Everyone needs to step it up. Ur as efficient as ur roster.
Ephraim Joel Manshari::Knicks should be watching Gilbert arenas plan to come Back and team him with melo...  Just a thought if you don't have cap space or first round picks In the immediate future
Shaun Mitts::giving a 10 day contract to arenas wouldnt hurt at all.
Lester Avellan::Going for the Hawks.
Shaun Mitts::Im not surprised. another Knick hater
Al Sotowitz::Shaun Mitts  I'm a Knicks fan hater.  The actual Knicks have been completely irrelevant for 40 years. The Knicks fans on the other hand are a completely delusional bunch that can't see the truth about their current situation.
Reeves Cox::Let's go HAWKS! Beat the Knicks! Do work tonight guys! Keep the momentum going from last night's win! Al Horford, the BOSS, is coming to work tonight in New York!
Tim Hurst::This gives the Hawks 5 losses to teams they should beat. 2 of those losses are to the CRAPPY Knickerbockers.
Ron Schaffer::The Knicks have talent...just need consistency.
Brian Jones::Very talented, just not at Basketball
Joshua Burns::Atlanta must be tired from last night
Carl D Hill::Both teams played last night....
Marcus Grein::Where dem Melo haters at??
Kevin Lynch::Knicks are gonna win this one
José Hyland::Melo is the only dude on this team who bangs the boards and boxes out. smh. Bargnani and Stoudimire are 6"11/7 feet tall and let guys 6"5-6"8 get rebounds over them.  You can't have a winning team when Melo is the best rebounder, Melo always been a solid rebounder but asking him to get 10 rebounds per game and average over 26 ppg all season long will break him down. Melo needs help. Basketball isn't 1 vs 5. Even Jordan had Pippen and Rodman.
Evander Smart::JR Smith (1-8 FG for 2 pts) reminding everyone how right I was about not giving him a 3 year deal.  Not mature enough to handle it. Some players you HAVE TO go year to year with.  JR Smith is one of those players.
James W. Ballantyne::Evander, you just so cool!!!
Sal Capito::i don't agree with everything you say but this was right on the money
Winchester Verchez::Shet, Knicks won. There mojo is back! Back to back championships yo!  -knicks fans.
Shaun Mitts::im mad, knicks won, so let me use an over-used joke to get likes.  - u.
James W. Ballantyne::7:00 minutes to go ..time for Carmelo ISO ball.....
Shaun Mitts::U mad bro? Carmelo single handedly killed the hawks in the 4th
James W. Ballantyne::Shaun Mitts i know. that's what i love.
Steven Rivera::Its time to fire Mr Potato Head
Richard Franco::1st (1) Facebook Elimination Tournament - Sponsored by Perez Franco Funeral Services www.perezfrancofuneralservices.com https://www.facebook.com/rbfakastorm/posts/10201244053448316   December 14, 2013 - 6:30pm Atlanta Hawks vs. New York Knicks http://espn.go.com/nba/preview?gameId=400489218 #16. Tammy Crawford-Morse - Atlanta Hawks #49. Rosie Rodriguez Sida - New York Knicks
Barry Card::they call him mello yellow they call him mello yellow good win and good game jr 2 pts again and started please give your pay check to chartity!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!joke!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
John Justiniano::Nicks need to start performed beter because is not one person who play all the game is a team I fill sorry for anthony because he tried to do all but need the team to start to play with more ofence and defense please nicks bring the power home
Marcleen Bavogui::WOW
Carl D Hill::I take it that English is your 4th language?
Keith Lawson::The Knicks have been playing well. Too bad they lost in BOS on FRI.  They seem more calm and settled in.  Keep feeding STAT, so far, no one has proven to be able to stop him yet.
Julie Allison Gomez::Yawnnnnnnnnnnnn........ Knicks won.  Only 9 games below .500. Wake me up when
Andrew Carter::Didn't know could post from the sports center app. Where does this show up?
Harry Perez::was JR smith tearing up because he got benched, dude got problem trade em
Vlad Kolesnikov::The turnovers hurt the hawks a lot, but I'm glad the knicks won the game.
Trent Conheady::How the Hawks only lost this game by 5 points is rather remarkable..
Jorry Senestant::they were up 15 with less than 2 minutes to go, then the bench came in.
