Caleb Hernday::So Pistons fans, do you hate Brandon Jennings yet?
Geoff Starling::Pretty much. He can't defend, I think his assists tend to come only when the game is up and down, he sucks in the half court, on both ends, at everything. Everything. I still see potential but after 5 yrs that potential is unlikely to ever be realized. He needs discipline so badly and shows no sign of ever getting it. Even his J drives me crazy, the extra jack knife and total unnecessary arm movement as he shoots probably costs him 100 bricks a season. Note he can only make difficult shots, so often when he gets a wide open one he looks uncomfortable and you can pretty much tally the brick before it happens. He should be so good at so many things but quite frankly he has no discipline to learn how to play intelligently and he's an idiot.
David McIntyre::i don't know who it is, but someone has to go. dumars, cheeks, Jennings, Monroe, josh smith. something is not working and I don't think the owner and going to sit back and watch much more of this.
Geoff Starling::This Pistons team has terrible leadership. It starts with Jennings and ends with Smith. The younger, better, players are queuing off the wrong people. Smith would be fine as a 3rd wheel, but he and Jennings have been thrust in a position of leadership and they are not good at it. They are guys who kind of just want to throw the ball up, put their talent on display and see what happens. They are not smart, disciplined players with great knowledge of the game. I worried about this before the season. This teams leadership is horrible and I dont know where they can get it from without Cheeks putting Smith at 6th man PF, benching Jennings(I mean when he plays bad) for his lackluster play and risk losing the lockerroom. Something drastic has to be done. Ultimately it will probably end in a trade, its too bad because you can almost guarantee the Pistons are not going to get equal talent in return. So I hope they get leadership and intensity instead.
Jake Gibbs::Make a frick'n free throw Drummond.  Drummond has been killing Detroit's chances in close games all year with his performance from the line.  Drummond never scores in the 4th.  With Jennings getting him easy buckets Drummond is nothing more than a Reggie Evans.
Randy Dixon::Detroit is complete garbage city in debt but these garbage players and coaches still getting a check lol Mo cheeks is easily one of the five worst coaches in the league with some of the biggest idiots in the NBA
Jake Gibbs::Of course the Pistons don't play in Detroit.  None of the players or coaches live in Detroit.  The owner doesn't live in Detroit.  Course you didn't know that and yet still ran your mouth.  The level of your idiocy surpasses all others.
Randy Dixon::Being a pistons fan nothing you will ever say in life matters
Scott Waldon::Smith and Jennings are killing this team with their constant throwing of bricks. This team is an embarrassment right now.
Ryan Lord::yeah those guy's are bad...shoot the lowest % and take the most shots
Jon Ripley::That's exactly correct. Add Will Bynum to that list.
Randy Ragsdale::The Grizzlies are not out of the Playoff hunt in the West. There's still a lot of games left. They can still make a run. I just hope everybody is aware of that.
MaLi Uner::Close game but Detroit seems to be the closer side to win this one
Brian Cites::closer side to SUCKING!
MaLi Uner::Seems that way. I was not expecting that.
Mark Hall Harris::Detroit SUCKS!!!!!
Isaac Simpson::LEGGO GRIZZ!!!
Geoff Starling::I'm less of a G. Monroe fan this year. But I still think he has ceiling left. The reason is I still think he's pressing and has a looming contract. He still rushes, and I think he can be a much better post scorer still when he gets more patience, and he's already a pretty solid one. His D has been bad, but I've not been any more impressed by J. Smiths or Drummonds. All of them seem to be late reacting and take plays off. Sure those two make big plays more often on D, but they often provide even less defense than Monroe when they dont.   I think the Pistons need to find a way to get a real SF in there for Smith. I'd still prefer to move Smith over Monroe. But if we could get K. Leonard, I'd do it for either. Pistons need some kind of defensive leadership and real perimeter play. Smith isnt it, he still struggles to help out in the half court, and Jennings isnt a good half court PG either, thats why they struggle so much when the game slows down.
Cory Nope::Word leaked that they were shopping Smith and Datome for Thad Young and Evan Turner.
Mark Mattson::the biggest problem with the interior D is jennings just letting guys blow right by him leaving the interior guys to try to guard two by themselves.
Cory Nope::Its funny reading the anti- Mo Cheeks comments from people who obviously do not understand the value in tanking to keep their first round pick. Its worth missing the playoffs this season- if it nets you a wing with the ability to score. Youtube Dario Saric or "Point-4". Perfect fit to play the 3.
Will Bernanke::as usual Maurice cheeks makes great halftime adjustments,   how many blown leads will it take to realize these collapses are on the coaching staff's lack of ability to make adjustments!
Joe Brooks::I disagree. When Mo was here in OKC as an assistant he had input into halftime adjustments that led to many second half comebacks. The only part that surprises me is that a Mo Cheeks team would just fold and call it quits in the second half. The problem looks more like player character than coaching. He doesn't go in at half and coach them on how to miss all their shots.
James Allen::Do not understand this ownership group.  Why trade Bayless for Lee high salary.  Now who's going to back up Mike. Do not think this ownership is trying to make any kind of playoff run.
Patrick Foote::Wow who is memphis backup 4 gonna be? They are invested in Ed Davis so what about Leuer? They should trade Leuer to the Rockets (I hope)
Randy Ragsdale::Well, Detroit has made their choice and squandered another lead. THE PISTONS DON'T GET IT. You can't play like this in the PLAYOFFS.
Andrew Wong::playoffs!?!? we're talkin about playoffs?!?!
Ruth Miller::3 of they're last 4 games have been blowouts.  They have droughts where they can't score. I question Cheeks coaching ability as well.
Randy Dixon::Just like I said the team is complete garbage....lead by complete idiots owned by complete dummies
Jake Gibbs::Brandon Jennings is a assist machine. No wonder the PIstons are scoring so much more than in past years.
Hayden Williams::And within 2 hours of the game. Seth Curry is gone. Jerryd Bayless has been traded.
Bashue Banks::Ha Ha (Millhouse Voice).... They still suck! #FoolsGold
Billy McBride::Ed Davis - 17pts 11 rebounds in 17 minutes....dude needs more minutes!!
Reginald Anthony Foster::Go Grizz..............I have faith in the front office
Mike Woolley::Grizzlies are trash... Detroit will be 8+ point winners easily
Randy Dixon::Detroit record is worse dummy
Mike Woolley::Randy Dixon There's only 4 teams above .500 in the east...
Brian Cites::mike woolley - HA HA HA!!!
Mike Woolley::Koufos.... stop shooting the ball.. you can't shoot!
