SRQisLegend::zero chance that the knicks win the championship this year
setrue::MElo scores 42 and Knicks lose.  MElo scores 12 and Knicks lose.   What does this indicate?  A team cannot win with a volume shooter when he is hot or cold.  Additionally, he does not play defense and is bad with assists.   He is a recipe for playoff failure as his record has proven.   I do not blame MElo, it is Dolan and Woodson who enablers to this farce they billed as "Win Now Championship Contender Team."  Boycott team and do not fill Dumb Dolan's pockets with any more of your money.
setrue::You are missing my point which is MElo shortcomings as a player and the Knicks .500 record since their hot start is a bad omen of another fail post season.  Additionally, does Melo's career playoff record of 17-37 (the worst of any player in the NBA in last 20 years) indicate anything to you as well?  So it is not only 2 games but Knick last  20 games and MElo career playoff record that makes my point.
inttruder::It doesn't really indicate much of anything except for that the team lost 2 in a row. This is the NBA, every team is going to win some games they shouldn't and drop some games they shouldn't. The Knicks were 32-16 before these 2 games. How can you throw these other 48 games out? I love how people pick out the tiniest sample set to try and make a point.
AIfan34::.
AIfan34::check it out knicks fans http://bballnews234.wordpress.com/
dayda77::It ain't Woodson, it's Dolan. KNICKS CEILING UNDER THIS IDIOT OWNER IS FIRST ROUND PLAYOFF EXIT. That is a FACT. This is a MEDIOCRE team. Their 18-5 start was FOOL's gold. When Defense takes over in the playoffs, the reliance on the 3 point shot will be their undoing. Oldest team in NBA history will be their undoing. Knicks just went 6-1-- but look how bad those teams were they beat. They are a .500 team the last 28 games or so. Get used to the fact that Melo will never be a part of a great team. Ball hog who doesn't play defense
World B. Xpensive::You have to feel sorry for people that paid to watch Melo, Amare and Gay combine to shoot 13 for 58.
jcsny::Stephen A Smith : 12 pts on 24 shots, melo is elite, he's also my valentine.
dayda77::It ain't Woodson, it's Dolan. KNICKS CEILING UNDER THIS IDIOT OWNER IS FIRST ROUND PLAYOFF EXIT. That is a FACT. This is a MEDIOCRE team. Their 18-5 start was FOOL's gold. When Defense takes over in the playoffs, the reliance on the 3 point shot will be their undoing. Oldest team in NBA history will be their undoing. Knicks just went 6-1-- but look how bad those teams were they beat. They are a .500 team the last 28 games or so. Get used to the fact that Melo will never be a part of a great team. Ball hog who doesn't play defense
setrue::"Every miss shots helps me to rehab my dead arm, the team win comes second."  --MElo
NYballer6969::Carmelo Anthony shot .426 in his last 10 games . .426 is below what the 29th best shooting team in the NBA shoots. Percentage points away from the worst shooting team the Bobcats! But yet Melo takes by far more shots then anyone else on the team ! Chants of MVP for him is quite laughable, probably coming from people who have a 4th grade education in math !  Fire Woodson now , since he has yet devised any back up plans , other then letting Melo to keep shooting and that his defense is failing!
AJW274::Woodson is anything but the problem
dayda77::It ain't Woodson, it's Dolan.  KNICKS CEILING UNDER THIS IDIOT OWNER IS FIRST ROUND PLAYOFF EXIT.  That is a FACT.  This is a MEDIOCRE team.  Their 18-5 start was FOOL's gold.  When Defense takes over in the playoffs, the reliance on the 3 point shot will be their undoing.  Oldest team in NBA history will be their undoing.  Knicks just went 6-1-- but look how bad those teams were they beat.  They are a .500 team the last 28 games or so.  Get used to the fact that Melo will never be a part of a great team.  Ball hog who doesn't play defense.
NYballer6969::Woodson got his contract based on 2 things , he lets Melo shoot all he wants , in return Melo said  "I could live with Woodson as my coach. " Dolan didn't listen to Walsh, to wait till the end of the year when he's a free agent  , he instead gave up the farm to get him. Dolan needs Melo to look like the Knick savior , so that he doesn't lose face . Woodson understood that ! How else would you explain a guy taking 25 shots a game at 41% and freeze out your other star player by him taking only 8 shots a game at 57% shooting ? I hope Amare hits Woody instead of the extinguisher next time around !
jcsny::Woodson is Melo's puppet though.
IlyaKol::You're stupid. I'm a Heat fan and Mike Woodson has done an AMAZING job. Not saying the Knicks will anything significant, but to blame this on Woodson is stupid. The dude has the Knicks playing better basketball than they have ever played since 1999.
NYballer6969::He has one of the best 3 point shooters in the league, who shoots from 3 better then Melo shoots from anywhere. Woody does not call out any plays for him , has no clue to set him any picks or screens ! Amare is shooting as good as Lebron has for his last 10 games, over 60% , but yet he takes 1/3 the shots Melo does ! The Knicks of old use to pass to the post and get the hell out of the way ! I couldn't imagine Starks at 40% taking 3 times as many shots as Ewing at 55% ! Woody got to go !
NYballer6969::Woodson had the Hawks playing well too ! They never went anywhere ! The Knicks have a stacked team , any coach should have them where they are . You clearly don't have a clue . The Knicks are a .500 team for their last 25 games ! They are degressing , the Knicks D was the best D in the first 15 games. Teams make adjustments like your Miami team in the Playoffs. Woody has done nothing to re-adjust, just like last Playoffs ! Melo took 50 shots in his last 2 games and has 3 assists , BIG PROBLEM !
kapernick is squidward::Carmelo leads the league in most shots attempted during passing drills.
Tyrone Slothrop 04::Now THIS was funny.  Well played.
I prefer boxers over briefs::lol
kapernick is squidward::In 10 years, when we look back at Carmelo's career, he'll be known as "Carmelo, 15-time first round playoff participant"
37stan08::HHAHAHAHAHAHAH. stupid.
Spleefay::Labron &gt; kd &gt; Paul George &gt; gay &gt; pierce &gt;.... Melo &lt;  Landry fields
AJW274::@Spleefay your a idiot
IlyaKol::Who is Labron?
NYKfan870::I cringed when Amare got doubled and blocked instead of giving it to Kidd for that open 3
setrue::Well, Dumb Dolan's brilliant plan of "saving" money for HIMSELF by letting Lin and Fields go for NOTHING in return and bringing in cheap veterans to please MElo has not worked.   What is plan B as team is capped out, handcuffed with a player with a bloated contract no other teams wants,  aged veterans with 3yr contracts who struggle to log time on court, and few future draft picks?   The team will limp to the end of the season and will not win a championship.  What then Mr. Dolan?
Spleefay::Maybe I can just shoot my way out of this slump  Melo
GMEN07_11::I see what you did there
wilhenderso 6::anyone with an IQ above a toaster knows lots of bricks and bad arm you should start thinking about passing.  oh wait i forgot who we're talking about LOLOLOL
papuchi24::And you haters and Knick fans were talking junk about the heat sneaking by the raptors. LMAO atleast we didn't lose to them, as you can see knicks havent proof squat... East goes threw maimi baby... Go Heat!1
heisenberg_3::Who says no to this trade over the summer? Nash for Lowry and Fields.
gri400::raps say no
AJW274::Landry fields sucks
I prefer boxers over briefs::Nash would be a perfect fit for the Knicks.  Old.  Slow.  Injury prone.  Overpaid.
Spleefay::As a raptor fan I say no. The only good thing about that is that we would get rid of landrys contract. Nash had his chance n decided to join the circus. We gave a young core of players Nash is just an old bum
truthhurtsalot::Same fans who complain about people getting calls for getting looked at are the same ones complaining about hardnosed honest defense.  Make up your minds bi at ches!
heisenberg_3::Raps built one of the most inefficient shooting teams I've seen in a long time. Bunch of guys less than 45% and a few less than 40%.
Neonridr::yet they take down Indiana and New York on the road and Denver at home..  They currently sit 17th in the League in FG% and 13th in the League for 3P%  so to say they are one of the most inefficient shooting teams you've seen in a long time, then clearly the list of teams you follow is short..
Dengue-Fever::Wow..all of sudden this turns out to be a Lebron board....
Jamaal 43::Blame that on other guys, I hate bringing up his name.
Jamaal 43::last game when the Heat played Portland Lebron went to the line 8 times and committed ZERO fouls !!! Not one !! And that was a physical game, that's ridiculous.
Jamaal 43::LBJ doesn't have to say a word because he knows not matter how physical he plays or the game is he's getting to the line no matter what. I would get upset too if I'm getting wacked causing me to miss shots and or get injured.
_Pippen aint easy_::Lebron has had tons of games with zero fouls - for his entire career he has been a guy that does not commit a lot of fouls.
_Pippen aint easy_::I'm just pointing out that you're not being very logical. You're acting as though that game was some sort of strange occurence.   There's not some rule that says if you go to the FT line 8 times, you also have to get called for a certain number of fouls. You can play defense without fouling.
Neonridr::and a guy who cries bloody murder if he doesn't get a call go his way..
Jamaal 43::I see. . . .
truthhurtsalot::So you encourage defense by fouling?  Isn't it a good thing when players learn how to play defense w/o fouling?  I'm personally sick and tired of players not knowing how to D up w/o tackling someone.
37376::I've said it on here before &amp; I'll say it again..........until Carmelo learns how to increase the # of assists he has per game the Knicks are going nowhere. The major difference between the Knicks &amp; the Heat is that Lebron knows how to hit the open man with "the right pass" whenever the defense is keying in on him. That's the difference, &amp; that's why the Heat will continue either winning championships or traveling deep into the playoffs while the Knicks will keep heading to the sidelines after the 1st round. Carmelo is the same knucklehead that he was in Denver.......it's really too bad too cause his situation will get no better than it is right now with the Knicks. This is as good as it's gonna get for him.
Blockman715::Fact. Last year melo had more assists per game than durant.
_Pippen aint easy_::Those threes aren't quite raining down now the way they were early on in the season.
Jamaal 43::Melo last night was getting smacked and wacked, whistles were silent all night. LBJ doesn't need to cry about the refs because he knows if he gets touched he's getting to the line every time.
Jamaal 43::I understand body contact but you can't keep slapping and hitting a guy's arm when it's causing him to miss shots, that's why he had a bad night shooting.  (5 - 24)
army of bono::He had a bad night shooting because: 1) He was just off from the beginning of the game and 2) he was hurt and couldn't play well through the pain.  Getting hit on the arm wasn't the reason he was blowing layups.     Knicks just sucked last night.
Dj3garrett::Doesn't Melo shoot more free throws than Lebron?
Neonridr::Again, I watched the same game, and Rudy Gay would be draped all over Melo but in no way was fouling him.  Just because a player initiates contact, doesn't always make it a foul.
Neonridr::I am sure there was contact several times no doubt.. but the refs seemed to be letting them all play.  Gay looked to be hacked once or twice with no calls.. NY just wasn't able to make some key plays down the stretch..
Jamaal 43::But It's not about Gay on Melo, it's about the whole game and Melo having his arm get hooked, slapped and grabbed while making moves.
Jamaal 43::lol I'm not talking about the loss, I'm talking about Melo getting hit and the refs not making calls.
truthhurtsalot::LeBron only gets 6.5 ft attempts per game...lowest amongst the superstars.  You basically need to punch LeBron in the face in order for the refs to call a foul.
cbbaseball19::Melo averages more Free Throws than Lebron.  What do you have to say about that?
Dj3garrett::What does "not when it counts" mean? That he shoots more free throws during pre game warm ups? I'm confused...
cbbaseball19::not when it counts?! Ha.  Take the loss like a man.
Jamaal 43::Not when it counts. Last night Melo should have went to the line at least ten times last night
Jamaal 43::Watching some of those highlights last night. . . Melo was getting hit A LOT and the refs called absolutely nothing.
Jamaal 43::Melo drives to the hole 24/7. He has always went strong to the basket; you're not making any sense.
Dengue-Fever::You just proved a point for me..When you get physical with Melo gets fustrated.. he is soft!..therefore he no longer is your top scorer (12 points)..If J.R. is your top scorer than you have problems..simple
cbbaseball19::What a moron.  Melo averages more free throw attempts than Lebron.  Lets not cry about the refs.
Neonridr::I dunno Gay was playing great defense on Melo.. The refs were allowing stuff on both ends of the floor.  I mean sure the refs made some bad calls, the Lowry technical resulting in the ejection was ridiculous, guy was just expressing his frustration as he walked away, it's not like he was in the refs face.  Raps played very good D a lot of the time, sure there are points of contact all the time, but it was a very physical game, refs were letting them play..
Dengue-Fever::Yeah but you're talking about super stars that drive to the hole..Melo has never been that..likes to shoot from outside too much
Jamaal 43::I'm talking about him getting hit and the refs not calling fouls like they would do any other super star like KD, Kobe or LBJ. It has nothing to do with him getting frustrated. If Melo gets frustrated, he's getting frustrated at the refs; not the players he's playing against.
Jamaal 43::lol Guys have nothing more intelligent to say other than "Knicks suck" smh
Neonridr::That's just Heat trolls on here...
DR HORSE 3::andrea bargnani for  a water / towel jockey..... cant have enough of those guys
RyanDoons23::love when they lose.. http://www.tinyurl.com/interestingread214 enjoy
Dengue-Fever::KNICKS SUUUCK!!!!
Clueless Heat Fan::knicks r toast wont do anything but 4-1 in the plyaoffs what a joke charity wins
TristanStLouis::Looks like the Raps are coming together. Might not make the post-season this year but next year looks promising.
DR HORSE 3::an extra towel jockey  for bargnani .. i think that's  a fair trade
Neonridr::yeah, they were definitely in a deep hole, but only 6 games out.. you never know..  The trade deadline could make it even more interesting if the Raps can unload Bargs for someone of value.  Guy looked like an open door last night with his defence against Chandler..
TristanStLouis::yeah man Bargs for a defending/rebounding big. They top 15 in scoring and assists but near the bottom for rebounding and sort of in the middle for points allowed... if they can get someone to pull down boards and shut down the paint, they can be scary
theflyeststar::i knew woodson would screw this game up with his lineups, kidd starts at shooting guard and scores 0 points in 32 minutes, saw that coming, i give props to the raptors, they might make the playoffs, rudy, kyle lowry and demar will be a great 3 man combination for years to come, their a good team
SuperDuper.PooperScooper::The year was 1989. Bush was in office, and the WNBA was taking the world by storm. The  NBA, believing that its basketball was the greatest in the world, was rocked to its core at the realization that it was being trumped by a basketball league in general, let alone one within its own boarders. Led by star players LaFawnduh Johnson and &amp; Shaynequa Graves, the WNBA's competition was clearly greater than that of the NBA. Johnson, standing 5'2", and Graves, 4'9", played Michael Jordan and Patrick Ewing in a 2 on 2 televised nationally by ESPN. The game, which was played on the streets of Harlem, in the home of Joe Paterno. The game was tied 20-20, and the next basket to score would win. Graves put a deadly crossover on Jordan, and dished a no-look pass to the wide-open Johnson for the game-winning lay-up. As the world watched in amazemnet, something more amazing occured. Jordan, amazed by the crossover, came over and confessed his love for Graves. Graves, honored that His Airness fell in love with someone as ratchet as her, took his hand in marriage. A short year later, a player named LeBron James was born to the family. And as we learned from Star Wars, father is always greater than son.
Neonridr::lol, hilarious..
EnigmaBlack::It always comes down to the little things with the Knicks. There lack of discipline is their downfall. I watched at least 10 Knicks losses this year that came down to a matter of them either not hitting free throws or giving up points due to technical fouls. Woodson needs to get an anger management guru in ASAP if they want to make it out the first round of the playoffs.
49Andrew49::ITS ABOUT TO GET GAY IN THE PLAYOFFS!!!!
49Andrew49::Raps = Champs.
Dengue-Fever::Knicks lose..again!!..garbage a$$e$..back to reality Knick fans??..lmao..
Neonridr::Built not Bought is the Pacers slogan
TristanStLouis::I'll agree every team has poor performances but we can't take credit away from Toronto. They played well. Shut down Melo, Bench came out to pick up for poor shooting from a few starters and coaching made really smart match-up choices. It was partly an off night for NY but also a really good night from Raptors coaching and players.  That said, The Heat have had their fair share of off games too but NY and Miami aren't going to the finals. I'm not a Pacers fan but I'm betting on Indiana to shock them this year.
Neonridr::while I am happy the Raps won, every team has a poor performance sometimes..  remember that time when Washington beat the Heat?  I do..
Neonridr::lol OK.. Here are some Heat losses for you to jog your memory..   December 4 - Lost 105 - 101 vs Washington December 6 - Lost 112 - 92 vs Knicks  December 28 - Lost 109-99 vs Detroit December 29 - Lost 104-85 vs Milwaukee  January 8 - Lost 87-77 to Indiana January 10 - Lost 92 - 90 to Portland  what was that again?  If you are going to make some claim, make sure you know what you are talking about
Dengue-Fever::Really??..come better than that..My Heat hasn't lost 2 in a row all year..NY has..My point is Knicks aren't going anywhere
pointpleasant boro::Melo might be out for allstar game.
Dribbird.::2 thing about this game.  Toronto looks like a much better team with Gay.  The whole team is playing better.  Knicks are far too reliant on Melo.   He is a volume shooter.  Sometimes he won't hit anything and when that happens, the Knicks are in trouble.
Bryson1981::Gay was 4 for 21... is that the definition of a boost?
DSandhi::he was also guarding melo, his defensive presence help the raps win, also, just his presence on the floor gave open looks to his teammates.
Neonridr::not last night, but he hit the game winning shots against Indiana and then two games later against Denver.  Had been averaging 23 points for us in his first 6 games going into last night, and the Raps have a 5-2 record since acquiring him.  So I'd say that's a definite boost..
Spleefay::He's so good we even have a parade for him
Neonridr::Gay has been a huge boost to our team.  He's earned a bad night of shooting, since he has been stellar for us the other games he's been in a Raps jersey.  At least he was rebounding and sharing the ball last night to offset his poor performance scoring wise.
Spleefay::Landry fields &gt; melo
Rio FERDINAND owns everything::5-24 i can't believe it,unbelievable! I never seen nothing like that
cbbaseball19::"So Lebron, whats the second round like?"    -Carmelo
Spleefay::Melo has the worst shot selection ever   - Alan iverson
Kobe Brick Mason::LeBron=winner Carmelo=loser
Kobe Brick Mason::"I think the way Carmelo shoots is his best opportunity to be the GOAT."  Kobe
Ref Dunked on You Twice::Melo  5-24  Nuff said
Matty Ice Ice Romo::no Laker or Heat games last night....what is a troll to do?
brisilk::Change your screen name because Matt Ryan SURE AIN"T ICE!!!
Neonridr::Well it wasn't the prettiest of games, I appreciate the defense the Raptors put forth.  Being enough of a nuisance to alter or change shots, but not cause the foul as a result.  Amazing how many baskets NY missed down the stretch that were layups.. bizarre night for sure.  Raps are rolling now, that's Indiana, Denver and then NY the following night.  With both Indiana and NY on the road in hostile environments, you have to appreciate what the Raps are trying to do here.  6 games back with half a season to go..  It's a daunting task to dig themselves out of the early hole they put themselves in, but stranger things have happened in the NBA.  Let's just hope the Raps can continue this great play into the 2nd half of the season.
