butasports::buy the lephone, only vibrates no ring http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/p/best-nba-memes.html
conchami::Has Blake Griffin ever made a shot outside 5 feet? All he can do is dunk. He is overhyped and a joke.
MECH4NIZE::That's why he's making the money, and you're not.
crondito::Have you ever watched basketball?
Pmac1287::if you watched the highlights you'll see he does just that, ignorant
drmcfunk::People can talk all they want but in the end the Clips are a young talented team and can only get better from here where as Lakers are on the way out. This is the highest winning percentage in franchise history and we are playing horribly. If this team is in sync we can beat teams like Miami Heat and OKC which we have already done this year. Lakers arent even in that category we spanked you 2 times in the preseason and we will take the series 2-1 after we win April 4th.
Starkzz::Clips first season with around 6 players that play in the rotation. Lakers will only get worse and clips will only build more chemistry and pick up more pieces (coach).. Laker fans just mad cause clips can be better this year and in the future. Chris Paul takes over in the playoffs, im sure laker fans remember last season..
DJ Mbenga Has More Rings Than Lebron::1. Its the highest winning % in your history because the standards arent that high in the first place.... 2. You beat those teams with Billups 3.Pre season doesnt matter everyone knows that 4.You need Mental Help.
REDUCE523::Clips win by 17 and the Lakers barely beat the Warriors. But they are the champions. The Lakers will not get out of the 2nd round. They cant beat OKC or SA. Clippers are pieces away from competing. Billups comes back or they sign Ray Allen and good luck NBA. This team has only played 50 games together and are still in 4th.
drmcfunk::First off as a clipper fan the last thing we need is Ray Allen we need to stop trading and start working with what we have. Secondly APRIL 4TH will decide who is the better team so lets just wait to see what happens 6 DAYS CLIPS FANS
JDiddy8720::That was a dumb comparison. The Clippers LOST to the Warriors TWICE. And don't start talking about the Lakers not being able to beat OKC because they MANHANDLED the Clippers 8 days ago. Some of you Clipper fans are dumb. Clippers can't beat the Lakers in a 7 game series.  If they got Ray Allen...lol. Keep on dreaming about future players you don't have.
JDiddy8720::See your contradicting yourself. You used Golden State as a reference as to why the Lakers aren't really good. Your team lost to them twice. That is all I am talking about.
crondito::Clippers also MANHANDLED OKC earlier when they actually had a healthy Chauncy
MECH4NIZE::Lmao!!!!!
drmcfunk::and how about those Lakers losing back to back to the pistons and the wizards, ill take the 2 losses to GSW.
kkool101::The Clips lost to them once!!!!!!
JDiddy8720::I find it hilarious that Blake Griffin and the Clippers are wondering why teams are EXTRA physical with Blake. People don't like getting dunked on, its a fact but people also don't like getting stared-down every single time either. I would smash him to the ground same way. He is a big puss. Nonetheless, he isn't as good as he made out to be. Only Clippers fans will try to make us believe he is. If it wasn't for fan voting, I wonder who would have put him in the All-Star game ahead of Kevin Love, LA, Dirk, Z-Bo ( when healthy ) or Pau ( who would have made it if it wasn't for the logjam of bigs. Dude is wayyyyy overrated.
crondito::How about last year when he was chosen as an All Star by the COACHES, who know more about basketball than you ever will
JDiddy8720::First off stop liking your own comments. Second, I referenced that he wouldn't have started in the All-Star game which means I was talking about this year. Clearly you can't read you moron. Now if you are going to say that last year, he wasn't put in because they wanted to please the fans who were AT THE STAPLES CENTER where he plays, then you clearly can't see past his genitals. Lay off the slurping.
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::Hey clipper fans. Why wasn't there more hype on y'all when you guys actually made the playoffs for the third time in like 20 years? I'm sure that Sam cassel odom brand maggete mobly team was way better than this team right now. Why only now the hype?
ustna::Why are you on a Clipper board? Threatened by the sudden popularity of the Clips or is the fact the the Lakers are a shell of themselves?
kevinrsx408::i likiw how clippers fans r using billups as an excuse for the team losing. as important as billups is u guys r acting like hes as important as paul
HEELTARWARRIOR::haha Young is no Billups. Far from it. . .
sambecker1::the reason why we use billups as an excuse is because he IS that good. If you actually watched the clippers, you could tell a difference right away with the absence of leadership and smart plays. Please, shut up if you are just going to come in here and bash the clippers.
DeeMac912::Then trade Pauu for like 2 or 3 decent players
crondito::since when does five decent players make up for the loss of one great player?
bzg2392::You completely discredited yourself by saying Nick Young is better than anyone
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::You have five decent guards. That shouldn't be an excuse. I'm sure nick young is way better than billups.
cowboyzrule92::Clippers suck. Go Lakers!!!
crondito::a Cowboys and Lakers fan... Are you a Yankee fan too?  I can't take the opinion of anyone who only roots for frontrunning teams seriously, because all you do is find whoever the best team is and then decide to root for them
HEELTARWARRIOR::I think Clips could take Lakers in a 7 game series. . .
3PeatKB24::@Jeremy, Sessions makes the Lakers better, I havent seen 1 person here say Sessions is the missing piece to anything but he improves the Lakers alot and that is fact. Fisher averaged freakin 5 points a game and has stunk for 2 seasons now. The Lakers are a top 4 team in the West regardless with Kobe, Pau, and Bynum no matter what and have as good as shot anyone of winning it, Sessions just gives them a better chance at it.
pioms::Why are you guys feeling bad for us Clipper fans? It's the best season we've ever had!  I'm loving it.
JeremyLinTimTebow...::Laker fans are funny, thinking Ramon Sessions is the missing piece to a "championship" team.
kevinrsx408::lakers were set at every position except pg. so i think its safe to say sessions is the missing pieces to a championship team n im not even a lakers fan
ZodModule::Clippers fans even funnier thinking Paul and Griffin will be around much longer.
1Realthing::Do you know how I know the Clippers are good? Laker fans troll their articles and talk about how much they suck!
3PeatKB24::I dont think they suck but I dont see them beating the Lakers or Mavs in a series. Losing Billups screwed them. If they had him they would be scary then imo.
3PeatKB24::@cowboy, I think they will lose in Round 1 too. There are too many good teams in the West for them to win, jmo. Their Big's are soft. Griffin is a good player but he isnt better than Pau, if anything it's even and Bynum will dominate their centers!
cowboyzrule92::I feel bad for clipper fans. They actually thought they would be the best team in LA when it is all said and done this season. All they have are pg on their team.   1st round exit coming up for the clippers
marat75::Mavs will be destroyed either way.
3PeatKB24::Dont think so, they showed last yr they can win when it counts. The 2nd Round teams imo will be OKC, SAS, Lakers, and Mavs. Grizz could surprise though.
3PeatKB24::You are funny, Mavs and Grizz both arent in the top 4 and I mentioned them. I guess I should really go out on a limb and be stupid then and pick Utah and Houston or Denver to advance - OK?? or better yet pick the Knicks to win it all, will you think I am a genius then?
JeremyLinTimTebow...::Bold prediction, taking nearly all the highest seeded teams.
3PeatKB24::Clippers will be 1 and done in the playoffs as they are not as good as the Lakers, Mavs, or Grizz.
special_agent_johnny_utah::As someone who was at the game I can say the following things stand out much more in person...  1)  The Clippers have no semblance of coherrent offense.  They pretty much just execute lob dunks and iso plays  2)  Blake Griffin is a really good player and despite his FT woes can hit 15 foot jumpers, dunk, and make tough layups.  He's a solid player despite what the haters say.
HEELTARWARRIOR::ATM, Love is better but Blake COULD become better in the next few years. Will be interesting to watch.
pioms::Blake is better in his second season that Love was in his... Gotta remember Love has two years of experience and development on Blake...
Starkzz::ya i noticed when blake puts a hand in a players face on D they always make it... happened 3 times tonight... wonder if he just tries that hard to stay out of foul trouble
Starkzz::starting line up is based on fan voting... K love is a better player now, but griffin is just so much more popular (just look at all the haters k love doesnt have many or marc gasol)
adonley77::i agree with both of these. blake griffin needs to learn how to play defense and i think the fact that he was put in the starting line up for the all star game over kevin love is absolutely egregious
special_agent_johnny_utah::yeah i won't disagree with the Kevin Love thing.  Kevin Love is waayyy better then Blake and I am a Clippers fan.
chrisd867::Clippers &gt; Lakers
adonley77::i think the lakers are a better team but i think it would go 7 games merely because of the rivalry factor. clippers have the better pg, but sessions makes the lakers as a team much better. kobe is better than whoever the clippers put out, world peace and the clippers sf are equal, pau is a better overall player than griffin, and bynum is better than deandre. where the clippers get the lakers is their bench, but in a 7 game series, the lakers experience and talent gets them the series
I3UTTON::Not a fan of either team but the SF of the clippers and Lakers are definitely not equal. Caron Butler is a lot better than Artest.
adonley77::thanks haha
3PeatKB24::Nice post :)
Starkzz::I am just trying to say, the present isn't the past.  Lakers history is far better then clippers history (and every other nba team), but the teams as of now are about level
3PeatKB24::Bynum isnt our best player, Kobe is leading the league in scoring and is our best still. Pau is just as good as Bynum is and I would rather have Pau than CP3, so congrats on getting injury prone CP3 - LOL. Lakers would destroy the Clippers in a playoff series in 5 maybe 6 but the Lakers will control a series like that.
adonley77::i just didn't understand the i don't think sessions is saying we won more part
Starkzz::Ramon ? i dunno how to spell his last name sorry, not a laker fan.. but its all about the present.. Kobe doesnt care about the past and that is what makes him a great competitor.. He plays every year like he hasnt won.. but Id rather have my best player be chris paul then bynum
adonley77::who is sessions? dgaf but the lakers are now better than the clippers
Starkzz::the past isnt the present... i dont think sessions is saying we won more
adonley77::17&gt;0
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::The only way the Heat will win a championship is if they either A) Trade LeBron or B) Sit LeBron in the 4th quarter of every game.
HEELTARWARRIOR::Obvious troll is obvious.
dcdrumsinc::cool. so the heat can let haslem make up for the 27 ppg and 8 rpg that lebron puts up. smart idea
LeBrickingBron James::Such a simple and concise way to put it
Slim_Greaser_310::.so would you sun fans rather get rid of nash or keep him?
LeBrickingBron James::<b> According to bleacherreport.com (they do all-time greatest lists) Kobe's 81 point game was 2nd of 50 greatest NBA games of all time. It was second to Wilt's 100.</b>
crondito::Wilt is called a ball hog all the time.  That's one of the main reasons he isn't considered the greatest player ever
3PeatKB24::Jordan was a bigger ballhog and had some terrible playoff games to boot like his 9-28 Game 7 vs the Pacers in the 98 East Finals where Indy had them beat and just choked, even against Utah in 98 when he scored 43 points in Game 6 to win it all he shot 15-35 man that is efficient isnt it? That's how mediocre Utah was in that game as they only put up 86 points and had 1 guy that could score in Malone in reality. People talk about Kobe's 6-24 in Game 7 vs Boston, will I just gave you 2 examples where Jordan wasnt efficient in big games but scored alot because he shot a bunch. Kobe still had 15 rebounds in that Game 7 and scored 10 Points in the 4th by the way.
1Realthing::Kobe has the highest usage rating of any player in the history of the league. (82games.com)
3PeatKB24::Jordan was the biggest ballhog ever but he is considered the greatest??
Slim_Greaser_310::yeah so why isnt Wilt called a ball hog...great players = ball hogs
rayzars::If James doesn't win it this year, will he ever?
Ashley Fox Prefers Double Dicking::He'll get traded to the Magic for Dwight. Then he can try to win with Hedo, so the answer is no.
Charles55213::That would be hilarious
Meet-The-Forkers::Goodnight fellow Suns fans! I reviewed the stats and we sucked tonight. Hopefully we show better performance Sunday against NO. Kudos to Blake! Hell of a player.
LeBrickingBron James::<b> The Miami LeBricks are 21st in the league in 4th quarter scoring  LMAO</b>
Kreator78::Yet they still beat whatever sorry team you're rooting for. ;)
rayzars::Is it sad that I would rather see the Heat lose in the first round then the Lakers win it all?
Charles55213::True, but if the Lakers win then that means the Heat didn't.. is it really that worth it to see them go out in the first round? Think that would make the rest of the playoffs less exciting. As a purist would like to see the best competition go at it.
rayzars::Well I like a lot of teams but Lakers are my #1.    LBJ losing just brings in some good lolz
Charles55213::If you're a Lakers fan then yes
LeBrickingBron James::No.
metsnlchampsxxx2012xxx::I wonder if Irving will remain a PG his whole career... Guy is a beast
metsnlchampsxxx2012xxx::Chipper will never retire, he loves being around the warmup donuts too much... His favorite book is catcher in the rye bread
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::That guy destroyed the Mets, just admit you're happy he'll be gone after this year
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::How do you feel about Chipper Jones retiring after this year??
111Mauricejonesdrew111::why wouldnt he no wonder why you believe in the mets you dont know crap
LeBrickingBron James::Your mom's a beast too. Look at all that body hair she has
OptimusPrime4.0::Id be shock if the heat lose tomorrow....
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::Delante West "shocked" LBJ's mom
Kreator78::I'm sure your mom was shocked when you popped out.
Dirk2XMVP::Well get ready to be shocked like last year!!!
LeBrickingBron James::Ricky Rubio's 32% FG
Ashley Fox Prefers Double Dicking::rubio is a stud, too bad for the t-wolves that he got hurt.
metsnlchampsxxx2012xxx::Ty Lawson will have a better career than Nash ffs... At least Lawson shoots when his team needs him to
sridhar2010::lol and hes a mets fan
Starkzz::please delete your post... steve nash is one of the greatest pgs of all time
MarkMac2222::Ummmmm are you talking about Steve Nash??
03memberofsociety::Kumbyya my lord...Lebron sucks
MarkMac2222::Thunder are going all the way this year, I don't see anyone, including the Bulls or Heat, stopping them when they're clicking. When they're playing at their potential it's scary.
Ashley Fox Prefers Double Dicking::depends who gets hot at the right time, look at the mavs last season.
LeBrickingBron James::<b> Best point guards in the league  1. Rose 2. Paul 3. Parker 4. Williams 5. Nash</b>
rayzars::No love for Westbrook?
LeBrickingBron James::Bricks and turns the ball over too much. But an excellent complimentary player to KD
Dirk2XMVP::Can't wait to see Deron Williams in a Mavs uniform next season
MarkMac2222::Parker? Where the hell is Rondo? ... Parker......?
MarkMac2222::Parker's having a nice year but top 5 is too high
abcdsb::and get kicked out on first round again
LeBrickingBron James::You must not know what the Spurs' record is, and how Parker is carrying that team
abcdsb::haha parker. john wall is better than him
LeBrickingBron James::John Wall is hot garbage
Ashley Fox Prefers Double Dicking::rondo is ahead of nash imo at this point in nash's career, plus he plays defense
Charles55213::First team all nba same as last season  Rose, Kobe, James, Durant, Howard
HEELTARWARRIOR::LOVE is 1st team. If he doesn't make it then $@% the nba.
adonley77::no love for kevin love?
Ashley Fox Prefers Double Dicking::Looks about right.
Sollam4456::remove kobe insert Westbrook
Charles55213::but you're right last season they had both LeBron and Durant so I guess it's just two guards, two forwards, center.. and we are right about the skill department Westbrook isn't even close
Ashley Fox Prefers Double Dicking::skill does though and kobe is a lot better than westbrook
Sollam4456::btw guards position doesnt matter moron
Charles55213::Not even sure what the rule is with duplicate positions, but either way Westbrook is not in the same league as Kobe
Sollam4456::no power forward??
Dirk2XMVP::get out and yea they play different positions
Ashley Fox Prefers Double Dicking::they play different positions genius
Charles55213::Lol
metsnlchampsxxx2012xxx::When all is said and done Nash will be ahead of Rondo possibly but behind   Rose, Williams, Parker, and Paul... but none of these guys will go down as the top 10 greatest except for maybe Parker, Rose, and Williams
HEELTARWARRIOR::Rondo will end better than Rose and Parker. Rondo has an all-around game and gets triple doubles. CP3 and D-WIll may finish ahead of him but I don't see Rose doing it. None of these will finish top 10 all-time players but Rondo, D-Will or CP3 could finish top 10 all-time PG's
MarkMac2222::Parker............? Are we living on the same planet???
chrisd867::Pat O'brien is a dou-he
littlebabylalash::Telfair is a point shavibg WH#ORE...Thats what that $@%!$@ is, a point shaving fu#king w#$@%!
littlebabylalash::What about when they deliberately miss who there friends and family can cash in in there tickets?
OptimusPrime4.0::we all think its a conspiracy when our bets lose.. lol but trust me he wasn't trying to miss on purpose
OptimusPrime4.0::everybody loses when it comes to gambling man take it easy
LeBrickingBron James::<b> Best shooting guards in the league  1. Bryant 2. Wade 3. Ellis 4. Johnson 5. Harden</b>
Iamtheone0594::I guess you have not seen Kobe's shooting percentage this year.
LeBrickingBron James::<b> Best smallforwards in the league  1.  Durant 2. Anthony 3. LeBrokeback 4. Gay 5. Iguodala</b>
Ashley Fox Prefers Double Dicking::Carmelo "I shoot 40% and play no defense" Anthony?
LeBrickingBron James::<b> Best powerfowards in the league  1. Love 2. Griffin 3. Aldridge  4. Stoudemire 5. Nowtizki</b>
NathanMoore86::dirk is 1, griffin=athletic beyond belief but not much else, love=extremely solid, probably 2nd best and maybe #1 with overall efficiency, aldridge and stoudemire (bosh too) =very good but not great...i hate kobe buthe is one of the best ever and the best player of the past 15 years (lebron=talent, kobe=results) you take him away and look at dirk (who entered league under 20 like kobe) and he had 24k pts at 34 yrs old....he most likely will finish with 30k or over and be top 5-6 ever for pts with a ring, mvp, finals mvp, etc.......it's bs to not think he's still not no 1 pf
Twuan89::No love for Channing Frye?
buckshotz17::you had it right until you put amare in the top 5..... that's just disrespectful to dirk or even bosh.... and i think bosh is a p*ssy at the 4
Dirk2XMVP::WOW dude just get out.  Dirk is still the best PF in the game or at least #2 behind Love if you want to put him there  Just quit dude
Dirk2XMVP::I would never take Stoudemire over Dirk. That is just plain dumb.
LeBrickingBron James::In today's day and age they are more effective players than Dirk
Dirk2XMVP::ok but why in the world would you put Stoudemire and Aldridge ahead? Makes no sense.
LeBrickingBron James::Not anymore bro. He never has been. He's always been second to Duncan
Ashley Fox Prefers Double Dicking::stoudemire ahead of dirk? are you high?
Dirk2XMVP::Mavs vs Heat tommorow. Get ready to see Lebron James repeat the same performance as he did in last years NBA Finals vs the Mavs.
OptimusPrime4.0::All my Gamblers how did you guys do tonight???
UNIVREBELZ::I would never take betting advice from a guy who thinks the Mets can win the NL EVER
metsnlchampsxxx2012xxx::because you had nash to score 13
OptimusPrime4.0::i also did an over 28 combined chris paul points and assist for the win
chrisd867::What's the spread on tomorrow night's OKC-Laker game?
OptimusPrime4.0::yeah... i think they might take it.... but idk okc has been hot of late
chrisd867::Lakers are favored??
OptimusPrime4.0::okc 1+ la -1
chrisd867::That's the money line for the Lakers? What's the point spread?
OptimusPrime4.0::200
metsnlchampsxxx2012xxx::They all lost like you... I held out because there was nothing good to play... Discipline
OptimusPrime4.0::what makes you think i lost?
chrisd867::TNT tomorrow night should be fun. I'll be rushing home from work...
crawnjc1982::he's getting older thats the problem and the longevity clock is ticking on him. He can no longer just turn it on just cause the playoffs come around. he's not in his 10th season anymore and he's not 28.
Ashley Fox Prefers Double Dicking::i would expect a good game, might be nice to not watch our pg get torched all night long. just contain westbrook, that's all i ask sessions.
Ashley Fox Prefers Double Dicking::kobe has been off lately, but he still has a few weeks until the playoffs start.
crawnjc1982::i know. if they contain the role players honsetly then they'll have a very good shot yet you better hope kobe doesn't shoot them out of the game.
Ashley Fox Prefers Double Dicking::artest will play him tough, but you can only hope to contain durant you can't stop him.
crawnjc1982::yet better hope to contain kevin durrant too!!!!!!
metsnlchampsxxx2012xxx::At some point Gentry needs to step in and tell Nash to be more offensive minded... the day you are afraid to call any player on your team out is the day you should hang it up...
littlebabylalash::So 51, 54 and 51 points get scored in a qtr and 33..?   Thats what NBA players are, money s##ing W#HORES
metsnlchampsxxx2012xxx::People miss... if you had the under youd be pissed with the 50 point quarters
LeBrickingBron James::Blake Griffin is the 2nd best powerfoward in the league
adonley77::kevin love is miles ahead of blake griffin.
buckshotz17::love is the best right now but griffen has played a season less and has been doing what he does on raw talent. when he develops his all around game he'll be dominant.
rayzars::K Love is still better and will probably develop even more.  Griffen is riding on athleticism right now not talent.
MarkMac2222::behind who
rayzars::K Love    durrrrrr
Ashley Fox Prefers Double Dicking::um...
Dirk2XMVP::LMAO
QB Sack Lunch::Poor Steve Nash...  Does he really deserve to be in the same pantheon as Charles Barkley (and soon to be Lebron James)?
UNIVREBELZ::Lebron is being traded to the Suns?
sridhar2010::all without championships...LAME
UNIVREBELZ::Totally putting Luke Walton on my fantasy team the day before I win the league championship.
MarkMac2222::Nobody is talkin' about CP3, 15 pts and 15 assists? Damn, the dude deserves some respect! And by the way, hating on Nash is like seeing a meteor shower first hand and not being impressed... the dude is 39 and leads the league in assists with a limited supporting cast... enough said.
Chopper4983::for all you GAMBLERS go check out THE SPORTS WHIZ on www.bettorbelieveit.com as he's got a PLAY for tonight's game.  This play is GUARANTEED TO HIT or you'll receive all of his plays on THURSDAY night for FREE!  I found out about this capper back at the end of the season last year, and he killed it for me!  I owe it to you all to let you know about him.  Go check out THE SPORTS WHIZ for yourself!
Smile_kkkk::Clippers still suck
Dirk2XMVP::I want to see Dirk and Nash reunite in Dallas
LeBrickingBron James::<b> Wanna hear a joke?  LeBron James is clutch</b>
rayzars::Womens rights
Twuan89::Steve Nash Greatest Player Ever?
rayzars::Top five players all time: 1 Nash 2 Nash 3 Nash  4 Nash  5 Nash
ThisGuyHatesTO::Words can't describe how much I dislike Channing Frye
rayzars::Justin Bieber
ThisGuyHatesTO::absolutely
Ashley Fox Prefers Double Dicking::is it more than Laker fans dislike Luke Walton?
chrisd867::Bigger ego: David Stern or Roger Goodell?
rayzars::Goodell
CP332BG::<b>Goodnight ESPN buddies...  REMEBER!!!! Clippers WON tonight. Hate all you want, but check the scoreboard. Lakers will get OWNED by OKC tomorrow.  Sleep tight all, -CP332BG</b>
Ashley Fox Prefers Double Dicking::regular season games don't matter, please hurry up and get here playoffs
jeremyfuster::Don't tell that to the people that mocked the Clippers when they were on a losing streak last week.
chrisvrbka35::you too bud
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Remember: Sports junkies rule and news hounds suck.
ThisGuyHatesTO::did you attend McKemy?
