JoeyDorsey4MVP::So, the worst team in the West snaps Denver's win streak.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Javale McGee needs more minutes.
GrapeOKAllDay35:::)
rainmaker2007::Injuries are part of the deal. Without Lawson, the Nuggets are good but not dangerous. Which makes LeBron and Miami even more remarkable, since he NEVER gets hurt, except when he heightens the suspense by faking some kind of temporary injury. If LeBron goes down the league might have a chance. Otherwise, the Heat, against anybody, win in 6.
Tiago Splitter::Aw man! I was HOPING the Spurs could snap that weak win streak. It was a ONCE IN A LIFETIME opportunity, the Nuggets will NEVER get another double digit win streak again
Genghis Kittah::We had ANOTHER double digit win streak this season you moron.
Space-AceFrehley13::This loss just shows how amazing what the Heat are doing is. Any team can lose on any night, so to keep a streak for that long is crazy
JCDish::"YIIEeaa Nuggets, No More Streak For You... Bring On the HEaat!!"  -Hornets
85Midnyte::Denver has bigger issues besides missing ty, i knew ish was bad when coach karl addressed the issue of players complaining about being tired and if u cant play with energy he'll put in someone that will, with that being said i agree that andre miller is a great sub but cant keep a fast pace the whole game
charlie hustle bets the over::trolls keepin it funny.  denver comes off a 15 game win streak (3rd longest this season/longest in franchise history)and now they're the worst team in association.  trippin
SouthStands::I realize my post below put the loss on Denver more than giving credit to the Hornets...let me address that really quick here...  New Orleans played absolutely fantastic. Tremendous hustle and effort on both ends of the court. Half way through the 1st Quarter, it was evident to me who wanted the game. Hornets' fans should be encouraged by the youth on their roster and the future...minus the name change.
SouthStands::A few quick observations...  Andre Miller kills the Nuggets. He flat out slows down the game and should not be counted on for more that 20 minutes a game. He is a great change of pace from Lawson and has a specific role on this Nuggets' team...last night's 39 minute performance is NOT it.  ...oh yeah, his defense is not very good either. Shouldn't be any shock that Roberts went 'John Stockton' on Denver last night...  Julyan Stone should have played at least 15 minutes last night.  Denver needed to rebound the ball better...no clue why Faried (25 minutes, 1 block, 7 boards), Kofus (20 minutes, 2 blocks, 3 boards), and McGee (11 minutes, 2 blocks, 2 boards) weren't on the floor more. Chandler (recovering from an injury) and Brewer (big time off night) were on the floor more than these three.  Denver lost the points in the paint battle 44 to 38...first time in over 50 games. No interior defense, no rebounds, no surprise.
rainmaker2007::But in a close game he is your best player, because he's your only reliable go to guy.
SouthStands::Chandler did fine, but was far from himself, shooting 30% from the field. I get he was +1, but his shot was not falling.  Denver was out rebounded by THIRTEEN! No way will that will ever work.
SouthStands::Very true...it was obvious early I'm afraid.  ...I just think in that type of game, give me two 7 footers in the paint. If Denver is going to get blown out, let's see Kofus and McGee at PF and C patrolling the paint. Couldn't be worse than what happened last night, right?
Pusherman3::That's just lack of energy and effort.  The team didn't play with either.
Pusherman3::Chandler played 30 minutes and was a +1...the only guy with legit minutes that was close to positive.  Faried had one of his terrible defensive games...and McGee is just plain terrible.  That might explain their lack of minutes...although 25 is pretty typical for Faried and 20 is certainly typical for KK.
GoLeafs76::if the Hornets end your "streak", the "streak" never happened
charlie hustle bets the over::well, actually.  15 in a row is definitely a streak, no matter who ends it.
Pusherman3::Predictable.  Nuggets have not played with any energy since Ty went down and they will not win on the road playing lazy D.
Pusherman3::Oh yeah...for the game, Miller was a -28.  Can't win with a 38 year old back-up PG playing 40 minutes for 3 straight games.
savetheplanet10021::denver sucks on the road......they better hope for a top seed
charlie hustle bets the over::5th best road record in the west. if you're going to troll, at least do some research.
minifarmgirl12::brian roberts did his best CP3 impression, aminu and davis looked awesome, denver looked like they had the spurs on their minds.
GodofAcid::Pelicans representing
buddydogwoof::If Tebow, wearing a pink sweater,  had spoken to the Nuggets before the game they would have won
Rick-Patton::probably
Chooselife333::The 15 game streak*
I Love my MTV::This is not news.  The Hornets will end the Heat's streak TOO.  FACT!
fifthlttr::That would be something...
What did i do 15.::Bwahahaha.
jamiecreig::so when do we stop calling them the hornets and start calling them the pelicans?
fifthlttr::Next season...
cscobra::people will always call them the Hornets cause its a better name
fifthlttr::I agree, Hornets sounds better... But, IMO, Pelicans is no worse than Heat, Magic, or Thunder...
cscobra::Andre Miller is the main culprit in the Nuggets lose, couldn't guard a rook if his life depending upon.  Can not run the team on his own.  And just when the Nuggets cut it to 9 he decided he didn't want to defend Mason and gave 2 uncontested 3's to essentially seal the game.
AbeLincolnGotShot::Hey, at least something good happens in the land of Katrina... er, New Orleans.
bostonceltics344::Wow, first Hornets end Celtics 7 winning streak and now the Nuggets.
endzzone08::That is what you get Ty Lawson for sitting out again and costing my fantasy team valuable points.
ssprague15::Can't beat NO and you expect to due damage in the playoffs? Yeah right, next!
gw687::Actually, I think the Nuggets do expect to DO damage.  However, no one said anything about the Nuggs wanting to due damage.  That seems to be just you.
cscobra::people are morons, take one game out of an 82 game season and the sky is falling.  The past week NO has beaten Boston and Memphis, did you post that same crap when they lost.
davidisamazing88::Hornets are a deceivingly good team.
World B. Xxpensive::"It's crazy to fathom, having 18 assists," Roberts said. "Guys play years and don't have that many assists."  Mike D'Antoni later issued a statement that Roberts was not talking specifically about Kobe.
ragincajunfury::Would love to see them end Miami's streak as well. Pretty sure it won't happen but you never know.
coljetsfan::32-3 at home
coljetsfan::same as Miami
coljetsfan::Remember, they are dealing with some injuries right now.  When the Nuggs are healthy they are a teamk to contend with.  They are virtually unbeatable at the Pepsi Center which works in their favor when they get home court..
hvs1717::they better hope they don't lose Lawson in the playoffs or they are screwed. NO was playing without 2 starters too. Denver got torched by a backup PG for 18 assists and 13 points. That is a huge problem if Lawson isn't healthy.
coljetsfan::They couldn't win them all....they are still my darkhorse in the Western Conference.  15 wins in a row is nothing to sneeze at..
coljetsfan::the will be 3rd seed
coljetsfan::Yeah but the Nugs are seeded higher...ACHOOO
Spencer-Jones::Clips had 17 in a row. Sneeze at that.
cscobra::Denver is better than LAC so sneeze at that
sscott907::Now If only they can beat the $@%! out of Miami on Friday!
diehardnr1::Since this game makes me sick to even think about...time to change the subject  Q:  Will the Jazz catch LaLas for 8th seed?
ThunderHornz::You know how to play ball and play well. This loss may help renew focus and not be a bad thing at this time. Good luck and good health!
diehardnr1::GG NoLa!!  You guys looked like the team that had a 15 game streak out there.  FINALLY!  The Nuggets have to pay for unfocused, lazy play at last.  Honestly, if the last couple had not been at home this is a 3 game losing streak.  Poor attitude, Poor finishing under the basket, poor FT shooting, Poor perimeter defending....you cannot survive those faults night after night in the NBA.  I would like to say that this is a "wake-up call"....but refuse to...the last couple of games should have done that. Unless Nuggets get an attitude transfusion SanAn and Brooklyn are going to mop the floor with them.  Yeah, Yeah....no Ty....but if a team as deep as DEN cannot overcome the loss of one player vs a lottery team...they really have no shot in the playoffs.  Disgusted.... Oh well...as always  GO NUGGETS!!!
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::At least Memphis lost too.    Time to start a new streak, Denver.  Let's go Nuggets.
diehardnr1::thats like saying "at least the Pats lost to Ravens as well"  While nice to hear, it does nothing to erase a horrible loss...
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::No it's not at all like that.  I'm concerned with playoff seeding, not with the Ravens beating the Pats and making the Broncos look better.   Memphis losing keeps us in front of Memphis in the Western Conference Standings.  It's important.
hornyets::Hee hee. Hornets.
Juan37453::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UTuW8lV6fes
Jamal2571::The Pelicans future looking great
diehardnr1::except for Davis...that is one UGLY dude...
NOLA_16::The Hornets are a very young and very good team. It's no wonder they won. They've lost a ton of close games. They need an older veteran who can show them how to close games. When they score another lottery pick, they can get even better with time. Good looking up New Orleans.
realNBA_analyst v2.0::...and the streak ends. Boo freakin' hoo!  jk
sjohnson2013_11::Allen Iverson - Denvers best player ever.
hvs1717::No. Alex English was better with Denver than AI was and played longer. English is Denver's best player ever.
sjohnson2013_11::Wait a minute... Where is Austin Rivers?
Jamal2571::He been out with a broken wrist for two weeks
rayg450::who cares hes horriible
Jumeax::Denver Fans cared
77cradle2grave::Denver lose because Ty Lawson was hurt.
diehardnr1::so...you are basically saying that if Ty goes out in playoffs that DEN will not win a game?  Man that is so sad if true....so much for the depth advantage if one player tips the scales so much...
torrence_j::The Hornets whole starting backcourt was hurt.
cscobra::Denver lost because they did not show to play
DeviantU::Who's Brian Roberts?
Jumeax::Experienced/Old Euro-seasoned Pro-rookie
hurst1227::Probably the best Dayton Flyers player since Roosevelt Chapman. He carried those teams on his back for the better part of 4 years.
hvs1717::Negele Knight might argue that point but pretty close. BRob was a beast for UD. Glad to see all of his hard work is paying off.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::NOLA beat the Nuggets at their own game, playing solid team ball 7 in double digits is awesome.  Good game. I can't expect to win them all, especially with their best player out.  Nuggets still have best record since Jan.  Good thing MEM lost tonight.
DavidRedeuced::To be fair, the Hornets didn't have Vasquez or Gordon (though Gordon has been abysmal this season so maybe that's a good thing). While you could argue Davis or Anderson are the team's best player, it's certainly close with how Vasquez has been playing this season.
jack frrom the titanic::That was great the Lakers lost
ShiloInn1985::Give Denver credit~ 15 games straight, especially in the West, is pretty darned impressive. Now that the Nuggets have lost the mojo, they can get back to the business of winning more games, &amp;securing Top 3 in the West. MEM, especially w/Gasol out, is a house of cards ready to fall to 5th or 6th. LAC had a nice early season run, but they aren't playing the same kind of late-season ball the Nuggets are. In my mind, DEN already proved they're Top 3. But they gotta keep doing what they've been doing.
jack frrom the titanic::lost mojo?....you guys won 15 out of 16
jack frrom the titanic::OK got ya....they are impressive since denver gave us the black hole.......since melo left, denver passes that ball and it is refreshing to watch......as far as my Knicks, I can't watch when melo is on the court....lazy ball hogger offense ony, NO D
ShiloInn1985::you know what I mean, they lost it for one night, after 15.  didnt have room to fit in that they 'got the monkey off their backs'.
jack frrom the titanic::It must be cool to smoke weed at the nuggets staduim in the smoking section
co_t84::we smoke nuggets down here in nola
JohnMcOwnage::Cooking nuggets is only good if you have a good sauce.
SAINTS_LSU_HORNETS89::Thanks for a great game Hornets!
MolasseScorpion1986::The Hornets will snap the Heat's streak next!
Taco has a Q::Its possible
jack frrom the titanic::IF  you go to colorado and smoke enough weed it is
jack frrom the titanic::and I saw cats flying out my wndow
