Rezo201::Anytime we get 20 points out of the 4 position it's like hitting the lottery. Good production from the 4 makes it a whole different offense.
uconn1511::Big win for the nets heading into the break
diehardnr1::Question:  Faried and Evans are similar style players.... Will Faried take the next step that Reggie never has?  Dont get me wrong, Reggie is dependable...just unable to convert his high motor into AllStar level
devinharris3418::faried is better at scoring.  evans at rebounding
Pusherman3::Faried is a much, much better player than Evans.
diehardnr1::GG Nets...can we borrow some 3 shooters?  The break could not come  at a better time for the limping,reeling Nuggets. Too bad they totally wasted the home stand positives the last 3 games.   All because GK went all out in BOS and created a slew of injuries by overplaying his starters, instead of using his not-so-deep-anymore bench...and THEN he is forced to play the deep end for 3 games ANYWAYS!  I have been hot and  cold about Karl...I really am thinking its time for a new attitude in DEN...Karl has become too philosophical and pacifistic for this high energy team.  Being a Zen Master requires at least 2 Superstars on the roster George!   Time to chill for the AllStar break and hope the Nuggets get healthy and come  out strong vs BOS to start the home stretch.  Heres hoping on the 4 and praying for another shot at the 3 seed..  If the road woes continue then a 6 seed and early exit awaits...sigh  GO NUGGETS!!!
ndcccc::I see Watson played well, he was a solid pg on both sides on the floor most of the time for Chicago. Do not know what to make of BKN. Lots of points though and JJ had a lot of assists. Ball movement was good for the most part tonight? The games I have watched, there has been so many iso's or shots outside the flow of the offense and not a lot of passing a lot of the time.
Mike02414::I think Williams didn't "sit himself down to rest/treat his ankles", I think he was sat down involuntarily. Notice how he sulked and refused to answer when questioned about it? Notice how much better the Nets are doing without him?
jrtall3n7::Hump was much more involved too and his production increased accordingly.
Ucannotbesirius::@mike I agree with your assessment.  I have concluded that D-will loves him some D-will. He dribbles through nine players only to pass the ball to himself and he just happens to be wide-open for the shot.  Ball-hog!
ndcccc::maybe they should just move him to the two guard spot, he can still shoot the ball well, drive well enough and post up pretty well and then he would not have to guard those quicker pg's if his ankles are messed up. He could not keep up with an old Nash.
IAMpunter0926::dwill to okc or dal or just back in the WC where he belongs
snapshot107::that mcgee throwdown doe. sickkkk
jrtall3n7::which one? lol
roll_n_riot::So coach killer williams doesn't play and the nets get a comprehensive victory over the tough nuggets
jayeteee::Anyway, I'm out. Seeya, guys. Go Nuggets!!
GrindForth::hey bobblehead, man rough night last night for the Chicken Nuggets huh?
jayeteee::Not as rough as it is for you to keep an account.
RaidersDodgersBullsFresnoState::Bye.
Patreeky::Member since february 13th 2013? My troll sense is tingling...
57Gerger::For a few months now I have been using this system called Sportsbettingstar to help pick winning bets. In only 60 days I have managed to double my bankroll by following this system. You can find this system on the front page of google by searching for Sports Betting Systems. If you bet on sports at all you gotta check this system out.
Patreeky::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UsN0YANRZ1U
57Gerger::following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar the last couple months now. I am making around $3000 a month just following this system. You will find this system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet on sports you have to look into this,.
57Gerger::Started using this bet system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. In my first month of using this system I made almost  $3,000 profit.  If you like to bet sports I recommend this system to anyone that is tired of not winning your sports bets. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google if you search the term Sports Betting Systems
57Gerger::Started using this bet system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. In my first month of using this system I made almost  $3,000 profit.  If you like to bet sports I recommend this system to anyone that is tired of not winning your sports bets. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google if you search the term Sports Betting Systems
JustineS04::GK on J-Ham: "He's a good offensive player. Uh, he's getting better defensively, so...I like a lot of things about Jordan. I'll petition the league to see if we can play a 60 minute game, so he can get some more minutes."  Hold up a second George. Didn't the Nuggets play a 63 minute game on Sunday? J-Ham didn't even play at all, if I remember. Also, that 63 minute game really zapped their energy, so let's not do that. Just work J-Ham in.
jayeteee::I don't care for Karl's remark, I know I'm not one to talk, but it sounds a little condescending to me.
Patreeky::What really gets me is his clear disdain for playing Kenneth and Javale together, clearly they are our front court of the future so why not let them develop together
JustineS04::He said we "rejuvenated his career." Probably not a good idea to give them locker room fodder for next time.  The defensive rotations are horrendous. That's on Karl. Defense is largely about effort, and this team gives a ton of it. Why they aren't coached better on defense, I don't know.
jayeteee::Or like when he says we made an all-star out of Dalembert.
JustineS04::Well he has his favorites, and we all know J-Ham isn't among them. Too bad b/c he can actually spread the floor.
Patreeky::He loves to insult our team as if it is going to inspire them to play better. I listened to his press conference after the blowout of chicago and he lamented the fact that we would never have a defense as good as them. I wonder whose shoulders that falls on, george...
Patreeky::Thats really not his fault, gotta play the starters or top tier bench players in a close game or OT. You cant just throw in Jham on Jason Terry halfway through the 2nd OT
JustineS04::I totally agree. I would've liked to have seen him earlier. And I'm disappointed that he hasn't gotten more minutes through out the season.
Ontario925::The Nets must be doing something right that the Knicks aren't this season. They have beaten the Pacers twice home &amp; in Indiana. The Raptors more than once too. The Knicks have lost to both. They have also beaten the Bulls. The Knicks haven't beaten the Bulls in three tries.
glenn30126::If Joe gets 20 shots a night..victory is at hand
JustineS04::Please beat the Knicks for years to come.
noturaveragebear11::what do you guys think of victor oladipo and cody zeller?
noturaveragebear11::well both will be top ten picks if they go after this year.
JustineS04::Interesting, I'm not disappointed at all. I love watching this team.
jayeteee::You and a lot of pundits.
noturaveragebear11::well the nugs have really been disappointing this year. at least to me. i really though that getting iggy would put them into the top 3 of the west.
JustineS04::As a Nuggets' fan (aka perennial first round exiting team), I don't pay attention to top 10 picks that much because I don't think we've had one since Melo.
jayeteee::Are you sure that's how they spell their last names? I can't find anything on them 'cause it comes up blank.
jayeteee::Beat 'em last time we faced 'em in the tourney, albeit back when Chauncy was here.
noturaveragebear11::well then you better hope the buffs dont run into iu. if they make it.
jayeteee::I follow the Buffs and the PAC 12, sorry. I don't really get into the other teams 'til the tourney.
noturaveragebear11::you shouldnt have to follow big ten ball to know those two. they are two of the best players in the country.
jayeteee::Sorry, you meant Indiana U. My bad. Don't follow Big Ten b-ball.
Patreeky::The Hoosiers not the pacers
jayeteee::He's not on the roster. At least not according to ESPN.
JustineS04::Cody Zeller plays for Indiana.
jayeteee::Well, we may not have a superstar, but it's obvious we have a couple guys that when they're not playing, it hurts us.
JustineS04::I also think Ty, Gallo, Faried, Iguodala, and McGee all have the potential to make the all star game. I'm excited about the future. That said, we need to re-sign Iguodala because without him, our defense goes out the window.
JustineS04::I agree. I think he's getting there though. The ceiling is very high.
jayeteee::I'm on the fence on McGee, he has flashes of brilliance, and at times seems very stupid. LOL. I know he's young, but I need a bigger sample, so to speak.
JustineS04::Great article on whether Andre Miller is hurting the Nuggets. http://www.denverstiffs.com/2013/2/11/3974876/golden-nuggets-is-andre-miller-hurting-more-than-hes-helping
jayeteee::Justine, I'm just not a Karl believer. We win a lot based on talent. W/ Gallo and Iggy and a couple others down, Karl was lost as to who to bring in when and where. It was a fiasco after that Cleveland game.
JustineS04::His rotations are so annoying. I can see why you feel that way. I think he wins a lot of games because this group out runs everyone. "RUN GENTLEMEN, RUN!" I didn't expect to be in the Celtics' game at all because of the tough road trip. That was a nice surprise. I haven't watched tonight or last night, but I'll take your word for it.
JustineS04::I think a lot of people thought that. I'm actually satisfied with Karl...except when we don't use a center, then I pull my hair out. I just wish Andre would accept his role. Everyone else accepts theirs, and it's such a great team to watch when everything's clicking (ie Andre Miller isn't coughing the ball up playing hero ball or chucking up 3s).
jayeteee::You have to take into consideration the same guy was going to lobby for Karl as coach of the year, so I have to take it w/ a grain of salt.
.Pumbaa.::Its ok the Nuggs lost, I still like them
Patreeky::You and me both brother
JustineS04::Ty has been great. Love the way he's playing right now. I agree about Miller, and I don't think we get an upgrade. The hero ball combined with his comments to the media really bother me. Andre, you're a 21% 3-point shooter. That shot is for Ty or Gallo. I think GK needs to reign him in, but I doubt he will. I also question whether he wants to be in Denver.
jayeteee::LOL. Miller was pretty valuable up 'til this road trip. Maybe he's just going through a rough patch. I'd hang on to him. I just love the way Ty's been playing lately though.
JustineS04::I don't want to lose Brewer. But the rest of them, I'm not especially attached to. I hope we can get something for Andre who has started Shaqtin' the Fool.
jayeteee::I'd keep Miller and Brewer and try to find a home for Chandler and Mozgov. Not sure they'd shop Chandler after paying him all that money for nothing, and waiting to sign him a second time. IDK.
Patreeky::Indeed, wouldn't be surprised to see a new player or two come our next game either. I wouldnt mind parting with miller, chandler, brewer, or mozzy for the right price.
jayeteee::What's not to like? LOL. Looking at the box score I'm glad I didn't watch the whole game. A much needed rest coming up for these tired Nuggets.
Alex47666::good job nets u beat the nuggets without their best scorer and defender   but you guys still played good none the less
Porkchop8920::We didn't have D-Will but still, good game
Patreeky::Ha, I had noticed that myself but chose to simply forgo a confrontation being the kindly gentleman that I am.
jayeteee::I've never heard that word used that way, or did you mean praising?
Alex47666::ya but i saw a lot of nets fans parsing the fact that he wasn't in the game
gary wheatley::is it just me or has anyone else noticed that when Brewer turns the ball over or commits a foul that he just laughs and smirks about it? also Miller does the same thing.  you can almost tell by Millers body language that he doesnt want to be here.  chandler has alittle bit of that also
jayeteee::Gary, Brewer shouldn't be handling the ball a lot. He always palms it, and when he tries to drive on anybody, he gets the ball taken away from him.  As for body language, w/ Corey, that's a nervous laugh. He's a team player.
Alex47666::chandler and brewer are ok with me   its miller but he's the veteran so we have to trust what he does is good for the team
gary wheatley::so who do yall think is gonna win in the Josh Smith sweepstakes?
LeftBaseline::Top Centers 1. Dwight 2. Bynum 3. Brooke 4. Lebron 5. Tyson
Patreeky::Leaning towards the nets, simply because its a big market who clearly wants superstars and most of the talk seems to be hinting in this direction.
Patreeky::Brook is easily clocking in as the 2nd best though, assuming Bynum doesnt come back from injury and blow everyone away which seems unlikely.
Porkchop8920::fair enough
Patreeky::Dwight is spectacular on defense and the boards, and can be more than efficient from the field when provided the looks. Brook is spectacular from the field and above average at defense, though he struggles on the boards occasionally, especially against bigger 5s. Id take Dwight if I had my druthers.
Porkchop8920::I just say that because he makes things look so easy and gets those crazy shots to fall
Patreeky::Wouldnt call him the best but he is certainly a force to be reckoned with offensively
Porkchop8920::Dwight's the best defensive center (Chandler being 2nd). Brook Lopez is much better overall
Patreeky::The nets dont need Dwight, Brook is a great 5 to build around, even more so when Dwill is 100%
Porkchop8920::I wouldn't give up the best center in the game (yeah, I went there) for Josh Smith
Patreeky::Dwight is still the best all around center in the league in spite of the lakers struggles and his pitfalls at the charity stripe
Porkchop8920::Nets don't want Dwight anymore
LeftBaseline::Nets want Dwight and Atlanta wants a young center in return for Josh. If the rumors are right, Josh and Dwight being Atlanta boys looking for Big Market. It may happen. Dwight healthy and happy is better than Lopez. IMO
Patreeky::I dont think Brook would be necessary in a potential Smith trade, and as for Dwight goin to atlanta thats always been one of his preferred destinations so its highly possible, especially if the lakers continue to struggle.
Porkchop8920::Nets wouldn't offer BROOK Lopez. Way too much for Smith
LeftBaseline::U think Hawks deal Josh for Brooke and look to sign Dwight in the offseason?
Patreeky::hard to tell, not the nuggets though
pfoote14::anthony randoph needs more minutes
Patreeky::Preaching to the choir my friend.
doof54::To keep it real, there were a couple of other guys on here at the same time I was earlier...  They were claiming to be Grizz fans.  They were being more than obnoxious. Some of you guys started spraying Grizz insults in all directions.  We are not all that way. Tough game for you guys tonight.
doof54::I did predict that the Grizz would be closer to the Clippers than the Nuggets would be to the Grizzlies, come the AllStar break.  Would love to see Houston come back and beat the Clips in triple overtime tonight.
LeftBaseline::league ain't allowing that. Clippers have the shortest back court in the league yeah....
LeftBaseline::Dude its all good. Basketball invites trash talk. We still think we have the better team and are confident in doing so Mar. 15th in elevation. Now Ty is playing better and DJaVale is also improving. We can't guard the 3 ball and since you guys moved Ellington. All that is left is Conley and he's aight.
Patreeky::Yeah if my Nuggs cant win it all, meaning when they inevitably lose in the first round, Id love to see the grizz take it. We need more proof that a team sans superstar can win it all, the only one that comes to mind is the 04 pistons and even they had chauncey.
doof54::Austin Daye, Quincy Pondexter, Jerryd Bayless, Mike Conley...  all knocking down threes and spacing the floor for the bigs.
doof54::Credit due in both direction too, though.  Grizz putting it back together after the trade, incorporating four new players. Won 3 in a row going in to the break.  Easier part of the schedule for the Grizz at a good time to get the new guys up to speed.  But don't hibernate on the blue bears. They are a better team after the trades.
johnholmes6969::Nuggets suck all yall thought yall had thr 4 seed hahaha grizzlies all the way
LeftBaseline::I think the Grizz's front court have the lowest vertical since Sabonis, Dudley, and Grant played for the Blazers.
doof54::...and extreme arm length.
LeftBaseline::doof54 - Oh yeah.  Zach couldn't jump over a postage stamp. How does he get all those rebounds and putbacks? Leads the league in double-doubles.  LOL...ZBO has the wierdest body. He has big torso and skinny legs. How does his fibula take so much punishment.
Patreeky::I blame delectable memphis barbecue...
LeftBaseline::Patreeky - Im a big fan of the Grizz' frontcourt, but they are a little on the hefty side. Great jump shooting bigs though.  Wonder why Country Buffett stop endorsing the NBA....Boom Gasol and ZBO eating them out of business.
Patreeky::He gets rebounds because he's a great player and smart basketball mind who can predict where a missed shot is going, his ups are mediocre at best however.
Patreeky::Im a big fan of the Grizz' frontcourt, but they are a little on the hefty side. Great jump shooting bigs though.
doof54::Oh yeah.  Zach couldn't jump over a postage stamp. How does he get all those rebounds and putbacks? Leads the league in double-doubles.
Patreeky::haha you seem familiar
Patreeky::Oh John Holmes not James Holmes, I thought you were our trolling homicidal friend from earlier in the day. Apparently, however, you are a completely different and somewhat less troubled troll. In that case, good luck to your Grizz.
LeftBaseline::Does anyone think the Clippers are going to deal Bledsoe?
bombina::Who do you think will be traded from the Nuggets by deadline?
gary wheatley::i I agree with Left bombina.  Karl is making it sould like he really likes his team to stand pat but even came out and said its Massai" decesion.  I dont see how they can keep Mozzy and not play him hardly at all and get nothing for him cause he would walk this summer anyway.  And for Wilson, Iike him but he has let it be known he wants out and I think Massi has known that for some time now.
bombina::Like I said above, Karl should have used Mozzy more to make him a better trade asset because right now he is getting paid $3 million to average 3/3.
LeftBaseline::Wilson and Mozzy or KK.
bombina::Well if you want pennies on the dollar, then that's what they will get because someone said Gortat for Mozzy below and I laughed.
LeftBaseline::bombina - Denver should have used Mozzy more to make him marketable, because right now he is just getting paid to ride the bench.  GK is trying to win games not appease playing time for trade bait. Plus he has hands of stone.
bombina::Denver should have used Mozzy more to make him marketable, because right now he is just getting paid to ride the bench.
NYChe21::Less Knicks trolls on these boards.  I guess they finally realize the Knicks have their own problems.
LeftBaseline::What Knicks...LOL yeah, Melo can score but can he continue to play basketball....JR is also coming back down to earth.
doof54::Remember me?  Grizz fan.  I came on here earlier and was paying some respect to the Nuggs, but predicted this outcome.  All you guys just wanted to talk smack.  Any additional words of wisdom you want to share about my accurate prediction earlier?  Are you looking up at the Grizz now? Still imagining otherwise?
rr2300::missing 1/2 our team the past 2 games...  but they never quit
LeftBaseline::Didn't we win the season series? Just keep winning cause any chance you guys lose a game we will leap frog you guys.
doof54::The series is Nuggs 2, Grizz 1.  So far.  March 15th in Denver.  I was being nice. Complimenting your fine team.  The rivalry.  But predicted tonight's outcome. You guys smack talking back.  Just sayin.
gary wheatley::you are so correct Left. we have taken 2 out of 3 and we basicially have half a season to go.  no time for anyone to be talking smack huh
gary wheatley::come on now doof54  we all know they lost tonight.  just remember though ok, 4 games in 5 nights, including that 3 overtime loss to boston.  we also played last night and tonight without Iggy and Gallo.  so dont come in here and start bashing the Nuggets ok.  every one in here is just talking b ball and having a good time and not talking smack ok
doof54::Yup. I noted all that earlier.  Got back a bunch of "you ignorant Grizz fans" kind of stuff.
gary wheatley::so did any of the teams we are chasing play tonight also?  I guess I could look it up huh lol
doof54::Grizzlies won last night.  Two full games plus percentage points ahead.  Warriors did not play.  1.5 games behind.  Clippers playing Houston right now, but Clipps are up big.  Go Rockets!
LeftBaseline::Clips are killing the Rockets.
LeftBaseline::gary wheatley - you know what though Left, the Clips are basicially back healthy with Paul and Chauncy back.  Its gonna be tough to catch them, although anything can happen BUT I would like for the Nuggets to get that 4th spot.  dont know what the 5th spot would be like  I don't think we are going to catch them. The league will not let that happen. The team who scares me is the Warriors. If they can get there chemistry right. There shooting is going to kill teams and Lee is a top 5 PF. Shame that Stephon wasn't an All Star....But we all know it political.
gary wheatley::you know what though Left, the Clips are basicially back healthy with Paul and Chauncy back.  Its gonna be tough to catch them, although anything can happen BUT I would like for the Nuggets to get that 4th spot.  dont know what the 5th spot would be like
bombina::Looks like after Boston defeated Denver and took their Nuggets, they been on a downward spiral.
LeftBaseline::We will revenge that loss in ELEVATION. Get your oxygen tanks C's.
bombina::You got a guy hurt in the 3rd quarter when you were already down by double digits and it was not as if Iggy was doing anything anyways. The Celtics lost an All Star starter in Rondo and their rookie breakout star in Sully. They basically played with no proper bigs in the front line except KG.
LeftBaseline::bombina - You are talking about a team that has lost 2 starters and now their bench microwave. Beating a old and injury riddled team is not a big accomplishment.  Does it matter that as long as its a win. Injuries are part the game. We had a hurt guy too.
bombina::You are talking about a team that has lost 2 starters and now their bench microwave. Beating a old and injury riddled team is not a big accomplishment.
broncoroxnug::4 games in 5 nights and one went into triple o.t. Not a downward spiral
gary wheatley::but I agree with someone who posted earlier about the 4 games in 5 nights, specially that 3 overtime game with Boston.  so now since its the all star break, how many days do they get off before their first game back?
gary wheatley::I think Korver would come cheaper than say Redik
broncoroxnug::If we really need a shooter that bad Id like to see jham and fournier get more minutes.Those guys can really stroke it
broncoroxnug::I looked at the schedule and I see the nuggets winning at least 21 games minimum and probably more
broncoroxnug::yeah I agree but I think gortat is making a bunch of money .if we get someone whos making a bunch of money its gonna be tough to resign iggy
LeftBaseline::Actually Gortat is only making 7 mill and some change. Wilson makes like 5.9 and Mozzy is like 3.3. If Wilson and Mozzy is gone it will also free PT for JHam or the French kid. *crosssing fingers.* Shoot throw in that Morris kid and its a deal. Dudley to me is too much of a defensive liability.
gary wheatley::Korver would work also
broncoroxnug::I think everyone will be healthy and I hope chandler is gone
LeftBaseline::Me too. We need inside help. Koufos played solid early this year but he misses to many bunnies. Wilson and Mozzy or KK to Phoenix for Gortat please.
gary wheatley::truefully you know one trade I wish they would make?  It is with Phoenix. Give the Suns Mozzy and Chandler for Gortat and Dudly.  Gortat is a bruiser and Dudly is a good shooter that can hit the 3 ball
broncoroxnug::hopefully ty and gallo stay hot during the break
gary wheatley::ok  they have 5 days off and thier first game after the all star break is on the 19th against Boston
gary wheatley::Gallo and Iggy should be ready to go by then
broncoroxnug::they come back monday and practice and play tuesday I think
gary wheatley::I can look real quick bronco
broncoroxnug::I hope everyone appreciates how important iggy is to this team now after these 3 losses. Nuggets need to dump chandler and sign Iggy to an extension quickly
JustineS04::Wholeheartedly agree. Sign Iguodala.
gary wheatley::they also missed Gallo's presence also bronco.  his scoring also.  Gallo has been playing very well lately
broncoroxnug::yeah he has. 33-21 is a very good record for the nuggets .I think they get a total of 55-56 wins this season and get probobly the 4 seed which Id rather have if the spurs get the 1 seed cause I dont wanna see the thunder till the wcf .I think the nuggets would beat the spurs and grizzlies/warriors
ctown8686::Nets beat the Chicken Nuggets
johnnybasketball693r::j ham = future all star
broncoroxnug::wont be for the nuggets .He will be playing behind iggy and gallo his whole career here. TRUTH
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::NETS sux never cud beat heat in playoffs  just my 2 sense tho dnt care bout urs u sisy nets "fans'
rmc1211::is that english
NYChe21::Can the Nuggets beat the Heat in the playoffs?  Nyet.
nixourbis::lmao sense
broncoroxnug::George says nuggets will win 70 percent of their games in the second half .That puts the franchise record of 54 which gk has had a team tie before in serious jeporady
gary wheatley::Karl told Massi, the GM he likes his team and basicially wants to stand pat.  they better do something or else its gonna get ugly. to me Miller is usless and Mozgov is usless.  need someone else that can hit a shot or the 3 ball. someone like Kyle Korver, Redik or Dudly from Phoenix
broncoroxnug::I think hes a BIG insurance policy for the playoff run .If kk or mcgee gets injured then what do we do? We dont really have a backup power forward either. Hes more valuable then anything we could get imo
broncoroxnug::Nuggets will stand pat . Only player that goes is chandler and that would be just a salary dump so the nuggets could sign iggy and cbrew long term
gary wheatley::bronco, so you dont think Mozzy will be gone?  just sits at the end of the bench collecting splinters.  you would think the nuggets want to get something for him cause everyone knows he is going to bolt after the season
gary wheatley::Nuggets have serious problems cause they cant defend the 3 ball   the Nets hit 16 tonight.  that is pathatic
broncoroxnug::absolutely. Cbrew played TERRIBLE defense against gay letting him get to his spot. Iggy makes gay take a 20 footer and he bricks it if not iggy blocks it. Iggy is the best perimeter defender in the game. Also I think pierce bricks that 3 to go into triple o.t.
broncoroxnug::they miss their two best defenders gallo and iggy
gary wheatley::you think if they were in the lineup these last 2 games they could have pulled them out.  2 back to back games, specially that 3 overtime game is really draining.  they tried to come back tonight but you could tell they ran out of gas
timetodienow1234567::Why is JHam suddenly getting minutes? Is it to get trade talk going?
gary wheatley::Brewer plays so reckless.  I know he hustles but, hell I dont know
LeftBaseline::He gambles at the wrong times. Joe was working him tonight. But he kept running at G.Wallace at the 3 point line. I don't get it. Who is the better shooter?
broncoroxnug::hes a really good off the bench player. Brings energy and hes probobly been the most consistent 3 point shooter on our team this year
gary wheatley::because Gallo and Iggy were out these last 2 games with injury
ESPNisBSN3WS::knowing GK, its unlikely
timetodienow1234567::I hope they continue to get him minutes. He's WAY better than Brewer.
DENuggetz303::From what ive seen of Brooklyn so far I think getting a stretch 4 would really benefit them and open up more spacing for Johnson Wallace D-will and would free up double teams for Lopez
LeftBaseline::Lopez is beast. Wonder why his identical twin brother is so goofy when he put together so well...
BJSaxMan93::Let's not get carried away with the "2-0 without D-Will" stuff. The Nets will need him.
mrPR0s::If we could just get someone to replace evans in the lineup we would be 2nd seed  Fact
mrPR0s::thank you. He can't contest people just  shoot right over his short $@%
spcoon::evans is a defensive liability. he can't challenge shots, only rotates / closes hard when it won't impact his rebounding position and man, he's a liability on the offensive side of the court. so much so that half his offensive rebounds turn into either missed gimmes or turnovers.
mrPR0s::that allows double teams and no spacing
mrPR0s::still struggles to make a layup
Rezo201::He's our only legit rebounder and low post defense. He is a key to the team.
BJSaxMan93::I agree, but he's an offensive liability. I'd be happier with him coming off the bench.
DENuggetz303::Seriously how many butt hurt Grizzlies fans are there on ESPN must be from the Rudy Gay trade they know their franchise is declining and its going down fast
Crooklynism::i honestly don't know how grizz fans can even exist with the kind of ownership that puts money over winning
GrindForth::How many? ZERO. Grizzlies are doing just fine. Assisted field goals are WAY up with Rudy.gone. You obviously arent a fan who hasnt seen games with and without him.
JustineS04::OH STOP THE PRESSES. GK paid J-Ham a compliment. He's "a good offensive player. Uh, he's getting better defensively, so...I like a lot of things about Jordan. I'll petition the league to see if we can play a 60 minute game, so he can get some more minutes."
Rezo201::Denver will be fine, they just came off of a stretch where they couldn't lose. They will probably go on another winning streak after the break, it's just part of the season.
ESPNisBSN3WS::this is all coming after millers complaints, and chanldlers tweets...just feels like a bunch of negative energy surrounding the team
jordanforever21::2-0 without Deron! He sucks anyways!
BJSaxMan93::Don't be delusional, the Nets will need him
Die Schwarzgelben::The Nuggets biggest problem, "right now?"  Playing 4 games in 5 nights and missing starters.
theanimal53::I agree, but still, the 3 balls kill us lol.
JustineS04::Plus a 3 OT in there. That's why I'm not worried.
GrindForth::The best part is all these losses get to fester and bother you for several days before your next loss, I mean game. By Saturday its going to be too much. I hope all these terrible games f with Farieds head and he chokes at the Dunk contest
FadeBackShootAirBall1::lmao
JustineS04::I don't think you know anything about Faried or his competitive nature. As for the rest of us fans...we live in Colorado, so we'll be skiing. Very pleased with where this team is at.
madnesslover::skiing and toking....you lucky s.o.b.s
