CHOKLAHOMO::Lol y'all say it's only Blake's second year and he only can dunk and rebound and has a lot of time to work on his game.  Wasn't he the rookie of the year last year? Look at all the rookie of the years and what they're capable of doing. Blake is only one dimensional at the power forward position. If he wants to just dunk and rebound then let him be a center.
ummhello3::why do people hate on blake griffin and call him overrated? its his 2nd year in the league and he has monster dunks and can rebound the hell outta the ball hes got plenty of time to work on everything else
ArtieSullivan::easy to hate on the best keep laughing Blake ... the better you get the more you're hated  meanwhile Blake wins basketball games while the haters get fined 25K NEXT
CHOKLAHOMO::Lol best of what? Best at flopping?
Soonerhopeful1::I have a dummy rule on message boards...When no one, but homer fans say..." Griffin is over rated"... Case closed, we found our dummies...!
CHOKLAHOMO::The people who say otherwise that sucks Blake's d.icks are c.ock suckers then.
Jairushawkinss::"Well I first heard about it from my acting coach," Griffin joked. "He sent me the email and obviously he was thrilled. It was a compliment and I guess he's seen some commercials and stuff so I appreciate it.
JDiddy8720::Blake Griffin will never be in the league with VC. People are so into watching Sportscenter  instead of actually watching the game itself. Dude falls down more than a kid at college night. He dunks the ball and stares down the opposing teams' bench or players all the time, he chirps, he throws himself on the floor and wonders why people don't like him and want to hurt him. If this was the 90's, Charles Oakley or someone like him would have already had this scrub in check. Why is he a great player? No attention to detail defensively, poor foul shooter, iffy jumper, no post game, no class, etc. Am I saying that he could never get better? No but the point is, he is not there yet so people have to stop giving him the crown. He isn't better than Aldridge, Love, Bosh, Gasol, Randolph, KG, TD, Dirk, Millsap, etc. You can add Al Jefferson &amp; DMC to that if you want to change them to PF's. Blake is a better rebounding Amar'e Stoudemire if you ask me without the jumper. If you want to be staring down people but not want to face the repercussions for it, then be a little more humble. CP3 is another guy who should keep his mouth shut because he is all bark, no bite. Bet you if they had to throw down, that little munchkin Isiah Thomas would break his face.
Soonerhopeful1::Jdiddy; claiming he actually knows about Griffin......!    Saying things about Griffin, that only Homer fans will say., No Coach or player say these things except  Homer Trolls.......Guess what that makes you....?
CHOKLAHOMO::And what does it make you? A d.ick sucker?
Zared2010::stop copying and pasting this comment, take your hate somewhere else pls
JDiddy8720::Seriously, stop talking. You wrote on the other post that you don't understand why people hate on him and that he is not cocky?  What basketball are you watching? So he doesn't stare down other players, or act or push people down? You are so right. Doing that will endear you to other players.
damn334::Griffin had a insane game last night that over the top circus shot and the dunk in the 3rd quarter was just crazy http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFi2mx-Zq9M&amp;feature=channel
Soonerhopeful1::no coach only a layman idiot would say....A dunk is only worth two points.. ha ha...Like saying  " Sex is just Sex".... ha ha.. yeah I have either Holly Berry or a Gorilla....you get the Gorilla, and ability to say..." sex is just sex".... ha ha... Your an educated person for sure...! ha ha ha..
Amon.Goeth::it's only worth 2 points.
igotjustasmanyringsaslebron::Blake Griffin most over rated player in NBA, even comparing him to Vinsanity should result in getting smacked.  Dunking over 7 footer in olympic game &gt; dunking over hood of kia in dunk contest  Blake cant hold Vince Carters jock
Soonerhopeful1::It's not that Griffin is " Over rated"... it's just that all people rate Griffin different then you....!   and you think your opinion is better then every one else....Good name for those kind of people....!     Over rated one says.... which means his rating is different from wise people, meaning he is the dummy opinion... unless one coach agrees....Is there...?   no... Only homer fans without  wisdom say. " Griffin is over rated"....It is the pro people who rate him this high, which eliminates you...!
Zared2010::i think vc was a more acrobatic dunker and all around a better dunker hands down. But why is Blake overrated. His dunks over Mosgov, Perkins, and Gasol where in the same league as Carter's dunks. VC's was better but they are in the same league. And also, his numbers after being in the league for 2 years are considerably better than Carter's. I think many people view him as just a dunker due to all his publicity for his incredible dunks. However, he is more than just a dunker, he is a top 5 pf in the NBA and also a great dunker. Ppl like you need to realize that. I think that this image people have of him as just a dunker can at times make him underrated as a rebounder, jump-shooter, and defender (all of which he is above average at).
Zared2010::In fact he is 6th in the entire NBA at rebounding
BRAY5150::Your an idiot check out his numbers for the last 2 season pretty impressive for a 2 year career. Does he have things to work on yes of course but if 21pts, 11reb, 3assists is over rated then I wish all the clips were over rated. Your just a hater
Amon.Goeth::*you're. You're an idiot.
GBM04::Were there any fights in this game?
igotjustasmanyringsaslebron::Hey 'lob city' hows our $@% taste back there?  -LA Lakers
eaglefred48::and hows that lost to the Suns feel....
CHOKLAHOMO::Without Kobe?
ustna::.5 games loser...  You will not win the division or the 3rd seed....
Ingramfan12::That basket should have counted. And take that Demarcus Cousins! You can't handle Blake Griffin!!!!!!
ustna::DMC couldn't do anything against Kenyon Martin or Reggie Evans either....
ustna::You Griffin and Clip haters make lol....THANKS!   You all are clueless
Ingramfan12::My boy Blake Griffin is da bomb,isn't he? Plus I loooovvveeeee CP3
jjw3456::Blake is still overrated but good game
Zared2010::lol nice comeback, that comment is honestly pathetic, you can say that about everyone if you produce no evidence or argument using factual proof than for all its worth Michael Jordan is overrated "in EVERY WAY". Lol $@%!$@%!
Ingramfan12::Now just tell me HOW he's overrated.
igotjustasmanyringsaslebron::Easy, in EVERY WAY
ustna::-_-
NBA_refs_are_weak::Im curious when the hack a blake will start. stop letting this dude on sportscenter. im telling my biggest guy to to trash him everytime he goes up to dunk. let him go shoot 40% from the line
seattleitez::Odoyle Rules!
SmokeTrees773::ANYBODY HERE
Navi8686::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWVtT8SsD98
Navi8686::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWVtT8SsD98
Antsea91::33% ft? Career high BRAVO!
HateBrass::Blake Griffin is a younger, lighter Vince Carter.  Make him shoot rather than dunk and he's Josh Smith at best.  The guy plays to the cameras too much.
jjw3456::the difference between them is when Blake dunking ability fades he will still be tall enough to develope a above verage post game
igotjustasmanyringsaslebron::Lmao really? Dude cant hit free throws but hes gonna develop a post game? Gtfoh
NBA_refs_are_weak::as much as I hate how noncompetetive VC ended up being, hes a much more well rounded player, on offense anyway. you couldnt "just make" VC shoot b/c he is a great shooter.
BRAY5150::"Great shooter" ? Do you know what the definition of great is? VC was a highlight that's it, never won anything never came close to winning anything! Stop trying to compare BG and VC they play different positions so yes you would hope a 2 or 3 guard would have a better shot than a 4.
norrismokey::can't compare a pf to a sg/sf.
kezmicdust::Keep the Griffin and Clippers hate coming guys! It's fuel.
bagofmoney_30::VINCE CARTER WAS A SUPERSTAR, GRIFFIN IS OVERATED
GeorgetownDCman::Blake Griffin is nothing like Vince Carter besides them both being good dunkers lol.
sportsguy766::Clippers are a 1st round defeat waiting to Happen. Clippers will not beat the Spurs, Lakers, OKC, Memphis, Dallas in the playoffs. Better hope they play the rockets, denver, phoenix in the 1st round.  Blake (will get exposed, no post game, no midrange jumper, can't shoot free throws. CP3 (never been past the 2nd round, too small and dribbles way too much)
BRAY5150::They've beaten every team you listed so its kinda funny to think they have no chance. I'm guessing you never watch clippers games cause Blake does have a jumper and gettig more and more consistent and what you said about cp3 is so dumb I'm not even gonna comment on it
yeahgodisgood::I found a betting system recently called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it.Thought I would post this for anyone that is looking for a betting system that actually works
Soonerhopeful1::As to the Cousins vs Griffin match ups this year....    Cousins has some talent and potential, but Griffin wins this match up, " Hands down "  !
NBA_refs_are_weak::you better show up on D if you're going to talk $@%! about a guy a day or 2 before you play him. Calls him fake and lets him go 12 for 15 for 27 points?
b.ball_player28::do clippers have cap space this summer?  maybe sign eric gordon to 6-7 million contract?
kezmicdust::He (or at least his agent) wanted a max deal - that was a reason the FO decided to put him in the CP3 trade (I believe). Still, I like EJ - I hope he rips the Lakers a new one on Monday.
areddy22::He definitely ain't worth no max deal......good move by the HO
Soonerhopeful1::yeah like that's gonna happen....  12 mil maybe will get Gordon,,,, He's a stud...!
xATLx::So this guy made an account and spammed a "fact" that wasn't even true?  The Heat went 15-67 two years after their finals run. Wade was out for a majority of that season.
TDeezy20::Don't feed the trolls bruh, They aint got no life...
PadresChargersClippers::Clippers have too many good PGs, who stays who goes in your opinions?
Vitaly Glozman::Cp3 and Eric Bledsoe are keepers
b.ball_player28::If clippers beat lakers in there division. Kobe seriously should consider to take his talent to south beach.
Soonerhopeful1::South beach has a SG in Wade....Kobe should just change Jerseys and be a Clipper....Title for sure if Kobe Joins Clippers.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::funny
Voice of Reason.::san diego?
Vitaly Glozman::hahahaha :D. that made me laugh
Vitaly Glozman::Jimmer sucks. If you agree, hit the "like" button
xenosapien::Jimmer is just too one dimensional and too streaky.  His first nine minutes were really good.  4-4, ten points.  Then 11 minutes of nothing.  He has no inside game and no defense at all.  He can get a hot hand, but he has a lot of areas that need to be developed as well.
Italics87::So basically he's a rookie who didn't have an off-season and is playing on a crappy team
Italics87::Yeah, he sucks. Every college POTY award in college, ESPY, playing in the NBA and getting good minutes for a rookie... making more money than you ever will... hot wife... what a LOSER!!!
Vitaly Glozman::well maybe, i actually don't know
Vitaly Glozman::no
Joe Raygor::Did Jimmer pee on your Wheaties or something?
Vitaly Glozman::but deep down you know that jimmer sucks
b.ball_player28::i wont hit the like button.
Joe Raygor::Does anyone know what the "magic number" is for the Clips to clinch a playoff spot?
Joe Raygor::Schedule looks mostly favorable. I like our chances.
Joe Raygor::Some good teams in there for sure, but they've shown to be beatable throughout last week.
PadresChargersClippers::Its actually pretty tough.
b.ball_player28::i think 5 or 6 more wins will locked them.
gt1master_ike::Damn if Eric Bledsoe continues playing like that he might take mo's spot in the rotation in the playoffs. CP3 and Bled makes for a nice backcourt. E B brings the speed and athleticism, Cp3 brings the ball hawking free safety D with his instincts and quick hands.
Vitaly Glozman::agreed
b.ball_player28::EVERYONE REACHHHHH LAKERS VS SUNS CONVERSATION. LAKERS FAN ARE GETTING MERKED.
Arizona Aaron::lol im there too
PadresChargersClippers::Blake Griffin's dunks usually are overrated but that 1 hand lob was niiiice, and so was the off the backboard to bledsoe!
gt1master_ike::Dude, you are so wrong. The 07 heat went 44-38. The 08 heat went 15-67
rafa1793::hey what was the record of the 2007 heat?
Joe Raygor::You'd think someone would tell us.
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Vitaly Glozman::shut up
Slim_Greaser_310::did you get this off the Mavs/Grizz board?
Slim_Greaser_310::haha same here, ill keep a eye out for you.
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::ahahahahahaha yes. Can't wait to make fun of heat fans when they play
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER
CDH11153::Here is the top 12 picks from the draft and their mpg and ppg......Looks like Jimmer isn't the only one struggling.....  1	Cavaliers	Kyrie Irving	PG31.4mpg 18.8ppg 2.	Timberwolves	Derrick Williams 21.9 mpg 8.9 ppg	PF 3.	Jazz	Enes Kanter	C 13.2 mpg 4.5 ppg 4.	Cavaliers	Tristan Thompson	PF22.7mpg 7.8ppg 5.	Raptors	Jonas Valanciunas	C 6.	Wizards	Jan Vesely	SF 17.4 mpg 4.0 ppg 7.	Kings	Bismack Biyombo	PF 20.9 mpg 4.8 ppg 8.	Pistons	Brandon Knight	PG 32.6 mpg 12.5 ppg 9.	Bobcats	Kemba Walker	PG 27mpg 12.3 ppg 10.	Bucks	Jimmer Fredette	PG 18.1 mpg 7.1 ppg 11.	Warriors	Klay Thompson	SG 21.8 mpg 10.8 ppg 12.	Jazz	Alec Burks	SG 15.7 mpg 7 ppg
CDH11153::Uh did you look at the stats..... He gets 10 more mpg then Jimmer....... And scores 5 more per game..... I wouldn't say for sure....... that is  for sure
Vitaly Glozman::He's better than Jimmer, thats for sure
CDH11153::I think Kemba is going to be a good player in the league...... Just needs some time..... Like alot of the others in the top 12
bagofmoney_30::KEMBA WALKER SUCKS
CDH11153::I have been saying that all year
Joe Raygor::They had no training camp. I can cut them some slack.
ArtieSullivan::Hey Lakers fans ... i got some dry wall to plaster ... you bailing all a sudden?  AHAHHA
brock n bryce::Jimmer played pretty well at least...
Vitaly Glozman::no! Jimmer can suck his on white as$ dick! Mutherfucr
brock n bryce::you shut up $@%!
Vitaly Glozman::shut up
ArtieSullivan::Blake Griffin just retorted Cousins ... sit the %$#% down kid and I'll show you how to play
nbahawksfan2::whos winning defensive player of the year? i think tony allen should
b.ball_player28::alright, its time to go to the Lakers vs suns conversation. trolll a bit on some faker fans. Lets go.
Joe Raygor::Nah, I'll just be happy my team won. Have fun though.
