Commenter::Big Al missed a 4' and a 6' shot in the last minute.  Just like last night when those couple clutch shots needed to go down to stay with the Pacers.  Seeing some positives from the Bobcats, hoping this year is like the Panthers last year where the close ones did not go our way and next year the squad moves into the upper tier of the conference.  Bobcats bigs with Jefferson, McRoberts, Zeller and Biyombo starting to look like a real NBA crew.  Biyombo providing efficient numbers in his reduced role - 8 pts, 6 boards, a block and a steal in 18 minutes is good for bench role player.
clint::Walker shoots 10-13, and double his ast to 8, somebody didn't do his job on defense?
laker fan 1989::Love listening to Swaggie P aka Nick Young in his post game interview, dude talks like he's high on weed most of the time. Funny as F. He's my new favorite Laker.
James::did not see this game but looking at the box score D'Antoni understands that he has to play Gasol and Hill in order to be successful. I like the fact that this year that they have Nick and Xavier coming off the bench. They have to push the ball, both starting five and second unit but the first unit can not be shooting 3's unless it's off Gasol double downs or trapping Kobe on one on one moves. They also need Lamar Odom to play the 3 and 4 on first and second units. A healthy Kaman would also be good.
David::It looks like the Lakers are anxious to put a W up on the board after many losses. The Bobcats are going to have to put a lot of effort out in the 2nd half, if they want to win the game. They are younger and healthier; and they have a point guard. I hope they don't wait until the end of the game to try to take control of the game. The Lakers have been champions many times. They probably still have enough left to outduel the Bobcats for a few minutes. With a good effort for the whole half, the Bobcats should win.
Smarter than you and more realistic!::Kobe Bryant is the most underrated passer ever!
CRAWDAD::LA, get a football team, so you can be a big city again!  It's embarrassing, but you would rather root unconditionally for your Lakers and the d-bag phony tough guy, that is Kobe.  Always, and I mean always, defending him to the end.  The face of LA sports...Kobe Bryant.  LOL, Yours!!!
russells::It's good to see Kobe emerging from his re-habitat and settle into his hoops habitat.
Larry::Bobcats WIN!!! Hey , on a serious note, I am objective.. I do NOT claim to be an NBA expert-as I mentioned, I don;t follow it that closely since MJ left the Bulls. But I did see a lot of basketball from 1960-2005 and respected the great Lakers players and teams. I was elated when the Bulls manhandled them in 91- that was a pretty good Lakers team and anyone who saw that series has to respect MJ as probably the best to ever play- the rest of the decade proved it. The product you have now disgraces your franchise. I have watched a few games and really do NOT see players that you can build on so that you will be better anytime in the near future. Dantoni coaches run and gun- no defense- worked to some extent on Phoenix, was disastrous on the Knicks- he isNOT a good coach- he does not emphasize defense and that wins in the playoffs. You need players and everyone is NOT running to the Lakers these days. You have to rebuild through the draft- you need a PF and a guard at a minimum. Upgrade on Gasol might be nice. Your team and coach is common now. Don;t know much about how Buss operates..... but he is no Jerry West. Is Kupchak still your GM?????    If he has any power, better decisions must be made. Though I dislike your team, it is more fun when you are competitive. Right now, you are NOT and stop blaming Kobe for everything- he is still your best player- don;t give me BS about having a half decent record without him.  Sit Kobe every game- you won;t win 30 games this season! 80% of your roster could NOT even make the rosters of top teams- maybe a few as the last roster player!
Tokodi::There is a time for everything, and a season for every activity. Lakers has had  many good time in NBA and in LA; actually is not our time. I cannot blame nobody. The team is in transition with the young and athletic good players. They have a wonderful future in LA. My advise just focus to work hard. For now, let the others to enjoy. We'll get back soon. Go,go, go Lakers.
