Belicheat::Its time for Mike Woodson to give more PT to Timmy. If it has to take away PT from Shump well so be it.  Because when this kid gets his minutes, he plays hard.  And he is a better scorer than JR by taking High IQ hots while JR does his one dribble step back from 20 feet and brick it like 70% of the time.  ANd get off Melo nuts haters, only idiots like you dont look at other people on his team.  He had a great game, people forget that getting rebound is part of hustling and defense.  He is avg 9.1 on the boards meaning he is hustling his A(Z)Z() off to get boards.  He is hustling to Offense boards.  Dude has a mindset if Chandler is out, I must grab rebounds and he is doing that.   But no lets blame him for everything and not look at his teammates who are playing like garbage.  Tyson Chandler im going to excuse for now because he just came back from injury and he needs to get his stamina back. But shump on offense is 6 for 42 for the past 5 games avg 3.4 points per game, JR Smith even though he had a good game today he will have more bad than good. Bargnani scored 3 points today.  Beno scored 4 but lets ignore that.  Tim Hardaway need his minutes because right now he is better than JR and Shump.  Mike Woodson need to take minutes away from somebody and give to Tim Hardaway.
Peter::Another loss for the Knicks, another 30 points game for Melo, another clueless Woodson wild rotation of players. This Knicks team is so bad, it needs to rebuild. Signing bunch of unless, low efficient players doomed the Knicks for day one. How many Knicks players are shooting more than 45% field goal and how many are consistently going to the free throw line? JR Smith is biggest joke of all these ridiculous Knicks, his field goal percentage is awful and all he could do was jacking low percentage 3 point shoot. How is this joker worth $25 million dollars for three year? We want Jeremy Lin back to save the season.
Vartino C::The New York Knicks are a bad team this year. They overachieved last year with a group not here anymore. The window that was slightly opened last year has closed. Again I am a Knick fan, not a fan necessarily of players. If Melo is such "bad" and "selfish" player, he would not be commanding a salary of excess of 20 to 30 million per year. He is one of the best finishers in the league. That is his game. The garbage trolls and haters bring here.is nauseating. He will not and cannot play ala Magic or Lebron...not his game.   Bring something new or more insightful PLEASE !!! NY can't win because they STINK.. A total team failure. Top to bottom.
Andy::If i was the coach i would bench Carmelo Anthony till the 4th QUARTER , if the game is close put him in and tell him get us a win down 6 or up 6  five to seven minutes left earn your money Melo.
Sam::Carmelo is a coach KILLER.One good year with every coach.George Karl ,Mike Dantoni, and now Woodson THE FIRST YEAR WITH ALL OF THESE COACHES WERE Great after that sub par. Coach fired or player traded
poorpple::Boy, Iman Shumpert is really shooting poorly lately.  In his past 8 games, he made 6 out of 42, or shooting 14%!   What do they do for practice?
Philip C::Knickerbockers suck.
Jersey Boy::The NY Chump Chucker's torched again at home. Would you expect anything better with a fool for an owner, incompetent management, who capped the team out & gave away its future by trading away its draft picks & finally compiling a collection of misfit players. Loving every minute of this train wreck.
creep::Things just not looking good for the Knickerbockers. Seems as though their knickerbockers are falling down.
bobzilla::Problems with this team start at the very top and flow downhill from their. If ownership doesn't change hands at some point things will never improve. Sadly, probably not in my lifetime.
