Rickvaughn2181::the grizzlies will continue losing tonight when they take on the heat guaranteed! and if u wanna know why im so cocky check out my blog and u will learn! http://nbawagers.com/2012/04/betting-strategies-for-the-memphis-grizzlies-at-miami-heat/
1DALLASCHIC::BALL so hard !!!
DeeWig41::Good win Mavs, way to get on those boards
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
lamriverside11::ramon sessions vs CP3!!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDXdnZpxqQ4
Reality_And_Truth::The Lakers are done...they look old and slow.....Kobe has one his last Championship in LA....one and done in the playoffs again this year....
lamriverside11::Kobe Bryant Lights up the Clippers for 31 Points IS HE BACKK?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLir2enNEnM
Reality_And_Truth::Kobe Bryant is a Rapist and should be in Jail today in Eagle, Colorado.......
rbgman7::The Grizz would have KO'd the Mavs if they were'nt playing a back to back!
aarondontcare::no excuses, rbgman. Mavs played 9 games in 12 games this season.
aarondontcare::* 9 games in 12 days
millerave::And the Mavericks would have a better record if they had Jordan.
lamriverside11::the black mamba is BACK!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zveicCrFSNk
rbgman7::Kill Bill 3 is out ????, I gotta pick that $@%! up....
Reality_And_Truth::Kobe Bryant is a Rapist and should be in Jail Today in Eagle, Colorado...
black people will take over the world i promise you::PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCMENT: You need to realize the threat black people have on us, they are unstoppable if used correctly, they can shut down water supply, they can kill our children, its really bad people! look at the slavery times, the black people adapted to the whether! it was hot as hell but they survived! howd they do it? i believe it is because black people are a hybrid from gorillas, they have the features of gorillas and the strength of gorillas and they have the traits! the world will end due to black people, black people will kill us all because black people have a ridiculous amount of resources! these blacks need to be stopped!~ NOW
Antsea91::I believe black people are the descendents of waffles. WAFFLE TIME~
balltillifall_88::white people came from apes too... ;)
balltillifall_88::for anyone who wants to see tony allens injury, he posted it on his twitter (or yfrog?) account:  http://yfrog.com/user/aa000G9/profile  that is one HELL of a booboo...
Lin-significant::SHUT IT DOWN! LET'S GO HOME!....oh wait am I late?
gorman2k::The article says Haywood fouled Tony Allen hard, causing him to bleed on the court.  This is not true.  In fact, Mayo was fouled (not too hard), and Mayo inadvertently hit Allen in the face with his off hand, causing Allen's injury.  Poor Brendan always getting accused.
dbboiser::marion looks like a shaolin to me.
cp3andcompany::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
so3icy::If the season ended today, who would be MVP? the answer here: http://thenaykedtruth.blogspot.com/2012/04/nba-mvp-and-winner-is.html
zipitedodaz9::thats what dirk does
Champlicious41::A "come-from-behind" Victory! Their Defense rocked in the 4th Q. Good game Mavs!
Spursdc::Alot of big games today
TezzyBaby64::yeah, the nba put together some pretty good games tonight.
TezzyBaby64::Good game Mavericks
Hogphan919::Coach...take it from a magic fan...leave Gilbert on the bench.  He is NO help.
balltillifall_88::i love the fact that we signed arenas and took a chance on this. there is no risk. and the last time we "took a chance" on a "troubled player with a bad reputation" we got mr. first name 20 last name 10. and he carried us in the playoffs last year. i think gilbert will do good things for us this postseason.
balltillifall_88::maybe coach panic didnt know how to handle him? lol.
royboy1978::Yep.
balltillifall_88::well he has helped us tremendously in the past 3 games...
AndyTobo::Not that it matters much, but the recap is inaccurate when it says that Tony Allen left the game after a hard foul by Haywood. OJ Mayo was fouled--not all that hard--by Haywood, and it was Mayo's arm that hit Tony.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::"Punches were thrown" - Lionel Hollins
zipitedodaz9::mustard &gt; mayo
88bobalicious::good game by Trix.  As long as either Trix or Vince plays well, the Mavs have a chance of beating anyone.  Love their 2nd unit
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Grizzlies lebroned the 4th quarter
zipitedodaz9::ha.
royboy1978::Seems like Fed Ex is helping Dallas out with the recent tornado that crippled parts of the city according to the news.    Where's Fed Ex based in?  That's right Memphis.  Be gratetful for the City of Memphis and Fed Ex Dallas, TX
333MGM333::Looks like Memphis should be grateful Dallas only beat them by 10 points.  You're welcome.
333MGM333::LOL ! Talk about lame.  I like how you're counting games from last season ?!?!  Unless there's a problem with the Memphis Educational system.  (Unable to count?)  This is only the 2nd time the Mavs have played the Grizzlies THIS season. But you were right about one thing, the Grizzlies deserved to lose tonight.
balltillifall_88::and that was even lamer. lol. its ok, i guess the mavs deserve 1 win against us out of the last 4...
333MGM333::I agree, the Grizzlies performance tonight was lame. LOL !!!
balltillifall_88::lol that was lame...
TezzyBaby64::Nawl  I stay in Arlington. Down the street from Cowboy stadium. What do that got to do with anything .
royboy1978::Simple little typo.  It happens.
zipitedodaz9::z-bo owns
TezzyBaby64::Oh and Mr. Royboy. You misspelled to. You wrote "too" meaning also
balltillifall_88::lol but the guy who said it wasnt even the guy who mentioned the tornados. and on top of that there were no "tornado jokes" by ANYBODY.  are you following this? lol
TezzyBaby64::IT WAS STILL SAID, WRITTEN, OR WHATEVER YOU WANT TO CALL IT. I read very good.
royboy1978::There's obviously a reading comprehension problem amongst Dallas fans.
balltillifall_88::the guy who said you stay in the ghetto wasnt even the guy that mentioned the tornados and created this post...
TezzyBaby64::dude said "dam you stay in the ghetto". go back and read. Oh know it's my fault
balltillifall_88::damn "TezzBaby64", grow the hell up. dude didnt even make any tornado jokes, if anything he was referring to how serious it was you freakin moron. and why the hell would you say stuff like "we dont need yalls help" when another state (my great state of TN) is tryin to help? grow up
TezzyBaby64::Oh and my homeboy little girl daycare was crushed by that tornado, so chill with the tornado jokes.
royboy1978::There's obviously a problem with the Dallas educational system because none of you can't read.  I said be grateful for the city of Memphis and Fed Ex for offering any assistance to help the city of Dallas and the surrounding cities during this tragic time.
German Moses41::we should be gratefu for the tornados???? thats what you said
royboy1978::You obviously don't know how to read.  Where did my comment mention anything about me joking about the tornado???
bennyg82::damn u live in the ghetto
TezzyBaby64::what do that got to do with anything.  And whoever liked this $@%! is a $@%!$
royboy1978::Who are you talking too?
TezzyBaby64::Dude Dallas don't need y'all help. I work for FedEx in Dallas. 1 1/2 mile away from the Flying J in Oak Cliff that got tore up.
TezzyBaby64::That's why it's only 1 Flying J in Dallas. How many AT&amp;T's or Exxon/Mobiles, JcPenny's, Neiman Marcus in yo city
badcooky81::Flying J is also a Tennessee company.
royboy1978::Well Fed Ex is helping the victims and its a good thing.  Don't ever say that you don't need help when given to you.
zipitedodaz9::z-bo owns
zipitedodaz9::dude chill with the tornado talk... that was crazy down here
royboy1978::Nope.
bennyg82::ups&gt;fedex
royboy1978::I'm not saying anything out of line.  All I'm saying is that be careful when trying to downtalk someone else or their city because you never know when you made need their help.
Nathanater24::Jim Carrey &gt; Rick Carlisle
zipitedodaz9::thats what dirk does
Chompster777::city of san antonio &gt; dirk
I3UTTON::F.uck SA
TezzyBaby64::stop making excuses
bennyg82::san antonio is full of cholos and has a stinky river, fact.
FanofTexas28::I know. I edited it. Don't know what I was thinking.
zipitedodaz9::i got ya
FanofTexas28::Haha, double double. My bad.
FanofTexas28::He had a double double. You picked the wrong game to troll Dirk.
zipitedodaz9::u said triple double 1st ha... just saying
balltillifall_88::wow, a double double. i mean, a double double is good, but nothing to brag about...
zipitedodaz9::only 2 assists...
zipitedodaz9::how so?
zipitedodaz9::dont know what that means... but SA has a great team for sure
zipitedodaz9::well z-bo owns..
Chompster777::some mavs fans were saying memphis &lt; dirk, so i said this
balltillifall_88::well, i was wrong about thinking fatigue wouldnt be a huge factor tonight. we played great through 3 quarters but just didnt have the energy to keep the lead. and when tony allen went to the locker room it seems like we just completely lost our energy. oh well, you beat OKC, then come back from a 12 point 4th quarter deficit, then play dallas on their home floor. thats a tough back to back to back for anybody. i really hope z-bo starts to come around soon and get back into game form, we dont have much longer to build chemistry with him on the court.  and PS, everybody needs to shut the F U C K up about the grizz not covering tonight. nobody gives a s h i t about your gambling.
royboy1978::Grizz will be fine.  Seeding don't matter in the playoffs.  We proved that last year.
royboy1978::Z-Bo aint 100% from his injury.
zipitedodaz9::yeah damn... hes a great player
zipitedodaz9::around to world around to around to world around to world
zipitedodaz9::damn wish z-bo played better....
balltillifall_88::i really think he will be back into shape by the time playoffs start. what sucked is he said he had his best off season workout of his career this year working out with a college all off season. then he gets injured and it all goes down the drain.
German Moses41::would of been a better game to watch
zipitedodaz9::yeah.
Brian7740::Mavs were minus 11 when Lamar Scrotum was is the game. Nuff said!
dallasmavs258::SEX
MavsNation92::Saturday will decide the tie breaker. One out of these 2 teams will get the 4th seed in my opinion
zipitedodaz9::COWBOYS FAN 1982 IS A BEEEEEEEEEEEEETCH
royboy1978::No shame in our game.  We just played our 3rd game in a row.  We had a lead, but just didn't keep up with the momentum.    Next opponent, the Heat in South Beach and then the revenge game on Saturday night.
emthomasjr::Hopefully TA is back and in full effect too.
German Moses41::haha back to back games are part of playing in the league. lets see how the grizz handle the playoffs
balltillifall_88::back to back to back *  and no, they usually arent a part of playing in the league. just so you know. i can be happy with us going 2-1 with the thunder being one of the games.
zipitedodaz9::YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
emthomasjr::The defending champs pull even with us in the standings due to a late run in the 4th quarter on the tail end of the back to back to back for us on their home court. Can't be mad.  Decent effort, just ran out of gas.  Saturday is the tail end of a back to back again, 5 games in 6 days, but there will be better execution and a different outcome.  GG, see y'all Saturday.
dallasmavs258::i'm going to celebrate easter by eating a big juicy steak on friday night
royboy1978::Enjoy your steak because the Grizz are going to take the Mavs to the glue factory on Satuday night.
royboy1978::Unless you like to eat a horse instead of a cow.
dallasmavs258::is that supposed to scare me
German Moses41::Hahahaha i should say something about that. but we just beat the grizz so i think that speaks for its self
German Moses41::The mavs can ball when they feel like it
Snakes_::http://i.imgur.com/kV0LJ.gif
xtreme1002003::You Grizz suck. Blow up with the lead and don't even cover +6.
FanofTexas28::Not their fault you're a crappy better.
wiqdgato::DIRK +20 GAMECHANGER
FanofTexas28::Haha weren't the T'Wolves up like 20 earlier?
zipitedodaz9::classic dirk.. 23 points 10 rebounds...
FanofTexas28::Pretty good for being "washed up".
mavsyescowboysno::dirk got a double double with that last rebound.nice
DynastyinBigD::Portland is next
wreckem tech101::GG Grizz catch ya at the next one
yosellindreams::When Allen went out the game changed and i hope he is ok we're gonna need him come playoffs
royboy1978::TA should be fine.  He's a tough cookie.
balltillifall_88::this is true. but if he cant see then there is nothing he can do about that lol. but when he was walking off it looked to me like the trainer was holding the towel more in front of his nose than eye.
balltillifall_88::i agree. conley was about to go on his minute or 2 rest too and couldnt. our energy completely dropped after tony went to the locker room. he is one of the most important players we have.
zipitedodaz9::whos next?
wreckem tech101::Portland i think
FanofTexas28::Portland on Friday.
zipitedodaz9::what cowboys?
Cowboys Fan_I982::he's a fake
