Beanslams46::ANOTHER OFFICIALLY SCAMMED GAME! The Pistons with 24 penalty fouls to the heat's only 14. -- My, my, the heat must be so finesse compared to every  team they play. The penalty fouls are always in their favor, which means the officials have been taking the ball out of heat's opponents' hands and HANDING it to the heat during this asterisk streak*. With that kind of help, any team is unstoppable.
ESPN just wrote another article I dont care about::"I could build a house with all of LeBron's 4th quarter bricks"  -Jordan
Biggest Troll Ever. Haters You Mad::*makes
ESPN just wrote another article I dont care about::^^^^
ESPN just wrote another article I dont care about::Flaggot
Biggest Troll Ever. Haters You Mad::Flagged
Biggest Troll Ever. Haters You Mad::This comment will receive 1 like
ESPN just wrote another article I dont care about::Nope it has 2 now you suck at life and should die
Biggest Troll Ever. Haters You Mad::Nope 1 hahahaha joke's on u
ESPN just wrote another article I dont care about::Nope 2 HAHA
Biggest Troll Ever. Haters You Mad::Wow there are so many people here its crazy
Beanslams46::people know a phony win streak when they see one.
ESPN just wrote another article I dont care about::I know right. It's annoying
Biggest Troll Ever. Haters You Mad::LeBron &gt; Jordan
ESPN just wrote another article I dont care about::Said all scrubs ever
ESPN just wrote another article I dont care about::hello
milw-jay::" 25 games in a row is a nice streak.  Lets see the Heat win 141 regular season games over 2 seasons like I did, then I'll be impressed. "     -  Michael Jordan
Granny_Danger33::Manage the worst team in NBA history percentage wise and consider a rapist a better player for riding Shaq and Phil to his championships. -"Shut your mouth than I will take you seriously" -Jordan's microscopic conscience/basketball IQ to himself
FeFyeFoeRun::Heat &gt; Pacers! <b>FACT!</b>
FeFyeFoeRun::MJ played against Soft or Has Been Competition! <b>FACT!</b>
swilyboi::Wrong !!! To bad your too young to know !
Rob_Gronkkkkkkk::Yes back at it!!!!!!
Jubin3567::“I’m going for the championship every time,” Bosh said. “You don’t get a plaque, a ring or nothing for 34 wins in a row. You get a record that’ll probably be broken one day. Records are meant to be broken. But championships last forever. As a team, we know that. Somebody was telling me it would be way cooler to win 33 in a row. I’m like, ‘Man, please. Get out of here with that.’ They won’t be throwing confetti after [34]. I’ll guaran-damn-tee you that.” ====================================== Give me Bosh over anybody else. Except maybe Kyrie Irving.
likeAkite::Quit saying we have 3 superstars.  Bosh is a mediocre NBA player at best.  It's a 2 man game with the Heat, and that says just how bad your favorite team is
84 was a good draft::Mediocre? Bosh is an elite player who stretches the floor and is an incredible pick and roll defender. Look at his stats, they're the worst since his rookie year and even still they are way above what the norm is for a "mediocre" player. He has perennial all-star caliber PER and Win Shares.  Lebron fans seem to think it cheapens Lebron's efforts if they admit the guy has a lot of help. It doesn't, Lebron is still the best.
Jessica_McHottie::What's gonna die first?    Lil'Wayne    or  Heat's Streak
likeAkite::Didn't Weezy die awhile ago?  No wait that was his music
Jessica_McHottie::LeBron James is the most pompous, arrogant, $@% athlete since the likes of Pete Rose.
likeAkite::you don't know $@%! about Pete so keep his name out your mouth too trick
likeAkite::get back in the kitchen
.Inuyasha.::Michael Jordan*
Zundweebi::His dingle berries would beat you in every aspect of life.
Dj3garrett::Haha I'm not one to argue and you might be right about your comment, but... You're on a conversation board talking about another grown man and how much you're better than him... You don't find that odd?
Jessica_McHottie::nice try but... WRONG!  beside hoops, a few other sports and being an overpaid monkey.. he doesn't have anything on me to be 100% honest.
digimon.emperor::i hate self-likers
likeAkite::deuschbag
Heat Haters United::This dude too mad lol
likeAkite::you're a $@%!
Heat Haters United::you should hate the heat then  I'm sure they like they self
digimon.emperor::grab your computer, go to the nearest cliff throw your computer off then throw yourself off
Heat Haters United::I think gambling/corruption is hurting the NBA a lot  Not only do players gamble but the refs too  Most likely some kind of mafia gambling too and putting they money towards the heat because any one thats a threat to the heat ends up injured and once lil wayne said something about the heat, he had a seizure lol.
likeAkite::change your name to:  Uneducated Haters United
fsosa02::wait for it....
THESPURSWILLNEVERWINANOTHERCHAMPIONSHIP::Like if you accept the reality that the Heat are better than the Spurs. Comment it you are in denial.
JCDish::4 NBA championships since 1999 ... That´s reality
JCDish::15 straight years making it to the playoffs, That´s reality
JCDish::It was commented a few weeks back on these boards that the Spurs bench can compete with the Heat starting 5.  That´s reality
JCDish::That´s reality
JCDish::I accept that the Heat MAYBE is a better team athletically, BUT not in the coaching department nor in team administration smarts. The Heat only benefit from having 3 star NBA players bro, the Spurs year in and year out are a playoff worthy squad on making smart decisions in the front office and in coaching. Nough said.
likeAkite::we have 2 quit calling Bosh a star
RockNRollRebel1987::Since I am here for my monthly NBA post has anything gone on other than hearing about Miami and Denver being the greatest things since sliced bread? If not then its time to go back to the NFL and NHL boards
d_gio12::You can knock the Heat...that seems to be the flavor of the day. Just be sure to put a smiley face at the end of your comment and like your own post.
Team_Obliterator::I like my own comments.
Heat Haters United::me 2, its fun to see heat fans get mad when I like my own comments :)  +1 everytime a heat fan get mad
d_gio12::You also use smiley faces. Very cool...
Team_Obliterator::Who had Florida Gulf Coast last night?
Team_Obliterator::FGC alums or students probably.
digimon.emperor::2.3% of brackets
digimon.emperor::what would happen to people's brackets if louisville loses today
Major Factuh::I would be sittin' pretty
Jerome Quidd::I would be fu.cked
Anaxagoran::"like" if you think Jessica McHottie is the biggest moron on this board and should go back to the kitchen.
digimon.emperor::she made womens rights go back 100 years
Anaxagoran::Obviously you haven't been on the board long or you're her fat boyfriend
Team_Obliterator::Oh you said "like"..."flagged" you on accident.
ATownBrown08::If you're not a Heat/LeBron fan or a delusional Celtics/Bulls fan, what is the point of watching any of the Eastern playoffs?
Heat Haters United::I think the nba is the most corrupted league of them all
cantweallgetalong85::What's the point of watching the nba in general?  worst league in the world
Anaxagoran::Nope, its pretty bad.
cantweallgetalong85::you gotta be kidding
Anaxagoran::I would rank the MLB as worse
DarkHollow81::Lebron and wade share a p.e.nis pump
LETS SEE THEM BIG OL TlTTIES::Ouch that really hurts their feelings I bet...
Heat Haters United::I have a box fro, I will defend the heat 24/7 with no breaks.  lol who am I?
Heat Haters United::ok, you can be Umoron if you like, that's your decision lol
digimon.emperor::nice of you to like your own comment
Heat Haters United::No It's brandonleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee with the heat lol
digimon.emperor::im an idiot that trolls heat boards. who am i
digimon.emperor::no im u moron
Heat Haters United::you are brandonlee
Thejeforsfg::heat 23-5 vs west .821%.     . 30-9 vs east .775% Spurs 30-12 vs west .714%   23-4 vs east .851% OKC  33-12 vs West .733%.  18-7 vs east .720% Den   31-11 vs west.  ..738%. 17-11 vs east .607% Lakers 19-22 vs west . .463%. 17-12 vs East .586%  So the Heat own the west, the spurs own the east.... OKC and nuggets worse vs east. Lakers the worst. This of course will mean nothing to anybody who cares about reality.
ATownBrown08::So what you're saying is... if you are not a Heat or LeBron fan/admirer, there is no reason to watch the playoffs?
d_gio12::Or a Spurs fan.
Yup I am here.::killin' em
Jerome Quidd::Windy City Assassin ;)
digimon.emperor::bill gates is giving out 100,000 $ to the next person to invent a next-gen condom
DarkHollow81::Heat championships don't even count and won't be remembered.  Why did Lebron go to that crappy basketball city like that.  The  championships count more in LA , New York, Boston, Chicago,Dallas heck even Oklahoma City.  If Lebron ever won In New York it would be remembered forever.  What a horrible decision to go there, unlikable franchise
DarkHollow81::Yeah sometimes the truth sounds stupid
Mambaholic 33::Sometimes stupid is all that's left....congrads winner!
Mambaholic 33::Sometimes stupid is the only thing left
Jessev1823::no, its not objective. This is trolling or pure hate. Heat and lakers are teams liked internationally. Even though other people like you might not like the heat, they to championships.Wade jerseys has always sold well. lebron jerseys in miami sell well. alot of people dont like boston and they have only won once since the heat have been in the league for example. before their big three came together they did not even have good attendance.
LETS SEE THEM BIG OL TlTTIES::DAntoni is the reason he didn't go to New York.
Jessev1823::I think that is a stupid statement.
ATownBrown08::I think at this point, the NBA and the sports media are just giving OKC and SA "contender" titles just to get people hyped up for the playoffs. There's no reason to call them contenders when compared to Miami.
cantweallgetalong85::Dwayne Wade has an actual full season championship ring, props to him.  Does anyone else on the team have a full season championship ring?
LETS SEE THEM BIG OL TlTTIES::And since when does it matter? Still have to win 16 games to win a title in today's NBA playoffs.
d_gio12::cantweallgetalong85 - How many full season championship rings does lebron have?? Might as well have won an arena football league title  Why is that?  Last season didn't count because...?
cantweallgetalong85::How many full season championship rings does lebron have??  Might as well have won an arena football league title
LETS SEE THEM BIG OL TlTTIES::Sounds like you're the only one.
cantweallgetalong85::It matters,  asterisk what??
brandonlee561heat22::Yep
LETS SEE THEM BIG OL TlTTIES::Ray Allen?
Jessica_McHottie::SUPER FUN FACT: (basically the case closer) The only time the USA Men's Basketball Team did not win gold since sending an all NBA player comprised team was in 2004 when the team was lead by "SUPERSTAR Lebron James"    This guy cant win titles with a team full of allstars! MJ or Kobe ever win a Bronze medal????     NO WAY.
Cvega9652::i do believe the captain of that team was tim duncan and how the hell did lebron even lead that team, when it was his first year in the NBA he didnt have any say back then he was a rookie
LETS SEE THEM BIG OL TlTTIES::LeBron, Wade and Melo did not play much on that team. Was led by guys like Marbury and Duncan.
d_gio12::Yeah, Iverson also.
d_gio12::What "case" does that close?  You are the biggest idoit on here.  You contradicted your post when you said..."a team full of allstars"  Just stop it.
Anaxagoran::You do know that LeBron won a ring last year right?
Anaxagoran::Jessica_McHottie - last 'half' year... yea.  Each team had just as much of a chance to win a ring as they did.  Invalid argument
Jessica_McHottie::last 'half' year... yea.
Double..Cheese--::Lebron probably can't even eat 13 double cheeses like me... what a loser
Anaxagoran::26 pieces of cheese?
All of the good nicknames were taken2::In all honesty, LBJ is a great guy and good ambassador for the game. He just isn't the cold-blooded asassin that MJ was. It's not his fault, really.
d_gio12::He has potential to be.  With the shot at Cleveland him staring at the crowd and keeping the follow through and then doing the King Stomp...He will become a killer.
d_gio12::Same thing with the Celtic game.
Paul Pierce Owns the Knicks Souls::let's just not compare them because they're completely different players that are great in their own way.
LETS SEE THEM BIG OL TlTTIES::I honestly think last season being injured so much before nearly destroying his knee in the playoffs was a wake up call to DRose. He always wanted to drive the lane and play as hard as LeBron but doesn't have the body to do it. When he finally does return I'm predicting he'll either be half the player he was or he'll go back to being DRose and retire by 30.
Heat Haters United::(Marion) 21 points 12 rebounds 2 blocks 52 Fg% &gt; (Lebron) 27 7 and 7
Paul Pierce Owns the Knicks Souls::i'm glad i didn't watch the celtics game last night.
Jerome Quidd::You still on here?
brandonlee561heat22::Of course, he already has said he can't stop thinking about Miami 24/7. He has got Miami in the brain all the time.
Heat Haters United::nope Left and came back and notice you still on here though  pretty funny lol  Plus dude with the box hair still here
Jessev1823::"The Heat have other factors in their favor, as well. For one thing, the franchise has not used the amnesty provision yet. If the Heat decide to release Miller this summer, as is expected, they can reduce their tax burden for 2014-15 by perhaps as much as $10 million.  In that case, their books will be in very good shape overall. Other than Miller, they don't have a bad contract.  With Miami's popularity as a destination, and with LeBron and his superstar teammates as a draw, the Heat can continue to appeal to free agents willing to take less money to join up -- just as Ray Allen did in 2012. As LeBron evaluates his options, that might help keep him in Miami, as well, knowing he can stay there and bring in teammates ready to make future title runs."
All of the good nicknames were taken2::Lebron won't re-sign with the Heat.
Jerome Quidd::The Heat cover empty playoff seats with white sheets.
.Inuyasha.::Whats up glass knee.
Jessev1823::what a troll
LETS SEE THEM BIG OL TlTTIES::Don't worry I'm sure DRose will return in 2020.
Jerome Quidd::;) 2014
DarkHollow81::Bird was the best player as far as making the most of his abilities.  We will probably never see a white player dominate like he did ever again. Don't compare dirk, he's no bird
Double..Cheese--::luc Longley is the best ever
Jaiirushawkins::Dirk is great though too.
Anaxagoran::Can only compare shooting abilities between them, but thats it.
LETS SEE THEM BIG OL TlTTIES::I think only Dallas people try to say Dirk is in Bird's class. No real NBA fans do.
ATownBrown08::The playoffs would be so much better if there were more than 1 competitive team out of the 16 that enter.
Jaiirushawkins::OKC, Spurs and Heat. After that it's just the teams that we all know won't make it.
ATownBrown08::3 out of 16 is still a horrible ratio.
Anaxagoran::Jessica McHottie is the name of a fat girl
LETS SEE THEM BIG OL TlTTIES::Heard fat chicks give the best BJ's though. They have to over compensate on something.
footballmaven97::Ya i gotta BJ for a thick chick, she could suck the nail outta casket lol
Anaxagoran::I think I'll pass, I can't stand being engulfed in rolls during my bj's
Jaiirushawkins::The playoffs would be so much better if they let east and west play each other.
Yup I am here.::Yeah i forgot. The travel would be hectic at best
footballmaven97::lol
Yup I am here.::They do... In the NBA Finals
ATownBrown08::Which will now be embarrassing now that the Heat are who they are now.
Yup I am here.::Oh, kinda like College?  I would not mind that
LETS SEE THEM BIG OL TlTTIES::Travel for 2 months would be a huge hassle.
Jaiirushawkins::Through all three rounds though. Not just the Finals.
ATownBrown08::So let's talk about the Heat's next "opponent" on Sunday, the Bobcats.  Why do the Bobcats still exist? I know MJ owns them, but still. They're an embarrassment to the league and have been rebuilding since they were created. Why not just contract them along with 5 other teams in the East?
All of the good nicknames were taken2::OKC wouldn't exist in a 24 team league. Say what you want about them, but what they've done in a small market in a short amount of time is impressive. It's good to see the San Antonios and OKCs of the world do well in a big market driven league.
ATownBrown08::Yeah they would. Seattle/Sacramento/GS would be consolidated into one team in one of those cities.
LETS SEE THEM BIG OL TlTTIES::League was better in the 80s with 24 teams anyway.
ATownBrown08::Exactly. 24 teams is the max the NBA should have. I'd honestly say 20, but 24 would be fine.
brandonlee561heat22::Sounds good to me.
LETS SEE THEM BIG OL TlTTIES::Can't rebuild what you don't have. They're still an "expansion" team.
DarkHollow81::Come playoff time I hope bosh lays an egg. (Those Dino eggs are rare)
Double..Cheese--::6th Man Award Candidates    Jamal Crawford(Clippers)  J.R Smith (Knicks)  Refs (Heats)
Jessev1823::11th in the league in FT attempts. try again
Yup I am here.::the Heat are 11th in the NBA when it comes to free throws.  Next?
All of the good nicknames were taken2::Double-teamed, apathetic teammates twiddling thumbs while watching you ball hog for 38 minutes a game. Then publicly ridiculing teammates after the game and getting your knob polished by the media for how great of a "competitor" you are. The Kobe system.
footballmaven97::Lebron's the main attraction he leaves the heat's marketability shrinks all respects to Pat Riley
Jaiirushawkins::I still think Lebron is leaving to go to Cleveland. I was shocked that he actually supported that dude that ran on the court.
nhraven5200::That shows what kind of person Lebron is.
Jaiirushawkins::Ok.
footballmaven97::why?
nhraven5200::was he supposed to punch him?
Jaiirushawkins::He gave him a handshake patted him on the head and followed him on twitter.
DarkHollow81::Why does everyone in the nba have mouth guards now?
Jerome Quidd::mouth guards are cool
nhraven5200::i think theyre neat
aise5668::If you want to see how the Heat's roster is going to look in a few years, here's a pretty interesting detailed look   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVlyGbn20wE
