Alex Karras::Does Spike Lee make movies anymore ? One of these Knick games, in the last 5 seconds, they'e going to call him over, and say, 'Spike, you draw up the play.' Hopefully, he would draw up something other than a Carmello 25 footer, with the opponents best defender draped all over him.
OneWiseWoman::Wow! Derrick Rose overall had a terrible game, but redeemed himself with that spectacular clutch shot! Carmelo Anthony failed to respond; just like last year, Melo has started this season shooting an awful %!!!!
The Greatest::Good for Rose. It's moments like those that build confidence and get the ball rolling on some real momentum.
Miami REHEAT::Not a bad game, both teams stars got a shot at the end of the game to win it, Rose hit his, Melo missed his. I expected Melo to miss but somehow hoped he would hit it just because I haven't seen melo hit a game winner in a while
emb001981::I came into this game with the mindset of getting my teammates involved early and making the players around me better. It all starts on the defensive end.   -Words Never Spoken By Melo In An Interview
MrBig::Good shot Rose. After your first 2 games in 18 months, rust is expected...but, you made the shot when it matters, and collectively, the Bulls held the Knicks to 81 points.  Much better defensively than some other teams (one team recently gave up like 120 against the sixers!).  Offense takes a bit of time to develop...not worried.  That shot will help his confidence, and he'll be back to 46-48% from the field soon.  Go Bulls!
zack::Wow. This was a typical Rose/Anthony matchup. (And an example of why their respected teams will struggle to win a championship when they are allowed to chuck up brick after brick.) They can both single-handedly win a game for you, and often do. Alas, when the shots aren't dropping, it can be a really long night.
Jersey Boy::Hey Dolan, the Knicks are not a Championship Caliber team. In fact, they are a collection of over paid chumps. Typical Knicks, losing all night & makes a push but as usual comes up short. Knicks can't beat the Bulls. The Bulls are the 4th best team in the East. Knicks will be #5 & lose in the first round. Hear that Dolan you idiot.
Witness::delusional Rose fans lol, he deserves no praise for this winning shot, he was losing the game for them, he was basically the reason they were in such bad position, especially in the end, this should have been an easy win if it wasn't for his bad shooting and TOs. Stop making rust excuses, he claimed he's 100%, not only that but he has claimed he's the best player in the league, he's better than before he was injured with a higher basketball IQ, vertical leep and better jump shot hahaha, yet he comes here and he's almost the same or worse than he was before he got injured.
Storm::Congrats to Rose for finally sinking a shot, law of averages finally came around for him. Btw, he is shooting 25% for the season so far and has more turnover then assists.
