Chad Wiggins::the min this game changed was the min the kings decided that they were gonna disregard getting the ball to the PG… cousins and gay decided they would take turns bringing it up..   looked as if fredette did something to piss cousins off… and all of a sudden it didn't matter that fredette had gotten him the ball four or five straight possessions and that they had turned the score ten points in their favor…. all of a sudden cousins entire body language changed towards fredette being on the court…. and guess what… out he has to go…
Master Yodà::Yes, I'm sure that is the play that we all point to with plenty of time left in the first half.
Chad Wiggins::Master Yodà four other folks seem to agree
Chad Wiggins::Master Yodà 5
Chad Wiggins::times like this i dont have to say a word
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Why cant jimmer play like this every game, if he becomes more consistent, i am willing to overlook his defensive weakness.
Master Yodà::I wouldn't mind if he did this more often.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Master Yodà Agreed, unfortunately we both know he cant do it 2-3 games in a row.
Chad Spence::Why can't there be a middle ground with the Jimmer assessment?  I was a huge Jimmer fan in college (who wasn't).  But I also predicted IT would over-achieve in the NBA.  IT has proven himself.  He is a stud.  I don't know why most Jimmer fans rip IT, when he has been awesone. Jimmer has a place in the NBA. He's (mostly) proving himself with the minutes he's been given.  I really like Gay, Cousins and IT as a core.  Sacramento is helping Jimmer get a shot with another team right now. There should be no complaints for Jimmer fans (which I am). This isn't a Jimmer is awesome or not argument.   Jimmer is doing some good things, and he still has "A LOT" to prove.  Leave it at that, and let reality play out.  I think Jimmer can be great in the right system, but I'm not sure of that.  The Jazz would have picked him up, if he was a "can't miss" trade pcik.  I just like what Jimmer is doing (mostly) with his limited time. He either has it, or he doesn't. I think he does, but I'm biased  (as a non-Mormon BYU fan).  I trust that better minds than me will figure it out.  I think Jimmer can play a more dynamic role than JJ Riddick, but that has yet to bee seen. The potential is there, but we will see.
Doug Holmes::JJ Redick > Jimmer Fredettte..
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Chad Spence, I agree. Jimmer was good in college, but average in the nba. Thomas was a steal at 60th pick. Most of the jimmer fanatics are BYU related fans. I choose to look at him with an ubiased view. Good shooter, terrible defense, average ball handling, Just another player who was good in college but not in the pro level. Late 1st round pick. ( 9 teams passed on him, til broke maloofs drafted him )
Chad Wiggins::Doug Holmes in their one real match up fredette dominated reddick
Eric Jackson::Jimmer should never dribble. He gets picked like he is in high school. Tired of all the Mormon Jimmer lovers thinking he is the second coming.
Chad Wiggins::MORON…. did u not just witness the show he put on…. the only reason it stopped, is because malone took all the fire power off the court
Ernest Bagdasaryan::People always get offended when i say jimmer is a good shooter, but an average player when it comes to the overall game of basketball.  You need to be able to do more then just shoot the ball. Defense matters just as much, maybe more !
Eric Jackson::Moron?Jimmer makes a few shits and youthink he is good?  Listen douchebag, I am a Kings fan but he is a defensive liability and he will never amount to anything in this league.  Get off his nuts. Oh wait, you must be another Joseph Smith following idiot that thinks Jimmer is the answer to this team.  You just make yourself look dumb. You want personal attacks, bring it. I'm in the mood.
Aaron Butler::Fredette vs. Davies  :D
Marvin Garcia::Sac SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Chad Wiggins::this is the whole problem with fredette…. always trying to play nice… screw trying to force passing the ball man… JACK IT..
Sachem Thunderbird::JIMMER NEEDS SOME PLAY OR TRADE THIS MAN TO A TEAM THAT WILL
Sidney B Sperry::# Free Jimmer
George Jimas::trade jimmer please. he had one decent game against the worst team in the league, but you have to try use this game to fool someone into taking him.
Chad Wiggins::he's shooting 47 % from the field on the year, and 48% from three… he is having a great year doing the one thing he is suppose to do…SHOOT. after that display tonight… they will be even more takers… 6 teams were rumored to want him a month ago, so no need to ramble on with that "we need to fool someone into taking him"  Only FOOL is sacramento kings franchise… for single handedly smothering out a MANIA… they have absolutely killed all the momentum fredette built up becoming PLAYER OF THE YEAR…. and for what? 3 miserable losing seasons… SMH… and ur dogging him out… what a fan base.. and its funny that u dog fredettes performance do to the competition,  but that crappy team that ur throwing stones at, just waxed ur kings in sacramento by 9 points..… so what does that say for ur team… not much.. and while the kings got waxed by the 76ers by nine…. the kings were a positive 9 points up when fredette was on the floor… keep bashing him…. he's gone shortly, and he will make the kings regret the way they have smothered out his fire… his fans get reminded from time to time of that fire, just like tonight… and he's had the same type outburst against memphis, the clippers, lakers, thunder, and on and on…
Keith Dennis::Chad Wiggins Dude Adam Morrison was player of the  year too.. that doesnt mean squat nor does it bring momentum.   Jimmer shot well tonight which is what should be doing every night.  He is not a PG and he is an undersized and slow footed SG but he is what he is.   Bench that POS Thornton and give Jimmer the minutes.  And trade Jimmer when we finally get a decent offer which clearly has not happened yet or it would have been done by now... in my opinion.
George Jimas::ya he doesn't seem to understand that being a good senior in college basketball doesn't translate to the NBA. he's a SG that can't create his shot.
Chad Wiggins::ill be taking my apologeeeez at www.imwillingtoforgive.com
Chad Wiggins::I'm only kidding…  I'm just glad he had a flash back and was out there long enough to get in rhythm
Brandon Russell::Boogie is playing like an All-Star... Hardwork pays off truly
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Brandon Russell Agreed, he has come a long way from his rookie year to now. I am sure some of the GM's are kicking themselves for not drafting him.
Jim Spadafore Sr.::R u serious. Boogie is nothing more than a 45 percent shooter for his career and he's turnover and foul prone. 45 percent for a 6-11 center!!! What a joke!!!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Jim Spadafore Sr. Yea focus on the negatives, forget that his averaging 23 and 11 while shooting 49.5 this season. His 4th year !
Ernest Bagdasaryan::With the way kings have been playing lately ( miami, spurs, rockets ) This should be a W. Hope they start the year with a win.  Happy new years everyone !
Chad Wiggins::just odd to me that the only player for the kings with positive min, has the least amount of time on the floor…. one player has a positive plus minus, yet he's the one with the least amount of court time… makes sense in sacramento i guess
Master Yodà::Rudy Gay? He's in positive minutes.   You didn't use this argument a few days ago when Jimmer was in the - and the Kings were winning.
Pablo Young::big nipples
Chad Wiggins::Master Yodà why would i, he was on the bench, and on that day, it was a little more understandable as well as justified…
Eric Fankhauser::Wow the jimmer haters can't just say job well done. Check out his line the last couple weeks. I an alot more conserned about ben andthorton then any jimmer short comings at this point
Chad Wiggins::why have they stopped giving fredette on the ball screens.. he is not fast enough to beat them consistently off the bounce with out it.. but give him one and everything opens up… SMH...
Wild Silverback::Thanks Sixers !! $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Rene Covarrubias::the under 108 hit also bro $$$$$$$$ for both of us
Wild Silverback::Refs trying to help the Kings bigtime.. total BS
Master Yodà::Refs normally hate us. I could get used to this though.
Aaron Barton::what game are you watching?
Wild Silverback::Aaron Barton .. The right one.
Keith Williams::Kings should win. DMC should b dominant
Ernest Bagdasaryan::IF we beat miami, and rockets, almost spurs. We can win against philly !
Daniel Doyle::Let down game after beating houston though
Wild Silverback::SIXERS BABY !!!
Pablo Young::nice mustache
Wild Silverback::Pablo Young ... thank you.. :)
Pablo Young::Wild Silverback, so much swag
Josh Schwartz::That's my Sixers! Beating down the teams they SHOULD be beating! Just give them a year or two, and they'll be right up there at the head of the East with the Pacers and Heat. This young talent is really going places. Great job Sixers!
Master Yodà::Congrats on MCW. I honestly thought he needed to stay at Cuse. I was wrong.
Josh Schwartz::He really is the spark that makes this Sixers team play better. When he was out, they played horrifically. When he's there, even if HE doesn't perform that well, those around him do. It's beautiful. I'm really glad the Sixers got him. Thank goodness the Cavaliers made the biggest stupid move ever with getting Bennett.
Master Yodà::I have no idea why they did that. That's Cleveland sports for you I guess lol
Peter John Dimos::can these f**ers put demarcus cousins back on....im waiting for him to clear 24.5 poins to collect A LOT of money - get him in the game coach!!!!!!!!!
Peter John Dimos::im a motherfuken genius
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Peter John Dimos refs are whistle happy today.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::peter you actually look like the opposite of a genious from that photo AHAHAHAH
Jim Spadafore Sr.::Chad you are so right. Cuz is a cancerous head case and one of the most overrated players in the nba. That loser will never win. He's nothing but a thug!
Ronnie Saeteune::you forgot to put "thug" in caps
Chad Wiggins::not the best time for a T…. making a nice comeback.. u dont want to give them gimme's when finally points are hard to come by
