Richard::I'm only a casual NBA fan, but it's good to see a different team competitive.
Jimmy Neutron::Wow, I didn't see that happening.
64993366::After getting rid of Barganni and Gay, Raptors look more like Suns of East Conference.
Hoseff::Let me make an attendance check today for the cheap heat fans: 1) Heinzy = present ALL THE TIME 2) I State = OMG he is absent today, must be end of the world 3) Corey = present 4) SDA = present 5) Heat in 5 = present  All these five cheap heat fans are ALWAYS PRESENT.., you must expect them on every pacers blogs trolling and spewing their JEALOUSY, INSECURITY, HATE, BITTERNESS, FEAR etc Pathetic people has sad life and got nothing to do but monitor pacers...
ahumblecanadian::Except for DeRozan chucking up twice as many shots as anyone else on the team a la Rudy Gay a well played game for TO. Lowry and Valanciunas continue to impress. Bench doing their part as well. Could be the beginning of a beautiful thing if... they continue to play TEAM ball.
Corey::Early I said it wouldn't surprise me the Pacers lose tonight cause I knew that  the Raptors has been playing way better on defense and they always could score point but these silly #$%$ Pacers fan who don't watch no other team was talking junk I didn't reply until after the beat happen they say they lost to the Thunder and Blazers because of a back to back an it was on the road. Great team when on the road in anybody house you don't hear Miami talking bout owe we played back to back that why we lost to them mind you didn't the heat beat the Blazers on a back to back night after playing overtime and losing Lebron that night when they beat the Blazer. Don't every team in the NBA has to play the same amount of back to back. But it never fail these same asinine imbecile is no where to be found. They aren't even posting they are so hurt and look foolish. In order for you to get the number seed which doesn't mean squat you have to win over 60 game and are the Pacers build to win these many game no they doesn't score enough. They will be wore down by beginning of March.
Ian::Toronto:   Beast in the East.
Markeinsth::Look at the cheap heat fans on here again, they are the ones giving the statements for pacers, pathetic people, all they do is troll pacers blog, if pacers win they just keep quiet, if pacers lose, they appear and make cheap talks. Is there any respectable heat fan out there???
nathan::there is 82 games in the season... and that just tells where you end up in what place... It's really a 100 game season before it really matters...
Aktion Pak::raptors will be contenders for championship next season; they are still on team chemistry building mode watch out for this team especially jonas valanciunas he will be next international star next to nowitzki and pau gasol
