colosportsman::...
Spurts_will_never_make_ESPN_highlights::I will only love utah if they reclaim the 8th seed and knock Lakers out the playoffs.. so far, they suck at it.
nodonovan1377::Well they won last night.
Nuggets719-303::Thank you!!! For helping Denver. Now hold on to that 8th seed!!!
Nuggets719-303::I love Utah!!
johnholmes6969::all refs tonight
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Totally, it was bad. But the Jazz were able to win anyway. You'd think they'd get some love on their home floor, but I guess not.
gotigersmemphis87::LOL
--Td4mvp3 -::GO SPURS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;)
Spurts_will_never_make_ESPN_highlights::noone wants(to see) them
nodonovan1377::Kobe        Bird PPG            25.5          24.3 RPG            5.3           10.0 APG            4.7            6.3 SPG            1.5            1.7 BPG            0.5            0.8 FG%           45.3          49.6
nodonovan1377::Top 14 player all-time (imo)  1 Jordan 2 Magic 3 Wilt 4 Kareem 5 Bird 6 Russell (his offense was almost a liability look up his fg%, ft% and ppg) 7 Bird 8 Shaq (in his prime.....UNSTOPPABLE) 9 Duncan (always was the alpha for the Spurs) 10 Kobe 11 Lebron (only one ring is killing him right now but obv. that may change) 12 Hakeem 13/14 Oscar or Karl Malone (too close for me to call)
nodonovan1377::Lebron is better than Kobe.
danimg11::Then LeBron is better than Kobe, right? LeBron is much better defender than Kobe and are more or less equal in terms of scoring. In my opinion the best is Jordan, Bird is the second best followed closely by Magic, then are Kareem, Russell and Wilt pretty much in the same step
nodonovan1377::As for taking away Kobe's first 2 years if that is the case then I guess we should take out the years that Bird's back was KILLING him. Or erase Jordan's years w/the Wizards.  It doesn't' work that way.  A players career is their career. It happened....all of it.
nodonovan1377::Finals MVP means more cause it means u were the best player in the most important series and usually lead ur team to a title.  U got 1.2 ppg for Kobe.  I got rebounds, steals, assists, blocks, less turnovers, higher fg%, ft% and 3pt%.
gt1master_ike::FInals MVP means you were the most valuable during one series. Regular Season MVP means  you were the most valuable over the course of a season. Cedric Maxwell has  a finals MVP and he was not the best player on the Celtics that year. Not even close.
nodonovan1377::U really wanna compare Bird to Jordan that stupid.  Finals MVP's hold more weight than reg. season u know that.  Yeah hold onto 1.2 more ppg.  Kobe got more fta's per game its simple.  Bird was a 3 so he wasn't necessarily a perimieter defender (3's play in the post too).  No reason for Kobe to lose out on apg or spg.   Kobe less spg than slow Bird? lol
gt1master_ike::Finals MVP and regular season MVPs are 2 different criteria. Neither holds more weight than the other. Skill set, individual awards, MVP awards are all important. And Kobe gets to the line more because he was better at drawing fouls. That is part of his scoring. Stop giving excuses to Bird. ANd if you really want to go into stats, take away Kobe's first 2 years and compare his years as a starter to Bird's. His scoring average jumps to 27.4 PPG, his assists and rebound averages all go up over 5.
nodonovan1377::Jordan has 6 Finals MVP's so Bird isn't better than Jordan ur right!  Kobe off the ball defensively is nothing special.  Kobe takes bad shots.  Bird got more out of less.  Look up the fga's.  Of course Kobe is gonna score more.  Then look at their fg%, 3pt% and ft%.  Bird was just better.  Bird getting more assists then a guy like Kobe is an insult considering Kobe is more athletically blessed and should be living in the lane and dishing them out to Shaq, Bynum, Gasol, Odom and now Dwight every 2 seconds.  Nevermind getting smashed on the glass by Bird.
gt1master_ike::Are we comparing players skill sets or awards now? Steve Nash has more MVPs than Hakeem Olujawon. Does that make him better? Kareem has less finals MVPS than Bird. Does that make Bird better? No. And what about  FGA?. Kobe averages 25.5 on 19.6 FGA per game. Bird averaged 24.3 PPG on 19.3 FGA  per game. Kobe is still scoring more points per shot even though Bird's FG% is higher. And overall Kobe is the superior defender. He has the defensive awards to prove it even if you take away the ones he was gifted later on in his career. Bird wasn't even the best perimeter defender on his team.
nodonovan1377::Bird was an underrated defender.  People forget he was 6'9.  Kobe's off the ball defense is terrible.  Kobe isn't a better scorer he just shoots more thus more ppg.  Bird was more efficient shooter, better rebounder and better passer.
gt1master_ike::Bird was a better passer and rebounder than Jordan. That doesn't make him better. Scoring and defense is more important for non point guards than passing. ANd Kobe was a better scorer. He was better at creating his shot, any shot really. Bird was a great shooter, but not the overall scorer Kobe was. Stop it man. ANd Kobe was not a terrible defender off the ball. That is a myth perpetuated by Kobe haters who think he is overrated.
nodonovan1377::Bird had more rpg, apg, spg, bpg, less turnovers per game, was the more efficient shooter and was like 1 point behind Kobe per game!!!
gt1master_ike::Bird was a better shooter, Kobe was a  better scorer and defender. Bird could not guard on the ball like kobe. Magic Johnson got steals and blocks too. Neither him or Bird were anywhere close to the defender Kobe was in his prime.
nodonovan1377::Wow u put Kobe ahead of Bird???
gt1master_ike::Yes, better defender, better scorer.
gt1master_ike::Jordan, Magic, Kareem, Kobe, Bird,Oscar, Hakeem, Duncan,Wilt , Shaq, Russell
I prefer boxers over briefs::Now we gotta cheer for the Knicks tomorrow.  Makes me want to throw up.
nodonovan1377::I HATE the Knicks!!!  ~Diehard Bulls fan
MetsxlxNLxlxChampsxlx2013::Earl The Pearl Watson averaged 14 points 5 assists and 4 boards his senior year in college.and was the 11th pick in the second round for the then Seattle Supersonics... hes played for a plethora of teams among which are the sonics, thunder, grizzlies, pacers, and jazz... his highlight season came back in 2007 when he averaged 11 points and 6 assists for the Supersonics and earned the starting role... get to know Earl @EarlWatson33     #ETPW46THMAN
Wombat1247::Yeh, he might've been  - that is now history - Earl is not what he used to be, he hasn't for some years now
gt1master_ike::You're not very bright,are you?
erm7452::Guess the Griz aren't as hot as they thought
nodonovan1377::They have nothing at the 2 and 3 now.  Prince is a complementary player where Rudy could take a game over from time to time.
Jbrad24seven113::Laugh
Dane Kitazaki::4th game in 5 nights will take its toll
nodonovan1377::http://www.basesandbaskets.com/2012/11/kobe-vs-jordan-complete-comparison-of_21.html  and this is for any morons out there that think Kobe is in M.J.'s league.
heatonomics::We all know that song "Walk like an Egyptian." I have the name of a brand new song, "Brick like a Mamba."
nodonovan1377::Kobe Bryant career Finals statistics  24.7 PPG on 41.1% Fg's  to put Kobe's fg% in perspective 6'0 Iverson's career fg% is 42.5%  http://forums.hoopshype.com/forums/index.php?topic=56895.0
nodonovan1377::Duncan&gt;Kobe  He was never a sidekick
Dane Kitazaki::yup
nodonovan1377::Most overrated player in NBA history.
Dane Kitazaki::agreed.  Tim Duncan is the most underrated
Dane Kitazaki::Thats the Kobe i know
MetsxlxNLxlxChampsxlx2013::Anyone want live up to date Earl Watson news hit me up on twitter @EarlWatson33  Get in the head of one of the greats because the days are winding down on his illustrious career   #ETPW46THMAN
Dane Kitazaki::Who the hell is earl watson?  lol
gt1master_ike::In the words of Stephen A Smith, Earl Watson is a bonafide scrub. Shut up.
nodonovan1377::Kobe Bryant has the most missed field goals in NBA history.
nodonovan1377::Why do u think they have so many timeouts in basketball? lol
Dane Kitazaki::lol
Dane Kitazaki::How often do they have to check the rims at staples with the clippers dunks, Howards free throws and Kobes bricks?
Dane Kitazaki::Blazers couldve had Jordan back in the day.  And Durant.  I know they probably wouldnt get Lillard but that would be nuts .  PF- Aldridge, SF- Durant, PG- Lillard
assistmaster801::Never would of had Aldrigde or Lillard if you had Durant would of been a better team
tfoutz31::pretty nice threesome
Dane Kitazaki::yeah, it wouldve been, but oh well lol
MetsxlxNLxlxChampsxlx2013::Earl The Pearl Watson obviously disgruntled with his minimal playing time continues to be the consummate professional and swallow his pride for the betterment of the team... take notes youngins, this is how youre supposed to conduct yourself
tfoutz31::they do that on a nightly basis without his guidance, we dont need him on the team
MetsxlxNLxlxChampsxlx2013::Earl Watson just retweeted me    @Earl_Watson  Trying to contribute where i can and as long as the team wins im happy with my role
chemeute::Why are you so big on Earl? He is a decent backup pg and that is it. He can't shoot outside and can't finish in the lane. He is a nice guy and a professional but not some amazing player.
MetsxlxNLxlxChampsxlx2013::Some fan you are, you deserve to die a traitors death you social vermin
tfoutz31::haha
tfoutz31::keep it that way bench warmer!
Dane Kitazaki::Who has an easier time scoring?  Russel Westbrook on Kobe, or Victor Ortiz on Vanessa Bryant?  I'd say its both fairlly easy and a tie
johnholmes6969::heard that one in the 90's bro
Lakers4life254::Me on your mom while you are watching
heatonomics::@ Lakers4life Yo momma's so fat that when the whales saw her they started singing "we are family"
Dane Kitazaki::lol ok bro
Lakers4life254::I wasn't joking
Dane Kitazaki::Lol, mom jokes died in the 90s bro
nodonovan1377::Kobe is tied for 2nd for most turnovers per game this year w/James Harden.
nodonovan1377::And Kyrie Irving, Westbrook, Parker, Lillard don't?
tfoutz31::lillard's a boss
tfoutz31::harden&gt;kobe
tfoutz31::you mean in reality? get off the x box!
Lakers4life254::only if you're on crack
Dane Kitazaki::true
Dane Kitazaki::Only a mamba can turn the ball over like that
Xx_Superman12_xX::he has the ball alot
johnholmes6969::im so mad all i can do is smoke my weed and go to bed and wake up monday and watch us destroy the weak timberwolves good night espn
Xx_Superman12_xX::gordon hayward would be great on the lakers lol
Lakers4life254::It only takes 4 HOFers to make it out of the east lol.
Dane Kitazaki::It only took Kobe and 3 HOFers to barely make the playoffs.  And in 2004 lose to the Pistons.  Thats sad
JWalk9267::lakers have 3 and can barely make it in
JWalk9267::3 HOFers and you are 1/2 a game ahead of a team with no all stars and a crappy coach
Dane Kitazaki::Pau is a HOFer
Lakers4life254::your comparing the weak east to the west? Say no to drugs
Xx_Superman12_xX::i think pau is a hofer
tfoutz31::wheres the 4th?
tfoutz31::what?
pico2013::Grizzly bears tank to the Jazz in hopes of killing Lakers playoffs hopes.
Dane Kitazaki::maybe u should pay attention to the real reason
nodonovan1377::2004 NBA Finals  First Finals that Kobe took more shots than Shaq and the first Finals that the Lakers lost w/those two together.    Kobe=38.1% fg's Shaq=63.1% fg's
Dane Kitazaki::say no more.  Along with 3 HOFers and lost
tfoutz31::if my jazz had lillard we would easily have 45 wins by now
Dane Kitazaki::If Michael Jordan was 25 years younger.........
pico2013::why didn't they clone him back in the day??????? whay whay whay?
Lakers4life254::Lebron 2007 finals = 35% shooting and swept.
Dane Kitazaki::Kobe 6-24 and got the MVP?  over-rated
Dane Kitazaki::The same Mavs that swept Kobe.  How was Kobes numbers against them?
longhornbush::Also, I feel like Kobe would have liked to have just been there...
tfoutz31::kobe couldnt win without shaq
Dane Kitazaki::Btw, Gasol was saving Kobe all series
longhornbush::Well seeing as the most recent finals were certainly better, maybe he has improved.
Dane Kitazaki::Then he dominated against OKC.  Compare LeBrons 2011 stats to  Kobes 2004 stats.
Lakers4life254::One game doesn't sum up series. But hey 2011 finals lebron averaging 2 points in the 4th quarter really helped the heat
Knicks fans hate Lebron because he gave them Carmelo::Sac is gonna have to play out of their minds to beat the lakers and refs in la
sjmcb160::Denver and SLC B2B is tough for any team. No shame in losing both.
Dane Kitazaki::http://espn.go.com/blog/truehoop/post/_/id/24200/the-truth-about-kobe-bryant-in-crunch-time  enough said
longhornbush::Just as far as general quality, I will take an article full of stats and nuance over a contrived, one sided video of shots any day
heatonomics::Didn't know that Melo was the most clutch and that LBJ and Allen were much more clutch than Kobe. Very eye-opening.
Lakers4life254::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xz0ZPFKvcXc the real truth
nodonovan1377::Trap game for the Lakers against the Kings.  Riding high after beating the Pacers w/Kolimp out.
Xx_Superman12_xX::kings playing better of late i suppose
johnholmes6969::$@%! im so pissed off!!! gg jazz but dam grizzlies are you foreal.......
nodonovan1377::I hope Kolimp tries to play against the Kings.
tfoutz31::whos that?
tfoutz31::#burn
heatonomics::Kobe with a limp. lol
Xx_Superman12_xX::kobe may not be perfect but he wants to win and gives his all, thats all you can ask for in a player. only saying this because the subject of kobe has been brought up already.
sjmcb160::I love his desire to win and his overall game (when he doesn't overshoot), but I can't respect a cheater and rapist.
STEVE6163656::For $28 M a season, he better be
tfoutz31::I hope his knee gives away and he can never walk again!
Dane Kitazaki::He tries hard at the expense of "team"
Xx_Superman12_xX::at least kobe is never afraid of missing, hes willing to take the blame if he fails.
Dane Kitazaki::Stats back up LeBron not Kobe
STEVE6163656::Nick Anderson is a bigger choker than Lebron
tfoutz31::or threatens them if they dont give him the ball, either way you look at it I guess
Lakers4life254::Biggest choker in all of sports = Lebron.
Xx_Superman12_xX::he also inspires his teammates
STEVE6163656::Thank you Jazz  -Clippers
STEVE6163656::Clippers want the 3 seed, let Memphis face Denver
Dane Kitazaki::They should thanks schedule-makers
tfoutz31::no
washheightsboy3::- Nuggets
nodonovan1377::Suck it Lakers!!!!
Dane Kitazaki::Why do you need to comeback from Toronto and New Orleans to begin with?
Lakers4life254::I know heat fans can't read but the jazz played the Grizzlies
Dane Kitazaki::oh now you want to bring that up lol.  I think laker girls do matter to the Jazz
Darkflame07::Anyone else watch the GSP-Diaz fight? Diaz got his $@% kicked!
Lakers4life254::if you look up clueless in a dictionary you would see a heat fan picture. Fact
johnholmes6969::another smart comment by a laker troll
gt1master_ike::Laker fan, your time to go through a dead era is rapidly approaching. Just wait till Kobe retires.
gt1master_ike::Nope, they are still on track to make the playoffs. I am talking about bottom of the conference status.
Dane Kitazaki::Or just comesback from injury lol
tfoutz31::they arent going through it right now?
Dane Kitazaki::If you look up over-rated, you'll find Kobes picture
tfoutz31::youre sure youre not mistaken? im sure its a lakers fan that thinks they can make the playoffs!
tfoutz31::take it easy obviously you knew what I meant otherwise you wouldn't take offense
Lakers4life254::learn some english lady
Xx_Superman12_xX::jazz are tough at home but memphis has been playing great so they are allowed to have a slip up
johnholmes6969::yeah im a die hard grizzly fan trust every bit of my dam money goes towards tickets haha and i am a little worried about thier ability to close out games this is two in a row
washheightsboy3::wasn't the slip up yesterday?
Xx_Superman12_xX::i like the nuggets but teams without stars dont win a championship
washheightsboy3::i'm on an island, but mem is the team that worries me as a nuggest fan.  anyone who can make the nuggets grind is a real problem.
Xx_Superman12_xX::nah no one wins @ denver
washheightsboy3::off topic, but I was in the NE re-signs Talib conversation and NE fans haven't gotten less jerky since we last saw them.
gt1master_ike::Talib, McCourty, Wilson, Dennard(if he doesn;t go to prison) ITs a wrap next year.
gt1master_ike::Talib is getting better at zone, excels in press. Dennard was only a rookie last year and surpassed expectations.Adrian Wilson can still deliver big hits. McCourty is a great rover in the deep zones. Tavon Wilson is on the bench. This is great.
washheightsboy3::slow your roll.  Talib is no Raheem Moore.  OK, that came out wrong...
JWalk9267::yea a lot of us let winning get to our heads. Try to ignore the jerky ones because there are some rational ones.
Xx_Superman12_xX::talib is a top notch corner
Zach Jazz::What's up with Gasol hitting Favors with his shoe??
washheightsboy3::for muslims that is a huge insult.  see the younger president bush
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Random Task
tfoutz31::triggering his inner happy gilmore!
Xx_Superman12_xX::good win by the jazz but i still dont see them making the playoffs unless golden state continues to free fall further
Dane Kitazaki::If Kobe comes back soon, it will hurt their chances.
Dane Kitazaki::Lakers4life254 - Dane you are an idiot. If kobe doesn't play lakers don't comeback from 8 games under .500. If kobe doesn't take over the hornets and toronto game lakers are still 9th seed. You are a clueless moron  Im an idiot?  The reason they were 8 games under to begin with was him playing too much hero ball down the stretch BTW moron, listen to what you are saying.  Come back from Toronto and Hornets games?  LMAO, toronto and hornets
Lakers4life254::Dane you are an idiot. If kobe doesn't play lakers don't comeback from 8 games under .500. If kobe doesn't take over the hornets and toronto game lakers are still 9th seed. You are a clueless moron
Dane Kitazaki::If he was healthy, he would try to take over games and fail like he usually does
Xx_Superman12_xX::yes because he was injured, he was right to sit it out after the 1st quarter
Dane Kitazaki::Its true, Kobe loses games playing too much hero ball.  They definately lose the Indy game if he played the whole way
Xx_Superman12_xX::ha ha very funny
caseygreer2::Lakers schedule is super easy the rest of the way.... I agree w/ this^^
Xx_Superman12_xX::easier then the jazz schedule for sure
caseygreer2::I missed the game due to a brothers bday. What's the story of the game? Looks like Gordon finally got back into the starting lineup?!?!
Dane Kitazaki::It wouldve been better for the Jazz if kobe didnt get hurt
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::^ This
JWalk9267::OK I've been gone a couple days, what happened to Demare?
JWalk9267::that's it? No injury that just barely kept him out? I can understand putting him back on the bench cause he hasn't been playing well but he was a good bench player so why didn't he play?
tfoutz31::he would rather have marv williams in!
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::He got Corbinated.
Xx_Superman12_xX::utah may make the playoffs but it will be at golden states expense
LeBron James MVPX4::5 of the Lakers last 8 Spurs Clippers Rockets Grizzlies Warriors
heatonomics::@Gara what are you doing trolling on the Jazz board? Why are you hating against Utah. You guys are trying to take what is rightfully theirs. You my friend are the real hater.
Xx_Superman12_xX::are u scaresd of the lakers? why do you care?
GARAgaraharikari::LeBron James MVPX4 - Scared of the Lakers? No, I'm not a Hornets fan.  that's why your profile name is "LeBron James MVPX4"...what's an old dude like you trolling about the lakers on a utah jazz board?
Xx_Superman12_xX::so ur just a hater, okay then
marco19188::nobody is scared of the lakers dude
LeBron James MVPX4::Scared of the Lakers? No, I'm not a Hornets fan.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Probably hates the Lakers, an endeavor most people support fully.
gt1master_ike::L L  L  L  W
thunderguy80::congrats Utah just a 1/2 game behind the Lakers now...the rest of us r pulling 4 u guys
LeBron James MVPX4::We are all Jazz fans now.  --The World
heatonomics::True:)
