Tdavis2304::If we had a scorer like melo or gay we would be unstoppable...
Superstar48198::Nice to see the Pistons win a game for once. But then again it was against a team that is as bad as they are. No wonder why there was more fans at a WNBA game then at the Palace.
I TAKE TURDS BIGGER THAN YOU::Brandon Knight is horrible. My suggestion is to trade him for a bag of Fritos, all he does is miss layups and brick 3s. He has turned into more of a worse player than Rodney "tunnel vision" Stuckey.
57Gerger::For a few months now I have been using this system called Sportsbettingstar to help pick winning bets. In only 60 days I have managed to double my bankroll by following this system. You can find this system on the front page of google by searching for Sports Betting Systems. If you bet on sports at all you gotta check this system out.
57Gerger::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar the last couple months now. I am making around $3000 a month just following this system. You will find this system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems
57Gerger::following this online bet system called Sportsbettingstar a couple months ago. I have made about $3,000 a month since I started.  I was looking for a handicapper one night and just google searched for  Sports Betting Systems, it was there on the first page. Didnt seem legit at first but ended up being awesome.
Philip3664::BK7 has to pick it back up after the all star break. Thats back to back bad games by him.
johnnny_drama34::lol nobody goes to Pistons games
toshsghost::Tough loss tonight Wiz.  Wanted this one to go in to the break with some MAJOR momentum.  However,  these are the growing pains that need to be learned from.  When you are up half a dozen, on the road, in the fourth, against a team that just traded away it's best player in order to build for the future, you need to close that out.  Playoff teams don't drop this one.  And Championship teams sure as _______ don't lose this one.  Learn from it.  Move on and take care of the next two at home.  You should be rested, and refocused.  Raptors and Nugs coming to your yard.  Take care of business at home.  Both winnable.  Can't WIZ-AIT!!
Banhgialon can::Rodney Stuckey, wtf u doing man
DTownSportsLions::Jeez Wizards are 9-43 in Detroit since 1983.
DTownSportsLions::Guys lets face it, we both suck. Both teams have pieces but they aren't there yet.
crig521::?? both teams have legit pieces and both teams should be in the playoffs next year
derek_510::should?  if sixers get a healthy bynum next year there goes 1 of the hopeful seeds for these teams. now who would you have finish better than milwaukee, or atlanta?  detroit or washington? personally the only team i see replacing any of the current east seeds, besides philly, is washington over atlanta.  and that's only if atlanta loses one of its pieces.  philly will probably replace boston, unless they pull off a trade until then.
GradeA10714::What a letdown for the Wizards.  They were starting to get something going.
Nicholas Obert::Doesn't stop them from getting something going. These things happen.  Hopefully Vesely will cut into Seraphin's minutes. There is no way we can be worse with him out there. None.
mattcowboys77::duke might lose tonight....
GeorgeTownDC29::Mattnimp14 - Interesting Fact: These same teams play each other again on the 27th and as of right now it is scheduled to be on ESPN. We'll see if the NBA decides to keep it or change it.  Negative, its the Warriors/Knicks
mattcowboys77::sucks the the wings lost. Can't give up 2 goal leads in a REALLY SHORT season.
denn19641::I hope wings also win it to night. It's a five minute extension though.
denn19641::denn19641 - I hope wings also win it to night. It's a five minute extension though.  Crap, I just turned the page and Howard let it in. OTL anyway.   Good night Guys.
TigerMichLion111::Mattnimp14 Wizards last four games were ALL wins against PLAYOFF teams what was the Pistons record the last four games? 4 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  Lol we only beat the 42-11, best team in the NBA spurs by 10....
TDRwolff::Calderon   6-9 from 3 land......He's the real deal and Detroit will go 500 the rest of the way.  IF Drummond's back isn't hurt they play even better.  Jose is still learning the offense
vaplaya0::wtf!! why cant we beat bad teams...sh*t is frustrating and why the f*** is crawford getting DNP's all the sudden
t casey::Because your team is bad as well would be my guess.
alfredoiceman::CALDE!!!!
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Mattnimp14 - Wizards last four games were ALL wins against PLAYOFF teams what was the Pistons record the last four games?  ------------------------------  Pistons beat the Heat, Hawks, an Bucks (all playoff teams) in a row as part of a 4 game win streak...then lost to the Bobcats. Get over it, Detroit is bad, Washington sucks.
TDRwolff::STILL think             toronto got the better end of the deal?????
Zeke Mansfield::Yes
GeorgeTownDC29::BTW GG Pistons..
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Mattnimp14 - Wizards last four games were ALL wins against PLAYOFF teams what was the Pistons record the last four games?  ------------------------------  Pistons beat the Heat, Hawks, an Bucks (all playoff teams) in a row as part of a 4 game win streak...then lost to the Bobcats. Get over it, Detroit is bad, Washington sucks.
TigerMichLion111::Hey hallnate wut u doing on here lol?
TigerMichLion111::Pistons win!!! THHEEE Pistons win!!
LilVdog88::Game we shouldve won
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::vaplaya0 - knight will be another victim 2nite for jwall...wiz win by 11 Arigato Mr. Roboto - Pistons Suck, and I'm the first to say it! GO WIZ! melvin887 - Easy win for my Wizards mibob68 - watch the game and learn WHY ! melvin887 - 4 game win streak sir. Soon be 5 mibob68 - cause detroit stinks  -------------------------------  LOLOLOLOLOLOL!!!! LMAO!
vaplaya0::damn lol i guess u guys just have our number this yr but we still gonna have a better record at the end of the season
XstreamINsanity::This year?  The Wizards are 9-43 vs. the Pistons since '83.  The Pistons have won the last 6 years' series.  I wish the Wizards well, and they sure were doing it, but there's something about Detroit beating the Wizards like there is about the Jazz beating the Pistons.  I swear, we just plain suck against the Jazz.  :)
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Well, god luck to ya!
TigerMichLion111::LOLOLOL!!!
denn19641::Wiz fans should've ask the Bucks before the game.
Philip3664::LMAO
Mattnimp14::Wizards last four games were ALL wins against PLAYOFF teams what was the Pistons record the last four games?
denn19641::Mattnimp14 - Wizards last four games were ALL wins against PLAYOFF teams what was the Pistons record the last four games?  Beat  a Team that bested play-off bound team.
GeorgeTownDC29::No true NBA fan thinks the Pistons suck though. They beat the Spurs the other day so Im not that mad about losing to you
XstreamINsanity::Thank you for being a realist.  :)
Philip3664::Celtics just refuse to lose
TDRwolff::ORRRR   Rondo....for all his entertainment value.....is just not condussive to winning....He cant shoot the Three and his free throw shooting sucks   so he shoots 47% from 2 land and doesnt draw fouls when driving.  That is not a good point guard.  Everyone stood around waiting to see what rondo was going to do.  Now they actually play team ball
Tdavis2304::Knight is not the future of the pistons
XstreamINsanity::He's a backup, that's all he is.  He will be what Will Bynum is, and explosive player off the bench some nights, others you're asking yourself why they're in the NBA.
Tdavis2304::If the vets retired today knight would be here he young thats all I'm saying..if I had a say on who gets trade stuckey knight max..
bamberg1977::He's not used to not having ball&gt; He's not a SG.   He shows great promise on some nights. He has talent. He's still young. Keep in mind he just turned 21 and his rookie year was a lockout year with no training camp. He still very inexperienced
verfielderbrera::No one player ever is. he is a part of it though. It's a team game.
Philip3664::If we had to get rid of one between the 3 young guys id say get rid of him.
evhredskin::RGIII IS awesomeness
GeorgeTownDC29::Pistons fans absent while they were losing and quickly turned up when they found out they won. No wonder the Palace is dead
XstreamINsanity::Actually, there are better forums to conduct game conversations during the game than ESPN.  Most of the stuff I see on here is downright disgusting, you can't follow a decent conversation (because ESPN only has three levels of replying), and the updates are wonky (no updates for 2-3 minutes, then there's 100 replies, well, not on Pistons games).  I prefer DBB honestly.
bamberg1977::Pistons let league in attendance for 7 yrs straight. Settle down, we went through long ownership change, then lockout, ... its just a really bad hangover from being awesome too long.
GeorgeTownDC29::Did you? I take it back then shouldn't be dissing after a loss
denn19641::GeorgeTownDC29 - Pistons fans absent while they were losing and quickly turned up when they found out they won. No wonder the Palace is dead  We are also on the STL/Red Wings tiff.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::LMAO at the cocky Wizards fans from before the game! Saying that Detroit stinks but Washington doesn't LOLOLOL!
Poor Oregon::Randy is a nice guy but he can't coach.
Philip3664::I remember Wizards fans had all the confidence in the world before the game. End result.....they lost.
Tdavis2304::As a piston fan we suck but wiz are horrible John wall need to leave
PartTimeHomer::This loss makes the Wizards 4-1 in the last 5. You're pretending that one loss takes away four straight wins. Three (arguably all four) of them against quality teams. You're ridiculous if you think Wizards fans should not have had confidence in this game.  Or you're a hater. So which are you? Ridiculous or a hater?  Also, the Wizards fans didn't lose this game. The Wizards did.
PartTimeHomer::You're being salty for no real reason. Are you that desperate for an e-peen enlargement that you troll fans of a team you consider bad?  Desperate as hell.
verfielderbrera::So what, What did they do before those 5 games. 11 wins? Every team has a good run once in awhile. That doesn't mean anything.
verfielderbrera::Isn't that how it usually goes in Washington?
Mattnimp14::Both teams are losers so calm down. Wizards are still the best bad team in the NBA though.
runninrebels3512::Wizards are the worst team in the NBA
bamberg1977::Yeah, you actually have some experienced players. Maybe I can agree right now. But not for long. I'm not even sure with Drummond you are right now. Pistons have Calderon and a bunch of rookies or 22 and under kids carry them this win
Mattnimp14::I'll give ya'll credit the Pistons have our number but we are still better.
verfielderbrera::Pistons 3-0 against Wizards. But i guess the Pistons aren't a bad team now.
bamberg1977::Pistons have a great future. Drummond, Monroe and Knight any day. I think Calderon will stick around too. We only have to offer just over the MLE and cut out 70% of the league.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Still cocky huh? LMAO!
melvin887::This was bad lost
melvin887::Its all good
bamberg1977::Yeah, we just lost to the Pelicans.
bamberg1977::Time to rewatch the UofM slaughtering. I only got a brew and view last night. Oh what a night.
GeorgeTownDC29::32 min. and 2 rebounds and the Pistons didn't have Drummond. Nene isnt the future
PartTimeHomer::This loss is definitely all on Wittman. I don't even think I'd want the type of miracle run that would lead to the playoffs for this team. Can you imagine Wittman coaching against playoff caliber coaches?  Oh my lawd.
Boarding4life::Wittman ought to be fired for not playing Okafor more.
evhredskin::Y
bamberg1977::He's got some big calderonies
Philip3664::Calderon!!!!!!
sportsfan1014::dammn.. Wiz had no problem to beat Thunder &amp; Heat, but still couldn't beat the Pistons in 3 tries..
PartTimeHomer::What a poorly coached game.
buhbuhballin::okafor didnt play at all in the 4th. This is why wizards lost.  I believe the coach is tanking.   No way do you sit okafor who had 20pts 9 rebs by the end of the 3rd!
t casey::I wouldn't overthink it. We had a game a week or ago against LA where Monroe had like 23 and 12 going into the 4th and was left out the entire 4th quarter. Sometimes bad coaches just do dumb stuff like that.
melvin887::I agree
mattcowboys77::every wizards fan on this board before the game: pistons suck wizards will make the playoffs  LOL
GeorgeTownDC29::Not every Wizards fan. I said we were making the playoff, but I didnt say you sucked. Both team looked like crap
evhredskin::GO REDSKINS
bamberg1977::K. Cousins for Prez!
seanjohnw::Why are the wizards fouling are they morons what would be the point
DETsports84::WTH?  I turned away thinking we were gonna lose.
