xfactor1997::Dion is probaly the best rookie at actually driving to the basket. Gald to see him have a good game. If he dose this every game then he will be the next D-Wade.
eyerazzi::Jimmer rules the world with his shot
smyers003::Hopefully Dion becomes more then the usual wash outs that leave cuse early atleast recently.... glad to see him put up 33!
Kevin...Durant::33 points...wow, from a rookie...damn, off the bench...WTF!
Rickster7218::Nice game for Neon Dion.... last night
mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
HoldOnMyHeart::Ive been betting with this online betting system a few months back thats called SportsBettingStar for the last couple of months now, and Ive profited around 3K per month just by following its tips.
Kpmg allstar::How many Kings scored more points than minutes played last night?  Answer: 1.  Who was it?  Answer: Jimmer  How will Jimmer ever get playing time?  Answer: FreeJimmer!
TheRydog3::Wow... Thomas was awful last night.
Kpmg allstar::He is awful most nights.  The 34 points against the Heat was a fluke.
the black child did it::solid 12,000 person crowd last night
Kpmg allstar::Wow, Smart played only 10 players.  I am shocked.
joshsy77::he played the white guy who scored 16 points in 14 minutes as well.
Gaybron Gaymes::kyrie sucks. that is all
sambai23::Gaybrons just a troll leave him alone...trolling is the easiest thing in the world to do...unfortunately it's also one of the most pathetic ways to spend your time...if you don't take them seriously which you never should they melt away into nothing and get madder than they could ever get you...
quickbr0wnf0x::Amen.
YogaBeer::I wonder how many more free e-mail addresses you have left Gabron Gaymes?
D-Train14-23::haha yu got alot to understand if yur team cant back yu up how can yu win games
D-Train14-23::He puts up 22 points a game yu cant be that bad or yu wouldnt be playin hes doin everything he can he puts in work on that court more than every cav player on that court..
TheRydog3::Hey Gayface. Winning is a team deal. Ask John Stockton....
Gaybron Gaymes::you cant justify him being the best win he cant WIN which matters the most buddy. have a nice day. kyrie sucks
D-Train14-23::Everybody has a bad game and that is wat happened.. Kyrie is one of the best PG in the game behind D. Rose and Westbrook
Gaybron Gaymes::best pg in the league to not win anything.
Gaybron Gaymes::you mean LOTS of bad games.
Frank_Einstein1921::Dion Waiters scored 33 points, shot 12-18, 3-3 3 pt, had 5 assists, 0 turnovers, yet he had a +/- of -5..... Evidence the +/- stat is meaningless.
Michael137052::Jimmer has great nights and horrible nights. Why not play him when he's shooting the way he's shooting? 16 points in 14 min. Not productive enough?
joshsy77::they won't even let him stay in a rhythm.  As a Kings fan who went to BYU I saw him through his college career, when that kid gets hot he runs away with the game and with a range that is crazy long he would punish the D all night long when he was hot.  Such a let-down to see Smart sit him like he does.
TheRydog3::He's had 36 Good nights and 2 bad.... He should be the starter
Rock Lancaster::Irving, Waiters, TT coming along and Zeller a serviceable 2nd team center and a top 5 pick.  The 5 year plan seems to be heading in the right direction
D-Train14-23::definitly look to see the Cavs makin a statement in the next couple years...
29nreddy::How about Dion Waiters people?Could be the next big thing.
stylobialo::He's a rookie ....he'll be fine
quickbr0wnf0x::Maybe, maybe not.   It remains to see whether he can develop the high-level consistency that makes a star player.
D-Train14-23::he is to inconsistent to be saying he is the next big thing.... wen he does what he did last night he will be more tlked about... But he did his thing last night but he has the potential to be the next big thing but Damian Lilard is the BIG THING right now....
the black child did it::lillard is overrated. he averages like 18 points and plays 44 minutes a game
realityonetoo::How appropriate that these two teams were battling it out at "Sleep Train" Arena...
quickbr0wnf0x::Z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z
mugupo::Cousin make 12-12 that would crucial in key moment, trade Howard for him.
49ers...::Congratulations, you're that much closer to mediocrity and a crappier position in the draft.  Nice job Kings/Sonics.
Dawgman206::D cuzz
TheBrownestBob::Cavs don't need scoring at the 3 so much as they need a willing passer and lock-down defender; a guy who gets his points off hustle and effort.  I like Gee as a bench player.  Miles needs to not take more than 6 shots a game; too many wasted plays.  Cavs also need a solid scoring option in the post; Tyler is a jump shooter and Tristan is still raw.  They have absolutely no one on the team that can post up and score outside of Thompson and Irving (lol).  Without multiple post-up options, it's hard to open up the outside game (something Varejao helped with).  They really need 3 good post options and guys that protect the rim/rebound from the 3, 4, and 5 spots.
TRHMC1::Otto Porter fits that do-it-all role. Porter + Al Jefferson + healthy Andy + another year of experience for the youngins = Playoffs?!!! Playoffs?!!!
TheBrownestBob::Having said that, I'd take Shabazz in a heart beat if he's on the board when we pick.
JazzCeltics::Fan 32 bigot for your white idol comments... That was what I was referencing... I don't like hearing stuff like that is all. It's sad that he gets so much crap about being white and Mormon... But your right about him being a serviceable bench scorer... But his ceiling could be a poor mans Chauncey billups or several other good nba players... But for right now I think he should be getting 20 minutes on that Sacramento team. I think most of the talk of him being an all star or MVP is just coming from trolls.
ChargersFan4Life001::Trob playing a lot better lately, not forcing shots and getting rebounds
ChargersFan4Life001::GG Cavs fans, GL the rest of the year. Good to see the kings end the skid and have the bench play well
yata-9arasu::GG and the same to you!  GO CAVS!
commandozs::Yeah lets leave the 2nd best free throw shooter on the bench in foul situations.
NBA_Fan32::I'm actually a Jazz fan..and I'm pretty sure literally every single jazz fan was happy to finally see CJ Miles gone. He was so inconsistent, seemed to do more harm than good, and jacked up so many bad shots.
JazzCeltics::A couple box scores caught me off guard with him getting 20+ but then I started following his stats from game to game... He's a nice guy but always settles for jumpers when he has the athleticism to be so much more. I think some people just don't have that fire in them.
TecmoTrojan::As an (ex) cavs fan, I hate Jordan..lol
TecmoTrojan::What an unfortunate franchise...one of the best coaches of all time and no championships.
yata-9arasu::You sure you don't want him back?  LOL.  I love him as a person but he is a chucker......  Not very efficient...
yata-9arasu::The reason why Shabazz is such a nice pick is because Irving, Shabazz, and Waiters all have a quick first step and can get to the basket at will.  If you double one of them then you leave the other open.  Very hard to defend.
TheBrownestBob::I would trade the pick and Tyler Zeller to the Kings for DeMarcus Cousins.
yata-9arasu::I wouldn't....  We need a SF....  And I am not sold on Cousins.
NBA_Fan32::What about Cody Zeller? haha, he would go great alongside with his brother!
yata-9arasu::Lol.  The Zeller Brothers AKA the softest frountcourt in NBA history....
NBA_Fan32::so what's the feeling on Tristan Thompson from the Cavs? Is this guy gonna make it or what?
TRHMC1::Cavs roster is still incomplete. You can't win games if the GM is hoarding capspace for multiple seasons. This roster has 1 good vet, 4 promising youngsters, and a bunch of cheap waiver wire castoffs and D-league projects. With injuries the Cavs record was a foregone conclusion realistically. Future looks good though..Im happy with the picks and considering we were sooo close to getting Shved as well, I still trust Grant.
yata-9arasu::We are giving up the most pts in the NBA and we have NO BENCH at all.  It is horrible.  Combine that with injuries to Irving and Varejao and that is what you get.
TecmoTrojan::Young, sloppy. Same as the kings with evans, cousins etc.
NBA_Fan32::so why is cleveland losing so many games with some decent talent?
TecmoTrojan::Irving was also out for a lot of games.
derek_510::maybe the chemistry is lacking?  a cavs fans input would be helpful
yata-9arasu::He is averaging a double-double since Varejao got hurt.  He will continue to improve as he gains more muscle and he is only 21...  Really like him.
TecmoTrojan::He is sloppy at times and no varejao but he is young and very athletic. He is much better than hickson was on that team at that age.
derek_510::wait is shabazz entering the nba draft next year??
yata-9arasu::I hope he is.  He will be allowed.  I would be really, really pissed if he didn't....
derek_510::thanks for the reply.  and sorry bro  but i'm not with you, i want to see shabazz ball for at least a season when i head to UCLA
TRHMC1::Fredette is a tiny 2-guard that can't score efficiently, defend nor run an offense. Hes that likeable kid that you root for but won't admit he stinks until he's traded.  He's a poor man's $@%!$@ Gibson...
TecmoTrojan::Bench player...not bad, but not great by any means.
TRHMC1::Sub 40% career shooter.
TecmoTrojan::His PER is 17...against second string competition. Don't get your panties in a bunch.
Marcumm::can't score efficiently?lolol he's one of the best in the league. Research your facts so you don't look like a fool.
Marcumm::a few games ago he was number one among pgs in efficiency. Maybe that's changed but don't tell me he can't score efficiently when that's his best skill
HunterF4444::42% is not one of the best in the league
braineater000::Well, I've heard some whoppers in my time... but this?
Legit911::Jimmer Fredette: 16 points in 14 minutes.  Isaiah Thomas: 6 points in 31 minutes.  I think there is a problem here.
Legit911::All of this is true, however, if Fredette has it going this game, why doesn't he play more? Smart left Isaiah in the game even though he wasn't playing up to par. It just doesn't make sense, I'm not even a Jimmer fan.
JBurhenn253::It's one game. Stop jumping all over jimmer. Did u not see the last game. You stick with your starters because they tend to be better players.
Markiemormon::Jimmer has a long way to go before he 's the best point guard on any team.
braineater000::He's actually been the best Kings "point guard" statistically this season, so your 1-game argument is invalid.  Quoting "point guard" because he's played just as much if not more as a 2 this season.  Oddly enough, statistically Aaron Brooks has been the worst guard, yet started the majority of the season over both Isaiah and Fredette.  But if you don't like that, you don't like Kings basketball, I guess.
braineater000::Actually, they both tend to play better when they're on the court together...
TecmoTrojan::Anecdotal data points...what do you expect from jimmer junkies
NBA_Fan32::Against Miami last game  Jimmer Fredette: 15 minutes 3-7 shooting 9 points 1 assist   Isaiah Thomas : 33 minutes 13-22 shooting 34 points 5 assists
braineater000::Are you baiting NBA_Fan32 with this?
NBA_Fan32::Back to the Mclemore and Muhammed thing. nbadraft.net now has McLemore as the #1 pick in next year's draft. I thought that was interesting..
yata-9arasu::He has a wingspan of almost 7 feet!
yata-9arasu::Drafting Waiters would make it difficult to pick McLemore next year.  After reading his scouting report I was impressed.  Seems like he will be great player.  I just think Muhammed fits us better because he is a SF and his ability.  He reminds me of of LBJ but without the vision and passing ability or ability to go both ways.  Can score many ways and has amazing length for his position.  If he every develops a decent jumper he will be awesome and Irving could go to him and Waiters at any point.
NBA_Fan32::well that should give cleveland comfort knowing they can likely end up with the 3rd pick and still get him.
TRHMC1::We need more length. I want Otto Porter at the three.
TRHMC1::For all the hype you'd think Shbazz would be killing it in the NCAA. Porter doesn't have the flash, but projects to be a do-it-all glue guy in the Batum/Tayshuan Prince mold, which is a bigger need for the Cavs, IMO, and the reason Scott plays Walton so much. I'd be ecstatic with any of the three though.
NBA_Fan32::really? otto porter over muhammed??
HunterF4444::I wouldn't touch Noel...risky
yata-9arasu::Yep.
NBA_Fan32::shabazz really is the all around obvious fit for the cavs isnt he? far and away over anyone else it would seem.
HunterF4444::McLemore is a SG while Muhammed is a SF  That's the only reason I prefer Shabazz for the Cavs
yata-9arasu::Hmmmm...  Interesting.....  I like Muhammed for the Cavs because his freak athletic ability..
TecmoTrojan::I would take Lin over Jimmer in a draft any day but they are examples of flavors of the month.
TecmoTrojan::Isn't it though
braineater000::That's a nice story.
NBA_Fan32::KYRIE IRVING has a 5 times better Assist to turnover ratio than Jimmer..he shoots a much higher FG% AND A HIGHER 3 PT % than Jimmer. Those are stats that don't matter how many minutes a game you play. He dominates Jimmer in every statistical category. AND he can play defense!!
TecmoTrojan::Jimmer is a delightsome defender right?
yata-9arasu::Irving is a weak defender though.
braineater000::He doesn't care.  He's saving the human race from stupidity.
braineater000::It's odd that the opinion of others bothers you so much.
braineater000::@TecmoTrojan - No... I'm trolling.
NBA_Fan32::yes it is odd but I have seen to much blind worship or jimmer and lack of any grip on reality from byu fans it's unbelievable. It's so apparent that it does bother me. I'm just trying to help save the human race from being so stupid.
TecmoTrojan::Seems like it bothers you too because you are responding to Fan32's posts.
HunterF4444::defense is his weakness I must say
MILBREW318::#FreeJimmer
jrkenwi110::maybe when chris paul hits free agency he'll request the Kings
Hawaiian Raiders::Both teams will be top five in lottery balls...AGAIN..
yorke44::sjc756 - Every night the Kings all i think about is what Smart will plan for that giving game.   I will never respect keith smart. I still wish we had adelman and coachie and the princeton offense. reke and jimmer in the backcourt. cuz as the passing big man. reke and cuz would be all-stars and jimmer would be avg 20 ppg. keith smart is the worst coach in the nba he has no gameplan
JazzCeltics::NBA fake fan 32 = bigot....   Jimmer fan here but I would never take him over Irving... If the jazz could get Kyrie for milsap and favors I would pull the trigger for it to happen. Irving's freak injuries are the only thing that worry me. Jimmer is a scoring point guard and if you haven't been watching the nba the pass first guys have been a dying breed for years...  To hate jimmer just because people are rooting for him is pretty weak.
TecmoTrojan::Jimmer is a bench player period and is a flavor of the month. Think about how hot J. Lin was last year. Lin at least has long term value because he can run an offense (not well but he can).
yata-9arasu::NBA_Fan32  Is 100% correct.  He is not being bigot just because he looks at his stats and says what he sees.  Fredette at this point looks like a solid bench 3 pt shooter.  He is not trying to offend anyone.
braineater000::@NBA_Fan32 - Did I mention "untolerable" isn't a word?
yata-9arasu::@HunterF4444  I know.  Lol.  I will remember this for sure....
NBA_Fan32::you misspelling the word genius was a joke right?
Marcumm::I know...their genious!
HunterF4444::Can you believe these guys yata?
NBA_Fan32::because people asininely and blindly rooting for him and don't have a clear perception on reality. I don't hate Jimmer, I think he's a great kid. I also think he's a serviceable nba player who can have a big impact on a game when his shot gets hot. That is the the kid's role. Not the ridiculous crap I have to read over and over about this guy. and how exactly am I a bigot?
braineater000::Why do you insist on embarrassing yourself?
skibobi::you look mormon.
braineater000::Was it supposed to be an insult?
NBA_Fan32::haha, he really does. He'll take that as a compliment though.
jrkenwi110::Havent really followed the kings much this year is Thomas Robinson panning out at all?
jrkenwi110::seemed to put up good numbers the last wo games
yorke44::ya 1st 2 good games all yr though honestly
skibobi::Good rebounder, great athlete, no jumper.
russwilsonislegit::HE'S BEEN VERY BADFOR THE MOST PART.... AND HE'S RECEIVED SOME MIN, JUST FORCES EVERYTHING
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::No minutes.  Coach sucks. Team has no chemistry, just thrown together. Even Owners are dysfunctional.
Psmbball3s::The funniest thing about this board is just the fact if Jimmer does bad or good has no influence on how much popularity he gets. He's more of a celebrity than anyone else on his team lol
braineater000::The funniest thing is that you care enough to comment on it.
Johnzhang1225::Dion waiter talking trash to Jimmer and then Cousins came in and Dion backed up like a little $@%!$
ounlopez::I think its good that Jimmer got 3 fouls. Shows he is being aggressive out there.
JBurhenn253::Fouls are errors/mistakes. You can be aggressive without fouling.
Hawaiian Raiders::I don't think they had enough offence, O sh.it    hahaha.... Lakers know all bout that.... DEFENSE HAS TO COME IN TO PLAY AT SOMETIME......otherwise in the top ten for the fixed lottery balls...
jrkenwi110::Ben Mclemore &gt; Shabazz
NBA_Fan32::for sure!
HunterF4444::Probably 2nd round or late first
jrkenwi110::Where will deshaun thomas go?
HunterF4444::Maybe...Would rather have Shabazz on the Cavs though.
HunterF4444::Did some dude just seriously say he would take Jimmer over Kyrie...
russwilsonislegit::wow wow wow wow.... because u say so we have to head to ur wows.... fredette is stuck getting screwed.... give him a situation like irving has where he gets to run the show, and i could see fredette torching irving... irving cant score like fredette...FACT
russwilsonislegit::I'd take who every one claims is the cant miss talent.. but is swear i wouldnt be surprised if fredette ends up being the sec coming of mark price.. only more of a scorer... scary..
TrueNum1AllStar::Jimmer had the better game by far tonight.  Irving is a better ball handler, but not better decision maker,  Kings fans have been watching Jimmer pass dimes all this year and make great decisions as a ball handler.  Irving better at dribbling but Jimmer is smarter and better team decision maker.
yata-9arasu::You are kidding yourself if you think anyone said this team was great.  LMAO.  Irving is great young player.  The team sucks this year.
yata-9arasu::Irving is getting close to MVP caliber level of play with his PER and Fredette is may be a starter based on PER and you want to compare them.  Wow....
TrueNum1AllStar::I don't care if you think I'm a troll or not, I am a Kings fan?  Your "great" team lost, and ours won . . . Good night
TrueNum1AllStar::yes, My point is Irving is more like Tyreke. Good play, great a getting to the rim, not the best decision maker.
HunterF4444::Now I know you are a troll. Goodnight.
TrueNum1AllStar::He isn't though! that's what's funny,  Jimmer was in the top 10 PER for most of this year, one of the top FT shooters, he makes players around him better.  Kings have a lot of guards so they all fight for minutes but Jimmer has played well for the Kings this year and is a solid player with good decision making skills.
NBA_Fan32::once again, have you ever watched kyrie irving play besides tonight?
HunterF4444::Wow wow wow unbelievable. Irving is so much better it is not even a question.
Hawaiian Raiders::Agree, but i would take Irvin over him....better ball handler...
Marcumm::atleast your objective
russwilsonislegit::KYRIE WAS NOT IMPRESSIVE AT ALL... LOOKED LIKE S***... POUND FOR POUND FREDETTE HAD A SICK ACE GAME.... 16 IN 13 MIN AINT NOTHING TO SCOUGH AT
NBA_Fan32::have you never watched kyrie irving play in your life?
NBA_Fan32::haha yeah. It really blows my mind someone could be that dumb. I don't think he was trolling either.
Hawaiian Raiders::I would take Kyrie....
Marcumm::I second that guys comment
HunterF4444::Wow...this world...
coldhibachi::He meant in a game of croquet...
Justin n n n n::Atlanta scored 58 points tonight. Jebus.
Hawaiian Raiders::They cost ma my parlay....+8.5....WTF do i know bout that dump game...I was like a deer in the head lights.
Hawaiian Raiders::SH OVERRRRR!103.5   CHEEHOOOO
yata-9arasu::If Scott does suck so much then why should we fire him?  We want a better pick right?  Why not get another top 5 pick and a bench and see what he can do with that.  If they don't get better next year than there really is no excuse for Scott.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Stan Van Gundy
Bill O O::Just play Walton, and we have first pick locked
Greg Oden PayDay Loan Spokesmen::This draft sucks though.
HunterF4444::Would be awesome
yata-9arasu::SHABAZZ!  THAT IS ALL!  IMAGINE SHABAZZ, DION, KYRIE ON THE FAST BREAK.......   OMG....
HunterF4444::Shabazz does not suck
Greg Oden PayDay Loan Spokesmen::No close games tonight...mostly just blowouts. Im guessing teams just don't care anymore when they get down by 10.
