Jbrad24seven113::Didnt shaq say Penny was the best player he ever played with?? Not sure if it was just a jab at Kobe.. But penny was a beast in the early stages of his prime.. Til he got hurt.. I know shaq said his 95 Magic team wouldve smoked the 09 Magic team.. And I 100% agree
AKsparky907::He was killer those first few years in the league. It was a shame he got hurt. Awesome that he is still does so much for people in Memphis.
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Hate to say it but looks like our beloved Z-Bo is getting past his time
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::I really hope your right because I love Z-Bo
GoTigers2015::Sigh, nope. He got 16 and 14 tonight, has the 2nd most double-doubles in the league. He's got a nose for where the basketball is. He's a player that will be effective for a long time, as his numbers from previous years have shown. He can still be the Z-bo from the SAS series on occasion as shown by his 38-22 performance against Phoenix earlier this year. He has good years in him left, he's going to be like Tim Duncan, people say he is past his prime, and he's still doing great.
GoTigers2015::Also remember he was not given the time to rest as much also because he was participating in All-star weekend
GoTigers2015::His numbers don't lie though, he's probably tired at times because he's always working on the offensive and defensive glass, his defense has improved a great deal as well to go along with his passing. His play doesn't rely on athleticism, so as he ages, there won't be significant drop off. Numbers don't lie, He's averaging a double-double and our team is 36-18.
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::I hope so but he looks like he struggles to make it up and down the court. I t is not his numbers but he dosen't pass my eye test
Jbrad24seven113::Still some raptor fans talkin sayin after the game we had tonight that we still need gay.. Obvious somebody didnt watch the game the other day?!?! It's cause of Rudy they lost that game to us.. Takin shots away from that red hott Anderson dude
doof54::Don't even get me started.
Navy Squid45::Good game Memphis Go Magic!!!
MEMPHIS GRIZZZ::Will done Grizzzzzzzz
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Way to Pack the House Memphis!!! The atmosphere was electric
trizzo23::on tv i saw a bunch of empty seat...a bunch!..a playoff team that does not sell out?
War Hero 18::does any team  sell out  while playing the Magic?
Grindhouse2413::Yeah that troll from earlier was joking the lack of fans in the Forum. I read that and looked around from my seat and said its looks pretty packed to me. Almost 18,000 in attendance. Suck it troll.
AKsparky907::Good turn out! I will be back for the playoffs!
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Really?
Magic are better than you::Honestly, that could have gone a lot worse...  GG Griz
Grindhouse2413::Way to keep it close at the end Magic
Donna Shalala Is A Dime Piece::DeQuan Jones and Kyle O'Quinn should start.
Grindhouse2413::Good game Magic. Great win Grizzlies! We make our free throws like we normally do and hit a few of our many three point misses and it wouldn't have been close. Still a win is a win and this makes it six in a row. Nuggets lose tonight so they are three games back from us. We will win in Brooklyn, who lost tonight, too. MEMPHIS!!!!!
trizzo23::if refs did not call vucevic and nicholson for phantom fouls to get them out of game...magic win
AKsparky907::I hope that makes you sleep better tonight.
Wolfy_Pants::darn west conference.. we be #2 seed in the east lol
doof54::Could end up that high in the west.  Play the hand that's dealt.
AKsparky907::Possibly number 1. Our record would be a lot better if we were playing the crappy eastern teams all the time.
MagicBoltzRays::The average age of the Magic (minus Harrington, Warrick, and Turk aka guys who will be gone in 1 year or less) is 22.1 years old.
MagicBoltzRays::if I take out Udrih too, then it's 21.4 years old.
TIGERBLOOD52::THIS TEAM REMINDS ME OF  THE '03-'04 PISTONS!
StlRams1055::Grizz keep Rollin!!! Time to grind!
MagicBoltzRays::we're better without nelson in the line-up, sadly.
chris johnson 558::jameer nelson please retire
MagicBoltzRays::1 loss closer to that #1 pick.
Everyday im Shufflin 290::Any win is a good win GG Magic fans
MemphisGuapo::NO! SLEEP!  Till BROOKLYNN!!!!!
asdbluecfl::Atleast they tried. Go Magic.
rc021363::Great effort by the Magic!
asdbluecfl::We need to see it. I think these guys realize they HAVE to play hard now that JJ's gone. Hopefully these next two drafts work out for us and we'll be back in the playoffs in 2015.
redvictor312::GRIZZLIES STOP BLOWING BIG LEADS ...OMFG
Jbrad24seven113::FTs was the issue tonight.. Not because Rudy takin all the shots.. Ill take that any day cuz we r normally a good FT shooting team
773terry::Memphis you blow
gotigersmemphis87::36-18
Jbrad24seven113::It happens jus like when we gave OKC a good game shorthand ed after Rudy trade
773terry::Should beat these scrubs by 20 fool
rc021363::GG Magic fans.  See ya next game.  Go Grizzlies!!
chris johnson 558::gg griz fans have a nice season and i think we need some respect
rc021363::I always have like the Magic since Memphis Tigers' Penny Hardaway played for them.
AKsparky907::U guys played the grizz tough.
TheJTram::Hey yall dont have to demand it lol I already respect em for staying in this game
cs14back::ahem
cs14back::back to back 88 to 82 wins
TheJTram::Hey at least yall went down fighting with a 7 man rotation...we got blown out by the Pacers by 32 points lol. That's a great effort to stay in the game
rc021363::Everyone has a bad night, guess tonight was Piston's time.  Sorry, about the loss.
Jbrad24seven113::Lol that's cause Rudy tried to 1 up Paul George all game &amp; failed
emthomasjr::It was a win, but it doesn't even feel like it.
AKsparky907::6 in a row is all that matters and when we endup with more wins than the clippers we will get the 3 seed. They can't say "well you have more wins but we are giving the 3 seed to the clippers because you barley beat the magic in February."
Jbrad24seven113::Typical grizz.. Played unmotivated tonight against a far lesser opponent but watch them shoot lights out in BK on Sunday..
rc021363::TA - Grit N Grinding until the end.  I give him credit for trying, but bad foul.
OPENLYUGLY::GG Griz's.
GoTigers2015::6 straight!!!!!!!!
OPENLYUGLY::Magic made them sweat and they had to fould out 2 of the 7 guys to do it!
emthomasjr::Why, Tony?  Deeeeeeem.
Benjamayne::why did TA just foul?
Jbrad24seven113::Grizz have been top 5 all yr in FT%.. Gotta break this lil slump we r in.. This would've been a rout had we met our season %
OPENLYUGLY::CHEAP foul there.
emthomasjr::Goaltending is like one of the easiest calls to make/miss.  Couldn't they have reviewed that?
OPENLYUGLY::FT's 29-7. GAME!
GoTigers2015::dude, Magic get around 15 a game, they are going for a record for least amount of Ft's a game, c'mon
OPENLYUGLY::Yeah, Stern is SADISTIC!
Wolfy_Pants::so many layups//
GoTigers2015::I saw that block Prince had on Miller, was amazing, I look forward to his defensive effort in the playoffs this year
emthomasjr::How the hell do you make a call that bad?
danielc901::Bad call. Gonna get Prince MAD!
OPENLYUGLY::Prince is acting like it's the playoffs.
icepik1234::he wants that block in his stats
Wolfy_Pants::another miss ugh
GoTigers2015::Tayshaun is MAD
Benjamayne::no way that was a goaltend
OPENLYUGLY::Magic get a LEGIT PG to run this team and a couple of other pieces and they should be pretty good.
Jbrad24seven113::Can't shoot like this at the line on Sunday or we will lose
obamaagainin2012::Number 1 Seed=$@%! this year
mcozone::Should have known better.  Vegas was begging for me to take the Grizz.  and i doubled down on the 2h to boot.
bluewhitetitansfight::Nice talking to everyone, God bless. Best of luck to the Magic on the second half of the season. Go Grizzlies let's GNG in primetime against the Nets!
