Ben::Hey Vincent. Hello fellow Laker fan. I would like to offer you English classes free of charge. You are a fellow Laker. I want you to be on the top of your game. After all, we are in the rare position of having to defend ourselves against a very viable haternation. Vincent, you need to be on top of your game dude. Not criticizing you. Just trying to help a fellow Laker. This broken English needs to be repaired so you can fight to the end dude!!!!!
David S::The Good: Coach D'Antoni and his system which can work to some extent with other team castoffs. Second tier bench players like Meeks, Johnson, Marshall, Hill, and Young can play in this run and gun style.  The Bad: Lack of defense, aging roster  The Ugly: Really bad contracts giving the Lakers little or no maneuvering room. Draft choices traded away, and for what? Dwight Howard mismanagement.
Ben::Can't remember the last time the fans got a taco.
Ben::For anyone who wants to become a Laker fan, applications are being taken now!
Darth Apollyon::The Lakers defeat I expected.  What I did not expect was for the game to be so close.  Brown is such a bad coach.  He supposed to be a coach that specializes in defense, and yet his defense is a joke.  This Cavaliers' team could go far with a good coach as they have great talent among their ranks.
If its brown, flush it down::Remember when the Lakers traded for Nash and how  Laker fans were talking NBA Championships? LOL
KAMAL::This is pathetic! All these so-called Laker fans calling the team garbage  do not know ANYTHING about basketball. This team of cast-offs was 13-13 after 26 games this year and were fun to watch. The injury-bug that plagued them last year is a lot  worse this year. Before they got  Marshall to play point , they had an eight man rotation which if you were paying any attention to the games , all of you would see that the team ran out of gas by the 3- 4th quarters. This  is a rebuilding year--- unlike most teams in the NBA that take years (decades for the Warriors and others) ,the Laker machine is always competive and always in the mix for a championship run!!  Hang in there you true Lakers fan (like me since 1968) and we will turn this around very quickly;  we will another title BEFORE the Clippers ever win one and before Howard and his Rockets!! probably even before the Warriors whose one and only title was 1975???
kobe::I already expected this to happen.
DDOG::I had some great pom poms until I got really hungry one day.
Bengay::Usually I just throw them in the hamper.
