Scottpilgrim32::Most impressive Mavericks. I'm glad to see the fight now that we need to make a push. San Antonio is next. LET'S GET IT POPPIN
Jordanmatt1::Vince's career was heading down when he was moved to Phoenix from Orlando, its nice to have another go to guy in the 4th along with Dirk.  The New Orleans game along with the Detroit and Milwaukee contests were won by Vince alone.  I think him and Dirk in the 4th quarter give the Mavs a great chance to compete.  We wont win jack this year, but they played their a$$es off last night.
Degenerate Drunk II::Only three wins away from .500. Get rid of that beard Dirk, you homeless lookin' German.
blabla2k::carterclutch
colobr731::Well so much for the new good Brandon Jennings, as good as he was for 4 games he was equally as bad in the last 2.
notoriouspig15::f.ing bucks, you beat GS on the road and choke it at home to a team that loses 60% of their road games go figure
epitome1986::i feel like dallas needs to feed the ball to dirk, to show that dirk can still drop 20+ a game and try to attract players to join him in dallas.
drac1100::The intensity was different with the Mavs tonight.  Hey, they are no finals team and maybe not even playoff bound, but couple weeks ago they would get up 10 and it was guaranteed they would slack off and lose the lead.  Little different gear tonight.  Desperation or whatever it is, i'll take it.
boomer0486::Bring Kareem Abdul in Milwaukee!
boomer0486::as the coach
AdamFinesse::Vince Carter is taking JET's role and more!
pogi_mavs::mavs should draft a point guard and center like burke and gobert...
colobr731::You guys can have Jennings next year. Really hope that Cuban makes some ridiculous offer to him and the Bucks won't match it.
sweet_lew09::lol the bucks have some of the worst defensive guards in the game, and some of the best defensive big men in the league
colobr731::This is the truth, thank you for noticing.
boudz::I cannot argue that
ghughes3::Every time I look at the box scores these days, VC is filling it up..  Outstanding, yet a little surprising!
Jumeax::People make a ig deal about what Kobe is achieving, "at this age" at 34 But honesely is moving and looking better than a few eyars ago,  but you look around the leauge, and Vince Carter, Jermaine o'neal both physically deteriorated, and have had physical resurgences  Sure Carter is not performing at the level of Kobe, and Oneal is not at the level of Carter,  but it is definite physical improvements (based on a few years ago)
iownamicrowave::Partied with Jim O'brien and Rick Carlisle after a Steve Winwood concert
lehmanator123::Don't look now but the Mavs have been playing better lately
Destruct0id::Mavs might be shaving sooner then later.
.Hero::They play the Spurs next, so not so fast.
slam_DORK_on_u::u my $@%!$!!11
DeerandBeer3rdaccount::Jennings got owned by Mike James..Jennings is pathetic.. Good game from Ellis though
colobr731::He got owned by Isaiah Thomas and Jimmer Fredete in the last game, hes terrible. theres no doubt about it anymore, he shouldn't even be a starter in the NBA at this point. Almost never on offensively anymore and never can play defense.
lester4586::jennings monta and reddick was playing good together so lets see if jennings want to play when they go to washington
LetsGoMavs-::I think Jennings is trying to impress the mavs since he wants to play for them next season. Right now I like Ellis more though
jpeagle33::we need tobias harris back
TakeAChance51::Started betting with a system called SportsBettingStar now for a couple of months.  I found this on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.  Since I started, Ive made around $3,000 a month just following it.  Ive tried a few systems in the past and nothing compares to how well this one does.
TakeAChance51::Ive been following a betting system called SportsBettingStar a few months back.  Since I started playing this system, Ive doubled my earnings in just 60 days using it.  You can find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
TakeAChance51::I've been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back. Since I started playing this system I have doubled my money in just two months. You can find this system on the first page of google if you search the words Sports Betting System.  I recommend this system to anyone that likes to bet on sports like I do
lester4586::when everybody was monta i kept saying he is the best player on the team he is a creator and slasher not a run off screen jump shooter if they had played more through monta all season they would be a fifth or sixth seed now not 8th now they have reddick and im glad he can use screens and shoot jumpers well now they jennings have to wanna be the pg that he say he can be
lester4586::i bet dallas would trade mayo for him right now and where was when they played in dallas or tonight
lester4586::thats why no one wanted him and he only got a one year deal and he is making dallas so much better
ishnock::I disagree ,,,  this season:  mayo is 17/4/4 on 46 percent shooting, and 42 percent from 3 monta is 19/5/4 on 41 percent shooting and like 31 percent from 3.   mayo is the more efficient player
lester4586::i know thats why mayo career numbers are better than his in his bad season this one he is better than mayo
ishnock::mayo can get 30 in 14-15 shots ..monta usually needs 24-28 shots to get his numbers. I just think he is ball-dominating guard who is more of a subtraction than an addition when it comes to the overall play of the team.
lester4586::he guards the best one or two every game look at their numbers vs him i watch but steals is defense
ishnock::steals are not defense. His one on one defense is no good. He just knows how to attack the passing lane...getting steals does not mean good defender
lester4586::the west does not matter they are in the east ignorant argument defense over 2 steals per game
lester4586::im glad the mavs won i like the jet and dirk
ishnock::Those are secondary numbers compared to the bigger picture, because GS is clearly better than the bucks. . if the bucks were in the west, they wouldn't make the playoffs...  I just think monta is wayyyyy overrated and he is an undersized 2 guard, who is a liability on defense....
LetsGoMavs-::2007 67 win teams Mav = Better than everyone except for Golden State  Only team standing in our way was Golden State. Had a hard time vs them even in the regular season that year. Glad we won the NBA title in 2010-11 to forget about all that
lester4586::since the trade the bucks is 3-0 vs gs
lester4586::i remeber they made the playoffs with him leading the team in scoring and beating dallas the 1 seed in the playoffs
ishnock::He is a volume shooter, and nothing else. He will not make your team better. ,,look at how GS is so much better without him.
lester4586::no need
JrueRandallHoliday::Here, you can borrow one of these. . . . .
lester4586::you are ignorant 46 percent for his career
ishnock::monta sucks...41 percent shooter....  He is volume shooter, and nothing else. His style of play is downright cancerous.
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::The last month he has shot 52%.
lester4586::bucks still have a chance at the 5 hopefully they get it even with the lost thy are still playing good
Eg214::Dallas rolled milwaukee in basketball and baseball
mvc123123::andd the bucks are going to make playoffs and mavs have 12.5% chance still
LetsGoMavs-::Bucks can lose 10 straight games and still make the playoffs. That is how horrible the east is   Mavs have been to the playoffs 12 years in a row since 2000. We are ok with taking 1 year of even though it wouldn't feel the same
ishnock::Dallas has really over-performed this year.   - dirk missed the beginning of the season. He should have gotten the surgery done in the off season - oj mayo carried dallas during the regular season...where would dallas be had it not been for those early season victories? - overcoming pg issues -  didn't break the bank to bring in players ..mostly rentals ....  compared to what the lakers and houston spent, and where their payrolls are....donnie and cubes are geniuses
ishnock::exactly^^^^^  get a solid pg, and a solid inside defender and rebounder ..those positions have cost us a lot of close games..  dirk's lack of defense is killing us ....tyson was able to offset that ...
LetsGoMavs-::exactly. We need a pass first pg and a center. I will bet you 100% it will be corrected this summer. We might even try trading for Cousins
no look high five::Who! Who are we going to land? We had our guy and we let him walk for a damn pipe dream that never panned out.
LetsGoMavs-::Knowing Cuban he hates losing as we Mavs fans do. He will make us back to competing for a NBA title next season like the last 12 years. Glad we have more cap space this year than last season
claiborne41::trying to be optimistic about the situation.. :)
no look high five::I just don't want to get my hopes up. I got out of the 2000's alive with a championship. All I ever had was hope, and it payed off in the end. - But honestly it very easily could've gone the other way. I am cautious at this point.
ishnock::How do you know oj is as good as gone?  he has to now that he really fits in here. This team gets along really well, and they have a lot of chemistry.   He would be stupid to go somewhere else, and fall into a situation similar to what he experienced in his memphis   I really like this team ..just needs a center and some pgs
no look high five::he's not a pure center. and certainly not a center you can build around.
JrueRandallHoliday::ishnock - I would love to get my hands on okafor....great shot blocker, rebounder, does not need to score ....hard worker  *And he's quite handsome, too.
LetsGoMavs-::no need for negativity here no look high five. By the way JJ Hicksons is a center. Maybe you should watch the nBA more  http://espn.go.com/nba/player/_/id/3437/jj-hickson
no look high five::I do like your optimism though. We need a voice like yours. I'm just playing devils advocate.
no look high five::Bynum - Hell no! Pek -plausible  Dalembert - plausible, not Tyson Dejuan Blair - He's a PF. (and btw I wanted the mavs to draft him, but they didn't) Al Jeff - Too Old, No enough heart.  Howard - That'd be great. Not happening. Hickson - PF   We need a young,  defensive minded, PURE center. Dwight is the best option here, and that won't happen.
ishnock::I would love to get my hands on okafor....great shot blocker, rebounder, does not need to score ....hard worker
LetsGoMavs-::Centers to choose from: Andrew Bynum, Pekovik, Dalembert, Dejuan Blair, Al Jefferson, Dwight Howard, JJ Hickson, and many more  I really hope Mavs get JJ Hickson and he's only 25. He's been a double double machine for Portland all year.
no look high five::I just always felt like this was an audition for him. And he's playing well enough to get a solid offer from other teams that are further along in the building process.  I don't think he'd be stupid to leave. He's going to test the market and the market will ultimately get him. This roster is too far gone.   And news flash. We've always needed a center. We had one once, and we won a championship. - Now tell me who is out there who is on the level of Tyson?
no look high five::Yeah. But are we building? OJ is as good as gone.   Then what?
Broken j::Statistically the Bucks did better than the Mavs but FT attempts killed them
Justinkm83::FG%?
-FEARTHEDEER-::Even though I wish we could have moved up, at least hawks and boston losing kept it the same as it is now.
lester4586::three more games with the hawks the bucks have to win all
claiborne41::in contrary to mavs, lakers remaining schedule are easier than the mavs
LetsGoMavs-::Stern loves the lakers. Gave them an easy schedule toward the end of the year
LetsGoMavs-::Really hope mavs make the playoffs for the 13th consecutive year. Wouldn't be the same without them.
justfilmit::Anybody know why Marion didn't play?
justfilmit::Thanks. Been out of the loop for about a month now with whats going in in Mavs World. Hoping it'll calm down by the time the Mavs make the playoffs :)
claiborne41::calf muscle injury..
FullMetalx317::What will MAVS go in this stretch OKC, Atlanta, Brooklyn, Boston, Utah, Clippers, Pacers, Chicago, lakers, Denver  I'm hoping hopefully .500 with us beating Brooklyn, Boston, Utah, Chicago, Atlanta?
claiborne41::brutal sched.. goodluck to my mavs
dallasmavs258::Man, that's a pretty tough stretch
flankton::should beat Utah, would be nice to hand the Lakers a loss!  those teams are good
chris johnson 558::by the way thank you for tobias harris 17p/15reb/3blk vs lakers tonight
chris johnson 558::mike dunleavy is a very bad defender since duke days
KswizzyD777::even when people were bashing ellis... he never  had bad games like jennings
dallasmavs258::I hope VC stay a Mav until he retires. I know it's probably best for the team if we traded him but I don't reckon I've loved a player that's been here for 1 and half years as much as him lol
Steelers_Mavs_RedSox_Penguins::Mavs have him locked up for next year. Hopefully we will be competing by next season and he's playing in the same level. He would be 6th man this year if we were contenders like the last 12 years. Really would have been nice if we would have been part of our 2010 title team
flankton::finally has an owner that respects him, only took 15 years of dropping dimes
dallasmavs258::No $@%!
Joe38432::Vc is carrying the mavs he's my 6th man of the year
mackmilitary::Soooooo Boston looses...Atlanta Looses...and Jennings gives the game to Mark Cubans Mavs...im 98% he will be in a dallas uni in 2014
FullMetalx317::Honestly I don't want him to be.
Abner7716::Hopefully Wright will take the SF position as a backup for Marion. I think it's a better position for him rather than a center or PF
badboycheeko::MAVS WIN YEAH VINCE TORE IT UP !!
flankton::Mike Dunleavy was like dang, VC you were blowin up when I was in pampers!!!
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::the season is not dead yet for Mavs! just 19games to win and with 49-33 they could be 6th-7th!
claiborne41::in those 19 games remaining, spurs okc, clips, memphis, bulls, pacers, hawks,utah are waiting.. brutal schedule for the mavs.. while the opposite for the lakers.
JGriggers5::Well aren't you Mr. the glass as completely full and spilling over the edges.
Substanser::Mavs are not going for the playoffs. They're only going for the .500 so that they can shave.
KswizzyD777::i been sayin this whole season.. jennings numbers are inflated.  his layups are too goofy looking to be in the nba.
ttooom22::both thesse teams suckkkkkkkkkkkk
chris johnson 558::vince carter will always be a great player i respect this guy he really deserve a ring
KswizzyD777::magics did him dirty ! the last season he even cared, they gave up on him
buckspackers23::With the Celtics and Hawks both losing, the Bucks had a chance to move up. But, Vince Carter didn't let that happen.
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::Jennings needs to get passing lessons from Tebow.
JGriggers5::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::30-33 ... still 19 games to play. Mavs have a chance!
jakeprimetime::jennings played hard for the first 6 minutes and after that he quit.
FullMetalx317::3 games under .500. We can beat SA depending on who is active. Cleveland SHOULD be  a win. But then the monster- OKC, Atlanta, Brooklyn, Boston, Utah, Clippers, Pacers, Chicago, lakers, Denver. Lol we might go on a 10 game losing streak.
Substanser::Schedule is brutal.
