ThunderHornz::So now we have the rockets.......
TehGame::Fricken idiots Bucks management... Just think we could have Tobias and Henson right now, what an absolutely pathetic trade.
Laoboyfresh::Thunders is nothing without kd.KD should be the mayor also because he out that town on the map
ThunderHornz::Back on your meds
-tpac_12::OKC fans just hope they don't face Miami or Denver in the playoffs lmao
collegeballer88::Because the Bucks starters beat up on OKC's D-league team?
Bucky Scribner::Starters?  Ellis - 11 minutes Jennings - 23 minutes Sanders - DNP Ilyasova - DNP Daniels - 17 minutes  Yeah, tons of minutes played by the Bucks starters!
Miller Park After Dark::PROST!
Orlando8785::Good for PJIII
thoier::Bucks proved tonight they're the team to beat in the East.
RDavison82::Lol, against the Thunder jv team?
T-F-U-I-D-::Good work Bucks, good effort 66ers!
Boomtown405::Lol
Nate_Dreads367667::Get in this: http://tinyurl.com/free-nba-challenge5
tennischmp::last win until next season for the bucks
thoier::Go Tennis!!!!  Yay Tennis!!!
jennings414::Bucks fan here and I agree.
squiddy45::watch, henson wont get more than 10 minutes in the playoffs. Boylan better smarten up
Herkaleez::Yep Boylan is brain dead
JMars Fan 28 9::is larry injured???
d_bokk::think they're letting him rest to heal his back, but also limiting the chances he gets techs. He's got to be pretty close to an automatic suspension soon
rcravillion08::hes "injured"
d_bokk::GG OKC, we'll see you in the Finals.
Boomtown405::Lol sounds good
Couldnt think of a clever username::why did westbrook play?
stevej2555::To maintain his perfect attendance
stevej2555::Still going to be hoping Rockets win tonight. Definitely want to see the Thunder sweep them.
stevej2555::Lakers that is
sponsoredbytwinkie::this board had 621 comments.. the Lakers have 5000+ pregame.. good times for haters
-FEARTHEDEER-::that's what I like about our boards. We can actual talk about the game and the bucks as a whole. Not just completely annoying troll comments like all the big teams.
-FEARTHEDEER-::fine with me.
sponsoredbytwinkie::there is definitely a respect level on our boards, but maybe that's because we're not considered a threat
-FEARTHEDEER-::yeah but most of the time it's good except when we play teams like them. And we have trolls but nowhere near the trolls on heat/lakers boards
sponsoredbytwinkie::we do have our share of trolls though
stevej2555::except when we play the lakers
bbslugger457::Seems Bob Stoops was just vagnninally wraiped in a Norman alley...damn
sponsoredbytwinkie::Tobias with 19 points/8 rebounds
rcravillion08::John Henson 28p/16r
austin120020::Ok
TheBlazingFlame::Clearly OKC let milwaukee win so that they would have confidence when facing the Heat in the playoffs.
TheBlazingFlame::Well I was a rockets fan until Yao Ming retired so pretty much.
airemark::Eclectic, nice picks
TheBlazingFlame::I don't like the celtics and I've always been a durant fan since he was in college. Sue me :(
sponsoredbytwinkie::Maniacpkt - if he's a fan, he's a fan.  doesn't really matter  the only reason it bugs me is when a bandwagon fan comes on a board and talks smack.. that's all
stevej2555::He said durant fan not basketball fan. do you even read bro
Maniacpkt::if he's a fan, he's a fan.  doesn't really matter
sponsoredbytwinkie::that 1 year he spent in college? so you've only been a basketball fan for like 5 years?
bbslugger457::Not a bad idea, actually
sponsoredbytwinkie::this from the Boston area Thunder fan
GrapeOKAllDay35::SMH
austin120020::#FreeGooden
sponsoredbytwinkie::of his contract
bbslugger457::Did a 60 something year old baseball legend just score 23 points in an NBA game?
airemark::Mr October himself, but it was the Bucks
sponsoredbytwinkie::why are you here Trollio?
sponsoredbytwinkie::cool... Goodbye
bbslugger457::Because it's better than Milwaukee
polomontana::LAMB 6-21!!!
dm1ze::It was one game... Leave it to genius coach Scott Brooks to play him 2 minutes every other week and then throw him in the last game of the season for 41.  He would've had a solid year I'm sure if actually played consistently.
packersfanfrom89::He would be a nice addition to the Bucks with those numbers.
stevej2555::the greatest brick empire ever built
-----Milwaukee Bucks----- 3.0::Forget brick houses, brick villages would be built.
Inframzah::After seeing the Spurs tonight, I have them on upset alert.
bbslugger457::Spurs will roll those undisciplined hoods from H-Town
-----Milwaukee Bucks----- 3.0::Regardless, that will be an entertaining series.
sponsoredbytwinkie::against the Rockets? hell yes
cfrank01::Guess we should have let KD play.  Losing to the Bucks!  Are you kidding me?
collegeballer88::And watch him roll and ankle in the 3rd quarter of a meaningless game...
bbslugger457::This was not a real game...come on now!
-----Milwaukee Bucks----- 3.0::I'm going to throw this crazy idea out there and guess the Thunder were resting for the playoffs.
sponsoredbytwinkie::eat a diq
Maniacpkt::pseudo-bucks vs pseudo-thunder
Maniacpkt::pretty much
bbslugger457::In uniform only
thunderguy80::our 3rd string played 30 minutes....u must remember Lamb,Liggins,Jones III and Orton haven't played hardly any minutes at all this season...they avg 2 1/2 ninutes a game then all of a sudden playing over 30 minutes in 1 game ...give them a break..
Eajags2825::Key for the Bucks against Miami is to not head into the series like a 16 playing a 1. Don't be happy to be there. Be happy when you win the series. Good luck to the Bucks and the Thunder in the playoffs!
stevej2555::Yeah but don't be depressed either, like some "fans" are
sponsoredbytwinkie::we're not a 16.. last time I checked we beat the Lakers and Houston in the last games we played
sponsoredbytwinkie::cool bandwagoneer.. tell me more
bbslugger457::No. You're a 37.5 and 44 eight seed (only get a half win tonight).
bbslugger457::Key is that Lebron, Wade and Bosh don't play.
Canesfan7777777::Wow did we just win? Yess
bbslugger457::If you want to take the credit
The Legendary Bobcats::Maybe Reddick will get it to go in the playoffs...
sponsoredbytwinkie::we need out power trio to be a power trio or a sweep is a comin'
I like the Bucks::I'm out also, GG Thunder, easily the team I am hoping to see come out of the West.
bbslugger457::Better hope it's the Lakers
GrapeOKAllDay35::60-22
sponsoredbytwinkie::embarrassing effort from the Jazz tonight in a must win game
stevej2555::It would be more fun to see the Lakers not get into the playoffs.
bbslugger457::who cares?
ThunderHornz::Good luck and good health Bucks!
DaveOK69::Good game Bucks fans. Congrats on the win, and good luck in the playoffs.
Eajags2825::The Bucks will beat the Heat in 7  games, and if they don't it's because the NBA's rigged
bbslugger457::Funny
Eajags2825::Thanks
-----Milwaukee Bucks----- 3.0::GG Thunder fans. See you in the Finals.
Jacks_Link::GG. I'll be pulling for you guys. Go Bucks!
-----Milwaukee Bucks----- 3.0::I will be doing the same for the Thunder.  Small Market Power!!!!!
I like the Bucks::LOL yes
-----Milwaukee Bucks----- 3.0::;-)
sponsoredbytwinkie::I expect the Mavericks to go hard after Jennings this summer.. then we just have to choose if we want to pay him max money, which he hasn't earned
I like the Bucks::They are giving us the win haha thank goodness
jason7457::Well, OKC fans, with the exception of Reggie, I hope these guys don't play much.
CUBAN HONEY.-::Miamis bench would destroy both these teams
airemark::That's not our bench wench
I like the Bucks::I am really to the point where I don't care who comes back in Ellis and Jennings....we just need a solid SG for once who is efficient.
GetHype88::Henson and Sanders are going to be great for years to come. We have guards too, now we just need a coach who can get these guys motivated.
-----Milwaukee Bucks----- 3.0::Bucks need to draft and sign some guards this offseason.
sponsoredbytwinkie::what guards do we have? Redick who's a free agent? Or Monta who's a free agent?
berr3555::don't get it, TO with 58 sec left and 9 point lead
baller1016::Lamb needs to stop shooting. If you're 4-20, it's clearly not your night
sponsoredbytwinkie::he's not gonna play during the playoffs.. let him chuck
-----Milwaukee Bucks----- 3.0::"I taught him well."  Kobe
WINsconsin442::K should be last game of season for Bucks.
thunderguy80::see this is why Brooks should of played this young core when they had big leads early in the 4th quarter,to get these youngsters some experience
Harason1526::Daniel Orton better get major minutes next year. He clearly has the most offensive potential at the 5. Everytime I see him play I'm impressed by his skill. Perkins needs to go.
-----Milwaukee Bucks----- 3.0::He is a very prolific player like is brother Kyle Orton.
Lemon Grab::Lamb or Current Tracy McGrady?
ThunderHornz::Good to see the youngsters- a lot of promise though much work needed. Like the up side....
sponsoredbytwinkie::Perry Jones is wack.. so glad the Bucks didn't fall for that trap
Inframzah::Trade Lamb while he has some type of value.
Lemon Grab::Collision has a nose like Richard Nixon
brandonstephensy::So LAL will be 7th seed?
