jetzyy::Are you kidding me Jared Jeffries. How did you make it this far when you can't make a layup.incredible !!!
surfzone365::Knicks fans brought back to earth last night.  You're not winning in Chicago, and are lucky to win in NY vs the Bulls.  Sunday was a fluke, so the Knicks already won their championship.
ronbo 236::Looks like Carmelo needed 40 +points again to beat the Bulls but came up 12 points shy..don't expect him to get those big numbers if they face the Bulls in the play-offs its a different atmosphere!!!
jetzyy::Yup, Indiana gave Chi a run for their money last year... then Chi came back down to earth vs the Heat.
_Stay_Classy_::The Knicks strip the ball incredibly well. Either the refs missed a lot of calls, or Mike Woodson is one helluva coach. Probably a littl bit of both, but credit Woodson for getting the Knicks to actually play solid defense.
jayshah96::DRose has many of the same qualities that people were blaming Melo for having earlier. I think Melo is a much better overall player. If he was so rusty then why in the right state of mind would he shoot the ball 26 times?
ronbo 236::He took some bad shots in the first half and couldn't get going and actually didn't play much that half...in the second half he actually took good shots and made most of them, he had like 20 points in the second half after shaking off a rusty beginning which I expected....nothing to worry about with Rose!!!
_Stay_Classy_::One of the only flaws that the Bulls have is that they give Rose too much freedom on offense. If he settled down adn had 20-10 game, I think they would have beat the Knick easily.
jayshah96::Hmm, Im a huge knicks fan, and while I disagreed with many calls that the Bulls got last night, the main reason we lost was definatly rebounding. When STAT is back, hopefully atleast, there will be a different story in the playoffs(if we play you guys)
ronbo 236::It don't matter what player is on any team because Chicago destroys everyone on the boards...#1 in rebounds, #2 in points allowed, and #4 in assists per game..that's domination!!
michaelterlizzi::some bad calls.. one on shumpert, and yeah stoudemire will be huge for us against teams like chicago / boston
ronbo 236::I'll say Shumpert got away with a call on Rose the last play of that game but i'm not like that!!
tranScend::JR Smith &gt; Cotton Candy &gt; Landry Fields
andre3000nyt::A comment on the relevance of the Knicks.  Chicago beats them by 12 last night and Hollinger drops CHICAGO's rating by .099.  So you get negative credit for beating them by a dozen.  Nice.
cpkirkley::No, they lost points for getting beaten in the first place. If the Bulls are so untouchable, the lowly Knicks shouldnt have even been in either game, let alone have 7+ point leads in either contest...  Thats not to say that the Bulls are bad, far from it - but Hollinger goes by a bunch of different factors, and they fact that they were losing to the Knicks in both games does indeed mean something in his system.
ronbo 236::All you Knick fans hoping to play Chicago in the first round instead of the Heat well I hope that happens because it will be great going 7-1 against the Knicks this year....Agree?
jayshah96::I can see them beating the Bulls
ronbo 236::Must we tell jokes guys Hahahaha!!
cpkirkley::It wont be a sweep - the knicks would take the Bulls to 6 games - I can see them winning two games at home against the bulls.
Danny74068::Bulls!!!!
Bluhntman::I watch every game. I love the Bulls. Why did Derrick keep shooting after he kept missing, he had like what 3 assists? He should have been more of a facilitator. He doesn't need to drive until halfway through the fourth. It's worrying me going into the playoffs.
53Kevin::For the first time in a while,this is a clean board.=NO HEAT TROLL GARBAGE.LOL
cpkirkley::dont say anything maybe theyll stay away
ronbo 236::Fun Fact:   Nice defense last night Heat, you gave up 60% shooting to Celtics and that's the highest percentage for how long...If you play defense like that at home against the Bulls if we face you in the play-offs don't expect to beat us
a_boogz::The Bulls are better without Rose ONLY when he has a game like Sunday and shoots 8-26 with 8 turnovers. Comparing Sunday to last night just because they played the same team is just stupid.
The General 247::As a Knicks fan, I think we got a little too cocky with this win over CHI.  I would have rather won the game in convincing fashion, beat them by double digits.  The only good thing that came out of that victory was Melo's performance.  He played like the true prolific scorer that he is and is finally earning his salary.
andre3000nyt::Ya think?
a_boogz::Carmelo scores 43 points + 19 turnovers + Rose shoots 8-26 = 1 point OT loss
cpkirkley::If the knicks had any defensive consistency - theyd have won that game going away. THAT is the knicks biggest problem, they get complacent in the face of success and let teams stumble their way back into games with sloppy passing and lazy D.
adkhanz::Plus 4 missed free throws by Deng and Rose (80% FT shooters)
Thechi-gurl::Agreed. Those free throws just killed me  (that and Mello's three)
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::most players are rusty when they miss 12 games. and they still should have won that game.
Thechi-gurl::Heat fans are all distracted by the Ozzie thing.  Where was LBJ in the fourth quarter?   As for the Bulls, Rip looked great, Kyle played like Taj, but really it's just simple math:  [(Lu + Noah + Boozer) X second unit2 +/- Rip = good], but plus Derrick = better.
spokharkar::Slight change! [(Lu + Noah + Boozer) X second unit2 +/- Rip = Eastern final ], but plus Derrick = Championship.
Thechi-gurl::From your keyboard to David Stern's screen.
CLUTCHOLOGIST::Dont get me wrong, Rose is a good, but when he plays the ball sticks too much, no one is moving and he tend to go 1 on 5 way too much! Not too mention the countless times he chokes, the Bulls are better off without him!
ronbo 236::Actually the Heat are not as good without Lebrick because their bench blows which makes them in a no win situation since they have the biggest choker of all time!!!!
53Kevin::Are the Heat better without Lebron,he chokes.
BHodge30::Most ignorant comment ive ever seen. To say a team is better without their best player is just moronic.
Doneebear::As much as I have enjoyed watching D Rose play, last nights game proved the team can play better right now without D Rose!  Very sad for me to say as a long time Bulls fan, but watching the first Knicks/Bulls game made me believe right now the Bulls are better off without D Rose in the game!  Get well Derrick, but don't come back until you are 100%!
ronbo 236::Rose didn't have his best game the other night and they still almost won...oh yeah we need the reigning MVP!!
The General 247::Every team needs that one Go-To person down the stretch in the playoffs...without Rose, who are you going to go to?  Boozer? Deng?  Good overall players but not leaders to carry a team in crunch time.
Thechi-gurl::Not that I would make a habit of it, but I would have gone to Boozer for the last shot against the Knicks on Sunday.  He was wide open with the double team on Derrick and in range for his favorite little shot he has been making a lot of lately.  This of course only works when you have Derrick on the floor.
The General 247::But at the same time, I just don't see that Bulls roster without Rose in the lineup winning a championship.
53Kevin::Now thats a great point,I'm a Bulls fan and can see that.Some fans don't see the big picture.Oh sure,the Bulls can win a few regular season games without Rose,maybe even one or two games in a playoff series.But to say that the Bulls are better without Rose is just insane considering that after MJ left and b4 Rose got there,the Bulls were at the bottom of the league.If they look at the big picture then they can see clearly that it is no way in hell the Bulls are better without Rose.
53Kevin::If any Bulls fan keeps thinking the Bulls are better without Rose,then the Bulls should trade Rose.
bird gang ceo::wth is wrong with the knicks the third most talented team in the east is struggling to make the playoffs pathetic
The General 247::D'Antoni ruined it.  He was never a good fit for the Knicks.  That Euro-style fast paced offense was just not the NY way.  Defense all day!!
sportsfans1995::not the 3rd most talented
bcnewcomiu05::not the 3rd most talented team. just a bunch of over rated players
CLUTCHOLOGIST::Fun Fact about the Bulls: they are so much better with out Rose..... Just saying
spokharkar::I think rose needs to be smart. He is still trying too much by himself, he should trust the teammates and pass the ball. I like Rip is getting better and getting into rhythm.How about Kyle Korver!  G8 hustle, defense /blocks and plus 14 points. Most of the time Thibs was keeping him sideline due to his defense issue but last few games he is amazing.
BHodge30::Numbers dont lie? So the Bulls are 29-7 with Rose..... Just killed your argument
CLUTCHOLOGIST::Ha ^^^ numbers don't lie, like the player do! The balls sticks too much when Rose plays, but if you want to remain in denial thats fine.
andre3000nyt::Numbers don't lie.  They prove you're an idiot.
53Kevin::Yeah,then when Bulls start losing without Rose then you'll say"Bulls can't win without Rose".Don't fool yourself,Bulls aint better without Rose.Even the players say that.
53Kevin::Heat Trolls are so funny,if the Heat had won last night they would be all over this board today.Bunch of $@%!$@% who dish out only when the Heat win.
53Kevin::Damn,the Heat Trolls must be taking a long nap.
The General 247::I hope the Bulls pound them just like the Celtics did last night!
ronbo 236::They're scared about the game tomorrow night against the Bulls..they can't even beat our bench let alone the man D-Rose, It's ok Heat we know the big 3 will be crying in the locker room after that game!!
wadrules1::More like they are in hiding.
LEBRON IN THE CLUTCH::Baron Davis shortly after the DengBang : http://espn.go.com/nba/photos?gameId=320410004&amp;photoId=1994727#photo_1994698
ronbo 236::The way Chicago rebounds the ball I can't see anybody beating them in the play offs, Rose will be ready to go and Rip is catching fire and don't forget about their defense it's one of the best and you can't deny that!!
ronbo 236::Bulls did not show up for that game against OKC and thibs said so himself, we didn't have Rose either so if we met in a series defense will take down offense more than not so i'm not worried about Chicago at all especially since Rip feels great and is getting his shot back...I can't wait for the play-offs!!!
spokharkar::I am bull fan bu I think bulls doesn't match with thunder very well. Thunder will be tough to beat in playoff. Rose will have tough time to attack rim b'c of thunder blocking ability. Thunder offense is also one of the best in NBA, they can attack basket as well as can shoot 15 feet jumpers. Chicago has very few guys (Boozer but he is very inconsistent) can shoot 15 footer and their jump shooting percentage is also very low.
Jinxster247::all said if ny wins the games it should and bucks wins the games they should tonights game between them decides who goes to the playoffs
andre3000nyt::Nobody cares.
The General 247::Melo needs to have a big game tonight.  We also need Novak and JR Smith to catch fire.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::very true.  A loss wouldn't neccessarily count us out, but it would speak more to the team's heart.  If NY wants to prove a point, then we need a blowout tonight
-.-.-::They have the Knicks as underdogs but I think we'll be fine
Jinxster247::rofl a 1 point OT win in ny was a statement game for melo well what is a 12 point loss called
Jinxster247::o i like knicks 16 yrs in ny and 20 years in fl so i like all fl teams as well but friends liked bulls so i got hooked back in their glory days. i am more of a b ball fan   who cant like knicks ny is the b ball capitol
andre3000nyt::Yep, and Cleveland is the capital of Rock n Roll.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::a rough draft lol.  we'll be back though just wait
brockkies::I feel for the Bulls. Having their main talent in Rose being hurt so frequently. The team continues to win without him though. I just wonder how it will affect them if Rose can't make a playoff game or two. I would like to see the Bulls against my Thunder in the Finals. Best of luck Chicago!
The General 247::Spurs won't make it past 2nd round...only a matter of time until Ginobli goes down again.  Last year, they had a great record but got an early exit.  The West team to watch out for in these playoffs is the Memphis Grizzlies.  Mark my words.
Thechi-gurl::The Thunder are a great team and it would be a great series.  What about that San Antonio team-- how you going to get through them?
BHodge30::Bulls vs. Thunder would be intense
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::I would have loved to see a healthy Lin in this game.  These are just the type of matchups that he's going to need to take part of if he wants to become a consistent factor in the playoffs.  Its going to be kind of difficult to try and fit someone who doesn't have any playoff experience in towards the end of a series (should NY get 8 and take it that far).  If this is the 1st round series, I think Shump should start a couple minutes at PG, with Baron finishing up the quarter, and Lin coming in at the start of Q2 (if healthy).  Also keep Melo at the 4, and have Amare come in and prvide offense off the bench.  He'll still get his #s, but more like Odom did for LA
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::its not impossible.  If Lin can drop 40 on Kobe, I think he's someone you have to gameplan for.  And Amare has shown he plays better when Melo is hurt, so I think separating their minutes might be a good strategy for this type of situation.  Especially when Melo and Chandler have been exposing you all in the post
lovesports3409::You guys CANNOT hold us. Just get excited about possibly making the playoffs.
53Kevin::The heat chat boards are so much more fun right now,I been ripping them every chance I get.lol
pistonfanstill::Whats it to you really?  How does it effect your lives?
Erica6592::He went 2 for 6 in the fourth quarter!
53Kevin::Don't matter,he still choked.
jamdin05::that sounds good...    love bashing LeBum james...   he scored 36 last night, and lost..  probably went 0-6 in the 4th as usual..  choker
pollock6942::think I may have to go have some fun as well
Coolbrotha36::Did this guy just say Novak going 0-3 made a difference in a 12 point lost.
The General 247::Great point BUT I think MIA will turn on the switch in the playoffs, they'll be a whole different team.
ronbo 236::'been'  correction
ronbo 236::The way the Heat have benn playing lately I can't believe your saying that..The Bulls defense is way better than the Heat's and we are way better in rebounding, the best actually!!!
The General 247::We have a better chance of beating CHI than MIA, due to matchups in the lineup.  We'll be a tough out.  Hoping STAT can come back in time.
ronbo 236::You would rather lose to Chicago than the Heat, well thanks that's a compliment!!
The General 247::I'm hoping the Knicks make the playoffs.  Tonight is a big game for us.  I'll be fine with 8th seed, would rather play Chicago than Miami 1st round anyday.
ronbo 236::More times out of none Melo would not have hit those 3's to tie in regulation and win in overtime..he had one of his better games of the year so don't expect that clutch play down the line but at least that game helped you from getting swept by the Bulls during the season...I f we end up playing the Knicks in the first round expect to be swept but you got to make the play offs first!!
Jinxster247::hahaha a 1 point ot win in ny was  a statement game for melo well what does he call a 12 point loss
ChicagoMoe1::And please don't tell me that Amare would of helped that cause because he only avg like 8-10 a game.
andre3000nyt::-3.  The only stat that matters.
-.-.-::102-105
andre3000nyt::And what was the final score?
-.-.-::Amare scored 34/20 against Chicago so..
53Kevin::They can;t use that Amare excuse becuz last time he played against the Bulls,the Bulls still out rebounded the Knicks.
ChicagoMoe1::your point was more like a list of excuses why they lost. Defense won the Bulls that game and also the play at the glass. Bulls ORB 18 to Knicks 5, Bulls DRB 33 to Knicks 28 thus giving the Bulls a 51-33 advantage. Can't win games when your not getting balls off the glass.
-.-.-::Seriously you do not understand the point of my post.. Maybe you should learn some reading comprehension..
ArcusProtus::see my response to your post below.
-.-.-::Just as I thought you understood the point I was trying to make..
RyanCarranza::But your post is stupid.  They didn't execute their game plan because the Bulls didn't let them.  They lost 3 times.  Get over it
ArcusProtus::Who is this Caged Wisdom guy and what planet did he come from??  A logical, respectful, objective Knicks fan.  You redeem your fanbase well.  Keep up the good work.  And for my part: the knicks have improved greatly in the second half of the season.  They are genuinely talented on defense suddenly and are better than the seed they will earn in the playoffs.  Although I am confident the Bulls can beat them handily in a series, I would still rather play the floundering 76ers or mediocre bucks.  Good luck the rest of the way, NY, I hope you pull into that 7th spot.
The General 247::I think the expectation are too high for the Knicks this season regardless of the injuries we're currently having because we're New York.  I'm a die hard Knicks fan but let's be honest, our team will go nowhere near a championship without Stat and Lin.  I like the Bulls too, but I'd rather play Chi in the first round than the Miami Heat even though Chi has a better record.  Tonight is a must win for us Knicks fans.    Van Gundy brought up a good point last night.  If Lin and Stat do indeed come back in time, how great would this Knicks team be if they both sacrificed and came off the bench as part of the second unit while this first unit runs through Melo.  That would be a huge problem for any opponent. I'm diggin it!  Give this Knicks team a full training camp under Woodson with a healthy Lin and Stat, and I guarantee you we'll be top 3 in the East next year.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::Lol appreciate the compliment.  I love my Knicks, but I think we all can agree we're not quite the team we were supposed to be this season.  We've made great strides since Woody started coaching tho, so I'm optimistic about the playoffs if we get the 8th seed, and next yr too
RyanCarranza::New York is playing a lot better, but the fact that they are all pretty new to this "defense" thing is why they actually might lose games.  They had a lot of fouls last night... Especially "Mr. Lockdown" Shumpert, who had like 5 fouls.  They might make it into the playoffs... I hope they do.
-.-.-::This is exactly what I'm trying to say..
ArcusProtus::this may be true, but the post sounded like you were claiming the Knicks deserved to win, but for a, b, c, d, .... which is, to Bulls fans, a bit convoluted.  The way we see it, the fact that a, b, c, d, etc. all happened MAY be related to the fact that the Knicks aren't good enough to put together a complete game.  Melo only shot 40%? Well, he only shoots .419 on the season, so that isn't all that crazy.  Novack shot poorly from 3?  The Bulls are the best 3 pt defending team in the league, so that isn't all that crazy either.  See what I mean?  Sure, the knicks could've won if this that and the other.  And the queen would be king if she had balls.  Problem is, of course, that the queen doesn;t have balls, and the Knicks aren't good enough for all those conditions to happen in the same game more than once in a while.
mrears401::Spot on!
Erica6592::Ok I am going to go off topic a little bit: D-Rose gets injured, gets called a baby, and the level of concern is high. Kobe is sitting out for the 3rd straight game and it is no big deal. Thoughts?
The General 247::The Bulls will NEED Rose to win a championship.  Period.
ronbo 236::Rose was the best player in the league last season hands down and if you non Bulls fans disagree you were just jealous as f*ck you didn't have him on your sorry team...He didn't have a great game the other night and still had 29 points 6 rebounds 4 assists 1 steal and 1 block and he didn't play much in the first half...now if you fools don't see how important he is to the team you don't know basketball, we have a better winning percentage with him than when we don't....fact!!!!!
pistonfanstill::Its a most dangerous season for high priced investments.  Bulls and Lakers are in no danger of missing Playoffs so why risk more serious damage.  A Milwaukee or a Knicks team dont have that luxury.  Kobe gets a well deserved pass for reasons Chicago Moe says but the NBA gets more Haters then the other sports so what people say negative about great players is usually just jealous rants from a bunch of nobodies.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::LA being LA...Kobe can play, but considering his age, they want him healthy for the playoffs.  I actually thought it was good to sit Rose yesterday, but it just seemed a little convenient that it was after Shumps got in him (I'm sure he was actually hurt, but it was just fire to the fuel for NY fans after Sunday)
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::plus, u ever notice how LA always starts losing right after the all-star break.  Then weeks before the playoffs start, they go on these runs.  Phil Jackson trickery at its finest.  I think coach Brown just wants to keep his job, so he's not risking Kobe not being 100%
ChicagoMoe1::Kobe is sitting out with a sore shin! This man has played with a broken finger or whatever, a broken nose and other stuff but a sore shin. Never knew that your shin could get sore. Its a bigger because Rose is so much younger then Kobe and injuries are more frequent with age. That's why I think people are talking about it more.
iBalliGolfiRun::It's because people are still but hurt that he won the MVP last year.
RyanCarranza::BINGO!
-.-.-::Seeing a lot of cocky Bulls fans here after they won the game. Quick reality check: 1. Knicks are missing a max salary player as well as their only suitable PG. 2. Not sure Rose would have helped you in this game, if he played he'd probably be "rusty" again. 3. Knicks outscored you guys in the 1st and 3rd quarter, and would have won if you don't count the 2nd quarter where they scored 10 points. 4. Novak who leads the league in 3P% went 0-3 again. 5. Average difference in points for the 4 games is less than 5 points. 6. 2 of those games Melo shot less than .400 FG%. Good win for you guys but if you really think that the Knicks at full strength won't be a challenge for the Bulls, you're quite delusional.
a_boogz::If your aunt had a d!ck, she'd be your uncle
a_boogz::LMAO @ "would have won if you don't count the 2nd quarter".... hahahahhahaha!!! Wow
53Kevin::Then quit acting as if the Knicks won a championship like how a lot of knicks fans were acting on these boards monday, just bcuz the Bulls beat themselves from missing ft's.
ummhello3::this comment is idiotic
Coolbrotha36::I can make excuses to, If Shumpert didn't tackle Rose on the last play of the game Sunday then the Bulls win the season series 4-0.
iBalliGolfiRun::My friend you're forgetting that the previous 3 wins the Bulls had against the Knicks, was with a completely healthy NY roster.  Keep digging
RyanCarranza::Their excuse... D'Antoni
ChicagoMoe1::NYK fans need to focus more on even trying to get into the playoffs instead of games against the Bulls. Maybe the reason why their stats are bad is because Chicago played DEFENSE! All those stats you just threw up there show what the Bulls suffocating defense does to a team its drives stats down.
-.-.-::I'm not saying the Knicks are better than the Bulls. My point is that the Knicks aren't completely outmatched like most of you Bulls fans believe.
andre3000nyt::Define "completely".   If you mean we think the Knicks can't win a quarter and can't steal a game here and there, then I think we're all in agreement.  The Knicks can win a quarter and they've shown they can steal a game.  But if you mean "completely" in the usual sense, that every sensible person agrees that Team A is far and above better than Team H (pronounced "8th") then I think if you don't believe that's the case, you're the the guy expecting to see a black swan.
RyanCarranza::Get into the playoffs... then we will talk.
Coolbrotha36::So we are not counting quarters now.
andre3000nyt::IF the Knicks make the playoffs, we'll promise to laugh when you come in explaining how the Knicks won the season series 1-3.
sjr1893::we can argue about it more IF you make the playoffs
mrears401::quick reality check: 1.  Bulls    8. Knicks
iBalliGolfiRun::You're holding onto a miracle that happened in 2007. lol
-.-.-::2007- 8 Seed Golden State Warriors upset 1 Seed Dallas Mavericks
pollock6942::and that 8th is still a little sketchy...
pollock6942::29-28....Nuff said!
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::I love my Knicks, but how can you say "if you don't count the 2nd quarter"?  Gotta play all 48 minutes, and we did not.  Chi's role players outperformed ours, and that's why they won
-.-.-::Yeah but we had no point guard on the court for most of the game. In fact we had no point guard if you consider Davis is in a sorry state right now.
RyanCarranza::You are trying to come up with "What if" scenario's... You only dream about winning with that type of mentality.
-.-.-::Dang, some of you are quite hard of understanding.. That's not the point I'm trying to make..
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::I get ur point, but if it weren't for the cushion NY built in th 1st Q of Sunday's game (and late second heroics by Melo) we would have lost that one too.  Most teams who give up 20 pt leads don't pull it out
-.-.-::Indeed!
RyanCarranza::andre3000nyt... HAHAHA!!! SPOT ON!!
andre3000nyt::And if you exclude most of the season, the Knicks are a contender...
ArcusProtus::what about sunday? if we're allowed to take away quarters, then the bulls get to take away the 1st quarter on sunday, and knicks fans have to apologize for all the $#!t talking they did on account of that one game (which, according to your logic, the bulls would've won, but for the first quarter).
RyanCarranza::And they didn't show up... They lost.  Every game is kinda like that... The 4th quarter doesn't always determine the match.  Sometimes its the first... 2nd or 3rd
-.-.-::Indeed but my point is that the Knicks were not outmatched for most of the game. All it really came down to was the 2nd quarter.
RyanCarranza::Oh how logic is beautiful..
RyanCarranza::Have fun with trying to hold on to your playoff picture tonight.
ronbo 236::The Bucks have beat the Heat twice this year but that's not saying much!!
andre3000nyt::Only because you're too dumb to understand that the Knicks are not a contender.
RyanCarranza::Be worried about seeing Chicago at home again come 3 weeks from now... IF you guys make it that far.
-.-.-::Oh we will. Not worried about the Bucks at all.
iBalliGolfiRun::Sorry buddy, NY is not a CHI's level yet.  Go back to worrying about Milwaukee and Philly.
RyanCarranza::Shoulda, coulda, woulda... You lost 3 times to this Bulls team.  That's why we are talking right now, because you NY fans think winning one game is like winning a series.  It's not... We won the series this season.  That's why we can talk...
Heritage Champion::No need in debating with you groupies any further.:  -You all said the Bulls would lose 1st place without Rose -Then you claimed (hoped) they couldn't sustain the wins... 16-7 without Rose -Then you prayed for the Bulls to lose to NY last night after DRose shot them out of the game a few nights prior...   I'm just gonna sit back and watch it all unfold from here on out. Good luck to the BULLS. Hopefully their great TEAM defense will continue to mask Rose's deficiencies as a point guard once Thibs allows him to come back and sabotage team chemistry on offense. Good Day Rose Groupies
Coolbrotha36::Actually Rose being out is a good thing because it gives the rest of the team confidence.  It helps guys like Rip and CJ get into a groove. Rose is a MVP and will find his role in the lineup.  But the rest of the team needs to have that confidence that even when Rose is on the bench the Bulls can still score points.  Rose is not a cancer, you my friend are a cancer.
iBalliGolfiRun::This guy obviously has never seen a bulls game.   If he did he should know, that the Bulls are better in Assist, Rebounds, and pts with Rose than without.
andre3000nyt::RyanCarranza - I know... He doesn't like facts  Facts are meaningless.  You can use facts to prove anything that's even REMOTELY true. -- Homer Simpson.
RyanCarranza::I know... He doesn't like facts
pollock6942::Bitter about the whoopin last nite eh?  Good luck trying to "EARN" that 8th seed....
Heritage Champion::You're not a very perceptive fella are you? Kind of dumb even? maybe?
Heritage Champion::As he works Rose back into the groove, he will be working the rest of the TEAM out of their groove. Again, they will be relegated to standing around frozen while Rose facilitates offense for himself. Thus they won't be ready to contribute during clutch moments in the playoffs... just like last season...
Heritage Champion::Darn near 4-1 sweep WITH ROSE last year. I beg to differ. The reason the series was so lopsided wasn't because his teammates froze up, it was because he froze them out! It's not that he doesn't trust them, it's that he simply doesn't like to pass the ball. The Bulls defense can only cover up for Rose's selfishness for so long against a good defensive team in a seven game series
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::I agree with you, but I don't think they're "better" per se w/o Rose.  He just needs to get better at keeping his teammates involved throughout the game, as most of them can't crate shots for themselves.  They'd have even less chance against a team like Miami without him tho
mrears401::thought you were going to sit this out....
RyanCarranza::I'm sorry, I didn't know you were Coach Thibs...
mrears401::i cant figure you out.  What point are you trying to make.   What bulls fan would pray for them to lose?   Please.....sit back and don't participate.
andre3000nyt::He's a "Heritage Champion" whatever that is.  So his opinion counts.  Even when it's based on circular logic.
RyanCarranza::I don't understand this guy either... He somehow thinks the Bulls are overall better without Rose and that only Rose fans hope for the Bulls to lose.  It's insane!!
RyanCarranza::I love what the Bulls have accomplished this far into the season, but talent is needed in winning a championship and Derrick will not sabotage the chemistry.  You seem to have forgotten who got Derrick to where he is today... THIBS!!!!  He can work him right back into the groove of things
RyanCarranza::Funny, I was expecting to see the New York fan base on these boards... What happened?  Oh that's right, you guys got stepped on by the #1 team in the league.  To think, you guys actually thought you were a legit threat to this Bulls squad... What a joke.
pistonfanstill::I can appreciate the love for Lin and understand why he's important to a lot of people but the bigger loss was to Amare.  Your failure to appreciate this is suspect because if Amare plays MELO is capable of playing point forward better than the PGs on the team.  If u had the choice of which player to lose the wise one would be Lin if you want a shot at a championship.  Lin was a good story for a down year  but MELO is capable of being a playmaker if Amare is there to take the burden of scoring.
mrears401::its been very civil on this board....you should have been on the Ozzie Guillen board yesterday.....blowin up like crazy with lots of hatin going back and forth....
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::philly still has 9 left, but we don't play them at all again
mrears401::i still say knicks are good for 7th seed.  how many games left with 76ers?
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::yeah the "Rose Injury" board was like that yesterday.  That's why I don't blame Ryan for saying what he said lol.  Knicks Nation was talking mad $@%!, but Sunday had us hyped up.  Now we're just hoping we can lock that 8 seed up so we can see the matchup everybody oustide of Miami wants to watch anyways lol
RyanCarranza::I hardly participated in that one... I just observed the chaos for a couple of mins.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::You're late.  we've already apologized and everything lmao...
RyanCarranza::I know anything can happen, but if you don't rebound the ball... You will not win the game.  Bulls had like 52 rebounds and NY had like 35?  It was a beat down on the boards.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::haha.  seriously tho, I think most of us know that Chi is a better team overall.  But its a good sign for us as a team on the comeup to beat Chi the way we did on Sunday.  Most of us still think this is a matchup that could go 6 or 7 games, and if NY is completely healthy (minus Lin, or hopefully with) we can upset you guys if the moon is full those 2 weeks
RyanCarranza::Well then... Thank you.
GeX.0::lol
TomAmbat::where are all the RIP haters today?? i've been calling you guys out all year for not giving him a chance to bring something to the table. where y'all at???
pistonfanstill::Chicago used RIP with alot of smarts.  Now is his time.  He's had injury problems these last years so why burn him out in a freak season like this early?  He knows the system now and how to play with Rose.
GeX.0::i was with you Tom.  He showed what he was capable of at the beginning of the season (he was averaging around 15ppg at the time).  Dude is a good playmaker too, 5 asts to go with the 20 points.  All that's missing is rose back in his groove and we will see just how dangerous the bulls can be.
jamdin05::i havent seen a game from Rip like that in years..   dont think he's gonna keep it at that level..   he barely missed last night..  had a great game so have to give him credit
GeX.0::rip was averaging ~15ppg when he came back from the 1st injury this season... had a 22 point 10 ast game and a 20 point game also
chisoldier::I've been saying the same thing.  He hadn't played enough to develop a rhythm with the team.  Last nights game was a good sign. I hope he keeps it up.
sjr1893::20 pts, in 21 min. BALLIN!
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::he showed up big yesterday.  We didn't make it too difficult for him either, but he's an intelligent vet who took advantage of NY underestimating him
pollock6942::Nice to see him start to come around after the injury!  Gonna need him in the post season
jamdin05::i think i might be the only NY fan here..  evryone else crawled under a rock..   but its all good..  I represent through the good and bad..   you guys got that last night..   good win without Rose..  good team win
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::Nah we've been on the boards.  Its just that after all the smack talked yesterday its hard not to be slightly more humble today.  My first post was giving props to Chi for playing like it was the playoffs.  On the otherhand, our team looked like it expected Melo to drop 40 again, and that's not going to win us games consistently even if he does
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::yeah i agree.  Lando is gonna have to step it up.  When he plays well, the Knicks win, period.  Gotta get that hunger back, cuz it looks like he's effectively making a case for why he should be a 6th man and not a starter
jamdin05::Rip had 20 and Korver had 16 i think...    if those players give you those points night in and night out, you would be unstoppable..   but they dont..   u need Rose to get healthy and be that MVP player to make some serious noise come playoff time
jamdin05::and it looks like we might meet in the playoffs in the first round..   you guys will have Rose back and we will have STAT..  gonna be good!
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::yeah i don't want him to risk it tho like he did in phx that season after the micrfracture surgery.  I think we're gooing to need 20 and 8 from him to beat Chi though
jamdin05::yea he looked ready to play..   i was sooooped up thinking he might play sunday vs the Heat
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::did you see the shootaround footage of STAT yesterday?  looked like he's gonna be ready
mrears401::props for supportin your team.
mccoywajmu::thats usually how it is...when your team is losing the groupies disappear...only real fans remain
jamdin05::NY fans dont take defeat lightly...   almost like "i have nothing to say" ...  most of my peoples arent hitting me up today regarding the loss but about the big game vs the Bucks
Heritage Champion::Only1/3 of the Chicago fans are true Bulls fans... Most of them are Rose Groupies. They don't care about how his selfish play negatively effects the growth and development of the rest of the TEAM. Nevermind that they play great winning team basketball without him... They just want to see Rose shoot as much as possible while he freezes everyone out. They're fine with that. And they even make ridiculous excuses for him doin it.
Heritage Champion::Case in Point^^^
mrears401::btw....been a bulls fan since the bulls / golden state NBA finals in the mid 70s....DRose has nothing to do with it.
chisoldier::The Bulls have one of the top 3 fan bases in all of basketball.  Check the attendance numbers.  Even during the Tim Floyd years the Bulls still sold out every home game.  I will admit that most Bulls fans give Rose a pass for his play sometimes.  But his good games and plays severely out weigh the negative ones so we put up with it.
pollock6942::I lost brain cells just reading that.  lol
NoAlarmsPlease::He freezes people out???? Bulls are number 1 in the NBA in assist per game in games where D Rose plays. The exact opposite of what you are claiming is the truth.
chisoldier::You cant use facts with idiots. They just cant comprehend them.
mrears401::lol...how long did it take to write that drivel?
GeX.0::what a waste of time lol
sjr1893::what about the Scal groupies?
mccoywajmu::check bulls arena attendance over the past 13 years and get back to me
knicks havent won in 40 years::ur an idiot to really believe the bulls have a chance without drose, and i dont know what u talking about most bulls fans cheer for the bulls even when drose is out
sjr1893::Going to be a good day tomorrow. First watch the Bulls beat the Heat and then watch the Blackhawks beat the Coyotes
Erica6592::Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh buddyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GeX.0::coyotes are the higher seed but they're arguably a worse team
knicks havent won in 40 years::drose needs to come back asap, he needs some games to get  comfortable before the playoffs, last sunday his ball handling look way off, like he hasnt been dribbling during his injury
Erica6592::Chances that we see Rose in the game on thursday:50/50 imho
Erica6592::What I means is that he needs to get into some kind of rhythm BEFORE the playoffs.
Erica6592::You do realize that it could be a problem right?
mrears401::they showed clips of drose doing drills before the game...he looked ok....
mrears401::a sprained ankle?  no.
mrears401::i would rest him even if he was 90%
jamdin05::chicago needs to sit him out the rest of the way..  without a healthy Rose, the Bulls are going nowhere..  Thib knows that and he wont push him to play
jamdin05::LMAO!  a lot of Chicago lovers in here today...   nice...  smh
chisoldier::I see all the Knick lovers have disappeared.  You guys were out in full force after Sunday's game and before last night's game.  I guess that di.ckslapping that the Bulls gave you guys have humbled you Knick fans some.
chi_itbrothers::the knicks need to get past a 8 seed before they can have a board
GeX.0::oh sorry i thought this was a bulls knicks board
andre3000nyt::Why are you upset?  You didn't expect it?
jamdin05::ur right..  just noticed that people everywhere can get in this blog..  my bad..  listen, im still upset we lost..
GeX.0::lol idiot it's the Conversation section of the Bulls - Knicks game
mccoywajmu::umm dude its the espn hosted page for the bulls knicks game
jamdin05::im in ESPN NEW YORK last time i checked
knicks havent won in 40 years::i honestly thought that boozer defense was improving in the last few games because hes been showing hard on the pick roll, but i realized that all hes doing he shows hard but if the offensive player continues to attack boozer just stand like a statue.
chisoldier::Boozer definitely plays with stone fee out there.  He also takes soft fouls when he is beat and allows his guy to get a potential "and 1". He needs to start at least fouling harder when he gets beat.
sjr1893::its really bad when he does one of those stupid fouls for an and 1
knicks havent won in 40 years::they should have a debate on first take about boozer horrible defense
GeX.0::not arguing that it's bad but he did have 3 steals last night
mrears401::nothing to debate.....its horrible.
jamdin05::to have split two games against the "best" team recordwise in the NBA is not a bad thing..   the fact that wack a$$ Rip Hamilton scored 20 is a disgrace and the reason we lost..   Korver having more blocks than Chandler is another disgrace..  i still think the Knicks beat the Bulls in a 7 game series with STAT coming back real soon..   F _ _ _ the Bulls, they are corny just like the Heat..
sjr1893::what you have just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::if Detroit's coach at the time wasn't such a nimrod, RIP would've avg 20 last yr too.  I wouldn't call him wack tho, he's still more than capable of hitting the 20ft jumper at will, especially if you're just handing it to him like NY did last night
chisoldier::Haha keep dreaming. They Knicks would be lucky to pull out 2 games in a series against the Bulls.  That fluke game last sunday gave you Knicks fans some irrational confidence.  Dont forget it took a 43 point from Melo, OT, and Rose and Deng missing last second FT for NY to win that game.  STAT and Melo have already proven that they dont complement each other well on the court. And with the amount of time that Amare has missed you would be a fool to think that NY is just going gel right off the bat.  That takes time. A playoff series is the wrong time to try and develop some on court chemistry.
Coolbrotha36::Lin, Lin. Did you just say Lin will help the Knicks beat the Bulls?  That is hilarious.  Lin is a bum.  Baron Davis is better than he is.  When you had Stat you still lost to the Bulls. It also took Shumpert tackling Rose on the last play of the game for the Knicks to win.  You see last night Shumpert didn't get away with hacking and fouling the Bulls PG's.
mrears401::you won one game this year in overtime against a rusty drose.....melo was out of his mind.   not repeatable in a 7 game series.....bulls &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; knicks
chisoldier::The knicks are not the same team with those guys in the line up.   Melo is not as effective.  Melo is at his best when he dominates the ball.  With Lin and Amare on the floor.  the chemistry is just not there.  Also the Knicks are not as good defensively with Amare and Lin in the lineup
jamdin05::we dont have Lin or STAT..  two of our most important players and we still won..  let us get our players back and see who wins in a series..   when both teams healthy
mrears401::series would be hard fought but not won by knicks....what the hell is corny about the bulls, heat?
pollock6942::Man..I love when Knick fans talk smack even though they are in severe risk of not making the playoffs!
GeX.0::1.  CHI is 3-1 vs NY this season, so you didnt split sh*t 2.  Rip is a really good player and has had a tough year, but putting up 20 is far from unheard of for him. 3.  Korver's blocks... not much to say there 4.  Knicks beat Bulls in a 7 game series?  comon now. 5.  Bulls "corny like the heat"?  i dont even know how to respond to that
Jaywashing::lol
knicks havent won in 40 years::lol @ the knicks, and the bulls are nothing like the heat
andre3000nyt::If you're not afraid of the entire Bulls team, you haven't been watching the NBA these past two years.
jamdin05::to be honest, the Bulls are a ridiculously great rebounding team..  besides that, there is nobody on that team that scares me other than a 100% healthy Rose which is not happening..  the Bulls beat the Knicks in thier house, fine..  all good..   but they are definitely not getting 20 from Rip anymore like last night..  dude hasnt had a good game in a long time..  Knicks when healthy i still think can beat the Bulls even with Rose.
knicks havent won in 40 years::skip bayless called himself a great high school player even though he averaged 1.4 pts a game
chisoldier::It was hilarious when Jalen Rose called him out yesterday.  Skip was so p.issed.  You could see it all in his face.  Jalen called him "water pistol pete jr.  LOL
WHERE IS LEBRALDO::I was mistaken. For a second, I thought you were just posting LeBron's numbers in the 4th quarter.
mrears401::thats just skip being skip.
Erica6592::Hey Bulls fans, If Indy loses tonight, the Bulls clinch the Central divison! Here is the kicker, they are playing the Cavs lol
Erica6592::lol same here!
GeX.0::id be lying if i said i was worried about clinching the central division ;)
mrears401::did we finally get rid of Packers3821?
joshuadhickman03::I said this last night but I will go ahead and apologize once more, yesterday I ran my mouth about the knicks were going to beat the bulls I was complete wrong and what I said was complete nonsence
jammer2009::Knicks fans are much better than Heat fans.  I think every Knicks fan knows that the Bulls are very good.  And, if it comes down to it, i bet every team in the league wants the Bulls to beat the Heat.  We just haven't had a team this good in awhile.  And, with the right coaching and if they can get healthy, the Knicks would be pretty good.
joshuadhickman03::really not fair to bash all heats fan, i just gave a completely honest apology about my trash talk, i like the heat yeah but ?I am a basketball fan first and I watch enough games to know its not far fetched the bulls or even celtics( if they continue to play this way) to make it out of the east
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::I'm actually a Knicks fan that likes LeBron (but wishes he didn't go all the way to Mia to get a ring), so I wouldn't be upset if they actually won.  That being said, being an NY fan I don't like the Heat franchise, and I really just want to see a renewed NY vs MIa rivalry.  Knicks vs Bulls was never really a threat from our side because Jordan was just too damn good lol
mrears401::i think they have the right coach now... after woodson took over, they became very stingy on D...if Knicks add the right players next year, the east could be a three headed monster.
pollock6942::Its a setup....too good to be true..Something is about to go down...lol
joshuadhickman03::no not a setup i was wrong i thought the knicks would win especially without rose but apparently the knicks had a good stretch but this is how i have seen the bulls play all year
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::lol I'l be back to talking s.hit if there's a Bulls vs Knicks 1st round.  I think that'll be closer than people want to give us credit for, but its going to take waaaaay more effort than NY gave last night
GeX.0::that makes 2 gracious knicks fans... im at a loss for words lol
pistonfanstill::U would do better to be concerned about the Celtics.
53Kevin::You must don't be on bulls boards enough,bcuz I've seen so much crap being said about Rose(mostly from Heat fans)that would make me want to cancel my account.But i got thicker skin than that.
Coolbrotha36::well said
joshuadhickman03::not a knicks fans im a heat fan but the only reason i say crap about the bulls is because they are a legitimate team and will probably cause problems for the heat, the only reason im on the bulls board is there are more sensible conversations about basketball in general instead of all the " my team is better just because" crap
WHERE IS LEBRALDO::Just my favorite photo from last night's game : http://espn.go.com/nba/photos?gameId=320410004&amp;photoId=1994698
WHERE IS LEBRALDO::Warning : Could be graphic for Knick fans
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::I think the x factor to a Bulls vs Knicks series would be the Landry Fields vs RIP matchup.  When Fields plays well, the Knicks win, simple as that.  But he's been kinda MIA since he played Ray Ray in the 1st round last yr.  I already expect inconsistency from JR, so I don't know that what he does hurts or helps per se. But I think If RIP gets going like yesterday and Lando can't keep up, then this series would probably end up Chi in 6
pollock6942::Bucks will have the tie breaker over the knicks if they win tonight.  Should be an interesting game to watch
pollock6942::Knicks need to make the playoffs first
mrears401::gotta give props to mike woodson for getting them to play D.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::lol I'm not as worried about that as everyone else seems to be.  The Bucks are just as inconsistent as NY so it'll come down to the last couple of games.  But defense doesn't lie.  NY will win that 8th spot.
mrears401::I dont see the bucks getting past them....I could actually see the knicks moving to 7th seed....76ers are dropping fast.
