Matt Connelly::It's a tragedy what the Sacramento Kings have done to Jimmer Fredette. Being drafted by the Kings is the worst thing that could have possibly happened to Fredette's career. The Kings franchise is a train wreck. Even with a new coach, new ownership, and a max-paid Cousins, they have the third worst record in the league...and still Jimmer gets DNPs. Anyone who saw Jimmer play in college--I mean really saw him play beyond just his highlights--knows he is a special talent. He's not likely to be an All-Star, but it is an indictment of the Kings coaches that they've been unable to find ANY role for him on the court. This is something competent coaches would have been able to do with very little effort. Just ridiculous.
Bryan Montella::I hate to break it to you, but every collage "star" doesn't translate into productive NBA talent.  Look at Adam Morrison, Marcus Fizer, Harold Minor, and who can not forget about Ed O'Bannon.  I'm a Knicks fan and I can tell you about Micheal Sweetney being a big time bust and he was a "star" at Georgetown.  Some college stars aren't built for the NBA level of play and Jimmer is indeed in that catagory.  Jimmer is to slow and gets burned on the regular by NBA level point guards and is too small to play the two in the NBA.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Matt connelly - Unlike most kings fans, i actually have no problem with fredette getting more mins, but only in certain situations ( blowout games by either team, down by 3, and small ball situations ) Their has to be a reason why 3 coaches would not give him much mins, did you ever ponder that he is not as good as people make him out to be ? Plus he is prob one of the worst defenders from college to the nba, He keeps getting blown past by other PG'S.    Remember The NBA is a whole another league, you can average 30 ppg, doesnt mean you will be able to do that in the pro's.  Not everyone transitions like people expect, Some have it some dont.
Steave Hoover::I agree matt. It's not like the Kings have a good team or anything. And Thornton scores 2 pts in 16 minutes! If the Kings had even a mediocre team, Fredette not playing would be explainable. If they win 20 games,  I'll be shocked
Justin Jenkins::Return of Kobe?
Vladimir Tsalyuk::pretty much the most exciting day of the season if he does play. what a crappy league to watch without him
Vladimir Tsalyuk::great as soon as I post this I read kobe ruled himself out of the game. maybe ima jinx
David Andaya Palafox::If you want to make a return, wouldn't you want it to be a home game? All these ESPN analyst wants to talk crap about Kobe and the Lakers are just trying to bait him to post crap online. Let's be honest here. The NBA is boring without Kobe. I hope the ratings drop as soon as he retires.
Thien Navarro::Love this Lakers squad, especially all the new players! They are all finding ways to contribute and all of them are playing with energy, something that was missing from last year's dysfunctional team!
Kevin Byrd::Even the returning players are playing MUCH better this year. It's amazing how much better Blake and especially Meeks look this year in this system. They all look so much more comfortable. Blake is running this offense very good and Meeks is knocking down the 3 at a very high rate(5-6 today).
Luis Navarro::I just hope Kobe fits in. Its him who should adjust his game for the team, not the team.
Ronnie Duke::their name says it all...fakers
Kevin Byrd::Surprised your name isn't Illiterate.
Ronnie Duke::says the kid.
Kevin Byrd::Ronnie Duke I am a 25 year old with a college degree. If you can't comprehend that, I' not no kid.
Kory Sellers::Free Jimmer!
Orlando Stoneham::I'm a Laker fan, but I'm really nervous about Kobe's return. If you watched the game tonight, you saw something that we didn't see last year; the players having fun. The bench clears to high five and chest bump when a timeouts called, they support each other during big wins and ugly blowouts, they help each other up, and each players confidence is through the roof. The difference in D'Antoni is also night in day. Instead of hiding behind the shoulders of his assistants he isn't afraid to yell at a player or fight with a ref for a call. Will  this all go away when Kobe comes back? Hopefully not, but you never know
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Kings fan here, as much as i hate the Lakers i understand what you mean. Situations like this can hinder chemistry. Plus why not just wait out December and come back in january. Season just started ! This is why i believe derrick rose rushed back from his injury, He could have came back mid season and helped him push towards playoffs.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Now Kobe isn't fun to play with, at the end of the day though ...... it's all about one thing: Winning  Kobe can carry a team on his back even at his age, i'm sure he will defer for a few weeks until he fully gets comfortable. Don't expect some high-scoring machine until around Christmas time, even with his skills, it's gonna be tough.
Adrian Johnson::Kobe is coming back with a great group of guys. This is the type of team I believe kobe always wanted. This group has the determination and heart, they play stellar defense, they can shoot the 3. They fight to the finish just like Kobe. You add Kobe in the mix on how these guys are playing, its gonna be DEADLY!!
Robert Cross::Oh  Please! they got to get pass the Spurs first, to young wont make it..  Lets talk about a young Boston team.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::This Kings coach is a fool, Isaiah Thomas is the Kings second best player,why is he a sixth man? Vasquez is nowhere near as productive as Siah
Kevin Byrd::It isn't who starts but who finishes. A lot of teams play one of their better players off the bench. Teams need that spark off the bench.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::His better coming off the bench, thats why ! Do you remember bobby jackson ? Thomas leads the 4th in scoring.
David Evertsen::Stop trying to make sense of this team. They are destined for the cellar - again. I feel dirty for even responding this post (time to go wash my hands, they have Kings' "bad karma" all over them). Yuck!
Scott Morris::Kings are cursed until they start or trade Jimmer.
Roscoe Coletrain::What????  LMAO
Keith Dennis::I would love to see him play but there obviously is some reason why he is not.  I believe it has nothing to do with his ability.  I think they are trying to play people they are trying to trade and not playing Jimmer allows them to extend his contract at a bargain at the end of this season.   Very shrewd in my opinion.   Getting rid of Thonrton, Salmons, Thompson at a minimum for decent young talent in return is job one right now.
Jody George Prats::Cavaliers vs Hawks had more comments and that game wasn't televised nationally either.  Hey.........LA only has 8 million people.  fake azz Laker fans
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Lakers have the most bandwagon fans, true Laker fans know what im talking about.
Corey Sharer::Ernest Bagdasaryan just because we have the most people in one city does not mean they are sports fans idiots, Los Angeles is a city where business is done that is why there are sky scrapers there not for just show and tell but of course the two of you would not know seeing how you guys have not even step a foot in the city stop the hating and the stupid comments you guys put on this board.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Corey Sharer First of all all i said was that out of 50 states, Lakers have the most BANDWAGON fans, ( look up the word ) I dont see how that makes me an idiot, or how thats a stupid comment. Second of all, i have been to LA, so dont talk without knowing facts, it just makes you look like a fool. This has nothing to do with business, we are talking about basketball, are you high or drunk ?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Hope kings pull out a W here, 5 Loses is the current streak this season. 18 pts by KINGS and 8 pts by the Lakers in the last 5 mins of the first quarter.
Emilio Porta::Anthony´s changes in last 5 minutes... when things were working out well... I can´t understand this coach, really I can´t.
Kevin Byrd::Emilio Porta Once again, I don't know if you ever played basketball but its not uncommon for starters to come out of the game. If this is your first time watching basketball, I'd get used to it, because it will continue to happen throughout this game and every other basketball game. Starters play on average 30-38 minutes a game. So lets say they play 34 minutes a game. That means they're out about 4 minutes a quarter which also means they play 2/3rd of the game. So if they come out at 4-5 minutes left in the 1st they will come back usually 7-8 minutes in the 2nd. Same thing happens in the 2nd half, just replace 1st with 3rd and 2nd with 4th. Of course there are variations to this but it is the common theme among NBA coaches.
Jody George Prats::59 comments on a Laker board?  I knew the fake azz Laker fans were really just 12 year old Kobe fans.
Kevin Byrd::It isn't a nationally televised game. Then when it is 80% of the people on the board are people hating on the Lakers. BTW I was wondering when one of you guys would show up. So far all I've been able to read is what lowly Fakers comment.
Jody George Prats::59
Corey Sharer::Jody George Prats 159 and counting seeing how you disappeared after the lakers won you super troll have a nice day!
Jeremy Navarro::i have to say i got to love sacre dude can play some d.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Thomas best in the league in the 4th Q, nice !
Aj Iceberg::Lakers win haters. Lol
Desmond Lim::I think it's funny that Kobe gets to play his first game this year versus the Raptors, which he hung 81 on as everyone remembers. But honestly, I think he defers at least in the first quarter to teammates to get everyone going, then he's gonna try and prove to everyone that he's back to playing high quality basketball. Kobe, i want 8-10 assists at least, and expect at least 18-20 points, many of them coming in the second half. Never underestimate an obsessive basketball workaholic with the ego, the drive and the determination to prove that he's still a force to contend with.
Kevin Byrd::Lakers absolutely need Kobe more now than any point this season. The Farmar injury really showed up tonight with the 2nd unit. I expect Kobe to come back and play more of a facilitator role until they get Nash(if) or Farmar back. They can't go too long with only 1 PG on the roster.
Eboni Clay::I agree. Nick young played well last night. Made some key plays, both offensive and defensive but he would have more efficent with farmar creating shots for him
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I know the kings have been competing hard, but is just me thats thinking that the kings are tanking games, by slowing down in the last few possessions of 4th Q games. I guess Either - Wiggins, parker, randle, smart, exum, will be on the kings come next season.
Jp Dench::not the first team to totally tank the 4th quarter and let the lakers walk over them with a mediocre 25 pointish effort in the 4th lol
Kevin Byrd::Joshua Dench If you would only stop seeing what you want to see. Go back and tell me. Who has blown more 4th qtr leads. The Lakers or their opponents. If the team leading in the 4th won every game(It wouldn't be very fun first of all) the Lakers would have a better record than they do now.
Jp Dench::lol maybe 1 or 2 point leads????????? that is hardly relevant game is still in the balance when its within a possession. im talking substancial leads where the opposition has it in their hands goes to sleep and without much effort the lakers stroll over the finish line, perhaps you need to look at the games yourself bud. Lakers haven't*** gifted any teams wins like that, to their credit.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Vasquez was traded to the Kings and given Isaiah Thomas spot, ridiculous. It's because Thomas is small and overcoming unbelievable odds. But he's showing right now, despite being overlooked again, he's a top notch player in the NBA
Kevin Byrd::Starting really matters to you, doesn't it? Does it not matter to you that Thomas is playing the 2nd most minutes on the roster and plays a lot more minutes in the 4th than Vazquez.
Jeremy Navarro::it doesnt matter if you start, you could still play starter min.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I will say it again lol, smallest guy on the team Isaiah Thomas always comes in and competes every sec his on the court. Plays with a Big heart  for someone who was 1 pick away from not drafted.
Keith Dennis::Pizza guy on the bench and Vasquez down the stretch equals a bad loss.   Time to start Thomas AND let him finish the game.  That was one gigantic turd they laid the last 2 minutes.
Russ Harris::I understand what you mean...maybe Malone was just throwing Greivis Vasquez a bone..or he wanted to see how he would react to a down the stretch situation....or maybe Greivis complained to the coach that he could excel down the stretch and wanted to play....not sure but the bottom line is...Malone now knows the experiment failed...so he needs to play Thomas...problem is...he (Thomas)  has had the turnover bug lately...but I know why Malone brings Thomas off the bench..they need that energy...and he definitely brings that. and can hit big shots down the stretch.
Thomas Kimble::Thank you Jordan for your 15 minutes of inspiring play. Too bad your coach doesn't see talent if it hit him squarelyin
Kevin Byrd::Sacre played well today and there is a legitimate reason for that. Hill's play dropped off drastically when he started getting too many minutes every night. He came in rested and played very well tonight nearly matching his recent totals in half the minutes. Hill is banged up and needs some rest.
Thomas Kimble::I don't have the luxury of watching as im in Arizona but I've watched the coach how he has treated hill and it's obscene.  Kobe Gasol and Nash are in there last few years, they need the rest not the young athletic ones! Hill has an off night and tries to spread the wealth only to be throttled by D'ant
Kevin Byrd::Thomas Kimble Hill has struggled the last few games. He hasn't been the same player plus has been dealing with injuries. He is banged up and wore down. Hill has started a lot of games in a row and slowly declined throughout. MD'a said he was going to start Sacre to give Hill more of a rest because he was being worn down. I'm assuming that means Hill is in fact worn down.
Japhet Jan Ballesteros::planning to bet..need some serious help on who has the probability of winning this game. my bet would be Kings d(*;*)b
Jody Hbk Jracula::Kings are very good at home.. I wonder why they are -4 tonight.. hmmm
Japhet Jan Ballesteros::ok, thanks Jody.
Wild Silverback::Lakers are $$$$$$$$
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Thomas removed for Vasquez with the lead ...... end up losing by 8 points most likely
Ricky Coker::Hey lou whos the dummy now Its ok to feel stupid can I get an amen Vladimir
