BayAreaSportsFan16::warriors just seem to own the mavs
jee5678::Someone please tell me why Carlisle is giving Wright's minutes to Murphy?  Why in the flibberdigibbin world would you take minutes away from a developing young player who was doing EVERYTHING you wanted him to do (defending well, only taking good high percentage shots, rebounding, running on fast breaks, scoring more than 10 a game) and give them to an aging old sh#t who'll likely be out of the league within the next couple of years, who apparently (excluding the last two games) can't shoot for sh#t, and apparently couldn't tell a good look from his $@%$ole?    This is really shaking my confidence in Rick (as if my confidence matters, but still...).  It's like he's trying to recreate the same offense he had with Dirk on the floor really hard instead of just embracing the pieces that he has...he's letting Kaman and Murphy go wild when they're on the floor at the expense of Mayo and DEFINITELY at the expense of Wright, who played 4 !$@%!$@ minutes last night!  COME ON!  He was doing so well!  Why the hell cut his legs out from under him in favor of Murphy?!   I don't mind being .500, but the way we got there is really, really bugging me, and it seems bad coaching decisions are at the root of at least a few of these losses.
jee5678::Truth.  Rebounding, whoever they play, HAS to get better.  I'm just worried that it won't even when Dirk gets back...he's not typically been a monster on the boards...  We need to get Carlisle to read the comments section :P
DIRK 41 CHAMP::man you're absolutely right about everything you said. i think we do need to start wright at power forward and see what happens. also  running the offesne through mayo and stop sitting at the arc would be a better idea. they need to put in the effort with rebounding because i swear all the games we have been losing is because we are giving every team way too many second chance points
DIRK 41 CHAMP::im sorry bro i got a lil carried away but if you look at it we need "the right now" wins. we need to rack up as many wins as we can since dirk is out and murphy is just playing better right now. he shows more effort on the defensive end and gets rebounds. when you take a look at most of our losses, we only lose games because of rebounds and those rebounds lead to a bunch of second chance points. right now wright is not fixing that problem when he gets mins, but honestly when dirk gets back they will switch it back to wright since they have dirk spacing the floor already. murphy is that type of player that spaces the floor so idk if he will be used in the long run
jee5678::You're absolutely right...we need better rebounding, and Wright's a better rebounder!  He stays closer to the basket whereas Murphy is always wandering off past the arc on the off chance he might get an open look.  I also think Wright is better for floor spacing...if they start him at PF next to Kaman, he becomes really the only player on the floor that consistently operates close to the basket.  I think you're definitely right that spacing has been a problem, but it's because they've had too many players sitting around the arc and staring at one another and nobody trying to work underneath.  Even Kaman's game is based on 13 ft+ jumpers.    Alllllll that aside, I really don't think it matters too much in terms of wins and losses.  The coaching decisions I think are really hurting are choosing not to run the offense through Mayo (WAAAAAAAAAAAAAY too many possessions where he doesn't even touch the ball) and green-lighting Kaman and Murphy whenever they're on the floor.  Kaman almost never passes after he's posted up, which defenses are starting to realize and take advantage of.  Murphy's made a couple of good shots the past couple of games, but since he's been here, the majority have been bad looks that he's hoisted apparently because he's been a little trigger happy/trying to prove he still deserves a job/whatever.
DIRK 41 CHAMP::dude you didn't even watch the game. wright is good on only the offensive end. he gets bullied down there on the defensive end and boxing out for rebounds. he needs to work on that or he doesn't get mins. murphy actually had 12 points that game and rebounded the ball pretty well. just needs to work a bit on defense
jee5678::Even if you were right about Murphy being more effective overall (which, you're not...first seven games of the season, Wright averaged about the same number of minutes as Murphy has since he arrived in Dallas...looking at those seven games before Wright was effectively benched in favor of Murphy, he had better averages in points, shooting percentage, rebounds, and blocks...and I've watched every minute of every game this season...Wright has been way more effective), Wright is still a young player that needs minutes to develop.  Even if Wright weren't more effective RIGHT NOW (which he is), the long-run upside to giving him 20 min a game is soooooo much greater than giving 20 min a game to a guy who's 32, obviously past his prime, and obviously not getting any better.
piper at the gates of dawn::haha thats funny but too bad..  feel ur pain
zeppyreal::Klay Thompson = Bigger Austin Rivers
carlmatrix::mavs were killed by the rebounds.. this has been always the problem by the mavs, they weren't fighting for the boards, i hate to see giving elton PT, sarge is more deserving PT, damn rick carlise..
outkastD::i think those  game winning 2 free throws that klay missed during the sac game ruined his confidences at the moment.
dsphillips100::It was the Denver gam. But yeah you're right
parafal::whens dirk get back? mavs have decent team once he gels in with the new group... assuming they stay healthy
UCFMiamiHeat::what is wrong with Klay?
outkastD::probably still suffering from his illness.
PHXAZwildcat::I have made about  $3,000 a month  on average over the past 2 months now by following this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. When I found this site it was on the first page of Google when searching the words Sports Betting System
Eg214::Why take a contasted fade away shot vince? Pass it to mayo and no overtime needed!
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::So we're gonna start seeing the benefits of the Bogut trade soon... right?
leftshot::I like the way they are handling Bogut.  Sure you'd like to have him in there now.  But he wasn't able to do the necessary rehab to get strength back in that leg while playing too.  So good call.  Better to have him available for 60 games at full strength, than hobbled for 70.
Rjsyufy::We're winning. Thats the benefit.
derek_510::ezeli is enough benefit for me, for now.  and he isn't as old as udoh was when udoh was a rookie.
gsquared112::Dirk checked out after getting that ring. A shame he was satisfied with just one. No heart anymore. Should retire and save Mark Cuban some money
leftshot::Blind man alert!
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::What a terrible post.
pentanorix::lol? he didn't give up.. they dismantled the team
troy_green1::And that's how you finish a game in the NBA G State! Great way to finish out the back to back. Dallas (Mayo) was game down the stretch. Way to fight through and grab the win. Rebounding, defense, interior scoring! Nice!
ireadespn::New owners, new coach. Warriors actually running a half court offense with some inside outside basketball. Points in the paint, free throws and rebounding better than they have in the last decade. Rookies all contributing!  Finally something to be excited about.
GeorgeTownMan29::Dubs holding it down till Bogut comes back. Maybe they can draft Seth Curry next year and have the brothers run the back court
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::That's the only way perimeter defense would decrease.
B lil::I must say I am a proud new Golden State Fan. I'm proud to say my favorite NBA player plays for them. (Harrison Barnes)
leftshot::As a group GS might have the best crop of rookies of any team this year.  Harrison Barnes and Ezilli starting and Green now a regular part of the rotation.  That is a lot of rookie help, especially for a team with a winning record.
FEELtheIMPULS::Okay.
B lil::A bandwagon fan would be if I waited till they were in playoffs or something, its the beginning of the season
B lil::I'm following Harrison Barnes
FEELtheIMPULS::Oh God, not a bandwagon...
WarriorsWarrior::New haha good time
WarriorsWarrior::Oaktown what up with klay smh!
Oaktown1029::I don't know man, he doesn't look right - he's slow, undecided, and his release isn't smooth - in other words, he's playing terrible right now. I know he can play better.
Oaktown1029::okay :)
WarriorsWarrior::IT'S BETWEEN THE EARS  GOODNIGHT DUDE!
Oaktown1029::Warriors #6 in the league in rebounding - I still can't get over that one - lol.
leftshot::The big pleasant surprise on that front is Harrison Barnes rebounding the last 5 games.
FEELtheIMPULS::Can you get over THIS? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYPOfLf_org&amp;feature=plcp
WarriorsWarrior::Supe don't  forget green: aka Bruce Bowen!
FEELtheIMPULS::Oh God, this video....the horror http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYPOfLf_org&amp;feature=plcp Dislike it if you have a YouTube account, people. :D
CBass1317::Holy Harry!  Great game.
WarriorsWarrior::Dallas has some sore losers! What, we can't celebrate a ROAD victory! We're 6-5 to us thats great!
supe540::Barnes and Lee combine for 31 boards.  Love it.
dirkaqs41::Interesting how players that seem less than dynamic in college can flourish in a wide open style of play. Both of those players are a good example of it.
TarHeelsince1985::Because college is more of a system style type of game, especially at UNC. Look at Vince Carter, at UNC he was ok, he hit the NBA and was a superstar
Marqui6852::They were very good rebounding the ball.
B lil::Harrison Barnes
--LeTs gO MaVS--::Dirk Nowitzki will address the media tomorrow for the 2nd time since arthroscopic knee surgery on Oct. 19.  Man I hope Dirk says he returns by this week or next
Marqui6852::Nah I doubt if he returns this week. Give him a couple more weeks.
junoNCAL::i just love it when the warriors kicks the mavs a.ss, reminds me of great moments  good luck dallas, in not making the playoffs  West 1. Lakers 2. Thunder 3. Clippers 4. Spurs 5. Grizzlies 6. Nuggets 7. Warriors 8. Jazz
dirkaqs41::the lakers are not very good. the warriors have no point guard. curry is an excellent scorer but mugsy bogues could bulldoze him. they will not make the palyoffs. the jazz are very underrated and the clips have some studs in the middle. Once again the ppl of the Bay Area are giants in their own minds, Jim Harbuagh would say your talk is some jive-ness
Marqui6852::Kiss our ring $@%!$!!!
JayQTEXAS::it isnt even a quarter of the way in the season yet and ur already boasting about a playoff spot? what track record are u pulling this from?
--LeTs gO MaVS--::Celebrating over a regular season win?
supe540::Warriors playing well in the paint even without Bogut.  The rooks look good in the paint
zaccy man::hell yea great draft for us
DIRK 41 CHAMP::yeah i love roddy but it looks like he doesn't like his spot on this team. it seems that dojo is earning his spot more and he doesn't have that explosiveness anymore. i think he wants a fresh start on a new team because he does not like his role on this team
dirkaqs41::Marion is pure garbage. He should have been getting subbed in and out in OT for offense/defense. Give me Troy Murphy or just about anyone on offense over marion the turnover/brick machine. I would even take Juwan Howard!
outkastD::he still made that 3 lol
dirkaqs41::Great defensive player, can lock ppl down but has no business taking shots unless it is a dunk
dirkaqs41::this game was not an isolated incident, ive been watching him blow games for the mavs for quite a few years im sick of cringing every time he gets the ball.
Marqui6852::I know your mad i am too. Give marion some time!!!
DIRK 41 CHAMP::calm down dude he still off that injury. he had a horrible game but he will bounce back. everyone has those moments.
--LeTs gO MaVS--::Dude calm down. Marion just came back from an injury.
jee5678::Yikes...give him a chance, man!  He's coming off an injury and he's old as $@%!.
supe540::Real nice road trip for the W's.  Acquitted themselves well in all three games.  Something to build on.
junoNCAL::funny how mavs fans forget the 2007 playoffs  ahhhahahahahahahahahaha
JayQTEXAS::its funny how warriors fans forget they have a mediocre franchise
aleebebop::Considering we just won the world series and are about to win the super bowl, i kinda enjoy rooting for at least 1 underdog
JayQTEXAS::we didn't forget...that was poster material on the way to our 2011 nba title..u know what one of those is?
Marqui6852::That was 2007 mavs won a championship. So who cares!!!
Justinkm83::?
--LeTs gO MaVS--::Mavs won the NBA Championship in 2011. You can have that 1st round win. I'll go with the rings
Mr. Bradford::Or how y'all forgot about the 2011 playoffs..   hahahahahahahaha ??
longgrassgrows::once the Dubs shooting wakes up i think an 8th or even 7th seed is a REAL possibility
zaccy man::warrior fans how do you think we'll go against brooklyn? i'm all for starting green over thompson, looking forward to the pg matchup
cxlo::I think we will beat them on the boards but if Deron gets hot we might be in trouble.  We have a good shot at winning though.
Marqui6852::For real though warriors fans good game. If they can stay healthy they will be a very interesting team come playoffs time. The mavs actually are better than what they are getting credit for. Being 6-6 without Dirk isnt bad at all.
cxlo::wow non $@%!$@ dallas fans.  good game hope dirk comes back soon.
DIRK 41 CHAMP::yeah def good game warrior fans
DIRK 41 CHAMP::im proud of mayo though he has worked really hard and it shows. he looks like he can take over the game and hopefully soon he decides too if our guys aren't looking so great
DIRK 41 CHAMP::he drives and then he does a stop and pop jumpshot or a bunch of floaters. i swear he attacks he will create contact or open shots for teammates.
JayQTEXAS::Mayo and Kaman are the only huge brightspots for this team early...collison has dropped out of the picture. Where did his confidence go? he never drives to the rim anymore
jee5678::It's really not his decision to make until Rick decides to start running the offense through him instead of basically everyone but Mayo.  Can't believe the number of possessions this season where Mayo hasn't even gotten a whiff of the ball.
--LeTs gO MaVS--::I hate being average. Dirk come back fast!!!
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::Dirk is coming
IKnowYouReadThis::This comment kind sir! makes you sound suspect
Justinkm83::Where was Crowder tonight?
JayQTEXAS::Dude be honest. Roddy's just not playing well. u can say he's not getting minutes but look at his stats, he's been mediocre the last few games and im worried he's not that explosive anymore
cxlo::Who cares you still would've lost
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::And Roddy too
Justinkm83::Roddy sucks
--LeTs gO MaVS--::Rick hates rookies
Justinkm83::Bernard James?
DIRK 41 CHAMP::marion got outworked by barnes today my goodness
cxlo::Marion old man.  Barnes is the truth.
jee5678::Meh...Marion is old as dirt and coming off an injury.  I prefer to think he just couldn't keep up with the young guy.
DIRK 41 CHAMP::me either. nvm i don't blame this game on kaman. i can't believe i said that. marion and collison geez
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::i couldnt believe it
Oaktown1029::The Bogut for Ellis trade now should be modified - Ellis and Udoh for Bogut and Ezeli (Warriors got Capt. Jack in the trade also and immediately traded him for the Spurs #1 pick (Ezeli).
gsraider::Iverson got the foul calls...
AthleticWarriorRaiderPaisa::true, 2 solid big men for allen iverson lite
.New_York_For_The_Win.::LOL at Dallas losing to the Warriors HAHA
pentanorix::We don't play you till wed.. run along
Justinkm83::With no Dirk.
Justinkm83::Amare makes your team worse
pentanorix::gotta love how they respond with no amare...
JayQTEXAS::We will beat y'all on wednesday...and we'll have the last laugh
RangerReb::at home none the less :(
--LeTs gO MaVS--::^ Knicks fan   NY Knicks = 1 playoff win in 12 years
.New_York_For_The_Win.::Exactly marqui, let us Knicks fans enjoy our moment
Marqui6852::Let the knicks fans have their fun now. Their team hasnt done nothing in ages. so let them go!!!!
.New_York_For_The_Win.::^ Mavs fan
ael1969::Barnes is starting to look like a future star.
cxlo::His drive is better than you think.  He's had some impressive drives recently.  Silly Dallas fan with his limited exposure to our star rookie.
outkastD::hes young, he'll improve!
Drun2400::He'll get better of the dribble though. He can only improve
Justinkm83::He looks like a spot shooter to me. Not very good off the dribble.
Justinkm83::Ha ha. Wow he took Kirilenko off the dribble. Andrei isn't a perieter defender
SB4LlFE::he can get to the rim with ease
AthleticWarriorRaiderPaisa::u watched him one game and u assume something?? go watch the game against minny and how he took kirilenko off the dribble time and again, u dont know what ur talking about
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::Collison really worries me  going forward ,even with Dirk in the horizon .
ishnock::He might be a lemon. He just does not want it in crunch time. ...Dallas will not go far without a qualtiy pg, regardless of what mayo and dirk do   The team will go as far as the PG go.   See if dallas can pry away sessions from the bobcats. He backs up kemba and the bobcats need a front court
JayQTEXAS::He has definitely taken a step back. He looked like a potential all-star the 1st 3, 4 games. ever since then he has been on a downward spiral
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::7 pts 5 assts 5 turnovers .......No
JayQTEXAS::Mavs Defense: for those who aren't looking at the ins-and outs. mavs have actually played decent D this year. Again tonight we held GS to 90 pts until OT. Our problem is extra possessions. We give up WAY too many offensive rebounds.
JayQTEXAS::i don't know if that changes when dirk gets back is the scary thing. We have good front-line rebounders. Most of them just aren't rebounding and guys like collison at 6 ft aint gonna help that
DIRK 41 CHAMP::JayQTEXAS - Mavs Defense: for those who aren't looking at the ins-and outs. mavs have actually played decent D this year. Again tonight we held GS to 90 pts until OT. Our problem is extra possessions. We give up WAY too many offensive rebounds.  that is totally it bro. we give up way too many second chance points but dang 1 reb for marion and none for collison. geez i can't believe our guys didn't put up the work on the boards
gsraider::Barnett's game talk on plane &gt; Jackson coaching
SB4LlFE::barnes is growing at an increasingly rate in front of our eyes
zaccy man::cavs failed epicly
mdfrg::Waiters and Beal are busts
cxlo::barnes&gt; dion waiters.  Thanks cavs
AthleticWarriorRaiderPaisa::best warrior rookie ive seen
cxlo::i hope so
AthleticWarriorRaiderPaisa::yea but this guy is special, he has the peigree to be a superstar
cxlo::I dunno curry was great his rookie season too
DIRK 41 CHAMP::wow marion with only 1 rebound. geeez kaman was the only one that worked the glasss tonight. what a horrible team effort
DIRK 41 CHAMP::you know i thought kaman may have gotten tired i mean dang 18pts 17 rebounds in 35 min, carlisle should have subbed in brand for more playing time.
jee5678::I think Rick has no idea who should be taking shots in this offense.  They played well tonight, but overall WAAAAAAY too many shots taken by Kaman and Murphy this season.  They need role players to help their scorers (Mayo, Collison, and Carter) get better looks, not offensive minded big-men who refuse to pass.
pentanorix::give it 2 weeks then dirk returns
DIRK 41 CHAMP::yeah he has got to get used to this team for suree
Brandon18502::^LOL
--LeTs gO MaVS--::I think Rick is confused without Dirk in the lineup. We have 9 new players on this mavs  team
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::Marion 34 mins 1 reb .....there's your game
dirkaqs41::trade marion for anyone with a pulse
RangerReb::during our two losses this week everyone said if marion was there to rebound we win... WELL????????
--LeTs gO MaVS--::he was our leading rebounder last year
RangerReb::yep ridiculous!
RangerReb::If GS is really that good it shouldn't take them to to to win a game against us sorry macs without our best player- YEAH RIGHT YOU ARE GOOD LOL
Drun2400::Rush out, Bogut out, Jefferson out. Our starting center and key reserves not playing. We are good
cxlo::so you think your team is bad?  wow dallas has $@%!$@ fans LOL
Mr. Bradford::Ahh, 4-1 to 6-6. So, when is Dirk going to be back?
pentanorix::dec. 10
Oaktown1029::Mayo and Curry put on a great show tonight.
