Bill::Chandler was supposed to be the piece we were missing.  He had 1 personal foul,  2 rebounds and like one block in 27 minutes.He spends more time trying to get out of the way then laying his body on anyone.  Play some defense!  Defensive Player  of the year!!  Get Jr and his 36% shooting out of town.  Bargnanni does't belong in the starting line up either.  Use him like we used Novak last year.  Isiah is an #$%$, but he is right in that there is some talent here, but the stubborn coach does not know how to use it.  Too loyal to players who don't deserve it.  Bench JR for good.  Let Chandler play defense until he fouls out.  Use Murrey more and when Prig, Raymond and Melo get back, along with Stats and Kenyon you should be able to win more than 9 out of 30.
courtney doyle::Toure murry need to play more and would like to see what he can doing  let him off the chain already we got injuries to felton and prigioni so give at lest one game with 25 min. Then when everybody is healthy u send him to the d league we need him for the future to develop we gave away all our draft  picks. Also in the next off-season in the summer league invite fab melo  and  greg oden if miami and anybody else don't sign him plus i like chris smith i is preety good and really can dunk look at the  his mix tape  from college he can really finish and doing a pretty god job in the d league so devolp him and give him a chance since u called.him from the d league.
cF::Knicks lost again. I am celebrating. Off to the bar to celebrate with my buddies.
aj k::Raps stuck between a rock and a hard place? Coach that wants to drive for a playoff seed with a gm that wants tank city. I think well know by all star if fire sale is on But I'm putting the classified with now Lowry, derozan for sale!!
.8734::The nicks played about as well as they can play and still got HAMMERED by a bad Toronto team.
Grisam::Huge props to JR Smith. It's not easy to be that lazy on defense.
Jeff::When Chandler leads your team in scoring you know you got problems on offense.
Vann Carter::And the slid continues..working their way to be a lottery team
Truth Be Told::2nd highest payroll in the NBA = 9-21 and no draft pick at the end of the year. ROFL!!!
Wendy::again and again, not surprise, Knicks lost again, we need Linsanity to help us turn around
