Graham Horobetz::Hopefully our guys can continue to gel and avoid some stretches of just not scoring the ball. Z-Bo will definitely bounce back, big game for him. Tony Allen obviously wants to be invited to the 3 point contest this year and show up Miller. Koufos gave good minutes wednesday, but I think our guys need to let the game come naturally. When we push the ball up, it's primarily to get into our offensive set earlier. Need more post looks for Z-Bo and want Gasol to be more assertive. We had some ill-advised shots early in the clock that led to fast breaks for the Spurs. We should settle down especially at home, I think we win this 95 - 83.
John Williams::Bro keep dreaming, Suns r Western Conference powerhouse bringing the pound town to Memphis this year
Cory Nope::Phoenix has no front court.
Lornet Prather::Nobody dreams as much as Suns fans!
Greg Bosgraaf::Hopefully we can avoid 7 point quarters for the rest of the season. There was plenty of good to take out of Wednesday's game, hopefully what we saw for the other 75% of the game will be the norm.
Dave Fritz::Good Game Grizznation.
Jake Gibbs::Memphis should win this one.  Zach, Gasol and Prince are better than Monroe, Drummond and Smith.  Conley and Allen are better than Bynum and Billups. But you never know, that's why they play the games.
Paul Voelz::Not sure how you're judging them, but I'd say it's a pretty even matchup.
Greg Bosgraaf::I'd say the front court is a push, but the backcourt I give more than just a slight edge to Memphis. Honestly I don't know how deep Detroit's bench is so I can't make an assessment there. I think Memphis takes this as well at home, but as we saw in the 2nd quarter of the season opener that the Grizz can play garbage basketball for stretches.
Jake Gibbs::Joe Glass Zach, Gasol, and Prince easily over Monroe, Drummond and Smith.  The Memphis frontcourt makes its free throws, Detroit's struggles. Memphis frontcourt can score from both the inside and outside. Detroit's frontcourt struggles from the outside.
Graham Horobetz::I was worried towards the end of the game with Miller guarding Smith on the block, really pleasantly surprised by Miller's defense and Tayshaun makes the big shots coming onto the floor cold. TA is worth every bit of the extension he got. Z-BO bounced back and Marc (particularly in 4th) and Mike played all-star caliber in the 2nd half
Geoff Starling::Marc got away with bloody murder last night. That was some serious home cooking. Seems like we were forced to watch 4 or 5 replays over and over of fouls he committed that the refs didn't call or worse, called the wrong way. Grizz had no business winning that game, but refs can be gracious.
Greg Bosgraaf::Geoff Starling That happens in the NBA don't get all worked up about it. There will be plenty of games in at the Palace where you guys will get the benefit. I'm not saying it is right, but this is how it's been in the NBA for as long as I have been watching. There were a few phantom call as well that went against the Grizz, especially against Mike Conley. If you blame the refs after every loss you are not going to enjoy your season very much. Instead look at the fact that Monroe and Drummond looked good and even Stuckey was much more efficient last night than I remember him being in the past. The Grizzlies pulled off a game that they probably should have lost, but their experience carried them to win it.
Lornet Prather::Greg Bosgraaf  Exactly.  These Pistons dont know how to win yet and despite his points Stuckey needs to go.
Will Schmitz::NBA Fantasy draft at 12:00am ET (11:00pm CT) tonight. It's a 16-team league, so help me out and join, please!  http://games.espn.go.com/fba/tools/join?leagueId=278823
Greg Bosgraaf::That game was a lot of fun. The Grindhouse was rocking! Detroit has a really good squad, hopefully Jennings will feed the bigs when he comes back instead of jacking up bad shots like in Milwaukee. Great game Detroit!
Josh O'Brien::Recipe for disaster when you have Josh Smith taking more than twice as many shots as Monroe, and the same as Monroe and Drummond together.  Get the damn ball inside!!!
Josh O'Brien::And he's jacking up 3's???  What the fuck??  Smith is not a 3pt shooter!!
Timothy J. Casey::Exactly. Monroe was balling on offense whenever he got the ball, but we opted to let an obviously cold Smith get over twice the shots as him... Recipe for disaster.
James Incredible-Jackson::This is the kind of game that I can be proud of as a Pistons fan. Giving a bona fide Western conference Top 4 contender a challenge. I think we just may be getting back to the playoffs.
Samuel Hoadley::The Drummond mistake at the end of regulation killed us, I knew when it went to overtime that it was a wrap
Timothy J. Casey::Good game, Memphis fans. We had our chances, but got beat on experience late.  3 problems I took away from this game. 1. Our guards our playing too selfish.. 2. Monroe + other hot hands need the ball more. No way should anybody be allowed to go 6/23 from the field and dominate the ball during crunch time when Monroe and other guys are killing on offense. 3. Replay rules already need more work. They let Z Bo get away with a fast one on Monroe that helped Memphis build their lead early in OT.
Greg Bosgraaf::That Z Bo play in OT was close man I'll give you that. I was sitting next to a Pistons fan last night and he thought it was going to Memphis and I thought it was too close to tell personally. I agree though that the bigs should have kept being given the ball, those boys are good. You guys have a really good team, I for one was really impressed. I hope for the Pistons sake that when Jennings comes back that he doesn't shoot you guys out of games. I have never been big on the kid, I want my PG to be pass first, but hopefully he'll figure it out.
Timothy J. Casey::Yeah, talent wise this could be a dangerous team come playoff time. Keeping Smith and Jennings chucking habits in check will be huge though. Good luck out west.
Graham Horobetz::Detroit in my mind is a playoff team in the east. Only problem I potentially foresee is when Jennings gets back, will he be shooting in volumes like Josh Smith 12 3 pt attempts? Detroits guards need to realize that their front court is what makes them a force. As for us, we tried to lose this game with all the turnovers, but we showed resolve, sign of a mature team. Hopefully we can keep up the energy for Dallas tomorrow.
Patrick MacKinnon::They are a playoff team, unless Smith, Stuckey and Jennings conspire together to miss 40 shots a game between them.
Frannard Acklin::Pistons did everything wrong. Miss a free throw...foul and give Grizz the and 1...then give up offensive board for the tie FG...why is Billups taking the 3?
Chris Blair::Why is Billups not a guy coming off the bench. You would think they could have found anyone else to do his job.
Jake Gibbs::Chris Blair Ever hear of Brandon Jennings???  He'll be back shortly.
Adam Snider::I think the Pistons will win this one 108-99. It will be the front court staying hot behind Monroe. Also, nobody can stop Mr. Bigshot.
Jeffrey Thomas::This will be a really good game to watch.  Memphis is one of the few teams in basketball that comes close to matching up with the Pistons front court.
Jake Gibbs::Good day for the Pistons.  Blowing a late lead against a good team on the road...that hasn't happened in the past 4 years.
Nolan Hughes::GO PISTONS!!!! Joe D was so close to having all the fans want him out and he went out to land Josh Smith and then trade away Knight!!
Eric Bell::Nice to see Stuckey have a good game. 8-13 in 23 minutes for 19 points coming off the bench? Can't ask for much more.
Nick Ashmun::Please hurry back Brandon Jennings.Chauncey isn't Mr.Big Shot anymore.
Jake Gibbs::He sure was in the 1st game...but you weren't paying attention.
Timothy J. Casey::Come on, Pistons. Our guards need to pass more. They're playing too selfish right now.
Joe Meeker::Pistons win this one 104-95. Front court dominates this game as Monroe goes for 28pts  and 16 boards.
Greg Bosgraaf::I doubt the game will be that high scoring. The Grizzlies haven't lost a game in which they have given up 100 points or more at home in regulation since the 2011-2012 season. Of course the Pistons could win by that score, but it would shock me. A 28 and 16 performance by Monroe on Gasol in Memphis would be even more shocking as well.
Jim Adkins::LOL...I find it hard to believe anyone "anticipates" the Pistons coming to town.  They have been a joke for a few years now.  (and I am a Pistons fan).
Greg Bosgraaf::I can't speak on his behalf, but I imagine that he said that because it is the Home opener.
Paul Voelz::What kind of fan are you? no way for a Pistons fan to talk. This team is not the team of the past 4 years, not even close. The Pistons are no joke this year.
Hayden Williams::Greg Bosgraaf yep
Errol Thomas Jr::I like the pressure the Grizzlies frontcourt is putting on them.
Adam Snider::Well, Detroit choked the lead and here comes overtime.
Paul Voelz::I expect a low scoring game. Both these teams are big up front, should be a lot of hard fouls and banging in the paint.
Greg Bosgraaf::Probably true, I hope Z Bo shows up to play tomorrow night though.
