Bexindy55::Peaking at mid season and burning out before the playoffs begin has been the Achilles Heel of the Spurs in the last two years.  As a Spurs fan, I'm in favor in giving very limited minutes to their core at the end of the season and tank the last month.  The first/second seed is so overrated in the playoffs since the West is so strong this year.  If that means sacrificing the record to secure the 8th seed it would be worth it so that they have the mental stamina to get through at least a couple rounds of the playoffs.
mitchellaskenas::No Melo - Knicks win, Melo back - Knicks lose.  Get the picture?
bop35045::I love how the Knicks have all these great players and are suppose to be comparable to Miami, but yet their record is under.500. This team has to be the most overrated team in the NBA. D'Antoni is a huge part of the problem. I watched his teams in Phoenix and they were exciting to watch, but they also played zero defense.
greatestyang::It's really sad to see Knicks (and the whole NBA) pigeon hole Lin into the selfless type of PG maybe due to stereotypes. I'm not saying he couldn't become one. But with not much practice this season, he is still a scorer since he played SG very successfully all throughout college.   He doesn't need 4 other scorers standing around on the court to wait for him to make play. What he need are big guys who can screen for him, who can rebound for him, who are willing to protect him, like Chandler and Jeffery. What he need are other explosive points that can draw opponent defenders such as Novak, JR Smith and Stat to a degree.   Again I'm not saying he couldn't become D'Antoni type of PG in the future, but this season he won't be one. I wish D'Antoni would realize this and either tailor attacks around him, or send him to the second team. I'm a strong Lin supporter, but that doesn't mean I want him waste minutes on the court playing a style he's not comfortable with. I want him to have fun on the court.
imperviouz::I hate to play the shouda woulda game but knicks shouda won that boston game. That was just terrible coaching at the end. Up by 3 and less than 24 secs to play, WTF??
yale203::Jeremy Lin will continue to confound opponents and will keep putting up the points like he has done for 15 of his 16 games.  He will continue to improve as a guard and move into the Top 10 guards if he is not there already (8-10) and he will always be trying for Knicks.
joah5454::Melo killed Linsanity
hookemzuniga1022::Im glad LinSanity is dying. He is solid at BalLin for sure. But when you read between the Lines hes Linconsistent as a shooter, he seems to love turnLin the Ball over to the Opposition, and I know its only his second season but hes a Linconsistent Player. Now maybe in a few Seasons he could be a top 5 PG but i think Lindividuals Like yourselves jumped the gun just a tad bit.
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::hes a top tier point guard...jealous guy
sportsDoc281::What was up with Baron Davis? He elbows Ford in the back, knocks him down,giving him a stinger. Throws Splitter out of bounds, and tries to pick a fight with Richard Jeffferson. Only one was called a foul. Is the guy off his rocker? What I saw from him is not good basketball.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Who said the Spurs are old?  Tim...35 Matt...31 Manu34 Tony...29 RJ...31 T.J...28 Tiago...27 Gary...27 Danny...24 James...22 DeJuan..22 Kawhi...20
danalyn1278::Knicks are trash
luvnbayes::Manu looks like he is back and that makes the Spurs as good as anybody in the West.
Bexindy55::That's to be seen.  If Parker keeps playing out of his mind and Ginobili gets back to where he was at the beginning of the season then they'll be as good as anybody.  Physical and mental fatigue will be the biggest issue since I project the series in the West to be pretty drawn out.  The East is pathetic with the Heat and the Bulls destroying the competition.  Its ridiculous that the Knicks will make the playoffs which will most likely be a losing record.
rudedogg1::Ha Maybe you should watch a little bit more Spurs Basketball
luvnbayes::I assume you are replying to nycpratl and not me.  I religiously watch every Spur game.
nycpratl::spurs had a great run.  still a competent club.  but no chance of making any noise at playoff time.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Remember...Tim is only 35...the rest are younger!!!!!
gt1master_ike::Amare is lost in his own world.
WashFlokie::yeah hes done so well since leaving the suns and steve nash..  dumb move
WashFlokie::hey just a side note, THE KNICKS LOST!! and all you guys do is talk Lin this Lin that
42philip::Look at the picture that links to the gallery. It is of jemremy Lin running around Parker. I guess that are the same photographers that search for rare birds.
E. Jack Culate::and then the photographers realize that he is not a bird expert, but just a photographer, and later find out that those birds aren't so rare after all.
Andrew12848::lets just be real for a sec.  1. Lin, yeah can ball, pass and shoot, but will have to evolve to another level to continue to start.   the easeist way to judge him is this=  would you start him before your teams pg.   I live, work and play in San Antonio, he does not start before Tony.  now that tells me he is not elite yet.  he would still come off the bench and might be able to still score 20 plus in our team system.  but there are many teams he could not take thte starting position, which again tells us that not every team has an elite pg,  If you cant bump a non elite pg then you definalty can not be compared to an elite pg.  Mind you Parker is a 3x champ, multi allstar and an MVP.  YOU MUST HAVE SOMETHING ON YOUR RESUME TO BE IN PARKERS CLASS,   So love Lin , or hate him but be real, he's a guy who can play nba ball, hes a scrub on the avg. team, yet my scrubs outscore the other teams scrubs more often then not. being a scrub isnt all that bad!
luvnbayes::The backlash against Lin amazes me.  He is a legitimate starting point guard in this league, period.
DeacsNSpurs::There's backlash because he got so much hype so quickly.  It's mostly jealousy from small market fans because they know that if they had Lin on their team, he would be a side mention at the end of the ESPN program instead of a national storyline that everyone is talking about.  Gary Neal went crazy in a couple games last year, hitting a couple huge game winners as a 27 year old rookie, yet no one knew about it. Why? It's San Antonio, not NYC.
johnbreedlove13::I definitely take Lin over Darren Collison, Earl Watson, Jrue Holiday, Devin Harris, Jeff Teague, Kemba Walker, Mario Chalmers, Derrick Fisher, Kyle Lowry, Mike Conley, Brandon Jennings, Brandon Knight, Jameer Nelson, Jarrett Jack, Raymond Felton, Isaiah Thomas. That already puts him in the top half of the league for starting PGs.
luvnbayes::Absolutely.
johnbreedlove13::I'm pretty comfortable saying that Lin is a better shooter than Jennings in particular.  This is Jennings' best year and he's shooting 40%.  Even in the Euroleague, he only shot 39%.  Lin averaged 48% in his 4 yrs at Harvard, increasing each year that he played.
Mods h8 Winterfresh98::Lin hasnt played the amount of games to make it a fair assesstment
johnbreedlove13::Oh, and Lin gets to the line far more often than either one also.
johnbreedlove13::Lin is a much better shooter (he shoots 46% compared to their 42% and 40% respectively) and ball distributor than either one of those guys.  His assist to turnover ratio isn't that much worse than either, and overall he generates more assists, steals and rebounds.
Mods h8 Winterfresh98::Over Jrue and Jennings????
Mods h8 Winterfresh98::How are you comparing Lin to Parker??????  Its obvious Parker is the better player by a huge margin.  Lin knows that.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Too bad the Spurs lost to the Bulls....but they've already beaten okc and the sixers...but when they lost to the bulls....the bulls were struggling during that game as well....but the Spurs hung in there with them....and it wasn't a blow out...bulls won by seven....Goooooooooooooooooooooooooo Spurs.........it'll be the Spurs and Okc for the western conference finals I predict!!!!!
Andrew12848::Very dissapointed in that game , we were short handed and should have beaten them with who could suit up. it was obvious that a hurt Spurs team could out match a full roster Bulls, team.  Pop mismanaged the final min, by allowing Tim not once but twice take a 3 when after the frist one Pop should have called a time out and had bonner and neal Bring the ball in and up court, with neal handling the ball and coming to the top right side of the 3 line, then ahve bonner trail and someone for the corner 3. Neal could have taken a pull up 3 or dish to the left to the trailing bonner or dih the ball to the right corner for a 3.  that game management cost us the win, other wise the Bull could not pull on the Spurs ( even with the full roster, and us missing 2 players) who again should have beaten the Bulls.
AkeemDream34::Lin is hands down the best PG in the league; Parker remains lucky
sportsDoc281::Stupid comment!
s.molla1993::Idiot
WashFlokie::nicks lost the game, and you decide to post lin is hands down best pg in league. delusional
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Parker.....lucky? You mean gifted and talented!
yale203::No doubt he is good.  But I would say he is Top 8, not #1 although he can certainly reach that goal.
Mods h8 Winterfresh98::Lin is not top 8, he hovers around the the 25 mark
Andrew12848::then you would be wrong, top 8, really....  so you start watching the NBA when LIN started for the Knicks?  I am sure of it , because your BB IQ is low.
jb1919::sooo... can Tony Parker finally be included in the MVP discussion?
Big-skeeter::he is and has been for like 5 weeks
bop35045::The Knicks are who we thought they were. A joke!!!! All this big talk about Lin, but it seems the Miami game exposed him a bit.
johnbreedlove13::Exposed him as what?  The talk is and was about an undrafted player being one of the top 32 PGs in the NBA.  Of course he's going to struggle, but I don't see anything from his game that says he shouldn't be a starting PG.
yale203::yeah 1 poor game out of 16 really exposes him.
Big-skeeter::i love all the idiots saying Lin had a good game  he had 8 points in the last 2 minutes against the spurs scrubs not defending him, hes just a stats-padder
yale203::Lin had a good game. Full stop.
E. Jack Culate::yeah big-skeeter, you motherf.ucking coc.ksucking sh.ithead
johnbreedlove13::So if he "only" had 12 pts, 4 asts, 3 steals and 1 TO, he's horrible?  Because that seems to be your argument.  The kid is a starting caliber point guard, get over it.
luvnbayes::You are absolutely correct.  The Knicks are full of stat padders, and Lin is NOT one of them.
Mods h8 Winterfresh98::I love idiots like you that are microscoping the kid and quick to type up how much you wish for the kid to fail.
E. Jack Culate::When people said Lin had a good or OK game, they are not referring to the points he scored, but based on what they saw and the one turnover he had.  You seem to be just talking stats.
alaingruen::I actually don't think Baron played all that poorly. The o-fer in the shooting department hurts, and is glaring in the box score, but I thought he did a good job of running the team when he was in.
threetimechamp210::He is the biggest punk shoving Spur players in the back trying to hurt them! Sore freaking loser starting to punk out Richard Jefferson but he is the one that got punked out in the end, sorry a$$ bench warmer!
ajkilla22::D'Antoni isn't so good when he doesn't have a HOF PG on his team i guess. Lin is good but he's not on that level.
jb1919::D'Antoni was barely a decent coach WITH a HOF PG (Steve Nash) in Phoenix. The spurs have been beating D'Antoni's 'no defense' teams for the better part of a decade now.
nycpratl::dantoni was hired with the expectation that james would sign on.  they would then create a great show for all the world to see; fun and gun galore.  maybe nash would have signed on for that fantasy if it played out.  no james.  no fun. bad owner.  bad trades.  bad salary cap.  bad coach.  bad team.
Mods h8 Winterfresh98::sneaky
nycpratl::it was speculated at the time that all 3 coordinated at least a year prior after meeting with pat riley.  riley is clever enough to do that
Mods h8 Winterfresh98::Did James sign with MIA before or after Bosh was signed?
NoRankings::You can cry Lin is overratted all you want, but Lin actually had a good game...Melo took 24 shots to get 27 pts...he's hurt the team since he's been back
mark35345::Baron Davis is really making his presence felt - slow - can't shoot - isn't there a D-league guard you could bring up or sign - shoot Mike James could do way better as a back up point guard.
mark35345::Anthony might make a good sixth man. Points off the bench? Maybe a poor man's Vinnie "Microwave" Johnson? I know I'm reaching but there must be something Anthony can do to help this team win...
19GoNY87::that's actually really good lol
E. Jack Culate::and he scored 27 on 24 shots while shooting one free throw.
19GoNY87::they lost to a top 5 team in the league, who lives in the paint, without their starting center
jb1919::The spurs... who you are referring to, have been playing without ginobili most of the season... and are still top 5 as you mentioned.  Chandler cant hold ginobili's jock.... but you don't hear the spurs making excuses for losing... they just find ways to win like good teams do.
mark35345::The Spurs were a top 5 team last year and lost in the first round. It could happen to them again.
E. Jack Culate::i dont think you understand what "win" means.  They lost yesterday, so no that didn't "help"
19GoNY87::scoring 27 points and going 3-7 from 3? i bet that helps
mark35345::Aren't the Knicks 2-6 with Melo back  starting?-  Just trying to maximize his offense and minimize his floor time/poor defense/ black hole presence.
Mods h8 Winterfresh98::Parker is having a breakout year.  I guess Eva was his krypto, ha  In other news, Lin dropping 20 isnt too shabby and 1 t.o.....Linsanity maybe over but it benefits him because he wont be pressured with all that spotlight crap.  He needs to go out to the West...say Lakers??????
yale203::How are the Lakers going to get Lin ?
jb1919::I liked all but the lakers part. I'm a spurs fan rooting for lin. The spotlight probably isn't great for lin's growth... but stranger things have happened.  As for Tony Parker... He should be on everyone's short list as an MVP candidate... only problem is, he plays for the small market Spurs.
Mods h8 Winterfresh98::I say Lakers because they need a PG and some decent shooters....Maybe NY can package Lin and Fields to LA  As for OKC,  I cant wait to see Thabo come back....the D has been missing since his injury.
jb1919::OKC is already dangerous... I don't like the idea of them getting even stronger. haha  you're right though... with better coaching and development Lin could become a star. I fear that NY and the media will eat him alive if he doesn't continue to average 25ppg and carry the knicks to the title right away.
Mods h8 Winterfresh98::Ahem, OKC?   I think Lakers can only improve Lin in his natural role.  D'antoni was desperate for those weeks of Linsanity and let him run the ball, but now that Melo is back, the offense is ran through Melo.
19GoNY87::LINvisible children
19GoNY87::it's okay if you tie it to something still relevant
Spursdc::The Lin sanity stuff is over. Where have you been
yale203::In his last four "supposedly bad" games, Lin had 25.1 pts per 48 mins, enough to be in Top 10 point guards.  And that is last 4 "bad" games.  Go on Lin haters.
Robx716::But he must get stronger to survive...he's getting killed physically
jb1919::that all comes with time and development. If he wants it bad enough... he'll get there.
nycpratl::robx - agree.  he also needs to expand his repertoire, react faster and be ready to make adjustments within games.  he's a smart guy so I expect we'll see better things from him
nycpratl::don't get me wrong.  I'm rooting for Lin to succeed.  great story, seems like a good guy.  fun to watch what he can do.  a bit over the top trying to annoint the guy with top tier status after 15 games.
nycpratl::yale - understood.  hard to argue that Lin belongs in the nba.  he's shown that much.  the question is how much will he improve?  I think that he'll improve over time with expected ups and downs just like any other rookie.
yale203::No you are right.  It is just some on this board like to say he is nothing when, in fact, he has shown above average PG skills in nearly every game he has played.
nycpratl::focusing so much on Lin is a distraction from the real problems with this franchise. Lin has shown promise.  he's shown above average skills, toughness and resiliency.  he can play at the nba level. but he's not a top tier pg.  give him a full season or two then we can evaluate where he ranks.
jb1919::there is more to the game than scoring or a stat line... Lin is a solid young player... and has great potential. To say that he isn't an elite pg yet is not an insult...
oicurak9::Lin is good.  Parker is better.
duceX989::Stern please ban Dolan BAN HIM from running day to day management of the Knicks! Its the only way to save this trainwreck franchise PLEASE!!!!!!!
Spursequalclass::The Lin story has been a great one, and I hope the kid is around a long time. But enough already about him. The Knicks' biggest problem is all the $@%!$'s wit attitude. Way too many chest-thumping, sneering losers who think the rest of the planet revolves around them. Great NBA players are a dime a dozen. Great men, however, is a whole nother story. That's what we want in SA...class acts who play team ball and who contribute to the community. That's right. Nice guys do finish first. We've got four rings to prove it, and the fifth is right around the corner.
nycpratl::no more rings in sa my friend.  you had a great run, good choices, good players, good luck.  your time has passed
ajkilla22::A couple of years ago he was considered the worst owner in pro sports. The only thing that was saving him is that the Rangers are good, and the Wilpons are giving him a run for his money.
nycpratl::amen to that.  that is THE problem for this club.
nycpratl::the Lin run was exciting but this club is not improving. 3 games below .500.  struggling to hang on to the 8 spot in the weak eastern conference.  throwing away winnable games with poor execution at crunch time; poor coaching, preparation.  no game plan.  losses to the worst teams in the league, charlotte, tor, nj, nola.  who's accountable for this mess?  where are the grownups?
yale203::Lin needs to get back to what he is good at: running the offense, distributing, driving the lane, jump shots.  And then he needs to work on going left.  Then we have the Knicks back in form.  Lin is the sun of this team; the other players are the planets.
Robx716::Remember its not just the left hand but the whole left side of the court...that's why its easier to defend the Knicks when he's on the floor! !! Just watch the tapes
slam_dunk_on_u::The only reason the spurts won is because the Knicks were missing Chandler and Jeffries
stepfathersatx::it was nice for the spurs not to have a presence like chandler in the lane last night, but amare put on a clinic on how not to play defense.  at times, it was as if he went out of his way to give the spurs great looks.  coaches should use footage from last night to show young players what the worst kind of defense looks like. i'm not a hater, but stoudamire really should feel embarassed.
jb1919::you are in denial friend. the spurs have been without ginobili most of the season yet they are still playoff bound. Oicurak summed it up. The spurs are a cohesive team with great coaching. The Knicks have not and are not.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Didn't you say the Knicks were gonna win slam dunk?
oicurak9::Nope.  Only reason the Spurs won is because they are a true team.  The bockers are just a piecemeal collection of egos who don't know how to perform like a unit.
nycpratl::it would be nice if it were really that simple.  this club is not improving.  with or without anthony, chandler, stoudamire net result is the same.  3 games below .500.  struggling to hang on to the 8 spot in the weak eastern conference.  throwing away winnable games with poor execution at crunch time; poor coaching, preparation.  no game plan.  losses to the worst teams in the league, charlotte, tor, nj, nola.
Ivan Manson::Neither Melo, Lin or anyone on the Knicks is at fault for this perceived 'slide.'  It is the fault of our current culture of social-media and instant-gratification which created the monster to begin with.  The media doesn't help either: fanning the flames = more eyeballs on websites and TV = more ad revenue.  I wish Jeremy Lin and the Knicks all the success they are capable of and can reasonably achieve.  Unlike the millennials, I will crown a champion when they earn it.
Heavyweight on Bantam::The Knicks suck
lopezrome1982::Hi My name is Lopezrome1982 and I am a "Slider" I just came from another dimension and in that World Lin and Melo are tearing the league apart (Think Malone and Stockton on Roids) They are in 1st place in the NBA ,Lin is the race for MVP,averaging 30.5 ppg, 13.5 APG and Melo APG is a outstanding 11.0 APG guy is really a great team player in that world I just came from!   any knicks fans cared to "Slide "with me into this dimension ,because in this world aint much to see
ajkilla22::Hows the economy over there?
jb1919::I want whatever it is you're on... seriously :)
lopezrome1982::Economy is striving ,Dow at record high's of 14,000 points, Obama is being regarded as the Greatest U.S President and Global hero. No reality shows,Married with Children still airing new episodes along side 2 and half men with Charlie Sheen still involve with the show,I can drink beer all night and not lose my abs!What else can i say.....it freaking rocks!!!
yale203::Rondo, Deron, Lou Williams, Rubio, Irving, Wall==All behind Lin in player efficiency rating.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Melo and Amare were added to the knicks for a reason....to help the organization win....they need to regroup and do something about it!
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::And of course their big man Tyson Chandler ain't playing....they need him back asap!
rtatrt::As I stated earlier, basketball is a team game. Just because you have two great individual scorers like Amare and Anthony doesn't mean you will win. All one has to do is compare how the Knicks played without them in the lineup and how they're playing now.   Without their two big scorers ball movement was crisp, players were cutting without the ball, and the opposing defense couldn't stop NY. Now they're back to predictable one on one basketball.
marvin alston::Thats what i was attemting to say to you earlier...open up the floor and hit the boards.I dont have a problem with Melo taking twenty shots but i DO have a problem with him only having 2 rebounds to go with it.
canyouhandlethetruth2::Regroup? They are one step from disqualifying the team from the 8th seed I think regrouping already past it's time. Is time for change and fast action on it.
nycpratl::well said
jb1919::Regarding the coaching issues for the Knicks and how Pop would do as the NY coach. the New York media and ESPN would call for Popovich to be lynched the first time pop were to get in Melo and Amare's faces on national television while screaming for them to sit their selfish $@%!$ on the bench until they are ready to play the game his way. Pop would do it too... just ask timmy and Tp lmao
duceX989::knicks had a good coach in Van Gundy and the media couldnt wait to run him out of town
jb1919::this is true
LouBane::thats what we need.  Phil Jackson sat down Kobe plenty of times when he was being a little $@%!$@...
lopezrome1982::there goes the thought  of Yellow-Melo Duo
ajkilla22::LIEK OMG THATS RACISTT!!!!!!1
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::From a Spurs fan...I have nothing against the Knicks....I vividly remember the Ewing days!
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::The Knicks seriously need someone to step up during practice....during games and encourage these players to keep fighting the fight....they need a true leader!
E. Jack Culate::D'Antoni is going the Ron Artest route.  He's changing his name to "Never Metta Steve Nash since he left Phoenix to make him look like a better coach than he actually is"
ajkilla22::Thats like 13 middle names
canyouhandlethetruth2::This makes me laugh, People said wait until Melo comes back and give him a break. He is back and we gave him a break and he is sinking the team into the bottom of the ocean.
nesta37::The fans wont admit it till they're struggling for air
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Sponge Bob....
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Maybe antoni is scared of melo.
bighedmac::STOUDEMIRE NEEDS TO PULL HIS HEAD OUTTA HIS AS S. The Knicks are not that good. When you win more wihtout your leading scoreer in the lineup something is definitely wrong.
nesta37::Lin walks into a bar... Bartender asks, "Name your poison." Lin replies, "Melo."
10thoulks::Coaches like Popovich or Adelman could win big with the Knicks players.  They wouldn't put up with the "whatever happens, happens" attitude of D'Antoni.
jb1919::Besides, the New York media and ESPN would call for Popovich to be lynched the first time pop were to get in Melo and Amare's faces on national television while screaming for them to sit their $@%!$ on the bench until they are ready to play the game his way. Pop would do it too... just ask timmy and Tp lmao
jb1919::have y'all forgotten how melo responded to a coach that takes control of his team? remember george karl?
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::It didn't look like it last night.
rtatrt::Everyone wants to win! Knowing how to win is a different matter. Their problem is the team chemistry they had two weeks ago is gone.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Whoever doesn't wanna win on that team...needs to get the pink slip
rtatrt::Your last comment was ridiculous! Everyone on that team wants to win badly!
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Agreed....the knicks need to get rid of antoni and whoever doesn't win.
rtatrt::I'm not a big fan of D'Antoni but he looked like one hell of a coach when Anthony was out of the lineup.
10thoulks::Good point.  I think Lin was coaching from the floor, though.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Mike Brownwas a big mistake....he won't be relevant with the lakers!
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Lakers = No Phil = DEAD DYNASTY!!!!!
