Chelo Mejias::Celtics are 7-11 without pierce and garnett. Nets are 4-12 with Piece and Garnett, lol
Jazmine Ortiz::aaannnd they don't even have rondo yet
Brian McClintock::Can someone at the game please send Jason Kidd a drink with a lid and a straw...
Alexis Morgan::I'm ready to become 12-5 which my wait won't be long bc it will happen tonight !! Go Rockets!!!
Lachlan Haufe::Les go rockets!!  #Rocketsnation
Ben Black::NBA coaches probably get a chuckle watching the Jason Kidd  experiment fail, thinking coaching an NBA team was so easy that you don't need any experience at all to coach an NBA franchise.
Eric Brown::Keep losing Nets. Keep losing. Hawks would appreciate that top 5 pick.
Michael Turner::jesus CHRIST....Paul Pierce is SO bad now! He is literally HORRIBLE.
Adriano Wind::And yet the Celtics are doing better without his Ego :)
Josh Schwartz::Gonna be more of the same so far in this game: Rockets dominating and Nets sucking. I predict a blowout, somewhere along the lines of Rockets winning 123-94.
Sportsbettingstar.com::Matching up against the Houston Rockets' imposing frontcourt is difficult enough for a team at full health — never mind one that could be without two of its top big men. That's the dilemma the Brooklyn Nets face Friday night as they visit the Rockets to kick off a two-game mini-road trip. Brooklyn has been ravaged by injuries, and may have one more casualty to add to the list after forward Andray Blatche left Wednesday's 99-94 loss to the Lakers with an ankle injury. The Nets just got too many injuries and too much dysfunction. Rockets double digit blow out tonight
Ravi Mahalingam::Patrick Beverley is making a strong case for being the 3rd PG in the rotation behind Lin and Aaron Brooks.
Cheeno Orbida::Right now his defense is not that great to even things out. He's the only PG in the team that has no offensive talent or whatsoever.
Ethan Hunt::PB is starting camel jockey
Brady Simon::Cheeno Orbida Bro you crazy. Look at the PGs numbers at the end of the game when Beverley is on them, they are terrible. Beverley has locked down every single one of them.
John Martin::Pierce and Garnett should be "rested" for the season.
Steave Hoover::Jason Kidd was harder on his ex-wife than he is on this team!
Mike Vogel::Danny Ainge is looking smarter every day.
Nbafan Nbafan::They should never get Jason Kidd for coach.  If you want to win now, get a experienced one with winning record, like George Karl, Jerry Sloan etc
Allen Greene::Lionel Hollins or Doug Collins doesn't sound bad either
Jeff Tagliareni::Allen Greene --Either one..Please...And how would the Nets have looked with Brad Stevens?  Or Brent Brown?
Allen Greene::Jeff Tagliareni Brett Brown got The Sixers playing decent.
Steven Anacker::Jason Kidd is overwhelmed. He's not even close to ready to head coach this team, and word is assistant Lawrence Frank is really doing the coaching at this point.
Ben Black::If he's fired frank will get the promotion
Adriano Wind::Frank stinks. He failed as a head coach and assistant in Boston.
Robert Davidson::Nets are terrible...who knew a bunch of old, washed up vets would not form a great team in this NBA?
Dominic Wingate::Ohhhhh 2-0 without Lin the Rockets are getting it done. Way to step it up Brooks.
April Cikstean::Yeah, he's better than Harden, even. They should start Beverly/Brooks and Harden should come off the bench. There's a winning plan.
Ben Black::You're living in the moment April.
Dominic Wingate::Ohhhhh April your such a kidder lol.
B NotrelatedtoOj Simpson::Trap game! Need to keep it up. People still arent gonna believe in us. We got the spurs on Sat. We need to prive we can beat an upper essalance team! Christmas Day in San Antonio we need to stick it to em
Al Sotowitz::essalance?
David Aulds::Fire Kidd and let Lawrence Frank coach the Nets
Phil Metalhed::Briklyn nuts suk bals, lol.
Mirza Jasarevic::Mirza Teletovic!  HOU needs to guard him!
Jeff Tagliareni::Enough is enough. They arent even trying.  The hiring of Kidd was a joke as is....Enough.  Time for Prokorhov to end this unmitigated disaster.
David Aulds::Aaron Brooks simply makes things happen, he can score, shoot the 3 ball and break down the defense.  Keep him in the rotation!!!
Ethan Hunt::he'll be stealing lin's min looks like..... or also backing up harden on a small lineup.
Dave Galehouse::1 basket from pierce tonight, none from kg cuz he didn't play. 24 million in salary for TWO Points. Ya, Kobe, you did take a paycut!!!
Ben Black::Garnett can't hear you, he's wearing his beat by dre headphone
Ethan Hunt::is pierce hurt?  or not fully healed?
Steven Anacker::I really hope the Rockets can put this game away by the 4th, so they can rest for tomorrow's game against the Spurs.
