WeAreMarquette 2.0::Jimmy F****n Butler. Making Marquette proud.
DatGuy8921::He also made Marquette proud by tossing Wade into the cameramen the last time they met.
WeAreMarquette 2.0::He did? Lol
hitz2::I was one of the many people who thought Jimmy should of gotten more playing last year, but I didn't expect this. He was never totally inept offensively, decent ball handler and good finisher around the rim, but where did this 35" vertical and 3 point range come from? The guy is clearly a good person and extremely hard worker. His development has given the Bulls options on the court and in front office decisions. Don't know what kind of payday he is going to play himself to, so the Bulls would be wise to try and extend him this offseason.
DatGuy8921::Butler was just very rough last season.  Thankfully that Summer League did wonders for his development.
WeAreMarquette 2.0::That's Marquette players for ya
Im Black Yall::When I see Rudy Gay play I become gay... with joy.
cancersmasher::I hate garpax.  Such a bad front office.  I do think there is a rift between rosé and the bulls.  Last two years were such a grind with Derrick carrying the entire offense and in two years the front office has actually gutted an already inept offensive team by just letting the bench go.  They need to trust that jimmy can replace deng, try to package deng and the Charlotte pick and get a second fiddle.  Watching an uncoordinated boozer, a broken down rip, a midget Nate,  captain crunch and Nazr try to play basketball is an insult to Marcus fizer fans in Chicago.
mccoywajmu::GarPax are far from a bad front office..They have hit way more in the draft then they have failed they hired thibs and built a team that will clearly make the playoffs every year no matter what..thats not a bad front office.  You can say they arent the best but they are not bad.  I wish they would be more aggressive pursuing trades also but they arent bad...Sacramento has a bad front office..Charlotte, Toronto, etc have bad front offices...there are a lot of fan bases that would love to have our team
DatGuy8921::Bobcats front office.  That is all.
parafal::this team has got to be the most injured team by far in the league    its just non stop and they are still above 500
Wolfy_Pants::does chicago or atlanta want that 5th spot.. Brooklyn is easily the better matchup to play over the pacers... but maybe theyre looking at the potential 2nd round matchup with the heat... ugh i hope the heat get upset in rd 2
just2940::WOOO TORONTO :)
Sharmander12::How can Toronto beat good teams, then lose to the worst? This year has been weird.
Wolfy_Pants::shooting over 50% and having less than 10 TOs can beat anyone.. just a lot of really inconsistent players on that team..
Wolfy_Pants::could of use D.rose... too bad he wont come back until he's 110%..  think Rose would play if they were battling with the heat for the top seed??
LimitsUnknown::How would you rank Chicago sports teams in popularity within Chicagoland.
DatGuy8921::I like the Sox more because they actually won a title during my lifetime.
RDFreakStar::Anyone who puts the Sox over the Cubs are Sox fans, you can just look at attendance for that answer.
Jordan8w::yeah even though the cubs are consistently bad every year those fans still fill the seats. something the sox cant say about every game and damn we're even competing for a division title.
Agentlowe::1.Bears  2.Bulls 3.Hawks 4.Sox  5.Cubs  Its a toss up. Bears Bulls Sox are my top 3, and I support the Hawks, cause there the home town team....Cubs, eh
Wolfy_Pants::most towns i would think  1st - Football 2nd - Baseball 3rd - Basketball 4th - Hockey  always exceptions though LA doesnt have a football team, new york has the yankees..  but even new england has the celtics as one of the most historic franchises in a sport.. but still think the patriots are more popular even with less history
Agentlowe::Jimmy Butler 14 games started, I think another off season workin his shot, Rose Butler, pretty good combo  GS	MIN	       FGM-FGA FG%      3PM-3PA3P%	FTM-FTA	FT%       OR  DR REB	AST	BLK	STL	PF	TO	PTS 14	43.9	4.8-11.1	.432	0.9-2.5	.371	3.7-4.7	.788	2.5	4.4	6.9	2.7	0.6	1.9	1.5	1.6	14.2
deathscythe829::This team has spent the last 2 seasons filled with injuries.  I'm sick and tired of it.  If Butler isn't the 2 guard next year, something's wrong.
marcos977::everyone at the games just needs to chant Jimmy Butler
marcos977::If the price is right what do you think about trading deng for cap space and than signing JR smith to be our 2 guard
Jordan8w::we dont need him. we got something better in butler
mickael14::That makes no common sense ! Besides, you guys only think about scored points but who can replace Deng in defense? Very few players in the league can D like Deng. Deng brings it on both sides of the court.
ExieVandyAlum::no
geeman217::JR Smith=  Taller version of Nate...
RowdyRC::good god nate robinson is awful
geeman217::Nate is only as awful as Thibss ALLOWS him to be...
_Montequilla_::good to see my boy malcolm thomas get some minutes.  I didnt get to watch any of the game but how did he do tonight?
geeman217::He did ok but it was the Raptors....
_Montequilla_::Malcolm was very very raw in college.  Glad to see him get a chance.  He can play good D, has good timing on blocks, and decent on the boards.  I hope he takes this chance he has and makes something of it.
marcos977::dunno, all i know is Jimmy Butler was the best player tonight
geeman217::SMDH...  Everyone's boy Eric Gordon just turned the ball over to Kobe in a crucial situation.  New Orleans hanging around with the Lakers- only down by 6 with 1:45 to play
marcos977::If next years starting lineup healthy for the 2014 playoffs is Rose, Butler, Deng, Boozer, Noah we can win it all
marcos977::all i know is Jimmy needs to start next year
marcos977::who's your fav nba team?
LimitsUnknown::The Bulls
marcos977::so did melo, so does kobe, so does dwight howard, so does kevin love, so does dwyane wade not everyone is injury free like lebum and westbrick
LimitsUnknown::relax.
LimitsUnknown::It's hard to win when your star is made of glass.
LimitsUnknown::He had injury problems before that.
marcos977::Rose isn't made of glass at all he had an acl tear give it time
geeman217::that's the 2nd round lineup this year...  If not the 1st round...
marcos977::I still don't see Rose coming back and I'm saying with a healthy D Rose all season
marcos977::why the f.uck isn't this guy a starter for the Bulls I don't get it
LimitsUnknown::How's the Bull's $6 million bench warmer doing?
Legit_Troller::Any Heat "Fans" on this board?
liquidvizions707::we have other things to worry about. like our star player getting his mind right while we have nate out there trying to play him. the heat is our last concern.
Legit_Troller::Lol they were all but.thurt about that
geeman217::You made a wrong turn fella... Head South
geeman217::Legit_Troller - Lol I came here to troll those fake heat fans from other boards. rate now there going over knicks boards. _________________________ They're still a little scarce around here.  That streak breaking win, broke their spirits a little-in here.  I guess they'll be back this weekend...
Legit_Troller::Lol I came here to troll those fake heat fans from other boards. rate now there going over knicks boards.
geeman217::liquidvizions707 Thibbs has us in the playoffs. he can only do so much with people like Nate. some people you just can't control.  __________________ IF Thibbs wanted him out, he'd take him out.  Nate's role will diminish, as soon as the Diva shows up. (providing Kirk can stay healthy)
DatGuy8921::How's Rose a Diva?  He hasn't been $@%!$@% himself out on the social media like other players have done.
liquidvizions707::doesnt always work that way. he is signed big money so he has to play.
liquidvizions707::well in my opinion they all paid big money. he is just more expected to play because of his past. doesnt mean he should be though.
geeman217::who? nate?  he's on a 1-year contract
Dave Knows Best::Paging Bulls superstar who has been medically cleared to return to the court since February.   Please report to the basketball court.
Rasta Masta 33::Anyway, who do you guys want to see in the playoffs first round???
liquidvizions707::but id rather beat the pacers cause i dislike them more. so yeh that would be better i think. lol
Rasta Masta 33::That would be nice, I dislike the Knicks way more than Indy
geeman217::Bulls can beat Knicks, Pacers, Brooklyn...  It don't matter
liquidvizions707::only way i had the pacers over the hawks was with granger. and even then i was iffy and it was gonna go 7. hawks will handle the pacers. remember i told u this. we just gotta get the nets out the way. and if we meet the knicks then cool. but we got work to do obviously.
geeman217::Rasta Masta 33 - Pacers are pretty damn good dude, and I hate to admit it too ____________________ Not really... they're the doofus in the middle, a little West and George.  stop George,  Noah always does well on the doofus you got yourself a ball game home or road.
Rasta Masta 33::But like I said I want the Knicks first, even tho that wont happen
Rasta Masta 33::I didnt realize the Hawks gave them hell like that
liquidvizions707::the hawks are scary man. cause u never know which hawks team is gonna show up. them teams scare me more than any
liquidvizions707::pacers are good against us and others. they are not worth a dammmm when they play the hawks. which is why i want the hawks to get them out. cause i think we can take the hawks even though i think it would go 7 if we met up.
Rasta Masta 33::Pacers are pretty damn good dude, and I hate to admit it too
liquidvizions707::which is why i want us to get the nets and let the hawks take down the pacers and then we just go from there
geeman217::Rasta Masta 33 - Can beat them yes, realistically I see us having a chance against the Nets and Knicks.  Pacers I dont feel too optimistic beating _______________ Pacers are(NOT) that good really. That got the doofus in the middle. and the kid at sf.  when his shot is not going, he's not much. Plus Bulls have them MENTALLY.
Rasta Masta 33::Can beat them yes, realistically I see us having a chance against the Nets and Knicks.  Pacers I dont feel too optimistic beating
liquidvizions707::hmmmm... nets. mainly cause i think the hawks will beat the pacers and we match up better with the nets than pacers
Rasta Masta 33::I guess we'll see what happens
liquidvizions707::on the pacers board they are dreading the hawks. its just one of them matchups they dread. some teams have your number. the hawks have theirs. so yes i want us to get the nets. let the hawks and pacers go at it. and lets see what happens in 2nd round.
Rasta Masta 33::Just like the Celtics, I get they are veterans that know how to play in the playoffs, but I dont see them getting past the first round either
Rasta Masta 33::yeah but I dont like going by past series, THis is a much improved Indy team from years past.  Im sorry but I dont see Atlanta pulling it off even tho I would like that
liquidvizions707::2-2. but the pacers havent beaten the hawks in 14 tries at atlanta til this year. hawks own them. so i say let the hawks get them out the way while we get the nets
Rasta Masta 33::I dont like Indy either, but I just dont see the Hawks beating the Pacers.  As a diehard Bulls fan Im gonna admit that Indy has themselves a very nice squad.  However I dont see them getting past the heat like a lot of experts and Pacers fans say they will
liquidvizions707::and no granger and the hawks are resting players. yeah. the pacers wont get by them.
Rasta Masta 33::Oh nice, I didnt realize that.  What was the series this year?
liquidvizions707::hawks are like 14-4 against the pacers the past few seasons. they just seem that one team the pacers cant deal with.
Rasta Masta 33::I want the Knicks personally
Rasta Masta 33::Hawks beating the Pacers?  Thats a pretty bold prediction
geeman217::Rasta Masta 33 - And yet, everyone disagrees with you for a reason  ____________________  I really don't care what people think of me on a ESPN board...    blah, blah, blah...
Rasta Masta 33::Thats....good?
Rasta Masta 33::it is, but I type too fast to care about that
Dave Knows Best::Just want to add my 2 cents.  Rasta Masta 33: It's "you're", not "your".
Rasta Masta 33::Yeah,  your good at mixing up words after they have been said
geeman217::Sounds familiar???
bulls32032::Thibs "we gotta get right fast" yeah how about you knock some sense into D-Rose and play him off the bench for 10-15 minutes!
liquidvizions707::geeman217 Well why do you think Thibbs is not playing him???    You believe in Thibbs and respects his knowledge right?   lol @ you asking me how Thibbs thinks... like i know. he's kinda off his rocker sometimes as well. so who knows. he plays players when it is close to the playoffs and its like a 30 point lead in the 4th. i cant explain all his craziness. he's cool, but he has his insane parts. not playing teague more is surely one.
Rasta Masta 33::I think Thibs is a good coach and overachieved with what he has, but overplaying his starters has really hurt this team sadly.  If the Bulls we're fully healthy Thibs is the man to be coaching this team for sure
Rasta Masta 33::very true
liquidvizions707::Thibbs has us in the playoffs. he can only do so much with people like Nate. some people you just can't control.
geeman217::Rasta Masta 33 - You should just stop talking dude _________________ You do know you are not obligated to reply to me right???
Rasta Masta 33::You should just stop talking dude
geeman217::Thibbs and Nate are very similar....  Thibbs has done some great things...  Thibbs has run this team into the ground...   THERE you have it...
geeman217::Well, before you put the blame on Nate.  perhaps stop and ponder why he's(EVEN) in the game...  And not Teague...  And why Thibbs is hesitant to play Teague....
Rasta Masta 33::I even remember he was a big reason why the Knicks/Nuggets fight broke out years ago
liquidvizions707::yep. there is a reason. and what you saw tonight and many nights is it. he'll ball hog it and f you up more times than not. he isnt kobe. he isnt mj. but in his world... he surely is.
liquidvizions707::he doesnt discipline well. that's why. that or he doesnt wanna hear nate whine. lol
Rasta Masta 33::I did like Nate earlier in the season, but I get why the Knicks, Celtics and Warriors gave up on him
liquidvizions707::least teague will pass
liquidvizions707::Nate is a mess. yes he has helped us. im not denying that. but i cant even count the times the guy has blown it for us. and im sorry, i trust teague more. way more.
Rasta Masta 33::I do wonder, and I also wonder why the hell Thibs doesnt get on him for taking ill advised shots
geeman217::Rasta Masta 33 Also the same guy that decided to let Rose play the final minutes in the playoffs last year when he shouldnt of been on the court in the first place _________________________ YOU'LL get no argument from me here... But be careful...  Having this POV will get you called a poopyhead here
Rasta Masta 33::I dont really care what people think of me on an ESPN board, Ive been a Bulls fan before Jordan was even drafted and most of you prob werent alive then
geeman217::Rasta Masta 33 - You are such an idiot! I hate to say your a fellow Bulls fan. Guys like you are the reason the Bulls fan base is hated so much  ________________  LOL  THIBBS doesn't play Teague in favor of Nate    AND I'm the idiot???  gotcha...
Rasta Masta 33::Not to mention Ive seen you comment on here many times, saying some of the dumbest things
Rasta Masta 33::I can tell, just like how I dont care.  But at least I know the sport of basketball and can tell who should be playing and who shouldnt be
geeman217::Rasta Masta 33 - And yet, everyone disagrees with you for a reason ____________________ I really don't care what people think of me on a ESPN board...  blah, blah, blah...
Rasta Masta 33::And yet, everyone disagrees with you for a reason
geeman217::You mean I have opinions contrary to yours??
Rasta Masta 33::Also the same guy that decided to let Rose play the final minutes in the playoffs last year when he shouldnt of been on the court in the first place
kagemusha19::They need to look seriously at trading Deng over the summer. He's the best trade commodity they have and with the development of Butler as a younger and cheaper option with about the same production Deng is also the most expendable. Trade him for an inside scorer - I would be happy with Gasol since he's only got 1 year left on his deal, just like Deng, and probably has a little left in the tank. Lakers desperately want to dump him too. Then I'd move Noah to the 4. Then decide what to do with Boozer. He's been the Bulls' most durable player last 2 years, amazingly, but he's really not worth the $ and he's untradeable. Personally I'd amnesty him, which this is the last summer to do it, and use some of the cap room to go after a guard.
bulls32032::Did you just suggest Deng for a washed-up Gasol?!?!? Oh no I would knock on the Berto Center doors if that happened
Flying Through Madison Street::you have to entertain trading noah I am not saying trade him but see what you can get
kevin711431::Give the ball to butler   $@%! you Nate
geeman217::Rasta Masta 33 It wouldnt hurt the Bulls to play more Teague, guy is still learning. I dont see him anything more than a solid role player. But why not give him minutes ____________________________ Cause he's not ready
kevin711431::This is a troll guys don't feed
liquidvizions707::you insane. Teague plays smarter than Nate. ALL DAY LONG.
liquidvizions707::lol @ you asking me how Thibbs thinks... like i know. he's kinda off his rocker sometimes as well. so who knows. he plays players when it is close to the playoffs and its like a 30 point lead in the 4th. i cant explain all his craziness. he's cool, but he has his insane parts. not playing teague more is surely one.
Rasta Masta 33::Also the same guy that decided to let Rose play the final minutes in the playoffs last year when he shouldnt of been on the court in the first place
geeman217::Well why do you think Thibbs is not playing him???  You believe in Thibbs and respects his knowledge right?
Rasta Masta 33::So are you telling me you want Nate who is a chucker and doesnt dish the ball to a player that is on fire, over a young guy that could use more minutes and develop early in his career?
Rasta Masta 33::And yes your an idiot, Ive seen you make the dumbest comments on here all year
Rasta Masta 33::Thibs is a good coach, not a great one however
geeman217::Rasta Masta 33 - You are such an idiot!  I hate to say your a fellow Bulls fan.  Guys like you are the reason the Bulls fan base is hated so much ________________ LOL  THIBBS doesn't play Teague in favor of Nate  AND I'm the idiot???   gotcha...
Rasta Masta 33::You are such an idiot!  I hate to say your a fellow Bulls fan.  Guys like you are the reason the Bulls fan base is hated so much
geeman217::YOU should be asking the question to Thibbs...
liquidvizions707::Jeff Teague wasn't ready either. Now look how that guy goes off all the time. Under the radar but just sick. M Teague may could do the same if he was given more minutes. His bro became a starter. You gotta play the guy more to know.
Rasta Masta 33::Boozer makes many of them, so lets bench him too right??
liquidvizions707::everyone makes boneheaded plays sometimes. Nate does it all the time.
Rasta Masta 33::Im sure glad your not the Bulls head coach, thats all Im saying
geeman217::His brother is in his 4th year and STILL makes bone-head mistakes..
Rasta Masta 33::^^Exactly
kevin711431::I'd like to see him as well but I think he needs to hit the weight room  But I'd love to see him play more
liquidvizions707::agree with ya kev. his bro may just be able to do that. i cant say i see that alot so his older bro may just be one of them few so yeah it wouldnt hurt him to hit the weight room probably
kevin711431::liquidvizions707 - His bro is little and he goes through the path like it's nothing.  It would benefit him if he got bigger I'm not saying he won't be good if he's not big
liquidvizions707::His bro is little and he goes through the path like it's nothing.
Rasta Masta 33::Ready for what?  Play the game?   Im not sure I get your logic here
liquidvizions707::Nate has no business thinking he is MJ but he does. least Teague is young and learning and he would be MUCH BETTER if he got more time. but yeh, keep throwing cold as ice ball hog out there and losing us games.
Rasta Masta 33::OK??  A little too late to send him back to KY isnt it?   So why not see what you can get out of him.   This is a injury plagued Bulls team.  I want some good minutes out of the young healthy players
geeman217::Teague has no business in the pros. he should stayed at Kentucky for another year....
greensilkdts::Nice game by jimmy. Is he the 2g to pair with rose next year or is he a 3? Trade deng while he still has value, maybe pop would be willing to give up kawahi and filler for deng.
Rasta Masta 33::No way in hell SA will deal Leonard, but I do agree that we need to get the most out of Deng at this point
kevin711431::Kiwi is a beast he dunks without jumping lol
Flying Through Madison Street::no way they give kawahi they turned down josh smith for him
Rasta Masta 33::Ive said it time and time again, Nate Robinson has got to go!!!
greensilkdts::next year if the cavs dont resign s livingston garpax better be 1st in line to acquire him.
kevin711431::Nate has to just play smart and take open shots  Not kind of open shots lol
kevin711431::Finally some real bulls fans   Nice to meet you guys
liquidvizions707::yep. he won't let the guy who is on fire get the game for us. aka Butler tonight. like lots nights. at the same time Thibs is just as much to blame for not telling him off.
Rasta Masta 33::I agree, Ive seen many times Nate actually save a game just to ruin it late in the 4th.   Dude cant stop a backup PG either
Flying Through Madison Street::No better option.... Marquis Teague?
Rasta Masta 33::It wouldnt hurt the Bulls to play more Teague, guy is still learning.  I dont see him anything more than a solid role player.  But why not give him minutes
liquidvizions707::I hope Teague and Butler get more playing time in the playoffs. If Nate is having a good game cool. but when not... you play them and keep Nate the ball hog on the bench so them 2 can do they thing.
Flying Through Madison Street::Yes he does need to pass
Flying Through Madison Street::Brook Lopez is a beast (Robin Lopez)
frostjack186::as the season is going I would put Teague in there nate either helps or hurts the team the guy needs to settle down slow the game down and pass the ball more often
liquidvizions707::I choose M Teague. look at his bro Jeff. He's a beast.
Rasta Masta 33::And yes Teague I would play more
Rasta Masta 33::This is a lost year, I want to find someone that actually wants to win and not pad his stats
dwightmare 2 the sequel::" We need to get the job done" -every coach after a loss
liquidvizions707::imagine going to your job and saying that all the time when you just give a lazy performance. lol
Flying Through Madison Street::"We have more than enough"  --Thibs
liquidvizions707::i know right? that BS gets so old
liquidvizions707::Ok i see where all is coming from. but what do you think would be the mmost possible way to get Horford with Noah and Rose. I just think that is some serious talent on the floor. Obviously we can't offer Boozer. No way the hawks take that contract with their new smarter owner. lol
liquidvizions707::Any thing we could offer since Horford is up in a year i think
liquidvizions707::i think with all the money the hawks are going to have they going to go after a star center and Horford is a star but he is much better used as more and the hawks need a center. a full on center. Horford would do wonders with us i think.
liquidvizions707::hey you may be on to something there!
Flying Through Madison Street::Gibson deng and Mirotic
geeman217::Why folks are so fascinated with Eric Gordon- astounds me...  When's the last time the dude played a full season???  you want ANOTHER often-injured guy on the Bulls???
Area55andG2::Dude as long as he hits ".50%" of his shots, he's a steal
frostjack186::im not impressed really at all by Gordon he's been injured a lot in new Orleans doesn't want to play for the team not at all a good role model for that franchise he wanted to play for the suns over new orleans
Flying Through Madison Street::NOAH DENG BOOZER HINRICH AND HAMILTON ARE ALL OFTEN INJURED SO ..
frostjack186::boozer really hasn't been injured much in a bulls uniform deng is a tough cookie noah gets injured when they need him most
geeman217::SO you want someone else's trash too?  ANOTHER high contract, often injured player???  smdh...
kevin711431::I wish they would have gave jimmy the ball or ran a play or two for him  Let's say Nate was on fire and jimmy was doing a Nate Robinson impersonation, think about how much Nate would chew him out
kevin711431::Dactyl give him one shot just one if he misses ok Nate knock yourself out, but butler didnt get one shot   Nate even shot Jimmy's technical for him I lost all respect for Nate at that point
frostjack186::he either shoots them in or out of games the ball should of been in jimmy butler's hands I mean you got to give the kid a chance so he could get more confident in his game
kevin711431::People who say or think Nate is amazing , either don't watch the games or just look at box scores or highlights of him   This is the problem  He can win and lose some for you
frostjack186::nate hurt the team this game
dwightmare 2 the sequel::Trade the whole bulls team for some players who care
TheBoss41683::Bulls lose and the fans miss a free Big Mac by 2 points....that's a shame.
kevin711431::Why was Nate in iso the last three minutes in the game
kevin711431::U dont make sense idiot
kevin711431::Nate should not be in iso   He needs to take open shots off catch and shoot situations that is where he is effective That's my point he is a good scorer but has little bball iq
kevin711431::I don't have a problem with him playing $@%!$@% never did.  Just want him to play smart and not like a !$@%!$ monkey
kevin711431::geeman217 - Ok we're done....  Thanks for seeing my way
Rasta Masta 33::I couldnt agree more Kevin
geeman217::Ok we're done....
kevin711431::All he needs to do is take open shots and pass, not replicate the Jordan era
kevin711431::Does he have a choice idiot? Who else is gonna play in his spot?
geeman217::*THANKS* for playing along...
kevin711431::Oh and he only made 7 moron
kevin711431::Do you watch the game? Do you see he is a liability on defense?  I don't just look at box scores I actually watch the game!  Don't tell me 22 shots is acceptable
geeman217::IF he was such an impediment to the Bulls not winning,  you think Thibbs would have him out there?  *OUT THERE* throwing up all those shots?  He's out there for a reason...  Mope
geeman217::Nate is not the problem with this team...  fans always gotta find a scape goat..
Rasta Masta 33::Nate is most def the problem!
Flying Through Madison Street::Trade Boozer for eric Gordon and trade Noah Gibson and Charlotte first pick for kevin love and trade Deng for Cap space sign dwight  Pg:Rose Sg:Eric Gordon Sf:Jimmy Butler Pf:Kevin Love C:Dwight Howard
geeman217::Here we go with the Eric Gordon talk...  How about a team starting  Rose, Gordon, Lowe, Howard, Rip call it the - OFTEN INJURED 5???
geeman217::Flying Through Madison Street - Noah is injured alot Deng is injury prone and boozer is so there is nothing different ______________ Oh, that makes it better...
Flying Through Madison Street::Noah is injured alot Deng is injury prone and boozer is so there is nothing different
kevin711431::Then sign horford deng mirotic and tyreke Evans for the bench
frostjack186::lol yeah right the bulls knowing them would sign Kwame brown to 5 years 120million
Flying Through Madison Street::frostjack186 - and bring back rip Hamilton to sit on the bench for 3years 30million  Sign ben gordon back because he is a ex bull so he should put up the same numbers of 5 years ago
frostjack186::and bring back rip Hamilton to sit on the bench for 3years 30million
Flying Through Madison Street::No greg Oden 5 years 60 million
Area55andG2::so 4 multi-year 20 million dollar contracts? Seems legit
Flying Through Madison Street::Area55andG2 - Pheonix forced NOLA into a max deal I believe.  Nevermind then
Area55andG2::Pheonix forced NOLA into a max deal I believe.
Flying Through Madison Street::Gordon does not make 20 and sign dwight for 16
Jimmy G. Buckets::The G. Stands for gets
liquidvizions707::Can we trade Boozer, Nate, Deng for Horford? Straight up. Noah and Horford together killing it like they did in Florida. MAKE IT HAPPEN BULLS.
liquidvizions707::any way you could see us getting Horford? like what would we have to do?
liquidvizions707::+ doubt they would even care about cash since they about to be stacked next year with getting rid of joe and marvin. oh well. wishful thinking. : /
Taco has a Q::Contracts wouldnt even up, trade would never happen
hurricanes2234::that is to many role players from the bulls just for one guy! Horford is not even that good!
liquidvizions707::you insane.
Flying Through Madison Street::alot of cap room also
frostjack186::I doubt Atlanta would want boozer's  contract
frostjack186::he'd fit in well with noah
liquidvizions707::but i dont see them doing that. we'd have to offer more probably
liquidvizions707::yeah... they got rid of that cancer Joe and Marvin. maybe Deng and Nate and some cash and picks. I'd love to have Horford so bad with us.
Overpaidcoachandplayers::Ill let you poor $@%!$@%! figure out another losing combination for your team. Tisk tisk and night night morons!!
Overpaidcoachandplayers::Night pal. Just having a little fun.
geeman217::take it easy.
geeman217::you ILL?  feel better dummy
88bryant18::Is the Baby Jesus going to tell Rose he can play like he told him to cheat on the SATs?
Green Power Juice::22 Shots for nate? haha Is he rose? Nope he is not look at that fg%
kevin711431::He shouldn't shoot more then 10 shots in a game though  I wish he would stick to catch and shoot shots though
kevin711431::Nate is really good player when he is in control
frostjack186::nate tries to do too much if he makes the shot great but I just don't like it at all when the other team scores he just goes to the other end with time on the clock and shoots a 3
kevin711431::Jimmy had 12 shots but had 6 more points lol
kevin711431::The end of the game he was in iso putting up shots  Jimmy was rebounding and scoring all of mates misses lol
liquidvizions707::DR? nah... he thinks he is MJ.  He's a f'n mental case.
Green Power Juice::He also ball hogs in the clutch he thinks he is kobe
Dgood209::No D Rose this year so Bull   didnt care bout this season bt, next year we gone reload on yal $@%.and !$@%!$@ gone be Bulls fans again.im not mad still # 1 bulls fan
Overpaidcoachandplayers::Where's geeman when u need him/her? Wow.
liquidvizions707::I just hope we can dump Boozer and Nate this offseason. They stay costing the bulls games with their dumb asssss
kevin711431::And he's not making em lol   But the problem is the shots aren't there moron
hurricanes2234::yeah but his game plan is to make shots not pass. Kirk Hinrich is the one that passes
kevin711431::Iso
kevin711431::Haha I agree but you can't expect 5"9 Nate to be a superstar either  All I want is for him not go ISP at the end and just pass to butler boozer Malcolm Thomas or bellineli just pass
hurricanes2234::Yes nate can be crazy sometimes but when he gets hot he is unstoppable! But butler is to inexperienced to carry the bulls! You cant expect that out of butler. Butler is a great player but you cant expect him to be your all star and carry the team into wins!
kevin711431::Deng
kevin711431::If we dump dent and boozer we could get two superstars to play with jimmy Noah and rose
hurricanes2234::who?
liquidvizions707::may even could talk the Hawks out of Horford. I doubt it cause he loves atlanta. but we need to go after him. Bring him in with his old FS buddy Noah.
liquidvizions707::yep.
hurricanes2234::Why would u want to dump boozer and Nate who else is going to score for the bulls! Rose and Deng cant score 100 points a game!
frostjack186::I agree I wouldn't dump boozer either unless there is something of greater value for trade or free agency
liquidvizions707::i like Butler better than either one. and you don't always need a 100 to win. you need brains. Nate was left out of that dept...
Green Power Juice::You are stuck with boozer for another season because you have cheap owners that do not like trades or will not use the amenesty
liquidvizions707::yeah dont f'n remind me
jclass70::Perfect name for a team that is nothing but B.S. The Cubs will win before this bum team will. Which is never Chicago Losers
Green Power Juice::Lil Johnny was balling
