JohnG::17 minutes for Barrea?  Where was Rubio in the 4th quarter?  JJ was obviously having an off night, as his 5 turn - overs shows.  Adelman needs to let Rubio continue to develop  as  our floor general, and at his age he can handle the minutes.  Why didn't we call a time - out with 13 seconds left to set up a better shot?  Rubio looked at Adelman, and he indicated to roll on.  We were out coached, and I expect better decisions to be made by such a veteran coach.
Jody::Let's just hope these refs aren't calling our games anymore.  I do hope they have to explain to the NBA league officials and the Timberwolves why they didn't call a blatant foul they were staring straight at.
Craig L::If you watch the replay of the last play, you can see the referee is signaling "two" with his hand, meaning he was watching where Love's feet were instead of where Marion's hands were. Nice job, ref. Now we know that if you bothered calling the obvious foul on Love, he'd have only been shooting two free throws to tie the game. Instead he shoots zero free throws and the game is lost. By the referees. I'm sure the league will call the Wolves tomorrow and solemnly apologize. You know, like they did when Kobe hacked the living #$%$ out of Rubio at the end of a game. Still an L for the Wolves. Thanks a lot. What a great game. What a great league. Big. Short for Big Turd. I'm pretty much done with the NBA, really.
Dan::Wow, obvious foul by Marion on Love and no call? You know it's not your night when two replays go against you in the last two minutes and then an OBVIOUS foul is not called. The ref who decided to pass on the foul call, Ed Malloy, is the same guy who threw JJ Barea out against the Heat last year.   Game was lost in the second quarter but the Wolves still came all the way back and deserved better.  Just BRUTAL.
Dave::Wow, how about Marion turning back the clock? This guy is still a heck of a player.  I thought his contributions to the 2011 championship were underrated as well.  His d on Durant and Lebron and his timely scoring were huge.  Solid pro.
tony::Rubio and T-Wolves are playing great since he stopped trying to score and is concentrating on what he does well; assists, steals and now rebounds. I wonder if coach told him to stop chucking up 12 shots a game. Little corrections are probably all that's needed for Wolves to be to be very good team...
Dan::Wolves are 2-0 against Dallas so far this season. Can they FINALLY get back above .500?   WOLVES!
Craig L::Pure unadulterated horse manure for refereeing at the end. You can list the referees as getting that win, not the Mavericks. If you are going to allow that blatant a foul go at the end of the game, then I suggest the referees plan on swallowing more than their whistles.
Patrick::chin up, Twolves fans. You'll make the playoffs after the suns or blazers collapse
Prasm::Wow, that wasn't a foul by Marion on that last second shot attempt?  If not, what is?
