Max Lopez::Kemba Walker=All Star
Josh Schwartz::Agreed.
Conner David Boyd::41-17 in the 4th quarter? hahahahahaha. Go Charlotte. I was jumping up and down during the 4th. It feels so good to have a legitimate team for the first time in so long.
Jacob Dockter::the one year where its one of the best draft classes ever? if anything i would be pissed. why do you think so many nba teams are tanking.
Jim Moss::Jacob Dockter  You don't really believe all of your drivel do you.
Michael Glankler::Jacob Dockter Don't teh bobcats get the Pistons draft pick for taking Ben Gordon? Not sure of all the details but I'm pretty sure that is correct.
Eric Bell::Jennings shooting above .500? Hell has truly frozen over.
Nick Loewenstein::Kemba Walker = underrated.
Josh Schwartz::To be honest, I'd like to see this as a playoff series in the East. Laugh if you want, but having Charlotte vs. Detroit as the 4 and 5 seed would be a rather entertaining series.
Mike Williams::actually picturing that in my head would be downright hilarious lol  who ya got for the series?  i got bobcats in 7...after the pistons blow a 30 point 4th quarter lead
Josh Schwartz::I got Bobcats in 7 as well. Detroit isn't a horrible team; not great, but not terrible. Charlotte is much improved this season. So, I think the Bobcats would ultimately win it.
Andy P Kordyban::Only the Pistons could hold a double digit lead at home to the Bobcats going into the 4th quarter and end up LOSING by double digits.
Tom Totosz::They're awful and will be for a long time because of those signings. Jennings is not a high energy guy and Smith is a big man who likes to shoot jumpers and isn't that good at it.
Kenneth Delos Angeles::kemba!!!
Jacob Dockter::the most rigged game i have EVER seen in my life. again folks, this is why you NEVER bet on NBA basketball. Its just a waste of money. waste of time to even watch any NBA regular season games. its a joke. The NBA should be ashamed of itself. that basically 90 percent of the teams in the eastern conference are now tanking. The bucks are doing thier best by putting in Gianis. Dets doing their best by just taking whole quarters off. they play great for three quarters. all of a sudden they suck? At home? Sure. An away game i might see it, but at home. No. This game is as rigged as they come. Every NBA fan should be pissed off.
Geoffrey Weigel::Agreed.
Felix Dickerson::haa right. so what about when a team comes out the gate and sucks but heats up the last 3 qtrs? GS vs TOR. Or what about a team that has a Great 3rd qtr to destroy a deficit but then sucks in the 4th? Does rigging a professional game make sense to you? Do you think that it is possible for a game like the NBA to be rigged and all the players just go with it and never say anything even after their careers conclude? Please tell me you have more sense.
Michael Gallemore::hahahah I love these posts, because it just shows how stupid people are.
Jacob Dockter::why never to bet on the nba part 1,000,000 #nbariggedforlife
Eric Bell::Geoffrey Weigel Bobcats have gotten a lot of foul calls, and Detroit's been given the short end of the stick.
Joe Raygor::It's great to see Charlotte finally winning some games.
Tom Totosz::Detroit is straight trash like its poor city. I'm glad they will be awful for the next ten years because of signing those two bums Jennings and Smith. Waste.
Brandon Tigues::wow..looks like Jordan finally drafted a player that's actually good, kemba's been on a scoring rampage the last week
Cory Nope::The Pistons suck at home. Must be the fair weather fans...
Bryan Evelio Jimenez::what a bunch of frauds these pistons
Geoffrey Weigel::Seriously bro...unbelievable.  Had Pistons -6.  Golden for 3 quarters, and then 35-13 in the 4th...how the hell does that happen? I hate the NBA.
Mang Artemio::Geoffrey Weigel yeah easy game for the pistons but instead they blow it up in the 4th.  they're a joke
Bryan Evelio Jimenez::Ruined my 5 teamer 25 paid 500 and only pick to blow it smh
Andy P Kordyban::Nice 4th quarter Pistons.
T.c. Brown::Bobcats!
Geoffrey Weigel::That's the worst tank job I can ever recall.  Pistons fans should ask for a refund after that trash performance. I'm supposed to believe those millionaires deserve their gamechecks tonight that wore Pistons uniforms?
Mike Williams::i have never been more embarrassed to be a pistons fan.....the biggest choke i have ever seen
Brandon Tigues::this is why detroit will never be a good team..they have all the talent in the world, but they're inconsistent..they should've closed this game easily...win the games you're supposed to win.
Eric Bell::If Jennings would get off the floor and stop taking things into his own hands every time the game is on the line, they wouldn't be so bad. Sick of seeing all of his teammates open and ready to make a good play at the hoop, and he shoots and misses badly.
Brandon Tigues::Eric Bell I said it before and Imma say it again mo cheeks isn't a good coach..that was the only bad move detroit made in the off season, they should've hired somebody else.
Michael Glankler::Eric Bell Jennings and Josh Smith are two of the worst teammates I have ever seen.  You put them with Melo and Monta Ellis you have a team with 4 players that would average 20-30 a game a piece but still win about 15-20 games a year.
Dave Wright::This team seems to have the pieces and the effort is there, I guess we will Fond out if Mo Cheeks can put it together........Im rooting for him and excited to watch the Stones again......
Geoffrey Weigel::What a tank job by Detroit, dominated the 1st 3 quarters, and getting outscored by 18 points in the 4th quarter by a bad team.  There is a lot of give up in this Detroit squad. Pathetic.
Michael Glankler::41-17=24 not 18.  Sorry but Bobcats are a lot better than the Pistons.
Geoffrey Weigel::Michael Glankler That was during the 4th quarter, not at the end of the game.
Michael Glankler::Geoffrey Weigel got ya my bad, Bobcats still a better team this year though.
Tom Totosz::Detroit will blow this game. They're pretty bad. This could be a loss that just ends a season. Detroit going on a downward spiral if they blow that big lead
Matthew Sturken::We need to pressure the cats and neither bend nor break. We can and should win this game. Leave Dre in the game until the last 1.5 mins, hell put Mitchell in.
Cornelius Cornell Grimes::Pistons up, now we see if the pistons strangled opponent or give opponent hope.   Good team strangled other teams while they are down.
John Kincaid::that wingman is kcp sir. already rated one of best defenders in NBA.  just needs to keep playing for confidence. scoring will come.
John Kincaid::http://www.freep.com/article/20131212/SPORTS03/312120063/detroit-pistons-kentavious-caldwell-pope-defense  -my source for the defense. pretty amazing.
Cory Nope::He botches layups.
Mang Artemio::the same old story for the pistons blowing up big lead.... i think the coach can't control his players..smh
