General Zod::the nets invested far too much money in busted up, worn-out players like pierce and kg. pierce isn't washed up just yet but kg most definitely is. i wonder what some of the boston fans who were mad that the celts traded them away feel about that now? just imagine this boston fans- you guys could be paying kg 12 mil. a year for 6 points and 7 rebs a game now!! boston was wise to let him go elsewhere when they did because he is done done done..
Guest::It's so funny how people are saying the Pacers are on top because they haven't played anyone good. News flash... Miami is in the same conference playing 52 games against the same sheety teams as the Pacers. The Pacers are 6-3 against the West so far losing only 2 against the sheety East. Miami is 7-1 against the West losing 6 games against the sheety East.
John::I wish either New York front office would have been smart enough to draft the ny product Lance Stephenson. I envy Indiana fans.
Ralph::Garnett & Pierce must have the date of the trading deadline and last game of the season on their calendars, and lighting a lot of candles.
RK::Brooklyn is absolutely horrible and older than the hills.  Let Evans start every game because he will play HARD.
creep::Brooklyn is taking a serious nosedive!
Ballz2sayit::Kidd should have got some experience as an assistant first. He's no Phil Jackson or Eric Spoelstra
it is what it is::Will Lance get another triple double?  Pacers take care of business.
Diego::Such nostalgia for me here, My favorite player of all time in Paul Pierce head-to-head against one of my new favorite players in Paul George. Ironic both their first names is Paul.
Antoni::It took Kidd much too long to see that Pierce (there can only be stupidity or some hate not to put Paul as a starter, please) and Teletovic are to start and if he draws more for them than Johnson in late seconds, they can actualy win... Is there some issue that Kidd has? I supported him but I see it was only his foult up to know ...
