Tony Ellis::Burke's return is going to help the Jazz for sure.
David J Borg::Hayward shot horribly, and some of those misses were massive misses, as in barely touching the rim, but he did dish out 11 assists. So it wasn't a hugely miserable night - just miserable.
Josh Ferrer::Also, I here everyone say that Wiggins is the future number 1 pick. If the Jazz are fortunate enough to get the #1, I think Parker is the better player. Thoughts? I know both can be franchise changers. I'd be SOOO happy with either.
Nate Fischer::Parker seems like he is more NBA ready now than Wiggins.
Andy Baugh::They both have their positives. But Parker definitely seems like he will be more professional out the gate.
Kira-Brandon Webb::Jabrari parker over wiggins anyday
John Carson Lester Jr.::Trey Burke, ROOKIE OF THE YEAR, first NBA game, 11 points in 12 minutes. :)
Steven James::This game setting basketball back 10 years.
Joe McGivern::1-17 OMG
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Pelicans nearly lost to this team again. On the bright side, 2-0 since Ryan came back. And to think some people would dare say trade him for Asik. He opens up the court especially since our small forwards Evans and AMinu can not shoot.
Josh Ferrer::So I hear Trey Burke is now available to play. Hope he gets some minutes tonight. I'm sure it wouldn't be a lot for his first game, but still. He's a part of our future (which looks bright after we destroy this draft, and develop Hayward, Kanter, Favors, and Burks more)
Kira-Brandon Webb::He will get about 15 m nis total
Jeff Hinds::First look at the "CORE" tonight!  I expect the team to come out with a lot of energy.  Can't wait to see Trey play with these guys.  This is really going to help Hayward, Burks, Favors.....check out http://anotherlevelsports.blogspot.com/
Phillip Walker::Smarts total game is more nba ready but I'd go Parker he plays defense on a star level and that is hard to come by with a young slender swingman nowadayz
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Smart can not shoot. It will be interesting to see how much of an impact he can make early with his erratic mid range game and 3 point shooting. I think Parker is the only prospect among the wings who will actually be able to score without just using athletic ability. Wiggins, Smart, Exum, Harrison twins all need to improve their shooting at the next level.
Adam Youman::you know what would really suck? if the jazz ended up with the worst record yet lost the first three picks in the draft due to bad luck lol
Paul Snurpus::Hayward just missed tying an NBA record he doesn't want... Tim Hardaway was 0-17 one night, and he finished 1-17.
Jaylable Hung Thanh Bui::yeah I was like, who the hell keeps on shooting after going 1-10?
Steve Tellers::I was at that game in Minneapolis where  Hardaway went 0 for 17. The Warriors shockingly still pulled out a very close win.
Logan Scisco::Anyone else notice how the Jazz started showing more energy once Burke hit the floor?
David Louis Read::Even though in is 13 games into the season, the Utah Jazz are looking at a lottery pick.
Steve Tellers::Utah was a solid club last year. Why have they faded so badly this season?????
A.j. Terry::Their tanking!!! Brought in a horrible roster besides the young in goal of high draft pick and large cap space at end of season
Steve Tellers::A.j. Terry  is Al Jefferson hurt????????
Steve Tellers::Nevermind, I see that he is with Charlotte now. I do see that Kanter is playing quite well tonight.
Zach Vallone::Hey josh Ferrer the future number 1 over all pick is going to be QU's own Ousmane Drame
Josh Ferrer::funny
Daniel Trambopoline::Hayward played well....
John Berry::The Utah Jabari's will be better next year hopefully.
Logan Scisco::Hayward can't buy a basket tonight...
