Ravi Mahalingam::It's amazing that Patrick Beverley continues to play big minutes with the numbers he is putting up and average at best defense.
James Martin::It's about the wins. If he holds it down enough for everyone else to do their jobs, I have no problem with it. Lin will be back soon. He'll fill in the rest.
Ethan Hunt::PB's been struggling with his shots, but his primary job is to defend and hound opposing PG.  There are enough scorers on the floor, so as long as he does his bread and butter well, he'll continue to be a starter.
Jeremy Gingrich::he's one of the best defensive point guards in the league you obviously don't know much about his game
Leland Wong::Good team play by the Rox again, defense has been great, I am watching the game , JH is actually playing defense, the Rox are much better when he is a complete player. JL will rub off of that and look out when he returns. Look at the Heat, no one plays more than 35 minutes, not even LBj.
Benjamin Hardy::i think once lin comes back, the defense will go back to struggling. you cant stop anyone when you cant stop the guy bringing the ball up the court from getting in the lane whenever he wants. i think lin being out has only helped our d and team ball. even though he is a good passer, he is a guy that needs the ball to be effective, and parsons and harden are just better with the ball. so theres not many touches left to go around. especially when you have dwight down there asking for the ball too. which is why bev fits so well with the starters because he doesnt need the ball to make an impact on the game. thats what we need from our 5th starter. not a playmaker, a role player that can affect the game without the ball. and as good as lin is, thats not the type of player he is.
Craig Keller::Benjamin Hardy , if he can't shoot, can't assist, and routinely gets torched on defense what role does he play?
Elijah Rochford::yea Benjamin Hardy he is kind of inconsistent and a average defender
Dayo Famuyiwa::defense is the key in this game ....dont want oladipo getting a trippple double or afflalo & co going on a scoring frenzy like they did last week.....howard and montejuinas to have great game on this .....the precogs have told me immersed in a saline solution of anyhydrous chloroform while under the influence of LSD......GO HOUSTON....(.P.S.   NO REPLIEs FROM DUMB WITTED LOW IQ MINIONS.....)
Bruce S Hirsch::rockets on there way to 3 guys playing 40 minutes tonight.....that's why there always hurt and dinged
Daniel Bachrach::That's backwards. We play a lot b/c of injuries. We are missing 25-30 min from JLin...you have to win so some play more. Injuries happen regardless of minutes too
Bruce S Hirsch::not true---brooks,garcia.casspi ,d mo can beat a horrible magic team without there best player,,,,yes I am a dr....I know about injuries....they will happen.....too many minutes...now McHale doesn't trust brooks......
Daniel Bachrach::Maybe offensively those guys can play well, but defense is what matters most with us. There's a reason oladipo was 2-11 and afflalo was 6-17. That's Beverly and parsons playing great minutes against them. Harden played 40, but he was feeling it. You always leave a guy in who's attacking and playing well. Keep in mind we don't play until Thursday and Asia should be back
Chern Wan Yen::No parson lost, parson back win
Jeremy Gingrich::No Lin, we still win lol
Phil Metalhed::Gaylando tragic suk bals, lol.
Joshua Sotello::Don't say the they have the magic 3!
Bombinic Johnson::Funny,not
Bruce S Hirsch::I live  in boston...cant stand listening to rocket announcers...any suggestions
Benjamin Hardy::yeah, get over it.  or check out a website called letmehearya.com its a website that has random people broadcast the games,so you can check to see if anyone is doing the rockets games on there. some are better than others but since its uncensored its pretty funny. i actually broadcasted a few texans games myself and it was pretty fun.  but really, my suggestion is if you want to watch and like the rockets, then you have to learn to like bill worell. hes a houston legend and actually is a pretty good announcer. the other two i could do without. bullard says some funny stuff from being dumb, but all in all not a very good broadcaster. and clyde is just awful at every aspect of that job.   im not sure how long youve been watching rockets games, but if you remember back to the 90s and early 2000s, we had worrell and calvin murphy doing the broadcasting. those two were absolutely great together and only s stupid made up lawsuit by his angry daughters took him off the air. now hes back doing the pre game/halftime/postgame shows and does a good job there being colorful, but he is much much better on the sidelines actually calling the games. hes a very smart basketball mind, very funny individual, and a very colorful personality. the three things you can ask for in a sports broadcaster.
Bruce S Hirsch::cant listen to rockets announcers...how can I get radio....I live in boston
Chris Outtrim::funny..I feel the same way about the Boston announcers
Chris Outtrim::Bill Worrell is truly a class act though. He's been with Rockets through the thick and thin. It would be interesting to hear what you don't like about them. I can tell you the Boston Celtics announcers botch the hell out of everyone's name including those on the Celtics and just that overall accent makes me cringe.
Bruce S Hirsch::Chris Outtrim ==worrell seems like a lovely man,but is terrible.......clyde is horrendous...I don't listen to Celtics,im a rockets fan....but I love frazier and breen......
Joshua Sotello::Detroit +4 magic +13 okc-4.5 lakers-5 I ya don't kno now ya kno
Robert Michael DeAnda::put some guys on the court that want to.give a effort
Cody Derby::thanks for not beating the spread
Phillip George::Is Vucevic playing???
Jim David::Go Orlando Magic! Beat the no good Rockets!
Aaron Manuel::Another night, another win - it's not Magic, it's Rocket science. Gonna party like its 1995.
