WesTexSpur::Left towards the end of the 3rd to grab another beer, return and the Spurs are dominating.....well, that escalated quickly.
luvnbayes::Blair might be starting but he, once again, is clearly the 5th best post player on the team.  Why does Pop continue to believe he can help the team?  One more comment,  De Colo can play.  He's been the catalyst to 2 or 3 comebacks already this year.
Clarence2126::the milwaukee does are jokes like they are every year. soft, cant play defense and cant beat a good team. they got their a*s*s*e*s handed to them in the second half typical. on the outsid eof the playoffs looking in yet, again.
Bill7511::David .how in te world can you tell fans that stopping a coach from making decisions about who plays or doesn't play on his team,is justified.This makes no sense. You are being a dictitorial bully. You should have just stayed out of it and let Pop make his own decisions about his team. This would have been the proper manageial move on your part ,as commissioner. He's the COACH your the commisioner. Your fine was totally unjustified,get a grip!!
WeAreTheMenInBlack::WERD...F Stern...
bwp2bruce::Lakers are a joke. The Spurs are a real team
WeAreTheMenInBlack::Spurs Grizzlies . . . . . Rest of WC
SFthomas1969::Using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Ive doubled my initial balance and made over 3k my 2nd month. If you search for basketball betting system on Google you can learn more about this system. If you like to bet on sports you have to see this system go.
bwp2bruce::Bro, I make five times as much as you without betting or gambling.
SFthomas1969::Ive been using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. Im making around $3,000 a month profit using this system. If you search google for sports betting systems you will find it on the 1st page of google. If you bet on sports this system works.
RNCoyote::Few of these flyers where floating around at the game  http://imageshack.us/a/img21/7040/wanteddavidstern1.jpg
martinfingers::Just one more time and I'm going to bed.  I REALLY HONESTLY HOPE YOU DIE IN YOUR SLEEP STERN. Goodnight.
Sethbandera57::Please tell me that Bonner learned how to rebound lol
rgcctx::Just wait until the Spurs get Leonard, Jackson , and Green back and healthy.  I do not care what other people say, the Spurs are the best in the West.  Deep and strong baby. Go Spurs Go!
I Have The Pawaaaa::The entire Spurs team is so strong that they'll be in the Finals against either Heat or Knicks.
squiddy45::we lost this game cuz our leading scorer was 5-19 from the field. We have all of these big guys sitting on our bench night in and night out, but skiles continues to throw 4 guards on the floor at the same time. That erases everything the bucks have accomplished over the offseason and thats building our interior defense. Rebound problems? Other team getting easy shots in the paint? poor perimeter shooting? Here's a solution, stop playing this ridiculous formation consisting of 4 guards and 1 forward. I like Daniels a lot, but he should not have to guard a Power Forward
colobr731::They lost cuz Ellis is terrible. If there was even an average SG on this squad that game is a lot closer.
darylsed::Bucks lost this game because they played the Spurs
Viktor Karelin::The Bucks should trade Ellis for a draft pick next year and just focus on developing their core of Sanders Henson, Ilyasova, Luc Rich and Jennings.
robdiaz2191::spurs need sanders.
spursrok20::tbh i'd be happy w/ getting dalembert as well, as it'd be a huge upgrade over blair
sport medic::Spurs board gets more hits when they rest their starters than when they play them.
June 24th Is Kobe Bryant Day::Everyone loves a good fight.
No-account drifter::Love the "despite Monta Ellis 21p..." on the Bucks' tweet. On 5-19 shooting, that's more like "because of..."
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Those are Kobe Bryant numbers.  ESPN focuses on total points regardless of how inefficiently those points were produced.
BadgersBucksPackers::Bucks need to clean house.
7horns7eyes::Milwaukee points in the paint; 32 San Antonio points in the paint; 52. Well, there's your problem.
SPURZWARZ1.0::Who wins between Knicks &amp; Heat mañana ?
LeoA86::Heat, by abomination.
robdiaz2191::heat
AustinBeal::When you get out rebounded by the Spurs 53-36 then you're asking for trouble. Spurs usually get out boarded and still win, but when they dominate the boards it's almost a guaranteed win there.
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Tigao 6th man of the year !!!!
SPURZWARZ1.0::If you don't like Tiago, don't watch him!
Brewcrewtilldeath20::I can't stand Tiago Splitter.  Everything from his hair, his stupid shooting sleeve, and his playing style..just can't stand him
spursrok20::op clearly jelly of dat hair
Brewcrewtilldeath20::Damn your cool as hell for liking your own comments
mdupnic09::you look like an idiot
Brewcrewtilldeath20::not a fan at all
AustinBeal::What about Steve Nash? He's Canadian
Brewcrewtilldeath20::lol not even.  I can't stand most foreign fuckks in the league..but he tops it off
AustinBeal::What about ilyasova?
Joseph.Goebbels::lol he mad
dantex56::bucks are tough, hope y,all make the playoffs. go spurs!
Clarence2126::u think the does are tough? ur doping big time!!!!
HamilcarBarca::Was Duncan hurt or just resting?
Brewcrewtilldeath20::Dammit Bucks..At least Marquis Daniels went off though
Uhggly::can someone please explain Tobias Harris and Henson getting three minutes combined?.. thats Fuqqin' stupid
droburna::The spurs look as strong as ever going into this game as they did coming out of the game the big three is no longer there now its the big Team the whole team is a G squad
robdiaz2191::we should start the bench and make the starters come off the bench. what a mind fuc.k.
spursrok20::nah we don't want to get them embarrassed by the opposing teams bench :)
Minnysota Vikings::Monte Ellis is the biggest brick layer in the NBA
SPURZWARZ1.0::Props to the Bucks for a great game!
Clarence2126::ur doping too, although i wonder if u would say its a great game if spurs had lost?
fireemblem6::Hay fantasy players, did Ilyasova look good enough to drop Artest?
WesTexSpur::He had some solid minutes. Grabbed some boards. But I would say no
BurntOrange5021::15-4, Yeah baby.
robdiaz2191::splitter coming along nicely. and i could care less what manu does. he deserves to retire as a spur. trading him would ruin my perception of the spurs organization.
June 24th Is Kobe Bryant Day::Manu needs 20-25 minutes a night.  He's looking old out there.
I Have The Pawaaaa::Spurs will be in the Finals to face either Heat or Knicks.  Stay thirsty Spurs.
wrduardo::Gary Neal is a plague for San Antonio...the guy is such a ball hog...I seriously wish we would jettison that punk...
damann88::No one agrees with you
No-account drifter::He's a sane man's J.R. Smith. Runs cold, then shoots himself hot. Other teams hate guys like that.
AustinBeal::At leastt he makes it when he shoots. He's like a 50% shooter
mdupnic09::22 points on 16 shots
robdiaz2191::WHAT?
Spursdc::?
Spursdc::You know you are in trouble when you allow Bonner to grab 12 rebounds
X GoSpursGo X::Red Rocket with 12 rebounds?
No-account drifter::Big man banging inside, doing the dirty work.  Ack, I just shot beer through my nose.
KN_WisconsinFan::What happened at the end?
buckspackers23::They started making their 3's. Bucks lost composure after a controversial call.
kevschmitt13::Remember when the Bucks were in first place?  I didn't have enough time to enjoy that.
InfiniteSammy.::GG bucks
No-account drifter::Ellis and Jennings combine for 10-34. Downright Kobe-esque.
No-account drifter::Okay, okay. Kobe was 14-31 and 12-27 the last two games. Scads better. Same mentality, though - and as you point out, without as much to show for it.
uwechoffy::Except Kobe has several rings....As a Buck's fan that is insulting to compare Kobe to those two.
buckspackers23::GG Spurs, hate to see us blow another one in the 4th quarter again.
No-account drifter::It's because the Spurs are so well-rested.
korn7860::Ellis or Jennings, Sanders or Udoh, Gooden or Dalembert, you take your pick, one of each pair, and give us Gasol.
No-account drifter::Kobe would Mamba-stare Jennings to death for taking all those shots.
dcenate0::ellis and jennings both would be a steal for the bucks
buckspackers23::Pau? Hell no.
korn7860::What you don't want 18 points and 10 rebounds on the interior of the Bucks.
201dcc::202.5  And bye
LakerHeadsReckoning211::GG, Bucks.
201dcc::Bucks and spurs suck
Spursdc::Larry Sanders hacks non stop
bighube702::Tobias is a old   name
TimmyHardawayJr10::*an
InfiniteSammy.::No I am not the InfiniteSammy most of you are familiar with, however I am the better Spurs fan, as I actually watch Spurs games instead of Lakers games and i do not devote my days to ripping on Laker fans. Go Spurs, and keep it classy ;)
InfiniteSammy.::sammy gives a bad name to spurs fans
InfiniteSammy.::just to make a point
BexyIndy55::No, you devote your time to posing as someone else...which is even more pathetic.
201dcc::There goes my 202.5 under You motha
bkdukedog03::Skiles is goddamn terrible.
korn7860::For this team.  He would be great if coaching a tough nitty gritty defensive team.
bkdukedog03::who cares, he's awful now and on this team
