Ryan Naff::Wow -- I read this conversation before the game start.. Portland fans were pretty confident this would be a blow out. SUCK IT EASY PORTLAND!! HAHAHAH MAVS BABY!!
Sina Soheili::Monta Ellis says goodnight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jonathan Nieves::You got to respect Dirk. Greatest "Offensive PF" ever.
Kevin Orr::Not as good as LaMarcus... even though Dirk out-scored him last night
Chase Wilson::Kevin Orr Dirk is an All-Time great. Top 5 Power Forward of All-Time. Most people today will take Dirk at 35 than LeMarcus now. Dirk has always had his number.
Trevor Scott Alexander::Portland over the Mavs 108 - 100  For real though, some of the Mavs fans on here are completely ridiculous. Give credit where credit is due. Comparing this 17-3 start to the 7-2 start a couple of years ago not only shows complete ignorance but an enormous amount of stupidity. You guys can talk all you want about the past, such as the 2011 championship. The Mavs were better than the Blazers and they proved it. I'm not going to make excuses like Roy was on one leg and still single-handedly beat the Mavs one game. We also gave you guys the toughest series of the playoffs...but whatever you guys were flat out better than us, congrats on the ring.  On to this year. The Blazers are good...very good. We are better than the Mavs this year and will prove that tonight. I totally agree with the poster below; talk about your team, not tryin...g to make lame excuses like the only reason we're winning is because we are beating the good teams at home, and because of Wes' shooting.  Get ready....Wesley Matthews is one of the best 3 point shooters in the league and his % will probably go down to about 45 percent by the the end of the year, which is incredibly good. That's like saying "Well the Thunder are really only good because Durant is just really good" What? Duh. The Blazers are winning because Lillard is an all-star caliber pg, LA is the best PF in the league, Nic & Wes are top 10 3 point shooters in the league and play amazing defense and do a little bit of everything, and we have a fordified bench. See you guys after the gameSee More
Fjodor Balla::Way to keep it classy by calling names and stuff.You like it or not, crumbling in mid-season has been the Blazers tune for the recent years and the fact that I remember their 7-2 start from 2 years ago, only shows how much I follow basketball. Its typical for fans who just came out of the caves like yourself and for fanbases who have been struggling for a long time to seek for verbal confrontation after a december regular season home game. I hope you will still be around by april and don't forget to bring your portland edumacation with you. You apparently have no knowledge whatsover about advanced stats hence the ridiculously inaccurate Durant comparison comment. Yeah the Mavs were the better team in 2011  but not better than Roy on one leg, a redneck would say.Too bad for the Blazers they didn't let their guard down a couple of more blowout games so one leg Roy would have advanced.If you want memorable comebacks from 2011 watch game 2 of the Finals.That's were history was made! The Mavs are still better than the Blazers and the season playing out will prove it.Stay tuned and enjoy this time as much as you can because it wont last much longer.
Matthan Schrock::Fjodor Balla = http://ts4.mm.bing.net/th?id=H.4545665773405731&pid=15.1
Trevor Scott Alexander::Fjodor Balla There was no name-calling in my comment. There was a correlation of saying this seasons 17-3 start to the 7-2 start a few years back is ignorant and stupid. I didn't call you stupid, that would be name calling. I simply said making the comparison is stupid. Again, you're living in denial when you say "seeking verbal confrontation after a december regular season home game." we aren't 1-19 and only beating the Pacers. We are 17-3 and have beaten the best teams in the N.B.A. I realize playoffs is where it counts, and that it's still early in the season but a team has to do really good in the regular season in order to get a nice seed in the playoffs, and home court advantage.  Why would you accuse me of having no class because of name calling (Even though i didn't) then call me a redneck? Which is really quite amusing ...because I don't understand the comparison and i'm the farthest thing from a redneck.  Staying in topic, how is my comparison with Durant and Matthews that far off? You're assumption is a large reason the Blazers are winning is because of Matthews shooting correct? Now, your reasoning behind that is saying Matthews isn't really as good as he is playing right now. I'm saying Matthews is as good as he is playing right now, but his 3% will fall to about 45% by the end of the year, but that really won't make him much worse. He still is a very hard worker, will play great D, hit clutch shots, get steals, take charges, and hit a lot more 3's.   I love a good fan; a fan through the thick and the thin. With your comments and information it's more coming across as scrambling, and ignorance about the game. The Mavs are a pretty good team this year...They will probably get the 8th or 7th spot. The Blazers will be fighting for the 3rd and 4th spot, and home-court advantage. Can't wait to see how the season plays out, best of luck to you and your mavs.  Ripcity!!See More
Harry Boughner::Good luck Portland fans, the Blazers are on fire this season! But the Mavs are a lot better than people think. I'm expecting a close game. Go Mavs!
Trevor Scott Alexander::It's fun being the team under the radar! good luck to you guys tonight as well
Roderick Marshall::People can say all they want about the Blazers, but the reality is they are winning. Go Blazers!!!
Brian Hauenstein::Dallas fans, does this Portland team remind you of Dallas's championship team?
Brandon Johnson::Actually those Mavs were pretty average in the regular season. They got hot in the playoffs. After Roy had his career highlight they went 14-3.
Aeron Uchiha::Win, baby, win!! Go Mavs!!!
Trevor Scott Alexander::What a game what a game. Mavs played out of their mind. Out hustled and worked the Blazers, props to you guys. The Blazers shot awful from the three and had a lot of un-characteristic TO's . Good D by the Mavs. Blazers fought to the finish and it's very promising when we still had a shot even after a rough game. Excited to see you guys in Dallas.   Rip City!
Ryan Illest' Unruh::i like you
Chris Rudd::That's last 3 was a 2 pointer but didn't matter in the end awesome game.
Chelo Mejias::GOOD JOB Dallas, Portland was getting wayyy too cocky
Matt Johnson::Portland is winning the NBA Championship this year RIP CITY BABY
Chelo Mejias::lolololololol
Marcus Edward::Rest In Peace City baby? That's not very nice
Harry Boughner::MONTA PHUCKING ELLIS
Evan Chait::MONTAAAAA
Sour Diesel::Portland did have da best record in da.west last time i checked....dirk looked real vintage tonight,u see him go on that spurt......monta ellis is better than james harden also,its just da politics of da game why monta isnt being acknowledged,plus he also averages the most point in da paint check da stats.....lemme see u monta hatets pull up stats frim last year now...puh,ya make me sick! MFFL #mavsnation
Eric Witt::Hopefully Portland plays the defense they played in the second half last night, not the first. You don't want to get in a shoot out with this team. Get this streak back up to 5 and put on a show on the National audience. Go Blazers!
Ian Fulton::It wasnt them playing defense. Im a Blazer fan. It was the Jazz going from shooting 55% in the first to all of a sudden shooting 40%. They just weren't making shots. Blazers will win this game though if they shoot the way they did yesterday.
Eric Witt::I was watching the game too, and Portland flat out played harder the second half. Utah was getting too many easy baskets the first half. That is why 55% turns into 40%. Challenging shots...
Don Layton::Eric Witt I agree. The shots that were available for Utah in the first half weren't there in the second.
Fred M. King::Live & die by the 3-pointer.  Last night 73%....tonight 30%....nuff said!
Caroline Wells::lillard's shot was as obvious a two pointer as ellis' game winner.
Christoph Schmidt::45sec left in the 4th, the jump shot was made by Dirk, not by Monta
Nathan Chase::Glad I'm not the only one who noticed this. I know Dirk and Monta look REALLY similar, but seriously...
Seth Johnson::LA has a history of torching the Mavs. And with the way hes playing, he could easliy have another 30 point game like he did vs pacers.
Fjodor Balla::Haha..Aldridge and Blazers do indeed have a history against the Mavs....A history of losing.Blazers by their own have another glorious history of having the longest active streak without winning a playoff series and this year will be no different.
Matthan Schrock::Fjodor Balla. "A history of losing," he says. lol. Blazers are 74-62 all-time against Dallas, and 11-9 in playoffs. Boom.
Fjodor Balla::Matthan Schrock Meh..since 1990 they are also 0-2 in playoff series.And I'm pretty sure Mavs crush the Blazers head to head in the past 2000 era
Leander Miley::Good game dallas, you were the better team tonight, I expect the next two to be just as exciting, but really dont hate on the blazers cuz other than the phoenix game we played our worst game of the season.  Good luck. RIP CITY
Semia Alis Love::Ummm u lost to my rockets bro. We smashed u. U have 4 losses homie not 3
Leander Miley::im glad your on here trolling other teams, maybe i should remind you that your team has 7 losses but i guess those dont really count.  And yes your late free throws during a terribly officiated game allowed you to win by double digits, but it was close all the way, watch the game instead of read the box score
Ryan Illest' Unruh::always "officiating" shutup
Harry Boughner::Why has Monta been successful in Dallas? Rick. Carlisle. I'm loving this.
Bill Geary::Mavs deserved this game, great win.  Great game Portland, you have a good team.
Ryan Hastings::Dirk really exposed LA's Charmin soft defense.  Dirk did what he wanted, when he wanted.
Chelo Mejias::La? lol
Aldrich Policarpio::Chelo Mejias LA = LaMarcus Aldridge
Chase Whisenhunt::It's hard for me to take the fan base of a team seriously who has whiffed so horribly on the management side for two decades.... Obviously, Portland fans are desperate for some sort of success. Portland is a good team this year. However, they are simply not a championship team worthy of the rest of the league having to "fear"... They have a very tough building to play in and for the most part have a loyal, yet incredibly blind fan base... Hats off to them for the great start to the season, but this Portland team isn't a contender to win it all... No superstar, no veteran leadership, and zero playoff experience (none worth mentioning) from the team as a whole to makes me think that they are worthy of being called contenders... I would slow down if I was a Portland fan right now... Good team, great venue, decent fan base desperate for success, and horrible management  are what comes to mind when I think of the Blazers... Somebody needed to say it considering I've been hearing "It took your best to beat our worst" or "lucky" more than once on this thread...
Matthan Schrock::Great game! Kudos to Dallas for hitting tough shot after tough shot. Looking forward though, I'm calling 3-1 for Blazers on the season. We'll call it payback for last season when P-Town hit the buzzer-beater and Dallas went 3-1. Portland had a SERIOUS case of butterfingers last night, AND terrible outside shooting (never had so many open looks), AND Lamarcus shooting poorly, AND Mav's hitting contested falling down shot after contested falling down shot (impressive btw), AND #68 it's not hard to see how Dallas squeaked out a last second two-point win. I doubt ALL those things will happen again during a Blazers/Mavs game. It was one of those perfect storms for Portland and they still almost pulled it out.
Matthan Schrock::Soooo many good games this week! Great time to be a fan... in the West.
