Derrick Berry::Im a Mavs fan, and i will tell you, i definitely see the Pacers winning a ring from here on out. I say from this point to the next three years. They will win a championship, from the way they are put together, and chemistry.
Malcolm Shabazz::They won't, they eventually will have to lose a key guy plus they're too arrogant to win, they have depth and nothing else.
Scott Hall::They had no depth last year and made it to game 7 of the conference finals. Idiotic post
Brandon M. Smith::Who are they gonna lose Malcom? Every player is locked up in multi-year deals except for Stevenson, who will be receiving a lot of Grangers money next year.
Patrick Bolner::Morons: "wait until the pacers play [insert team]." Pacers beat that team. Same morons: "pacers haven't played anyone yet."
Curtis MrSpacely Howard::And thus it shall be until the king aka king George ascends to his thrown aka the ring! Lol
Stephen Bolner::Consider the source. That's what I've learned to do.
Ray Waterman::Patrick, people from other fan bases hate success. If and when the Pacers lose, those same idiots will claim the Pacers hit rock bottom.  They will enjoy the loss untill our Pacers go on another winning streak. It's the way of the world.  Misery loves company.   GO PACERS!!!!
Matt Holland::Built, not bought. Pacers are old school like that. Bird built this team through the draft and a few key free agent moves. He didn't go out and buy talent like the Heat did. Which is why seeing them winning like this makes it so much better
Adrian DiMarcantonio::don't have a hof coach or a hof player. not a chance
Jacob Sharar::Adrian DiMarcantonio ever hear of the rasheed wallace t prince billups rip and big ben pistons? they took out a similar lakers squad coming off a long run of rings that no one thought they could beat. ITS ALL ABOUT THE TEAM BABY
Adrian DiMarcantonio::dwyane wade was drafted by the heat just like beasly, chalmers, cole, and haslem, and even joel was there the whole time. pacers should just learn how to buy a team lol. pacers have just as many non drafted players as the heat do, now that is being bought
Al-Jaleel Sawab::NBA's best team
Angel Payano::Not a heat fan. But miami is still the best
Ray Waterman::Best last year. Let's stay current.
Angel Payano::I guess you're too slow to comprehend. I said miami is still the best. Still meaning right now not last year
Scott Hall::Things I have learned this morning from the 2011ers (Heat fans)  It is better to LOSE to teams under .500 than it is to WIN against same said competition.  The previous years champ ALWAYS wins the championship the following year. Thus the Heat have won the title since the inception of NBA basketball.  Roy Hibbert can't make half his shots even though he is shooting over 50% from the field.  The pacers are soft, even though they lead the league in defense scoring and field goal %.
Igor Yank::hibbert almost had a triple double. 24 pts, 10 reb, 8 blocks. BEAST
William Cutting::9-0
Justin Jenkins::Paul George MVP.....Hibbert DPOY
Zack Schooler::Keep hearing about the Pacers haven't played a team above .500 yet. And then the exact same people go on to mention how it is early in the season so us being 8-0 means nothing. Doesn't it being early in the season have an affect on the record of teams we are playing? Griz, Bulls, and Nets are all good teams, New Orleans is a solid squad as well.
Jonah Swidan::It doesn't help that the east has only THREE teams above .500 at this moment.    You can add the Pistons on that list too, they are a young and rising team.  I expect them to snag the 7th seed in the east
Zack Schooler::Forgot about Detroit. They have been up and down so far, but they added two guys who are getting big minutes who weren't with them last year, Smith and Jennings. And Drummond is getting more minutes. They should be considered a solid win as well.
Ray Waterman::Well, our Pacers are 8-0 in the East and still rolling. They are for real. I wouldn't have a problem with the other teams I. The East are below .500.  Could care less. I will root for any team from the west to knock down the East.  Boom Baby!!!
Carlos Patrick Burgess::I am a Heat fan but I have noticed and admired the Pacers blazing hot start.  You better bring your best when you play them or either you will have another L in the loss column.  They are balling Hard.  Roy Hibbert is a monster and George is playing like an MVP.
Alexander Banks::Rarely see a Heat fan actually offer respect to another fan base.   Good on you, Carlos.   That was an uncharacteristically classy comment for a Heat fan.
Jonah Swidan::Thank you Carlos, if only other Heat fans were like you man.  Its gonna be a show down this year
Stefan Martin::Lets go Pacers!
Keith Haemmerle::Miami fans...before you try and troll the Pacers by bringing up their schedule and complaining that they haven't beaten a team with a winning record...How many teams with losing records have the Heat LOST to? Bring that over rated bunch of babies to Indy. Miami is going to get a beat down so painful LeBron's mammy gonna wake up with a sore uterus...
Ed DeSalle::Like the last 2 years in the playoffs? DUMMY!
Mike Riddell::Ed DeSalle - it's a new year & an improved Pacer team,  plus very hard to three-peat...
Jorge Bouza::Lol@Keith, as a Pacer fan you should know about crying, who sent you home the last two years? In the immortal words of Larry Bird "These guys are soft".
Corey Pyle::Jeff Ariano <-- Anyone know a way to get this guy's picture (selfie) onto urbandictionary for the listing "douchebag"? I've just never seen a such a perfect fit between adjective and subject. Like peas and carrots
Scott Hall::He is the classic definition of a mouth breather
Adam Burner::When the Pacers lose tonight, they will understand that they have holes they need to fill.  Bucks by 2
Daymeon Craig::You smoking some good s__t!!!
Adam Burner::Nik Krause You are SO tough
Ray Waterman::Pacers will keep rolling!
Jason William Houghton::HIbbert hits all 8 of his free throws, goes 8 for 10 from the field, and gets 8 blocks???  Sick.
Andrew Wills::Milwaukee has one of the most loyal owners in the league, and refuses to let his franschise tank... hopefully this injury bug of theirs will be gone soon, they deserve to be at least competative night to night... much respect to the Deer...  But Go PACERS!!
Roger Boyd::The Pacers just keep rolling. Next up are the Bulls for receiving their second beatdown of the season.
Marty Mcflyy::milwaukee will hand the Pacers their first L tonight....FACT!!!!!!!! #fearthedeer
Jonah Swidan::With half of your team injured?  Yeah good luck home boy
Scott Hall::Jonah Swidan Good luck if they had all their players healthy
Jonah Swidan::I know right!  Bucks I don't have a problem with but they are just not that good.  I think they downgraded from last year
Scott Hall::If Charlotte beats Miami tonight they will be tied with them .
Chauncey Jones::I'm not a Pacers fan but these boys ain't playing with nobody.
Chauncey Jones::I can see them winning
Scott Hall::Jeff it's "their" players. And I sure that would be a 27 point difference
Jonah Swidan::Jeff Ariano  Youre telling me the Heat don't play the Bucks?   I've got news for you they do 3-4 times a year
Jordan Ferguson::Roy Hibbert has more blocks than half the TEAMS in the NBA
Stefan Martin::Lol @ whoever thought the bucks were gonna win this one!
Daymeon Craig::Where all them BUCK fans at y'all  done got  quiet!!!????
Bryce Morgan::English?
Nathan Belfield::Bryce Morgan Its a message board, not a job interview.
Benny Thai Tran::Bryce Morgan Lol.  The grammar police and the Billy Chemist!
Justin Bourgerie::Hopefully the Pacers can actually get out to a quick start and keep a solid lead the whole game. I would like to see the starters get some extra rest for Chicago.
Adrian Kosteleski::will indy go 82 and 0? i say most likely
