Sub15------------::<span><br><p style="text-align: right;"><br><em> <strong>WOW</strong> <br><br><br> </em></p></span>
heynoyoudidnt::$@%!
heynoyoudidnt::and this?
heynoyoudidnt::didnt work
heynoyoudidnt::<sup>and this</sup>
heynoyoudidnt::<b>had to try this somewhere why not a cavs message board</b>
brownstribe44::This might be the most exciting thing we see from the Cavs, but we will take it, an away win in the 2nd game is great, any win in the first 5 games is good compared to last year. I hope this means there is some sign of improvement this year. GO CAVS!!
pottttts::Only two games into the season, but a big win for the Cavs. TT, back to back solid nights. KI, nice bounceback from a difficult opener vs. the Raptors.
another1bytesthedust::True enough-my pistons stink-yes they do-wont argue that....but you clevland fans have no room to talk what so ever...at least our NBA team knows what it feels like to win championshipscan u say the same cleveland?that's what i thought....be happy with the win-and shut your pie holes and keep it moving!!!!!
brownstribe44::I love how much trash talk the fans of the Tigers, the Pistons, and  the Wolverines do but they can never seem to take what they dish out. Quit crying it was one loss get over it.
bob_ran4::Tigers- division champions Wolverines- most wins all time and in a BCS bowl Pistons- 6 straight EC championships.
cphtcpht::People are always "talkin " here and every other sports blog and article. You act like if the Pistons won some idiots in Detroit wouldnt do the same thing. Chill out. Life is too short to get so upset over a game. I hope the best for the Cavs and you hope the  best for the Pistons but neither team is gonna win it this year so this all we have. Im gonna see stupid posts from Clevelanders when the Cavs win and you will see the same when Detroit wins. Relax. Youll live longer!
DMan101945::if you lose to the cavs by 16 points, you minus well give up on the season
brownstribe44::Detroit school system Dman?
Mktmaven::You minus well give up the season? Isn't that "might as well "you friggin fool.
pistonfanstill::No one else was going to hire Lawrence Frank as Head Coach.  Get use to this.  This year is a wash and next year will be worst.  Frank is an expert at impressing dumb owners and their consultants during interviews.  He was hired at the Nets to be a Pushover for J Kidd who got Byron Scott fired. Frank with no coaching experience tookover a Nets team which went to back to back FINALS and turned then into the LOTTO.  While players may say the PC thing the hire of Frank shouted to the rest of the NBA that the Pistons do not want to win.  And dont blame the players, hiring Frank is the example of dumb ownership and management moves.  This is another Dumb hire which ranks worst than that of Michael Curry.  This guy was essentially a waterboy who hung around Indiana's lockerroom daydreaming about being a coach in the NBA and 2 foolish owners granted Walter Mitty his wish.
perrypete::you are as clueless as these cavs fans!
XstreamINsanity::I'll continue saying this for the next week as long as I see progression (which I have).  The Pistons have a new owner, a new coach (multiple new coaches really), a new offensive scheme, a new defensive scheme, 5 players are in their third season or less (Knight, Monroe, Daye, Jerebko, Macklin) and two of them are starters, Stuckey isn't a PG or an SG, just someone who can do little at both spots, Stuckey wasn't with the team the first week, they've only seen everyone together for 3 weeks now, and more importantly, this was only the 4th game (3rd against Cleveland).  Three weeks is not enough time to learn the new systems yet (Coach has said he hasn't even gotten through his whole playbook yet because of the short time frame), Three weeks isn't enough time for the coaches or players to learn each other yet.  We don't have all of the tools that we need and what we have that is "tradeable" wouldn't necessarily give us what we need unless it's a draft pick (preferably lottery).  Were any of you expecting playoffs or championship with this team this year?  If so, you don't know the game of basketball.  I have high hopes for this club, and that means 8th seed at best.  Anything more would be amazing.  The skill talent is there, but we're missing a big.  I would love to see Charlie V let go (would have preferred amnesty) and get a growing big to develop).  Monroe may even go through the Soph woes, who knows.  Knight provided me with everything I needed to see last night to assure me HE should be the starting PG.  Gordon or Stuckey at SG, don't care who starts.  And it was great to see Gordon shoot more efficiently yesterday for a good 25 points.  There are bright and dark spots on the team, and in time they'll get brighter.  I don't think 2 games into the season is enough time to say how many games a team may or may not win.  If we're 20 games in and we're 3-17, I'll agree, but it's only two games and we're 0-2.  If we win (NOT LIKELY) against the Celtics, we're 1-2, but does that mean we're better and clicking because we beat an elite(ish) team?  No, just means we were better that day.  You need consistency to determine if a team is better, and two games with all of the changes that have happened is NOWHERE near enough time to make that judgement.  Especially since there is time to trade players for other players.  I'm not saying stay all up beat like they're going to be awesome by years end, but golly, give it more than a week at least.  And if we get a lottery pick next year (likely), then we'll have Monroe, Knight, Jerebko, Daye (I think) and Macklin along with a new lottery pick in a deep draft (hoping for a big) for 6 people on the roster (at least) in their 4th year or less.  We're in the middle of rebuilding, but rather than dump everything and start completely new (never works) they've kept some veterans around for guidance (some I don't agree with - see Stuckey and Charlie V).  Sorry for the rant, I just can't stand people taking such a small sample size with all the changes that have occurred and acting like this was supposed to be a championship contender.
XstreamINsanity::I've always been torn on Maxiell.  The potential is there, but it's like Stuckey, it's stagnant.  As far as Coach goes, I'm willing to give him time.  As the Nets started loosing, the stars were also trending downwards, so it wasn't necessarily just him.  He definitely says all of the right stuff, and the players are more upbeat with him than they were with Kuester (even from the beginning) so I hope that reads into it.  Like I said, I'm not expecting much from this season, but don't think there is any ONE person to blame for any of it.  So much stuff has happened over the last few years (especially the pending sale of the team) that has really put this team in a downward spin.  I personally think Flip should have never been fired, I thought he had them on a good run.  But if we didn't, Larry Brown wouldn't have gotten us the championship.  Oh well, that's the past, time to look towards the future.
pistonfanstill::Stuckey is in the way of better players.  Ben Gordon is better and Bynum is a better PG.  Frank will manage to make worst mistakes then Curry did in mishandling Rip, AI, Stuckey and Gordon.  Brandon Knight is already better than Stuckey but Frank, a real goofball Wannabe is playing a game he's not qualified to play, that is 'having the rookie earn playing time' against a losing player who is content to be the leading scorer and assists man on terrible teams.  And what is Maxiell doing still on the roster? He's been useless ever since signing his contract 2 years ago.  Pistons contend for what amounts to a NBA's version of the 0 - 16 team.  They will win a few games only because of the way a basketball bounces but we are sure to hear Frank talk about 'defense' and find new ways to say cliches with a straight face as if he's knows anything beyond how to impress clueless owners during job interviews.
bamberg1977::Obviously the Pistons blow.   But B. Knight and G. Monroe are legit.
Steve the Guttenberg::I can't think of a more pathetic city then Cleveland, are you losers good at ANYTHING?
clevelandroxx10::Better than Detroit at basketball obviously
cphtcpht::DETROIT MURDER CITY! The only city in the US where Clevelanders can say "Well, at least were not Detroit"! Thank you for providing a city not to far from our own that is more depressed and crime riddled than Cleveland
another1bytesthedust::yea-must be all those NBA champion ships you guys won over the years!!! ugh-fricking cleveland-I CAN'T STAND IT...
warwickk19::This Stones team disgusts me; I have no idea anymore what the hell Dumars is thinking. That's right, let's have the future of your team start the night on the bench, and oh while we're at it, let's not amnesty Charlie V, let's resign Stuckey to a 3 year deal for 25M (when no one else even made him an offer), and bring back Tayshaun (who I used to like, but was a cancer last year). Glad to see DUmars keeping the team in 8th seed purgatory instead of allowing the team to bomb, clear space, and get good draft picks...you know, rebuild.
MSU Dragons::NBA Rookie of the year-Irving or Rubio?
1mproperDancing::If Irving continues to play like he did last night on a consistent basis, I don't see anyone else being the rookie of the year.
cphtcpht::Irving. Hypothetically but i dont think either really. But if ihad to choose it would be Irving
liltrucker12::irving has better scoring ability
MSU Dragons::Rubio is a true Point, who can pass the rock like no other rookie or veteran for that matter. Surprised to see him shoot so well. Can't play Defense worth a lick. Irving can score and looks to be decent passer. Irving's D is superior to Rubio's, learned something from Coach K. Should be interesting.
TheKyrieShow::not rubio. Maybe Kyrie.
bahkey::Better record then Celts so far
etripp216::Man im happy the cavs have Tristan Thompson, rather than JJ Hickson, cause dude gone be wayyyyyyy better.
Euro-Hoops::Brandon Knight is going to be a really good player for a long time.  Looking forward to seeing him and Rose matchup in the central for years.  I think Kyrie Irving is fine, but Tristan Thompson is a beast inside.  I did not expect his offense after seeing him at Texas, mostly as a defensive force.
Euro-Hoops::From what I gather Detroit has him learning both the 1 and 2.   Eventually I think you have to get him and Stuckey on the floor together.  Then all of a sudden you have a pretty formidable back court for defenses to deal with. Especially if you can keep Knight matched up with point guards.  He seems to be able to beat them off the dribble seemingly at will.
1mproperDancing::The only concern I'd have about Knight is that he seems to be another Stucky-esque tweener type.  His game is more that of a two, but his size is more that of a one.  Does he have the court vision to play the point long-term in the NBA?   Kyrie, on the other hand, is more of a pure point man.  He has that court vision, as was demonstrated by some very pretty passes last night.  It'll be interesting watching these guys match up for the foreseeable future.
mfj1010::Some GM's catch lightening in a bottle early in their careers and then proceed to make fools of themselves as they desperately try for an encore. wayne embry and joe dumars come to mind for these two once proud bottom dwellers. danny ainge is soon to join the club.
Andrewou09::Cavs have a serious chance at the title this year.
cphtcpht::Not really. But they did show a  lot of promise last night. I have hope for the Cavs for the first time since Lebron left.
cofcrules09::and the pope will convert to Protestantism
JeremyAce4::The Pistons are going to be terrible this year, possibly the worst in the league.  Hopefully, its "brawl" kharma.
313titans::T. Thompson is going to be a star!!!
ChurchSC::Why is everyone hating on Kyrie's D. Ramon Sessions played 8 more minutes than Kyrie at PG. Kyrie is a very talented guy who just needs to improve on his shot selection and defense. Apparently anywhere on the court looks like a good shot to Knight. He can't help but shoot every time he gets the ball. Kyrie also got 3 more rebounds than Knight and played 9 less minutes. Get off his dick.
HateBrass::As long as Detroit still has Joe Dumars, Tayshun Prince, Ben Wallace, Jason Maxiel and Charlie V, they will be a lottery team.
KAYSHIN15::Just leave it at Joe D. He's the real reason...
e squared2::throw ben gordon and rodney stuckey in there too.
Man From UNC::Kyrie Irving is not the solution for the Cavs....He can't guard anybody....Brandon Knight had 23 points and 7 assist with Irving guarding him most of the game....
KingGeorge53::Obvious that Man form UNC didn't watch the game.    Just looked at the box as Irving was the starter with Knight coming off the bench.
1mproperDancing::Kyrie wasn't even on the court with Knight most of the time.  In fact, I think almost all of Knight's points came when Sessions was guarding him, and a chunk of them were during garbage time.
ChurchSC::Knight played 10 more minutes and got 3 less rebounds also. And Knight doesn't have anyone to pass to so he just takes all of your shots when Ben Gordon isn't in.
krasu003::Irving played 19 minutes - last I check that wasn't "most of the game," moron. He's good and is only going to get better. Former Dukies are breaking out everywhere - Gerald Henderson is looking good as well.
HateBrass::Will be another Duke bust-watch!
MilitaryMotivation::u mad bro?
allesmussenheilhitler69::Thieveland is nasty city but go Mavs of Dallas
Coach Mike Browns Spit Cup Full Of Sherman Klump::hey fool, our whole city backed your mavs. with that said, get hit by a buick.
TheKyrieShow::hey thanks for beating the Heat, but you guys blow.
ctownbrown16::your trying to call cleveland nasty when you are backing dallas?? LOL
spong3bobrox::umm....how many games have the Mavs won so far??? Exactly, shut up.
RayKrebbs1978::GO CAVS!!  Nice win tonight let's get this thing going.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_3
ZachRamsfelder::I only started following basketball last year...is it strange that I'm from New Jersey and became a Cavs fan only after LeBron left? And great job on the win, from what I'm seeing, Thompson did great again and Irving came alive. Looking forwards to a bright future in Cleveland
LANDofCLEVE13::love to have more people from outside cleveland support the team. go cavs!
T.O.G.M.S.17::ha. not gonna lie its a bit unusual. but still nice to have the cavs expanding their fanbase lol
T.O.G.M.S.17::mad i forgot about the game. nice to see the W. and i guess Knight went off. like i said Knight will be a great player. im watchin the replay now. one thing im noticing is how much better the cavs are passing the ball
maroonedinohio::Just to hang in there like any other team up here in the Rust Belt.....
go ducks_11::so what are the general expectations for the cavs this year?
maroonedinohio::Can we finally put LBJ to rest?  We'll still let him come to Akron and hand out his (probably) Made in China bicycles once a year and pose as the Horatio Algier Jr. RTR philanthropist and let him go back to Miami and blow Florida Snow down in South Beach,,,,Looks like we got a good rookie to build a team with....barring any others jumping ship that is. Good show tonight guys&amp;hats off to SS,RS,AJ,KI,AV&amp;TT. Way to welcome Detroits new owner and on his own court!
MSU Dragons::Detroit may go winless the rest of this season (unless they beat the T-Wolves). First overall draft pick coming the Pistons way, use it wisely!
HateBrass::Joe Dumars would probably datft WEE WEE PEE or FU FU DOO DOO with that pick.  PEE is a 5-11, 310 power forward from Greece and DOO DOO is a 7-2, 155 point guard that is going to revoluntionized the game like Darko Milicic did.
clevelandcavaliers014::Go Cavs!
CLEVELANDCBI::Is there a reason I don't know that Sessions wouldn't be excellent trade bait for a team in need of a decent point guard?  Young, cheap, puts up good numbers in limited minutes.  13 and 5 I think last year in around 23 minutes a game or so...   We don't need two 6 foot 3 inch passers on the court and plenty of teams would kill for a good passer.  I can't get the NBA Package in my tiny town and haven't seen hin play much.  Just wondering though...
Coach Mike Browns Spit Cup Full Of Sherman Klump::MSU - sessions is a beast, why are you such a damn idiot? just watch the games man. all of them. not just the two games played this season. oh and go make me a sandwich, woman.
MSU Dragons::Yeah, he performed good recently, like only last night. Again one game doesn't make a career (unless your a Cav Fan drinking Kool-Aid).  The best comment is that Session's is better then 8 other PG starting in the NBA. Maybe 4 other PG, wow that's pretty good considering that there 32 teams in the league and he's better then 8 others according to you. That means there are 24 teams with better PG then him, just like the Cav's, maybe the top 24 team in the league. That's special. Be real.
1mproperDancing::He also played really well in the Cavs' season opener.  He's clearly worked on his outside shot.  He's hit as many threes in two games as he did in the past two seasons combined.  He also looks to be much more of a floor general.  He's looking to set up teammates, not just drive the ball.    To be honest, I was all for trading Sessions before this season started.  I didn't really like him at all last year.  All he did was drive the ball, and he didn't seem to make anyone better while he was on the floor.  This season that seems to have changed.  Whether or not it's a matter of small sample sizes or whether Sessions just finally decided to step up his game remains to be seen.
grimmulater::30 Teams not 32.
1mproperDancing::If he's willing to keep coming off the bench and playing twenty-ish minutes a game, no point letting him go.  He actually looks really good this season, like he spent the off-season working on his game (*gasp*).    If he wants more minutes or to be a starter, then I guess we either let his contract expire or see what we can get for him.
jbarker311::keep him......he is perfect to lead the 2nd unit.
ChurchSC::He's actually performed very well recently. I don't know which sessions you are watching.
MSU Dragons::You wouldn't get anything in return for Sessions. T-Wolves traded him to Cav's for what? Nothing! Claiming he's a good, cheap player is a stretch at best. He had one decent year with Bucks, other then that, not much. He won't bring the Cav's a title, role player at best.
grimmulater::He has had two good seasons out of the 3 full seasons he has played. When he gets minutes he produces. Definitely better than at least 8 point guard currently starting for NBA teams.
poyo133::why would the cavs trade a young cheap good player when they would be trying to get young cheap players in return.  The grass isnt always greener on the other side
MSU Dragons::Sure keep dreaming. You might get some nose bleed tickets to a T-Wolves game and a box of stale popcorn for Sessions. He's worth nothing as trade bait. May as well keep him as rockndoc3 suggests. Remember, one sub-par game doesn't make a career.
rockndoc3::Good question, but what do you want for him?   You wont get a lotto pick.  You wont get a good center.  I thought about getting rid of him too, but I think he is more valuable than anything you would get in return.
David 454 Texans::Lebron should have never left clevland. It shoes he cares more about fame money and the high life than playing basketball but I guess thats what sports has come to
Coach Mike Browns Spit Cup Full Of Sherman Klump::i admit i do blame dan gilbert for leloser leaving. dont get me wrong i could care less but i wanted that championship. anyway, gilbert kept ferry and mike brown around, and for that ill never forgive. ya know, whos to say mike brown wasnt atleast half the reason the cavs never went far? his offense seemed lousy.
MSU Dragons::Tell me why it wasn't a good decision? Makes no sense at all. Where would you rather play, in Cleveland or Miami? Hmmm- that's a tough one. Miami is poised to win multiple Championships. Cleveland will win the draft lottery multiple times. Where do you want to play? Dancing Dan is where the hatred should be. He knew LBJ wasn't coming back and he got nothing in return. Then he show how classless he really is by writing his letter, crying that LBJ left him and Cleveland high and dry, so that the fans wouldn't turn on him. "It's not my fault that Lebron left Cleveland, he left me and the city high and dry", said Dan.
David 454 Texans::Im not a Cavs fan. Lebron is justt not a Kobe or MJ who cares about the game. I dc where he went I don why he gets a hard time for it it just wasn't a good decision
MSU Dragons::Learn how to spell saralee411-information highway/Microsoft spell checker expert
saralee509::learn how to spell davd 454
MSU Dragons::Get over it Cleveland fans-LBJ has left you and he not coming back! What could have, should have, will never be. He had every right to go where he wanted as a free agent. That's life-you have the right to work for an employer at any time as well, providing that they will hire you. Why can't Cav's fans get over this? You should be upset at your owner, who didn't trade LBJ and get something in return. Facts are facts!
Coach Mike Browns Spit Cup Full Of Sherman Klump::no one wants him here lol...guys a loser. doesn't do jack in the playoffs man. not against good teams. he gets scared, turns the ball over and acts like a rookie. guy sucks when it counts. no one honestly cares.
spong3bobrox::david 454 texans IS NOT a cavs fan
Giggityiggity::Brandon Knight played really well in spots tonight, not so well in others.  He got as many more points as Kyrie as he did minutes so let's not all crown him ROY just yet.
Man From UNC::Brandon Knight ate Kyrie Alive 23 points and 7 assist compared to Irving's 14 points and 8 assist....went right arounf Kyrie at will all night long...
jmsherman99::Did you actually watch the game, Man From UNC? Kyrie only played 19 minutes because the Cavs second unit was beating the crap out of Knight and the Pistons.  Most of the game, Knight was guarded by Ramon Sessions.   I'm excited about the future of this Cavs team. Kyrie looks like a legit pure point guard, who will facilitate more than just put up gaudy point totals.  Also Tristan Thompson is showing he was worth the 4th pick in the draft. He is crazy athletic on defense and is shooting over 60% from the field in his first two games, posting 2 straight double digit games.  No rookie has done that since 2006.
1mproperDancing::They weren't on the court together 80% of the time.
DETROIT BABY26::gigg thing is kyrie is not his competition kyrie sucks, only competition is kemba for what it's worth he suck's too
clevelandcavaliers014::SOMEONE had to score on that lost Pistons team.
Soul Sector JF::Can't believe they signed Stuckey to a couple more years.  Get rid of that guy!  Brandon Knight is the future and it should start with him.  They need to build around Knight.
RayKrebbs1978::Cavaliers looked a lot better tonight.  The Pistons are bad but it was nice to see the Cavaliers get a win.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_3
EricTheYank::Damn spammer.
BSUBridger::if the cavs wanted to get back to contending n a couple of years they should of taken derrick williams with the 1st pick and kemba walker with the 4th pick. that wouldve been much better!
rockndoc3::Ah, NO!   One guy thats a tweener and another thats just small.   We took a true PG and a true PF with more upside than those two
Coach Mike Browns Spit Cup Full Of Sherman Klump::yup!
mforte1990::ya kemba is too undersized for the nba
cmccoy04::Irving will be a better player than both combined
Man From UNC::Irving can't guard a folding chair with a gun and a knife.....
BuiltStafFordTough::Lmbo, these Pistons are hard to watch. Horrible defense coupled with horrible offense. This team is so far from even being close to competing for a playoff spot. Things might turn around if guys like Monroe and Jerebko and Daye and Knight start developing into leaders. But this team is slow, small, can't compete on boards, is always outhustled, not very many consistent shooters...Bad...I don't see us reaching 15 wins with this shortened season. 10 might be a stretch.
BuiltStafFordTough::At a certain point Joe Dumars has to accrue the blame here. Ever since trading Billups years ago, this team began a rapid downward spiral, and the consecutive draft classes are yet to pan out any "diamond in the rough" players, or even any players that are starter caliber. In fact, other than assembling the corps of guys that made us good for all those years, he still completely missed on D-Wade and Carmelo all those years ago. He's not a good draft evaluator or coach chooser, and it's becoming clearer and clearer he doesn't have the right formula for returning this team to success.  It's high time Dumars gets the blame here, barring some sort of miraculous turn around that I know this team isn't capable of...
ckearney13::get rid of stuckey, and charlie v...let Knight, Daye, Monroe, Gordon, and Maxiell start. just my opinion but im sick of this losing crap!
ckearney13::I mean Jerkebo instead of maxiell...oops
yankees1323849::This is the worst pistons team sience the invention of sliced bread!
marcpru60::couple of d-league teams but their rookies looked good
KingGeorge53::Both are better than that.    Not a lot, but better.    maybe Double Ds?    Move over Dolly Parton.
DetroitKoolAid::man talk about a bias, i go to see the espn highlights and they basically poopoo on knight lol its obviously the irving show
KingGeorge53::Irving's first game, ESPN ripped him for not scoring a ton of points while missing the fact his main problem in game one was bad D (not moving his feet), but the good part was a 7-1 ratio for assists to TO.    That's what we want in a PG.
Man From UNC::Irving is terrible on defense....his man scores more than he does....
Jimdetroitfan94::Until the Pistons win with him playing well, he won't make the news.
KingGeorge53::true.    ESPN is all about sensationalism.    no more than a grocery store magazine writing about the female martian made pregnant from Big Foot.
DetroitKoolAid::pistons sucked anyway, but knight had so much hype coming out of college until the pistons drafted him...now its like what ever he does they will keep hush about it lol
DetroitKoolAid::yeah i know im used to the media crapping on detroit anything lol   and i agree
yata9arasu::Knight played great they gave the attention to Irving because he was the 1st pick...  Sorry about that...  :(
Jimdetroitfan94::Read the espn website's description of the game. Same thing. Irving help cavs beat the Pistons. Oh well, we know.
Man From UNC::Irving kept the Pistons in the game....
KingGeorge53::Beside, we know both players are going to end up being a great Lake Erie PG rival for years to come and that's all that matters.
KingGeorge53::Wouldn't let it bother you man.    They've been ripping Irving since draft day.
Man From UNC::Irving plays no defense at all.....Knight ate his lunch.....
cavs7071::Nice rebound game for the Cavs tonight.  They had 10 deep tonight with 20 or more minutes and shot 57%.  These are good signs to start the season with.  The 2 rookies looked great.  Go Cavs!!
badboys88-89::Brutal. Greg Monroe needs to go away.
spong3bobrox::Central Division Standings:  TEAM	W	L	PCT	GB	STRK Indiana	2	0	1.000	--	Won 2 Cleveland	1	1	.500	1	Won 1 Milwaukee	1	1	.500	1	Won 1 Chicago	1	1	.500	1	Lost 1 Detroit	0	2	.000	2	Lost 2   Chicago not in first place.....dont see that alot
1mproperDancing::FYI, the Cavs have the right to swap first-rounders with the Heat (doubt that will be useful this year) and they have a lottery-protected Kings pick.  If the Kings make the playoffs the Cavs get their pick.  If the Kings are in the lottery they keep their own pick.  The pick has various levels of protection for the next four or five years.  We might get it this year, next, the year after...who knows how long the Kings will suck?  Maybe they'll hire a real coach at some point and actually improve a bit.
KingGeorge53::Don't you remember we got that top pick in the 2nd round and we turned it around for more picks this year and a lower pick this past summer.   Then turned that around for more picks.    They might be able to field a 12 man team with next year's draft alone.   LOL
KingGeorge53::Ha    I see we posted about the same time.
yata9arasu:::D  Awesome!
yata9arasu::Yeah.  Usually I want our teams to go to the playoffs but....  We really need a top pick then we could compete with Thompson, Irving, our core, and our top draft pick this year hopefully. Which could result in a really good team in the years to come.
KingGeorge53::The NBA has more rules and loop holes for the elite teams than Carter has pills.    I can't remember how many they are allowed to get... oh wait, that's how many #1's you can give away in a row (thanks Ted Stepian).     With all the trades they made on draft day, plus the James picks from Miami for the next 5 years... and don't forget JJ.    We gotta start rooting for his team so we get another pick from those people.
yata9arasu::From the Kings and Heat I think.
KingGeorge53::I think the Cavs have a few extra picks this coming year.   Don't they?
KingGeorge53::If we make the PO this year, we're screwe.d as it won't hold up in a regular length season.
Rsp2008::Ben Gordon scores 25 and no one notices because they were quiet points,game over points
Rsp2008::plays 40 minutes in a blow out,in a year when teams will be playing 3 games in a row,5 games in 7 days etc. good players will be pulled to save them for games they can win,this game was over early and Ben is still on the court.
Rsp2008::Ben defends every 10th play,rests to play offense
CheerstoLilWayne::nah, just negative piston fans who need to complain about everything. Ben doesn't score, people get mad. Ben does score, people still get mad.
DetroitKoolAid::dont have to try hard to be negative about this pistons team, if you think BG scoring 25 meant he played a great game then you have low standards....BG played no defense, took 19 shots, looked like a bum till the 4th qtr and looks lost!  and by the way he got minutes the last two years and still sucked.
singhisking101::did we really just lose to the cavs?? This is going to be a LOOONNNGGG season..
1mproperDancing::Pistons might be the worst team in the NBA.
HateBrass::I agree.  Would not surprise me if the scrun Ricky Rubio gets a triple double on Prince.
