EEDUARDO4689::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mgDObq7hWU
mrFEEZY::odom is the ultimate bust, waive/trade him while people still want to see his wife.
Gotigers5111::how bout dem mavs!!!
JasoninCalabasas::LO will only show up for maybe 7 or 8 games in the whole season. Add this one to the long list of MIA Lamar.
Johnson95135::Lookin like the Mavs might be better off with him playing limited minutes anyways.  Dirk is coming around unfortunately.
DeeWig41::Good win Mavs, now win your next 10
BlazersWar::just curious, when was the last time Dirk took 20 shots? Because I remember him scoring 48 points on just 15 shot attempts ...
DeeWig41::That's a great question...would like to see a more aggressive Dirk, hate it when he's passive
nba is the worst::<b>Most impressive win.  Not often a team can overcome a 27-9 ft disadvantage at Denver!</b>
diehardnr1::Nuggz may be on outside of playoffs looking in when everyone gets healthy...  not far from it now....
jayeteee::Hey, diehardnr, we have the depth, it's just not being used efficiently. You may be right.
jayeteee::George Karl is an idiot if he thinks keeping his bench intact that that's going to help the team. A guy goes down the 2nd teamer takes his place, that's how it works. Geez, George, it's not rocket science, quit trying to pretend to be some genius that you're obviously not.
diehardnr1::agree jayeteee....A lot of Karls decisions have me scratching my head....Like Faried is apparently not good enough to get rotation minutes BUT is good enough to start???  And what's up with the 7 man rotation anyway???  especiall in a short season when you could field TWO starting lineups....George is too clever for himself....and me....
caseydiff::Tim Duncan = best player since Jordan
mrFEEZY::the youth of today just dont understand the game.............................
JasoninCalabasas::Kobe,Shaq,LBJ,Wade,Howard,Durant, Westbrook,Rose are just a few that are better than Duncan. But Duncan is definitely the most bland superstar to ever play the game. The guy makes Kareem look like Shaq.
abenezer44::mosgov, galio, chandler not being there, is going to kill the nuggets
NickInP-Town::welp....the nuggets are in deep shi.t it looks like. no team chemistry whatsoever over the last couple weeks. hope we get chandler back asap
abenezer44::mavs vs bulls in the final
Commissioner.David.Stern::Great game
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::Sir I let the Mavs win as directed.
nba is the worst::Right - by sending the Nuggets to the line 3 times as often as the Mavs.  <b>FAIL</b>
Heiroglyphic::The Nuggets are officially in free fall.
Giants Owe Romo a Ring...what an over-throw::Old Teams are always going to be inconsistent due to injury, nothing can be done. Basically you just hope they get healthy an on a run, to end the season
Maverick Man 33::3 solid plays for today!! picks were 5-1 for wednesday email me if interested: bakkerwillson@gmail.com
Kamikazi02::By the time everyone is healthy and ready to play bball again our season is over and done with.... :(.
poolboy20::vince carter, my man 1/2 man 1/2 elderly.   I still love you VC you BEAST
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::How are the Mavs doing? Oh, they won? Nice!
AaronHawk19::Done watching the Nuggets
dogs::Texas Sucks
EpicNoodleTime::Your comment might hurt more if your team actually won their game today
DallasIsK00l::Texas has way more than Minnesota will ever have
DirkNowitzki4President::Are you enjoying your .500 record LMAO
DallasIsK00l::Minnesota has nothing
JustineS04::Is Brewer supposed to be back tomorrow? At least he brings some energy.
EpicNoodleTime::it makes me wonder, how would this season be if there wasn't a lockout, or if the lockout didn't last as long as it did.
ChiGuy1002::Dirk is baaaack
kmatese::That is a great thing!!!!!
DirkNowitzki4President::Dirk is #21 in All Time Scoring
JustineS04::Ty Lawson, coming off of an injury, played 38 minutes. I don't see how they win tomorrow either.
JustineS04::I don't need an easy win, just any win.
sharkboy2421::I don't see the nuggets getting an easy win vs anyone
bradonlywins::VC is the best player on the mavs
sharkboy2421::So when can we expect Wilson?
JustineS04::His team made the playoffs?
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::mid-March.
The Big Stroonzo::Thought you were leaving, twinkle toes.
DallasIsK00l::Good Game! I hope the best for all the Nuggets fans!
Cowboys5XSBChamp::Good win for the Mavs
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::Good night, ya'll. Thanks again to the Mavs fans for keepin' it real with us.
The Big Stroonzo::So long, twinkle toes.
The Big Stroonzo::Keep away from my big tool, twinkie.
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::you are still the biggest tool out there. Go away.
DenverNuugs8.2::TO THE PORTLAND BOARD
EpicNoodleTime::I'm ready for Friday, how bout the rest of yall Mavnation
EpicNoodleTime::you got it sir, nothing better than Friday night BBall
Chris 5 yards after contact Ivory::Nothin better than Friday night BBall real talk
Chris 5 yards after contact Ivory::Where Kurt Warner on list of best all time QBs?
sharkboy2421::Denver has lost 6 of the last 7 games. Injuries are hardly an excuse.
rr2300::cuz 1/3 of our shots are 3's even though we cant hit the we still keep jacking them up.. China is no excuse as we had ONE freakin player in china under contract...  Maybe if AAA would have worked on his game during the lock out like Big Al did he could actually contribute to the team..
ryanvdonk::they've looked bad, not quite sure why, not sharp at all
Aldon Smith 99 Ty Lawson 3::CHINA
Way Klaro::Dallas starting to roll. If Odom will back from his old self and Kidd healthy, they are heading for the championship.
BlueStarGang::Good game MAVS...... Ca we say ching ching!!!!!! i knew +1 was off and denver 's leading scorer was out
Aldon Smith 99 Ty Lawson 3::9ERS TO THE BOWL NEXT YEAR
ryanvdonk::except they will not win their conference next year...
Spursdc::One of these teams is fluke and the other is a Champion
JustineS04::Nuggets used 9 players with a B2B tomorrow night. Ugh. Why GK?
BigDtown09::Tough break for the Nuggs, hope Gallinari comes back as quick as possible, good luck on the rest of the season.
Chris 5 yards after contact Ivory::Joe Montana and Steve Young yehhhh
Aldon Smith 99 Ty Lawson 3::yaaaaaa
Chris 5 yards after contact Ivory::#1 and #2 real talk
Aldon Smith 99 Ty Lawson 3::who here thinks aldon smith is better than von miller???
rr2300::not i...  Miller would have beat the rookie record in sacks if not for his injured thumb and wearing a cast the last 5 games...   He plays the run/pass ..
Chris 5 yards after contact Ivory::Ya
Aldon Smith 99 Ty Lawson 3::thank you
CaptainKirkman::Okay, here we go. Got the Wolves on Friday...
rr2300::AAA sucks... Rudy should be starting instead of him and that is until Chandler comes back he should start
rr2300::rudy can actually shoot this year.. he can pass this year and he plays defense.. AAA does none of those things this year.. And even when he did "last" year he was still just average...  He cant shoot the 3 but still takes what 9 shots from downtown tonight...   BLAHHHH
JustineS04::Rudy usually isn't very good. I'm hoping AAA finds his game. He used to be my favorite Nugget.
DirkNowitzki4President::Mavs #4 in the West as of right now
zosoMC::GG Dallas. I hope you destroy the Lakers and OKC whenever you play them. And throw in the Jazz for good measure.
Cowboys Fan I982::see you boys Friday
wreckem tech101::can't wait for Friday.....Mavericks are coming together. MFFL
