MinniWolves90::.
8849Tara::lakers sssssssssuuuuuuuuuuuuucccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
8849Tara::celtics rock the lakers should be 0 wins 50 losses kobe sucks who likes kobe i don't think anyone like kobe.
Bad luck Bryant::Wow unbelievable Lakers com on man
spaulj::lakers are a joke.
Barrk_40::FAKERS
Superbowl black out 666::It's 80 degrees in Miami and we have the world championship :)
celtics fan 100::wow
Superbowl black out 666::I was rooting for boston last night easy $$$
celtics fan 100::nice
CAPTAIN CAP OREED::IM SO HAPPY I DONT HAVE TO DEAL WITH THAT PAIN IN THE A'SS SNOW...yeahhhhhhhhhhhh!
celtics fan 100::luckey
celtics fan 100::wow snow is coming down fast
scottpilgrim30::Kobe Bryant's version of Scatman John I'm a Brickman bricka bricka bricka brick brick brick brick brick... brick brick brick brick. bricka bricka bricka brick brick brick brick brick... brick brick brick brick. brick bricka bricka brick bricka bricka brick brick bricka bricka brick.   I'm a BRICKMAN
Phatepiclewts::I'm sorry you had to waste time typing that all out.
scottpilgrim30::I challenged Kobe Bryant to a game of 1 on 1. Easiest game ever. He really does hitting the rim instead of getting the ball to a hoop.
scottpilgrim30::Kobe sucks
kiyastep::5 for 17? when was this?
DeezBrown::Yeah he does... 5/17 is a epic fail
CanesJags4life::Aight im out. GL to the Lakeshow and Cs the rest of the way. Hope to smash the Cs in the playoffs once again. Just watch out for the knicks and nets.
Jdzspace::I hate the Nets
celtics fan 100::nets suck
CanesJags4life::Does everyone consider the '12 title along with the '99 titles non legit titles because there were played during shortened seasons?
charlie42085cha::play same amount of games as other teams and win every playoff series? I count it. Should we discount some of the Celtics from way back because there were less teams and less playoff series to get to the finals?
Jdzspace::i know more about basketball than most, but i wasn't one of those vocal fans back then, but i do know that fans in general will jump on things like shortened seasons to illegitimize championships. it's human nature. ]  you can claim i don't know the history of fandom in the mid to late 90's. i'll give you that.   but as far as the game is concerned, i know my history. and saying there is far less talent is subjective at BEST. you look at that through your prism of today, but the truth is that there were FAR more talented players in the league just as early as 30 years ago than are in today. they are flashier, they are pumped up, the refs play a bigger part in how some players score or make an impact.   but the best in the world, will always be the most talented. back in the 50's every team had 2-3 of the best players on earth at the time on them. compared to today where there are so many bad players or bad teams, there is no real comparison once you adjust your personal biases and stop looking through your prism
CanesJags4life::I wish Hakeem could have played against Jordan in the Finals. That would have been an epic series.
charlie42085cha::There were far less talent. It's not like the talent was the same as it is now but on 1/2 as many teams.   When you said "I'm sure they said asterisk about that era" for Hakeem shows you didn't know anything about it. And that was the 90's I don't expect you to know anything about the actual history of the game.
Jdzspace::actually if anything, those should count more. because the talent was far more condensed than it is now.   now there is more fluff per capita than there was back then. you had 3-4 hall of famers on almost every team.   much different than say a playoff series vs the SIxers or Bobcats today
Major Factuh::No, they're legit.
CanesJags4life::So laker fans? Is Buss going to move Howard? I dont think he resigns with the Lakeshow once the season is over.
DaveHIII::Where else is he going he'll resign and they can laugh about it later problem is what moves will the Lakers make to put people around him. It's sad when Kobe has to force feed guys to keep their head in the game. This is the NBA and if you're in it you must be able to play a little bit
charlie42085cha::Have you been paying any attention, JDZ? There's no way Howard chooses to sign with LAL agian.
Jdzspace::that is true, the pressure to perform is much higher in LA than say Dallas.   he would make more money, but his name would be in the media as a goat or just normal drama if he stays.   i still think he stays, he has followed Shaq's footsteps up to this point. he can't stand on his own and be his own man now, that would go against the narrative of his career
CanesJags4life::Dallas would be interesting. They could make a run at him and Dallas might be a better fit for him. Dirk opens up ALOT of space on the floor.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::We can pay him 30MM more than any other team.   If he wants money with responsibilities here or to be coddled somewhere else still remains to be seen.
charlie42085cha::I think other teams are as willing as the lakers are to pay him. Cuban loves to throw money around and wants him. I'm sure the nets would. Even though he said he didn't wanna play in houston, there seems to be some mindset to get him there.
CanesJags4life::He might make alot of paper but he could also do that somewhere else. Im thinking he tests Free agency.
Jdzspace::he will make a lot more money if he stays. . ...I don't know. i imagine they would trade him if they weren't sure he would stay
DodgersLakersUberAlles::I think they're committed to not trading him.  If he stays or not? Not sure.
Jdzspace::Buss says that he is confident Dwight will come back, so i think he stays
charlie42085cha::I don't think he resigns either but I think the Lakers will make themselves believe he might and ultimately get nothing for him.
alexj26602::later classless trolls (heat fans)
ESPNstatrat::That started with Jason and his bandwagon crap. Like most Heat fans he didnt have interest before Dwade and Shaq. Hes the epitomy of trolling around with his bandwagon jumping crap. Just to create drama
CanesJags4life::90s were the good times. Too bad there was Ewing and the Knicks.
CanesJags4life::I guess if you dont share an opinion with someone then they can only be trolls.
Jdzspace::just saying is all.....sorry charlie :)
charlie42085cha::That's ridiculous. I thought I saw some light shining through but you shut the curtains on that.
Jdzspace::and i'm sure fans that were vocal in that era said the same things. 10 years from now, nobody will claim that. but here and now, it does have that *   and who knows, maybe it will stick, Barroids * on the homerun crown has
charlie42085cha::ok some logic. All I was saying is you can always find something to put an asterisk. When Hakeem won his, Jordan was playing baseball. More or less Legit? Spurs first championship run was also a lock out. Legit?
Jdzspace::charlie- no, if they win this year. it will be legit. and the Celtics being healthy has nothing to do with it being legit. those are seperate points all together.
charlie42085cha::CanesJags4life - Why wasnt '12 legit? The shortened season was much tougher than a regular 82 game season because they still played a motherload of games.  And the Celtics, Thunder, and everyone else played the same amount of games.
CanesJags4life::Why wasnt '12 legit? The shortened season was much tougher than a regular 82 game season because they still played a motherload of games.
charlie42085cha::Jdzspace - age had nothing to do with it, the fact is the Heat with LeBitch have not won a legit title, and have not beaten a healthy Celtics team. and age has NEVER been the reason why with the sole exception of Shaq  I know it was a shortened season but if they win this year are you going to call that legit or are you going to say it wasn't because rose and rondo were out much of the season, other east contenders weren't at full power?
DodgersLakersUberAlles::I'm not saying they were someone elses fault, I'm saying they're all you problems and writing off defeats because of internal issues is what homers do.  I wish we could have a real basketball conversation with you, but you've made it clear thats not possible.
Jdzspace::age had nothing to do with it, the fact is the Heat with LeBitch have not won a legit title, and have not beaten a healthy Celtics team. and age has NEVER been the reason why with the sole exception of Shaq
Jdzspace::really? explain how age was a factor in D-Bag breaking Rondo's arm intentionally?  how about how age factored into Avery's shoulder, or Green and Wilcox's heart conditions  i'll wait
Jdzspace::your right, 06 was legit. my bad  and no, in 2011 the C's where without Avery and Green and Wilcox  the heat have never beaten the Celtics healthy
DodgersLakersUberAlles::1. Their title is legit. Unless they played less games then the rest of the teams did last year? Thought so. 2. Using the officiating excuse makes you look weak. Stop it. 3. That's because you guys are ridiculously old and never fully healthy. Seems like a YOU problem.   Does that cover everything?
CanesJags4life::Real title? 06 was real enough for me? C's assemble a big three via trades and then win in 08. Heat assemble a big 3 via free agency and then make the finals in 11 and win it all in 12 but its not real how? Dont give me the shortened season as you know it was much tougher physically then a normal season. Also didnt we beat a healthy C's team in 2011?
Jdzspace::i'm sorry, what did i say that wasn't true?   the Heat haven't won a legit title they do get a TON of undeserved calls (or no calls i,e, traveling) and they have never beaten Boston healthy  so what exactly about that isn't true?
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Jdz, Every time you post you damage your argument.  I'd focus on learning the game and getting some credibility.   Until then, I'd let other C's fans argue for you. This is just embarrassing. lol
Jdzspace::they are a disgrace because they can't win a legit title, and they are a joke because they can't beat the Celtics healthy.   its funny to watch them act like they are something special, when the truth is they get undeserved calls and are nothing but paper champs. nothing really to respect about what they do. just a group of overrated entitled jerks
CanesJags4life::How are we a disgrace? Because we beat you in the ECF? Because you cant hang? Man so much animosity. Its like the heat and Cs are traditional rivals?
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Arent they over you guys in the standings?  Yeah, I think they are... if they're a joke, they need a better punchline, because right now they just look better than you.
Jdzspace::well the Heat are a massive joke and disgrace that deserve slamming
CanesJags4life::Gotcha. I came on here to talk about the Lakers woes, but so many comments smashing the Heat requires responses.
ESPNstatrat::I think he means that this is a Celtics Lakers board. Doesnt have anything to do with the Heat. Hence the troll comment
celtics fan 100::peace
celtics fan 100::Chris Paul and Blake griffin make a good combo
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Road Dog and PP Owns SERVE a good combo. No onions, please.  Just kidding guys!
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Chris paul + _______ make a good combo.   Remember when David West was an All Star? lol
scottpilgrim30::Lakers still suck
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Thank you,  Master Of The Obvious
Sammy Sosa Has a Pretty Face::Out loud, daddio!
alexj26602::what happens when the unstoppable force meet the immovable object?
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Someone dunks on Dwight Howard. Again.
celtics fan 100::their are 2 things different between the jets and heat the heat won a title and the jets did this http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=Vuvz15OjCVc
ESPNstatrat::Who could forget Broadway Joe? Hes the best alcoholic commentator molester ever lol
charlie42085cha::Jets won a superbowl. Forget about broadway joe?
Sammy Sosa Has a Pretty Face::Yeah, how young are people who post ignorant things here?
PP owns Rondo::Peace guys. I'm getting off of work now.
Road dog Red::Gotta roll.. God bless each and every one of you... (maybe he'll bless Rondo with a freaking Jumpshot) PEACE
Jdzspace::later road dog
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Road dog Red I threw beer on Lebron... and i'm PROUD of it.  heh heh heh  Blood Sweat and Tears for my country ___  Pretty typical of boston fans.   I dont think that they're all this bad, but most are willing to sit back and let guys like this think what they're doing is ok.  Hence, one of the most classless fanbases in sports.
alexj26602::do you actually believe what you just said
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Yup.  Other C's fans have already jumped in to defend it. See above.
Road dog Red::its was a JOKE..GET A LIFE
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Which part. did you throw beer or not?
Jdzspace::if it was against a person, or someone who deserved respect i might say something.   but LeBitch is human refuse, so i don't care if someone whips it out and pees on him while  he's on the bench. it's less than he deserves
Jdzspace::the truth about a man comes out when he is put under duress, and the media more than pushes and prods these guys.   eventually they all show who and what they are to the world.
charlie42085cha::How much time have you spent with any of these people off the court?
Jdzspace::no we wouldn't, Judas was a phony person. he left because he got moved to the bench for a young guy and Doc wasn't using him like he wanted.   the funny thing is that is EXACTLY WHAT Judas said in an interview before the season started. Rondo's ego has nothing to do with Judas' lack of a soul
CanesJags4life::Yea I call homerism on Rondo there. From post game/ post half interviews he never thinks hes done wrong. Ever. Come on stop being a homer. And $@%! if it wasnt for Rondo's overblown ego youd still have Ray Allen. Stop being a homer.
Jdzspace::Rondo is young, and he is not perfect, he doesn't claim to be. But he admits when he's done something stupid and doesn't try to make it everyone elses fault but his own. it's ridiculous to even compare Rondo and LeBitch.   it's ridiculous to compare anyone on the court compared to LeBitch's on AND off the court nonsense
Major Factuh::your posts are very contradicting.
Jdzspace::keeps to himself off the court. sure he talks on the floor, so does everyone else. it's part of the game.   and I do respect LeBitch's skill. but as a person, he's trash who would be lucky to be pumping gas if his mom didnt feed formula laced with HGH and the media decided to make him the next big thing
CanesJags4life::LMAO act like a man? How about Rondo and all his tempertantrums. Are you kidding me? Glad to know that you showed us you really have no clue and are just a hater/homer.
charlie42085cha::KG doesn't trash talk and keeps to himself? He's constantly talking trash. He prides himself on it.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::^^ Thank you for proving our point.   Feel free to put you head back in the sand and just keep on hating.  Good day.
Jdzspace::there are tons of reasons, just some people don't value acting like an adult or like a man as much as others.   I guess if you don't hold people to that standard, then you wouldn't hate the pathetic excuses for people that roam this earth
CanesJags4life::KG is a hell of a player but Bron is trash? At least respect the man's skill come on.
Jdzspace::other than talk trash on the basketball court, what has KG EVER done to anyone?   he keeps to himself, doesnt talk trash. just plays the game hard as he can with severe intensity. does he get out of hand? sure he does, but nowhere near the level that LeBitch does
CanesJags4life::Mhmm. Its laughable how much people hate Lebron and really there is no real reason. Only people that should hate I think are Cavs Fans.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Exactly. They have a true piece of "refuse" right under their noses in KG.  For some reason they're more forgiving of that though...
Jdzspace::he's just a terrible human being, hell of a player. but piece of trash as a person
Major Factuh::You're a Boston fan, correct?  KG?
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Canes, no sense arguing with these guys, they are just straight up full of hate and anger.   I'm not even a Lebron fan at all, but this is just plain juvenile.
Jdzspace::the b.tch is out and out trash, period.   let's not forget losing like a woman and running home to mommy instead of taking responsibility  and saying how he "spoils us with his play"  or how people who hate him "still have to be them in the morning"  he is a disgrace of a person and a sorry excuse for a man
CanesJags4life::Oh no I dont want to carry a bad cleveland team for the rest of my career. That makes you a human refuse. Human refuse's = Pedophiles. How can you justify with a straight face that Bron is a human refuse.
Jdzspace::what hasn't he done? he's been a terrible person his entire life.   let's ignore the whole arrogance of tatooing "chosen one" on your back in high school. we'll ignore that nonsense, but treating people and fans like trash when he came into the league was bad.   talking about his teammates like they were children were worse, acting like a punk when in an interview with Bird and Magic was unforgivable.   then we'll get into how he would get grazed and act like Tyson just hit him with an uppercut.   he travels almost every play, he has no class, no dignity, no respect for the game or how it is played.   turned his back on his home and lied to the fans that where with him from the start.   he actually used his arm to raise another players arm into his face, then flopped like he was punched so the other guy go EJECTED and then SUSPENDED.  .. in the playoffs!
DodgersLakersUberAlles::^^ LOL  This just keeps getting better and better.
Jdzspace::god no, i would never want a piece of trash like him on my team. the Celtics are too good of a franchise for trash like him
Major Factuh::What has he done that makes him human refuse?  That's harsh
CanesJags4life::You mad he didnt sign with your team?
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Case in point. Maybe you wouldn't do it, but you're ok with it.  Then you guys get all indignant about people calling you out as classless.   Classic.
celtics fan 100::the heat fans are  the jets fans of the nba
ESPNstatrat::Again its 17 rings to 2. We have more rings in basketball then your whole state has in all the sports combined. Nuff said?
CanesJags4life::I get that. But in the last 25 years what have you done?
ESPNstatrat::Other then the year with Shaq and last year what have the Heat ever done?
CanesJags4life::So just as good as the Heat. Title 06 Finals 11 Title 12, 4 ECF
UngaBungaBunga::title in 08, finals in 10, 4 ECF appearances?
CanesJags4life::We were pretty good in the late 90s with Mourning and Hardaway. Lets see since bird what have the Cs done?
celtics fan 100::he has a point
CanesJags4life::But the heat won last year and then went to the finals the year before? What have the Jets done lately? $@% fumble?
celtics fan 100::true
celtics fan 100::its true the jets fans sound like we are winning the super bowl heat fans sound like we are winning the nba title
ESPNstatrat::lol
Dribbird.::Ok, I'm out.   Shoveling round 1.   Wish me luck.  Good luck vs the Bobcats tonight.
Road dog Red::awwww...it builds character
_I Am A Celtic_::Enjoy!
celtics fan 100::peace
Road dog Red::Face it JD... The Celtics ARE better w/o Rondo... he's holding the team back... and its NOT our fault that it IS what it IS
Sammy Sosa Has a Pretty Face::You sound really smart.
PP owns Rondo::JD  I'm a C's fan to the core. How can you question my loyalty like this. You're just mad that I don't suck on Rondo's manhood like most C's fans on here. Lol. PP is just my favorite player, just like Larry Legend was my favorite player in the 80'2 and early 90's. I will always be a C's fan. So just calm down with questioning my loyalty to the C's.
Jdzspace::you know that isn't the reason, you know me well enough to know better.
alexj26602::just give it a rest  my fav C is pp too
Road dog Red::don't question his FANHOOD.. that's just low man
Jdzspace::i've questioned his fanhood ever since he changed his name to an anti-rondo one. and i'm far from the only one
_I Am A Celtic_::I bet you don't even know who was coach before Doc
PP owns Rondo::Prove it
_I Am A Celtic_::Took you long enough   John Carroll was the correct answer though
PP owns Rondo::Jim O'Brien
Road dog Red::I threw beer on Lebron... and i'm PROUD of it. heh heh heh Blood Sweat and Tears for my country
alexj26602::when he woke up he was still going bald too
Road dog Red::City, State, Country... i just know what i did made every REAL American proud
CanesJags4life::So you can only be a real american if you are from Boston? Learn some history the Real Americans are from all over the country. No wonder people hate C fans.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Typical Boston loser. lol
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::I once threw a beer on the singer for the Killer Dwarves (don't ask) because they refused to play any of their older songs (which were the best).  Waste of a good beer. The moral: Don't mess with drunken fans!
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Um thats your CITY.  Lebron went home, showered, and was still lebron. You'r proudest moment is just plain sad, son.
_I Am A Celtic_::You mean for your city?
Facts hurt.::http://sports.yahoo.com/blogs/nba-ball-dont-lie/rajon-rondo-partial-acl-tear-could-him-back-164057600--nba.html
_I Am A Celtic_::NSFW  http://thechive.files.wordpress.com/2012/12/z-tumblr_mf7lgasore1qcmkeso1_500.gif
charlie42085cha::i'm at work.
_I Am A Celtic_::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vxiQ9JCKvE
Jdzspace::really Dwayne? really?
_I Am A Celtic_::I thought you were gay JD?  Sorry if this offends you
Jdzspace::nice
_I Am A Celtic_::You might not want to click it, although there's no nudity.
jason88382::Celtic fans are a disgrace!!!after lebron destroyed you in game 6 on his own fans threw beer at lebron and even doc said they were a disgrace to the game and to be banned!!!respect?LMFAO
alexj26602::we'll be sure to crown true champs this year  not chumps
celtics fan 100::im not talking about the fans
Dribbird.::Kind of like the Heat fan who brought a knife to the playoff game and stabbed a Celtics fan?    O sorry.  Beer is worse than stabbings
celtics fan 100::he has a point
alexj26602::the heat are nothing but stains on the trophy
Road dog Red::I hope the Lakers STOMP the BeJesus out of the Cheats
CanesJags4life::Clippers playing Heat tonight not lakers.
celtics fan 100::yes sir baby
Facts hurt.::They will the heat have no one playing tonight
CanesJags4life::We got the Clippers tonight. Lakers on Sunday.
Jdzspace::do the Lakers play them tonight or on sunday?   i thought it was the bobcats tonight
Major Factuh::LBJ is more than capable of taking care of the Lakers all by himself.
Jdzspace::yessir
charlie42085cha::they wont.
_I Am A Celtic_::<b></b>
Road dog Red::HoooRah
jason88382::LOL at celtics fans dissing heat fans about respect!!the celtics brought in KG and ray allen to join pierce so you could contend for rings again!!!! just like the heat bringing in lebron and trex!!!
ESPNstatrat::Hey you guys leave him alone. He doesnt know anything about real teams just the bandwagon teams. Lets him talk trash for no reason. The Heat are lame and everyone knows it. 17-2. Until the Heat get up to 10 titles your not allowed to post anymore lol
CanesJags4life::About titles in the last quarter of a century instead of including all those from the 50s and 60s. Remember Heat were an expansion team. Only been around 25 years.
Facts hurt.::stupid statement
Jdzspace::LMFAO!!! not even going to dignify that with a retort  just easier to call you stupid
Dribbird.::What has Wade ever done without Shaq or LeBron?
CanesJags4life::You can make the same case for any allstar. No one has ever one a title all by there lonesome ever.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::What has anyone in the modern era ever done by themselves?  After Shaq left and kobe was all alone we were 1st round fodder for a few years.
Jdzspace::your mom
alexj26602::lebron overshadow everyone in that team....... there's no point in calling it a team
PP owns Rondo::JD is mad.  Cry all you want but I do love Rondo and I was mad as hell when he torn his ACL b/c I knew we were in trouble. But you can't deny the fact that the C's stats have improved without him and they're playing better without him right now.
Road dog Red::DITTO (w/PP owns Rondo)
Jdzspace::your on an island bro. . ..you are the EXTREME minority.   your just on a lower tier of "fan" as the rest of us.   your more of  a Pierce fan than anything else, but it's cool. your name says it all, we aren't mad at you. just dont try to act like your something your not
Jdzspace::no your not, your a Celtics fan, with a creamy Pierce center
PP owns Rondo::I'm a C's fans to the core. Don't even try it.
Facts hurt.::he didnt tear it, only partial tear, he will be back in 3 months
alexj26602::no 1 cares man give it up already
PP owns Rondo::Calm down.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Should we do another "roll call" of all the C's fans who feel the same way you do?   LOL
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Thought you'd be embarrassed enough after the turnout for your first one.  OK guy, do it again. I could use a laugh. :)
PP owns Rondo::Yes
Dribbird.::"We have won 1 championship in a row. Dynasty!"  - Heat fans
celtics fan 100::your not a dynasty heat fans
CanesJags4life::Lakers are headed to the Lottery. Man I feel bad for Nash.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Except we dont even have a lottery pick.  You're welcome Phoenix. :(
charlie42085cha::Maybe the second round guy will look good for ya.
Road dog Red::and NO.. i don't hate Rondo...I was one of his biggest supporters... but its six years and he still can't SHOOT... C'mon man
celtics fan 100::time for the Celtics and Lakers to teach the heat about respect
jason88382::respect?what u mean like when u traded for kg to make you a championship team again? LMAO
celtics fan 100::at least when we had the big 3 we had a press conference what did you guys do when you had your big 3 oh that's right you threw a big party and lerbron said we said we are not going to win 1 or 2 or 3 or 4 or 5 or 6 or 7 or 8 titles and how did that season work out
Major Factuh::making a trade to make your team better is a bad thing?
patsfanallday42::im sure the heat respect the celtics and lakers...they just talk alot of trash.
argenis fradique::Heat already team of the decade!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Bye chowdaheads!!!!!!
argenis fradique::Really gotta leave but the decade is 2010 to 2019 not anytime before that. Mavs have one Heat will have not 1 not 2 not 3 not 4 not 5 not 6 not 7 by the end.
ESPNstatrat::read below junior. Its embarassing. and how are you the team of the decade? for this decade its been the Lakers, Mavs and Heat. How does one title in a strike year make you the team of the decade. They also said the Braves were the team of the 90's. One title to the Yanks 4 and they were the Yanks b i t c h in the playoffs. Funny
kiyastep::well in the 2000s lakers have most championships of any team
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Typical 14 year old kid, 2 years out from being a Cavs fan.   lol
jrosborough08::it's only two full years in...
Dribbird.::After 1 championship...
patsfanallday42::false
jrosborough08::At this point Lakers fans and players are watching them play interesting games. My Laks will not make the playoffs.  But if the Lakers can win some good games for the rest of the season, they can build on that for next season.  Bottom line: Miami is good this year, maybe even winning another ring; my Lakers need to regroup.
ESPNstatrat::For the bandwagon Heat fans. Its absolutely pointless to talk trash to a Celtics fan. The ring total is 17-2. Its just embarassing. Giants fans dont talk trash to Yankees fans. Chiefs fans dont talk trash to Steelers fans. just facts
CanesJags4life::Agreed you shouldnt talk $@%! to someone with more titles, but considering the Heat havent been around as long as the C's you can do the what have you done for me lately. Cs have won what 1 title since the 80s?
alexj26602::know your place
Road dog Red::Rondo is one of the best mid-range shooters in the league now. so that's false. (statwise and Stats are for liars, cheats and agents.. which one are you)   he has MULTIPLE go to moves to free himself up, most popular being the fake behind the back pass. (PP's drop step is, Kobe's fade is, Lebrons shake and bake is.. what Rondo does is NOT a go to move, but a gimmick he can ONLY use in the middle of the game.. not the end)   He has taken MULTIPLE last shots, and hit a few. hit game winners against MIami and Chicago  (Rondo has NEVER hit a game winner... put the pipe down)
Jdzspace::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Et_16fGkzK8
Jdzspace::lol
PP owns Rondo::Lol. Great job Road Dog.
PP owns Rondo::What other C's fan "hates" or "dislikes" Rondo besides me? Roll call please
Road dog Red::Here HERE
alexj26602::none
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Crickets. lol
PP owns Rondo::Lol
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::I wouldn't bet a cup of spit on the Lakers to beat the Heat. D12 looks way to timid. I think he is working on his exit interview already....
charlie42085cha::What do you get in return? I'd be willing to bet a cup of spit for anything. Longshot or favorite.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::You would probably get a cup of crap in return, because thats how the Lakers have been playing against good teams.
scottpilgrim30::Sunday is one of the rare times I root for the Heat
PP owns Rondo::JD  If you think I'm the only C's fan that hates Rondo (which I don't) you're smoking something. Road Dog Red hates Rondo as well as other C's fans. I just think he's a stat hog, that's all.
patsfanallday42::i dont think losing rondo helped the team per say, im a huge rondo fan....but what it has done fortunately, is give other players like courtney lee, jeff green, and jason terry, opportunities to show what they can do when given more PT.
Jdzspace::you don't have to love him, but to act like he's the worst thing about the team. and that he isn't one of the best players in the league , is just stupid
PP owns Rondo::I never said he's the worst part about the team. Just don't like his attitude all the time and that he can't make a crunch time shot or freethrow most of the time.
Jdzspace::and you and those who think that are beyond ridiculous, and ignoring all of the other things he has done for his team, teammates and franchise, just makes you lesser Celtics fans in my eyes
alexj26602::well said
