SONNYBENZO3O3::Damn Denver only 72 points huh?? Good job Memphis
everyones-sleepin-on-the-clippers::cp3 for mvp del negro coach of the year j.crawfor 6th man of the year most improved deandre  jordan no doubt about that
jeff050578::Vote David Lee an All Star. Its the right thing to do.
madwaxx::Being from Memphis, Grizz are my favorite team, but I think they are the 5th best team in the West.  #1  Clippers, #2 Thunder, #3 Nuggets, #4 Spurs.... keep in mind Nuggets have played 22 road and only 11 home games.    Through 2 months my MVP is Chris Paul, Coach of Year is Del Negro, 6th Man is Jamal Crawford, Most improved is Deandre Jordan, Rookie is Lillard.
SONNYBENZO3O3::Sounds good to me
El_Chupa_Nibre::Del Negro is a meh coach considering his team.
chckn440::if sullinger got minutes he would put up zeebo's numbers
knight_rider_1983::Great crowd and great fun tonight at the grindhouse  You are cheating your self if you live in the Memphis metro area and do not attend the games
Grindhouse2413::I live out in Cordova. I work downtown but I agree with you big time
ron4317::"Gay takes charge down the stretch to lead Griz"  Griz from 30 Rock?
michael107115::Hopefully Pondexter's knee sprain isn't too serious and he doesn't miss much time like last year when he sprained his mcl in his left knee
knight_rider_1983::Rudy Gay is why the Grizzlies are a contender. He is a closer and the L.A Clippers do not have a closer
kblaw1::chris paul is an opener who stays to close.
Grindhouse2413::Oh and hey Nugs, I will be cheering for you guys when you play the LA Floppers on Tuesday. Hope you destroy them.
Grindhouse2413::Pretty crazy to think about...we were 18 and 8 before this game. Out of those 8 losses, two of them were against Denver. Just glad we pulled together and won tonight. Proud of our boys.
nargash::Just shows how valuable Gay is to this team. He couldn't make it vs Sixers and they were down double digits all game long and lost. Today, he scored 19 in a very low scoring game which proves to be huge difference. Also, people don't realize how good a defender Gay is which he is perfect fit for the Grizz system..!!
kblaw1::good defender on everyone not named Rasheed Wallace
Marvo6564::rudy gay is extremely overrated no matter what ya say about him he has no rings
thf24::Rings are overrated, at least in terms of individuals. One player, no matter how good he is, can't win a ring by himself.
nargash::Nash,Howard,Melo,...No Rings. Overrated..!!
Grindhouse2413::Man just go home after hanging out at Silky's after the game. Dude, the atmosphere was INTENSE at the Forum tonight. Like a play off game. The bench played great, I almost didnt want to see the starters come in there in the fourth. HH huge slam and that clutch three by Ellington were huge! Hope Q is ok. Glad Rudy was making his shots and thats great and all but it looks like he has tunnel vision sometimes and wont pass it up but hey they were falling and looking pretty so hard to complain too hard. Oh and good game Nugs. 19 - 8 !!!!!
wristedhip::I see by the box score that Ty Lawson decided not to play tonight, and Gallo  goes 14-23 last night to 2-8 tonight. There's a consistent leader.
69durango::jt......i'm outta here........catch ya on the rebound.
rede482::later dude
69durango::The game is simple.  The Grizz took 21 more shots than the Nugs....the Nugs had 8 more turnovers and 8 less rebounds.   Nugs took 18 FTs and the Grizz only 7 so it wasn't the refs. Yes the Nugs were on the back end of a back to back on the road......every team has those. Nugs need to be more consistent especially Gallo and Ty.
born0516::LOL! another priceless comment. go to bed jay
jayeteee::I guess I officially have a new member of my fan club.
jayeteee::I agree the Nuggets didn't look good, but the ticky tack fouls they were calling on Faried and Manimal were not being called on the other side. Regardless of the FT shot differential.
jayeteee::LOL. I meant Koufos and Manimal. LOL. Been a rough week. Thanks for pointing it out before another source did. :-P
69durango::i know you know Faried and Manimal are one and the same.
ShillJackson::'wait........he's <i>gay</i>?'         --Javale McGee
born0516::whose your haddadi!!!!!!!!???
Will Conroy.::Hamed let out all his bench frustration!!!
utclindsay::The heat gettin' a whooping by the Bucs. LOL
utclindsay::When do the flippers come to Memphis? That would be sweet if the Grizz snapped their winning streak. I think it is soon..
utclindsay::and..hmm...I also believe 3 out 4 times the Grizz won, it was by double figures...I think the Grizz can handle the Clippers...
Gimme the damn ball::The grizzlies can't handle the Clippers.
Gimme the damn ball::Yea but they couldn't do it when it mattered the most and they lost this season already.
utclindsay::hmmm....the Grizz did that 4 times last season.....
pedrobear1::14th
utclindsay::yup...i bet the grizz will be ready for that game..
1grizzfan4life::LOL @ the Heat! Hahaha
MemphisTn7414::Great win Memphis! Good game Denver.
roy2daboy::Man my eyes are tired.  If any of you invest in a 3D tv, make sure to take frequent breaks while watching a movie on it.
ShillJackson::3D TV = Suitcase cell phone
roy2daboy::Best movie to watch in 3D is Avatar.    I-Robot is also good in 3D along with the Avengers.
Will Conroy.::I got one for Christmas! I feel you.
leonidk1990::BTW, we weren't going to sweep the grizzlies. We'll win the series 3-1, and that's just fine. We had a shot to at the sweep, too tired, too stupid by karl
roy2daboy::Don't speak too soon kiddo.
leonidk1990::I guarantee it
roy2daboy::Things can change.
jayeteee::The Nuggets own the Griz in Denver.
jayeteee::Consistency is what this team lacks, and until guys(Gallo) bring it every night, they'll hover around the .500 mark. But I will admit, the home cooking was extra special for the Griz tonight.
roy2daboy::Homecooking????  Whatever kiddo.
Young_Guruu::I don't know if a player has ever put up 39 the night before and played absolutely atrocious the next game. Ugh.
born0516::by the way, tony didn't gaurd him the first two games. Like tony said, "it was just tme to shut his water off"
born0516::uhhhh. his name is tony allen. thats what the f&amp;*k happened. dude is the best defender in the game
jayeteee::They're just not focused, the little things are not brought to their attention. GK is a terrible coach. Talk about someone a little too relaxed in the wrong position.
utclindsay::The grizz may need to make some  trades to make a run in the playoffs..
pedrobear1::Hopefully hollins can build off that 4th quarter
RoidRage1986::no nugs were just tired
leonidk1990::George Karl: I love going small at the end of the 4th quarter against a team that likes to pound it in the post.
CHIPS and SALSA83::our perimeter D is the problem
Young_Guruu::They didn't go to the post a single time during that run. Just saying :P
leonidk1990::rewatch the game. ty lawson penetrates, collapses defense and allows denver to go into the post. Andre miller chills out on the perimeter where he can't shoot. Ends up picking up his dribble looking to pass and ends up making turnovers, or when he does penetrate he ends up going into iso mode ending in a missed shot. Anyway, GK deciding to go small after kosta went out ruined the game for us. We had no shot blocking or size in the post and grizz got 4 straight layups
Young_Guruu::lol what does that have to do with anything.
leonidk1990::ty lawson wasn't in the game...just saying
utclindsay::What happened with Q Pon? How long will he be out?
utclindsay::glad it wasn't more serious..
pedrobear1::not sure how long but Mcl
Young_Guruu::sprained MCL. prolly a couple weeks.
Everyday im Shufflin 290::Hamed posterize the Manimal
born0516::I was at the game you talent. Go watch a denver game and find out who your players are then come back...... tool bag..... i mean you thought faried nand manimal were different players.
jayeteee::You need only to thank the refs for that.
jayeteee::NVM.
born0516::man, you are some kinda stupid with your posts. Memphis shot 5 f'n free throws the whole game.  check the stats
Benjamayne::rudy gay was too good in the 4th
rc021363::Nugget fans, good game, and good luck with the season.    See you next time.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!
CHIPS and SALSA83::Unleash Fournier!
CHIPS and SALSA83::hopefully(that he gets some minutes not that ty is out) I think he can be something special
CHIPS and SALSA83::yeah, I've heard good things, in the time he has played he's looked good
Young_Guruu::He can be, and he will be. He's 19 and he's one of the calmest players I've seen at such an age. I guess that comes from playing professionally since his teens.
Young_Guruu::If Ty is out. You can bet he'll be playing a bit more.
emthomasjr::Thank you Grizzlies.  We needed this one bad.
El_Chupa_Nibre::FREE HAMED
Everyday im Shufflin 290::GG Nuggets fan
rporter1974::We need Rudy to become the go to guy. He has got to show up bigger more often with a max contract.
rporter1974::Like he did late tonight-he has the ability-just needs the consistent motor.
NickBenCor::Message to NBA: If you want more exciting games, learn how to schedule
roy2daboy::GRIT N MOTHERFU..CKING GRIND GRIZZ!!!!!!!!!!
rahu0408::23 of 32 on road and still the record 17-15... I'd say we are doing good.... Got to capitalize on home stretch thats coming up
rahu0408::I know Ty injury is scary :( ...hope we get over it and Ty gets back soon
Young_Guruu::Man if Ty is down for a significant amount of time we're in serious trouble. We don't even have a 3rd PG right now.
CHIPS and SALSA83::not bad now we just gotta clean up at home
vanpelt4prez::hopefully Ty is ok
sasha_lu::GG Nuggs.
Quincy Miller::gg grizz fans.
motifman79::DAGGER!!!
rc021363::Good game, Nuggets!!
storkmuncher000::Oh, c'mon. Don't give us this crap about no excuses. My Dad is snoring really loud, I'm the one who should have something to say.
roy2daboy::It's HIS house, not YOURS.  NO EXCUSES!!!!!!!
Everyday im Shufflin 290::Wayne
Young_Guruu::Well good game Grizz fans. Y'all are a chill fan base! Hope to see ya in the playoffs :) <b><a> Peace!</a></b>
roy2daboy::DAGGER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
