Jay Bac::I'm going! And I'll do everything in my power to make Jason Kidd dump his drink on me.
Ben Black::The grizz should've never fired Lionel Hollins
Seal Rchin::What is shocking he is STILL unemployed.
Ben Black::I just don't get how you fire a coach that  just lead a team somewhere they're never been before.
Bronya Vogel::That team didn't get there because of him. They got there because of injuries to the better teams. If those team would have been completely healthy the grizzly would have not got that far anyone out side of the grizzly fans sees that. Don't get me wrong Hollins is way better then what they replaced him with, looks karma is giving the grizzly what they deserve for shoving Hollins out like that and this sorry season they are having is just what they deserve.
Chase Ennis::We've won 5 in a row on the road, now it's time to start winning in the Grindhouse guys! Go Grizzlies!
Steve Broome::When Jason Kidd gets betrayed by his point guard the same way he did Byron Scott it will be the most Shakespearian NBA storyline ever.
Chelo Mejias::Garnett is going to retire after this year, there is no way he let's his career numbers suffer any more than this year
Seal Rchin::He still has one more year giving him 12M. No way will he pass that, because that will be his LAST year to make that money.
Chelo Mejias::Seal Rchin   Not only that, dirk passed him on the all time scoring list..he may want to pad it up a bit....but it's not looking good
Taylor Manes::Good job nets keep tanking...just like the bulls Celtics jazz pheniox cc Cleveland detroit etc
Mike Vogel::The Nets didn't beat Memphis tonight, they beat a scrub team. With Randolph and Gasol, the Grizz would have romped. Pierce and Garnett are collecting fat pensions from the Nets while ruining the team. Lionel Hollins rots while Kidd is clueless. Something is wrong in Brooklyn!
Sean Patrick Coon::lots of headlines with zero knowledge, big guy. no dwill, no ak47, no pierce—both teams were hampered with injuries and the griz got run off the court.
Bronya Vogel::Sean he is a grizzly fan what else do you expect. They have no clue in reality. Never have never will.
GianFranco DeZola::Hard to believe that the Grizz are struggling against the lousy Nets at HOME. Come one guys....The Grizz can do better than this...  No excuse to be losing at home against the Nets....  Not even with Gasol out...specially at home....  PATHETIC
Ben Black::The Grizz are missing Lionel Hollins
Mike Murphy::This is pathetic offense by Brooklyn. Let's just have Joe Johnson get it at the top of the key, try a couple screens, and jack up a long-range jumper. THIS TEAM HAS NO OFFENSIVE GAMEPLAN.
Wade Russ::All these injuries early in the season are going to be a positive when everyone gets healthy.    People off the bench will benefit from the extra PT, and the starters will be well rested.
Joe Brooks::Those are excuses. The fact is the nucleus of the team is over the hill and the coach is unable to run the team.
Floyd Hicks::Actually glad the Nets won tonight, they look better than the Knicks and just as boring to watch. Does everybody on that team play in slow mo.
Kermit Kiya Hart::Blantche & Plumlee took over the game for a 10-0 run, and 14 point  Nets lead .... the Nets still need to trade for a ledgit PG
Landon Pike::Stick wit a 2 big man offense grizz , hit them in the body, in the paint ,hit them where it hurts!!!!
Anderson Chua::No way.... you dont spill coke when you have momentum and leading
Ted Sapperstein::are the memphis fans tired of hollinger yet???
John Martin::A win for the Nets! On the road!! There is hope!!!    Nah.
Joe Brooks::Ok Kidd, time to grab a Coke and fold in the fourth.
Tom Houser::Maybe no need to spill a drink tonight!
Robert Velovic::no Teletovic? rlly?
Cotis Woodard::Thank you Chase Ennis
Mike Rose::Lakers 8th seed now.
Anthony Wing::thumbs down
Lindsay Frischenmeyer::Where is ZBO?
John Osaki Jr.::With the NBA season still young with team able to recover from poor starts, the Nets finally got another win. Check out Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
