dezdaking23::If Wade would have missed his shot the game would have went into double OT. If Lebron would have missed his shot the game would have been over.
MAXIMUMTROLL::Indiana sucks. Do they really think they are even remotely close to the Heat? Lets get real, Indiana will never be contenders.
yorkdoggto::wow dwight demanded orlando trade for nash, and apparently ther close to a deal.... rest of the league better watch out http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
LebronKing1984::Who is more clutch ? Wade or Lebron
trevorcheech114::lebron is because he made that 3.  if he missed the game would of been over and all the hater would say lebrick again.
JamalMAllen::Thankfully, they play for the same team.
nba is the worst::Mavs agree
redbob4444::people would say wade but stats say lbj
dslick34::1) Lebron made his shot with 10 seconds left in the game. Wade made his with .01 seconds left. Wade &gt; Lebron    2) When Heat need a final shot, why does Lebron give the ball up to Wade and run straight to the corner and doesn't move?
redbob4444::lebron shot was for the tie more pressure wades was for the win miss and they would still be playing less pressure
lolabunny_33162::- Im confused as to why the amount left on the clock is a factor. They BOTH made key baskets that helped Miami take the win.
JamalMAllen::How about giving both credit for rallying the team and making clutch plays to help win the game instead of taking away from one just to glorify the other? Both were terrific and came up big.
pgp.carter::D.waDe is icE cold
timh651::Ricky Rubio Tears ACL - How Will They Move On? - http://www.WolveSwag.com
Cb1knobi::How can ESPN continue to say that Miami is the team to beat when they barely beat the teams Chicago destroys (without all their starters) and Chicago has the best record in the East?
lolabunny_33162::ESPN is not discounting the Bulls. But the Miami Heat is playing at their best and the chemistry of the team is a factor that cant be ignored. They are playing good basketball and if they continue at this rate, they cant be stopped. They want it too bad. At this moment in time, the Bulls have the best record but Miami and Chicago go back in forth with that title within every couple games so that really doesnt prove anything when comparing the two teams. As for the part about Miami barely winning games, well thats ridiculous. Basketball is basketball. All teams struggle. The best of the best arent going to have blow out games everytime, to expect that is not realistic. Miami and the Bulls are two different teams. They play their own games. Just because Miami 'barely' beat a team that the Bulls blew out doesnt mean anything. i mean Miami has blown out teams that the Bulls 'barely' beat as well. this is basketball dude and anyone who knows this sport knows that a win is a win. doesnt matter if it was a big win or not.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Any team can win on one given night its a series that will really determine who's greater.
tfec2233::I'm a bulls fan and this is a stupid post
southridge305::thats like saying heat beat pacers 3 times, 2 of them blow outs, 1 with out wade and well bulls lost at home against pacers, or heat has better record against teams over 500 than bulls do, and also we blew out spurs and u barely beat spurs.... your point is fail
Dancing_Chalupa::5 in a row and counting..............................
redbob4444::mia beat chicago dude ur dumb did u watch last years ecf ?
pgp.carter::I don't know but I'll buy it
pgp.carter::D.waDe clutch pass for win D.waDe clutch shot for win D.waDe just clutch hate on it.
pgp.carter::I'm talkin bout alleyoop to haslem game before
redbob4444::heat are my team but um was wades pass/turnover to a wide open lbj clutch ?
tbest23::D Wade's team. Please remember that lebron!!
pgp.carter::D.waDe finals mVp
redbob4444::wade can have the team lebron will just have the mvp dpoy final mvp scoring title best PER in nba history i think he is fine with that
mrhandy25::Welcome to Fantasy Island!
Dancing_Chalupa::DWade and Lebron should read these dumb posts. They could get a good laugh out of these stupid Bulls trolls that wander in 24/7
_misterfurious::Pretty sure he doesn't read these message boards.
KevinR_23::I want a Pistons - Heat Rivalry like in 04 through 06 those were the days!!
YungRadio6::Thank god thats what i have to look forward to!!!
Dancing_Chalupa::By the time the Pistons are good again, we will be hanging out with 10 ft tall blue monkeys and flying around on dragons.
JamalMAllen::wow i can't wait
pistonfanstill::And one more thing Heat Groupies (because I doubt most of u were fans before James got there) The NBA aint the NFL.  The threat of no NFL season had the potential of government intervention while people were actually moving on without a NBA season.  In such a case the NBA is really in danger of pricing itself out of existence and the public showed they could live without it.  Thats why all sides came to a realization they had virtually no public leverage.  The OKC Thunder with the attitude of Durant is more valuable to the health of the NBA then the prima-donna model.  James proved he had virtually no cross-over appeal outside of b-ball approaching Jordan's but he and so many others, role players even are making almost as much.  This is not a slam against the Heat per se, enjoy whatever success they have.  Only attempt to step out of yourself to see the big picture.  The NBA is the only business which use to require a college degree but now you are relying on High School graduates to make key decisions?  Think about that? In what mind would a Dwight Howard believe he should be the go to man?  Now consider that may have been one of the reasons James came to Miami because he recognized he lacked what Wade has.  but either way, the fresh air is Pacers and Sixers.  We got a glimpse of how the US public was ready to move on without the NBA as well as how the Knicks won with Lin when neither Amare, Baron or Melo was playing.  Chicago is a even a better team but its still star driven.  So if the Heat repeat it only means the East does not have any teams and the prima-donna outpricing and whining will continue to turn most people off.  The NBA found that out.  The NFL came close to Congressional and Presidential intervention pending a no season but nobody expressed such alarm over no NBA.
BigEazy_BigDance::You people have to understand something. The NFL is big in the US and that is it. The NBA is global, popular world wide behind soccer. People around the world wake up at 4 AM in Australia, China, Europe Africa to watch the NBA....but nobody does such thing for the NFL outside the US and outside ex-pats. So people need to realize that the NBA realized how much the global compact would affect the overall brand of the league had their not been a season.
Cb1knobi::I couldn't have said it better. The NBA season could have been cancelled and it would not have nearly as big an impact as if the NFL season would have been cancelled. The NBA is pricing themselves out of existence and the NFL has more viewers than the NBA could ever have hoped for.
Lindin1100::this guy has been thinking suicide ever since 06 when pistons lost to the Heat... In eastern conference finals
gus11084::The NBA is full of players who make way too much money for riding the bench and averaging 2 minutes a game. Hence, it's difficult to want to back them over any money disputes they have with owners. In what business in the world can employees go up their owners/bosses and demand 50% of their profits?
Dancing_Chalupa::NBA is huge world wide. Anyone that even bothers to read this dopes entire post is dumb, or clearly bored that tv sucks today.
bossman1005::but yet and still you are watching nba basketball and commenting on it, so what does that tell you? If you really wanted to just watch ncaa bball you still would and you would not be here
gus11084::So when they reported that 23 of 30 teams lost money in 2009-2010, or when they reported a lost of $340 million in the 2009-10 season... it's ok because LA and Boston and raking in the cash?
bpardo95::Yes, and 5-6 football teams lost money last year.. and about 10 baseball teams.. its why they all do revenue sharing.
gus11084::Correct me if I'm wrong, and please direct me to where I can find such information, but haven't a majority of NBA teams been declaring losses as recently as last season? Namely, the Milwaukee Bucks, or the Washington Wizards. And yes I compared the NBA to the NFL because those were the two sports that went into a lockout. If it had been the NBA and the NHL or MLB then I would have compared those. Last I checked, though, those two leagues had no problem agreeing to their respective CBAs last year.
bpardo95::Yes, you are comparing NBA to football.. now the most popular sport in America.  No sport being cancelled would have the same impact as football being cancelled now a days.
gus11084::The NBA is not what's huge and world wide. The sport of basketball as a whole is what's huge and world wide. I don't agree with everything the guy said but I do agree that the NBA season could have been cancelled and it really wouldn't have mattered. At least not the extent that a cancelled NFL season would have had. I love the NBA but it's a terrible product in general and everything is so overpriced for what it is. I personally was not missing the NBA and I would have been just fine watching college basketball and then jumped into baseball.
bpardo95::As the NBA has has the highest number of viewers and made the most money they have ever made the past couple seasons.  Your economic dissertations, as interesting as they are, are clearly out dated.
HighPheye::but your logic is flawed...
Dancing_Chalupa::You are about just as wrong as you are dumb. I guess that means you really are quite wrong.
HighPheye::I think most us real Heat fans just stay away from these boards... this place is cancer.
DJnamaste77::To all bandwagon Heat fans. Stop saying the Heat are a lock for the title. Struggling against teams like the Jazz, Pacers, Bucks, and a Bulls team that is missing half their starters is proof that you are jumping the gun. With that much "talent" on the Heat you should have no problem putting teams away. I cannot wait till the Heat get upset in the playoffs, because all the heat trolls will go extinct on these boards till next season.
southridge305::the point is bulls still has to get through heat and heat has to get through mavs...im not worried about okc beating heat in 7 games
mrhandy25::And I bet that you weren't worried about the Mavs kicking that a.s.s. in 6 either, huh?
bossman1005::yeah, they look slow and out of touch in Mavs land
JamalMAllen::heat have to get through mavs? sure, on the slight chance they meet in the finals again. dallas is 8th in the west right now, i think they should just be focused on even making the playoffs at this point.
mrhandy25::And the Heat lost to the Bucks twice, so what's your point???
Dancing_Chalupa::Fraud team. Fake MVP. Better hope Orlando isn't on your playoff schedule.
tbest23::Fraud team? Please remove homer glasses before typing. It's the Bulls and the Heat in the East.
JamalMAllen::obviously he was being sarcastic, idiot.
Dancing_Chalupa::Bulls lost to the Nets, at home. That alone should have that fraud team banished from post season play for 10 years.
Captain John Stamos::There are about 3-4 other players that i would rather have take the last second shot than LeBron but that doesn't mean he's not the best player in the league. Look at Shaq in 2000, he was the best and kobe was the closer.
xeld420x::big shot Rob Horry was the closer
KiD_Clutch_in_OKC::I notice alot of fans for the Heat that repeatedly saying "they hate on the Heat because any team would die to have LBJ or D-weak."  Well that may be true with 28 other teams.  All i know is OKC doesnt have either of those players and a better record.  Not to mention, will likely beat the Heat for a ring this season.  I would much rather have Ibaka, Harden, KD, and Russ and the rest of OKC lineup than Miami's team.  Mostly because OKC drafted and built this team from scratch while Miami cherry-picked and purchased their team.  #OKCin2012
gus11084::The reason OKC built up through the draft is because THEY HAD TO. Who wants to go play in OKC after what that owner did to the Sonics? If players wanted to play in OKC, the Thunder would have HAPPILY signed everyone and their mother, including Lebron James or Chris Bosh. Shut up.
KevinR_23::These "OKC " fans ALWAYS bring up building through the Draft and bash on the heat for using free agency im pretty sure the Knicks did that and even Chicago did that for Dennis rodman.  They act like free agency is bad but last I checked they stole Seattle's team!! Poor Seattle!!
Dancing_Chalupa::And btw you fool, every team purchases their team. rather signing their own free agents, other "free agents", and thru trades. Are you going to tell me nobody on your team has done any of the three? Like every single team does?
KevinR_23::I'm pretty sure we drafted Dwade and if Chicago never got lucky with that 1st round pick could've had Drose at least we don't steal Seattle's team. I'm pretty sure any OKC fan would love to Dwade on their team right now
bpardo95::You are so cute.  OKC-Miami would be one of the best 5 games series Miami has ever won.  OKC is a Miami .75.  Don't rebound as well, don't run transition as well, don't play in the half court as well, don't play defense as well, and aren't as consistent with their three best players.  You can keep your "talented roster" and watch as they lose again in the quagmire that is the Western Conference.
Dancing_Chalupa::Not too many people will be agreeing with that silliness.
pistonfanstill::Aint nobody hating on the Heat.  Its just that the Pacers and Sixers represent a more important trend.  I usually take the players side but this Prima-Donna setup threatens the league in the sense that enormous salaries to superstars hinders quality team play.  None of these players commanding this attention and salary demands are worth what Jordan was when he got that unprecedented 31 mill.  That was a special case beyond just his actual play but his true crossover qualities as a global ambassador of the NBA game.  The Heat are still not a real team but their success suggests an inferior Eastern Conference.  This is not just about James or a Howard its about players like a Jason Maxiel getting almost 10 million for being a bench role player.  This is also why people like Durant more than James in the sense of his understanding that to pay him too much would prevent other teammates from getting good pay.  There's more but what Howard is doing now is the joke of whats happened that these High School graduates who have consistently choked when IT COUNTED are commanding what amounts to extortion for skills they dont have except highlight dunks.  See, these High Schoolers and their Groupies forget that Jordan was fundamentally sound and studied under one of the best b-ball minds in Dean Smith for 3 years.  All they learnt was the Highlight stuff.  The Heat are not a team by any sense but then the addition of Shane Battier pushed them in the right direction though I doubt most of the Heat Groupies understand how.  The hope of the league is for the success of the Pacers and Sixers no-star Team ball system.  Thats how Dallas won though Dirk is a star Carlisle helped develope the Team Ensemble approach at Detroit and Indy.  Thats what OKC is bringing though they have stars.  Thats what Pop has though he had Duncan.  The Heat is a collection of stars who went to the Finals because of the inferior team quality in the East last year.  Now we have to look at these prima donna posturings by Dwight Howard, players who can only fill up a Regular season stat sheet.  In case u have not noticed there are NBA teams struggling financially and that why the Pacers and Sixers are the better story then the Heat.
Dancing_Chalupa::MIami represents a team that is not of greed, but very unselfish. To take less money than you can easily get,... for the good of the team, is a rare feat not shared league wide by the greedy stars and star wannabees.
bpardo95::Except.. all three took less then what they could have taken.. and have built a very good team around them.. and are right at the salary cap and aren't even the highest paid team in the Nba.... oh yeah.. and they are better then the Pacers and Sixers.  To top that off... Lebron would have been worse off going to college.. they don't teach fundamentals there anymore.
KiD_Clutch_in_OKC::got my vote Pistonsfanstill.
wadeisthegreatest03::So many fake a$$ heat fans around here it's pathetic.  Give lebron credit for hitting those threes even though last one was a brick. Give wade credit for his assists in last couple minutes and his game winner even though he had a stupid to late in game.  You fake fans in here saying lebron won this game if it wasn't for him we wouldn't of had a chance arguing and arguing.  You pathetic fans can care less about anything other then lebrons stats I'm talking about the fake fans.  It doesn't  matter who closes are hits a game winner fact is without both wade and lebron lastnight the heat lose.  Be happy like they are when one of them makes a big play most of you fools are pretenders.
kiranbv24::you are right. there are a handful of stupid fans here redbob,smartnba,jig etc who should not be allowed in front of a computer. total lebron homers. waste of space on this planet
heyman110::lebron scored 14 of his points in the 4th quarter and overtime, including the last 8 points for the heat to send the game to overtime which included a 3 pointer in the last 10 seconds. And the heat won, which is the most important thing to the team and its fans, and lebron. haters gonna hate
dominicanhombre::What is your point heyman110 and why did you like your own comment?  I'm wondering if some are Heat fans or just Lebron fans.  I've liked the Heat since Glenn Rice, Sherman Douglas, and Ronny Seikaly.... I remember when Riley took over and brought in Tim Hardaway and drafted "Zo."  I was 13 when this was taking place and I like the Heat, always have, always will.  I like Lebron because he's on the squad, not the squad because Lebron is there.  It seems this may be lost on you.  I'm guessing a couple of years ago you were a cavalier fan.
JamalMAllen::So you take one fan's comment on an ESPN conversation board and use it to describe an entire fanbase?
BlazersWar::Riley didn't draft Zo ... Heat fans are laughable
pistonfanstill::Yeah but the NBA has troubled teams trying to pay stat hounds Jordanesque salaries so the progress of the Pacers and Sixers are more special because they are teams without any prima-donnas.  They bode well for the competitiveness of the Eastern Conference though they endanger the Groupie industry. That the Heat made it to the Finals with 3 stars and nothing else may have been a statement of how good Wade, Bosh and James are it also was an indictment of how little quality there is in the NBA which is a team sport.  There is not a single player worth what Jordan was payed except Kobe comes closest so its more important that the Pacers and Sixers win then the Heat so there can be a leveling out of some ridiculous salaries throughout the league.
Alberto1748::lebron is &gt; jordan deal with it. http://herdmycattle.com/lebron-james-is-better-than-michael-jordan/
mrhandy25::They should ban you for being an idiot, better than MJ, right!
pistonfanstill::And in case u want to equate Kobe with Jordan remember, Jordan never lost a Finals and neither did Duncan.  I say their names because they were the prime reasons for winning not role players sitting on championship teams like John Salley.  James is not even on Wade's level yet.  In fact a case can be made that he does not match AI who at 4'5" and 104lbs almost single handedly led a Sixers team to a Finals.  James did at Cleveland but the All Star Show of Miami does not match AI's when u consider their physical dimensions.  James is very good in regular season and preliminary playoff series but he's no Kobe who in turn is no Jordan.  We are still waiting for not 1 but 2 or 3 championships from James and then we shall find his legacy.
bossman1005::so true, Jordan was a volume scorer in the early part of his career and shot himself out of the playoffs year after year
tfec2233::you're 15, and that's the problem.  Also, Kobe himself said Jordan is in another class.
pmatti86::Kobe is a great player, but not as good as MJ.  One MVP vs Five MVP's.  Five championships &amp; two Finals MVP's vs Six championships and six finals MVPs.  No one is as good a Jordan and likely no one ever will be.
12hoopa24::Kobe is just as good as Jordan.....if not better, cuz he always had a jumper. Jordan didnt develop a jumper til later in his career. Most of the people who think Jordan was the best player ever. Really was 2 young 2 see em play. Just living off his legend.
pistonfanstill::There is not a single player playing today who is better than Jordan and that includes Duncan and Kobe to whom Lebron does not come close.  Yes, he does great stats but so did Dominique Wilkins.  Come back with this when James is the primary reason for about 2 or 3 Championships. Then we can say how that 3 is greater than Jordan's 6 because of the nature of Free Agency or some other cope-out.
Carl8221::Thats goin a bit tooo far man
Alberto1748::agreed.
tfec2233::Right, you agree with yourself and that's pretty much all you need to know here.
tfec2233::Hey Coach Spoelstra-- Wade wasn;t open on that last shot, so that's not the point.  The ball should be in Wade's hands every single time if they want to win a championship.  Lebron has lowered his game to merely a role player waiting for the ball in the corner.
pistonfanstill::The Pacers and Sixers are the cliched 'Breath of Fresh Air' against all these Groupie driven teams with a prima-donna lineup.
pistonfanstill::The bigger story is where did the Pacers come from with no Stars to be able to have this record, position themselves for a natural rivalry with the Bulls and have u James Groupies talking as if ur closers were closing out the 7th game of a playoff series.
ALightsOutBeast::A role player with the highest per..... ever. EVER. That's quite a role player.
tfec2233::PER, Lebron's favorite stat.
Carl8221::Haters only see what they want to see! like a visual disease
tfec2233::And what i've seen is  a huge waste of talent from a player that could have had a chance to be the best.  But instead, he wanted to get the help in the form of a NBA Finals MVP in Wade.  I will say this for Lebron, he does care about winning and I guess that is important.  And at least he dropped #23 in favor for #6.  It show's maturity.
Carl8221::both lebron and wade can close, and yes you are a hater ^
hapatino::SO I guess you didn't see LeBron score 8 points in the last minute of regulation, plus a key 3 pointer with about a minute and a half of OT, plus he did take the "last" shot, which he missed. Fortunately for Miami they secured the offensive rebound and Wade hit the game winner. When you got Wade, a top 5 player in the NBA, I have no issues with him shooting at ANY time.
Carl8221::Hater ^
bossman1005::Boston didn't follow this model and they have the most by one team. all of their teams were stacked with talent and the had multiple people take the shot. Bird, Mchale, etc...
tfec2233::The Lakers and the Bulls have a combined 20+ championships with the model, including the Bulls who have never lost in the Finals with this exact model.  I'd say follow it.
Lindin1100::and if the ball was in one guys hands every single game, the Heat would be as predictable as the Lakers and the Bulls in the closing moments of a game. The Heat have trust in their teammates which means multiple options. You see when you play to win the game and not please the media, you make the right decisions and find a way to win with the players you trust to have on the floor. Team Ball always WINS!
Lindin1100::lebron controlled the ball the last minute of 4th and overtime. He took a three that wouldve been the last shot if it went in. He got the rebound and gave it to Wade as if to say its your turn. i closed out the 4th now its your turn to make up for that turnover and close O.T. So basically the Heat have 2 closers. i dont understand who came up with the logic that you should only have 1. We got 2. And its sooooo lovely.
tfec2233::No, not a hater.  This is just reality at this point.  Wade is the guy and roles are needed
Carl8221::People usually hate on those who do well , thats how you know when your doing something right!
mrhandy25::With how many rings??? Thanks for playing!
mrhandy25::People normally hate WINNERS (Key word winners aka Champions!)
JamalMAllen::LeBron's career winning percentage is pretty damn high. And people hate LeBron, so based on your comment, he's a WINNER!
Carl8221::Clearly displayed by the level of hate
hapatino::It's called jealousy. Every team in the NBA and it's fans would die to have LeBron and Wade on their teams.
DameThePhoenix::dwight howard should just go to miami, F^ck it just bring all the best players who cant win to one team. Makes sense right?
Lindin1100::why do my fellow Heat fans argue about whos the best player on the team? Dont fall for the hater's trickery of divide and conquer. Winning is all that matters.
pistonfanstill::When did u become Heat fans?  Was this an every year thing?  Or after the Decision?
grammaton1::agreed. as long as the team wins, I'm happy
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Derrick Rose shutdown in the ECF's. -Lebrons fault
DJnamaste77::pretty sure it was a team effort. why do you blow lebron so much? what does he do for you?
bers0003::Heat with Lebron and without Wade at least in ECF every year. Heat with Wade and without Lebron- first round exit at best...but when you are liked by media (DFish, Kidd) you get a free pass for everything. Even this last shot was an attempt to draw a foul (what he always does) and luckily he made it..
kiranbv24::bers's family without him -happy  bers's family with -suicidal  world without bers -  great place world with bers - cess pool  get a  clue bers stop existing
gus11084::Two things about this asinine comment. One: You do realize that the Heat won an NBA title with Wade without Lebron, right? And before you say the name Shaq, remember that Wade pretty much single-handedly beat the Mavericks that year on the way to winning the Finals MVP. And two: If you're insinuating that Lebron would do better with the Heat's current players than Wade, that's stupid to even suggest. The reason the Heat even have some of those players is BECAUSE of Wade or Lebron or Bosh. They can't afford much else. So if it were only one guy left, Wade or Lebron, the Heat would have more opportunities to sign other role players with the extra cash.   I'm a big Heat fan. I've been following them for a long time, so I'm not Big 3 bandwagon fan. With no disrespect to Lebron, this is Wade's team and they both know it. The media can do whatever the hell they want.
fairandbalanced00::The problem with the HEAT haters is that MIAMI has not one but TWO CLOSERS that can decide the outcome at every game, unlike teams like the bulls who rely only on drose when it comes down to in crunch time. chicago fans FAIL TO REMEMBER that it was LEBRON AND WADE who ended your season in the last 2minutes of game 5 in the ECF last year both taking over and shooting threes and blocking shots while your media mvp couldn't do anything but get his shot block by LEBRON OR WADE throughout that playoffs series. bulls do not have that luxury of players.  MIAMI HAS TO CLOSERS, LEBRON AND WADE and if given the opportunity, BOSH. That is why everyone hates on Miami.
pistonfanstill::No doubt the Heat's success last year was a sign of a weak EC.  There were no teams in the EC because the Heat certainly could not qualify as one but then they made the Finals and lost to a real team.  This year the Heat are indeed better, by that I mean they actually have some players other than Bosh, James and Wade.  Last year was an embarrassment to the quality of the NBA's EC but I can understand how real Miami fans would take it and not give it back.  Actually the story is evolving that the Pacers and Sixers progress as contenders are the proper antidote for the superstar primadonna driven mentalities of the Heat, Knicks and speculations over where Dwight Howard's High Schooling skills will end up. Enjoy the run but Miami will lose to whatever Team emerges from the West that is if they make it to the ECF again this year.
HighPheye::and you forget they are better because they have played a full season with each other and are more on the same page. Funny how people forget that small part.  Last year everyone said the Heat would get knocked out the first round and they made it to the finals.
Carl8221::Espn tries to make miami the team america love to hate! and its working on the fools
Zeeklite::No... LeBronny kinda did it back in 09.  Thanx for playing.
Hippopotamus.::Good win refs, keep those whistles blowing.. or not blowing when Bosh commits a foul.
gus11084::There isn't a single game in the NBA that's not affected by the refs' bad calls. Get over yourself.
hapatino::Wade was fouled on his game winning shot.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Ref excuses are for losers.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::I watched the whole thing. Again. Ref excuses are for LOSERS.
Hippopotamus.::Someone didn't watch the game I see.
HeathBlake::ESPN tries so hard to get us to cheer for Miami but noone cares lol.
lolabunny_33162::- bulls are america's team ?? lol i highly doubt that america has a team. but anyway espn is not trying to get cheers for miami. miami is making headlines and turning heads simply because they are a new and improved team this season. they are playing good basketball. last season everyone hated miami heat and this season ppl are not as angry towards them. they see the change. this team has matured. im not saying miami is 'america's team' but the changed that they had made from last season to this one has had a big impact on ppl. this is why we have bandwagon fans. to say that espn is being miami heat's cheerleader is ridiculous. if you're basing this off headlines and whats top news , its safe to say that the knicks are also being cheered on by espn??? espn is not bias, they report basketball news. . if a team is making a splash, they are going to be top conversation. miami is one of the teams to beat, simply because of talent and team chemistry and smart plays. espn is just covering and reporting.
darkace789::lol shut up
Carl8221::Espn tries to get people to cheer for miami? what a $@%!$@%
MrBull23::True HeathBlake, because they know Heat was the only team that cried on National TV. Coach spoelstra said it, guys in the locker room were crying when the Bulls beat them, I mean when DROse beat them. Bulls is America's Team.
gus11084::Bulls are America's team! They were doing the American thing and sat on their couches and watched the NBA Finals on tv. Just like every other American. They're so awesome.
cdh48::not anymore
kingyankee2323::is this why this story isnt on front page? you sir came here and look for this board on your own will..
MrBull23::PACERS are mentally weak and because of that gave give game away. The crucial turnovers are the proof of it. Also, this game was perfect for LeBron the redeem himself to be the go to guy but he failed again and clearly WADE is th go to guy of this Crying Team. Lebron is the go to guy befor the last shot...FACT!
lolabunny_33162::smh , lebron makes smart plays. lebron is not the team! who takes the last shot should not be based soley on a specific person but the flow of the game. everyone is so quick to make judgements on lebron passing the ball, when we does pass the ball he is not showing weakness or fear . he plays smart. for instance the jazz game when he passed the ball to haslem, that was a smart play. haslem was wide open and that jumper is haslems best shot. he usually always makes that shot...if he had made it ppl would have congratulated lebron for a smart selfless play, just as if he had gone for the shot himself and missed ppl would have criticized him for not closing out another game. lebron puts so much pressure on himself but ppl neglect the fact that lebron leads the team to that lost shot. usually in situations where it has come down to the last shot for miami to take the win, its only made possible because lebron has brought the team back after trailing behind. but i said all that to say this, the last shot is dependant on the game itself. if the moment is right, then it is. its not lebron's duty to take this last shot.
MrBull23::why can't people understand??? who took the last shot? IT WAS BATMAN!!! NOT Robin... end of story!!!!
gus11084::You should not have the number 23 in your s/n. If you were a true fan you'd realize you're disgracing His Airness with the stupid crap you write on here.
grammaton1::ScarecrowKeyserSoze I was about to say the exact same thing!  What game were you watching?  Last 8  points of regulation and forced the turnover that sent it to overtime.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Lebron made the 3 to tie the game with ten seconds left. He also scored the last 8 points of the fourth quarter. Lebron is the reason they stayed in the game. You sir do not know basketball.
MrBull23::Thanks
bpardo95::You are so cute.
kingyankee2323::blah blah blah cry me a river.... 'but he passed the last shot' thx to Lebron there was a last shot to hit... since when people started giving last shots or last drives or 'clutch' so much importance? non of this mattered before
black man 323::Skip will never give him credit until he hits game winners in the playoffs, as if getting his team in position to win doesn't matter. Wade needs Lebron to do his thing in order to take all those crazy shots. I would have all the confidence in the world too playing next to Lebron cause I know he could bail me out with his offense AND defense.
markodegr8::Yeah it's easy to be pretty good with a healthy Shaq on your team...
HeathBlake::Wade was better without LeBron. You people have bad memories.
NotEvenMad::Skip is a $@%!$@% idiot. He thought Tebow could be a successful NFL quarterback... Enough said.
NotEvenMad::So are there any trolls here saying that Lebron isn't clutch because he keeps passing up the last-second shot?
Please_Dont_Trade_Anymore_Marlins::Unnamed Hater: LeBron is NOT clutch!   :Hits the game tying 3:  Unnamed Hater: Well LeBron is not clutch in the playoffs!
johnjon720::IF Lebron IS clutch in playoffs. Unnamed Hater: Well he still couldnt win by himself, he had to team w/ Wade &amp; Bosh
Arrownoir::The Three way between the Bron, DWade, &amp; Heaters is deeply sickening  you know who benefits from it the Heaters  Dumb $@%!$@%! falling for their traps  LBJ &amp; DWade are my fav players in the NBA, now I don't have to like 2 or possibly 3 different teams (They're all in Miami, and I'm Happy)
ken0746::Lebron passed the ball at the end...
MrBull23::why can't people get it???? the LAST SHOT to win the game!!! Just like MJ does all his life.... its always Dwade who has the guts to do it and WIN IT... not LeChoke, well he tried many times for the last shot but it didn't go in.
MrBull23::Wade is the go to guy obviously... Lebron is the go to guy before the last shot plain and simple.
montecarlojr::how dumb can u get he had the last shot for the heat in regulation
NotEvenMad::After hitting the game-tying 3 with 10 seconds left in regulation while also having 14 pts in OT+4th quarter. Sit down idiot.
doggtoyork::hahahaa thunder turned down harden and ibaka for dwight REST OF THE LEAGUE ARE SOO LUCKY THEY DECLINED THEY COULD HAVE BEEN UNREAL http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
rugby107::How can Lebron be the greatest when he's not even the best guy on his own team?
MrBull23::Lebron is inconsistent. Batman always hits the game winner!
flakenstein::When you live the simipleton life you say stupid things. Such is the life of rugby107
rtdogs1::how can you honestly watch the Heat play and say that Lebron is not the best player on his team? He leads them in almost every stat there is. That is just ignorance and living by off what DWade did 6 years ago.
bryan32603::Highest Clutch FG% since 2000 , including playoffs, according to Libertyballers.com.  Clutch is defined as:  4th quarter or overtime, less than 5 minutes left, neither team ahead by more than 5 points:    1. LeBron 0.460   2. Duncan 0.460   3. Nash 0.459   4. Terry 0.438   5. KG 0.434   6. Dirk 0.428   7. Melo 0.421   8. Wade 0.415   9. R.Allen 0.405  10.Vince 0.401   11.Kobe 0.397
MrBull23::DRose has the highest clucth shot under 10 secods remaining in a game.
Luigii_::maybe the reason hes more efficient is because he shoots less in clutch time.. percentages like that dont really mean as much as you think
mrhandy25::Kobe -5 LeQueen -0 The stat that matters the most!
mrhandy25::Well everyone that you named has more rings than your hero does too!
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::And mj according to the rings
richbasa::Robert Horry is better than Kobe Bryant.
bryan32603::Check the website.  LeBron has better numbers than Kobe in the last minute of the game and the last 24 seconds.  The Haterz need to stop but I don't think they can help it.  Must be genetic.
ThisisMike 305::Dwade will be winning his second finals mvp this year, it's a lock .
MrBull23::lolz, once? we gave the game away... and DRose the youngest MVP in NBA History didn't even play! bwahahaha! Your win meant nothing, ZERO!!!
mrhandy25::And that means that the Heat won the title based on that 1 win, correct?
phatfour20::we beat you once already this year.....fact!
MrBull23::Wade will not win the MVP until DROse is playing. We have the best record in the NBA, fact!!!
mrhandy25::This will be the Heat's second title in a row, right???
cdh48::Skip Bayless's Tweet: "Couple nice moments for LeBron - esp. tying 3 end of reg (progress!) Missed FTs, late 3 in OT. But when it was TIME, Batman ended it. DWADE!"
MrBull23::Skip knows!
flakenstein::A tweet to rally the simpletons.
You can get Heat Blasted::Pacers got burned.
MrBull23::Bulls beat the pacers by 20+points... whatdahek are u talking about!!!
MrBull23::Pacers are mentally weak, can't handle pressure.
Lindin1100::Pacers did beat the bulls
younglouiE::they still put a good fight, just made minor mistakes that cost them. Pacers still a good team
justsayyeah7::I think OKC is still the favorite to win the championship this year.  They may not have the big 3 but they have a better roster.
mrhandy25::You Heat fanboys really twist things to fit your current argument, on one hand, LeQueen's stats are the most important thing when greatness or how clutch is the topic, now since the Heat aren't listed as the number 1 defensive team according to the stats, the stats aren't telling the whole story!
southridge305::i know it says heat are like the 11th best defensive teams, but them stats are not telling the whole story. of all the teams in front of heat, only team  i say have a better defense is bulls... no way is teams like lakers, mavs, hawks, sixers defense better than heat. heat score so many points os it look as if the defense isnt that good, but its not the case. we have the only player in the league that can successfully guard any position on the court. our wing defenders from bench to starters is the best in the league easily. heat also is very good at playing help defense, but they do lack the size when it comes to big man playing defense
southridge305::i think the depth between both teams is about even. heat have haslem, miller, cole and battier who all play significant minutes off the bench. okc has harden, ivey, mohamed and  another player, but there no better than heat bench. harden is the clear best player off the bench, but he really is a starter and cook should be the bench player. heat startting line up is easily better than okc from offense to defense. i will give okc bench the edge though. heat starters account for more points  than okc starters does and okc bench account for more points than heat bench. in the playoffs it will be heat regular rotation of nine players + 1, which will be pittman, depending on the team and game
nap2212::Miami has better starters, deeper bench, better defense, and has more than 3 scoring options. They actually have 2 players that can play in the post. OKC has none of that. They are a jump shooting team and that is not going to take you to the Finals.
nap2212::LOL WOW HAHAHA THAT WAS A GOOD ONE
younglouiE::A better roster ? noooo, Miami has more depth...and they play much better defense
freshstart_777::Miami are the best defensive team in the league.
jcr54321::Yo actually guys I got what Skip Bayless will say.  He will ignore the fact that LeBron had 14 pts in the 4th/OT and had the Heat's last 8 points in regulation.  He will try his best to ignore lebron's gametying 3 with 10 seconds left, and focus on D-Wade's winning shot.
nap2212::Wade has been inconsistent all year. When he was out with an injury LeBron carried that team to 7 straight wins.
You can get Heat Blasted::Again, kill yourself
nap2212::Ya I know just not a very impressive season for Wade. He has had injuries and disappears for long stretches of games.
younglouiE::Wade's PER is high right now
You can get Heat Blasted::Kill yourself
nap2212::Pug Life Nukka!
younglouiE::With this squad I feel Miami can win the championship this year, I just hope they at least add another big man
southridge305::if heat win this year, then they could get karman, miller will go, because he would have gotten a ring so heat di their part by getting him a ring so i say they give up pittman, miller for karman
nap2212::They will get Kaman from my Hornets. I just don't know what the Hornets would want from the Heat.
nap2212::Ya from what I have read the Heat really want him.  He would be a perfect fit for the Heat.
younglouiE::I dont think Stern is going to allow Kaman to go to the Heat
younglouiE::Idk how that's gonna happen. Hornets most likely will trade him
..TheSixthHeatle..::should've won it last year
younglouiE::that too !
GBM04::Too many 3's though.
younglouiE::you're absolutely right. But Dallas threw that zone against, Miami were stuck. Didn't know what to do
..TheSixthHeatle..::needed Lebron not to fade away......................................
GBM04::Couldnt keep up with the 3's from Dallas.
jcr54321::I wonder what Skip Bayless will have to say about this..
Dr Killapatient::He will try to ignore any questions reguarding the Heat this week.
nap2212::Call Dwade "Batman" even though Wade hasn't even had an impressive season. LeBron has carried this team and they will only go as far as he will take them.
Dr Killapatient::When you shoot 6-27 or more... Your pretty much a liability than benefit for your team.
marting260::D'antoni gunna get fired if the knicks keep up
younglouiE::Anybody with eyes can see Miami Heat is playing unbelievable right now. And what were the two things all the experts and NBA analysts were saying that Miami has to overcome? playing against zone defense and figuring out how to make clutch plays in late game situations...they're doing both impressively
southridge305::the defense will get better and the half court game as well. they have found ways to win the last 2 games, while shooting 2 of 14 from three point land for both games. thats a sign of a great team
GBM04::And i feel like theyre still holding back a bit.Theyll explode in the playoffs.
nap2212::Ya they are still figuring things out and playing at about 75% in some games.
cdh48::even on bad nights they end up impressing you somehow, they dont give up.
laingy1::LeBron's 3 was nasty. Cold blooded.
