Dezagcoog::To real ROCKETS(i.e. not lin) fans:  Do we take dwight for the max if he wants to come in the offseason? And where do we put him? A PF to keep Asik as our C? Asik isn't a PF in any way but Howard would be an AMAZING PF with all his athleticism.
Dezagcoog::All you Lin fans are unbelievable. First Lin not playing like an all-star was Harden's fault cause he was a ballhog. Then it became Asik's fault cause he couldn't catch a pass and ruined Lin's moves. Now it's McHale's fault cause he benches Lin and scolds him....y'all are UNBELIEVABLE.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=waacof2saZw
Jason Stone Lee::To Clipers and all pro NBA "stars" including his teamates, Jeremy Lin is not the star, he does not want to take away your spot lights, he just want to play basket ball for God. If you don't like him, or hate him, just use your basket ball skill to beat him down, don't use your boxing, wrestling and soccer skill to hurt him.   Lin, please protect yourself, you have not to play such hard for the stupid coaches. No one help you in Rox while you got hit face step wrist and kick chest, even teamates! Your teamates became selfness now because of McHale.  Cause your coaches did not respect and protect you, so referees and some of other players did the same to you.
Dezagcoog::Luckily Lin is smarter than you and knows that all that stupidi.ty you spew isn't true. That three way handshake that Parsons, Lin, and Harden do at the beginning of games is cool!
HoustonSports27::Looks like The Rox do need Harden to win.....Smh at these Lin fanboys....
Jason Stone Lee::They had Harden last time at home game against no CP3 Clipers, won?  You ride on Harden's..... very well. Poor boy.  Maybe you are McHale...., Lin hater?
february1088::The Rockets need Harden but also need a new coach. Mchale was a terrible GM who traded away Garnett to Celtics, and lead Timberwolves nowhere with his bad coaching.
Dezagcoog::so he's a coach now, not a GM
johnnyx2011::McHale got out coached. Why do you think MN let him go?
bobbydagreat::They were playing without Harden....Also, saying someone was fired by the worst GM in the NBA isn't exactly convincing.
bocabenny33433::Throughout this season, I saw all the Rockets games on LP.  I always tried to give the McHale and Samson  the benefit of the doubt.  Maybe they're resting Lin ... Bev or Douglas is having a good flow so don't disturb it ....give Lin and Harden more time without the other so each can do their thing.  However, with the recent single/double hitter baseball analogy, the pics/videos of the double standard berating of Lin that fans captured and posted, and most of all his lack of acknowledgement of a great game by Lin in the first GSW matchup (McHale was asked the question, and he diverted/babbled on something else as a response), it's clear that he is biased against and does not respect Lin as a player or person.  If there is an honorable bone in his body, he should just quit and go back to MN.
jnwolters18::didnt realize the clippers had so many dirty players 1) Matt Barnes - no explanation needed 2) Ryan Hollins - does he do anything but flop and commit flagrant fouls 3)  Caron Butler- Ask the Raptors for this comment 4) Blake Griffin - IMO the #1 Flopper in the league - he acts like the opposing team has tasers or something 5) Chris Paul - Please O please quit whining to the officials
killahbeezle::so Lin 4-12/-14, dude needs to start in the next 15 all star games.......in China
FredPE1965::This is so racist. Paraphrase in your own words: so CP3 1-4/-3, dude needs to start in the next 15 all star games.......in Africa
bboimn::so if you shoot 7/14 at 50% and score 14pts, that is better than taking 12 shots to score 14pts?  Jeremy Lin say you no good at math.
NguyenDragon::DMo needs more minutes...
jnwolters18::he cant move his feet on defense...thus no likely playing time in the near future
FredPE1965::Keep playing like that he should get more.
Steven A. Smith ESPN Insider::I am completely flabbergasted by these so-called Lin only Fans. They are completely delusional and it is blasphemy to even imply that he is a top 10 point guard in this league. Top 30 yeah, but top ten? You must be smoking that strong stuff.
JCabby25::What's more annoying are those who keep complaining about LOFs.
FredPE1965::Lin: 14 point, 7 assists CP3: 10 points, 11 assists  Not all that bad against a top 10 guard.  Some of the so called LOF are not Lin fans but morons trying to make Lin and Asians look bad.  Game could have been closer if Delfino was fully recovered from an injured arm or had  Harden and Douglas played.
notre dame fan16::Jeremy Lin is not one of the best 50 players in the NBA. he might inmprove but right now he isnt
Seskatchewan::Lin as top 30 only? Thats ridiculous. You dismantle Lin-only fans but then only post anti-Lin comments. Fool
bbears88::I wouldn't put much value in statements made by anyone who creates an account just today--for a day of trolling
STEPHEN-A-SMITH::i'm disgusted and dismayed by your comment, you're an idiot!
maverick0426::His numbers show he's at worst an average starting PG in the NBA at age24, a complete slap in the face to "experts" like Screaming A Smith and others who repeatedly said this kid was a complete scrub
nashjam::Trying to figure this out..Why does the Staples Center seat 18,997 for Laker games and 19,251 for Clipper games?
ajerojason::Lakers need more room for all the world champion trophies and banners.
whosaysstufflikethat::my goodness what did i just watch last night?   the first quarter i thought i was watching an exhibition game b/t the clippers and some high school scrub team.   and don't tell me harden is the only one who can give the rockets wins. the entire team was absolutely pathetic last night. 21 turnovers?!?! 44% shooting? zero defense and shameful rebounding. so many times the clips had 3-5 attempts at the basket in one run. why don't you guys play more ball instead of building brick houses?!?  and please the game as NOT EVEN CLOSE. clippers starters were out much of the game after 1st quarter blowout and they played lazy and cocky the second half.   this game was almost as painful as watching the texans play patriots during their first meeting last season.
bocabenny33433::Lin didn't play like crap.  I saw the game.  He gave his teammates open looks, but they couldn't make their shots.  He could have easily had 10 more assists ... and then how would the box score look?  And McHale and Samson are Sh*t for brains coaches.  They don't coach ... just sit there looking ugly.  Plus, when Lin got fouled bad, what did they do?  Nothing that I can see unelss they cut a silent fart.  Then McHale rips Lin.  This dope is writing the final chapter on his HOF career to be known as a racist, biased SOB.  In a Houston market where there is a large Asian population following Lin, a team that has ties to China, and Yao still has a relationship with the team ... want to bet Lerch is gone next year? And not soon enough.
whosaysstufflikethat::i think mchale is trying to build a deeper bench by playing reserves often. unfortunately the entire team looked like reserves last night. the rockets were not moving well and not opening up plays. plays looked sloppy and most of the fastbreak pts were scored when clips starters were out.   i know looking at the final score 10 pts isn't much, but if you saw the game, you could tell the clips were shoulders above the rox last night. i mean take a look at lin's stats. he played like crap last night and his numbers were not half bad. numbers don't tell the whole picture!  i'll give you that d-mo performancewas quite a surprise. played better D and made some good finishes but the team as a whole really struggled.   and btw, i'm a rox fan and live in houston. unfortunately this also makes me even more critical of my home team!   and as i had mentioned, clips got sloppy and cocky in the second half. didn't play with same intensity as 1st quarter. this led to most of their TO's.
TXtdo1411::And the clippers also had 19 turnovers compared to Houstons 21. Is that really much better?
TXtdo1411::Yea the Clippers hitting contested shots and shooting 77% from the field in the first didn't help. I wouldn't say the entire team was pathetic last night. There were definitely some bright moments i.e. D-Mo playing well. 10 points is not really that big of a blow out. We outscored y'all 21 to 8 in fastbreak points, and 54 to 32 in the paint, so we did some things well. Our rebounding was pretty bad, and we could not hit the outside shot like we normally can (20% from 3). It was not a great game, but we outscored y'all by 8 in the final three quarters, and you can't use the bench as an excuse seeing as we also had 3 reserves play 25+ mins, and D-Mo played 16 mins.
jee2309::Thanks to Vinny Del Negro, this game was waaaaaaaay closer than it should have been. He takes his starters out and brings them back into games after such a long break. Then the bench is now just standing around waiting for Crawford to score... Barnes is hurt and Bledsoe just settles for outside shots as well.  So for everyone who took the Clippers, channel your hate towards the Clippers coach.
RNYC::Didn't realize u had money on it. I'm a fan of the game. I don't particularly care about the clippers the lakers or the heat and can give 2 ---- about the rockets.   Preface your comments with " I had the clippers with the spread or I had the over". Easy.
RNYC::Game was over after the first quarter. NBA teams make runs but this game was never in doubt. Go troll somewhere else.
jee2309::how is this trolling; i placed a wager and i am voicing my frustration.  look at the +/- for the starters vs the subs; when you have a 20+ pt lead and you lose more than half of that lead, it's considered a close game, especially with the offensive talent that a team like Houston has.  fans of the falcons, giants, clippers, lakers and heat? lol, who's the troll and bandwagon fan?
Jeremy Lin the Prolific Dog Eater:::)
mountain1955::Clippers won , so what? They are such a low class team by using duty tricks to treat other players. Hollins should be suspended for hs flagrant behavior to Lin. The whole clippers should be suspended. They are not professional team, they are street gangs. Shame on you, la clippers. God will punish those who hurt people on purpose. Clippers will never be champion.
TXtdo1411::Haha yea talk about being bitter. I do believe Hollins should be suspended a game, but the whole team isn't dirty. As for the game, it sucks to see my team lose, but I was impressed with how well our reserves, that don't get much playing time, played. Especially D-mo, he was extremely impressive in his first game with significant playing time.
dweidrick53::Perfect example of a Rockets fan being upset after his favorite team lost.
Strike 1 yer OUT::LOL god will punish you for being so dumb
Jeremy Lin Goldenboy::Lin did his part, the rest of the team didn't do theirs.   Pathetic!  :(
bocabenny33433::Dawan .. .Dmo had the only alley oop I saw all season ... and I saw all the games on LP.  Here's another question - why the hell wasn't Terrance Jones or Greg Smith called up with GS' frontcourt size?
bocabenny33433::I'm a Lin fan but not a fanboy.  Lin should just guard his man ... and stop help defense on teammates who aren't doing the job on their assignments.  maybe it they get embarassed, they will do a better job.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::"I think he will be better for the team than Harden"  Slow down there. Let him prove himself first. I like D-Mo as well, but I will not go as far as you're talking.
TXtdo1411::Dawan you think D-Mo will be better for the team than Harden? Really?!! He has a loooooong way to go before he is even in the same discussion.
Dawan208::Anyhow he's fun to watch!!
waenloteion::Pretty sure its size.  I think he will eventually make  good pairing with Asik, but he needs to add some good weight/strength
Dawan208::I'm a Lin fan and he did ok.  But now I'm adding Myself as a D-Mo fan.  I think he will be better for the team than Harden and I don't understand how the stupid coach won't play this future all-star more often!!!!!!!!!    I'm kinda understanding the concept for the name " MacFail"!!!!!!!!!!
khufstetler3::Keep in mind that I'm a rockets fan saying this, but I almost want Lin to leave solely because of the fan boys on these boards. They'd rather have a Lin triple-double than a Rockets W.
lbenzcaptain::I don't know who put this Rockets schedule together.  But, how can the Lakers, Heat, Thunder, and Clippers catch the Rockets and the second night of a back to back?
Torres0478::Under all day lmao on all the overbetters talked too soon idiots!
bellser21::Y r u happy with $@%! poor shooting and unders.  I mean if you are making dough great but watching these games this year has been brutal, especially in the college game. 46 pts in the first then60 the rest of the game - how?
giangir::So lot of lin fans where blaming lins struggles on Harden...
bocabenny33433::Good point .. I'll have to give you that.  The Rockets front court was horrible.  Everyone picks on Lin for his D?  How about this ... everyone man to man at OKC .. let's see who can defend.  Lin tries to help too much and finds himself out of place to stop the 3 most of the time.  Let PPAT, Morris, etc. guard their assignments one on one.
bocabenny33433::if a few more missed shots went in, it would have been a close game.  there were like 10 additional assists that just went away.  before you label me a LOF, i will say that Lin missed his fair share of shots as well.  I'm a Lin fan, not a LOF, but I can't stand LOHs either.
jee2309::please, if the clippers starters weren't sitting out for long stretches, the game would have never been close.  del negro does a horrible job managing minutes... butler went for 17 in the first quarter and ended up with 19 total points. He didn't come back into the game until 4 minutes left before the half.
GreatnessQSmooth::I Smell Western Conference Finals http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOPbnkx5SO4
bobbydagreat::This is my favorite play of the entire game. http://youtu.be/npJ3qTNqR4Y?t=2m37s
jerikobe2224::thank u rockets and blazers for giving way to my lakers , an 8th seed will do :P
khufstetler3::Lol you need a real team to make a comeback like that. Why don't you worry about passing Portland before you get ahead of yourself. Laker fans are ridiculous.
jerikobe2224::better late than never
rm90025::Lakers have a long way to go.  Rockets won't drop out of the playoff spot.  No team that is that prolific offensively is going to miss the cut.  Utah would be the team I would look at to fall, but then they beat OKC.  Lakers might be out of luck.  Too little, too late.
Red.Brotha::The FA that the Rockets must sign to a max contract: LMA. Honestly he fits in with the team the most out of ALL the FAs that's available.
JrueRandallHoliday::LMA?
trollvtroll4::Love Lamarcus, mainly cuz he was with the horns, but I'm not sure I would want him on my NBA team.
bobbydagreat::LMA isn't a FA though....
Red.Brotha::Save for a max contract and sign a player for the bench.
NDFRockets18::That's what I remembered, shame really because he would be the PF I would want a max to go to
bobbydagreat::In fact, he's not till 2015
Red.Brotha::I'm talking about when he's available.
H7.14Rockets::Oh thank god, there's someone else who's on the LMA-wagon aside from me.
A Drunk Monk::Wonder if Kobe will try to make a point like in the Suns game where he chose not to shoot.
NDFRockets18::If he misses his first 7 again maybe.
Deaneer32::Should the Clippers be worried about the Lakers?...I mean they're playing pretty confident right now riding a 1 game win streak and most recently had a BIG win against the Suns...
trollvtroll4::It never got within 10 after the 1st quarter.
Deaneer32::Only reason the Clippers were poor after the 1st Quarter was because they had built up such a huge lead...If it were a tighter game the clippers would have played much better throughout.
rm90025::Clippers should be worried. I was at the game tonight and I was not impressed with the Clippers.  They beat Houston because they had a hot shooting first quarter, and Houston couldn't hit a single 3 point shot.  Houston actually outscored them the rest of the way.    What Kobe and Nash have been doing with their role switching and ball movement has been fun to watch.  Lakers are in rhythm and if they can find a shooter or two early in the game who can knock down some shots they can outsmart the Clippers and win the game.
giangir::I dont think anything about the lakerss this season other than the soap opera implosion hasbeen fun to watch...
Red.Brotha::Kobe was dominating before when he went 7-22. Truly a scary player.
NDFRockets18::I bet the Clippers are pooping their pants trying to figure out how to stop Kobe after he set the world on fire with 4 points on 1-8 shooting
Red.Brotha::No. Lakers suck. But Earl Clark might save them!
H7.14Rockets::Motie playing alongside Asik would make our frontcourt so balanced... it's like a Twin Tower.
bocabenny33433::Dmo can at least do an alley oop.
rm90025::Asik is a more solid player, but Motiejunas seemed like a more natural post player.  He took passes from Lin and turned them into baskets that Asik would normally labor with.  Rockets didn't play with pace tonight and that would probably suit Motiejunas.  Not sure if he fits into the Rockets style of play.  He should get more minutes though.
bobbydagreat::The emergence of Motiejunas might make the Rockets consider picking up Howard in FA and trading Asik. We'll see what happens.
JTHC75::Howard wouldn't work for the Rockets.  Their offense goes through the guards.  Lin might be able to do it, but Harden needs to shoot volume.
Red.Brotha::We need to get rid of Royce White and sign another good back-up Center and a player who can spread the floor too. I honestly don't think Delfino is enough.
NDFRockets18::Welp LeBron was immature when he got to Miami and he was forced to grow up. I honestly don't think Dwight is a bad guy and if this matures him then I absolutely want him on the team. Who knows though, I feel like Harden will do his fare share of recruitment on someone this weekend.
bobbydagreat::I tend to agree, it'll be interesting to see what they do with the money they have to spend.
Red.Brotha::I don't want Howard in this team. Idc if he's the most dominant Center, I don't want him playing aside Lin and Harden. I'm 100% happy with Asik as our starting center.
Red.Brotha::I heard Motie has the quickness and can also outplay SFs. That would help us tremendously.
H7.14Rockets::Anyone else excited about Motie? I have a feeling McHale will start him at the near future... maybe in 2 years.
bocabenny33433::Mchale is a moron.  this coaching staff is the most sedentary group I have seen. no emotion ... no fire ... rather than motivate, they demotivate (at least in the case of Lin who they try to label a singles hitter - way to go Lerch.  I think they are purposely trying to safe face for last year's decision by making sure Lin doesn't explode for another great run).  Everyone sees it.  Don't think that the Chinese advertisers aren't mentioning to their Rockets contacts.  It's all over the Chinese papers my mom tells me.  And it's all over the boards.  If it wasn't for his daughter's tragedy, they would have been long gone for their unprofessionalism and incompetence.  Mchale, do you really want the last footnote on your legacy being a biased, racist?   Bad coaching can be tolerated, but do you want your last impression to be someone who undermines a young player b/c you made a wrong assessment previously?
trollvtroll4::Who is H-town's starting PF?
NDFRockets18::he's just very spotty and not a great rebounder.
trollvtroll4::But that's all I remember of #54...
trollvtroll4::He backed down a tired BG at one point...
bobbydagreat::Yeah, he's pretty much worthless on the boards, but he has a nice midrange jumper.
NDFRockets18::yeah
trollvtroll4::Is he #54?
NDFRockets18::Patrick Patterson, so yeah not a whole lot is needed to take starting job. Patterson would be a very good backup but not much else.
bobbydagreat::Patrick Patterson.
H7.14Rockets::Usually Patterson but I'm losing my patience with him.
H7.14Rockets::The guy is really skilled and you know skilled big men is pretty rare in this league.
bobbydagreat::i could see him taking over the starting PF spot by the end of the year.
bobbydagreat::I have followed him since the Rockets drafted him. I saw some of his play overseas and in the D league where he was crazy dominant putting up like 25/12. He needs to be going up against PF's not centers though.
H7.14Rockets::Honestly while I wanted him to play a lot, the main reason was because of our lack of big men. Didn't follow his skillset much.
bobbydagreat::Easily, he even does a dream shake.
H7.14Rockets::Better than Yao and Scola's?!
bobbydagreat::I've been following him for a while, his post moves are the best the Rockets have had since Olajuwon. His D needs work and he could use some bulk, but he could easily score 15-20 a game starting right now
H7.14Rockets::Highly possible. But it's still a small sample size.
NDFRockets18::When KD got his first Flagrant yesterday how many Thunder fans yelled "WTF is a Flagrant, made up rule!".  Honestly curious
bobbydagreat::My guess....half.
jahlove1261::Name the last team to win a Championship built around a SG - you Rocket fans really are delusional. And don't give me the Lakers and Kobe because Harden isn't 1/2 the baller that Kobe is.
rm90025::Teams with dominant SGs have done pretty well winning rings (Chicago, LA, Miami).  San Antonio also has a guy named Ginobili who is pretty damn good too.  Detroit had Richard Hamilton and back in the bad boyz era, they had Joe Dumars and Vinnie Johnson.
H7.14Rockets::My question is, why in the world would you ever think of moving an NBA team to OKC?
NDFRockets18::More teams have won built around a SG than a SF to be fair.
trollvtroll4::Dude, OKC is awesome right now, but you're making Thunder fans look dumb right now. Just stop...
bobbydagreat::Cut them slack, they're just now learning basketball.
H7.14Rockets::Dwayne Wade and the Heat. Oh wait, you didn't watch basketball back then.
bobbydagreat::The Lakers, the Heat, the Bulls.....
bobbydagreat::Anyway, enough talk about the Thunder, how about the breakout game for Motiejunas?
trollvtroll4::I was at the game, and I was like, who the f*** is this dude. Had a great game. Rockets got a lotta young talent. Hopefully McHale is a better coach than gm
bobbydagreat::Yeah he's Lithuanian.
trollvtroll4::7 years??? Must have been playing in Europe...
bobbydagreat::Yeah this guy has been a professional basketball player for like 7 years now and he's only 23. He has crazy post moves.
H7.14Rockets::Like it or not, OKC's future isn't looking bright. But if there's one thing I have to thank OKC for, it's taking K-Mart away from us.
NDFRockets18::Seattle &gt; OKC.   Seattle's fanbase deserved KD and Ibaka after supporting a bad team for so long and still being passionate. OKC just deserves Westbrook.
H7.14Rockets::Rockets future: 2 Max Contracts (we don't have to necessarily max 2 players which is also a plus) Core of James Harden, Asik, and Jeremy Lin (who's also bringing in more money for this organization) Upcoming, young bench Draft picks  OKC's future: Westbrook ruining the team KD getting frustrated Ibaka Minimal cap space Older bench  Now which team is more appealing for high status FAs?
NDFRockets18::Last year the Magic were about to trade Howard to the Thunder but he told them he would resign with OKC. Guess it sucks that bad.
bobbydagreat::The worst part of having to be on the Thunder is being stuck in Oklahoma.
bobbydagreat::LOL, Oklahoma is the sticks....the entire state has millions fewer people than the city of Houston...
jahlove1261::yeah, like Houston the fat capital of the Country as well as one of the most polluted cities in the US is a picnic.
WatergateSwag III::Asik draws no money whatsoever, sorry to burst your bubble.
WatergateSwag III::not to me
Red.Brotha::I thought it was pretty clear.
WatergateSwag III::thanks, was confused
Red.Brotha::He's talking about Lin.
NDFRockets18::I know you've only been watching the NBA for 3 years OKC fans but there was this guy named Allen Iverson. He was a selfish, shoot first point guard that was egotistical and childish. Your PG is just like him, except not as talented. See how the Iverson story turned out. Westbrook is a cancer and it will show
rm90025::Westbrook is a baller.  He has his share of bad games, but he makes plays, keeps his team's offense running and is always putting pressure on the defense.  Without his aggression, OKC would not be a team that can contend for the title.
jahlove1261::and if Iverson ever played with as much talent as OKC has right now, he'd have won at least 2 rings. Man, you Rocket fans really must miss the Dream.
february1088::The heck? Iverson in his prime is better than anything Westbrook has shown us so far.
NDFRockets18::Iverson wouldn't have passed to KD, ego. It's what will do Russell in. How can you blindly support Westbrook now after OKC fans were calling for his head throughout the playoffs last year? I know Harden is on a different team but you are a flat out liar if you say you liked Westbrook more than him
bobbydagreat::Westbrick isn't close to as good as Iverson was.
Red.Brotha::Actually we miss Yao now.
WatergateSwag III::one MVP one finals appearance and jumped teams, but AI is a HOF
bobbydagreat::Westbrook isn't as good as Iverson was, he's closer to Starbury.
bobbydagreat::They are remarkably similar.
NDFRockets18::I would love to see Westbrook's story to unfold the way of Marbury's lol
Andrea.Bargnanii::Earl Clark and Royce White have many MVP seasons in their future
mmoore2144::I gotta get an Earl Clark jersey. What team does he play for? What's his jersey number?
bobbydagreat::Never heard of him.
WatergateSwag III::oh god
Andrea.Bargnanii::Earl Clark is about this life
H7.14Rockets::Kobe is about to be in the same situation as Shaq did with the Lakers... all because of the almighty Earl Clark.
TSlakersmvp::LA traded Bynum for Clark..d12 was a steal
Andrea.Bargnanii::I feel bad for Earl. He has to play with Kobe...
jahlove1261::OKC is 2-0 vs. Houston with some nailbiters - 22 and 30 point wins - Yeah, you guys are right there with the best. Keep dreaming Rocket fans.
akhorahil::And how did OKC get Durant, Westbrook and Harden again? 3 straight years of sub .400 basketball.   How many times have the Rockets gone 3 straight sub .400 years? 0  Last 10 seasons... Rockets .564  OKC .502
trollvtroll4::Yeah, in case your memory doesn't quite serve you at the moment ("marijuana affects the memory"), Harden was huge against the Spurs. Harden is definitely a superstar in the NBA in '14, '15, '16, etc.
NDFRockets18::Yup him and Durant won them that series no matter how hard Russell tried to blow it
NDFRockets18::And 3 years ago you guys were the 8th seed, 1 and done in the playoffs. It's called a team of the future. Sheesh you guys haven't even won anything yet
bobbydagreat::Look it up guy. I know you OKC folks just learned about basketball 5 years ago, you'll figure it out eventually.
jahlove1261::How'd Harden do in the finals you dbaggers?? A huge NO-Show.
jahlove1261::you guys keep saying Harden is the best SG in the league but me thinks you don't know what you're talking about. Think about it.
Red.Brotha::Also, Asik &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Perkins.
NDFRockets18::Harden, the guy who bailed out Westbrook's horrible play in the Lakers and Spurs series where he shot lights out. Oh yeah and we have cap space bud
Red.Brotha::A future superstar in James Harden, a decent PG, and a huge cap space... we can sign 2 players with max contracts. How's your future looking?
bobbydagreat::As of right now they have a lot of young talent and the best SG in the league....not a bad core to build on.
jahlove1261::except that team had KD and Westbrook - What do you guys have??
Red.Brotha::Also win a ring first please.
bobbydagreat::No one suggested the Rockets were better this year.....they are the youngest team in the league in the first year of a rebuild.....
Red.Brotha::Never did we say we're amongst the best. Don't put words into our mouth you ret@rd.
mmoore2144::It may be time to head to the Clip/Laker conversation. See what kind of run Earl Clark is getting on there.
mmoore2144::http://espn.go.com/nba/conversation?id=400278508
TSlakersmvp::paste th link
TSlakersmvp::Earl Clark Stopped KD,,who the f is james harden..OKC reject
bobbydagreat::I really thought all Lakers fans were Clippers fans now. You must be a masochist.
trollvtroll4::Rockets gonna be good for a while. Lotta good pieces. Very young and talented. Plus cap space and a large market. Lin may be a bit overrated, but Lin = $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
mmoore2144::Earl Clark: 8 ppg 6 rb this season. Wow. MAX DEAL. LOCK HIM UP!
NDFRockets18::He's a double double just waiting to happen!
TSlakersmvp::LOL Houston fans laughing at the lakers..what is the world comming to
Red.Brotha::TSlakersmvp has posters of Earl Clark all over his wall.
NDFRockets18::It's come to a world where a Laker fan will use Earl Clarks absense as an excuse for a loss. So yeah, it's a funny world
bobbydagreat::Earl Clark.
bobbydagreat::"except, for the fact that OKC will always be more talented than your team and the Clippers will clearly have more depth than you as well."  Those teams are what they are, they aren't going to improve, the Rockets can add a max FA, hell they could have Dwight Howard in the off-season if they wanted him. The Rockets will be a contender for a long time moving forward.
Red.Brotha::Westbrook is vastly overrated. He's going to be the reason why OKC won't win a championship until KD hits the age of 35 or something.
Red.Brotha::Unless KD leaves because of his frustration with Westbrick.
Red.Brotha::Rockets' future &gt; OKC's future.
jahlove1261::Westbrook, Durant, and Ibaka &gt; any future Rockets team.
bobbydagreat::You'll find out the hard way.
A Drunk Monk::I agree- the future for the Rockets is exciting. Depends on who they add, hopefully not Josh Smith.
NDFRockets18::At least Houston isn't stuck with Westbrooks huge contract and growing ego
bobbydagreat::Exactly, no way would I want Westbrick on my team
Cleeepers::Man, what a week for Grant Hill. Completely shut down Carmelo on Sunday, now tomorrow he has to go to work on the legendary Earl Clark.
bobbydagreat::Thank god Grant Hill drinks sprite
White Man Rules The World Nagger::I have sympathy for Lin's man problem below the belt.
trollvtroll4::Sad thing is, Earl Clark is actually the second best person on the Lakers... Sad but true.
