elibird123::<b>Hello World</b>
elibird123::Example
elibird123::Example
elibird123::elibird123
kzwider::Despite his low shooting % this year, Kobe is the most clutch in the game right now http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/kobe-game-winner.html
elibird123::Example
pendergraph4::OH THE LINSANITY!!!!  oops...its just Jose Calderon
jwilson102569::Tip your hats to the Raptors:  They didnt give up 81 points to Kobe this time.
winters999::shaqatastic LOL KobME Cryant goes 9-23 AGAIN. Jeez, has this ball hog ever been efficient? 45% regular season and 40% finals. Iverson #2.  he is efficient enough to get five more titles than lebron, iverson, bosh, mcgrady, vinsanity, and steve nash combined.
elibird123::2001 Championship Season  Kobe averaged 28.5 points in the Season and 29.4 in the Playoffs while Shaq averaged 28.7 and 30.4. Kobe's performance in the Playoffs was outstanding, leading the team to an NBA record 15-1, but the Finals MVP went to Shaq who had no opposition at all from Philadelphia Oh yeah Kobe led the team in assists as he has done in every year, but a couple. Shaq needs to say thank you Kobe for helping make me the MVP in a lot of those years, since were the reason for about 6+ PPG he got.
xxxhawk::No, he just has rigged teams with most talent around him. kobe = Iverson
winters999::so kobe is a gm now?  he is more talented than we all though he was.  and kobe = iverson.? ain't iverson at home watching the nba league pass just like us?  while kobe is still a top five player in the league.
rex_coach::kobeeeeee
shaqatastic::LOL KobME Cryant goes 9-23 AGAIN. Jeez, has this ball hog ever been efficient? 45% regular season and 40% finals. Iverson #2.
winters999::iverson and kobe were in the same draft right?
elibird123::xxxhawk - I'm just a little bi.tch  *************** Glad you finally fessed up to it hawk
elibird123::hello world what's up? Hello World Hello World
xxxhawk::Yep, and AI played for the team that drafted him. While kobe refused to play for his team &amp; demanded to be traded to Shaq/lakers.
winters999::iverson has how many rings?  and how many times has iverson been to the finals?
xxxhawk::Iverson torched kobe for 48pts &amp; beat lakers in finals &amp; then Phil took kobe off of AI. lols Put AI on kobes loaded teams &amp; he wins 5 or more rings.
Kobethamvp24x::And yet the shots that mattered, he made.  Something Lefraud can't do!!!!!!!!!
xxxhawk::kobe is an ugly 26% fg career shooter with game on line. Never mention the majority of shots kobrick misses.
-whoa-::how bout his clutch play-- the 3 pointer down 1, then the steal up 1 then there down 1 and he hits the game winner, give the guy some credit
basketball good NBA bad::This game reminded me of Mike Brown's previous coaching experiences...  Tells a bunch of guys who don't know how to shoot to just stand there and let one guy do most of the work.  Then fattening up the win column on weak sub .500 eastern teams, then getting embarrassed in the playoffs by far superior teams.  It's gonna be deja vu.
winters999::problem is .. the west ain't weak.
allan24C::Good call or not, would that call have been made if the roles were exactly reversed....not a chance in hell....you know it, and I know it......NBA means big name players/teams get the benefit of the doubt.....and lesser team/players get called to the letter of the law.....
winters999::the ref got to five and THEN blew his whistle.  he couldn't believe butler held the rock that long.
-whoa-::that was way more than 5 seconds watch ESPN
-whoa-::anyone who thinks that wasnt a 5 second violation is delusional or just a biased raptor fan. the ref signals 4, hes still trying to inbound the ball, what is he waiting for. u dont wait until 4.9999999 seconds to call a timeout
conlevis2::you would have to dig the Raptors up before you could bury them....
allan24C::Did you work on that gem all day?
tgtg31::Get L.A. a decent point guard and start hitting WIDE OPEN jumpers and they could be hoisting the trophy this year.  If there is a big 3 in basketball they are in the Staples Center......wearing purple and gold though Clip fans
SeaDog73::The Lakers need Bynum, Gasol, and Kobe to have good games offensively, every single game, and even then, like in Philly, we may still lose.............because who the h*ll else outside of those 3 can we even begin to think will contriube anything offensively on a consistent basis.   As good as those 3 are.................is about as equal to how weak the rest of the team is after them.     Yesterday we got 7 from Goudelock and Blake and 6 from Murphy.   Sadly, that is actually decent production from what it's been lately.
Kobethamvp24x::24 points from the bench, we've had worse games.
SeaDog73::That's what I mean.  How much more can our bench do than what they did yesterday?   I'd say on a consistent basis, they couldn't do what they did yesterday.     No offense from the bench and opposing PG's lighting us up like a bonfire at the beach game after game is getting d*mn old.
twentyanite::Damn we needed that win. Any win at this point. Its painful to watch the lakers especially on offense. Mike browns system is terrible. Gasol was already a little sketchy. in this system he is clearly lost and stuck in the high post or on the perimeter shooting jumpshots. Dont like it. He has to be a 18 to 20 point scorer a night and 10 boards. Bynum has to do the same. if not expect a 2nd round exit.
boom.shaka::Not sure how you can evaluate a system that hasn't been implemented yet....
twentyanite::I saw browns system in clev. hated it then. LA has skilled players especially in low post. he needs to tailor the system to the players he has not vice versa. Gasol does us no good shooting 3's and long jumpshots. you gotta score points to win in the west. we struggle to do that
boom.shaka::"The factual length of a second is irrelevant. "  is right up there with  "That depends on what the definition of 'is' is."
Plargo::My point is: refs don't have stopwatches. They count steamboats (or whatever). This is the universally acceptable rule in the NBA.  So yes, it doesn't matter if he counts fast or slow and doesn't count off 5.00000000 seconds. The only thing that matters is he counts off 5 of HIS seconds, as close to perfect or slightly imperfect that that count is.  Doing an autopsy on this play form the viewpoint that the ref counted slow and Butler actually had MORE than 5 seconds is entirely irrelevant. The fact is, Butler AND Casey BOTH called timeout BEFORE the whistle went. The video Link I provided proves Butler's side. The footage of Casey is harder to find, for good reason.
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::I didn't even watch the game, but I can see that the Lakers are clearly the better team.
boom.shaka::We usually forgive players for making mistakes We occassionally forgive coaches for making mistakes We NEVER forgive refs for making mistakes.  Your people call it "maize" My people call it "fandumb"
winters999::i was cracking up watching the game live.  those crying toronto commentators were trying to slooooowly count to five during the replay. LMAO.  even with that they still got to five.
Plargo::The factual length of a second is irrelevant. The ref's imperfect count is accepted as the standard.  The fact remains that Casey barked in his ear to get the timeout and was ignored. The other fact that remains is Butler clearly made the T signal BEFORE the whistles blew, and he was ignored.  The ref right there had 3 jobs: count, watch the inbounder, and be aware that the coach may call timeout.  He failed on 2 of the 3.
Kobethamvp24x::They wanted to win so bad
iTzDiRkFoR3::i love Kobe, but it seems as if he would rather lead to league in scoring at 33 rather than win.
SeaDog73::Did you, or did you not hear him say winning his 6 championship is all that consumes him?  Kobe is about winning.
Mightymoose02::Kobe wants to win. Period.   He tries to take over when he sees his teammates are not confident.
boom.shaka::@IBeat--And that's the only way you'll ever put up 61 in MSG or 81 against Toronto.  Dr. Buss said it best:  you'll never be a millionaire if you're afraid of going bankrupt.
IBeatLebronIn1v1OnADailyBasis::or he is just overly confident in his abilities to win every game by himself.
winters999::not really.  when he sees the offense bogging down he knows that he is the best one on one option.  i think goudelock is the only other player on the roster than can score off the dribble.
Kobethamvp24x::KLUTCHBE
Kobethamvp24x::For about 24 minutes the Lakers played NBA finals caliber basketball, they let up and we had to quickly turn it on which I think kind of had everyone out of rhythm which lead to bad shots.  Luckily we found enough late to pull it out...Finally this rigged 6 game road trip is over in which we played 5 playoff teams on the road and had a real chance to go 5-1 had we hung on to beat the Sixers and Knicks...Granted we trailed the majority of the Knicks game on the tough end of a back 2 back.
winters999::true.  the only positive that you can see early this season is that the defense has improved.  hopefully the offense catches up soon.
boom.shaka::On the contrary -- new coach, lost a key player and still over .500 is a "positive".  My only concern is that they're too good to get a decent draft pick but not good enough to make a serious run in the playoffs.  Part of me is saying throw in the towel this year and add a lottery pick to the late #1 they got for Odom and then offer both to move up in what is believed to be a deep draft.
kzwider::Kobe is definitely one of the most clutch of all time ...What you guys think? http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/kobe-game-winner.html
boom.shaka::I think blog pimps should be Sanduskied.
DevonGreene::Kobe is still one of the best clutch players.
IBeatLebronIn1v1OnADailyBasis::no
winters999::whats up devon?
Braktooth::Anybody else notice that ref was Scott Foster? Why is that man still in the league? He's dirty.
IBeatLebronIn1v1OnADailyBasis::Money can buy Integrity
Plargo::Ref watching player inbounding, player calls timeout, ref blows whistle, says no timeout.  Coach standing 12 feet from ref, coach shouts timeout, refs blows whistle, says no timeout.  MORE NBA BULLSH*T
kzwider::Kobe has the most swag http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/01/la-lakers-search-for-point-guard.html
Plargo::watch the video of this angle  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exuw3rPw6vg  You can plainly see Butler making the timeout sign BEFORE the ref blows the whistle.  Butler is standing there WITH HIS HANDS IN A T. THEN the ref blows the whistle.  Butler is a moron for not calling it sooner, but he called it before the whistle.  Ref error.  THE END
Plargo::Nope.
boom.shaka::feel better now pooky?
Plargo::ha ha ha watch the replay, fool
boom.shaka::Quit whining...Butler said he heard the ref say "4".  It's his own fault for cutting it so close.
Asianflash7::Neither the player nor the coach called timeout, that is why the ref didn't call a timeout.
Braktooth::They were both calling timeout. The ref was looking right at Dwayne Casey when he called it, then ignored him.
boom.shaka::Could have been 4-2, but I'll take 3-3 on the Grammy trip.
albebrando::Hi from Italy
gianluchisti::ZAMBIA AFRICA CHAMPIONS !
IBeatLebronIn1v1OnADailyBasis::Hi from Zimbabwe
RiseofTheBlackNSilverNation1::Momma MIA!!!!!!
gianluchisti::MAMMA MIA !
gianluchisti::Ciao ... mi piace l Coca Cola Con la Cannuccia Corta Corta  :) i'm from Tuscany - TOSCANA - in SIENA ...   SIENA and FLORENCE are rivaliers
gianluchisti::HI ;)  WHERE ARE YOU FROM ???
gianluchisti::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCUcMic1Pxg&amp;feature=related  DUNK .... BAREA DON'T DUNK  MC CALEBB- DEFENS - PLAY FOR HIS TEAM - DUNK - 70% 2PT SHOOTING ....  IN LAKERS IF MC CALEBB PLAY 33 MINUTES :  23 POINTS (6/9 2pt. 1/2 3 pt. 8/9 ft ) 10 assist 4 rmb. 5 STEALS !!!!!
gianluchisti::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcfFOJL9sik  vs real madrid   LAKERS IF TRTADE HE and a small foward .... WALLACE or also WRIGHT ( golden state )  MC CALEBB bryant WRIGHT gasol bynum .... WIN THE TITLE !!!!
gianluchisti::K
gianluchisti::LAKERS MUST TRADE LESTER BO MC CALEBB !!!!!!!
ACandOJ::He doesn't play for the Lakers....how can they trade him??
johnnyjorgensenmiami::Kobe is King!
gianluchisti::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8sF_7j5w6n8&amp;feature=related  LOOK THIS ... IS  &gt;  ( fisher + blake ) x 37900000 !!!!
gianluchisti::I LOVE NBA 16 TEAMS...  BUT WITH 30 TEAMS ... 4 example lakers play wiyhout PG and SF !!!!  AND MC CALEBB PLAY IN EUROPE - IN SIENA !!!!  SIENA WIN ALWAIS IN LAST 2 YEAR  MACEDONIA ARRIVED 3° IN EUROPE CUP  PARTIZAN , 3 YEARS AGO ARRIVED IN FINAL 4  !!!!! IS A MANIPULATIVE TRADE !!! IS RIDICULOS !!!!!!
gianluchisti::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ubqk1TvL4Q&amp;feature=related  VS MARC GASOL ( all star ) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
gianluchisti::+ acdc
eightbitme::Stats matter most to the losing team.  They can be used to figure out WTF went wrong.  :-)
Atomsk_::in the last two games, the Lakers have allowed Jeremy Lin and José Calderon to score a combined of 68 points. time to give Fisher an assistant coaching job and put an end to his suffering?
gianluchisti::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J45y3Ctsco8  against DENG ( all star )  AND WITH HE'S TEAM .... mps SIENA ... bo mc calebb is the gratest player in the world ( with paul and rose )  ... fisher and blake suck MC CALEBB 4 ever.. !!!!
gianluchisti::http://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lester_McCalebb
gianluchisti::IF TRADE BO MC CALEBB
gianluchisti::lin 38 - calderon 30-....  WHY LAKERS don't trade LESTER BO MC CALEBB ....  3° ACTUAL PLAYMAKER OF THE WORLD ( after ROSE and PAUL )  IN NEW ORLEANS PRIVATEES REMEMBER HE...  NOW IS A PHENOMENON and if lakers trade only HE and WALLACE ( portland ) they can WIN NBA TITLE ( 6 FOR KOBE ) :)  MC CALEBB BRYANT WALLACE GASOL BYNUM
gianluchisti::THIS IS REAL AND DEMOSTRATED...  IF LAKERS PROVE HE ...  WHY LIN NOT PLAY AFTER ??? BECAUSE WAS YELLOW WHY MCCALEBB DON'T PLAY IN NBA NOW ??? BECAUSE IS SMALL = BAREA BUT IS A GRATEST PLAY - DEFENSE MAN AND HAVE A LOT OF PERSONALITY..  SEE HIS VIDEO IN YOUTUBE or TELL THIS QUESTIONS AT MESSINA ( ASSISTANT OF BROWN )))... TELL HE...
Man From UNC::Kobe Bryant is a Rapist and should be in jail today in Eagle, Colorado....
polobaby37::KOBE=BEST EVER!!
ACandOJ::Stop saying things like this....it makes people think that Lakers fans are crazy.  Then normal fans have to defend theirself when they say, "I'm a Lakers fan"
jcupps12::kobe=overrated look at the whole performance
eightbitme::Stats matter most to the losing team.  They can be used to figure out WTF went wrong.  :-)
gianluchisti::KOBE 62 dallas 61
Man From UNC::Kobe 9 for 23 and 4 turnovers....got his team in a big hole....and lucked out to win....his best days are behind him....
ACandOJ::And this is a shock to who?? What player in year 16 with another 2.5 years of playoff games says, " My future looks bright!!!"
rajdi@att.net::doesnt matter how u start the game, it matters how u finish it
mystik-eye::Lakers won
LeBrick0-2Finals::Kobe is a clutch machine
Man From UNC::Kobe is a Rapist......
anonymous_sports_watcher::“We think he needs a better haircut,” Metta said, speaking on behalf of his teammates. “I don’t like that style. You’re in New York, the fashion capital. Change your haircut, OK? You’re a star now. Wear some shades. Shades, OK? Put down the nerdy Harvard book glasses. Put on some black shades, OK? With some leather pants. Change your style. Fashion.”  just cuz the chat's slow
Man From UNC::You can't take the hood out of the Thug.....
Iamtheone0594::I stopped reading as soon as I got to the Metta said part.
anonymous_sports_watcher::good move
0mar4449::why is life give u lemons?
anonymous_sports_watcher::to squeeze in your beer
0mar4449::who is the best player right now?
vanjo87::lin
Zonker40::The one that won the ring or the one that hogs all the stats?
anonymous_sports_watcher::paco de lucia
chiwadog::Tebow
aaFOn132::got em'
chiwadog::You can't raise after a check......Its called a string bet.
NBA_refs_are_weak::ill check your tebow, and raise you a carson palmer
NBA_refs_are_weak::peyton manning
KrayzieBone22::The Mamba Strikes Again!  Love him  or Hate him...... But you can't deny the Greatness that is Kobe Bryant!
Man From UNC::Kobe and the Lakers are done.....
NBA_refs_are_weak::idk, if its the arenas that I watched in orlando, they should go after someone else. I personally like him, and it be awesome to see him resurrect his career in LA. maybe orlando was just not the right fit
Zonker40::You're just grasping at straws dude... Ariza was a STARTER and $@%!$@% about money, they got Artest for the same exact money.  Farmar was never a good player, sorry... and he also wanted too much money.  And Shannon Brown?  Guess what?  He wanted too much money... that and he can't play defense.  A lot of people seem to love the dunks but Brown isn't that great a player... certainly not good enough to count as a huge figure against the luxury tax.
anonymous_sports_watcher::yeah like cp3...oh wait stern said no
NBA_refs_are_weak::absolutely, that was an awful awful loss. the worst thing the lakers have done over the years is just lose great bench talent for nothing. first it was ariza, then it was guys like jordan farmar and shannon brown, then they did it with lamar. they tampered with a winning formula when they shouldnt of. just needed to bring in a better PG to facilitate the offense, they didnt need to go after a top 3 guy, just someone with younger legs than fisher
Iamtheone0594::If he actually had anything left then somebody would have him by now.  They should have never let Lamar Odom go.
anonymous_sports_watcher::Kobe may be GOAT...but the team is hurting
anonymous_sports_watcher::i'll never count the lakers out...howard anyone?
chiwadog::They can't have the best record ALL the time.....They'll be ok come playoff time. They always are.
KrayzieBone22::The Lakers will sign Arenas to bring in more bench scoring and the Lakers will perform more efficiently after the all star break.  The Season means NOTHING to the Lakers cause they have a LONG playoff run to make.
indyracingleague::so clutch.
lshocket::"Kobe System? I solved that in 1st grade."  -Jeremy Lin
0mar4449::looking at lakers on nba gametime and yeah kobe do need to do more better than tonight, and their offense still needs that spark
anonymous_sports_watcher::Kobe IS the lakers this year
Man From UNC::Kobe's problem is he really thinks he IS the Lakers and he is clearly not....if he is this year, they won't get past the first round of the playoffs.....
American Hero Walter Sobchak::Who is ya daddy and what does he do?
anonymous_sports_watcher::also...mike brown is weak
Man From UNC::Mike Brown is an idiot....a puppet for Kobe.....
NBA_refs_are_weak::I actually like him. I like that he doesnt try and to be buddy buddy with players. I think hes weak in play calling and play design. Id like to see him bring someone in thats more of an offensive guru than he is, and just play to his own personal strengths
anonymous_sports_watcher::he's one of Pop's students...so yeah i like him too...
Birdmann._.::who are you and why are you here?
anonymous_sports_watcher::ok he's a genius..wtf it's an opinion
American Hero Walter Sobchak::Skip Bayless?
American Hero Walter Sobchak::Bobby Brown just placed a bid on my punching bag on ebay. Apparently his is broken.
0mar4449::that is not good man, repent for your sins
0mar4449::do not want to hear that name in my presence
lshocket::*presence jajajajajjajaajjajaj
0mar4449::he killed whitney houston, he should of left her alone, mad about that and crying
chiwadog::Same with your other posts........You make stupid comments without evidence.......You must be on drugs, because you're crazy.
0mar4449::not enough evidence, he got her on those drugs, and money can make people crazy
chiwadog::Murder is illegal.......Why didn't they arrest him........Oh, i get it . You're making things up again.
chiwadog::You're selling your balls on ebay?.......You have to have the product, if you want to sell it on ebay
chiwadog::Somehow, i'm not surprised........i believe that.
American Hero Walter Sobchak::you ever sell your balls for crack? I used to suck dick for coke
anonymous_sports_watcher::stern's veto of the cp3 trade was huge imo...
American Hero Walter Sobchak::What was Whitney Houston's biggest hit? Her last one.
0mar4449::we did it started in the 70s or 60s
0mar4449::bobby did it and he probably gave some to his daughter when she was young because his daughter doing drugs now
0mar4449::bobby who?, he killed one of my favorite singers, bobby who?
mystik-eye::Her kid loses her mom and this loser is crackin jokes
American Hero Walter Sobchak::lol crackin... I like your style
chiwadog::Walter was a $@%!.
anonymous_sports_watcher::You want a toe? I can get you a toe, believe me. There are ways , Dude. You don't wanna know about it, believe me
American Hero Walter Sobchak::You're entering a world of pain
anonymous_sports_watcher::OVER THE LINE!!!
American Hero Walter Sobchak::Donny, you're out of your element.
mystik-eye::go away
0mar4449::u tried it
American Hero Walter Sobchak::cocaine is a hell of a drug
mystik-eye::Glad the Lakes are coming home for a couple this week.This road trip was brutal and they almost blew it against the..gasp..Raptors today.
