GMEN2012Champs::Blowing a 16-point lead on the road is usually a recipe for disaster, but the Spurs hung tough and closed it out!  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
Paul96857::Yeah it was back when Ricky Nattiel played over there. Lin was there too. http://bit.ly/xGmF3d
luvnbayes::Last night was quintessential Manu.  He scores one point but still was a huge part of the win.  He comes in with the Spurs trailing in the 4th quarter, gets 2 assists, takes two charges, and makes the clinching free throw.  His +/- score was +17, by far the best in the game.  He wins games even when he can't hit the side of the barn.
NOVABuffalo::according to pistons fans he never gets a charge, it's always a flop ---- what losers.
tmohr48::Congrats to the Spurs' recent winning streak.... never count out the Spurs.
jetsfan443::http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/roddy-white-says-commish-makes-too-much.html
Man From UNC::Tim Duncan is still a beast.....
mccoy3181::GO SPURS GO!!!
.jeebus::Holy crap, Greg Monroe got as'sraped by Duncan!
threetimechamp210::I stay up to watch Spurs highlights on ESPN/Sportscenter and survive the linsanity hoopla and what do I see? Pistons highlights with a Tony Parker jumpshot at the end of the highlight as the only Spurs highlight in the entire segment. Dang ESPN! Freaking Bruce Bowen isn't pulling any strings and giving the Spurs any hype!
NOVABuffalo::under the radar is the way
J Wit Dog::why the hell would you want hype?
THEOCHO88888::detroit is a garbage city im sure we can all agree to that
Brian_Scalabrin3::Then why do thousands of tourists come to Detroit every year?
threetimechamp210::Because they feel like getting mugged!
mikey3941::Is Detroit a convention city? Do people go there cause theyre business makes them fo there?
Man From UNC::Greg Monroe and Brandon Knight are nice players to build around though......
mikeg0291::right now in the NBA its all about the red hot spurs and LINsanity!!!!
meloncabron::I just made a big connection: this year is going to play out just like 1998-1999.  Spurs playing great. Knicks are an 8 seed and they'll meet again for the title and SPURS win their 5th championship just like their 1st. Timmy retires. Cue curtain.
anonymous_sports_watcher::nice win spurs
thedarklord8588::Gawh pistons fans are ridiculous . I like how every spurs fan on here hears your crying about the refs handing us the game, yet do remember tony parker driving past your team twice in the final minutes, one of them a beautiful tear drop. Instead of blaming your refs in your own stadium how about the pistons learn how to play defense in clutch situations? Btw pistons fans, half of your team was trying to get foul calls the entire night. I actually distinct-fully remember a three pointer that went in and after the shot ( i cant remember who took the shot ) threw himself to the floor. Please get off the refs calls because there was so many calls that were ridiculous that went both ways it wasn't even funny.
NOVABuffalo::some were even bringing up foul disparity in the 2005 finals, talk about not letting go.
-mando-::GO SPURS GO!!
VolkieG::20-9 is "Trash"? Where'd you get your education? The Spurs have reached the playoffs 14 consecutive years, and 21 of the last 22. In fact they've been in the NBA for 34 years now, and have reached the playoffs in 30 of those 34 years. The Lakers (32 playoff appearances in the last 34 years) are the ONLY team who've reached the playoffs more often than San Antonio during that span. Even the Boston Celtics, with all their history and titles, have "only" been to the playoffs in 23 of the last 34 years.     Furthermore, as of last year, the Lakers have 3,084 wins and 1,891 losses all-time in the NBA for an overall winning percentage of .620 or 62%. That's tops in the NBA. Guess who's 2nd all-time! The Spurs have the 2nd best ALL-TIME winning percentage in NBA history with a .604 mark, or 60.4%. Boston is third at .595.   San Antonio may not have the most titles, and may not have the appeal that many other teams have, but they have ONE HELLUVA storied franchise, and considering they're 2nd only to the Lakers in all-time wins, they definitely don't get the respect they deserve. As if that's not enough, they've accomplished all that despite being a small-market team. So call 'em what you want, and say what you want. Their track record speaks for itself, and the numbers don't lie. The Spurs are the best kept secret in the NBA, bar none! Go silver and black!
NOVABuffalo::great post
-mando-::I love facts :)
-mando-::lol.   Eric, I don't understand why you are so upset.  You should get some sleep man.
spursfan766::The spurs have a better chance of winning, than the team they just played...
Eric18986::you must be the few percent who thinks Spurs will win it all if you are then jesus christ you are dumb
Eric18986::spurs are trash pistons just suck right now.maybe Ilitch will buy this $@%! team and do something with it
spursfan766::Like how the possibility of the "franchise" being turned around is by have another billionaire buy it and THEN things will get going
-mando-::LOL.  OK guy.
Eric18986::we need to kick out monroe,maxiell,daye,villanueva,stukey.if that hurts people that is delusional you can keep monroe and maxiell for subs but their not starters.
Eric18986::Fire this coach i dunno his name frank i guess its time for this no name guy to get the boot.we need a coach who is big time if they feel like they need a small time guy then go with Lambeer
Eric18986::at least he's a big man coach understands defense
Eric18986::we need Billups back then apologize to RIP so he will come back.And are so called starters go to the bench were they belong
Spursdc::garbage
Stryka55::seriously...not one news headline about the spurs winning 8 in a row...they have some asian guy instead
GMEN2012Champs::Under the radar...that's how the Spurs roll.
Julian_h_Lyon::That's not exactly news ESPN would wanna talk about. I saw jack about Kobe's divorce earlier this year. Then again, they sure covered Tiger's bs in 09...
spursfan766::weird... they cover tiger and 2nd big ben accusation, but no kobe divorce, or tony parker, who chooses what scandals espn covers
spursfan766::No pub was given to Spurs last year, when TP was getting a divorce after having an ALLEGED affair with Brent Barry's wife as the reason for the divorce, so yea, no pub will be given to them
Julian_h_Lyon::Nah, when they eventually beat the Clips in LA they'll talk about it. They can ignore a single-digit win streak but when it hits double digits (and against the most publicized team in the NBA this year), they'll have to talk about it.
Stryka55::haha...even if the streak hits 10 there won't be any news
Spursdc::beating Detroit is not uncommon
sethbball20::Well good game Spurs fans. It's hard not to get on the refs when your team is the under-dog and has to play a lot harder than the opponent night in and night out to win, so cut us some slack. We just want the Pistons to win again. Good luck rest of the season.
etomai::respect, seth, and good luck to you as well
Spursdc::they will need it
Chompster777::yall too
sethbball20::We love you Big Ben!
Julian_h_Lyon::Nah, don't worry, Spurs fan remember too. Pistons are a well-respected team around satown.
Eric18986::shame 4 year Defensive player of the year shut down shaq to win 04
Eric18986::only Pistons fans will remember
Eric18986::He's another good hard working player who wont get the recognition he is do because pistons suck
a_tizzy::If I could retire at 37....
Chompster777::Any pistons fans still mad about 2005?
spursfan766::lakers-celtics.. a couple of years ago
Chompster777::when was the last time a finals series went to 7 games besides spurs-pistons?
spursfan766::Yea!! series changer!!! Not the whole reason though... Still won game 6, coulda won game 7, but someone will blame the refs
bamberg1977::Spursfan766 -   Yes. It was the game winner and the Pistons would have been up 3-2 going back home had they won it.
spursfan766::no!!! not going back home... game 6 and 7 were in s.a.
bamberg1977::Not really, although I thought manu and tori's flopping was crucial to the Spurs success,  it really came down to Sheed being the idiot and leaving Horry open inexplicably.
a_tizzy::u blame him for 1 shot in one play in one game of a 7 game series which was easily a series changer since it was game 5. By the way, I still love sheed, and I miss him dearly
spursfan766::Blaming one player for one play, in a 7 game series? Really? Thats why pistons fans aren't being taking seriously right now
a_tizzy::I was at that game, it stung like a $@%!$@%!$@%!
spursfan766::The ones that are blaming the refs for tonight's loss are.
Savageman24::Pistons fans: Save your breath. You are talking to Spurs fans that would have been complaining about the refs had they blown the lead and lost the game. They think Pop invented basketball and the Spurs were the 1st team assembled.
davisks::I believe you are right...now that we both know what I think,  you can back to being a clipper fan!!
etomai::Yeah, when you expect to win and blow a lead, you get mad at your team.  When they give you hope and the door gets slammed, it's easier to look at the refs.
Julian_h_Lyon::This was a loss either way, they choked down the stretch. Wouldn't have blamed the refs one bit for this loss had it happened.
spursfan766::Umm no.... Spurs wouldn't be blaming the refs, they'd be you know, mad at the spurs. Silly concept right?
Eric18986::this situation isnt the same as Michigan Wolverines bad season or tigers sucked.Even the Lions going 0-16 is not on this level.
Eric18986::We got a crusty chris webber with a goofy shot where was he when he was young.Then we gave the MR. BIG SHOT (BILLUPS) away for a crusty Iverson.lol we fail to scout college basketball players hint carmello go's to denver and we get a tall white guy who gets payed to get dunked on btw i forgot his name cuz he is trash
Eric18986::Folks the Pistons were awesome and pour management destroyed are franchise
Eric18986::F U GINGER do all of a favor a slice open your wrist and hang yourself in a corner with your whitey tighties
Spursdc::power/poor
Brian_Scalabrin3::Pour? Somebody's collecting those welfare checks
bamberg1977::If Lawrence Frank says calls Ben Wallace "Body" in the post game one more time, he'll break 100.
a_tizzy::lmao!
Nonchalant Ag::20-9 &gt; 8-22
javelina888::Wont do much? I'm sorry but I have always admitted the Spurs are too old and need new players.  But this year Timmy and Tony are playing better than in recent years and tony might be playing his best ball ever.  Our Young players are even better than half your team.  Green Tiago Anderson and Leonard are doing work when they go in.  You have no idea what your talking about.  Your just talking crap because of the fouls.  He might have flopped so what it happens in every NBA game. Get over it
spursfan766::Yea draft picks that'll leave...
spursfan766::Did I say they are? Stupid @$5... Just said, they'll leave.... Don't assume anything...
Brian_Scalabrin3::Yeah because San Antonio is New York or Los Angeles...
a_tizzy::at least they have the possibility of dying
Brian_Scalabrin3::To do what? Nothing? At least the Pistons are stocking up draft picks who will serve them well for the future. The Spurs are over with, you're just in denial. Duncan is about to retire, and the other 2 won't do much
spursfan766::At least they have a possibility of making the postseason
javelina888::At least they have a chance of making the postseason
Brian_Scalabrin3::What's your point? The Spurs aren't going to do anything in the post-season
drewg1984::You win at math
bballfan6767::Still mad about 05 lol? You guys do know this would not have made up for that right?
spursfan766::Yea and spurs fans are delusional.... Pistons fans think pistons should go 82-0 every season(except for this one) but the refs are just bad.. thats it
bamberg1977::No, that was far worse. Pistons took like 100 less FTs in that series, yet took more shots in the paint and shot a much higher percentage.   But we dont need to worry about the Spurs flopping their way to another championship anymore.
spursfan766::No... it's the refs fault... Always the refs fault when the spurs beat the pistons
Eric18986::MY BELOVED PISTONS you guys suck balls
Spursdc::eric is keeping it real
Herboskirbo::no one deserves to wear your jersey
Eric18986::MONROE SUCKS BALLS he dont deserve to were our jersey what a bumb
sethbball20::He's averaging a double-double, I don't see what's so bad about that.
triggahappy74::3 yrs? More like 5 or 7 yrs. Spurs Nation
tui0jst31::What happened to Monroe ?
Eric18986::Prince,Knight,Gordon i pitty these three for playing here and that hurts to say
sethbball20::I think Knight and Monroe are the building blocks for this franchise.
Eric18986::i love Knight and Prince and Gordon and that is it
sethbball20::Why don't you like Knight?
sethbball20::Be patient. They played well tonight, but you are probably not dedicated enough to watch through the tough times. Don't come back in 3 years when Detroit is a top half Eastern Conference team. Their young talent is developing.
sethbball20::Ok, I was just assuming you were one of those fair-weather fans. I respect you if you are dedicated. It almost gives you a good sense of accomplishment when you go through the hard times, then it all turns around and they start winning. That's what I love about sports.
Eric18986::i was pulling for Blue when they got their face kicked by APP ST
Eric18986::dude i watch tigers when they sucked dont pull that crap
Spursdc::The record never matters. It's always about matchups and playing well
drewg1984::Forget Jeremy Lin. Youre going to see Ben Wallace's 3 all over Sportscenter.
NOVABuffalo::These Pistons fans are like Lakers fans, it's always something.  Out and enjoy the lottery.
sethbball20::I was worried someone had a gun in the stands a couple times there. Manu went down a couple times like he had been shot.
Spursdc::fans come from all around jagoff
spursfan766::Tell that to the 2004 Pacers... Hick!!!!
spursfan766::Well they're in detroit .. I'd be worried someone had a gun in there
Brian_Scalabrin3::Auburn Hills is a suburb about 30 miles away from Detroit. Good job hick
jared575757::bamberg1977    The Pistons could have won if there werent 5 bad calls against them the last 2 mins too.  ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,   they could of won, if they didnt shoot, 23 percent from the 3 point line, or give up 14 fast break points
bamberg1977::I'll tell it like it is.   Duncan got hurt on a residual elbow after a non-call. And the Pop got in their ear and the Refs steamrolled the Pistons. Thats what happened.
jared575757::not even a spurs fan, but you just sound like a sore loser, and if you think the refs had anything to do with this game, your tin foil hat is on too tight
bamberg1977::You're right. Then they would have won despite the refs best efforts. Whats your point?
spursfan766::After every time the spurs have beat the pistons (a lot mind you) PIstons fans always talk crude about the refs.... Maybe it's not the refs, maybe it's your sorry @$&amp; team... Friggin loser crybabies.. I respect the pistons franchise, it's whiny fan base, not at all
spursfan766::Ea and Ben Wallace fouling TD and elbowing him in the face without a foul call.or was that nit in the last 2:30 you short term memory blind homers
spursfan766::Wah!!!!!!! 99-95,..... I watch the WHOLE game BTW, not just the last 2:30..... Wah!!!!!
spursfan766::You blaming the refs makes you an idiot
CheerstoLilWayne::just by saying WAHHH!!! ...let's everyone know that you think the refs were right...which makes you an idiot
drewg1984::We'll look forward to you in three years when all you have left is Splitter and Leonard and old $@% Ginobili while our young talents will all be developed.
spursfan766::Don't forget parker
Nonchalant Ag::Would y'all stop crying about him crying about y'all crying about the refs.
bamberg1977::Do you want to watch the last 2:30 and do a play by play and please explain then how its NOT ABOUT THE REFS.
spursfan766::Yeah can't forget about the foul that Ben pulled on TD with an elbow in the face, with out a foul call.
CheerstoLilWayne::yeah and the 10 on Detroit?
CheerstoLilWayne::yes but he has what's called "blinders" on. He doesn't care that his team had to have the refs hand him the win. He sees Ginoblis flops as the right call, he doesn't think that Tim Duncan hitting Gordon's wrist was a foul though...
NOVABuffalo::like the two fouls on the Spurs
sethbball20::Stop crying about us crying you friggin loser crybaby.
bamberg1977::Stuckey would be a really good player if he didnt have the worst touch around the rim of any guard in the NBA. Its not even close.
drewg1984::Cool story, bruh
sethbball20::Big Ben Wallace still has it
Detroit Nation::Ben Wallace = TANK
NORTHPHILLY420::Anybody here watch the game? Did Monroe get hurt?
drewg1984::You think we're joking but we're not
NORTHPHILLY420::thats amazing ben wallace should grow the fro back out
bamberg1977::Ben Wallace was playing better.
NORTHPHILLY420::lol thanks lol ben wallace
drewg1984::No. Ben Wallace was shooting lights out so they stuck with that. Now be gone.
ahmad751::Piston fans complaining about refs but maybe if you made your free throws than you could of won. 14 of 25 ya and this is the 6th ranked free throw percentage team
bamberg1977::The Pistons could have won if there werent 5 bad calls against them the last 2 mins too.
CheerstoLilWayne::most of those were by Wallace
h2thebern::flop harder bro and you might hit  the ground so hard you can see Jeremy Lin's family
CheerstoLilWayne::AHAHAHAHA This comment is pure WIN!
h2thebern::all i gotta say is Manu Ginobli should be the MFP....Most Floppable Player....good job
CheerstoLilWayne::GO RED WINGS!!!! Spurs still have a long way to go to be like the Wings #consistency
FrankPistachio211::I've never felt so deflated after a win.
Spursdc::Really? Remember, you expected the Spurs to lose against Phi. So the Spurs owe you one
bamberg1977::There wasnt a single good call in the last 2:30 and every single one went against Detroit.
NOVABuffalo::you guys are just crybabies
CheerstoLilWayne::you're just a homer...Duncan could punch someone in the face and you'd say the other guy should get the foul because his face got in the way of Duncan's fist...no one takes your OPINIONS seriously...only other Spurs fans.
NOVABuffalo::diaper change?
sethbball20::For very good reason
sethbball20::Yeah they work that hard to get back in it, and the refs fall for Manu's flop. And BG gets fouled on the wrist (why else would he air ball it?), and doesn't get called. That's 2 games we've had stolen by officials, Miami and now this one.
NOVABuffalo::yep especially the two fouls called on the Spurs ....
CheerstoLilWayne::yeah...12 of those came from our two worst free throw shooters...try again
NOVABuffalo::Tried that, but when folks attempt to point out Pistons missed FTs, just more crying
CheerstoLilWayne::what does calling someone a crybaby prove? Oh wait...it's because you can't defend your team with logical statements because you know the refs handed you the game...tool.
NOVABuffalo::see below crybaby
CheerstoLilWayne::what about the other 10 that went against Detroit for flops?
Spursdc::i liked your comment
sethbball20::People ask us Piston fans why we love Ben Wallace so much. That's why.
DilyDodle::I though it was your mutual affection for RC cars.
NOVABuffalo::Spurs sweep the season series, still haven't lost on rodeo trip.  Very unexpected.
sethbball20::Good game. Much better showing from Detroit tonight after the Washington game. I loved the effort they gave against a very good San Antonio team. Young talent is looking good, I think this team is building. They have to learn to win close games down the stretch though. They had Miami on the ropes, as well as San Antonio tonight, but just couldn't pull them off. I think half of the problem is the refs, with Lebron getting every call driving to the hoop and Manu flopping all over the place like he's been shot, but we already know the NBA refs suck like that, it's just something you have to play through.
anthonypizzola::GREG??
pippickdaddy::20 minutes ago and every 2 minutes since...
pippickdaddy::this was asked 20 minutes ago. nobody knows for sure. probably nothing serious
Savageman24::According to Spurs lore, Spurs win championships in odd numbered years. Nothing happening again this year (2012).
CheerstoLilWayne::you forgot 2009 and 2011
Savageman24::Spurs didn't win (haven't won since 2007).
NOVABuffalo::Spurs about a 12-1 shot, about what Mavs were last year.
caneskid2::wtf happened to monroe??? no one answers
Spursdc::he sucked
caneskid2::pretty sure he got hurt
a_tizzy::i wish i knew, i think it has to do with Big Ben being his career breaking night
DilyDodle::Really? Coach benched him cause Wallace hits three shots? That's some bad coaching.
NOVABuffalo::Losers talk refs, winners look at the scoreboard.
CheerstoLilWayne::homers think that Ginobli didn't flop and that those calls were fair. People with intelligence actually see what happened.
NOVABuffalo::3 rings and multiple all-star disagrees with you
