Marcleen Bavogui::sacking hollins for this what dumb move... best record in franchise history, WCF and u sack the dude bunch of idiots
Sportsbettingstar.com::The Golden State Warriors got off to a rough start on their road trip and don’t figure to turn things around against an opponent that has given them plenty of trouble. The Warriors will look to snap an 11-game losing streak in the series when they visit the Memphis Grizzlies on Saturday. Golden State could be catching Memphis at the right time, as the Grizzlies are losers of five of their last six home games and were crushed by the Los Angeles Clippers on Thursday.The Warriors and the Grizzlies are both dealing with an injury to a key player and Golden State is falling into a pattern of slow starts without Andre Iguodala on the floor. Take the Grizz tonight as the slight 1 point favs
Paul Lee::You forgot to mention that GSW is on the second consecutive day of a back-to-back.
Hayden Williams::You forgot to mention that Ed Davis and Tony Allen are on the bench and Z-Bo is still hobbled.
Graham Horobetz::Calathes can pass, however, he has no offensive ability whatsoever, teams pick up on this. He can't even make free throws consistently. That air ball on the wide open 3 shows it. He isn't a sufficient back up for Conley. Jerryd is having it tough, still giving effort on defense though. Frustration though on Conley's face after all the missed shots (by him and his teammates). Marc proving just how important he is to the team and how Zach and his game feed off one another. Injuries are killing us though and it's hard to find any bright spots right now.
John Osaki Jr.::Great win for the Warriors! Big-time Warriors fans, checkout Warriors legends Chris Mullin and Rick Barry in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time of All-Time on Amazon.com
James Allen::Hey everyone, wake up and see the big picture.  We have a coach who is lost.  This team is better than last year but the record does not show it.  I know Marc is out but this team was losing when he was playing.  The owner does not want to win. His long term plan is to move the team.
Greg Bosgraaf::Last year we were lucky enough to avoid the injury bug. It looks like this year we are making up for lost time with the bug. I hope we can steal home games like this, but it'll be tough. It looks like that winning streak against the Dubs will probably come to an end tomorrow night.
Hayden Williams::Hopefully weather won't be an issue here, and I know we have won 12 straight vs GSW, but they're still a really good team. Hoping we get Tony and Ed back though.
Latifah Akins::tony allen is out i heard
Melissa Ocic::Bay less 0-11 does he get paid?? Maybe by warriors pathetic effort for a pro
Joseph Barton::When does Marc come back? we are pretty horrible without him
Greg Bosgraaf::I wouldn't expect him back before 2014.
Melissa Ocic::Memphis never be a contender Eva bunch of non scoring hacks
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::who cares.. did u bet on them ? or something cuz if u did then pls dont bet again.
Melissa Ocic::No just horrible to watch a disgrace never bet memphis
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::grizz offensively challenge monkeys
Matt Elmore::Why did they fire Hollins again? I'm kinda confused
Melissa Ocic::Bayless 0-9 keep shooting pidgeon
Jack Van Der Horst::We are smashing! Really need this win
GianFranco DeZola::Who is out on the Grizz for this game..??
Dorothy Herrion::I know we can win this game.We got faith.
