Kev_010::what the hell is wrong with the raptors they're not that bad of a team. they have a solid roster and they suck.
tankarmystrong::No need to rush Billups back ! ... give him til Jan.
Clippersfresh.::.
jess1968inAZ::Using this betting system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made 3k a month for the past 3 months now. If you google sports betting systems you can find out how this system works. If you bet at all on sports you will make money using these systems.
snguyen1965::Ive been using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar the past few months. Im making around 2-3K a month profits using this system. If you search google for sports betting system you will find it there. If you like to bet on sports you have to check this system out.
crabbymacintosh::I would kill to see what Bledsoe could do with starters minutes. Dude is an absolute freak.
Kobelies247::CLips starters didnt even play 30min! Thats amazing
ArtieSullivan::CLIPPERS Bench &gt; Lakers Starters    Fact
Boltman021::The rest that these starters continue to get is going to be huge down the road. Bench is doing a phenomenal job so far.
Aaron4123::The Lakers have only won 5 more games than the Raptors
TireBiterUSC::or the Lakers have won 125% more games than the Raptors
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::if phil jackso were to coach the clippers in home games and del negro on the road,that would be a ring
mkyyz::test
joshuaizme::I feel bad for the Raptors. They deserve to have a playoff season.
n88nick06::no they don't.  they suck $@%.
Society619::14-6 &gt; 9-12
BarrelRider04::Clips back on a roll. Not a coincidence that they started their current 6 game win streak when Chauncey came back. Hopefully, we can get him back to. Clips hopefully learned not to get too overconfident and cocky against the sub .500 teams. Upcoming road trip should reveal some key questions about them...
smokeysaj::Del Negro is such a bum coach, guy is always sitting on the bench not saying anything like he's trying not to get noticed.
rogerzcard::can we please have caron, odom, barnes and turiaf back?  -Jim Bus
19brom::minnesota kittens $@%!$@%!$ is a fuckking loser, go back yo your timberwolf board you fuckking loser!
megdali::Lol Kyle Lowry out rebounded Jonas and bargani combined loooool
Crazy_ducky::Have never seem any more overated players than CP3....
1Realthing::He's just trolling
Jthizz69::too bad his 26 PER and career PER above 25 would disagree.
Agent_Avilaz::10 4th quarter points. Clippers can play d but that's pathetic.
JohndoMEnow1::http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&amp;item=181041287771&amp;ssPageName=ADME:L:LCA:US:1123
Agent_Avilaz::those look ugly as hell
hamel89::what is this, the 11th or 12th loss of the season for the Raptors where they blew a 2nd half lead? Embarrassing. Hopefully they get healthy by the time they finally get some home games so that they can at least try to salvage something. This year's draft is ice thin.
mksatx::Seriously Clippers off to good start this year.  Nice. hope everyone stays healthy.
mksatx::lakers should sign old man and Chumly.
mksatx::Lakers bandwagon has flat tires and dantoni driving
Texans_Knicks_2008::Chris Paul is having a terrible season...
witelightnin::he's only playing 33 mpg, averaging 16 points and 9+ assists per game.  I'd say he's doing just fine.
LACLIPPERSFANSINCE1994::Clippers are LA's real team.
adonley77::lol
mugupo::Last Friday when Blake Griffin show up in the Auto Show the line to see him was like over 1000 peoples.
DR HORSE 1::this raptor team is pathetic
TIJISPAPAW::Could someone else check the boxscore and look at the 4th quarter play-by-play and see if you come up with 11 points for the Raptors instead of 10. Look at the boxscore for Amir Johnson, it says he was 3-4 at the foul line, but if you look at the 4th quarter play-by-play you will see he went 4 for 4 at the free throw line which means the actual final should be 102-84.
Jthizz69::and that changes the outcome completely, I'll have Chris Broussard check with his sources.
ArtieSullivan::LOB CITY BENCH &gt; LAKERS  Fact
toronto-vigilante3::t.o.rap Fire coach Casey..... 14 Minutes Ago ______________________________ toronto-vigilante3 Nope, time to fire Colangelo...    You had Mitchell who won coach of the year, and then he gets fired? Sorry, a coach doesn't forget how to coach...the players quit on him.    Triano? Poor players that refused to play defense....and rebound.    Casey....? Doesn't have the talent to field an average NBA team.    Who has sat quietly and is not being talked about by the media and has been given a free pass: Colangelo.    Time for him to get out of town as we bring in some new management.
Fright Coward 12::<b>LA is a Clipper town.</b>
adonley77::hahahaha this is the funniest thing ive ever heard. and new york its a mets town
runukraine::I'd rather have them stick around to witness their own eclipse
Jthizz69::Lakers should gtf back to minneapolis amirite?
Fright Coward 12::<b>I wouldn't wish that trash team on Minneapolis or any other city.</b>
NIGHT-NIGHT-PACMAN22::i bought a raptors jersey just bc i like the raptor on the front of it.
Infinite5ammy::Have the Laker-heads chimed in yet? You know, the clowns who think they need to come to every Clippers board and tell the Clippers fans that their team's good start doesn't really mean anything? The ones who get legitimately angry when someone other than a Laker fan is proud of his team? The ones who insist that the Lakers are actually the best team in the league, in spite of their losing record?  Have those idiots been here yet?
mksatx::they probably busy hooking their illegal cable in the alley right now
t.o.rap::lakers would be 13-7 if howard was shooting 70% from the line
t.o.rap::Learn how to shoot a freethrow Howard.....My 12 year old niece shoots 80% from the line...
t.o.rap::Ok why is everyone in L.A calling for gasols head? The only reason lakers have a losing record is that Howard is shooting 47% from the line.
runukraine::Lakers have more issues than just Howard's free-throw shooting
Kingkanyon12::LOL,Rondo couldn't shoot a dead deer.
Jthizz69::ya what ukraine said. actually the only trolls for this game were boston trolls spamming that Rondo is better than CP3
runukraine::These early games seem to confuse the trolls
t.o.rap::Fire coach Casey.....
hamel89::I don't know what happened to that defensive improvement from last season... now it's all gone
t.o.rap::Ya maybe fire Colangelo......Casey was hired as a defensive coach and we are the worst defensive team in the nba.....He is clueless on offence..He makes very poor coaching calls in the forth 1/4
toronto-vigilante3::Nope, time to fire Colangelo...  You had Mitchell who won coach of the year, and then he gets fired? Sorry, a coach doesn't forget how to coach...the players quit on him.  Triano? Poor players that refused to play defense....and rebound.  Casey....? Doesn't have the talent to field an average NBA team.  Who has sat quietly and is not being talked about by the media and has been given a free pass: Colangelo.  Time for him to get out of town as we bring in some new management.
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::clippers  need  to  beat  effecient  on  the  road,bulls  are  on  a  roll,might  be really tuff  in  chicago hope  the  clippers   can  keep  their  compusure  and  focus  on  this  game
Kingkanyon12::Their playing in Chicago, so they'll be focused... easy win, but I hope it's close, that way BG can get another 30+, because the only people stopping him right now! is that Clippers bench, or the Tribe Called Bench JA  is trying to force upon us.
sunny6jay::clippers bench won the 4th Q wow starters didn't even have to play in the 4th and the game was tied at the end of third wow not like it was garbage time dam clippers team is good
JWEF25::wow, raptors have no clue how to play in the 4th. so embarrassing
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::juan manuel  marquez&gt;raptors
TylerMontreal::nba = thugs, punks, and clowns
Kingkanyon12::Yeah, I like that, better than Sleeping through a boring baseball &amp; football game, Baseball is as slow as my grandma, and football is full of untouchable ballerina's in tights, the no hit league, because you can't touch anybody without getting a flag now!.   But yeah why bother posting here.
TylerMontreal::'cause i'm paying to watch this star-driven, reputation-call, garbage league every month
FadeBackShoot2Points::well stop paying to watch it idiot..nobody's forcing you to watch it, the NBA will be just fine without you..they'll still pull in their 5 billion dollars
FadeBackShoot2Points::it's always some tough guy on here..I bet you feel safe behind your computer saying that huh, it seems like your the clown.
runukraine::Why even bother posting here?
minnesota white kittens and 1 beige cripple feet::canada stinks! how can you only score 10 points in 4th quarter? fire toronto from the nba!
t.o.rap::minnesota sucks
minnesota white kittens and 1 beige cripple feet::ret@rd, do you think that i give a damn about minnesota? lmao. the name actually is to insult minnesota!
minnesota white kittens and 1 beige cripple feet::maybe mexico can have a team now, instead of canada!!!
t.o.rap::Ur from Minnesota...U.S.a.....what a great place to live....lol...not
t.o.rap::Canada is awesome...the raptors stink.....
toronto-vigilante3::Agreed.
toronto-vigilante3::Wow, I'd hate to hear how you guys feel about Washington....?  :)
minnesota white kittens and 1 beige cripple feet::who fu-.kin cares, take them both out of the league for that matter! they both stink @$$!
toronto-vigilante3::minnesota white kittens and 1 beige cripple feet - they won against defending champion miami so try again! __________________________  Their record is still worse off than the Raptors.....nice try.  Any team can get up for one big win in a season at home.
minnesota white kittens and 1 beige cripple feet::they won against defending champion miami so try again!
CollegeF0otballisbetter::what was the 2nd half O/U on this game?
Russle021::dont know but surely it went under
CraptorsFan91::The Raptors have had horrible 4th quarters for a long time, no consistent offensive threat to hit with the ball = scoring 7 points in 10 minutes of 4th quarter play.  More intriguing though, the play of the Clippers bench, really puts the starters to shame. And with Bledsoe, hes a backup, don't jump on the bandwagon too fast... The Clippers have a stacked team with Chris Paul starting, i would imagine it would be fairly easy to be a backup knowing Chris Paul can come in any time you mess up, absolutely no pressure. More minutes for Bledsoe means less for Paul, more minutes at another position means less for anyone else.   And the game was not fixed, too many fools betting the spread on the Raptors... it really isn't the way to go unless you have some extra money to waste. In defense of the Raptors though, not many eastern conference teams of their caliber could do any better with a road schedule that harsh.
Jthizz69::I like most of what you said but give more credit to the clippers bench and less credit to the raptors bad offense.  This game played out EXACTLY like yesterday's day game, people just have to admit that the Clippers don't come out until the 4th quarter against sub-.500 teams. Oh and our bench mob is deadly.
n88nick06::Dude it's because the Raptors suck.  Good teams have good players that finish games.  Raptors don't have good players, those dudes are summer league players that run up and down the court shooting 3's all day.  And when good teams stop playing around and get serious, the game is over.
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::TRADE BARGS
champion7876::Raptors are not horrible , its all about fixed games here, put your money on a close game for toronto in the next one
n88nick06::Man shut up already, Raptors are terrible
FSoccer::lol
Panasak::bu,,,,,,,,,toroto 10poin
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::BARGs SUCKS BALL
