xxstickyrice::$@%! are very nice in the mornin
xxstickyrice::t.i.t.S.
luvnbayes::Gary Neal doesn't have point guard skills, is poor defensively, and sometimes forces up shots.  But man, can he make baskets.  His floater is even better than Parker's.
Foghorn HookemHorns::Spurs were 12-8 going into the Dallas game Jan 29th. They lost it to go 12-9.  Pop sat all the starters for nearly the entire second half (and Spurs bench almost brought them back, losing by 1 point in overtime).  Since then, the Spurs are 33-7. Pop is the coach of the year just based on that move. Even when the reserves brought them back, Pop didn't insert the starters. He was coaching, teaching and turning the entire team and the season around.  The dude is nails. Best coach in the game.
luvnbayes::thanks for that info.  I remember the very next game after that Dallas lost.  The team just played awesome.  And then at the trade deadline we got even that much better by getting Jax and Diaw, and getting rid of Jefferson.  Three positive moves.  If this could be the roster for next season I would take it in a heartbeat.
Foghorn HookemHorns::Spurs just took out the whole state of California, north to south and back up again.  Almost embarrassed every sports team there...lucky they didn't play the Clippers, Angels, Padres, Giants, Raiders or Chargers...probably would've demolished them as well.
Raidersyeahthatsright::Raiders would hold their own!!
wizardofthewestoffense::49ers vs. Spurs would be pretty entertaining though.
luvnbayes::What does Manu's health mean to the team?  How about everything.  When Ginobili went down last year in Phoenix, coach Gregg Popovich says, “Everybody knew it was over.”
phunky58::isaiah thomas outplaying tony parker, love that kid,     great  draft pick.  i would of had him in the first round if i were drafting   along with mccamey who didnt get drafted
Raidersyeahthatsright::Ever consider that  PG should be setting up his teammates as much himself, not more? W's are what matters, Kings (and maybe you) may learn that someday.
Nonchalant Ag::Out playing? Are you serious?
JBurhenn253::neat, we said IT over tony parker not kings over spurs. we werent arguing who the better team was.
machine260292::parker 2-0
JBurhenn253::Yes! Are you?
Rhubarbjackson::I'd take a Win over stats any day.
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::So IT about double the points, Parker double the rebounds, I'll take the 24 more points tyvm.
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::Over the two games: IT:  49 points, 6 rebounds, 18 assists, 4 TOs Parker:  25 points, 12 rebounds, 18 assists, 3 TOs
Foghorn HookemHorns::Let a Kings fan have their little victory (however dubious it is).  Spurs win by 25, get closer to winning the West, and look like the best team in the NBA right now.
Foghorn HookemHorns::Damn I wish the playoffs started tomorrow (or four days ago).  Spurs would be rolling through anyone right now. Gotta keep it up.
scoot tre::Anybody notice the difference that Diaw made on defense against LA?  Duncan contained Bynum after the first and Gasol didn't want to bang bodies against a rotund Diaw.
luvnbayes::Absolutely!  The biggest thing to come out of that game was that Blair DID NOT PLAY.  What I have preaching for ever since we got Diaw.  Diaw was a starting center for a few years, for crying out loud.  He knows how to defend the post.  Blair is clueless at that, as Zach Randolph, Luis Scola, and others can attest to.  Blair turns everyone he guards into Karl Malone.
joemcleod83::The Main difference between last years Spurs team and this years other then the obvious personnel changes is the fact that this years team is ending the season on a tear.  Last years team ending the year in a funk and never got over it, 4-8 in there last 12 regular season games. This years team is on a tear, and looking better then ever.  No team The Spurs are likely to face in the first round (Denver, Dallas, Utah, Phoenix, Houston) have a shot in hell of beating them in a seven game series(barring injury of course).
Foghorn HookemHorns::This is exactly right!  I remember watching the tail end of the season and even before Manu got hurt, they just looked like they lost the momentum and weren't playing well at all.  They were ripe for an upset.
pimpn5707::It amazes me how you Spur Haters can come up with any little excuse to down them. We know LA is good, but so is SA!!! Lakers beat them soundly in San Antonio. But, SA responded, and has RIPPED every team they have faced, including LA! Friday night we will see how the Lakers respond to the dismantling SA put on them in Los Angeles. This Spur team is Good and DEEP! They have 10 players that would start on any other team. It's ridiculous how people get on here and bash the Spurs. Face it, they are a very good team, and have positioned themselves to make a run at the Title, this year!!!
ZRated77::Although a Thunder fan...I have to say that the Spurs have a killer momentum that's going to be tough to match up to. But, like any team that's rolling good...there is going to be a loss somewhere the haters need so they can "talk basketball"...   Thunder-Clippers game made me sick to my stomach.... Thunder is still a solid team..but I just can't figure out what caused the complete break-down in second half... It looked like a give-up game which is scary for post-season.  Spurs I think can win out their schedule...but offensive teams can break down in a quarter at any time if they get the jumble. Bounce back games are a lot harder to get in post-season...
ImOldschool1964::Lakers, like their fans, are a HUGE joke.
k22976::Splitter is such an awesome name!
thenbatmm::is this cute? please support my brother for PROM contest! how was YOUR PROM??  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jW2rmEX5nLM
ImOldschool1964::this is absolutely precious
WeAreTheMIB::B2B2B BLOWOUTS!!!!!  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
longhornsin2012::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching  the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works because this system has really helped me to start winning finally
longhornsin2012::We gonna roll in 2012-2013!
lawdawg93::Sic' Em Bears!
imsoobjective::HOOK EM HORNS!
Rudy_rush20::Kawhi &gt; Kobe
potter the rotter::Wow, this board has degenerated. Doo doo and pubic hairs? Really?
imsoobjective::poop
HangTime7_7::Kawhi &lt; Kobe's doo doo
HangTime7_7::Every accomplishment in Kawhi's career up until now and in the future &lt; a single shot attempt on an off night from Kobe
Rudy_rush20::Kawhi pubic hair &gt; kobe
bballfan6767::I need to know what other teams you people root for! Like 4 posts down. I'm hoping there are at least some Cowboys fans here right? We agree on that.
ZRated77::Live in OKC and a ton of Cowboys fans here obviously.... I was born and raised 2 blocks from the Bucs in TB.... I think I am the only Bucs fan in the state... I was in Afghanistan when Bucs won the Super Bowl (figures)... Asked ESPN if I could somehow buy the season on DVD...They sent me a Jersey, Hat, Football, DVD of recorded games and a Thank You for your service letter... That's my story... TB making me angry since 2001 heh.
HEELTARWARRIOR::GO DALLAS! Tough schedule this year though :/
ImOldschool1964::Cowboys have been singlehandedly destroyed by that ego-maniacal a-hole Jerry Jones
imsoobjective::cowboys fan here
mdupnic09::only professional sports i watch is the NBA and international football, my dad like the cowboys though
remember_when_i_long_diked_you::did you know only celtics lakers and bulls have more rings than Tim Duncans Spurs?
HangTime7_7::Watch out Spurs, the 8 seed is coming for ya again
guerat1378::What do you mean their style can't win? You ever hear of a team called showtime? Did you just start watching the nba this millenium?
imsoobjective::so you think the Spurs have locked down the one seed? yeah probably
HangTime7_7::sure.. keep telling yourselves that. look the same to me. a new age version of the Suns
TechnicalFoul2::you are just repeating what was posted on ESPN yesterday.....by that logic the Lakers would be swept this year as last's,and noone believes that would happen. It is SOOOOOOOO obvious that you don't know much about the Spurs
txbball15::dude what are you smoking on? lol clearly your just a laker bandwagoner
HangTime7_7::yeah, we'll find out soon enough. Parker has been playing out of his mind so he should be a worry to the Lakers. playoffs are just around the corner should be an exciting postseason. all jokes aside it'll be a crazy series if we do meet. anyway, off to watch Survivor and hit the hay. nice chatting on a more serious note lol.
mdupnic09::who do you think pose the biggest problems for the lakers?
mdupnic09::the spurs have length in splitter and duncan, bynum is just too strong for either of them to guard. then again i still think bynum is immature and doesnt play up to his potential  most nights. he would be scary if he could bring it consistantly
HangTime7_7::true. it would be a tight series. Depends which style overcomes the other. If the Spurs can exploit the pick n roll in 4 games they'll take it. If the Lakers can exploit their size in 4 games then they will. I actually hope they meet because it'll be a fun series to watch.
mdupnic09::honestly im not worried about memphis and bynum is the only post player for the lakers that worries me.
HangTime7_7::I just think that the size of Memphis and the Lakers will be crucial in a series. OKC is kind of a toss up because they are very similar to the Spurs.
mdupnic09::spurs lack a post up game but pick and roll game is one of the tops in the league. it the only reason i think they can slow it down and still be effective
HangTime7_7::Yeah speed ball works better with good D. But, have to be able to slow it down as well.
HangTime7_7::I believe it will be closer too. We shall see. If Kobe plays I'll have to go with the Lakers
HangTime7_7::And to answer your question, I don't think the Spurs can beat OKC, the Lakers, or Memphis in a series. Seriously. I see a second round exit in your near future.
mdupnic09::do you change you opinion if the spurs pull a W out, i expect a close game after the two laughers
mdupnic09::and speed ball has only been shown not to work when a team also doesn't play ay defense. id like to think that although the spurs are no defensive juggernaut theyre better then previous teams that played a similar offensive style
HangTime7_7::See you Friday.. should be entertaining for Lakers fans. Very entertaining indeed. :)
HangTime7_7::They can the problem is they are just not very good at it.   "We can't compete with the size and length of other teams in the half court. So we have to speed it up" or something to that effect  ~Timmy
mdupnic09::just curious, what teams do you think can knock out sa. be realistic
mdupnic09::spurs can slow it down to and play in the half court. there goes your first statement anyways, just for good measure
HangTime7_7::Wrong again. The first sentence has everything to do with the second. It sets the table for my next remark.
mdupnic09::first statement has nothing to do with it. second statement was your doubtful the lakers will see the spurs in the later rounds. they wont because the lakers wont be there.
HangTime7_7::Nope. If you break down my post it is stating that your style of play won't work in the playoffs. The second sentence implies that you won't be there. Setting them up and knocking them down. Better luck next time.
mdupnic09::actually it did, nice try though
HangTime7_7::Nah.. didn't work the way I structured my post. Nice try though
mdupnic09::you probably wont but it wont because the spurs arent there (see what i did there)
HangTime7_7::And remember, speed ball doesn't fly in the playoffs. Doubt we'll even see you guys in the later rounds
HangTime7_7::haha.. good luck with that. Anybody with a little bit of basketball knowledge can see the Lakers are the better team head to head.
txbball15::just wait till the playoffs. they'll run your team out the gym
mdupnic09::even with kobe back, youll need bynum to play as well as he can to have a chance.
mdupnic09::kobe is good, no debating that, but he changes the entire game plan for the lakers. their advantage down low becomes less impactful when he plays
HangTime7_7::Don't even need him to. We'll have the leading scorer in the league back next time we play or in a series.
mdupnic09::that game was an outlier, dont expect it to happen a couple of times in 7 games
HangTime7_7::And don't forget that the Lakers didn't even have the best player on the planet in either game. I'd be worried if I was a Spurs fan. Just sayin
HangTime7_7::Bynum only needs a couple games like that in a 7 game series. Gasol can handle the rest.
mdupnic09::nope just pointing out it was one game and not indicitive of what normally happens
HangTime7_7::doesn't change the fact that Bynum almost out rebounded them in the game before. must have a short memory
mdupnic09::i did, and then i watched BONNER out rebound bynum. whats your point
HangTime7_7::more length? lol.. didn't look that way when Bynum almost single handedly out rebounded the entire team
mdupnic09::except with more length and more defense
mdupnic09::different year different team, and memphis was possibly the best 8th seed ive ever seen
txbball15::the spurs are a WHOLE different team from last year. you're dumb
bballfan6767::Who are the other two people other than you who liked that post? Do you have 3 accounts?
pimpn5707::Key word: LAST SEASON! Are the Mavs playing at the level they were, last year? NO! Come on, man, GET REAL!!! If you dislike the Spurs, just say it, don't try justifying your comment by basing it on last year.  Every since they lost to LA, the Spurs have been on a tear! And, if you know ANYTHING about sports, you should KNOW last year is history! Smh!!!
Hollerationatory::Their style of play this year is completely opposite of last year. So, you're saying neither work? Brilliant.
HangTime7_7::owned.. maybe it's just nobody believes their style of play can get anywhere in a seven game series. that could be it.
HangTime7_7::Already proven you wrong.. here i'll unlike it then like it again
HangTime7_7::Why would I need to like my own post? The Spurs just got knocked out the first round last season. Here.. you want me to like it?
bballfan6767::Spurs fans what baseball team do you root for? I'm a big Cowboys fan, and all those $@%!$@%! root for the Mavs and Rangers. Couldn't be more divided on that one lol
kobe eats duncans for breakfast::I'm not a Spurs fan though
kobe eats duncans for breakfast::^^
Samoscamo::Dislike!
Peaceful DJ Sammyman::I'm a spurs fan  Lakers are the better team. My spurs are round 1 chokers :(
ImOldschool1964::hang 7 is a huge joke.
mdupnic09::bigs are useless if you dont give them the ball
kobe eats duncans for breakfast::Spurs can't match lakers big men. Lakers hitting their stride at the right time
mdupnic09::pg play, bench, coaching
kobe eats duncans for breakfast::Why not?
mdupnic09::why do you think the lakers are a better team
Peaceful DJ Sammyman::yes I am. go sppurs
mdupnic09::youre not a spurs fan. go away please
imsoobjective::lakers sure do like talking about the spurs that board is all spurs talk right now
ImOldschool1964::Lakers fans are scared as hell of the SPURS
WeAreTheMIB::Damn...the Spurs just roared away in the second half.  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
Steveforprez04::The Kings woke up in the 2nd half, realizing that losing games secures better draft picks
WeAreTheMIB::Yup...tankasaurus...
Shawn1807::This is why you must respect the Spurs. Tim finding the magic one last time. check out the video.................    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYeRtPYvZ2M
ImOldschool1964::Awesome video.  TD21 is the greatest!
truetopia::people don't get it, man.. Timmy could've averaged 30pts a game for quite a few seasons but he knew that wasn't how you win rings
Shawn1807::Timmy at his best..........................http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rR6AgYWdoBQ&amp;feature=related
truetopia::not sure what rotations Pop will run the last 5 games, but i think we can win all of them
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Kobe playing Friday???I'll try to watch but I'll be in Vegas so the game will be at 6:30 not 8:30 I don't know how y'all Pacific timers do that s.hit.
imsoobjective::put all your money on SA
TaipeiMort::Kings coach ignores stat lines by playing Tyreke Evans over Jimmer.
PhatmanXL::Jimmer can't defend or handle the rock....anybody wanting him to play over Tyreke is an idiot...Tyreke has been playing the 3 lately and it's been a tough adjustment....teams load up on him to prevent him from driving and dare him to shoot the jumper....he needs to improve there, but is still light years away from Jimmer who has swiss cheese for a game
Rhubarbjackson::LOL Tyreke sucks.  He has no basketball IQ.  Jimmer is miles ahead of him.
TaipeiMort::that is what they should do, or move IT to 2 where he could be the focal point of the offense. He and Jimmer would make sure the team gets a lot more high percentage shots.
truetopia::can Jimmer play the 2, while IT is point?
truetopia::so Thornton and Evans are there also.. hmm, are there too many players for the same spots?? sounds like a trade or two needs to happen...  ??
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::sure, but he won't because Thornton is much better.
sr271982::Did they take  3 POINTER AWAY?/..I COULD OF SWORN THEIR WAS A TOTAL OF 15 THREES
truetopia::man, i don't care what NBA team it was, we won by 25pts.. and TIMMY DIDN'T PLAY!!!  Spurs are rollin'
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::making OKC very nervous, I like that.
ImOldschool1964::OKC is sh.itting their shorts
truetopia::yeah, their fans have got to be anxious right now.. they thought they had a cakewalk a couple weeks ago
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::IT 31 assists, only 3 TOs in the last five games.  Jimmer that, fools.
pismohoops::ok Tuuurd
spur4lever::How many teams have swept all their back to back to back games this season
truetopia::damn skippy
WesTexSpur::Spurs were the only team to do it
L.A.beanbryant::"thats Gregg PopAb!tch to you"-Gregg Popovich
ImOldschool1964::Lakers, like their fans, are a HUGE joke.
truetopia::heck i thought it was a compliment, coming from LA
truetopia::haha!   well, it must be something he likes about the Spurs to be here i sure don't go to Laker boards
lawdawg93::Nothing from LA is a compliment about SA
lawdawg93::Come back with trash talk once you can actually beat us.
pismohoops::Tyreke Evans has to be one of the most overrated players in the NBA
PhatmanXL::Really? Who rates him that highly? His game has been hampered by his inability to develop a jumper. If he can just become a decent shooter from the 3 spot, he will be one of the top small forwards in the west. He's very good at every other area and is a good enough athlete to become a shut down defender with some more seasoning.   The next defender that can handle this kid one-one in the open floor will be the first.
Rhubarbjackson::He sucks.  Makes terrible decisions every time he gets the ball.  He will always be on a losing team because he has no clue how to play the game.  He misses so many layups too.
Shawn1807::This is why you must respect the Spurs. Tim finding the magic one last time. check out the video.................  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYeRtPYvZ2M
truetopia::thank you
The Apologist::Kings are tanking all of these games haha
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::I will be there the day Duncan is put on Mount Rushmore!
truetopia::might be a few more years.. Timmy got a spring in his step!!!
L.A.beanbryant::seriously tho...is Robert Horry hurt still?  Derek Anderson should get more playing time..
truetopia::it shut me up..  lol
L.A.beanbryant::im from louisville i couldnt resist lol
machine260292::liking the DA reference...back when we only had one perimeter scorer lol
--KINGME--1.0::Well I'm  out, GG Spurs. GN all Go kings!
mondoa1a::Spurs winning the title without a doubt, I just hate that we always win on other teams home court. HATE THE 2-3-2.:/
mondoa1a::oh yeah it was my bad ------&gt;:/
truetopia::no prob! good point originally.. and i just picked up the book for $3 on amazon.  it's 112pgs, full color!!
truetopia::we beat Detroit.. Horry over Wallace (absent!) was in Detroit.. but it went home for game 7 i believe all the others were road clinchers though
mondoa1a::That was in Detriot no?????
truetopia::except 05, of course that was 7 games though but yeah, i feel ya
L.A.beanbryant::Gregg PopoVich runs a prostitution ring
WesTexSpur::He has quite the selection though.
imsoobjective::sorry he fired your mom dude
truetopia::big pimpin'
imsoobjective::Payback time this Friday at the ATT Center!!!
machine260292::we will see
Codeine Syrupped Blue Berry Waffles::Everyone, lets go troll the shit out of the OKC board. Fuck those OKC asses
truetopia::i will for a stack of those special waffles haha do people troll OKC boards??  i've never been to one
imsoobjective::Im in!
L.A.beanbryant::Why didnt Antonio Daniels or Michael Finley get any playing time tonight..smh at coach
txbball15::steve novak?
Rudy_rush20::Steve kerr
kda52tuba::samaki walker
mondoa1a::OR Rasho
truetopia::J.R. Reid
truetopia::Francisco Elson
L.A.beanbryant::Bruce Bowen, Dennis Rodman, or Robert Horry..just smh
truetopia::or Malik Rose, Brent Barry.. Fabricio Oberto
MessiSux::or Bruce Bowen...
MessiSux::Lakers are going down this Friday...  Hang on to your popcorn...it's gonna be a show!!!
SammyIsForever::FUN FACT: The Spurs are going to win 16 games in the playoffs this year.
remember_when_i_long_diked_you::SPURS BABY!!! YESSSSS OHHH GOD IM GONNA BUST
MessiSux::Kawhi "The Aztec" Leonard's the real deal, son!
truetopia::damn skippy
