C.N.S.::New York seems to be becoming the team where formerly great players go to die.
BigBear::Yesterday's rumor was NY wanted to trade for Rondo. They have nobody the Celtics would want. I'm sure the Celtics would want Griffin but they aren't  getting him either. The Knicks are a mess
Joe::Bargnani needs another motivation.  He played well against his former team.  He should at least try to play like that against the other teams.
RipeMango::As long as Melo is able to pad his stats every game, regardless of how many shots he needs to get there, Dolan and the lemmings will always think he is a savior to the team.  Most outsiders and hard core Knicks fans know that the poison in this team is Melo.   Basketball is not 1-1 game.   Lebron couldn't do it by himself.   Melo has STAT, Chandler, and many good players as side support.  The problem is that Melo is a 1 dimensional player, he would need Lebron, Wade and Westbrook on his team to make it to playoffs.  But then these 3 players can make to playoffs without Melo.
Dan::Losing Lin was the biggest mistake the Knicks ever made.  He's not the most skilled but he can keep everything in perspective and lead the team.
Tempo::I think Woodson needs to keep his mouth shut about winning the division this season,because until they start being consistent,the only thing they are going to win,is a spot in the lottery..This is the Celtics division to lose,because they are the only Atlantic division team at this point with the most potential to get better around the all-star break.
Booster Gold!::Shump lost his confidence, he is a liability on the floor, and it's not going to change with this coach or team they have.
Jersey Boy::I will keep torching the NY Chump Chuckers' and their fool owner James Dolan because they ruined NBA Basketball for true Knicks fans. Fans from the Reed/Frazier ERA. How much worse can it get?? I believe a lot more. The best part of this, the Knicks have no draft picks. They gave them away for misfit players. Its like imbeciles running the asylum. Can you imagine any real company operating like Dolan runs his business. The incompetency, arrogance, and zero accountability of Dolan's clowns have destroyed Knicks Basketball for the real NY Fans. The season ticket holders are the chumps, fitting the bill. How do we get rid of Dolan???? This team has no chance of winning for another decade.......
Gaudencio::THE problem is that lunatic Jimmy Dolan. Unless he TOTALLY keep his hands off Knicks basketball, we might as well be masochists and enjoy all the pain of being Knicks fans.
NBA-Fan::still remember my first grade teacher told me to learn how to be patient and it would be a lifelong useful skill.   yep, i am not doubting it now.
