megan87119::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
92nick1122::this game was long i was actually there at the game it was pretty sweet
n8n8n888::Outstanding game by both teams.  Utah had won 6 straight, and just barely missed this one, going on the road against a good Hawks team and taking them to 4 OT's before losing.  Great game!  Hopefully Utah doesn't come out tired and flat against the Nets.
ostde::I'm a very avid Jazz fan and this game was very difficult to watch.  Maybe I'm naive but when the Jazz were up by 3 in the 2OT with around 14 seconds left in the game and the Hawks had possession, why didn't the Jazz foul immediately?  The Jazz lost a game earlier in the season against the Clippers at home because the Clippers implemented this strategy.  In the final moments of the game the Clippers were up by 3 and they immediately fouled us to prevent us from tying the game and it essentially became a free throw contest to which the Jazz ultimately lost that contest.  I digress, I don't understand why the Jazz didn't implement that strategy.  I know it has a modicum of risk involved, but so does allowing a 3-pt shooter to shoot a 3-pt shot... You foul, they make 2 free throws, you're still up by 1, they foul you, you shoot 2 free throws (hopefully getting the ball to a good free throw shooter) you ideally make 2 free throws your up 3 again.  Ultimately running time off the clock, until time expires.  Shooting free throws in this situation seems like a better idea for the Jazz to have done instead of trying to make long range outside shots with a defender in your face... they would have had two (hopefully easy) free throws and most likely would have had a better chance of winning to game..
rkini1::Hawks join the Bulls and OKC as the only teams to win all their games in a back to back to back situation.
bolton41415::NOPE, spurs just won this friday, saturday, sunday.
T.Sleaze::im a Hawks fan but you need to watch out this is OKC time to shine.
fliptide...::Big Johnson, coming through at the end
BarkBarkForPig::great game to watch, good effort from both teams. heartbreaker for the jazz, but congrats to atlanta
ibnfrey::gga :)
Danica Helps Lin Move in with Tebow::What's neat is those people paid to see one game but got to see two.  Terrific.
E. Jack Culator::more like 1.4166666666... games.  Because 4 overtimes = 20 minutes.    (20 minutes/ 48 minutes =0.41666666)  hence, they watched the equivalent of 1.4166666... games.  still not a bad deal.
vangundyfan12::Jazz suck,  Hawks were on their 3rd straight game and still took home the W.  Pheonix will take the Jazz's spot in the playoffs bet on it.
kidmandavid::good comments
dawgboy12345::^nope
NYeltigre::and its the hawks 4th in a row not 3rd. At least get facts straight before trying to make fun.
BarkBarkForPig::you're just an anti jazz troll. shut the hell up
texasrocks123456::I've been saying it all year, the Hawks are primed for a deep playoff run. Give Joe the next two days off and have him ready for the home game against Chicago. Great win for the Hawks, I think we are done proving ourselves in the regular season, time to prepare for the playoffs.
fliptide...::first round exit.  Don't pack too heavily....
wisky12::48-126 thats bad shooting
DrueLife::You can go ahead and scratch Jazz fans off the list of people who don't understand why Joe was signed to a long term deal in Atlanta  People laugh at the numbers until he bust your $@%  Great game Joe, keep that $@%! up, maybe your ownership will look out for this team some day
BarkBarkForPig::.... which jazz fans have been laughing at the numbers?? i think you're making an argument out of nothing..
Thunder90210::Eat your heart out Syracuse/UConn
austuc33::no wonder d will thinking about comming back to the jazz
Jazz Niners Boobs::Seriously Hawks fans where the f*ck were you. Half the stadium was empty with a quarter of the fans that showed up dipping at the first OT. That's some bush league support.
SLikP82::Joe Johnson always keeps ATL with a winning record and they always play teams tough in the playoffs....I think the Hawks need to look to add another big piece to their team to take it one step further.
Bieberlicious12343::The Hawks are a joke!
LikeMineandIwillLikeYours::3 missed game winners....and you only get 1 loss!
jakec213::4
markpringle2003::I'm tarred!
WhyUHatin47::im hurt dawg!
ericeagles::i remember the 6OT game in college with UConn http://ballot4u.blogspot.com/
alwaysbesinkinthosemavs::Ive been following a betting system recently called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I recommend this system to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works. Thought I would post this for anyone frustrated of not winning thier bets
grsshppr::There has been one 6 extra frames game.  This was a great game tonight against a good team.  I'm proud of my Jazz for coming to play and even after being down by 17 they came back to make a great game out of it.  The Jazz have been playing some great ball lately.  They beat OKC at home, L.A. on their turf and had a great game tonight against a great team.  Good job to both clubs.
J-SMOOVE2037::Hawks can make some noise in the playoffs this year.  Recognize.
THE TEEGEMAN::Saw the highlights of the game..four overtimes...u got to be shittin me.  Stupid me, I was watching the NCAA Elite 8 last two games and missed the Jazz game.  Oh well, live and learn!
DistrictofColumbia1988::It's so dumb  how the New Orleans Jazz kept their name in Utah, haha. There is no Jazz in Utah! Just like how Los Angeles isn't anywhere near the great lakes. But yeah, sure....Their the Lakers in friggin LA..
xjumpintwit::stfffuuu u clown u know nothing about sports
brebur19::To bad moral victories aren't marked on the standings... I expect more Utah, I expect more...
jessemangelson::Why is the games in Atlanta always empty?
resqme_72::Umm...cause most of us in Atlanta have to work. New Yorkers, folks from Chicago, Miami, Dallas, and Los Angeles have a LARGER POPULATION BASE....get over folks breaking their necks like them to attend games. Sheesh...lol. Tickets are pricey, and previous ownership has been predatory and cause lots of folks to say, "Sh*t...I'll pay the extra to Comcast every month or go to the bar over that, no thanks." You can't badger a population of people that are really fans to mismanage their funds just 'cause other places do something. Good answer though, aftern9ne.
aftern9ne::Disillusionment caused by decades of disappointment, bad teams, and crooked owners.   Also, fans in the suburbs hate to drive into the city because of traffic, parking, and irrational fear/hate of the city as a whole.  And tickets cost too much.
tclarke111291::im ron burgundy?
jakec213::I immediately regret this decision!
grsshppr::Milk was a bad choice
lll__::Dear Coach Corbin,  Please use this game as an excuse to give Favors &amp; Burks starters' minutes tomorrow.  Respectfully, Jazz fans that want to see the team win
jessemangelson::I think they do better when the younger players get more minutes for sure so i agree.
tah.adin::2-2 in the first OT, what is this the d-league? ahahahahaa
Rdiu::well , lowest point scored in a 12min quarter by a team is 2 , so of course is possible to scored just 2 points in 5min OT
blazers3333333::haha i was thinkin the same thing. how is that possible
lll__::i like that you like your own comment!
DP46561::Competitive game. Wish the Jazz had pulled it out but both teams just showed so much heart
imgettingannoyednow::Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
theprodctz::There were more points scored in this game than there were fans.
jessemangelson::Actually there was 309 fans and the final score combined was 272 haha.
terrydavis36::That is almost true.  I was there.
brim11184::I think I'm the most amazed by there being just 20 turnovers between the 2 teams in 68 mins and probably 300 possessions. Aren't you supposed to make more mistakes when you get tired? League best in turnovers is Philadelphia at 19.1 per 100 possessions and league average is about 24. These teams combined for about 7 per 100 possessions. Would've been a coach's joy to watch.
mydotcom::the real big 3? miami? boston? nahhh scalibrine luke walton and kwame brown http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/p/best-nba-memes.html
ballamike1125::Twolves 2012 world champions
jessemangelson::World Champions of the Lottery
70atlbraves::Great game and lots of heart shown by the Hawks.  Go Hawks!
CandySparker::Four Lotta Love!
Home Slice 360::the jazz missed shots at the end of the 4th, ot, 2ot, and 3ot
AceyUT::fact that each one of those was a makeable shot and just couldnt get the shot to drop..  still a good game to watch.
imperviouz::lol @dw  -jazz
AceyUT::what a game to watch, unfortunately the jazz lost.  good game to atlanta.
grsshppr::That was great to watch.  Unfortunately the Hawks were trying to hand the game to the Jazz every single overtime but they just didn't want it bad enough.  Great game no matter what happened.
thecusefan94::Dude, two points each in the first OT? Shake yourselves.
Beats by Dr. DRE.23::Wow! what a game
martinezmsm96::Anyone know the most amount of OT's in an NBA game?
Spursdc::Four overtimes in one game with a game the next day- Now that's great coaching
jakec213::Hahahah coaching has nothing to do with it.
knicks_11::Spolestras another Dantoni.. always have an friendly connection with the players but not a in the face type of guy.
nccanes73::Lebron would have cried, all these extra periods after the 3rd
