Brad Glanry::RIP CITY!!!
Brandon Couch::Lillard on fire!
Dakota Mckenzie::I like the blazers, and they had a great win against San Antonio, but with their easy padded schedule I can't quite yet take then seriously
Brandon Couch::Very true but at least they are beating teams they are supposed to beat! It is easy to slack off against lesser teams and drop needed wins
Nick Campbell::I wouldn't call wins against the Spurs, the Suns, the Pistons and @Nuggets and @Celtics an easy schedule...
Nick Campbell::And it's not the Blazers fault the Spurs are the only team with a better record than them. lol (and the Pacers if we want to include the East)
David Kruczynski::Let's go BLAZERS!!!
Tyler Moss::Yay! I get to watch this game with a cup of coffee and a plate of eggs bacon and hashbrowns. Love these morning games. Go Blazers!
Khristopher Carlson::Watching with a whiskey and pizza at 10 pm Nairobi time. (Better than the usual 4 am start)
Nick Campbell::What's with all the hate at Lamarcus Aldridge. Without him the Blazers are 2-8 with no road wins.
Nick Campbell::Sure Lillard would be scoring 30 points a game, but the Blazers would not be winning.
Cody Palmer::I have no hate towards him because LA is one of our best players. Fans just get frustrated because of some of the bad things they see when the ball game is on the line, but LA is nevertheless, clutch. He has been a clutch player for the Blazers his whole career
Kirby Loewen::Cody Palmer they aren't real fans..
Meron Foto::LaMarcus Aldridge--- The worst PF in the league when it comes to his defense...... and is a SG with a PF body. Such as waste of height. lol  Its time for Lillard to take over.
Cody Palmer::Dame's got this
Kirby Loewen::You must be high...
Meron Foto::Kirby Loewen  High on what?? LA GARBAGE...... I repeat.... GARBAGE when it comes defense. That's not even a debate man. LOL
Meron Foto::Wtf is up with the refs though? They have been consistent calling fouls mostly against Blazers while allowing Raptors to play physical.
Cody Palmer::These refs are homecookin!
Meron Foto::Lillard time..... he needs to be selfish and just takeover sometimes. Lets Go Blazers.
Mitch Cooper::Aldridge is and always will be (barring injuries) the best player on the Blazers.
Meron Foto::Offensively.... sure.   Overall skill--- I would say Batum is the most important player in Blazers. He does it all--- offense, defense, assist..... plus he can guard 1-4 players.   LA on the other hand...... his defense is flat our embarrassing to say the least. Plus his ability to box out players to get rebounds.
Kirby Loewen::Meron Foto WTF are you talking about, just because he doesn't block every shot attempt in his vicinity, it doesn't mean his defense is horrible. He was playing good D forcing his man to take a tough shot, and playing smart as well avoiding foul trouble with Lopez fouled out. Open your eyes and look at the big picture of this aka the little things..  That looked like a championship level team out there, Toronto played one of their best games.
Meron Foto::Kirby Loewen  LOL---- I'm waiting for you to show me something that proves that LA is a good defensive player. Anything......   The best defender in this team is Batum and Wes....... also Lopez. Those are guys who I can say have legit defensive skills. Not LA..... not even close.   Plus he has no excuse to play poor defense this season---- he is playing his primary position against other PFs. No excuse.
Gale Sindico::def rigged second half.  How the f do you only score 37 points in the 3rd quarter.  Stop the Fix!
Meron Foto::Good job refs.... keep it consistent. That much I can give you credit for.
Brandon Couch::Bad 4th quarter but still pick up the 6th straight win!
Cody Palmer::Blazers making me proud!
Meron Foto::The refs are despicable. That's the only reason why Raptors are in the game.
Cody Palmer::Yeah, it's a little ridiculous
Nick Campbell::It wasn't pretty. But the Blazers found a way to win. 2-0 and halfway through their road trip, it's on to the hump game for Portland in Brooklyn tomorrow night where we are going to see just how much fight is really in this Blazer team.  Tonight was a lot of good, and a lot of bad. Portland got beat in too many ways but the 3 ball was their saving grace, 14-32 (45 points from deep). Tonight was the first night in a while that they were beat on the boards, but this was a smaller rotation that left our bigs with limited time on the floor (Lopez fouling out sure didn't help). You can expect the Blazers to fight for the boards a little harder tomorrow night, especially Lopez.  8-2 (4-1 away) is not a bad way to start the season.
Meron Foto::Hell yea its not a bad way to start. Our 3 point shooting is becoming deadly!!!
Nick Campbell::Meron Foto I'd like to see more power plays at the rim but the 3-ball is a go to with how well we are shooting it.
Meron Foto::Nick Campbell  Agree. They need to mix it up a little and not rely too much on 3s
Alex Mitchell::game story http://mitchymitchy4.blogspot.com.au/2013/11/game-report-blazers-raptors.html
John Osaki Jr.::Incredible start to the season for the young Blazers! Blazer fans turn back the clock and check out Bill Walton in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Kwenton Walker::8-2 is a good record but this 6 gme winning streak came against kings, pistons, raptors and phoenix. Lets not get too wild.
Matt Gardner::Love the way it looks like everybody's buying in. However, I can only be so happy about an overtime win that should never have gone to OT.
Tony Ellis::You know, there were too many trolls before ESPN went to this Facebook layout. It was problematic. But now, there's just nobody.
Meron Foto::I miss the trolls man. lol
Meron Foto::wow---- Freeland gets shoved on the back, almost gets injured..... but he gets the foul. It doesn't get worst than this.
Meron Foto::Blazers are doing everything they can to lose this one...... I hope you all succeed. SMH
Tyler Moss::looks like they played to not lose at the end instead of trying to win
Meron Foto::Tyler Moss  I love Lillard when it just decide to take over and lead the team the way he did. 3/3 on OT.  I feel like he needs to do that more often instead of relying too much on LA jump shots.
Tyler Moss::I don't see too much wrong going into Aldridge at crunch time. His shots were just off this time. Im just happy with this 8-2 record. Cant stop grinning.
Steve Tellers::Well done young Trailblazers!!!!!!!!!!
Patrick MacKinnon::This is like Toronto-Houston part 2.  Hopefully, they win this time
