ntpthp::Death, taxes, propositions overturned, and Curry rolls his ankles.
JacksonRamtough::Does he wear ankle braces?
pico2013::Trade him alreadyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
T.E.R.P.::Looks like weak ankles runs in the family. Seth also has ankle problems.
Herkaleez::That boy brittle  -Brandon Roy
I Rolled My Ankle Flopping On A Game_Tying Brick::This sucks for Curry he's my favorite young player
T.E.R.P.::Gee Wally that is so cool.  Thanks Beaver I think so too.
Haters Gonna Hate Miami06::Did Mark Jackson say he the best on the floor night in and night out.   LOL the same guy that he was begging to put on the All-Star team.  He first has to be considered the top 12 in his conference before the best on the floor.  Clown  rev Jackson.  Mama  "There goes that Clown".
NY NBK Far Superior x.::He has doritos for ankles.
cjbell_9::Weird lookin dude is on my fantasy team... hope he bounces back before the fantasy playoffs!
Jitters338::no one cares about your fantasy team
timetodienow1234567::Dude has a glass ankle. Like a boxer with a glass jaw. He'll be out of the league in a few years.
LilVdog88::I can see why John was getting upset they weren't giving him any calls already and once Klay fouled pushed it sent him over the edge. Anyway best of luck to Steph Curry
WarriorsWarrior::.
itmakessense::I can't even joke about it at this point...
Skip Mindless::How many times has Curry injured his ankle so far in his career?
nihkkah::MULTIPLE :(((((
stevepoon::As a Warrior Fan, I wish I could donate my ankle to Steph.
nihkkah::You can use mine as a backup
ayegee88::when did john wall say  "next time you go to the basket ill knock your $@% out" ?
longgrassgrows::i didnt get to watch the game...how serious is Curry's ankle
GBE 300 .bang.bang::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChVj2XqXz2g i was suprised. chalmers is a good rapper
IversonDaGreatest3::Squadd!!!
GBE 300 .bang.bang::L's
GBE 300 .bang.bang::someone get this man an ankle-brace or 2
SFWildcard::he is wearing one already
GBE 300 .bang.bang::really? wow. i didnt think one can sprain with a good ankle brace. those things have saved my ankles
IversonDaGreatest3::lol
jmart528::John Wall was heard saying "next time you go to the basket ill knock your $@% out" like 5-6 times. if you were wondering what he was saying
whoaitstu::John Wall's dad died when he was young. Just for your info.
jeff050578::Yeah apparently he still has a lot of maturing to do
jmart528::at least you didnt see Klay jawing back like a bafoon
SFWildcard::John Walls dad will not send his allowance for what he did , just like what Mychal Thompson did to Klay
F.C. Medicinal::I can't sleep knowing Currys limping on that right ankle
SFWildcard::you sound like his wife
F.C. Medicinal::She just wants that paycheck
jeff050578::Or a diehard fan
HK-47.1::God I can't wait for Biedrens and Jefferson to get off this team. That is 20 mil of worthless cap.
msumdragon17::that is 20 mil plus Bogut (if we resign him) should be way cheaper then his 14 mil salary he will make next year.   But in 2014/15  Curry/Barnes/Klay/Ezeli/Green will be about 10 mil more then they are now(eating up a lot of that free cap space).  My question is  can we resign sign Jack/Landry this year (would make us big tax payers next year and eliminate the cap space we are suppose to have in 14/15) or will we let both players go in hope of signing a big free agent in 14/15 to go with our young (or middle age by that time) core?
HK-47.1::He was good for a few seasons then he completely sank into a bottomless pit. You watch some highlights of him with BD and swear it's a different guy.
jeff050578::You are right. Good news is their contracts will expire while Golden State is playing good basketball w/ a young core of players. It will make their team slightly more appealing to free agents. Hopefully.
jeff050578::lol. I agree 100%. Biedrens made a lot of money from one decent season. GS's office really reached with that signing
jeff050578::If GS  is healthy and Bogut is in NBA shape come playoff time they could give the Clips/Nuggets/Grizz a handful. If Curry is on fire for 4 of 7 games they can beat ALMOST anyone
HK-47.1::Let's be honest. The Dubs perimeter defense is arguably one of the worst in the entire association.
jeff050578::That doesnt mean they cant win a series. Remember I didnt say anything about a deep playoff run I was talking about giving the first round opponent a handful
xmanfolife::This guy just has buzzard luck with that ankle.....I'd say trade him but....u can't bcuz the kid is getting better &amp; better each season.
HK-47.1::Meh doesn't matter how good he is if he cant stay on the court. He didn't seem like he messed it up to bad hopefully he's in after the Laker game or the next. Bigger question is why the hell he played tonight if they knew he had aggravated it in SA.
airicad::The problem with the Warriors was never Bogut.  The problem was Bogut getting comfortable.  Now that's he getting more comfortable, the Warriors are a better team than they were earlier in the season.
HK-47.1::Hes still out of shape.
jeff050578::Me too. This year will still be interesting. I think the more games GS wins this year will help build their confidence for next year. Plus, going to the playoffs will hopefully make them work even harder next off season so they can get back and beter
HK-47.1::Not to sound like a downer but, I'm much more excited about next year then this playoffs.
jeff050578::Which is a good thing because it means he will only get better when he gets in shape. He should be in shape and fresh come playoff time.
eckoman11::"Warriors official said X-rays were negative for Curry"  -Marcus Thompson
SFWildcard::yeah but  knowing Curry, he will miss at least 3 games
Andrew James Bynum::Looks like Lakers will win since Curry rolled his ankle's for the 1000th time in his career.
Infamous T-Rex::hmm its a shame. if curry can stay healthy he will be like the anti-kobrick
IversonDaGreatest3::I'm tired of these p**** a** refs...
EKast2012::Vesely has to be the biggest bust of last 13 drafts.  At least Greg Oden had a few good games.  At least Kwame Brown was traded for Caron Butler and then again for Pau Gasol.
HK-47.1::Flynn was a pretty bad pick especially knowing he was picked before Curry. Hell only players doing well from that draft are Griffin, Curry, Harden, and Lawson.
EKast2012::Rubio, Holiday, Jennings, Taj Gibson  Also, second-rounder Danny Green is playing great for the Spurs
Real Deal Beal::Darko Millicic?
Spurs_R_Us::yeah, WRONG.   way to compare two #1 picks to a #6 pick. what a moron.
EKast2012::I'm aware that Vesely was not the #1 pick.  You got a bigger bust?  (besides Thabeet)
jzalvarado2.0::Incorrect my friend.. Hasheem Thabeet
HK-47.1::No one thought Thabeet was going to be great. People just saw size and thought maybe.
EKast2012::Good point
HH69::Curry needs to get insurance on those ankles.
SFWildcard::those are 50 million dollar ankles
dreballs::*44 million
typicalazn109::Stephen "Unluckiest Pair of Ankles" Curry....
dreballs::i wish i knew what Wall was saying to Klay
frankester66::http://www.csnwashington.com/wizards/john-wall-gets-ejected-vs-warriors
dreballs::thanks! what an idiot......
feeldabern::Greet temple blew the over cause he sucks and shouldn't be in the nba
dreballs::your other personalities still coming out, eh?
feeldabern::Thx bro
feeldabern::Some scrub who couldn't hit a layup while no one wanted to foul h w 15 secs left cause he sucks
feeldabern::feeldabern - Some scrub who couldn't hit a layup while no one wanted to foul h w 15 secs left cause he sucks  U r awesome
dreballs::who's Greet Temple?
jzalvarado2.0::Real Deal Beal Enough with the exaggerations. It's getting old. 2 fans like this. ------------------------------------------------------------------- If it's any consolation, I have Maryland MAKING to Madison Square Garden
easyrawlins1::Anything new on Steph's ankle?
bizz...::Ill  be  sick  if  hes  out  monday
kk851101::He was able to talk to the reporters...good sign?
dreballs::yup
bizz...::waiting
bizz...::Kobe  will  be  here  monday......We  advise  all  hotel  maids  to  carry  tasers  to  protect  themselves.
BigshotRob is the Best::Kobe like to give it from behind
easyrawlins1::Who dont?
IversonDaGreatest3::lmao
alps14::Why did john wall get thrown out?
rcooj_7::He flopped, no debating that! He ran his mouth out of frustration...
jzalvarado2.0::maybe he didn't flop though.. maybe he defied the laws of physics as a man (Wall) who outweighs another man (Thompson) by about 20 lbs and momentum was taking him towards Thompson ENDED up violently on the floor.
jzalvarado2.0::he 'FLOPPED' his body and then he 'FLAPPED' his lips off to Klay Thompson
Real Deal Beal::Enough with the exaggerations. It's getting old.
IversonDaGreatest3::In terms of efficiency Curry&gt;&gt;&gt;Kobe
Real Deal Beal::Anyone&gt;&gt;&gt;Kobe in that department
jzalvarado2.0::I took a picture last night when having GONE 27 out of 32 games, I was 99.3% in rankings...  Today I dropped a couple of Percentage Points because VCU loss killed my Region.  I am going to be framing that picture And even putting it online in case any of you want to see it and can say.. I knew that "Top 1%" guy
EKast2012::Wrong comment board dude
fmshake27::Curry has sprained glass ankle
jzalvarado2.0::My Bracket would have been EVEN BETTER had i not ACCIDENTALLY picked Iona over Ohio State (never meant to do that) and South Dakota State over Michigan.  I saw the 'SD State' thinking it was San Diego State THEN when I saw san Diego State pop up in another matchup, I reminded myself to go back and change South Dakota State to Michigan, but I forgot.  Every other loss (just a handful) I was content with especially LaSalle
WarriorsWarrior::Will Curry twit a cry baby message like kobe (regarding the ankle)
fmshake27::Your crazy
bizz...::curry&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;kobe
Oaktown1029::hey!
Oaktown1029::it's nice to be in contention for the playoffs! we'll have baseball and playoffs together this year - nice.
WarriorsWarrior::Hi bro!  Warriors look good!!
jzalvarado2.0::NAME	 jzalvarado2.0 1	 Create or Join a Group Play against your Facebook Friends! PTS 350	 PCT 97.8	 RNK  181205  For the guy that didn't believe me that I am one of the best at my bracket so far.  I've got Arizona coming out of the West so once they make it, you guys can say.. Man that JZ dude sure knows his basketball
Nacho3501::Want a cookie?
feeldabern::I bet you like to like urself
jzalvarado2.0::who doesn't
Real Deal Beal::I bet you feel so special.
Real Deal Beal::jzalvarado2.0 - I know that that was sarcastic Real Deal,  I'm sorry that your bracket s.ucked this year.  Maybe next time.  I actually didn't do a bracket. The pool I was going to do ended up taking the year off, so I said fk it.
Weezy_Jefferson::jzalvarado2.0 - I know that that was sarcastic Real Deal,  I'm sorry that your bracket s.ucked this year.  Maybe next time.  you're alright, jzalvarado.  keep the good picks coming
jzalvarado2.0::I know that that was sarcastic Real Deal,  I'm sorry that your bracket s.ucked this year.  Maybe next time.
Weezy_Jefferson::stop liking your own comments, you idiot
jzalvarado2.0::Wesley_Jefferson!  That was his name.
feeldabern::Garret temple pls go f urself. Couldn't score w no one playing defense on u u f in scrub
Real Deal Beal::Relax...Wall got thrown out and we only had 8 men. Also, temple is not a scorer.
IversonDaGreatest3::The Warriors seem like they are having a down year in attendance...
lokuluha::Warriors just celebrated 23 consecutive sell outs, so no, I don't think they're hurting for attendance...
dudemanbrohella::Warrior fans are considered one of the best fan bases in the NBA.
SB4LlFE::looks empty toward the end because people left early after a blowout
Oaktown1029::so you go to alot of games? you married? have kids?
IversonDaGreatest3::so do bandwagon fans,your point is
Oaktown1029::they take the time and pay the money to go to the games - those are real fans.
Weezy_Jefferson::or maybe they had to get their kids home in time to beat the traffic and get them to bed.  I guess people who have families are not real fans
IversonDaGreatest3::those are not real fans then,support your team till the end
klippyk::A ton of sellouts says otherwise
PartTimeHomer::gg to the early GSW fans that were here
stumpedpenguin::+ it was pretty competitive
stumpedpenguin::gg. I'm upset that Wall was thrown out. He is a lot of fun to watch plus.
ben_jam_in_5::apparently espn cant type up a recap of this game
spurs always own lakerheadss::What do both these teams have in common?  A: They both will have beaten the lakers within a 4-day span
Real Deal Beal::Not without Curry. He got injured.
IversonDaGreatest3::Vegas keeps getting richer lol...
