Thomas A. Brandner::well at least Melo got his 25 for the night, i'm sure deep down inside that all he cares about
Kerry Whitfield::Melo is all they have.
George Feggoulis::I don't know why you are ripping Melo. He is the same player Durant is but the difference is Durant has Westbrook and Melo has the worst pg in the league, Felton. Does Durant make anyone better or is it Westbrook. Melo is doing his job.
Mark Sugimoto::Melo is a team killer. He doesn't make his team better. Another loss to a team who is supposed to be one of the worst while the Knicks were supposed to be a playoff team. What a joke.
José Hyland::You say the same thing every game. Whether Melo has a good stat line or night.
Mark Sugimoto::José James Pérez Hyland And the Knicks continue to lose. He will NEVER lead them or any other team to an NBA title.
Steven Rivera::Mark Sugimoto Hey moron is a TEAM game Melo is not the only one to blame how about the rest of the idiots on the team??? You should be blaming the guards on this team not Melo
Mark Sugimoto::Sad how Knicks fans would rather have Melo get his stats than win. Enjoy another year of not making the playoffs.
Steven Rivera::Sad is you hating on 1 player who is actually the most productive one on the team. night in and night out.
Jazmine Ortiz::this is very true on the knicks instagram even win the knicks loose they say how many points melo had in a loss why is that important?
Mark Sugimoto::Steven Rivera Sad you defend the Knicks losing and Melos 9-24 shooting while not playing defense. Melo fans would rather he get his points than the team winning.
Benny Thai Tran::Boston Fans, I'm telling you Brad Stevens is the real deal.  That dude can coach.
Alex Japha::So can Jeff Hornacek!
Drew Grundfor::took long enough for the blowout to ensue. I predict a 40 point loss for the knicks.
Kevin Lofton::MELO FANS- This isn't even a bash on melo because personally I like Melo,but I think some of you melo fans have lost track of the truth.It's like the romans once they got their hands on scripture and they lost track of the original truth.Melo is a great talent,but he is not a superstar.Superstars tend to be team leaders,they tend to make their teammates better,and they tend to be more than 1 dimentional...I will give melo credit for rebounding this yr but the truth is he should have been a beast on the boards his entire career.Melo has all the tools to be an all-around player but he isn't one.More importantly he isn't a leader.Look at other players like KD,kyrie irving,paul george,lebron,chris paul,dirk,curry,aldridge, they are all talented players but more importantly they are team leaders.Melo couldn't get 4 other players to follow him out of a burning house...   For the knicks fans I feel for you because I know what its like to have melo be the face of the team. He left denver because he wanted to go "home."After this yr  he he will have a press conference leaving "home" because he wants to "win" and the only way he will do that is by being a role player(2nd option) on a winning team,because at the end of the day he isn't a superstar,he is a role player...Again this isn't hating on melo just being real
Dallas Morris::Couldn't agree with u more, except for the Kyrie Irving being a superstar part.
James Belandres::carmelo 9-24 26 pts and 5 of those points came from fts  lmao shooting the ball more times than points you've scored is a sign of a volume scorer I don't get why barkley says carmelo is the best offensive player in the game I think he's trolling us  pretty sure knicks are regretting that trade right now esp since melo is not resigning.
David Zimmerman::Carmelo is the best offensive player in the game for that two or three week stretch that he gets super hot every year and avgs like 45 pts. The rest of the year its either LeBron or Durant.
Mark Sugimoto::David Zimmerman Melo should never be mentioned with the likes of Lebron or Durant.
Floyd Hicks::Can't blame Melo for this one. Without him they would have been blown out by 20 easy.
Anthony MrKnicks Greene::Expect the knicks to come out with tons of energy tonite, and when they play hard they're a different team. Im calling a blowout. Knicks 105 - Celtics 80
Joseph Copp::ya right
Donnellalleyezonme Sweeney::I hear u
Jeoby Redondo::Donnellalleyezonme Sweeney i hear u to
Elisaul Almonte::Knicks are giving this game to the Celtics
Thomas O'Neal::Honey Nut Cheerios!
Chelo Mejias::Celtics win 113-10
Chelo Mejias::Well look at that, Carsmello Anthony and company come out firing...but are still losing...lol
Michael Lewis::It should be called Brick City Knicks.. lmao
Dustin David::Kurtis Harrison You don't say? Huh. This whole time I've been calling them Brick City.
Dustin David::Kurtis Harrison Huh. Well maybe you're the wrong one. Everyone I know calls them Brick City.
Jigz Tan::word brick nice but it's quite commonly use now a days, just call it "Mellow City", they play soft defense so it looks mellow
Brian Madeira::Go celtics #bostonstrong617
SirBeast Fiftybuc::LOL DID U SAY BOSTON STRONG WITH THESE CORE OF PLAYERS? LAY OFF THE DRUGS BUD
Elisaul Almonte::SirBeast Fiftybuc with this middle of the pack team
Dallas Morris::They play better together than the Knicks do, and they don't have a so called "superstar" on squad.
Julie Allison Gomez::I keep seeing all these Melo supporters. What is wrong with our fan basis? Melo is not a winner. He is just like Manning on the Broncos. A stat freak. Only cares about scoring. I want a team leader like Jeter, not ARod,  like Tom Brady, not Manning, like Magic Johnson. We need a winner to lead the Knicks and Melo is far from it.
Eric Brown::Well to be fair... Manning already has a ring... so whatever he does at this point just builds upon his career.  But if you mean Manning on the Broncos only, then yes I agree with you. And NY hasn't had a home grown star in years... that's a huge factor whether people like it or not. Not many players can go to new teams and start winning rings. The days of the Duncans, Jordans, even Kobes... may be long gone.
Jason Rosenbaum::This situation wouldn't be so tragic if the Knicks hadn't traded away all their draft picks. They could have had the next Lebron James of the NBA (Wiggins or Parker). Instead, they have Carmelo Anthony and Amar'e Stoudemire. Carmelo will be gone in 2014, and Stoudemire's knees are one game short of exploding.
David Zimmerman::Even the 5th or 7th pick in this year's draft may be a star.
Steven Rivera::Woodson offense play calling for the final 2 minutes of games have to be the worst in the LEAGUE. Please hurry up and fire the man Dolan!
Steven Christian Shaw::Never trust Dolan to do anything right.
Stephen Strocker::I moved from NY to LA 21 years ago, but still a Knicks fan. From the games I've seen this year, Anthony takes almost all the shots down the stretch and doesn't make very many. Either he tightens up or the other team know what's coming and tightens its defense on him. If the Knicks don't change that...the result will usually be the same. Woodson needs to grow a pair and tell Melo to change his game.
Floyd Hicks::Stephen Strocker Woodson needs to change his game.
Steven Rivera::Shump 1-8 Pablo 1-6 JR 0-1  there you go, Nobody wins with Guards shooting like this
Steven Christian Shaw::melo and andri were 18-46 as well. not winning with more than half your shots made at under 40%
Lkr Akmel::Fire M Woodson and trade Jr Smith.
James Ibarra::Problem is nobody wants J.R. Smith.  They know what they get with a player like that.  He played his way into a big fat contract last year under a desert mirage where he fooled Dolan and the rest of NY.
Chelo Mejias::is this a joke?
Travis Achesinski::celtics
VansDose John MuÑoz Durano::c's
Chelo Mejias::Celtics Win big
Jordan Celkupa::booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!boston.
Jeoby Redondo::dffffssadasdasd
Floyd Hicks::Boston made some defensive adjustments in that 4th quarter, and the Knicks never adjusted to the pressure. It look like they had no clue what to do. Stat and Barg both standing around the foul line, just standing there. Why isn't there a hi-post, low-post set. Stat should have been moving around down low, Barg up hi Boston adjusted to the pick and roll of Pablo and the Knicks act like that's the only play in the playbook . If it don't work they have no other options. Darrell Walker was a awful offensive player. Woodson is a defensive minded coach. Herb is just there to represent Dolan. The other coach is just Woodson's buddy. Who handles the F**king offense. Knick lost this game because they did'nt adjust offensively to the defensive pressure, and that all falls on the coaches. If these boys are unable to execute a play, that falls on the coaches. Knicks had a bigger team on the floor and could'nt, did'nt know how to take advantage of it. That falls on the coaches. Dam shame. They should have won this game.
Cedric Chin::Knicks have no speed or athleticism. And they all look out of shape: If I had a dollar for every time I've seen Bargnani bending over with his hands on his knees, I'd be a wealthy man. "Red carpet-to-the-hoop" D (Cardboard dummies defend the pick-and-roll better). Get some young talent that can defend,  shoot, and play as a collective unit, and then you'll have something to build on.
Tung Nguyen::Melo and collective unit does NOT go together.
