ROCKYIII1::YEA DURANT NICE JOB!!!!
ROCKYIII1::HAHAHA DURANT IS THE NEW CHRIS BOSH HES TERRIBLE
KrayzieBone22::This was a test for my Lakers and they FAILED!    Memphis and OKC are the favorites to come out the west!  Lakers are not playing defense at a championship level.  Fire Brown and get a coach in there that knows Defense and can command the respect of players.
Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook period.::Last commenter.                        OKC!OKC!OKC!
edelspot::Kobe can you see me......? Can you see me near you?? Kobe can you hear me??? Can you hear me curse you??  Kobe will you feed me? Get the ball into me???  Whooooo kobe...kobe....kobe...kobe...
edelspot::I know some Kobetard gonna say "5 rings" but most people refuse to say you need good  teammates. With that said OKC is closest team to "showtime" in 20 yrs.  Four, maybe five key guys at 23-26.  They run. They gun. They hold their ground on D. It's like UNLV under Tark.  Get used to the next gen, cause this team has taken baby steps for 3 years. Only question left is do they have the maturity and desire to close the deal.  BTW...kobe is great...but not that great. Kobetards are biggest idiots in sports.  Fire away!!!
grapenutz78::Lakers since acquiring Sessions 3-4 Thunder since acquiring D-Fish 5-0  Just Sayin :)
elibird123::15 more games to get Sessions integrated with this team.  I'm just saying. ;)
elibird123::Kobe &amp; Pau 11 for 36. Sessions 6 FGA's. Westbrook 36 points. Final Score OKC by only 9 points?  We'll see in a playoff series. Let's see who'll get the last laugh then.
edelspot::Only 9??? At your place??? The boxscore says Sessions did great versus R West huh? KD was 1-9 then closed strong. Harden did snot, yet OKC won going away. What game do Kobetards watch?
mbarcl::Were up 18 pretty late. Took the foot off the gas, and people shoot bad when they're defended well. Kobe had no easy shots and kept him off his sweet spots. Made it further last year. Thunder are better and Lakers are worse this year.
venerican1::maybe you should of watched the game. it wasn't even close, and would of been worse if the thunder wouldn't of played like $@%! in the first quarter...
elibird123::11 for 36 &lt;-- Keep hoping for that and that -----&gt; world peace 3-13
-whoa-::world peace 3-13 u forgot that, hell never shoot that much in a playoff game
takemehomelord::right
takemehomelord::i think u haters are over reacting and the lakers are still a team to be fear when the playoffs start
mbarcl::Heard that mess last season.
Lobodamainman2::lol Lakers fans proved their stupidity when they thought getting a back up PG was going to mean winning a title.
takemehomelord::stop over reacting over one regular season game
jeterjones05::they needed Beasley as much as they needed Sessions! they need Youth, they need 3 point shooting and they need sparks! not getting Beasley was ENTIRELY Jim Buss's fault... he had Beasley in a deal 2 weeks before the trade deadline and didnt allow Mitch to pull the trigger because he insisted they not just gain another contract and the Wolves take a pick AND a player! Wolves didnt want it! soooo LAL suffers because Mitch didnt wanna spend the extra 6 million this season
walnutkid07::I like Beasley too, he would have fit in real nice here. Unfortunately, the Lakers did show some cheapness in that situation and it bit them in the end with Minni apparently pulling out of the trade a few minutes before the deadline. Now, Brown has to pull all the right strings just to keep the bench above water.
jeterjones05::i mean, people say Beasley is a bust, but i feel like in a winning environment, he would flourish! in a LAL uniform, being the 4th option, he would be an incredible addition! i really hope they try to get this kid next season! and find a way to dump Metta!
Lobodamainman2::Agreed. Lakers as so cheap now they passed on a great deal. Minny was giving Beasley away.
Pinkycuh::We will call this one, shirts vs the blouses.
AceVenturaMavsCoach::Tony Kornheiser and Mike Wilbon are right what they said bout the Lakers. THEY'RE DONE, FINISHED IT'S OVER.
jeterjones05::i mean, they just dont have the fire power! they need Kobe, Pau, Bynum and Sessions to play 42 minutes every game of the playoffs to have a chance! and during those 42 minutes they CANT get tired! they have bring the energy the entire game every game to win! their supporting cast is TRASH
jeterjones05::OMG! some of these dudes and their horrible Bball IQ is sick! SO all of the sudden, THIS season, he decides to take 24 shots per game just to get a scoring title?!?! hes only averaged 24 shots per game 1 other time in his career!!! MJ did it 4 times! if Kobe were all about scoring titles, TRUST me the dude would have more than 2 of them!!! Kobe is taking shots to take pressure off the bigs so they get doubled less! Bynum gets 1 less shot per game than Dwight Howard! Pau is having a bad year, but is still getting his shots! at least a handful of times he is shooting as the shot clock expires! NOW granted, he NEEDS to start making more shots! hes in a TERRIBLE shooting slump! But still, these are shots he CAN make! if he isnt taking these shots, who is supposed to? hes only taking shots from people like Blake,Barnes,Murphy and Metta!
FuriousSamsonFellow::Yeah, Bynum is averaging 13 shots and hitting 58% of them. Gasol is shooting over 50% as well, on 14 attempts. Surely Kobe can understand that it makes sense for some of his 25 shots a game to instead go to two players who are shooting over 50%. If Kobe reduced his shot attempts by 10 per game and Bynum and Gasol got five more apiece, that's ten extra points, based on the percentages. Obviously the numbers would shift in a variety of ways, but the point is that the Lakers need to generate shot opportunities for players who have the best chance of making those shots. Letting a 43% shooter have as many shots COMBINED as two guys who are shooting 54% collectively is insane- especially since going inside-out would then open Kobe's space up (and that of LA's other perimeter scorers), and EVERYONE would end up benefiting.
jeterjones05::but you have a point, he shouldnt be shooting as much! id like to see more shots by Gasol! but no one is telling Gasol not to shoot, hes just not being very aggressive, and moving the Lakers out of the triangle has them SOOOO out of rhythm
jeterjones05::if it were only that easy... because often the offense goes thru the bigs, especially Bynum and they are double teaming him! he kind of struggles with the double, but even when he does pass the ball out, he doesnt get the ball back because the possession is now rushed, and the ball is swung to the other side of the court! Kobe's 23 shots per game (actually) should be reduced, but hes always averaged 21 shots per game! Kobe shooting 14 shots per game as youre suggesting would result in consistent losing! I guarantee you if Kobe Bryant shoots 14 shots per game for the rest of the season, they lose more than 50% of those games
bgeelove::As a Laker fan, it has been obvious that Kobe is after the scoring title. He is shooting to try to get his average of 29 pts per night. He is doing this and hurting his team win games. Bynum has been shooting well but Kobe wants to out-shine him. At some point Kobe has to come to realize that he is not 21 anymore.
jeterjones05::as a Laker fan, you know nothing about Kobe Bryant and what hes trying to do! Kobe would never TRY to get the scoring title! if he wanted to TRY and get the scoring title every year, he would have more than 2 of them! He is taking shots away from players like Murphy, Barnes, Blake and Metta! Bynum averages 13 shots per game! he got 15 last night! Dwight Howard averages 14 shots per game and hes the #1 option on his team! WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?!?!?
jeterjones05::The Thunder had more Rebounds, Blocks, Assists and Steals and less Turnovers than LAL! clearly this wasnt just about Kobe shooting 7/25... The Lakers gave up 19 offensive rebounds! (id like to know when the last time a team gave up 19 offensive boards and won) Russell Westbrook scored 17 in the 3rd, Pau Gasol didnt play very much in the 2nd half! Ramon Sessions had as many turnovers as assists! Kendrick Perkins and Serge Ibaka were 9/17! Pau and Bynum were 14/26! LAL didnt win ANYWHERE!
walnutkid07::Yeah, it really hurt losing Pau so early in the 3rd.
jeterjones05::well... there ya go! reason #1 why LAL lost
walnutkid07::23
jeterjones05::i wish i had the stat for 2nd chance points, because it was RIDICULOUS
takemehomelord::LAKERS WERE JUST OUTPLAYED IT WASNT BECAUSE KOBE ITS BECAUSE ALL THE STUFF YOU JUST SAID
FuriousSamsonFellow::Okay, but if Pau and Bynum were 14-of-26 (54%) and Kobe was 7-of-75 (28%), then it's ludicrous to claim that they are equally to blame for the loss.
FuriousSamsonFellow::Fair enough.
jeterjones05::im not trying to take blame from Kobe he deserves some! he was 0-6 in the 3rd when the game was getting blown open... he couldnt make the shots necessary to stop the bleeding! BUT Bynum traveled like 3 times yesterday in the 3rd alone! he was invisible on the glass in the 3rd quarter when they were getting pounded too!
jeterjones05::Kobe didnt make Pau and Metta combine for 7/24
jeterjones05::is it ludicrous? they allowed their men to shoot 9/17, and grab 19 offensive rebounds! why should that be ignored?
takemehomelord::I LOVE THOSE FACTS
FuriousSamsonFellow::FUN  FACT: The Lakers need to win six of their last seven roads games to finish the season with a winning road record. The last time a team with a losing road record won an NBA championship, Magic Johnson was still in college.
jeterjones05::good stat
FuriousSamsonFellow::I live to give.
walnutkid07::Westbrook took over in the 2nd half, you can see he loves playing in front of family and friends at Staples Center. The Lakers should double team him every time, haha, hope to get a chance at him in the playoffs.
Heisenberg_1::At 33 years old, Kobe is shooting 42.9%. At 40 years old, Jordan was shooting 44.5%.
jeterjones05::Kobe's FG% has never been as great as MJ's and he still has 5 rings! and has been to the Finals 7 times... FG% is clearly a bit overrated
biggerandbetterthanyou::Announcer- "The Thunder are not even guarding bryant, in fact they are begging him to shoot. Kobe wide open annnnnd miss"
jeterjones05::if only that were true! its funny how people try to compare people that ACTUALLY get that kind of treatment to Kobe Bryant, Kobe gets double teamed, other players get left wide open off of players getting Double teamed, then people have the audacity to compare things like FG% HAHA
biggerandbetterthanyou::Kobe for the lose.........GOT IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
buzzkill90265::go back to calling yourself Kobe
RicoSuave925::Kobe Bryant is the best player since Michael Jordan...Whether you wanna admit it or not..Go Lakers! Kobe 6th ring is now in Session! I'm out!
CALISPRTFN::he will never win a 6th
jsnoddy511::that's funny
__Kobe Bryant__::For every like this comment gets, I will take and miss a terrible shot in our next game.
buzzkill90265::no one will ever pretend they are you that is why Kobe is a winner in life
RicoSuave925::You must be a LeChoke or Thunder fans....
__Kobe Bryant__::Again, my nuts are not a swingset. Please hop off of them.
RicoSuave925::hahaha go suck on LeChoke Durant and Westbrook c.ock
__Kobe Bryant__::I'm your idol. And I can admit that LeBron is a better player then me right now and the Thunder are a better team then we are right now.
RicoSuave925::HAHAHAHA IT'S FUNNY THAT KOBE HATERS CAN'T SAY S.HIT ABOUT WHAT I PUT ON KOBE RINGS! CAUSE YOU KNOW IM RIGHT
Iamtheone0594::Even laker fans know you are just a kobe fanboy
__Kobe Bryant__::No, I will not let you suck my d*ck.
RicoSuave925::Ok LeChoke or Thunder fan!
Lobodamainman2::Looks like the Lakers losing in the second round is.... IN SESSION.
RicoSuave925::Kobe haters when it comes to rings...    The first 3 cause he had Shaq..Did Shaq win with Penny Hardaway and Eddie Jones? Did Shaq take over when he got fouled out or couldn't make free-throws?..Even Shaq said that he couldn't do it without Kobe and vice versa..The 2 rings with Gasol and Bynum...Before Gasol was Gasoft and Bynum has bums knees but now they say the are two great big mens...SMH...Jordan had a hall of famer.. Magic had Kareem..If the Thunder win Durant and Westbrook are All-Stars...Why all the hate on Kobe just appreciate a great player before he retired!
buzzkill90265::stop!!!! this is comming from a laker fan
springfresh33::What are you, Fox News?
RicoSuave925::Kobe haters when it comes to rings...    The first 3 cause he had Shaq..Did Shaq win with Penny Hardaway and Eddie Jones? Did Shaq take over when he got fouled out or couldn't make free-throws?..Even Shaq said that he couldn't do it without Kobe and vice versa..The 2 rings with Gasol and Bynum...Before Gasol was Gasoft and Bynum has bums knees but now they say the are two great big mens...SMH...Jordan had a hall of famer.. Magic had Kareem..If the Thunder win Durant and Westbrook are All-Stars...Why all the hate on Kobe just appreciate a great player before he retired!
RicoSuave925::Kobe haters when it comes to rings...    The first 3 cause he had Shaq..Did Shaq win with Penny Hardaway and Eddie Jones? Did Shaq take over when he got fouled out or couldn't make free-throws?..Even Shaq said that he couldn't do it without Kobe and vice versa..The 2 rings with Gasol and Bynum...Before Gasol was Gasoft and Bynum has bums knees but now they say the are two great big mens...SMH...Jordan had a hall of famer.. Magic had Kareem..If the Thunder win Durant and Westbrook are All-Stars...Why all the hate on Kobe just appreciate a great player before he retired!
Iamtheone0594::Kobe thinks that the two seven footer are only there to rebound his missed shots.
__Kobe Bryant__::That is true. I also like to pass it to them off the rim a lot too.
RicoSuave925::Kobe haters when it comes to rings...    The first 3 cause he had Shaq..Did Shaq win with Penny Hardaway and Eddie Jones? Did Shaq take over when he got fouled out or couldn't make free-throws?..Even Shaq said that he couldn't do it without Kobe and vice versa..The 2 rings with Gasol and Bynum...Before Gasol was Gasoft and Bynum has bums knees but now they say the are two great big mens...SMH...Jordan had a hall of famer.. Magic had Kareem..If the Thunder win Durant and Westbrook are All-Stars...Why all the hate on Kobe just appreciate a great player before he retired!
springfresh33::My new Ferrari can can go 0-60 in under 5 seconds...to bad I dont have that kind of drive in an open lane  -Kobe
heltonbringsrings::Sessions misses Cleveland.
__Kobe Bryant__::I don't blame him.
MECH4NIZE::As well as Brown...
__Kobe Bryant__::I hope we play the Nuggets in the playoffs. The hotels in Denver provide many great, unconsentual, extra-carricular activities.
jeterjones05::first of all... when a red line comes under a word you have typed, it means youve spelled it wrong and you should fix it
chuwish::Kobe, you freaking rock man!
buzzkill90265::Kobe passes a lot to say other wise is not true I still remember the agony of  Kawme droping all those open layups kobe would get for him out of bonds and yet kobe continued to pass to him
RicoSuave925::Kobe haters when it comes to rings...    The first 3 cause he had Shaq..Did Shaq win with Penny Hardaway and Eddie Jones? Did Shaq take over when he got fouled out or couldn't make free-throws?..Even Shaq said that he couldn't do it without Kobe and vice versa..The 2 rings with Gasol and Bynum...Before Gasol was Gasoft and Bynum has bums knees but now they say the are two great big mens...SMH...Jordan had a hall of famer.. Magic had Kareem..If the Thunder win Durant and Westbrook are All-Stars...Why all the hate on Kobe just appreciate a great player before he retired!
RicoSuave925::Kobe haters when it comes to rings...    The first 3 cause he had Shaq..Did Shaq win with Penny Hardaway and Eddie Jones? Did Shaq take over when he got fouled out or couldn't make free-throws?..Even Shaq said that he couldn't do it without Kobe and vice versa..The 2 rings with Gasol and Bynum...Before Gasol was Gasoft and Bynum has bums knees but now they say the are two great big mens...SMH...Jordan had a hall of famer.. Magic had Kareem..If the Thunder win Durant and Westbrook are All-Stars...Why all the hate on Kobe just appreciate a great player before he retired!
__Kobe Bryant__::Please ignore my biased and unintelligent fans. They can't accept the fact that all the basketball I have played over the years have slowed me down. But despite having two all star big men who shoot over 50%, I will continue to take bad, low percentage shots and continue to let the coach take all the heat while I am on the court shooting 25% every night.
buzzkill90265::you changed your name to Kobe you love him!!!!!!!!!!!!
thunderblue247::"Why did I get traded to this sorry team?"  - Ramon Sessions
buzzkill90265::Kobe passes a lot to say other wise is not true I still remember the agony of  Kawme droping all those open layups kobe would get for him out of bonds and yet kobe continued to pass to him
RicoSuave925::Kobe haters when it comes to rings...    The first 3 cause he had Shaq..Did Shaq win with Penny Hardaway and Eddie Jones? Did Shaq take over when he got fouled out or couldn't make free-throws?..Even Shaq said that he couldn't do it without Kobe and vice versa..The 2 rings with Gasol and Bynum...Before Gasol was Gasoft and Bynum has bums knees but now they say the are two great big mens...SMH...Jordan had a hall of famer.. Magic had Kareem..If the Thunder win Durant and Westbrook are All-Stars...Why all the hate on Kobe just appreciate a great player before he retired!
springfresh33::Charmin or Northern quilted?
RicoSuave925::what the f.uck are you talking about?
RicoSuave925::Kobe haters when it comes to rings...    The first 3 cause he had Shaq..Did Shaq win with Penny Hardaway and Eddie Jones? Did Shaq take over when he got fouled out or couldn't make free-throws?..Even Shaq said that he couldn't do it without Kobe and vice versa..The 2 rings with Gasol and Bynum...Before Gasol was Gasoft and Bynum has bums knees but now they say the are two great big mens...SMH...Jordan had a hall of famer.. Magic had Kareem..If the Thunder win Durant and Westbrook are All-Stars....Why all the hate on Kobe and just appreciate a great player before he retired!
MECH4NIZE::Lame.
RicoSuave925::the truth hurt huh?
takemehomelord::KD LUCKY HE HAS A ALL STAR PG
springfresh33::LOL, Kobe lucky he didnt get pressed charges
Valente9423::when the lakers loose is a wonderful day
chuwish::Yep the lakers are pretty loose...
Sonic_Sooner::And it's even better when the Fakers LOSE!
takemehomelord::KD AND LEBRON LUCKY THEY HAVE STARS AROUND THEM
lakeshow8424::The Lakers' inconsistent play falls squarely on Mike Brown and highlights his lack of leadership.  If you can't get guys to focus for two straight quarters, how will you get them to focus come playoff time?
texrcana24::Would have been nice to have a veteran leader other than Kobe whose been there and that on the team to calm the storm....hmmm where have I seen that type of player...oh yeah he plays for the Thunder now.
lakeshow8424::That falls squarely on Jim "Frugal" Buss.
biggerandbetterthanyou::you mean kobes leadership and decision making.
biggerandbetterthanyou::8-24, 9-28, terrible defense. Yup thats brown.
lakeshow8424::It's Brown's job to rein in Kobe too.
RicoSuave925::Kobe haters when it comes to rings...  The first 3 cause he had Shaq..Did Shaq win with Penny Hardaway and Eddie Jones? Did Shaq take over when he got fouled out or couldn't make free-throws?..Even Shaq said that he couldn't do it without Kobe and vice versa..The 2 rings with Gasol and Bynum...Before Gasol was Gasoft and Bynum has bums knees but now they say the are two great big mens...SMH...Jordan had a hall of famer.. Magic had Kareem..If the Thunder win Durant and Westbrook are All-Stars...Why  Kobe gets all the Hate? Appreciate a great basketball player before he retired!
RicoSuave925::Kobe haters when it comes to rings...  The first 3 cause he had Shaq..Did Shaq win with Penny Hardaway and Eddie Jones? Did Shaq take over when he got fouled out or couldn't make free-throws?..Even Shaq said that he couldn't do it without Kobe and vice versa..The 2 rings with Gasol and Bynum...Before Gasol was Gasoft and Bynum has bums knees but now they say the are two great big mens...SMH...Jordan had a hall of famer.. Magic had Kareem..If the Thunder win Durant and Westbrook are All-Stars...Why  Kobe gets all the Hate? Appreciate a great basketball player before he retired!
biggerandbetterthanyou::Kobe for the lose.....GOT IT!!!!!!!!!!
buzzkill90265::a lot of Kobe haters on the board but you are the only one capable of only one thought
ryike::The Lakers season ended when they hired  Mr Potato Head
buzzkill90265::I like Coach Clown better than Mr. Potato head
buzzkill90265::I like Coach Clown better than Mr. Potato head
biggerandbetterthanyou::ahhh look at the lakerground clown
takemehomelord::GOOD ONE
takemehomelord::LOL
takemehomelord::KOBE NOT GOING NOWHERE HES A LIL TIRED RIGHT NOW BUT ONCE HE GETS SOME TIME OFF I THINK WE NEED TO SIT HIM AND REST HIM LIKE THE SPURS DOING TIM DUNKEN
texrcana24::Seriously, enough with the all caps already
hawaiianhonky::Why Travoynn Martin and not you?  Too soon?
MECH4NIZE::"Dunken?" Who's that dude???
hawaiianhonky::ah tim dunken.....that dude is a beast
chrisd867::"Wow. I wish I had two all star 7 footers on my team"  --- Every other two guard in the NBA
buzzkill90265::and how are they all stars because when they are open they get the ball AKA Kobe passes to them
_CelticThunder_350_::Kobe passes to them off the rim.
buzzkill90265::means nothing if the paint is clogged and the coach does not make the adjustment to get them open
