Chicagocold312::wow only 469 comments in a section 140 coversation page they usually do 5000 or better, can we talk contraction?
MeMyselfandIverson00::Yeah, let's start with teams who haven't won anything this Millenium...Chicago, you're out.
jekinnunen::I was hoping for a entire season lockout so I don't have to hear about the crappy Pistons. Stupid dumars!
Chicagocold312::Back to reality Pacers.
NGplayinskillz::It was one game coming off a back to back. They are still number in the Eastern Conference so who cares.
ClevelandsPOWND::Not a surprising loss after a back to back starting with the Cavs.
KingGeorge53::Congrats to the Piston fans for win #1.
Envy II::Thank you but I'd rather lose most games for Andre Drummond. Omg that would be a deadly front court with Monroe
chubby rain::Pacers SUCK, lol.
android1313::Pacers need to shoot better, that's all it comes down to. Danny does really need to work on his shot selection though. Sometimes he takes bad shots at very bad times. Pacers are still a young team trying to find their footing and will improve greatly as the season progresses.
Giggityiggity::Congrats to the Pistons on their first win of the season!
markie8002000::Woooo first win of the season for the Pistons!
sportspotpourri::We need to figure out exactly what it means to "rip" a team. I thought it meant they got blown out, but an 8 point victory is far from that. Need clarification since that term is overused at this point.  Let's add "define what rip a team means" to the 2012 wish list.
Giggityiggity::The final score does not always indicate how the game went.  For example, for 3 quarters the Pistons man-handled the Pacers.  The game didn't get close until "garbage time".  Therefore, a team can get "ripped" by another team but the final score would indicate the game was close.
auzzy831::Wow, listed attendance: 8,824. Does anyone care about the Pistons in Detroit?
bob_ran4::the team is pure crap, the NBA is a joke right now and they play in the suburbs. Of course there isn't going to be a lot of people there
auzzy831::What's a joke? Ratings are as high as the roof right now. Opening week attendance is up. The Pistons aren't any worse than last year, they have some nice new pieces in Jerebko (returning), Knight, and Monroe.   $20 for upper deck tickets isn't bad though considering you can probably get away with moving down lol.
dlions663::That is sad. I would go to a game if i didn't have to drive 3 hr's to get their. They need to move them back to Detroit.
axsmedia::At that price point, no.
axsmedia::They're about $20 for the upper deck - but it's not worth paying that much to see this team in person, let alone non-premium opponents (see: Indiana.)
auzzy831::Are tickets not cheap?
jtric19632004::two players for pacers 8 for 26----west and grangers shoots way to damn much.  basketball is a team sport.
NickelShort::I didn't like my own comment but thanks anyways.  I'm not clueless enough to say that the two leading scorers on a team shouldn't combine for 26 shots, sometimes Granger will shoot 26 shots by himself.  I know what I'm talking about, you don't.  You're probably in your teens or a mentally handicapped middle aged man.
NickelShort::both of you are helplessly clueless.
jtric19632004::lmao -- that is what your mama said when you popped out -- she should have killed you by holding her legs together, and stop hitting the like button on your own comments --clueless
chubby rain::Welcome to the NEW Pacers, lol.
abenezer44::the pacers are going to realize that david west plays no defense
El Capitan Obvious::Both teams scored points. There were also timeouts, fouls, free throws and rebounds. Detroit won the game.
QG1980::Nobody from IND cares, we were all watching our beloved HOOSIERS knock off #2 Ohio St.  Enjoy your first win Piston fans, it may be awhile before you get another one.
bob_ran4::Indy's great....until they lose by 15 to MSU...
axsmedia::Michigan State says hello
Giggityiggity::I got one better for ya.. No one from Indiana matters.
PlayerPresident1::your feelings so hurt cause you thought for sure pacers would be dangerous but when reality check settled in by losing to the lowly cavs now you turn your focus to the hoosiers.   and the hoosiers still won't do any thing.  btw, how about you put focus, energy and enthusiasm on the hoosiers football team?
NickelShort::Basketball is like baseball, good teams lose to scrubs all the time.  One loss to a team on the road on New Years Eve only 4 games into a season with no camps or preseason is nothing you should take too seriously.  The pacers didn't lose to the cavs, thanks though.    IU has dished the #1 and #2 ranked teams in the country Ls, they could finish with 18 wins and get a tourney birth... but they're on pace for 20+ easy.  Getting out of the first round should be entirely possible/expected and they could make a run to the elite 8 or final 4 and beyond if they shoot the 3 ball well and stay healthy.  Seriously, you're going to try to talk trash about IU football?  That's like expecting a grown man to get angry at a "your mom" joke.  Most people that are basketball fans of IU understand that they'll never compete with the big boys in football and root for Notre Dame.
manningslab::Since I can't click "Like" more than once, I'm going to go ahead and just state how much I like this post. I like this post A LOT!
Gobblestones::too bad this site doesn't have a dating component, you could send him a wink or a rose or sumn!
zkline00::good win Detroit...Pacers need to board better to win...or start hitting some shots...either way nice to see Jerebko look solid.
manningslab::Bunch of Detroit f@ggots coming on here talking mad $@%! after 1 FU(KING WIN! It's ONE WIN!
bob_ran4::that's almost as many wins as the Colts have...
LightSpeed1000::frank worked for the celtics so the title is stupid
SWEET DOLLA TEEE::WHO DOES EVERYONE LIKE TMR???
SWEET DOLLA TEEE::PACERS SUCK BACK TO REALITY BOYS, I KNEW IT WAS A TRAP BET
jrettig1706::like they were gonna go undefeated...back to reality after one loss i guess
Gobblestones::So Villanueva didn't wanna play through some minor injury, after the lockout and suspension greatly postponed start of his season.  hmmm, story checks out.
MissBikini::Pacers got destroyed on the boards.
chubby rain::They stink, that is all.
CheerstoLilWayne::Pistons look like they FINALLY gelled. just what they needed. I knew they were one of the teams that were gonna be affected the most by the Lockout...looks like they finally ogt the cobwebs off...once again, Ben Gordon with a good game as well. He's back to his CHicago form now that he has a REAL coach that uses him right. we'll see if Charlie V can pick it up too or not...go pistons!
i liked this comment::wow almost 500 comments..........must be a new record
Yep Lets Rock.::Even the Lions are better than the Colts, haha Indy is garbage all around.
Envy II::Not everybody lives in Detroit. Not every part of Detroit is what you hear or see from the media. Michigan sports team have always been better than Indiana sports teams. I don't know why you are hating on Detroit but If it makes you feel better, go ahead. The Lions are going to be dominant in the future and the Colts will not..
manningslab::I know, right? Nothing but class acts up there in Detroit. The Colts have their first losing season in how long? When's the last time the Lions won a championship? 1957? What is the Pistons record this year? 1-3? Pacers? 3-1?   @Yep Lets Rock (some c0ck): you're an idiot.
hjsportsed::Funny coming from someone from Detroit.
i liked this comment::does detroit still light buildings on f ire for new years?
bob_ran4::Does anyone live in Indy? Isn't that just a bunch of inbred farmboys?
NickelShort::Such hostility on the internet over a basketball game you didn't participate in, either your life sucks or your life REALLY sucks.
yodaspeaks::stuckey handling the ball every possession for the pistons is just bad news.
NateBe23::NBA is fixed...
manningslab::What's the Pisstons record Tec?
TectonicPlatter::No, the Pacers just suck.
Yep Lets Rock.::Pacers suck, bunch of useless over rated whities.
manningslab::You know all about sucking don't you, Yep Lets Rock (some c0ck)? I've heard your mouth is constantly open outside the Palace begging for someone to shove their HUGE donkey d!ck in your man pleaser.
ikedrk::3
HoosierHysteria2011::we have two white players on active roster $@%!$@
TectonicPlatter::The Pistons are about to get their first win of the season. Hoorah!
rustytrombones888::what was link again?
i liked this comment::firstrowsports dot tv
yodaspeaks::funny that foul was on hill.  he was the only one that touched the ball.
PlayerPresident1::and the pacers are suppose to be the sleepers of the east??  NOT!
manningslab::Oh my god people! It's only 4 games! But, since that's what everyone wants to go off. What's our record again?!
chocolatethunder.::this may come as a shock, but every team in the NBA is going to lose some games.
CheerstoLilWayne::Pacers will lose many...
TectonicPlatter::Eh..LMAO! Pacers you failures..smh.
chocolatethunder.::Dam homey got knocked out
greyman916::Yesssss u gay nigg as.   Playing pussie ball
i liked this comment::hahahahahaha......detroit beating the pacers..............lmfao
chocolatethunder.::Prince with the Dagga!
TectonicPlatter::The Pistons have this game? Ummmm...you realize the Pacers are only down by 7 points with 4:00 minutes left?
CheerstoLilWayne::you lose.
YouBLEWWIt::Trade Daye, Maxiell's expiring, and a 1st for a Center like...Al Jeff.  C. Al Jeff (Wallace) PF. Monroe (Villanueva) SF. Prince (Jerebko, Singler) SG. Stuckey (Gordon) PG. Knight (Bynum)
t casey::Al's like a black hole when he gets the ball and only seems to look good on poor teams. I'd rather we stay as far away from a player like him as possible.
Grand212::or just lose and draft a big man next year
clevedawg64::C,mon Pacers pick up the pace you BUM OUTFIT.
yodaspeaks::Tayshaun with a wide open 3 and the pistons call timeout.  what other team does that?
PlayerPresident1::any team that has nothing  to play for.
chocolatethunder.::Good game Pistons, looks like you got this. Im off to watch the Knicks get Jimmered.
YouBLEWWIt::HAhahahah, Me too.   No Amare either. Get ready for another beatdown.
CosmoKramer1444::Cool story!
clevedawg64::FARK INDIANA AND A HUGE F.   CK THE KU KLUX KLAN ! Home of the biggest wankers on earth INDIANA INDIANOPOLIS !
magic-fan::lol its ok clevedawg64 u lose some u win some.
PlayerPresident1::yeah the klan was started in indiana.
HoosierHysteria2011::klan wasnt started in indiana.  look it up.  that's a lie spike lee started to try and $@%! us off.  klan was not started in indiana its really easy to to research and see youre wrong
clevedawg64::I outlaid $50 to win the $3243. You imbecile !
magic-fan::lost his rent money welcome to the street..
YouBLEWWIt::Biggest wanker was a guy who put up $3423 on those wankers..i.e. YOU  HAhahaha
yodaspeaks::pacers will get this game to within 2 possessions.
CheerstoLilWayne::NOT!
-.Heatster.-::Pacers are overrated
YouBLEWWIt::Have you seen the last 2 teams the Heat beat? LOL  They had to squeak by them too, haha. Luckily Miami has Wade as their best player and LeChoke stood to the far side.
chocolatethunder.::The Heat have barely won 3 of the 4 games they played.
greyman916::Both of this wnba teams need to play in their league
greyman916::Can i plz get 11 basket from both teams
Grand212::Somehow i think Jonas Jerebko is now the pistons best player at least he tries every game unlike rodney stuckey.
YouBLEWWIt::Agreed with Monroe. But Jerebko is probably the 2nd. He was a stud in his rookie season 2 years ago. Which is why I found it surprising Dumars signed Prince back as well. They have Daye and Singler coming soon. You don't need 4 SFs.
Grand212::yep you are right but they should only keep jonas, monroe and knight dont know why they signed stuckey or prince.
chocolatethunder.::Monroe is
wasted_101::PACERS SHOULD BE 4-0 WITH THE CRAP TEAMS THEY PLAYED, TOO BAD THEY LOSE TO THE PISTONS LOL
