jamjac84::The Thunder are lethal with their W.eapons of M.$@% D.estruction (W.estbrook, M.artin, and D.urant) Someone call the calvary.
IamMrBob::Im happy for K-mart for getting on a contending team and not wasting the rest of his career on a rockets team that isn't going anywhere anytime soon
Elton7323::rockets are looking very good i dont know what ur smoking
war_eagle_one::Russel Westbrook is the super athletic non-coachable player that will make up for a lack of attempts with poorly timed, high volume/ low percentage field goal attempts the next game to make up for any lack of balance of scoring and assists that should be the priority of any point guard on a championship driven team.  That's his next step to greatness.
smokeysaj::The Thunder's chance still lie on how badly Russel will mess things up.
polkcountykillaz::They should of traded Westbrook instead of Harden
Cool Sun 13::Very impressed by K-Mart so far, goes show to you that Harden was the product of a great system.  K-Mart 4 6th Man of the Year!
IamMrBob::Harden is leading the league in scoring so hes still a good player and believe it or not K-mart was good before he got to OKC
markdexter11::I love seeing KD get "mean." Don't think his teammates don't feel those tongue-whippin's. Get it together, he's telling them, and TRUST ME, they will. OKC's the best team in the NBA.
Gods illa::Hopefully one day ..  Right now I feel the heat are still better .. And plenty of other teams could still best us .. I want to be the best hands down
markdexter11::Watch out for Kevin Martin. His numbers ar no fluke, this guy (when surrounded by talent) will excel. Big time!
markdexter11::Watch K-Mart continue to have an important (increasingly so) role, Westbrook to become more of a true PG, Ibaka will become a very versatile foward, AND I wouldn't be all that surprised to see Perkins traded. OKC will be alright, they're right behind the Heat as the NBA's best, and we'll see a repeat of last years Finals... and the Thunder will win it all. BECAUSE OF MARTIN!! Next year, watch the Bulls... errrr... I mean, the Thunder, get better and better. OKC's the team of the future, not Miami. Watch for it. (Even though Lebron is the shiz)
markdexter11::I agree. I'd like to see Jared Sullinger in OKC's lineup. But I'm being very optimistic.
DaveOK69::If they trade Perkins, I hope it's for Kenneth Faried, but Denver would never go for that.
CandySparker::Cheers Kevin Duo.
watchDreplay::3-11 that's turrible
BigBadLakers420::Durant is too soft! Lebron will have his # always because of that and I'm no Lebron Lover !
markdexter11::This a a truly legendary match-up that we're watching develop.
truthhurtsalot::You should be a LeBron lover because he's currently the 3rd best player in NBA history.  He'll be #2 of all-time when it's said and done....possibly tied with MJ.
polkcountykillaz::Lebron is the 3rd best player in the league, are you talking about the defending Champ, MVP and finals MVP?
dukie792::People need to realize OKC is a contender with or without Harden their role players will step up and they will continue to improve as the season continues.
lakeshow8424::I guess Thunder management knew what they were doing.
metta world::looks like Martin has fitted in perfectly with the team...the trade was a win for both teams
watchthisvideo::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQ9bWzb8Cpw new video
EaglesFan_4-Life::Westbrick and Wade should join forces.
spccookzane::OKC has a great shot at having the a second consecutive 6th man award.  When's the last time that has happened.  Not in a while.
Westjag::80's celtics
Carbon-based::K perk 4 pts lol !
spccookzane::Perk's contributions go way past the box score. If you don't realize this, you don't know basketball.
thedude0612::Uh he's never been even close to a good scorer... four points is a great night for him lol
watchthisvideo::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQ9bWzb8Cpw
trademarktaz::The Hornets franchise turn 26 years old this April with 0 conference titles. I guess it's OK that Stern gave them Anthony Davis.
watchthisvideo::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQ9bWzb8Cpw new video
BABY_K_D::Any game that Westbrook has more assists than shot attempts is a good day for OKC.
.antistratfordian.::KD tryna get his LeBron on.  Nice.  When Martin gets hot... watch out.
Great Year In Sports Brothers::Congratulations WEstbrick.... You &amp; Jeremy Lamb are the only ones who shot sub 30% from the field... Great job in leading your team buddy
BMITCH333::$@%!$ @%! $@%!$
BMITCH333::12 assists and only 2 turnovers, butt cheese
Soturburn::Thunder were better than the Clips last year and Clips took the season series 3-1.
jay98841::i cant wait to dominate these f@gs -chris paul
spccookzane::I love sweaty balls -jay98841
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::clippers are better than the thunder
jay98841::jamal crawford&gt;thunder bench
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::i heard soft as* durant was trying to fight, where was he when zbo and perkins wanted to go at it
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::if he doesnt talk trash and is quiet than its no problem that his personalty, but when he want to beef with somebody one day because u think u have an advantage, and dont want to get somebody's back another day because u dont like your chances it means ur soft
FadeBackShoot2Points::just because durant is quiet doesn't mean he's soft lol
FadeBackShoot2Points::yes but I'm guessing your calling him soft because he's quiet and doesn't trash talk..the same reason people call lebron soft
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::i never said anything about being quiet, but he picks his battles when he wants to beef with someone
Soturburn::Anybody know who is 2nd in the league in assists??  Ya........
BMITCH333::my man Westbrook! representin'
gsquared112::Anthony Davis: bust?
FadeBackShoot2Points::to early, you usually give them about 3 years to tell if their a bust or not
dvr2166::James Harden looked good off the bench tonight........oh wait thats right its K-Mart deep for 3
Soturburn::TheBirdsOfWar Just think how far the Thunder could go if Russell Westbrook didn't take so many bad shots.  Well last year it was the Finals.........so a RING?
Mac with da cheese88::Thank you lmaooom thought that was dumb
Maniacpkt::the thunder wouldn't have made it to the finals without him...so no?
LesMoonves65::Harden??? Whos that??  Kmart 28pts
FadeBackShoot2Points::I always get keyon martin and kevin martin mixed up whenever somebody says kmart, but anyways I think he's a better scorer than harden but he isn't half the play maker harden is.
Maniacpkt::well, since nobody wants to sign the old k-mart, he should get easier.  he is more efficient, it seems.  and more reliable from 3
Maniacpkt::very true, that will be missed
FadeBackShoot2Points::still hope my heat signs him..saying we really need him is an understatement our interior defense has been beyond awful  but yeah...he's much more efficient and a better 3 point shooter, he's a better scorer but harden is a better play maker..you can put the ball in his hands and he'll go make a play while martin is a spot up shooter relying on a play to be made for him.
Maniacpkt::it should get easier, not he
Mac with da cheese88::I wish we OJ mayo right now ! OJ would have fit perfect with Durant and Westbrook
Mac with da cheese88::We need Maynor.. Just hopes Perry Jones checks out
Maniacpkt::i wouldn't hold my breath, i  love him too
Mac with da cheese88::Hope he stays.. What about Maynor ?
Maniacpkt::maybe, maybe not.  at his age, even though still young, he won't demand as big of a paycheck as an oj mayo, just have to see how it goes.  i do share your concern, however
Mac with da cheese88::Just feel like he's gonna leave next year.. One year rental kinda thing
Maniacpkt::what's wrong with k-mart?  seems like a good fit to me
Inframzah::Hornets starters &gt; OKC reserve players  Got it down to just a 15 point lead. Take that OKC.
umer12007::I would hope your starters are a little better then the reserves of OKC.
IKnowYouReadThis::don't...don't...please don't embarrass yourself anymore. The Party is over...go home
LesMoonves65::Rondo leads the NBA in Assists per game  Number 2??? Russell Westbrook
LesMoonves65::Harden who????  Kmart 27points
TheBirdsOfWar::Just think how far the Thunder could go if Russell Westbrook didn't take so many bad shots.
Mac with da cheese88::Lebron &gt; Durant Wade &gt; Russ Bosh &gt; Ibaka  Harden was the key to us winning a championship this year
Mac with da cheese88::Not for a second I know basketball $@%!$@%!
Boomtown405::Stop saying us.  Ur a heat fan obviously
Treydey10::Durant has never made 1st team all NBA at his position, because of Lebron. I like Durant, but he's not better than Lebron.
FadeBackShoot2Points::if durant was the player and leader everybody says he is..WHERE WAS HE IN GAME 4?????? he did nothing but stand in the corner and be passive..westbrook almost led the thunder to a much needed win..when has lebron ever played with anybody like that in Cleveland? the 2nd option on his team was mo williams who avg 15 ppg in the ECF in 09..james harden avg 16 ppg in the playoffs coming off the bench..and mo williams was a starter.
Maniacpkt::he isn't a true point guard, he is a guy to dribble the ball up the floor
Olfin_Bedwere::The point guard shot 32 times. I like Westbrook, but 32 shots are too many for his position. Maybe he should have passed the ball a little more?
Mac with da cheese88::Does use logic they all hate Westbrook because skip told them too
Treydey10::So true^
Maniacpkt::wasn't durant in foul trouble for most of the finals? his defense is very suspect
Maniacpkt::thanks, wasn't sure
FadeBackShoot2Points::not in game 4..they changed him on to chalmers that game
Olfin_Bedwere::He still scored 28 points while Russell was jacking up shots left and right, so I'm not sure why you're blaming Durant for that.
FadeBackShoot2Points::my point is..in game 4 when he was expected to have a big game and led the thunder to a win why didn't he? why was he so passive..you can bash westbrook all you want but he's the one who took control and refused to lose while durant was passive the whole night
FlyersFansRule::Shut up about cleveland, he didn't win anything in Cleveland so therefore it DOES NOT MATTER.
FadeBackShoot2Points::he's did better in Cleveland than durant has done in OKC so far
ilovesportperiod::did you guys see this crazy play yett??? never see anything like it   make me hahaha  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKaMhvNJuV4
Oklahoman2424::Lebron is so good, he can carry any team to a championship. O wait, every title game he was in until LAST YEAR, he was nonexistent! THE TEAM CARRIED HIS BUSTED $@% IN THOSE GAMES! Congrats to Lebron for finally showing up last season. LOL
Maniacpkt::why is this even a debate?  anyone who says lebron isn't the best player in basketball has no clue what they are talking about.
Maniacpkt::it seems to me you are just trying trying to find ways make him not the best player.  who would you say is better?
Oklahoman2424::I am not debating that Lebron is better than Durant, I am debating that Lebron isn't this over powering force that no one even comes close to. People in here just think he is this  force that just magically does everything right and forget how mediocre he and his team was until he got league experience.
Maniacpkt::btw, i'm a thunder fan and i can't stand the heat, but facts are facts
FlyersFansRule::that's debatable, he isn't the best scorer at his position, nor the best rebounder, yes his overall game is better but, he has had a history of choking
Mac with da cheese88::The 3 time MVP just showed up last year ?
FlyersFansRule::Oklahoman2424 - I can't tell if you are agreeing with me or not.  I'll disect it for you and you tell me.  First sentence- Regular season mvp means nothing. Second sentence- Lebron got swept in the finals. l0l
Oklahoman2424::I can't tell if you are agreeing with me or not.
FlyersFansRule::Oklahoman2424 - Yes, I seem to remember him disappearing with the Cavs and against the Mavericks he was also nonexistent.  Exactly, i don't care if he can get there and be good in the regular season. It all comes down to the postseason and getting swept in the Finals isn't impressive if you ask me.
Oklahoman2424::By your standards, Durant carried his team during his first finals appearance while Lebum did nothing during his. O damn, I just proved a point you can't disprove. OH SNAP!
Oklahoman2424::Yes, I seem to remember him disappearing with the Cavs and against the Mavericks he was also nonexistent.
71Sterling::was there a fight?
Mac with da cheese88::Russel  was the only one who showed heart last year in the championship ! Durant got pushed off his spots constantly by Lebrons and Harden never showed up
Mac with da cheese88::By the way I'm a THUNDER FAN I'm just not a fanboy ! Durant isn't better than Lebron ! The Sonics were terrible Durants first year so bad they got the 4th pick ! We're terrible the next year got the 3rd pick ! By his 4 year he got bumped in the first round.. Lebrons 4th year he was beating the pistons you know who had been to the championship the previous 2 years and he was 22 years old !
FadeBackShoot2Points::the pistons ranked 5th in the league in defense that year also
FadeBackShoot2Points::durant can't carry a team...everybody was expecting him to come out in game 4 against the heat and carry the thunder to a win, he didn't he was passive and quiet..you know who almost did through? the man everybody loves to hate..russell westbrook...every time he gave durant the ball, he would pass it back to him..lol
FactsAreDelicious::I hope you realize durant avg 20+ points in the finals, you cant just say anything and expect people to believe you
FadeBackShoot2Points::I think lebrons numbers in the finals were..28 7 and 10 if I'm not mistaken   28 points..7 assist and 10 rebounds
FadeBackShoot2Points::lol in the finals durant avg 5 rebounds and lebron avg around 10? I think it was 9..and westbrook showed up in game 4..dropped 45 almost led them to a win and durant did what?
FactsAreDelicious::Harden nor westbrook showed up, and durant avged more rebounds and points than leFart?
FadeBackShoot2Points::yes he avg 30 but in game 4..where was he?
Treydey10::Westbrook get all the blame, and Durant gets very little if any lol.
TDUSM4::What an $@% kicking. Ugh.
GreenGux::Too much Durantula!!!
sportsfan1014::I still have my limited edition "OKC Hornets" jersey
