peezyfreshbaby57::What more fun to do watch a Spurs game or paint dry??
Fusiontron::Spurs can't win on the road.
OPL21stJS::Westbrook is garbage, i remember him shooting 0-19
Jennertalia::Nick Collison was the player of the game.  No doubt.  He dominated the boards.
Sinfulremedy::I think people forget how Nick used to score back in the Kanas I was glad to see him shoot more :)
Jennertalia::Also, his defense was impeccable.
WhyWAisbadforsports12345::This is for the city of Oklahoma City.  May I interest you in the purchase of a franchise which has . . . ahem . . . lets say not exactly had much success.  Now I'm not really sure if you're that much into baseball in OKC (wide open flat spaces are usually ideal) but judging by your enormous success with the team formerly known as the Seattle . . . Sub-Sonics I think they were called, I think you qualify as an ideal buyer of the Seattle Mariners.  While there are no guarantees for immediate success, there is a 99.9999974 % chance that you will receive the first overall pick for next years draft.  If you are interested, please call the city of Seattle at 1-888-S-P-O-R-T-S-A-R-N-T-O-U-R-T-H-I-N-G.  We are taking offers, and as of now, Dighton KS has offered 7 cows 11 bushels of wheat, and a 3year old bottle of Jack Daniels.  Our reserve has been met with this offer, and the clock is ticking.
Jennertalia::No, ESPN did an article about potentials cities adding a major sports team and OKC scored very badly.  We have the Thunder and we'll keep it that way.
WIkalikalou::OKC can't support a pro baseball team right now. Maybe in 15-20 years, but not now.
ok_sooner82::LMAO...now that's funny...but in reality right now I don't think OKC can support A Pro baseball team...and this coming from someone who was born and raised here in the metro of OKC
Huskies fan::$@%! you im still mad about the sonics thing and if they take another team i will cry myself to sleep.
OldBeCrYaNt24::I'm still having trouble deciding whats more boring, the Spurs offense, or a senior-citizens croquet tournament?..
ratfeast::This kind of criticism is getting really old.  They are very exciting to watch when they're not dragging their tails from the forth game in five nights.
meloncabron::Without Manu it's tough, but at least they're better than the Lakers.
ChilamBilam12::book it now.. Harden for 6th man of the year, he owns that second unit and would and could start for any team nationally.. keep it up Beard!
rolltide4204::my top 14 players 1.durant 2.lebron 3.dirk 4.wade 5.howard 6.carmelo 7.westbrook 8.paul 9.rose 10.kobe 11.griffin 12.aldridge 13.love 14.harden
OPL21stJS::Russel Westbrook is garbage!
T8ke_A_Picture::Y'all are the most dumbest ppl whoever comment, he said my top 14 players. Not Yours!
Nnamdi betta den Revis all day::it should be more like 1. lebron 2. lebron. 3. lebron. 4. durant
Sinfulremedy::mmm I don't know if lebron or the rest of the heat has enough room on his knob for you with ESPN already all over it.
ssiler1984::moron!!!!  harden at 14 lol.....you must be from OKC
Constantinius III::Idiotic.  Westbrook shouldn't even be up there, Harden at #14 is a joke, though he's good, and Durant shouldn't be ahead of Lebron, especially not this season.
teben33::The Thunder aren't my team but I'm still a big fan of theirs and watch them every chance I get.  This team is good enough and has the pieces to seriously compete for the title, but unless Westbrook changes his game (hasn't yet and doesn't seem likely), this team won't win a title. They are good enough to get deep, but not win it all when he's thinking score first. This team has star scorers in Durant and Harden, and three inside guys that also shoot at a very high percentage in Collison, Ibaka, and Perkins.  IF Westbrook took a page from Nash on how to play the point, this team would be on par with anyone.  Westbrook is NOT what this team needs in a point.  He has the talent, but not the mindset and "team first" attitude it takes. Seriously, Nash would be dishing out 15 assists a game regularly if he were on this team!
ok_sooner82::NEWSFLASH::::in the 2 losses so far Westbrooks shot attempts went down and assists went up AND THEY LOST....Westbrook makes the team better when he's shooting though he has bad shooting nights it gives them an edge if he played liked rondo or rose OKC would lose more games than not having westbrook,he's a threat because if he's not shooting teams would just double and triple team KD but because he plays the way he does they realize and respect the fact that he can score just as much as KD he can draw in defenders and kick it over to KD or Perkins or whoever or if they give him a look he can knock it down himself. Westbrook is not a prototypical PG and NEVER WILL BE and the sooner people realize this the better
rockhunter45::Oh, you mean the Steve Nash that didn't average more than 8 assists per game in any of his 1st seven seasons???? Unlike Westbrook who has done it twice in his first 4 seasons. Nuff said
rolltide4204::when did this team become such a force? last year when westbrook improved his game and began to score more it became one of the top teams in the league.. its his improvements that have brought this team to where it is.. durant has always been great but westbrook jumped into the top 10 players easy last year. hence the second team all nba
rolltide4204::lol collison ibaka and perkins are not scorers-- they get dunks and a few short jumpers off setups from westbrook or durant.. look at how this offense is run- its not setup for westbrook to get 15 assists its really not- he hands off to durant half the time and never sees the ball again- makes great passes and people dont finish constantly- he will still by the end of the year probably average 7.5 plus assists and be in the top ten in the league in scoring assists and steals so lets give him a break.. he had the best PER in the league out of pgs last year which judges ur efficiency and how good of a player u are. more efficient than rose paul dwill rondo nash
rolltide4204::ric bucher said this when asked about westbrook who he believes is better than durant.  Was hoping you could explain why you think Westbrook is more valuable (or better) than KD. Ric Bucher (1:45 PM)  See previous answer, in part. Westbrook can dominate his position, physically. Is he still a train wreck at times? Yes. But defensively he's a force, he's a far better rebounder for his position than KD and his penetration opens up opportunities for everyone on that OKC team. Just because he doesn't get the dime doesn't mean his drive and kick that leads to a drive and score by Harden or KD wasn't the impetus. KD is more efficient. That doesn't make him better. ..
SirSlowG::and this is why Ric Bucher is an idiot
rolltide4204::ur as dumb as a brick. he has averaged over 8 assists the last 2 years and is as talented as ny player in the entire league and a premiere legit top scorer in the league. how can u not love him.. as valuable to this team as ny player in the league is valuable to theirs
Fellerl@gvtc.com::WOW my team didn't win. That allows me to be a disrespectful idiot, and make fun of the other team and make excuses to why we lost, right? Just kidding, I don't act like a 5 year old.
PortlandBlazers1004::The Blazers board was too much of a bore and filled with ratchet Cavs fans...so I'm here. What's going on guys?
TomiRG::btw, love the blazers man..I앐 a Spurs fan but have tons of respect for the Blazers franchise, coach and team. McMillan is doing wonders with all the injuries he had to endure last seasons and Roy압 retirement.
TomiRG::not much
TomiRG::The Spurs without Manu are leaderless out there..I can see in future games in the season when the game is on the line, who압 gonna take the responsibility to finish off games and score for the team in the last 2/3 minutes?? I doubt Parker has the character to be clutch, so who is gonna be the closer for the Spurs?Jefferson? Neal? Duncan? Green? Bonner?!?! Good heavens I hope not..
Way Klaro::Russell Westbrook, PG	FG:5-13 ASSIST:5 Kevin Durant, SF FG:5-9 ASSIST:7  You can see how this Westbrook point guard not able to make his team mates better. He shoot the ball more often and not even making double figure assist. If you have Durant in your team you should be ashamed of shooting the ball and not giving it to him!   This will be the reason that OKC will never make it to championship if Westbrook is around.
rockhunter45::Well lets see. Parker has NEVER averaged more than 8 assists per game in any season in his career. Westbrook has averaged over 8 assists per game each of the last two seasons. I'd say your assumption that Westbrook doesn't distribute the ball as well as Tony = FAIL!  Westbrook is out performing Kidd in nearly every metric at the same point in their respective careers. And he is doing it without having a David Robinson or Tim Duncan to lob the ball into the post every night.
rolltide4204::u people are ignorant.. westbrook is one of the best scorers in the league,, and has been one of the best assist guys in the league the last 2 years.. easily a top 10 player so just stop.
wilkincc2::westbrook has yet to play his best ball.......and the thunder are 8-2. he and the team will be just fine  i never heard ANYONE talking about how westbrook is selfish until the playoffs last year. its just the way the guy plays. hes never going to be a jason kidd and the team would suffer if he did. they need his scoring to take pressure off of durant.
TomiRG::Exactly. Don앖 get me wrong, Westbrook is a GREAT player, but I agree he has to know that when his shots aren앖 falling, then pass the damn ball!!  Besides, it압 his job in the first place to set up his teammates and make them better, that압 what PGs are supposed to do.
SirSlowG::wow.  not even close to accurate
Antsea91::^lol? Nice job making stats up. Kidd's lowest apg is 7.7 in his rookie year.... He then went on to average at least 9 assists per game for 9 years straight. I don't know where you got your info from  buddy
rockhunter45::Westbrook has avg more assist per game the last two seasons than Kidd ever has
T8ke_A_Picture::Dummy you do know Durant drawls double teams, making it easier to hit the wide open person for a assist right? People don't know the game of basketball and spit nonsense.
Antsea91::durant draws double teams yet he is still more efficient than westbrook.
Way Klaro::IF you are watching the game, more often Westbrook shoot the ball not from Durant assists. Westbrook should learned from Jason Kidd on how to dominate a game without attempting to shoot!
TomiRG::yeah he attracts double teams but in spite of that I still think he loves more to shoot than to pass.
TomiRG::That압 because Westbrook loves to shoot more than having a cheeseburger, his so greedy with his shot geez!! He is not a PG, he is a SG disguised as a PG.
Mega_Tron4::agreed....
crmacdo::You are an Idiot
ChilamBilam12::Reggie Jackson showed a lot of promise tonight, nice to see the rookie show up when we needed him most.. no doubt losing Maynor (who may be the best backup PG in the league) is going to hurt us, but to see a rookie come off the bench ice cold and hang 11 points and 4 assists while leading the Thunder's second unit in dominating fashion was impressive.. Thunder Up!
Sinfulremedy::I thought the exact same thing :) Jackson did amazing and it was nice to see Durant encouraging him...letting him know he deserves to be on the court too :)
bluedevils1148::Thunder-Blazers west final. Sixers-Heat east final. Call me crazy for picking Philly, but it'll happen.
beachdude730::You are both idiots
Way Klaro::Crazy! :)  Still I think Dallas will win it all. They will gona peak during playoffs. Dirk + 2 sixth best six men come on!
canez309::I want a Thunder vs. Heat Finals. Now.
super red espresso snowflake::Ah, Kobe's 2nd half bricks have begun.  As usual.
Pun1sher7::that's a tough blow for Maynor. He was pretty valuable as a backup PG, hopefully that other guy can deliver adequately
Sinfulremedy::Jackson did pretty well in this game I was glad to see. Hoping he can carry on and get better. I saw they pulled Ivey out too. Wishing Maynor a speedy recovery.
NewYorkMetsMan::Thunder up! Praying for Maynor.
super red espresso snowflake::solid win.  NEXT!
spurscowboys1312::not bad for a team with out two starters. see ya when we're healthy, thunder
DJS425::SEATTLE SUPERSONICS SEATTLE SUPERSONICS SEATTLE SUPERSONICS!!
winner5579::The Thunder WILL NEVER BE THE SONICS, because the Thunder are WINNERS!! The sonics were LOSERS!!
super red espresso snowflake::The Thunder will always be the Sonics to me.  I don't care, still love 'em.
johemake::Where are they??? DEAD AND GONE!!!!!
spurscowboys1312::that's all right, Spurs, keep on fighting GO SPURS GO!!!!!
scape228::So much for the Spurs. Although Ginobli getting hurt early in the season  means he might be healthy come playoff time. So perhaps this year they become the sleeper time. Still that only means they get out of the 1st round but they are not contenders.
crzymizzoufan::Harden is an x-factor. This guy is carrying the Thunder.
Pun1sher7::Harden is a starting caliber player coming off the bench. He's Lamar Odom X2. Dude's going to be a star soon
Dhauser123::totally agree, he is definitively good to have out there
crzymizzoufan::A little reminiscent of Odom when he was a Laker.
thunderfan93::harden is a huge force in every game. he is hands down the best sixth man in the league.
crzymizzoufan::Durant too, but I don't think the Thunder would be 8-2 w/out Harden.
crzymizzoufan::Durant too, but I don't think the Thunder would be 8-2 w/out Harden.
OklahomaDrew::Durant?
RollThunder35::I guess I dont understand the Pop hate.  I dont feel like I have to hat on any teams, especially after a victory.  Except for Lebron.  He gets waaaaayyy to much credit for being such a choke artist.  He is a ticket seller and money maker,  Not a clutch winner.
Oh No__There Goes Tokyo::Pop sucks. One of the most overrated coaches of all time.
fightinillini32::Probably the dumbest comment I've heard today.
jared575757::is that the best you can do trolling. wow, at least try and be original
fightinillini32::Or be smart.
NOVABuffalo::4 rings don't lie troll
phxpilot3::Since westbrook plays in small market okc we must create a story to lure him to the knicks  -espn
Mega_Tron4::durant said he likes the small market better
thunderfan93::*cough* *cough* carmelo *cough* *cough* amari
E L FUDGE::The knicks is where basketball careers die
EGGY126::All the hate on Pop is kind of pointless. It's not fair to say he rode Duncan's coattails or anything like that considering he won 61 games with Duncan averaging career lows in points and rebounds last year. And to say the least in the last couple of years he's done a masterful job of adjusting to Duncan's decline by changing the tempo and pushing the ball more. And so far this year their 3 and 1 without Manu so I think Pop does a great job as head coach. He's also one of the best at drawing up late game plays as evidenced by that Duncan 3 pointer in the play offs last year. Only Pop is brilliantly insane enough to draw up a play like that in the playoffs but it WORKS and that's what makes him a great coach. To say a coach is only relevant because of his star player is pretty hypocritical because then we could just say Phil was only good because he had Jordan and Kobe.
Oh No__There Goes Tokyo::Pop sucks.
cod4hooper::Yeah no great coach has ever won anything without somes coat tail to ride. He's done really well this year considering Duncan not playing like Duncan and without ginobli. Pop is a great coach. With that being said...GO THUNDER!!
NOVABuffalo::This game went as expected ---- Thunder convincing folks they are the team to beat in the west.  Spurs ought to get their first road win against the Bucks, so no too bad out of the gate and without Manu.   If they go 40-50% in road games, hey make the playoffs and see if they can atone for last year's kidney punch.
FrankPistachio211::I turned this game off midway through the 3rd quarter because I knew it was over; can someone tell me what happened to Parker?
FrankPistachio211::Ugh.... DAMN IT...
spur4lever::Hurt his hip in the 3 rdd
FrankPistachio211::Give me a serious answer, dude. Did he get injured?
CompletelyIrrevelant::He sucked big time
FrankPistachio211::Ugh... I'm thoroughly convinced that the Spurs will struggle to even manage to win 10 road games this year.
LandMan152::First team in the NBA to win all 3 games of a back to back to back.... Thunder up! 8-2!
WIkalikalou::Wasn't this Oklahoma City Thunder team suppose to be falling apart at the seams? What gives ESPN?
RollThunder35::It's called "sensationalism."
Matthew85633::what's with all the popovich hate?
.Silky Johnson.::Oh No There Goes Tokyo sounds a lot like spicychicken...
cod4hooper::It's ignorance obviously. People can ONLY talk crap in a disrespectful manner. Greg is a great coach...
epickylesimms::probally because hes WASHED UP
Oh No__There Goes Tokyo::Its obvious...isnt it. The guy rode Duncans coattails in his prime and cant coach worth a lick without him.
Matthew85633::he kind of admitted that earlier in his career no.....that's no reason to all of a sudden call him popobitch.
WIkalikalou::Yeah, I have no idea.
Oh No__There Goes Tokyo::When Popobitch is your coach and he doesnt have a Tim Duncan in his prime....you know you're in trouble.
spur4lever::We have no manu parker got hurt and blairand it was close at that oint. Take durant out then let westbrook get hurt and harden on the road and okc would get smoked
Doxito::YTF did popovich give up with 2 minutes to go in the 3rd quarter??? it was like a 18 point deficit at that point... he takes out all starters and the deficit balloons to like 25.. then he decides its too much and never puts in the starters again...  worst part about it.. i have Tony Parker and Russell Westbrook in fantasy and am down by 3 assists...   also had Kendrick Perkins and am down by 1 fking block  $@% u Popovich for giving up u dam pu$$$y
t-roy_jenkins::its a compacted season, you need to pick your battles wisely.....
Doxito::this was an important battle, as it is a Sunday and the last day of a Fantasy week  my fantasy team &gt; regular season games
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::when gary neal is your top preformer, you know youre in trouble!!
epickylesimms::lol
EGGY126::Kawhi Leonard's double double was the only good thing the Spurs could take away from this one.
rumplenuts::Good Job scrubs, had it all the way!!!!
CompletelyIrrevelant::OKC will take the role of the Saviors of Basketball from Mavs and will beat Miami $@%! in the finals
Oh No__There Goes Tokyo::Popobitch getting schooled again.
newport356::What she order??
JustDza::what's gucci?
t-roy_jenkins::fish filet....
swami30::lol lucky
WIkalikalou::Reggie Jackson looks pretty good.
albertomb::OVERRRR
swami30::they wont get the over
J-SMOOVE2014::is nba tv blacked out with nba league pass?
J-SMOOVE2014::Maynor done for the year.  big loss
t-roy_jenkins::only 9 shots for durant, what gives?
Mega_Tron4::ended up with a double-double and 7 asts
Mega_Tron4::didnt need him its called team sport
t-roy_jenkins::since when does he play like that?
