Matt1105::The Atlantic Division winner will have a 30-52 record.
Guesswhat78::How much is Robinson worth? Chicago made a mistake and not rewarding good play. Now with rose out Robinson would have made being a fan easier.
abner herbenovitz::After Sunday's 112-98 loss to the Denver Nuggets, he probably wishes they could. The Nuggets reserves outscored their Raptors counterparts 72-16 as Denver pulled away in the fourth quarter. ''Our bench has got to give us something,'  you are a nice man, Don Casey. So let me help you out,   you played with ten guys today. NINE.  Brian Shaw played everyone but four scratches. Does Torontah really need DJ Augustin? The Raptors play in the Atlantic, a division that seems determined to send all five teams to the draft lottery.   So knowing that Lowry was going to need a breather, why didnt you make DJ active?   Once again 10 Raptors played and six Raptors sat.  thank you and O Canada
CSONKA_39::Man, the East sucks balls.
Commenter::i say denver beats toronto 120 to 105
Mister E::Jonas was +5, in the end that's the best stat.  Please commit to a full rebuild around this guy.  Trade Rudy Gay (and probably Lowry as well)
Anton::I'm just happy for Nate Robinson for having a team that wanted him and now he is balling at an all-star level. So glad the Bulls lost D-Froze for the season. That is called karma after you left Nate hanging.
Person Dude::Rudy Gay is right up there with Carmelo as the biggest ballhog in the NBA.
Rhinogold::Way too deep a team for the raptors to contend with...
No nickname::Raptors you have to stop the ball. You cannot allow someone to drive to the hoop unabated. This happened time and time again.   No distribution of the ball. Gay, Lowry, and DeRozan are very talented. Talent is one thing and greatness is another. Great players make there teammates better. You do what the team needs. If your shot is not going find other ways to help your team. Rebounds, assists, and tough defense. Do the things that may not show up in the stat book. Take a charge and get on the floor after a loose ball. You cannot go one on one every time down the floor and expect to win games.
