william27836::BOBCATS SUCK!!!
Rickster7218::Does anyone know what happened to Hakim Warrick?
NjFan11::I don't think the Bobcats have any fans
Chris6187400::I just don't understand why this team is so bad. To make matters worse, Brooklyn had double the amount of turnovers...
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Didn't the bobcats have like.. 7 wins in the first month?1
IversonDaGreatest3::lol how can you be a fan of the bobcats
atk6e::Another nailbiter for the Bobcats.
JT0710::lmfao nets and elite dont belong in the same sentence , u guys beat the bobcats and ur hype hahaha
brooklynnets7::Nets are clearly elite
Scott50559::Been following this betting system called SportsBettingStar.  I doubled my initial balance my first month and made almost $3000 my 2nd month just following its bets.  You can find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
Scott50559::I have made about  $3,000 a month  on average over the past 2 months now by following this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. When I found this site it was on the first page of Google when searching for Sports Betting Systems. This system works and will make you money. Hope this helps a bettor out there not having much luck.
RANGERS1FAN_::NOTHING BUT NETS 2013 AND BEYOND.......YA'HEARD!!!!!   ;-)
JonahNYC::C'mon Nets. 24 turnovers?
Scott50559::I started playing an online betting system called SportsBettingStar.  Since I started, Ive made an average profit of $3,000 a month.  I really hope that this reaches someone that is looking for an online betting system that really works.
Scott50559::Been following a betting system named SportsBettingStar the last few months.  Ive made around 2-3K per month using the systems advice.  You will find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
Scott50559::Been betting with an online system called SportsBettingStar for a few months.  Ive made over $3,000 a month now for 3 straight months since I started following it.  This system was on the very first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
CC___2013::Nets beat up another NBA cellar dweller. What a shock.
Mets2410::that's what good teams do
Thedevil25::So what are you saying?
JonahNYC::Pssst. Nets aren't 20th in power rankings, "Nets fan".
geoyank2::That the Nets deserve their #20 power ranking (and I'm a Nets fan).
NjFan11::BROOOOOOK-LYNNNNNNNNN
UNCHeels725.::-__- Celtics won.
UNCHeels725.::That puts the Knicks in second.  Smh.
thekola::wont last. tomorrow they get obliterated by the thunder
pantherfan2488::Even though we have the money for anyone next year.  Who can we REALISTICALLY pick up from the FA for next season
TCluvcarpanthers::Maybe, maybe Paul Millsap if we offer him almost a max.
Thedevil25::ok.  i feel stupid
TCluvcarpanthers::Lol, we're talking about the Bobcats.
Thedevil25::can't afford it.  We would have to get rid of Hump and no one wants him
Thedevil25::I would like Hickson, but i don't know if he is a free agent
Indychase22897::Bobcats choked. Would have never imagined.
NjFan11::More Mirza, less Evans. Evans is only good at rebounding and passing. His inability on offense outweighs both those things
Thedevil25::Thank you.  Putting another shooter out there opens things up for everyone.  Blatche or Mirza it really doesn't matter but please stop starting Evans
NjFan11::Blatche should come off bench for Lopez. We have no other Center.
Surreal1977::Anybody else find it ironic that the greatest player in NBA history owns quite possibly the worst franchise in NBA history?
Thedevil25::Possibly.  They are the worst
Thedevil25::i'm still not getting the rotation with P.J.  Is it really going to hurt this team with trying a combo of Blatche at the PF and Lopez down low.  I would even like to see Teletovic start with Wallace coming off the bench.  Play 5 on 5 baskteball to start.  Not 5 on 3.
thekola::Crash's defensive presence is needed. i wouldnt start blatche but i agree that the two bigs should play together sometimes.
thekola::Thedevil25 - MT3 wouldn't be able to handle the 4.  offensively it would be a good move taking the others big away from the rim but defensively he would get killed.  he's 6-9 255, i think he can handle his own at the 4. way too slow to guard small forwards.
Thedevil25::MT3 wouldn't be able to handle the 4.  offensively it would be a good move taking the others big away from the rim but defensively he would get killed.
thekola::Thedevil25 - Ok.  Leave Wallace in, but please take Evans out.  It's really not going to hurt this squad with starting Blatche.  Lopez and Blatche in at the same time could be a problem for a lot of teams lacking size.  I say Blatche at PF cause he has better movement without the ball  blatche might have trouble guarding 4s. I would personally start MT3 at the 4 and play the two bigs together at times to go big
Thedevil25::Ok.  Leave Wallace in, but please take Evans out.  It's really not going to hurt this squad with starting Blatche.  Lopez and Blatche in at the same time could be a problem for a lot of teams lacking size.  I say Blatche at PF cause he has better movement without the ball
pantherfan2488::It's called bad (or no) adjustments at the half.  Teams don't fall off like that on their own.  Dunlap has consistently been bad at adjusting at the NBA level
pantherfan2488::You've been here every game like I have.  Can you honestly say that end of games (when they were close) were handled well?  How bout the starts of every 2nd half.  When we have a lead we ALWAYS...and I mean almost always, lose this lead immediately.  It is because the opposing coach changes his scheme, and stops what we have been doing.  Our players always seem slow to adapt and confused.  We have enough talent to win more than 13 games.   I believe that
TCluvcarpanthers::Therefore, when faced against a veteran, more talented team, they lose.
steelersbobcatsredsox::he has been out coached in many games this season
TCluvcarpanthers::He's a rookie coach. Give him time.
TCluvcarpanthers::His team lacks talent.
The Brooklyn Dynasty Got Postponed by Sandy::im back with a different account.  Pg: Havent thought of one Sg: Dwade, Vince Carter, Kobe Bryant type player Sf: Shawn Marion, Luol Deng, Gerald Wallace type plater Pf: Dirk, David West C:Joakim Noah, Tyson Chandler, Larry Sanders( in a few years)
Mets2410::no LeBron type player?
djny2k12::Nets with 24 turnovers....lucky they were playing the Bobcats....it's a recurring theme and will doom this team come playoff time.
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::this went from almost a bad loss, to a huge win with the second half performance
steelersbobcatsredsox::although the fact that the cats only scored 25 points in the second half annoys me to no end, i cant help but be excited for how mkg has played the past two games
Volans19::Has Hump really been playing that bad this season?
9edr0::should have traded him to Charlotte
Super Bowl NFL 11-11-93::You might as well cut him because he is a waste of roster space.
Mets2410::trade him next year big expiring contract
ninjafoob33::m_gunnerswhat  is bobcats shooting,5% from the field?????? they miss almost all their shots...get out from the NBA..bring some top Europe teams in...NBA ,World championship it seems!!! crap team like BOBcats... ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- could have said the same to you in '09
Mets2410::nice win Nets! good game Charlotte you guys got a good young team love Kemba and MKG
valpodarko::man, hump really is OUT of the rotation SMH
Mets2410::oh damn mkg
thekola::so Hump cant even get in for garbage time? he's really earning that 12 mil per.
TCluvcarpanthers::Alex Len and Archie Goodwin/Kentavious Caldwell-Pope/Tim Hardaway Jr. to the Bobcats please!
9edr0::need all 4 of them
steelersbobcatsredsox::hopefully the bobcats draft mclemore and olynyk
Mets2410::isn't mclemore a shooting guard?
9edr0::yea and Portlands pick and up to about 30million in cap space should be vastly improved next year
steelersbobcatsredsox::hendo is a restricted FA so he will most likely be gone in a sign and trade
Mets2410::yeah never mind my bad I was thinking of mkg as a sg not sf so ya mclemore, kemba, and mkg would be sick
Michael385170::Gordon, yes.  Henderson, IDK
9edr0::Hendo is a FA isn't he and Gordon is leaving also
steelersbobcatsredsox::yeah, hendo will most likely be traded this offseason so there will be an opening
Michael385170::Come on put your reserves in Nets coach the game is over
9edr0::Charlotte is so inconsistent scoring 50+ in one half then probably not gonna get 30 the next
TCluvcarpanthers::It's a young team; stuff like that happens.
9edr0::and Dumlap doesn't have a clue in the world what he is doing
9edr0::not this bad tho what is this gonna be 4 straight blowouts?
Michael385170::TCP, yeah he needs so experience and we will be much better.  Bryon hardly played tonight
TCluvcarpanthers::MKG?   We're not gonna be the doormat of the NBA for the next 4 years. We'll be playoff team.
Michael385170::We will not!  The magic will be with us
JackAstro45::no excuses, this team is pure garbage, they have no talent except for Henderson and Walker..this team will be the doormat of the NBA for the next 4 yrs
m_gunners::what is bobcats shooting,5% from the field?????? they miss almost all their shots...get out from the NBA..bring some top Europe teams in...NBA ,World championship it seems!!! crap team like BOBcats...
DPetro10::Hey nets fans lets go troll the Knicks board because they did the same for us when we were down
BKNets123456::true
patsmayo1::only in charlotte can you lead by 10 at the half, and be down by 12 pts at the start of the 4th quarter- this team is awful!
patsmayo1::Michael Jordan needs to hang his head in shame, this team has no fire, little talent, on zero chemistry
JackAstro45::or like when they played the LAL, were up by 20 the majority of the game, and then lost it all in the last 7 min of the 4th
TCluvcarpanthers::Perfect team given players in the modern NBA  PG: Chris Paul (facilitator) SG: Kobe Bryant (post up threat)  SF: Kevin Durant (scorer)  PF: Lebron James (all-around dynamo) C: Joakim Noah (hustle and grit)   All of them are well above average passers and defenders for their position.
mikeyjm1412::This will not work... Lbron will pass too much, kobe will shoot too much and everyone else will be left to dry...
mikeyjm1412::I just assume that will happen but I am sure they can work something out... But it will be tough to field a team full of talent like this one and use all of their abilities for the benefit of the team...
TCluvcarpanthers::Did Kobe "shoot too much" in the Olympics when he was surrounded by a team similar to this? O... right, he didn't.
DPetro10::Hahaha Knicks suck dick
soliuz2k::bobcats always i mean always choke in the 2nd half
DPetro10::I feel bad for the bobcats their roster isn't horrible all they need is fan support and a solid coaching staff... This will be a big year for them to grab someone in the off season
AGermanTaco v2.0::They should go for Nerlens Noels in the draft... a frontcourt of Noels &amp; MKG has a very bright future
AGermanTaco v2.0::Who are the Nets gonna pick up at the draft this year?? The last 8 years' draft picks have been horrible
Mets2410::ya Lopez has been one terrible draft pick
AGermanTaco v2.0::There have been good picks, like Brooks, Lopez, hell, throw in TWill in there... but there have been many, many, MANY busts
mikeyjm1412::There has been a few possible gems but overall a lot of busts...
thekola::also Lopez has been within the past 8 years
thekola::weak draft class this year. didnt the nets draft Brooks recently?
thekola::AGermanTaco v2.0 - Check out the picks before that... the picks between Lopez and Brooks, and the picks before Lopez... a bunch of weak euro players that never developed  good point, just sayin it hasnt been all bad. anyways, this year aint gonna be any good. they arent gonna be in the lottery and its a weak class.
AGermanTaco v2.0::Check out the picks before that... the picks between Lopez and Brooks, and the picks before Lopez... a bunch of weak euro players that never developed
TCluvcarpanthers::That "perfect" team sounds like the Lakers.
JTorcasso::it the laker starting five exactly
TCluvcarpanthers::Yea and that team is far from perfect.
JTorcasso::well. its:  Steve Nash Kobe MWP Pau Dwight
TCluvcarpanthers::Except Earl Clark cannot post up.
The Original Brooklyn Dynasty::Perfect team- Pg: Makes others better, distributes well, can play at different paces Sg: Good shooter, athletic, decent defender Sf: can make threes, above average defender, complements other 4 teammates pf: can space floor and post up, average defender, somewhat athletic c: shot blocker/ good defender, can run floor, decent athlete and passer
DPetro10::Evans!!???
Mets2410::I would take PG: Chris Paul SG: Wade SF: LeBron PF: REGGIE EVANS C: Healthy Dwight
Mets2410::nah I'm kidding I just couldn't think of who to put at PF lol
mikeyjm1412::Paul, Lebron, Wade, and Howard will shoot the ball. Evans will just rebound... That is probably how he sees it...
Talentsojhin::why not Dirk at PF?
TCluvcarpanthers::Lol, that team is the freakin' Lakers.
thekola::you telling chris paul and rondo don't fit your description of a PG??
Porkchop8920::None of the guys you listed can create for themselves and there's no very good defenders
mikeyjm1412::Any extra skills from any of the players is an added bonus... Nice interpretation my friend...
TCluvcarpanthers::Seems mediocre.   A perfect team would consist of Olympians.
AGermanTaco v2.0::Cheese!
