texasrocks123456::Nice rebound win after a tough road trip, our schedule eases up over the next 8 games we should be able to pad our record before the home stretch.
Sonic_speed1::SMH and some of u wanted to trade Joe
ttecza::whoops
Luke Walton on Cavs Bench::Fuck²
Luke Walton on Cavs Bench::$@%! ²
Luke Walton on Cavs Bench::Fuck²
Luke Walton on Cavs Bench::&lt;²&gt;$@%!&lt;²&gt;
Luke Walton on Cavs Bench::$@%!"²"
Luke Walton on Cavs Bench::²FUck
Luke Walton on Cavs Bench::²Fuck²
Luke Walton on Cavs Bench::²Fuck²
yorkallday::aquille carr 5'6 got 57 points in a game, averages 30 in high school committed to seton hall   espn sais carr is next big thing si compared him to nash.... NBA WATCHOUT  more on the little aquille carr http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
SallieManda::Yeah TJ567, there was this game that set the SEC record http://bit.ly/zcantq
dig0003::people don't realize the hawks have been without there two best players (joe johnson.. ~6 games, al horford since early jan) for much of this season
captinbeezo::Its joe Johnson's team. He's been proving that since coming back from that injury! Keep it up Joe. Josh keep doing what your doing. When AL come back we'll be super ready for playoffs!
brattboy99::Joe Johnson decided to show up tonight?
jessehill1965::Been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I've made over $3,000 each month now for two months straight following this particular system. You can find it on the first page of Google.com by searching the words "sports betting system"  This system is the best I have followed  in many years of sports betting
JulioJonesBrother::Our 4 and 5 combining for 15 assists! What I like to see.
thelakerslostcausekobedidntpass::Been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I've made over $3,000 each month now for two months straight following this particular system. You can find it on the first page of Google.com by searching the words "basketball betting system"  This system works well for betting on sports
yorkallday::aquille carr 5'6 got 57 points in a game, averages 30 in high school committed to seton hall  espn sais carr is next big thing si compared him to nash.... NBA WATCH OUT... more on the little aquille carr http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
thegoodwitch666::it's all about jsmoo... to keep him engaged, drew lets him shoot, knowing smoo gets pissed when he misses and makes up for it some other way...  it's hysterical...   but cmon, they're missing some key bodies and staying in games, unraveling less, etc....   it aint the coach
Metropolitan8::Wiz are a joke since forever
Sidney -Noodle Head- Crosby::Just like the Mets, Knicks, Nets and Jets right?
sanctie170::It's just sad that Al Horford is out for the Hawks; God knows how much noise they could have made in the Playoffs with him heathly!
captinbeezo::he'll be back this season
lets go caps1548::NVM NVM
lets go caps1548::GO CAPS GO!!! GO CAPS GO!!! GO CAPS GO!!! GO CAPS GO!!! GO CAPS GO!!! :O
mrclarion::Good game Hawks, lets get on a hot streak.
FuqnRonSwanson::These guys are legit
FuqnRonSwanson::uncharacteristically Washington is beginning to lose momentum
FuqnRonSwanson::Andray Blatche is the Rony Seiklay of his time
FuqnRonSwanson::Its only a matter of time before John Wall takes over
FuqnRonSwanson::No doubt this team Washington makes a run at the title
FuqnRonSwanson::You sir are a scholar and a gentlemen
The once thought table fortitude of what it was::Thank you
The once thought table fortitude of what it was::I get it because it's supposed to be sarcasm and therefore funny
FuqnRonSwanson::Washington just never lays down!
FuqnRonSwanson::John Wall is a great basketball player
tdawg44446::John Wall is playing inspired basketball now that he knows he doesn't have a ret@rd for a starting center.
FuqnRonSwanson::Washington is also a fierce team
FuqnRonSwanson::They are committed to Excellence
FuqnRonSwanson::ATL is a real good team
DirtyBirdz4life::You know whats interesting? Since Joe has been back, it has reduced Josh Smiths stats drastically from when Joe was injured. I know it is natural for him to step up as the team leader, but Josh did very well during Joe's Absence and now he has started to drift off again. I prefer that our Offense is run a bit more by Josh than by Joe because it seems less disjointed in my opinion.
maccasgay::johnson wake the fak up
Jayswillbringit::Atlanta needs to wake up. I know not having Marvin &amp; Willie hurts but this is embarrassing!
aftern9ne::Atlanta is the most woefully mismanaged team to ever be a perennial playoff contender. ASG thinks coasting into the post-season and exiting in the second round every year is good enough. IT IS NOT. They are running this team into the ground both on and off the court. They won't rest until they can sell the Hawks to some other city and leave us wearing the dunce cap.
STR8REBEL::To be fair, the fan base in Atlanta has been weak. The only time the Hawks had somewhat of of a fan base was back in the day when they had Nique and Doc Rivers. The Hawks team today, is by no means a legit title contender. He dissed the fans for booing him (rightfully so) in the 2010 playoffs. What do the Hawks front office do, sign him to a $100 million contract.
Ckdima::r the hawks gone win second half
NyTimes555::WWW.FADETHEBOOKIE.C O M....SPORT HANDICAPPING WEBSITE...I OWN THIS SERVICE…MY RECORD IS 227-93-6 IN THE PAST 5 MONTHS...I HAVE OVER 300 MEMBERS AND OVER 10 ACCESS PLANS TO CHOOSE FROM…I WAS THE MANAGER AT PROCAPPERS BEFORE I WENT SOLO AND OPENED MY OWN SERVICE...REGISTRATION IS FREE...JUST PICK A PACKAGE THAT BEST SUITS YOUR NEEDS…I AM CURRENTLY RUNNING A MONTHLY SPECIAL AND A***EARLY BIRD MLB FULL SEASON PLAN~~Valid Until March 21st <b>Last Day For 2 Month Special!! <b>MLB Early Bird Available!!</b></b>
norfolkputaforkinem::I started playing a betting system called Sportsbettingstar two months ago. Since starting I have won over 3K a month following this system. I found it by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google. I have bet on sports for several years now and this is the best system I have ever followed
jaykeia::So Atlanta thought they were so good that they didn't need to make a trade...but they're down to one of the sorriest teams in the league smh...im so done with them!
Lebronwadebosh6334::Atlanta is whack! Sorry @ss mothafuckas can't even pull away being at home against the wizards! Wtf
RIP mario williams - born houston 2006 - died buffalo bills::they do this all the time  its been there MO for like 2 years now
RIP mario williams - born houston 2006 - died buffalo bills::atlanta is a disgrace at home to some teams that come in and play them  atlanta hardly shows the grit they used to to grind out these games.  so many times ive seen them play at home and there is no urgency to press most times and they lack that killer intensity  this team has no identity...and they p|ss me off
seferson::booker needs 35 mins a night
cmonson3::Wow, Wall has been doing a great job passing the ball lately. thats what sets him apart from guys like Westbrook and even Rose. He is a damn good passer
Sluggerface::Really? been shooting pretty damn well in this game.
seferson::great ball handler and defender, can't shoot
getz104::Yea his ceiling is actually much higher than those guys because of that
Rocketsfan001::joe johnson has 15 in first quarter
