mr mellow::John will be judged by leadership, jump shot, and wins bottom line. Best wishes to John, RG3 got a 'leg up' in the naion's capital.  Followed by Stephen Strausburg.
Kreator78::"Ivan the Terrible" truly is. ;)
AJONEZ50::John Wall will end up a better pro than Kyrie Irving.  John Wall has been virtually banged up his whole NBA career thus far. He would certainly be an All-Star by now if not for injuries.  Kyrie is a shooting point guard.  John Wall has a lot more physical tools than Kyrie Irving: He's bigger, faster, and stronger.  How many scoring point guards have flamed out in the NBA in the last 10 years: Allen Iverson, Steve Francis, Stephon Marbury,etc. Kyrie Irving is not better than any of those guys by any stretch, but Wall has the ability to eclipse two of those guys ( Marbury and Francis).  Please don't confuse personal taste with ability, they have no correlation.
ernesto15341::Don't even embarrass urself by saying wall is better then Kyrie
RNYC::You are on crack. Once Kyrie bolts Cleveland its going to be lights out.
CandySparker::;):)
RobChudzinski_BrownsHC::Remember when John Wall tried so hard in the All Star Games "Rising Stars" competition when everyone else was playing ZERO defense? That was hilarious, he was taking it so seriously so that he could get Rising Stars MVP, but the real cream of the crop, Kyrie, EASILY stole his thunder. lol. John Wall is a joke.
AJONEZ50::Walls game is not scoring, he's a true pg.  His shooting will improve, as will his overall game, but Irving has a ceiling.  His game is predicated on putting the ball in the basket.  He's not a shooting guard.
yograndma821::since when is  averaging 16,8, and 5 a joke?
GrizzNation841::How do Wizards fans feel about Wall's weight gain? It's pretty shocking.
Mr. C1ean::Not as shocking as his Javale McGee-like intelligence.
My_Handwriting_Isnt_Legible::I missed Wall's 1st game back. :-(
James Harden 3 point Celebration::Wall!!!
rex Minturn::#ZardNation
ChicagoSingh::Atlanta loses to WASH, Chi loses to PHX. Dah fuqq
CELTICS ARE SO OLD::Chicago and Atlanta are $@% teams
bradyandjrich::What happens when Wall returns...
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::The last 8 games although they won 2 of them have been very sluggish and drab. When I watch the players attitude on the court it's a huge difference from that 19-9 team and the 2-6 team of the past couple weeks.   At least we ain't the Lakers. :-)
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::This team is clearly hurting right now, can't find any consistent play the last 5 to 6 games. Really showed tonight, when they lose to the Wizards(no offense). :-)  You know something is amiss.
chenzhen::Can the Hawks get a real coach please?!?!
joeyxfly::Damn if John ever got a jump shot he would be unstoppable
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::welcome back, john wall. still expect him to become a great player
GeorgeTownDC29::Wall and Beal = future all-star back court
JrueRandallHoliday::*D-League all-stars.
Laker fan since Adam ate that Forbidden Apple::John Wall is ready to BALL!!
redskinselportiswin::Business is about to pick up in Washington!
GeorgeTownDC29::John Wall starting is MVP campaign a little late. Go Wiz 2 in a row!!!
redskinselportiswin::No it is not to late, if the Wizards turn their season around and make the Playoffs while John Wall puts up numbers, he will be the MVP!
GeorgeTownDC29::Pretty much, but if we make a run and come up a little short it will hurt us in the draft. IDK still gonna hope for the playoffs
dubcheedubmee::its damn near statistically impossible...theyd have to win like 95% of their games the rest of the season
LilVdog88::Im being a homer on this but what the wiz end up woth otto porter good defender and decent in scoring plus we still need a legitmate 3 for the future
ovechkinsgoal::wiz don't need porter, they need another scorer on the wing.
GeorgeTownDC29::Shabazz Mohammed
taayox::Prefer Zeller Or Shabazz Mohammed.
LilVdog88::Yeah thats true we struggle with devolping are players we have alot of talent
dubcheedubmee::wiz need some help with player development....no reason why Jan Vesely rides the pine
dubcheedubmee::yeah your right....serraphin should be on the block going to work instead hes shooting top of the key jumpers
PartTimeHomer::Jan Vesely would have been best served if the organization realized that hiring a terrible coach to develop young players is always ALWAYS a bad idea. Especially one that's best friends with the guy you fired.  Randy should have been there for the end of last year and that's it. Don't know why Randy didn't get the boot once Avery became available. Yeah, Avery has problems managed rotations sometimes, but at least he doesn't go on and on about how he has no idea what's going on when the team loses.  Every loss. "I don't know. You tell me what happened! Pout pout pout."
dubcheedubmee::thats why its called player development....hes got a lot of raw abolity and athleticism youve just got to utilize it and bring it out of him...cant expect him to go in there and just have it happen
taayox::Jan Vesely would have been best served on a team like the Spurs.
Knight13951::No offense game outside of a dunk / layup, fouls too often, one of the worst free throw shooters in the league. Good potential but lets be serious, hes just not there yet.
PartTimeHomer::5 fouls in 4 minutes is a  good reason, but you're right. Whoever the big man coach is right now is doing a MISERABLE job with Seraphin.
ThunderHornz::Well done Wiz! Since you beat the Thunder-again- I hope you beat everyone else as well! Good health to you!
Marty3531::The Wizards have won two straight.
taayox::..
PartTimeHomer::Not sure what to do with myself.
Poor Oregon::Wall with a jumpshot = Best pg in the game
Marek7476::haha corrected
Knight13951::Wall with a jumpshot = Derrick Rose   not bad
PartTimeHomer::Fast edit.
dubcheedubmee::damn that Wiz girl was on point
michiganfan71::The Wiz will be at .500 or better for the rest of the year. When Crawford gets back they will add some 3 point shooting and wall can penetrate and kick out. This was predicted to be a 7 or 8 seed preseason before the injury. I doubt they could get back into it, but they will be a hell of a lot better from here on out.
joeyxfly::JohNnn WaLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!
RainingDimes::RainingDimes Hawks playing their 4th game in 5 nights. They will be tired today, which means they will slack on defense. I watched the game last night vs the Jazz. They made a late push end of the 4th quarter that had to have expended some energy to get the win. Wizards still suck, but I think they win here tonight in convincing fashion. 1 fan likes this. 2 Hours Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  Edit  Share
Drle5761::you are a sad man.
dubcheedubmee::15,000 in the Verizon Center?? i dont think so
redwiznatcapfan::Wizards are 1-0.
Lemuel7043::Kyrie &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Wall
Bryant5711::Lemuel7043, you are a moron. Kyrie is better than John Wall, yet the cavs have only 9 wins, and your explanation is that the Cavs are tanking?   Can you please elaborate on what they are tanking for??? Is this Dan Gilberts ingenius plan to get Cody Zeller, and ride the Zeller boys to a title with Irving?  He is a 6'1" volume shooter who doesn't make his players better..nuff said.  John Wall, if he develops a jump shot, could be a real franchise player (Derrick Rose), Irving will end up playing second fiddle to a real superstar to get to the playoffs late in his career.
JohnsonnnL::You're wrong hes 6'3, and people have been saying the same thing about Rondo for years, if he develops a jump shot. So only Wall is capable of getting better as a player but Irving isn't? great logic you got  there.
Knight13951::Why do people have the need to compare Wall to Kyrie?
Lemuel7043::Why not?
Lemuel7043::I'm just pointing out the obvious
Lemuel7043::cavs are tanking obviously. Even their fans know that. Even Dan Gilbert explained it on air
Marek7476::so he is so good that Cavs are like 9-26 right now?
redskinselportiswin::That is so not obvious, go sit in your corner little man
Poor Oregon::Fail
redwiznatcapfan::I'd rather Wall.
Marek7476::John Wall with a jumpshot = Derrick Rose
Drle5761::Hawks have the most deceiving record in the league, by far. Great win for Wiz, though.
NatsFanatic80::Finally a basketball team worth rooting for this season
Marek7476::God dammit John if you had this jumpshot
Knight13951::Wizards with Wall = dominant
dubcheedubmee::its one game tho....and the hawks look like there packing up the season already
dubcheedubmee::i feel you man....i bought season tics this year cause i felt the same way. sneak into the playoffs. then wall got hurt smh
Knight13951::Yeah, but you can see the difference when he is on the court. When healthy, the Wizards can probably be a playoff team.
Marek7476::SHOWTIME
redwiznatcapfan::Showtime in DC.
dubcheedubmee::looks like wall is ready to take that next step....in his game and as a leader
redwiznatcapfan::Agreed. Rose was very similar to him when until he got going. Wall is back and he looks better than ever.
Marek7476::John Wall = difference
redwiznatcapfan::Wall looks better than ever.
redwiznatcapfan::Oh snap, go ahead John!
dubcheedubmee::damn if the wiz could have just stayed competitive and won all those close games while wall was out
redwiznatcapfan::Imagine if we get Shabazz or Zeller in the draft. We'll be deadly next season.
Knight13951::Nerlens Noel would be an amazing defensive presence.
redwiznatcapfan::AIIIIIIIIR BALL.
DopeyCracks::Just like every Atlanta franchise the Hawks are SUSPECTS
redwiznatcapfan::Time to make that playoff run!
Panasak::atlandta get kill tonight and tomoro
joeyxfly::Johnnnnnn walllllllllllllLL
Poor Oregon::I told you idiots. Wall is mvp this season. Leads the Wizards to 40 straight wins.
OPENLYUGLY::5-28
redwiznatcapfan::A doucher is more like it.
Marek7476::5-28 with half of squad injured
OPENLYUGLY::REALIST is more like it.
redwiznatcapfan::Someone's a hater :)
Marek7476::Wall makes a difference.
redwiznatcapfan::He brings an attitude and energy that they lack otherwise.
Lemuel7043::LOL hawks lose. good job J-smoove. $@%!$@%!
redwiznatcapfan::Josh Smith is awful!
