Cyrus1366::Bulls own the Knicks  4-0  You Knick,fans better PRAY we don't get the 6 spot, we will crush you.
amtrack5::There's a reason why the Knicks will never get out of the 1st Rd.  Melo shot terrible.  No defense.  You can't win in the playoffs relying on one guy.
fuggetaboutit909::you got two pretty good defenders resting injuries in Martin/Chandler.... and dont forget Rasheed/Camby if they can come off the pine as well.
Rickster7218::Totally agree....Melo will rise to the occasion come playoffs this year just because he wants to prove all you Melo haters wrong...The Knicks will make the Eastern Finals without a doubt...
Heritage Champion::The Bulls do it with TEAM ball... fluent ball movement, great D and trust in one another. I remember them performing just fine without Rose last season. And the season before that I remember them being swept outta the Miami series with Rose. Hero ball is great for the regular season, terrible during a 7 game playoff series.
fuggetaboutit909::heat won with lebron playing "hero" ball....
Intellibeam15::I'm the best mother f.uckin knick ever da.mmit !! - Nate Robinson
tranScend::yea he always brings his best game against the knicks.  he wishes he was still here.  he and lee.  sorry shorty, them's the breaks.
thoughtuknew73::Wonder what you haters think about Steve Nash.....has that bum ever won anything?
thoughtuknew73::So what, LeBron had 2 &amp; the media killed him before he won a chip
Bulls.Sox.Bears.Hawks.::2 mvps
Bulls.Sox.Bears.Hawks.::34 shots and 36 points..lmao
Rickster7218::MORON.....
halfanhour30::Check out the four game games before the chicago game (2 out of three playoff teams) 54%
Heritage Champion::that won't work in the post season
tranScend::and 19 rebounds, dbag.
thoughtuknew73::Why does NY hate Melo?
tranScend::he's has the best selling jersey in the league thanks to the NY fans.  wt-f are you talking about?  2 losers on an espn board doesn't make NY.
fuggetaboutit909::you beat me to it.... what are those two jokers talking about.
the v man j18::cause he is too good for ny
the v man j18::STATE
Shaqs biggest fan::See how Melo was laughing after he choked that open jumper?  Number 1 reason why he'll never win a ring
Rickster7218::He was laughing because he hits that shot 9 out 10 times, MORON......
fuggetaboutit909::Melo is one of if not THE best "last shot" takers in the NBA.... pull your head out your nethers and take notice.
StankyChickin::LOL
tripledouble916::one wish, a all healthy eastern confernce playoffs.  going to miss rondo and rose maybe next yr.
coltranesteelkirt::I'm not saying the Heat will get actually SWEPT out of the first round but... you know... anyway., where was I?
LeBrons Manager::you were trying to get into a shouting match...
J. Rockwell::I can't wait to watch a 35 year old Boozer trot up and down the United Center making 17 Million dollars.  Hilariously bad contract that will hamstring the Bulls for years to come.
halfanhour30::$19,948,799 get it right lol
GridIronMaidens::You are completely wrong regarding his contract. "Amare Stoudamire" is the guy you meant to say, correct?
fuggetaboutit909::expiring contracts are very very valuable and stoud will be 32 or 33 in the final year of his contract... right?
LeBrons Manager::well.....its actually a 34 year old Stoudamire (one year younger than Boozer) making $21,679.893 ..... sitting on the bench injured....or was that $23,410.988?
slimdogmo88::By the way:  SUPER   SONICS!
DatGuy8921::So it's actually happening or is it still just talk?
slimdogmo88::ya Nate Rob - ballin!!!  More heart than anyone out on that court.  UW Nation Loves is bro!   206
srqlegend1::milwaukee beers&gt;&gt;&gt;miami heat
domnyumi::Carmelo had 40pt games last april but to win in the post season U have to be able to pass the ball,especilly your best playerl. The east has had lots of injuries and is really weak this year. But, he still doesnt pass, so his game hasnt changed. Even kobe, who still is a chucker, gets 5 assists per game now. Melo still avg lke 2per game for the season. thats not good, meaning he doesnt get the team involved when his shot is not falling. Look at him and JR Smith in a close game last night.  2 guys chucked up 61 shots last night . 2......and melo had 2 assists
Rickster7218::Melo is probably one of the passers in the Game....But you have to finish the play.  Not only that, he is a scorer first then a passer Idiot.....You have guards who should be distributing the ball... Do you know anything about Basketball MORON?
J. Rockwell::Cool story brah.  Tell another one!!!
domnyumi::Well,  The odds based on history(Melo 1 win in 10 1st rounds) say Brooklyn might b the NY team playing in round 2. especially in Chi drops to 6 seed and brooklyn and atl get at it in round 1.  Boston is going to make melo beat you from outside, n anyone in nba history knows its hard to do 4 times when U rely on the outside shot and your top guy doesnt pass the ball(34 shots and  assists 2 last night ina close game).
BorowskiCubs48::Nate Robinson's heart and determination &gt; Derrick "Mumbles" Rose's athletic ability. Nate, thanks for playing with heart and willing this team to a win. "Mumbles" go have another illegitimate child.
chicitysports4::wow.
DatGuy8921::Just let it go.  $@%!$@%! about it ain't gonna change his mind.  Deal with it.
ScalabrineSwag::thank you to whoever is liking all my comments....lol
coltranesteelkirt::I really don't want to get into a shouting match about the Heat.  Yes, most can agree they're in big trouble come the Playoffs, but i only came in here to congratulate the Bulls.
ashton305::that game was awesome no matter which team you were going for. i think jimmy butlers back to back steals are what sparked the bulls run. on top of robinsons 5 threes
ScalabrineSwag::the knicks are probably going to be first round exists again this year. IMHO
domnyumi::Its the same Melo.  He has a strong april like last year but when it comes do to winning time, hedoesnt pass(2 assisst again last night) and missed 21 shots last night and JRSmith too 27 shots,,  thats a problem
ScalabrineSwag::why is this board completely dead now:(
I edit my comments if people call me names::The Knicks fans are all Nets fans now.
JB305187::I'm tired of regular season who else is ready for the play offs. Go Heat and good luck to every one else
I edit my comments if people call me names::The Knicks have as many regular season games left as playoff games.  Fact.
JB305187::Like I give a F***
ScalabrineSwag::you learn something new every day i suppose.
ScalabrineSwag::playoffs is one word.
ScalabrineSwag::To be completely honest...Melo is the most overrated player in the NBA. There are probably 20-25 players that could score 28.6 ppg if they took 30-40 shots per game.
EliClaudeManning::I'm content to sit and watch J.R. and Melo go one on one against Green and Pierce and then against George and Stephenson. Only when they meet LBJ and Wade will they have match-up problems.
EliClaudeManning::But we have Prigioni.
ScalabrineSwag::you are bragging about prigoni? should i start bragging that the bulls have vladimir radmonovich
EliClaudeManning::No I'm too young to remember. But why do people keep using that argument? Teams change from year to year and it is obvious that the Knicks are better than last year.
domnyumi::Carmelo had 40pt games last april.   The east has had lots of injuries and is really weak this year.  But, he sill doesnt pass, so his game hasnt changed. Even kobe, who still is a chucker, gets 5 assists per game now.  Melo still avg lke 2per game for the season.   thats notgood, meaning he doesnt get the team involved when his shot is not falling. 2 guys chucked up 61 shots last night .  2......and melo had 2 assists
ScalabrineSwag::they live and die by the three. They are first round exits lets be honest. The have a bunch of chuckers that prefer to play one on one ball instead of going and getting their teammates involved. Not a championship formula.
EliClaudeManning::Imagine if Luol Deng could score... then the Bulls might actually go somewhere in the playoffs. It seems like a team needs a premier scorer like Melo, who is a top 5 player, to even have a chance at the finals. When was the last time a team won a championship without a superstar? Typical jealous Bull fan.
macksolo::Why would anybody be jealous we we realize our superstar is injured. Once he returns, the Knicks will once again be an afterthought.
ScalabrineSwag::can you remind me the last time the knicks made it past the first round in the playoffs. ROFL
thoughtuknew73::All this talk about Melo....what's the difference between him, KD, Blake or Rose....all can score but none make their teammates better. U can actually say the others are on better teams. So why so much hate towards Melo.....I know y ....u guys base all of your opinions from the media.
ScalabrineSwag::rose does make his teammates better what the heck are you talking about.
DatGuy8921::Rose's assists numbers should slap him.
I go straight to the comments::I would take KD, Blake, or Rose over Melo. I'm sure Yew Yorkers would at this point too
Rickster7218::Your a freaking Idiot..I would take Melo in a hearbeat over those guys you mentioned... I am a Warriors fan MORON....
I edit my comments if people call me names::lol
halfanhour30::Thank YOu!
bankerelm::Carmelo is shooting 44 FG% for the year and only averaging 2 assists per game. This wow is such a ball hog
I go straight to the comments::<b>The Knicks refer to the first round of the Playoffs as the Finals because that is where their season ends every year<b></b></b>
I edit my comments if people call me names::"You mean to tell me there is more than one round in the playoffs?"  ~CarMElo
I go straight to the comments::"You mean to tell me there is a game 7 of the first round???"  --marshMelo
sumodude28::Kobe haters say shooting 42% means he's a ball hog  Dumb Knicks fans think cuz Melo scores 36 but shoots 38% = good game  Melo stinks
RigoM305::Being a ball hog is about how many shots you take.. Not percentage.
halfanhour30::Bad game last night brought % down to 54% in the last five
I go straight to the comments::to be fair, Melo shooting 38% is pretty good for him
I go straight to the comments::<b>Carmelo knows he will never win anything important so I guess it would be nice if they gave him the scoring title.<b></b></b>
DatGuy8921::He also helped bring the Gold medal back home to America. Didn't know making your country proud in the Olympics isn't anything important.
rochfan::Also won a National title in college
C2Poke88::Actually, scoring titles aren't given, they're earned.  If Melo wins the scoring title, props to him for that accomplishment.  Not many players win a scoring title in the NBA.
RigoM305::Actually, one player wins every year.  lol
C2Poke88::What happened in the 2nd half is a microcosm of what will happen to the Knicks in the playoffs.  Teams like BOS, CHI, IND, and MIA will tighten the screws on their perimeter defense to prevent the Knicks from getting a lot of good clean 3-pt looks.  When that happens, the Knicks don't really have a fallback.  They don't have a bunch of athletic guys who can get to the rim or get their own shot.  They also don't have a legit scoring threat in the post.  So they'll just keep shooting long 2s and 3s, hoping to get on a hot streak.  Bad formula for playoff basketball.
RigoM305::Good comment! That is exactly whats going to happen!
halfanhour30::nostradamus
C2Poke88::Here's another prophecy.  Don't expect a long playoff run.
bankerelm::Carmelo is just chasing that scoring title. Jacking up 34 shots shooting 38 FG%
I edit my comments if people call me names::NY isn't going ANYWHERE with Melo at the helm except OUT in the first round.  Again.  Fact.
thoughtuknew73::That's all you have LOL!!!
bankerelm::?
thoughtuknew73::Sounds like Kobe
SOM240::Difference is Kobe's a winner and a Melo is not
bankerelm::melo is the new ball hog in the NBA
I have popcorn in my ears::10 points were off free throws. So in 45 minutes he scores 26 points on 34 shots and goes 0-4 on 3 pointers.
thoughtuknew73::So what's your point.
kromo15::Nither the bulls or knicks stand a chance agaist the heat. The bulls need to just let D-rose sit out the rest of the year and let him come back next year fully heallthy! Cause even he does come back for the playoffs their not going to win it so it just seemes like a highly unesessary risk. The knicks on the other hand should have been watching the nuggets for  the 3 years they pretty much had the same team. They won nothing but had stretches were they look really good.
I have popcorn in my ears::Anyone that thinks Melo and JR will lead them anywhere is confused.
kromo15::Once again have moments were they look really good through out the reg season. But come playoff time choke atrists. And im actually not a fan of either of those teams
Pacman8mydog::Beat the Heat 3 times and would have been 4 times if not for a JR Smith turnover but yet have no chance? This is why people don't take Heat or Laker fans seriously.
thoughtuknew73::What happen the last time they were in the playoffs against the Heat
PFMGOAT86::ILL WILL &gt; MELO
My account keeps getting deleted::<b>I was a senior in high school when the Knicks won a championship  --old people<b></b></b>
My account keeps getting deleted::.
mrcb_08::WELL NY I GUESS U HAVE TO BE EXCITED ABOUT SOME SPORT TEAM (knick a bummers) CONSIDERING THEY ARE ALL GARBAGE CURRENTLY!!!
msnyc10::Pretty impressive line for Melo; 36 and 19 boards. Hard to fault him for not having gas. On another note; mimicking the belt thing is $@%!$@/nasty on it's own (he did it once before) but the way he did it last night was downright f'd up.  I wish Martin were out there to put him in the stands.
I have popcorn in my ears::lol - 10 points were off free throws.  So in 45 minutes he scores 26 points on 34 shots and go 0-4 on 3 pointers?  Ya - impressive.
msnyc10::When you're playing with  6-8 center and 8 players in rotation I guess your shooting percentage is going to suffer.
macksolo::We played with a 6'9" center who plays no defense. Your point?
mrcb_08::When jr smith n melo combine for 52 shots or whatever's the exact number was that's not good at all and the least impressive by how it was done!!! Ask the coach if he would take they on a nightly basis!!
Jubin3567::his 33% shooting begs to differ
dantonis_defensive_coordinator::Melo had 19 reb?
ScalabrineSwag::bulls didnt have noah and taj. they were playing with jimmy butler at the 4 most of the game. hence all the rebounds.
I have popcorn in my ears::Off his own bricks.
mrcb_08::All I got to say is the bulls are going to make it tough for Miami in the second round!! Better hope Boston beats New York that's for sure!!!!
mrcb_08::Work*
mrcb_08::I bet they will worker harder in them five games than any serious they will play throughout the playoffs besides the finals ( if they play okc).
jpsmooth1979::If 5 close games is tough than sure
jpsmooth1979::I'm a Bulls fan also,but Miami is better nothing i can do to change that
tkeeton2010::Still acting like the bulls aren't a threat...
MRcantholdmedown::Karma for what they've done to Kurt Thomas.  Man plays on a broken foot, gives it his all, and gets rewarded by getting cut 10 days left in the regular season.  I hope another playoff team signs him and lets him at least get rewarded for his service this year as the oldest player in the league.  Dolan is a joke.
Pacman8mydog::Knicks fan here and I have to agree with Mrcantholdmedown. It's kind of cold for them to cut Thomas after he played his guys out in that Utah game that set the tone for the Knicks team. I'd rather them cut Amare or White than him. Here's hoping that they give him some kind of position with the team. Coaching assistant...................something.
DatGuy8921::If they cut Amare then the Knicks have to pay up the contract guaranteed salary.  Cutting Kurt is not going to hurt the bank account as much.  NBA is a business after all.
dantonis_defensive_coordinator::Fact:  With or without Kurt Thomas NY has the same record.  It's a business.  Why pay a guy who can't play?  Especially if he isn't a franchise changing player?
MRcantholdmedown::“For him to go out there and be playing on a fractured foot and do the things he did for that game, (he) helped us right the ship,” Carmelo Anthony said. “I don’t think he gets enough credit for that.”  Read more: http://www.nydailynews.com/sports/basketball/knicks/isola-release-cruel-twist-thomas-article-1.1314661#ixzz2QGgmZDrH
MRcantholdmedown::Same reason they are paying Kenyon Martin, Tyson Chandler, Marcus Camby and James White who also did not play.
PFMGOAT86::Nix/Nugz final
mrcb_08::Stop trolling !!!
coltranesteelkirt::Fellas, i'm not going to get into an arguement about the Heat... Yes, they're vastly over-rated, but this thread is about the Bulls.  Thanks.
dantonis_defensive_coordinator::How is Miami overrated?  I do think in a series teams stand a better shot vs them because NBA regular season schedules favor teams with superstars.  But, Miami did win 27 in a row.
jpsmooth1979::^^^^^^Your over-rated^^^^^^^
coltranesteelkirt::i give up... i'm not here to talk about the over-rated Heat. i already said this.
jpsmooth1979::Bulls are 4-0 against New York does this mean they are better than the Knicks? No,it doesn't,just like 3-1 doesn't make them better than Miami Knick fans,see how it works now
Melonology32::Both are great teams no doubt, but like u said 4-0 doesn't mean that Bulls are better than Knicks. When the playoffs start, it's back to 0-0 for every team.
dantonis_defensive_coordinator::I guarantee neither Miami nor NY is taking Chicago lightly.  Sure both have more complete rosters than Chicago, but 7-1 vs the two is impressive.
Windy_City_Assassin::Well you would would have already lost because it's 4-0 Chicago.
dantonis_defensive_coordinator::And Jason Kidd, Felton, Shumpert, K-Mart and even Novak.  Chicago is already without Rose.  So that leaves Boozer, Deng, Hinrich, Gibson, Noah, Butler, and Robinson.  I'm taking NY in that matchup.
jpsmooth1979::6-1 they play Miami one more time on Sunday
Windy_City_Assassin::The Knicks have a more complete roster than the Bulls?  How...? Their entire team is Melo, JR Smith, and Tyson.
mrcb_08::Jon Barry thinks the Knicks are a legit number 2 WTF!!! No wonder y this guy hasn't been on the set this long!!!
FANALYST99::The East Playoffs will be far more interesting than previously anticipated.  Heat, Knicks, Bulls, Pacers and even the Celtics have a legit shot (ok maybe not the Celts).  Still picking LeBron and crew to repeat.
mrcb_08::The bulls will get the 5 spot !!
dantonis_defensive_coordinator::None of the 1st round matchups will be that competitive (in the East).  Maybe Brooklyn vs Atlanta, but that's because it's a 4/5 matchup
dantonis_defensive_coordinator::More likely to suit up for the Bulls first, Jordan or Derrick Rose?
Windy_City_Assassin::Joey7478 - We had no big men and almost beat the Bulls. No Chandler,no Kmart,no Sheed and even no Amare if you wanna factor him in.  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  This guy thinks Chandler, Martin, and RASHEED WALLACE are bigger injuries than Derrick Rose, Joakim Noah, and Taj Gibson...................................... (This is our best offensive threat and our TWO best rebounders)    Get a clue.
mrcb_08::Sure he being gay about not playing but that's yesterday news !! Doesnt change the fact that they dnt have a true pg n can't play D!!!
mrcb_08::D Rose will shred ur defense into pieces !!!  Think about it Nate dropped 35 imagine what the former MVP do to your knick a bummers!!!!
dantonis_defensive_coordinator::Derrick Rose has to play before he can do that.  And "God only knows when that will be..."  Not the medical doctors (with their God given talent)....)
joembball3310::Its tough to watch this Bulls team and now think "what if?" If we could run out a lineup of Rose, Butler, Deng, Boozer, and Noah. Not only could we have the offense to push the Heat, but also the inside guys to beat them up. Not saying the Bulls would beat them but it would be a damn good series to watch.
Joey7478::Not hating on the Bulls either. anybody that can beat the Heat is fine in my book except Celtics haha I loath them
halfanhour30::You might have 57 to 60 wins again
Swagatron300::I am Marklar, leader of the Marklar.
Mambaholic 33::.
