Soonerhopeful1::Just food for thought,,, The west is tough this year...Some eastern playoff teams have been tough, which Clippers faced two east playoff teams fighting for spots in their last games.  End of season positioning for playoff, and because of the " Tank factor" has a big  effect as to schedule.   No excuses, but this is a reality...   Some say a change is needed to avoid the  " tanking for Raffle positions"   And it does seem to be a problem
hunter7780::Clippers had the Division and Home Court, and gave it away!
hunter7780::The Clippers had a chance to overtake the lakers and have home court and BLEW IT!! I like what the Clippers have done this year but you have to seize moments like this!!
johnman525::Good win for the knicks! ehopefully they keep it going against the cats so they can take on the heat in the first round! i think the heat are a more favorable matchup for the knicks and if u disagree or agree come to my site and comment and read why i think this way! http://nbawagers.com/2012/04/who-is-the-better-matchup-for-the-knicks-heat-or-bulls/
sportsmship::Good season for the Knicks but it would have been better if James Dolan had let Mike D'Antoni go before the start of the season, paid him through the end of his contract, and let his assistant take over, as he did for Donnie Walsh.  D'Antoni, like Walsh, didn't want the Carmelo Anthony trade.  Both probably saw it as undoing most of what they had done the past three seasons, and there's not much worse than a lame duck coach who obviously won't be rehired coaching players he doesn't want to coach.
SoFlo_SportsFan::"The Knicks hope he (Lin) could return if they reach the second round..." Uh, I think Lin will be watching the second round from home like the rest of his team.
WhitneyJ961::I disagree completely with your speculation.... but I doooooo .... like your sense of humor in speaking on "Lin, and the Knicks team.... "
marat75::Same as Howard, LeBron and their respective teams.
lakerzfan1960::I just love how all the clippers fans thought they would be better than the Lakers just because of chris paul...same old clippers ha ha ha!!!
marat75::You have a point. But what about fricking Brown and Steve Blake? Are you gonna compete with those guys?
I Coach Using The Kobe System::Like to say congrats to all clippers fans on an entertaining season. The fight for the staples center games were so fun to watch and now the pacific division is more competitive than ever. Good luck in the playoffs... Now let the trash talking commence!
tomtucker1981::the knicks are aweful and a fad and will be swept out of the playoffs in the first round like they were pathetically swept last year by boston... Knicks fans are running around like they are some great team even though they barely made the playoffs in a season where the contenders are not even paying attention until playoff time... anyways, good luck- but it won't matter, you are going nowhere
stone419::a fad?
marat75::Thank you for your opinion fomtucker.
agoods05::Aw, look he's mad!
omegapachi::Anyone else see Blake traveling multiple times yesterday? Dude was doing the salsa with his pivot foot, and every single move that was supposed to be a 2 step maximum was 3.  smh!
marat75::crying according to Urban Dictionary
ustna::qq
omegapachi::sorry i'm not up on all of the internet lingo.  what is qq? lol
jjmccabe22::the funny thing about these anti-knicks, pro-miami posts is the simple fact that 1) the bar for happiness in miami is a championship only. and if they dont win it all, they will break up the team and dan gilbert will have been right on lebron (and you are all thinking this and terrified of the prospect), 2) no one in NY expects anythng of the knicks. its all upside. and unless eddie curry drops 70 pounds and learns to play bball, the knicks might actually eat them in the playoffs. all upside for knicks fans
omegapachi::coming from a knicks fan i have gotta see them step it up in the 3rd quarter.  that is the only weak spot i see just about every single game.  the game is won and lost in the trenches and the boys gotta start grinding out that quarter so they can rest people in the 4th.
jjmccabe22::chris paul and blake griffin are the most annoying two whiny dorks in the NBA
raven.52::They keep these up way too long.
drmcfunk::Do people not realize that Chris Paul did not play in this game he got 34 pts the night before, i'm pretty sure that would have been the difference
LAforlife79::He got 34 the night before and it wasn't a difference then. They lost.
3Miami::Congrats NY Knicks.. you've earned a 1st round exit in the PO's... WHITE HOT!!!!
LAforlife79::The Clippers just earned a first round exit too.
jjmccabe22::you know what hurts for miami fans? that anything less than a championship is failure. for the knicks, there is only upside. for miami, there is the distinct possibility that the dan gilbert hex may prove right. sorry, but miami is not winning a title with no center
Uncle_Rico24::Its hard for other teams to take Griffin and the Clippers seriously when all they do is flop (Reggie Evans against NO and Griffin) and whine.
bgibbs813::Thank you KNICKS!
DPetro10::lets face it blake griffin sucks the only thing he is good for is offensive fouls
ACandOJ::And his blank stare....
ACandOJ::Yeah especially after he flops &amp; doesn't get the call...and he stands there like a zombie with his mouthpiece hanging out...he is a bum.
ustna::ACandOJ - And his blank stare....  ------------------  Yeah? You like his blank stare, eh? Cool, who am I to judge.
ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA::And flopping
Jlobello04::Now Returning from a 24 hour suspension Weighing at 115 lb and standing at 5'5 The One and only DPETRO10!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DPetro10::wendyssssssssssss
ynot1825::Let me tell you how it's going down Knicks fans, I'll save you some time. As soon as you lose in the 1st round, and you will, all knicks fans collectively will say wait till next year......so don't I just saved us all a lot of time....
LAforlife79::The Clippers were suppose to have a chance to win the west and now they will be saying, "wait till next year."
JonathanLo1017::Well, Im glad the Knicks won....I know that they would lose to both the Heat and Bulls in a series....but this way my Bulls avoid a tougher series and the Heat/knicks can kill each other LOL
MiamiSportsFanForLife::Hopefully both teams do meet in the east finals.
JonathanLo1017::We will be....I think it will be Bulls/Heat again for ECF....when all this smoke and bs talk about other teams clears up....the only two teams standing will be the same two teams everyone knew deep down were the best two in the East from the start
MiamiSportsFanForLife::Get ready for the Celtics in the second round.
Miaminati::Durant 28 points 1.3 steals 1.2 blocks 3 assist 8 rebounds 50% shooting   Lebron 27 points 1.8 steals 0.8 blocks 6 assist 7 rebounds 53% shooting     I would rather go with Durant Than lebron  Plus the defensive stats prove lebron and Durant's D are just about even
ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA::Miami heats record vs the hard west is horrible. If Lebron was in the west the Miami heat would be sitting at prolly 4th place.
ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA::Btw durant is only 23 and Miami plays those cupcake east teams 4 TIMES EACH EVERY YEAR. So that's like giving them 32 free wins.
Walter53226::Just so you know, the Wizards BEAT the Thunder.  But of course, I can't expect sense from anyone who thought Miami got slaughtered by Dallas.  That is what the Lakers did.
MiamiSportsFanForLife::Lebron led his team to the finals last year,Durant failed to make the finals,also both Lebron and Durant team have to play the cavs bobcats wizards pistons nets raptors and bucks.
ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA::Of course....the east was garbage last year and he had 2 other superstars playing with him. Even if you swapped Kobe with wade last year Miami wouldved won the title.  But then again Miami plays easy competition in the east then gets slaughtered by a veteran Dallas team in the finals.
MiamiSportsFanForLife::I will go with the player that has a higher shooting percentage and averages more assists and about the same ppg with less shots.
Miaminati::3 more assist isn't that much, if Durant wins the championship no more talk about lebron being the best player please.
ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA::Of course Lebron would get good stats playing against the cavs bobcats wizards pistons nets raptors and bucks.
mark35345::Now the Clippers can get ready for a much better team than they've played recently: the Grizzlies. Stop citing their regular season record against the Grizzlies - Memphis knows what it's like to knock a number 1 seed out - the Clippers will fold as well.
ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA::Ustna is a gay clipper fan. Don't mind him. He is misinformed that the clippers beat Memphis without them having Rudy gay and z bo
ustna::You really are an idiot... Tell me...how am I "misinformed" that the Clippers beat Memphis without Rudy Gay and Z-Bo?   Learn English or leave. Okay?
ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA::You can't read because you're dumb? When you result to grammar on a public chat board YOU have lost the conversation.
ustna::ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA - Ustna is a gay clipper fan. Don't mind him. He is misinformed that the clippers beat Memphis without them having Rudy gay and z bo  -----------------------  Are you dumb? Read your last sentence.....
ustna::You all certainly havent been playing any powerhouses lately either... and you still barely beat them
dale wrenn::clippers choked, there best player punked out in the most important game of the year.   it doesnt matter who we played recently we beat them, as a matter of fact the most recent time we play the punk clippers we whooped them too.
bgibbs813::And the Clippers lost 2 in a row........Hawks aren't a powerhouse, Knicks pulled their starters, and Clips couldn't pull out the victory on a much needed win.  It goes both ways dude, no the Griz haven't looked flashy beating junk teams, but they won, and they won while giving extra minutes to players like Selby, Pargo, Hudson, and Haddadi.  Had Rudy, Mike, Gasol, Z-bo, and Allen played full games against these "garbage" teams you claim, it would have been impressive wins, but given the circumstances of playoffs coming up and starters need as much rest as they can before the grind.  Why not beat these crappy teams while giving our bench a long look.
ACandOJ::The Grizz surpassed the entire Clipper history with their playoffs last season....
ustna::So is that an admission to my accusation? What have the Grizz done in the playoffs? They upset a 1 seed.....what else?
mark35345::The Clippers have never done anything in the playoffs?
ustna::So in other words...you admit that your post was worthless.. cool
mark35345::The regular season doesn't mean anything - this is the playoffs.
arbn11boogaloo::Anyone who thinks the Miami Cry Babies will win it all is delusional.
newcaymanS::The toughest "out" in these playoffs of the teams not talked about will be the Indiana Pacers.  They are deep, young and get a depleated Orlando in round 1.  Miami is sure to look past them and ahead to the Eastern Conference Finals in round 2 and get pushed to the limit.  You heard it here FIRST.
ustna::lol...relax kiddo
JonathanLo1017::Pacers will be gone in the second round....mark my words...it will be Bulls/Heat yet again for the ECF
JonathanLo1017::Ignoring facts and trying to stay committed to the crap idea that the Pacers are better....
JonathanLo1017::Just cuz you say so.....alright.....you really are delusional
JonathanLo1017::that's fine....if you are trying to convince yourself....I know the Pacer players realize that they are looking up to the Bulls.....even if their fans like you are delusional and think somehow...DESPITE all the losing to the Bulls they are still better
ustna::Im not a fan of the Pacers...  I'm just making a general statement, NO ONE is worried about the Bulls
JonathanLo1017::the Pacers know that they are still trying to prove that they can compete with the Bulls in the Central Division....They are not ignorant of that
ustna::Seriously...no one is thinking about the Bulls....
JonathanLo1017::hahaha....did u see the Pacers celebrate like crazy when they had their one win over us earlier this year... lol.....Oh people do.....the Pacers definitely do
ustna::No. Not really... No one is concerned about the Bulls.
JonathanLo1017::This comment makes me laugh as a Bulls fan....How can anyone justify being more worried about the Pacers than the  Bulls when the Pacers have been second best to the Bulls since last year....tonight the Bulls again toyed with the Pacers in Indianapolis....I just dont get the logic when the Pacers have only beaten the Bulls like twice the last two years...
ustna::*peek....who cares. Have fun and clean up after yourself
ACandOJ::How exactly do you "peak" somewhere??
ustna::Go back to peaking in the Clips locker room you sick f#ck
ACandOJ::because no one takes the Clipers seriously....  *fixed*  You're welcome
ustna::because no one takes the Bulls seriously....
ustna::Yeah...this really isnt anything that hasnt been talked about for awhile. Go Pacers
soldier00013::i hate to break it to you but i have been saying the pacers are my only worry as a heat fan for months now.
arbn11boogaloo::Good for you.
ustna::Laker fans are hilarious...you can relax now kiddies, your precious Division title and 3 seed are safe.
RenQuist1::Thanks. Enjoy the 5th seed.
ACandOJ::I'll be glad when the Lakers raise the Clippers rent on the little locker room
ACandOJ::Peaks....mountains or bo obs??
ustna::Why? I'm sure you will still find a way to sneak in and get a few peaks...
danielabbas::anybody who thinks the knicks will upset the heat in round 1 is delusional
raven.52::I dont think they will, but from what ive seen this last month,they wont be an easy out.Melo is the best player theyll face in the playoffs.
RenQuist1::Not if they play the Bulls w/ Rose, the Lakers, or OKC.
Stephen Johnston1818::Some awful losses to some terrible teams kept NY out of the 6th seed or higher. Knicks are the 3rd best team in the East and they will most likely be bounced Round 1. Aggrevating. Resign J.R and Novak. 3 seed minimum next year. Go upset South Beach fellas!
The Cleat Commander::4th best team in the east...
raven.52::Ignore the seedings,they dont matter in the playoffs.
raven.52::The Knicks are the biggest threat to Miami.
JonathanLo1017::Oh God....not this again....Knicks fans trying desperately to convince everyone the Knicks are the biggest challenge for the Heat....NO...it is the Bulls....they have been proving that since last year....just get over it already
jacques1313::The Iceman Shooteth I guess if Lebron played all his games there, or had any noticably lower performance against West teams, that would mean something.    Pippen scored 20+ twice in his whole career, he is not in the top small forwards discussion, but a very nice complementary player. ---------------------------------------  This is funny considering Pippen scored 20+ FOUR times, not two, and when you talk about LBJ season's being so much better than anything Pippen did you completely forget 93-94 when Pippen scored 22, got 14 assists/boards combined a game, and shot close to 50%, all in a much more physical era.  Pretty damn close to me.
raven.52::Nobody cares.
jacques1313::I could say the same about anything related to Baltimore save "The Wire"
ACandOJ::If you're going to like yourself....do it in the bathroom
ACandOJ::Someone just got owned....
raven.52::Knicks are for real, no doubt.
jacques1313::DeAndre Jordan sure knows how to go MIA
ACandOJ::And he makes over 10 mil per season....
ACandOJ::You're still giving him too much credit....he is averaging 7 points &amp; 8 rebounds
RenQuist1::lol I know.. leave it to the Clippers to give out such an atrocious contract. He's worth about half of that
ACandOJ::Clipppers.....are a complete joke
ACandOJ::Did they play twice last night?? I thought they played the Knicks
raven.52::Why, because they lost to a good team on the road?
srqman1::Hater.
ACandOJ::Me &amp; 4 guys from Y could make the playoffs in the East.  Most years you don't even have to be .500
raven.52::But a playoff team
danielabbas::lol at "good" team. it's a barely .500 team
Noondog112378::all popovich is doin now is watching every single lbj highlight ever
RenQuist1::He might want to concentrate on getting his team out of the first round this time lol
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Good win Knicks.....
Miaminati::Lebron's Stats   Last year 27 points 1.6 steals 0.6 blocks 6 assist 7 rebounds 51% shooting   this year 27 points 1.8 steals 0.8 blocks 6 assist 7 rebounds 53% shooting     Lebron had better seasons with the cavs. Lebron is having one of his regular seasons he always have with the heat. Why give lebron MVP when he lead the nba in nothing? His team ain't even leading the nba in winning. Durant leads the league in scoring and his team is in a harder conference, while having the second best record in the west. Parker team has the best record in the west. My pick is Durant or parker period. Plus The media is saying lebron not DURANT
kionkobe08::LBJ will win the MVP this season. I hate it but that's the truth.
wahzoo5::what will LeBron be like when he's 34?  Will he still do the same stuff?  That's the difference between he and Kobe.  LeBron won't have that explosion at 34, so will he still be that effective?  Not without a jumper or a post up game.  LeBron=Vince Carter but at least Vince developed a 3 pointer.
RenQuist1::He still relies primarily on athleticism.
The Iceman Shooteth::He just had the two most efficient years of his life playing for Pat Riley instead of the Quicken Loans guy, so I'd say he is adding things to his game.  During the lockout, when I saw that he wasn't flirting with overseas teams but was doing the Bird biking/running/shooting workouts daily, it didn't seem shocking that he'd have a year like this one.
RenQuist1::Probably a lot better than Carter, but if he doesn't add stuff to his game like Kobe has over the years he'll have some big time problems remaining a top player
The Iceman Shooteth::Lebron is having the best small forward year since Bird retired, walking away with MVP.
jacques1313::So when Pippen scored 22 a game with 49% shooting, with 14 assists/rebounds a game, in a much more physically defended era, that wasn't nearly as good?  GTFO
wahzoo5::the east is always weak that's why the west has won the championship 9 out of the last 12 years.
The Iceman Shooteth::I guess if Lebron played all his games there, or had any noticably lower performance against West teams, that would mean something.  Pippen scored 20+ twice in his whole career, he is not in the top small forwards discussion, but a very nice complementary player.
ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA::The east is very weak
The Iceman Shooteth::27 a game and 14 assists/rebs on 53% shooting?  No, not Pippen.
ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA::Pippen?
RenQuist1::It's a close scoring race, but Durant has only led the league in scoring for 4 days out of the entire season. Kobe will end up with the scoring title too. All he needs is 38 points in a meaningless game against the Kings and will have the green light to fire at will.
RenQuist1::averaged over 35 PPG on 45% FG.. damn good for a midrange player
RenQuist1::I disagree. He had a streak of like 10 straight games 40 or more points with a few 50 point games in that streak.
The Iceman Shooteth::I think I'm pretty clear on recognizing that as the good guy on a lousy team that year, he had a green light to shoot.  But he ended up having a crappy shooting year overall, so for every game like that Mavs or Toronto game, there were 2 where he just flat out bricked it.
RenQuist1::The Iceman Shooteth - And then for the week shot below 50%, because the games before &amp; after Toronto were as awful as they get.  Doesn't take away from his performances in those other two games
RenQuist1::and remember, less than a month before that he outscored the Mavs 62 to 61 through three quarters and sat out the 4th because it was a blowout. was 19/31 from the field in that one i believe.
The Iceman Shooteth::And then for the week shot below 50%, because the games before &amp; after Toronto were as awful as they get.
RenQuist1::he shot over 60% from the field for 81 shooting mostly jumpers. that game was as efficient as it was incredible. not to mention he brought his team back from a 20 pt deficit. They needed almost all of those points lol. That team was so bad aside from Kobe. Odom, Kwame, George, and Vujacic combined for 3/21 from the field in that game lmao.
The Iceman Shooteth::How do you think he scored 81 against the Craptors?  Lakers had nothing else to play for that year, go ahead &amp; jack it up.  Kobe is used to this philosophy.
RenQuist1::Not like this. In a game that doesn't mean anything he can literally put up 50 shots if that's what it takes. He'll only need about 25 though maybe a little less if he's killing it
The Iceman Shooteth::That is the only color light Kobe has ever seen.
RavenzNGunnerz::those are impressive numbers by Lebron
RavenTrain_::Parker is underrated
bitter382::not in the bedroom though
Johnmpasq::So had the Knicks showed up in Cleveland the other night they would be playing the Pacers instead of the Heat.Thats why u show effort every night guys ,disgusting
The Iceman Shooteth::"I get paid the same either way."  Melo
RenQuist1::So much for the Pacific Div crown. Clippers better pray that Memphis loses tomorrow or say goodbye to home court in the first round.
ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA::They already lost home court
RenQuist1::If Memphis loses tomorrow the Clippers will get the 4 seed because they have the tie-breaker over Memphis
benji200925::Bryant needs 38 for scoring title - y'all think he'll do it or no?
jjknicks1987::Kobe came straight from high school=More seasons in the nba...Jotdan n Wilt didnt so I would hope Kobe would score more than them
ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA::Something called competition
benji200925::and that Wilt Chamberlain was 7x scoring champ yet Kobe's going to surpass both in career points soon
RavenTrain_::your point being?
benji200925::I thought he would have had more...it's just one component of the Jordan-Kobe comparison.
benji200925::interesting he's only 2x scoring champ while MJ is 10x
RavenTrain_::it is the kings so..
ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA::Roy Jones Jr is my favorite boxer
candycandyYOU::Will the Miami Heats Win The NBA Championship This Year?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5G4GgA1azg
Miaminati::Clippers suck, is chris paul leaving next year? The knicks should pick him up. I can tell he a disloyal guy. I want him to come to the east so DRose could destroy him even more :)
jjknicks1987::Nah chris paul has to be with the clips for another yr...Ironically him n blake are both free agents after that yr
ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA::If anything he will be going to the Lakers. He said he loves LA
benji200925::That would be good stuff, and hopefully Nash will end up on a solid team.
Miaminati::Clippers suck, is chris paul leaving next year? The knicks should pick him up. I can tell he a disloyal guy. I want him to come to the east so DRose could destroy him even more :)
Miaminati::Clippers suck, is chris paul leaving next year? The knicks should pick him up. I can tell he a disloyal guy. I want him to come to the east so DRose could destroy him even more :)
Miaminati::Clippers suck, is chris paul leaving next year? The knicks should pick him up. I can tell he a disloyal guy. I want him to come to the east so DRose could destroy him even more :)
RavenTrain_::The guys on TNT are hilarious! I always watch their shows
Jordsta4Life::were they trying to be funny?
benji200925::def. high comedy
mmoore2144::Boxing isn't completely dead yet. Watch Seth Mitchell fight this Saturday. HBO. Beastly undefeated American heavyweight.
newcaymanS::Tyson isn't even in the top 5.  He fought nobodies and guys way past their prime in his heyday... and when he got out of prison and fought real fighters he LOST, every single time.  He's not better  these heavyweights in their prime... Muhammad Ali George Foreman Sonny Liston Larry Holmes (yes he beat Holmes but only when Holmes was old and washed up) Lennox Lewis  That's 5 BETTER heavyweights in their prime.  Tyson was hype in a lackluster age of heavyweights and no fighter that loses to Buster Douglas can be called Greatest of All TIme.
ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA::Tyson was the best heavy weight ever
mmoore2144::I hear you, but watch Mitchell this weekend. He's the best hope for a US heavyweight in a long time.
emacpmd::The heavyweight division is what drives boxing. Growing up I saw Ali, Foreman, Holmes, Tyson, Frazier. Where are today's great heavyweights?
ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA::Clippers won't make it far without a skilled center
Thomas154813::who is gonna stop Rudy Gay in this Clippers/Grizzlies series??
1X at Band Camp::If Blake Griffin could shoot 60-65% from the free throw line, they could beat MEM with or without home court.  But as good as that guy can play, his free throw shooting is a disaster...
RavenTrain_::Will Chris Paul even stay at CLippers??
Meet Friar Manning::I dunno i just found something that says 4 years 68 mil
RavenTrain_::oh was that recent?
Meet Friar Manning::Wha? hes signed for like 5 years
Meet Friar Manning::Nobody because the Grizz will win in 6
emacpmd::Let the guy on the couch hit it.
Meet Friar Manning::Gawd, if you listenin, HELP!
emacpmd::Sir Smokealot can stop him.
emacpmd::No one. To be honest, the Clips are about two years away as long as they keep their core players.
RavenTrain_::No one mentioned MMA? You guys dont watch UFC?
emacpmd::I'm waiting for boxing to completely die.
emacpmd::So true.
Meet Friar Manning::Don King did his very best
Meet Friar Manning::I give those ti,tties 4 thumbs down
Meet Friar Manning::Are you not entertained?!
New_York_For_The_Win::LMAO
puckthemediamachine::Not really.  Its good sometimes.
puckthemediamachine::Boxing Football Basketball I cant choose between the three they all get me going.
Meet Friar Manning::No because its a half baked reference, i am rather indifferent to your opinion actually
New_York_For_The_Win::Super Bowl of course even if my team is not there
benji200925::I could go for Super Bowl too, sometimes NBA Finals are busts or not super interesting teams
New_York_For_The_Win::Why? just because I have a different opinion?
Meet Friar Manning::Boo this man!
RavenTrain_::Sometimes superbowl can be a disappointment cos its just 1 game and sometimes one team doesnt show up to play
Meet Friar Manning::Best record should get home field... talk about incentive to not sit your starters
RavenTrain_::YEA! i hate the random city !
Meet Friar Manning::And its in a random city and filled with lots of people with no rooting interest.... NBA finals is the better atmosphere hands down
Meet Friar Manning::gotta go NBA over superbowl, the superbowl is like half media so it doesnt have the energy a NBA game 7 does
RavenTrain_::superbowl ads that have nothing to do with football
puckthemediamachine::True i hate the super bowl crap that doesnt have to do with football.
Thomas154813::NBA Finals game 7, to be more exact
puckthemediamachine::$@%! i cant choose.  My panties get wet just thinking about any of those.
benji200925::of course, NBA Finals
Thomas154813::would u pay to watch Mayweather vs. Manny Pac, Superbowl with any 2 teams u wish, or NBA finals with any 2 teams u wished
Meet Friar Manning::easily a KO for Pacquiao, and i like Mayweather
puckthemediamachine::NO way. Pac man ko scaredweather
emacpmd::Mayweather Vs. the Pacman. Mayweather wins 9 rounds.
