Funnyman4WI::Why is this an article?  The Bucks won't make the playoffs.  I want them to, but they will have to win three games in row and have the 76'ers lose three games in a row.  Does anybody see that happening?
Clarence2126::wow the milwaukee does actually remembered how to win, but typical it comes too late...the usual too little too late $@%!$@%! we are used to here in wisconsin from the milwaukee pro teams!!!!
nicksumas1965::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month 3 straight months now following this system. I found it by Google searching the words "sports betting system" it was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting  this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that works and is tired of not winning their bets like I once was
chriskerr1964::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month 3 straight months now following this system. I found it by Google searching the words "sports betting system" it was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting  this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that works and is tired of not winning their bets like I once was
CandySparker::Milwaukee fans believe "Bucks to the future".
CHWhiteSox85::Still have a chance of playing a crap team, yes!
springfresh33::I took a risk with the cover so thank you Milwaukee for coming through and good win!
UnsportsManLikeConduct2::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
KnicksAllday.::gl bucks, YOU NEED IT! HAHA
snow_brdr_88::HAha! Enjoy watching your knicks get trounced by Chi Town! (I would wish gl too, but ha, who we kidding?)
GetHype21::No way I hope they beat the Bulls... I am sick of these obnoxious, fat, *ipshit fans in Chicago.
milwaukeemonster::im still having nightmares over that wizards game...
Clarence2126::you mean the does
gogtowngo::that was a tough loss, buck never showed up to play
Supaman670::Bucks-Bulls first round!
gogtowngo::thanks superman i agree
Supaman670::I think they could win one game
GrandMstrBud::Hell no, Philly. I'd rather have a lottery pick than get swept by the Bulls
GrandMstrBud::Should have thrown the game. Just lose one more or Philly wins one more then we'll get a lottery pick.
GrandMstrBud::0.7% is the chance of winning 2 games against the Bulls
-FEARTHEDEER-::Then we have a 0.7% chance of the first pick. Rather just make the playoffs.
360dubs::going to the Miami board. Must be fun there
-FEARTHEDEER-::your words are too long for the banner
360dubs::Gotta say that Gerald Green is improving.
360dubs::but he still suck!
360dubs::nets will probably lose to Toronto in their last game of the season.
FranciscoKern::As a Blazer fan I'm rooting for Milwaukee to win this one - thanks Bucks, this helps us both ways!
360dubs::Nets called timeout as if they were serious about winning.
mark_aggs::that was about the cover
360dubs::true
danielt818::Jennings heating up
gobaders::Ok bucks chances for playoffs are fading away they have to win  against toranto and phili and Boston and phili has to lose against nets bucks and detroit
chadwi12::nets should be put down to nbdl
gobaders::Hey
chadwi12::nets are big time chode lickers
chadwi12::nice shot dookie hair.... u selfish chode
Michael_Orlando_Magic4life.::Because of you talking about fingering LeBron and having that gay message drawing.
DRook215::Bum $@% board for two bum $@% teams
chadwi12::holy shiz humphries is horrendous... i mean absolutely atrocious... he has not done a single positive thing in the time ive been watching.. slow footed sorry bia%ch
gogtowngo::i dont get why he would want to marry a sluttttttt and then get divorcd by a slutttt. i dont know how low you can go
chadwi12::lol slutation device does have a nice big ol booty though.... that i wouldnt touch with a ten foot pole
gogtowngo::his mind is lost after losing kim kardashian, who is a stupid porographic $@%!$
Michael_Orlando_Magic4life.::Where is everyone at?  The least amount of people in a chat room I ever seen.
Michael_Orlando_Magic4life.::You want to finger LeBron??  Gay
tah.adin::i sooo hope the bucks lose tonight so the sixers can rest their starters :)
gogtowngo::you wish dipstick
Michael_Orlando_Magic4life.::Since 76ers won tonight now they have to lose their last 3 games in order for the Bucks to make the playoffs.
gogtowngo::let's hope to god that happens
tah.adin::SIXERS = PLAYOFFS :)
gogtowngo::players= good, they are fresh and young and talented coach= sucks, has no offensive mind
tah.adin::29-33 bucks are a joke !
gogtowngo::bucks= playoffs
SB4LlFE::lets do this nets... bucks are done
gogtowngo::bucks win you $@%! nugget
360dubs::welcome!
gogtowngo::bucks pull yourselves together, you need this win. nets suck monkey butt. please get that winning attitude on you got this
Timdiz85::lets go netssssss
360dubs::Let's go Nets. Lotta luv for Monta though!
danielt818::Dubs fan, but we need the nets to pass us in the standings.
360dubs::yup. And Raptors as well. Heck I am rooting for Hornets as well as it appears they are playing to win.
360dubs::w's fan and we need better % for higher draft pick. Don't mind me.
gogtowngo::why, are you monta fan
chadwi12::what a cluckin moron
gogtowngo::ersan for mip award
gogtowngo::bucks win please
picaac15::Wow this board is actually dead.  All the bad teams are playing great now, and all the teams in the hunt for the playoffs are faltering.
gogtowngo::f u bucks to the finals lol
SB4LlFE::so how'd monta work out for the bucks? soo inconsistent... 1 good game followed by 5 bad games
jamesbik::Comment number 48!!
gogtowngo::bucks win....we need this........76ers please lose, it is bucks time to shine
Accountnumber41::lol 46 comments hahahahaha
Captaincone9::I see that the comments are blowing up!! 45 comments.. I thought that was the temperature
Not a Scam_Free Movies::http://realyoutubemovies.blogspot.com  New site, free movies
one way21::phi 98-ind 98 overtime
Jayce_Reeve248593::New Jersey Nets vs. Milwaukee Bucks   i found a site that might help with picking a winner:   http://bit.ly/HS9F1f
