Tim Loveable Wells::I want David West on my All-Dark-Alley team.
Gabriel Santiago::Carol Parker aint nobody got time for that
John Pirami::Indy, please don't peak too early, many other fan bases are counting on you guys to take out the Heat this year....
Mark Randy Myers::LOL at take out the Heat, we are taking it all!!
Anthony Thomas::Mark Randy Myers Lmao you barley beat Bobcats In OT, trust me those two championships are enough this year they aren't going to win it buddy
Keith Haemmerle::Anthony Thomas Markleville is in Indiana..he means the Pacers..
Scott Hall::I can't begin to thank CJ Watson for coming here. Great option off the bench
Zack Schooler::Dude West, that was uncalled for man
Dereck Johnson::I love the attitude D.West brings 2the Pacers, but Zack ur right. Why does he do stuff like that. The 1st half was over, so who cares he wouldn't give him the ball. This wasn't the 1st time either. I've saw him get mad several times &take cheap shots 4no reason. Not really the leadership he usually shows. He needs 2learn from this &stay under control.
Bruce Ward::Yeah, that was really not necessary. He's got to tone that type of thing down. I think he was just another in a long line of PF & C's that punk Griffin though.  Not that it's right, but I guess he figured he'd follow suit.
Steve Perkins::Dereck Johnson  First eject for West in five years.  Not too worried about it.
Christopher Laporga::I'll be at the game representing Pacers nation. Let's go 'Cers!!!!
Anthony Thomas::Yeah and next week you'll be jockin Miami's Nuts like the rest of the Bandwagon Fans
Christopher Laporga::Anthony Thomas Yeah I like to bandwagon teams being from Indianapolis and all. It makes sense.
Havinggoodtime Incaliforniafun::he will Anthony
Steven Rivera::36 pts but 2 assists??????? wow what ball hog...  See??? I could play the same game, you Pacers trolls play. Anyways impressive dunk, best this season
Scott Hall::Someone's mad
Steven Rivera::Scott Hall umm no
Scott Hall::It's ok. When you are here crying, it's a good day
Saikiran Annapureddy::Im a Heat fan but that Paul George dunk was just plain filthy
Jojo White::Quin Buckner is down right pathetic....how do you all listen to that guy every game
Gary Bo::OMG..I know! He is awful.
Mike Williams::I generally don't.  Usually turn the sound down and use the DVR to sync the game with the radio.
Igor Yank::stephenson is a beast
Ravi Mahalingam::The NBA is horrible at scheduling.  Clippers-Pacers is a marquee matchup.  Why schedule it where the Pacers are well-rested and the Clippers are on the second day of a back to back after flying across the country? I would've loved to have seen this matchup with a more fully rested Clipper team.
Keith Haemmerle::Not hearing you. The Pacers have played more b2b's than any other team so far this season. They have played 5 games in 7 days twice and 7 games in 11 day right before new year.. The last time the Pacers played the Clips in LA both teams had had a day off...Same result...
Will Harmon::hm, tough one.  360 dunk in a live game, or jumping over the bumper of a compact car in an exibition..  help, i cant figure out which one is actually athletic
Renee Pantoja::Long time Clipper Fan here, Since the move to San Diego in 78. Rooting for my Clippers tonight. Hopefully will be a good game. It's nice to see civilized coments from opposeing fans. Good luck Pacer Fans, but hope we win.
John Bunch::I was thinking the same thing about Clippers fans. When Pacers play the Heat, Knicks or Bulls these comment sections turn into a one up contest. Without CP3 this was always going to be a tough mountain to climb for the Clips...but 16 isn't a big lead against a team as explosive as the Clips. Although the Pacers seem to have a knack for really clamping down in the 3rd and not looking back.
John Taylor::i doubt the pacers just run away with a win.   and that guy blake griffin...  i cant ever remember seeing a dude so calm yet so explosive in the paint as blake griffin.  lol
Keith Haemmerle::Blake has really stepped up his scoring. The last time they played the Pacers he looked lost unless he was dunking.
Andy Sitter::Looks like you were wrong!
Josh Strouth::These refs are putting forth a valiant effort to let the Clippers win, they're still down by double digits
Leland Wong::Will be a good game ,I am rooting for my Clippers. It is going to be tough w/o Chris Paul.
Ruby Nashy::Long time Clipper Fan here,
Renee Pantoja::Been a Fan since 78 when they first moved to San Diego. Back to Backs suck, especially when you have to play a team like the Pacers. Well 1-1 on the trip so far. Hopefully  get 4 out of the next 5 on the road. Let's go Clippers!!!!!
Keith Haemmerle::Welcome back Danny Granger. People either forgot or never knew Granger can play. He was the best the Pacers had when he got hurt. In the time he was out the Pacers got better all around him. Him coming back is a bigger deal than anyone knows. Bench is already scoring 6 more points a game and Granger is just now getting his game back. He is still capable of putting up 20 and playing good D.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Don't get too excited. He's still shooting under 40%. Hope he knocks the rust off.
Keith Haemmerle::Jeffrey Nicholas He could start on most teams and he's coming off of the bench. If he was getting more minutes his shooting % would come up faster. He's getting better every week...
Jeffrey Nicholas::Keith Haemmerle He has been better this month, but 42% for the month still isn't great. We'll see if he gets all the way back, but he still looks diminished to me. Again, I hope he gets right. I'm just cautious.
LeRoy S Baker Jr::Something about Indiana & the 2nd Half! They take off & never look back!! If they're down, after halftime, they find ways to catchup, sustain a lead & get the W!!!
Keith Haemmerle::8 minutes in Hibbert with 5 blocks. I guess the Clips don't believe he's for real...YOU SHALL NOT PASS....
Keith Haemmerle::Wow...Refs are injecting themselves in this game in the 3rd quarter...
Mark McCoy::George is like bad chicken. He'll mess you up!
Rönald Clärk::Don't miss  "On a Mission: Indiana Pacers."  tonight at 5:30 on NBATV.
Trevor Hennington::That was a good game, that dunk made it even more worth it.
Josh Neal::The refs need to stop sucking the Clippers dicks.
Keith Haemmerle::PG NASTY!!! What a dunk...
