Blitherpolecat::is nash was on the heat that would be a title with ease
iTzDiRkFoR3::Nash for MvP?
Frank38443::Looking good Hornets.. guess that Clippers trade is paying dividends
LeChron J::when did Vasquez get traded from Mem to NO?????????????? very underrated player IMO
CGraceIII::Any NBA fan with a clue knows that trade was never about the Hornets being better this season, it's about building a team for the future.
Frank38443::It's too bad it was a bad trade for the future too. Gordon.. gone. Kaman.. gone. Aminu.. sucks. TWolves pick.. not as good as the Knicks pick from the Lakers deal. Ability to attract future talent.. non-existent. Any NBA fan with half a brain knows that franchise is ruined and that trade was never about helping out the Hornets now or in the future. It was about keeping Chris Paul off of the Lakers.
mmyer98::Usually when Nash scored above 20 points the Suns lose. NO must really suck.
majerle9_93::Any time the Suns, win it makes me happy, especially when the "Old School Suns" go and score 120.
CandySparker::I like Vasquezball very much.
FranciscoKern::I'm telling you, this kid isn't going to be an all-star but I would LOVE to have him on my team.  He's got game.
Ghettovolcom::I say Trade Nash to the CLIPPERS... might as well let him go to a contender and we should start rebuilding THIS season while there is a stacked Draft Class
0mar4449::i would love steve nash to get a ring before he retires, however he should play for someone like lakers coming off the bench, clippers, he might be some use to pacers, bucks, bulls, thunders could use another shooter, dever, he could help some of those teams because of his passing ability and scoring, furthermore, he should play with somebody who already have a point guard because of his age and almost near retirement. Even if he don't get that ring he still would have been one of the best passers in the nba.
0mar4449::trade nash for money and a round pick
Ghettovolcom::trade nash for mo..
SaintsNO9::The Clippers already have CP3, Billups, Mo Williams, Foye, and Bledsoe as PG's already. Why the hell would they trade for Nash?
0mar4449::yeah he might take the spot light form cp3 or make him come off the bench
ds174006::Nash is currently 5th (!!) in field goal percentage...If he can keep it up, there's a change he could average .500 .400 .900 for his entire career!
Dirk2XMVP::I'd take Steve Nash over JKIDD in a heartbeat. He should sign a 1 year deal with the Mavs.
bradonlywins::Wow Nash's stat line is a thing of beauty..
Hutch1005::Why must he waste away in Pheonix
bradonlywins::Wow Nash's stat line is a thing of beauty..
camavermic::The Hornets look good to us!  ~ Kansas City
Mavsontheroad41::Can someone tell me why steve nash is still in Phoenix
Ghettovolcom::he actually doesnt want to be there you can tell.. im a phx fan he's just loyal and will play for us as long as his contract makes him... he will leave once its over and im sure he'd like a trade, he just won't ask
Forkitout24::Yes  di ck for brains. He is LOYAL!!! unlike most NBA'ers. PHX mgt said he can stay as long as he wants.
AZwildcatz4life::cuz he wants to be here
Iamtheunderdog23::The sad part is that Steve Nash put up thirty points and ten assists, but he won't be mentioned nearly at all tomorrow on Sportscenter. He is definitely one of the most underrated players around
Mavsontheroad41::two time MVP not underrated.. just on a sorry team
falseprophet2012::Another great battle by two great defensive teams.
GoredBy21::Unleash Greivis
ajansan::hahah thank David Stern Hornets fans
CGraceIII::Gordon, 2 lottery picks, whatever we get for Kaman. I'm fine with that trade still.
JBT8085::Who's with me and thinks the Hornets can turn it around and make the playoffs this year?
AZwildcatz4life::I like to call Nash "two time" because hes a two time MVP -Jalen Rose
CandySparker::
KingDanimalTheAnimalASUFan28::WOW   Looks like Nash exploded
Forkitout24::It was awesome seeing him get 2 assist to Josh Childress back to back to break KJ's Suns record
GOGO9625::I'd take Nash over Paul any day
terpsravensmavs::Great game Greivis Vasquez!
TheJTram::Nash blocked someone? he still got it :)
ZonaWildcats_2170::Good Job Suns(: it was a good game!
AZwildcatz4life::Yeah!! looks like the Suns of old!!
ZonaWildcats_2170::i like your name btw (:
AZwildcatz4life::Go Wildcats!!!
Colin Cowherd is awesome::I remember when the Suns used to score 120 with their eyes closed... brings back memories
arizonasting001::Later suns fans. GG Hornets.
KeMvP277::See you in baseball season.
KeMvP277::Atleast i have UNC.
arizonasting001::Steve Nash is trending on twitter.
yanksoverthesox11::tried getting on the okc dal board    ontario bill is spamming his b utt off there
yanksoverthesox11::he is such a fooking as shole
JOE CARLS::he spammed the s h i t out of the Bulls-76ers game earlier too
JOE CARLS::Hey on the plus side tonight the Bucks beat the Heat lmfao
prestige_worldwide_ceo::I'm wondering what Harrison Barnes or Anthony Davis will look like in a Hornets Uniform next season
KeMvP277::I used to think Williams was a bad coach, but now i realize it's the players and their carelessness.
gt1master_ike::Losing CP and west just killed us. And without gordon, the team just has very little talent.
gt1master_ike::Jack will be better as a role player if the hornets get a ready to start PG in the draft.
KeMvP277::Jack is trying, but hes not good enough.
KeMvP277::Hornets lose, T-wolves lose, good day for the Hornets draft.
gt1master_ike::indeed my friend.
Mr Ntense::nash got a block too?? BEASTING
saiem::30/10 on 13-16 shooting, perfect from the line and perfect from three.  This dude is insane. All these young chuckers like Rose and Westbrook couldn't hold his JOCK. Chris Paul is decent, but Nash is a better shooter and passer. Same goes for Williams. Watching Steve Nash run an offense is a sight to behold.
fastfootedone::well said....Nash is AMAZING
KeMvP277::Chris paul led this almost exact same hornets team to the playoffs last year, and almost defeated the lakers. He's more than decent.
KeMvP277::And he leads his teams to playoff seasons.
gt1master_ike::Exaxctly, and he may not be the shooter nash is  but he is just as good a passer and turns the ball over much less which is why his career A/T ratio is about 4 to 1 while nash has never had a season with a ratio of 4 to 1.
NBA_refs_are_weak::and in 29 minutes
as-tw::And at 38 years old...
fastfootedone::and working with what is basically a group of 'depth' players.....wish he had a star to work with
gt1master_ike::CHris Paul is decent?? HAHAHAHAHA
KeMvP277::I have a question for your coach suns fans: Why is he playing Frye over Markieff Morris?
JOE CARLS::who knows but Markieff just doesnt get stable minutes or minutes in bunches is usually 5 minutes at a time then out. Gentry just sucks as a coach
Orange602::Because that's how Gentry rolls
Mr Ntense::no clue
saiem::Kief comes off the bench. He played.
arizonasting001::oh nvmd. just saw that
arizonasting001::Morris needs a little more time to develop. He started a few games and did worse than Frye did as a starter.
KeMvP277::I mean in the 4th quarter.
hcdbus::Phoenix Suns turning back the clock!
papipizza5225::all my friends called me a homer for picking nash high in fantasy.. suckas
JOE CARLS::good call
Fafa Flufly::keep nash sign r. wallace and gilbert arenas and we are set!
JOE CARLS::oh god NO! Gilbert would be lucky to ever play in the nba again and Rasheed is done he has nothing left
Fafa Flufly::we are talking about the team that just signed m. redd...so who is on meth or crack?
yanksoverthesox11::sarver is
yanksoverthesox11::r u on crack or meth?
jlbvzla::What a game for Vasquez!
jlbvzla::Hahahaha. Probably, but he had a very good game, 20 points and 12 Assists... Should be career best for him.
yanksoverthesox11::shouldnt he be playing baseball?
prestige_worldwide_ceo::Trade Nash to the Knicks for Stoudemire
yanksoverthesox11::i wonder how stat likes being number 2 behind melo
JOE CARLS::i loved Stat but he left us for more money and a big market so now he can stay there
JOE CARLS::he walked away from Phoenix on free will
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::SUNS WIN! YEAH!   :) :) :)
KeMvP277::master_ike, who do you think Nola should take in the draft?
CGraceIII::Would love to get Davis here, but we'll have to get lucky in the lottery.
gt1master_ike::Im thinking either tony davis or drummond. Hornets desperately need frontcourt help.
KeMvP277::Whatever gets us back to winning. Whether it's Davis, barnes, robinson, etc, whatever works.
gt1master_ike::Yea, the whole draft lottery system is crazy even for the team with the best record. But heres to hoping the hornets get at least a top 3 pick.
KeMvP277::I think those two will be taken by the time the hornets draft, they'll get like the 5th pick and i was thinking Robinson from Kansas. He's a junior, so he's got experience. And he's got a great motor, another thing this team is lacking. .
Forkitout24::Night all !! Ice those Legs Steve!!
nogicat3::Suns win!!! Yes (Deep inside DAMMIT)
gt1master_ike::Well at least it took all the way to  the 4th quarter for the hornets to  show their offensive futility in this game.
KeMvP277::haha good point.
papipizza5225::well it looks like the suns are wrapping up this game. time for a Vaseline run!!!!
Fafa Flufly::is the redd experiment officially over??
arizonasting001::ha, yeah.
