Louisvillle1::I'm A boston fan and I hope jazz takes the lakers spot for a 8 seed.   LETS GO JAZZ!
nuggetzalltheway23::Lol I remember when Suns fans said before the season started that they would be better then the Nuggets, because Dragic would lead them. LMFAO!
SportsFan7310::nuggets are garbage
CoreyGallagherArt::It's as if PHX is trying to lose...
True_ Born _Spurs::Good Win Utah.
SportsFan7310::even if the suns get a good draft pick, they'll still be garbage
nodonovan1377::I know it was a shot at their franchise.  They were supposed to be atleast a top 3 team out west.  Now they r tryin to hold onto the 8 seed, lol.
SportsFan7310::lol
nodonovan1377::Beat the Lakers, lol
SportsFan7310::wow, the lakers..impressive
gary_bettman_hearts_the_coyotes::Great loss, suns! Lets keep the L train rolling!
FORKWDEVIL::Nice!
Texans1095::check it out DBacks fans!! http://austinsmithwnis.blogspot.com/2013/03/2013-mlb-predictions.html
gary_bettman_hearts_the_coyotes::It would be awesome to see Adam eaton get rookie of the year. I am not sure about the World Series prediction though...
nodonovan1377::Jazz shoulda traded one of their bigs for a point guard.  Eric Bledsoe woulda been perfect but the Clippers had their heads up their butts!!!
R Barron::They're weren't any available and the Jazz need cap space. I'm tired of seeing this.
floreezie::"The Suns have long been out of the playoff race, but they do have a vested interest in seeing the Jazz finish ahead of the Lakers for the eighth Western Conference seed. If the Lakers miss the playoffs, the Suns get the Lakers."  What does this mean?
Loosole::Pick?
JWalk9267::yea they get the pick
Watneys67::Jazz beat the worst team in the Conference, who have 7 road wins all year, at home after being only up 4 entering the 4th quarter.  Ended up being a decently easy win, but the (regular season ticket) fans in ESA tonight were a bit restless with the Jazz' overall effort in the middle two quarters of this game.  Also, I think they announced attendance at 16,900, but there were more empty seats in ESA tonight than I think I have seen all year - real attendance had to be 15,000 or less.  This is not a positive sign for a team supposedly in a playoff fight in the last few weeks of the season. Not many people I sit around really are enthusiastic about (or even really like all that much) this current team. Jazz ownership and GM have to be noticing this, and I anticipate wholesale changes in next year's Jazz roster.  Jazz are still probably going to end up "officially" at 92-93% attendance for the year - but that number is inflated by at least 1000 many nights with many empty season tickets holders seats.
Darkflame07::Looks like Evans will get some minutes at pf because favors will have to cover kanters minutes at center. He could be a solid 3 if he can hit that midrange jumpshot.
tfoutz31::kinda like paul millsap
TAC0REV::Good point. He's kind of stuck in between.
Darkflame07::But he's too light to guard pf's in the post an he really has no post offense. He could play the 4 in stretches but his primary position would be the 3.
TAC0REV::I like what I've seen from Evans but I doubt he's quick enough to consistently guard 3's...
SportsFan7310::seems like people don't like Corbin
nodonovan1377::They showed Corbin during a timeout....wow.  Not exactly Doc Rivers, lol.
adamsbrian88::seems you've got the general Idea
R Barron::Hayward was the best player on the court tonight. Favors needs to work on his offense, and Burks needs to keep being aggressive getting to the rim. Sucks that Kanter got hurt.
Darkflame07::Favors needs to work on not always going right into the defender. If he gets a little more confidence in his jumpshot he won't try to always draw contact, hopefully he works hard on it in the offseason.
Francis4345::Whats going on with Caroll ? The energy of this team with Hayward and Burks.
TAC0REV::Corbin.
arizonasting13::Wes Johnson 22 points? lol
EarlxThexPearlxWatsonx6thmanoftheyear::300 bucks down the drain because the suns cant convert on a simple fastbreak
R Barron::If only earl was in to blow it for the Jazz
huezomania::do you think hayward makes an all star someday?
milk_n_cookies14::Hayward is my man-crush
Francis4345::Good game by Hayward. Love this kid. Glad also Foye looks back on track !
mikeisildur::Ty Corbin said he should be one this year, right after benching him for Randy FOye
free derrick favors::Maybe if he becomes more consistent. Which he has been lately
EarlxThexPearlxWatsonx6thmanoftheyear::down 4 to start the 4th and you cant cover 13.5... thats tanking if ive ever seen it
WoodyMLB4::Under FTW!!
EarlxThexPearlxWatsonx6thmanoftheyear::jazz cover because the suns cant run a break
R Barron::Imagine if Hayward took as many shots as Big Al. He'd have 35 tonight easy.
free derrick favors::Hayward &gt; Kobe
SportsFan7310:::)
JuMueller::Is there Kanter injury update?
TAC0REV::Scroll down
Naminus_Moot43927::I love this:  http://tinyurl.com/challenge-free-nba3
SportsFan7310::don't click the link
SportsFan7310::Al Jefferson is going off!
jazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz i know right::That's what she said
JWalk9267::Can someone try to tell me why Kanter has only played 3 minutes?
JWalk9267::I saw the comments below
JWalk9267::never mind
TAC0REV::Shoulder injury in the 2nd Q.  So not because of Corbin's stupidity, for once.
AnikaAndTony::can we get a phx cover
leloupgarou111::Is al actually playing d
JWalk9267::He does actually try on occasion. I saw it a couple of times in the Spurs game. But the problem is the other 85% of the time he DOESN'T play D.
Orange6O2::I'm late, but what is wrong with Dragic?
mikeisildur::They're trading him for Earl Watson
gary_bettman_hearts_the_coyotes::Btw...good win Utah! Way to destroy us!
adamsbrian88::Had to step away for a while, what's the word on kanter?
adamsbrian88::dislocation?
TAC0REV::Looked like it.
TAC0REV::MRI tomorrow, looking like he'll be out at least two weeks. Possibly the rest of the season.
Benefits Of The Truth::Every kobe fanboy in the world is on the Heat board hating right now LOL. Like 100 comments per second. How pathetic
thexdiamond::Remember all those games they lost with Hayward on the bench?  Good times.
gary_bettman_hearts_the_coyotes::So glad the bulls beat the heat! Now espn will only mention lebron every ten minutes.
gary_bettman_hearts_the_coyotes::As long as it is not a championship, I am good...
SportsFan7310::that would be awful
Benefits Of The Truth::So if the Heat win it &amp; Lebron has his 4th MVP will you go jump off a bridge?
Benefits Of The Truth::unless he wins his 4th MVP, then well...
Benefits Of The Truth::Yeah 27 - 1 in their last 28 games... You were probably not the smartest kid in the class... like ever right?
TunaSauce16::LOL  They bench Dragic because he gives the team a chance to win. I love my suns but they're soooo obviously bombing in classless fashion.
TunaSauce16::dtd my $@%!.
arizonasting13::YEEE
Senator Cosgrove::So obvious what the suns do, so obvious...The are like snakes.......  The opposition comes out with intensity and the suns cannot compete. Its simple, they cannot compete because of there horrendous roster.....The opposition as expected build a huge lead, then they relax, they think they are home and hosed......This is when the Suns pounce..Thats the only way they compete, when the opposition give up and look for an easy night
TunaSauce16::These rotations have been so F-ing odd.
TunaSauce16::Is dragic really hurt though?
arizonasting13::no, just a little banged up so they gave him rest... oh well
arizonasting13::The Suns are without their best two players tonight, what did you expect?
mikeisildur::Disgruntled Lakers fan mad about suns losses
TAC0REV::Four point lead at home over a bad team that's trying to lose. Pathetic.
kevrev12::Freee earl the pearl Watson........dude goes hard
TAC0REV::"..........dude <b>sucks</b> hard"  FIXED.
Senator Cosgrove::Jazz struggling to put away the rubbish suns...turnover turnover , turnover, turnover...  But apparently the jazz are going to compete in the post season LOL
FuzzySchWartzZ::Lets go Utah   -A wolves fan
TAC0REV::Yes, we can all tell by the mandatory cat avatar.
mikeisildur::T-wolves just got gipped.  Kobe fouled Rubio at the end of regulation, even the Kobe-$@%!$ saying it was obvious.  Refs of course pay no attention and Lakers win 120-117.    !$!@$ the Lakers and the ref help their sorry team gets.
Shamed_Shaun::why does nba 2k13 love to keep hayward a 68 overall? The kid is good.
TAC0REV::HOUDINI
mikeisildur::Minnesota letting us down.  Gonna have to wait till tomorrow to be back in 8th
stella4546::Over / under 95.5 for 2H??
CrabCrack::Butta!!  Man, I so want to see Kendall do well in PHX!!  Hard to believe how quickly that team went down, but it's time for a re-birth!!
Bela8442::3 POINT SHOOOTTT AT THE BUZZERRRR OH YEAAAAA
