CandySparker::Yes D-Will, Yes D-Will.
LETSGOBROWNS1992::http://theclevelandoptimist.blogspot.com/2012/11/kyrie-is-quickly-becoming-superstar.html
ballsohard55.55::D-Will all day he should still be in a Utah Jazz uniform, stupid trade.  Cav starters suck.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Whoa, Verajao went off the chain, huh?
TRHMC1::So far this season, Cavs starters have yet to be outscored. Worst bench in the NBA.
SodaPoP PIMPski2::hey waiters, if your shot is not falling then try to hold back from jacking up shots everytime you touch the ball
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::YYYYYAAAAAYYYYYY MY BABIII SCORE 34POINTS KYRIE IRVING A BEAST  AND ANDY HAD 35 BEASTIN OUT HERE BUT THEY LOST CUX THERE IS NO BENCH  AND NO D WHAT SO EVER
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::better game from Joe Johnson, but why cant this guy get busy in the paint ?!  I don't think I've seen this guy dunk yet since he's been a Net
the departed movie theatre scene::rubio &gt; irving  and he isn't even playing...LOL!!!!
YaImFromCleveland::who's rookie of the year?  with almost all the 1st place votes
Gene7470::Question how many games do the Cavs have to lose before we can "lose" Byron Scott?
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::AWW NOT EVEN COOL LOL
Uhggly::was this a playoff roster as constructed?
nyallday3::johnson most overrated "all star" in the league, steve nash made him and now hes just another wasted physical talent who hangs out on the perimeter. N*gga ur 6'7, go to the f***ing basket. or dump his ridiculous contract and let Marshon make it rain and grow into his full potential. Cuz that dude can ball
nyallday3::Uhggly just cuz steve nash isnt playing with him anymore doesnt mean that he didnt help establish him as an all star. johnson wanted big money that phoenix wouldnt give him so he left and he then went to atlanta where he was getting the ball in iso all the time so he could just jack up shots cuz he was obviously the best player on a mediocre team so those "all star' numbers and appearances are worthless. lets see if he actually can play like his numbers suggest. its real easy to fly under the radar in crappy ATL
nyallday3::yea way to argue just for the hell of it $@%!$@%, last i checked i called him an all star so maybe just don't be a !$@%!
Uhggly::all his All-star appearances are after Nash.. OK Jimmy Stats? but yeah he's overpriced and overrated now
nyallday3::yeah if only joe johnson could play like a superstar against uhhh not Cleveland... they have no heart except Kyrie my N*gga
BlewMilkyEyes::Wait, Brooklyn's backcourt is *nicknamed* Brooklyn's Backcourt? Is Brooklyn's frontcourt nicknamed Brooklyn's Frontcourt? So all you do is call it what it is, but capitalize all the words? That's... That's more like just making it a proper noun than an actual nickname.
Erban Legend::You know you are a soft team when Varejao puts up 35 and 18 on you.
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::last time i checked, Nets won by double digits
cpkirkley::Winning doesnt make your interior LESS soft - it just means you won. Unitl Lopez learns how to protect the paint and get 8-10 rebounds CONSISTENTLY, you will lose the rebound battle EVERY game, and you'll require super performances from williams and johnson to win you ball games. You're lucky Humphries wanted to stay, otherwise youd be totally screwed right now. Hes the best rebounder/defender in your frontcourt.
jimkamlowsky::Andy V. is playing like a guy that wants to be traded to a contender. I can't really blame him, the Cavs have absolutely no bench and they will be a complete joke again this season.
coltranesteelkirt::interesting.... So what does a player play like who's wanting to stay on a respective team?
william peragine::you will never be like what i did for you guys ...you miss me yet the greatest player to ever play for the CAVS LEBRON good luck this year...
coltranesteelkirt::Lol.... You have it backwards there guy... Cleveland made LeBron great, not vice versa.   Best Cavalier was Mark Price, followed by Larry Nance and Brad Daugherty.   LeBron was a servicable utility player but i doubt he makes the top 20 best Cavaliers.
Erban Legend::LOL
nealbronco87::Miami needs to trade for Varejao.
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::REALLY THATS ALL THE CAVS GOT OTHER THAN KYRIE WAITERS AND THTS IT REALLY
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::who's miami got to trade ?? with 4 all stars, their bench will b depleted if they try to make any more big trades
coltranesteelkirt::He's already said that he would never play for that dump of a city.   Miami's reign is already over, and Cleveland's is just getting started.
TommyNJ::Joe Johnson finding his groove tonight. I like it!
Uhggly::Dion Waiters.. a "shooting guard" that can't shoot
neonyte::Even after tonight's game he is shooting .488 and .531...
Uhggly::He is shooting .440 and .480.. and a terrible .558 from the free throw line.. always let it update before you post funny guy
Its all my fault::LMFAO!! A career night for Varejao AND Irving and we STILL lose!? smh.. come on boys
jimkamlowsky::The Cavs will be a joke again this season, which is ridiculous when you look at the team on paper. They should be .500 at the very least.
Gene7470::And who is our coach again?
neonyte::I'm almost convinced they are set to tank already.  Management decided ahead of time to handicap the team with a horrible bench so that Kyrie could put of great numbers and still lose.
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::Andy was in beast mode tonight, seriously that is a ridiculous stat line. http://www.milkwasabadchoice.weebly.com
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::Dion is looking pretty streaky, which is typical for rookies I guess.
DrawohWasHere::smh
TheBrownestBob::Dion has taken a lot of bad shots this year.  He needs to learn how to finish at the rim better or else his outside shot isn't going to open up anything.
TheBrownestBob::Cavs should make a trade for Jimmer Fredette.  Kings do not need Jimmer, Tyreke, Aaron Brooks, AND Isaiah Thomas, and we certainly don't need Tristan Thompson.
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::NO IT WAS JUST THAT GAME HE DONT SUCK THAT BADD 4REAL
jimkamlowsky::Tristan Thomson = Bust.
DrawohWasHere::wrong
SAFrankSU::Dion should have taken more shots. CLE lost because Kyrie is a ball hog.
LiveAndDieCleveland::the guy that went 3/16 should have taken MORE shots? ok then...
TheBrownestBob::Just stop giving the starters breaks.  This team can't win unless the starters play 44+ minutes.
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::U CAN SAY THAT SUM MORE SO PEOPLE WILL UNDERSTAND THAT OUR BENCH SUCK @$$
DrawohWasHere::The Bench scored 6 points.    Let me repeat this for the slow...   The Bench scored 6 points.     Even Waiters on a bad night like tonight, scores more than that.
DrawohWasHere::Cavs simply need to get a bench.   period.   Oh &amp; btw, Irving and Andy are studs.
mdtuzo::Knicks are playing good basketball, idk why it's so hard for some people to admit. Let's just watch the season unfold.
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::DIIDNT NOBODY ASK NOTHING BOUT THE KNICKS THOUGH
ipnetz006::And you posted that on this topic, why?
NYSportsFan360::<b>JR Smith = Joe Johnson</b>  Except that we pay JR Smith like $2 million and Nets pay Joe like a $100 million  haaaaaaaah.
Efreshp::Jj Is less consistent than jr smith like it or not the truth is the truth
ipnetz006::JR Smith = Joe Johnson??? You're out of your $@%!$@% mind.
russianshoulders::haha wait till jr shoots you out of more games! JJ has the consistency that jr will never have!
nixourbis::Your name is a joke, idc how good JR is playing to start the season.
Jimmy45795::I just took a dump and out poped YenxRenx. Why am I not surprised. Well you know what you do with shi.t you flush it.
YenxRenx::I told you the Cavs would fail miserably tonight and they did. i was right; you were WRONG....hahahahahahahha.....stupid Cavs fans....Cavs were  .500 or over after the 2nd game of the season....they will not be over .500 again..mark my words...
JohnsonnnL::Your mother failed miserably when she didn't swallow.
NJNets_100979::brook lopez top 2 center in the league!!
ipnetz006::Lopez had a solid game. Varejao was unstoppable though.
clevelandroxx1221::So does that mean Varejao is the top center?
clevelandroxx1221::You guys, just stop all of your commenting. Clearly, no one knows as much about basketball as YenxRenx. We are not even worthy to be talking on the same board as him. Just follow his great logic and his undeniable intelligence and maybe someday we can all be as awesome as him. Plus, it's not very nice to pick on someone who is either: a grown man who still lives in his parents' basement, or a 14 year old who has not seen basketball before. It would be wise if we just stepped back and observed his greatness.
JohnsonnnL::I have nothing against D Wade, but YenxRenx is an idiot.
YenxRenx::irving is  loser....with that .300 lifetime win % you can't deny it
yata-9arasu::At least it is better than your .000% win %.
I Strongly Dislike Dwyane Wade..::<b>Your mom's a loser.</b>
yata-9arasu::He is one of the worst fans I have ever meet on this site.  He goes on here and comments to just incite others or annoy them.  He is disrespectful for no reason.  Trash talks one of the youngest player in the league in Kyrie Irving.  The worst part is Irving is one of the few players in the NBA that is humble and the public can like.  But not YenxRenx because he is ignorant and a  level 100 troll.
Jimmy45795::Yes a true guru that YenxRenx is
I Strongly Dislike Dwyane Wade..::<b>YenxRenx is a fag.</b>
I Strongly Dislike Dwyane Wade..::<b>He needed a freakin' wheelchair for a SHOULDER injury.</b>
Mr. C1ean:::O Who's his partner? LBJ?
I Strongly Dislike Dwyane Wade..::<b>Dwyane Wade is a fag too.</b>
Mr. C1ean::I liked Wade before LeBron joined him.
I Strongly Dislike Dwyane Wade..::<b>Let's all go on the Lakers-Spurs boards and make fun of the Lakers and talk about how they're the laughing stock of the NBA</b>
YenxRenx::lakers will end up with a better record than the Cavs
clevelandroxx1221::I would sure hope so since many picked them to reach the Finals. It would make sense that they would win more than the Cavs. Wow you're really reaching now.
Jimmy45795::Alright heading over now lol
gerald_5::knicks will take the atlantic...  boston 2nd nets 3rd
airic.ad::exactly.  knicks fans are so excited about their 5-0 start but none of it will matter come playoffs.
airic.ad::i'm not a nets fan...
gerald_5::yes cause the nets are playing in the ECF
scottsvb1::Who cares
airic.ad::sixers 1st, knicks 2nd, celtics 3rd, nets 4th  all will make the playoffs
ipnetz006::airic.ad - they're definitely the best team in the atlantic with bynum  Bynum is out for another 6 weeks lol gl with that
airic.ad::they're definitely the best team in the atlantic with bynum
NJNets_100979::sixers 1st in atlantic? lol
I Strongly Dislike Dwyane Wade..::Serious Question:   WHO THE $@%! PUT A CURSE ON CLEVELAND SPORTS? It's pissing me off that all our professional teams suck..
YenxRenx::I always tell the truth...
YenxRenx::thome is one of the biggest roiders in history..hahahahah
I Strongly Dislike Dwyane Wade..::Dude, we're all talking $@%! about you up there, go to the top of the board lol
clevelandroxx1221::The intelligent comments just keep on coming.
YenxRenx::all cleveland teams under .500 this year...cavs and browns under .300 lol
YenxRenx::Cleveland used to have over 900,000 people, now they have under 400,000 lol....anyone with a brain left.
YenxRenx::Injuns of the 90s fatured Manny and Thome who proceeded to bring steroids to every team they played for hahahaha
clevelandroxx1221::Thome never took anything at all. He has always been a giant and has natural strength and talent. He is one of the best power hitters of all time, and he did it without any enhancements.
yata-9arasu::Weird because they weren't on the Yankees.  Oh wait...
YenxRenx::Cleveland teams never win..not in the 80-s 90s 00s or now...they always fail... favoirte words of a cleveland fan: "shoulda, woulda, coulda, wanna, gonna, oughta" lol
Jimmy45795::In 90s Cavs and Indians were the the shi.t. Cavs maybe would of won a championship in 90s if it were not for the Bulls. Thats the past though. Rate now Cavs have potential and Browns have some piecies in place. Be patient a little longer. as for indians I am tired of them don't get me started
YenxRenx::Its cause Cleveland sucks..the teams, the city , people...they all suck
yata-9arasu::You are exactly what is wrong with NY fans you ignorant as.shole!  You make the good fans ashamed.  Do you even have a life?
I Strongly Dislike Dwyane Wade..::that was my question so you really didnt answer anything...
scottsvb1::The Mayor... and the people who voted for Obama
scottsvb1::Cleveland sucks cause   1st  No Head Coach.... if you can't coach them to play defense (and he never has in the past 3 years) then you shouldn't coach  2.  No Bench..... you need others to step up  3. Youth.... team is pretty young but team does have enough talent to win 40 games... but again they are lacking  a Coach that can teach defense  and a bench
Gene7470::Yo scottsvb1, I agree with you %100! Not only are the Cavs the worst defensive team in the league (due to Byron Scott) We use the same ring around the rosey offense (Princeton) that got Brown fired in LA. A GOOD coach adjusts his coaching to the team he has, not the other way around. The nets got good shots all game long while the Cavs struggle going 1on 1. If not for the tremendous play of Kyreeee, we might lose by 30 every night. It's getting hard to watch any more!
scottsvb1::U guys know nothing about what your talking about...    Scott doesn't know how to play defense.. PERIOD
OmriCasspi12::how are you going to question Byron Scott? He has no talent thats why the defense sucks. If your talent is that awful no coach will work.
yata-9arasu::Exactly.  The starters need time to gel on defense and we have no bench.  How do you expect d-league talent(Sloan, Walton, Leur, etc) to defend as a team when they don't have the skills to do it.  We will be okay.  Every young team struggles on defense.
yata-9arasu::Irving shots slightly under 50% and 14/14 from the line scores 34 pts with 8 assists and 3 stl/3 rebounds and he isn't a team player???  He helped Varejao get so open.  His penetration helped set up Varejao and if Waiters doesn't miss 13 of his 16 attempts Irving has well over 10 assists and the Cavs win.  Shut the hell up YenxRenx you act like you have never watched basketball before.
YenxRenx::Irving is still learning the lessons he should have learned in college....trouble is he only played 16 college games before he flunked out lol
clevelandroxx1221::First, he played 11 games. Second, he didn't flunk out. He was injured for all the other games and left after that year since he was going to be the #1 pick. Idiot.
yata-9arasu::He is still taking classes at Duke in the summer time.
YenxRenx::knicks had more boards and more assists....trouble is the cavs delegate those duties to just two selfish players  maybe this will make it clearer: 2-6. .250 after being .320 last season...
yata-9arasu::Remember when we owned you the last few years?  You are just arrogant for no reason.  How is that selfish?  Who will shot?  Carmelo Anthony is selfish if you want to go by that standard.
airic.ad::At least cleveland has a better bench than portland.
gerald_5::tebomania is the best thing to hit NY since linsanity...
mafbest::35 pts, 18 reb, 3 ast , 2 stl. The best perfomance of the season ?
HunterF4444::Omri Casspi: 3 minutes, -8 +/-.  Legend
OmriCasspi12::thats why hes getting into the cavs' hall http://thescrublist.blogspot.com/#!/2012/11/cavali...
I Strongly Dislike Dwyane Wade..::Hey LeBron, come back
Jimmy45795::Jets Suck. That is all
I Strongly Dislike Dwyane Wade..::P.S. Tebow sucks
minn twin::Wut
minn twin::Anderson Varejao! Didn't need just LeBron to be good!
mafbest::cavs bench is garbage
OmriCasspi12::They dont play Omri enough, thats why. hes instant offense
HunterF4444::Your mom is callling you. She says it is past your bedtime. Put mommies computer down and go to bed.
YenxRenx::Cavs are garbage
YenxRenx::Cavs have no leadership, no seasoned winners to teach the youngsters...  Cavs also have moronic fans who dont hold the team accountable, instead opting to blow sunshine up the teams posteriot when it loses.
OmriCasspi12::If were all talking PG's here, why hasnt anyone mentioned Kirk Hinrich? The truth
gerald_5::hes in a class of his own
airic.ad::tony parker's most recent stats  let's take a look...  11/9 against the Kings: 5 pts 11/7 against the Clips: 4 pts 11/5 against the Pacers: 6 pts  this is a top 4 PG?  and don't tell me he's a better passer than d will either.
airic.ad::i'm just saying he's not better than paul, williams, westbrook, and rondo.  he's a legit #5 or #6 and an elite player in the NBA.  this was in response to the guy below who is overhyping him as a top 3 PG.
airic.ad::to be fair, he was very good through the first three games of this season too.
gt1master_ike::He was the 2nd best PG last year in the regular season after CP3 IMO.
Jimmy45795::First that is only 3 games. Second he was a top 5 last season. I don't see him falling off that quickly.
gt1master_ike::Come on now. A 3 game stretch?  He will be dynamite his year and you know it.
JohnsonnnL::Cavs need to play better defense. every team is shooting about 50% against them.
gerald_5::parker= 3 times nba champ and a finals mvp
Rezo201::I hope Kyrie continues to get even better and FINISHES his career with the Cavs. Cleveland sports fans have had it rough for a very long time. It would be nice to see a great player stick with them for a change.
YenxRenx::If Irving ever learns to play team ball, he'll be out of Cleveland , pronto. i doubt Irving will ever mature into a true team player capable of winning in the nBA
clevelandroxx1221::Hey go easy on the Yenx. The little guy has been through a lot having to deal with being a fan of the laughing stock of sports, the NY Jets. I'd try to pick on other people too if I had to watch Mark Sanchez every week.
HunterF4444::Did he fu.ck your girlfriend? Oh wait...what am I thinking, there is no way you could have a girlfriend.
neonyte::Got nothing better to do then bash Irving and Cleveland at every turn?  Oh right, you don't.
yata-9arasu::What makes him a team player then?
I Strongly Dislike Dwyane Wade..::Maybe if Dan gilbert wasnt such a dumbass people would stay
mikeyp2307::stupid
yata-9arasu::Rose tore his ACL and MCL...  That is why it is going to be tough to come back 100%.  He basically lost all stability in his knee.......
Starling Marte is a boss::yes, two ligaments will make it so that you cant walk
