RayNy2ATL::Always good to see another L in the win/lose column for the Nets
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::What happened to the Nets?  They started the season hot but have cooled off very quickly.  I've only seen bits and pieces of their games.
highly debatable with extra sauce::what happened here?!?
whatsanoa::Nets are starting to $@%! me off, Losing games they shouldn't lose. I'm starting to have doubts they will even make it to the playoffs now.
olwildcory723::Maybe the Nets should hire Jerry Sloan. Haha.
Snakes222::As bad as the Nets were last season, you'd think fans would be happy to at least be in the playoff mix this year.  Sheesh!
olwildcory723::Oh the eastern conference. Where being a crappy team can get you a top-4 playoff spot.
Cool Sun 13::What do y'all think of this trade? http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=cepg79g  Jazz also send their 2013 1st round pick to the Rockets.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Neither team would do it.
whatsanoa::Why would Rockets even consider trading Harden
Darkflame07::Well seeing as how the jazz are better than the rockets right now why would they just want to switch rosters? No.
This_Guy1::The Jazz have a winning record?
eric-bledsoe-666::deron williams =overated -luke walton
lmr0329::D-Will for Hector "Macho" Camacho's corpse
KnickDiaz::3 words    THE NETS SUCK!
sportsfan1014::cmon Nets, only 2 over .500, you can do better than that, keep it up the those Knicks!!
IAMLEGEND_101::nets suck, move back to newark  nets,jets.mets
I3UTTON::lol Nets suck  Joe Johnson = most overpaid, most overrated athlete in the NBA
Ontario925::The Nets are basically right where the Knicks were two years ago when they made big moves like get Carmello Anthony. Like the Knicks two years ago the Nets are much improved from what they have been previous bad season after bad season for years. But in a couple of years with the right moves and the right patience the Nets might be where the Knicks are right now. Competing in one of the top spots in the East Conference standings.
Rezo201::Avery needs to start getting Brook and Joe more shots. This crap with them taking about 12 shots a game is a joke considering there is no other scorer on the team. There is no reason at all that 9 or 10 different guys should be getting 5 or more shots. If you look at all the best teams they have 2 or 3 guys that get majority of the shots. When you have guys like Hump, Evans, Crash, Bogans, and now D-Brick jacking up shots you are wasting possessions. Those guys (minus D-Brick) are defensive guys who are in the NBA for their hustle, not their shooting.  Avery has this team and their roles all out of sync. Brook and Joe should be getting no less than 32 shots a game combined. Think about how many wasted possessions this team has with guys touching the ball that have no business taking jump shots. The last possession of this game is a perfect example of it. 2 WIDE OPEN shots were bricked.
King_Wade::Bunch of new pieces still coming together.   I wouldn't judge until after the All Star break.   D-Will is battling through a bunch of injuries, I'm sure he's not having a good time out there.   Lopez just came back and is being babied back into the line up.  They played really good ball for about 10 games, now since the Lopez injury, have been slumping.    Just part of the process of getting a new team to play together.  The consistency will come.
Ontario925::It takes time to bring an NBA team that has been in 10th or 11th conference standing spots every year for years up to top spot. At least 2-3 years normally even under the best resource conditions.
IAMLEGEND_101::BROOOKLYN BROOKLYN IS WEAK
IAMLEGEND_101::ok take him out then still a lot of players better. check dwill fg %, 3 pt %. his numbers dont compare to any of those listed
BK HOTSHOT::I like all those players, but to say they are having a better season than DWILL? What stats are you looking at? Rose hasn't even played? You're just naming good players.
Rezo201::The question is what stats are you looking at? Where should we begin? Right now you would be shooting a better % for us than Williams is.
IAMLEGEND_101::cp3 rondo westbrook curry healthy rose jrue holiday tony parker irving  dwill is fading
BK HOTSHOT::I'm not blaming Hump, I'm blaming Avery. Hump is good, he's just not better than Blatche. You like Hump, you take him. I'll take DWILL any day. Who's better?
Rezo201::Rondo, Paul, Rose, Westbrook, Parker, Holiday, Irving... All having better seasons or just better period.
marquies27::Yeah, Williams is overhyped...
IAMLEGEND_101::DWILL STINKS. STOP BLAMING HUMP AND AVERY. DWILL IS NOT A STAR
BK HOTSHOT::Avery Johnson is WEAK! NOT BROOKLYN. Get it RIGHT! Avery is scared to replace Humphries with Blatche. It's so obvious, but there has gotta be some politics involved in why he won't make a move. He's a soft, weak coach. He won't even scream at the refs. He's always freak'in smiling.
Rezo201::Blatche is a center.
eQ2.2::Now Al Jefferson would look real nice in a Nets Uni. Trade Lopez and Humpries for him?
olwildcory723::How bout Jefferson and Tinsley for D-Will?
Darkflame07::Yeah let's trade for a lesser center and also give away one of our best wings, stupid trade for jazz
Enes Kanter owns Dwight Howard::Yes the Jazz are going to free up their log jam by trading Jefferson for Lopez and humphries. God you guys are as dumb as Laker fans
BK HOTSHOT::You have a tag name CelticsGreen &amp; you calling someone STUPID? LOL.....
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::I think you're stupid and I am a Celtics fan. Brook Lopez by himself is better than Al Jefferson. LOL
BK HOTSHOT::I like the thought, but lets make it, Jefferson &amp; Hayward?
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::Brooklyn will finish under .500, they are stuck where no team wants to be. They are too good to get a high draft pick and not good enough to be a contender. Have fun drafting 17-22 for the next few seasons and being stuck in recycle. If you're a franchise you would rather really suck to give yourself a chance to build a contender or obviously be a true contender. The Nets are in NBA purgatory and will be for a while.
BK HOTSHOT::Listen moron, Blatche is a Baller, PERIOD!  Get him in the game &amp; watch him produce! The BEST defender is Evans not Hump. But Evans can't score. So Blatche is the perfect compliment to Lopez who is a weak rebounder. Have Hump &amp; Evans come in to clean boards &amp; defend so they can keep a lead. Which is the reason they have been losing in the second half.
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::They can't start Blatche, he is a center. He is not power forward and it would make your bench even worse if he was starting. Humphries sucks, but he is your best low post defender and Blatche sucks at defense. You can't have Blatche and Lopez in the paint at the same time. Neither can play the 4 or defend. Your team isn't that good man, you have a bunch of solid-good players, not a single very good-great player. That isn't going to cut it.
BK HOTSHOT::WHAT? You are kidding? This is a good team. All they need to do is Start Andray Blatche over Kris Humpries &amp; get the dude CJ Watson more shots. Watson has made a 3 pointer in each of the last 7 to 10 games. 6 FGA &amp; thats it? Stupid coaching. Has does Reggie Evans shoot almost as much as Watson? Seriously? As soon as Avery gets it right, BROOKLYN will RULE!
MormonBlackhawkMech::Way to come back and win away from home...used to them just backing down when trailing lately while on the road. 2-2 on this road trip was my prediction, but this one was a win I thought we would get.
tbw2445::At least Joe Johnson is putting in his expected point total. Brooklyn just doesn't have the talent
marquies27::Joe is going to put up points..an area were he needs to improve is showing up during the playoffs ~signed a Hawks fan~
lll__::isn't D Will 0-3 vs the Jazz now?
olwildcory723::He doesn't look like the D-WIll we had in Utah. Passionless. defeated, injured, I'm not sure. Just not the same.
MormonBlackhawkMech::Yup
NYballer6969::Deron Williams better wake up , he can't look good once in every 5 times down the court ! He was deemed the Superstar...He ain't even playing as good as some of the backups in the NBA ! If the worst shooting team in the NBA shoots around 43% every year , how much is Deron bringing the team down by shooting 38.8% ? Its not like he's taking 5 shots a game , which should have no effect on the team, he's taking 15 a game ! Maybe he should take a cue from Rondo and pass more , ease up some till your game is back ! Rondo 51% shooting ! Celtics .469 shooting to the Nets .441 !
ISAbranden18::And what is the Celtics record?
BK HOTSHOT::Will someone "PLEASE" remind Avery Johnson that he is in BROOKLYN NOW! This is NOT New Jersey. No more excuses. We don't play this sloppy BS. BK Folks are NOT HAPPY. Too many close games, WE should be winning. Stop with this LOSER mindset. You don't want us to start protesting. Al Sharptons on speed dial. I don't want to see Avery get fired, but it's time to get it right. We've been waiting a long time for a WINNER! Let's GO Avery!
JAHQUAN3::Nah you can't start whining so early..Its just suspect, regardless of when the team was expected to move their. These new NBA fans need to learn the way things work around here...Signed Long time Jazz Fan LMAO
BK HOTSHOT::YOU DAMN RIGHT!
MormonBlackhawkMech::For the price the fans pay for those home games in BKYN, they better step it up.
BK HOTSHOT::It's been 4 years since the announcement was made, that they were coming to BROOKLYN. So chill Mr. Insider? Two months, two days, two years, who $@%!$ cares? Play Ball to win, not just so you can say you moved to Brooklyn. This is not a fashion show borough like Manhattan. We are Str8 up rough &amp; rugged. Message to AVERY......So step up or get to steppin!
marquies27::You guys just got a team and are already cryin the blues?!?!....LOL....have something to build on first before you start complaining...
caseygreer2::you've been waiting for a long time? You got the team two months ago. Lol, you sound just as entitled as knicks fans.....
Ontario925::Whenever the Lakers lose it's an OK day in the NBA. It's not a perfect day for the NBA but it is still an OK day in the NBA.
lmr0329::if you can call what the lakers against the bobcats "winning"
UJ801::well they won tonight sooo..
mdtuzo::Haters here every night.... Can't you guys something better to do?
MormonBlackhawkMech::I can finish my stairs, but I like this better. (Sarcasm)
Ontario925::All those West Conference teams from 1 to 9 are tough. The East Conference still is a lot easier.
MormonBlackhawkMech::Western conference is always tough
Mets2410::1st half: Nets-57 Jazz-44 2nd half: Jazz-48 Nets-33 (-24 point differential for Nets between 1st and 2nd halves) 2nd quarter: Nets-33 points 2nd half: Nets-33 points  18 of 24 games Nets have had a double-digit lead, managed to later trail in 7 of those games and lose 6 of them. And let's not forget getting outscored by the Bulls 12-2 in the last 6 minutes of Saturday's game with a 6 point lead (until Deron hit a buzzer-beater 3 to be outscored 12-5 in the last 6 minutes and lose by 1)! But hey, at least they're not the Lakers!
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Wow....Look at you guys living the highlife,Still p!ssed about that game phuq yall...jk good game.Al J in a Spurs jersey.
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::LOL ya just got owned. Heading to the Fakers board. Peace!
sfy2004::where exactly did this "ownage" happen? certainly not on this board.
KnixTix::So did the Celtics.
atom_UP::LOL! Bobcats whoopin Lakers, woooow.....
KnixTix::This is getting crazy!!!
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::If you a Jets Mets and Nets fan you gotta be on meds right? LOL
sfy2004::drink that kool aid
sfy2004::so how did the celtics do tonight?   oh, lost to chicago. guess thats why you are here instead of there...right?
KnixTix::CelticsGreenPPKGRR - Is it Feb yet? Oh that's right this is the C's extended preseason. The C's are playing 70% effort trying to keep guys fresh while your scrub teams go all out to stay above 500. See the difference? ------ Stop smoking crack!
jaydubespn::^That's one possibility.   Either you can compare the two teams at the end of the season, in which case shut up for now, or you can compare them now, in which case you should probably shut up because you're worse.  You do NOT get to compare a current Nets team with an imaginary successful Celtics team.
Mets2410::lol man you're pathetic just get outta here
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::Is it Feb yet? Oh that's right this is the C's extended preseason. The C's are playing 70% effort trying to keep guys fresh while your scrub teams go all out to stay above 500. See the difference?
jaydubespn::Well, at least he has the Red Sox...oh.
Mets2410::I'm sick of Deron Williams playing like a mopey whiny piece of $@%!! Step up your game buddy this is ridiculous can't even hit WIDE OPEN jump shots! Rondo is shooting better jumpers than you are right now....
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Neither does the day old account.
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::=)
jaydubespn::^Lol.  Celtic fan: "you suck!" Everyone else: "well, you're worse." Celtic fan: "yeah but that doesn't count!"  Good one, doesn't make you look like a troll at all.
Mets2410::wow..... just wow.... the arrogance and ignorance....
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::Negro please! The C's don't get going until Feb, get back to me later with your lame record comment LOL
Mets2410::13-11&gt;12-12
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Williams &gt; Williams
Enes Kanter owns Dwight Howard::I disagree
mdtuzo::Wow... Another blown lead after a second half collapse. This story is becoming very familiar.
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::=)
atom_UP::You guys do realize the Nets still need some time to build chemistry right? Heat needed that time, Knicks needed it and now Nets need it. Not to mention, Nets aren't 100% healthy right now. This is all coming from a Knicks fan. Should be another great game tomorrow....
atom_UP::All I'm saying is give them a full season before judging them. But I can relate to the frustration and impatience, trust me....
BBallFanGal::So your 100 Mil roster is supposed to be doing better than last year right ?  That is the least they can do..isn't it ?  100 Mill Dollars and is this the benchmark you want to use ?  Nets are going to suck for the next 5 years in mediocrity
sfy2004::d-will will NEVER be healthy. he always has some injury that is "keeping him from playing like he did in Utah".......thank god we got rid of his $@%. d-will is starbury 2.0, and that is not a good thing.
atom_UP::Well, if you're a Nets fan the team is doing way better than last season. In the "weak" east they should make the playoffs. And I honestly think they can only get better. DWill and Lopez aren't 100% healthy right now. But I can't speak for the Nets fans. From my perspective though, they've got a lot to like vs. last years team.
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::*crickets* LOL
jaydubespn::I'm a Jazz fan too, and I like Wallace and Joe Johnson (and yes, JJ is badly overpaid).  Their bench isn't bad either.
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::What do you like exactly bruh?
mikeisildur::I dunno most of the trash talking is coming from a single Celtics fan with nothing better to do.  As a Jazz fan I like the Nets.
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::ESPN rated D Will top ten right? Kobe, Durant, Lebron, Melo, Paul, Griffin, Howard, Pierce, Rondo, Aldridge, Lopez, Rose, Westrbook, Nowitzki, Harden, Love, Irving, Holiday, and Parker are all better. D Will isn't even the best player on his team LOL
fuzzjar::booyah.  jefferson for noah.  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine
olwildcory723::Am I supposed to add the trade guys myself? haha post the trade link, Fuzzbrain
GMEN07_11::N-E-T-S M-E-T-S J-E-T-S all suck
Mets2410::Before the season: "Let's get Dwight Howard here in BK!" - Deron Williams Now: "Too bad we can't swap Deron and Chris Paul" - Brook Lopez
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::LOL woooooooooorrrrrrrrdddddd!!!!!!!!!
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::How you have the second highest payroll and the team sucks? You would think the second highest payroll would be good for 50 wins and at least a few playoff wins. LOL
BBallFanGal::Any team that takes JJ's contract is bound to end up in trash can...so did Nets and Deron
BBallFanGal::I said this in the off season itself...This is 100 Million dollar TRASH roster and somehow Nets also ended up with a 1 Billion dollar rusted crap as stadium.
mdtuzo::Clearly you're mad, why don't you log off and go to sleep.
atom_UP::Celtics fans shouldn't be talking right now...
Mets2410::Nets 2-0 vs Celtics this year. Also I don't think 13-11, which is better than the Celtics record, qualifies as sucking.
Odia7674::nets should trade for jason maxiell
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::The Nets should trade for a new pg, sg, pf and get a new coach. LOL
Odia7674::al jefferson or brook lopez or tyson chandler
Count Dauntez::brook
1sportslove12::Jefferson and Lopez are basically the same player, all offense no defense and chandler is the exact opposite of both.
Mets2410::Except Lopez blocks shots and has actually become pretty decent on defense this year.
jaydubespn::Except Jefferson rebounds.
ut_jazz06::chandler
Odia7674::chandler over lopez anyday
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::Brook Lopez, but the center position is weak son.
fuzzjar::Yes!  Another awesome trade!  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=d2j757e
Odia7674::the knicks are like espn radio while the nets i like  the wfan
Odia7674::t-wolves hawks warriors are way betta then the nets
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::Ya franchise history is like the Tampa Bay Rays though. LOL
mikeisildur::The Rays are less than 20 years old, have a world series appearance, and force either the Red Sox or the Yankees out of the playoffs year after year.  Don't see the parallel here.
Rezo201::First our pg says it's the system and now the Nets are struggling due to lack of execution in the system. Which one is it? If you're going to make excuses at least pick one and stick with it.
CelticsGreenPPKGRR::They just suck bruh. I put on a Nets game and see D Will hitting nothing but rim and them flopping all over the court. Any system looks bad when you can't make shots, duh! Great players don't need a system they score at will. Look at PP, he was great on all kinds of teams. Take notes Brooklyn!
Mets2410::Um if I recall the Nets beat the Celtics twice this season?
razzledazzletj81::Marshon for Jimmer
olwildcory723::Marshon for marshmellows. mmm.
Odia7674::marshon for machado
Porkchop8920::Knicks tomorrow
Odia7674::yea we the kings of ny
Porkchop8920::When did Rezo become suh a hater?
fuzzjar::go jazz.   check out this ridiculous trade i came up with on the trade machine.  totally laughable but fun to mess around with:  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=btv2tp4
fuzzjar::Well, I had to get some more money out of the Cavs, and I thought who better than Miles :)
Never Trust A Man Who Sleeps In A Hat::Was CJ to the Lakers deliberate? I hope so lol
Odia7674::i rather have ricky rubio then d-will
olwildcory723::Ricky Rubio creates by just standing on the court.  -scow79
scow79::Yes, because Rubio doesn't require any movement in the offense or any PnR plays in order to create for other players.
Odia7674::lmaooo @ the nets those dummies actually thought they were a better team then the knicks
Odia7674::the twolves and warriors are better then the nets
MUbobbydigitalFC::You have to say with Shumpert and even a deteriorating Amar'e coming back, the Knicks are the more talented group. They are.
Odia7674::we have a deeper bench and the mvp and dwill has lost intrest in the team and vbrook lopez is more injury prone then carson palmer
Rezo201::To be fair, the talent on both teams is not much different. The problem is the Nets core isn't playing good and the Knicks is.
weoutnyc::Negative, I think the Nets are good, but they do not compare in talent.
