nickm455::The box score is wrong...
LOF HATERS ARE RACIST AND LIVED IN MOMMAS BASEMENT::P&amp;R WAS LIN'S BREAD &amp; BUTTER LAST SEASON.  NOW IT'S JUST MORE OF HAREN'S ISO BALL HERO REPLAYS.  HE'S NO LONGER GETTING FOUL CALLS AND THE LEAGUE IS CATCHING UP TO HIS BALL HERO TECHNIQUES.  ASIDE FROM THAT, THE ROCKETS BIGS ARE TRASH...P&amp;Rs ARE NONEXISTENT AND ISO PLAYS ARE TOO PREDICTABLE! ;)
Dawan208::Rockets will continue on this downward slope until  coaches start  mixing up some plays and quit playing Iso ball with Harden.  I don't see Houston making the playoffs.  Other teams just double team Harden in the paint especially on his left forcing him right where he is ineffective!
Pusha Tonn::WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO :)
MinniWolves90::Can you believe it?!
Jason Stone Lee::Why people blame Lin after lost, he is the 5th option shooter when he is in the court. And he is the 4th PG position, after Harden, TD and Beverly. The reason McHale let him in the court more minutes is stand in the corner as a bait to create open space for Harden isolation.
LOF HATERS ARE RACIST AND LIVED IN MOMMAS BASEMENT::FUNNY HATERS BASH LIN WHEN HE DOESN'T EVEN HANDLE THE BALL 80% OF THE TIME;)
Dawan208::Thankyou!
SteeleKen::you're an idiot..he's the 2nd option and can't shoot to save his life...he is the STARTING PG...stop trying to post as though you've watched NBA longer than LIN has been on the Rockets...(Lin fans - circa July 2012)
ball 5o hard::God stiemsa is terrible.  Chris Johnson played less minutes than stiemsa, out scored him easily, out rebounded him....RELEASE stiemsa and sign johnson.  You need athletic big men to play in this league, johnson would be a great balance with PEK once pek returns from injury.
Leeroy612::Stiemsa brings a lot of defense including blocking shots. He is not supposed to be a scorer but has shown ability to shoot the open 10 footer. I think your assessment of him is off. Also you say we need athletic big man while pek is one of the least athletic players in the nba. He has great touch around the rim and is impossible to move, which gets him great position.
ball 5o hard::dude what? Greg stiemsa brings shot blocking SOMETIMES. He is not a lockdown defender-he has TERRIBLY slow feet.  His offensive game is horrendous,  that's why the wolves guards never respect him in the pick and roll game.  You obviously didn't read what I said...I said Johnson's athleticism would be a great balance to PEK's strength.
here2win08::Trade Kevin Love for James Harden!
Leeroy612::I'd rather have klove all day... Last year you would never have said that.
here2win08::Houston, 10-40 shooting from your 3 main offense weapons not going to win many games.   poor shooting + poor offense = losing
fred3857::Plus poor defense.Opponent can easily score 100+ pts. So Rox will never get a win if the rival let Harden score less than 25 unless Rox can play Lin's game.
nba is the worst::Wow - the 2 new guys took over the 4th Q - NICE!
MinniWolves90::It was unbelievable.
twinsfan205::Congrats on the win Twolves!
Ron Erick::how to stop harden = get out of the way on harden's shot while he try to draw fouls, then rebound his miss shots.
giofls6871::Rockets are among the worst in the league in Assist to Turnover ratio.  And Lin is among the worst of the PGs in assists to turnovers.  He's a great story, but he's a below average NBA PG.  I think he could be an excellent high-energy guard off the bench for somebody, but he's not the PG that's going to propel Houston into the upper echelon.  They are a borderline playoff team, and if they make it they'll be quickly dispatched in the 1st round.
here2win08::@giofls6871, Lin 6 Turnovers a game and they win or Lin 1 Turnver and they lose. Pick your pill! Ha!
contactchingching@yahoo.com::Ya, you make the point, when Harden gets the ball all the time, how Lin can pass it over to his teammates.
here2win08::Apparently you don't watch many Rockets game. Lin handles less than 20 percent of the offense plays. How are you going to get assists when you're a spectator on the court while Harden handles the point duty?   Houston's big men are a joke. Can't finish at the rim when a nice pass comes their way.
LOF HATERS ARE RACIST AND LIVED IN MOMMAS BASEMENT::LIN IS 12TH WHILE HAREN IS 2ND IN TURNOVERS IN THE LEAGUE!  IT'S OBVIOUS YOU DON'T READ STATS VERY WELL HUH?  OUCH! ;)
giofls6871::So Lin has all those turnovers and he's not even handling the ball much?  Ouch!
furior44::Congrats to the Minnesota (Flopping) Timberwolves! Felt sorry for the Houston (Can't Shoot) Rockets.
BBandFB60::Mchale keeps playing harden PG so he sould start anderson or TD over lin. Lin needs picks all the time, this is everything on the coach.
brothertin9394::Looks like Mchale wants to be fired and retired with his handsome severance...
contactchingching@yahoo.com::Mchalel is out of his mind right now. Keep letting Harden to play PG so let whole team down. As you say, simplest way to win is PnR for Lin or screen at least. Let everybody back to his own position and make easy shot.
here2win08::Well...Houston got no big man that can play PnR except Greg Smith who can finish at the rim. Asik is too soft.
BBandFB60::Sloan is perfect for the rockets, someone who is knowledgeable on the PnR and lin is very good at it just no one to PnR with.
woodylamb::Mchale is of the old school. I don't think that he is the right coach for the young Rockets. Poor boys are deflated and frustrated. They have nowhere to look for.
NoonGame::" Houston ! we have a problem ! "
brothertin9394::Mchale has successfully proved the point that great player doesn't make great coach...
Tamatoa0963::again
wrex8::Kirilenko - the last man standing... for now.
flag_me_if_you_can::Patrick Beverly &gt; Jeremy Lin
Dawan208::Pat Beverly &gt; &gt;&gt;Felton
Stanley5826::Another ugly ny troll??
PoRtEr_24::I can't believe we won this game
NYRangers_Are_COMING13-14::Is Monday a holiday? Why's all the teams playing early games? Il probablly be sleeping while my knicks are pounding the Nets A.5.5
WeAreMN::Milk day
ALL THE TIMBERWOLVES ARE WHITE::I think the Rockets are going to hit a wall really soon. Before the season I thought this was one of the least talented teams and they had zero frontcourt talent.  Harden proved me wrong and parsons is a pleasant surprise. But all that aside, rockets are gonna hit the wall hard soon. i think...Lol
here2win08::Yeah... Houston always have to outscore opponents to win...it's exciting when they run and the ball is falling but when their players are not shooting well, that means losing.  Poor shooting and poor defense is not a good combo.
NYRangers_Are_COMING13-14::What do you mean by hitting the wall?
NYRangers_Are_COMING13-14::Hahahaha Lin you loser.. You suck so bad!!
woodylamb::Relax. Sweetie. Lin is too much for you.
Stanley5826::U really look like a troll. Typical ugly fu(ked up face.  Do all ny fans look like u. How sad.
sagematic::Just curious...where is all of your rage coming from?
Dawan208::Typical New York  Knick Troll.   They come on this board like a bunch of rats when the rockets lose.
NBA1964::She is a Knicks fan.
NYRangers_Are_COMING13-14::Idk... im not
Swish3And1::Haha you loser, you got no ears left. Messed up real ugly face. lol
NYRangers_Are_COMING13-14::Piece of $@%!
NYRangers_Are_COMING13-14::I bet your ugly
NYRangers_Are_COMING13-14::You dont even know me you little scumb@g  BLEEEEEEEP! Why you attack me for? You love Lin that much? Is he your hubby? Get over it, he isnt even good..
NYRangers_Are_COMING13-14::That was $@%!$@%! mean
lash0022::Dwill is so bad right now, that a guy we signed off the street gets all the 4Q minutes over him...we have about 8 healthy bodies and last years #2 overall pick isn't even on the court to close out a game...so sad. I hope this isn't the end for him, but feels like another Wes Johnson situation...nice guy, great in college, doesn't get it in the pros...
Leeroy612::Wes Johnson never put in the work like DWill does. Wes had a bad attitude. I think DWill is finally starting to figure it out in the pros. He is getting blocked less and less. Defiantly not living up to his college reputation but is improving.
Jason Stone Lee::Rockets problem now is McHale must prove he is right to let Harden to run offence. He said many times from he got Harden till now, he is Harden dead fan, Harden can do everything easily to win the games. McHale sucks! He is out of his mind now, he use Beverly to start second half.
LOF HATERS ARE RACIST AND LIVED IN MOMMAS BASEMENT::GREAT PGs WHO HANDLED THE BALL 80% OF THE TIME ARE PRONE TO TOs IDIOT! ;)
here2win08::Lin is a turnover machine...I think he's doing it to limit Lin's TOs.
NYRangers_Are_COMING13-14::Speak ENGLISH!!!!!
ALL THE TIMBERWOLVES ARE WHITE::HardLin' 8-30 , 0-10 No Pek, Schv, or Luv? No problem. White boys over the black boys by 13.
NYRangers_Are_COMING13-14::Yeah babes!!!!!! im whiter than a dead man and love every minute of it!!!!!!!!
Stanley5826::Go get a room. U two white trash.
Rockets_waiting_for_next_level::The Reason why guys like Chris Johnson can just step into a Wolves team and play like they been doing it all year is because the culture of an Euro team is different..guys are accountable for their production..look wolves, you didnt even need you coach, that should tell you something..you should be proud of your team and disappointed you cant get to t he Finals every year like the Jazz used to do with Malone and stockton.
Rockets_waiting_for_next_level::Rockets on a back 2 back night with bunch of D Leguers with fresh legs.I am concerned about how limited this offense is with McFail..is this McFail even a coach..does he even know how to coach ? .I am concerned about holes in the coaching staff though..like how is Lin allowed to not produce much on a night in nightout basis and still start..put Beverely in the strarting lineup..i dont care how much Lin makes, if you made the mistake to pay him and someone else produces, thats your fault..dont penalize the fans by losing games due to your financial decision to pay Lin 30 millions that he is not worth..right now anyway..Mcfail needs to leave if this thing doesnt fix..
lash0022::I was at the game tonight...Rockets couldn't throw it in the ocean...Lin might be overpaid, but Beverly is a tool...if he doesn't foul out of every game that should be considered a moral victory for him...
NewAges::Patrick Beverley was 0/4 for 17 min ....He is not any better
Jason Stone Lee::Rockets_waiting_for_next_level - he gets in the paint quick..he doesnt have to shoot..we need the penetration and kick out.l.something Lin isnt doing..either lin cant pass worth a $@%!$ or he cant penetrate well or quick enough..beverely  You don't know BB. You are troller You can not say a PG is good when you just saw he run and jump, good PG do everything in purpose.
NewAges::Lin was doing spot shooter all night....Harden was playing PG....Look like you didn't even watch the game...
Rockets_waiting_for_next_level::he gets in the paint quick..he doesnt have to shoot..we need the penetration and kick out.l.something Lin isnt doing..either lin cant pass worth a $@%!$ or he cant penetrate well or quick enough..beverely
Mattd7152::Ridnour played alright D on harden surprisingly. Of course he was shooting terrible, but Luke hung in there. Ridnour used to throw alley oops like crazy here in Seattle. Nice to see someone like Johnson out there to receive the oop pass, adds another dimension to the  wolves game.
MinniWolves90::Wolves are 1.5 games out of a playoff spot. Maybe we can somehow string together a few wins.
MinniWolves90::Transition defense was unusually great tonight too. Great game all around.
Aweiy::Lin and Harden both didnt shoot very well if those guys both make there shots the rockets will win their games
MinniWolves90::Chris Johnson just looked like he 'gets it.' From that first alley-oop, it looked like he and Luke had been playing together for some time. Gelabale looked a little slow at times. Hopefully this can be attributed to him not really knowing his place or role on this team yet.  Not jumping to conclusions with Johnson, but can't wait to see more. Especially what he can do in the post/half-court set.
lyang912::Rockets need to refuel, a game against Bobcats next up is a good start.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::I'm heading out, see you all later Go Wolves!!!
MinniWolves90::Later. Go Wolves!
Minnysota Vikings::Whoever it was that said Johnson reminded them of Anthony Randolph but less stupid was 100% correct. Great to see. I've voiced my opinion plenty on these boards that I wished the Wolves would have kept Randolph.
MinniWolves90::AR and Johnson are both LSU products, as well.
MinniWolves90::That was me. That's exactly what he looked like. I remember AR would go on runs where he kinda took over a game on both ends. When he was engaged, he was a good player.
MinniWolves90::That's what I was thinking earlier. Trade deadline is a little less than a month away, if he can be consistent then that would make one of the other forwards expendable.
Minnysota Vikings::Very true. His versatility on defense combined with AK is gonna really make us a nice defensive team. I'm thinking maybe if he keeps this up Dwill will be traded sooner rather than later? We're kinda in a log jam with Johnson, Cunningham, and Dwill on the team.
ChuckOlajuwon::Harden, playing like a guy who wants to do everything possible to NOT make the All Star team.  He has been nothing but horrible lately.  And Lin, his same ole self, stinks.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Gelabale and Johnson provided a spark of energy. I really liked it. They showed they wanted to be out there, and that they have the talent to be out there. Really impressed me
MinniWolves90::So much fun to watch. I felt so good for Johnson. Rockets went on that run to pull within 4 going into the 4th, and I was thinking 'here we go again' then Johnson and Gelabale absolutely took over. I couldn't believe what I was seeing.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Yeah, they really impressed me. i hope they can do that consistently now
PhilMNAP::Johnson had 15 points on 4 shots. Very nice.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Yeah. His free throw shooting was very good for a big guy too!
Minnysota Vikings::MinniWolves90, that's the thing with Dwill though. He doesn't have much of a basketball I.Q. Because of that, he'll ALWAYS be inconsistent.
MinniWolves90::Yes and zero court vision. He's not progressing in that aspect either. Still forcing shots instead of passing it up. Like I said though, I'm not ready to give up on him yet, at least not for what I've seen we may get in return.
MinniWolves90::That's be great if he could do that. He's a terrible finisher given his athleticism. He's undersized so he is forced to alter his shot sometimes, which makes it a tougher shot. I've also been pleased with his defense lately, if he can hit 3s and play defense it'd be perfect.
Minnysota Vikings::If he can sit out on the perimeter and knock down open 3s, I think he can be a nice contributor, but if he keeps trying to drive and score he'll fail imo
Tyler BarnesMNSports::I love what i saw from Johnson today. I hope he can keep it up!
Rockets_waiting_for_next_level::goodnight!!
Rockets_waiting_for_next_level::you have an euro team..ofcourse he is gonna keep up..you dont live in this country,..you live by different rules, different culture..foreign..unlikeable like SPurs..except you have my tip of the hat still..
MinniWolves90::Me too. Can't wait to see him again.
Rockets_waiting_for_next_level::in case people not understanding my lingo  euro team=foreigner team...like Spurs..
MinniWolves90::Pointless
Rockets_waiting_for_next_level::'congrats to ricky rubio..the kid deserves a win like this after all he has been thru..i like his hair over J Lin J Lin looks poser and dumb harvard community college grade based on his jump shot and decisions as a point guard!!!!!
timberwolveschampionship2012::chuck he controlled the offense today, and the last couple games, he doesnt have to score. However I believe he will improve his shot, because each game he is getting better and moving running and getting his legs under him. And that will eventually lead to an improved shot.
ChuckOlajuwon::Ricky who?  Hes a nothing in the NBA.  Never will be.
Rockets_waiting_for_next_level::now fuc k off already..dont sell out..get a real country..little hoe.
Dawan208::.
Dawan208::I get it.  Your account was made today and you are a troll.  Done talking to a bias troll!    Bye and Good nite!
Jason Stone Lee::Rockets_waiting_for_next_level - thanks for looking me up..account validated..go suck it and fuc k off..  You must be here previously with other screen name.
Dawan208::Flagged.  Guess you will have to make another one tommorow TROLL!!!!!!
Rockets_waiting_for_next_level::thanks for looking me up..account validated..go suck it and fuc k off..
Rockets_waiting_for_next_level::pathetic Wolves, you don't even need your coach..remember Adelman?? in case you forgot...and you can plug in D Leaguers and win.."Euro team"  you should trade for HArden..he does an Euro Step as his only move..hahaha
MinniWolves90::They played their a**es off! It's not like we just put them in a successful system.
Rockets_waiting_for_next_level::ok but theyre foreigners..rubio has been in the US not even a year now..foreigner..hired posers
Minnysota Vikings::What are the odds that Johnson starts next game?
MinniWolves90::Know the coaching staff they'll stick with Cunningham lol
MinniWolves90::He had a solid first half tonight. I'm not ready to give up on him, but he's terribly inconsistent.
Minnysota Vikings::Hopefully not. He's a great energy guy off the bench but not playing starter's minutes. I've COMPLETELY given up on Dwill.
hupirate06::Jerry Sloan? Larry Brown? Avery Johnson? Alvin Gentry? Which should the Rockets replace Mchale with?
Rockets_waiting_for_next_level::A Euro teeam and an Euro coach?  oh wait, they dont need a coach.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::I love hockey!!!
Ron-Burgundy-Stay-Classy-2::I love playoffs time around
Ron-Burgundy-Stay-Classy-2::Lin is a jokeeeee
Rockets_waiting_for_next_level::dude if you decided to do consecutive euro steps tomorrow, you could be as good as harden ..but who wants to do that unless they get paid like harden or even any nba player..pathetic harden...learn to shoot better and Defense..
WeAreMN::The Wild are undefeated
Rockets_waiting_for_next_level::you guys are pathetic talking about The Wild..seriously?? The WIld?? how about the WNBA?? LYnX???  how are the Lynx doing?!?!
WeAreMN::Off season?
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Yessss!
MinniWolves90::Rockets played 1-on-1 (sometimes 2, or 3). Wolves played great team basketball, that was the difference tonight.  Oh yeah, and Chris Johnson.
Rockets_waiting_for_next_level::Lin $ucks..If Lin was realy a harvard leader, he would be able to shoot the ball..and he also wouldnt run around like a chicken with its head cut off and decide on something productive..
5856Rach::That's fair.
Dawan208::Lin is good when he takes game upon himself like last year.  But coaches don't want that ,  that guy is Harden now.  Don't blame Lin.  It's Harden team!!!!!
MinniWolves90::I'm talking about fans not coaches.
Jason Stone Lee::MinniWolves90 - Never Lin's fault when the team is struggling, but he sure does get a lot of praise when they're winning.  Have you heard McHale said anything good thing to Lin even they won a game? He gave all praise to Harden. Coaches said a lot about Lin's defence and benched him in the 4th, but never said any single words to Harden for no defence. Coaches are Harden's pets.
MinniWolves90::I agree, maybe Chris Johnson can have a similar story for us.
Dawan208::Everyone likes the underdog!:). Live with it!
MinniWolves90::Yeah, lot of Lin haters but tons of Lin lovers too.
Dawan208::Have you been on these boards.   He has more hate and blame than all rockets together .   Like he's Lebrone!!!
MinniWolves90::Never Lin's fault when the team is struggling, but he sure does get a lot of praise when they're winning.
