61coolio11::Jazz will get in. the lakers stink and the jazz rock so yeah
Bigpapastring::Jazz are getting in. Memphis is in 5th spot and not going anywhere so they will rest their starters, the rockets on the other hand can move into 6th if they win and GS losses. Plus having the chance to beat the Lakers and make sure they dont get into the playoffs Priceless
kenny gerald32::check your facts before posting
86Vince9::The chances based on random statistics (ie. flip a coin for each game) of each team making the playoffs is: Lakers -75%, Jazz - 25%. Two things are working in LA's favor: 1) They play at home for the season finale, whereas the Jazz are playing in Memphis. 2) Their opponent Houston, isn't as good as the Jazz's (Memphis). At first glance, the preceeding statements may lead you to think Lakers have a 90% chance give or take to secure a playoff berth...  Hold up though ... The Clippers at 4th in the West would need to lose to the Blazers tonight and the Kings tomorrow to give Memphis any hopes to move in the standings. Memphis should be locked into the 5th seed almost a day before the Jazz matchup, in which case they have no reason to even show up for the game. Therefore that UTA@MEM game is likely to be the UTA@Memphis bench while the starters get some rest. Meanwhile, Houston is in a position to move up to 6th (with some help from GSW) or, with a loss to the Lakers, drop to 8th and pit them against OKC in the first round. Houston has a lot to play for in their finale, so they will come out swinging.  Based on this, even though statistically speaking the Jazz are out, I think it's closer to a 50-50 chance here. I could see either team make the playoffs, though I don't see either winning more than 1 against OKC.
giguanarayg::Let it go Utah, Memphis is gonna dominate tomorrow and the Lakers' eighth seed is secure.
ESPN-Insider::Crazy to think the Lakers have the highest paid team in the country at $99,140,731 and the Jazz come in at number 16 with $65,077,841.   Who will come back next year or be signed by Utah? And will Kobe end up retired a Laker or go elsewhere to try to finish off his career. Lot's of questions in the air for both teams at this point
giguanarayg::Kobe will retire a Laker. No doubt by any real basketball fan about that.
njames1023::What does it matter who gets in?  It will be a first round sweep for either team against the Thunder.
davethewave91::If the Lakers win tomorrow, they won't even be playing OKC.  You show your ignorance and invalidate your whole argument.
ESPN-Insider::If the Jazz get in I will definitely be going to both games here in Utah, swept or not. Playoff basketball is the bee knees
2TimingTony::That is dumb... I guess no one should play because the Heat will take it anyway. They did go on a 27 game win streak right?
2TimingTony::Why don't they cancel both games and just let the Lakers play the Jazz again. That would be a better game.
scooter10978::So the Hornets/'Pelicans are much better without Pau and Lamar right, all those great players they got in the trade really worked out in the Lakers favor right, idiot!!!
That Dog Dont Hunt::Hey scooter.. Watch with the idiot talk idiot.  What they got with the trade was a team that was weak enough to qualify for a lot of lottery balls and an extra 1st round draft choice.  The result Anthony Davis and Austin Rivers.  Two young studs that you can build a franchise around. And by the way, Pau was not going to the Hornets in that deal, he was going to Houston, Scola was coming to New Orleans.  But your point didn't escape me.  Yes they would have been a slightly better non-playoff team that would have not contended for a top lottery pick and would have not gotten an extra 1st round pick last season.
2TimingTony::Whoa Scooter all your comments are pretty condescending. Who are you on the other side of your computer?
ZinBayArea::NBA would only have to fix one game that way!
That Dog Dont Hunt::On the contrary, the CP3 deal cancellation goes to show just how fixed the NBA is.  Let's remember, at the time of the nixed deal, The NBA Owned the Hornets.  So they nixed a deal that they felt was not in the best interest of their bottom-line.  Just like a best of 7 series featuring the Lakers is much more valuable than a best of 7 series featuring the Jazz.
njames1023::good hell give it up already the NBA isn't fixed or the Lakers would have got CP3.  Feed the cash cow not the black hole.
ZinBayArea::I predict the Lakers take 114 FTs tomorrow night.
scooter10978::Both of you are drinking the koolaide, lets see if you two are even old enough for that reference.
OUChessclub::Oh, My! a Jim Jones reference...or were you referencing one of the other uses of "drinking the Kool-Aid"? There are indeed a few...years ago I looked it up as I only believed it to be a reference to Jonestown. I found that at parties in the '60s hippies would pass cups of Kool-aid laced with LSD and other psychedelics!
That Dog Dont Hunt::Well the game is tomorrow, and for sure the Lakers will win.  I don't think the refs will have to do anything blatantly obvious.   The Rockets will tank this game and take one for the league.
MRcantholdmedown::"It's time to stroke the mamba" -- Kobe Bryant
jnks10::Utah.... The country is pulling for you just to shut espn up about the Lakers. YOU CAN DO IT!
davethewave91::Well, they can't do it by themselves.  They still need cooperation from the Lakers at home.
irishpotatohead::I don't think the Lakers have a shot against Houston. The Lakers guards are going to get toasted by Lin and Harden
davethewave91::Yeah, cause Harden was oh so great yesterday vs the Suns, right?
davethewave91::Based on their last game, the above statement is correct.  But Blake doesn't have to be better than Harden cause the Lakers frontcourt is light years better than the Rockets.
MRcantholdmedown::You are 100% correct...  Steve Blake &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; James Harden          /s
gordontrue::You have to wonder if Memphis will rest their starters vs Utah.  Their seed is locked in at 5 no matter what. Technically, home court advantage is still on the table (despite being a 5 seed), but its a bit of an outside shot. The Clippers would have to lose to either the Blazers or the Kings and they (the Clippers) have plenty to play for.  What would you do if you where the Grizzlies coach?
kcgarman::Duh, home-court is huge.  I guarantee you 100% they are not resting anyone.  Plus they play an early game and Clips don't play til later.  They will try their hardest to win that game.  I suppose Houston will also rest their starters cause they have no chance of home-court advantage and don't care if they get the 6th, 7th, or 8th seed huh?  Ha!
numb1lakefanespn::utah will not make it
Trois Sprak::Thanks for an intelligent post.  So refreshing.
vicmo25 - vol. 9::Utah needs to win at Memphis and LAL neeeds to lose at Houston in order for them (Jazz) to get into the playoffs
m0neym0::lakers play at home
TommyTouchdown2012::2013 Lakers MVPS= Joey and Dan Crawford, Bennet Salvatore,Dick Bavetta, and Derrick Stafford.
scooter10978::Wow you really think the Lakers got calls this year, are you actually watching any of the games?  They missed about a hundred or so calls on other teams pushing Dwight in the back whenever he jumps.  Last game Pau got clobbered and no calls, review your tapes genius.
Get your foot off the boat::Really?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MhmGyZ7KF0
davethewave91::Joey Crawford is just an absolutely horrible ref.  Watch this one.  He blows the call and does it with more gusto and enthusiasm than any call I've ever seen.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdMMYz0fKpI
gordontrue::- Thunder - Locked in #1  - Spurs - Locked in #2  - Denver - Current #3, Fall to #4 if they lose to Suns AND Clippers beat Blazers and Kings  - Clippers - Current #4, Rise to #3 if they beat Blazers and Kings AND Nuggets lose to Suns. Clinch home court advantage in round 1 with 2 wins or a Memphis loss. Would keep 4 seed, but lose home court advantage to 5 seed with a Memphis win over Utah AND a loss to either Blazers or Kings.  - Memphis - Locked in #5. Could get home court advantage (despite the 5 seed) with a win over Jazz AND a Clipper loss to either the Blazers or the Kings.  - Warriors - Current #6, Fall to #7 with a loss to Blazers AND a Rockets win over Lakers  - Rockets - Current #7, Rise to #6 with win over Lakers AND a Warriors loss to Blazers, Fall to #8 with a loss to Lakers.  - Lakers - Current #8, Rise to #7 with a win over Rockets, Fall to #8 with a loss to Rockets AND a Memphis win over Utah, Fall out of playoffs with a loss to Rockets AND a Utah win over Memphis  - Utah - Currently out of playoffs, Rise to #8 with a win over Grizzles, and a Lakers loss to Rockets
nightbladehunter::Great info thanks for sharing it.
kcgarman::Not great info actually.  Home-court is huge.  I guarantee you 100% Grizzlies are not resting anyone.  Plus they play an early game and Clips don't play til later.  They will try their hardest to win that game to get home-court advantage.  I suppose Houston will also rest their starters cause they have no chance of home-court advantage and don't care if they get the 6th, 7th, or 8th seed huh?  Ha!
utfanatic2007::The Jazz should have a playoff seed wrapped up by now.  Why don't they?  The officiating suddenly has changed these last few games of the year...oddly, it benefits the big market Lakers and is disadvantaging the Jazz. ;) http://www.blazersedge.com/2013/4/13/4219640/Los-Angeles-Lakers-playoffs-refs-referee-free-throws-officiating-conspiracy-nba#comments
scooter10978::Hack a Howard helps raise those numbers, the fact that Kobe "was" driving the basketball to the rim way more than the last couple of years would point to why there is an increase. Stop thinking everything with the Lakers is a conspiracy, nobody does it to the Heat and OKC they just win with talent, right?
utfanatic2007::Hack-a-Howard only raised the numbers for one game somewhat.  It's silly to assume Howard would not have been fouled at all had Hack-a-Howard not been implemented, but even if you subtract his 22 FTA in the GS game, LA still has a 28-16 FTA edge, with Kobe attempting as many FTs as the entire GS team combined.  That also ignores the multitude of other games mentioned in the study.
davethewave91::It's actually quite simple to explain the spike in the Lakers free throw shooting and the dip in the Jazz free throw shooting if you look at it logically.  Of course that guy didn't and apparently neither do you.  The games the "author" is speaking of the Jazz played teams very good in free throw differential including the #2,3,4, and 6 teams in the league in differential.  And they coincided with Mo Williams return to the lineup.  Williams increases the number of outside shots the Jazz take and therefore decreases their ability to draw fouls.  The Lakers played teams with mediocre free throw disparities on the whole and their spike coincided with the first time all year the Lakers had a healthy Howard, Gasol, and Bryant.
utfanatic2007::Completely wrong.  Regardless of the fact that the teams the Lakers played ranked highly in FT differential, the difference in FTA between the Lakers and those teams was higher than would have been expected.  So, the spikes we see are:  Lakers FTA up Jazz FTA down FT differential expected between Lakers and opponents FT differential expected between Jazz and opponents.  Try again.
gordontrue::How is ESPN so blatantly ignoring the fact that a Lakers win puts them in 7th??  Sportscenter this morning they kept saying, "if they win, they get that 8th spot". Then they break down a Lakers-Thunder series.  If the Lakers win, the Lakers are the 7th seed playing the Spurs.  Only way they get 8 is if they lose and the Jazz lose.
86Vince9::to which they will own the tie-breaker and finish is 7th...
dise24::No, if the Lakers win they will have an identical record with Houston
Lakersrock2012::Lakers to lose at home against lousy Rockets team? and for the playoffs? not in your wildest dream Utah fans...go play your music somewhere else cause the Lakers aren't losing that game..
GentleS78::Go Kobeless Lakers!!!!
Snakes222::Stern got what he wanted. No way the refs will let the Rockets beat the Lakers at home with the playoffs on the line.  Congrats Stern.
scooter10978::Ohhh more conspiracies involving the Lakers who would of thought. If you cant beat them(more losing than ever this year, haha) blame the refs, right?
Get your foot off the boat::Who wants to bet Joey Crawford or Dick Bavetta will be officiating the Laker-Houston game?
truthhurtsalot::The Lakers are better off w/o an aged and inefficient Kobe.
davethewave91::Oh yeah.  They were so effective - shooting 35% vs the Spurs.
caferay::If there is a conspiracy to put the Lakers into the playoffs, it is only for the Lakers to serve as league punching bag number 1. Even with Kobe the Lakers were at best a warm up exercise for their first round adversary.
HULK HOGAN DOMINATED HIS SPORT WITHOUT PEDs::Lakers could still very well draw the Spurs in round 1 who dont look all that good right now.  Manu out, Parker just isnt the same.
That Dog Dont Hunt::Parker will be a stud come playoff time.. Parker was horrible vs the Jazz because he was following instructions from his superiors who were following instructions from The Commish.
MerajM3::Out of curiosity, what is a Timberwolf?
Noles-da BestEver::The wolves home &amp; retreat site has always been considered to be in the 'timberline".   Timberline as opposed to open plains or barren rock regions in the mountains.  Thus " Timberwolves"
MinniWolves90::Canis Lupus aka Gray Wolf
I go straight to the comments::<b>OKC just locked in the 1 seed so it really doesn't matter who comes in 8th anymore<b></b></b>
bobcatsnumber1fan::www.clownsong.com
bobcatsnumber1fan::clownsong.com
laythewood777::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MhmGyZ7KF0
laythewood777::Utah will win on Wednesday....if they lose NBA will lose ratings on HOU/LA  NBA IS RIGGED.
scooter10978::STUPID REPLIES
tigertie1::but the lakers will still have to win to get in...
That Dog Dont Hunt::True.. If Jazz win the Lakers MUST win to get into the playoffs.  But no worries.. The Lakers will win.. It's already been arranged.
TebowHater11::false
vincent klorthau::I just hope Kobe retires.
vincent klorthau::yes
Calvin9299::Thx vin. Down to the wire.
vincent klorthau::Yea, I guess. Maybe one day the Jazz will get a superstar who gets calls. Wait, I am just dreaming.
Calvin9299::Houston and LA swap seeds if the Lakers win, and Jazz lose?
vincent klorthau::I see both sides. From a non-Kobe fan standpoint it will a comforting change to watch the officials whom cannot make those blatantly Kobe biased calls anymore.
Calvin9299::Lol, star power right ????
Calvin9299::Hate to see a superstar go out like that, whether your a fan or not.
Calvin9299::@dave the wave If LA beats Houston in the finale, and the Jazz lose, LA and Houston swap seeds ?
Calvin9299::Last couple of weeks I've been saying the 8 is no LA lock. In recent days however, I've leaned in that direction, but the expectations for LA are higher than they are for Utah.   In a sense, the Jazz are playing the final game tiebreaker in check, with house money I guess.  One slip up either way....
Calvin9299::I actually think a healthy SA is much better than LA. The Kobe loss really sinks them .  I don't buy into the new notion that they're better without him in a sense, ball movement and all.  Kobe was the straw that stirred the drink.
davethewave91::The difference is the Jazz are playing a tougher team on the road.  I'd imagine the Lakers are given roughly a 75% chance to win in Vegas.
davethewave91::Normally, I'd agree with you, but the Lakers have been beat up bad every time they've played the Spurs and they won by 5, lost by 3 and lost by 2.  Assuming they beat the Rockets, I can see the Lakers beating the Spurs, but I'd still expect San Antonio to win.  The one matchup problem the Lakers have is at head coach.  Pop will coach circles around D'Antoni in a seven game series.
Calvin9299::I didn't look actually. Is that so? I can't see either team getting past that first round anyway.
Chicago Is The Best Handsdown::Jazz one more time, don't let the Lakers in!!
Calvin9299::The Lakers will take a beating in the media if they don't get in. Can you hear Stephen A. Now ???  He's predicted LA all along but states if they get in, they're one and done.  Can't argue his last point though.  At least the West doesn't sport their 8 seed under .500, a major pet peeve for me.
thuddy34::Yea, even the Wolves would have been in the East playoff picture until the last two weeks of the season..
CharlesBarkleysUndieUndies::thanks davethewave for answering my question earlier
davethewave91::NP
jseawick::Here is an article that demonstrates how the refs have favored the Lakers and hurt the Jazz, which has subsequently hurt the Jazz's playoff hopes.  http://www.blazersedge.com/2013/4/13/4219640/Los-Angeles-Lakers-playoffs-refs-referee-free-throws-officiating-conspiracy-nba
Gator_Rican::Most of these folks look at the box score and complain about the foul count. As I've said before, you have to watch the game in order to see how the matchups are being officiated. You can't just pick up the paper in the morning and come here to post about how many more FT's the Lakers had than their opponent. And if your argument centers around the NBA being rigged, why would you watch it? Why would you be here posting? Why not go make some serious dough betting on games you already know the outcome on...?
melolo12::lol people do you watch the games? or just want to find ways to hate on the lakers. I watch the games. Yes there are calls in favor of lakers sometimes so are for other teams. 1) if the nba was in on it, I guess they told popovich recently to hack howard. 2) if the nba was in on it, they would never call offensive fouls on Howard for almost every game he is in foul trouble. 3) kobe last year didn't drive to the basket as much but before his injury he made an effort to do so. 4)Howard has always drawn fouls on opponents since Orlando days (i guess nba wanted orlando to win then) 5)if your team constantly shoots jumpers over 20 3-pt fga a game, you will not get calls 6) Utah jazz doesn't attach the basket as much as lakers do, heat do etc...
jseawick::http://oi46.tinypic.com/2n22qnr.jpg  here’s a plot of the fitted values that drives the point home. Yellow dots are the FTA for the Lakers, purple line is the predicted values given the model. Blue dots are the FTA for the Jazz, blue line is the predicted values given the model. Note the striking divergence that occurs at game 70.
jseawick::Yes it is true that refs miss calls, but as seen in the videos before there was an extreme multitude of bad calls that all benefited the lakers in those games.    Also you say that Pau coming back from injury would lead to an increase in FT's.  When the entire Laker team was healthy they averaged a positive 8.5 differential per game.  Throughout the season they averaged an 8.4 differential.  I just don't see how that number could suddenly balloon up to 13.5 with 10 games remaining, while the Jazz suddenly dropped from a -1ft differential to a -4.7 differential in that same span of ten games
davethewave91::And I put it in the wrong spot:  I hate when people make me do this, but you did. The Lakers in those 10 games played 4 teams in the upper half of FT disparity (2 of which were LAC and MEM at 15 and 14) whereas the Jazz played 6 teams in the upper half of FT disparity including 2, 3, 4, and 6. The Jazz also changed their rotation and hence their shot selection and skewed more outside. The Lakers got healthy with their guys that shoot and attacked the rim much more often. It's very simple to explain unless you just want to believe conspiracies
davethewave91::But you see we can both do this all day:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zurH6_hkXBw  Huge point in the game and the refs swallow their whistle.  You can pull all kinds of videos on youtube to support your point - just as I can do.  What does that prove?  That the officiating in the NBA sucks which I acknowledged.  And I don't know any game to be rigged even if you somehow do.  Are you an official?  If so, and you officiated that game, I believe you.  If not, you've got a long way to prove that to me.  I'm not saying Game 2 in 2008 was rigged, but for whatever reason it was officiated poorly - like the Sac game you are talking about.
jseawick::I am not a big conspiracy theorist but it is known that the league has often extended playoff series for ratings and given bigger market teams huge advantages via free-throws i.e. fixing the games (See 2002 WCF Game 6, a game that is known to be rigged).   I do not understand how you can entirely discredit that this is happening, especially after multiple games where the Lakers shot three times as many ft's as their opponents.  Also, calls like this have been made all of the time for the Lakers:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKI1TOPkMeY  How can a ref that is standing right there and looking at his foot not call him out?
davethewave91::The percentages he quotes are ridiculous.  He really needs to either take a math class or learn to use relevant metrics.
davethewave91::This is an even better one:\  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOygTd1NWCM  Not only is he garbage, but for some reason, he'll officiate in the most important games of the year.
davethewave91::This guy's got to go.  He's the worst in the league.  First he makes the wrong call.  Second, he makes an $@% out of himself.  Third, he turns around immediately to see if he can T anyone up.  Joey Crawford is a joke and I'm pretty sure fans of every team can agree on that.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7JC5kNoeRM
jseawick::Here are a couple videos for your consideration, but I understand if you do not believe that this is occurring.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MhmGyZ7KF0    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RghqDTFMNdQ
kerr3773::Anyone else have this feeling of foreboding that the Lakers are going to win against Houston? That it's not going to matter if the Jazz somehow win on the road in Memphis because the Lakers are going to run the table? It's their own dumb fault too because they lost sooo many games that they should have won, always playing to the level of their competition, and forgetting how to play basketball unless they were in the 84111.
davethewave91::I hate when people make me do this, but you did.  The Lakers in those 10 games played  4 teams in the upper half of FT disparity (2 of which were LAC and MEM at 15 and 14) whereas the Jazz played 6 teams in the upper half of FT disparity including 2, 3, 4, and 6.  The Jazz also changed their rotation and hence their shot selection and skewed more outside.  The Lakers got healthy with their guys that shoot and attacked the rim much more often.  It's very simple to explain unless you just want to believe conspiracies.
kerr3773::Wednesday is going to be epic and I'm going to be glued to both the UTA and the LAL games. If UTA wins that will put a lot of pressure on LAL vs HOU. I just hope that Harden is at 100% because they're going to need him against the LAL at Staples Center, with their backs up against the wall.
davethewave91::#8 and 9 teams usually do play to the level of their competition.  The Lakers blew many games they should have won as well.  Houston is going to give it all they have because I'm sure they'd rather play San Antonio instead of OKC.  I doubt they rest their big guns, whereas I'd expect Memphis to rest their guys.  Should be a heck of a last day of the season.
davethewave91::Hmm.  I agree with regards to OKC.  I can't see them winning more than a single game without Kobe, but they could not only win a game vs the Spurs but they COULD win the series.  The Lakers lost to the Spurs by 2 without both PGs and by 3 without any of their 3 bigs in the rotation.  They beat them by 5 without either starting guard.  They still won't have Kobe (obviously), but they will likely get Nash back which is huge.  The Lakers match up very well with the Spurs everywhere except coach.  Pops is the only reason I'd expect the Spurs to beat the Lakers.  He's so much better than D'Antoni it's not funny - but who isn't better than D'Antoni?
kerr3773::I think the Lakers could have won a game or two with Kobe, but now that he's out I don't think they have a chance to win even one game in a series against OKC or SAN. It's not going to matter whether the Jazz or the Lakers make it as the 8th seed because unfortunately for fans, they're both probably getting swept.
jseawick::The Jazz have no shot at the playoffs.  Technically they do but that is before you factor in David Stern
kerr3773::Thanks, I'll have a read.
jseawick::davethewave91  I do not have a horse in this race.  I suggest you read the article before you make speculations
jseawick::No, my team is the warriors who are already in the playoffs.  I saw what happened when we played Utah (they got no calls but still outplayed us and won) and against the Lakers (we were clearly dominant but the refs gave them every call and they won).  After I saw those games I looked into it a bit more and I am convinced something is up based off of what I saw and then other statistics that backed up what I noticed as well.
davethewave91::You sure seem to care a lot about this for someone without a horse in the race.  I'm pretty sure your horse is either Houston, Utah, or Laker hating.  Just a guess.
kerr3773::David Stern? Meaning the refs are going to be ordered to fix the game? Lakers in the playoffs does mean a lot more $$$ for the NBA but I like to believe that the refs are honest and the league isn't crooked.
davethewave91::Don't get me wrong, my team has been on the opposite side of the FT disparity thing too and it's no fun.  Hell, the Lakers might have passed Boston in Championships, if it weren't for this gem:  http://espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=280608002  Almost 4-1 FT advantage for Boston.  Powe shoots more FTs in half a game than the whole Lakers team does.  It sucks when your team doesn't get the calls, but trust me it runs both ways.  A few weeks ago, Kobe got fouled on a last second shot (and hurt his ankle), but no foul was called.  Lakers lost by 2.  A couple games later, Kobe fouls Rubio shooting a potential game tying 3 and it's not called.  That one evened out (although if both fouls were called, it would have been slightly better for the Lakers since a better free thrower would have only had to make 2 FT).  You'd like to hope that's always the case, but I'm sure it's not always.
davethewave91::If you watched that game, you'd also note that the Warriors were extremely physical and Laker defenders were never close enough to Warrior players to foul them.
jseawick::Those videos represented multiple game.  And the Warrior game was not just any game, if the Lakers had lost they would currently be out of the Playoffs.  To shoot 50 fts in a game compared to 16 for the other team when points in the paint were the same and the lakers were out rebounded 15-3 offensively makes no sense. If you watched that particular game you would also know the Warriors did not use the "hack-a-howard" strategy
davethewave91::Seawick,   Don't you think for any game on any night you can make videos like that?  For either team!  The officiating is excruciatingly bad and inconsistent in the NBA but to claim there's blatant favortism going on is like saying Bush had the planes crash into the World Trade Center.
jseawick::Here are a couple videos for your consideration, but I understand if you do not believe that this is occurring.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MhmGyZ7KF0  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RghqDTFMNdQ
davethewave91::I skimmed it.  Same silly stuff.  The increase in Lakers free throws coincides with the first time all year the Lakers had a healthy Kobe (until the last seconds of the last game), Pau, and Howard.  The Lakers are a tough team to defend when they have all their guys.  It's really not shocking.  And the intentional fouling of Howard has been more prevalent the last couple weeks than since mid-season.  Hell, San Antonio used the tactic in the 3rd quarter!  Golden State used it with a lead!  A lot of Utah's decrease in FT attempts is due to more outside shooting.  Mo Williams has been taking jumpers (which he's good at) since he's been healthy.  And there have been other changes in the Jazz rotation that affect the ability to draw free throws.  I don't see a grand conspiracy from the same league that vetoed a perfectly fair trade the Lakers made.
davethewave91::Yeah, I think he thinks the same guy that screwed the Lakers out of Chris Paul is going to somehow make sure the Lakers minus their poster child are in the playoffs.  It's a way of allowing him to feel like his team was screwed instead of his team losing or his team making the playoff despite having to go against the wishes of the league.
jseawick::Here is an article you might find interesting.   http://www.blazersedge.com/2013/4/13/4219640/Los-Angeles-Lakers-playoffs-refs-referee-free-throws-officiating-conspiracy-nba  What the league is doing is trying to get the bigger market team into the playoff.  This has been going on for weeks as the Lakers have won many games they should have lost.
vincent klorthau::I am kind of hoping that the Jazz do not get in. I do not want to watch another Jazz sweep in the first round. I would rather watch the Lakers get swept by OKC in the first round then the Jazz can get a lottery pick.
kerr3773::Doesn't MEM still have to play to try and rap up the 5th seed and homecourt in the first round? They've still got GSW to deal with
davethewave91::You are right.  I thought that was all sorted out, but I guess there's a lot of the West still unsettled.
davethewave91::Well, unless the Jazz and Lakers both lose, you will most likely see the Lakers playing San Antonio.  I don't see the Jazz losing to Memphis since I'm assuming Memphis rests their stars.  So the Lakers have to win.  If they do, they get San Antonio who's a much, much better matchup for them than the Thunder.
kerr3773::The Jazz need a PG but picking that late in the draft they won't be able to get anyone good. You could argue that they could trade up but no teams been willing to trade into the top 8 for a couple of years and it's less likely with the new CBA. I want the Jazz to make the playoffs and for the Core 4 (minus Kanter I guess) to get some more playoff experience.
CharlesBarkleysUndieUndies::Hey if the Lakers beat Houston on Wednesday would they jump to the 7 spot? Would they own the tiebreaker with Houston?
davethewave91::Yes, the Lakers would win the 7th spot with a victory and a much better matchup vs San Antonio.
CharlesBarkleysUndieUndies::Am I "desperate"? No... no Laker fan is ever desperate so calm down there bud
CharlesBarkleysUndieUndies::uhhh it was a question dude
Benefits Of The Truth::Yes if Lakers win then it will be Lakers 7th, Houston 8th. If Lakers lose &amp; Jazz lose then its Lakers 8th
thunderupman::wow sounds like a desperate laker fan lol.  trying to clinch to 8th seed?? hahahahaha
thunderupman::I play naked..... do you even lift bro?
FlimFlamDuck::RootForWinners- Why havent you sent me a message
TecmoTrojan::He is trying to find the 'any' key.
thunderupman::I guessing the lakers are going to win it all this year     says only laker fans
RootForWinners::WHO ELSE IS MARRIED????
FlimFlamDuck::nope but check your pm if you still want to talk sports
vincent klorthau::Who thinks that Corbin sucks?
kerr3773::I don't mind giving Corbin a chance to prove himself for a couple of years, I worry that the Jazz owners are going to stick with him forever even if he sucks and the Jazz lose because that's what LHM did with Sloan. Sloan was a HOF'er and got the best out of his players, motivated them, and they always played hard. Corbin seems to lose games for the Jazz sometimes with his rotations and doesn't play the young guys enough for their development and instead plays guys who are going to leave next year anyway.
TecmoTrojan::oh...and jerry sloan
FlimFlamDuck::this is boring
TecmoTrojan::A coach in Utah needs to be delightsome...im not sure the jazz feel that way about this guy
vincent klorthau::What is it going to take besides the threat of playoff elimination to motivate this Jazz team?
TecmoTrojan::not corbin
vincent klorthau::How come none of you are mentioning the Jazz @ TWolves game?
FlimFlamDuck::because that is boring
vincent klorthau::Yea, agreed.
RootForWinners::Is there anyone who uses ancient Yahoo messenger that wants to talk/debate sports with another person just looking to do the same?
TecmoTrojan::dude just get a free text/voip account...available at only from a hundred different apps...and talk to each other the way normal people talk.
FlimFlamDuck::i dont want to
TecmoTrojan::Old people...clueless.
TecmoTrojan::Why don't you guys use ICQ
FlimFlamDuck::i usually use facebook and twitter but i dont like giving my account to strangers
TecmoTrojan::as opposed to yahoo messengers...you old crusty, molding dingleberries...lmfao
RootForWinners::Because no one uses ICQ???
TecmoTrojan::how old are you flimflam
FlimFlamDuck::stranger danger
TecmoTrojan::what...you think I respond to old pervs like you.
FlimFlamDuck::how old are you? 12?
FlimFlamDuck::both actually
TecmoTrojan::Hey...when you were little, did they electricity...or the sun?
FlimFlamDuck::20. i was born in 92
TecmoTrojan::200?
FlimFlamDuck::20
FlimFlamDuck::why cant you just talk about it on here
TecmoTrojan::rofl
TecmoTrojan::RootForWinners - You laughing? You need to be exposed to something that's actually funny.  you know thats a felony right? I am sorry for you though.
FlimFlamDuck::i sent my yahoo thing in a pm to you
RootForWinners::You laughing? You need to be exposed to something that's actually funny.
TecmoTrojan::panties in a bunch...check one step closer to infarction...check making me laugh in the process....priceless
RootForWinners::Nice reply from a moron who wouldn't dare talk to someone one-on-one about sports because they might be EXPOSED AS A TROLL IDIOT. You need banned for good. I mean, life should ban you. Liking your own comment is really stupid, BTW.
TecmoTrojan::I wonder if Durant will cry again this year or maybe its another teammate's turn. Serge?
TecmoTrojan::Championships....something most players dont have
thunderupman::DOES IT MATTER? PASSION BABY PASSION. SOMETHING MOST TEAMS DONT HAVE!!!!!
thunderupman::YOU WILL KNOW ME AS GENERAL ZOD, BEFORE THIS NIGHT IS THREW
thunderupman::I ACCEPT MY ROLL AS A TROLL.
thunderupman::I LIVED IN THE MCKIE, SNOW IVERSON, MUTUMBO DAYS. I STILL HATED THE SIXERS!!!!. CRAP CRAP CRAP. GOT TIRED OF IT FAST. I ALSO MOVED TO OKC 7 YEARS AGO BEFORE THE THUNDER, AND FELL I LOVE WITH THE PROGRAM
