Robdee999::.
mickael14::Are the Bulls using the same athetics staff as the Bears?  Based on injuries, it looks like it !
Kobes_been_bricking_since_96::Proud of the way this Bulls team played this year. It was tough to watch some times but they never stopped working and gave it their all
parafal::IF the bulls can actually get healthy and stay healthy... but that is a big IF
Art2636::Nets still have no chemistry. Not tough enough against bulls. Bulls in 5.
KUForever88::Jimmy Butler!!! Is awesome!
Pat Riley.::brooklyn is good and indiana is better, but id rather have the bulls play brooklyn first round
Sportaddition1314::Bulls vs Indian wouldn't have been a better series. Although I'm sure the Pacers are breathing a sigh of relief  for getting an easier first round vs the Hawks.
Sportaddition1314::Typo...Bulls vs Indiana
Jaguarcrazyboy::Bulls get the 5th seed.  Rather see CHI start vs BRK and have some energy left over for the Heat series.
Then He Made Us Pancakes.... Pancakes.::Its time for Boozer to show up in the playoffs. "HEYYY". I kinda wish someone else would show up in the playoffs, too.
Pepsolman::He'll be ready when he's ready. That could be anyday now.
Then He Made Us Pancakes.... Pancakes.::Not counting on it.
Sportaddition1314::Not gonna happen.
This_Guy1::Why do Hawls fans keep coming here after we held them down to 58 points?
This_Guy1::I know we can beat the Nets. Go Bulls!
Calvin9299::It'll be interesting now to see whether Rose is " ready " yet.  The truth is, Chicago is by no means a lock in the first round. Not without Rose.   Completely healthy, I'd give Chicago the advantage, but now... this could be pretty close.
DougFreshESPN::Thank God this season is over.  Bright future for the Bullets, but this season was horrible.  Here's to a healthy offseason and Top 5 pick...c'mon, ping-pong balls, you got this.
Laoboyfresh::D rose is fragile.he healthy already.come on now
Sportaddition1314::You're an idiot, not a doctor. Get over it and accept the fact that he's not coming back this season. You have no idea how his body feels and there's no way that the Bulls can make the Finals even with Rose on the floor.
Pepsolman::I say the same thing about you. You aren't a Dr. either and you don't know what information is being hidden from us.
-66666666666clippers-own-m3mphis::drose is soft -cp3
malkit32::f derrick rose right now i hope this team surprises in the playoffs and makes him feel like a goof for not comign back.. im starting to think what his brother said is really what he is thinking..
LABEL ME A GEORGIA BOY::@midway monster I am a Hawks fan, and your comment is funny, especially coming from a Bulls fan. While we may be one of the most inconsistent teams in the playoffs, to say the most boring is hilarious Josh Smith is still one the best dunkers. He along with Al Horford are one of the most athletic front courts. Teague and Harris are two of the quicker guards...we like to get up and down and we shoot a lot of threes. While we may not be a better team I'm sure we are more fun to watch than the defense oriented teams like the Bulls, Pacers, Grizz, etc.
Mighty KNICKS of New York::I agree, bulls are boring but yes the Hawks are trash as far as actually winning
Uncle Rico Time::Carlos has been the healthiest player for the past two years now.  That's no bueno.
cyborgi312::Jimmy Butler is gonna guard and shut down Deron Williams
Roberto201204::hell ya, if he can get down on kobie williams is no prob
hawaiianprince12::He's not coming back folks!
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>Hes NEVER coming back! Hes TERRIFIED of the Heat as is the WHOLE NBA!</b>
cyborgi312::how is he terrified when Jimmy Butler shuts him down ? dont get  it
mccoywajmu::Thats fine..i will lose no sleep...i get him for another decade and im good with that...as for now..i will root for the team thats on the floor...Go Bulls!
xllChiTownSportsllx::Wouldn't he have declared himself out though? It may just be because I'm an optimistic person that I still think he may come back.
xllChiTownSportsllx::Its been reported a superstar PF wants to join the Bulls. Who is it!? ---- I would assume it is Kevin Love, because him and Rose workout together during the offseason.
mda1493::I hope it's Love (if healthy) cause Boozer is a flake.
Flying Through Madison Street::I keep hearing this where is the source?? where are you hearing this info from??
JayCutlerMVP2009::I wish Rose would man up and come back. The Bulls always play Miami hard. There is a chance.
Flying Through Madison Street::Hopefully friday they announce that he will be back
xllChiTownSportsllx::Optimistically it seems like he wants to come back the same place he left off at; the first playoff game. With all honesty though I don't think he's coming back at all.
paul3d::"Brooklyn scares me!"  - No one
xllChiTownSportsllx::It wasn't playing Brooklyn in the first round that everyone was trying to avoid. It was the chance to play Miami in the ECF.
gerardmoney::is rose playing in first round
Flying Through Madison Street::...... ? ........ ?  That is the best answer you will get to that ? today
Bumslayer86::Noah really concerns me.. he looked bad tonight
hofmvp::Haha anyone just get that text from espn
Flying Through Madison Street::You have espn's number wow
Flying Through Madison Street::Lol no and I was joking but what do you get texts when something important happens in sports?
hofmvp::you dont?
The_JTrain_3000::They should make a coool ranch one
Flying Through Madison Street::I was just tweeting that
surfzone365::I just want to see a bench clearing brawl at some point in the playoffs!!  Now that would be great! :)
ron953::You probably won't see that in a Miami game because they are soft
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>Nets Win in 5! BANK IT!</b>
Bumslayer86::Oh c'mon really? i hate the Heat with my whole being but they're gonna destroy Milwaukee.. if u think otherwise than that's your opinion
Jordan8w::no im talkin real life. call me ret.arted or delusional but miami aint winnin the championship this year. bank that
Jordan8w::and im sayin the heat arent just gonna sweep the first round. anything can happen. no need for the meaningless name calling either
Bumslayer86::I'm siding with the Bulls idiot.. and i'm saying miami will roll in the 1st round it's the truth .. are u crazy?
geeman217::Do you ever get tired of trolling???  OH wait...  YOU DID go missing a few weeks ago :)
Jordan8w::bucks win in 4
Jordan8w::Bumslayer86 - Oh Bank IT!!! shut up moron  how bout siding with fans of your team and not with trolling heat fans. you're the moron
Bumslayer86::Oh Bank IT!!! shut up moron
FeFyeFoeRun::On play-station maybe!
ron953::Bulls have one of the best overall records against the east playoff teams with only a losing record to Indiana but have one of the worst records against the west playoff teams at 3-13 and 6 teams were 2-0 against them and the bulls were 2-0 against the Warriors and 1-1 against the lakers so hopefully if they make the championship game they face the Warriors lol
Flying Through Madison Street::Lets go bucks
Bumslayer86::dude is gonna have to score 60 a game and jennings 40 just to have a chance
geeman217::I don't care.  Stretch Bron and Wade out.  Don't let them clinch early or be allowed to sit in blow-outs
Flying Through Madison Street::Early in the season monta ellis said that he is as good as a player as wade now is the time to prove it
Bumslayer86::Lol.. yea right .. miami should just be given a bye
geeman217::1-thing about the playoffs, teams don't just lie down...  Bucks will compete...
The_JTrain_3000::thanks in advance Chicago for tiring out Miami
Jordan8w::^thats what im hopen for
surfzone365::I don't know if they are tired, but I'm sure they are tired of seeing the Bulls...lol
surfzone365::The Bulls are the most physical vs Miami and New York, believe that!
The_JTrain_3000::well I'm sure the bulls will make it to round 2.... and will try to beat up Miamias much as possible
surfzone365::Right now the only Hawks I care about are the ones that play at the UC and have the best record ;)
Internet Tough Guys Fear Me::Its been reported a superstar PF wants to join the Bulls. Who is it!?
MDuke311::SF Stephen Jackson
Uncle Rico Time::Rambis.
Denis2224::Kevin Love
surfzone365::Charles Barkley
surfzone365::I think ol Chuck is tougher in his old age than some of these paper stars...
Internet Tough Guys Fear Me::I hope so. Can you say, Dynasty!?
LABEL ME A GEORGIA BOY::Hawks Vs. Pacers no superstars, 25th and 26th in attendance our games are going to be on NBA TV
geeman217::Stern tried to get  the(Pacers) the Bulls by giving the Heat 50 free throws Sunday.  he didn't know the Hawks were gonna tank so badly- down the stretch.
midway monster31::No offense to you, but the Hawks have to the most boring team in the playoffs. At least you guys have the Braves and Falcons.
midway monster31::Ah my bad, the name threw me off.
Jordan8w::hes a bulls fan
surfzone365::I think the Hawks "can" give Indy a run for their money.  Not calling an upset, but who knows...
LABEL ME A GEORGIA BOY::I see 6 or 7 games
Jordan8w::what else is new
Internet Tough Guys Fear Me::DROSE coming back!
Jordan8w::hope not. not til next year
surfzone365::If the Bulls play with a sense of urgency and purpose, and not f around or get injured, the Nets are in trouble...if the the Bulls play like they have vs Toronto and  the Wiz, could be ugly...  If the streak-ending Bulls show up, we're in business
geeman217::^^^ REAL Talk^^^
Flying Through Madison Street::Come back rose
Bumslayer86::i don't know why but Brooklyn puts no fear in me that they'll beat the bulls
Flying Through Madison Street::If their offense gets going they are kind of scary
Flying Through Madison Street::geeman217 - You can say that about any team...  lol true
geeman217::You can say that about any team...
geeman217::Same here...  W/O D-Will having  monster games, these games could be routes
Jordan8w::i know right? im really just lookin ahead to (probabaly) miami
geeman217::*not* gonna go this far.  Just want them to win the series...
surfzone365::Because they're the Nets...a franchise we've dominated for many years, except for a few after MJ retired...
Gregor_Moot657180::Draft nba now:  http://tinyurl.com/free-nba-challenge1
midway monster31::Thank God we don't have to play the Pacers.
Cyrus1366::Your crazy, getting the 6 spot would've given us a great $@%! to get to the ECF.  We could beat Indy , it would take 6 or 7 and be a very tough series but we could beat then for sure.   And we own the Knicks.
geeman217::Pacers are lucky to run up aginst the Hawks who play no defense.  BUT- I think they have a bad record playing in ATL.    the1st game of the series is crucial...
geeman217::YOU were worried about the Pacers???
surfzone365::Indiana has long been the "Utah" of the East.  Formidable opponent, but not that exciting
midway monster31::1. It's always a tough game when we play them 2. We sucked against them this year 3. They kind of bore me...
surfzone365::Indiana is good, but theyve dropped off as of late.  We'll see how they do in round 1
Kudafudra::So excuse my ignorance but how does seeding work in the second round? Who plays who?
Kudafudra::Heat rematch. Let's do it. The return!!!
seanie719::Winner of 1vs8 plays winner of 4vs5. Winner of 2vs7 plays winner of 3vs6.
midway monster31::Lowest remaining seed plays the highest remaining seed.
midway monster31::Nevermind, I guess I was wrong.
geeman217::winner of Bulls  vs Nets play-  Heat vs Bucks winner...  winner of Pacer vs Hawks  play winner of NY Knicks vs Celts winner
ron953::Bulls are 7-1 against Brooklyn and NY Knicks all together this season so I believe the Bulls should get by the first round with no problem
surfzone365::Love those bright red jerseys
Kudafudra::I find it weird he doesn't root for Brooklyn..
surfzone365::Nothing like seeing a Bulls game in Madison Square Garden and watching Spike Lee pout ;)
ron953::Isn't that the truth
surfzone365::I think a Brooklyn/Chicago series would be interesting.  Might even replace NewYork/Chicago "rivalry" eventually..lol
geeman217::Jimmy vs. Joe Johnson? Kirk vs. D-Will Noah vs. Lopez  Boozer vs. Evans   hmmmm?-  Interesting
Jordan8w::gerald wallace
geeman217::I should've had Deng vs. Wallace
Kudafudra::hahahahahahahahahah
DBrownDrose::gay?
Jordan8w::gay?
geeman217::Who's Nets SF? EX.- Hawk player?
geeman217::Bulls start playoffs on Saturday
mclean1222::So, a whole year without D-Rose, many games missed by Taj and Noah, and the Bulls win 44 games and get the 5th seed. Hats off toThibs, the best coach in the NBA
Kudafudra::Next year man. we have such a huge cash in karma wise.
DatGuy8921::Speaking of karma the refs were giving it hard to Chicago tonight.  And I'm not going to say no $@%! on that.
DatGuy8921::Imagine if you will, a tale of a team that managed to stay healthy for the entirety of the regular season and the playoffs.  Now picture that team in Chicago.  You may have just entered the Twilight Zone.
Kudafudra::I hope when it's all said and done there will be two big a.s.s. statues of Phil and Thibs in front of the United Center
Jordan8w::45. but whatever
LABEL ME A GEORGIA BOY::Celtics will rise to the occasion and beat the Knicks....and be competitive in the 2nd round and possibly win. Hawks will pull SOMEWHAT of an upset in 7 over the Pacers....then get swept or lose in 5 in the 2nd round.  Its just the Boston and Atlanta way.
geeman217::put down the moonshine...  Celtic will try and beat up Knicks. Knicks will find a way to prevail  Atlanta will start to implode by game 3.  Atlanta will be Atlanta
DatGuy8921::Shoot Atlanta imploded already.
surfzone365::The Knicks are just garbage
LABEL ME A GEORGIA BOY::Taco has a Q Dammit No way the Pacers and Knicks lose 1st round to the Celtics and hawks _______ Celtics still have playoff and championship experience and can play good defense Pacers are just 2-2 against the Hawks this year and were like 3-7 in the previous 10 before that. I dont know how that equates to "no way" hawks and celtics will win lol.
surfzone365::Never know what to expect from Atlanta
DatGuy8921::Expect the arena too be partially empty whenever they play.
geeman217::Celtics have fizzled out in a lot of games late Pacers limped into playoffs Same for Hawks...
Area55andG2::We could say the same for pretty much every team in the east except for the Knicks and the Heat
Area55andG2::Hawks were never considered a threat after the Lou Williams injury.
Area55andG2::they also have an unmotivated Josh Smith.
Taco has a Q Dammit::It wont happen though
