Le-Goat::I cant think of anything to say so..........................YAWN.     Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
IlliniDave68::So, you admit bandwagon Heat fans are idiots.  It's a start.
IlliniDave68::All the time, man. You just don't know how much!
Le-Goat::YAWN.     Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
ttecza::Something tells me, Gogoberry, Le-Goat and 29thrasher are all the same guy or gal. All 3 show up for the same conversation 3hrs apart. Hmmm?
29thrasher::*bored
29thrasher::naw man Im a proud bulls fan.. I only get on this stupid board cuz im at work and board.
IlliniDave68::Yikes! They may not pull out of this nose dive they're in until the game at Columbus! I knew this 9 game trip was gonna be tough but LIKE THIS?!!! Never.
ttecza::Alright, Dave. Cheers!
IlliniDave68::Yeah. I can't remember another trip this long, either. Boys are due for a nice, long home stand SOON! Hopefully, it'll help them right the ship for the stretch run!  Gotta run. Church in the morning. Stay warm and have a good night, sir!
ttecza::The first 9 game road trip I can remember. I didn't think it would be this bad either. They are looking flat. You pretty much covered their failings thru the slump.
IlliniDave68::What's happening, Tony? These Heat trolls are quite pathetic aren't they? They post here more than they do on their own convo.
ttecza::Preds and Rangers next. 2 tough teams to snap out of it against.
IlliniDave68::Yeah. That's the question on every Chi fan's lips regarding the Hawks. Their defense has been suspect all season but seems to have gotten much worse lately. Turnovers leading to odd man rushes and a LOT of hanging the goalie out to dry. With the exception of tonight's game, they've been scoring enough to win but can't seem to stop the other team from scoring. Their PP has gotten anemic, again, too.  Glad Chi didn't get too much! I know you're happy to be home.
ttecza::A bit cold but the storm went lake-effect. NW, IN got the hardest hit.  Watched the Hawks earlier. WTF?
IlliniDave68::Winter weather and all? It's NASTY up there right now.
ttecza::Moved back to Illinois recently. I tell ya, its good to be back home.
IlliniDave68::Two serious fools and I've been pretty good, thanks. You?
ttecza::Hey, Dave! Doin just fine, my friend. Looks like we got a serious fool on here today. How have you been?
Le-Goat::?
Le-Goat::I know gooberry, IlliniDave has the mentality of a troll.  He never posts statistics or anything significant.  I mean, "(SNIFF SNIFF)    I smell s.hit!    Wait. Never mind.    It's just that new Heat fan smell."  Dave is the Heatster of the Bulls
IlliniDave68::Truth hurts, I see.
IlliniDave68::(SNIFF SNIFF)  I smell s.hit!  Wait. Never mind.  It's just that new Heat fan smell.
Gogoberrymix6::emotion^
IlliniDave68::You're damn right! I'm tired of your dumb a.ss always trying to have it one way and ignoring whatever you find inconvenient.
IlliniDave68::For the record Gogoberry, you sublime idiot, I was BORN in the Chicago area and later MOVED to Atlanta, GA. Been a proud Bulls fan since I first started watching sports.  I already informed your dumb a.ss of that once.  That goes for your dumb a.ss, too, Le-Goat.  Unlike you two idiots, who just parrot each other's rampant stupidity, I actually try to talk hoops and use links to back up what I say. You idiots just recycle the same tired, craptastic opinions or arguments over and over again.
Gogoberrymix6::Actually most of your posts are emotion based.  I may be redundant but I post statistics and facts.  You know this
IlliniDave68::You guys always want to bash the Bulls but never admit or discuss your own team's deficiencies.  Why is that?
Gogoberrymix6::IlliniDave68......proud Bulls bandwagoner from Atlanta, Georgia.  Classic :)
29thrasher::no backbone!!!!!!!!!!!!
29thrasher::Im getting of work in 4 min so you do what you do and post meaningless comments that have backbone.. Im gonna go drink some beer!!!
29thrasher::also you pointed out the fact that IlliniDave68 is from GA and assume hes a bandwagon. how do you know if he has parents from Chicago and has always been a bulls fan..  Btw my wife is from chicago and we now live 80 miles south of the city and let me tell you, bulls fan are some of the most die hard fans I have ever met. Im sorry the heat cant say the same.
29thrasher::Go ahead dingle berry and do your research....
29thrasher::At 6 years old I didnt know what the hell bandwagoner ment!!!! Dont feel bad cuz the bulls have the 2nd most valuable franchise in the NBA..
Gogoberrymix6::cool? lol
29thrasher::So your saying I have to like the team from my home state or im a bandwagoner? thats the dumbest thing ive ever heard... I was 6 years old and didnt come from a basketball family, I choose what team i liked not just cuz it was my home state..
Gogoberrymix6::No I'm saying you started to like the Bulls because they were dominate....liking a team right after they are successful is a bandwagoner and thats what you did sir
Gogoberrymix6::Yes you are a bandwagoner.   You started to root for the Bulls because MJ was so dominate.  That is the definition of a bandwagoner and a Bulls fan
29thrasher::Im from FL and yes MJ made me a fan of Basketball in general. That dosent make me a bandwagoner cuz ive stuck with this team always. I was a fan since I was little. You dont have to like a team cuz your from that state.
Le-Goat::Dude all of their fans are just MJ lovers from around the country.  It's worse than the Heat's situation
IlliniDave68::Bandwagon Heat fans -  Proud since 2010.
IlliniDave68::I love the way these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans point out where they think the Bulls are lacking but when called out on their own team's short-comings, blythely ignore it in favor of their chosen, inane, pedantic ramblings about the Bulls (see Gogoberrymix6 and Le-Goat for examples).
IlliniDave68::Bandwagon Heat fans -    More lame than Tiny Tim Cratchett.  More blind than Helen Keller.  Dumber than Snooki.  Smellier than a dung pile in the hot sun.
IlliniDave68::Bandwagon Heat fans -  Talking s.hit because they're incapable of talking basketball.
Epicki::Yes, the Bulls have a had a pretty weak schedule as of late, but I believe they have played the most away games this season, and they still manage to have the best record in the NBA.
Le-Goat::29 thrasher...the Bulls  haven't beat a winning team in 36 days!  that is a fact.. Sorry to tell ya
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
29thrasher::Well nobody understands tibs.. i dont care to look it all up but I can almost guarantee you that know one played 40 plus minutes except Deng against the bucks. Other than that some of the starters have been playing less than 30. If you watched last night It was the bench and a 3rd string pt g most of the 4th.
29thrasher::Heres my point. The bulls are a great team!!!!! A team win hitting on all cylinders with all starters and bench healthy are a tough team for any team in the NBA to beat.. Regardless of what sos says are who they have lost to. With that said any bulls fan who says that there isnt a team out there that could take us out this post season is stupid. 76ers, heat, pacers, hawks, could all take us out. And vise verse, we could take all them out.. Be honest and you would agree on that one.
29thrasher::I mean come on man OKC lost to a team that as only won 5 games all season!!!!! Anygiven night anygiven team could loose or win.
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
Le-Goat::Obviously, I don't know what point  you're making
29thrasher::Let me ask you, just cause there not a winning team does that mean they couldnt beat the bulls?
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
Le-Goat::Well they could, but the Bulls go all out against bad teams for some reason.  Starters play 40+ min.  idk why thibs does this
29thrasher::I never said it wasnt...
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
Le-Goat::good
Le-Goat::like gogoberry said, their record is highly inflated and that isnt debatable
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
Gogoberrymix6::The Bulls are the Boise St of the NBA so far......100% record inflation
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
Gogoberrymix6::ESPN should do a 30 for 30 on the Bulls schedule
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
29thrasher::Thanks for letting me know. I could not find what the hell yall where talking about.
29thrasher::like a said Le goat, hollinger power ranking says our sos is .429.... I dont know where the hell your getting your sos from.
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
Le-Goat::you are going by the the last 10 games.  click on the "SOS" tab buddy not the "SOS (L10)"
29thrasher::the heats sos is .442.
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
Le-Goat::its 4.85...try again
29thrasher::hollinger power ranking says our sos is .429
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
Gogoberrymix6::yes....that is horrendous
29thrasher::good one.. are you still in High school?
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
Gogoberrymix6::No it's actually online.  You gotta look for it
29thrasher::where do you look up the sos?
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
Gogoberrymix6::online
Gogoberrymix6::The Bulls are currently in dead last in SOS.  30 out of 30.
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
29thrasher::So thats your point? All this about sos blah blah, your point is the bulls CANT BEAT WINNING TEAMS? So anything over .500 is a winning team to you right? ok lets see how many teams the bulls beat above .500 from this point on. Everytime we beat one please come on are board and say what your saying now so you can look just like your avatar, STUPID.
29thrasher::This guy dingle berry is all about random comments to try and make the bulls sound $@%!$@, trust me dude everything this guy says has to do with sos or who we have lost to.
ttecza::Teams the Heat have lost to have a winning percentage of .543 Teams the Bulls have lost to have a winning percentage of .623  The Heat lose to shiittier teams.  This stat, destroys your SOS stat, right out of the water. Try again.
IlliniDave68::.
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
ttecza::No. Dummy. It shows that the Heat are more likely to lose to teams with a winning percentage of .543 or higher. But, I wouldn't expect you to understand that.
Le-Goat::Its' funny how the Bulls go all out against these garbage teams but fail every time against the quality teams
Gogoberrymix6::Thanks for proving my point.   The Bulls can't beat the better teams but feast on the bottom dwellers.  That approach should work in the playoffs
Le-Goat::Gogo  Berry owns Bulls fans.  They have no response to  him!!!!
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
29thrasher::Im waiting
29thrasher::your an idoit.. I keep replying but get no answer??
Gogoberrymix6::I think the Bulls will win it all this year.  As long as they happen to play Charlotte, Washington ,Toronto, then New Orleans in the playoffs
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
Le-Goat::I think they could handle Detroit and New Jersey but thats about it
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
Gogoberrymix6::The Bulls are breaking records this year!!!  Not since 1984 has a team only played 5 teams with a winning record in a span of 22 games.  On another matter, the Bulls happened to lose all 5 of those games, interesting...... .
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
29thrasher::come on man lets talk basketball... dont just throw up worthless  comments!!! is that all you got man?? thats how you respond?
29thrasher::Yall love to point out the looses dont you..
29thrasher::Dude your beating a dead horse!!!! I love how you do all this research just to get your point across.. When in reality the bulls are a great team. Weather we lose in the 1st round of the playoffs, second etc..... While your doing your research look up how many times other teams knocked the bulls out of the playoffs b4 they won a championship team.
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
Le-Goat::This is the most worthless paragraph I have ever read.  You could have just written "I like the Bulls and my heart says they are good"
Gogoberrymix6::3 of the 5 losses were by 15+ points.
IlliniDave68::YAWN.    Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
Le-Goat::Also when they lost to Atlanta, the Hawks were on a third night of a back to back to back but they still beat the Bulls by 15+ points
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::You idiots come on here and say the same things 1. Bulls have an easy schedule 2. Heat beat the Bulls in the ECF LAST YEAR! C. Bulls cant beat anybody above .500 F. The Heat are gonna own the Bulls again in the Playoffs.  First off. The Bulls are beating teams on their schedule. They have proved that 23 times. 2. Last year...is exactly that, last year. IV. They have beaten teams over .500. Z. You all just assume they are gonna meet up again in the Playoffs.  Day in and day out you come on here and spat the same bullsh.it. No matter who the Bulls are playing, the Heat fans are here showing their ugly faces (except you gogoberry, Adam Morrison is a handsome young man) It just proves that you know the Bulls can compete with the Heat. If the Heat were worlds ahead of the Bulls...you would not be here. One thing I gathered from last nights game, the Bulls kicked the pi.ss out of a terrible Charlotte team. We get it, you have a bo.ner for your own team, everyone does. Doesnt mean that every game the Bulls have you have to come try and rub it against our cheeks. Fortune tellers, please stop with your predicting (assumptions). Let the season play out and hopefully we can see another great series of basketball between two of the top NBA teams. Both of them failed last year. No championship for either, and dont give me the...we got further. It doesnt matter if you dont win it all. In conclusion, Im gonna go have a fat a.ss steak and enjoy a beer or 14.
harvardandchicagobulls::well said
Jaguarcrazyboy::Crap, I just flagged you by accident. Sorry man.GO BULLS
Geoff211211::Ok ive got 3 things 1) Why the hell are heat fans in here 2) who cares about last year, the heat and the bulls both ended the year without a ring 3) the bulls have not had a full strong and healthy REAL starting lineup since Rip first got injured
Gogoberrymix6::Its been 22 games, 36 days since the Chicago Bulls have beat a winning team.  That's impressive
29thrasher::thanks for the update dingle berry!! But we watch the game and know who we play..
IlliniDave68::YAWN.  Does anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
IlliniDave68::What's up, nubby2424?
Robert156877::It's been 20 month since LeBron said that he was taking his talents to South Beach.  He still hasn't played a single game at South Beach.  That is impressive.
miguel151551::you are a dork!!!!!!!!!!
perrypete::yes but without rose they only have one loss vs above 500 teams!
stthorpe::Didn't I see you picture next to the map with the red dot???
IlliniDave68::Bandwagon Heat fans -  More lame than Tiny Tim Cratchett. More blind than Helen Keller. Dumber than Snooki. Smellier than a dung pile in the hot sun.
IlliniDave68::Bandwagon Heat fans -  More lame than Tiny Tim Cratchett. More blind than Helen Keller. Dumber than Snooki. Smellier than a dung pile in the hot sun.
IlliniDave68::I love the way these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans point out where they think the Bulls are lacking but when called out on their own team's short-comings, blythely ignore it in favor of their chosen, inane, pedantic ramblings about the Bulls.
stthorpe::Ignore it by bringing up the last series in the playoffs against us, but im pretty sure we both ended up in the same spot in the end...without a title, and I am also pretty sure 2012 is a new year.  Let's focus on this moving forward and not the past bandwagoners...
ImYourHuckleberry.::When your top performer is:  Charlotte: B. Biyombo 8 Pts, 10 Reb, 1 Ast, 1 Stl, 1 Blk  You know you have some holes.
carzrcool8769::http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/linsanity-in-full-force.html Linsanity
dizzled2012::Have the Bulls played anyone above 500.  Oh yeah,  the Heat and the pacers.  We know what happened there.  I don't like Boston but I hope KG smacks that $@%!$ look right off of Noah's ugly face.  Go Heat!
perrypete::bulls have a losing record vs above 500 teams with rose!
IlliniDave68::YAWN.  Anyone else feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day whenever one of these idiot, bandwagon Heat fans posts?
dizzled2012::noah will sit out next games b/c of $@%!$@ spasms
mrhandy25::D. Rose - 0 Titles LeQueen - 0 Titles
53Kevin::BULLS-6 TITLES  REFS-1 TITLE for Heat.As I recall the Mavs were robbed out of that 1st title by refs vs heat!
dizzled2012::Heat can't win every game.  Expectations are a bit higher for the Heat than the Bulls.  I am looking forward to next month though.  When we again and than we won't have to deal with the no Deng excuse.  Bulls fans will come up with another though.
53Kevin::Oh wow,brandonles561heat,You mean to tell me that the most powerful team that you seem to think only beat the what you think suck Bulls team by only 5 pnts without their 2nd best scorer?If that is wat you want us to remember,we will so when we are fully healthy and whup ya'll $@%!$ you won't 4get that!
dizzled2012::that was last season's excuse when the heat lost all regular season games to bulls.  then bron had a field day in the playoffs.  then noah cried and then d-rose licked his wounds.  did boozer play that series?
brandonlee561heat::Which it is, another meaningless regular season game. But in case you forgot, here is a reminder: <b>Sun, Jan 29 vs Chicago W97-93 </b>
53Kevin::Like Heat fans will use the this is just the Regular season excuse when the Bulls beat that $@%!
53Kevin::you sound stupid!
yardog59::If the Bucks played the Heat a few more times, they would be above .500!!
dizzled2012::they've played the softest schedule so far.  that's the point
stthorpe::softest schedule in terms of playing the most games on the road, and less than 10 at home???  how is that soft???  a 9 game road trip??  hows that soft???
ttecza::Grizzlies are a +500 team.
brandonlee561heat::So if its not Luol Deng's fault , it's Rose's fault? Makes sense...
mrhandy25::Funny, I recall Atlanta beating the Heat too!
53Kevin::The Bulls beat the Grizzlies by 40 b4 the game they lost and Rose did'nt even play in da game they loss to grizzlies!Stupid $@%!
brandonlee561heat::The Bulls were supposed to lose to Golden State, and Atlanta?..
yardog59::The Bulls beat who they're supposed to beat, the same cannot be said for the Heat now can it??
ttecza::That's not what you said. But, you would not know what you said anyway.
mrhandy25::Doesn't matter who you play genius, as long as you get the "W"
ttecza::The Bulls have a winning record against .500+ teams. What is your point?
mrhandy25::I seem to recall the Heat playing the Bucks twice and getting spanked
stthorpe::of course not, never admit that
IlliniDave68::They don't want to talk about THAT, though.
brandonlee561heat::They played the 6ers too I think, im sure you know the outcome of that too.
53Kevin::Don't think the Bulls 4got that when the see the sixers again bud!Then what you gonna say!
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::lin &gt; rose
greyes52::its more like lin&gt;melo+davis
yardog59::Who cares?? Bulls &gt; Knicks..................even with their eyes closed!!
barnnibis::Yeah, because he had four good games.  Right.
Epicki::We don't know that. Wait until they play each other first.
53Kevin::Heat fans that come on here must be seeking attention or their board is trash.They frequent our boards more often than not.GET A LIFE YOU DUMB $@% HEAT FANS!
alxpgn::Just like Lebron "Heat Fans"  are attention seeking $@%!$@.  Well those fans that have been Heat fans since the decision that is.  Heat fans who remember Tim Hardaway's crossover being the best in the league have more class.
aaFOn132::Aren't you the guy who was just on the Heat board? Why are you so sensitive to fans from one team coming onto your board? Segregation is over!
53Kevin::Bcuz heat fans don't come here to talk pure basketball,they come on here to talk nonsense!
harvardandchicagobulls::last time bulls played boston: win on FRIDAY THE 13th!
harvardandchicagobulls::heat, If bulls beat the hawks? better? And if bulls win March 14th?
yardog59::You'll be hard pressed to find a Heat fan that will ever say the Bulls are better. If the Bulls win on March 14th?? The boards will be flooded by either excuses, or that regular season games don't matter. If the Bulls Lose?? The boards will be flooded with tales of how much better the Heat are.  You have to remember who you're dealing with here; 95% of Heat fans have only been Heat fans since "The Decision".
Epicki::Couldn't have said it better myself. *Like
Do The Zombie Stomp::Hey who should I drop Mario Chalmers in fantasy for Stephen Jackson Marshon Brooks or Jason Kidd or Vasques
harvardandchicagobulls::kidd
harvardandchicagobulls::bulls: PPG: 9th RPG: 2nd APG: 2nd PAPG: 3rd Heat: 2nd,16th,14th,16th. Thoughts? And dont talk about past. cause Bulls were hurt. And only by 4? Next Game heat vs. Bulls with Bulls at full force we will talk
harvardandchicagobulls::Bulls are prob. more tired. More games in a little span
harvardandchicagobulls::Lu is an all star. Noah last night said: What about me?
harvardandchicagobulls::Bulls Haters (heat fans), 23-6 is all I see. Also 95-64. 64 allowing gainst any team is GOOD!  My Harvard buddy Jeremy Lin. WOW!  But even without Rose bulls are strong. Rose is still MVP. Great Player. Bulls are not better without him. They are still a playoff team. But Rose Helps the #1. Seed
53Kevin::As a Bulls fan,It really don't matter if the Bulls get the #1 seed in the east becuz i feel the Bulls when totally healthy can beat anyone any where.And dat includes the Heat(4 u idiot Heat fans that love to come on Bulls chat boards instead of staying on your own damn board!)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
harvardandchicagobulls::tru. but march 14th everyone will be all in. And if Bulls win??????? HAHA
Jamie5731::Im not go get too excited , i need to see the Bulls take care of business against playoff teams.
Robert156877::Boston has gone 7-3 in the last 10 games.  Yes they are a playoff team.  Will they be a top 4 seed and have home court advantage?  Probably not.
stthorpe::at 14-12, a very mediocre playoff team
giangir::I would not be overconfident against Celtics.  The are old and this shortened season is killer for them, not to mention they wont be trying to hard until the playoffs.  They will be a tough out in the playoffs for whoever plays against them when Garnett, Allen and pierce can get rest between games and not have to play back to backs.
shortmac2380::we will see how we do against boston. are they still a playoff team?
Mattski8711::Lol Heat only beat the wizards by 17 points with LeBron James, Dwayne Wade, and Chris Bosh.
mrhandy25::And yet the Queen still has no ring!
stthorpe::Wah wah wah all about the past, no matter what the bulls and heat were in the exact same spots at the end of the year, no title.  You are the one talking about past and results and you haven't won squat.  Stop trolling, stop hating, go to espn miami and god for bid stop living in the past
giangir::Sorry not the same spot, one had the Eastern Conference title.
giangir::You seriously came to talk about the Heat's performance on the Bulls-Bobcats board?  And who cares if they  ONLY win by 17 points, its the regular season.  As a Bulls fan you should have learned last year that the regular season is meaningless, all that matters is the post season.  Bulls had the best record last year and beat Miami in the regular season, but when it counted they lost in only 5 games to the Heat.
53Kevin::You're not kind of an idiot aafan132,you're a total moron/idiot!
aaFOn132::You're kind of an idiot huh 53Kevin?
53Kevin::Who are you, Heat fan, to be on a Bulls board questioning what any Bulls fan say?!
stthorpe::So has this whole "bulls without d rose are nothing" thing squashed yet?  They have a strong bench and the best supporting cast in the league and we are seeing why!  Bulls are set this season, gonna be real dangerous
mezgo2010::CJ watson would be the starting point guard on 85% of the teams in the NBA
stthorpe::OK 8 man rotation, meaning watson, gibson, asik, with korver in and out of there, still like our chances against YOUR heat
stthorpe::CJ watson will be starting for someone next year, korver could be a starter, asik could be a starter, gibson could be a starter.  They have essentially 2 starting 5's with the bench mob and it has been completely over looked.  But thats good, because when it comes playoff time, we can rely on multiple individuals instead of just one
giangir::Actually in playoff times rotations shorten which is why depth is great in the regular season.  Most teams go to 8 man rotations in the post season since there is rest between games and starters play more minutes.  For example in a Bulls Heat series, Bulls have much better players in the 8-12 spots, but in the playoffs that advantage means nothing as Miami wont play the 9-12 players they have because they don't need too.
surfzone365::I think the doubters are seeing.  Although we are not firing on all cylinders when everyone is not playing, we can still be very dangerous.  Go Bulls!
surfzone365::As a Bulls fan with NC ties, I hate to see what's going on in Charlotte.  This was once a team that had some promise being young and upstart. I'd like to see the Bobcats healthy and competitive like the old Hornets were in the 1990s.  Although i will always love MJ for what he did for the Bulls, he cannot run a team!  He left the Wizards in shambles, and now doing the same in Charlotte.  Kwame Brown...nuff said...
tbomber2::to be fair, kwame brown was the top prospect out of that draft, anybody with the 1st overall pick would have taken him.
gianluchisti::MANIPULATIVE MATCH : toronto - boston    because BOSTON want arrive #7   and must pay $$$$$$$ for GARNETT PIERCE ALLEN ...    IN PLAYOFF one lost 4-1 or 4-2 vs MIAMI or CHICAGO is GOOD....   respect 4-0 vs PHILADELPHIA 76rs !!!     (my favourite team are SPURS , NUGGETS and SIENA ... i don't have cause for speak the false ...)   ( i live in ITALY - TUSCANY - SIENA - PALIO of SIENA )
stthorpe::This makes absolutely zero sense
surfzone365::You can't type either.  Learn English!
blackhawk_87::San Antonio has better odds of winning the championship than Miami does.  That's probably Lebron's fault though..
giangir::The odds in your mind maybe, which matters none.  Because Vegas sure does not have the same odds you do.
ed9116::I love the Bulls with all my heart but for some reason they still scare me. I am a Cowboys fan and no matter how good they do its all about rings. Nobody in Bull nation cares if the Bulls go 56-10 and get the 1 seed if they lose to Miami in the ECF. I am SOOO looking forward to Heat v. Bulls series cuz it will be EPIC! Until then its all hooplah and hearsay.   GO BULLS, COWBOYS, MARLINS!!!!!!!!
hapatino::Last 5 games in the HEAT - BULLS series -  HEAT, 5 wins, 0 losses BULLS, 0 wins, 5 losses  And 4 of the 5 when it mattered in the playoffs. That is domination.
Mattski8711::ANd when the bulls won all three games against the heat in the regular season the bulls lost. So you have NO argument until the heat actually WIN  again.
Robert156877::I can play that game too.  Last two times Milwaukee played the Heat -  MILWAUKEE, 2 wins, 0 losses MIAMI, 0 wins, 2 losses  That is domination.
Robert156877::The Bulls have done what they have done with two starters out most of the year.  Wait until they have all 5 starters playing and then see how good they can be.
53Kevin::If ya'll think the Bulls are good now,wait till they get the pick from the Bobcats in 3 yrs(providing they don't trade it away)If the Bobcats are bad leading up to that draft and they get the #1 pick by winning the lottery,the Bulls get that pick via the Tyrus Thomas trade .Rose will be just getting into his prime.Watch out Heat fans,by then,your 3 stooges(BRON,WADE AND BOSH,will be past their prime if all three bozo's are still there.I'm hearing that if the heat don't win it all this year they may break those 3 clowns up.So all the pressure is on the Heat to win it all this yr.Bulls don't have anything to lose because the mass espn media favors the Heat,but the Bulls will make them rethink their Heat butt kissing!
giangir::Bulls, Cowboys and Marlins.  What an odd combination of teams.  Let me guess when you were little in the early 90's Bulls and Cowboys where winning and you became a fan of those 2 teams.  Did you become a Marlin's fan after thy won the world series in 1997?
gianluchisti::toronto - boston = MANIPULATIVE MATCH
Gogoberrymix6::Good game tonight Bulls.  You guys sure know how to handle a 3 win team
mrhandy25::It really doesn't matter how much garbage these Heat fans talk, D. Rose and LeQueen have the same amount of rings at this point and her royal highness has been chasing the dream for a few years longer!
53Kevin::Funny how these stupid $@% Heat fans come on our board and make comments against who the Bulls are blowing out when their Heat are basically playing these same weak teams they say the Bulls are playing.Oh,so you didn't play the Bobcats,wizards,nets,and other weak teams eh heat fans.But yet you bring your stupid $@%!$ to our board and try to downplay the Bulls wins,trying to make it seem as if  when your heat beat those same teams,it's just pure domination to good nba teams!You Heat fans are pure dumb $@%!$!!!!!
stthorpe::Can we hold onto the past any longer???  let's wait to see what the playoffs this year brings
jimbabbitt::Gogoberry - I think you missed the Miami Heat blog page again.  Funny, I didn't see you on there at all the other night when the Heat lost to Orlando.  And because of all the trash you talk on the Bulls' blog, I was looking for you in particular.  Too bad, I had some things I wanted to blame on Lebron, like the Dallas Mavericks being the defending world champions (which actually is his fault).
jimbabbitt::Not bragging, just saying.  You guys act like you won the championship last year.  Yep, we lost to the Heat last year, and the heat deserve congratulations for that.  On the other hand, Lebron did NOT come through in the clutch in the finals.  Facts are facts - now take a deep breath and learn to read.
giangir::If i was a Bulls fan I would never bring up the Mavs.  If my team lost in the Eastern Conference finals to the Heat, I sure would not be braggin that the Heat sucked because the lost to the Mavs in the final.  Because if the Heat suck and they beat the Bulls in only 5 games, that would mean the Bulls where atrocious for losing to a team that "sucks" in 5 games.
Robert156877::Isn't this this same Charlotte team that the Heat barely beat "96-95" with a healthy squad in week 1?  Maybe I missed something but I seem to remember two starters out for the Bulls this game and the bench played most of the game.
53Kevin::Last yr is last yr.
53Kevin::Magic crused the Heat and Bulls crushed the Magic!Your point is pointless!
Robert156877::If you don't care about the regular season, why exactly are you here?  Go away, we will see you in May, assuming Milwaukee doesn't knock off the Heat in the first around.
giangir::Who cares about regular season games?  Philly crushed the Bulls and then the Heat crushed Philly.  Guess what it does not matter, its the regular season.  Bulls beat the Heat in last seasons regular season, you should know as a Bulls fan it did not matter.  When it counted in the playoffs the Heat beat the Bulls in only 5 games.  That's what matters.
surfzone365::Charlotte almost beat Miami this year if I recall.  Wade had to save the Heat.
blackhawk_87::Yes but the Heat played Washington....Once again not a real major accomplishment.
Sebastian61362::better than the Heat can
53Kevin::You must not have looked at the series dumb heat fan.Every game but game 1 went down to the wire.In fact,the Bulls were in great position to win games 3,4,and 5 because they led down the stretch in all 3 of those games.Just that Rose could'nt carry the load alone.No one else step up to help him down the stretch.If Korver would have made as many shots as he missed,and if Booz would've quit playing like a punk then we talking Bulls Mavs instead.No sir,Your comment just explains why you are competively stupid!
giangir::Too bad it doesn't matter how the Heat do against crappy teams.  All that matters is they took out the Bulls in only 5 games last playoffs.  5 games that can't eve be considered a competitive series.  Also Lebron's Cavs took out the bulls in 5 the previous season.  You Bulls fans need to be less concerned about the regular season and how the Heat fares against other teams, and focus on your own team.
HEELS535::Man why does the NBA have a lotto system for Drafting...Bet Bobcats get screwed in the draft for sure.
Robert156877::I believe Miami tried to do that very thing the year Rose was drafted.  That year the Bulls had 1 ball in the Lottery and it came up as number 1.  The Lottery guarantees the Bobcats will get no worse than the 4th pick.  Pretty good considering the deep draft this year.
Sebastian61362::cuz then teams would pull a cavaliers and blow seasons just for the #1 pick
Space Bulls.::.
Jordan Autry::at least you guys can argue over your super stars.  go bobcats!
Robert156877::I feel for you, but I still am hoping that you are bad long enough for the Bulls to get a decent pick from you.    top-14 protected in the 2012 Draft top-12 protected in 2013 top-10 protected in 2014 top-8 protected in 2015  unprotected in the 2016 Draft  I worry that come about 2015 that the Bobcats will have stacked enough young top ten talent to make the playoffs.
1bullsbears6::jordan rly screwed that team up
IlliniDave68::nubby2424 = Gogoberry  He's created another profile to troll with because what we've said about him having no life got to him.
jimbabbitt::Thanks, IlliniDave.  This guy really doesn't have a life except for hating the Bulls, does he?
gbanks2010::Haters 23-6 B---h
MEEENMACHINE::Looks like the Bulls didn't need Rose after all. The Bulls happen to have a better record w/o Rose . Still think he was MVP ? Or a guy in NY named Lin is showing what a real point guard can do , averaging 29 ppg 8 apg and shooting 58% to boot . Ever hear the word "Smart" go with Rose ? Rose may be the most athletic PG , but his basketball IQ is light years away from a Lin or  a Nash. When he shoots over 3 or 4 guys , instead of kicking it out to the wide open guy, remember that.
Mcatee1117::Lin has started 4 damned games....seriously WTH is going on here? Now ppl are comparing him to the best who ever played the game? COME ON MAN!!
AdamSaidThis::MEENMACHINE is the last of the Celtics trolls.
giangir::I definitely think Rose is a scoring PG and needs to improve his passing and making his teammates better, I think Chris Paul is the best PG in the league.  But did you just bring up Lin who has only played 4 games in the NBA and say that he is better than Rose, the reigning MVP?  Damn James Dolan has officially driven Knick fans insane!
Sebastian61362::lin hasnt played vs an elite Defense when he can score 20+points vs Chicago ,Orlando, or miami then come talk $@%! dont even put lins name next to roses , and how do the bulls have a better record hes only missed like 5 games . Shut that $@%! up
mickayy::take your lin love fest to the new york forum hater troll
IlliniDave68::GTFO.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Lin is averaging 58% shooting, but how many games has he started? 5? That is a pretty small sample size
Space Bulls.::Go check into a mental institution, I'd pay for you but I don't know who you are and don't care to.
Bullsaretherealdeal.::Lets see what's up march 12 when Lin gets a reality check like all other hyped point guards in the nba. Oh that's at the united center too OUCH!
