jboug44::text
jboug44::text
jboug44::"<p> This is the sample text. </p>
jboug44::<p> This is the sample text. </p>
jboug44::<b>shut up<b></b></b>
mosesbyu::Seriously Free Jimmer.
gw687::The fact DMC shoots under 50% consistently makes me sick.  I would bench him every time he took a shot from further than 12 feet.  He has to grow his basketball IQ and stop playing like a guard.
gw687::Keith Smart is having a rough go as a coach, whether he is right as a head coach in the NBA i don't know.  However, I do know this:  the Maloof's have screwed up Sacramento so much no coach could possibly succeed.  What does Smart have to work with?  He has a team full of unintelligent, selfish players who constantly take ill advised shots, refuse to move without the ball, and don't play defense to save their lives.  Just about every player on the Kings I think can be successful... around different players on a different team.  The Maloof's have managed this team into the ground.  I would love to see Tyreke, Jimmer, IT, and a few others go somewhere else where they might be able to play with a group of guys who will left them up rather than drag them down and ownership who really believes in them.
haydent145616::jimmer is a beast
vusani::Class TRob.  All posture, no production.
yellowdart24::For as bad as the pacers have been this season they are still tied for the central division. Once they start playing like they did last year and get granger back the pacers will run away with this division. Lets just hope they avoid the heat's side of the bracket come playoff time.
Aaron14488::Smart's philosophy: If I cant make everyone happy then I am going to make sure nobody's happy.  I cant imagine what it's like for all of the Kings players (especially IT/Jimmer and Cisco) to go into every game having no clue if they are even going to get any PT.  And before you jump to conclusions I'm not saying start Jimmer and only take him out for water breaks, I'm simply saying get some consistency in your rotation! Loved watching IT play last year and feel bad for him this year as Smart is doing what he did with Jimmer last year to IT this year.  Would like to see them both out of Sac town.
ute-jazz for life::i tell u what,  thomas has won me over this year. he has every reason to hate fredette, yet everytime fredette makes a tuff shot, thomas is the first one off the bench going nuts. its legit to. he looks honestly happy for fredette to be playing well. he's turned me into a fan as well.
Italics87::Thomas has been like that for a long time, He and Jimmer seem like good friends, and Thomas himself is just an awesome guy.
ute-jazz for life::one last thing brooks and thorton ate up the majority of the back court min,  and they were -11 and -9. fredette keeping with the theme of things was +3
ute-jazz for life::lol
Ashotjan::Jimmer never takes bad shots like that Black Hole Cousins, thor, and tyreke take game in a game out. He is a plus player and always has been with the Kings. Problem is Smart doesn't care. If you ain' black you must sit back.
Italics87::What's funny is seeing some Kings fans call Jimmer a "chucker" tonight whenever Cousins was 5-17 shooting...
Rexanilatorz::DAVID WEST BEAST
BYUsGotHeart::True that.
Italics87::Jimmer 5-10 for 12 points, 3 assists, one turnover, and +3. One of the top PER's in the entire NBA. The most efficient player on the kings.   ... Still doesn't start. Still doesn't even play at all in some games.   Free Jimmer.
haydent145616::where is it
ute-jazz for life::please for the love read his trade proposal lol
haydent145616::where is it
kfilter::jimmer fans read my trade proposals below..
BYUsGotHeart::Looks like they're gonna use Jimmer a lot like they used Ty Detmer in the NFL - as a coach for the guards. Smart, whether wrong or right, is afraid he's a liability on the court in games but may see value in him during practices.   Who knows, but I haven't seen a player treated quite like he is. Come to LA, Jimmer. We need some shooters off the bench.
SB4LlFE::jimmer is a bust
Italics87::Yeah, playing in the NBA and making millions, with a hot wife... what a loser. Unlike you!
benw023::if you have paid attention at all you would have seen that Jimmer isn't as big as a liability on defense as we all thought he would be.  still not great but does the job.  He needs more playing time he's earned it especially with an offense that has sucked.
JonathanGeorgeRD::Gee you don't think the PER has anything to do with the small sample size? I'll give Jimmer credit he has shot well this year, but PER doesn't account for the liability that he is on defense.
BubbaSpiker::So your read somewhere that Jimmer defense is a problem.  Hey, if it's on the internet it must be true.  You obviously didn't watch the game or listen to the commentators mentioning how well he was defending.  Try using your brain.
Ashotjan::Just an old lie. Show examples of Jimmer getting beaten even once last night. I watched the whole game and it never happened. It's just a BS excuse you conjure up because you're lazy.
Italics87::Kings had the second to worst defense in the NBA last year, and they are looking to repeat that this year. Give me a break, Jimmer's defense is the least of the King's concerns right now.
2True_Blue::best defense is a great offense...
tylercoronado::KEITH SMART HAS TO GOOOOOO!!!!!!!
kfilter::im out though thanks for hearing me out. I wish all jimmer fans were as knowledgeable and realistic as you. I hope he has a great career whether on the kings or somewhere else
johndomenow::ynum cant do this HAHAH  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1fULvdHYJs
ute-jazz for life::i think ur dead wrong... they love him of course, he took them on a great ride, so of course they have their lofty hopes aka miller allen... .. i personally think (hope) he could have some serious nash in his game... that being said, i also, like, most jimmer fans i see up here, think he could flat out be a basic, work hard, and stay in the league utility player. the point is, any other lottery pick on a terrible team would have had the chance to show what he's capable of... jimmer is still getting shafted... last year he was so abused with how smart played him his numbers were majorly effected.. given smart the argument to sit him on the pine...so what does fredette do, gets so prepared in the off season that even smarts abuse doesnt effect him in his sophomore campaign .... he enters, he balls... and yet on a four and whatever squad, he still cant get a real shot at big min... i think honestly if the situation was reversed, a black college unanimous poy, nations leading scorer, lottery pick, with a huge following, went to a terrible all white team with a white coach where  he cant get any real time, even tho in the 8 min a game he does get allotted, he tears it up.. if that happened, i  honestly dont think it  would fly. racist remarks about the coach and team would fly... yet folks like u cant bare to  hear jimmers fans take up for him and suggest that something may be off in this situation.. all i know is this... he is balling... even playing respectable deee. he deserves a real shot... thats all his fans want... a chance to know if they are right, or if ur right... with the kings being constant cellar dwellers, why not lets find out.. he is a lottery pick, and he has been tearing it up in his limited min.... PLAY THE KID
ute-jazz for life::earl this is a A and B conversation C ur way out of it.
ute-jazz for life::me to....  but i do feel that any other coach in the league switches place with smart and comes to the kings... on this selfish team 9 out of 10 play jimmer with his recent production, and the lack of production of this team... i truly believe a lot of jimmers struggles last year came from him trying to fit and and not step on any ones toes... this year, he doesnt seem to care... not that he's being selfish... just playing his game..
EarlDean60::I don't care what his excuses are, Jimmer fell on his face last year and that is why he isn't playing this year... he hasn't earned anything... and being white doesn't get you a second of playing time...
kfilter::i can't bear when ignorant jimmer fans claim he is reggie miller or ray allen, i acknowledge he should get time, but jimmer fans take it way overboard and i wish he could play out his career somewhere he has the following and will get the pt and a racist coach won't get blamed
kfilter::the thing is most jimmer fans on here don't see that he could be a flat out basic utility jj reddick type player. This year i agree he should be getting more time. I love the kings but our franchise is in shambles, we have no owners, a terrible coach, and a terrible gm. Last year however jimmer was not ready. And while he could have been played through his struggles IT another rookie was averaging 15 a game and 5 or 6 assists so how could you not give him time just because he wasn't a lottery pick? I don't think smart is racist however just a bad coach. Look at IT this year his is getting the same treatment as jimmer did last year. Jimmer should get more playing time I just wish his fans weren't constantly complaining thinking he is the best player ever and instead do something to get him on their team which could happen
ute-jazz for life::fair enough
kfilter::ute-jazz for life: is this not true? you don't think this many fans pulling for jimmer in utah would catch the jazz's eye?
ute-jazz for life::and  filter real talk as a ute fan id trade jimmer for favors.....  it is not a popular one maybe, but ive seen how crazy jimmer went in college, and scary enough, lately hes started to resemble that guy... id do it... but this is the 55 time u have said it... we got it,  but im done wasting my typing time yapping with u about it.. but for the last time. I'm down... better make sure ur franchise can handle the lossof jimmer... he has more fans than the kings franchise.... u may be headed to nirvana country if jimmer goes... the last straw so to speak.. would serve the kings right.. the drafted fredette just for his fans... they have never even given him a real shot
EarlDean60::Lol... one Sacramento guy trying to give him away and the Utah worshiping jimmer other trying not to take him... go figure.. just get the creep outta Sacramento and his idiot flock with him... that's all I ask...
BYUsGotHeart::I want that "freak" of a shooter in LA. We'll appreciate that kind of role player unlike the Kings.   BTW, Jimmer's "idiot flock" may be annoying to you and other die-harders, but they have contributed more than most Kings to the economics of the team.
kfilter::once you got this to the masses and loyal jimmer fans and they joined together you could have an affect on utah management. Money talks to them and jimmer is a gold mine in utah
kfilter::utah*
kfilter::theres countless jimmer youtube videos as well. Get a bring back jimmer to youtube one going?
kfilter::with that many people at a jazz game calling for jimmer why wouldn't the jazz take a shot? they know it'd mean automatic sellouts for the rest of jimmers career and tons of money
kfilter::i haven't done it but jimmer fans have a loyalty and dedication and mass of people that if they join together they could get something done
kfilter::you get it done by getting 6000 shirts that say favors for jimmer and going to jazz games. Hell even jimmer for kanter jimmer for hayward
kfilter::true that you don't which is good. He has been playing good this season. But he is not the god jimmer fans think he is. I'd take favors over him in a second, you guys could get what you want and we could go back to being a terrible franchise. Instead all jimmer fans do is complain complain complain and claim he is the next reggie miller/ ray allen. Most of the jimmer fans are so biased i can't stand it. You seem to be logical and know his worth. Smart does need to be fired and jimmer should get more time, but he does not have all star potential that i see. If utah fans think this put pressure on mangagement to make a trade because i guarantee it won't take an all star player to get jimmer. Therefore it'd be win for you guys
ute-jazz for life::ur preaching to the choir.. i would love it... u tell me how to make it happen.. have u successsfully worked a trade on ur end before. again, tell me how I'm all ears
kfilter::think of the fan base right in utah
ute-jazz for life::sorry, i dont think im anything like chad.. i dont use perfanity for one. i just see ur angle. jimmer was the only legit bright spot tonight, and yet u treat him like the enemy....  ur just like smart. no matter what fredette does, u will never be won over because of one little fact.. a fact that shouldnt mtter one bit
kfilter::then why make 6000 shirts for jabari parker? do the same for jimmer at utah games. You guys are creative. Quit complaining about racist coaches and such and make something happen
kfilter::whatever you've seen what jimmer fans can do what they put their power together
ute-jazz for life::im a u of u fan not the cougs
kfilter::if utah got jimmer it'd be a huge trade with automatic sellouts
kfilter::you talk just like chad btw though creeping me out
ute-jazz for life::because its idiotic.. we cant pull the trigger on real trades.. nba2k13 is not real
ute-jazz for life::incapable
kfilter::i just wanna know why you guys talk and complain all game, but when i suggest a trade to utah everyone disappears and won't talk
kfilter::then get it done! you know how much power jimmer fans have especially in utah. if you guys believe this you could get it done! start putting pressure on utah management through newpaper boards along with jazz forums. He'd be a god in utah
ute-jazz for life::he already is a god in utah.. bball god
Justin4549::Coach Smart is terrible.  He got his most production tonight from Garcia and Fredette, two guys that are almost always buried on the bench. #getaclue #someonefirethisguy
ute-jazz for life::fantasy land realization moment.. no matter how hard u pretend that anything said  in here has any real meaning in the real nba, i swear it doesn't,
kfilter::trying doesn't hurt. If he is that good and the fans joined together and didn't go to games it would work. You guys made 6000 shirts of jabari parker try and get jimmer
ute-jazz for life::gosh dude hit repeat off
kfilter::well ive seen smart is racist all game and jimmer doesn't play take it into your own hands
kfilter::trade favors for jimmer? jimmer avgs 31ppg per 48 mins and shoots over 50 percent
kfilter::Jimmer for Derrick Favors tell me why jimmer/byu/jazz fans wouldnt take that. Jimmer=31ppg per 48 minutes. Favors tonight 9 minutes 0 points 2 rebounds
mswall6::Wait, what? I'm a Jazz and BYU fan who loves Jimmer. And yes, I would love to see Jimmer on the Jazz. But for Favors? What, you looked at one game's statistics and decided you know everything about him? First of all, Favors got hurt in the first half tonight and didn't come back. He gets plenty of playing time in a crowded frountcourt, and he's the #3 and sometimes #2 big man, not #4. Kanter just got more minutes tonight because he was hurt. And Favors is already one of the best defensive big men in the NBA, certainly the best defender on the Jazz, and he scores plenty when he's actually in the game. Plus, he has a lot more upside than Jimmer. He's getting better all the time, while Jimmer, although having some room to improve, just kind of is who he is. There isn't a guy in the league who would take that deal
Psycrates::The only reason that wouldn't happen is because even the Kings aren't that damned stupid.
kfilter::anyone? you guys wouldn't quite talking about him earlier but now you wouldn't even say you'd trade him for the number 4 big on your team who doesn't get playing time
SoFixed3secsleftJarretJckFoulsAndreIgudola4over99.52ndhalf::ChargersFan4Life001 = espn employee
7810Michael::go pacers just beat the bulls tuesday 4 &amp; 0 road trip first in central watch out lebron go david west
Alin Dahr::Keep dreaming......Pacers will make the post season then get bundled out the 1st round.....  Yeah, beating the Kings is a big achievement lol
NGplayinskillz::Pacers without their best player beat the Lakers, I'd say that is a pretty big achievement.
ChargersFan4Life001::well im done here, GG pacers fans and GL the rest of the way. GO KINGS! :(
kfilter::true. gn and goodluck tomorrow
kfilter::ya ucla is underachieving now though. Plus just lost two guys off the team although smith was an overweight bus anyways. I think one of the twins may be hurt still as well
ChargersFan4Life001::ucla has looked bad but still have a lot of talent. I know they will be ready for this game, just hope that SDSU is ready as well. okay well now im gonna go, gn
kfilter::thought it was soon. Ill be watching. Hope they destroy them
ChargersFan4Life001::will be tough, but it should be a good game. would love for a beatdown by sdsu
kfilter::true kings fan. Good luck to sdsu too i think they play ucla soon
ChargersFan4Life001::tomorrow, should be good
EarlDean60::Kings SUCK...
EarlDean60::Non jimmer comment indeed... Does that a-hole play for another team...?
EarlDean60::Utahans... jesus!
ute-jazz for life::earl the non pearl with a non jimmer comment... holy cow...
kcowling20::<b><a>Go to sleep King's fans.</a></b>
Nikoloz3::Am I the only one who thinks it's about time the Pacers get some new uniforms?
EarlDean60::Dresses
Rexanilatorz::no way i love these uniforms
Nikoloz3::Really? I miss the pinstripes and the flo jos
Wesanatuh13::Look up "pacers new look campaign" on YouTube made by somebody about an entirely new look.
Nikoloz3::I saw that a while back, it's pretty slick.
JohndoMEnow1::ANDRE iguodala MISSED dunk hahaha  then miss again  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYR0H0pjAsU
75reds::Yeah but he got bailed out by ref.  Horrible call
SoFixed3secsleftJarretJckFoulsAndreIgudola4over99.52ndhalf:::) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :):) :) :) :) :)
Chapmanx23::Demarcus feels the need to throw the ball up every tim he touches the ball in the post. You Kings fans must be sick of this.
kfilter::I want a trade to utah where he belongs and will be loved and I won't have to listen to jimmer lovers anymore. Why not when you have an extra big that doesnt get playing time
ute-jazz for life::hey simple simon, u act like any of us have any say in nba trades.. we get it, thats ur little clever jimmer hate comment for the moment.. but u have wore it completely out now... think of another... no one even knows how to respond
EarlDean60::No.. you've wore the jimmerworship out, go somewhere else...
kfilter::start it on every forum in utah. I guarantee kings management will do it in a flash. You get what all you guys want and we get a talented big
ute-jazz for life::he knows who the fans really want to see..
Chapmanx23::Like he was mad at Jimmer? Cousins is always throwing little temper tantrums it's so childish
Psycrates::Cousins is actually Jimmer's homie, and his biggest support on the team. EVERYBODY gets that look from Cousins. It wasn't a thing.
ute-jazz for life::he straight up scoughed at jimmer on two occasions in the sec half, thus leading smart to choose between the two... guess who sat
kfilter::trade favors for jimmer then this wont ever happen again
itsatrap123::GG Pacer fans: a job well done.
ChargersFan4Life001::yep
fball8088::The only reason I watch the Kings is JImmer. Wish he played for a decent team
JonathanGeorgeRD::If Jimmer played on a decent team, he would still be on the bench.
ute-jazz for life::wish he played period... tonight was nice to see him actually break sweat.
kfilter::we need to get a jimmer for favors trade going
EarlDean60::Just wish he would leave.. anywhere... then maybe you'd all leave too.
Chapmanx23::same here
kfilter::get a trade for favors set up. you guys can make it happen
kfilter::Jimmer fans: get a trade for derrick favors set up! post in all jazz forums and utah newspapers
ute-jazz for life::jimmer is shooting 50 % plus from the field this year
kfilter::exactly. So a deal for favors is a no brainer is it not?? You have 3 talented bigs to go with the next reggie miller
Chapmanx23::I'm not even a Kings fan but i could coach better than Smart
kfilter::ya we know you're a jimmer fan. Get him to utah and quit complaining here
Chapmanx23::He's the next Lights out shooter of the leauge at Point Guard! He can change the game in so many ways
kfilter::chapmanx wants to trade for favors. You guys keep him on the bench behind millsap jeffererson anyways
ryunrz::Without big bodies like favors down low, you don't get the rebounds for all the missed FG's from guys like jimmer.
dahojas::Don't be blind. He won't be great. He has potential yes, but no where near the potential of Favors. Favors could be best defender in the league someday. The only chance Jimmer has to be great is to run a D'Antoni like offense
kfilter::people below said he is the next ray allen/reggie miller id take that over favors anyday
ryunrz::Love Jimmer, but he's not a foundation player like Favors.
Chapmanx23::Jimmer makes things happen when he's on the court BottomLine.
ute-jazz for life::fredette is average a point a min.... he's great out of purgatory
kfilter::exactly way better than favors so why wouldn't you do that trade?
dahojas::Never. Favors is too good. I love Jimmer, but Favors is All star someday, Jimmer just is good, not great.
Chapmanx23::No he will be great, his potential is unlimited never doubt the mind of the Jimmer
ryunrz::We would never give up Favors. You guys would just waste him anyways.
kfilter::why are you laughing? He avgs 31 per game over 48 minutes
ute-jazz for life::lol
kfilter::not even for jimmer??? jimmer is the next ray allen way more potential than favors
ute-jazz for life::then u will have ur dream team... no pasty white fellas to endure
kfilter::i loved when we had vlade hedo peja on our team
Boston Celtics.::well now I'm off to go boo Lakers fans.
ChargersFan4Life001::there are people on the cs board
Nikoloz3::David West- Could I get some help?
PacmanJones2008::The Queens suck
J webb nation::trade me now  - isaih thomas
eyerazzi::trade me now  -the whole kings team
razzledazzletj81::being from NJ I've been watching the kings since the days of Pete Carill, but once Jimmer gets traded I'll never watch this team again. They are the funniest thing on tv right now,,,smh
EastCoastSurfing::I think ""How I Met Your Mother" is the funniest show on TV
Rexanilatorz::The new york jets are the funniest thing on tv
hanswagner3::Jets + Eagles are funniest things on TV
Clown Account Bro.::back to the LA board.
itsatrap123::Make sure to troll.
Clown Account Bro.::That's the plan ;)
Nikoloz3::.500 without Granger isn't too bad, considering Paul George has yet to really step it up.
tgreeson80::They just need to get PG some Zig Zigler tapes...dude lacks confidence
hanswagner3::He may never... but West and Hill are pleasant surprises.
tgreeson80::They seem to lack the intensity of last year though, that's what I worry about...
Mr. Bradford::Kings have allowed the Pacers to score 14 points off of their turnovers. Maybe that was a factor in tonight's Pacers victory.
ChargersFan4Life001::that is one reason, the other big reason is David West
itsatrap123::That name should ever be uttered again.
Chapmanx23::GIVE THE WHITEBOY THE BALL AND LET HIM SHOOT! This And1 team is so frustrating to watch and i'm not even a fan.
Area55andG2::who designed that play? jack up a brick like 5 feet away from the 3-point line?
J webb nation::thatst was a long shot...
Boston Celtics.::=(
Taco with a Q::Pacers will dont worry, only 6 home games in the first 18 for the Pacers
Area55andG2::.500
Boston Celtics.::I said get above .500
kcowling20::<b><a><span style="text-decoration: blink;">PACERS WIN</span></a></b>
seanlovesjmr::atleast get a decent  shot
airic.ad::Roy Hibbert and Paul George, how does it feel to have David West carry your sorry $@%!$ to a win again?
tgreeson80::I have a bad feeling DW will be laid up the last month of the season because of these big minutes...
Rhino5643::its a team sport, a win is a win
