fabry02::Good job 76ers.
mojorisin92::As long as MKG is on their team, they will get better. You can't help but get better when you have a guy like him on your team. Yeah, he's not pretty on offense, but he gives 100% effort 100% of the time, plays hard defense, and plays with a mean streak despite a calm demeanor off the court. Every team could use a guy like him.
picaac15::The Sixers have come to a point where the fans prefer Big Macs over a win.
picaac15::Reasons why the Sixers wont lose games on purpose:  1) The players are playing for jobs 2) The coaches are coaching for jobs 3) Its a weak draft. 6th or 7th pick is pointless. 4) Weak schedule 5) Damien Wilkins
joest2003::Kemba gets NO respect with the whistle
Blazelover13::Good. Now, let's hope the Bucks lose, and continue to hope for a miracle down the stretch.
bluedevils1148::Aye we're winning now. A lil late though....
joest2003::I dont EVER complain about the refs but DAM they gave sixers this one
IggyIsClutch::Who cares It's not like either team could use a w
troutatron::lol stop
DUDE-I-TOLD-YOU::nice moose job boys...
IggyIsClutch::Turner you suck
chauncedaly::Typical that the Sixers start winning games when they don't matter thus blowing any chances of getting a better lottery pick!  Can't wait to get a stiff or a project player at 12 or 13 again ans continue to be irrelevant in this league!
troutatron::every Philadelphia team does this
erinbaby1997::Wow, sixers beat s.hitty team, big whoop!
troutatron::no but the 6ers suck so yea go team!
troutatron::OK...so we can win and play well when we are out of the playoffs...nice
IggyIsClutch::Plumlee here we come.....
CoreyGallagherArt::Good look, should be game
CoreyGallagherArt::double double for Thad
CoreyGallagherArt::I don't believe Doug practices free throws at practice, doesn't make sense that Iggy becomes a terrible free throw shooter, now Jrue and Thad
Saul1681::who's up?
Saul1681::thanx
CoreyGallagherArt::Sixers 93-88
picaac15::Wait wait wait..  Is one of the Bobcats announcers a woman? lol.
steelersbobcatsredsox::its usually dell curry but he is watching his son in the tournament
steelersbobcatsredsox::here comes kemba
picaac15::Spencer Hawes would be amazing off the bench behind Bynum...  If only..
Saul1681::cmon philly damnit
Realityissreality::F new  Orleans for stealing our hornets. I hate them sooooo much
Everyday im Shufflin 290::A female calling a bobcats game ? lol
9edr0::she is calling the game for dell curry
genadi126::philly -600 in odds yet they are barely ahead..
324we5rytuijop0-9876::I NEED THIS WIN MORE THEN COLOURED PEOPLE NEEDED FREEDOM IN THE 19TH CENTURY!!! PLEASE COVER THE SPREAD!!
nbatalking::all games @ http://nba-stream.com
NYKnicks Fan::Thank you so much
MTorres727@gmail.com::all games nba.aoso.ru
nbatalking::all games @ http://nba-stream.com
oneillk8::doug collins needs to go....ugh i dont blame the players for quitting on him everywhere he's been
9edr0::take Pargo out he cant guard Turner
bring back kwame::I NEED THIS WIN MORE THEN COLOURED PEOPLE NEEDED FREEDOM IN THE 19TH CENTURY!!! PLEASE COVER THE SPREAD!!
bring back kwame::I NEED THIS WIN MORE THEN COLOURED PEOPLE NEEDED FREEDOM IN THE 19TH CENTURY!!! PLEASE COVER THE SPREAD!!
nbatalking::http://nba-stream.com
pantherfan2488::What is with the FT shooting today...
bring back kwame::please jesus let the 69ERS COVER THE SPREAD!!!!!!! PLEASE JESUS YOU BEAUT
9edr0::you may be the worst troll ever
9edr0::Gerald has improved a lot from 3pt range
Bobcats Will Dominate Soon::Wow Stephanie Ready should shut her mouth.
9edr0::lol she can be irritating sometimes cant wait till Dell is back lol
9edr0::McRoberts is 10X better than Mullens
pantherfan2488::Man these Refs are strict
bring back kwame::FINAL FOUR : CUSE, SHOCKERS, MICHIGAN AND THE BOBWUSSIES!!!!!!!!!!!
bring back kwame::HOW THE HELLL CAN THE 76ERSBE LOSING TO A TEAM FULL OF CRACKERS ???? PLEASE 76ERS COVER THE SPREAD !!
9edr0::lol the Bobs only have 2 white guys on the whole team
Saul1681::wow 76ers u blow.... for crying ol its the bobby cats
picaac15::Can I clear something up?  The Sixers are not purposefully losing games. The Sixers SHOULD not be purposefully losing games even though the season is basically over.  What the Sixers SHOULD be doing is giving all the young guys playing time and by doing so will inadvertently lose games.  This is what the Bobcats do, what the Cavs do, what the Magic do. No teams PURPOSEFULLY lose games, everyone would lose their jobs. They always try to win. Tanking is not giving zero effort.
steelersbobcatsredsox::biz has a decent hook shot
Saul1681::lets go 6ers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Naminus_Paps29280::Draft it up:  http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-draft-challenge3
Bobbylee035::draft kings is better
Hyeonk::Doug Collins really needs to get fired. Season is a wash and he refuses to give Arnett some quality playing time...
9edr0::should switch coaches with Charlotte
CoreyGallagherArt::Young guys at least get minutes
soliuz2k::bobcats eat philly cheesesteaks
steelersbobcatsredsox::man id love to see this more consistently from mkg
9edr0::id love to see more consistency from the whole team
steelersbobcatsredsox::hendo has been pretty consistent since the all star break
SpartyOn1220::Lmao Jrue in the whole game and a lead this slim.... wow
CoreyGallagherArt::He's obviously struggling this game to score, 6 assists tho...
