earlealston::Wow....How fitting.....The Clippers first division title will be sealed against the Lakers, whom they are about to season-sweep for the very first time......  10 years ago, even CONTEMPLATING such a season would have been lunacy......
LeBronHasNoFullSeasonRing::Still no full-season ring. He missed 3 games this year. Not a full season. My user name won't change
CrimsonEyedDeath::Keep reaching.
DvlDog6::Back in prehistoric days, the mighty LeBrontosaurus was a gigantic plant eater who was feared even by the big meat eaters...
StevenK_3::Lol at people saying LeBron is a sidekick.
516CHAS::lebron brought energy to that game when he was put in, something i did not see from philli. any time during the entire game. slow and lazy just dont cut it. thats what philli. was
coltranesteelkirt::Its embarassing that the Heat got that close to the streak, but utterly failed in getting it... Might as well have lost every single game of the season instead.
Max 089::Your teams blow. Get out of here.
rleroy1967::With all these winning streaks in the NBA this season, the Heat streak doesn't mean that much. :)
CrimsonEyedDeath::No, because I'm sure according to him, it was the refs screwing them.
StevenK_3::Does Miami beating you in 2 straight playoff series mean much?
SeminoleCounty::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asWAZpf7oaM Remember that?
stlrams2383::I bet he had a really difficult time scoring those points with all that d that people don't play in the NBA
SeminoleCounty::"Rust? What rust?"  - Lebron
isugrugis::Ok tell me I'm not the only one wondering why espn has such an obsession with lebron? The guy scored 27 points and tht is the third biggest headline!?
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::LeGoat, LeKing, LeChosen One
isugrugis::Yeh no hate he is the best in the game but I wouldn't call him any of those
katnaseth001::So, LeBron, people start to question your "injuries" at such a convenient time and you manage to fight your way back to health before your salary was involved. Such class.
oblique15::obviously Bosh was not hurt, they are just taking turns resting
516CHAS::and no fine from the commish.
katnaseth001::My point proved right again, about the "intelligence" of Florida in general: <b>THEY'RE</b> <i>not</i> <b>THEIR</b>
DolphinsCanes66::So, their smart and good!
Kes Ton::LOL @ Knicks Fans who think Melo can win the MVP with a 1 Week Hot Streak.... when LeBron has been riding a Season Long Hot Streak.  HAHAHAHAHA....... I Can't wait to see the Vote Results.... Cry More Knick Fans....
DolphinsCanes66::News flash..... D.rose wins  the MVP again this year...LOL
Factoids R Us::agree with ya, but in my opionon LBJ should have won it the season they gave it to DRose....so who knows
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::Every time I come in here some dumb@ss is talking about fans. lol, get a life!
dead stuff on fire::the heat are the best team ever - until they start losing again and then i'll bandwagon the next best team ever!
katnaseth001::says the entire state of Florida...
chazzzzz1965::We r the Heat's Washington Generals f'n awesome 2be a Sixers fan
Layton7888::lol GL rest of NBA in playoffs
I love my team SEC::WE OWN YOU!!!
dead stuff on fire::who is we and who do you own?
dead stuff on fire::same reason as you, you pathetic jealous troll hater!
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>Why are you Here You PATHETIC Jealous Troll?</b>
Trent Cole shoots the gap::lebron = mvp
JValle2215::Carmelo anthony:17 career Playoff wins Lebron James:16 Playoff wins......Just last year
JValle2215::Didnt i say game set match.....hmmmmmm your insults only hurt yourself....i am literally loseing braincells from haveing this convo with you.........
dead stuff on fire::you truly are ignorant, right?
dead stuff on fire::he said "haveing"
dead stuff on fire::he said "loseing"
dead stuff on fire::2 cells down, one to go
JValle2215::Eating a bagel is a challenge for you???  Game,Set,Match........Thanx for playing ahahaha
dead stuff on fire::you really don't get it do you?  having to explain the insults tossed down on you?  in all honesty - take a step back to 8th grade and really, REALLY concentrate on sewing that apron...you'll be wearing it for a long time.
JValle2215::Comeing from the guy who wears panties........Owned
dead stuff on fire::he said "comeing"
dead stuff on fire::this is too easy...moving on to eating a bagel.  more of a challenge
JValle2215::You asked whats the big story....so i just gave it to you....from this year....and your still confused......Do Men wear panties were your from......Kinda strange. Men were draws....now give your mommas panties back
dead stuff on fire::draws - owned.  this lady is as clueless as a dead stump
dead stuff on fire::can you read?  i wasn't comparing anything to anything.  go back - have a look...and throw some water on your panties - i think they're on fire.
JValle2215::Career vs Career.....are you trying to compare 3 games to the 3 games lebron was out......or are you compareing melos 47 percent shooting from the field 37 percent from 3 or lebrons 56 percent shooting from the field and 40% from 3....THATS THIS YEAR FOOL
dead stuff on fire::wow - gotta have a bodyguard here to pick you up when you fall?
Suanks42::He's just inferring that Carmelo is a choke-job in the playoffs, which he is, and don't expect anything different this year.
dead stuff on fire::then why should he, the knicks, even play?  why should any team continue playing?  just give the trophy to the heat...the winners of the regular season
dead stuff on fire::what's the big story?  you got a book or something?  can you type?
JValle2215::Was i talking about this year......Im talking The BIG STORY HERE nice try though ahaha
dead stuff on fire::and for this year, that means what?
I love my team SEC::experience
truthhurtsalot::Larry Sanders:  "For me, I play the ball.  I go for the block or the I go for the steal.  If I don't get it, I'd rather get dunked on.  I don't do the hard fouls or wrap-around thing.  That's not my game and there's no place for it."  Wow, so much respect for this GREAT defense player now.
JValle2215::SNL did a Mike Rice parody absolutley hilarious http://deadspin.com/saturday-night-live-took-on-the-mike-rice-video-tonight-471037367?utm_campaign=socialflow_deadspin_twitter&amp;utm_source=deadspin_twitter&amp;utm_medium=socialflow
49ers2014SBChamps::<b>Last time LeBron led a team to a 60 win season, they got swept by the Spurs in the Finals... which, well, could happen here too</b>
dead stuff on fire::and the last time lebron took a crap he flushed down a celtic
Max 089::nice
Max 089::Huh? The last time he led a team to a 60 win season they lost to Celtics in the Eastern semis.
EyeNevaLose::And that was the last time the Spurs were ever seen in the finals.
Rio FERDINAND owns everything::it will be fun to watch NYK OKC today, Melo will absolutely destroy Durant
JValle2215::Thats gunna be a great game to bad Melo and Durant have about as much Defense as a 7year old girls pick up game
EyeNevaLose::True dat.
dead stuff on fire::melo destroyed three golden corrals and one waffle house last night/this morning
Jaguarcrazyboy::Drive bys huh.
EyeNevaLose::Lol
dead stuff on fire::and with all of this mvp talk, know who never gets mentioned - as truly most valuable to his team?  david lee.  i know with all the media, hype, flash and marketing that we're always talking about pure scorers, but that guy has what, 40 double-doubles this year?  talk about a guy paying his dues and doing his best for a team that's hardly ever on the front page.
aaartnaz::kobe: "i'm taking MY talents to south beach in 2014!"
JValle2215::Nah I'm Giving my checks to Vanessa  kOBE
Jaguarcrazyboy::"Nah I'm taken my checks to the bank,"  Kobe once retired
EyeNevaLose::The difference between LeBron and Melo can be summed up like this:  In LeBron's last 40 point game, he also added 16 assist and 8 rebounds.
LeBron Drinks GOAT Milk::Melo 44% fg / 3 assists per game.....  *crap numbers
EyeNevaLose::2.6 assists
JValle2215::Lebron james 56% Fg / 8 APG  Average to lebron.........Unearthly numbers for Melo
Jaguarcrazyboy::Lebron James looks like Kenan Thompson.
LeBron Drinks GOAT Milk::Carmelo Anthony is one dimensional.  --Steve Blake
Jaguarcrazyboy::The Knicks vs Heat fanbase will be wonderful to watch.
SRQisAlive::why is lebron the MVP? the heat still have wade and bosh  knicks got no one after melo
dead stuff on fire::tyson is a good player and jr smith has been playing well of late.  maybe not the names of wade/bosh, but the knicks are not a one man team  and neither is miami.
LeBron Drinks GOAT Milk::Maybe because Melo is shooting 44% with 3 assists per game this year
JValle2215::Does melo lead his team in points steals assists blocks rebounds and shooting percentage????? Well Lebron leads the heat in those categories.....and wade and bosh are on the team....THATS WHY LEBRON IS THE MVP
LeBron Drinks GOAT Milk::2013 MVP Results.... 1. LeBron - Unanamous 2. Chris Paul 3. Tony Parker 14. Kobe Bryant 122, Melo
JValle2215::Wes manning you need to actually watch basketball.....cuz clearly you have no idea about anything ahahahah
Wes Manning::Why is Lebron the MVP? He's merely a sidekick on an All-Star team. How about the stars that are truly winning games for their teams night-in-night-out?
701jay::how can you be the sidekick when you lead your team in almost every major category? not sure if trolling or.....?
Max 089::Wow, what an idiotic post.
JValle2215::has Melo ever Led the League in scoreing.......Lebron Has #Ouch
KNICKS KNICKS KNICKS NYK::All trolling aside, i hope we can give a good fight to Miami in the postseason. We need to really bring it.
dead stuff on fire::worry about miami later.  knicks need to think about baby steps.  not being derogatory, but lets get out of the 1st round 1st
dead stuff on fire::knicks can do the hawks, but i'm guessing the celtics are more likely.  even without rondo, that team always has something going on. against the knicks.  garnett will be back - i think - might be a bit rusty, but they've had a few players step up recently.  always a tough team to win a series against...ask miami!
KNICKS KNICKS KNICKS NYK::If w play the Hawks i think we can.
dslick34::If I had to choose a starting five from all the players in the history of basketball, Melo wouldn't be thought of at all. LeBron? no doubt. LeBron will be one of the greats when all said and done. Melo? Third tier caliber.  Starting Five: PG - Magic SG - Jordan SF - LeBron PF - Barkley C - Shaq
JValle2215::WIlt,Stockton,Def NOt BIRD,Malone,Mr CLutch
EyeNevaLose::Give me Wilt at the 5.
Rocketswin2013 spends more time on Heat board than Rockets::no bird? no hakeem? no timmy duncan or k malone?
dslick34::Backups: PG - Big O SG - Kobe SF - Pippen PF - Duncan C - Hakeem
KNICKS KNICKS KNICKS NYK::Melo isn't better than Lebron but he is better than Durant.
Rocketswin2013 spends more time on Heat board than Rockets::what ever floats your boat
JValle2215::Lebron&gt;Durant&gt;Kobe&gt;Melo
EyeNevaLose::False
EyeNevaLose::Yet his career average is lower.  Weird.
KNICKS KNICKS KNICKS NYK::Better scorer than Lebron for sure though.
Rocketswin2013::I'm out, have a good weekend!
StCloudGopher::The weekend has already passed. You've been on here for so long you still think it's Friday evening. See ya buddy.
Rocketswin2013::I won't lie, i laughed but whatever.
Rocketswin2013 spends more time on Heat board than Rockets::dont come loser
Rocketswin2013 spends more time on Heat board than Rockets::yes sir
Rocketswin2013::Don't be so mad buddy, and keep advertising me while you're at it.
JValle2215::Has Melo even won anything in his nba Career?????
JValle2215::like what and im not talkin all star appearances......cuz everone gets those
KNICKS KNICKS KNICKS NYK::Many things you idiot.
EyeNevaLose::Elaborate please.
LeBron Drinks GOAT Milk::Nada
nhraven5200::A year supply of Honey Nut Cheerios.
dead stuff on fire::its the gift that keeps on giving
Rocketswin2013 spends more time on Heat board than Rockets::5 player of the month awards
StCloudGopher::Carmelo is player of the week, but he's certainly not the MVP.
JUNIORCREAM::This Knicks fan is a moron. Wake up and open your eyes. Melo is not and will not be MVP. He's not even worthy of the MVP
EyeNevaLose::So was JR Smith.  Which proves that anyone can win that.
KNICKS KNICKS KNICKS NYK::MELO IS MVP DEAL WITH IT!
KNICKS KNICKS KNICKS NYK::MELO IS MVP DEAL WITH IT!
EyeNevaLose::Player of the month every month this season.  Deal with it.
KNICKS KNICKS KNICKS NYK::MELO IS MVP DEAL WITH IT!
JValle2215::Said Noone Ever.......
KNICKS KNICKS KNICKS NYK::MELO IS MVP DEAL WITH IT!
Rocketswin2013::Wolves fans are seriously not loyal. I can't believe you can even say that.
StCloudGopher::I'm still picturing that little 4 year old girl pounding the keyboard. Loosen up.
Rocketswin2013::Go do some fist Push-ups.
KNICKS KNICKS KNICKS NYK::MELO IS MVP DEAL WITH IT!
Rocketswin2013 spends more time on Heat board than Rockets::go back to the rockets board
KNICKS KNICKS KNICKS NYK::MELO IS MVP DEAL WITH IT!
Rocketswin2013 spends more time on Heat board than Rockets::This Rockets fan hides here cuz his team is boring
StCloudGopher::http://espn.go.com/nba/attendance/_/year/2012  Seriously, where did all the Rockets fans come from?
Rocketswin2013::Well, we're in the playoffs this year so there's a 1k jump. Just 1k though. Nothing serious like Miami.
dslick34::The NBA should just hand LeBron the MVP now.
JUNIORCREAM::Knicks are trash. Melo had only a few good games. He's not even close to MVP material. Melo is not even in the same category as Leborn
KNICKS KNICKS KNICKS NYK::Just so Melo can take it right out his hands?
dslick34::LeBron is the best player in the game period, and I'm a Bulls fan.
nhraven5200::3 good games doesnt win you an mvp
LeBron Drinks GOAT Milk::I have a trophy Melo can hold
JUNIORCREAM::Another one for the Heat!!! Heat Haters where you at
dead stuff on fire::i just love the heat.  i would massage wade's hot sweaty body with jasmine scented love oil all day!  and again the next day!
Rocketswin2013 spends more time on Heat board than Rockets::is that dumb Rockets fan still here?
LeBron Drinks GOAT Milk::"Kobe is always chasing greatness while LeBron is re defining it."    --JA Andande LA Times 03/11/2013--
EyeNevaLose::Quote of the year.
JValle2215::Whoever thinks Melo is even in Talks of even comeing close to MVP should immediatly cancel there espn.com account
DolphinsCanes66::That's what happens when you gawk at skyscrapers all day!
JValle2215::is he shooting even 50 percent from the field and at least 40 from 3 and does he have his team anywere near 1st place?????
KNICKS KNICKS KNICKS NYK::He is.
EyeNevaLose::Only in New York.  Not in the real world.
LeBron Drinks GOAT Milk::You're not very smart
StCloudGopher::I'm a little surprised. I was shocked to come in here and actually find a Rockets fan. I thought those only existed in the 90's..
EyeNevaLose::Harden
Rocketswin2013::Like i said, real fans. Not team to team bandwagoners like wolves fans.
Rocketswin2013::LOL
StCloudGopher::Wolves fanbase is more loyal than the Rockets fanbase can ever dream of being.
dead stuff on fire::heat are the best team ever...EVER!  i would lick lebron's game used jock, kiss bosh on the lips (with tongue), and even make wade some home cooked lasagna.  i just love them!
StCloudGopher::Rocketswin2013, how many accounts do you have?
Rocketswin2013::*Sigh* Don't even start this crap
