M::21 threes is a lot, but hey, 41 assists in 52 buckets.  That's amazing.  The Knicks had only 19 assists in 44 buckets tonight.  They won, but I know they won't win as many games as the Blazers until they share the ball like this.  My Spurs are N°1 in the NBA averaging 25.4 assists per game as a team and also N°1 in buckets with 41.4 per game which compensate for the very little free throws we get.  Blazers right now challenging the Warriors in best 3pt ptg per game, only 3 teams are averaging over 40%, and that's the Warriors, Blazers and my Spurs.  The WEST is so talented right now, they should have 12 teams in the Playoffs instead of 8.
schmoe::With the tough defense and poor shot selection in today's game I didn't think we'd see any teams putting up 130 pts outside of overtime games. Portland has done it twice in five games. Unbelievable offensive attack.
John::13 players played and scored, and 12 of these players made at least one assist. 41 assists, is that possible?
Tex Rubinstein::I know it's not a good thing, but I'm impressed with Leonard's physicality against Orton. Standing your ground like that may get you some more playing time down the road.
CptSnark::What I want to see is a Blazer team that can consistently come up with those go to plays in the last 20 of a game. Then I will see real hope for a Conference Title and a serous chance for a Championship.
Doug::I hope they trade Meyers Leonard to someone who will use him and he turns into one of the best centers in the league.  My G rated opinion of Stotts is he is a moron.  I have been a Blazer fan from day one and I think Olshey is doing a very good job, but Stotts is the worst coach for developing players that they have ever had.  GO MEYERS!
Anton::Portland bandwagon fans suddenly appear lol...Celebrate when you beat Miami, not a trash like 76ers.
Tony Anthony::Wow. This Portland team is crazy good. We have to start thinking of them as a potential Finals team.
It Was Written::Billy King for executive of the year - building Portland, Atlanta, and Boston overnight
Mike::Portland only has 21 three pointers tonight.
