Anti-Stratfordian::• LeBron has led the Heat in scoring 30 times, in rebounds 21 times <b>and in assists 32 times</b>. • Durant has led the Thunder in scoring 29 times, in rebounds 22 times and in assists only 13 times. &nbsp; LeBron = MVP
Nazi.America_::,
CandySparker::
ViewThis00::pizza hut !  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrIDHVuzt44
mlevkowitz::Nick Young is averaging 97% from the line!?!?? And even that isn’t enough to convince him to attack the rim more. He’s averaging just under three free throws per game, which is part of the reason he’s shooting a mediocre 40-percent from the field. And he wonders why no team overpaid for his services.  http://nyfwc.com/?p=3326
MiloSmalls96::Again ... coaching.  Saunders is blind and needs to be fired.
Imtalking2Texas::rockets need to get D.; Howard
MiloSmalls96::By the way ... you all see Butler and Foye doing their thing in LA!  I don't like Foye, but you have talent up there and he is buying in to the system and playing well.  Butler has always been solid.    The Wizards won't ever get FA superstars because of many things but most importantly ... our team name.  Anything would have been better than the Wizards.  I mean ... the Justice, the Monuments, the Congress, the House ... if you wanted to go all sci-fi ... they should have gone with Warlocks ... but Wizards?  They might as well wear heels and lipstick.  You think it is a coincidence that they are playing so poorly?   Come on Ted ... make some moves already!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Arrgggghhh!
MiloSmalls96::The Wizards need Thomas Robinson.  He's a junior.  Hopefully he'll come out.  He's from DC!!   http://espn.go.com/mens-college-basketball/player/_/id/46114/thomas-robinson  This dude is a beast and can flat out play!
MiloSmalls96::27 &amp; 14 for Robinson tonight against undefeated Baylor.
robpinpa::Blow this ship up.. from the captain to the crew.  The only vlable asset is Wall who the Wiz can create a playoff team around.
big_east27::why was young and mcgee out the WHOLE 4 quarter???
MiloSmalls96::Because Saunders is a bad excuse for a coach.
Brian 856::How come Blantche came back so soon? Is he okay for the future?
LeftLane77::Trade Crawford (shoots too much, plays no D) &amp; Blatche (too slow, doesnt rebound). Bring in character guys who can  score, run with John Wall and follow shots off the backboard aka rebound.  Coach Saunders is a good guy but he may need to go, if not only for his own sake. This team is just bringing him down and it wont change anytime soon. If he goes, he needs to take whoever is coaching the big men with him. The Wizards big men are often undersized and dont seem to have the skills to box-out and follow shots aka rebound. Blatche can't even get his feet off the ground so again he needs to go.
ic0n2900::the wizards are going to suck this year there is no hoping otherwise. I'd rather see wall play like a star among scrubs than just be a scrub among scrubs any day though...and he was scrubbin'. remember when garnett, lebron, kobe (after shaq before gasol), t-mac, iverson...etc... played with scrubs they still shined. It was assumed that if they had better team mates they'd have a better chance at going further into the playoffs and possibly winning a championship. the way wall was playing prior to this game there really wasn't a difference between him and his scrub team mates...hopefully he continues to play at a high level
CandySparker::Cheers Wall's 38 Special!
Ogwilliams::jan +11, might be seeing some more action
Mlaponsky::The Wizards are terrible.
big_east27::Front office and whole coaching staff needs to go!!!
s.molla1993::The Wizards were terrible after the ugly break up of Agent 0, Butler, Haywood and Jamison.
Mlaponsky::Let's not blame the Wiz for that one. Let's blame the fact that Agent 0 is a criminal....and that Haywood was never actually that good.
Trolls Are Us_Suspended account 2::WHATS THE OVER/UNDER ON JOHN WALL LEAVING THIS TEAM = 2.5 YEARS  WITH THE FIRST PICK OF THE 2012 NBA DRAFT, THE WASHINGTON WIZARDS SELECT, ANDRE DRUMMOND, FROM THE CONNECTICUT HUSKIES.  JUST SUMMED UP THE ENTIRE WIZARDS FUTURE IN 2 SENTENCES.  STRATEGERY.
s.molla1993::Complete Mess in DC. Wizards are lacking with team leadership and really needs a veteran leader to mentor these talent young players such as Wall, Crawford, Young and McGee; Am I Right?
big_east27::i would not trade Young I would PLAY him. Rashard, i mean really?? why didn't they cut him at the beginning of the season. Wizards have no GM and Flip isn't the guy. how do you not play mcgee and Young in the 4th, what kind of coaching is that!
MiloSmalls96::Mullet Saunders is terrible.  Just terrible!  Do you think he uses a curling iron to accentuate that flip on the back of his mullet?
mr mellow::Veteran leadership Rashard ( I'm stealing a check ) Lewis.  Sore right knee ahh!  Should have been a salary cap casualty.  Good job Ernie Grunfeld!!!
Polamaluisabeast::i could see a nick young, blatche, and a 2nd rounder in a trade for a disgruntled cousins
mr mellow::Be careful what you ask for check Cousins out thoroughly.  Is he a head case or is he disgruntled?  He may need medication to keep his head on straight.  I'm no doctor but it seems he's got major issues.
MiloSmalls96::I'm with it!  Who can get with Grunfeld??  Ernie, you reading these posts??
MiloSmalls96::You are correct.  Blatche needs to go.  He looks exhausted, overweight and lazy.  He gets paid millions, is he really that apathetic?  It's pathetic.  Also, Nick Young needs to get traded.  I've said it before and I'll say it again ... Cousins and Evans for Blatche and Young ... Straight up swap!
MiloSmalls96::But Cousins wants out and Nick Young has tremendous upside.  Maybe we offer a draft pick and then in the off season pick up a solid FA ... but the offer needs to be made.
ThirdCoastTexan::terrible trade for Sacramento
s.molla1993::Cousins and Evans for Blatche and Young Trade, not bad.
Hans Duo::How can the wizards be this bad with all those draft picks?
mr mellow::It seems that point guards are getting a shot at coaching.  Marc Jackson Keith Smart ( 2nd time ) Give Sam "I am" Cassell a shot he can't do no worse at this point.
xrobologyx::As a Wizards fan I agree with those 2 replies.  The GM is horri-fail, and Flip needs to go.  They need a coach with a spine, forget the X's &amp; O's for now, the culture has to be broken first in my opinion.
MiloSmalls96::... and coach.  Flip Saunders is terrible.  Anyone who thinks it is ok to walk out of the house with a mullet needs to rethink some things.  You all may laugh, but if you are ok walking out of the house with a mullet ... then it makes sense that you are ok with Blatche.  If you think a mullet looks normal, you must confuse Blatche's laziness for hustle.  It's the little things that say so much more!
adajwiz::Their GM!
m4gor::hi guys i missed this match how played Jan Vesely?
sgpinna6::Vesley gave up too much ground on the defensive glass, needs put on some weight and box out better.
MiloSmalls96::Love Vesley.  We just need a GM and coach that can judge talent.  We don't have that right now and our team is nasty.  DC teams make it easy to want to root for other teams.  How are Redskins fans not Ravens fans right now??  I live in LA and in order to watch competitive bball ... I am now beginning to love the Clippers.  How much longer can I rep the Wiz when they treat us fans like crap! It's completely disrespectful.  They don't pay attention to what we want them to do.  If they heard us ... they'd make the necessary changes that we all see they need to make!
m4gor::i see +11 and he defended Scola, i think he is gonna be really good in next 2-3 years
mike Francesca::He played well in this game. Check the boxscore.
Espn Jocky::Should the Rockets tank it this season for  draft pick.......come on you know you want to.....What if they got Howard next season and kept everybody else...they might be pretty good
dval08::I would be ecstatic if Dwight came here...Because i think the Rockets have a solid Front Office, and they could probably do a better job with surrounding him with the necessary supporting cast that he's been yearning for in Orlando. I mean we've had Great players and great teams, it's just too many times we'd be hit with the injury bug at oppurtune times.
gt1master_ike::good game by your rockets dval  my hornets are tanking like crazy right now
dval08::I've said this many times, but I'll say it again...McHale has potential, and I know that people are gonna make a point about the whole Minnesota thing, and how it turned out, but as Long as Daryl Morey remains in charge of personnel, this thing has a chance of working out well.
mike Francesca::He did well coaching. You don't have to worry about his gm skills.
supreme91::who saw mcgee get teabagged??
aazizi::Syracuse could beat the Wizards right now. Bring back Agent Zero.
Polamaluisabeast::except any nba team could beat a college team
dval08::3 In a row!!!...only 19 wins away from the team record!!!
KingGeorge53::There's always the Nationals.
MiloSmalls96::And Caps who are leading the SE!  Let's go Caps!
vegetia1988::Do you know how embarrasing it is to live in DC and have the Wizards and the Redskins as your sports team. Depressing....
dval08::Keep your head up man...
dval08::Wishful thinking, I know...but hey, it doesnt hurt. Gotta focus on the positives.
gt1master_ike::If the wizards have derrick rose in place of wall they would be a .500 team right now
big_east27::nope
Polamaluisabeast::wall needs to take over games like he did today more he was in scoring mode the whole time and ended with 8 assists still key stat is the 2 turnovers......... he needs to be the go to guy!
MiloSmalls96::Wall will get it together.  He has the tools.  He just needs someone other than Flip Saunders as a coach and Andray Blatche as the so called team captain.  F Blatche and F Saunders.
hatenorv::no $@%!, a lot of teams would be better if they had the mvp on their team. What other pick in that draft would you have over Wall? Monroe is the only one thats even close, and wall still has played better overall
phr4Kture::doubtful
chrismdoran::Javelle Magee got nutzed!
oathsky777::All people who look at wall first time he shot 20+fgs look what happen 38 why doesnt he shot 20 times a game he would be dominate!
jahmarcusRuss2::alright wizards!!!!
jahmarcusRuss2::i'm just going off the top of my head but i guarantee this must be the first 35+ performance in NBA history where a 1 or 2 guard has attempted no 3 pointers.
ic0n2900::i bet dwayne wade has a game like that.
unclejulio1993::Kevin McFAIL &gt; fLIP
nicholl08::actually the minnesota wild have a good fanbase.
ThirdCoastTexan::Kevin McFAILed only as a GM...as a coach, he isnt that bad
Boardtrollsarelol::minnesota loser right here... Worst fanbase in the world, for any professional sport minus their beloved Twins.
Rambomonster9::John Wall was a Beas(t).  Finally, what took him so dang long?
Polamaluisabeast::he shot better than 50% so maybe you should rethink that last comment who on the wizards is gonna do that?
oathsky777::look at his fg's
cycycychris::this should be flips last game.Nice come back but could never finish it though.  Good game by Wall hopefully he can keep this up.
mavrick sob::Get out there!!
ThirdCoastTexan::traveling...another star gets a favorable call from the refs. NBA is so crooked
Rambomonster9::Wall &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; volume shooter (Martin)
23germany::name for sure, but not best player   kevin martin would beat him in a 3 point shooting contest using his left hand
ThirdCoastTexan::i agree with the 3 point shooting statement, but i would take Wall over Martin right now if was starting a team
AsburyUKFan::Don't have to be a three point shooter to be a star
unclejulio1993::you're stupid
23germany::wall is not a star
ThirdCoastTexan::which one is false?
AsburyUKFan::False.
ThirdCoastTexan::biggest name on the court for either team
rocketsin05::Wall gets a phantom foul call. Wall traveled anyway!!!
d butler16::Wasnt it just a 5 Pt game Wizards are lazy
Cowboys07SBChamps::Good job weathering the storm
mavrick sob::get out there rockets
cycycychris::that three just just about do it for this game.
knowep::rocketsw not even trying going to blow lead and cover rats
IIIcoast::good call
rocketsin05::Wall is one of a whole host of " scorers " and thats all he does. Reminds me of Steve Francis anmd you remember how far we went with Francis as our best player!!!!
rocketsin05::Francis got 7 assts and 7 rebounds a game to but never took the Rockets anywhere.
hatenorv::doesnt mean he was just a scorer, it just means he was never good enough to take the rockets anywhere. You can't win a title with one good player anyways
CosmoKramer1444::8 assists and 6 rebounds. But all he can do is score. Ok
Rambomonster9::4 steals and a block with good %
ThirdCoastTexan::can someone get in front of that kid please
cycycychris::Wall really has it going tonight!
coverthespread69::hold the f/u/ck on rockets
cycycychris::what a shot!!!! and one!
cycycychris::Wow 12 rebounds by Blatche. He finally does something good in a game.
Wall2WallWizard::no blatche can never be anything good
JPK52186::Wiz gonna win 5 games this year?
cycycychris::i think they can win 10 - 15 but I am starting to dout that.
cycycychris::lol.... thats one of the few things to look forward to now in DC sports.
JPK52186::spring training here yet lol
Wall2WallWizard::Fire Flip bring in someone who will actually play Vesely...
Wall2WallWizard::leonsis is too patient look how long it took to fire boudreau
rocketsin05::The Dalembert signing was huge for this team as we finally have a legit bigman!!!
CosmoKramer1444::Dalembert would've been perfect for the Heat or C's. SMH
ThirdCoastTexan::Rockets are absolutely dominating right now...3rd quarter was all Rockets
