willy9922::at lest bos tryed
gregerrett01::Another Celtic loss - absolutely fantastic.  And getting smashed by the Clips!  Celtic pride is just another media myth, cooked up to appease the Boston fan base.  The city, the team, the fans have no more pride than any other community or fan base supporting their local team.  I hope you keep losing so we don't have to listen or read any more about the C's - just fade away into oblivion.
Iam Your Huckleberry::Say what you want: the road to the Finals still goes thru OKC.  And that's a fact!  Not a T-fan, jus' sayin'.
GASC72::smh at folks sayin "fact" after sayin stuff like this
Squigs1207::Lots of "life long" Clipper fans popping up
oeritsbrian::I'm a "life long" Clippers fan.  I guess I'm a masochist.  I loved watched them from the early 90s with Terry Dehere, Danny Manning, Stanley Roberts, Gary Grant, Loy Vaught, Mark Jackson, Elmore Spencer, and on...
GASC72::i agree, but there really is no way of telling how long someone has been a fan, especially of a team that has been bad for such a long time, basically forever because to many people outside of the sd/la clippers circle, they cannot imagine even being a fan of a losing organization.  its easier to believe that someone has been a llong time laker fan compared to a long time clipper fan.  such a huge % of these crazy talking clipper fans poppin off specifically at the lakers and their fan base havent been around for that long.  those true die hard  clipp fans are out there though, as funny or unbelieveable that may sound
DanoDan68::not a lifelong clipper fan but definitely a lifelong celtic and KG hater.  Love to see them crushed.
mike etheridge::hope they stay on that streak till Jan 4th be sweet to snap it ...Laker fan hating lol
mike etheridge::will say this tho they arent going away gonna have to be dealt with Talented team with cp3 running the show
mike etheridge::not mad the clips are winning but Laker fans arent buying into clippers theyr just like the C's &amp; OKC to me wanna beat em every time we see em
Jeff7Kv::It kinda sucks the Lakers are in a funk as soon as the Clips start winning like gangbusters.....I'd think you LA people would want the NBA Civil War
Jeff7Kv::It's the apocalypse....the Clippers are the #1 team in the NBA right now.  Congrats to any diehards who've stuck with them...it's paying off 30 years later
Lobcity.....win....::Only 15 years of fanship here since i was born.
socialsatyr11::Same ol Clippers
GASC72::u mean to say they are terrible?
mike etheridge::nice W clip show... Laker fan not hating
clippers8130::can someone answer this question for me how did Tyson chandler win Defensive player of the year but finished on the all defensive 2nd team?
clippers8130::this is a really good team even better then people think this team is of know the favorites to win an nba championship
Seskatchewan::I used to dislike M. Barnes before he went to the Clippers. Now I realize he was just in Lakers uniform, and they didn't utlize him AT ALL. Glad he had a great game
GASC72::janessa brazil - the real deal
Road dog Red::Heck.. i wish the Celts were better.. but they are not,, whats to hate,,, I still love em... watching them old men compete is worth an hour and a half of my time,,, and the beat goes ON
Road dog Red::Go Clippers,,, i'll be watching
Bill93360::You guys are pathetic!
Bill93360::hate hate hate! ..ha ha!  Keep it coming!
stoop404::bandwagon? i doubt it, i love the clippers but I will watch any game when they aren't on. Im not bandwagon if i say OKC is fun to watch, hell, i watch the Lakers just to see how horrible they are right now
Bill93360::Source of the real hate...you know the Celts are no where near another title so you jump on another bandwagon! ha ha
stoop404::there are no fans worse than the Lakers
Nightmaresyx::Yankees fans. Yankees Fans &gt; Laker fans
Bill93360::why?  please explain!
Road dog Red::and dang.. i wish the Celtics have DeAndre Jordan...
Bill93360::and hating on the Lakers!
Road dog Red::The fakers are misfits.. Metta World Destruction should be in an insane asylum.. they are to be pitied.. not hated
13Datty40Zetty::Bill Ontario is my favourite troll
Road dog Red::y'all keep talking about history.. the Clips are making HISTORY right in front of yer eyes.. and you don't appreciate it The Clips are for real... I don't see the problem with that unless yer AFRAID... appreciate BASKETBALL
Bill93360::"everything i say is garbage and full of hate"  Signed......Road dog Red
Road dog Red::Seems like the HATERs in here are disjointed, disfigured faker fans who feel like suckers right about now... always said faker fans were the most mean spirited idiots in the basketball world.. can't give credit where credit is DUE
stoop404::@Bill, i get youre narrow minded and bias and really just here to get some kind of attention, but you really haven't made any point here, just rambling on
Bill93360::There is only one mean-spirited, delusional, disfigured fan in here and thats you bro!    Go eat some CHOWDER or something and let me know when you have any good points!
Road dog Red::C'mon.. anyone who doesn't not like watching the Clips.. doesn't like basketball..they play like a TEAM, they are young, they are exciting... Blake can be a lil whiney.. but for the most part he's fun to watch.. they are more mature than OKC and more athletic than Memphis... they don't have a Kobe BallHawg or Dirty Dwayne Wade on their team.... they run, dunk, hit threes, and play defense ...  Im a fan.. a basketball fan FIRST.. and for the last two years.. The CLIPS have become must watch TV... plain and simple
Bill93360::Thats just it...nobody is saying they are not fun to watch.  But before you call them champs just win it first! lol..   Ur missing the whole point!
GASC72::people around the nation can say what they want about the clippers.  bottom line, even if they arent a fan of the clipps, bball heads today are tuning in to see if they won or lost
13Datty40Zetty::change your fu.cking picture
13Datty40Zetty::Doc still has the team in the gym practicing from last night.
Road dog Red::PuhLease... them old men aint running NOWHERE fast
Bill93360::More hate!
GASC72::they runnin suicides still
dannycraq::clippers the best team in basketball and it burns peoples souls
GASC72::its not that we cant be happy, just dont go stupid and say all the things that we hated other fans saying about our squad all those years.  we wanna talk like we are above that kinda attitude then we cant slip up and act a fool now
stoop404::thats funny, as a clipper fan i have seen the bottom, now were are riding high and having a great season and still people claim we have no right to be happy or proud of this season. i really don't care but it is funny to listen to you clip haters try and diminish what is happening right now in the NBA
GASC72::Bill,. i agree.  its embarrassing to go to the games to see and hear these pencil neck geeks talking crazy and poppin bottles during the games.  unfortunately the clipp fan base is filled with people who have no idea what its like to be one of the best, let alone just win games.  i sit back and shake my head sometimes...a lot of the time actually when i hear some of these fellow clippers fans.
Bill93360::says the guy who constantly hates on the Lakers!  Thanks for proving the point!
Road dog Red::Yeah,, the Clips are... people who hate are small people
Bill93360::Its not hate bro!  I think the Clips are playing great ball.  Just love when clips fans are giving them the championship and talking down to the Lakers like they have dominated anything.  It's like you guys win and you still have an inferiority complex with the lakers!
GASC72::just letting the haters validate themselves
Bill93360::US meaning everyone outside Clipper Nation..ha ha!  Clipper Nation makes us laugh too! lol
GASC72::'us" meaning who?
13Datty40Zetty::every person in the world who has heard of the Clippers.
Bill93360::Nah...just makes us laugh when Clips and best team in basketball are used in the same sentence! lol
Road dog Red::Road dog Red - you whine alot   your a pathetic excuse for a C's fan. ================= more cliches predicated on feelings of inferiority... cmon.. don't you want to be different.. even a little
Bill93360::Road dog Red - Pot calling the kettle black.    Typical C's fan!
Road dog Red::Irate Customer And what, in your infinite wisdom, would indicate they suck? Their best record in the NBA? Their best point differential in the NBA? Their quality depth from the bench ====================================== The Clippers suck??? Heavens NO.. they are the most dynamic, exciting team in the NBA to watch.. and they have a solid team. They are must watch TV
Bill93360::You spew allot of non sense!  But hey its a message board.
Bill93360::Nobody ever said they sucked!  They just said their the Clippers.  History says they screw up!  How that turns into Laker bashing is quite funny to me! ha ha
13Datty40Zetty::Road dog Red - you whine alot  your a pathetic excuse for a C's fan.
Road dog Red::you whine alot
13Datty40Zetty::lol Clippers, get me every time.
13Datty40Zetty::I'm the definition of showin' respect where it is due, but when I think of the Clippers I still chuckle a bit. Maybe not in a few years, if they continue this up.
stoop404::so where are all the morons that claimed the Celts were going to roll the Clippers now? thats what i thought, keep your mouth shut, theres a reason youre on a blog and not in the NBA
stoop404::there was some serious trash talk on here yesterday. i think its funny now all you C fans have to make excuses why you lost
Bill93360::Is there a fan who doesn't think their team can win?  I mean come on!
GASC72::i didnt believe we could win until this season
Road dog Red::Well.. im sure plenty of people thought pacquiao would beat marquez.. then.. yeah.. you know the rest
13Datty40Zetty::my mouth is wide open
Bill93360::says the tough guy behind the keyboard! lol
Road dog Red::I wonder if Chris Kaman misses LA now... lol
GASC72::and yes you so called clipper fans, chris kaman was an all star
GASC72::he was our last all star before 2012, and looked really bad in the game.  i blame him specifically  for making the choices for fans to not include a C specifically for the all star game
Road dog Red::lol
Road dog Red::Why Lakers deserve bashing:    1. Kobe is a BallHawg 2. Kobe is a Selfish BallHawg 3. Kobe is a Selfish overhyped ballHawg 4. No team basketball (nash is the exception)  5.. Laker fans are stupid and stuck up.  =================== Yeah... thats more like it .
Bill93360::more hate here too....but you don't do that do you?  you call people who hate small...lol
Bill93360::blah blah blah...always bashing and never spewing truth.  Get some facts and come see me!
Bill93360::Anything bashing the Lakers coming from a Celtic fans is garbage!
Road dog Red::and oh yeah... watching the Fakers is like watching the WWE... one keeps waiting to see how the refs are going to impose themselves so Kobe can get a win... and YES even a Celtics fan know this
GASC72::only the clippers are capable of winning 15 straight and having the best record in the nba and still have people saying they suck
niners777::They are the Clippers. A LOT of bad history. Season is young.
Irate Customer::I haven't heard one person say they suck.  They are really good.  And looking at their starting five minutes, they are going to be good all season and into the playoffs.  They have the best point differential in the NBA to boot.  They are the real deal.
Road dog Red::The Clippers suck??? Heavens NO.. they are the most dymanic, exciting team in the NBA.. and they have a solid team
GASC72::dont get it twisted, i dont think they suck.  its just hilarious when people seriously believe that they stand no chance to win the clip.  thats ignorance or plain hate through denial
Irate Customer::And what, in your infinite wisdom, would indicate they suck?  Their best record in the NBA?  Their best point differential in the NBA?  Their quality depth from the bench?
Road dog Red::I have... on this very thread
13Datty40Zetty::I like Cousin's and his anti social personality cause it's the same as mine. Will bring some more hardness to the C's.
impalass543::$@%! throw green in there
impalass543::i wouldnt give up bradley thou $@% dat
13Datty40Zetty::no never!!! like bass, lee, picks and stuff. not best perimeter  d guard
Road dog Red::It will be interesting thi year to see how far the clips go... they are only a Blake Griffin next level of maturity from the whole shebang
NBA20002::William Hung    Ricky Martin
Bill93360::who says "shebang"....lol
GASC72::real talk
ClipsRunLA::blake griffin's commercials &gt; kevin durant's commercials
Crooklynism::What da fluck is a Clipper anyway??!!
GASC72::its a ship, peep the old sd clippers logo
rogerzcard::s state farm agent
Road dog Red::A NBA player with a lot of swag these days
ClipsRunLA::Why Lakers deserve bashing:  1. They got no future 2. Their Old 3. Kobe is a ball hog 4. No team basketball (nash is the exception) 5. They got the best starting 5 but they suck. 6. Laker fans are stuck up. 7. They got no promising young players.  8. Bench is trash 9. They are over salary cap 10. They need their starters to play almost 40 mins a game.
13Datty40Zetty::I use to have Bass' back but with out him that midrange jumper he is useless.
13Datty40Zetty::So Clipper fans sense your the best team in NBA is the JAz win tonight they will be the best team right?
ClipsRunLA::We ain't like Laker fans that don't know $@%! around the league and just cheers for kobe cause thats the only laker they know lmao
Irate Customer::13Datty40Zetty - majority of your fans use to be laker fans  Majority of their good bench players used to be Lakers.
13Datty40Zetty::majority of your fans use to be laker fans
ClipsRunLA::CLIP fans ain't as stuck up as you think so  quit hating
ClipsRunLA::Jazz are very good in their home court. They have a great chance to win this game.
ChristineKilburn::Damn, the Clippers are deep on that bench!  As a C's fan, when the other team takes 27 more shots from the floor than we do, but we committ twice the number of turnovers, it's gonna be a long night...  PP &amp; KG are trying but fading...  quickly...  No center and no bench depth spells an #8 seed at best.
13Datty40Zetty::yea I know, it's cause our back up big 3 (Lee, Terry, Green.) have been pathetic for us.
GatorsChomp1019::Clips are the one of the Nastiest Teams in the NBA right now, Lakers fans all you have is the Past to back you up right now. Just give credit when credits due. Clips are LA right now Lakers are the Laugh of LA right now.
niners777::I am a Lake fan and can tell you that the Gator Chomper is correct in his assessment. We are will continue to be a joke under the D'Antoni system of failure. Jim Buss doomed us as a serious club when he got but t hurt over Phil wanting to take the weekend to think about it and made a bad decision. Lakers will be entertaining at best but it won't amount to anything in the end. Lakers should buy out Mikes remaining 12 million and beg Jackson's forgiveness before he ends up in some arm pit like Brooklyn.
niners777::The only guy happy in all this is Kobe who gets to yank up 20 shots a night
Bill93360::Lakers will never be the laugh of LA.  Lakers fans give you credit for the ball you are playing but all you Clips fans do is come on here and post how much the Lakers suck.  Lakers won the title in 2010 so the past is not that long ago and we have reached the playoffs almost every year.  The real laugh is the Clips and their thinking that they are legit when all they are is a good story right now.
niners777::True that Clips haven't done anything to warrant smack but Magic was correct in saying show-time has returned to LA but it's happens to be the Clips.
13Datty40Zetty::thank you.
Syrindge::Clippers played some nice bball last night. Love how they are moving the ball right now. Crawford and especially Barnes will be back to Earth soon however.
GASC72::barnes is high as a kite right now.
ClipsRunLA::THERES NO TEAM IN THE NBA THAT CAN MATCH THE TALENT, ATHLETISM, COMRADARIE, DEPTH, HEIGHT, AND STRENGTH OF THE CLIPPERS
impalass543::like i said enjoy it bro , jus remember i told u
ClipsRunLA::gotcha brother. memphis was streakin too.
ClipsRunLA::THATS LITERALLY WHAT HAPPENED, CLIPS BEAT MEMPHIS IN A 7 GAME SERIES!
ClipsRunLA::LMAO,  i aint even bashing memphis.
ClipsRunLA::but you're right ill enjoy it while it lasts definitely.
ClipsRunLA::who won the series last year??? i bet you doubted it too. guess who advanced?
13Datty40Zetty::dude your such a punk kid
impalass543::remember teams peak n drop n every sport, rite now ur peakn so enjoy it but 2 think u can get memphis n a series i doubt it
sly86921::Hey idiot. They already beat meph last year. Beat them this year. Just beat spurs twice. Meph has been struggling too. The clips have better chance of winning the series then meph
13Datty40Zetty::lol don't forget SA, OKC
ClipsRunLA::thats why i love the clippers, they were the underdogs and now they are the hottest team in NBA. the ANYTHING CAN HAPPEN part proves it. LOVED how cp3 had an impact on our team. LA is now run by the CLIPPERS
impalass543::they think they got dis n the bag like miami
13Datty40Zetty::yea I know right. They are respectable for 2 years and all of a sudden they feel like they're the Boston Celtics or LA Lakers. Never forget you are the Clippers and well win streak is impressive. Need A LOT more to win over people after all those bad bad years.
impalass543::hell yea
ClipsRunLA::memphis also has no 3 pt shooting
GASC72::13Datty40Zetty - that was last year, doesn't matter if you added people. I know you clips fans ain't familiar with playoffs so I'll let you in on a little secrete. ANYTHING CAN HAPPEN!   this is what you call false  hope inspired by fear
sly86921::You are right so why can't clips win the whole thing?
13Datty40Zetty::that was last year, doesn't matter if you added people. I know you clips fans ain't familiar with playoffs so I'll let you in on a little secrete. ANYTHING CAN HAPPEN!
impalass543::memphis aint no pushovers
impalass543::yea ok
ClipsRunLA::man, we beat memphis game  7 on their home court last season without all these additions
impalass543::memphis would get yall n a series
GatorsChomp1019::I agree, but Depth you have to go look at the Hawks. I don't think anyone compares to the Clips or Hawks in Depth. Nuggets would be mentioned somewhere close to 3rd.
GatorsChomp1019::What's funny is 3 of my friends who are and were Lakers fans all of a sudden love the Clippers now. Which is prolly true for someof the LA clips fans
niners777::and their still your freinds? I got no room for band-wagon friends
ClipsRunLA::ALL THE CLIPPER HATIN, I LOVE IT!!!! CLIPS STILL THE UNDERDOG TO ANALYST AND NBA TEAMS EVEN WITH 15 IN A ROW AND THEY WILL WIN IT ALL
ClipsRunLA::how much do you make from the odds?
GatorsChomp1019::they're usually -120 during this streak but sometime even -105 but they were +1.+2 and +3 once in the beginning of the streak and I put 250 everytime and won 570. So overall Clips streak has gotten me about 3800. Have been very blessed to keep winning.
GatorsChomp1019::I dont think Clips have been the Underdog but in 3 games this year. I been riding their streak in Vegas and its been Paying!
ClipsRunLA::CLIPPERSSSSSSSS WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
jwright003::i'd still take the heat or thunder in an all-or-nothing series
Xiu Li::It's all on Ainge. This celtics team should have started rebuilding years ago.
highly debatable with extra sauce::how can people jump that high...i can maybe get six inches off the ground...maybe
highly debatable with extra sauce::5'11 and 150...im as white as they come
starfox112::lose a few pounds,lol maby change race also,haha
13Datty40Zetty::I'd still rather be a Celtic than a Clipper.
sly86921::So you like not seeing a winning future?
bmorgan0927::Dwight Howard will be a Sixers next year
jeremyG1995::Paul Pierce is still a beast tho
impalass543::d cousins on the radar for Cs, but i think they want sully fab bradley wat u think???
impalass543::wouldnt give up bradley for sure
13Datty40Zetty::I would never do that
Camilo441::do it
Pun1sher7::sullinger just did what he had to do to stop himself from getting dunked on, i didn't see anything flagrant worthy
impalass543::its the celtics u knw they get no ref help come on
Bill93360::Team Names: Los Angeles Clippers, San Diego Clippers, Buffalo Braves  Seasons: 43; 1970-71 to 2012-13 Record: 1270-2155, .371 W-L%  Playoff Appearances: 8 Championships: 0   Team Names: Los Angeles Lakers, Minneapolis Lakers  Seasons: 65; 1948-49 to 2012-13 Record: 3139-1931, .619 W-L%  Playoff Appearances: 59 Championships: 16   Nuff said.....come back when you can get some ZERO'S out of the important columns!
mikeychan78::well we all got to start somewhere right?
highly debatable with extra sauce::Must be proud to have a team name that has no relevance of the area
highly debatable with extra sauce::might as well be the vikings (lack of norwegians), wild (in a densely populated city), and T'wolves (well come on)
