blazzn92::If bynum plays like this every game or even better...he could be looking at a MIP and a MVP
Bucman456::Dwight is still better than Bynum, in case anybody forgot.
steve_mcnair::Here's how the experts see the West:  1. Thunder 2. Blazers 3. Mavs 4. Denver 5. Spurs 6. Lakers 7. Clippers 8. Houston  meow!!!
OFrog::The same experts had the Lakers winning the West and the Heat winning it all last season.
This is Los Angeles::What happens when Bynum gets in game shape and gets even better?
McSorlee::not 1, not 2, not 3... The Lakers are gonna chase down not only the Celtics but the Yankees too if Bynum can stay healthy and motivated.
DodgersWinWS08::Might be looking at an MVP if he stays healthy and plays like last night consistently....
OFrog::Uh no.
genjeskhan::black mamba definitely had a much better, bounce back game. but i still believe 29 shots is WAY too many. he should max out at 20, and look to pass more to bynum the BEAST!
hawks14533::Anyone can put up 37 points if they take as many shots as Kobe
rex_coach::even you!  on PS3
OFrog::It's hard not to beast against a team that starts Jordan Hill at center, and then brings in I try once every few games Dalambert. I guess Thabeet has not worked out either. Gigantic hole in the post with a team that was counting on Yao.
OFrog::therein lies the problem, you need the floor spacing for bigs to operate in paint. One reason Bynum is excelling is Kobe draws defenders out. But then instead of kicking to another shooter, he just forces it. They could use a more balanced offense, but coach Brown is in over his head there.
DodgersWinWS08::Kobe can take as many shots as he wants if he shoots 48% like last night. The other reason he needs to keep shooting a lot is to take focus away from our bigs opening up high percentage looks.
genjeskhan::i have been a kobe defender for a very long time, but i'm starting to get angry at the amount of shots he is taking. that's why i made the comment that he should max out at 20 FGA a game, which is not outrageous for a SG. bynum should be the 1B scoring option on the team, and on some nights just 1 period.
OFrog::He is playing great no doubt. On a team with close to no other options. But he has also been lucky in match ups. Tell you one thing, I'd pound the ball into him way before I'd have Kobe launching contested j's.
genjeskhan::bynum has been beasting ever since he returned, not just last night against "a team that starts jordan hill"
SIX7KID::SHOULD PASS TO BYNUM AND PAU
genjeskhan::i agree, but pau is also the most effective when he's down low with andrew, battling for rebounds. hence the lakers need for another decent shooting guard to compliment kobe.
SIX7KID::PAU HAS TO BE AT THE HIGH POST THEY BOTH CAN'T BE DOWN LOW CROWDING UP THE PAINT AND PAU SHOT FROM THAT DISTANCE IS PRETTY GOOD
OFrog::Yup, but he won't, and has said he won't.
genjeskhan::more bynum, pau should become the third option from now on. gasol spends WAY too much time hangin out at the free throw line, or even further out. a 7 footer should not be waiting around the perimeter to shoot jumpers all day.
steve_mcnair::Trivia question:  Who's best know as "Mr. 25%"?  a) Kobe Bryant (because he only plays the fourth quarter) b) Steve Blake (because that's his fg shooting %) c) Mitt Romney (because no matter how long and how hard he campaigns, he never gets over 25% of the vote)   meow!!!
steve_mcnair::Steve,   you are by FAR the most creative, intelligent poster on this board!  I LOVE you, man!  meow!!!
steve_mcnair::hissssssssssssssssssssss!!!
OFrog::Where's my air sickness bag.
steve_mcnair::purrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
SIX7KID::LAKERS TOOK 20 LESS SHOTS THAN HOUSTON  AND HALF AS MANY 3'S THAN HOUSTON  AND STILL WON.   LAKERS NEED TO KEEP FEEDING GASOL AND BYNUM AND THAT WILL OPEN UP THE EASY 3'S FOR BLAKE , KAPONO AND KOBE.
fluidtheA.R.A.B::i,m dissapointed with martins contribution on offense ..lowry played good so did scole but martin was nowhere ...and why cant the rockets hold on to a lead for 1 minute ...i dont see the rockets going nowhere soon ..mchale is a dead coach and his judgement stinks
fluidtheA.R.A.B::dalembert 13,7 million two year contract ...what a waste of money ..
OFrog::Horrible signing, they would have been much better resigning Hayes. Dalamberts went from making 13 mil per, to half price, to might as well not show up. He has a contract that pays him less the next year, and only for 2 years. Not a lot of believers out there.
OFrog::Losing Adelman for McHale was worst thing that could happen. Martin can score, but you just don't get anything else out of him, and he is struggling out of the gate this season. Lowry has been a huge surprise.
OFrog::Adelman did what he could with a crap roster. T Mac and Yao Ming were counted on. McHale just makes crap rosters. Adelman has already turned around a disaster T Wolf team, even more than I thought possible. McHale is not the answer, not even close.
nba is the worst::Too soon to judge, given how long Adelman was there, sometimes a change is best.  If McHale can get improvement out of Hill and Dalembert, maybe the team won't rely so much on threes
jaylee883::clippers giving up 3rd most points in the nba lmfao
Ball-aholic::you sound like a real clown.
Zonker40::Their stars don't really play defense... CP3 in particular is the classic PG who can get a steal every now and then but can't stay in front of anybody.  Honestly he can't stop anybody any better than Fish can...
cdub2103::Are you a Lakers fan Zonker. Because I'm worried about how rational you're sounding.
yosi24::hahaha bunch of midgets  undersized at EVERY position
BlkMexMamba_Remixed::Three options to watch fellow NBA fans.... 1. Lakers v Heat  2. Lakers v Bulls  3. Lakers v Celtics
cdub2103::It's pretty unclear what your point is. But I'm guessing you think that those are the only possible Finals matchups. Which is absurd.
OFrog::He's not even a NBA fan, so not sure where the fellow comes from.
cdub2103::Not even a little bit biased. No.
Zonker40::He's no Lakers fan, that much is clear.
OFrog::Regular season games?
socialsatyr11::Kobrick
jaylee883::cdub stop talking out of the side of your neck kobe is averaging 6 assists a game maybe if you watched basketball you would understand some of this
cdub2103::...and 22 FGAs. thats a pretty good ratio.
yosi24::he threw that brick off the glass, caught it, and went koswish
cdub2103::The "Kobe assist". The only way he knows how to get them.
OFrog::Bynum playing great, Kobe being Kobe. But this team has serious issues. Way too slow on perimeter, transition. Depth is nonexistant. PG unreliable on a good night, sf bad top to bottom. Lakers beat some bad teams at home, that's it. Road trip coming up going to be a real eye opener.
OFrog::Lakers have and will both struggle on the road vs. quick teams.
jaylee883::lakers are fine , their bench is aight there starters are great they have the best pf c combo in the nba by far and one of the best sg ever
OFrog::They have one lucky quality win vs. Denver, on a missed lay up. Otherwise beating up nonPlayoff teams in Rockets and Utah and a decimated NY squad playing Bibby. And those were at home.
Zonker40::We could argue they have one of the top 2 at three positions... Wade/Kobe, Howard/Bynum, Dirk/Gasol.
Zonker40::Yeah yeah... and OKC has lost two straight and the Heat look like crap against zone defenses.
OFrog::Actually Kidd was playing D on Lebron quite often. Stevenson, and Marion really were a huge factor. How did Chandler force Lebron to shoot low % treys? It was team D, all the way through the playoffs.
Zonker40::They didn't get to the rim because Chandler kept LeBron from getting to it... Bynum has a similar ability to dominate in the paint.  And yes, I watched the entire Finals... a poor defensive team beat the Heat with a zone.
OFrog::What? Did you even watch the Finals? Heat barely got to the rim. Lakers perimeter defense is raggedy slow.
Zonker40::All you need to play zone against the Heat is one good defensive player to cover the rim... Dallas sucks at defense but they did that with Chandler and it frustrated LeBron in every fourth quarter.  So yeah... just have Bynum cover the rim.
OFrog::Lakers could not play zone if they had to. Way, way too slow to cover areas. Not a sheep following ESPN writers teams either.
This is Los Angeles::The Lakers have been winning Championships for a really, really long time huh?
jaylee883::cdub since 1980 lakers 10 titles celtics 4 enough said
cdub2103::Almost as long as the Celtics.
cdub2103::Facts.
Zonker40::Kevin McHale played on three championship teams and was the MVP of a fourth...
Zonker40::Not since half the Miami fanbase was born but...
BlkMexMamba_Remixed::Yes.. and they will continue to win
jaylee883::McNair is obviously not a lakers fan
steve_mcnair::HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!
Zonker40::Well it's not like they've been in seven of the last twelve Finals or anything...
jcmaggi::Not at all
BlkMexMamba_Remixed::Lakers will Beat any team in the NBA in a 7 game series... starting...............NOW!..   haters dont bring up the past..
jaylee883::lakers 16 titles , 10 since the 80's enough said
cdub2103::Who's arguing with you about the success of the Lakers in the past?
This is Los Angeles::Stop talking about the Clippers like they are not still a joke
jaylee883::cdub how did the clips do in the playoffs last year? Oh thats right they watched it on tv.......
cdub2103::No.
cdub2103::Am I a clippers fan?
Zonker40::Past?  Don't bring up all the success and all the rings?  So you're not a Lakers fan...
BlkMexMamba_Remixed::Are you callin yourself a troll? oh, well thats brave of you. im proud of you man!.. well did you wanna talk about the Lakers or not?
Zonker40::Great... one of my own is a self-absorbed troll.  Most days I'd rather talk to a Heat fan on his first day of ever seeing basketball.
BlkMexMamba_Remixed::i dont need to bring it up, i know my team is better than anyone with of without the past success.. If ur insecure about them, u can bring it up..
cdub2103::.
cdub2103::Los Angeles Lakers 86, Dallas Mavericks 122
Zonker40::More like 17-1 but it's nice to see Dirk finally get his one.
BlkMexMamba_Remixed::..... u would...
jaylee883::bynum averaging 22.7 pts 17 boards a game, damn he is coming into his own fast!
steve_mcnair::Look.  If Lakers have to play both Blazers and Thunder in playoffs, they may get by one, but NOT both.  In fact, I don't see us getting past either.  We need to get every win available so we can at LEAST avoid one of these teams in the playoffs.  meow!!!
jaylee883::if you think the lakers have a chance at finishing 7th or 8th you are either an idiot or not a lakers fan.
This is Los Angeles::Neither team has anybody that can stop Kobe and Bynum. Perkins is chump change.
Zonker40::Blazers?  You mean the guys with one great player and a small forward whose game doesn't translate to the playoffs?  Only a Blazers fan would even include them in that conversation.
steve_mcnair::true dat!  meow!!!
steve_mcnair::although I live in Portland, I don't consider myself a blazer fan.  i bleed purple and yellow.  meow!!!
BlkMexMamba_Remixed::I guess he's a "laker fan"....
jaylee883::um no lakers can take either of those teams in a 7 game series if you are scared to face them you are not a true lakers fan kick rocks
steve_mcnair::HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!
steve_mcnair::that means we cannot be the #7 or #8 seed as these two teams will finish 1, 2.  meow!!!
boom.shaka.::JUMBACO
jaylee883::eric gordon already hurt.....great trade stern
jaylee883::lol
BlkMexMamba_Remixed::"Basketball Reasons"
This is Los Angeles::Bynum is one BIG BEAST
This is Los Angeles::Bynum is the best C in the NBA
cdub2103::I think Dwight Howard would disagree.
jaylee883::how are the t wolves doing by the way........
cdub2103::Love is the great white hope.
cdub2103::...and a jumpshot
boom.shaka.::He's Bill Lambier without the cheap shots.
cdub2103::Bynum is a punk.
This is Los Angeles::Because he punks every center in the NBA?
Zonker40::23 and 17... Kevin Love is 25 and 15...
Zonker40::As if I give a $@%! what you think...
BlkMexMamba_Remixed::This was an "A" and "B" conversation... imma need you to "C" your way out...
BlkMexMamba_Remixed::Like a MUHAFUCKA!! lol
steve_mcnair::Look, I'm not for the wussiness that pervades sport.  QB penalties are out of control.  But for people who glamorize the Detroit Pistons of the nineties are sick f***s.  They were thugs and if you cite them as examples of manliness, you deserve to be shot in the head.....like me.  meow!!!
jaylee883::wtf
BlkMexMamba_Remixed::WTF are you talking about? lol
steve_mcnair::you didn't hear?  some iranian nut job shot me in the head a couple years ago.  I have a gaping head wound.  meow!!!
cdub2103::When is the first Lakers-Clippers game. I can't wait for Kobe to pretend like it doesn't bother him that the Clippers are going to win more games than the Lakers this year.
socialsatyr11::All they want to do is dunk? All the other teams have to do is STOP them.
buller23::only in ur dreams.  lakers are better. clippers r a highlight reel but the lakers r the better team period
jaylee883::the clips are weak on defense and have like 6 bum knees on their team lets see them do something before crowning them
This is Los Angeles::Clippers are garbage. They don't know how to play basketball yet. It's like watching a High School team with hops - all they want to do is dunk
BlkMexMamba_Remixed::Thats all they have
cdub2103::No, the Clips have guard play.
BlkMexMamba_Remixed::Clippers are a Lame-R heat
BlkMexMamba_Remixed::Clippers?? didnt they get that one dude with a bum knee.. and the other guy who knows how to jump... yeah.. not a threat
kobebetterthanbron::So far, Clippers 3-2 and Lakers 4-3 about even to me!
cdub2103::Well luckily they play a full season
In the 4 major sports Atlanta has 1 title in 153 seasons::30 SHOT attempts and typical Kobe
socialsatyr11::Yeah, they wouldn't have won unless he took 30 shots to get those 37 points.
boom.shaka.::Actually, "typical" Kobe is 19.8...his career attempts per game.
jaylee883::kobe 37pts 8 reb 6 ast your really going to hate on that? Your trippin fool
SIX7KID::KOBE NEEDS TO KEEP HIS FG'S AT 20-24 BYNUM NEEDS 15 FGS PAU NEEDS 15 FGS THE REST CAN BE DISTIBUTED BETWEEN THE REMAINDER OF THE TEAM LAKERS STILL NEED A SWINGMAN WHO CAN CREATE THEIR OWN SHOT
kobebetterthanbron::How did Kupchak pass over Norris Cole in the draft with the Lakers glaring need at point guard in favor of Andrew Goudelock? That was a TERRIBLE mistake!
jaylee883::because the lakers did not pick til the 2nd round and norris cole went in the 1st round
boom.shaka.::Don't confuse the issue.
cdub2103::hindsight is 20/20
kobebetterthanbron::Riley or whoever scouted him did a hell of a job! Norris Cole is a very good player! Kupchak missed the boat on that one!
Zonker40::Lots of people passed on Norris Cole... you trying to tell me you were psychic back then and knew who the hell the kid was?
esdukbrownsnats::Kobe is still way better than Lebron
BlkMexMamba_Remixed::oh of course
kobebetterthanbron::I want to hear more people on here saying how Kobe is washed up, also cheer it in the arenas where he plays! All this does is fuel him and motivate him just like it did MJ to go out and destroy your team and shut you up!!
esdukbrownsnats::agreed and great name
boom.shaka.::First five at home and only 4-3.  I'm more than a little worried abut the Lakers playing 13 of 17 on the road in Jan-February.  Need to take advantage of these early games while they can.
kobebetterthanbron::The Chicago loss hurt! They would be 5-2 and should have won that game being up 11 points with 3 minutes to go. They will make the playoffs though. They will have to win on the road in the playoffs as I expect Portland or OKC to have home court in the West.
packers92656::bynum is in beast mode
xenakicksbutt::KOBE IS KING
Larry Emelianenko::KING OF YOUR AS S HOLE
xenakicksbutt::KOBE IS KING
Mop8593::kobes still got it
xenakicksbutt::STEVE YOUR NOT A LAKERS FAN YOU FAKE A..S..S.. FOOL
xenakicksbutt::STEVE YOUR NOT A LAKERS FAN YOU FAKE A..S..S.. FOOL
Larry Emelianenko::The Lakers are back after beating great teams like the Jazz, Knicks, Nuggets and Rockets.
xenakicksbutt::LAKERS NEVER WENT NOWHERE, JUST CAUSE WE LOST TO DALLAS LAST YEAR DONT MEAN S..H..I..T WE THE BEST AND WILL WHEN 50GAMES OR MORE
xenakicksbutt::LAKERS NEVER WENT NOWHERE, JUST CAUSE WE LOST TO DALLAS LAST YEAR DONT MEAN S..H..I..T WE THE BEST AND WILL WHEN 50GAMES OR MORE
Larry Emelianenko::Im not denying it those teams theyve beaten are no joke its hard to get wins over them.
xenakicksbutt::KOBE PLAY A FULL 48MINS HE GET 50PTS
xenakicksbutt::KOBE PLAY A FULL 48MINS HE GET 50PTS
xenakicksbutt::ITS STUNNING HOW KOBE MADE 14FGS AND HAD 37PTS IN 37MINS BY THE WAY A LIL SIDE NOTE KOBE HAD 28PTS AFTER THE 3RD.
xenakicksbutt::ITS STUNNING HOW KOBE MADE 14FGS AND HAD 37PTS IN 37MINS BY THE WAY A LIL SIDE NOTE KOBE HAD 28PTS AFTER THE 3RD.
SupaFlySlammaJammazzz::Wouldn't it be better if he changed his name to - Metta Betta Shoota...
ban94shee::It stunning to see Kobe get all them touch fouls...The ref doesnt blow the whistle when kobe does the same to another player.
kobebetterthanbron::What's funny is that Kobe really doesn't get most of the foul calls he should and this is because he complains after everything he thinks should be a foul and refs get tired of it and don't call stuff just to p**s him off!
xenakicksbutt::suck balls lame
xenakicksbutt::suck balls lame
xenakicksbutt::suck b..a..l..l..s lame fool
xenakicksbutt::suck b..a..l..l..s lame fool
boom.shaka.::Did you happen to catch MJ's dribble right, push left game winner against Utah?  Stars have always gotten preferential treatment from the Refs and they always will.  It's a little thing I like to call, "reality"
kobebetterthanbron::Airing this evening at 9PM Eastern on ESPN is the latest 30 for 30 film "the Best That Never Was", the story of how LeBron's pro career fell FAR short of expectations. I have heard it is a very good film that is essentially a remake of the Marcus DuPree film, they just switched athletes!!
boom.shaka.::2 MVPs and 2 trips to Finals in 7 years is falling "FAR short of expectations"?  Guess the dude is washed up at 27.
boom.shaka.::So you're judging him on other people's expectations?  That's kina pathetic.
kobebetterthanbron::That was not my expectations of him! ESPN had him billed as the greatest EVER coming into the league! He is not even CLOSE to that!
boom.shaka.::I think that says more about your expectations than anything else.
kobebetterthanbron::Yes, when you come into the league and are billed as the GOAT, that is falling FAR short of expectations!!!
Art_Lucy::I heard it's hosted by Delonte West.
kobebetterthanbron::It is co-hosted by Marcus DuPree and Ryan Leaf and features montages of Heat and Cavs fans saying wait until next year!!!
xenakicksbutt::what happen to ebanks
kobebetterthanbron::I have been wondering that as well. I though Ebanks was playing really well! He shot 3-4 and 4-5 in the first 2 games and then he is benched in favor of Matt Barnes? WTF??
kobebetterthanbron::Agreed. Ebanks reminds me alot of Ariza although he can't hit the three yet. They could definitely use his athleticism at least off the bench! I think he would be a better backup for Kobe than Kapono!
boom.shaka.::Barnes is a better defender than Ebanks, but I'd still like to see more of Ebanks -- Barnes just isn't <i>that</i> good.
xenakicksbutt::what happen to ebanks
tonystarks26::Don't sleep on the Lakers folks.
ZachC1965::We might sleep watching 'em play...
kobebetterthanbron::He is a LeBron nut hugger!!!
NFLNLA2014::Your team is who?
tmohr48::Go Lakers .... I wonder if Odom is happy with his move to Dallas?
ZachC1965::At least Odom will be playing in front of real fans now, and not a bunch of sleazy know-nothings...  LA fans are known for leaving early and knowing very little about the sport...oh, and for bandwagon-jumping too of course!
kobebetterthanbron::You mean like your being a bandwagon Heat fan????????
boom.shaka.::who's "sleazy"?
tonystarks26::You a funny guy
boom.shaka.::Leave Mr. The Fat Kardashian alone...it's a process.
SupaFlySlammaJammazzz::Kobe - "The only Triangle offense I play now is between Vanessa and Carla!"
steve_mcnair::I pray to GOD that when we get behind the Blazers by 30 in the 4th that we don't take another cheap shot at a Blazer driving in for a dunk.  Considering how old we are, we can't afford another player to get suspended!  meow!!!
tmohr48::No worries, the Lakers will build a tight fit chemistry by All Star break, if not sooner.  Go Lakers ... be tough on defense in Portland
boom.shaka.::LOL -- they showed McHale clotheslining Rambis on the pregame show and were joking that McHale wasn't even ejected from the game.  More proof of the wussification of America.
boom.shaka.::LOL...I don't think Rick Mahorn would have finished a single game today.
kobebetterthanbron::I remember the Jordan rules also. Detroit used to lay MJ out repeatedly and he just went to the line and knocked down his free throws. There were no flagrant fouls then. Sports in general has become sissified. You cannot touch the QB in football without getting a penalty.
steve_mcnair::true dat.  btw, i'm a MAN'S man!  meow!!!
NFLNLA2014::What's with the meowing dude, are you a fan of Hello Kitty or something?
steve_mcnair::I'm a metrosexual man kitty from West Hollywood...but I'm NOT gay!  meow!!!
StompOnFailtics::Hey do you fellas know that the Lakers are top 5 in team defense?
kobebetterthanbron::We desperately need a point guard, though. Also, I don't like our backup bigs (Murphy and McBob). Hopefully Caracter can contribute when he comes back.
boom.shaka.::REALLY?
boom.shaka.::REALLY?
jcmaggi::yup, top in fg% and 7th in points allowed
xenakicksbutt::LAKERS TOP  5 IN DEFENSE
