KBells87::I keep saying it. Watch out for this part of the schedule if you are a Spurs fan. Almost all of their remaining games are against playoff teams. If the Spurs make it through with only a couple of losses, then I'll believe they are a legitimate contender. Not a good start.
amtrack5::Harden gets superstar treatment even though he's not really a full-fledged superstar.  Interesting.  I still don't see how Harden is the "Spurs-killer" ppl keep talking about.
SwaffMan::The Rockets weren't lifted by Harden's late jumper, they were lifted by his 17 free throws. Refs continue to be fooled by his absurd flopping. He only scored 14 from the field. 15 of his points were scored on free throws because they keep sending him to the line. He shot almost as many free throws as the Spurs all by himself. That's ridiculous. They HAVE to stop getting fooled by his flopping. It's ridiculous.
slam_dunk_on_u::The pathetic spurts and Rockets would have been tied in the season series2-2 if it wasn't for the spurts killer sitting out a game due to ankle injury....(Harden being the spurts killer)
slam_dunk_on_u::The pathetic spurts and Rockets would have been tied in the season series2-2 if it wasn't for the spurts killer sitting out a game due to ankle injury....(Harden being the spurts killer)
detus::-
detus::Id rather lose the less important game to the Rockets keeping the Lakers in the 8th spot and win the big ones like Nugs, Clips, Mia. Hopefully Spurs play like they did after the loss to the Blazers
trrockets::The Spurs win three out of four vs. the Rockets this season, &amp; yet Spurs fans whine about one loss?  The Spurs are a classy organization; it's too bad that so many of their fans are not....  GO ROCKETS!!!!
SwaffMan::lol...I didn't know that being upset about a loss meant you had no class. I thought it meant you had passion. Depends on HOW you're complaining, but seriously...if complaining about a loss means you have no class, no organization in any sport anywhere has any class. That's an impossible metric.
Samrs2010::Don't believe that most of the Spurs fans have no class. It's just not true. I am from  San Antonio, and that is just a false statement. Most of those "Fans" you hear from are probably not from SA, and don't have an appreciation for the game. Take that to another fan base. Go Spurs.
corkscrewblow::The Rockets could win the NBA Championship and these LOF's would still find something to complain about. I can hear them now... "Yeah, the Rockets won the Finals but but but but but Lin was benched blah blah blah..."
ryanrttu::Represent Rockets!
ThunderHornz::Nice win Rockets!
rynospurs21::Great win for the Rockets. Bad game for Green. It happens. He will go 7-9 from 3 on Wednesday night.
duudeitschris::Lin is just not in the right system, at NY, he was the primary ball handler doing the pick and roll, driving, finding his guys for easy dunks/layups or open 3 point shots. in houston, he's being asked to do the opposite, letting harden run the show, and finding Lin for the open shots... maybe it would be better if he came off the bench...  regardless, i wont be surprised if he's traded next year (assuming mchale stays)
19Houston75::Only way McHale is gone, is if the Rockets miss the playoffs.  Being an LOF, I'm sure that would be your ideal situation.
Kassom69::Lin just needs to learn to protect the ball or he will be yanked by Kevin McHale. Thats something this coach does not tollerate unless you are Harden or Parson.  If he could improve on that aspect and get a decent jumper he could be a above point guard.   I think the reason why Lin has a lot of turnovers  is because of his small wingspan over tall guys who have long wingspans  so he is going to use have to use his other attributes. (like his quickness)
luvnbayes::My number one concern going into the playoffs for the Spurs is that Popovich thinks Green can play, whereas I don't think he can.  Can't get thru screens, can't keep his man in front of him, doesn't pursue the ball or ever win 50-50 balls (his lame effort in fighting for the ball with Delfino last night the latest example), and is turnover prone.  He's a classic case of someone who looks good against the Charlotte's of the world but against top competiton is ovewhelmed.  Memo to Pop:  Green CAN'T play.
SwaffMan::Yeah, he's won multiple NBA titles, and you haven't. I don't really think you have a lot of room to say he's making a mistake.
MidnightMary0320::Well Luvn, with all due respect, that loose ball which was a jump ball, not a "time out", was a key call last night. If it's a jump ball I think we win the game. Having said that, we didn't deserve to win the way we played. I still hate Harden with every fiber of my being. He is a flopper and gets way too many calls by initiating contact with defenders.   Green will be fine, and we need his 3's and he helps spread the floor.  Spurs will need to bring their "A" game against the Nuggets. Which I expect them to do.  Go Spurs Go !!
luvnbayes::Green didn't even get on the ground after the ball.  He stood and reached for it.  There isn't another Spur who wouldn't have dived on top of the ball, Delfino, or anything else trying to get that ball.  Because he went at it so meekly Delfino got the time out called.  When i saw it live I was mad at Green.  When I saw the replay I was furious.
Saphera P.::He only really flopped once or twice in the game. The only reason people noticed it more was because of the SAS announcers putting ONE in the spotlight. He really does get hacked on a lot of plays.  I understand your hatred, though. I'd hate him too if he wasn't on the Rockets. LOL I hated him last year with the Thunder.
pingpong4fun::Jlin is being use completely wrong..even 5 year old can see that....but funny how   LOHS cant huh....the similarities is exactly like steve nash/ lakers. kobe is so dominant with the ball, a pg like nash is regulated to spot up threes....thats sad.  huess where the lakers are right now in 8 spot barely. FACT is the rox record should have been better, at least 44 wins right now. MCNUGGETT COST THE ROX ALOT OF GAMES WITH HIS DUMBFOUNDED ROTATIONAL ROUTINE.
19Houston75::You're. A 5 year old? That explains a lot.
Tiago Splitter::Now I see who taught Durant how to act in "Thunderstruck" ... Horrible acting. Must've been James Harden
Tiago Splitter::Ya'll Rockets fans deserve this FAKE win. After all, yall do live in that garbage named Houston. Just remember that scrub Beverly won't always play the way he did, every game. I hope we see yall in the playoffs, when the Spurs' chemistry gets together again when the others get used to him returning. 3-1
Samrs2010::Just because ONE person, who to me seems like a Spurs troll, insulted Houston, it doesn't justify trashing my town, San Antonio. You don't even know if he's from San Antonio. Since when does having football make you a better city? San Antonio's Economy&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Everyone else. Go Spurs, Go San Antonio.
nashgomez81::Nobody in san antonio can call any other city garbage. That place is a dump.   I go to San Antonio when I want to feel tall.  Congratulations on your 1 professional team.  That Alamo Dome sure was a great idea.
ryanrttu::Tiago...you must be Mexican.  Only mexicans can tolerate that crap town San Antonio (I lived there for 2 years, got the $%^# out as soon as I could).  Go back to being a loser in a town that has one professional sports team and that one team people could care less about....haha
steveisdanger1::the entire city of SA smells like Tacos and looks like a tin can
JD4REAL::no need to knock the city of Houston man. Houston &amp; San Antonio are great cities  compared to a lot of the others in the US. Be happy you are in Texas.
stldirtystyle0703::you don't even have a football team. LOL. Let me list to you cities that have FB team Kansas City lol, Jacksonville lol, Buffolo LOL. You are the ugly step sister of Texas San An. GFUS
Boodro87::Fastest growing economy in the U.S.
3rdCoastTexan281::The butt hurt is strong with this one.
steveisdanger1::p
3rdCoastTexan281::I have been a "real Rockets fan" my whole life. I never said anything bad about the Spurs franchise. I respect them. I was responding to a stupid troll from YOUR fanbase, kiddo.
3rdCoastTexan281::lol. Just when I thought Spurs fans couldn't get any dumber. You are telling me what I do and I don't know now about.....??? Moron.
MidnightMary0320::3rdCoastTexan281 - By the way, Tiago...how did that feel to get posterized by Greg Smith last night?  Enjoy your ONE win in FOUR and sit back and watch how a title run is done. You give real Rocket fans a bad name.  lol
MidnightMary0320::3rdCoastTexan281 - A person from San Antonio calling Houston "garbage?" lol not too bright are you?  http://blog.chron.com/opportunityurbanist/2013/02/houston-dominates-americas-growth-corridors-and-makes-the-case-for-the-worlds-highest-standard-of-living/  Watch it Bozo! I wouldn't live in "H" town if you paid me all the money in the world. San Antonio is a city with pride and family values. Which you wouldn't know anything about.  smh
3rdCoastTexan281::By the way, Tiago...how did that feel to get posterized by Greg Smith last night?
3rdCoastTexan281::A person from San Antonio calling Houston "garbage?" lol not too bright are you?  http://blog.chron.com/opportunityurbanist/2013/02/houston-dominates-americas-growth-corridors-and-makes-the-case-for-the-worlds-highest-standard-of-living/
Tiago Splitter::Congrats, your team won 1 out of 4 games against us. Are they throwing a parade in that garbage city?
Tiago Splitter::"and the Flopper of the year award goes to James Harden! Here you see him drive in and shoot, agh someone shot Harden, is there any snipers here? No black jerseys were even close to him. Congrats Harden, on winning flop of the year"  - Sean Elliott yesterday while watching Harden's horrible acting job
cowboysfan3366::you can say ginobli flops but has he ever been to the line for 17 FTA? Harden clearly got a number of calls his way when half of them should not have been called. I love how houston fans jump on us spurs fans for complaining, but if the opposite was reversed and TP had 17 FTA, they would be howling just as bad. Damn hypocrites.
nashgomez81::The  Spurs have the King Flopper of all Time so quit crying.  Maybe the entire city of SA is denial or something about Manu Ginobli, but just google manu ginobli flopper and he makes the list every YEAR of top 5 and top 10 floppers.  Tim Duncan doesn't exactly flop but any whistle blown on him is obviously some sort of govt conspiracy according to his constant crying and "What???Not Me" look.  Tony Parker purposely falls to complete each drive to the bucket to try to get a call.  You lost.  get over it.
MidnightMary0320::They need to grasp on to something, because their team (Rockets) is going NOWHERE !!!
Boodro87::It was a treat to watch the Spurs lose with the Spurs Commentators on Fox SW.
Tiago Splitter::I bet it was. Funny to see you haters get happy the RARE times Spurs lose.
1953cdw::Could the Rockets be a better team? Sure they can! But I sure like watching this team. We will make the playoffs...maybe pull a surprise in the first round depending on who we play. And have a lot to look forward next year with cap space to sign a premier big man. Lately, they have stepped it up defensively as well. Not sure how any fan can complain considering the improvement in the overall team from a few years ago until now...
MidnightMary0320::Congrats, you won ONE out of FOUR games against the Spurs this year; and you needed a bogus call and some timely flops to do it. So settle down and stop tooting your horn. Your team has done nothing since the early 90's.   smh
whosaysstufflikethat::Watching great PG's in basketball is what drew me to watch the sport because it makes the game that much more enjoyable. Great PG = Good ball movement = great plays = appreciation for skills of basketball that go beyond constant forceful driving, foul drawing, one man show that basketball has often become today.   I don't love or hate Lin but I do believe he has the potential to be a much more solid PG than he is today. Why I see so many people rant for and against this PG is b/c the Rockets play UGLY basketball but they somehow squeeze out wins through free throws and selfish stat grabbing antics. This is NOT how basketball is played. We have a SG thinking he is superman and doing whatever he wants including dramatic improv's, 3 point shooters who can only shoot 3's and often can't even do that, and a wimpy PG who follows a mindless coach who is a control freak over a few players but not the rest.  How the Rox are winning is absolutely beyond me (oh yeah I forgot - through free throws). As a Rox fan, I am ashamed of the ugliness of our team. I would rather them play good fundamental solid bball than go into the playoffs playing the way they do. Move the ball, get good plays, play YOUR role well and give starters good solid playing time to develop the young team!!
TulipGrim::I kind of agree.  I am digging the wins but it's ugly to watch.  As a casual fan, I find myself checking the box score post facto a lot more these days...
TulipGrim::The games where Lin is PG'ing are the ones that I enjoy watching, but that's probably because of the PG thing.  Gotta say I do like watching the Clippers play these days, although I'm not a fan
19Houston75::If having the best offense in the league means it's ugly and lucky, then I'm all for it.
whosaysstufflikethat::I completely agree with your comment on the Clippers. CP3 makes the Clippers great to watch. Same with PG's such as Parker, and old school Kidd, Nash, Stockton.   What I'm trying to say is that I rather the Rox learn some good foundational bball, maybe lose some games to get the game right and then build up to be a great team. Not look flashy, but play confidently in knowing what you are doing instead of ugly and lucky.
19Houston75::If you want to see a good PG, there's really only one option for you. Go watch the Clippers.   You're basically saying, "I would rather the Rockets look flashy and lose than look aggressive and win". lol, amazing.
requiem4agreen::Spurs=Overrated  Harden=Flop City  Both of your teams are lame.
MidnightMary0320::Pssst Requiem; the Heat are 12-20 against the Spurs since 1989. Nice record. Not!!!
MidnightMary0320::requiem4agreen - Spurs=Overrated  Harden=Flop City  Both of your teams are lame.  Says the bandwagon fan of a team that has two less rings than the Spurs.   LOL
DuaneXC::And I'm sure you were a Heat "fan" before the Big Three...
Ivanov21::lol a Heat fan on a Spurs / Rockets board.. are you lost?! your species usually doesn't leave their territory
19Houston75::Come back when Miami wins against a good team. No, East teams do not count.
thedrwolff::Danny Green has got to learn he can't run a fast break.    EVER...for any reason...OVER and OVER we see him get blocked at the rim OR make a confused pass that causes a turnover.    Slide out to the three line and WAIT. That's his skill....that is his job.  Other then Kawhi and Ginobilli the spurs couldnt convert a fast break to save their lives.   So they get the steal at 1:30 left up 4 and instead of Green drifting off to the corner to run clock and possession he tries the lay up and just like has happened at least 10 times this season... he blows the conversion (blocked) and the ball goes the other way for an open three.   Now its a 1 point game with 1:24 left.      GOD DAMMIT WHEN WILL HE LEARN????  WHEN WILL THIS TEAM LEARN NOT TO THROW IT TO HIM ON THE FAST BREAK?????
Ivanov21::Every time I see Danny Green run a fast-break I'm like "Noo !! please pass the ball, give it to someone else, even Gary Neal !!!"
19Houston75::lol, yeah, I have no idea why he was trying to force the issue with a 2 possession lead and the ball with less than 90 seconds to go.
19Houston75::"yeah drawing foul...i agree.  the zebras is not gonna give Jharden 17 charity stripes in the playoff dude....FACT.  so how is Jharden gonna help the team? wait 6/16 is good huh. thats 37% gf btw."  I saw Dwayne Wade (before the decision) attempt 30fts in a finals game against the Mavs. The playoffs do not get rid of foul calls.   Oh and 6 of 16 shooting with a +5 is far better than 2 of 8 with a -13. At least Harden can still find a way to score when his shot isn't falling.   Don't know why you keep flagging my posts. There isn't anything rude, or untrue in them.
scoot tre::If he wants to flail, give him something to flail about.  Put a benchwarmer in early for a flagrant 2 against harden early to make him pay for his awful flopping
Ivanov21::James Harden is getting too many calls and overreacts to all kind of contact, it was hard to watch. I know the Spurs got a lot of calls going their way as well but Harden alone was just too much...
cowboysfan3366::lol@rockets fans. Parker probably drives to the basket more then any other guard in the league and gets less calls then harden. Thats BS. How does harden get more calls the TP when TP drives to the rim more. I honestly think parker gets fouled more times then is ever called
Boodro87::He's pretty good at getting both arms up. Can't hit the arms...
philpelle3::That is his style of play. The only way to stop that is keep him from getting in the lane. I hope you are not a Spurs fan because Harden is a younger Ginobili, who consistently played the same way.
19Houston75::Ivanov21 - OK yea..you're right .. but you know what? it STILL pisses me off lol  If I weren't a Rockets fan, it would $@%! me off to. lol
Ivanov21::OK yea..you're right .. but you know what? it STILL pisses me off lol
19Houston75::That's nearly 9 minutes less than Harden. 75% of an entire quarter. Making up 4 fts in that amount of time isn't very difficult when you attack the basket like Harden does on a nightly basis.
Ivanov21::I am a Spurs fan and I know very well Manu played a lot like this but  Harden averages 10,3 FTA per game, Manu's career high was 6 FTA / game when he averaged 31 min/game.
pingpong4fun::like anything else, wherever you work, if your boss drawn conclusion about you, then guess what?..they never change. comprende? mcnuggett conclusion already set in stone..hence, does not matter how well Jlin play, it can never satisfy the db.
1953cdw::Nice win for Rockets. At some point you have to prove you can beat a team especially if you might play them in a 7 game series. Maybe this makes the Spurs think a little
DuaneXC::The Rockets played the Spurs close two other times this season but, got blown out once.  Despite the win, I still don't like this match-up for Houston come playoffs...
Boodro87::Harden amazing as usual. Lin has go to step it up when playoffs come.
19Houston75::I saw Dwayne Wade (before the decision) shoot more than 30ft attempts in a finals game against Dallas. The playoffs do not get rid of foul calls.   oh, and 6 of 16  with a +5 is much better than 2 of 8 with a -13. $@%!$ about the fts all you want, but at least when his shot isn't falling, Harden still manages to score.
Boodro87::He showed up when it mattered. He was trying to get everyone involved.
pingpong4fun::yeah drawing foul...i agree. the zebras is not gonna give Jharden 17 charity stripes in the playoff dude....FACT. so how is Jharden gonna help the team? wait 6/16 is good huh. thats 37% gf btw.
Redskins_Spurs_SEC::I hope Manu steps his game up in the playoffs.... Shouldn't be to hard to do the way he's been playing as of late!!
JD4REAL::Nice win for H-Town. Harden made a tough shot to win the game. He does that often against the Spurs. I didn't like a lot of the calls in the game, (but it was consistent both ways). The one that irked me the most was the foul on Tim when Harden flopped. You can fine Harden after its reviewed for flopping, but the outcome of the game doesn't change. Houston wins.
luvnbayes::The key play of the game (WITHOUT A DOUBT) was Danny Green NOT diving for the loose ball which allowed Delfino to call that last time out.  There is no other Spur who wouldn't have gone after that ball like it was a matter of life or death.  But it wasn't that big a deal to Green.  Pathetic.  Hats off to the Rockets.  You deserved it because all your guys wanted it badly.
Saphera P.::There were a lot of really bad calls. Period. "DID HE BREATHE?!" *blows whistle* At least the bad calls were consistent on both ends. That just happened to be the call that changed the outcome of the game.
MidnightMary0320::One correction; the call should have been a jump ball, not a time-out. Bad call resulted in Rocket win. Period.
rgcctx::Good win for the Rockets. They earned it. But the refs are way too generous on giving Harden fouls. It seemed he was at the line all night long. And there were some big time flops. Spurs win easily in a seven game series.
DuaneXC::This is true.  But right now, I simply want to see my young team competitive.
BXwarriorBX::lin is a avg nba pg
19Houston75::Average because he ranks lower than half of the starting point guards in nearly all major statistics.
pingpong4fun::Avg? how so? present your reason dude.  Jlin is being use completely wrong..even 5 year old can see that....but funny how  LOHS cant huh....the similarities is exactly like steve nash/ lakers. kobe is so dominant with the ball, a pg like nash is regulated to spot up threes....thats sad. huess where the lakers are right now in 8 spot barely. FACT is the rox record should have been better, at least 44 wins right now. MCNUGGETT COST THE ROX ALOT OF GAMES WITH HIS DUMBFOUNDED ROTATIONAL ROUTINE.
dog_has_fleas::Which is why they traded for Harden. He is pretty much the PG without the title.
pingpong4fun::SO WHAT YO DISMISS THE 7 GAME LOOSING STREAK EARLIER OF THE SEASON HUH?...jHARDEN WAS THE MAIN PG DUTIES. SMH. you people just doesnt get it huh. jharden is not pg . Remember what happen to grant hill?...Grant hill was doing everything, scoring, reboiunding, dishing, bbasically he was the main focal point for pg duty as well,,,,,Unfortunately his ankle gave out. i see similar situation with Jharden here, if th erocket upper-management is smart remove mcnuggett and hire a REAL nba coach, who actually will try and make the whole team better, not padding stats to one guy.
rynospurs21::You can usually tell if the Spurs are going to win based on their assist numbers at halftime. Low assists means they are not moving the ball. Still should have pulled that one out.
19Houston75::Lin's job on this team is whatever the hell McHale tells him to do. Harden being the primary ball handler has led the team to the hands down best offense in the NBA. He's not usurping Lin's job. He's doing the job given to him by his head coach. McHale is not using Lin wrong. He is using him in the manner that best helps the team win. His job isn't to make Lin's numbers look all-star caliber. His job is winning. Guess what? He's doing his job.
whosaysstufflikethat::that's the problem. lin has no balls to play ball (pun intended) properly. this is they reason he was overlooked for so many years. in NY he ran the show and performed well for it. mchale is indeed usurping lin's job. does he even know what a PG does? i'm sorry but harden is the one who is overrated and a loose cannon.   rox may be 1st in points scored but that hardly makes us the BEST offense in the NBA
philpelle3::Well said. As long as we are winning, I really don't care what anybodies stats look like. Lin is inconsistent scoring wise but his game has steadily improved all season. Turnovers decreasing and shot quality increasing. He is doing whatever it takes to win any game whether thats score 20+ or scoring 4 points and dishing 6 assists.
19Houston75::Exactly!
19Houston75::lol, they keep flagging my posts because they can't stand the truth.
19Houston75::WTH are you talking about?
dog_has_fleas::What normal functioning person is a fan of two rival teams?
19Houston75::It's because they're idiots. Anything Lin does wrong is McHale's fault. Lin is infallible.
SweetChippy99::I dont understand why people are upset with the way Mchale is using Lin ? Patrick Beverly has been doing an outstanding job and has earned his minutes.
SweetChippy99::I agree
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Who would you Rockets fans rather play in the 1st round of the playoffs?  Spurs, Thunder, Nuggets, Clippers, or Grizzlies?
philpelle3::Grizzlies have to be the best choice for us to have the best chance. Next i would want the Clippers. The most exciting would be either the Thunder or Spurs(for obvious reasons) but i honestly wouldn't want to see either one of them nor the Nuggets. Denver plays just like the Rockets except with better athletes.
SweetChippy99::I like the thunder but for some reason westbrook irks me.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::It is probably the Kobe-like numbers he puts up.  He gets his points but on 6 for 20 shooting.  He's really inefficient scoring but keeps shooting.
SweetChippy99::To have a chance ? I would probably pick the Grizzlies. Though the thunder series would be fun due to the fact Harden is playing against his old team. If the Spurs to get the Lakers in the 1st round, Oh lord please, whoop some a$$ on them. Cant stand LA
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I can't stand LA either but if they play the Thunder in the 1st round I will probably pull for them just to take the Thunder out.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I did not watch the game.  Spurs had the higher FG%, 3pt%, and FT% but took fewer shots in all three categories.  In watching the highlights and reading the box score it just looks like they got out rebounded and slightly outplayed.  Danny Green and Manu not really contributing offensively really doesn't help either.
SweetChippy99::The block on Green by Beverly was impressive
SweetChippy99::Believe it or not, Rockets defense clamped down on the Spurs at the end of the game.
SweetChippy99::Reading the comments on the Heat board hurts my head, Miami fans talk so much nonsense, its simply ridiculous.
19Houston75::Mark Eaton was a pain too. Hakeem had much trouble shooting over that tower.
SweetChippy99::I always thought it was dudley from the blazers, he gave olajuwon the most fits.
19Houston75::His only kryptonite was Shawn Kemp. That guy gave Olajuwon fits.
SweetChippy99::Not to be a homer, but Olajuwon would dominate on Lebron. Olajuwon faced athletic big men and still pimped them out of there feet.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Very true....the other day someone wrote "we may be witnessing the greatest NBA team of all-time right now."  After I stopped laughing I decided I couldn't go to their message boards anymore.  The basketball IQ of most Heat fans is sadly comparable to Laker fans, hard to debate basketball with those guys.
19Houston75::Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF -" Very true....the other day someone wrote "we may be witnessing the greatest player of all-time right now."  After I stopped laughing I decided I couldn't go to their message boards anymore.  The basketball IQ of most LOFs fans is sadly comparable to Laker fans, hard to debate basketball with those guys."  Fixed for this board. :P
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I think LeBron might struggle to defend Kareem's sky hook.
SweetChippy99::Bruce.... one poster said Lebron can take on MJ, Bird, Kareem because of his athleticsm. I was like huh ? So Lebron can dominate the center postition too ?
hupirate06::Greg Smith with the poster on Tiago Splitter!
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Tiago gets his fair share of posters but I don't mind because at least he tries to contest shots.  Just like when Jason Terry got posterized by LeBron.  I respect someone who tries more than someone who just gets out of the way.  Iggy beat Kobe to the hole last time they played and instead of contesting and probably getting posterized, Kobe gave up on the play and let him dunk.  That's annoying as a fan!
mccoy3181::Who's Greg Smith?   -Everyone-
mccoy3181::The drive for 5 is still alive!!!!
mccoy3181::Spurs &gt; Rockets in a 7 game series.  Go Spurs Go!!!!
Jceagle17::I  Can't stand Mchale coaching...
19Houston75::McHale doesn't coach Lin's jump shot. Jesus, now the guy can't shoot and it's McHale's fault. You'd think McHale was Lin's god or some shite.
bwc2000::why not? they won last night.
Infamous T-Rex::and the shooting night that u referred to is McHales coaching. lin is a PG, harden is an SG. play them as such.  McHale is playing harden as the PG, making lin uncomfortable in the offense.  and if the defense thing is true, then why did PB let TP score 6 straight after lin was benched for him?
bwc2000::but how so? lin defense is not as good as pb's right now..since pb does give energy off the bench.. so I c why he put pb in there last minute for defense..and then harden is for offense..  If lin's defense was just as good or if he had a much better shooting night, rox win by like 10.
Infamous T-Rex::McHale isn't using his players right. specifically lin and harden.
Basketball Facts::James Harden 2012 WCF vs Spurs 6 game series  32.1 Minutes  49% FG 60% 3PT FG 5.5 Reb 3.6 AST 1.83 TO 18.5 PTS
Basketball Facts::James Harden  NBA Finals stats   32.8 Minutes per game 36% FG 34.8% 3PT FG 4.8 Reb 3.6 Ast  2.4 TO  12.4 PTS
Basketball Facts::\
Basketball Facts::On it
SalamanderGT::I grabbed it for you.  James Harden  WCFs  32.2 MPG 49% FG 60% From 3 point land 5.5 Rebs 3.7 Assists 1.2 Steals 1.8 TOs 18.5 Points  All in his 2nd year in the NBA
SalamanderGT::Hey Facts, can we get his stats for last years Western Conference Finals.  Please do not make this a Lin vs. Harden post.  The best games I've seen this year, are when Harden and Lin both play well.  That's when Houston looks dominant.  When either have an off game, they look pedestrian.
Ismael0627::WTH is the Mavericks fan doing here....? Looks like Maverick fans have the biggest worries with their team in an impossible play off push.
Basketball Facts::LetsGoMavs- " LIn has like 1 good game and then lots of bad games. Harden is consistent "   2012 NBA Finals   Game 1  22 Mins 2-6 FG 30% 1-2 3PT FG 50% 0 REB 3 AST 1 TO 4 PF 5 Pts  Game 2  35 Mins 7-11 FG 63.6% 2-3 PT FG 66.6% 4 REB 2 AST 1 STL 2 TO 3 PF 21 PTS  Game 3  34 Mins 2-10 FG 20% 0-4 3PT FG 0% 6 REB 6 AST 2 STL 2 TO 4 PF 9 PTS  Game 4  37 Mins 2-10 FG 20% 1-5 3PT FG 20% 10 REB 2 AST 1 STL 4 TO  5 PF 8 PTS  Game 5  36 mins 5-11 FG 45% 3-8 3PT FG 37.5% 4 REB 5 AST 2 STL 3 TO 2 PF 19 PTS   In the end; Harden isn't very consistent especially on the biggest stage of the NBA Finals.
SalamanderGT::It's the Heat, hard to play great against them.  How'd Harden do against the Spurs in the WCFs?
Denzel7587::Facts are facts. This season has emerged as one of NBA's Top 5 most efficient scorers. Just don't let him play PG because it takes away his edge in scoring.
Denzel7587::LetsGoMavs- Well DUHHHHHHH Spike Lee is going to root for LIn since he plays for the Knicks and he's a knicks fan. I would do to if Lin played for my Mavs. _____ _______ ______ This guy just wants Lin to play for the Mavs.
SalamanderGT::I'm sure any decent guard would be and upgrade from old Fisher, too small Collison, and another old dude in James.
Denzel7587::Bashing Lin at every turn but still entertaining the thought that Lin will play for the Mavs. He's conflicted about his feelings for Lin.
Rob_Gronkkkkkkk::I'm still confused why Oregon is a #12 seed.
LetsGoMavs-::go Hurricanes!!
Rob_Gronkkkkkkk::The dancers looked good at least..
Denzel7587::Now a more sizzling topic!
Rob_Gronkkkkkkk::sizzleeeeeeeeeeeeee
