mackfactor::PGeorge showing flashes of greatness, Roy Hibbert showing flashes of mediocrity.
Thehorseshoe20::once the Pacers offense comes around and they get Granger back, maybe a move to get one more productive bench player, this team is going to be scary. #1 in field goal defense and i think they've only given up over 100 4 times
RabbiLevine::Pacers have won 7 of 10, 6 of which were on the road. Pacers have played 12 road games vs. 7 home and are one of the top rebounding and defensive teams in the league. The offense is picking up and we're starting to get some rhythm. Slow start to the season but the Pacers are no slouch....
BOOMBABY_3::Lillard is going be a star. Its nice to Ian playing well now we just need Dj and Green to pick it up. Our bench has killed us all year.
SFthomas1969::Ive been using a betting system called sportsbettingstar the past few months now. I doubled my starting balance my first month and made almost $3,000 my 2nd month using this system. If you search google for Sports betting systems you can find more about this system there. If you bet on sports this system will make you money.
thexdiamond::So the Pacers have the best defense in the league, but also the worst offense?  Come on, man.
WHITECHILI-rises::Hello winning record!  When does Granny get back?
jwright520::pacers still lookin like a potential 3 seed in the east baby!!
jwright520::HOO-HOO-HOO.. I mean go pacers!!
Kobelies247::Blazer players better be watching ESPN right now! They might learn a thing or two!
bojo87::listen clippers fan... your team sucked for years, and at that time they sucked, i believe you were a blazers fan, i could be wrong but i remember you saying something like " I know what its like being a blazer fan", so I can only assume. But my point is this, clippers used to suck now they dont, blazers used to be good now they arent... its called a cycle, and when the clipper suck again, as in when Chris Paul busts his knee for the 15th time, and refs stop giving Griffin the all start treatment, even though he hasnt dont anything really to deserve it except jump high, then your team will suck too... BUT enjoy the current success, in the NBA its usually short lived.
fahmishoed::Was Batum hurt in this game?
Kobelies247::Nah he just pulled one of his no shows... Thats what 48mill gets you!
Dadsterbug::Missed the game...there's a referee with a name like "Sir Allen Conner?"   Is that a self imposed title?
theUMiami27::#blazernation
TimmyHardawayJr10::Well, defense wins championships, right? If so, just crown us champs now.
7horns7eyes::You need offense to get there, first.
7horns7eyes::Pacers with the best defense in the NBA so far...whodathunkit?
jwright520::who dat hunk, it?
jake is stankmoney::Theyre starting to figure it out.  If they can hold on to a pretty good record until Granger comes back then they will be a team to be reckoned with come play off time.
jwright520::ahhh yeeeeah
cubsfan7171::Good to see the Pacers get over the .500 mark.  They are starting to figure out how to learn without Granger.  Paul George needs to continue stepping up like he has the last couple games.
Kobelies247::Everyone gets over .500 when they play the Blazers!
cubsfan7171::and I was wrong. they have won 6 out of their last 8.
cubsfan7171::Wins over the Bulls and Lakers in L.A. recently.  I know neither of those teams is great, but They won on the road and have won 5 of their last 6 I believe.  Winning games they should be winning is a good sign after a rough start.
bengalsrgay43034::Paul George makes my panties wet
taiwandude::great win tonight Pacers finally above .500 we are heating up glad to see after a slow start
We love it yo::Anyone wanna join me in Lillard trolling the Bulls board?
Kat Nation::fail
Kobelies247::Great road trip there Portland! You had some real tough teams to contend with...
Kobelies247::I dont know what we could get in return but THIS isnt working now....I know you've watched most of these games so aside from Lillard, who do we have thats actually worth a crap? We need players who will be there night in and night out EVERY GAME not just show up when the feel like it....
49ersGoat::I think you overuse the "..." way too much...
CBass1317::@Kobe -- you are on here like night and day so I assume you have a little non-troll actual debate in you.  But radio silence when I pose reasonable questions below?  Why do you even bother if your don't want to actually talk basketball?
Kobelies247::You think?.......
TheFeedMachine::The Blazers should really consider trading Matthews or Hickson to improve their depth.
CBass1317::both are on reasonable contracts.  Maybe Hickson at the trade deadline if a desperate team makes a good offer.
49ersGoat::Why?  They're not going to contend for a title this year, they're rebuilding.
CBass1317::And he is making 6 mil per right now.  You really think that is WAY too much?  I agree that he would be an ideal bench player, so maybe a little, but that is not excessive for a player with his production.  NBA pay scale is out of wack.
CBass1317::OK, fair enough, but that only furthers the point that he has little trade value.  So why would they dump him for 50 cents on the dollar now?    Again, who do you think they could get in return?
Kobelies247::Matthews should be a bench player...Portland paid WAY to much for him but hey, we should be use to that by now dont you think?
CBass1317::@Kobe -- Why would they trade Matthews?  He won't bring much in return.  His deal is not bad.  He is 24 (I think?).  Maybe Hickson, but again, he is on a one year deal that is very reasonable, and doesn't have a a lot of trade value.  This team is kind of stuck for a minute.  What do you think they would get for either?
Kobelies247::Then not only are you blind, you're an idiot as well... Enjoy the season...
49ersGoat::Seeing that you're a bonified Blazers hater, I'm not going to take anything you say seriously.
Kobelies247::Key word REBUILDING! And thats why they need to start dumping players that SUCK!!! MAtthews Batum and Aldridge need to GO!
CallMeJohnD::Blazers have Damian Lillard and the Pacers have Paul George. Both around the same age and both are going to be great players for years to come
We love it yo::How can Lillard be so good yet the Blazers be so bad?
BaySports226::Literally no bench at all.
AJ71579::PACERS -4 $$$$$
DISandDAT6::Nice 0 turnover game by Dame
Hoosierhawk18::Hoping to see Paul George's quality play continue. He looks more confident with the ball in his hands, and is playing better overall
obamaagainin2012::Memphis is hot.
d-nyce-::I thought I lost my 2nd half Over bet but I actually WON OMG
CallMeJohnD::Hopefully Paul George can string together a long run of 20+ point games!
Rexanilatorz::Indiana: P. George 22 Pts, 8 Reb, 5 Ast, 1 Stl
113row10::Portland is one low basketball IQ team.
leo9212::We only have 2 road games in February when Danny Comes back. Can't wait we should be able to make a run
MasterOfLogic::Blazers are 18-22 FT's in this game, what are they complaining about?
BaySports226::Missing down the stretch. Relax dude, it's over.
Rexanilatorz::dunno that is a really good ft shooting percentage
hoops 112hoping::wow portland if you had an average bench, you guys would be at least a 6 seed in the west, gg, lillard's a baller
49ersGoat::good game Pacers
Hoosierhawk18::Dang it, there aren't any Bulls fans to blame the refs tonight :(
Popitoff_2.0::Wish Babbitt would get more shot attempts. I know he's still raw, and looks like we're not patient enough to give him steady playing time for development, but he can really shoot and has good effort on the boards.
DISandDAT6::Welp.. good game Pacers
leo9212::good game alot of talent on the blazers
DISandDAT6::Your team too.. Paul George is great
Hoosierhawk18::Thanks, you too
MN_Sports32335::umad blazers
DISandDAT6::How are you liking Rondo slicing you up
49ersGoat::I just asked at the Minnesota board, no one there has ever heard of you.  What's your deal?
Hoosierhawk18::Yay, we're back above .500
leo9212::over .500
leo9212::Well good game Blazers
BaySports226::If Portland hit those 3 free throws well, do the math...
Popitoff_2.0::We only missed 4, could've been worse. We just blew this one in the 3rd quarter.
fball8088::ya, but 3 in the last 5 minutes
MasterOfLogic::If the Pacers hadn't fallen asleep this quarter well... that wouldn't be necessary.
BaySports226::Blazers in the 3rd...
Popitoff_2.0::Man, Portland really did screw you guys over with the Hibbert contract. Though, we just about had that contract too.
p1kaygee::Thank god the pacers signed hibbert back... we would have been stuck with him and paying him max
35Jordan::Pretty Pathetic that Indiana gave up a 18 point lead at home.
leo9212::Pretty Pathetic even though we gave the lead away you still can;t win rofl
Hoosierhawk18::What crawled up your butt sour puss?
DISandDAT6::Can they not press Lillard so much, please? Thanks
p1kaygee::get batum and lillard to shoot those 3s
p1kaygee::time to redeem himself eh?
hoops 112hoping::batum has been cold today
fball8088::If portland made their free throws this would be a game
35Jordan::It still is a game
MasterOfLogic::Pacers brilliant gameplan: Keep taking threes and don't take time off the clock.... they really are trying to lose.
BaySports226::Good lord.  3 missed free throws down the stretch.
leo9212::I don;t understand is why are we taking 3's. go to the paint
