dmaxofdtm::I am a Lakers fan but I am also a statistics geek.  I haven's seen anybody point out that TD hit his 5,000th free throw.  There's only 29 other players who have hit more.  Congrats Timmy
henryredskins::Spurs led by Tony Parker are contenders yet again. http://www.loveboatsports.com/2012/02/lone-stars-in-texas-tony-parker-and.html
drftw42134::Deron has not been playing bad of late but it is the rest of the team that has to step it up. Not very happy with the sportsmanship of Kris Humphries especially that what should have been called a flagerant foul from humphries to tim duncan. I really dont know what to say because after they lost that game to minnesota, they think its over now.
Miami Heat fan since 2010::wow the Spurs fanbase is pathetic
jtango32::since 2010 huh?  Let me guess you were a cavs fan before that.  And before that a wizards fan, but only after you used to be a bulls fan...  Whatever...  And you call Spursfan pathetic?
theyearwas97::LOL from a heat fan..too funny
spurscowboys1312::GO SPURS GO!!! last comment on espn boards. am boycotting all who supports espn as long espn allow racism to continue to go uncheck while espn have no problem banning anyone political.
jimmyjam289::/DW scored tonight - but it was 9/23 and that aint good---- he's back to tootin' up the place with his bricks.--------he smells
DirkNowitzki4President::Can't wait for next season when Deron Williams becomes the point guard of the Dallas Mavericks. GO MAVS!!!!
EmergingInThought::Get the best selling book for free on your Kindle Sunday, February 12th! It will challenge everything you may have heard about Heaven &amp; Hell and force you to ask, "Is God really love?"  http://www.whatthehellbook.com/2012/02/11/get-what-the-hell-for-free-on-the-kindle-sunday-february-12th/
Dank Darvish::Go Spurms!!!
Spurs4life93::dude that's so 6 years ago lol
meloncabron::No, that's so 6 years old. Leave the little kid alone and he'll go off to play with his toys.
VolkieG::Few (even Spurs fans in San Antonio) are aware of what a remarkable organization the Spurs truly are. The Spurs have reached the playoffs 14 consecutive years, and 21 of the last 22. In fact they've been in the NBA for 34 years now, and have reached the playoffs in 30 of those 34 years.    The Lakers are the ONLY team who've reached the playoffs more often than the Spurs in those last 34 years. They've reached the playoffs 32 times during that time. Even the Boston Celtics, with all their history and titles, have "only" been to the playoffs in 23 of the last 34 years.     And the trifecta... As of last year, the Lakers have 3,084 wins and 1,891 losses all-time in the NBA for an overall winning percentage of .620 or 62%. That's tops in the NBA. Guess who's 2nd all-time! lol The Spurs have the 2nd best ALL-TIME winning percentage in NBA history with a .604 mark, or 60.4%. Boston is third at .595.     San Antonio may not have the most titles, and may not have the appeal that many other teams have, but they have ONE HELLUVA storied franchise, and considering they're 2nd only to the Lakers in all-time wins, they definitely don't get the respect they deserve. As if that's not enough, they've accomplished all that despite being a small-market team. Amazing!   And yet the Spurs get no respect from other NBA fans. A good way to determine the respect you get across the league is by looking at attendance figures for away games. Teams that draw big crowds away from home are teams fans want to watch. The Lakers for example always draw big crowds when they come to town in any arena. Did you know that out of 30 NBA teams, the Spurs are 24th in attendance for their away games?!?! You'd think they were 9-19, not 19-9 and a perennial playoff team. And the real kicker.... Even the Charlotte Bobcats who have an NBA worst 3-24 record, and have lost 14 straight, draw about 800 more fans a game on the road than the Spurs do. I can't understand that AT ALL. The Spurs are the best kept secret in the NBA, BAR NONE. Go Silver and Black!
meloncabron::Excellent post.  Spurs are the best-run franchise in all of sports. Hands down. Damn fun being a Spurs fan, even if others don't know it. You always know you have a winning team to root for, and that the players and coaches are all class.
HATERS_RULE::SPURS WILL WIN THEIR 5TH!!! YOU HEARD IT HERE FIRST FOLKS!!!
mdtuzo::GOOOOOOO NEEEEETTTTTSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111111
Sean Cray::own
CWspurs21::they lost
Rummpd::rhowe982How are the Spurs 19-9??...more   Despite 3/4 of a season without Manu (who was leading the leauge in PER when he went out) and the toughest SOS in the league by Hollinger's rankings and are 2 overall in power rankings.  Heck they should be 22-7 or better as they had a couple of hiccups with Manu out but are a top tier team and have thumped a number of good teams this year.
Spursdc::it doesn't matter
VolkieG::Actually, they lost 4 games by 3 points or less. I definitely see them winning those with Manu in the lineup, so they could easily be 23-5 right now.
rhowe982::How are the Spurs 19-9??
rhowe982::I didn't mean this in a rude manner. They are so well coached and Tony Parker is crazy good. Timmy is old man but he still got game.
ClubAlpha181::they were victorious in 19 of their games and defeated in the rest of them
sport medic::Good win.  Glad to see Manu back.  Things are right in the world again.
FrankPistachio211::I didn't like the Spurs' defensive intensity tonight, but it could be argued that they dialed it back a notch against a struggling Nets team.  Oh well, a win is a win.  Go Spurs!
Spursdc::They won easily
HATERS_RULE::WAY TO GO SPURS!  LET THE REST OF BASKETBALL NATION GO LIN-SANE...SPURS ARE A TRUE BASKETBALL TEAM!!!!
kRUSTY_g8r::OK, yeah, everyone declaring Duncan the best PF of all time and Pop and Manu HoF'ers qualifies as no respect. Cmon now people. ESPN has given the Spurs more than enough love. Im more than happy with how the Spurs are viewed
meloncabron::One article here and there.  Just look at the daily coverage and where Spurs games get mentioned as opposed to games featuring two (mediocre) Lakers/Celtics squads.  Also, I've heard two separate ESPN radio broadcasts that completely omitted the Spurs game results. Listed all the nights' scores but ignored the Spurs games. So, there's your "respect" for the Spurs. Only the best, most consistent team in the NBA the last 20 years.
MetropolitansFan::Knicks ain't going nowhere anyway!They are as snake bitten as the Nets but at least the Nets have been to the finals two times this century!
HATERS_RULE::yup...media loves the coasts...no respect for spurs who have dominated the finals in the last decade
Alexahenta97::Nets suck!!!!!!! why can't they win any games?
PHIL LE::xdfgxf
ph76er21::Tim Duncan is still a all-star
Alexahenta97::I Agree with that
HATERS_RULE::Tim Duncan &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; ALL
Spursdc::Novak didn't play like that for the Spurs
HATERS_RULE::Jay-Z will turn this franchise around...
Mets2410::no Dwight and D-Will will
MetropolitansFan::He and his Russian homeboy better because that new arena is going to be empty night in and night out in Brooklyn
KingGeorge53::true, but he hit the game winner and came away with the W on the road.
thekola::8-24 for 19 pts., 7 assists but 6 turnovers. Bad game
Mets2410::he's 1-11 in the 2nd half....
HATERS_RULE::lol yeah especially with Lin-sanity running wild
Susan_Jones582591::San Antonio Spurs vs. New Jersey Nets   stumbled on this site to help you breakdown this matchup:   http://bit.ly/x3xsp8
.jeebus::Someone needs to crucify blair for shooting that shot
1719719719::If you can find a cross big enough.
MetropolitansFan::FIRE AVERY!!!!
thekola::Nets have personnel issues but Avery is a bad coach. His defensive philosophy in particular is poor.
Mets2410::no. get good players.
Mets2410::wow Nets got 80 I'm impressed
.jeebus::Avery needs to hurry up and pull the starters
Spursdc::The Spurs didn't try very hard today
Spursdc::i did not like that wb free poster
HATERS_RULE::Mr. Kardashian with the bucket
.jeebus::ccorbin and smart? must've been before my time
.jeebus::$@%!$@%!
yodooky::youre an idiot
.jeebus::I know right?
yodooky::$@%!$@%!
Chompster777::2003 nba finals rematch
yodooky::people from New Jersey have stupid accents, and are queers
HATERS_RULE::blowout
Spursdc::I guess Frank checked out
.jeebus::George Karl, Avery Johnson, Doc Rivers, Monty Williams...that's all I can think of for the trivia question
.jeebus::mike d'antoni is another
astros80328::cant think of any others
astros80328::del negro
.jeebus::oh yeah, that bas'$@%!
DannyMejia15::Matt Boner
chooch0706::LETS GO SPURSSS
DannyMejia15::My girlfriend caught me blow drying my penis and asked me what I was doing. Apparently, "heating your dinner" was not the right answer
1719719719::Women don't like any competition in general.
Chompster777::why does everyone hate bonner?
HATERS_RULE::i don't...yet
1719719719::I don't he spaces out the floor for cutters but gingers are one of the few minorities that are open game.
Spursdc::Did ya'll just see Bonner's shot at the end. too funny
.jeebus::So I'm looking at Lin's stats. He looks like Marbury 2.0 with his turnovers.
Spursdc::back to that arm thing
.jeebus::what arm thing
Spursdc::something the announcers keep talking about. One guy said ginobili's arm was ripped off on a foul and the other guy said not literally because his arm is still attached. Then, they went back and forth for a few sentences
Spursdc::Brooks looks clownish
.jeebus::Hill for Leonard was a good trade. Definitely.
Spursdc::no doubt
HATERS_RULE::spurs win =  lock
Spursdc::rodeo road trip- no problem
.jeebus::Bonner, I hate you so fu'cking much.
Spursdc::taking arms off but not literally wtf
1719719719::With the recent injury to Manu I guess they felt it was an important distinction to make.
Spursdc::wtf are the announcers talking about
