Stan Van Gundy for Nuggets coach 2013::lol @ "aaa&gt;iggy"  aaa is a really good player without a doubt, but let's not forget he didn't know how to play basketball until after the ASG last year.   igg'y career defensive #'s absolutely <i>dwarf</i> aaa's. whenever you have a chance to upgrade from aaa to an allstar, you do it.  plain and simple.  2 weeks ago you same naysayers were singing iggy's praises after the GS game, as he shot over 50% from the field/3pt for 29 pts.  fickle bunch of "fans"
4SportsFanESPN::Nice work Hawks! Keep it up
Dondi716::any DENVER fan please tell me what's up with Wilson Chandler? is he hurt or what?
washheightsboy3::hurt.  His hip, I think.  Man is made of glass.
diehardnr1::I am blaming the poor start on three things...  The Schedule George Karl The Dwight Trade Curse   That last one is evident in the poor starts in DEN, LAL, ORL...PHI is so-so BUT without Bynum...
diehardnr1::Anyways...  GO NUGGETS!!!
jasondmce1978::Hawks record kind of a surprise so far
BigVicTIA::Denver- too young and inexperienced
SFthomas1969::Been using this betting system called sportsbettingstar. ive made around $3,000 a month average since following this system. If you google sports betting system you will find the system on the 1st page.
mcook813::This is why we shouldn't have picked up Igoudala. The dude completely disappears some games. We had a better record last year without him at this point.
smayne70::Anyone doubting Horford is better than the big mouth that Orlando shipped to the Lakers needs to just sit down and shut up.  Big Al is a man and he proves it on the court instead of with his mouth.  Props off to you big guy.    It sure is funny how much we got back in return in trade for Joe Johnson (the fourth best player on this team last year).  Thank you Brooklyn!  Looking jsut as good this year as last and with a ton of financial flexibility coming up next year.  Things are looking up for the Hawks.
ToomersforeverEver::Another fine win for the Hawks. Proud of the guys. Denver played well too... just sloppy.  Go Hawks!
Loves_2_Jacket::The Denver Chicken Nuggets are underachieving
jayeteee::God you're annoying.
Badams0917::Iggy is terrible, we need to trade him.
jack jackson.::hes been good but hasnt been his normal self this yr
celtsoxpats::What is wrong with IGGY???? He is killing my Fantasy Basketball Team....
celtsoxpats::Fantasy Advice... I was just offered Joakim Noah and Kemba Walker for Ande Iguodala and Josh Smith... I'm having trouble pulling the trigger even though Iggy is having a horrible season. League is H2H points.
LegendaryMaestro::smith is seriously heating up. he started slow but look at his stats in his previous 5 games
jack jackson.::do it. kemba's great and noah gets blocks boards and a good point total consistently
celtsoxpats::Yeah... Im having trouble with giving up Josh Smith
JustineS04::I have Kemba Walker. He's solid.
mexican cheesewheel::isnt that a kickball violation??
texasrocks123456::Good bounce back win for the Hawks.
RoidRage1986::I can live with inconsistent shooting. I can live with guys playing hard and just not being good enough Brewer for example. The thing that drives me absolutely crazy is the amount of boneheaded turnovers and lack of hustle by the Nuggets. It's amazing that the Nuggets were even in this game. I mean, 19 TO's 19 offensive rebounds given up. Iggy looking nonchalant out there. At first, I really thought this would be a good trade for Denver. Now I HATE this trade. AAA was consistent and was a good leader with that never give up attitude. Iggy seems like he gives up as soon as things don't go his way. He is just so nonchalant out there. Where's the intensity Iggy? Where's the will to win? Luckily the Nuggets can dump him after this year or maybe at the AS Break. JHAM NEEDS MINUTES KARL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The dude produces every time he gets in the game and is the only shooter on this sorry excuse for a team. Karl has single handedly killed every one of his young player's confidence with dumass moves. This team stinks. Period.
jayeteee::Good post, Roid, especially pointing out Karl's deficiency as a coach. He plays games w/ players heads and doesn't have a very long leash, then they all play scared, except for George's puppets that never seem to lose PT. This team had so much promise after we got rid of Melo, and Karl has almost single handedly taken it down slowly but surely.
phattybumbum::AAA, is all we are missing.  We win 3 or 4 more games with his leadership and scoring.
mykellfierce::who is aaa?
Stan Van Gundy for Nuggets coach 2013::smh
bluedevils1148::Dre will pan out for you guys. I'm a Sixers fan who's followed him since he was at Arizona, and I don't think I've ever seen him turn the ball over seven times.
JustineS04::He coughs the ball up pretty often. Karl leaves him in too long, and he gets fatigued.
young calhoun::go hawks
dwighthowardsamazing::I haven't been able to watch many games this season but is iggy a disappointment like the stats and win total show
phattybumbum::No, but is like Lawson.  Tend to either run hot or cold.  Very few inbtwn
JustineS04::No, I don't think so.
Viktor Karelin::AAA&gt;Iggy
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Last night I predicted Miami to fall to the Wizards 105-103 and I almost got that one right and ttonight I almost hit this one on the nose LOL
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Almost an evenly match game right here too bad the East this year has been shiitten on the West in there Head to head matchups.    108-105 Hawks 4 Hours Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  Edit  Share  Trivial Psychic Nuggets have owned the East for years, 16-2 last season. 3 Hours Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED This aint Last season bro, too bad last season came on no training camp and practice season
RNYC::Proud of the way the hawks are playing this year. Great job!!!
ATLANTA BRAVES TOMAHAWK CHOP::good job Hawks!!
kcowling20::Caron Butler posterized Chris Kaman
ynot1825::wow nuggets absolutely gave this game away..
Paterade::The only reason it was close was because Lawson couldn't miss. We would have gotten destroyed on a typical night with that effort from everyone.
kcowling20::Not so much. They had the lead for about 30 seconds in the entire game. No sure how they gave it away, per se.
kcowling20::Truthfully, I didn't expect the Nuggets to be much better than 9-10 at this point. Not a great road team, and 13 of 19 have been away from Denver. They are playing games close too, and that works in their favor in the long run. I have no doubts that this Nuggets team will finish around 47-35 or thereabouts
dwighthowardsamazing::I know Karl's rotations are terrible
Paterade::47-35 is even unacceptable for a team supposedly making moves to contend for a championship. Barring a miracle, I don't see Karl making it out of this year
broncfn90::I agree 100% we need to stop orange sliceing with these nuggets and Karl
broncfn90::Sounds like the same thing from last year, and the year after that.
kcowling20::Yes, and they have always made the playoffs. What happens from there on out is what counts.
theanimal53::I don't question them getting into the playoffs either. I just want to get out of the first round, and go from there.
broncfn90::This nuggets team is becoming a hot mess. They are playing uninspired basketball, giving up leads, players that got their money and now are playing like crap. But wait, there is more, a coach that has his team. HIS! TEAM!, that he wanted, and he continues to show nothing for it. Also, I never liked the iggy trade. We gave up a solid leader in Harrington for him. Ill wait another month before crap really starts to hit the fan for this team.
broncfn90::it does not matter. we can agree that was a bad trade. by the way Harrington put us in the lead in the final mins in game 7 vs. the lakers last year
kcowling20::Solid leader in Harrington? You got the wrong guy pal. That was Afflalo. Harrington is garbage.
PFMGOAT86::Karl's time has passed, the team isn't listening anymore
PochoPantera::Get rid of Karl, then make trades
Paterade::Agreed. A losing record with that talent is inexcusable no matter the schedule.
theanimal53::Magic Johnson mentioned Nuggets should go after Gasol since his name is floating around trade rumors. I'm not sure if that's smart. Gasol is soft.
phattybumbum::Koufous and mozgov for Gasol
Fire George Karl 2012::Gasol has put up with a lot of sh.it in LA. A change might improve his game.
kcowling20::Nuggets have no use for Gasol. Koufus, Faried, McGee, Gallinari, Mozgov are all there.
zdunn1785::In other words hes trying to help the lakers.
Mudvaynian573::Lawson for Gasol... join the other teams that have been shafted by lakers trades.
Jeff Teague stole my other username::<b>GO HAWKS</b>
LetsGoBraves2012::anybody see these 2 rumors 1.  lakers looking into trading gasol for bargnani and calderon 2.  heat looking into signing delonte west
Paterade::I really wish we could get a two guard who could shoot the ball and create shots, A guy like JR Smith would help. I wonder how you get one of those guys....oh wait
soloartist11::AKA JORDAN HAMILTON
kcowling20::JR Smith was hot or cold. That is basically the Nuggets in a nutshell, we need someone more consistent than that.
kcowling20::Yes, AAA was great for this team. Rather have him than Iggy, at this moment.
Paterade::You mean someone like aron afflalo
theanimal53::Well Corey Brewer is pretty much our JR Smith. Don't forget that you never knew what kind of an night JR would have when he played for the Nuggets. He was great offensively , but could also shoot you out of ball games.
Paterade::JR Smith was way better than Jordan Hamilton but yes it might help if Hamilton got some minutes
soloartist11::Dude we haven't even been able to see the potential of JHAM.   I think he could be way better than JR
soloartist11::Yeah we have him...his name is Jordan Hamilton
Fire George Karl 2012::Karl doesn't give his players any confidence or support! after almost every win he says "We didnt even play good, we should have lost" he gives young guys playing time for a game then they never see the court again!
soloartist11::Biggest takeaway from this game.   Announcers called out GK on his lack of ANY sort of offensive/defensive system.
Paterade::I'm pretty sure George Karl would have benched Kevin Durant for his first two years
LetsGoBraves2012::HAWKS GONNA GET THAT 3 SEED
jbatcha21::Teague is gone if we are able to land Paul.  Our lineup would probably be Paul, Korver, Smith, Horford, Howard with Lou being the 6th man.
zdunn1785::lol one can can only dream man but it could happen even if theres just 1% probability.
Munger88::I've started rooting against the Lakers now, hoping they miss the playoffs altogether making Dwight leave and join the Hawks. Then the Clippers follow suit (early playoff exit) and we bring over CP3 too. A lineup of Paul-Teague-Smith-Horford-Howard... aah I can dream...
zdunn1785::i honestly hope not man we need a high draft pick going into next year with so much cap space. If no superstars sign here the offf season coming up we will be the same avg team that never reach the finals. imo
Paterade::I'd way rather watch Faried, McGee, Lawson, Igoudala and Hamilton take their lumps than watch this. If we are going to lose, play your potential.
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Nuggets will go back to what they were before they drafted Melo and thats SUCKING
hussein623::ur a butthurt nugs fan
rwilliams75::When was the last time the Hawks were elite? oh wait, I answered my own question.
zdunn1785::Im gonna assume you dont know who Dominique Wilkins is...
soloartist11::Dude...why are you even in here?
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Ima Hawks fan
mcz84::George Karls excuse is that we have alot of home games on January ..but good teams win on the road also quit making excuses for your failure to coach ughhh
soloartist11::Can we all agree?   THAT F.UCKING JAZZ FAN FROM INDIA CAN GO BATHE IN EXCREMENT
JazzFanFromINDIA::LOL !!!! You guys aint know anything about India. :)
Votto4mvp055045::screw punjabs
The Brooklyn Dynasty is Legit::put chandler on the nets. we'll take him :)
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::I was close!!! ----------------------  Almost an evenly match game right here too bad the East this year has been shiitten on the West in there Head to head matchups.    108-105 Hawks 4 Hours Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  Edit  Share  Trivial Psychic Nuggets have owned the East for years, 16-2 last season. 3 Hours Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED This aint Last season bro, too bad last season came on no training camp and practice season
ESPNisBSNEWZ::NO ONE CARES
Luxor922::Nuggets are a deep team, they'll figure things out and be in the playoff hunt
RoidRage1986::Who cares about another 6-8 seed 1 and done? I want progress. Not the same crap we've been seeing for years.
Votto4mvp055045::TO EVERYONE TALKING ABOUT WILSON CHANDLER:  this guy is a major pussio he goes out 10 games returns in phoenix plays a game then hits the shelf again the guys useless
LetsGoBraves2012::Lakers should trade Pau Gasol to the Bulls for Luol Deng
NuggetsFanInKC::what !!?? how would that help the bulls... totally doesnt fit when boozer is already there and he sucks too haha bulls need a shooting guard not a nother bum PF
ESPNisBSNEWZ::bulls dont need another overpaid PF
