johndoe5699::What happened Wizards, you were making the playoffs every year just 5 years ago.
Reality_And_Truth::Maybe I was wrong......Kentucky might be able to hang with the Wizards........
lamriverside11::Kobe Bryant Lights up the Clippers for 31 Points IS HE BACKK?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLir2enNEnM
Reality_And_Truth::Kobe Bryant is a Rapist and should be in Jail Today in Eagle, Colorado.......
black people will take over the world i promise you::PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCMENT: You need to realize the threat black people have on us, they are unstoppable if used correctly, they can shut down water supply, they can kill our children, its really bad people! look at the slavery times, the black people adapted to the whether! it was hot as hell but they survived! howd they do it? i believe it is because black people are a hybrid from gorillas, they have the features of gorillas and the strength of gorillas and they have the traits! the world will end due to black people, black people will kill us all because black people have a ridiculous amount of resources! these blacks need to be stopped!~ NOW
college hill cincinnati::Another good win
bagofmoney_30::JOHN WALL IS BAD
Reality_And_Truth::Wall 5 for 15 from the floor with 5 Turnovers.....a lot of glitz and glamour, but no real game....not a winner.....
cp3andcompany::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
baja00::Pacers scared me a bit against the Wizards, but I am glad they were able to pull it off! <a href="http://bit.ly/Hq1zLe">read</a> and comment!!!
Reality_And_Truth::Great game by Hansbrough......
kozanski2000::The Wiz know how to tank. They know how vital it is to get a top-3 pick in this draft. Golden State could learn a lesson or two.
WVUVIKINGS1224::We Want Anthony Davis!!
glenready::pacer playoff powerhouse.
jayshah96::Im starting to hate the pacers...mainly cuz of a cheap win last night
Taco with a Q::Cheap win?  That was an $@% kicking.  Pacers seem like they like to tease their opponents cause they are clearly a second half team
nblucas97::If you hate wins like that, then you hate every team in the league. It's called basketball.
hoosierfan008::i am starting to hate you, mainly because that was the most pointless comment i have seen
joemcleod83::How does a guy who is 7 foot 3 have 0 rebounds!!! how is that possible???
Taco with a Q::sometimes the ball just doesnt go your way
JeremyAce4::Pacers!
coltsman668845::A pacers successful season means.......putting up a fight in the 2nd round, anything else is a disapointment
basketballthomas::agreed
Experienced Veteran::I think if we somehow land Davis (very unlikely) we should try to trade John Wall for the #2 pick and get MKG. Then we'd have a very nice core with those 2 guys.
Taco with a Q::DC isnt terrible
baja00::Trade John Wall to the Pacers! We'll give ya Darren Collison and a pat on the back!
Reality_And_Truth::Darren Collison is terrible
vaplaya0::$@%!$@% comment
adavisrc09::Central Division got 2 .600 teams  OOOOOOOH YEAH
Experienced Veteran::Good game pacers sincerely! Hope we get better next season and put up a better fight when we play you again!
champ 32::I love the pacers sooo much they are such good team
harry46774::hope the pacers can keep this up for friday vs. thunder
GeorgetownDCman::yes the Wizards suck, but we are completely blowing this team up. We will get some good free agents in the off-season and maybe the number 1 pick. Hopefully we can also trade John Wall's dopey $@%
Robdee999::Good Game Wizards
GeorgetownDCman::yeah good game. Hopefully you guys make a run in the east come playoff time because I am tired of the Celts/Heat/Bulls dominance
SFEST13::Collison never gets a double double. NEVER. person keeping stats must be drunk.
Taco with a Q::So your sotally tober?
SFEST13::I swear to drunk I'm not god
Taco with a Q::Or your drunk..and if you are I applaude you
Robdee999::lol. he got one today and with assist and great shooting.
Robdee999::I can't wait for the OKC game, It's good we are resting our starters so they can have the most coming into the OKC game. We have to beat them. But I don't want the notoriety anymore because I want teams to sleep on the Pacers coming into the playoffs so we can give them nightmares.
Rexanilatorz::LANCE STEPHENSON JEFF PENDERGRAPH AJ PRICE
Dirtybearcub::another pathetic game by the wizards
Rexanilatorz::COLLINSON IS PLAYING SO AWESOME FINALLY!!!
Taco with a Q::I hope he can contunue to do this
Reality_And_Truth::Collison is terrible.....
TGoat42::Easy $$$$
roy hibbert goodingest kisser::ok im done... goodnight and good kiss
Robdee999::Peace out....
TimDuncangetting1forthethumb::I put2k on Indiana over 100 team points ...thanks....
JeremyAce4::Yeah, whatever.  By 2K you mean $2?
crandall678::The Wizards are the poster child for contraction in the NBA
WhiteChiliWhiteChili::yeah, because no one in Indiana enjoys watching basketball.  That's for sure.
maguirec3::pacers are the smaller market? stop
Whytie::Pacers are winning though and have better fan support right now.
Experienced Veteran::Actually the Pacers would be gone b4 the Wizards. Smaller market.
Experienced Veteran::lmao. Thanks for proving my point.
crandall678::What does :P stand for? Piece of shit?
Experienced Veteran::Then you are an idiot :P
maguirec3::cuz theyre not, at all
crandall678::I don't believe Indianapolis is a smaller sports market than Washington.
roy hibbert goodingest kisser::where all the wiz fans now??? o yea... there were none
Dirtybearcub::same here...unfortunately
Experienced Veteran::I'm a Wiz fan :D
Hawaiian Raiders::Ima NBA fan.....They will get better, but not this year fosho..
cotyhu::Pacers better be paid attention to.. because we ready to make some noise in the playoffs
Taco with a Q::Its a step forward so stop hating
maguirec3::pacers win one round at absolute most
maguirec3::lol good one
Taco with a Q::damn right!!!
Experienced Veteran::Could the Cavs be more obvious with their tanking? Losing their last 8 and not even competitive anymore.
Hawaiian Raiders::Want more more lottery balls
23germany::they start sloan parker gee thompson jamison  thats just as bad as this team right here.
Hawaiian Raiders::Wow they are still on the over SH..at this point ima hitting myself..dam 98 was the SH OU...
23germany::there is no place on earth where john wall would be a professional basketball player except for the nba  its so obvious that he has almost no basketball skills. just an athlete that picked the wrong game
Hawaiian Raiders::Needs to learn more...Very young player here..
NGplayinskillz::Should have stayed in college one more year.
roy hibbert goodingest kisser::ATLANTA IS BEATING CHARLOTTE?!?!
Experienced Veteran::Pacers are lucky they have Hibbert or they'd be screwed.
Taco with a Q::As a Pacers fan....we got VERY LUCKY to draft Granger...he was a projected top 5 pick
Hawaiian Raiders::Indiana is a good team ...there on the up swing...look at there record..and yes Hibbert is one of there good player...
Hawaiian Raiders::Granger as well..hello
roy hibbert goodingest kisser::what an odd thing to say? that's like saying if the lakers didn't have kobe they would be screwed...lol u mad
marat75::Come on, Gizzards.
Taco with a Q::DC with 15 pts and 10 dimes.....Id be happy if he can do that every night.  Not even points so much but DEFF assists
roy hibbert goodingest kisser::kentucky won the ncaa championship
ima brave falcon hawk::THE MARLINS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! L0L!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Taco with a Q::I'm glad I dont gamble.  It turns Mofo's brain dead and stupid as you can clearly see on these boards!!!
maguirec3::lol sygroff you're a moron claiming pacers arent covering, are you watching the game
Taco with a Q::Clearly he is not otherwise he wouldnt be a hater
sygroff11::ur a wussy
Taco with a Q::Not everyone but some
Taco with a Q::I also liked how you also were the first one to reply to my comment as well...lmaooo
maguirec3::cool your jets man, alot of us aren't low lifes and make a good amount of $ doing this.. watch it
Taco with a Q::No its called I have a good job and dont need to gamble like a low life you basterds are
sygroff11::F Scott Foster is Gambling on this no way pacers cover
maguirec3::pacers r taking care of business, no concerns
sygroff11::If you know who Scott Foster is you would have your concerns
Taco with a Q::I hope you dont have kids...cause we dont need anymore $@%!$ on earth
maguirec3::yeah this guy is dumb
Taco with a Q::No way Pacers cover?
maguirec3::pacers r fine
mwlevine::Granger playing well again....
ppokie24::the lephone, only vibrates no ring http://bustasports.com/?page_id=169
lmssports1::HAHA TRU the memes on that site are HILARIOUS too ahahaa
roy hibbert goodingest kisser::tomorrow at 1 oclock, i will take the train from philly to trenton for a 4 day easter break. thanks
Hawaiian Raiders::?
roy hibbert goodingest kisser::u deserve it
roy hibbert goodingest kisser::lol. will do. u take care of urself
roy hibbert goodingest kisser::tell me about it. school can be too much sometimes. let ur hair down gurl
roy hibbert goodingest kisser::thanks man. i know its been tough
Experienced Veteran::Hibbert is the Pacers best player.
Taco with a Q::The TEAM is the Pacers best player.  God I hate these fake NBA fans thinking they know the Pacers when they dont know DICK about them
Hawaiian Raiders::I need granger to score 7 more points thats all..and the gold ring is mine..
Hawaiian Raiders::Ima stay away from the SH play....I won 1Q and FH overs..
