Rab::Once again, Rubio has an off shooting night. Free throw shooting was the difference. You can see the fear on the "Wolves" coaches faces when the bench players enter the game. The bench players are not helping the starters, they are a problem. I would keep them in the locker room and call them out as needed. That way, they would be fresh. The reason, this may help, it appears, they are not paying attention to what is happening on the court.   It is hard to win when the opponent has "eight" players on the court and you have five. The benchers may want to consider working out in the shooting arena reserved for the kids and possibly get some pointers from them. Benchers, you are disappointing the fans. Give them something positive to talk about after the game based on your play.
asaki::It was mainly about KD, but Fisher had some timely shots, and Ibaka came up with a couple of clutch defensive plays.
Anthony::Minnesota has trouble closing out close games. They are 27th in 4th quarter points. Love and Pekovic give this team no Rim Protection. They are 28th in Opponent Points in the Paint and 30th (Last) in Blocks Per Game. Unless they address these problems they are going to be an average team despite their Offensive Scorers. Love 26.3, Martin 19.9, Pekovic, 17.6.
whoaaa::The T-Wolves need ONE more guy that can PLAY D.  K-Love, Pek, K-Mart literally play ZERO defense.  Rubio is actually a good defender, and Brewer is decent.  But the team needs another player that can space the floor and play lockdown D.
Fort Apache::Talk about Minnesota getting screwed by the refs, and two games in a row. In this game there was a block where they called a charge against Minny, and then there was a phantom call where Corey Brewer didn't even touch Durant when Durant was faking that he hurt his leg - I forget what the third call was - this was all in the 4th quarter. Teams like Minny have no chance with referees calling reputation fouls.
Cut The Cheese::Can you imagine how many more points OKC would have if Durant would have shared the points with his teammates?  He's got 46 and the next player has 13 points, thats a mighty big spread between the two.
I State Facts And You Get Mad::This is what LBJ went thru when on the Cavs and people questioned why he left, hahaha KD scores 48 and they barely win... KD has more talent on his team than LBJ had in any of those 7 years in Cleveland... Obviously i am talking about the Thunder without Westbrook.... KD would never be able to carry a team to the Finals... He had his chance last season when the West was not very good and failed big time
brett::Go Wolves Check out this Youtube video called MIND BENDING THUMB BENDING. Wolves show superior athleticism.
El Jefe MN::Perkins getting PEK-er slapped repeatedly.
CYRUS C::gotta commend KD for his performance tonight
