Fdaveokc::Nowhere in any of the ESPN articles does it say that OKC made the playoffs with this win. Why is that?
stengelsbarber::Move Westbrook and Perkins to 2nd unit. Bring in great ball handler and kevin martin to 1st unit.
Seskatchewan::Role players attribute to winning games. Look at LA
stengelsbarber::Just try it. They cant beat miami with the same old stuff they have been doing all season.
stengelsbarber::does Westbrick really need to take 23 shots a night? When is Brooks going to reel this dude in??
I worship TV::Maybe when the Thunder stop winning games? Just a thought.
bigd2sd::Dirk had ZERO FG attempts in the 4th Quarter. I've always liked Carlisle but I can't figure out what he's doing at the end of games here lately. He keeps drawing up plays for Carter when the ball should clearly be in Dirk's hands. Disappointing... but congrats on the win OKC fans.
dragon1233::I wish OKC would give a Boston person some credit...I was ridiculed and laughed at and taunted but it now shows that I was dead on...I told you Kendrick Perkins sucks and he rode KG, PIerce's and Ray Allen's coat tails.  1 Point 6 rebounds...he sucks.  But your team is awesome!!!!! LOVE westbrook..LOVE LOVE LOVE him
Seskatchewan::His post defense on other teams' centers makes up for it. If you have 1 point and 6 rebounds, it doesnt mean you did nothing. It could mean he prevented 12 points in the paint
ChandlerFromOKC::We can't constantly blame Russ for Durant's lack of aggression. Often times during games, Durant just stands around and defers to RW. HE LETS RW take more shots than him.
bigd2sd::Durant scored 19 in the 4th... That's hardly deferring.
Heat Haters United::Westbrooooooooooooookkkkkkkkkkk!
ruedsone10::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWDTQmKL1vI    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWDTQmKL1vI       http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWDTQmKL1vI
ruedsone10::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWDTQmKL1vI
ruedsone10::Westbrook is garbish   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWDTQmKL1vI
ruedsone10::OKC sucks   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWDTQmKL1vI
BoWendy McHardie Bugers::Westbrook is a good pg but he is not consistent with his shots. He should take his time a not settle for bad shots especially if someone is wide open an you could geta easy assist.
David011250::Good point. No one can get to the rim for the Thunder like Westbrook. He causes the defense more adjustments than anyone else.
David011250::10 straight wins over the Mavs!!!
ruedsone10::OKC don't have what it takes to get past the Spurs. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWDTQmKL1vI
BoWendy McHardie Bugers::u just a bandwagoner is what you is
ruedsone10::I'm actually a Heat fan.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Even more lame then.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Lmao, the only people that think that are spurs fans. While the rest of the world knows that is complete bs.  Just like last season. Spurs fans are starting to prove just how ignorant they can be.
David011250::It will be tough to beat the Spurs. Pops was not sure how the Thunder did it last year!! He will really be confused if they do it again! Thunder is young. They will counter against the Spurs superior bench with extended minutes for the OKC starters.
BoWendy McHardie Bugers::shut yo $@% up bruh i bet u was astonished when they lost in the playoffs last year want you
50stm::good win for OKC.  but they will not win the big one with Westbrook takes more shots per game then Durant.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Yet they keep in winning.  Try again homer.
Sonic_Sooner::Just STOP it, Bayless Clone.
hornsfanatx86::30 free throw attempts to the Mavs 16. Sounds about right
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Yep, sloppy play by the mavs  yet again.
Mr. Bradford::We sent the Thunder to the line waaay too many times.
ChandlerFromOKC::We got the Nuggets coming up!  Nuggets will be dead-tired since they play Monday on the road in Chicago and then have to fly out to OKC and play the next night. Thunder W coming up.
Sonic_Sooner::Let's hope so.  Denver is one of the few teams that match the Thunder athletically and they always play their best against us (Karl does his best coaching against us as well).  We NEED to get this one, because then WE go on a back to back road trip, to Memphis.
ChandlerFromOKC::OKC : 50-17   Yet people still insist that Russell Westbrook is a cancer to the team. Absolutely ridiculous. Without Russ, this Thunder team would be nothing more than a 5-8 seed with no chance of contending for a title.
ThunderUp...GoBirds::Westbrook is an easy target but there is no way they would be as good as they are without him.
jeffg07::But some of that is on KD. He is not aggresive at times. There are times where he disapears and just stands around. Come on guys we cant just blame Russ for this
Sonic_Sooner::It's more on KD than Russell.  How many times do we see Russell dribbling at the top of the key, staring at KD, who is trying to get open against a double or triple team?  Then as the shot clock runs down, Russell has to throw a shot up because the play has broken down.  I'd say this happens 4-5 times a game, where the play was called for KD to get a shot or an isolation with the ball, and Russell is FORCED to shoot.  That's on KD and Scott Brooks (the play-caller), not on Russell.  Now, I agree that there are 2-3 times a game where Russell runs down the court and throws up a 20 footer with 15-20 seconds still on the shot clock and that DOES bother me.    But Russell Athletic is the PG of this team, and one of the 5 best PGs and one of the 10 best players in the NBA.  I wouldn't have it any other way.
springfresh3.1::As an OKC fan, this comment is wrong on all accounts.  How many times has Russ been in a shooting slump compared to KD's??  As much as I love Russ Im starting to see that there is a chemistry problem and it starts with Russ.  He has an emotional problem and is going to cost this team.  Remember the blow up against Thabo?
ChandlerFromOKC::I agree with you. Russ should defer to Durant more often. It's frustrating to see Durant take 18 shots a game knowing his ability. KD would easily be averaging 30+ points per game if he took 20-22 shots a game.
springfresh3.1::That is one game though.  It happens but the comparison of a slumping game of KD vs Russ is night and day.  Give KD a pass first PG and see how far this team can go.  If Russ was put back at the 2 and give OKC a pure PG, this team would fly high.  Problem though is, Sef would get screwed and we need him as the defensive anchor for the starting 5.    Russ is very athletic and brings high value to the team, but when you have a Superstar in KD, there is going to be a rift.  Russ wants to be that guy so bad that his actions will cost OKC in the long run.  I, for the longest time try to deny this but after watching more and more of whats going on this season, it's obvious that there is a chemistry problem.  KD needs to take the reins and put Russ in his place.
ChandlerFromOKC::I do question Russ' decision making from time-to-time, but lets face reality. He consistently puts up 20-8-4. He's a great basketball player that still has a lot to learn. Without him, I highly doubt the Thunder would be championship contenders. Take for example last night's game. Durant was slumping through the 1st 3 quarters. and Russ helped carry him until he snapped out of it. Then Durant took over in the 4th.
ChandlerFromOKC::Russ won this game for OKC. KD was struggling all night long shooting 3-11 in the 1st 3 quarters. Russ put the team on his back and carried them until KD took over in the 4th. I hope people don't start complaining that Russ took 5 more shots than KD.
ThadCastle.::Why does the media always attempt to stir up controversy? Russ and KD are close friends and don't hate eachother. It's clear Skip Bayless has brainwashed America.
ThadCastle.::Russ and KD were just too much for the Mavs last night. Props to the Mavs for hanging in there.
KiD.Clutch.35::Why anyone trade Russ for Rondo?  Celtics lost him and are better.  Idiots.
legacyreaper33::So Cuban is upset Fisher wanted to get out of the cesspool that is the Dallas Mavericks.  Cuban should be upset at himself for letting a solid defender like Tyson Chandler go, instead of pining for a PG that should've retired 3 years ago.
gdavisda::George Bush is from Connecticut, nice try though
Jmet15::I think Cuban is upset that outside of Texas there are no men that can keep their word.
jeffg07::"All Texas men are honorable great guys" George Bush
alex2454367::Kobe Bryant Career Per Game Stats: 25.5 points, 5.3 rebounds, 4.7 assists, 1.5 steals and 0.5 blocks on 45.4 percent shooting    LeBron James Career Per Game Stats: 27.6 points, 7.2 rebounds, 6.9 assists, 1.7 steals and 0.8 blocks on 48.4 percent shooting  STATS DONT LIE   #HEATNATION
itmakessense::Rondo for Westbrook, everybody wins.
ThunderHornz::No
Strike 1 yer OUT::no thanks, Rondo breaks. Russ doesent
AndrewOKC::Anyone who isn't a Thunder fan (GOES TO GAMES and watches news consistently), and is just a person making speculation I can assure you of one thing.  Westy and Durant are not in some clash that you all WANT to believe is happening.  Whatever BS you see on the court are just two competitors.  Anyone who has played sports other than golf or tennis knows this.  Get over i people they are not only not enemies they are friends.
sportsreality::The thing about going over the salary cap for the next few years is that teams will not be able to just go over because they have money like the Mavs, the Lakers, and the Knicks have done in the past; their penalty goes up every year and they will be stuck with bad player contracts if they go over too.
sportsreality::The contenders next year will be totally different from this year.  I just looked up an article on teams with cap space trouble next year and it seems that all this year's contenders will be in trouble and will be forced to trade some of their larger contracts, which means superstars.  That's why the Thunder traded Harden and the Grizzlies traded Gay.  Another problem is that if they're over the salary cap, they won't be able to do sign and trades so they will be stuck with bad contracts.   Celtics 1.3m over; Lakers 29.6 over; Bulls 3.8 over; Knicks 9.9 over; Heat 13.1 over; Nets 12.8 over  http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1532847-nba-teams-with-worst-salary-cap-problems-heading-into-2013-nba-trade-deadline
sportsreality::I hope so.  I hope he and Nelson really pay attention this year and have several plans in place in case the main one doesn't work out.  This year can be very interesting.  I predict that all the teams will be very different next year.
sportsreality::I haven't agreed with a lot that the Mavs front office has done this year, but I think they're going to get the last laugh on this one.  If they plays their cards right, they'll be good.
LetsGoMavs-::Agreed. They need to plan for plan A, B, C, D instead of just focusing on just 1 plan
LetsGoMavs-::teams under the cap and have lots cap will be getting free gifts. Go Mavs!!!  Cuban knows what he's doing. Sacrifice 1 year for better years
--Td4mvp3 -::GO SPURS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;)
sportsreality::Moving on to next year.  Who do we get with all this cap space that we have?
LetsGoMavs-::Dwight, Cp3, Bynum, JJ Hickson, Pekovik, AL Jefferson, Josh Smith, Monta Ellis, Jennings, Igodala, and many more  More players to choose from this years free agency than last year
sportsreality::This will be the first year that teams will be dumping players like never before.  Kobe was laughing about being amnestied, but players who have been franchise players in the past will be the most vulnerable.
thunderguy80::here are all players available this summer   http://www.hoopsworld.com/2013-nba-free-agents/
thunderguy80::here's a complete list of free agents this summer and next summer  http://espn.go.com/nba/story/_/id/8589693/nba-free-agents-2013-2014
sportsreality::Who are the standouts in the draft?
thunderguy80::Justinkm83 - Uh the Heat and Mavs need a center  I said contender and the Mavs r far from that..and the Heat can't afford Gortat he's a $8-$9 million dollar player..plus Miami has Bosh and Gortat won't come off the bench and Bosh won't give up his starting position
LetsGoMavs-::What makes you think Mavs will not be contenders again? We've been contenders from 2000 to 2012 and this is our worst year in 13 years  Plus we have cap and the owner bro. Mavs will be back.
sportsreality::Two years ago, no one thought the Clippers would ever be contenders or the Pacers so everything changes from year to year.  I think Denver might be the surprise team this year, and they're really under the radar.
RjEddy919::i believe in westbrook but i dont believe in the combination of him and durant. eventually they're going to clash and one is going to have to go. both of their games require a dominat post palyer to compliment their game instead of another wing..ala kobe and shaq.
amtrack5::when Westbrook is out of the line-up KD performs much much better.
BlueSh1rt::That's pretty short-sighted. Westbrook is a huge part of Thunder offense. Of course when he is on the bench KD scores more. Makes perfect sense.
amtrack5::they clash already...its very obvious from game to game.  Durant plays a patient game like James Harden.  Westbrook likes to go attack mode and pass to post-man when he feels like it
Strike 1 yer OUT::KD had 6 really dumb turnovers tonight..  real patient game? what are you watching
LetsGoMavs-::How many close games have we lost this year??? Anyways Mavs vs OKC games are always close and it is still close in our worst year in 13 years. Mavs will be back next year. We got the cap and the owner to be contenders again like the last 12 years
sportsreality::I hope Cuban and Nelson know what to do with the cap space.  Their decisions in the last 2 years have been very questionable.
eneke::Them Mavs need to shave. The ploy was doomed from the get go. Makes even less sense now. It's not like .500 will get em to the Playoffs for that matter, not that they will even get back to it.
thunderguy80::if the Thunder can get Marcus Smart in the draft and then pick up Gortat in free agency the Thunder would be unstoppable.
griffrox11::That would be great because Gortat is way better than perkins
esstea23::Smart will probably go well before the Thunder pick.
amtrack5::don't like it too much, tis a dream only lol
Justinkm83::Uh the Heat and Mavs need a center.
Jacks_Link::Smart is a beast.
thunderguy80::u never know...Gortat won't stay in Pheonix after this season...he'll want to go play for a contender and OKC is the only contender in need of a big man...and OKC has good chance of picking up Smart in the draft
thunderguy80::imagine this lineup....Smart,Westbrook,Ibaka,Durrant and Gortat..off the bench Jackson,Kmart,Sefelosha and Lamb....talk about Lethal
thunderguy80::Liggins or Jones III or maybe even Thabeet
PINKYCUZ-OKC::Who the 5th off the bench???
KiD.Clutch.35::I kinda like the sound of that.
esstea23::Does anyone else not really feel threatened by the Spurs? I don't think they can hold up in a playoff series against the more athletic teams like OKC.
jf20219::Reg season series is 2-1, last game winning without Parker and when you got Westbrook taking more shots than Durant and the bench I don't think the Spurs are worried too much..
esstea23::Really? The Spurs aren't too worried? I would guess that that's an inaccurate statement. The regular season is totally different than the playoffs. My point was the Spurs do well in the regular season, but they can't hang for seven games because they're just too slow.
luckyzac00::4 - 2 SPURS WIN.  BEAT HEAT in finals 4 - 3.  actually to be perfectly honest i would prefer to see you guys beat the heat as well.
esstea23::Apt analysis....
amtrack5::They can't beat the Thunder in a 7-game series.  Well they *can* but its not likely.  OKC can go to a gear that the Spurs just can't get to due to how athletic OKC is.
Jacks_Link::Spurs are good for a few wins, then old man syndrome sets in.
esstea23::I agree. The Spurs meticulous ways work well when teams aren't focused solely on them.
KiD.Clutch.35::What he said^^^   Plus in a 7 game series, Pop cant afford to rest Duncan and the other grandpas.
thunderguy80::if OKC can get Marcus Smart in the draft OKC would b a lethal team,not only that but pick up a center in free agency like Gortat...imagine this lineup....Smart,Westbrook,Ibaka,Durrant and Gortat..off the bench Jackson,Kmart,Sefelosha and Lamb....talk about unstoppable
thunderguy80::if OKC can get Marcus Smart in the draft and then pick up Marcin Gortat in free agency,OKC would b lethal
amtrack5::Am I the only one who thinks its ridiculous Durant had to tell Brooks "let me see the ball"
KiD.Clutch.35::You are not alone!!!
Jacks_Link::This is how I felt about the Mavs.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFEoMO0pc7k
KiD.Clutch.35::Sweet Brown cracks me up.
KiD.Clutch.35::I remember in the 2011 WCF when Dirk was eating Ibaka's lunch.  Feels good to see Serge get some payback.
amtrack5::seriously.  KD needs to master Dirk's post game and then its over for everyone.
thunderguy80::if OKC can get Marcus Smart in the draft OKC would b a lethal team,not only that but pick up a center in free agency like Gortat...imagine this lineup....Smart,Westbrook,Ibaka,Durrant and Gortat..off the bench Jackson,Kmart,Sefelosha and Lamb....talk about Lethal
thunderguy80::it won't let me post
Jacks_Link::lol
thunderguy80::oh now it will
thunderguy80::if OKC can get Marcus Smart in the draft OKC would b a lethal team,not only that but pick up a center in free agency like Gortat...imagine this lineup....Smart,Westbrook,Ibaka,Durrant and Gortat..off the bench Jackson,Kmart,Sefelosha and Lamb....talk about Lethal
thunderguy80::if OKC can get Marcus Smart in the draft OKC would b a lethal team,not only that but pick up a center in free agency like Gortat...imagine this lineup....Smart,Westbrook,Ibaka,Durrant and Gortat..off the bench Jackson,Kmart,Sefelosha and Lamb....talk about Lethal
thunderguy80::if OKC can get Marcus Smart in the draft OKC would b a lethal team,not only that but pick up a center in free agency like Gortat...imagine this lineup....Smart,Westbrook,Ibaka,Durrant and Gortat..off the bench Jackson,Kmart,Sefelosha and Lamb....talk about Lethal
esstea23::Ibaka ravaged the boards tonight. Dallas really has some terrible players this year, I'm surprised they're even as good as they are.
amtrack5::Not even offensive rebounds...just get me a good solid defensive rebounding night.  KD consistently has more rebounds than his team.  Him and Westbrook.  i mean cmooooon thats sorry lol
esstea23::He's a good player. He's going to be a great player. He does need to rebound more consistently and develop a better inside offensive game.
Jacks_Link::Nothing beats an Ibaka 3.,
amtrack5::for once in his life.  I got so mad when a ball bounced right in Ibaka's face and he didn't grab the defensive rebound.  He's too concerned with blocking shots, though it helps.
KiD.Clutch.35::Until Brooks quits slobbering Perks wee wee, I dont think OKC is getting THERE.  If you know what I mean.  Perk just cant stay up with Miami and EVERYONE on the floor has to be contributing offensively.  I swear to the Good Lord Perk drips melted butter on his hands pregame.
amtrack5::And he's good for at least 1 illegal screen call a game.  Wait did he get one today?!
amtrack5::Perk is decent screen fodder, but he is a mega burden.  Durant needs to stop trusting him with those passes.  He fumbles like every single one.
KiD.Clutch.35::EVERY one.
Eg214::Good Luck To OKC the rest of the way. My Mavs Are Having a disappointing Season this team does not have what it takes to even be .500. As Long as Its not the Heat and im sure it wont be the lakers winning it all ill Take that.
amtrack5::a certain someone blew the team up to chase a certain someone.  And a certain team kinda ignored the hottest player of the night, sort of like how a certain team they were playing did.  At least one coach fixed that problem lol
