_MagiCanes_::I was at the game last night. Great ball movement and team play without Dwight but the defense is atrocious. Hope Dwight can play in playoffs.
Rdhutchi::Best dunk montage I've seen in a while Check this out if you love dunks!!!!!!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDc-di5kIek
NBA_refs_are_weak::i like ryan anderson but theres no way, as the 76ers, does the dude grab 8 O boards when you're fighting for a playoff spot. absolutely pitiful
bjoellevine::I guess when you don't run the standard Magic offense (Dwight in the middle, everyone else at the 3-point line) good things can happen.  I certainly don't think  having Hedo out of the lineup is a bad thing.  Love seeing Orton and Clark showing what they can do, and I love moving Richardson to the 3 and starting Redick at 2.  Don't know if we can go anywhere with this lineup (and I do want Dwight back in the middle), but its fun to watch.
DEUBLER12::Dwight needs to be paying attention to these games. He needs to see how good our bench players are playing and needs to make sure he tells SVG to put them in when starters like Jameer, Jason, Hedo, are off and not making buckets. Better yet, STAN NEEDS TO OPEN HIS EYES and see how good of players we have.
mblally::That's cuz Otis gets rid of all the young talent we have...JJ Anderson Jameer and Dwight are the only young players he's been able to keep.  Gortat, C Lee, Ariza, etc. were all traded away (mostly in awful trades btw).
chromiumleaf::ALL TRUE
bjoellevine::My biggest gripe about Stan (and the Magic in general) is that they don't develop young players,  These guys need playing time in order to grow.
RylanT25::As a sixers fan, they dont deserve to make the playoffs. The better first round pick couldnt hurt anyway.
Road dog Red::How did THIS happen...the 76ers  are DONE
openminded43::This just proves....... Nelson should have been PUSHING and PENITRATING all season and that SVG should have been playing Clark and Orton more all season!!!
beyrleman82::I've been telling my buddy all season about Clark and Orton. SVG has no clue of his benches potential. We have some good players like Ish Smith, D. Leggins (sp?), Wafer and so on. Just b/c the guys aren't big names, they dont get playing time unless we are being blown out by 30 pts. Really over that nonsense. Seems they have actually meshed well in the absence of our All Star center. Turk just needs to stay away from the court.
kingoftha949::nikki benz
tank_dogg06::More wasted minutes of Meeks. 31 minutes and 5 points. Come on Collins get Turner in there more. He had 13 in less time. If you're not going to fully commit to him then trade him. Stop wasting our time and his.
ddolph2822::Sixers aren't looking too good. I'd rather have the 8th seed than 7th seed, but at this point... its looking like a first round exit regardless.
kobescored30butshot12for40::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found  this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it.Thought I would post this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works
freaky69az::Cripes, what the hell happened to the 76ers?????????
godsent224::I'm a Knick fan but really Philly. You lose to Orlando without Howard. You suck or are you tanking it to play Chicago in the first round?
Cashmon3y88::Don't sleep. Orlando is playing good right now without Dwight
bjoellevine::Yep.  Its like Linsanity, Knick fan...when the stars go down, other players get a chance to step up.  As for the Sixers, its like the Lebron led Cavs...I don't care about how good they do in the regular season.  I just want to know what their record is like against playoff calibre teams.  Cleveland always sucked against really good teams, so you know they were going out in the playoffs.
mmostello::Is this score some type of error? Did anybody tell the Sixers that Howard wasn't playing? This team blows and needs to be blown up. Trade Igodala this offseason and amnesty Brand. Time to start over. What a joke this season has been with all of the choke losses.
wilbur the pup::Doug Collins is to blame. It is always like this.  He takes a young team and rapidly leads them to a number of wins by introducing structure and accountability. However, with that comes an annoying grating nit-picking which, after you have raised these young men to maturity, REFUSES to let them BE MEN.  Soon, they come to HATE HIM (and this has been the way with EVERY Doug Collins team)
yorklinks2::it annoys me so much when ppl say lebrons not clutch and kobe is cuz well... thats wrong  kobe shoots .300fg% in the clutch, lebron has a .400fg%  if their stats in the clutch were throughout the whole game LEBRON is way better:  LeBron: 33.2ppg, 15.1rpg, 9.3apg, .386fg%  Kobe: 36.3ppg, 7.8rpg, 6.8apg, .327fg%  check out an article about that here, proof lebron is more clutch http://bustasports.com/?p=784
MagicBoltzRays::we only need 1 more Win or Knicks Loss to be assured a top 6 seed or higher.
b.ball_player28::we gotta stay at 6th. pacers are much easier match up than celtics.
Chris31708::Yeah, remember everyone thought the 76ers were a bad matchup for the Magic 2 months ago.
MagicBoltzRays::Pacers are 9-1 in their last 10 games.... not so sure we want to face them....
b.ball_player28::Magic could be leading the league in FT% without howard.
bjoellevine::Suddenly that Laker trade earlier this season doesn't seem so bad anymore.  Dwight is a monster on D, but his offensive game can be a liability at times.  Stan needs to figure out that you can't just run the offense from the 3-point line with Dwight down low.
b.ball_player28::so....where are the fans that said that knicks will get 6th spot. and magic will drop to 8th?  last time i check knicks didnt even clinched the playoffs yet...
MagicBoltzRays::I wish we could get Anthony Davis. he would fit really well for the Magic.
MagicBoltzRays::I forgot the 3 stars, but Masta got it.
KobeNoFamilyBryant::I hope Orlando gets the 6 seed so thats who the pacers get matched up with. Easy victory for the Pacers
Cashmon3y88::Lol and with Kobe the lakers wont make it past the 2nd round
KobeNoFamilyBryant::without dwight the magic will be the easiest team to beat in the east
bjoellevine::Isn't that what Sixers fans kept saying before the game?
MRArtman2u::no, the sixers will be then the pacers
MRArtman2u::how so? magic own the pacers so far this season, especially in indiana while being shorthanded
Legit_Troller::Its too bad that Dwight had a herniated disk because you never fully recover from a back injury like that completely. If he does play in playoff he won't be nearly 100%
Cashmon3y88::Howard will be fine.
Chris31708::The shortened season was the reason for that, he probably wouldn't have gotten hurt in a full season. $@%!$@% Stern.
denuggetz3::LIN BETTER NOT GET MIP JUST BECAUSE HE PLAYED GOOD FOR 5 GAMES AAA DESERVES IT HANDS DOWN
tarumpaw::no contest who is the MIP
AIRjordanORL::I think this is going to help Orlando in the long run...I do think Dwight will return for the playoffs, but having him out right now allows other players to step up and gain confidence, something I feel like a lot of Magic players were missing. Especially Nelson and Davis. Davis has proven he can play, and Nelson has stepped up immensely since Howard went out as well. When Dwight comes back, I see this possibly being a very dangerous underdog team because other players besides Dwight will have confidence. Even Earl Clark has got going the last few games!
bjoellevine::What?  You don't think that the Magic can win a championship by dumping the ball into Dwight and having him kick it out to the arc EVERY SINGLE POSSESSION?
Cashmon3y88::You took the words right out my mouth. Good S.h.i.t.  Let's Go Magic!!!
Gatorboy001::Orlando's offense moves sooooooo much better without Dwight calling for the ball on half of the plays.
TheCronoMasterMind::Ball movement was nice on offense, but Orlando hasn't been able to play defense without Howard. Also, Nelson could have cost us the game with 6 turnovers. He was 3-13 going into the 4th quarter, but managed to make 4 of his last 5 shots, so I guess you can call him clutch, since he made the shots that counted.
bjoellevine::"4 of 5 in the 4th quarter?  Dang!  Those are crazy numbers!" - Lebron
Chris31708::Nice to see Casper Anderson showing up tonight. Let's see if he shows up against Boston or he disappears again.
jnivri8::I love the Sixers but they are undersized and get pushed around physically. this team needs to get bigger and tougher if they are going to start doing anything and doing nothing at the trade deadline shows that the front office is out of touch with what other teams are doing.
L.A.beanbryant::earl clark needs a nickname...at Lville he was E5 cux of his number, but i like EC3, E3, big earl...dudes ballin!!!!!!!
openminded43::Earl "the Pearl" Monroe???
tarumpaw::you don't need a nickname when your name is earl.
Jacol84::Sixers started great by playing team defense.  Tonight they give up 40 pts IN A QUARTER to a team missing its best player AND his backup.  They just keep getting worse and worse.  Doubt they will make the playoffs, but how could they win a game against the Bulls or Heat anyway?
buckeyetjn80::i know ryan anderson, he sold me insurance last week
nbafan22222::Philly or Bucks will make the playoffs?
Milwaukee Bucks.::Hopefully my Bucks will make it. Bucks still play philly one more time
AceManCometh03::bulls will destroy both in the playoffs so flip a coin
WiscoMase23::i will agree, but still good to make the playoffs
goalie1113::still leaning sixers with only a few games left - but a HUGE game coming up against the bucks
assclap2::stan van gundy on nba tv after the win talking about dwight howard http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DF4QyjJNuXo&amp;feature=channel&amp;list=UL
goalie1113::Fewest wins in the NBA over last two months: Bobcats (4), Wizards (7), Cavs (8), Kings (10), Warriors (10), Sixers (11).  Great company for my sixers.... lol
AceManCometh03::started playing better competition. they are what they are. something has to be done during the off-season. this team as is will get the 7th or 8th seed every year and lose in the first round.
goalie1113::little bit of both. theyve lost to crap teams like washington, the nets, raptors... and getting torched by a dwight/hedo/davis - less magic team....
phunky58::i have a feeling philly isnt  going to make the playoffs
Jacol84::Lookin that way, isn't it?
KnicksfanTD::i thought the Magic were supposed to go on a losing streak with howard out then the knicks would slip into 6th damn
CandySparker::ORL Lotta Love!
KnicksJetsYankees03::thank you Orlando.. Go Knicks
AIRjordanORL::Orlando has played well against the Heat this year, I wouldnt count them out. Especially if Dwight returns, Miami's post game is awful.
KnicksfanTD::I was suprised at how well the knicks played the heat in the last game. The heat aren't looking as good these days as at the beginning  of the season
Elton7323::why thank orlando for facing the heat lol
Michael_Orlando_Magic4life.::I really hope Dwight Howard comes back.
AllFloridaGuy::Good win, Magic. Nice to see the team do well without Howard. Orlando sure did prove a whole bunch of people wrong tonight.
Elton7323::my question is what happen to the sixers. 20-9 before break and like 11-20 after  lmao
123cooldog::0.500 team
picaac15::Why did the Sixers have to start 20-9, just brought everyone's hopes up before returning to right about average once again
goalie1113::10-21 in their last 31 games suggests that theyre actually below average lol
Michael_Orlando_Magic4life.::Pacers are a good team.  No disrespect but I would rather Magic play them than the veteran experienced Celtics.
Boston17Swagger::Good game Magic. Thanks for dismantling the 76ers! Lets have a good game Wednesday shall we? I actually want to see how the Magic can perform against us without Howard, Turkoglu and Glen Davis.
codeblu99::Definitely one of the more entertaining games of the season. Great ball movement!  This team can't win long term without D12, but it was sweet not to have to watch a bunch of bricks at the FT line.......just saying!
Michael_Orlando_Magic4life.::Pacers been playing bad teams.  They played the injured Timberwolves tonight.  Not hating just telling the facts.
IMCJ2010::Nah, they still would've lost.
Elton7323::if they still had rubio the wouldve dimolish indiana
Michael_Orlando_Magic4life.::O town is ready for playoffs
Michael_Orlando_Magic4life.::3 players got a double double.  Clark, Nelson, and Anderson.
Michael_Orlando_Magic4life.::Earl Clark and Daniel Orton looking good.
