joemas1987::lebron james never get tired  i wonder if he is on some type of drugs  jordan dont respect  him and i think melo is better than him more clutch
rainmaker2007::LeBron complains about the non calls, but during the streak he shot more FTs than anyone in the league.  Imagine if Melo were to complain about his treatment. He'd be called a cry baby. Just saying. ...
Nayrock10::Tyson and Kidd know how to win championship so we need Tyson ,Sheed and amare
Nayrock10::I really hope Tyson come back soon cuz we need him
Justin240824::I really don't think Tyson will be back this year.  It started with a week and its already been double that and no return date in sight.  It's not like people will stop showing up to games if he's done why not just tell the truth unless they med staff is really just that bad
Jacob 36::The Knicks are better without Tyson Chandler because he only acts like a tough guy who plays defense when Kenyon Martin Actually plays defense
Izzydoesitagain::@Alpine2285 glad to hear that you enjoy the players NY sent you, either way we are glad that we have Melo he has been better than advertised considering he hasn't played with Amare as much as we like due to injuries and if he did then I am sure they would have even a better record, your guys record is only better by 2 wins so far that's not much to brag about when you received a whole team for practically one player.
Justin240824::Why?  100 million to the knicks is like 1 billion to Denver, if amare doesn't play another minute it won't make a difference in New York.  If he can stay healthy he's a low post threat at the very least as he showed he was capable of in 30 or so games.  If not  oh well.  The team has been just fine without him most of the year even though you seem to think they're awful.  And don't forget, your "dominating" nuggets got beat at the garden just like we lost on you're floor.  Sorry that you will be disappointed come playoffs cuz nobody plays that run and gun crap in the playoffs successfully.  You'll look stupid just like all your friends who come here to bash the superstar you couldn't keep
Alpine2285::you play in the East, if Denver was in the East they would probably have at least 5 more wins. Melo and Amare will never work well together, their games just aren't compatible. Besides Amare is toast, you should try to get something for him before it's too late
Alpine2285::must suck to be a Knick fan knowing they got screwed in that Melo deal, sorry but you're stuck with him
joemas1987::im happy we got melo the nuggets dident no how to play him and j r and k mart u must be a  nugget fan all that crazy running up and down the court  not happening in the play offs u need a go to guy when that game is close
Justin240824::That same superstar that made Denver relevant for being there and by leaving, too much hate towards the man that did nothing but good for your small market franchise.  They can't win on the road and aren't going anywhere in the playoffs, they're a regular season juggernaut of sorts that sucks on the road, keep up the shi t talking but make sure to come back when Denver gets eliminated
mrheyboy::Typically the team who gets the best player, wins the trade. So the Knicks win the trade. The Knicks, however, lost their &amp;@$# by signing STAT for that amount of money. THat's what will handicap the Knicks...not the Melo trade.
Alpine2285::There's ONE team in the East, no one else really matters.
sources says::and two team in the west. ock and spurs. no one else matters
Alpine2285::I suppose if you consider Melo and superstar then I guess you got what you wanted but the Nugz are MUCH closer to a title than the Knicks and the Knicks are going to struggle for years trying to find peices that fit around that "superstar" that's the same problem Denver had every year with Melo.  The idea of needing a superstar will be debunked by the Nuggets if not this year then next. Although Lawson, may soon be considered a superstar
fokman::LOL well history has shown that to be the case... You can think or wish what you would like, good luck with that.  The Knicks are a DWade injury from being the best option to come out of the East.
Alpine2285::But the Nuggets are MUCH better now, Gallo is still developing and Chandler is a stud if he can stay healthy. They dealt Felton to eventually get Brewer, they'll use Mozgov as trade bait PLUS the got a draft pick in 2014. win win for Nugz, but you're right NY got better but that's not really saying much since they were so bad before
fokman::Geez another Nugs fan who says we got fleeced... probably one of the same people who before the trade went down was saying "the Knicks dont have anything we want cause their team sucks and their players are trash".  Now predictably Gallo and "ill" Will Chandler are are better players than Melo??  I never wanted to part with both of them in that trade, I still like them, but lets not act like either is or is ever going to be a superstar player like Melo.  The reason the Nugs aren't going anywhere is because they don't have a superstar.  At least with that trade the Knicks got Melo and Chandler (getting rid of Billups), who CAN help the Knicks win and contend for a title.
Alpine2285::he was okay but I'm just glad NY was stupid enough to give up so much for him
Flash Barrett::They really didn't give up alot ...they gave up Hallo who is the same player he was his field goal percentage has not increased since he's been in the league and at 6'11 he's a below average rebounder no matter wat position he plays...Chandler who I think is the best player in the deal has been hurt the majority of the time since going to Denver, the Knicks got Felton back, and Mozgov never plays... Plus the Knicks are better now than they were before the trade
Flash Barrett::U really dnt like Melo huh?
Rod5774::Knicks celtics first round matchup, it'll a be a great series. I know you knicks fans are scared
sources says::I want Celts. Bucks probably give knicks more trouble
Matt25261992::not at all scared of the c's bro lol well dump on you
Thetimpanikid16::we just beat them..... we're scared? wow...
NygAndNykFanAllDay::Good game knicks. Just wish Melo would get his field goal pct up some.
Alpine2285::won't happen that's just who he is
chabacano1987::Melo, 11/28. Making progress..
pdut::one game idiot
Nayrock10::The NBA want the Heat to win and when the Heat beat teams under 500 NO 1 said a damn thing but  how great the Heat are doing but when the Knicks beat teams under 500 they talk all this mess about how many players are hurt from the other teams we beat but the Heat did the same damn thing. Like I said this is the NBA and a win is a win no Matter who in the lineup,the Knicks are missing there key players as well so chill out cuz at the end of the day A WIN IS A WIN!!!!
Justin240824::Right on bro, I noticed that too, but no one ever mentions that this knicks team hasn't been healthy ALL year.  Fact, whatever, can't wait till the playoffs, there's always gonna be people jealous of us as fans gotta embrace it
Heightz10::Look the better u are the more critics. No one talk how bad the bobcats are. They rather talk about how bad a first place team is. Smh dosent make sense huh?
Nayrock10::Like I said the is the NBA and there are so many teams that are missing players even the Knicks
RZA_CONSOLE::kemba, ben gordon  bobcats - the real nyc team
Nayrock10::Every 1 talking about what the other teams players are hurt but the Knicks are missing more players then the teams we beat,Tyson,Amare,sheed should I go on.if so funny all season the Knicks players been hurt and we still fine a way to win so stop talking about other team missing players.this is the NBA and players get hurt,A WIN IS A WIN NO MATTER WHO PLAYS AND IF THEY ARE HURT OH WELL!
rossalan5::beating sub .500 teams in a win streak doesnt make you a playoff contender knicks fans..
thebiglebongski::only 12 of the games during the streak were against teams above .500. that's less than half
thisisgr8t623::they also beat an indiana team without granger and west
thisisgr8t623::wanna name more teams cause i can clips were without paul and lakers didnt have pau. they only beat the thunder who nobody really takes serious anymore knicks almost beat them without three stars and they only won by a freethrow
h86tango::lol... you are gay
thisisgr8t623::griz were without randolph celtics were without garnett and rondo and the jazz have nobody so that does not count
cnat723::First off, Randolph played that game he just sucked so much that Hollins didn't play him that much. Second, you can't use injury excuses anyways because Knicks had key injuries, too. Third, I was just proving a point that it wasn't like Knicks played 7 straight scrub teams, which is what the guy was implying.
cnat723::Jazz were 34-33, Celtics were 36-34, Griz were 47-24 when we beat them. That's 3 of 7 above .500, which is probably a better percentage than what the Heat played during their streak. Shut up.
thisisgr8t623::well if thats the case what about the heats streak. name five teams that didnt have a key player injured or wasnt a sub 500 team the heat beat
ktan88::Someone is butt hurt because the Knicks are winning
RangerProof_99Roca::im blazed...
RangerProof_99Roca::Knicks have been balling without STAT, Chandler, and melo has been so-so. Hope they're healthy for the playoffs
mpTCU::I think how well a team is playing going into the playoffs is way underrated in terms of playoff success. In the past two weeks, the Knicks have looked like two completely different teams. This little streak is great, but I just hope they're clicking in mid-April.
Rick Grimes..::Where are all those Knicks Haters at!?,  haven't seen then in like forever.
cpkirkley::They really having been making a whole ton of threes lately, just recently the percentage has shot way up because they are making more while taking less.
SmalekTF::Give it a week when Knicks start tanking again cause they go on 3-pointer drought.  Remember 1 thing when you live by the 3 you die by the 3!
DanNYC1628::they haven't really been living by the three recently though
Streak4MoreCash::How does one shoot smart. smh... the excuses to validate all the nonsense from earlier when he was the sole reason OKC didn't blow out NYK.  He simply makes his shots because he's not the only person the defenses focus on any more.
rainmaker2007::I like Melo and feel he's the best player on the Knicks and is the reason they are in 1st place. But I've never seen a superstar who misses layups as much as this guy. Amazing.
pdut::Melo gets triple teamed when he drives, the whole defense collapses. Maybe that's why he misses layups sometimes.
cpkirkley::True. Im impressed that he has the strength to play through the non-calls he gets down there. Really quick to the ball after the first miss, and flipping incredible to still get to the ball after the second shot misses. All while take HEAVY contact. People complain about his shooting percentage, but if he got half the calls lebron gets on the drive he's be taking 20 free throws a night. AT least lebron gets freethrows for his effort. Melo goes hard, gets his headband slapped off, and finishes the play. Then trolls complain about his FG percentage.
Heightz10::Do u see what he goes thru to get his shots off. Maybe he needs to complain like james. Dude everybody misses layups. Westbrook, rose, garnett, wade, everyone. Have seen so many put backs before?
Westbrick is still not elite::sixth man race is over.  shouldnt be this way tho. JR should be a starter and hes even good enough to be an All Star. he just barely cares about it
cnat723::Yea, JR should be starting. Kidd could be 6th man and then Amare could take over the role when he returns.
Streak4MoreCash::He cares he just knows he's never going to get recognition for how good he is because of what happened to him and his friend in that car accident.
Xx_KNICKS7_xX::exactly. when he cares and plays smart he's definitely  good enough to be an all star
Xx_KNICKS7_xX::J.R. Smith is the best player on the Knicks
Xx_KNICKS7_xX::who is? melo? he hasn't done s h i t the past two months. he sucks. smith is putting the team on his back
Xx_KNICKS7_xX::he's not playing like the same player 3 weeks ago. watch the games first then try to say something
DanNYC1628::playing great for a few weeks doesn't all of a sudden make him the best player on the team
rainmaker2007::I knew someone would get carried away. 3 weeks ago he was the reason the Knicks were losing. Now he's the best player on the team. Next, you'll be be saying Melo should be traded.
77cradle2grave::Most impressive is J.R.'s shooting%. Gone are his wild-west days of last month. Hope he continues to shoot smart.  GO KNICKS!!!
baffig::jr smith is like harden of rockets now if he keeps going to rim he will be a 20 point a game player and true # 2
catplayball2::30+
Losmonsta::I was wanting smith off the knicks with his 3 pt mania. but now hes going top the rim. an entirely different guy. wow.
rainmaker2007::So if LeBron or Wade were to shoot a bunch of threes and miss a lot of them, then you (if you were a Heat fan) would want them off the team?
50stm::9 for 30 8 for 20 11 for 28  thats 28 for 78  =  36 %  Marshmello is a loser and if he had a coach with balls like Karl he would be pouting that little $@%!$ face like a 2 year old.
mann813::For all your Melo haters the Knicks are going to the playoff for the third straight year with Melo and on a 7 game winning streak. So please shout the f*ck up and enjoy the ride!
2524thomas::back under your rocks troll boys...Knicks = Unstoppable!!!
2175anthony greene::First off none of what you posted says anything about the way he plays basketball. If Melos nuggets teams played in the east like lebron a cavs teams he would have been to  AT LEAST two NBA finals. So that playoff record is so overhyped. Second off if you ask any other superstar in the league like lebron, Kobe, KD, D wade they will all call melo as superstar and the best scorer in the league so I'll take their words over yours dumb $@%
2175anthony greene::Stop hatin on melo. Like its getting ridiculous. If it was that easy to do what he does everybody would be doing it. He's a great player. He's not lebron but god dammit who is. He had 32 and 11 and ya knock his shooting percentage. We've seen what he is capable of in big games and in a big game I know you'd want him on your team. So just stop. Evidence of what he's capable of    Proof 1: he scored 42,17, and 9 in a playoff game against the celtics    Proof 2: he dropped 30 points in a quater!!!!!!!!    Proof 3: those two ridiculously clutch threes he hit against Chicago    There is a lot more he has done that proves he a superstar in this league. And it's not fair to ask him to be lebron James. So except him for what he is one if the greatest scorers the nba has ever seen.less
vannyfresh777::took the nuggets to the conference finals pretty much by himself, how is that choking?
Dino__Spumoni::playoff choker?
NoThanks2U_26::Melo is overrated Proof 4: He's a playoff choker Proof 5: Sucker punched a Knicks player and ran away from Nate Robinson Proof 6: Tripped and called it a night... against the cavs Proof 7: Nuggets are better without Melo Proof 8: Leads the league in worst playoff % Want more proof?
50stm::hes also scared of the EASTER BUNNY
NoThanks2U_26::He's also scared of Nate Robinson
jroc21::Melo is fine. The shots he takes are shots that he always takes. They are just not going in right now. I don't really see him forcing shots. The only thing I'd like to see is him attack the basket more, but he did shoot 10 ft tonight.
2175anthony greene::Stop hatin on melo. Like its getting ridiculous. If it was that easy to do what he does everybody would be doing it. He's a great player. He's not lebron but god dammit who is. He had 32 and 11 and ya knock his shooting percentage. We've seen what he is capable of in big games and in a big game I know you'd want him on your team. So just stop. Evidence of what he's capable of      Proof 1: he scored 42,17, and 9 in a playoff game against the celtics      Proof 2: he dropped 30 points in a quater!!!!!!!!      Proof 3: those two ridiculously clutch threes he hit against Chicago  There is a lot more he has done that proves he a superstar in this league. And it's not fair to ask him to be lebron James. So except him for what he is one if the greatest scorers the nba has ever seen.
pdut::There's two men in the NBA right now that clearly are superior than Melo, THATS IT
pdut::Melo's a beast and haters will hate on anyone just because they don't like them.
Rick Grimes..::correction, 33 in a quarter.
2175anthony greene::Thanks for the correction. Haha
dot nose fish tail lamb boy::GO FGCU!
ulthumbei::There's not much point in talking about Melo and Lebron right now.  They're both in the playoffs and that's going to tell the whole story in a nutshell.  They only question now is whether the Knicks will stay in the playoffs long enough to face the heat.  I wouldn't put money on it.
dot nose fish tail lamb boy::hope chandler is ok
Dj3garrett::C.D.Jones22 Melo is an assassin the most hated on player because everybody is too busy kissing bron's $@%. MELO 007!  ----------------------------------------- Melo is more hated than LeBron? Where the hell are you from?
strongisland06::No one hates LeBron. Just ask him..
Dj3garrett::That's actually a pretty good mindset to have... Why dwell on the negative?
HeATERNATION136::"I would easily lead the league in scoring if I didnt have this scrub shooting 30+ times a game" - JR Smith
strongisland06::Lame..
HeATERNATION136::you know thats what he's thinkin
southbeachginja::J.R is becoming Melo
Destruct0id::J.R.  Smith just slowly typing his resume for 6th man of the year.
J. R. Smith::i could possibly go off for 30+ again against the c's.
stealthmeth::lets just hope you dont fall asleep during the playoffs.. when games actually matter the knicks have a history of @*$!ing it up
HeATERNATION136::as long as carmelo doesnt take half the teams shots
MATT FRIEDA::JR Smith is a man possessed
strongisland06::Pay the man...
J. R. Smith::just pay me my 2.5 mill, and im happy.
retnav65::I think if Melo scored 60, someone would have something negative to say. I don't care if Melo's shooting percentage is around 40%, because I know what he's going up against. Ya'll see LBJ shooting 55% percent from the field and want to compare him to that. Do you realize Lebron gets about 8-9 shots a game in transition(Dunks). His percentage is going to be higher than Melo or Kobe's. Does that make him a better offensive player? Not in this lifetime. The guy had 32pts and 11bds and you guys are still complaining. Get a llife! ! !
C.D.Jones22::Melo is an assassin the most hated on player because everybody is too busy kissing bron's $@%. MELO 007!
Forrest Gump just felt like runnin::couldnt agree more, melo is THE matchup nightmare of the league (offensively)
strongisland06::A lot of opposing fans hate on Melo, but in reality he's a great player.
L.A Fakers::Lebron &gt; melo
Forrest Gump just felt like runnin::and when he really turns it on he's unstoppable, scary
Destruct0id::You would score alot too if you took 30 a game
The_JTrain_3000::yes, but he is only speaking of offense... and Melo is arguably the best scorer in the game
J. R. Smith::37.
CY_YOUNG_GUIDRY::Knicks' fortunes changed when K-Mart signed on. Believe it.
strongisland06::Thank goodness for it.  And we let go Brewer, see ya..
fokman::actually we got a 2nd round pick for brewer... even better
nuneee2::it's one thing to tell me melo will play harder on defense when the playoffs get here... it's another to say all of a sudden he'll remember how to shoot
The_JTrain_3000::he already plays pretty good defense.  I haven't seen him make any mistakes.  He was a little out of control this game but it certainly wasn't bad.  He got to the line a ton and rebounded the ball.  you can't ask for much more
nuneee2::who cares when he misses, point is that he misses.. what a dumb excuse
The_JTrain_3000::he went 10 for 30 once.  Most of his missed shots tonight happened when he was forced to come back in after sitting on the bench for awhile.... the Bobcats were making a push and Woody got nervous
nuneee2::you can ask for better than the 10 for 30 nights he's having every night lately.  not hating, i think he's still hurting. just saying knicks need to do what they need to do to get him right for the playoffs... they can win without 10 for 30, especially the way JR is playing right now
IAmBushidoBrown::Time to watch these nets loose
garnolfini::Knickerbockers, tho.
singingsun123456::GG all them cats fans out there
knicks_11::wow we have to lock up    this dude henderson    if we dont get back JR back next season!
9edr0::Bobcats will match just about any offer he gets up to about 7-8million
IAmBushidoBrown::We said the same bout lin
strongisland06::J.R is a difference maker. Lin was a nice story for a few months...
The_JTrain_3000::there is no way we don't bring back JR
polomontana::JR Smith has been killing it!!
Phatepiclewts::Did Woodson just blow off the Bobcats coaching staff with the handshake?
knicks_11::lol u want him to handshake each coach?
