tmoneyinmphs::Rudy gay has made 45 of 131 shots overall  since he got traded to toronto.  That equals 34%.
thememdude::"I don't miss ANYTHING about Memphis"  -Rudy Gay  I know what he misses in Toronto...62% of his shots! Exact same average he had over a 6 year span in Memphis.  Enjoy your 19 Million dollar wing.
99brom::only reason why toronto lost last night was cause of randolph, absolutly killed them
razorbacks8097::he was 4-17...
a.cabie::A lot of people were complaining that Memphis was a borderline title contender with Rudy Gay, but now that he's gone, everyone rips on him and is glad he's gone?? Eh, makes no sense. A few bad plays by Rudy in this game, but glad he's with the Raptors. Raptors will be a playoff team next year.
tmoneyinmphs::Lol.  You'll figure it out soon enough.
Jumeax::5-15 with only 2Ft and 5 /Turnovers he played significantly worse than Z-bo who shot 4-17
razorbacks8097::false.
dale wrenn::The last 5 minutes of the game is exactly why the Grizz got rid of Gay, turnover machine, ball stopper, and no deense, he can score all the points he wants when the other 4 guys arent involved what does it matter.
tmoneyinmphs::I'm definitely happy that rudy gay is gone, but i do wish him good luck in toronto.  For the most part, he always handled himself with class.
doof54::Bad: Rudy Gay 5 of 15, 5 turnovers.  Worse:  Game on the line late, Rudy goes iso out at the 3pt line, pounds the ball into the floor until there is no air left in it. Turnover.  Worst: Anderson had brought to Raps back to tie it up.  Rudy re-enters the game, no more touches for Anderson.
99brom::ya i completly agree that we need more than just him, last night was so ugly on his part
99brom::do appreciate that u want the raps to make the playoffs though, just move on from this game it was kinda ugly on both parts more raps tho
doof54::I will cheer for the Raptors to do well, even for Rudy to do well.  But I am telling you, he doesn't get it. Style over substance, and he just can't get you there.
99brom::LOL this guy is such a loser move on pal
33Brown33::ROFL...its over
doof54::...and don't worry. I will be here for you, when the light finally comes on... in a year or two.
doof54::You will come to understand. So many people say so much stuff about how great Rudy is... while he is killing your team night after night. Just like last night, except now it is your team he is killing.  That's only the basketball side of it. The effect of his salary? That is the really bad part.
doof54::Good: Zach Randolph 17 pts, 18 rbds. Key free throws down the stretch to seal the win.  All the Toronto fans started saying pregame, Zach is fat and cannot jump... I said he can't jump over a postage stamp, but watch him put 18 pts and 15 rbds on you.  Toronto fans then say Zach will get his, but with no Rudy, no other contributors. Conley 17, TA 12, Tay 11, Arthur 8, Bayless 7..
tmoneyinmphs::Amazingly, some memphis fans wanted to trade zbo instead of rudy gay.
doof54::I think I would state that as "some Rudy fans"...  Same mentality as all the fools who, when the Grizz first came to town, would only show up for Lakers games... in their Lakers gear.  Same people.
doof54::OK Raptors, now go dominate the leastern conference.  Rudy, let your game do your talking from now on.  I do hope the Raptors make the playoffs. That way, that first-round pick they gave the oklahomers won't be a lottery pick.
verfielderbrera::As far as shooting percentage goes Jose Calderon is Shooting over .550 from the field and .611 from 3 point land while averaging 7 assists and 5 rebounds a game as a point guard. Out of all the players in this trade this is the player that is playing out of his mind right now. To give you an example Rudy gay is shooting .379 from the field and .275 from 3 point land. He may have the most points but he's taking a huge amount of shots to get to those 20 points a game. Pistons won in this deal. Especially if they can re-sign him.
machinegunkelley80::To be fair it's not Rudys fault he has that big $@% contract.  Front office dropped the ball on the first deal that was like 30 million less. Rudys contract was a product of when he entered free agency
sportsfan1014::Fields only got 5 mins of playing time? no wonder Raps lost this one
torrtis::No way any team would want Barg.
BronyFan::Alright, i'm a snail with's with the hate on Rudy?
emthomasjr::It's been going on for years in Memphis.  He's a max contract player, so the expectation is that he is LeBron.  Anytime he's not (i.e. all of the time), people hate him.  It's not fair, it doesn't make sense, but it is what it is.  IMO a small price to pay for what his direct deposit looks like every 2 weeks.
JamesGetDownBrown::Great playoff feel tonight! I hope Toronto continues to streak and squeezes into the playoffs. I'll always rock my Rudy Gay Grizz jersey....
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Way to Grind it out Memphis.......Love ya Rudy
99brom::$@%!$@%! doof, what a loser
tmoneyinmphs::Looking at rudy's stat line, you'd think this game wasn't very important to him.   Man, i'm so glad he is not a grizzly anymore.
emthomasjr::Nah...it's called familiarity + Grit and Grind defense.  You have to consider that his stat line included TWO banked in 3's.  He was our leading scorer.  If anybody can predict his next move, it's going to be our guys.
Nash_Memph_ville::I'm not going to bash on rudy anymore.. He's apologized for popping off at the mouth, he got whooped by our D today. All is good.   Looking at the usa today article, he was pissed he was traded and wanted management to give him a chance in the playoffs, but tried to play hardball and said he may seek a trade in a year..   So, the memphis gm just traded him now, since he'd only be a rented player next year with 1 contract year left. And, they were affraid his value would drop if he played in the playoffs this year like he did last year..
doof54::That is is normal stat line... when the game is important to him...  I lived with this in Memphis for the past three years.
doof54::This just in from your world famous Toronto furniture retailer:  Sofa King Ugly Loss to the Grizzlies.  They kicked your smack talking assssses. Wouldn't be so bad if yo hadn't done all that talking... Rudy??
doof54::Tony Allen has some of your pregame comments tattooed to himself...  where the sun don't shine.  Don't bring it up again.
Lugene Parker::It was a rough game.  High intensity.  Grit N Grind Style!  Just the way we like it!
Thirsty_Sherst::Great game.  I definitely enjoyed it.  Especially seeing both teams played back to back.
Nash_Memph_ville::almond milk doesn't make oreos nice and soggy like real milk does..
UofMemphisTigers::What's up with that? BOOO ALMOND MILK!
jsbolden::Grizzlies defeat the Raptors to win their 5th straigh game while Rudy has five turnovers in the final five minutes of the game.  Grizzlies fans were pretty much ready to see Gay go, and they became frustrated when national columnist statred slamming the Grizzlies for giving up on a title.  A team where Rudy Gay takes the most shots will not be a title contender.  Most of these colomnist who don't watch their games decided trading Gay was a mistake. Gay is a talented one-on-one player but he's selfish, over dribbles, turns the ball over at a high rate, and doesn't compete defensively.  He was locked down by Tayshaun Prince tonight.
Jumeax::One Word........ ......... wait for it...... ......  wait for it  HOLLINGER!  BOOM!
emthomasjr::I've rarely seen a national columnist who has a clue about the Grizzlies, even with all of the success over the past 3 years.  They basically reason that the Grizzlies are lucky.
doof54::National Bassekball columnists don't know what they are talking about...  The Grizz are a much better team after the trades.  The rest of the league will be trying to catch up and figure out what the Grizzlies already know.
emthomasjr::Just watching the replay.  Listening to how animated the crowd is makes the $@%!$@ Rudy Gay video much more understandable.
doof54::So.. I had to listen to about a thousand Raptors fans say:  "we heard this same stuff from the last five teams we beat..."  "You won't be here after the game."  Like I swore... here I am..  What say you now?  ,,,
AKsparky907::The raps have been playing good ball lately. You don't win 5 in a row playing $@%!$@. Us grizz fans are proud because our win streak continues. A win is a win in the nba and they are hard to come by on somebody else's court especially in a back to back road game.
doof54::C'mon now... don't be shy.  You were all so loud earlier... where are you now??  &lt;&lt; crickets &gt;&gt;
doof54::I would not be proud of beating a team  you say is so crappy...  ...but so many said so much earlier today..,.
Thirsty_Sherst::Its rather sad that you take such pride in a 6 point victory considering there were tied with minutes to go.      You're comparing your team to a Raptor team that has had little luck for years and doesn't have half the talent Memphis does.    You should be proud :)
Nash_Memph_ville::pedro is always the devils advocate..
doof54::gri9000, 99brooom, even pedronbear said i was talking too much, needing to be put in my place... where are you guys????
AKsparky907::Exciting game. I thought the grizz would pull away but those were some pretty amazing threes the raps were making. A lot of ridiculous trash talk bashing each others cities. All of the Rudy bashing was just a retaliation to fans of every team besides the grizz saying the grizz were stupid to trade him. Had he played a good game and beaten us all of us grizz fans would have felt pretty bad. Watching him turn the ball over three times, get blocked, and hog the ball at the end was pretty rewarding.
jsbolden::Rudy is a good player, but he has no heart and is borderline selfish.  he cares more about stats than winning ball games.  http://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/nba/2013/02/20/rudy-gay-toronto-raptors-memphis-grizzlies/1932061/
Steve Nash half a man::rewarding for you  very disappointing for us raps fans  at least im not like these other delusional raps fans that think he is our savior
roy2daboy::GRIZZ AND TIGERS WIN!!!!!!  #We Don't Bluff City!!!!!!!!
ryan225777::Tonight's game showed exactly why Rudy is one of the more overrated players in the NBA. Game tied at 77, grizz throw it to ZBO and get some baskets and Rudy turns it over and throws up a bunch of prayers. Nothing against the Raptors but its about impossible to win paying Rudy that much.
Steve Nash half a man::i did all your moms
MemphisTn7414::Lol
gri400::i bet you caught something nasty then
Nash_Memph_ville::yeah, dude. just because you do not see it, doesn't mean there isn't anything there.
pedrobear1::osu can win it
Puff- the- Magic- Dragon::PS LOL LOS ANGELES IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY... any relation to the troll on this board?
Puff- the- Magic- Dragon::that guy has quite the life. I wouldnt be surprised if there becomes a LOL MEMPHIS IS THE MOST CARBAGE CITY account soon
Nash_Memph_ville::too mych free time.
gri400::lol, gotta be the same guy
MemphisTn7414::Rudy Gay is not even shooting 40% and he had 5 turnovers. Gay does not deserve a max contract. He'll never be in the same league as KD, Carmelo or Lebron. Just watch Raptor fans. Gay just isn't worth it.
emthomasjr::Meh....it is what it is.  Derozen isn't complaining because he is getting much less attention with Rudy around and they did win 5 in a row.  Yeah, he is a terribly inefficient scorer, but he attracts attention and makes it easier for any other scorers on his team.
Nash_Memph_ville::i'd have wished him well, if everyone didn't talk trash about memphis trading him, and if he didn't talk trash about TA and Memphis, then later apologize.
gri400::it was Wale! i got it right.  back to never hearing about him again
Puff- the- Magic- Dragon::Peace out raps fans, an grizz fans. Congrats griz you played a solid game
gri400::lol just saw some of that stuff with that rapper from the wizards game. What was his name again??? wale? something like that, too funny anyway
99brom::hes the man, hope he never leaves
99brom::ahah he woulda "jacked him up in the park" - hansborough comment
gri400::lol  jack would take on hansbrough as well
99brom::lol guess so, it was jokes wish jack was their instead of leo woulda been funnier
gri400::jack would have slugged him i bet :)
99brom::he looked angry in some picture i saw lol
gri400::i missed most of the game but i remember the commentators asking about who he was, and that he wasn't drake. stuff like that, guess he doesnt like drake lol
99brom::it really was, u know why he went up and tried to talk to matt and leo?????
Steve Nash half a man::This game should show everybody why Gay is not a top player excellent skill, but he can't put it together consistently
99brom::everyone flag this fuckk so hes just outta here
pedrobear1::anyone watching KU v. Okie?
Nash_Memph_ville::try again, there's 2 links up.
roy2daboy::Days like this is when I kinda miss having Comcast.  Still happy with having Direct TV though.
danielc901::I will never have Comcast again. So glad to get rid of it in the new conference.
roy2daboy::Can't get it to work.
slapshotcity123::Try vipbox. It's working fine
roy2daboy::Listening to Tigers vs Cougars via Wolovision.
Nash_Memph_ville::first row is working fine.
danielc901::No FirstRow for you, roy2daboy?
Nash_Memph_ville::why doesn't canada have college sports like the US?  meaning Basketball, etc..   If they do, why don't our schools play canadian teams?
__SPURS21::Andrew Wiggins won't play for Canadian college team, because there is no one would watch him play.
LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY::__SPURS21 - Andrew Wiggins won't play for Canadian college team, because there is no one would watch him play.  ---------  Wiggins will be a future bust.
Puff- the- Magic- Dragon::i think a school in BC joined the NCAA
Puff- the- Magic- Dragon::i love march madness, memphis seems like a sleeper team. But i havent really followed them
Nash_Memph_ville::that would be cool. Look out for out Memphis tigers in march madness.   It's fun having good college sports,  you get to know who the stars are before they go pro.
99brom::kinda sucks but i love following certain NCAA teams
gri400::we do, just not many people care about collage sports up here
LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY::Because the games would be over in the first quarter.
99brom::think thats the reason its not big here
99brom::we dont give out athletic scholorships
slapshotcity123::They do. They actually beat our U18 in the world football championship
LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY::slapshotcity123 - U18...high schoolers  ------------  Yes, those players became Div. II players
Nash_Memph_ville::cool. It'd be neat to have an NFL team in canada. Makes more sense than london..  I guess buffalo is practically a canadian team though.
slapshotcity123::U18...high schoolers
LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY::The Canadians played Div. II players  nothing to be proud of
slapshotcity123::American football. it was a few years ago and I don't think they were the top US athletes but the Canadian team def. beat the US team.
Nash_Memph_ville::real football or soccer?
gri400::can't wait for MLB season :)
taco bell surprise::im lost
Nash_Memph_ville::meh'.. baseball is no fun..  I wish they overlapped all of hockey over baseball.   I'm really starting to see the appeal of hockey.
Nash_Memph_ville::baseball is just too slow for me. I'd have to go NFL &gt; NBA &gt; NHL &gt; MLB  I go to a lot of preds games and I'm hooked.   We don't really grow up with the opportunity to learn and play hockey here, but the Preds have a huge following.   They even tried unsuccessfully a few times to take them away from us.
gri400::order is MLB&gt;NBA&gt;NHL&gt;NFL for me  all have their good parts though, hockey is best seen live as well. best live sport IMO
Puff- the- Magic- Dragon::Awesome game eh?
taco bell surprise::im gonna  be at the red  sux games to boo farrel
gri400::up the dosage, gotta up the dosage for sure buddy
LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY::gri400 - lol no  -----------  Typical, go ahead and boo. The rest of the Leagues know Toronto is the most disrespectful fanbase.
gri400::lol no
LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY::You have no reason to boo Farrell. He gave your team all his effort.
gri400::butt hurt and proud if it taco
taco bell surprise::LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY - taco bell surprise - im gonna  be at the red  sux games to boo farrel  ---------------  Wouldn't surprise me....  Stupid Trash fans of Toronto.. Boo everything that walks.  dude whats the hate on for Toronto  . u get  butt hurt  here or something ???
LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY::taco bell surprise - im gonna  be at the red  sux games to boo farrel  ---------------  Wouldn't surprise me....  Stupid Trash fans of Toronto.. Boo everything that walks.
Steve Nash half a man::hahahahahahahaha are you a comedian??????
LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY::I know, I can't wait to see the Jays Bandwagon crash and burn.  your team has so many holes. The Yankees, Red Sox, Orioles and Rays can't wait to expose this,
gri400::lol, you're trying too hard man. You need to lower the dosage on whatever you're taking... or up it, whichever might make you feel good
99brom::LOL i hope u feel good about yourself
Steve Nash half a man::wow Gay you suck.  It is okay if you suck but please realize it and pass the damn ball or don't touch it at all  6 straight trips in crunch time where you failed to deliver.  useless
99brom::when is the trade deadline, like what time excactly?
doof54::No... Thursday 3:00 pm Eastern time, but the griizz can make moves after that... They are that smart....
slapshotcity123::Midnight tomorrow
__SPURS21::3:00PM EST tomorrow
doof54::C'mon Raptors... Go get a playoff spot!  The Grizz!
__SPURS21::Blue Jays are playing Saturday!!!
99brom::ooo nvm lol
99brom::whats ST?
slapshotcity123::spring training
99brom::oo ok gotcha
gri400::thank god. I'll start watching ST games soon :)
slapshotcity123::It's gonna be nice to see the Jays and the O's topping off the AL East
99brom::was curious, are you a raps fan or spurs  lol?
__SPURS21::i was born late 90's so yeah was a fan since then.
LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY::__SPURS21 - What are you tryna say?  ----------------------  You became a Spurs fan in 1999 NBA finals
__SPURS21::What are you tryna say?
LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY::__SPURS21 - Spurs fan since the late 90's  -----------  Wouldn't have expected otherwise.
__SPURS21::Spurs fan since the late 90's
__SPURS21::live in Toronto
__SPURS21::Both
LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY::He is a BANDWAGON fan.  He's a Spurs fan when the Raptors are doing poorly
Nash_Memph_ville::I hear toronto is 420 friendly.
99brom::very, got a parade and everything
Nash_Memph_ville::Well, I hear they're taking away alot of their 420 rights they had. more prosecution for possession and they just took away the right for people to grow their own medicine.
LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY::Potheads are a freaking waste of space.
Puff- the- Magic- Dragon::^word. Some pot is always fine, never to much
Nash_Memph_ville::I smoke pot and I'm a grad student. Not a "pot head" though. moderation is key to anything.
gri400::crack is whack man
Puff- the- Magic- Dragon::victoria BC is my fav spot
SuperCactus82::Canada is 420 friendly
gri400::thats canada in general, better in western canada though lol
DR HORSE::other then the strange smell of rotting egg u get   in some parts  of downtown Toronto  Toronto is  very clean
99brom::this guys jealous lol
LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY::Sure, you just have to hop over the junkies and dodge the used needles and hookers.  Clean as it gets.
LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY::DR HORSE - have u been to Toronto  ????? --------------------------- Yes, I am speaking from experience. Your city is almost as bad as Detroit.
DR HORSE::have u been to Toronto  ?????
Nash_Memph_ville::I hope the tigers do some damage in the tournament..   We should allow canadian teams to enter maybe...
Puff- the- Magic- Dragon::LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY - What difference does it make? Anyplace is better than Toronto.  I could be from butttfuck, Idaho, or Sydney, N.S.... It's not relative to the fact that toronto sucks balls.   You would be from butttfucck Idaho. It would explain a lot about you
99brom::iknow im not syaing hes from memphis, weve been saying idaho lol
99brom::go farm crops for me to eat tomorrow
Nash_Memph_ville::99, it's obvious from his name, he's a tornoto troll, not a memphis fan..   Also, memphis is an "urban" city not a farm region..
LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY::You rep Toronto. Your argument is invalid.
Puff- the- Magic- Dragon::best thing you could come up with? You suck at trolling
99brom::this moron has obviously been smoking crack or something cause what hes saying just makes no sense
pedrobear1::harden had 46 pts tonight
Puff- the- Magic- Dragon::LOL TORONTO IS THE MOST GARBAGE CITY - What difference does it make? Anyplace is better than Toronto.  I could be from butttfuck, Idaho, or Sydney, N.S.... It's not relative to the fact that toronto sucks balls.   You would be from buttfuck Idaho, it would explain a lot about you
