luvnbayes::The Spurs are really a well-oiled machine right now.  All cylinders clicking.  Splitter is like a different person from last year.  Neal and Bonner have both been wonderful.  Parker has never been better, in fact, he's never been this good.  Duncan has been great, not just good, but great.  Jefferson and Blair haven't hurt the team lately.  And of course Manu is back.  Let the good times roll.  And let the Big Three stay healthy for the playoffs.
GMEN2012Champs::Spurs are just...  TAKING CARE OF BUSINESS  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
nba is the worst::Classic Spurs team win - 92+% from the ft line shows the focus.  NICE!
SPEN206209::Spurs eased up on inferior  competition on this BTB-- had 12 point lead 1/2 minute into the 3rd qtr, then Pistons outscored them 21-9 to tie game @ 66 halfway through the period. Next night--Spurs had a 15 point lead 1 minute into the 4th qtr, then Raptors went on a 22-6 tear to take the lead 84-83 halfway through that period. Spurs were clinging to 1 point leads in the last minute of both games. Big tests come up now. San Antonio is undefeated in February; last part of road trip against western conference opponents Clippers, Jazz and Blazers who are a combined 33-12 at home. The finale is at the Nuggets--only 8-7 in their place. Finishing up 5-4 would be a major disappointment after the hot start; coming in at 7-2 would be very good; but if the rodeo road trip ends up 9-0---that would put the Spurs on a 14-game winning streak, undefeated in February (13-0)......and almost a full week  off before hosting the Bulls in the month finale.  No way win Lin and the Knicks would hog the headlines then.
jjjloy::Toronto hung in as long as they could. This league is made up of a dozen good teams and the rest our bums it really is a shame
CoreyBlair31::http://sportsblogette.blogspot.com/2012/02/almost-halfway-through-nba-season.html  I'd rather hear about JEREMY LIN!!
mikey3941::i agree dude! i read this great article about how Lin is making a great difference is his native town!  http://www.iwatchstuff.com/2007/10/01/jackie-chan-hates-rush-hour.jpg
spurscowboys1312::MVP TONY PARKER!!!
EliteWingMTSU::Tony Parker is a Hall of Famer. Yes or no?
Zach4panthers::Finals MVP twice (I think) Clutch in playoffs solid career numbers one of the slashing pg's ever former all star and should be one this year has had sex with Eva Longloria Yeah he should qualify
NOVABuffalo::Rings are key, once he finishes his career --- first ballot.
MJ is still the best::An easy comparison is to Kevin Johnson.  The stats and styles of both players are eerily similar.   Tony does have the rings but was he just lucky to get paired with Timmy and Manu?    I say Tony is going to do something special in the playoffs in the next couple years.  Which, imo, would be enough to put him in the hall.  But I don't see how it's a clear cut "yes", especially after he STUNK in the playoffs against the Grizz last year.  And I'm a HUGE Spurs fan too.
Spursdc::easy
jjjloy::Yes no doubt!
MJ is still the best::To be determined.  If he quit playing today, then I'd say No.    But as evidenced by tonight, he's still got quite a bit in the tank.  He might do some special things in the playoffs in the next couple years.
The_Devlin::Probably
spurscowboys1312::of course he is a hall of famer.
spurscowboys1312::GO SPURS GO!!! much respects to raptors' fans MVP TONY PARKER MVP!!!
gustiwrx::http://www.elite-cappers.com Free sport advice join up!!!
AY410::yeah..the 266 is so weak....Tony Parker...Would you take him over D. Williams?
mikey3941::yes...numbers arent too off and hes a proven winner
The_Devlin::No, and I'm a Spurs fan.
16Lakers18::262 conversations for this blog, Knicks game had 5000 before it even started, damn shame Spurs.  Parker playing best BBall of his career, Spurs winning 9 straight and all people want to talk about is Lin and Clippers dunking.
luvnbayes::Yeah, but of those 5000 blogs, probably about 75 percent of them had to do with race.
Spursdc::how many ppl live in NY?
EliteWingMTSU::I'm here, the spurs fan!
NBA_refs_are_weak::there are, they are just used to this man. when you're a spurs fan, you're happy with a win over toronto, but its not something you're going to go online and troll all over. just used to it. next big game spurs have they will be on im sure. other than that, just another win
16Lakers18::15 mins later not one person came to this Blog, Are there Spur fans out there?
NBA_refs_are_weak::fd
NBA_refs_are_weak::whats the deal with timmy D? im hoping the 19 minutes is just pop moderating his playing time rather than him getting injured
SuperCam3800::If this same Spurs squad were in NY this whole time, legends. 4 rings between 99-07, one of the best forward-centers of all time, one of the best coaches of all time. But you know, they play in SA so..
spurscowboys1312::timmy, manu and parker, robinson, all would been known as Gods in ny. u know lin reminds me alot of Romo, remember how giants fans were being immature by givin' Romo credit for games he was winning? crazy how soon they forget
incredibeau::thank you
CamNewtonRising::Tony Parker has quietly built a HALL OF FAME career,3 championships (Finals MVP in 07),going to finish with probably 18,500 points with 7,500 assists
-mando-::1 finals mvp
Julie.Again::It never ceases to amaze me that nobody talks about the Spurs.  I'm sure they like it that way though.  Congrats Spurs fans.
GMEN2012Champs::Under the radar...that's just how they roll...
tnfins::way to go spurs. undefeated on the rodeo road trip. lets take care of business on saturday and whip the clippers
who named Rick Perrys hunting lodge::This team is always under the radar. You wanna talk about superstars, how about Timmy Duncan and his 4 rings. The Spurs are a model of consistency.
-mando-::Parker was a beast tonight!!  BEAST
Jthizz69::sad everyone's talking about Lin beating bad teams and the Spurs have quietly won 9 straight
mikey3941::I agree! this article pretty much sums up what the knicks are doing so well!  http://www.familytreecircles.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/Who-Do-You-Think-You-Are-Crazy-History-Video-NBC.com_.png
mrkantavich2::they just beat the same bad team the Knicks beat the night before
KentAZ58::I don't like the Spurs but I have to admit I'm impressed by the way that they're performing this year.  These guys may be old but they know how to win.
mikey3941::average age of team is 26...fact
spurscowboys1312::duncan and manu are up there, but  after that u got solid group of young guys and strong vets. besides u like having older team, that means they're gonna play better ball.
-mando-::Duncan is old.  Ginobili wasn't even playing most of this season......  It's a secret kept in san antonio....but the SPURS are NOT old.
Spurs4life93::Haters gonna hate!!! SILVER &amp; BLACK BABY!!! GO SPURS GO!!! 9 straight going on 10 &lt;3
mondoa1a::GO SPURS GO!!!! espn has turned to tmz, I don't even watch anymore.....
denveraic::No kidding. Tim Duncan is 35 years old. Manu missed 22 games. The Spurs have filled out their roster very nicely with a bunch of young guys who haven't played a lot of ball. Yet they Spurs have the 4th best record in the NBA, and have won 9 in a row? How many in a row do the Spurs need to win before ESPN gives them some respect? And they are doing this on the road right now. Don't forget, San Antonio laid a beating on OKC a little over a week ago.
-mando-::shhhh....don't say anything.  I like flying under the radar.
meloncabron::Spurs are the real story in the NBA...that is, if ESPN knew anything about basketball being a team sport.
spurscowboys1312::u ain't lying bout that. i still can't believe josh smith didn't make the all star team
dadudez1::if it's not in ny or la and not named tebow it's not espn worthy
denveraic::Parker show Lin how it's done.
GodAmongstCommoners v2.0::Raptors. LOL that is all
mikey3941::a name like "godamongstcommoners". LOL that is all
Stryka55::Lin who? Go Spurs!!! 9 in a row
Julian_h_Lyon::Another ugly win, but I'll take it. At least the team's at .500 on the road now.
NOVABuffalo::Spurs reach .500 on the road.  I was wondering, but it looks like the rodeo trip is allowing for some wins.  21-9 is better than I thought where the Spurs would be only 3 games to halfway.  See the Raptors next season.
bradonlywins::We would of won if we had bayless bargnani and kleiza instead we had anthony carter and rasual butler on in crunch time eww
NoChorus12::Well, it ended...strangely, but we still lost. Good game, Spurs fans.
1719719719::Good game. Claw it up
wwsi pprofit::ill take the push by these clowns sweet over easy money
kirt02::.
Albaboy123::hahah 233 comments
Calinative760::Wow.... Just fighting for the spread.  Corrupt fellows..
momoeagles::fly eagles fly
Gambling and Rambling::How are spurs letting raptors score so quick??
hobson1313::Playing matadore defense.  Poor game from the Spurs.
TonioSpurJames::You're an idiot.
.jeebus::no fouls. they just want the game over
wwsi pprofit::another dunk just like i said
.jeebus::sweet jeezus, come on toronto.  it's over
wwsi pprofit::san ant just laying down on the -7 letting them do layups and dunks
timetodienow123::I can't believe that some people were saying that Tony Parker wasn't an All-Star.
kirt02::.
Gambling and Rambling::Raptors suck but they play hard every night last 5 games they had a chance to win
NoChorus12::Like I say, we may not have skill, but we have heart.
hobson1313::Yeah, I think the Raps have a solid future ahead of them.  IMO, you guys need a legit center, but maybe Jonas can remedy some of that.
Zippppppp::They have been playing decent and should be a solid team next year. A high pick in a deep class plus Jonas coming over and they will have a solid line up
4thQuar7er::not to mention the tons of cap space they have with some decent free agents this year
Calinative760::corruption at its best...
kirt02::what's up baldy
.jeebus::luckily Toronto has no more timeouts to draw this game out any longer.
hobson1313::Glad the Spurs won't play again until Saturday nite.  They need a few days rest after this 5 game road stretch.
kirt02::.
sutherlacd27::parker is out of his mind good right now.  how is the guy flying under the radar?!?!?!?!?
NOVABuffalo::not totally, he was picked for AS
NOVABuffalo::That's a big step ... he did step up while Manu went down.  This is HIS team now, but MVP, not sure about that.
sutherlacd27::hes nowhere in the talk of mvp....the way hes played as of late he should be considered at least
hobson1313::He has kept the team together in Manu's absence and Tim's slow start.  He really has played well.
NoChorus12::Regardless of what Manu did, good win Spurs.
