ClayGold::Wolves got a good solid core. They should trade Love for a deeper bench.
dyla66::How was Thabeet ever a top 3 pick? fascinating, but hey at least he is entertaining and tall, tall enough that Barea could almost run under him http://bit.ly/10bhFEd
phunky58::Durant extremely efficient but the guy needs help.  his teamates need to step it up
skywaalk3r::They are 53-20......
LakersAtSonics1995::So..... that Ibaka "block" on Rubio's layup seriously wasn't a goaltend?  I think I missed something there.
FantasyNazi::I still love how some people think the Thunder are better this year without Harden.  Its funny stuff.
skywaalk3r::Harden is a BEAST.
2PantherMed::Just wanna give thanks to K Mart for giving OKC absolutely nothing......again.
EuropeDude1981::harden scored 7pts on 3-9 shooting last night, so at least today it wouldn't have mattered anyway :)
twinsfan205::Nice win Twolves! We're playing a lot better now that some of the guys are back. Could have been an exciting year if it weren't for all the injuries. Hoping for a healthy year next year and a trip to the Playoffs!
Skylander14::The Wolves are 2-2 against the Thunder this year, both teams winning their home games. Next year when the Wolves are full strength they will be a force in the West.
derek_510::yea because portland WINNING the season series against SA definitely makes portland a force to be reckoned with
Flash Barrett::Yeh rite..
sams i am::Does anyoen have a link for the JJ trying to get between thabeets legs? I gotta see that
Alpine2285::OKC's holes are being exposed, they're a 2man team and they won't get passed the 2nd round
coryburgin24::This is an example of how you beat the Thunder. Be physical and dominate the post game.
Jamie 1144::Wish Bundinger could have played the whole season.
888METAL888::45-26 looks better than 26-45. Definitely want Pek back along with a healthy team. Pek and Love play well together in my opinion. Looking forward to next season if they stay healthy lol. The draft will play out I suppose.
ThomasLovesFootball::Just a few teams that have won more NBA championships than OKC.   Sacramento Kings Milwaukee Bucks Washington Wizards Baltimore Bullets (who no longer exist)
Strike 1 yer OUT::and then? who the ef cares. have fun watching sports.
MinniWolves90::Great game Wolves!!
Atilla1984::OKC is slippen this year without Harden they wil not reach the finals in the west this year Spurs, LAC, Denver, Memphis &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; OKC they will miss harden in the playoffs
Beef Biscuit::Lol that clippers can't beat any top team
LebronOwnsNBA::HA HA HA HA
NASH_10::the mighty thunder lose to the lowly Wolves? yeah sure looks like they don't want to face the 8th seeded Lakers
FuzzySchWartzZ::lakers still need to make the playoffs
EuropeDude1981::aint nobody afraid of your 8th seeded mess. That said, while the real contenders (spurs &amp; heat) have been running on all cylinders for a while, the thunder are just going throught the motions. Durant is putting up good numbers this year but he really fails in the leadership department. His team has no real backbone
VinceLeonardo90720::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBxKLWIyiOQ
Matty_hans::Martin and Lamb need to start sharing minutes.
EuropeDude1981::how did he get worse during the course of the year? You'd think he'd get even better once he settled in, now he's just a light version of oktober kevin martin
LebronJamessssssssss69::Pekovic   &gt; D12
MiQuel249::The season is done rest your players and get ready for the playoffs
Vega_2012::Alright guys your welcome for Budinger, we kind of miss him in Houston. Now let us have KLove.
ALEX47666-3::i could see the thunder losing 3 more games  and the nuggets only losing 1 with only 2 games back   denver might get the second seed
ThomasLovesFootball::Rockets over OKC!!!!
hardenOKC4::kevin martin series mvp
LakersAtSonics1995::LOL
Qster15::thunder su.ck
Wolvesfresh::Chase Budinger is proving to be more valuable to this team then we ever could have imagined.
arenal11::Bud is a baller, we have to resign him this offseason.
hardenOKC4::any wing is gonna be valuable when he's the only one in the rotation
spurs always own lakerheadss::LOL
Lemon Grab::IBaka needs to me mentored by Hakeem, dude needs post movies pronto.
hardenOKC4::he simply cant score in the paint
hardenOKC4::pekovic + horse meat = unstoppable
Bobcats Will Dominate Soon::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=cqo822d  This might be a giant fail or it could be good for both teams. Lakers get a spot up PG who plays defense. Don't have to worry about the Gasol situation. Love can now go play with "help" and Wolves get rid of the roy salary and get a defensive SF. Pacers gain an offensive player that they need badly when times get tough in the game.
Norway-Bulls::yes u are ret@rded
frnorth::that trade is pure trash.
RavensMNWild::Wow you are $@%!$@% ret@rded......
hardenOKC4::I would of thought MIN would like nash to go with rubio, ridnour, barea and shved
EOswede::Everything was upside down today. The Wolves win and the Wild lose. The Gophers hockey team even lost. smh :(
Bobcats Will Dominate Soon::welcome back kevin martin
TheBrownestBob::What are the odds Kevin Love is traded before the start of next season ala James Harden?
frnorth::the odds are 0. Harden was due a large contract on a team already carrying two such large contracts. Love is already signed and the Wolves still have room to maneuver.  The situations are completely different. Odds are much higher with Derick Williams improved play and the over abundance at the PG position that the Wolves make a move for the SG they desperately need using those assets. Which of course makes their cap situation even better.
EOswede::Probably won't happen.
hardenOKC4::a dwight howard - kevin love frontcourt would be interesting
Grindhouse2413::WOW!! Very nice win MIN. My Grizzlies are in town tomorrow night. You guys ready? Hope so.
Kev_010::OKC need better bench players to help Durant and Westbrook. They both can't play 48 min all the time. Having only Martin come off the bench won't help much. They'll be the same as they were last year
Kmacman::The draft picks acquired is the key.  Put those to good use and look out.  Waste them and we'll be what we are right now, which is usually enough to beat everybody except LeBron.
hardenOKC4::why so you can draft good players only to let them go again?
Kmacman::Thanks to the moves they made, they are guaranteed to be contenders for next 5 years.  Pick up an inside threat and they will definitely challenge anybody.  Keeping Harden would have promised never ever getting that inside threat, which would have doomed Thunder for good.
SouthStander132::Kmacman - Thanks to the moves they made, they are guaranteed to be contenders for next 5 years. Pick up an inside threat and they will definitely challenge anybody. Keeping Harden would have promised never ever getting that inside threat, which would have doomed Thunder for good.  === lol
hardenOKC4::you say contender i say pretender.. semantics
TheBrownestBob::They should've kept Harden and let Ibaka go.  A shot-blocking PF/C can be found every year in the draft.
hardenOKC4::with the moves they made they can look forward to being pretenders for some time to come
hardenOKC4::good to see the horse meat diet is paying off for pekovic
GaspoMinnyFan981::This game made up for the missed call at the end of the Lakers gam
hardenOKC4::good game MIN  only one game below .500.. at home
--Td4mvp3 -::Bad news for my Spurs...although we won the game, ginobili will be out at least a week
hardenOKC4::bruised vaj
GaspoMinnyFan981::Listed as day to day
hardenOKC4::westbrook gets no love from the refs because durant gets so many soft calls
NoThunderinThisForecast::Looks like skip bayless was right.  Thunder are a joke w/o Harden.  Such a dumb move.  Not sure OKC even deserves a franchise.
amtrack5::Harden so overrated.  I wish ppl would stop.  He gets shut down by defense.  Completely.  Paul George and Tony Allen made him a nonfactor.
amtrack5::6/24 against Paul George.  3/9 against Tony Allen tonight.  Westbrook has better stats than Harden and everyone thought the beard was better.
--Td4mvp3 -::Congratz on the win minny fans...tough loss thunder fans...this looked like a good game
Boomtown405::It was..  Thunder didnt play "good" but it was a good close game
GaspoMinnyFan981::;)
--Td4mvp3 -::lol
larshook::6 playoff teams in a row and 7 of the last 9 for the Thunder. Good luck ladies. This ought to be the sweatiest 2 seed ever.
--Td4mvp3 -::huh
amtrack5::Call me crazy but...Reggie Jackson would make a better 6th than Kevin Martin.
hardenOKC4::the more minutes he gets the worse they will go
hardenOKC4::didnt you hear reggie jackson is the worst player in the nba
ThomasLovesFootball::Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if OKC gets dropped in the 1st round.
GrapeOKAllDay35::How did our team last year not go 66-0 with Harden?????
Kmacman::Hard to figure, huh?  Especially now that he averages more turnovers and fewer assists per game than Westbrook.
hardenOKC4::should of started
polocash::Manu has done a great job at that role
amtrack5::I was gonna say.  I could name quite a few 6th men that could be legit starters in the NBA.  Manu being one of the best, if not THE best.
amtrack5::Harden was the 6th man.  6th Men are important, but not THAT important.  Too many ppl overrate players and their importance at that position, I guess to make them feel better.
hardenOKC4::how can ibaka block so many shots on defence  yet he cant score close to the hoop to save himself
hardenOKC4::ibaka is stupid
amtrack5::Brooks was too busy telling him to shoot jumpshots.  Guess he forgot that leaves no one under the rim for Off Rebounds
hardenOKC4::he doesnt have a very good feel for the game or good touch
ibelieveguy420::Funny, the Thunder didn't play Westbrook as much as I thought they would...And Minnesota has been playing good ball for the last 2 weeks
TFUID 14::Good game Minnesota.
Sebastian_ Bach::SuCK IT LOSER
jarrollin::wow,great sportsmanship.  never mind that okc kicks butt and we are pretty sorry
LakerYoDawg::KD=Jew  Lebron=$@%! you do the math...Can't even beat the twolves. $@%!.
airemark::Antisemitism is so classy. Moron.
Sebastian_ Bach::im jewish, and my nose is offended.
