pchamer66::singler was ballin
Jeremy-Lin17::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=a4kz53f BOS-DET Thoughts?
bamberg1977::Conceivably, Joe could go out and bring in the mother load.   A. Iguodala, OJ Mayo and Calderon. Cutting (or trade) Stuckey and amnesty CV would easily give him the $.   B. Knight combo off bench for 32 mpg. We'd be contenders immediately presuming Monroe and Drummond's current path continues. And I think Iggy and OJ would come here because of those two. I still think B Knight is the PG of future, but I'd rather have Calderon starting there for a few years.
USAF1970::Singlet stepped up and dropped 20 and 8 and all the can say but one line about that, before the trade he didn't have a game like that, lets see if this continues. Detroit could be lucky and have found their version of grant hill
Tdavis2304::Poor free throws pistons needs to improve
matthewmay54::We won 117 to 99 we won 3 times lets win a nother one
dwighthowardsamazing::Can Monroe or Drummond play the 4 because one needs to Drummond needs more minutes but not at the expense of Monroe
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Monroe is more of a PF.
bamberg1977::Drummond played $@%! poor D in this game again. Last 2 he played bad D he got 18 mins. I dont like seeing him give up the lane for free 5 times and commit 0 fouls. Its happened more and more lately
Jknox421::KYLE SINGLER IS A BEAST!!!
You just won the internet::lebron returning to cleveland?
earlealston::MAN I hope they don't blow this team up.....we have a great future
funyuns72::Been following a bet system called Sportsbettingstar the past few months. Ive made between 2-3k a month average since I started. You will learn more about the system by searching online for sports betting systems
Sleo810::Trade that lottery for a proven low post player!!!! No more lottery picks for a few years, we have enough young players get some vets in there.... Call Utah (Jefferson) call the hawks (josh) call Twovles (love) &amp; sign oden
TheBrownestBob::Andy V doesn't help the team defensively.  Him and Tristan attacking the offensive glass all the time forces our guards and wings to get back and cover... something they can't do when just one of the two is playing.  Cavs need to A) learn how to push the ball after made baskets and missed baskets and B) learn how to run the fastbreak instead of holding the ball and looking for Kyrie.  Once they can start running the break, their offense will be great.  Until then, they can't focus in on that AND defense; the team is just too young and no one on the roster is known as a "great" defender.  There isn't enough time for them to be good at both the break and defense.  But they need to learn how to score in every way possible before they start honing in on defense; offense needs to come naturally for them  and right now, it doesn't.
Jeff7429::After the first sentence I stopped reading.  Please separate Andy's half court D from such a statement.
Jeff7429::we need a SF more than anything.   Andy V. with Speights would be enough muscle.
papa jim swag sauce::heard lebron is coming back!! cav nation hell yea!
lucas hersh::WERE SAVED
lucas hersh::best game of the night top teams going at it
Grindhouse2413::Thanks for Prince Detroit. He fits us well.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Yeah, and thanks for getting us Calderon! He's going to run this team great!
mattcowboys77::lol you said thanks for prince philly....
papa jim swag sauce::not a problem buddy. love u
TheBrownestBob::Tristan Thompson is legit.  I can't believe how well this guy has been playing.  This makes me much more excited to see Waiters and Zeller in their 2nd years.  Zeller more so than Waiters because he looks just as lost as Tristan did last year.
papa jim swag sauce::the only thing legit about this game is that they both legitly suck
lucas hersh::come get some bob
Jeff7429::I don't trust Waiters's focus.  Not sure he will fully 'get it'.   Zeller I think will get better. Totally agree on TT....that was a nice draft 2 years ago...wasn't it ?
bamberg1977::Yeah, and R. Stuckey has 'flashed' superstar potential for 5 yrs too.
Jeff7429::TheBrownestBob - Waiters has flashed more potential at SG than any SG I've seen on the Cavs roster in the last 15 or more years.  The good thing about him is that he has Kyrie and Tristan on his team who are a year removed from their rookie campaigns so they know how important this coming off-season is for honing your craft AND they're the hardest workers on the team AND the best players.  I guarantee Dion is gonna explode next year.  Hope you're right about Waiters.  I see all the talent you see....I question his focus and commitment to be great though, that's all.
TheBrownestBob::Zeller's defense has gotten better as the year has gone on, but he just need to hit the weight room and slam some protein shakes.
TheBrownestBob::Waiters has flashed more potential at SG than any SG I've seen on the Cavs roster in the last 15 or more years.  The good thing about him is that he has Kyrie and Tristan on his team who are a year removed from their rookie campaigns so they know how important this coming off-season is for honing your craft AND they're the hardest workers on the team AND the best players.  I guarantee Dion is gonna explode next year.
Jeff7429::Scott cannot get consistent effort out of his players......no way they respect him.   'Allegedly' tanking doesn't = respect either.
mattcowboys77::Wow just looked at the stats of the game. Pistons went 23-43 from the line.....pathetic!
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Could've scored 137 points...in regulation.
Philip3664::Yeah. Its amazing they were able to still win
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::gocleveland07 - irving scores 30 plus and i can see the cavs winning this by 10 or so  --------------  Really?
1899ClevelandSpiders::The Cavs are now 53-142 under Byron Scott...I know we're rebuilding and started a bunch of D-Leaguers last year but come on, Mike D'Antoni could get more wins out of this team...
crazy sillyfresh dj whipmix::Kevin Jones is the best QG ever.  Better than Tom Bardy.
BootyLoaf.::I got tickets to the thunder game a few days ago and now I don't even want to go anymore. 2 pi.ss poor performances in a row. this team plays with zero heart
evanb1990a::Oh hey yata. You torment yourself with the Cavs too?
evanb1990a::Dropped in. Was on for the Wings game to soak in STL tears. SOMETIMES, the Pistons can be entertaining too.  PS 4Balldo is a solid pitcher, yo.
yata-9arasu::-_-
evanb1990a::Heheh...
yata-9arasu::...........................................................  At least I have my ineligible Buckeyes..... Fml...  Lol.
evanb1990a::Painful, however hard it is for me to feel sympathy as a fan of mostly Michigan sports teams! :P
yata-9arasu::...............................................................................  I am Blue Jackets fan too.....  :'(  I have no words for that team in Columbus the last few years...  Lol @ STL tears!  I was so pumped when we were 2-3........
yata-9arasu::LOL!  Hey what's up!  UBALDO IS THE TRUTH!
CruiseControl2000::Maybe you fans in Cleveland, Toronto, Orlando or other similar cities did not get the Memo. Its a New League. Team up with other star players in Big Market Cities.    That's Life. Enjoy Kyrie Irving while you can. Dude is Counting the days.
1899ClevelandSpiders::I love it when Mr. Know It Alls come and spout jibberish calling others fools when they are fools themselves, what's sad is that his life is so pathetic and boring that he spends his Friday nights trolling Cleveland Cavaliers message boards haha
RZA_CONSOLE::looks like OKC &amp; SA got lucky
BootyLoaf.::lol new collective bargaining and MLE dumbas.s. it is the very end of those days you stupid fu.ck. and id be willing to bet my life that kyrie doesn't go anywhere
yata-9arasu::Did you come here to tell us that?  Does that make you feel better?  Grow up.  Everyone can be a NY fan.
CruiseControl2000::Loyalty is a 2 Way street.
2846mike::Wouldnt doubt it with B. Scott as coach
Beerd0135::I guess there's no such thing as loyalty anymore in the NBA. I'm a Piston fan and I hope Kyrie gives the Cavs a chance.
2846mike::Byron Scott is becoming one of the biggest jokes in the league. How the heck do the Cavs keep losing with three top 10 picks. If you cant beat the Pistons...your coach sucks. And dont give me this BS about tanking.
RZA_CONSOLE::if you don't believe the nba is 99% size/athletic ability, i don't know what to tell you
RZA_CONSOLE::no, i'm not - the nba is athleticism &amp; size. you get a heady PG and scorer - BAM LA Clippers
RZA_CONSOLE::pistons are a good team...  2 athletic big men is pretty hard to find. if they get a stephen curry, they're in the playoffs
2846mike::you gotta be kidding
yata-9arasu::How do you know they are not tanking?
yata-9arasu::You are correct!  Thank you for correcting me!  Awesome that you got something.  Lol!
BootyLoaf.::haha that game was the 26th, on my birthday. I went and sat right behind cavs bench and got tarrence kinseys headband
yata-9arasu::November 27, 2008.  Cavs crush the Thunder 117-82.  Everyone said.  Durant just puts up numbers his team doesn't win.  Where is that team now?  Skip 3 lotteries later and they lost by single digits in a game where Durant was rejected by James in the waning seconds.  It takes time.
2846mike::Yata...you keep bringing up the Thunder. This Cavs team is not the Thunder. They wont win 50 games next year after a three year rebuild. Wont happen.
yata-9arasu::Mike Brown was a good defense coach and it fit the Cavs.  Scott is a good offensive coach.  But they both need the pieces to work in their system.  It takes time.  The Thunder were worse then the Cavs in their first two years with Durant but now they are one of the best teams in the NBA.  Patience.
2846mike::Really, yata? Then a coach of the year like Mike Brown who took the Cavs to the Finals shouldnt be fired...right? But you'll say he rode LeBron James...and I'll say Scott rode Kidd and CP3,
yata-9arasu::Does he have a bench?  Do the Cavs play defense?  Are they not young?  A joke doesn't take his team to two NBA Finals and gets the top seed with the Hornets.  It takes time.  I'm sorry you don't understand how to build a team.  Durant never won more than 22 games in his first 2 seasons and look where they are now.  Patience.
2846mike::Dont be a joke, yata. Pistons dont have a franchise player like Irving. Byron Scott is a joke. You can defend him all you want and make excuses for him but it is what it is.
yata-9arasu::But they didn't.  They have veterans.  They have a better bench.  They actually play some type of defense.  The Cavs are young.  Don't play defense and they don't have a bench.  The defense is the part you can blame Scott for and it is not all his fault.  He doesn't defend.
2846mike::The Pistons have a better reason to tank and they schooled the Cavs tonight.
Steveo1554::They got Shabazz Muhammad looked at for the 3rd pick in the draft going to Cleveland. Does anyone else think they should trade that pick away to someone and go for a player like Ibaka instead? I really can't see the freshman Muhammad being a All-Star. Seems like a hyped player to me that has a few good games once in a while but isn't deserving of being picked 3rd in the draft.
1899ClevelandSpiders::when was the last time NY won a playoff series?
CruiseControl2000::Damn. I feel bad for Kyrie Irving. That dude must go home every night after another loss and just shake his head.   Come to MSG in 2015 Kyrie
yata-9arasu::It has always been like that.  I chose to be a Cleveland fan.  Easily could have been a NY fan.  It is what it is.
CruiseControl2000::Well whenever the first chance he can become a FA. That dude is gonzo.    New League. Sucks for you fans in Cleveland, or other cities. Great for us fans of teams in big markets.
yata-9arasu::He is.  He can't go to NY in 2015 unless it is a Cavaliers uniform.
CruiseControl2000::Yeah. Kyrie Irving is freaking insane. That dude is sick.
yata-9arasu::Do you know anything about basketball???
yata-9arasu::???  Of course he won't be an all star his first few years.  He reminds me of MKG.  He basically needs a jumper.  He can be an all star and we really need a SF.
RZA_CONSOLE::drummond - 9th pick lol
FormingPanda::Well another inconsistent performance by the Cavs
CruiseControl2000::"Just counting down the days until I am able to pull a Lebron"   Kyrie Irving
lvis11::I was thinking the same thing with them all ending up with the 2015 Lakers for Kobe's last hurrah!!!!!!!  It is so difficult being a Cleveland fan there isn't any hope for any of them...that's why it's so frustrating to hear other people $@%!$ about their team sucks....Hello?????? all of our teams suck!!!!!!
FormingPanda::wheres the dislike button lol
CruiseControl2000::You know that brother can't wait to leave
Spoofen::Dion Waiters... 6 pts... really?
BootyLoaf.::why in the hell didn't 1 starter play 1 minute in the 4th? god damn we cut it to 9 with 5 minutes left too and still left everyone on the bench... its really hard to support a basketball team that intentionally loses
yata-9arasu::I know but it is for the best....  It was really annoying.  The lead is probably less and Kyrie could have maybe pulled it out but we just have to live with this for this last year...  No excuses next year.
Petey 6677::Lmao at the fan wearing Prince jersey that ain't know he got traded
BootyLoaf.::??? I still wear my delonte west jersey
BootyLoaf.::oh haha are you serious?
Petey 6677::He was leaning over the tunnel waiting for Prince to come out, then someone told him he's traded &amp; he took jersey off
jays hit moonshots::why didn't calderon play?
kragtdogg23::Needs his US Visa.
Well behaved::Visa issues
Detroit Everything::Frank is so interesting
Detroit Everything::and by interesting, i mean i want to give him a nuggie
trademarktaz::coolio at half time on sunday? i'm there
Hi There_::You are in store for a 'fantastic voyage'
denn19641::Despite the win Pistons is a pathetic 23-43 from the FT Line. There shouldn't be any fight left fro the Cavs in the 4th if we are decent on the stripe.
yata-9arasu::There is a reason we were fouling you guys intentionally....  The Cavs sat their starters for some reason in the 4th......
sailor 6 shooter::hey this is a serious question... are the drugs any good in michigan?
Well behaved::No you need to go to Miami for those
TigerMichLion111::Wy are the celtics winning?? They NEED TO LOSE!!
TigerMichLion111::Prince with 14 pts and 3 ast tonight!!  Good luck prince!!!
cowboysspurs81::So do you think Singler is a good fantasy pick up now?
TigerMichLion111::Yes
yata-9arasu::I can't wait until baseball season!  GO TRIBE!!!
TigerMichLion111::Lol the tigers own the central!! Best team in baseball
yata-9arasu::Martinez has to show he can perform after injury.  I think he will and the Tigers will have a nasty monster at 3/4/5.
yata-9arasu::I doubt it.  The other players need to hit.  The pitchers still have to perform.  Cabrera/Fielder will produce but you have to hope for Jackson to follow his big year(most likely will struggle because of his BABIP).  Peralta will be what he was last year and so will Avila based on career BABIP.  And they still need to pitch.  We will see. You don't win on paper.  Tigers are very good though.
TigerMichLion111::....that was last year, you know we've added a few guys like a very good OF in torii hunter and clutch hitting DH V Mary and anibal Sanchez a whole year and o more valverde and bigger years from Avila and peralta!!  Lol tigers ar event team in baseball and I say they win at least 100
yata-9arasu::Lol.  SF has something to say about that.  And we will see.
Maxi Klinger::LOL, your baseball team is worse than your NBA team, i didnt think that was possible, but it is.
Wayz112::There were no winners here tonight. In the end both fanbases have to go back to Cleveland and Detroit.
shibboleth77::Again Pistons are not in Detroit. Grow up.....
Philip3664::Tayshaun wearing #21. Thought he would wear 22
Detroit Everything::Tay wore 21 in college also
Hi There_::isn't rudy gay 22? maybe out of respect or they cant make the switch that quick for technical reasons
Detroit Everything::Chauncey for AI :(
Bill O O::Austin Carr is not happy!
Wayz112::Cleveland vs Detroit. Two cities home to the scum of the earth.
shibboleth77::Funny how the pistons do not play in Detroit. They play in Auburn Hills. Think before you talk.
yata-9arasu::Cool story.  Tell it again.
trademarktaz::haven't seen the pistons beat a team down this badly in a long time
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Phoenix by 40?
jeppydutch::yes
2215Tommy::Hopefully towards the end of the year we will begin to see a lineup like this: Calderon PG Knight SG Singler SF Monroe PF Drummond C This a good young team with a very bright future.  Calderon is a great leader for these guys.  Not sure how long we have him for, but I think he has a lot to teach the younger guards the Pistons have.  Especially Brandon Knight.
t casey::I still like Knight at pg. Lately he's been finding guys better, but they haven't always been knocking down shots like they should. If he can figure out the position better he can be really good still. It's just his second season after all and he's at arguably the toughest position to learn. Plus, he's too small to be an effective 2 guard. He already not scoring consistently well against opposing 1's.
Wayz112::Lebron could beat the Cavs 1 on 5
yata-9arasu::Good game Pistons!  Good luck this year!  Practice those FT.  Lol.  GO CAVS!!!
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::and we are usually a bad FT team...but never that bad! That was ugly! If I didn't watch the game, I would've said Andre shot all of our FT's tonight lol!
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Thanks! Good luck to you guys too!
