eric-bledsoe-666::clippers&gt;pistons
kingtai01::Three rings&gt;&gt;0
BearJWS::Dork...
tom55011::I love how people keep fooling themselves into thinking the pistons have young talent. If they were that talented they wouldn't be 7-19. They suck!
bamberg1977::You keep believing that, but you'll be the one surprised when they're winning 50+ games 2014-end of time if they can keep them all. The other good thing about Pistons is they have talent at 3 hardest positions to find it. They are very appealing destination for a good wing and they have money. Knight is not a ball hog PG and they are all driven, mature,hard working young guys.
detroit dave93::You got that right brother, that jack A#@ shooting off his mouth don't even know what the hell he is talking about.!!
bamberg1977::They're 20, 21, and 22 and the 22 year old is having his worst season in NBA so far. He just is forcing. And the 20 year old who's been dominant at times already has not been playing much until lately.   They're really good for their age. They also start another rookie in Singler. And they may be 7-19, but they are competitive every night. It wouldnt be that hard  to see them make a run at .500 team by the end of the year.
BearJWS::I'll add Drummond is only 19 &amp; he's already physically strong. His athleticism is great too.
kevininOKC67::I have been using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. Im making around 2-3K a month profits using the system so far. If you search google for sports betting systems you will find this system. If you bet on sports at all you have to check this system out.
EricO3303::Any one know why hibbert only played 15 min.
Rexanilatorz::Deep Thigh Bruise should be back next game according to Vogel
Nate6784::"injury".. from a fantasy perspective i was checking to
detroit dave93::Good game tonight Pacer fans, The Pacers look like to me a very well balanced team, great team work , they should go deep in to the playoffs. Merry Christmas every one.
cwboysfan09::i want to see the old knicks and pacers rivalry come playoff time like how it was in the 90's.  ill be rooting for em
cubbiespride16::If Paul George can keep playing like he is right now, the Pacers can go on a lengthy winning streak.
cwboysfan09::hopefully they get granger back to 100%. ..  Chicago hasn't addressed the hole at the 2 spot that can consistently play on both ends and boozer can't be trusted.  If Chicago doesn't win, and they are capable using the amnesty one player, it has to be applied to Boozer.  This is assuming he has years on his contract left and they have an amnesty to use
cubbiespride16::Yeah but D Rose is better than George.  I'd like to say George is better but I would be dead wrong.
NGplayinskillz::I am not saying that George is better than Rose. I am saying that now Indy will have multiple threats in Granger, West, and George whereas Chicago only has one major threat and that is D-Rose.
bamberg1977::I dont even think the Knicks are really as good as they appear. They started hot, but they will come back to Earth. So reliant on the 3. And NJ/Brooklyn not that great either.  Chicago and Miami healthy are great teams. Then I'd put Pacers on tier with Knicks and Brooklyn .
NGplayinskillz::I dunno I think Indiana is much better than Chicago. Even w/ D-Rose healthy I still think Indiana is better than Chicago because Indy has an emerging Paul George and last time Indy played Chicago in the playoffs Indy didn't have David West yet.
bamberg1977::Especially in the East. I think Pistons are going to  go on a decent run and get the 12th pick late in season, which will be annoying. They actually finished last season 21-21 after the 4-20 start. WHich is why I'm surprised they're this bad. But G. Monroe needs to get back to being G. Monroe.
bamberg1977::The twitter feed says rookie Miles Plumlee leads all scorers with 28 pts. WTF? That actually freaked me out like how did I miss that?
cubbiespride16::28 points?? Wow..was the other team playing their third string? lol
Area55andG2::Fort Wanye Mad ants
bamberg1977::Fort Wayne was the original Pistons!
JoshuaMoulWL::Do any of you know Travis Diener. If so he lived in Fond du Lac and i live in Fond du Lac how cool is that. Now only if he was good
JoshuaMoulWL::tom crean was the coach
JoshuaMoulWL::yeah thats him #34
JoshuaMoulWL::think he plays across seas now
JoshuaMoulWL::you know him
bamberg1977::I remember him from Marquette with D. Wade. They were really good and made final four
bamberg1977::I remember him
JoshuaMoulWL::yup
kdenis451991::Isnt that the white point guard that use to play on the pacers?
JoshuaMoulWL::the only bad thing is that I go to SMSA the high school right next to Fondy
t casey::I'm good.
JoshuaMoulWL::dont think you made it to the nba
JoshuaMoulWL::if you dont know him look him up on google
bamberg1977::Monroe 33 mins, Drummond 29 mins. New career high minutes for Drummond and First time we've seen Monroe play that much PF. He played 14 mins at PF. For Drummond to start Monroe only needs to play around 18 minutes at PF for his career.
bamberg1977::Unfortunately this was partially due to matchups.
MasterOfLogic::Good game Pacers, wasn't here for this one... again, some impressive D.
Rexanilatorz::Roy HIbbert got injured :( has a bruised thigh
iVoted4Kodos.::Irving's black mask is a trip. Career game as well: 41 point game.
Rexanilatorz::WOW KYRIE IRVING PUTTING ON A SHOW 41 POINTS AGAINST THE KNICKS
bamberg1977::If Drummond starts, and gets 30+ minutes and you start seeing 5, 10 minute stretches where he doesnt seem like the same guy... you will only then understand Dumars and Franks plan.   I've already seen (although very rarely) a little coast to his game. They are beating it out of him.
t casey::I'm not really sold on Drumond starting either, but I do think he needs more minutes alongside the starters when he's playing well like tonight.
Monroe Choke::he learned the coast from monroe
lboogie737::Attendance: 13,235, No way.
Monroe Choke::looked like maybe 3k
lboogie737::1300.
Monroe Choke::West scores 23 on a crap def and pacer fans think hes jordan
jwright520::pfff shut up weirdo
CBears5::<b> This all starts with starting Drummond </b>
leo9212::Well good game Piston you all just have a lot of young talent. I think one more year should make pistons a decent team
t casey::I hope so. I'm not sure they reach their potential under a mediocre coach like Frank, but we'll see what they can do.
Monroe Choke::Ok ty leo lol lol lol
TheJTram::Now then, back to business...start Drummond or #firefrank
Rexanilatorz::Now get Plum out of the D-League if Hibbs can't go on Tuesday and I think Stephenson should be back on Tuesday for sure
leo9212::Lol did he just call west young man
Monroe Choke::lol yea leo lol lol lol
CBears5::<b> Pistons should bring back Ben Wallace, and the Pacers should bring back Artest+Jackson. Let's have a malice at the palace part 2 </b>
iVoted4Kodos.::not enough fans in attendance to have a brawl
Monroe Choke::Cut Drummond
Rexanilatorz::That is why David West should be an All-Star
azehr31::deserves it more so than jeremy lin, or some other cheap vote in
TheJTram::^
bamberg1977::He's a very solid player. Borderline all-star type guy. Can he get it done in playoffs though?   Thats what seperates guys like Rip Hamilton from other guys who had similar stats. He actually picked it up in playoffs. If he did, I'd agree he should be.
Taco with a Q::West was killing it last year in the playoffs
Monroe Choke::he only had 23....calm down
Taco with a Q::He's carried the Pacers this year you uneduacted fool
azehr31::3rd that
Taco with a Q::Agreed
TheJTram::lmfao Drummond got ran over. Welcome to the NBA rookie
leo9212::that was def a flop lol
bamberg1977::I dont think it was, I think he tried to get out of the way and was off balance.
Monroe Choke::7-19
t casey::Damn. Can't be mad there. lol When you contest shots you get dunked on every now and again.
bamberg1977::B. Knight needs to take the reigns from Stuckey. Stuckey is too one on one. And Knight is 100X's better shooter. He just doesnt take bad shots. I like Stuckey ok, but it always devolves in to iso offense that eventually goes cold.
t casey::I don't like how the offense works with Stuckey in there either. Knight takes some bad shots at times, but we get more motion on offense when he's out there calling pick and rolls. Stuckey's doing good work out there, but whenever he's in the game Knight either gets iced or often relegated to being a spot up shooter.
bamberg1977::I guess I should say he rarely takes bad shots, and partially they arnt bad because he's so dang lethal from 3.
leo9212::lol why did Drummond just flop
leo9212::When David West gets mad, He gets Buckets
Monroe Choke::did he get really really mad?
Taco with a Q::Quit claiming you know the Pacers dude, you are the worst troll
EastCoastSurfing::not as mad as you, quit crying kid.
Rexanilatorz::WEST!
Monroe Choke::Taco with a Q U E E R
Taco with a Q::Surprising lol
Taco with a Q::The play were David West gets pissed, then he erupts!!  Tonight it was the bad offensive foul that did it
azehr31::look taco...he's following you  lol
Taco with a Q::Hes got some obsession about me, every time I show him up he likes to follow lol
Monroe Choke::awwww did West get mad?
Taco with a Q::When West gets mad, good things happen for the Pacers fool
Monroe Choke::Bench the slug Monroe
Rexanilatorz::David West!!
TheJTram::Moose? Being aggressive? Coulda been in a better timing
leo9212::Lol David west can;t miss a shot
Philip3664::I know this was the second game of a back to back but this was a horrible game by the Pistons
jwright520::pacers D
iVoted4Kodos.::Now they put Drummond in???
bamberg1977::He barely sat in the 4th. And he was clearly tired when they took him out. Got a little sloppy
Taco with a Q::Thats your #1 defense in the league right here
Monroe Choke::So is your crying
Taco with a Q::you mean laughing lol
azehr31::hey now, no need for name calling because ur team is going to lose ;)
Monroe Choke::Where? The Pistons do this kinda crap every night. Taco B I T C H
Taco with a Q::Lol always got something to say, your trolling is rather comical
leo9212::One of the main reason is with Hibbert defending the basket
Taco with a Q::No doubt about that
leo9212::I think we should be able to Win this division. I don't see how we can;t win this
bamberg1977::Chicago is pretty dang good. When is Rose back?
jwright520::lmao bamberg. ur lookin at most efficient offense in the league from last year with healthy granger
leo9212::ohh please Pacers can go head to head with Chicago any day
bamberg1977::leo9212 - pacers good too  I'd take Chi in a heartbeat. Pacers have good D, but Chicago can score too. Dont give me any Granger. Even with him Pacers are at best average on O
leo9212::pacers good too
Rexanilatorz::Depends how long Hibbert and Stephenson are out for we should get back Granger in Feb.
Monroe Choke::Im not sure if any detroit team is going to win another game this year.
DetroitSportsFan84279::Lions should win this week. It'd be pretty sad if they didn't.
colts8733::Even though Paul George is struggling shooting (6-17) this makes me even happier about him that he has effected the game with his rebounding (8) and assists (7)
Rexanilatorz::The team was in total chaos when Hibbert left was crazy
paul11370::Wtf! Detroit !
TheJTram::Fml...Moose hurt. Wait...that means Drummond has a chance to start finally...
Rexanilatorz::very quietly Paul George is flirting with a triple double 2 rebounds and 3 assists for a triple double!
Monroe Choke::Hopefully Monroes out for the season
DetroitSportsFan84279::Lovin the offensive explosion by the Pistons in the fourth...
leo9212::Monroe hurt
tjolson88::No, he's just tuuuuurible
bamberg1977::He might need a rest. I'm kinda serious, needs to reset and refocus
bamberg1977::Missed wide open layup by Stuckey pretty much sums up tonight
t casey::Where the $@%! was Monroe? Dre has to guard both guys now?
