Alvin::Ok the kings are my team I just think they all need to stop playing isolation all the time. Sometimes IT frustrates me he does not take screens well he gets a screen er and he tries to go around his defender instead of taking the screen and creating a mismatch, ya he is fast and he can get around people but you will create more for the team and yourself if there is a miss match on D. jimmer needs to do some better training in summer call            J Stockton or chris paul and ask to train with them during the summer. the coach told him he is in there for O but I think he is trying to prove himself as a point and passes when he should not, and yes giving some one constant mins make them better cant get better on the bench he needs real nba experience. I love DMC but he could look for the open man when he gets double teamed. people do hate on jimmer allot its pretty amusing but IT and B MAC are a terrible Defenders also. people get around IT just as much as they do jimmer. they both need to try harder to stay in front of there man. I think to balance the team we need a D oriented PF and SG if we are keeping IT as a starter.
Newleaf::Interesting to read people making comments that Jimmer is not playing good defense.  If you read the head coach Malone's comments about why the team is losing or what needs to be improve on, he frequently blames the team for not playing good defense.  So why blame Jimmer who is not playing or hardly playing being for playing bad defense?  It is not fair to compare Jimmer's stats to IT or other starters because he does not have the minutes or the consistent playing to prove himself.   I see tonight he played about 12 minutes with 9 points, compared to Mclemore, 23 min = 3pts, JT played 26 min and no points, I think if Jimmer were to get some of those kinds of minutes and consitent playing, his scoring will be up there every night.  No one in here is making a comment about those guys who have more minutes and less production.  Oh, I am a racist, love and hate everyone the same fashion.
RC::it's crazy for the kings to be so bad...no defense & not efficient enough to outscore the other team most nights. as for jimmer, he's a shooter trying to learn the pg position because at 6'2 that's what he'll have to be in the nba. he could end up being a player similar to george hill for indiana if he steps his defense up..but sacramento is the wrong place to learn those skills! just a bad fit for him...with the kings he's just another shooter who can't really defend..
NBA Seuss::Okay, I have been watching Jimmer closely on defense so that I can make an honest assessment. Some people think he's a good defender, while others think he's the worst in the league.  From what I've seen he is very inadequate.  On a fastbreak he had Brian Roberts coming down the middle of the floor. Jimmer's job was to either stop the ball handler or cut off the wing.  He did neither, and Roberts got down the middle of the lane. I then saw Jimmer get caught on a backscreen on the baseline, leaving Roberts wide open in the corner. Then he got caught on a screen at the top of the key, allowing Roberts to make a jumper, and on the next play he got caught on another screen and allowed Roberts to get inside for a floater.   One on one, he doesn't look too bad, but his PNR and transition defense are bad. But hey, he#$%$ his shots at least.  It's easy to see why the Kings' guards don't pass very much. He got Rudy open for a three, and instead Rudy tried a behind-the-back dribble move and bounced it off his foot.
poyman::Looking at Davis's stat line I am thinking that the Kings ought to try and get him back for Gay.
Rock Solid::Even LBJ can not produce anything if he can only play 3 to 4 mins
mike::Why is every comment about Jimmer?
Rock Solid::Why draft him so early not letting him play
D. Darqwon::The Kings are racist for not starting and letting Jimmer take all the shots!
Jacob::Play Jimmer more!  He has the best stats of the team today.
