csmeech::The players change and yet the team has the same problems.  What is the common factor?  The coach.  He's awful.  The team is horribly coached.  He cannot get players to buy in.  Why?  Because he is a terrible coach and they know it.  He is a joke to the players.  Yet the Magic organization fails to make a change.  They looked clueless and predictable out there.  It's the coach it's the coach it's the coach!
Bede Bears 2::Dwight said it was too cold in Chicago.  Over the last week Chicago has had higher temps than LA, Phoenix, Miami, Dallas, Houston, Orlando.....  JOKE.
LeoPat11::Da Bulls just proved they can play without the best PG in the league. DROSE!!!
53Kevin::stubbing my toe&gt;Heat Trolls
ttecza::Cheating Girlfriend &gt; Heat Trolls
sumbrownkid::Taxes &gt; Heat Trolls
IlliniDave68::Snooki wasted &gt; Heat trolls
yardog59::Hangovers &gt; Heat Trolls
53Kevin::More dumber than giving a 1 dollor bill for a 50,more stupid than giving all your money to a rich man,able to turn legit basketball topics into total garbage,look down in your toilet it's $hit,it's pee,its- THE HEAT TROLL!
IlliniDave68::A certain hypocritical, cowardly Heat groupie (Chicago fans know who I'm referring to) who was griping about the fact that Orlando was on the 2nd game of a back-to-back last night seems to have conveniently forgotten that the Bulls were on their 4th game in 5 nights when they lost to the Magic on March 8.
53Kevin::Thats just typical Heat Troll being ignorant as always!
yardog59::Last year:  Rose becomes the youngest recipient of the league MVP award  This year:  The reigning MVP helps bring another NBA championship to Chicago.
Choose your member name::Bulls don't have DRose they go out and beat Mia and Orl.  Heat don't have LeBron, they can't do s.h.i.t.  Bulls don't have Rose and Rip, still best team in the league.   Heat lose LeBron and Wade, they become the Raptors.   Bull season injuries involved Rose, Rip, Deng, Noah, Gibson, Watson, and Brewer. And we still have the best record in the league.  What would happen in Miami would have the big 3 injured? What kind of team would they be? Hmmm
IlliniDave68::^THIS.
CyBuck1::Notice how the trolls care more about the MVP then their team winning a championship.  Good to see where their priorities are, shows that they aren't real fans.
Gerrickp24::Never thought about it like that. lol   Hold celebration... show everyone you can count to 8. what else to you people want?
Nanrad_91::As chicagofan68 said: well they already celebrated 8+ championships, why bother actually working towards one?
Danny74068::To all my Bulls fans:  Don't argue with idiots. They drag you down to their level and beat you with experience
IlliniDave68::Wow. All these butt-hurt individuals who STILL can't get over D. Rose winning the MVP LAST YEAR.  Just sad.  Get over it, folks. You're not gonna change it and continuing to moon over it just isn't healthy.
AfroHyde19::Butt HURT?   Too funny
nba is the worst::But PER?  Too funny
aise5668::Outside of the travesty that was Steve Nash, last season's Derrick Rose MVP was the lowest PER by an MVP since the merger!  i.e. he didn't deserve to win.
sumbrownkid::MVP is more than just stats and PER.  It's for the most VALUABLE.  As in most important.  Shaq sucked at free throws but he was MVP.  You're just grasping at straws.
Gerrickp24::Miami Heat fans... smh
Danny74068::Don't argue with idiots. They drag you down to their level and beat you with experienc
aise5668::+1
nba is the worst::False.  Despite your biased opinion, "best player on the team with the best record" is still a frequent "winner" of the MVP voting.
Gerrickp24::Dude.... that's last years conversation... We are looking at this year where they might have to make the coach the most valuable player winner.
Danny74068::Dude get over it.  Next you'll be going to his house and try to steal your precious MVP award.
Gerrickp24::This is the proof that the Bulls is the best team in the NBA and Thibs/Pax might be the best Coach/GM in the historty of the game. When you have so many injuries to "Key" players and you can still go 2 weeks winning 8 out of your last 10, or 7 straight. it calls for one to pay attention, that they may be witnessing greatness. Rose/Ham was suppose to be the team leading scorers. How many games have they played. Lu, Rose, Rip have all missed at the least 10 games. Keep in mind Rip injury has overlaped both Rose and Lu.   Thib keeps em winning. Before he is finished, this will not be the only record he will break
DRoseIsSexy::Very.
DRoseIsSexy::This team will just get better and btter.
Gerrickp24::Scary huh?
jaycooper37::Im tired of these MORONS who keep saying Da Bulls dont have enuff OFFENSE to win a title. Everybody knows DEFENSE WINS games and championships. Furthermore, this amazing group is more confident and wiser than last year. These guys WIN with KEY PLAYERS injured b/c they play DEFENSE like nobody's business, and get key contributions from several players every night, win or lose. I hope Da Bulls have a helluva road to the finals so D-Rose, Thibs, and the gang can squirt doo-doo in the face of all those naysayers who prop up paper champions. And once Rose gets his first ring (whenever it happens), a dynasty will begin to blossom. BELIEVE THAT!
Gardaddy7::amen brother,i like in ft lauderdale,florida which is by miami but i am from chicago and have always stayed a bulls fan and i almost feel bad for these bandwagoning heat fans,i would much rather have our big 12 than the "big 3",i will take a TEAM over a few individuals any day.Alot of these people might not remember but Jordan and scottie were a big reason why we have 6 championships but NONE of those would not have been won if it wasn't for players like kerr,grant,rodman,paxson,longley,king,cartwright,etc.The heat will not win any championships until they start being more of a team.LeBum is a cancer as far as i am concerned,let him get the mvp again,it is the only trophy he will have,lol!
Danny74068::I Bullieve it.
RAlexander 07::Enjoy your time in Orlando, Dwight. Will never get farther than you did a few years back. Your team already peaked and you just ensured that you will not be able to leave for another year. Well done.
Mr.october187::I am sorry ut i just hate Miami see u soon. Go Bulls
Danny74068::Bulls ,please like if you like..  http://images.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/16684497.jpg
Mr.october187::Why are the miami heat so damn Hollywood answers please.
ronbo 236::I can't answer cause the team is embarassing, Dwayne Wade is the only player who I respect on that team because he's not a drama queen and just wants to play basketball!!!
Timmys Crossover136::Lmao to all you bulls  fans who preach 5 better then 3, discredit what rio and anthony bring to the heat, but then turn around and praise jl3 and gibson.
AdamSaidThis::Outside of three players though...Miami truly has a terrible cast. Chalmers would be a third string point on the Bulls. No hateraide...it's just true. Cole would not have been signed at all. Pittman is worse than the Bulls bench center in Asik. Eddy Curry is not even really a player. Battier might find burn as a 9th or 10th man in situations for the Bulls...but idk...I'd rather have Korver off the bench and then give Jimmy Butler more playing time than watching Battier try hard. Am I missing anyone of importance? Haslem is almost ok. Rather have Taj Gibson...but Hasleem is probably the best outside of the three that Miami has.
Chi Town Stand Up::Don't diss Haslem, even as a Bulls fan him, Dwade, and Battier are some guys I really respect.
Mr.october187::baseket ball is a team sport not individual.true u can get individual rewards but at the end of the day you need a strong supporting cast.
ronbo 236::The Miami Heat bench isn't close to how good the Bulls bench is because if you took out 1 or 2 of their star players they could not win a game like the Bulls..By the way the 3 stars Wade, Bosh, and Lebrick average 85 to 95% of their points so their bench don't mean sh*t
Mr.october187::But if one of them goes down who is gonna step up ummmm wait lets see nobody.
Mr.october187::well evertime i watch them play us they bring nothing only one who gives us a little problem is haslem the rest are just watching
Timmys Crossover136::Bulls own the best bench hands down in the nba, but heat bench isnt bad by any means, okc has the worst bench out of the big 3 teams imo
Mr.october187::Is it me or is the big two and a half is surrounded by waterboys lol.
Mr.october187::The road to the finals is going to go threw Chicago.
niner797::That's right!!!
sportspotpourri::And the 2012 Defensive Player of the Year award goes to, the entire Bulls roster.
Mr.october187::Something miami dont have which is a supporting cast . See u soon south beach
niner797::Just keep on rolling!GO BULLS!!!
CyBuck1::Antoine Walker sells 2006 NBA championship ring for $21,500 as part of bankruptcy settlement  http://sports.yahoo.com/blogs/nba-ball-dont-lie/antoine-walker-sells-2006-nba-championship-ring-21-164118978.html  I guess the Trolls didn't want a Heat ring that bad.
Gardaddy7::walker was always a tool,sometimes god gives you a gift and you just blow it,makes you wonder sometimes about all that,i wish i had talent like that,and money like that would be nice too,i would be able to do alot more charitable stuff and still never go bankrupt,that's enough for me and my boy,his kids,grandkids,and so and and so on,what a waste,just sad.
Gex.2::how in god's name to you blow $110 million?  that's enough for 50 people to live off the rest of their lives.
Danny74068::Probably betted all on the Heat  vs. Mavs last year..    LOL.  j/k
sportspotpourri::I wish I knew how. I'd love to try it.
Mr.october187::Me personally i dont think kobe wants to play for mike brown he like a substitute teacher.
Mr.october187::I this is a long shot but i would love to see the mamba finish his career in his idols house along side d-rose and company
nephew1220::i would love it as well
sportspotpourri::No thanks
Mr.october187::How many people out there would like to see kobe in a bulls uniform and in the house jordan built
YoungQuin88::No one bruh I can't lie. He a hof tho.
God asked Derrick to Rise _ Derrick Rose::Are you serious?
Gex.2::eric gordon, oj mayo, courtney lee, kevin martin
LeBron James in Overtime::OJ MAYO!
Mr.october187::who joe johnson mr choke .
God asked Derrick to Rise _ Derrick Rose::Joe
Mr.october187::who would be better to fill that two guard position.
DRoseIsSexy::While I hate to see Rose out. I think this is a great for the team. Good time to gain exp and let's others step up. Sit Rose as long as possible don't want him getting hurt.
philly7ko::Thibs!!!!  I can't believe i wanted Avery Johnson or D'Antoni before
Kskate2::Can you imagine if D'Antoni had came.  Yikes!  They would be playing no defense and trying to generate more offense than what they theoretically can now.
Mr.october187::glad that didnt happen.
blamecanada2012::Bulls fans, don't forget to go to the board for the game against the Raptors and Wednesday and rip on Canada
ArcusProtus::your member name is relevant. +1
YoungQuin88::I can't wait for Bulls vs OKC man, where as I think it will be a good measuring stick for us. I don't think OKC has faced a defense like ours so far and I've given the Bulls the confidence to go out there and do what they do defensively (in my D Rose voice).
Kskate2::Spurs is a good defensive team that could be close to Bulls intensity.  OKC lost at home to Spurs over the weekend.  They were down by 25 points and made a 4th qtr comeback, but the Spurs held on.
ronbo 236::That's gonna be a great game I can't wait to see it, I'm sure the Bulls will win with their awesome defense but it should be a close game especially since Kevin Durant is a very tough match up for anybody..The Bulls will try to stop Durant and completely shut down everyone else, I will say one thing I don't think the Bulls can beat OKC without Rose if they do it's a plus and that's a compliment for OKC!!
Mr.october187::yeah it would be great
Mr.october187::I am not sold with OKC they are a good team but i just dont see them getting pass San Antonio this year stephen jackson was a good pick up for them.
YoungQuin88::Ultimately I think their turnover prone ways would doom them against the Bulls. But hey it should be great. Hopefully everybody will be healthy tho.
DRoseIsSexy::That's gonna be a great game. Excited as well.
Mr.october187::I think that if the bulls would have gotten dwight howard he would have destroyed the team chemistry joakim noah is a really good player and teammate he does not get the credit he deserves because he is not sexy team like a miami or new york they just look good on paper.
DRoseIsSexy::While Dwight would have most likely = championship. We can still win it w/o him. I love how Noah stepped up.
Mr.october187::I think the bulls will prove this year that 5 beats three any day and that everybody will get off the sexy ban-wagon and relize it takes a whole team to win not just individual effort.
Nanrad_91::They are never hopping off.
DRoseIsSexy::I love Thibs!!! So glad we have em!
Danny74068::http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/16666899.jpg
vickfan770::Dwight is regretting "loyalty" more every day. Loyalty doesn't pay the bills and it certainly doesnt get you wins
LakersOwnNBA::Loyalty has paid him well
PutYouOn::pay the bills??? the guy has money up the a s s
Lord Of Da Bulls::Heat fans keep saying they'll beat us in the playoffs cause they did it last year, that were stil that same team. Chi bench mob got even better and deeper(Gibson s been a boss when playing), and we came back with a chip on our shoulder, blown out teams like the magic without the reigning MVP. Point is... MIA WATCH OUT THERES A STAMPEDE RUSHIN FOR YA!!
Erica6592::Does anyone notice that since Rose has been out, the BACKUP PG'S have LESS assists per game than he does? and haters are calling HIM selfish smh! Stop trying to find excuses not to like his game
ronbo 236::Watson just had a bad game he had 20 points the game before so i'm sure he will be back to himself next tme he plays!!
Erica6592::nah, I just watch A LOT of basketball! Btw, if DH wants to be a leader, he MUST knock down FT and MOTIVATE his team!
Danny74068::I was really happy with Boozers game last night.  He was superb!!!  Waston??? what happened to him?
Erica6592::I have been well and Yes, I did enjoy the game. I posted a comment about the keys for a bulls victory(defend the 3 pt line, rebound and make sure DH goes to the FT line) and those things were exacuted perfectly!
Danny74068::Damn... Keep it up and you can be the next THIBS... LOL.
sumbrownkid::That's been game plan for the magic by every team for the past 3 years.
Erica6592::Hello Danny! Thibs is a great coach!
Danny74068::Yes he is.  How've you been? Did you enjoy the game yesterday?
Danny74068::Hello Erica.  The hate because they are feeling a little THIBSY!!!
LakersOwnNBA::I dont think the Bulls can beat the Lakers in 7 games
winfieldbus::he's right. the bulls would beat them in 4 or 5
Choose your member name::lmao
YoungQuin88::Lol wut
PutYouOn::have u seen how ur teams offense has been???
TheTruthCanStingABit::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2h60uviwKC0  This is why people hate the Heat.
Danny74068::And This year best ACTOR's AWARD Go to...
ArcusProtus::http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&amp;NR=1&amp;v=ihuOrQHSjWQ  even worse.
PutYouOn::fakin as choker
DRoseIsSexy::It's pathetic the things they get away with.
PutYouOn::lmao wowowowowowowow
Danny74068::OMG....LOL... Shattered Nose.  Rose Got Fined for complaining.. Bosh should had been Fined Doubled and Suspended for faking.
Danny74068::Ohh The antagonizing pain...My Head... I'm Feeling THIBSY!!
Mr.october187::Could u imagine what the bulls would have been like if we would have kept lamarcus aldridge
Mr.october187::Damn u are right.
ArcusProtus::Probably wouldn't have been a lottery team the year Rose was in the draft.  SO, there's that.
Mr.october187::He definitely has the potential
YoungQuin88::Quite nasty. I wonder if taj maybe could grow into that type of player?
YoungQuin88::Well let's hope not. He needs maybe a year or two then I think he might get there. Hopefully he can get to kg status offensively.
Mr.october187::He still is baby he has been the the league three years so he has a lot learn but i know the bull they will eventually do somthing stupid with him and he will go some where else and be an all-star
YoungQuin88::Right I was sayin as far as potential. I know he's not VERY young but he has only been in the league what 2 3 years? Who knows.
YoungQuin88::U guys remember game 3 of the regular season when D Rose drove to the basket end to end and layed the ball between LBJ and Wade, if u look at wade at the end he's fallin all over and no one even touched him, then he looks at the refs like "come on man" lmao! Lbj was mad as hell goin to the bench like "he ain't ordinary bruh" lol. Wade is an imperial flopper! I think that was the game they cried. Please someone find me a link man lol!
Mr.october187::Miami is so damn Hollywood
nba is the worst::All that's necessary to see the ref help the heatles get is to looks at the fts for all 16 playoff teams last season.  Another humorous one is their record for most games without a player fouling out.  Or lebron's technical foul to complaining/showing up the officials ratio.  "Clear path foul, snyone?
Danny74068::What about when Bosh fell to the Floor after "Boozer Shattered his Nose".  Bosh forgot there's a thing called "Slow motion and REPLAY".
YoungQuin88::Ha I forgot about that one. It was full scale flopping the whole ecf da.mn near. It was disgusting.
DRoseIsSexy::That is every game for wade.
Mr.october187::I think the bulls  should have kept kurt thomas
ronbo 236::Our depth is amazing right now and there is no other team that has a better bench...You Heat fans think your bench is the best what a joke,  90% of your offense comes through 3 players Wade, Bosh,and Lebrick and all in that order by talent :)
Mr.october187::No not really but he would have been good for us down the line as far depht goes.
ArcusProtus::they wanted to, but wouldn't offer him a second year on the deal (can you blame them??).  He got the second year offer from Portland and he took it (can you blame him??).
LeoPat11::Bulls win once again without Rose and the Magic played awful they missed so many shots wide open even much different team from the last Bulls Magic game.
Mr.october187::I the knicks should try to get coach sloan he can get melo in line
LeBron James in Overtime::http://espn.go.com/espn/gallery/enlargePhoto?id=7712068
LeoPat11::Just shows that Lucas can shoot over taller defenders like Howard he is 5'9 too. Its awesome.
Danny74068::If Lucas keeps this up.. next couple of years he'll be posterizing big guys.
ACandOJ::Just how valuable is Rose?? Not talented....valuable
miguel151551::I say rest rose untill the denver game and give Deng alot of rest kuz damn hes shooting horrible bricks and airballs!!
Saints8365::I fail over and over again.   And that is why I succeed.  -Jordan
sjr1893::would you guys just pay Brees damn it
Saints8365::hahhaahahaha Were going too.
mikedogg08::im out.... too many heat nut huggers here
Mr.october187::Orlando can bring in larry Brown as a coach
