Fjodor Balla::Finally an easy game for the Bucks
Mickey Hughes::Lakers winning %:  2013-14     (.406 ) 2012-13     (.549 ) 2011-12     (.621 ) 2012-11     (.695 )  *  It's Bynum's fault *  It's Fish's fault *  It's Odom's fault *  It's Mike Brown's fault *  It's WP's fault  *  It's Nash's fault *  It's Howard's fault*  *  It's Pau's fault... *  It's D'Antoni's fault  -- Laker Fans See More
Josh Jordan::"Well actually it's just the lakers suck"  - Reality
Ronald Scott::Don't forget David Stern for voiding the Chris Paul trade
Tyrone Flowers::Whose fault is it for the banners?
Norman Drey::D'Antoni will be fired before the end of this game. Mark it down!!
Sloto Mania::Haha you wish
Marvin Garcia::Lakers are a disgrace to basketball!
Jody George Prats::That's disrespectful to the word disgrace.  The correct word is putrid.
Randy Dixon::Hold on fellas the bucks will let the lakers back in it trust me
Ben Mott::Omg. Every laker is shooting at less Han 35%. I hope none of em r gettin paid. Cause it would be a joke to call em professional at his quality. Especially against one of he worst performing teams in the nba.
Craig Keller::I think the problem is the power Lakers gave to Kobe! ever since he ran Shaq off, nobody wants to play with him other than D Fisher. Gasol was naive but found out soon what Kobe was about, you think Nash wanted to be his caddy? and Dwight always an afterthought on offense? On paper the combination of Kobe, nash, gasol, and Howard would have worked but not with Kobe! You think he had any interest in sharing the ball for the team? You cite injuries and age but SA makes it work but nobody on SA is bigger than Pops so no combination would ever work for these Lakers with Kobe on board! my opinion!
Aj Iceberg::You go help them then
Eboni Clay::interest sharing the ball? he averaged 6 asst that season, the most for a sg on any team that season........he actually was the reason they made the playoffs
Jason D. Towns::Very good point.  People can hate on Kobe but he is one of the most intelligent and skilled players in the league.  You may not like him but he is one heck of a ballplayer.  FYI, Dwight is just as soft as Pau.  They both lack heart and are always crying, they both need to go.
Mickey Hughes::25pts on 8/25 and 0 ast....Hmmmm who does that sound like?
Graham Strouse::9/23 & 1...
Mickey Hughes::Graham Strouse: Young?
Marie Medawar::Mickey Hughes it sounds like melo
Josh Kohantab::Listen people especially the laker haters, we knew coming into this season this team wasn't going to be good but it truly isn't mangements fault they tried for CP3 The nba nixed that, Then they traded for Dwight and he walked. with The way The CBA is set up the lakers can't spend like they used , there hands are tied. we are witnessing a rebuilding period. All teams have these but since these are the lakers are like the evil empire of basketball , with it follows Jealous Nba fans. Give it time laker haters the lakers will be on top again
Tyrone Flowers::Laker haters haven't seen this since Smush was at the point
Gregg Thomas::Not with the money they are paying a past his prime Kobe.
Tyrone Flowers::Gregg Thomas, If they make that Gasol move, they will have cap room plus the impending lottery pick
Scott Carter::Vince McMahon voice: "MIKE D'ANTONI, YOUU'RRE FIIIIIIRRRRREDD!!!!!!!!!"
Mello Marcello::Quote from Laker Coach :"find another team to root for"  Go Bucks!
Kyle Miller::Nice! Now there are 15 Bucks fans in the world.
Stanton Sasaki::Does it really matter if the trade for Gasol goes down?  Cap room, for who?  Lakers dug their grave when they re-signed Kobe for 2 additional years.  LeBron could have been the star they were looking to sign, but there is NO WAY he will play with Kobe.  No superstar player would consider playing w Mamba.  He historically made it clear to everyone that the offense starts and ends with him.  Saving cap room?  Not for any superstar until Mamba is gone.
Mickey Hughes::*Mambaholic
Ryan S Markel::Its a luxury tax saving... not cap room.. gasol's contract is off the books next yr anyway... and they didnt really dig there grave with a 24 mil dollar contract and saving on the luxury hit this yr allows them to take a luxury hit next yr if the choose to go that route.. and I presume its more about trying to get Kevin Love in FA in 2015 and not so much signing big names next yr.. although one compliment piece may be added ... either that be a Deng or Gasol at only 8 mil ..Deng would cost a little more around 12mil unless he took a discount of 10 mil to play in LA... so yes it does kinda of matter if they trade Gasol for a nonguarenteed contract in bynum that they can waive.. and not have to pay a dime and not hit the luxury tax mark so that next yr they are not considered repeat offenders which means a double hit... so yes BIG DIFFERENCE
Graham Strouse::Ryan S Markel  You've got it spot on. Plus a serious tank season could put the Lakers into a situation where they could land an immediate difference maker next year--not just a prospect. There are maybe 5 or 6 guys in this draft who could be serious franchise changers changers--and 2 or 3 potential insta-stars. And you'd have them on a rookie contract. This also would make the Lakers a lot more attractive again as a destination for other stars.
Chris Burns::This is so embarrassing as a Lakers fan. What a way to end a year.
Christopher Almeda::We wont be crying when we make that draft choice trust me
Stephen Gabriel::LMAO, please tell me the Bucks did NOT go into the Staples Center & beat LA.. I would expect that from my rebuilding Celtics but LA - LMAOOOOOOOOOOO. Hey I got to root for my Tarheel PG for LA - Kendall Marshall make it count in the NBA kid.
Jody George Prats::2014 Laker Nation: Population 1 Drunk Guy
Kent Stallard::I'm actually getting a little worried about this Lakers losing trend.  You see, while it's simply wonderful to see the team languishing, I'd prefer that they wind up just below .500 at the end of the season, missing out on both the playoffs and a high draft pick.    In any case, the best thing about this team's recent demise is that it means no more rings for Kobe before he retires.  And that means we shouldn't have to hear even more absurd comparisons of him to Jordan, as if 6 rings would put him at the same level (when three of those titles were primarily due to Shaq).
Tyrone Flowers::Does it matter that Stern and Phil Jackson were some of those making the comparisons?
Kent Stallard::Stern is going to do what's good for the PR of the league, so sure he's going to hype Kobe.    Jackson and Kobe have similar personalities (arrogant, egotistical), so it's no surprise he'd like Bryant.    Bottom line is that Jordan was by far the dominant player on every one of his title teams.  Kobe was not the dominant player on the Three-Peat squad.  By the third title he had began to catch up to Shaq stats-wise, but it was still the big man's team.  Kobe and the Lakers languished after Bryant chased Shaq away (because of his ego), until Gasol came along.    Kobe is undoubtedly one of the great 2 guards of all time and should be a first ballot Hall of Famer, but it's ridiculous to even imply that he's as good as Jordan.
Tyrone Flowers::Kent Stallard, I wish Stern would have thought that CP3 on the Lakers was good for the PR of the league
Josh Jordan::lol. The Lakers can't even beat the lousy bucks at HOME. The Lakers are so easy that even a team of caveman can beat them. This is the ultimate low for the Lakers and quite frankly this is great for basketball
Ronald Scott::The highest rated NBA Finals almost always involved the Lakers, so tell me how the NBA's premiere franchise sucking is good for the NBA? It's ok, after 16 NBA Titles, even the Lakers hit speed bumps. After Duncan retires and Poppovich leaves, your Spurs will hit their speed bumps
George Miche'l Reynolds::Ronald Scott Not true. You mean the Bulls.
TooBig TooStrong::sounds like a guy butthurt from the Lakers beating his team year after year after year after year...
Jonathan James Bresnihan::As a Lakers fan 4 life, this is par for the course. Winning will ONLY hurt this team, at least until D'Antoni is gone. They need to tank as well as free up cap space and escape luxury taxes  if there is to be ANY chance to sign a prominent free agent in the Summer of 2014. No one wants Kobe to come back to this.
David Williams::no star like LeBron wants to play with kobe
Jonathan James Bresnihan::Because Kobe never had to join the CHeat or any other franchise for not getting the job done. Lest we forget, LeFlop was a 2-time NBA finals CHOKER before he won his first title.
Jonathan James Bresnihan::Le'Bron' is nothing but a phony
Mike Dixon::What happened to all the "the Lakers are better without Kobe" people?
Mickey Hughes::Not without Blake-Pau-Nash and others....6-2 (+7) scoring 106-pts while giving up 99-pts a gm before Kobe return and immediately went to 2-4 (-11) scoring 97 while giving up 108 before everyone started to go down....so yes they were!
Mickey Hughes::Beside Young had 25-pts on 8/21 with 0 ast filling Kobe's role quite well...+ he can get up and down court allot faster and play defense
Travis Pavich::It's the refs fault and David Sterns fault we lost this game.  Typical Laker Fans
Tyrone Flowers::It's everyone is in street clothes fault. Real Laker fans (and anyone with a clue)
Travis Pavich::The Lakers suck, especially when you get blown out by the refs. No excuses. Injuries happen. But to get blown out, at home, against the Bucks. Pitiful.  Any real basketball fan. There is a handful of Faker fans. The rest blame the refs and Stern every game.
Tyrone Flowers::Travis Pavich, Stern IS to blame for the CP3 debacle. And it's true that injuries should not be an excuse, but when a man has to wear an elbow brace over his dress shirt, injuries have played a major factor. Just enjoy us being finished and leave it at that.
Joe Bobber::The fakers are officially the worst team in basketball
Winston Chai::MDA failed in NY and now again in LA...Fire MDA please!
Cullen Pledger::Good to see Sanders back and racking up the boards again
Sergio Sergio::I will always be a Lakers fan, even if they go 0-82. Real die hard Laker fans that bleed purple and gold arent gonna jump the ship like rats on the sinking Titanic, they go through the hard times and the good times.
Seaver Lavender::Lakers fan all the way but with Anthony as coach Lakers might lose, new coach Brian Scott for new coach.
Darryl Hoytt::Byron Scott as coach would be sweet! I hope that D'Anotni is just here until the Lakers assemble more talent. D'Antoni's best teams you still knew you would be able to get back in the game, defense wins long term. Even Showtime Lakers fastbreaks started with defense
Chris Untalan::Darryl Hoytt , we ought to call these guys the Notime Lakers because we Laker fans have no time to watch this garbage anymore. D'Antoni is a joke of a coach.
Shawn Bento::10-0 start for Milwaukee.  LOL.  You'd think the Lakers were the lottery team in this game...
Michael Huang::The Lakers are turning into the Clippers of yesteryear.
