loblaws991::kobe bryant king of kings
paschmidt499::Brandon Knight played only 4 minutes.  Those bruised egos take a while to heal.
Rick934::lol did you even watch the game schmidt?
brandonlee561heat22::So does a severely sprained ankle.
16Lakers18::Congrats Utah, back in 8th seed.  Good luck against OKC, Memphis, NYK, Houston, Dallas, and San Antonio.  I am guessing Jazz will go 1-5? Hahaha
Psuedohoax::Actually Utah beat OKC last time... something the Lakers can only dream of....
westcoast8691::Lakers beat them in LA dumb As$...
mccoy3181::You misspelled Fakers.
mccoy3181::Fakers are trash
cooltapes777::the isotopes win a game! the isotopes win a game! the isotopes win a game!
jebbyman::Jeremy Evans and Jimmer Fredette are both in $hi++ee situations...  Too many forwards in Utah and too many guards in Sacramento...  Even worse, both teams have sucky coaches with no creativity...
Darkflame07::Evans doesn't play because even though he hit some jumpshots last night I'm pretty sure that was the first time in his career he has hit 2 or more shots from outside 5 feet. If Jeremy can get that shot to fall consistently then he woul be a solid backup sf/pf. He just doesn't have much weight on him so although he can block shots he gets bullied in the post by most power forwards and some small forwards.
CjCruz2254::Well.... Back to 9th seed lakers.
16Lakers18::For how long?
mccoy3181::from now on
Pack_Fan_In_Vegas..::In other news, Brandon Knight is still getting up off the court.
dcmorris008::Lame.
Beanslams46::Detroit basketballl.......
grayantimatter::How far will the Jazz fall? Just 9th? Or down to 10th or 11th?
b-train187::Dude will play in the matrix 3 he's the star with that profile Picture.lol
ensign.devyn::The real question is, how are you NOT getting laid with a stellar profile pic such as that?
ensign.devyn::Are you an Alien?
Hi There_::dcmorris008 - Maybe that crazy Canadian sent him.  He comes in peace.
dcmorris008::Maybe that crazy Canadian sent him.
Beanslams46::Do you mean illegal or terrestrial?
msu for the win2::To be fair, I've disliked Brandon Knight ever since he committed to UK. And continued to dislike him to this point.
Rick934::he's a great young player, what has he ever done to be hated? lol
joah5454_3::Wow Brandon Knight...he needs a vacation.
rbmw263::I get the feeling he is about to get one. like a 4 month vacation.
maleckej::Jazz let mo play or you will not make the playoffs
free derrick favors::He's been playing he just sucks so bad sometimes it's like he's invisible. Maybe that's what this dude is talking about.
free derrick favors::Interestingly Marvin has been great ever since playing PF
rbmw263::Marvin is the invisible one. Mo is always visible. He's either doing good stuff or terrible stuff.
rbmw263::where did you get that we wouldnt let mo play
ensign.devyn::LOL for real. What is this guy talking about?
BigshotRob is the Best::Who wants to be like Knight?
b-train187::Bobby!
Legends of Past v3::LOL THE JAZZ ARE GETTING SMASHED ON WED AGAINST OKC
Psuedohoax::You may want to look up the last OKC Utah boxscore buddy.....
rbmw263::I guarantee it wont be worse than how bad LA got handled down there..
grayantimatter::rbmw263 - LA was down 20+ that entire game  No they weren't. You should try actually watching sports.
Legends of Past v3::no they werent it was more like 10-15
rbmw263::LA was down 20+ that entire game
Legends of Past v3::sike the jazz are losing 20+
ensign.devyn::Yeah we are, bring on the Captain Morgan! Jefferon's doin body shots on the bar!
ensign.devyn::Earl will only accept Tequila, of course.
rbmw263::Corbin has dibs on Earl and Jamaal.
ensign.devyn::Knight's really had a rough start to his career... getting overlooked in the draft, being on Detroit who have sucked it up since he got there, getting his ankles broken by Kyrie over All Star Weekend, and now getting dunked on in the dunk of the year.
bamberg1977::He tripped. Why is it people are so hung up on 'and-1' type bs?   So BK7 stumbling in an all-star game matters more than their last head to head in a real game, that counts? No one's arguing who the better player is, but the last time those two played in a real game, B. Knight destroyed Irving, wasn't even close. And they guarded eachother all night.
ensign.devyn::Haha wow. There's nothing "cheap" about SICK plays. It's what we see on highlight reels and what we love to see. Believe me, as a UTAH JAZZ fan I believe in good, fundamental basketball, and that's what I want to see out of my guys on a consistent basis, rather than flashy plays just for the sake of flashiness. I am simply acknowledging that some plays are SUPER sick, nothing more. Don't look so much into it.
Hi There_::99% of the people that reference the rookie/sophomore game have no idea about the game Knight won 3 weeks earlier. Reminds me how Drummond had those back to back steals in a 10 second span on Wade but no shows that night would even show that highlight.
bamberg1977::I could care less about Knight. What you dont get is I hate how CHEAP you and so many other people are about basketball. Thats not defensive, thats annoyed. You and everyone else made up how sick that move was by Irving, it was a stumble, nice cross over but I bet that stumble would have happened vs. anyone. It just amazes me that people want to embellish a story about move or dunk that put a guy to shame, more than they want to hear about a real performance by B. Griffin or C. Paul.. etc
ensign.devyn::Dude, you're getting WAY too defensive. It is what it is, and right now, when people think of Brandon Knight, they think of these things. Maybe not Detroit fans that watch him 82 games a year, but everyone else does. No one is dissing on him or saying he's a bad player. I like the kid and he has a really high ceiling. Being this defensive doesn't help anything.
mason8181::We are gathered here today .... to remember Brandon Knight
rbmw263::I respect B Knight for not being afraid to get dunked on like everybody in the league is. But that dunk was still sick..
ensign.devyn::I'm impressed he tried to stop it, and showed a lot of his character doing so, for sure.
rbmw263::Everyone is so afraid to be the next Mozgov that they just let guys go when they could have tried for a hard foul or something. NBA is getting soft.
junoJX::congrats Utah, you have beaten the Bobcats and Pistons at home  great job, now you might keep the 9th spot  LOL
ensign.devyn::Congrats on beating a team that shot 27% and 18% from 3.
bamberg1977::Well, Pistons are officially unwatchable until Drummond returns. B. Knight has a lot of raw talent. He needs to slow the F down though. His biggest problem is he displays no feel for game. He plays hard, but tries to do everything in one blur, which got him hurt tonight.
GeorgeTownDC29::At least Brandon Knight didnt get dunked on...
bamberg1977::Seriously? I understand celebrating the dunk, but focusing on the 190 lb guy who got dunked on is ridiculous to me.  Hey, maybe if Clippers win a ship, D. Jordan might be remembered as "who was the big guy on that clippers team again..." 10 yrs from now
ensign.devyn::Lol what fanship?
bamberg1977::Thats cool, but no player makes a career off his highlight reel dunks alone. Which is what Jordan's entire game appears centered around. Your fanship is fleeting. Good luck to D. Jordan, but his game is really limited.
GeorgeTownDC29::It is what it is man. When I think Brandon Knight I am going to think of that dunk until he actually does something in the NBA
ensign.devyn::Not a Clippers fan, Deandre fan, and have nothing against Brandon Knight.. but that dunk was SICK and is the dunk of the year.
ensign.devyn::NY shot 27% from FG's, 18% from 3, and 65% from the FT line tonight against GS. Holy hell, way to give them the game.
Wes Sockstuffer::Pistons, you are a f'n joke.
Raptors_Heat_Bluejays::Utah sucks..... do rest of us a favor and miss the playoffs... the world would like to see Lakers in the playoffs not Jazz
m_gunners::gotta agree with you 100%!
free derrick favors::Raptors, do the rest of us a favor and move to seattle
rbmw263::uh no
ensign.devyn::Thank you, Mr. World Ambassador sir.
ensign.devyn::What world you're from, I can't even imagine, but it's impressive that you're the ambassador of it, and you chose to post on this Jazz board 2 hours after the game was over. Thank you so much :)
Raptors_Heat_Bluejays::anytime
chrishmt0423::jazz will lose next game
winnumber101::Stupid comment by ensign.devyn
ensign.devyn::You need to invest in a sarcasm detector as well.
m_gunners::not after OKC got mauled by Spurs today! Jazz will suffer the backlash!
ensign.devyn::Hey winnumber101 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xdPu3fnGrc
TAC0REV::Somebody needs to invest in one of these: http://goo.gl/ww4YS
ensign.devyn::What are you talking about?
ensign.devyn::You think so, huh?
ensign.devyn::I think Utah will beat them. They're a pretty solid road team
chrishmt0423::yes, next against okc
Laker fans hate Lebron the same way they hated Jordan::I hope Utah doesn't choke away the 8th seed,just so i can stick it to Laker fans
Psuedohoax::Do the Lakers excite you? How excited do you get soccer dude?
m_gunners::as much as i want Lakers out of the playoffs,got to admit that having Jazz in the playoffs will be soooo boring..therefore stlll prefer Lakers for the excitement!!!
GBE 300 bang. bang::they will.. laker fans are gonna be the ones "sticking it" to you
ensign.devyn::GAY. Lakers fans raping people in imitation of their leader^
too legit too quit lol::I love how everyone is making fun of the Lakers. It will be even sweeter when we hoist the Lombardi trophy again this year and watch the haters eat crow.
Laker fans hate Lebron the same way they hated Jordan::lol
ensign.devyn::Funny
loblaws991::utah jazz fans think lakers went to harvard. silly jazz fans we went to yale
ensign.devyn::Jeremy had 5 assists tonight. Beautiful
loblaws991::can espn hire me for conversation starter on UTAH blogs? obviously im a top 5 distraction of all time.
loblaws991::wow i guess im the life of the party on this blog. utah fans still dont understand my jokes..they bring up harvard law class 101 which was a joke and my whole comment where i was i responding to that laker dude in 6 diff languages didnt get posted. WOOOO MVP look at this blog. boring barely  1500 comments.
dcmorris008::Wow. Just wow.
loblaws991::ima  top 5 cutie of all time
loblaws991::see it this way. would you go onto utah jazz sports to "talk sports" if no1 responded to your comments? liked your comments? talking or conversation involves the OTHER. for there to be a conversation of sports you need to acknowledged (as opposed to ignored i.e. no1 responds to you) by fellow fans/bloggers other wise you just talking to yourself.
ensign.devyn::Haha then don't seem so adamant about getting the point across, when the point is a completely different point than my point. Lol
loblaws991::do i look offended to you lol? do i sound like ive taken what some stranger has said to me on a blog personally? I hope not lmaooo. i dont even know you bro im just conversing with you. If i took everything every blogger said to be personally id have committed suicide by now
ensign.devyn::You're making this way too complicated, in defense of something I said that you've taken personally. Lol
loblaws991::"Actually I come here to talk sports and feed my fanaticism". exactly what i mean. social beings....in need of the OTHER...the other online commenter who feeds YOUR fanaticism. Without the OTHER you wont get the recognition and would just be talking to yourself. And if you were talking to yourself you wouldn't come on this blog.
ensign.devyn::Erm, sure, I guess. Except I'm not going to a Utah Jazz board to get someone to recognize my existence, it's strictly to talk sports. I'm not sure where you're taking this, but you're talking about 2 separate things.
loblaws991::not recognition as in fame, fortune, smarts etc etc. but recognizing as in acknowledging ur existence lol.
ensign.devyn::Yeah, except it's not for recognition purposes, it's for sports-talking purposes. Those are 2 different things brah
loblaws991::interesting documentaries: 1) why we go to war   2) Detropia, and  3) The house I live in. If you watch even one of those films ill be pleased.
ensign.devyn::Actually I come here to talk sports and feed my fanaticism. You've been entertaining tonight, take a bow. And now go to sleep, school comes early.
loblaws991::ah i cant even make an honest statement without being disavowed. Il leave it at that. i dont know what you mean by acknowledgement. I think we are all social beings looking for some sort of recognition. hence the reason why me and you are on this blog.
ensign.devyn::Yep, you still def searching for acknowledgement.
loblaws991::nah I was just sharing. i cant share? the only mistake i made was insulting people on this blog. I apologize for that i shouldnt have said i was the smartest but in all honesty? i just wanted to share three really great films Ive watched. My attempts at comedy earlier on prbly discredited anything serious I have tried to say for the past few mins. but you right. this is an espn sports blog. no more political plugins from me.
ensign.devyn::It's not as funny watching you make an @$$ of yourself by searching for knowledge acknowledgement on an ESPN blog at 11 pm MST.
loblaws991::good job on the skils the state of utah is teaching you. how to google!
ensign.devyn::Cool stuff. I'm glad you can add that to your sparkling list of accolades.
loblaws991::to be honest im just going for longest response comment on this blog. i think uve helped me immensely
ensign.devyn::Now you're just really searching for credit, and approval, aren't ya? How should I look up your smarts? Do you have a website that will link me to all your High School grades? Lol
loblaws991::you dont take the time to look up my "smarts". so according to that logic somehow what Im saying is discredited. look beyond the grammar (not so bad I do say so myself) and youll see Im making some valid points.
ensign.devyn::Yeah, I wouldn't want to be you, according to the stories you tell about your unlimited knowledge and smarts. Lol
loblaws991::you got the point yes? dont act dumber than you actually are please
ensign.devyn::What did I google? And is the "skils" some sort of specialized class?
ensign.devyn::Don't let that hurt your rep! You're still the MVP of this 1,500 comment blog!
ensign.devyn::You're right, Mark Twain summarized it well "Never argue with an idiot, they will drag you down to their level and beat you with experience." And I'm def not 17, but good guess.  Well, not really, since you just copied what I was saying and then applied it, incorrectly, to me.
loblaws991::you know how i know YOU'RE 17. cause you just associated the wrong factors with post political landscape. please homie get off my level. i may not talk smart on a BLOG ( i want to emphasis this its a blog)...but you need to understand that you have no CLUE what youre talking about. (lemme guess your'e comeback: NO YOU HAVE NO CLUE WHAT YOUR TALKING ABOUT! harvard 101 lolololol")  you cant win a debate with me
ensign.devyn::Brah? Yeah man, you def 17
rbmw263::loblaws991 - LMFAO maybe you should look it up. its a real phenomenon. postpolitical landscape is when there is a lack of dissent and opposing views-- and decisions are made by the coporate elites.  thats called capitalism and corruption. Not post-political
loblaws991::govt class? you wish your education system was THIS good my friend.
loblaws991::smarter than the average american? OH you should be worried brah
ensign.devyn::That government class 5th hour is really coming in handy, huh?
rbmw263::I pray to god you arent the average representation of wherever the hell you are from
loblaws991::LMFAO maybe you should look it up. its a real phenomenon. postpolitical landscape is when there is a lack of dissent and opposing views-- and decisions are made by the coporate elites.
ensign.devyn::Way to not close off "round of applause" with another asterisk
ensign.devyn::Post-Political? Lol do you even know what you are saying anymore?
loblaws991::^ average representation of the american citizen *round of applause
rbmw263::No anyone who has gay rights is illegal
loblaws991::gays rights are legal here unlike the oppressive neo-imperial post-political US of A
ensign.devyn::I'm sure your Canadian high school BF would confirm that
loblaws991::thanks brah im still a top 5 cutie of all time
ensign.devyn::I don't know what's better, Jeremy Evans had a good game tonight???
rbmw263::i dunno whats more funny. you actually took the time to translate that into 6 different languages??? -------------------------------- It's a 2 part statement you made, but you only addressed 1 part. hahaha --------------------------------   ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I wish i could save this entire convo.
rbmw263::I dont know what is funnier, the fact that he said he is the smartest person on this blog????
ensign.devyn::Hahahaha oh my hell
van.muhle::They haven't covered 2 part statements in his Harvard law 101 class yet...
ensign.devyn::Hahahahahahaha
ensign.devyn::How dare you, he's prbly the smartest person on this blog! Hahaha
van.muhle::does it matter? behind my jokes im prbly the smartest person on this blog. ------------------------------------------------- prbly? Nailed it...
Vega_2012::Utah please do all the NBA a favor and keep on winning!!!
loblaws991::Please everyone watch this: http://mashable.com/2013/03/02/wealth-inequality/
loblaws991::im dead serious now you should watch that video it really is eye opening.
ensign.devyn::What does that mean?
loblaws991::whatevs lol peace everyone.
ensign.devyn::You've beeen eye opening enough, child
loblaws991::ur loss its a good video.
rbmw263::no
ensign.devyn::I'm just gonna flag it
ensign.devyn::Loblaws, lobble with me here. How old are you? I'm guessing 16 or 17.
loblaws991::besides my mother said never reveal personal info to strangers.
ensign.devyn::Your mother is a wise, and limber, woman.
loblaws991::does it matter? behind my jokes im prbly the smartest person on this blog. i will go toe to toe with anyone on any subject.
ensign.devyn::That could easily be part of a high school class. LMFAO.
loblaws991::globalization project is not a school project LMFAO. oh my its a political concept. jeezzzzz
ensign.devyn::And you took the time to come back, so i think ya care a little bit. haha
ensign.devyn::Never said you're lying. All I said is you're 16 or 17, and those projects are certainly ones you can have in junior or senior year of high school
loblaws991::like i said strike me down if im lying. If you dotn believe me then i dont really lose anything nor do i care.
ensign.devyn::Yep, you're 16, 17 at the oldest. Cool stuff, enjoy school tomorrow.
loblaws991::I have to leave now. I have a midterm tmrw on the globalization project and new social movements. (strike me down if im lying). But im usually on here spreading my love and kindness to all fans. if i see you again we can engage in debate and funny jibes
rbmw263::thats funny bc i was about to say you are by far the dumbest troll we've ever had
ensign.devyn::How about the Utah Jazz?
loblaws991::i dunno whats more funny. you actually took the time to translate that into 6 different languages???
van.muhle::I took about 4 minutes, about the same amount of time you spend walking to catch the short bus each morning
ensign.devyn::It's a 2 part statement you made, but you only addressed 1 part. hahaha
ensign.devyn::What's the other thing that could be funnier than this? Lol
Tremors II - Aftershocks::OK, I'm leaving. Bye all heterosexual males posting comments. Bye to you too, loblaws.
loblaws991::love you bro one day ill show you a good time in long beach with carlos
loblaws991::americas wealth inequality is top 5 worst in the world. dont get mad its just facts.
Hi There_::The middle class is screwed? We had no idea...
ensign.devyn::Amurrrica, F*CK YEAH!
loblaws991::jazz fans are you not entertained??!!
rbmw263::I dont know say some more ridiculous stuff, like that John Stockton Harvard thing
ensign.devyn::Mildly
Tremors II - Aftershocks::I'm fairly entertained, but I can't speak for everyone.
rbmw263::Of course NY goes ice cold in Oakland after being on fire against us..
free derrick favors::its okay well get revenge in a few days
free derrick favors::The person below me likes co.ck
loblaws991::i dont understand your diss through your soft censored language
ensign.devyn::My world is shattered.
loblaws991::theres a myth that canadians actually like yall and we're "nice"...reality check my friend
ensign.devyn::You're very rude for a canadian
loblaws991::im canadian i dont understand american neo-imperialist language
ensign.devyn::You should have put a hyphen between soft and censored.
Tremors II - Aftershocks::It's inferring that you are a fanny bandit.
loblaws991::Utah jazz fans not commenting anymore? im silencing them hard. rock abye baby skip to my lou
ensign.devyn::You must be a hit in home room!
ensign.devyn::Who's mad? Lol
loblaws991::Y U MAD DOE?
Tremors II - Aftershocks::"Now I know why lions eat their young."  - Al Czervik
Tremors II - Aftershocks::Based on all the quotes -----------&gt;  from Brandon Knight, it sounds like he was really shaken up by the dunk. If it didn't bother him he wouldn't be talking about it so much.
R Barron::Well if people keep asking....
van.muhle::Es bueno ver que el bandwagono de los Lakers de nuevo a pleno rendimiento, pero aún pedo en la dirección general de LA
R Barron::ENGLISH MOTHER F%CKER DO YOU SPEAK IT!?!?
van.muhle::Ci
loblaws991::i dont speak french
ensign.devyn::Where am I walking contradiction to?
loblaws991::says the guy making fun on my lanuage. ur  walking contradiction.
ensign.devyn::^le douc.he
loblaws991::Before i leave can utah fans chant MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP for me?
Tremors II - Aftershocks::If you bring Mehmet Okur into the room, then we'll chant MVP.
Hi There_::Okur has a ring, an all-star appearance, a pile of money and a hot model wife. He did fine I say.
Tremors II - Aftershocks::Okur is the 2nd greatest basketball player ever, after Sabonis.
loblaws991::okur is the top 80 worst player of all time. im a GOAT
ensign.devyn::Loblaws, I'm glad we could help ya out. Before this, your self-esteem was as low as Brandon Knight's prowess as a shot-blocker
loblaws991::thanks bro. your mom helped me with self esteem issues too! tell her i said gracias
ensign.devyn::Nah, not a joke, just trying to phrase things so someone of your nationality can understand them easier
R Barron::Waddup third grade joke?
loblaws991::is that supposed to be a comeback? wow im still the GOAT on this blog
ensign.devyn::I will when she gets back from the Cantina
R Barron::What did everyone think of Jeremy Evans?
ensign.devyn::He better be our backup PF next year.
Tremors II - Aftershocks::He's handsome.
loblaws991::RIP to utah jazz fans hopes and dreams. 100 years and running. no rings. no titles. shoutout to myself for pointing out the obvious.
ensign.devyn::We've only been around for 44. Lol
loblaws991::Im celebrity on utah jazz blogs but a nobody on laker blogs. today marks the most famous fav day of my life
Tremors II - Aftershocks::Awww... You were doing so well. RIP
loblaws991::shoutout to utah fans havent won ring since stockton dropped out of harvard
rbmw263::Keep it coming man you are on fire haha
ensign.devyn::I'm not sure what to say to this. So many directions to take it
scow79::Hahaha!!   WTF?
