Lou Holtzs Tongue::Blake Griffin gets every call...it's gross how much the NBA protects him.
.SandBagger.::wow...this couldnt be farther from the truth.  Have you guys even watched a clippers game yet this season?
bizzo.james::He gets every call, plus he gets to push off on every dunk and flop more than Ginobli
jasiekforever::wow not even 1000 posts ... way to go clipper nation
gerald_5::nets dont have fans... so yeah, no posts
CandySparker::
Zug Zug Pat::nets fans are lucky. MarShon Brooks is a future all-star
b0xhead69::fish put the Lakers on his back in the 4th quarter....  good job DFish.
utahraiderfan::we'll welcome you back Derron..... just bring sloan with ya
sinatrascue::I long waited a hundred years just for this season to come when the Clippers are finally a serious contender...  Rejoice for the real team in LA - Clippers!!!
BigBootie88::Clippers pretty good so far but man they are the worst free throw shooting team in the league save for Billups cuz he never misses unlike Griffin and Jordan.
da_decider::Blake Griffin Balls &gt; Entire Lakers organization
TimeToTeachYouSomething::Glad to see that there aren't any Laker fans in here hating like jealous ex-gf LOL
simply_the_truth::has cp3 signed that extension that he "promised" or is he walking away next yr?
JamalMAllen::never promised to sign an extension. promised to pick up the option so he'll be in LA for at least one more season after this one. whether he signs a long-term extension depends on the clippers preformance, i guess.
originaldiscokid::Who da heck knows. Probably depends on how far the Clips can get in the playoffs.
carter.michael::blake griffin = franchise player for the magic
JamalMAllen::blake griffin = franchise player for clippers  the clips shouldn't trade him. just hope howard will play out this season with orlando and then pick him up as a free agent. the clippers have enough money.
gt1master_ike::<u> <b> the clips are good </b></u>
anthony84reyes::2011 heat fans  are now clipper fans  bandwagon fans
originaldiscokid::Yah I'm on that bandwagon, although I hate the Heat.
Clipshow07::I'm just hoping it's not IF but WHEN will the worst owner in the history of sports screw this up??? That worthless pile of dung has to go away sooner rather than later.
JamalMAllen::Dude, you're still complaining about Sterling? Just be happy your team can even compete. I would think for a Clips fan at this point that would be enough.
PartyLikeACaveman::hey guys dont get carried away, i love the clips, but VDN still scares the hell out of me
didyougetthememookur::Does anyone know when they added Paul and Blake if they raised ticket prices for Clippers games from past seasons?
.SandBagger.::The team DID NOT raise season ticket prices after the Paul trade.  Same low price as 5 seasons ago.
PartyLikeACaveman::clippers tickets used to always be available for below value online, now if you get them of a 2ndary source they are going for above- almost double above value
Clippers.Jets.::Yes, a lot of Clipper fans were priced out this season.
buffaloloveswinning::can any one explain why anthony morrow was a non factor today... 16 minutes played? Just dont know if there is a reason.. (i.e. rest, doghouse)
gerald_5::True or False  james harden= best bench player in nba
grapenutz78::True! He would start on most teams
BrianBogner08::you're in the wrong discussion room
vegaskid2006::maybe,who cares--- clippers will roll OKC
gerald_5::dont see it happening... maybe in the near future
oneandonlyzk5::seriously though did any of you guys see in the 3rd quarter with about 4 minutes left when LeBron James traveled?
BrianBogner08::The Clippers are the Here and Now.  Also, the Future.
BrianBogner08::So all you haters can get used this
BrianBogner08::And winning the Pacific Division
BrianBogner08::The Clippers kicking the Lakers a.ss
vegaskid2006::True Dat......
BrianBogner08::ClipperNation 2012
vegaskid2006::wait ..wait ..who am I?  all of a sudden we got clipper fans. Bandwaging people     Lakers 16 championships   Clippers 0 championships     hahahahahahahahhahhaha
oneandonlyzk5::lmaooo
Opragman::Wow-----thats a new one....LOL
gt1master_ike::kevin love or blake griffin  discuss
D Stag::Not even debatable, Love does it all.
Clipshow07::They are both phenomenal!! I'd give the edge to Griffin because he is on the better team. Can't wait to see them face each other this year.
BrianBogner08::get Love on a better team...and I'll change my mind
Opragman::Kevin Love right now.  Could change however
oneandonlyzk5::kevin deff..
gt1master_ike::agree
gerald_5::clips will win the pacific and maybe reach the WCF... dont see them winning this year  okc over clips in 6
Giantcruz::brooks though is playing at a higher level than griffin. its close but blake just isnt up to par yet
oneandonlyzk5::i agree as much as i hate too.
oneandonlyzk5::im starting to think holmes doesnt have a life. it might just be me..
oneandonlyzk5::hahaha why the hell is he in a clippers conversation room hahaha
vegaskid2006::hey -lakers got 16 championships though...lol......WHO CARES?
holmes90001::all of a sudden we got clipper fans. Bandwaging people     Lakers 16 championships   Clippers 0 championships     hahahahahahahahhahhaha
BrianBogner08::how bout use spell check b.itch
roomittensroo::This holmes kid can't spell, but you also just said "bout."
Dualience::I think you should invest in spell-check holmes
Opragman::Who cares? I like to watch live games. Not old reruns of yesteryears
vegaskid2006::holmes90001---how many championships you got?  say it again  how many?
vegaskid2006::Clips baby---lovin it this year
BrianBogner08::LOVING IT!!!!!!
holmes90001::what r u a clipper or celtic
Alienxfb14::LOL! A Lakers 'fan' calling Clippers Fans bandwagoners? Wow, that's the funniest thing I've ever seen. It's well known fact, across the entire country, that Lakers fans are the biggest bandwagoners in all of sports. Period.
Opragman::Just a basketball fan.
holmes90001::check it out   all of a sudden we got clipper fans. Bandwaging people     Lakers 16 championships   Clippers 0 championships     hahahahahahahahhahhaha
Opragman::Not as many as the Celtics
Trolls Are Us_Suspended Account 3::on a calmer note, neither lakers nor clippers will win it all this year. neither can play team defense. good day!
holmes90001::hey didnt the clippers miss the playoffs for the last decade
holmes90001::u guys suck lol
oneandonlyzk5::like you boy friend (;
oneandonlyzk5::without chris paul yeah.. and dont talk about the 17 championships when you missed over half of them.. all you prob know is magic johnson, kareem, kobe, and jerry west you flamming queer bait.
holmes90001::lol
holmes90001::wow r u serious
Dualience::problem?
Dualience::They made it in 07 so you'd be wrong on the decade part
gerald_5::yes, they did
Dualience::Hey didn't the Lakers get swept last year by the Mavericks
BrianBogner08::Hey, didn't the Clippers wip the Lakers a.ss on Saturday?  yes, they did :)
Opragman::Really?  I thought they won it all because they have 16 championships
oneandonlyzk5::lakers may i remind you.. CP3 gave you guys a huge scare with the Hornets last year.. i repeat the HORNETS.. He's going to give you more than a scare with the talent he has this year. #CP34MVP
acidflow03::lol bwaahahahha holmes you got pwned
holmes90001::kobe 5 championships  cp3 0 championships
oneandonlyzk5::no not kobe 5 championships... his team = 5 championships.. i will tell you a little fact though. Kobe Bryant = 1 rape charge Chris Paul = 0 rape charges
yankee4life372::Just a neutral non LA fan here, but it seems as though Lakers fans are getting nervous with the emergence of the Clippers.
holmes90001::all of a sudden we got clipper fans. Bandwaging people     Lakers 16 championships   Clippers 0 championships     hahahahahahahahhahhaha
jjc11293::If you're going to make this post again, at least spell "bandwagoning" correctly
Opragman::Who cares? I like to watch live games. Not old reruns of yesteryears
gerald_5::averege players love playing the knick, they look like allstars
Trolls Are Us_Suspended Account 3::OMG CLIPPERS...THEY ARE THE KINGS OF THE UNIVERSE BECAUSE THE BEAT THE HEAT AND LAKERS...IN A REGULAR SEASON GAME!  OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
Dualience::Problem?
Dualience::I think you need to go back to school and learn how to spell.
Trolls Are Us_Suspended Account 3::OMG YOU CAN SPELL AND I DONT FEEL LIKE SPELLING. CONGRATULATIONS YOU ANGLO-SAXON.
Dualience::Like SoO thanks for letting me know
Trolls Are Us_Suspended Account 3::LOL PHAGGIT WHY DID YOU ASK THEN?   IDIOT GET OUT OF HERE.
Dualience::Did your other account get banned?
Mlaponsky::Do you just copy and paste this comment?
Opragman::Who cares? I like to watch live games. Not old reruns of yesteryears
holmes90001::all of a sudden we got clipper fans. Bandwaging people     Lakers 16 championships   Clippers 0 championships     hahahahahahahahhahhaha
Trolls Are Us_Suspended Account 3::ARE YOU SLOW? THAT WAS SO 30 SECONDS AGO.
Trolls Are Us_Suspended Account 3::CMON CLIPPERS, RESPOND! NOW! GO!
Trolls Are Us_Suspended Account 3::BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRAP
yankee4life372::Good job Clips, As a nets fan I wouldn't mind trading DWill. I think the chances of landing D12 are not very good with the injury to Lopez. I don't have a problem with trading DWill for a young talent and some picks and build a new team around Lopez and Brooks. It means more years of irrelevancy but with some patience, they can build a good future in Brooklyn.
jjc11293::Agreed, I think the warning signs are all there and it's time to abort on this experiment.
gerald_5::clips will win the pacific and might reach the WCF... dont see them winning this year    okc over clips in 6
holmes90001::all of a sudden we got clipper fans. Bandwaging people     Lakers 16 championships   Clippers 0 championships     hahahahahahahahhahhaha
gerald_5::true
Opragman::Who cares?  I like to watch live games. Not old reruns of yesteryears.
Trolls Are Us_Suspended account 2::CLIPPERS = NO TEAM DEFENSE = NO CHAMPIONSHIP.  ME = CLIPPER TROLL.  YOU = CLIPPER FAN? LOL. PHUCKIN PHAGGOT.
grapenutz78::Laker fans are so mad. Face facts the Clips are better than you this year! It was bound to happen sometime
grapenutz78::The only thing u guys should be laughing at Darius morris trying to guard CP3! Now thats comedy!
sokal-surf::I'm a Lakers fan, and I'm not mad at all.  I'm more interested in seeing how Donald Sterling will manage to screw this up, and that be the end of that for a long, long, long time...
Go Laker Nation::we are laughing at you....not the same as anger
holmes90001::all of a sudden we got clipper fans. Bandwaging people     Lakers 16 championships   Clippers 0 championships     hahahahahahahahhahhaha
holmes90001::all of a sudden we got clipper fans. Bandwaging people     Lakers 16 championships   Clippers 0 championships     hahahahahahahahhahhaha
holmes90001::all of a sudden we got clipper fans. Bandwaging people     Lakers 16 championships   Clippers 0 championships     hahahahahahahahhahhaha
vegaskid2006::16 championships and a quarter wont buy you a cup of coffee today ..laker troll
holmes90001::magic Johnson days Lakers all day
holmes90001::since i was born
Dualience::Like to know when you became an Actual Lakers fan
Go Laker Nation::"I couldn't join the teams I really wanted to play for so I guess I'll make the best out of it and play for the Clippers"  - Chris Paul
gt1master_ike::Everyone knows CP wanted to be a laker which is why he was mad stern rejected the trade and was about to sue
Opragman::He seems pretty happy about it now.
oneandonlyzk5::na he is.. he signed for the next year too.. he knows its a solid team
gt1master_ike::maybe...... i don't know  its too early to tell
Go Laker Nation::shhhhh.....these bandwagon clip fans think it is b/c the clips are awesomely good
vegaskid2006::truth hurts ...except it and move on... Laker loser
MeGaDeUs::well if he knew the alternative im sure he wouldnt have been as upset
vegaskid2006::To all clip fans...come aboard this locomotive known as the L.A. CLIPPERS...steaming rolling the Lakers and the rest of the NBA...about time...F--k yeah
Trolls Are Us_Suspended account 2::CLIPPERS = OHIO STATE FOOTBALL  LAKERS = SEC  PATIENTLY WAITING FOR LOSER/GET OUT OF HERE COMMENTS FROM CLIPPERS WHO CANNOT ARGUE ABOUT THE FACT THAT THEY HAVE ZERO CHAMPIONSHIPS.
MeGaDeUs::aww you guys are  troll companions
holmes90001::let em know
KikyExcel::his mom is hmm...
Trolls Are Us_Suspended account 2::DURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Trolls Are Us_Suspended account 2::YES...GO! KEEP IT COMING!
KikyExcel::Your mom is calling you. Go back to the basement now. The rats miss you :)
Trolls Are Us_Suspended account 2::STUPID CLIPPERS FANS IM WAITING FOR YOUR STUPID "YOU SUCK GET OUT OF HERE" COMMENTS.  CMON YOU PHUCKIN PHAGGOTS YOU BEAT LAKERS AT HOME 1 GAME OF THE SEASON  WOWWWWWWW! GOOD JOB! OMG
holmes90001::all of a sudden we got clipper fans. Bandwaging people   Lakers 16 championships   Clippers 0 championships     hahahahahahahahhahhaha
Opragman::Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away
Trolls Are Us_Suspended account 2::GET OUTTA HERE U UNEMPLOYED MUDDAPHUCKA
vegaskid2006::Kobe is the most selfish player in the NBA as long as he gets his points he don't care...just like the honey badger....Clips play as a team ,CP3 doesn't care who scores as long as they win...Laker fans u mad?...lol....suck it punks...
grapenutz78::Yoooo imagine if CP3 was wearing purple and gold!! oh wait.....
Go Laker Nation::Damn......I bet that is why CP3 wanted to play with the Lakers and Kobe before he got stuck with the Clippers
sokal-surf::Donald Sterling...
gt1master_ike::This team goes as far as CP can take it
gerald_5::WCF
jjc11293::Freudian slip?
BrianBogner08::queer
Dualience::Haters gonna Hate
jjc11293::I don't think many people are hating on the Clippers as a team... just on the ridiculous bandwagon that has formed around them.
holmes90001::Lakers 16 championships   Clippers 0 championships    hahahahahahahahhahhaha
KikyExcel::i thought it was seventeen, 17 is the number of surgeries that your brain needs to be fixed :( don't worry, your mom still loves you
grapenutz78::Lakers 1 rapist Clippers 0
BrianBogner08::go kill yourself
