acwearren::Frank Vogel should design some inside/out, high/low plays for Hibbert and West. Pacers are still a perimeter team. Very few teams get into foul trouble with this team. Hibbert and West should be averaging at least 15 shots each. It's absurd to see Hibbert above the key on high pick and rolls for players who are not good penetrate and dish players. We don't know if the Pacers can dominate the paint, because they don't try to dominate the paint. It's a shame to have a good 7'2 center and a power forward who is versatile and mobile and both combined don't average 20 points and 20 rebounds. Pacers are smash mouth in talk only. Gear the offense to the inside guys and watch this team become the team to beat. To be fair to Vogel, it would have been great if he had a preseason to prepare systems to capitalize on all the talent this team has. Nevertheless, this teams future is very bright.
packfan21mt::For right now i would have to say this. Paul Millsap&gt;Big Al
jc-2012::Lovin' how my Pacers have shocked the NBA world with their great start...Good things are coming for the Indiana Pacers
packfan21mt::why did we keep giving the ball to Jefferson when we need to give it to MILLSAP!!
Pan6502::Larry Bird did an amazing job with Pacers.Vogel too.
NickelShort::Again, only idiots were calling for him to be fired and they were few and far between.... In most cases "everyone" is not the minority.
matthollabak1::I agree there, only idiots were calling for his head...but there were many many more idiots than you think.  Maybe we go to different sports sites or something, but I spent half my time defending Larry due to moves made under Walsh like Dunleavy and Murphy's insane contracts that we traded for...which I agree were probably the same people who wanted the players we traded for those two off our team.
NickelShort::I live in Indy and no one with a brain was calling for his head because for the past 3 years they've been saying that they were rebuilding...  Those same people that were "calling for Bird's head" were probably the same ones who complained about our team of "thugs" before they got traded away for a couple of overpaid white guys.
matthollabak1::I'm talking about before he fired JOB.    I live in Indy as well and before firing him, Larry was a beating stick for the few people that even payed attention.
matthollabak1::Its funny that last year everyone was calling for Bird's head because they didn't realize he was building a team.    His only mistake was keeping JOB for one year too long...also don' forget abut guys like Brian Shaw and Jim Boylin, which give the Pacers 2 assistants who could (in Shaw's case should) be head coaches and probably the best assistant coach duo in the league.
kzwider::Knowshon Moreno is such a d-bag lol http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/what-was-knowshon-thinking.html
CornhuskerKid02::Pacers should trade Granger for Ellis and move George till the 3
NickelShort::=
matthollabak1::Only real trade I could see the Pacers moving Granger for is for Eric Gordon and the only reason for that would be to get the local fan base back faster...as a life long Pacer fan it is embarrassing  how empty Bankers Life has been at times this year and how many casual fans don't even know how well we are playing.    Ellis would be great on this Pacer team...as a 6th man, there is a reason Golden State isn't winning much.  It's because I don't see Ellis as much better than Jamaal Crawford who is one of the better 6th men in the league...but you put him in a starting role and your defense goes way down as well as your offensive flow is greatly disrupted t times.
matthollabak1::Same Style, same lack of defense, same black hole on offense since both think they can score no matter how bad the shot is mindset...really the main difference is the amount of shots they are allowed to take and the minutes.    Ellis is better than Crawford...but not by much.
NickelShort::Ellis is worlds better than Crawford, you know nothing about basketball.
hcp04140::No way, all Ellis does is shoot, shoot, shoot, and shoot. No D, no team play, Granger fits perfect with the Pacers team style ball and he plays D. He is taller than Ellis too, and a proven leader. Why get rid of him when you have a team playing lights out and a really good chemistry?
thebookshateme::WWW.FADETHEBOOKIE.COM. ..GREAT SPORT HANDICAPPING SITE...I OWN THIS SITE…MY RECORD IS 99-24-3 IN THE PAST 5 MONTHS... I HAVE OVER 300 MEMBERS AND OVER 10 ACCESS PLANS TO CHOOSE FROM... I WAS THE HEAD GUY AT PROCAPPERS BEFORE I WENT SOLO AND OPENED MY OWN SERVICE...I AM RANKED #15 IN THE NATION....REGISTRATION IS FREE....JUST PICK A PACKAGE THAT BEST SUITS YOUR NEEDS…ALL OF MY PACKAGES ARE MARKED DOWN 50% FOR THE MONTH….PLUS I RUN DAILY SPECIALS…I’VE BEEN OVER 85% EVERY YEAR FOR THE PAST 10 YEARS…I AM ALSO A SPORTS WRITER AND ANALYST FOR ESPN AND CBS SPORTS
n8n8n888::Utah what happened?  Didn't see the game, but how do you lose to a team like the Pacers?  Ugh!  The Jazz fast start has definitely ended.
ThaDestroyer23::"Didn't see the game" &lt;&lt;  I'm guessing that's a recurring theme.
hoosiersthrowdown::your idiocy is interesting to all of us, though
n8n8n888::If the Jazz keep playing this way I won't be watching them.  No other reason for me to watch the NBA.  Sorry, the Pacers et al are just not interesting to me.
hcp04140::A team like the Pacers? Obvi n8 has been watchin tranny porn and not the NBA to think the Pacers are garbage.
didyougetthememookur::Pacers are playing good this year.
IrishBCS11::Pacers have a chance to bring to make it to the Conference Finals this year. I think they could beat Chicago in a 5 game series. I'm just not sure about the Heat just yet. We'll have to see on Valentine's Day! But overall another solid win. The starters got some rest lets hope they can win tomorrow on the road against another quality opponent
kdogownsu::Pacers can beat bulls in series just prib not heat so ecf
Ultras South::ECSF at best for the Pacers. And don't you mean 7 games?
PacerFan19a::We will be hoisting the trophy up high in indiana within 5 years ladies and gentlemen... book it
Spursdc::So they are playing for peanuts this year
RDHCards1996::so true! Go Pacers! best up and coming team in da leeeeeague!
Ultras South::Maybe. Probably not though.
WhyUHatin47::besides DJ Augustin, everyone is degenerating in Charlotte
ThaDestroyer23::Except the Bobcats.
KyleBrown834534::Every other team continues to grow too.
Ultras South::I just don't see it, sorry. They are good but they always falter at some point. Then again I could be wrong.
PacerFan19a::Paul George and Hibbert both are going to continue to grow, we are going to be scary in a few years.
RDHCards1996::Pacers will bring home the title. Period.
KyleBrown834534::y'all barely beat the Jazz, let's not go crazy. They're pushing .500
Poorguta::pacers are well over .500
KyleBrown834534::When is this going to happen?
RDHCards1996::2012-2020 All while Andrew Luck is bringing home Lombardi Trophies as well. SMACK
RDHCards1996::hahah hes just jealous
kdogownsu::He's mad because His team sucks
RDHCards1996::why are you laughing at my comment?
grsshppr::ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha That is good.  Good one.  You have given me a great laugh tonight.  Thank you.  That's great.
JeremyAce4::Pacers.
ThaDestroyer23::The Pacer train just keeps on rolling.
ECUmaniac252::Roll Pacers Roll!! 17-7 lets go boys!
scow79::I'll tell you one thing.   Millsap needs to take more than 7 shots in a game.   What happened to his top of the key jumper?   I'm willing to bet that he's one of the top shooting PF's in the game from 10-15 feet.   You'd think Corbin would take advantage of that.
adamsbrian88::Jefferson negates most of millaps game when he become's the black hole
true set up::indiana pacers have one of the youngest teams in the league....looking good looking good!!!
true set up::well foster  is the oldest drafted in 99 and one i forgit who was drafteed in 2003 ....there starters are are one of the yougest teams i wanted to say..they will only get better!
KyleBrown834534::Pacers are actually right in the middle at 15th age-wise. The Jazz are 18th making them even younger. In fact the Thunder are 24th and they have the best record in the league.
PacerFan19a::Sounds like there are some upset Jazz fans on here
KyleBrown834534::I want them to win, it was just an obvious statement by the PacerFan.
scow79::We're probably better off in the lottery this year.   That doesn't mean I don't want them to win though.
KyleBrown834534::We're happy with a loss
KyleBrown834534::The Jazz will end the season with 2 road wins.
scow79::Hey, you forget we play Charlotte on the road.      Although I thought we should have beat NY easily after Melo went down, so maybe you've got a point
KyleBrown834534::I like the Jazz, I'm just keepin' it real.
grsshppr::Wishful bullshitttttt
Joshua8264::Gordon wouldn't start on any other team good guy off the bench
Snakes22::I don't understand some Jazz fans fascination with Hayward!!  He has shown ZERO consistency and little to no improvement over his rookie season yet some morons are still happy with him.  I don't get it.
lil lebowsky::Gordon Hayward played some good minutes tonite, but dude cut your hair, you look like a ra'$@%!.
Joshua8264::Gordon will be an awesome player just not this year
Joshua8264::Gordon isnt a top 20 sf just saying
scow79::Thanks for your opinion.
Joshua8264::Oh and we lost this game because we couldn't score in the last few minutes
scow79::I don't think I mentioned anything about Bell.
Joshua8264::Bell should start on other teams as well due to his D LMFAO we have no outside game
Joshua8264::Okay his D changed this game and all the others
scow79::I bet more then half the teams in the NBA would love to have Hayward starting for them
scow79::I disagree.   Jazz fans undervalue his defense.   How many points did Granger have while Hayward was guarding him in the first half?  How many did he have when Howard was guarding him in the 4th quarter?
mwlevine::Pacers = 17-7 , Jazz 13-11 Pacers = 10-5 on the road, Jazz 2-7 Pacers = 5-1 against the Western conference, Jazz = 4-3 against the East Pacers = 9-5 against teams over .500, Jazz = 6-8 against teams over .500 Pacers put 7 in or near double figures again  We are the better team, go home Jazz fans.......
tpfeif14::I PROMISE ^^ this comment ^^ is false!  Good teams win close games like this.  And who cares what the score is, it's a W and the Jazz go home Losers.
Joshua8264::Okay haha the bulls the magic and boston indys just not there yet
xCmoney01x::the pacers have beat all those teams already??
kdogownsu::Only team that can beat pacers is heat in east
Joshua8264::pacers will be knocked out in the first round. how many rebuilding years do they need?
sjmcb160::You are trying way too hard and wasting way too much time to say what everyone already knows...assuming they even care.
KyleBrown834534::If Jazz fans are on here, they probably already are home.
grsshppr::This year the Pacers are playing some good ball but if you want stats include the last several years where the Jazz have thrashed the Pacers in a huge percentage of the games played against each other.
mwlevine::We're talking about this year though. We don't care about last year. You shouldn't either....
Joshua8264::Those stats are nothing the Pacers almost lost at home to a team that's rebuilding wow I'm impressed
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::and what exactly do you think the pacers have been doing, pacers have been on rebuild too, they're just doing a better job at it and are actually becoming a team this year
Dank Darvish::Where the $@% is Alec Burks?
scow79::Jazz only play rookies if they're top 10 or better
Joshua8264::Why did Corbin take CJ out in the fourth? Double inside and they win, who would have thought
scow79::He should have replaced Howard instead of CJ
yodaspeaks::The mandate from upstairs to play Hayward 28 mins a night.
thebookshateme::WWW.FADETHEBOOKIE.COM. ..GREAT SPORT HANDICAPPING SITE...I OWN THIS SITE…MY RECORD IS 94-25-3 IN THE PAST 5 MONTHS... I HAVE OVER 300 MEMBERS AND OVER 10 ACCESS PLANS TO CHOOSE FROM... I WAS THE HEAD GUY AT PROCAPPERS BEFORE I WENT SOLO AND OPENED MY OWN SERVICE...I AM RANKED #15 IN THE NATION....REGISTRATION IS FREE....JUST PICK A PACKAGE THAT BEST SUITS YOUR NEEDS…ALL OF MY PACKAGES ARE MARKED DOWN 50% FOR THE MONTH….PLUS I RUN DAILY SPECIALS…I’VE BEEN OVER 85% EVERY YEAR FOR THE PAST 10 YEARS…I AM ALSO A SPORTS WRITER AND ANALYST FOR ESPN AND CBS SPORTS
thebookshateme::im doing a special today...buy 1 month get the second free...$149
jahmarcusRuss2::omg what a deal
donniekilbotsos::Geez Corbin, how many times you want to watch the same rerun, inside five minutes put starters back in watch Big Al or Millsap suck.  Favors, Kanter and Watson might or might not win but with a guys like Hibbert, Gasol/Bynum or most any other tall line up and Millsap and Big Al just won't get it done.
scow79::Millsap actually did something in the last few minutes.   Jefferson just plain sucked
lll__::i am so, so tired of jefferson.
scow79::Favors needs to get more playing time.   Then he wouldn't try so hard to do something when he got in the game.   The TO will go down as his playing time goes up and he is able to develop his offensive game.    Jefferson is horrible for this offense.   It relies on passing and cutting and needs a C/PF who can pass the ball
grsshppr::Favors has been a turnover machine and Al has been pretty solid.  When has Favors been as consistent as AL?
scow79::Ditto.   I don't care if we lose a bunch of games if we get rid of him.   We'll lose a bunch of games with him here.   Develop Favors and Kanter.   Trade Jefferson for a shooter
grsshppr::Hibbert is a stand up guy.  He is being interviewed and said the Jazz are a great playoff caliber team and they gave them everything they had and the Pacers almost lost the game barely squeezing it out in the end.
kdogownsu::We r better than r record if anything
grsshppr::You must be a Jazz fan because we know when we are not very good, but it seems a little success has gone to your head if you are a Pacer fan.  They are not even close to as good as their record indicates.
iownamicrowave::Must be nice to be as delusional as you guys... always think your team is dominant.
grsshppr::not really at all.  Just true.  Don't worry we know how it feels.  WE couldn't beat Michael Jordan, but we have trounced the Pacers over the years quite badly.
iownamicrowave::That comment was out of line ^
Ultras South::Not really.
Ultras South::GLorious PACERS!!?!?!?!?!?! THAT'S RICH BWAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
grsshppr::I seem to remember something around that time.  The losses they were able to record and the early fishing trips in recent years.  Sorry guys.  Your team is not good enough to act like you are right now.  They have no history to back the excitement and ridiculous unsubstantiated claims of being superior to even so much as the local high school basketball team
Ultras South::Exactly. The Pacers are underachievers. 1998 and 2000 any one?
scow79::Yeah you might want to win something before you go crowning them the best team that ever was
iownamicrowave::Of course he is a great guy, he plays for the glorious Pacers!  How noble of him to give some credit to the much inferior Utah Jazz!!
iownamicrowave::You are right I am sorry, the word glorious does belong to the pacers.  the jazz can own inferior.
grsshppr::That word is getting old.  I am the one who started it anyway.  Stop using it.  It belongs to the Pacers.  They all have it etched into their lockers there in Indiana.  Poor guys.  It's like the Scarlet Letter.  Everybody who said even a word mentioned how fortunate the Pacers were to beat a much better team in the Jazz.
thebookshateme::WWW.FADETHEBOOKIE.COM. ..GREAT SPORT HANDICAPPING SITE...I OWN THIS SITE…MY RECORD IS 94-25-3 IN THE PAST 5 MONTHS... I HAVE OVER 300 MEMBERS AND OVER 10 ACCESS PLANS TO CHOOSE FROM... I WAS THE HEAD GUY AT PROCAPPERS BEFORE I WENT SOLO AND OPENED MY OWN SERVICE...I AM RANKED #15 IN THE NATION....REGISTRATION IS FREE....JUST PICK A PACKAGE THAT BEST SUITS YOUR NEEDS…ALL OF MY PACKAGES ARE MARKED DOWN 50% FOR THE MONTH….PLUS I RUN DAILY SPECIALS…I’VE BEEN OVER 85% EVERY YEAR FOR THE PAST 10 YEARS…I AM ALSO A SPORTS WRITER AND ANALYST FOR ESPN AND CBS SPORTS
iownamicrowave::Pacers shouldn't have let the game get so close seeing as they were playing such an inferior team, but the better teams win in the end i guess....
iownamicrowave::Devin Harris and Al Jefferson will bring you to the promise land!!
grsshppr::not always.  For example tonight's loss for the Jazz being a far superior team over the Pacers.  Good game though.  You barely won at home which doesn't really establish anything for your hopes and dreams that the Pacers will be a contender and not a pretender.
Durka Durka Mohammed Jihad::Indiana, it doesn't matter how good you guys do this year, the NBA is going to give the Eastern Conference to the Heat, so just quit playing hard and save your bodies, there is no hope.
Durka Durka Mohammed Jihad::LeBron was like "God damn gotta clean up Battiers mess!"
rodger strait::grsshppr WAX ON WAX OFF   WAX ON  WAX OFF
grsshppr::Apparently Rodger thinks this is the blue room site for gays.
grsshppr::Hm.  Not sure what this means but I'm guessing I'm not into it.  You may like boys but I'm married to a female with a wonderful Vaginaaaaaa and a great pair of $@%!.
Durka Durka Mohammed Jihad::and quit jacking 3pters
Qster15::...sadly this is the NBA culture. up by 5pts or more, player shoot more 3's and give the other team chance to catchup by taking the ball to the rim instead
Durka Durka Mohammed Jihad::Chalmers needs to shave that nappy schitt off of his face
Mumford Ketron::i can't believe how close the game got that's pathetic for the pacers
grsshppr::I agree.  The Pacers are pathetic compared to the Jazz.
chooch0706::lost my parlay $@%!$@% up 21 !!!!!!!!
jahmarcusRuss2::GAME!
ghettoslider::way to play just hard enough to lose jazz.. tuff schedule coming up.. its gonna be a long month
grsshppr::Come on over to the West conference, but don't get mad when you finish sub 500 for the season and out of the playoffs.  I bet the Wizards will be the 8th seed in the EAST.  The East is so freaking goodn't
Qster15::wow.. what was the set for the Jazz??? that was total confusion... ... and Pacers still suck for barely winning this game
grsshppr::true true.
grsshppr::Game over.  Good game Jazz.  You almost beat a team you should beat just like last night against the Knicks. Both inferior teams.
grsshppr::Still nothing solid to back the crazy talk coming from this tpfief.  We have always dominated the Pacers and that is no different now.  We dominated the 3rd and 4th quarters like we should have and like I said we would.  NBA power rankings have never really been that good or reliable.  That guy always has his favorites and has a definite bias towards the teams he likes.  I look at the power rankings too but they don't reflect reality as much as other factors like a supposed great team almost losing to the supposed inferior Jazz.  You need to realize even as a fan that the Pacers are playing out of their minds right now and they barely pulled this one off.  The Jazz didn't play like they did in the 3rd and 4th quarters in the 1st and 2nd quarters which ultimately lost them the game.  They are definitely a better team.  They're haven't even played well at all on the road and almost pulled this one off.  That says enough.  The Pacers know they got lucky to win this one tonight.
Cardinals542::well, if the pacers are bad, than I am not ashamed, because the Jazz are horrible against bad teams.
tpfeif14::Most uneducated fan? unlikely. Im from Indiana, so I can promise you I understand the game just fine. Im taking about the ESPN power rankings. The guy who is a professional at that stuff. Not some random site you fool. If you think the Utah Jazz are better than the Indiana Pacers you just proved to everyone that you are uneducated.
grsshppr::Anytime somebody uses the word idiot it shows that you've got nothing clever to say.  It's the default word for JACKASSSSSSes
grsshppr::Those power rankings are only legit to the fans who look at them everyday thinking they are going to win a championship because some guy says so on a "Power rankings site"  This might be the most revealing comment linked to the most uneducated person in the fan world. (tpfief)
jcballer016::pacers 5th best record in NBA and that makes them inferior???? your an idiot
ThaDestroyer23::Yet the Jazz have lost to the Lakers twice this season, once by 25 points.
grsshppr::Just pay attention to their wins against struggling teams like the Lakers and Dallas, and any other team who used to be good that your trying to claim as good this season.  They are not as good as their record shows.  Sorry guys.  Hate to break it to you. Inferior is the closest thing to reality.  Not a record by a team in the East (Pacers)
PATRIOTSARELYKOMGGOOD::your fault
tpfeif14::Well you sound like an idiot when you say that. No way these Pacers are "inferior" check power rankings bub
martyn126::just did
PATRIOTSARELYKOMGGOOD::i definitely would not call the pacers inferior...
martyn126::unlucky jazz i agree both inferior teams
rodger strait::GET OFF THE PIPE
grsshppr::Are you really still trying that comment? It falls just short of lame.
huffdaddymayne::you mad, bro?
jahmarcusRuss2::mad and delusional
Durka Durka Mohammed Jihad::Lebrun is taking it easy in his game
yodaspeaks::Jazz should trade Harris to Miami or James Jones / Mike Miller.
Durka Durka Mohammed Jihad::stupid
yodaspeaks::Devin is a Square peg in a round hole in Utah.
jahmarcusRuss2::game!
cmonson3::Jazz have still record for being the Jazz. They would be in the Playoff Race if they were in the East.
kdenis451991::but they arent in the east theyre in the west
NGplayinskillz::BUT THEY ARE NOT IN THE EAST SO THAT IS IRRELEVANT.
Mister Beard::The next person that posts after me is gay!
PacerFan19a::Good game Utah fans, see you next time.
Qster15::Lets see what play the Jazz coach calls up
thebookshateme::WWW.FADETHEBOOKIE.COM. ..GREAT SPORT HANDICAPPING SITE...I OWN THIS SITE…MY RECORD IS 94-25-3 IN THE PAST 5 MONTHS... I HAVE OVER 300 MEMBERS AND OVER 10 ACCESS PLANS TO CHOOSE FROM... I WAS THE HEAD GUY AT PROCAPPERS BEFORE I WENT SOLO AND OPENED MY OWN SERVICE...I AM RANKED #15 IN THE NATION....REGISTRATION IS FREE....JUST PICK A PACKAGE THAT BEST SUITS YOUR NEEDS…ALL OF MY PACKAGES ARE MARKED DOWN 50% FOR THE MONTH….PLUS I RUN DAILY SPECIALS…I’VE BEEN OVER 85% EVERY YEAR FOR THE PAST 10 YEARS…I AM ALSO A SPORTS WRITER AND ANALYST FOR ESPN AND CBS SPORTS
grsshppr::The Jazz need to pull a heat game repeat of last year where we made several threes and won it.
huffdaddymayne::Nice to see the Pacers beating the inferior teams they should this year! 17-7!
jcballer016::guess you havent noticed they beat dallas, chicago, boston, lakers on the road...pacers are a damn good team
tpfeif14::A win is a win you idiot. and this "$@%!$@" team is the best rebounding team in the league and one of the best defensive. Both qualities of a sucky team right? ha. you are a JOKE!
grsshppr::They barely squeaked this one out after leading by 21 points and almost losing it at home.  What a shhhhitty team the Pacers are.  Or at least they looked pretty shhhhhitty in the 3rd and 4th quarters which we won.
grsshppr::ha ha ha.  Good one.  They're at home and they're trying to win the game.  Still.  Not over yet bud.
huffdaddymayne::its over lol.
Durka Durka Mohammed Jihad::I urinate excellence... and THC
