blueblazer38::7-56 Bobcats
goosu123::Nikola Pekovic... who is this guy and why haven't we seen him in the NBA before? Can't believe that waste of space Darko started over him for so long.
milw-jay::Charlotte has already lost 12 games this year by 15 points or more.  They could very well wind up being the worst team in NBA history.
markrabo::They should be thankful that the lockout shortened the season... otherwise, they'd be threatening the 1972-73 Philadelphia 76ers' record for most losses in a season (73).
log jamming::Talent and no effort is the worst trait a player can have. Beasley is an absolute disgrace to the sport. I hope the wolves trade this guy for something.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::the guy couldnt even give an effort when he was in miami with wade and shaq too i believe, hes beyond helping.
luvnbayes::I'm really glad Beasley and Williams didn't get off the bench in the second half last night.  Not about them specifically, but its about time that Adelman start holding his players accountable.  Want to play?  Then play the game THE RIGHT WAY, and play for your team, not for more minutes.  That should be the message not only for those two, but for everybody else as well.
Dinomeyt::Replace williams with johnson and u got it on the spot. Does derrick hold the ball alot? yes, but at least he doesn't take shots that require so much luck or hope (like Beasley or Wes). Michael B. and Wes are the two players that need to go bye-bye.
md7152::couldn't agree more.  well said.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::I hear what your saying about Beasley but i dont see what Williams has done to not earn more minutes.
mark35345::So at this rate the Bobcats will win between 6 and 8 games?
Dinomeyt::How does the greatest NBA player ever create a team like that??? Kemba is really ur only positive
CarolinaPanthersFan87::were just hoping that is
The North Star State::Hopefully this is the trade.    Lakers - Scola, Beasley, Ridnour, and draft picks.  Rockets - Gasol  Wolves - Martin
md7152::Lakers would improve a lot if that happened.....Ridnour, kobe, beasley, scola, bynum.  Not very likely but interesting to say the least
Dinomeyt::Does Derricks huge dunk finally tell the Wolves that he is 10X the athlete and player wes will ever be?? Lets hope so
Dinomeyt::everything he has done has proven that? Wes sometimes cant make the alley oop. Anyone remember that slam dunk that went to the other side of the arena? Hit those dunks
The North Star State::I thought his alley oop in the first game showed that.
MikeThor::Please, someone, tell me WHY does Adelman play Wes over B-easy? Hate or love b-easy, wes is playing at an awful level and can't play at the starter level yet. He has no range, gets no rebounds.
luvnbayes::Johnson is very limited, but at least he plays hard, especially defensively.  Beasley doesn't have the word "defense" in his vocabulary.  And Williams only plays hard when he has the ball.  I'm not a big Johnson fan, but I can see why he starts and the others don't.
Dinomeyt::Reason number 1: give me a K give an A give me a H give me a N. What is the main reason: KAHN!!!!
The North Star State::I am trying to figure out why he plays either over Williams.
Dinomeyt::I think we are all trying to figure that out
The North Star State::I really believe we are showing interest in Pau to trade with Houston for  K Mart.  When you think about it Houston has nothing that LA wants so they are including the Wovles.
Dinomeyt::Martin would be nice, but the idea of getting rid of williams makes me sick to my stomach
Dinomeyt::I'd be dancing in the streets if that happened
Dinomeyt::I'd be dancing in the streets if that happened
The North Star State::.
Dinomeyt::Dang u wes, why couldn't u be terrible and yet make some shots, ur trade value would be WAY higher
The North Star State::I agree I really don't want to get rid of Williams, which is why I am hoping that LA would be fine with taking Beasley.
Ultimate__Fighter::Kevin Love is THE BEST PLAYER in the nba right now.  4th in scoring and a close 2nd in rebounding.  When the wolves make playoffs he better get #MVP.  Give the best and hardest working player in the nba the respect he deserves.
masisk33::I think LeBron and Kobe, and several other mega-stars still lay ahead of Kevin in the "Best Player in the NBA" race
Dinomeyt::Lets cork all these stinking trade rumors ok? if we are trading anyone, it might as well be beasley. I know a lot of wolves fans like the guy, but he's like a blind man playing darts; once in a while he will hit the bullseye
masisk33::Yes, he impacts the game a ton!!!  I get kinda upset when Ridnour or Barea is running the offense with Ricky on the floor....kinda defeats the purpose of having Rubio out there.
Dinomeyt::He is a game changer. His presence makes his teammates better, we have seen that.
masisk33::Beasley is an ISO specialist...which means he can disrupt his team's offense better than the opposing defense!  Proven losing strategy, but it also helps us appreciate a player that can drastically impact the game without scoring. (Rubio)
Dinomeyt::Thats why I have no problem with Rubio not scoring every time he gets the ball. He makes the scoring opportunities with amazing passes and great defense
masisk33::Much rather lose Beasley than Williams
Dinomeyt::Beasley is.....well I don't know what to say about him. He is so random every stinking game
Dinomeyt::And we don't need Pau Gasol anyways. If we need anything, its a SG because Wes is like Beasley. Make Minnesota look attractive to Monta Ellis, that is the guy we should be aiming for
The North Star State::Both went #5 overall.  So they have that going for them.
masisk33::Well Garnett was an athletic freak of nature with his length and hops, and Garnett could defend an entire side of the court by himself when Flip ran a zone-D.....Love is obviously not gifted like that, but his stats are freakish in nature.  Tough choice between who is the better draft pick for MIN...time will have to decide this one.
Dinomeyt::Love and Garnett
Dinomeyt::Basically, and we do have enough forwards as it is. Like i said, get a SG, not a F. That is the teams need because the defense is better, we know that. But we need a consistent point maker
The North Star State::Garnett.
masisk33::Love and Williams the same player?  just clarifying.....
The North Star State::Love is better simply because he has more range.  Otherwise they are virtually the same player.
Dinomeyt::Well no duh, until we make the playoffs, KG is the greatest Timberwolves player of all time. Not going to lie, I want to see him wearing the 21 again
masisk33::Prob not as gifted as Garnett....but Wes is just "butt ugly" as an NBA starter
Dinomeyt::Derrick could be the best draft pick we ever got without trades. He needs more time, and the worst draft pick in NBA history is taking all those minutes
The North Star State::That's what we are saying.  The rumors of us going for Pau are already out there so we are all venting about how much we don't want/need him.
The North Star State::If we get Pau it will be interesting to see how Adelman explains to Pek that his 17 and 11 averages over the past nine games isn't helping the team win.  But Wes' 0-100 shooting stats are doing wonders for the team.  Kahn might actually prove that he is the most incapable GM.
Dinomeyt::Imagine if we had Curry. And then add the guys we have now and we wouldn't have this problem about trade rumors. Kahn, I beg of u, keep williams
Dinomeyt::We need a shooting guard, not another forward, our team has enough of them. We need Monta Ellis or Martin. Come on Kahn!
masisk33::Right....how do you take an undersized PG, when a combo guard with TALENT is just sitting there....Maybe Steph told MIN not to draft him
The North Star State::I still don't understand how you pick Flynn over Curry.  Completely mind-boggling.
Dinomeyt::Think about who we passed up for Wes and Flynn, and that is all I need to know about Kahn. Ricky and Derrick might save him.
The North Star State::I want to believe that Kahn is smart enough to know this, but you never know with him.
masisk33::Martin would help a lot!!  But yes D Will is prob our biggest bargaining chip at this point.. Cant see any other NBA team wanting the following: Wes, Webster, Ridnour, Barea, Beasley, Darko!, Tolliver.
md7152::that is incorrect.  Many teams need a Elite back up point guard in Ridnour
The North Star State::Apparently the Rockets are interested in Gasol.  Maybe we are working out a 3 team deal for Kevin Martin.  I just hope we give up someone other than DWill.  I hope this happens      http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=77y4fqx
masisk33::Good lordy...lets hope we dont get rid of D. Will for Pau Gasol....I dont see how Pau solves this team's issues
The North Star State::I am keeping my fingers crossed, but with Kahn, you never know what dumbass move is coming down the pike.
The North Star State::This game proved how bad we need a SG and now we are reportedly interested in Pau Gasol.  How does this make any sense?  What happens to Pek?  I am seriously starting to doubt Adelman.
sunderland13::kemba over dj?? hell no
masisk33::I have been doubting Adelman because he refuses to play Williams and Ellington in favor of more minutes for Wes, Webster and Ridnour
CarolinaPanthersFan87::mis read thought you were talking about our horrible squad
minny snowta::Carolina Panthers? What r u responding to?  North Star, I didn't know the wolves were interested in Pau, I don't think that is valid.  Why would we bring him here when we already have a great center and power forward?  And Yes! We need a shooting guard.  Hopefully Martell will come along with his injury and be back in shape to start and Beasley can start again at the 3 as long as he plays some D and doesn't shoot too much.  That might be asking alot of him but it would be better than having Ridnour and Wes start.
Dinomeyt::Let me guess LA based? Lakers will do anything to monopolize the NBA
masisk33::omg....NO!!!
The North Star State::Google trade rumors.  We are reportedly offering DWill and draft picks.
CarolinaPanthersFan87::would be a better team immediately especially since Augusto Lima plays like Varejao i want that kind of player on our squad not lazy like tyrus thomas and mullens
The North Star State::I am not sure what you are talking about.  I was referring to the Wolves possible getting Pau Gasol
CarolinaPanthersFan87::Starter Kemba Walker - Bench - DJ Augustine (PG) Starter Gerald Henderson - Bench - (Draft) DoronLamb (Kentucky)  Starter- Corey Maggette Bench - Reggie Williams  Starter - Augusto Lima (Draft)(Brazil) Bench - Tyrus Thomas Starter - Bismack Biyombo - Bench - Byron Mullens
The North Star State::I would take Jeremy Lamb over Doron Lamb based on what JL did last year.  However I haven't watched any College basketball this year.
CarolinaPanthersFan87::I am a die hard panthers, tarheels and carolina hurricanes fan but when it comes to charlotte basketball its just hard to even be a bobcats fan.... MJ as much as a player he was great! and a alum to the heels! i have respect for him in those aspects but man as a owner etc and the decisions he makes are pitiful. only right players he has been apart of drafting has been recently! Bismack Biyombo and Kemba Walker are exciting picks i concur BUT we really  need to play Biyombo more NOW! i really dont think byron mullens is showing us anything. and biyombo is such a high draft pick! PLAY HIM 30 to 35 minutes a game NOW
CarolinaPanthersFan87::i like kemba walker though he can be a really nice gaurd!
CarolinaPanthersFan87::I think Bismack Biyombo is a bench player/complimentary to a anthony davis
mjoskar::Kembra and Biyombo ceilings are  NBA bench players.
Jeff072092::My grandpa only ever loved two things in his life: my grandmother, and the Charlotte Hornets.  Thank goodness he's not still around  to see this disgraceful 3-26 team.  RIP pa
rel0627::Karma is a bi***...that’s what the idiot Bob Johnson gets for disgracing NC and naming the team after himself and not something related to the state or region, BET sucks anyway.
Giggity.iggity::I'll say this again.. no qualified rookie EVER has averaged %50/%40/%80 on FG, 3pts, and FTs.  Kyrie Irving is doing that right now.  He's his team's leading scorer and has 20pt scoring games in more than half of the games he's played in.  He is 19th in the entire NBA in scoring.. as a rookie!  His PER is top 25.. as a rookie!  You can compare assist numbers all you want but only a biased Twolf fan will say that Kyrie is passing to an equally talented ball club.  For him to do what he's doing while not even playing a game of basketball for more than a year is absolutely amazing.  And no T-Wolf fan can honestly say that if Ricky Rubio was thrust into the leading scorer's role that he'd thrive the way Kyrie is.  Kyrie's 21.90 PER is good for 22nd in the entire NBA while Rubio's 16.21 has him at 110th.  You guys can argue about this all you want but Kyrie has all but been handed the ROY trophy at this point and unless Rubio somehow lifts his FG% above .374 and his 3pt% above .318, there's no way he takes home ROY.  Steals and Assists aside, the rest of Rubio's game is just bad.  Also.. steals do not define how good of a defender you are.. if anything it shows that he gambles a lot and watching Rubio, his on-ball defense is absolutely terrible.  I'm not saying Kyrie is a good defender but don't use steals as your gauge of how good someone is at all phases of defending.
masisk33::An amazing overall player, and definitely deserving of the ROY over Irving at this point in the season
jamesjohnswan::rubio is also second in the league at drawing charges!  surprisingly good defender
masisk33::Wasnt insulting anyone, just comparing you to the brain dead vet's down at the hospital
MNSPORTS93::Dude... unnecesary.  Let him embarrass himself.
masisk33::Laughing is something that even the most brain-dead vegetables down at the vet's hospital can still do...ha
Giggity.iggity::I like how you insult veterans to insult me.  Says a lot about the type of person you are.  Good day to you.
masisk33::At least you know how to laugh your dum $@% off...fool
Giggity.iggity::You mad bro? LOL
masisk33::Yeah, youre not smart, its obvious
Giggity.iggity::Says the guy who can't punctuate properly.  I'll eat every word you say.
masisk33::and you are stupid
masisk33::Dude, the season is not mathematically half-over. Dumas s.   Only an uneducated fool would think its time to start making claims about post-season awards
Giggity.iggity::Oh, I'm sorry.  29 games isn't 33 games.  You're so smart.  I wish I had teh smartzz dat joo havss.
minny snowta::Laugh all you like d i p sh it! Rubio is 4th in Assists in the league and numero uno in steals.  Rubio makes the highlight reel with his passes every night he plays and is on a decent team.  That's a whoe lot better than 22nd highest scorer in the league on a bad team.  They both have a shot at ROY but don't be surprised if Irving doesn't get it.
MNSPORTS93::assist = 2 or 3 points on the scoreboard you stupid f.uck
masisk33::Its obvious you dont know basketball
Giggity.iggity::LOLOLOL.. You're delusional.  Did Minneapolis/St.Paul legalize mushrooms or something?
masisk33::Stock was an NBA legend, Rubio will be one day too
Giggity.iggity::4th in assists because he's a PG that's scared to death to shoot the ball.   And I'm sorry, but when were assists the stat that wins you games?  I'm pretty sure the team with the most points wins, not the player with the most assists.  Ask John Stockton if assists win championships..  LMAO.
Giggity.iggity::Dude, the season is half over.  I think it's pretty fair to start making claims about ROY, MVP, CotY, etc.  Did you forget there's only 66 games this year?  LMAO
masisk33::I like your research. Great job....But its not even the mid-point of the season and youre locking in Irving for your ROY???  Remember what happened at Duke??  I dont recall Irving getting freshman of the year, even thoug he was clearly the best freshman.  My point is...IRving is awesome, but youre jumping the gun by ALOT.  And youre wrong about Rubio's defense, he's better than Irving there.
PoRtEr_24::Dude, we don't care
NovaNationBaby::Beasley and Derrick Williams continue to be shafted. While JJ Barea, Wes Johnson, and Martell Webster continue to play...
masisk33::Wes just cannot / should not shoot from outside. I dont get why he still has license to do so....Webster looks like a foolish dinosaur with that hair-style...I would bench him based on hair alone. Reetadasaurus
oste0130::I can understand Beasly - he needs to eat humble pie this year. As for Williams, he looks lost at times and he's playing out of his naturral position. Looks to me that Adelman eye's man-to-man match-ups and the tweeners get the shaft
Bartleby1983::hey there kyrie Roy how many double doubles does he have, 0, compared to RR's 11, RR is leading the league in steals and is 5Th in assists, plus the wolves have the better record and will have the better record at the end of the year, kyrie is just a stat stuffer on a really bad team, RR is the better player and teammate
masisk33::Kyrie is a legit future All-star ..... along with Rubio.  Different games, but both are future all-stars
TheTristanShow::How can you call him a stat stuffer when he's shooting over 50 %? If Kyrie had the teammates Rubio did, he'd be averaging more assists as well.
TheTristanShow::You're an idiot.
gabbybooger10::WHY IS DERRICK WILLIAMS NOT GETTING MORE MINUTES???
masisk33::no one has a good answer for this one....feel bad for D. Will
StormDragonZ::To sum up the trolls:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R78l6ZOPy9o
TheKing38293::HEY WOLVES TELL YOUR FANS TO STOP SPAMMING ON EVERYONE ELSES BOARDS...
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::hey king, start realizing fans of other teams including this $@% above me are making fake wolves accounts and spamming other boards.
Kyrie Irving...................................ROY::Wolves fans are the worst. You have no idea.
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::Nothing but spammers comes out from the state of Minnesota. That amazing chef guy is spamming the knicks board and he's been doing the same thing during the mavs game. I think he's trying to get attention so people will come back to this board and talk about the wolves even though they've been IRRELEVANT for ages.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::hey Bigdsportscowboysmavs, start realizing fans of other teams including this $@% above me kyrie irving are making fake wolves accounts and spamming other boards.
natskivna::He's a d o u c h e.
Jg2.o::He just came out of the closet tonight ....so if you can find it in your heart - cut him a bit of slack.
Kyrie Irving...................................ROY::lol aint that the truth.
PK009::What's gonna happen to Beasley? That guy is a baller why can't he start at the three? Rubio anyone at the 2 Beas love pekovic
masisk33::yikes!! Now thats a turnover machine!
Jg2.o::If only we could meld Wes and Beas together into some unholy amalgamation.
tedctlai::Lin or Rubio?
masisk33::Tough choice!!  Lin can score, but Rubio will lead the league is stls and assists someday.  Great question! Im going with Rubio long run
PK009::Lin is better offensively Rubio is a pure pg that will get better right now u gotta say lin
Jg2.o::There's gonna be a trade or two between now and when the season starts next year.   Obviously 2 &amp; 3 are our greatest needs. Ideas? And who should we be willing to deal? (What about D Will at the 3?)  And I say we need to find a spot for Anthony Randolph on this roster.
Kylejweinmeyer::oh, concussion man?
Kyrie Irving...................................ROY::You know who I'm a fan of?  Kyrie Freaking Irving
Dinomeyt::Everyone is healthy. It's something we've always wanted and yet it's causing a ton of controversy. Get some of these players out there. I wanna see Randolph. His dunk against Miami made me a Randolph fan
B1ouin::What does everyone think of Big Pek tonight? He's a beast.
B1ouin::Not even the dumbest coach in the world wouldn't do that.... And Adelman isn't dumb... Except he is still starting Wes Johnson, that's a pretty bonehead move.
oste0130::Exactly. Why is Wes starting? Is it to up his trade value?
Dinomeyt::And someone needs to cut it. Hey pek, want a make a couple hundred bucks? ***call me***
Dinomeyt::Thats Kahn's puppet string at work
Dinomeyt::If they do, I will not watch the game it happens if its televised
B1ouin::It's only his second year, he's bound to get even better. They better not ever put Darko back in the starting lineup.
Dinomeyt::his PER is like 21. That is nuts!! Especially for a guy who was nothing but a foul magnet last year
B1ouin::Obviously they didn't study the scouting report on him, since he's been beasting it for a while now.   Goes to show you that bad teams like the Bobcats couldn't give a $@%! about winning.
Dinomeyt::Too bad the bobcats coach can't say his name right. Moron
Lemoney_3::he looks like a serial rapist
Dinomeyt::Pekstation 3 baby
Kyrie Irving...................................ROY::Wow did anyone see Kyries spin move and pass to hit up Casspi?  Amazing play. Best distributor in the league.
masisk33::Kyrie is FAAAAARRR from best distributor in the NBA.....lol
Dinomeyt::So kyrie has to play otherwise ur team is a below .500 team.....o wait
kfultz42::Kyrie Irving is going to make Lebron his $@%!$ Friday
kfultz42::hahaha who am i kidding i don't mean that
Lemoney_3::so far its been the other way around....
Dinomeyt::I want whatever ur on bahahaha.
gouconnhuskies3::Best distributor in the league? has he had a 10 assist game yet&gt;
Dinomeyt::Casspi? Who's that?
Kyrie Irving...................................ROY::Some scrub Kyrie has to deal with on a nightly basis. He doesn't have the luxury of having Love.
kfultz42::blake griffin or kevin love?
masisk33::ISO offense is a proven losing style....Love is much better all-around. Griffin just cant shoot....period.
PK009::It's not even close right now maybe in a few years when Blake adds more to his game but it's love hands down
gouconnhuskies3::Love might put up better all around numbers, but I think Blake forces his game style better. Like Love from the other teams perscpective, yeah he's gonna score and pull down a bunch of boards, but you can try to force him to take bad shots and shoot a low percentage. Blake on the otherhand is a little harder to plan for defensively.
KingGeorge53::Both are outstanding in their own way.   However, Blake is better in a ISO style offense (other words... playground... lob city, etc.) where as Love is the kind that can effectively play extremely well in the 1/2 court setting.    IN the PO, a team that can play and defend the 1/2 court go further almost every time.     e.g.   Mavs vs Heat
Dinomeyt::This is for MVP, not LPOY "Luckiest Player of the Year"
Kyrie Irving...................................ROY::Kyrie Irving.
KingGeorge53::Look, if you really are a Cavs fan, you need to go to bed b/c you're embarrassing the rest of us.   However, I think you're just a troll.    Get a real posting name and let's talk b-ball instead of pep rally.
Dinomeyt::that's cuz blake is all flash, nothing else. K love is some flash but a whole lot of true basketball. Love should get it, but he has to go through Lebron first. Hope K love wins it
kfultz42::i feel like k love quietly puts up amazing #s
KingGeorge53::Depends on the offensive system you're running.
gouconnhuskies3::nice
Dinomeyt::K love, better all around.
KingGeorge53::Didn't get a chance to see this game, but damn you Charlotte!   You guys are going to have more ping pong balls than anyone else.   My team has to get one of these potential impact players in this draft.   lol  Is it too early to talk about MVP and K Love?
masisk33::Love's scoring is up, rebounds down a bit.....is a legit MVP candidate if the Wolves make the play-offs (which is still quite possible this year)
mn_tanz::Yeah, playoffs are possible, but I think you still have to acknowledge that it's unlikely.  Love's scoring is up, but his shooting percentage (and true FG%) is down from last year.  He just has a higher usage rate.
mn_tanz::Yes, it is too early.  Kevin Love is a very good player and I'm impressed with his improved defense.  But if the wolves don't make the playoffs, I don't think he deserves it at all.  Team sport, yes, but an MVP should be able to at least get his team to the playoffs when more than half the field makes it.
KingGeorge53::Would agree in your comparison.
mn_tanz::It's actually down a bit from last year.  But yeah, he does a ton for the team.    What he can do is go from being a mediocre defender (which is sadly a huge upgrade from a year ago) to being a lock-down defender.  If he was as good on the defensive end as he is at getting rebounds and on the offensive end, the wolves would easily be a playoff team, IMO.  I think that's the difference between him and Garnett.  Love and Garnett have had very different offensive games that have been productive in their own right.  The difference is that Garnett was one of the top defenders in the league, while Love is still lost at times at a step slow much of the rest of the time.  All hypothetical at this point, though.
KingGeorge53::Sadly, in basketball that's true.    However, I don't know how he can do any more.   don't know how anyone can do anymore.   His production is off the charts.
gouconnhuskies3::how many rookies have triple doubles this year for your Rubio vs. Irving argument. Gotta at least mention Walker in the Rookie PG discussion
gouconnhuskies3::Ummm has anyone else been reading about how Varijeo got a raw deal on the allstar game?
Dinomeyt::jamison is all irving has. If he doesn't have antwon, irving's play get the cavs at most 8 wins. No defense at all
gouconnhuskies3::I think in the long run Kemba will rise above both these guys if he get some solid talent around him, cause man when he is in close games he's got that extra thing you can't teach.
mn_tanz::Maybe.  I think they need the offseason to work on it.  It isn't uncommon to see players really improve over a full offseason.  Look at Kevin Love.  He's really improved his shot, thanks to two offseasons of work on it, expanding his range each time.  But I agree- it's only a matter of time.  He'll figure it out.
Dinomeyt::It's only a matter of time. The lockout hurt the coaches from working with Ricky. If they had that preseason, they could have done so much work
mn_tanz::It's hard to evaluate right now, given that Walker has so little in terms of talent around him.  At the same time, Rubio has shown that he plays better typically in the 4th when it gets down to it.  And he has a great all-around game, aside from his shooting.    I'm sure he'll work on his shot with NBA coaches, who will have him dropping jump shots at a much better rate going forward and he'll eventually learn how to finish at the basket.  He gets to the hoop, but just can't finish.    His basketball sense, though, is fantastic, particularly for a rookie.  If he can get his FG % up, he'll be a very dangerous pg.
gouconnhuskies3::off the bat if I had to choose I'd take Rubio... I can go get like 35 scoring point guards in this league, but pass first guys who can play D, they're all over the hill.
gouconnhuskies3::I thought going into the draft Irving might even be a bust, he's better than a bust but still not convinced just cause he's scoring on a team with few scoring options.
Dinomeyt::Thank u, someone knows basketball
Dinomeyt::But which one would u support: Rubio or Irving? Kemba is great and he has an amazing future ahead of him, but he's in Charlotte
HateBrass::Nothing makes me happier than seeing a team with Michael Jordan's imprint on it losing real bad.  The guy has no business leading a team as a GM, team president or owner.  He is clueless in how to put together a strong team.  In Washington, instead of working to build  ateam, he decideed to play and be the team.  In two years that team couldn't even make the playoffs.  But he drafted Kwane Brown and trading a up and coming Rip Hamilton for a homer selection of Jerry Stackhouse.  Abe Pollian sent his a$$ packing real quick.  In Charlotte, he drafted Adam Morrison.  That's all you need to know.
Dinomeyt::Adam Morrison???? Oh MJ, I have lost a lot of love for u for drafting Morrison
HateBrass::Bismack Biyombo, Adam Morrison, Kwame Brown and he brought Boris Diaw to Charlotte.  Has Diaw shot 10 free throws this year?  Jordan when evaluating talent is like Sarah Palin saying something intelligent.   What they do and say shocks you.
Kyrie Irving...................................ROY::How many games does Bricky have 20 or more points scored?  Take your time.
masisk33::Looks like we got an ISO offense specialist in Irving.....proven loser
Dinomeyt::Ricky doesn't need to always shoot. I hate these new NBA fans who think shooting is what the NBA is all about. It's NOT. There are other factors when it comes to evaluating a player. Is Irving the better scorer? yes. But rubio is the better "all around" player. He can make the basket, get tons of assists, play ridiculous defense. Think about it before u open ur snatch, oh wait thats ur mouth isn't it?
mn_tanz::The same number of times that Irving has gotten 10 or more assists in a game.
Dinomeyt::Ur a f.a.g. is my quickest answer. Irving's good.....too bad hes the cavs only hope for any future.
gouconnhuskies3::Kemba is coming a long, just has to keep his fg% like tonight, and pass the ball better, course your team has to make shots to get assists.
gouconnhuskies3::his rebounding has been a nice surprise to the rest of the league that thinks of him as undersized, but watching him last year you know his court awareness and speed are good enough to grab the ball regardless off his height
Kyrie Irving...................................ROY::BRRRIIIICCCCKKKYYYYYY   We call him Mr. Negative in Cleveland because he's always in the negative in plus/minus
htabbach::Hey Kyrie Irvings...ROY, we cannot hear you, maybe you should pull Kyrie **** out of your mouth, then we would be able to hear you.
masisk33::HAHAHA  this Irving fan is a complete idiot....
mn_tanz::You need a new nickname for him. Coming into this game, he was +61 on the season, best for the T-wolves.    Interestingly enough, Kyrie Irving was -38 coming into today.  Which is 11th for Cleveland.  So congrats on that.
XxLeprechaunxX::that makes sense, as long as you're looking at the same team i guess
mn_tanz::I think that plus/minus has some value, but it has to be in a comparative sense to the rest of your team.  I don't really care that much if Cole has a great plus/minus- he plays for the Heat.  It doesn't compare to the plus/minus of someone on a different team.  But seeing that Rubio is #1 on his team, and Irving is #11 on his team is pretty telling, IMO.
XxLeprechaunxX::really? wow, i dont condone use of +/- but that kinda kills that guys argument lol
Dinomeyt::which would u have more trust in: wes with the ball or buying ur brakes from toyota?
masisk33::Question:  am I trusting Wes to sell me brakes as an employee of Toyota?
Lemoney_3::im looking at the box score...and...how is kimba at -20. he shot a good pct. and he didnt have many turnovers
masisk33::Its obvious you dont understand what +/- means
gouconnhuskies3::played a lot of mins and lost
Dinomeyt::Look at the true values. The only reason u should ever look at that +/- is for fantasy. And basketball fantasy can be tough.
Lemoney_3::I know all that, about it not being the big picture and more for fantasy, but that just seems liike a glitch
XxLeprechaunxX::+/- is a useless stat , and shouldnt even be listed in the box score
Dinomeyt::he's like minnesota's mosquitoe, sucks the fun out of everything and u just wish they died
XxLeprechaunxX::yeah i should just ignore him, but hes so relentless lol
mn_tanz::There's not point in responding to that kid.  I'm sure you noticed that his post didn't really respond to anything.  "Kind of like Rubio."  What's kind of like Rubio?  +/- is a useless stat, like Rubio?  That stat shouldn't be listed in the box score, kind of like Rubio?
XxLeprechaunxX::yeah we lost 4 of them thats why +/- is stupid it does not reflect on the player performance enough to be warranted on the boxscore
Kyrie Irving...................................ROY::Kind of like Rubio. Dudes been in the negative for like the last 5 games. LOL
XxLeprechaunxX::his team sucks
XxLeprechaunxX::its completely situational, he played well that all there is to it.  It may be an oddity that he was -20 despite the fact he played well but ultimately it doesnt matter no coach would look at +/-... and lol @ johnny dipsh*t
Lemoney_3::yes but if he shoots good percentage and has not as many turnovers, his +/- should be higher, just cause johhny dipsh*t shot 5/22 doesnt mean his score should affect walkers
mn_tanz::What do you mean, what would his team have to do with his plus/minus?  If his team sucks, they're going to get outscored more often than not, regardless of how Walker plays.
XxLeprechaunxX::bad teams lose, losing team players have poor +/-
Lemoney_3::what would his team have to do with his +/-
Kyrie Irving...................................ROY::Hey guys, can anyone tell me Rubios shooting percentage tonight?  lolololol
mn_tanz::28.2%.    And of all the rookies in the league, he's 1st in assists, assist per game, assists/48 min, and assists/TO ratio (and those aren't even remotely close), He's also 1st in steals and steals per game.  And he's 1st in double-doubles with 11.  The rest of the league has 11.  Kyrie Irving is still waiting to get his first double-double.
mn_tanz::Surprise, surprise.  Not capable of a response to anything that goes beyond shooting percentage and ppg.  Typical.  What a poor representation of Cleveland fans.
Jg2.o::not at all....i just popped on here and see you're still trolling hard. keep up the good work d.o.u.c.h.e.b.a.g.
XxLeprechaunxX::please go away, we know rubio cant shoot, and kyrie is the most likely ROY, what is the point of saying it over and over again. it cant get any more true than it already is
Jg2.o::no, but your loser % is off the charts.  get a life....
Kyrie Irving...................................ROY::LOL.   You seem a little mad brother?
XxLeprechaunxX::nice to see another great game from wes, 24mins 4-9  0-4 from 3 with 1 reb 1 stl and 1block, what would we do without him?
Dinomeyt::I was impressed by Ridnour's turnaround in the last half and that three from Barea was nuts. I can't hit the rim at a distance like that. The problem with minutes is that everyone is healthy; Lee is coming back. Everyone is at full health and if Adelman can find the right formulas, this team if they play good and shoot like they did tonight, this team can be a dangerous threat. Rubio is the point-maker, and he is more confident in his passes than he is his shots. Oh well, as long as he helps the team, let him pass all he wants
mn_tanz::I think Wes needs to slash to the basket more often.  0-4 from 3 pt range sucks and is about right for him.  4-5 from inside the arc.    The guy needs to figure things out if he's going to continue to get minutes.  The wovles can't really afford to have a starter turn in consistently poor performances game after game.
gouconnhuskies3::shot better from 3
Dinomeyt::possibly, but i think he was this bad last year
gouconnhuskies3::sophmore slump?
Dinomeyt::and he's our sg, it feels great doesn't it?
Dinomeyt::Hey warriors lost, so if we win constantly, we could allure Monta over to Minnesota
XxLeprechaunxX::it sure does, man the rest of the league must be jealous
XxLeprechaunxX::hes a solid 23% from 3 this season
gouconnhuskies3::bit of a disappointment this year id say
Dinomeyt::no duh
Dinomeyt::Have a better start?
XxLeprechaunxX::I didnt get to see the 2nd half, looks like Klove went HAM, why didnt williams and beasley play more?
Metta_World.Hate::You fucking suck, Bobcats.
XxLeprechaunxX::the like was for your hilarious screen name
mn_tanz::It's nice that there is finally some interest in wolves basketball, but these boards are ridiculously poor now.  The amount of worthless people that come on here to troll is just pathetic.  So much for trying to have any kind of a basketball conversation.  Kyrie Irving is a one-dimensional player who does a great job scoring and is ultimately a very good player.  But his defense is mediocre at best, he turns the ball over at a greater rate than Rubio, he doesn't get steals or assists, and he doesn't orchestrate an offense nearly as well.    I'm indifferent to NYC and I don't really care if dogs may or may not have said something inappropriate about it.  Stop trolling this board and you won't see his comments.
jank6708::Kyrie Irving is one dimensional can score but can't defend  Ricky is a good defender (1st  steals) and he knows how to run an offense (5th assists) Kevin Love is having an MVP year, Ricky just needs to keep feeding him the ball.
The Amazing Chef returns::AHOOO!!!!!!!!! WOLVES RUN THIS!!!
PoRtEr_24::Is that Kyrie tool still here?
Malcyon1::Another brick-tastic night for Bricky Rubiho...
PoRtEr_24::Man, the nicknames people come up with are sooooo bad.
Malcyon1::I'm sure yours ares sooooo much better...
TubbyTime334::Derrick Williams dunk was one of the Best I have seen this Year!!!
B1ouin::it didn't even make it on the ESPN.com Highlights.
Giggity.iggity::Well, good to see ROY isn't even up for debate anymore.  Bricky Scrubio looks more like a serviceable PG at best with his consistent 2/7, 2/6, 2/8 shooting performances and consistent single digit scoring games.  Kyrie Irving is the only qualified rookie EVER to shoot 50/40/80 (FG/3p/FT) and he absolutely killed it  tonight in a blowout win over the Pacers.  Best of luck on making the playoffs, T-Wolves fans.
PoRtEr_24::Didn't know an 11-point win was a "blowout."
mn_tanz::The standards don't change.  An 11 point win is still an 11 point win.
Malcyon1::It is when a below .500 team beats the cuss out of a playoff contender.
The Amazing Chef Likes Men::Gawd i'm GAY
