SouthernDiva_AtlantaChiQ::tough loss
Edudlufetips1::hi
Gamham34::..................................................
Gamham34::Im sorry but John Wall fits in a knicks jersey.
JAYMELZ::he would fit       he can   fit almost anywhere      hes a  pass 1st   PG
Edudlufetips1::why are you apologizing? the wizards have been a bottom franchise for a long time. he'd fit in just about every jersey that doesn't say washington or charlotte
Gamham34::Im apologizing because he is on a Sh*tty team, DUH?
LilDwayne21::Let me tell you what the Knicks did right with Amari. IIGHt. Now Amari has just returned from a back injury. He's still trying to get a feel for the game and develop chemistry with the Knicks, so what the Knicks are doing is having Amari shoot mid-range jumpers, rebound the ball defensively and offensively for the Knicks, and they're having him attack the glass with layup and easy dunks that he can work off of to generate fouls and send him to the free throw line. Amari is not out there trying to tee up 3s for Downtown, he's not doing anything fancy, his defense needs to improve since he's coming off an injury, but right now the Knicks and Coach Woodson are doing a solid of incorporating Amari back into the lineup. Amari is still a lil rusty, but he's playing SMART basketball. I think it just might pay off too. The thing is its going to take patience on both Coach Woodson's part and the fan's part as well. One and done.
Edudlufetips1::a very new story: the knicks are trying to build chemistry. it was a great bedtime story long ago.
alicia limehouse::i am by no-means a KNICKS fan but ive got to say MELO is putting on a show
apaich5000::the knocks are gonna do it.  they are trying really hard
RaptorsJaysGiants::Knick fans think there a championship team after beating the garbage Hawks lmfao?
Gamham34::They are not a garbage team, They made the 3 round of the playoffs last season...
BaccalaTitz27::lets go sixers - they can easily win their next 3 games. hope the knicks sit everyone and blow the next 2 games off. stat is a beast once again. chandler can rest all he wants cuz its not like he's guna lose his "shot". melo might need to play a few mins here and there to keep his hotness up, but no more than 20 mins/game please. bring on the bulls. we will beat them down.
not me again::When Lin returns it will ruin everything!
Michael38061::Lin got them winning again
Edudlufetips1::ny fans are such idiots. i live in ny and my last sentence is why. you get a player that sparks something that leads to wins and you love him. then you bad mouth him when he's not in the lineup for w/e reason. ef.fin idiots. the city that never sleeps needs to get some sleep to clear its mind.
YankeeSupporter::knicks playing the heat in the first round
BaccalaTitz27::false. after we knock out the bulls 1st rd and get lin back its time for a 'ship.
izzygotgame::knicks lol keep the hope,giants &amp; yankees hold new york down every three or four years.New york knoodle knees lmao "not winning" lmao
Rickster7218::Nice win for the Knicks heading into the playoffs, I see the them winning a couple of games against either Miami or Chicago.  I don't see them beating either of them but giving them a good fight.  Go Melo.....Go Knicks................
jetzyy::I just wish that Magic/Bobcat game was tonight so the Knicks can game plan: Tank or Play hard but games are simultaneously played on Wednesday night.Hopefully Wizrds win tonight so their is more incentive vs Orlando to avoid the WORST RECORD IN NBA  History .
YankeeSupporter::Look, the Bobcats have lost their last 20 games straight!  Statistically speaking, they should be up for a win tomorrow against Orlando.  If the Knicks beat the Clippers tomorrow, then on Thursday, Orlando plays Memphis (much better team) and the Knicks play the Bobcats....  As unlikely as it is, a 6 seed would save the Knicks from Miami and Chicago.
jacko_brown::"I got rid of all those pretenders. Now, this is MY team.  Sure, we'll never win a ring, we'll never get a lottery pick, but I keeps getting my 30 shots a game and that is all you people need."  -Melo
USAwolf30::Except Melo wants to team up with strong players. Thats why he came here to New York. Having Tyson, Stat and now Lin has made Melo happy.
jacko_brown::you are blind to see when Melo is at his happiest.  It sure wasn't 6 weeks ago when he was only taking 7 shots a game.
Davidstowe2012::SO WHAT YOU WANT BUT I LOVE THIS TEAM. THEY HAVE THE 4TH BEST RECORD IN THE NBA SINCE WOODSON TOOK OVER!
jamdin05::Knicks are primed for an upset of either the Bulls or Heat..    they dont want New York..  no one does
jacko_brown::I guess you never understood that winning in the playoffs requires several scoring options in the half-court along with solid defense.  The Knicks do not have either.  At least with Lin they were watchable.
stop the duck1::wat happened to my boy j lin
jamdin05::he had surgery
soldier00013::defenses started forcing him to his left
soldier00013::looks like heat/knicks in the playoffs once again. sadly i don't think it will be as intense as it was in the 90's. no oakley and houston and zo and pj brown.
jksdhlkjsadhfljasdljkdhasf::Wow, the Knicks won without the best defensive player, Tyson Chandler.  What a victory.
jamdin05::defense stunk last night but their offense was great
Chris Berman is a Woman::Wow, congrats on barely winning.
GMAC1969::Knicks fan are hilarious.....the other night they lose to one of the worst teams in the league in the Cavs and Knick fans excuse was that "they were losing on purpose for the 8th seed. lol  Then they beat the Pacers and now they can beat the Heat and win a championship!!! Not to mention they wanted Melo gone a month ago during Linsanity and now he's the MVP of the league in their clouded minds!! lol  The most delusional fan base in sports....hands down!
GMAC1969::Sorry I struck a nerve...at least you made the playoffs for a change.....enjoy another one and done!
jamdin05::one and done is your sex life
jksdhlkjsadhfljasdljkdhasf::What a dumb comment. Real Knicks fans praised Melo since his Cuse championship. GTFO hater. Melo is the best scorer in the league right now.
Magicmike321::Knicks fans, who would you rather see in the first round Miami or Chicago?  Just wondering
Michael38061::Doesn't matter
jksdhlkjsadhfljasdljkdhasf::Doesn't matter.
jksdhlkjsadhfljasdljkdhasf::Great news for Knicks fans, Carmelo Anthony is slaughtering Eastern Conference teams.  He is dropping 39+ on: -Miami -Boston -Chicago -Atlanta  Bring it on, Melo and company will slaughter the competition
NGplayinskillz::He dropped 39 pts on the Indiana Pacers and still lost so I am not impressed.
Reality_And_Truth::The Knicks were lucky that Marvin Williams missed.......
jksdhlkjsadhfljasdljkdhasf::The Knicks were lucky? They already clinched the playoffs idiot, yesterday was a meaningless game.
BxBuckeye::He missed because he was blocked, and even had he made the dunk, it would have been after the clock expired.  You have no clue what you are talking about.
keep it funky::you dick mouths want the easiest route? ya'll $@%!$@ suck!! go after the best and try to beat them.
stone419::i think we all just want to win
J-SMOOVE2075::dumb move on the knicks part to want the 7 seed.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::smarter move to rest our MVP
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::TYSON CHANDLER
Reality_And_Truth::what MVP ? Jeremy Lin ?
draino25::yup i completely agree.  hopefully they lose one and philly win out
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::The real question is this: who would be the best team for the Knicks to play in the 1st round?
Reality_And_Truth::The Knicks can't and won't beat the Celtics, Heat, or Bulls......
BxBuckeye::The Knicks can beat the Celtics.  The Heat and Bulls are a different matter, however.  I know that people think that the Bulls are a better matchup because they are not as explosive, but the Knicks can win shootouts, so the tougher challenge is holding their own on the boards.  Chicago is the best rebounding team in the league and everybody on their roster looks like Kevin Love on the glass against the Knicks, who just refuse to box out.  I actually think that they have a better chance vs. Miami than vs. Chicago.
mccoywajmu::orlando...
mccoywajmu::this  bulls team is better then that bulls team last year...every team has flaws so that really doesnt mean anything..the reality is the knicks cant really expose the bulls flaws to the point they could beat us in a 7 game series...the knicks have their own problems about the fact they dont rebound well and carmelo anthony is so much worst with amare on the court then without him
fliptide....::they have a good chance of beating Chicago.  The team is good, but flawed. They were played rather aggressively by Indiana last year, and although it was a 5:1 win, the games were all close, decided by a possession.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::I love when Bernard and Clyde call the games. You just know they think they could school everyone on the court
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::lol.  Bernard dont want it wit Melo.  Clyde.....that another story.  I think he could still play, right now, if he wanted to.
fliptide....::you guys are all drunk
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::BK would drop 30 a night in today's game.
ESPN stole my member name::Now the Knicks fans love Melo when Lin was in town they wanted him gone..go Melo!
Reality_And_Truth::Carmell is a Loser and still needs to go....
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Yep.  Real Knicks just wanna watch the team do well.
stone419::thats only a contradiction if he wanted them to lose 8 in a row
Somedood1::Just contradicted yourself there. When Melo came back u guys lost 8 in a row..
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::those were the bandwagon Lin fans....not knicks fans
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Tired of talkin about the Elbow That Shocked The World......lets go Knicks.  STAT had a double double too.  I was impressed.
BigSkidz1::really hope we get to play chicago...that team is SOOOOO soft
mccoywajmu::the bulls are soft? LMAO...Best defensive team and rebounding team in the nba LMAO...the knicks started playing defense what 5 weeks ago....who is soft?
Reality_And_Truth::The Knicks just don't don't play defense.....
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::^ this guy is 100% right
blackboyda1nonly::melo the best score and the nba hands down
Rickster7218::Totally agree, that was also evident in the last Olympics when Melo took over that team and led them to a Gold Medal..
Reality_And_Truth::LOL....the NBA's biggest Loser maybe.....only Kobe Bryant is more over rated than Melo........
DBL-DGT-CHPS::U got issues man,lol
BigSkidz1::remember when people were saying trade carmelo? lol what a bunch of weirdos
Reality_And_Truth::The Knicks will regret not trading Carmello Anthony.........
swiftandabundant::Watch out Eastern Conference!  Knicks are gonna be dangerous in these playoffs! http://tinyurl.com/2012KnicksPlayoffs
fliptide....::No they are not, but wishful thinking is the best thinking there is!
agoods03::We still have a chance at the 6.  We just need to beat LAC while Orlando loses to CHA.  Anything is possible.
BxBuckeye::The Knicks don't deserve the #6 seed.  They'd be virtually assured of getting it had they just bothered to show up in Cleveland last weekend.  When you have something to play for and get blown out by the Cavs -- who were even missing main contributors, such as exist on such a weak squad -- you deserve poor playoff ranking and an early exit.
agoods03::I know, it sucked.  But we have lost a lot of games we shouldn't have lost this year, it happens in the NBA.
yang2722::Hopefully the Bobcats is motivated enough by not wanting to have the worst record in NBA history and try to beat the Magic.
drawitall::Knicks are unbelievable how they pulled that one out last night.  Got to love this teams heart and soul ! They just keep coming .  I think they havwe a chance at the HEAT !!(playoffs)
DawgsBravesFalconsHawks::jdzspace is an idiot. When will you morons learn that your flawed logic (especially the transitive property) doesnt work in sports.  Both of these teams beat each other by double figures in the first 2 games and todays game was decided by 1 point. That "oh the hawks barely beat the celtics 3rd string and the knicks barely beat them so you suck" bullcrap doesnt work lol. The celtics starters ALSO barely beat us. We beat the heat WITH wade and lebron, and lost to them without both. We blew out the bulls in a game with rose, and got blew out by them in a game he didnt play. That "team A beat team B and team B beat team C, so that means team A is going to crush team C" crap means nothing. Hell, what team A did against team B might be turned completely around the next time they meet.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::It was a competitive game, and we got the best of it TODAY.  Anybody who looks any deeper into this is stupid.  The only logic that could be used about this win is that we scored more pts than the other team did.
53Kevin::And still again,the Bulls beat up on the Hawks when it matters,in the playoffs.
MeeGale757::The haters come out at night!!!!!!!!
ChiAllDay247::wow melo needed 32 shots for 39 points..thats bad
Rickster7218::14 for 30 MORON......
drawitall::wow the knicks won .thats good !! lol
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::So did KD last nite....AND they still lost.
tututuhin::and the rest of the team needed 47 shots for 81 points, but melo is the hero cuz he had the courage to take so many shots when every one else on the team had the hot hand
blueline__123_x::hero?  now thats just pathetic
UncleRuckus87::Preach
texasrangersin12::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month for three months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I once was
navyseal962012::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I once was
navyseal962012::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I once was
cashman991::The Knicks were outscored by two points Sunday against the Hawks when Carmelo Anthony and Amar'e Stoudemire were on the court together. It was the 21st time in 38 games this season that New York was outscored with both on the court. It was also the sixth-straight game that Anthony shot 40 percent or less with Amar'e on the court.
cashman991::btww, i bashed him a lot earlier in the year when i thought he was contributing a lot to the losing ways
tututuhin::how many field goal attempts does he have in wins versus in losses? my point is that the knicks dont need melo to go off for the team to win. in fact usually it works the opposite way. we dont need the offense to be just melo, we've proven that we can win with melo being a piece of the offense, not the entire offense
cashman991::carmelo shooting % in wins-  45% shootin % in losses 42%   see? So the shooting percentage seems to make more sense than the total pts which is totaly ruined by all those times he got rested and yes these were alot!   He also played like total dog $@%! in the very beginning of the year and i want to erase those games from my memory.  But in april he is shooting over 50% (yes even including his last 2 games in which he shot under 50% )
cashman991::amare had a good game.  amare sucked vs the cavs with 5-11 and 2 rebounds in 27 minutes.  lol.  as far as that losing record stat,  there are so many games where melo is turned 2 wen the knicks cannot get it going.   tonite was not a typical NYK game.  There are also all the times we blow teams out and melo gets rested so he can't get his 20.  and we won those games.  that is such a bogus stat!
DBL-DGT-CHPS::I never said it was anybodys fault,thats what u like to do it seems like.I simply explained why melo had a sub-par game and why the knicks lost.Uve made it very clear to everyone that u have a hard time understanding things,very simple things to be honest.Im just trying to help u out,u know...and by the way,a little side note:The game vs the cavs was the first game for the knicks after they found out they clinched a spot in the playoffs after a month worth of game 7s basically.Maybe human nature set in and they exhaled...then add the factt that amare came back that same night which gurantees chemistry issues AGAIN...it was always gonna be a tough game.Anything else??
tututuhin::amare was the leading scorer but melo took more shots. so its amares fault for scoring more points even though he took less shots than melo?
DBL-DGT-CHPS::The knicks loat to the cavs because melo got ONE shot in the fourth quarter...because they ran the offense through amare they were trying to get him back in the flow of things.Amare was the leading scorer,the offense ran through him,melo got ONE fourth quarter shot,knicks lose to the cavs.Does that make sense??
tututuhin::what did melo do vs the cavs? so when melo has a bad game its everyone elses fault but when melo has a good game then its cuz he's melo and he's great. that doesnt make sense.
tututuhin::while ur looking up numbers whats the knicks winning pct when melos scores more than 20 and what is it in the rest of the games this season? i know we have a losing record when melo gets more than 20, but i get its more important for melo to get his numbers than the knicks to get a win
DBL-DGT-CHPS::Dude what r u talking about,do u even watch the games?When woodson became coach he said the offense would run through melo and amare...well shortly after that amare goes down so the offense runs through melo.Since then the knicks have played their best ball of the year...check the record,check the stats,check the playoff spot thwy clinched,read the players quotes thats all the pudding u need homie!It doesnt matter if I type it and post it on sec 140 or not,its the truth.
tututuhin::chandler is pumping up melo cuz he's a good teammate.... its too bad that melo isnt a good teammate. its fun to watch melo go in and knicks win close games. but the proof is in the pudding, when melo is taking less field goals, the chances of the TEAM go up. the rest of the guys on the team are NBA players too, he might want to pass to them sometime. why do u think amare isnt coming off the bench. but if ur more interested in watching melo go off and take the most shots in a game where he has the LOWEST field goal percentage of anyone on the team then go for it.
DBL-DGT-CHPS::The first words outta Woodsons mouth when he becane head coach was "this is carmelo and amares team"...so when amare goes down who outta them two is left?Now r u suggesting that amare wouldve lead the knicks to a better record if melo was out that long,lol...or r u suggesting u know whats best for the knicks better than very successful nba coach??If that's the case then why are u on here arguing with me,shouldnt u be coaching in the nba somewhere??Its real simple here dude,dantoni ran the (everybody run and chuck the same amount if shots) offense while playing no defense and the knicks were a joke...Woodson runs the (go through ur best players) offense and obviously coaches defense,so the knicks become a better team,clinch a playoff spot and become a better team...AND ALL THAT HAPPENED BECAUSE OF MELO,GET IT THROUGH UR Fn HEAD!!The knicks would be nowhere without melo stepping up!!The knicks players themselves have said the same thing,do u know whats better for the knicks more than the actual players on the team too?!?Tyson Chandler said the way way carmelo is playing right now reminds him of how Dirk Novitzki played in the playoffs last year when he lead dallas TO A CAHMPIONSHIP!!
tututuhin::there also 6-1 under woodson before melo started making the offense one dimensional. so whats better 6-1 or 9-5?
DBL-DGT-CHPS::Are u a $@%!$@?The Knicks are 17-6 since Woodson took over ,seventeen and six!In the month of April WITHOUT Amare,Melo is leading the NBA in scoring at a little over 30 a game...because of that the knicks have gone from the 9th seed up to the seventh with a slight chance to get the 6th spot...because of melo the knicks are one of the hotter/better playing teams going into the playoffs.So how r the knicks a bad team when melo leads the way?!!?
tututuhin::how did amare shoot? and how did the rest of the team shoot?.. is the priority the team or if melo gets his numbers?
Leader_Of_The_Resistance::Just give MELO the ball.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::We got the win tho....thats the only stat that matters.
tututuhin::thats what the knicks been doing... he had 16 misses today the rest of the team combined had 16 misses. not a good stat
navyseal962012::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I once was
cashman991::i think jr smith or shumpert need to learn how to play the starting PG in time for the playoffs or at least log some serioius minutes in that position...
cashman991::baron is not good.  Hes shooting 66% ft which is bad for PG.  Hes shooting his worst FG% of his career.  His TO are higher than usual per min this yr, and worst of all, The Alleyoops to JR and stuff like that we saw earlier in the yr from him are pretty nonexistent right now.  I know he had a good game, but he was awful in that game we lost to Indy when he logged the same amount of minutes.  I'm not a big fan of baron
tututuhin::like i said, its nothing more than wishful thinking cuz we have no other options. but baron did have a good game today, i know 1 game doesnt change everything
cashman991::thats y losing lin hurts so much . its not that lin was so amazing but rather just how poor our backups truly are.
tututuhin::yea, that about sums it up. but baron had a double double today. hopefully he was just saving his body for a playoff push, but i know that wishful thinking. if baron can give us many minutes as he did today, then we'll be ok. no back to back games in the playoffs
tututuhin::recently thats been the case. jr and shum play better defense than baron or bibby and they run the offense through melo or have jr bring it up
truetopia::Coach Drew don't know what the hell he doing.. and Joe called him out on it.
BxBuckeye::Marvin Williams and Jeff Teague were getting buckets.  The most Joe Johnson would've been able to do was equal their scoring output while just altering the box score somewhat.  That guy is not a superstar at all, but he thinks he is, which is why he wanted out of Phoenix when he was in his rightful place as a #3 option.  The Hawks scored 112 points, so the offense was fine, and that man hit exactly one of the big shots that gave them a chance to win, while ALL of the other huge shots came from Williams, Teague or Josh Smith.  If anything, Smith should be the one having plays run for him at the end of the game, because JJ never has been a $$$ player.  The Hawks were dumb to give him a max contract.
cashman991::yeah and they shot the lights out at the arena.  What uwant them to score 130 points??
truetopia::Dudes named Marvin Williams and Jeff Teague had as many shots in the game as 100-million-dollar Joe
tututuhin::joe just felt bad cuz his ex coach just beat him. makes ur current coach, the guy that replaced woodson, look bad
cashman991::Carmelo had a career avg of 3.1 assist per game bfor coming to NYC. Every knick fan wanted him.   He now is avging 3.7 assist per game and we all hate him.  SMH
cashman991::Back to discussing knicks.  I wish woodson had the balls to let amare come off the bench in the playoffs, so we dont have to rely on JR novak chucking up 3s while everyone else stands around,  For the second unit.  Amare tyson and Melo combo, is not good. that lineup also cannot defend the3 ball.  But it will never happen
cashman991::look how mcuh offense is in that lineup tho.  enuff where if u take amare out for jeffries u mite have a better team.  Especially if hes just letting guys blow by him for layups
tututuhin::its not really that much offense. who is ur 2nd scorer if u take amare out. melo gets doubled a lot in the 4th. chandler and shump are defensive minded and jr is a 2-way player but he's either really hot or really cold. need amare as a 2nd offensive threat behing melo and chandler and shump make up for it on defense
cashman991::Its tough.  I like how woodson has the balls to leave hot players in there who aren't starters.  I think amare can be subbed in and out on offfense/ defense type subs.  He is just so bad on D and especially from the PF spot.  Its just scary.   Shumpert has to be in there because he has been so damn clutch.   I think jeffries / stat depending on whether we need offense / defense and etc.  I dont think Novak deserves huge minutes b/c theres juist too many games where he stands around doing nothing for 20+ min i mean honestly can u get a rebound?!? If we are down by a decent amount tho he is a nice tool.  As far as pg, its sad to say but Bibby has been playing well over the last couple games and hes always been a good 3pt shooter except for this yr, and if he can show that over the next few games i tihnk id stick with bibby over baron
BxBuckeye::Novak has value even when he isn't getting looks.  There is a reason he is always camped out in the corner, which is that it makes it impractical to double the post or to help on drives to the rim because the best shooter in the league will get the ball.  We watched Ohio State do this in the college ranks with Jon Diebler and Jared Sullinger, and Sullinger never got doubled because the guy who was feeding the post was shooting 70% from behind the arc in that corner; it's the same idea with Novak, so he is important for spacing the floor regardless of whether he is actually getting to shoot.
tututuhin::i say chandler, amare, melo, shump and jr as my last 5 more often than not
tututuhin::but more often than not, if everyone is playing up to their potential then dont u put ur best 5 on the floor in a close game with 6 min left
tututuhin::who do u have on the floor for the last 6 min of the game?
zo9292::melo=best scorer in the NBA when he wants
tututuhin::the knicks are gonna miss the 6th seed by a game or 2 and thats a damn shame. the only teams in the east that the knicks lost the season series to are the bulls and heat. and looks like we'll face one of those 2 in the first round
BxBuckeye::The Knicks have no one but themselves to blame for not being able to catch Orlando.  They lost to the Bobcats at a point at which NY was one of the most suspect offensive teams in the league, but the loss to the Hornets was in the middle of their hottest run of the season, and blowing a 17-point lead against the Pacers was inexcusable.  Had they won even one of those games (certainly, the Pacers game should've been easy), they'd be in position to take the #6 seed.  Had they bothered to play with any sense of interest in Cleveland on Friday, they would've been in position to take the #6 seed.  Now, their fate is a first-round exit in maybe 5 games.
cashman991::ya and honestly he didnt get anything out of ridiculously talented teams of Amare, nash, and joe johnson with a million sharpshooters.  He had a playoff success rate similar to woodson with a much better team.  He is really a true scrub of a coach .  Thats why i dont bash melo for getting the coach fired.
tututuhin::yea honestly i wanted dantoni gone and melo traded as well
cashman991::dantoni is just a bad coach.  he tires out his players throughout the year, by using only an 8 man rotation and making them have fastest pace in NBA.  by the time the playoff comes around his team has nothing left in the tank.  His system is pure garbage and im so happy hes gone.  Imagine if the knicks were slightly better this yr andwe had to put up with another year of Dantoni???
tututuhin::i cud coach better than dantonti. he doesnt make any in game adjustments and always got killed in the 3rd quarter. thats why i wasnt surprised we're doing better under woodson, we wud be better no matter who replaced dantoni
Casey_Tatum::if we had lin the rest of the way we'd be looking at #5.
tututuhin::we wudve won the division with lin. for sure. im still mad about that loss to boston the week before dantoni got fired. how do u not foul when ur up 3 with 9 sec left. why do u let pierce shoot a 3 to tie it
cashman991::god and to think of all the losses we had vs horrible teams this yr... its scary
tututuhin::yea, we lost to the bobcats and i was at that game. the worst team in nba history
cashman991::Jeremy Lin should be MVP b/c the revenue he generated for the knicks this yr
