Ernest Bagdasaryan::Way to go jimmer, let brian roberts get 4 easy pts in the 4th, to go along with an assist. Stay in front of him, he isnt that fast, or maybe fredette is too slow. Thats explains alot.
David Franson::Then Roberts must be even slower than Jimmer, since Fredette has scored 7 points in only 8 minutes.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::David Franson why dont you watch the difference on how thomas guards elite pg's like Paul, Rose, Irving, and etc. Then you can see how difficult it is for jimmer to even stay in front of those guys, or score against them. Be honest david, jimmer was a glorified college player, but just a average player who will be riding the bench no matter where he goes.
David Franson::Ernest Bagdasaryan, my comment had nothing to do with Isaiah Thomas, nor did I say Fredette was great on defense, just merely pointing out that he had scored 7 points in 8 minutes while being guarded by Roberts.
George Jimas::boogie is a beast
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Hands down !
Randy Dixon::He ain't even the best big man on floor Davis is better hands down
Chad Wiggins::done with the second half... this game turned when fredette went out... he was lights out in the fourth... and yet ol ernie could only say he gave up two baskets lol... one was a double pick in which he got no help... and the other was jumper in which he got a hand all up in the shooters face... sac fans have no basketball knowledge... this probably comes from having to fight for the life of their franchise every few years, instead of being able to demand good basketball... its not normal for a fan base to be happy with sub 500 basketball....
Kyle Autrey::I agree, Jimmer played good basketball in the 2nd half and should have been left in the game.  Not sure why Malone pulled him, being that he's a Popovich disciple that is something he would have never done.  Pop already rides the hot hand for as long as he can.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::The only reason the kings are terrible right now, is because we had terrible owners, who didnt spend money, brought in a few dleague players every season for cheap, forced the hand of petrie on drafts, made bad decisions based on money related issues. Do your research before you speak. Did you consider that the kings might be tanking ? I thought you werent going to respond to me anymore because im an idiot LOL ?  PS - you are one funny looking dude, probably a lil funny in the head as well.
GianFranco DeZola::KINGS sucks lol  losing at home against the Pelicans....Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeee
Ernest Bagdasaryan::16 pts, 10 rbs, 1 steal/assists/block, all in 18 mins way to go Cousins !
Charles Warring::Cousins might put up stats... But your same complaints about jimmer applies a lot to cousins
Chad Wright::Jimmer made sac lose again. Lol, kings fans like to blame
Scott Smith::Seriously..keith and Ernest are always looking to blame Jimmer, even when he gets a DNP.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I never blamed jimmer for causing us to lose games, all i ever said was that he does not play like a player drafted in the lottery, or even in the 1st round. The only reason his even here is, because the cheap broke maloofs needed to sell some jersey and make money off a glorfied college player.
Chad Wiggins::Ernest Bagdasaryan key words in this dudes statement is "he doesn't play"  how in the holy heck can u play like a lottery pick when u play 6 min a freekin night..... thru thirty games last year he sure played like a lottery pick... he was number 5 in the league in points per minute... should i list the company again he kept in that stat ( lebron kobe melo and durant were the only players ahead of him in that category... in four starts his rookie year,  he sure played like a lottery pick ave 17 ppg and shooting 60% from three... but u r definately on to something.... getting dnp'ed every other night, and playing 5 min when he does play, he has definately not looked like a lottery pick.. lol... u have to play ur freekin lottery pick and allow him to become comfortable to show what he does best in order to reap the benefits of ur lottery pick... GOOD LORD
Jim Spadafore Sr.::Bags what game are you watching. Your beast cousins is a 45 percent career shooter and that sucks for someone 6-11. He's one of the most overrated players in the nba. He's a BIG loser!
Carl D Hill::In THAT case, K.Love sucks also, no?
Carl D Hill::Oh, i forgot, he's special lol..
Jigz Tan::Tyreke special, Cousins is good, but he got mental issues like OJ mayo said cousin got mental problems haha,
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I always hated the fact we let evans go, because of 2-3 mill difference, yet rudy gay is getting 19 mill next season, even though his a better offensive player then evans.
Randy Dixon::Lol Kings are jokes...let's let Evans go and go after bum @$$ Rudy gay...tonight is why the kings will be garbage forever
Keith Dennis::They turned Tyreke Evans into Rudy Gay, Derrick Williams, Quincy Acy, and Aaron Gray.  I'd say that is a pretty good move.
Jigz Tan::Evans always wanted out of sactown since Cousins came
Randy Dixon::You did watch the game right lol....Evans was the best player on the court hands down
Keith Dennis::Time to move Jason Thompson, Marcus Thornton and Jimmer Fredette... and Marcus Smart here we come.
Chad Wiggins::then u can ruin smarts career as well LOL sac town = where players and there skills go to die
Keith Dennis::Chad Wiggins Yea.. thats why Tyreke Evans was Rookie of the Year posting 20-5-5.   You know very little about basketball but you do know an awful lot about sniffing Jimmers jock.   He must get weirded out over all the bro love.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Chad Wiggins What were your comments like, when bobcats won 7 games in 2011 season, and 21 the next year ? Lets face it, you dont care about teams, which invalidates your whole argument against the Sacramento kings. Your just in love with Jimmer fredette.
Master Yodà::Angry Chad will be tonight. Reply to our comments after an hour he will.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::He probably preparing his nonsense just because jimmer had one average shooting night, yet had a Disaster of a game on guarding the opposite guards.
Chad Wiggins::Ernest Bagdasaryan  theres a reason i dont respond to u man... ur an idiot... fredettes on ur team and u hate his guts... him and aaron gray are the only two kings who finish the night in plus minus category.... and on the night he did a little more than have a decent shooting night, he went 4 for 6 from the field, and in 13 min had 2 reb 2 assist 1 steal and 0 turnovers.. and again the kings won by 1 when he was on the floor.. yet all u can do is rip him... ur a pathetic hater.. simple as that... i dont give pathetic haters a forum to yap on... by the way i find it funny u talk about me being on fredettes nuts, but good lord u2 are on mine even worse.... chad chad chad chad chad chad... give ur free kin jaw a break... talk about ur kings getting stomped at home yet again.. and ill talk about how jimmer didn't... in his 13 min he was plus 1... good night
Keith Dennis::Chad Wiggins Jimmer played off his man a good 4 feet on defense and got worked.  He shot well but that is all he can do so he should at least shoot well.   Watching him bring the ball up is painful, he can barely read the floor because he is so focused just barely making it over the midcourt line still maintaining possession.   He is really really really bad but I am sure he would dominate a game of horse tomorrow in my driveway.   I love the guy but he is no more than a 10-15 minute guy on a bad team... which is exactly where he finds himself.  Dont worry Chad, he will not be in Sacrament beyond the end of the season and probably much sooner than that.  Problem trading him is someone needs to want him and clearly no one is offering more than an equally bad player in return.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Lets see what cousins does in the 4th !
Matthew Welker::From Pels fanbase....i really thought the kings could've pulled away...but quickly realized this is the kings and that is a team the pels should beat...Evans was phenomenal on his return to sactown and davis was a beast as usual and the jruth did what he does best....i know anderson had bad game but he hit 2 big threes towards the end to get us ahead....way to get a win on one of the most brutal road trips of the season....up next we got denver at home
Chad Wiggins::just finished watching fredette in the first half.. despite ernest lol constantly berating his defense,  he was not scored on once... SMH...
Keith Dennis::You best rewind and watch again.   See him not fight over the top of screens and finding himself completely out of position.
Keith Dennis::But he did play good defense in the 4th unlike his teammates.   This is just a really combination of individuals.  Time to trade more of the old guard and get some fresh blood in here.    Bye bye Thompson, Thornton and Fredette.   They do nothing to make each other better.  What team would you like to see Jimmer play on Chad?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::You must be really obsessed with someone, to rewatch a game LOL. Your hilarious... and delusional !  You must really love terrible Athletes, whats next ? are you going to tell us Kwame brown will make the HOF ?
Shane Enloe::I never knew Shaq was a minority owner with the Kings, why the Kings?,I would like to see him GM one day I think he would be good
Michael Pappas::Really stupid idea to get rid of Tyreke. Rudy Gay hasn't been all that great, and where is this "defense" malone keeps talking about?
SrPastor UnAnointed::WE NEED THIS GAME!! WE HAVE TO GAIN OUR CONFIDENCE BACK NOW THE WE ARE HEALTHY AGAIN!! LETS GEAUX PELICANS!! LETS GET THIS BREAD AD, TYREKE,R.ANDERSON, AMINOU, JRUE. WE GOTTA GET THIS BREAAAD!!!!!!
Keith Dennis::I just lost some brain cells.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Wtf are you talking about, who took your bread lol ? Didnt we slap you guys at home last time 121-110. I was at the game.  Guess what their is no one on the pelicans who can guard cousins.  Now go find your bread !
Justin Williams::Ernest Bagdasaryan Anthony davis will block cousin no problem and score a double double on him
Bob Iliescu::Play well until the 4th when it counts the most at home and fold like a cheap suit.  Now I know why they have won only 8 games.  Pathetic!
Tom Totosz::Sacramento defense is atrocious. New Orleans might've scored every time down in the 4th quarter
Duddly Jones::no. hungrier and longer and leaner. Was only a matter of time..........til they broke the tie
George Jimas::seriously rudy gay? huge miss-match for dmc and he decides to dribble for 10 seconds. smh.
Tom Totosz::Can somebody explain to me how thompson is a starter in the nba? He's not even a solid bench guy
David Franson::Tom Totosz, he shouldn't be a starter at all with his subpar performance so far this year.  Only averages 7.6 points and 5.5 rebounds a game.  Pretty pathetic for a starting power forward.  That should be the first position the Kings look for an upgrade at before the trade deadline.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Cousins is too much for ryan anderson. 5 fouls, and davis is too skinny for cousins.
Master Yodà::Playing well Gay is. The usual good game DeMarcus is having. Stepping up IT is.
Scott Smith::Annoying as hell you are
Duddly Jones::pls sit down rudy gay.............or pass instead of shoot
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Yea his having a slow night shooting, but did a lil with rbs, stl, ast.
