buster nutt::10pts is a lot to give the Celtics
Djones017::Avery Bradley is just as quick as D.Rose in my opinion
Team Kaynor::dwight howard mvp of fantasy basketball
TheKushJedi::i was hating on bradley pretty hard before this game i take it all back
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Going into this game, my expectatons were the exact opposite of the outcome. It was a lot of fun to see the Celtics shut a team down like that again. There haven't been too many chances to see them do it lately.
markfox73::rondo and kg for dwight, plus take on turks fat contract and your next top 10 draft pick!!!!  done deal...lol   and you get jameer nelson...
scootermcd33::I would not want steroid boy on the Celtics at all!!! you can keep him.
markfox73::every team has already had bad games this season, so dwight needs to relax...the heat, lakers, thunder, mavs, celtics, clippers all had real bad games ...no different!!   orlando is in good position to bounce back stronger!
marksomerville::asdfghjklqwertyuiopmnbvcxzagf
the702shogun::i taped the game and still haven't watched it, glad i read this first, 56 points? that's it! that game was meant for one thing, deletion
503SHEAMUS::Boston's the new Florida now! All the oldies come here to live out the latter part of their lives now!
Doneebear::With all the forced moves by the NBA despite what the owners of the team wanted has come reall close to making the NBA worth no one's time!  Parity is a terrible thing to shove down the throats of fans and we now see the best teams destroyed and the also rans no one exept the locals really care!  NBA has to be losing fan viewers of the games on TV and they deserve to be shunned.  I want the NBA of a year ago back and the stupidity of the heads of the NBA to be replaced!  Enough of the distruction of the one of the two greatest games in the world!
Rand0687::Cool story. bro.
BigRRules::Looked like a Beer League Game in the 40+ division.  Worst NBA game I ever watched on TV.  Would not pay money to see an NBA game this season.  Worst season yet!
ACEasterling::Clippers are worth the money...
marksomerville::Not really
oreed reborn::Avery Bradley deserve alot of credit for this when,   i see why danny kept him around
oreed reborn::lakers most really suck, magic destroy them
42Wolverine21::all that reely matter here is the heat dominating an shutin up the critics
scootermcd33::the Heat suck.  those three huge egos that have accomplished 0 championships!!!  Shaq won the championship in Miami Wade was just along for the ride on Shaq's cape!!!  the whiny three are not champs and never will be.  they will do well in regular season but that is it!!! they have been around too long to not have figured it out yet!!!  they get all the calls and then whine like school girls when one call does not go their way.  they are also ruining basketball with the constant flops!! it is ridiculous the way they flop!!! you think of the great champs thru the years  Bird, Magic Johnson, Jabbar, Jordan an others and not one flopper in there at all.  the idiot three play the game wrong!!! plain and simple and they will never win it all...  especially not with coach spo.. now there is a loser!!!!!!!
looters726::The heat have the same record as orlando mongol
Andy0890::Heat dominating? They're 11 and 5. Ask the bulls who's dominating you fool
ZachC1965::They lost by 31 and they're STILL going to Disneyworld!
ZachC1965::Wow, Orlando went 16 for 65 from the floor...  Serves 'em right for going to Kobe Bryant's shooting camp...
b10you::Big Baby clogged up the middle all night!!
b10you::b10youAnyone tell me why VanDumbdy avoided Ryan Andersn like the plague last night?? Not one single pick and pop or anything. It looked like a bunch of high school kids running the offense....no flow to their game at all. 23 minutes for your teams second leading scorer?
Andy0890::Maybe he got benched cuz he was 0 for 8
deven8703::This is what the Celtics are capable of. Everyone knows it. Lets see if they can keep it up enough to squeeze into the playoffs.
Andy0890::BTW..orlando has boston at home on thursday so I'd save my trash talk till after that game
Choose your member name::Okay it's one game. Every team in the NBA is going to have nights like these, ITS THE NBA!! But more so this season, because of the crammed schedule Stern dished out.   Overall, we know the Celtics window has closed. They're not the defensive Juggernaut they were a couple of years ago. Just because the magic lost to them, doesn't mean it was a bad trade. The Magic got a pretty solid defensive player that can give you full effort night in and night out.   To think the Celtics are back because of one win in the NBA is asinine. The Bucks beat the Heat and the Grizzlies beat the Bulls. Should we expect a  Bucks v. Grizzlies finals? I don't think so.   Sad to say it but its time to nuke the team, and get at least some value for the players in a trade.
Rand0687::So it's either Finals or bust?
Logicalfan1::It;s OK Orlando, in 99 Chicago scored 49 points in a game. So you officially did not play the worst game ever.
ZzTrueAznBallerZz::-_-  yeah thanx  but still ................................
Road dog Red::Boston home of the Magically transformed Celtics, The Patriots and the BIGGEST patriot of them all TIM THOMAS for giving OBUMMER the finger last night
HeatFan85::...
HeatFan85::This is espn.com, I think your looking for www.foxnews.com
Andy0890::Did you not see what he said? Had nothing to do with politics or parties. He was telling the whole government to $@%! off..not just obama
Dave5227::Can't wait till Dwight goes to the Knicks and they realize how over-rated he is...Guy can't score unless he is dunking....His shot chart that night says missed from 4 feet, missed from 5 feet, missed from 3 feet, missed from 6 feet, missed from 4 feet....etc
HeatFan85::News Flash: Boston played a great game, but is this supposed to give us all amnesia?? If you guys are gonna take so much from one game, then we might as well say that the Bucks will win the east.
Rand0687::But didn't a lot of Heat fan take a lot from the trades last summer, and from their regular season record last season, and their record this season? To some fans, the Heat already won the titles until the year 2020, right?
Andy0890::LOL at o'neal=all star. Averaging just over 5 points and 5 reboinds while shooting 41 percent. Just shut up
Kickin_Chickens::This is why D12 should come play in Chicago with Rose, the best point guard in the league. Rose is like a Ferrari with a bunch of Hyundai's around him.
cowboys2up::CELTICS BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
SoxFanSince61::Calm down man. More like "WHERE THE HELL DID THAT COME FROM?"
Choose your member name::Waamp Waaaaamp!
kevin stitt::wow! is that all it takes to rattle the magic, is to PUNK dwight howard like jermaine o,neal did  and nobody plays well..
Road dog Red::JO..=ALL SATR
Road dog Red::Great night in BossTown sports history. Tim Thomas gives Obummer the finger and the Celtics magically stomped the bejesus out of Orlando
Jdzspace::don't forget about the Patriots 5th super bowl in 10 years.   i know it wasn't last night, but still. deserves some recognition
Andy0890::You people are just dumb..the celtics have been just awful this year and the magic are playing way better than anyone expected. It's ONE game out of 66
Jdzspace::correction: the Celtics have been awful while missing key players (Pierce for 3, and Rondo for 2). and have been terrible.   while the Celtics have struggled on defense AND on the 2nd night of back to back AND with depth and bench scoring.   and last night, on the second night of a back to back, missing 2 starters and 3 reserves. the Celtics blew out the 2nd best team in the East (record wise) by 30 while having 3rd string player (moore and bradley) playing important minutes.   I don't care what you say, that is f.cking impressive as hell!
CHughes1011::There has been so many low scoring games in the NBA so far this year.
ACandOJ::I wonder if the Magic want a re-do on that Fat Baby trade??
ACandOJ::Have you seen the Pacers record?? It was better than LA's...that wasn't an upset.  How long til the C's are .500??
Road dog Red::too late now Otis smith for GM of the year
Road dog Red::whassup partner..think the Lakers know bout them pacers now
cspalding22::What an embarrassment, I can't believe I paid money to see that last night.
michaeldave_::haha you should have figured itd be a rout, orlando faithful
RockyMountainHokie::I thought Boston was bad and Orlando was good this year?
Road dog Red::Wreal WRONG
michaeldave_::well you're wrong, chief
cowboys2up::Best Defensive Performance in NBA I've seen in a LONG TIME.
Iamtheunderdog23::Dwight Howard is still a beast, the problem is the Magic surrounded him with sheep, if Dwight Howard doesn't do it then the Magic can't get it done.
ZzTrueAznBallerZz::every superstars in the nba got to have at least 6-8 bad games &gt;=X
conlevis2::4 for 15 from your big man is pitiful.  His shots are 3 or 4 feet from the rim.
dan torell::Beast? More like a "Least" player after that game last night.
ZzTrueAznBallerZz::bad game lastnight doesnt made him " LEAST" you cannot go 20-20 games every single game!
Magicmike321::What happened last night?  I didn't get to see the game...  Was the C's defence lock down or something?
Road dog Red::Totally LOCKDOWN baby
Magicmike321::Well I was hoping for a real answer but must have forgot where I was
Magicmike321::Thank you
dan torell::don't really have an answer after they play last night. You can blame coaching staff, players, scoreboard, fans... not a lot but one person. If you have "leader" in a ball club, he should step up to get off from embarrassment. Unfortunately, no one stepped up and save the Orlando's face.
NBASantas::What happened is that Brandon Bass showed his old team what's up: http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2012/01/santas-on-right-side.html
dan torell::go down with history... ORLANDO MESS - I mean, Magic.
nba is the worst::No - it was almost like the Magic did it on purpose in the 2nd half
Jdzspace::really? can't give the C's any credit? Everything I have read (since i was at work during the game), from neutral sources (non-espn and non-Boston articles) say that the Celtics defense dominated. which was backed up by the Magic players and coaches themselves.
BlkMexMamba_CantWeAllJustGetAlong::No.. the Magic are just terrible
Magicmike321::Thanks for the indepth analysis...  You must be an ESPN "expert".  Anybody have a real answer?
NBASantas::Brandon Bass got his revenge: http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2012/01/santas-on-right-side.html
Qster15::That had to be the most pitiful game by the Magic last night... Time to clean house, starting with Otis and SVG
dan torell::Fire the Coach first!
ZzTrueAznBallerZz::FRANCHISE LOW PLUS 31 POINT BLOWOUT WTF???????  REALLY??????? PATHETIC !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pm_tex::The Celtics led 36-36 at halftime, with Pierce and Bass each scoring 13 points.  How much does these writers get paid for mistake like this? At least they had the 2nd part of that sentence right.
ZzTrueAznBallerZz::damn I  just logged on and found my Magic got ripped was celebrating Chinese new year o_O
dan torell::Orlando's magic is stunned by a leprechaun!
WddNews.com::If Howard was a great player he would be dominating games like this instead of putting up average center #s.  Who do the Celtics have at center?
openminded43::Have to get the ball UP COURT first FOOL!!!
openminded43::Howard and Hedo to NJ, Lopez, Redick and Nelson to the Suns, Gortat, Brooks and Nash to the Magic!!! There you have a nice 3 team trade!!!
Magicmike321::Personally I like the Dwight to Knicks and we get Amarie and Chandler
pm_tex::lol the Suns aren't that stupid to accept that.
Kobe_sux_kuck::The suns may be CHEAP, but they're not STUPID.
openminded43::Why??? Lopez can team with his Bro!!! Plus get a younger PG and a top shooter!!!
Puja21::why on earth would the suns do that
openminded43::OK, add Redick to the Suns in that trade!!!
dan torell::Howard to NJ? hahaha... good luck NJ!
dan torell::either if they keep williams in NJ and Howard is in there... there's no change actually. Williams attitude to Howard's messed up brain... NJ will still the same.
openminded43::It's the only way to keep Williams!!!
Dwayne_Johnson23::Orlando Magic:  http://picnicwithants.files.wordpress.com/2011/11/i-give-up.jpeg
WddNews.com::worst performance I have ever seen by an NBA team.  If Dwight Howard is the best center in the game....the center position is suffering terribly.  Some team will overpay enormously for him.
dan torell::Bad coaching... bad players... asking for trades... yup... had nothing to do with howard.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::its very clear you haven't watched much basketball. at all.
WddNews.com::I've watched and coached since the 60s.  I know the game very well.  Howard is not a great center.  Many holes in his game.  He is the best of a very weak group around the league...the weakest in NBA history by far.
openminded43::Had nothing to do with Howard!!! It was all on the PG's not getting up the floor and run an offense!!!
WddNews.com::I'm not just talking this game.  Howard is a good player...not a great player.  You're right the rest of the team was far worse than Howard...  But you do need some kind of leadership out of him as well
openminded43::Gortat last night 19 pts 17 rebounds and 3 blocks!!! Like I said, he's the second best Center!!! He was 24/12 the game before that!!! Magic should never have traded him!!!
V.TEngineer::This season there are too many 50 point games lol.
Kirk-Is-My-Hinrich::Bradley might be a 3rd string PG and he might be really bad offensively, but he's a good defender.  That's the only reason he plays, because he can defend really well.
Kirk-Is-My-Hinrich::haha, Ya I know.  I'm saying Bradley is only the 3rd string because he can play defense.
openminded43::Maybe, but with the huge majority of PG's, you can't get away with full court pressing them!!! They will burn you!!!
nba is the worst::Rondo out is the key factor
