I Will Be Victorious::Last
lakerade3224::going to the game tonight, double dose of laker lore, remembering shaq's dominance and playing for our playoff lives!
lakerade3224::live?
16_rings::kobe = goat ftw
Jimmy2997::Congrats Kobe... Credit when credit due
wolfpackattack83::just watched fredettes 49 point game vs arizona, and his 52 point game vs new mexico,  as well as the 43 point masterpiece vs the aztects. keith smart should really choke on a buck shot
wolfpackattack83::just watched fredettes 52 point game vs new mexico, 49 pnt game vs arizona, and 43 vs san diego state, on my dvr..... keith smart should really choke on a buck shot..... piece of crap c o o n
NASH_10::Holy snaps - Lakeshow actually played team D from the 2nd quarter on...if they keep up this type of defensive intensity they could turn some of the scheduled Losses to wins :) My current calculation: 43 win season
LinHardenParsons::Donaghy was right.
THA TRUTH 365::where have I seen this before
Hutchdaman::Is KB a HOF? Will he go down as one of the top 10 best players of all-time?
Lakers4lifeandbeyond::Jordan is next... Get your tissues ready Kobe haters..
NASH_10::they're calculating it will take another 35 games, so sometime early next season. How fitting it will be he passes Jordan with Phil back on the sideline coaching him :)
scottpilgrim35::2 missed calls are the only reason the Lakers didn't go 0-4 on this road trip
THA TRUTH 365::i know a win is a win, but how much more can the refs help the lakers, it's getting to be blatantly obvious that stern and the refs are pushing for the lakers to be in the playoffs.
ranfan12::So you're saying he's involved with them losing and the other teams, such as the jazz and macericks winning?
NYKWitness::Only 90 more missed field goals until Kobe passes Elvin Hayes to take sole possession of 2nd all-time career missed field goals.  It will happen this year!!
ranfan12::only 3 or 4 more seasons before he reaches karl malone's turnovers! LOL
DoctorHook66::Kobe Kobe blah blah Kobe blah blah Kobe.   Meanwhile, the Lakers suck as a team.
SLIM SHADY54::kobe es mejor que jordan
SLIM SHADY54::kobe bryant el mejor del mundo
SLIM SHADY54::los lakers los mejores del mundo
TWex2120::for the record Kobe played more minutes and more games then Jordan so if he does pass MJ dont get the statistic twisted. Jordan is and always will be the better scorer and everything else over Kobe.
Ilovechicken2::Cousin was foul by Howard! Tim Duncan got a 3-point play on a similar play against the Clippers. Kobe always gets the foul call on similar plays when he pump fake and the defender jumps up and towards Kobe, So does Melo and Paul. Stern really wants the lakers in the playoff.
Soorya43::I don't see why a center was shooting 3 threes in the final seconds anyway, and even though he kinda got fouled, he ran into Dwight
nIalsns::Howard is a BEAST
NASH_10::So was Austin's mother :)
StoneCold316SteveAustin::so was barry bonds
richardNPSE::This is a direct excerpt from Phil Jackson's book and shows Kobe's true demeanor:  “We were playing solid team ball, a rarity this season, although, as usual, Kobe seemed intent on taking over.  “Get me the f***ing ball,” he said on his way to the bench, a demand Kobe had never verbalized.  I smiled, didn’t say a word, and went to chart a play on the clipboard.  I sometimes think Kobe is so addicted to being in control that he would rather shoot the ball when guarded, or even double-teamed, than dish it to an open teammate".   Couldn't have said it better myself.
jeff050578::Its hard to argue with Phil but its even harder to argue with my eyes and I see Kobe take such low% shots while he is being double teamed all the time. I see him pass up open teammates all the time so he can finish his drive and take another low % shot. However, I believe the ultimate proof that Kobe is a selfish player are the facts. The fact is the Lakers have been a much better team the last 17 years and especially this year when Kobe shoots less than 20 times a game and when he facilitates. Kobe is not dumb. He knows they win more when he isnt a ball hog yet he continues to be a ball hog and play hero ball. For somebody who claims to be all about winning he certainly doesnt follow thru with that talk with his game play. It looks like Kobe is trying to use the rest of his career to climb up the scoring charts and pass Jordan because he knows he is not getting that 6th ring.
soulsnake::that's because Kobe is obsessed with eclipsing Jordan. he not only want to make the shots Jordan made, but he wants to take them with a degree of difficulty to add to his legacy.  if you look at the way the Lakers have been built since Kobe has been there, they have always had a dominant presence in the inside, which means there is never a need for Kobe to play hero ball all the time.  when the ball moves the scoring becomes easy.  truthfully, i think Kobe being facilitator leads to many of their problems, he makes far too many turnovers, and a smart coach like popavich will force Kobe to beat them, while keeping everyone else at bay.
diehardnr1::Have a good one guys...and   HAPPY EASTER!
jeff050578::Good Luck making the playoffs LA and good luck keeping your team in Sac Town to the Kings fans. Should be an interesting final stretch to the season. I am off but want to thank Diehardnr1 for some interesting debate. Nice to know not everyone is a troll. And good luck to your Nuggets as long as they are not playing my Dubs, which it looks like they will play in the 1st round.
diehardnr1::thanks man...same to you.   I am actually a little shocked at how quiet the Laker Nation is...I mean I show up to support my team... win or lose  Have a good one!
WarriorsWarrior::NBA IS RIGGED!  COUSINS WAS FOULED!!
ranfan12::maybe the nba being rigged is the reason why the jazz owns the tiebreak and the mavs are right behind lakers? LOL
15ccall::Why didn't jimmer play?
jeff050578::lol Classic
diehardnr1::Better question....Who would name their kid Jimmer??
j_erick11::His name is James. It is common to call some named James, Jim. So they started calling him Jimmer and it stuck with him.
jeff050578::Anyone else think D. Rose should be playing? Im not sure because I dont know all the details except that the Doctors have cleared him. I also know if it was LBJ or Kobe who was cleared to play by the Doctors, while their team was fighting for a playoff seed, they would be ripped apart by certain media members and by all the trolls. Why do you think D. Rose can get away with it when Kobe or LBJ wouldnt?
diehardnr1::maybe Rose was scared by the injury and is feeling his own mortality? If it were my career at stake I would wait til I felt 100%...regardless of what anyone else says.....You can bet Bo Jackson wishes he had listened to that inner voice...
jeff050578::If Rose was 5 inches taller he would put up the same or better stats then LBJ imo. LBJ is great and is known for filling the stat sheet in all areas. Well, if Rose was taller he would get a few extra rebounds and would be a triple double machine. I just wish he was fully healthy so any Bulls-Heat series would be that much more exciting.
diehardnr1::I think it is because of the type of person he is on and off the court....very humble and thankful for his talent... Class act and I wish him a full return when he is ready...
jeff050578::Agreed. I would wait to. I just think it is interesting how the media and trolls handle different superstars
BlindHomer::Love how these insecure Lakers haters spend most of their time posting On Lakers related articles...  LMAO
BlindHomer::Ahhhhh, How cute.. Jeff met the love of his life while trolling a Lakers related article...
jeff050578::I am here because I am a huge NBA fan and a western conference fan to be specific. Right now LA, Dallas and Utah are where the action is and there are more people to discuss basketball with in LA chat rooms.  Let me ask you something. How come when somebody has an opinion that is different than yours you call them haters. That is by far the weakest response and shows how little capability you have for actual debate.
ranfan12::You mean like how when people talk about their favorite team they are called bandwagoners if it's a winning team?  What's up with that?
diehardnr1::10 points for jeff050578 in the Rebuttal section...
diehardnr1::get over yourself....ONLY reason I am here is that Nuggets do not play for awhile and all the Clippers fans are all running to the MIA bandwagon... I actually hope LAL makes the playoffs and knock off Spurs....
jeff050578::MVP:L.James....2nd:K.D.......3rd:CP3 Defensive PoY: L.Sanders....2nd:L.James....3rd:J.Noah RoY: D. Lillard....2nd:A.Davis....3rd:B.Beal and D.Waiters 6th man:J.R. Smith...2nd:J.Jack....3rd:J.Crawford(Jack and Smith wont be as close as they should be) CoY:M. Jackson...2nd:T. Thibbs...3rd. G. Karl Most Improved: L.Sanders....2nd: J. Holliday...3rd P. George and J.J. Hickson  I am hoping all you basketball aficionado's tell me where I am wrong with my predictions
diehardnr1::6th man....JR really?  Dre Miller is more deserving plus ITS JR! (see JR Song) MVP...if definition is the player his team would fold without...going with CP3 DPOY...Not sure why you see LBJ as 3rd...good defender but is coddled by non-calls COY...gotta be Karl...no "SuperStar" help and another 50W season   I think you nailed the rest....
jeff050578::I believe it. They say what doesnt kill you only makes you stronger. The Nuggets and G. Karl must have 20 times the inner strength than they had before.
diehardnr1::lol jeff050578....you think 4 minutes of JR is bad? Try 5 YEARS of him...sigh
jeff050578::@Diehard. Why did you have to post that JR Smith song. That is 4 minutes of my life I will never get back
diehardnr1::classy!  I agree LBJ will get more votes than he deserves...the media attention is doing him no favors with non-Heat fans  ps...I do not think Dre should even be in consideration for 6th man...was just trying to prove a point about JR.   Great video huh?
jeff050578::The whole leadership thing is why I think Jack should win it or at least receive serious consideration.If Miller won it I would tip my cap to him and I wouldnt be outraged.  I am just happy we can disagree without turning into trolls like many people do in these ESPN chat rooms. In the end, it should be an interesting finish to the season, interesting playoffs and these awards should be interesting also. I wont be surprised if LBJ finished higher than he deserves to in the defensive player of the year award. The media loves him
diehardnr1::I held no allusions otherwise...lol  Not saying Dre should be 6th man candidate...just that he derserves it more than JR. When I said Dre was more deserving, I was not talking stats...I was talking about leadership and making his team better.  JR giveth and JR taketh away...  JR in a nutshell http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGT1dQHEd7E
jeff050578::My picks are a mix of my opinions and who I think the media will vote for. The media will give LBJ many Defensive PoY votes. I would have him around 5th or 6th if I was just going off of my thoughts. I am taking into account what I think should happen and what I think will happen.  I dont agree with you about Miller winning it over Smith. Smith has been playing great basketball lately scoring over 30 his last few games and averaging over 20 for the last few weeks. He has carried the Knicks the last few weeks.
Gmenftw::no one will agree with that comment..   andre is averaging 9.5 pts and 5.9 ast 3 reb with a PER of 15.88 JR is averaging 17.7 pts 2.7 ast 5.1 reb with a PER of 17.06  not even close.
roll_n_riot::JR Smith SHOULD get the 6th man of the year but won't because Crawford will get it.
jeff050578::I think Crawford should be 3rd because when CP3 doesnt play the Clips do not do well. When S. Curry doesnt play GS's production doesnt take as big of a drop. J.R. Smith and J.Jack are basically tied imo. In fact, I think Smith is actually pulling away with it because he has carried the Knicks lately.
earlealston 2.0::I think Hickson should get most improved. His game is quickly moving into "elite" territory, and that's mighty impressive for a guy everyone (ESPECIALLY the Cavs fornt office) thought was just going to be a bench warmer with 6 fouls to give. The only thing that hurts him is that he plays for the Blazers.
jeff050578::Most Improved and CoY were the hardest for me to pick because I felt there were many deserving people. JJ Hickson has improved tremendously. Only reason I picked Sanders was because his team is in the Playoffs, even though it is the East and their record is below .500 I respect your opinion and I wouldnt think anything was off if Hickson did win it. In fact, I think he might finish higher in real life than he did in my picks
roll_n_riot::George Karl got a stronger case for COY than Jackson.  Warriors have 2 almost max contract "talents" Denver has none, Denver had tougher 1st half of the season schedule than anyone in the west. 30-14 AWAY games. Denver has had the way more productive season, could possibly securing the 3rd seed
jeff050578::I do think the talent Denver has is very good. They have many very good players. They just lack that #1 guy
jeff050578::If G Karl won I wouldnt be shocked. I think all 3 coaches I named deserve it but only 1 can win. I think M. Jackson will win because of the improvement in record. GS has been a very bad team for a very long time. Like I said, G Karl deserves it just as much as anyone.
diehardnr1::Help me out Lakers fans.... Wolverines-StLCardinals-Biliken made a comment about it possibly being the first time a team with 4 future HOFers missing the playoffs.  My question is? Who is the 4th???    Kobe and Nash....definite HOFers Howard....maybe HOFer  After that I am lost....Pau? meh  RonRon? LMFAO D Antoni??? surely he jests...  Any ideas who he meant?
ranfan12::Why do you keep repeating the same thing
jeff050578::I assume they are talking about Pau. I wouldnt consider him a HoFer. I dont think he is close to being a HoFer because he has never been the best player on a good team and he never really dominated like you expect a HoFer to do.
jeff050578::lol i love how anyone who disagrees is a Hater.. Calling someone a hater is by far the WEAKEST response possible.
diehardnr1::tap tap tap crash DOH!  tap tap tap crash DOH!  my impression of a BlindHomer
BlindHomer::Gasol is a Hall of famer.. stop hating
earlealston 2.0::Pau will get in. He's the best POWER Forward the Lakers ever had (BIZARRE I know).
diehardnr1::maybe...just not seeing it....maybe a sympathy induction before he croaks...
diehardnr1::now Malone I would buy...
earlealston 2.0::Yeah.
jeff050578::They had K Malone but I assume you are talking about the actually time they played with LA
jeff050578::Im guessing he wasnt talking about Steve Blake
diehardnr1::oops...missed the "nt" part of wasn't...I am guessing he just miscounted
diehardnr1::interesting....and to think Nuggets gave up on him...not convinced though...
BXN4L::Jordan= Tom Brady Wilt = Peyton Manning  Kobe = Brett Favre
rex_coach::<b>You = Brilliance</b>
rex_coach::<b>funny ^^^</b>
rex_coach::<b>^^^^ Funny as hell.  lol</b>
diehardnr1::what rex coach said
LeBron The GOAT12::"I miss my mom."  Laker Klown Fan Wrongly Committed to Asylum
Tom_Lipovski::Kobe played 47 out of 48 minuites
LeBron The GOAT12::"I name LeBron as the GOAT, so let it be written so let it be done."  _God Almighty
jeff050578::I am not a Laker fan but I have to admit the Lakers fan base has a much higher basketball IQ then the Heat fan base. Miami sports fans are the worst. They dont support their teams unless they are playing at a championship level. The Marlins could not even sell out the W.S. When and if LeBron goes back to Cleveland Heat fans will be a thing of the past. They will just jump on another teams bandwagon.   P.S..I do realize there are true Heat fans but they are not well represented on ESPN chat rooms.
rex_coach::You must have gotten your M.B.A. from The University of Facts
LeBron The GOAT12::"We carried Kobe and his ball hogging ways to many a ring but now it is time for him to retire."  Shaq and Pau Gasol
shall5151::How did Gasol carry him? Please Explain
rex_coach::<i>Ebanks is the face of the Lakers</i>
diehardnr1::thats just wrooong....but hilarious...LIKE
LeBron The GOAT12::Howard is now face of Lakers, Kobe to retire, no longer can he hide his narcissism and shortcomings.
LeBron The GOAT12::"Please help us get released, we have made mistakes but now after psyche medications are being more realistic."  Laker Klown Fans Committed to Asylums
diehardnr1::"Please help me get my lips pried off of LBJs butt..I made a mistake after drinking the kool-aid. Please hurry...he is starting to sweat!"  -LeBron Apologists
rex_coach::<u>lmao  <i>i like this heat fan...</i></u>
LeBron The GOAT12::LATEST GOAT POLL: 1. LeBron 2. M.J. 3. Magic  28. Adam Morrison 34. Kobe  274. Carmelo
LeBron The GOAT12::Future Committee to Asylum
rex_coach::hahahaha
diehardnr1::I see you were the only one being polled...lol  MJ has 5 more rings than LBJ and is in a class all by himself
rex_coach::<b>hahaha</b>
rex_coach::<b>I love to be a hating clown  - Hating clowns</b>
diehardnr1::naw...just like to kick clowns while they are down...
jeff050578::only thing worse then a hater is someone who calls anyone who has an opposing opinion a hater
jeff050578::is that your comeback? I guess you and I are different. I wouldnt respond to somebody unless my comeback was actually funny or effective. LOL @ "Cool story bro" I hope you didnt hurt either one of the 2 braincells you have left when you came up with that witty response.
rex_coach::<b> cool story bro</b>
LeBron The GOAT12::Kobe to retire according to ESPN interview with Stephen A Smith.
jeff050578::Kobe says next season will be his last. Doesnt surprise me because he is on pace to pass MJ in points scored sometime next season. Kobe, the all time ego maniac, wants to finish ahead of MJ no matter what effect it has on the Lakers. However, anyone with an open mind and a decent basketball IQ knows Kobe is nowhere near MJ in ppg or points per shot attempt. If you dissect Kobe's stats and look at points per field goal attempt Kobe is an all time great. He is clearly a top 20 player when you dissect his stats.
diehardnr1::He should announce his retirement at end of season...and do it NOW to save LAL season.  Hey, it worked for RayRay Lewis
jeff050578::I am not in Cali. I was Born and raised in Hawaii. Maybe that explains my objectivity.
diehardnr1::Gee...there are a few rational NBA fans in California....I take it all back
jeff050578::At least our 2 favorite teams are young and upcoming.  The Nuggets and the Warriors should be in the playoffs for the foreseeable future. Both teams could really make some noise if their players develop right and if they add 1-2 key players.
diehardnr1::sadly for my Nuggets I agree...would be funny to see SAS be the first #1 seed to lose in first round twice.
jeff050578::You are right. They have nothing to lose. I even hope they make the playoffs because the NBA playoffs are just better when LA is in it
diehardnr1::true...but what do they have to lose at this point...besides 30M albatross contract?
jeff050578::I think you nailed it. I doubt it will work with LA because of age and injuries and the fact hey will be playing the Spurs in a 7 game series, if they even make the playoffs.
PoorLakers::Amnesty Kobe
diehardnr1::Colorado prosecutors already did...
diehardnr1::Lakers beat a Lottery Team! Next stop NBA Finals!! - LaLas Homers  Lakers suck! -True Lakers basketball fans
rex_coach::<i>you rock dude</i>
rex_coach::<u>lol</u>
diehardnr1::and you aint so bad for a Heat fan yourself
FrankOcean24::What if I told you the brick mamba is #1 all time in missed shots,   Espn 5 for 30   The Kobe bryant story
PoorLakers::Cuban was right: Amnesty Kobe , it would be the best move the Lakers would make. For 30 mil you can get 3 players to give you 3 times what kobe gives
Wolverines_STLCardinals_Billikens::What if I told you:  It WAS  possible to miss the playoffs with 4 future HOFs. The biggest disappointment in NBA history-the 2012-2013 LA Lakers.
diehardnr1::Well I was close...I said LAL would not be a Top 4 West team....but that was before I knew D antoni was coming...  While looking great on paper, the SuperStars all play different types of BBall...and then add a non-D coach to a team that should thrive as a D power...and you get the 2012-2013 Lakers  btw   who is the 4th future HOFer? I get Nash and Kobe...kinda get Howard...but who else?? Surely not Pau
diehardnr1::and if you say RonRon Metta piece of crap I will just pass out from laughter
Axe Radio::Pau Gasol gets 10 assists and 2 rebounds!  I think L.A. has found a new point guard!
Gentry3455::Good win for the Lakers. Kobe with 14 assists. He needs to keep passing the ball for them to win
Twinsbaseball8791::And 5/18 shooting. Terrible.
digimon.emperorv1::brick city brick brick city
