Logic::GS ran out of time. Once they stopped turning the ball over Dallas can not play with them. Bogut needs to become a bigger part of the offense. They need to design more post plays for this guy as there are no double teams coming with GS's outside shooting. Run a deep iso and let Bogut roll to the rim or kick out if a second defender comes. This guy has good hands inside and should be able to average 15 a game. That will open up the offense and take pressure off the outside shooters to score 25 every game.
A::And I thought Warriors will be one of the top teams this year. Oh well, looks like just making the playoff will be good.
PKM::A lot of the Warriors players need to play better. Curry can't be turning it over so much.
Seattle Blows!::i'm not giving up on the warriors. i still think they're a no. 3-5 seeded team when healthy.  long season, but what needs to be done:  -iggy needs to get healthy -commit less turnovers -sorry, but Lee and Curry are horrible at D. if they can only play just a little better would be great -bench is just horrible, as soon as iggy is back, bench will be stronger with barnes -jackson is not a good coach in my opinion. there have been MANY games where he doesn't call T when opponents are on a run and Dubs can't score -when you're open, square up, take the freakin shot!  go Dubs.
Jay Jay::Igoudala, their second best player, is injured and out. How would your team be without its second best player??
Anton::GSW is overrated as usual because of their fan-friendly offense style. Ellis shoots 2-16 and Mavs still won ...GSW will not beat OKC, Clippers, Grizz or Spurs with this form.
Seattle Blows!::i wish there was a way to merge jermaine's D with Lee's scoring into one super power forward.
Thought Criminal::Nothing more enjoyable than a Golden State loss
Steven McCormick::See what I mean . . . . Curry and the GSW are starting to get sloppy . . . all they have to do is slow the pace down . . . they can win this.
fup duck::clearly Barnes is not ready for the big time just yet
