Bogartmon::Whatever happened to Kratsov? Is he hurt, why does'nt he play? Maybe twin towers and Maxiell as small forward would work in the starting line-up. Also reiterating: Jerebko and Daye and Kratsov could all be fresh, if  coach was smart, on back-to-back days, maybe shake up the rotation? It worked for inserting Singler.
Bogartmon::Pistons tired? Why not play Jerebko and Daye, and English? They're all decent players, better than guys with tired legs!
Arbyrick::16 of the first 22 games on the road for the Nuggets so an 11-11 record not too bad.....
69durango::Eventually, Chandler and Mosgov may be traded for an expiring contract and a top 8 draft pick.  Mozzy needs to be showcased to pull that off, as will Chandler, if he ever heals.  Outside chance Iggy will be traded if it looks like he's going to bolt.  In which case we may keep Chandler.
69durango::Actually I like what GK is doing with the 3 Amigos.....about a third of the game for each.  It keeps them fresh and free from injury.  Also, McGee needs a solid year of good coaching and upping his BB IQ and then he may assert himself as the #1 and play 30 mins per game.
69durango::It took the Broncos 6 games or 37.5 % of the season to jell with all the changes. &nbsp; 37.5 % of 82 games is 30-31 games for the Nuggets. Be patient my friends. &nbsp; Also, many have mentioned the heavy road schedule which will of course reverse itself. 22 of first 32 on the road, probably worst ever.  18-14 would be great under all these circumstances.
savannahGA1969::I started using this betting system a couple months back called Sportsbettingstar. I doubled my starting balance my first month and made almost $3,000 my 2nd month using this system. If you search google for sports betting systems you can find this system on the first page of Google.
Loves_2_Jacket::The Memphis Grizzlies are going to devour the Denver Chicken Nuggets (with plum sauce) on Friday.
Seskatchewan::Zbo IS hungry. Have you seen his fat?
Trivial Psychic::If you want to play with the meaning of Nuggets, it definitely needs to involve the chronic, seeing as Amendment 64 took effect  yesterday.     Also, didn't Randolph get in trouble over weed a few years ago? If anything he would smoke the Nugs.
Trivial Psychic::Just like they did at home, right?
Loves_2_Jacket::The Chicken Nuggets will be dipped in Ranch jalapeno sauce then devoured whole. Z-Bo is hungry
Loves_2_Jacket::The Denver Chicken Nuggets are one of the most disappointing teams of the first quarter of the season
Trivial Psychic::They've spent pretty much the whole season on the road, nobody has had a schedule start off this road heavy since the 85-86 Bulls.  (who somehow made the playoffs despite losing 50 games)  Check back after January, which the Nuggs spend almost completely at home.
lol at xavier::Are we seriously comparing nuggets centers still? 1. Mcgee (off the bench b/c of asthma and works better with miller) 2. Koufos (better footwork and better defense than mozzy 3. Not mozzy, he has no offensive game whatsoever.  Randolph maybe? 4.  Mozzy by default.
lol at xavier::detroit dave93 - That's OK Pistons, hell of an effort for a tired team. No your not going to win the NBA Finals this year, but your fans will stay with you, because we see a very good team down the road a ways, and so do you. It will take a little time, but you will have our support.  _________ Muhf*cka the palace was desolate tonight!
Icterus Galbuli::Just curious why a team obviously going nowhere this year continues to play (and receive mediocre performances from) guys in their 30's and leave some young players with potential "riding the pine"  ...any one know what the Piston management is thinking?
NuggetsFanInKC::ughhh theyre re.tarded?
ZennMasterLurch::I just realized Charlie V has a player option for another 8 mil plus next year........crud.....how can you sleep at night Charlie?  PS it does look like you have cancer
Mr. Bradford::Good win
MogusMaximus::Dear ESPN,  I'm not going to watch a 30 second commercial to watch a few second recap.  Sincerely,  Everyone
274Kelvin::Although I loved the win, I was sort of disappointed Mcgee didn't play a big part down the stretch...
274Kelvin::I think he outweighs his bonehead plays with plenty of dunks and blocks...
NuggetsFanInKC::ya until he proves he can play a whole game without a series of idiotic plays he will stay riding the pine
jayeteee::19 -20 minutes, that's all we usually get from him.
washheightsboy3::11-11 isn't that bad considering 16 of 22 were on the road.  Hang in there until January, fellas.
kidcudibrother::lol 3-12 for iguodala(iguoDODO)
Atletico89::he hasnt fit in with this team at all
trademarktaz::The Pistons need to scrap this team and build around Drummond, or else be stuck as a mediocre team for years like Denver. Greg Monroe and Brandon Knight are not leading this team to another championship.
codythegoat::What's up with Kenneth Faried? Hasn't been playing too well lately..
jayeteee::Teams are onto him. They know he's a monster on the boards and they're not afraid to foul him 'cause he sucks at the foul line. He'll figure it out.
codythegoat::That sucks. He's been stinking it up in fantasy lately after being such a beast for the first 5 weeks. Hopefully he regains his game.
wassermelone_kittah::I know Lawson's line, but how did he look tonight? Confident?
jayeteee::He was solid in all phases, passing the ball, shooting, defending, and rebounding.
Elways Friend Tebow::That's my question also. Could not watch the game.
vusani::Attaboy Coach Frank!  The whole roster basically has a plus/minus of 0 or negative.  That means you have no one on your team, that you're at least willing to play, who can make a positive difference...but keep running out the same guys.
TigerMichLion111::WTF!!! Pistons started out up 21-4??? Omg...
jayeteee::Goes w/ the cliche',"It's not how you start, it's how you finish."
trademarktaz::The Pistons roster was built to suck, they would be the worst team in the league right now if other teams didn't get injured besides the Kings who are just horrible. The Pistons will bounce back though their future is looking good, and Miami is going to win the next couple of titles anyways,
JimDetroitFan95::If this record continues, Frank will be gone regardless of fault.  The Pistons underachieve on a regular basis.  I agree that Drummond should see more playing time, even as a rookie.
Detroit Everything::I guess that would be the first step. I personally would like to see Frank do well, and have a turn around compared to last year, but I just don't know what the problem is. Is he stubborn? Prideful? Apathetic?   Is there Frustration from Gores? I think there should be. Especially because of attendance. Drummond is easily the most exciting thing on the team, so I would think that would generate eagerness to go to the games.
JimDetroitFan95::Playing at home in front of a hand full of fans is pathetic, but if you win games consistently (did I use that word again) it will bring in the fans, not fancy half time performers........  I get frustrated watching them, so I have to believe the owner is as well.
Ty_Lawson.::<sup>hi</sup>
Old Fish 01::Wow Ty_Lawson you are a terrible magician
Old Fish 01::WhEn ThE cOrN hAs GrOwN tHe CaT wIlL dAnCe A lOvElY jIg!!!!!!!
detroit dave93::That's OK Pistons, hell of an effort for a tired team. No your not going to win the NBA Finals this year, but your fans will stay with you, because we see a very good team down the road a ways, and so do you. It will take a little time, but you will have our support.
Old Fish 01::Shut it Detroit Everything
Detroit Everything::make me
Detroit Everything::they just said 8th loss where we had a double digit lead. Today we had a 17 point lead.
tom55011::How can you put together a team this bad and still keep your job? At this point i just hope they move this garbage team to another state.
Trivial Psychic::That is pretty much how I feel about the Rockies.  Does Detroit have room for a second team?
tom55011::it's a true comment. They are brutal to watch and it won't change for along time.
Detroit Everything::ridiculous comment.
phattybumbum::What if Denver kept AAA and turiaf.  Gave away mozzy or koufous.
MMostek4::Koufous is awful. Should trade him as soon as possible.
jayeteee::I disagree, he plays hard. Yeah, he lacks some skills, but you have to admit Mozgov isn't any better. Both are young and should improve as their tenure progresses.
dwade grater den jordan::Perdicshuns for the Rest of NBA seson   1. Dwight has 2 get traided or LA looses 30-40 games, lol @ loss 2 cavs 2. NUGETS make turnaround, compeate 4 3rd in WC 3. knicks will go cold and be 5th seed in ec 4. DURENT becoming GOAT under wade and lbj  5. HEAT win all H games, win finals after sweep in ecf    just my 2 sense tho take it or leave it
Tjakes12::predictions are about as bad as your spelling.
phattybumbum::Leave it.
phattybumbum::Watching turiaf with the clippers.  Why didn't Denver keep him?
dwade grater den jordan::i made a new list 2day
Detroit Everything::Frank sucks
Jrfusion08::Frank lost the game... need to manage players better... up 17 in the first should always equal a easy win
JimDetroitFan95::The players lost the game, not Frank!
Detroit Everything::How will we know what we have in English and Middleton if they never play? It makes no sense, there is nothing to lose! Literally!
JimDetroitFan95::Detroit Everything - A different coach would play our only C with our best PF consistently. A different coach wouldn't leave our pure shooters on the bench the entire season. A different coach wouldn't keep playing Maggette nearly as many minutes despite no production, ever.   Look at Stuckey's last 5 games  http://espn.go.com/nba/player/gamelog/_/id/3235/rodney-stuckey  We have no pure shooters, but playing Drummond more would help I agree.
Detroit Everything::A different coach would play our only C with our best PF consistently. A different coach wouldn't leave our pure shooters on the bench the entire season. A different coach wouldn't keep playing Maggette nearly as many minutes despite no production, ever.   Look at Stuckey's last 5 games  http://espn.go.com/nba/player/gamelog/_/id/3235/rodney-stuckey
JimDetroitFan95::Stuckey excelled tonight, but not consistently over the course of the season.  Frank has tried many different things, but the players have not been consistent.  A different coach would yield the same result with the same roster imo.
Detroit Everything::how many losses does it take to make changes? The only change he made came at one of the players requests, and Stuckey is currently excelling in his new role. Jim, I am 100% sure you can do a better job than Frank.
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::Lawson played great tonight. 26, 7, 5, 4 and 0 turnovers.  Good stuff.
JustineS04::Agreed. But how did that pass out of bounds not count as a TO?
dwade grater den jordan::he didnt even screw up pass @ last second. he is turnin around
iamjohnelwayjr::I'm torn on the Nuggets so far.....500 record....but 16 road games against some good teams...
MMostek4::A coach that needs to be fired?? Are you smoking crack? Why would u fire George karl? give them time. Wilson Chandler will come back and be a big help. And they need to trade Kosta or at least not start him. They are still getting to know each other. Just last year they had Nene, AA, Harrington quite possibly 3 of our top 5 players. Give it time
phattybumbum::Don't be.  You got it right.  When home advantage come in January.  We going to be red hot.
Drle5761::It's hard to be fan of a solid playoff team like Denver or Atlanta in the East. You see some goods in those teams and except something more, but it's hard to admit that they are not championship teams. And they already acustomed you to a solid record and good play so you can't actually value the fact that they are not Bobcats or Wizards.
dwade grater den jordan::and both never get high draft pics
RockyMountainWay1::No chemistry and a coach that needs to be fired
RockyMountainWay1::I like my own comments too :)
dwade grater den jordan::no d 2
dwade grater den jordan::nugs will be a force 2 wreckon wit come playoff time
YoungJazzIsBuiltToKill::Did you just say playoffs ?
dwade grater den jordan::but u go to utah univsity
YoungJazzIsBuiltToKill::Nope ! I live in New York.
dwade grater den jordan::i bet ur mormon!
YoungJazzIsBuiltToKill::you are extremely funny.
dwade grater den jordan::u live in UT?
dwade grater den jordan::nugs &gt; jazz  FACT
YoungJazzIsBuiltToKill::lol
dwade grater den jordan::no nugs shud be up wit okc and SA soon
RockyMountainWay1::hes being sarcastic, and hes a troll.
Manimal 35::6 home games, 16 away games.........500 record
Mile Fly 23::McGee needs to be a starter
MMostek4::kosta is awful you are right. But even if Mcgee comes off bench Mozgov should be starting. Mozgov played 11 minutes and was +11 Kosta played 17 minutes and was -10. Im sorry but the plus/minus doesnt lie even tho most people dont look at it anymore
NuggetsFanInKC::lets not get ahead of ourselves here ha
TheJTram::Well, at least the Pistons battled on the boards, but we still have many flaws to work on. Good game and have a good one
Jrfusion08::Brandon Knight has to work on his perimeter defense... 24 to Janero Pargo against Cleveland, 25 to Jrue Holiday and now 26 to Ty... just seems to be getting destroyed out there on defense
YoungJazzIsBuiltToKill::Good Win Nuggets :)
csallstar11::get outta here $lut
YoungJazzIsBuiltToKill::Wow !! you should get some likes for that comment .....good job :)
Mile Fly 23::lawson showed up big tonight...bout time he gets out of that early season slump
ryanvdonk::its pretty crazy how just him having a good night keeps the team in the game, when he's off we need like 4 others to have it going
nugsavsroxbroncs::I love seeing people lose money on betting.
manimalthebeast::That is a negative attitude
Drle5761::well, how about us who covered Denver? :)
cjoconn82::no brainer
cjoconn82::they'll love watching the broncos lose in the playoffs too...but thanks for the $$ nuggets tonight
ryanvdonk::depends on their seed, broncos will win 1 if they're the 3 or 4, probably will get beat in the second round, but really depends on the matchup as they have a shot in a shootout.
csallstar11::good point lol
cjoconn82::lions fans exist?
csallstar11::how bout them Lions?
NuggetsFanInKC::makes me smile :)
KThumm90::Faried + Monroe + Lawson on my fantasy team = annoying roller coaster
Boogie Down ProductionS::Denver misses Afflalo. He's a better jump shooter than Iggy.
iamjohnelwayjr::It's been 22 games....he played 677 games in Philly....
RockyMountainWay1::Agreed, Iggy has been a bum during his time here
NuggetsFanInKC::ahhh the days of afflalo... fit into the denver system alot nicer than iggy does
ryanvdonk::his defense wasn't good though, slow feet
colorado ryan 15::get the win, back to .500 and on to Minnesota  tomorrow. gg Detroit
AboutDatLife::What teams are considered to have the best fans on this board?
csallstar11::well ya I mean those are all average teams at best, not a whole lot to cheer about
AboutDatLife::I've found that the Warriors, Kings, and Rockets have intelligent, friendly fans.
Patreeky::Broncos
ryanvdonk::not even close, haha
Manimal 35::not the wolves
YoungJazzIsBuiltToKill::Whose that Jazz fan ?
TheJTram::Oh yeah I forgot bout that troll....nvm gonna go with Warriors then
RockyMountainWay1::Jazz fans SUCK
JustineS04::Not the Jazz. They have that one dude.
TheJTram::Im debating between the Warriors or Jazz. They seem like a nice bunch
jbpicks4u::dam
JimMoss360::wow, you are a world class $@%!$@%
jbpicks4u::already finished and have a solid job and a steady income but thanks for the advice lol
jbpicks4u::2nd half nugs got me a push
cjoconn82::good way to get vigged into oblivion
csallstar11::go back to school and get a real job
cjoconn82::dude you bet on the pistons, what do you expect
csallstar11::speak english
nugsavsroxbroncs::loser
Manimal 35::i still want Karl fired
RockyMountainWay1::agreed
