cccrew::Go Kings!
Road dog Red::Doc's lassez-faire attitude toward practice might extend  their game minutes, but his lack of diligence in developing young players  is KILLING Garnett and Pierce..  A storm is brewing. and if this losing streak continues beyond 10 games, which is possible, either Ainge of Rivers could be on the way out. and it wont be undeserved
Road dog Red::The two best players on the team are the two oldest players on the team. Can any one expect two 35 plus guys to carry the team. The problem is in what they been surrounded with, Wilcox, Colins, Green, Lee, Terry. Danny has dropped the ball for the last three years and the holes in the Celtics team armor are getting larger
Road dog Red::rajon Rondo is less of an enigma and more of a problem now.. he can't creat his own shot, he won't shoot it unless forced his inability to overcome crisis moments force the reality of what he is upon us. Underneath all that flash and behind all that sizzle.. the emperor is underwhelmingly naked.. and its not a pretty sight
Road dog Red::Sullinger doesn't have the mental toughness to be very good... he's soft around the middle in more ways than one... mommy babied him and it shows
Road dog Red::all three of the aforementioned guys like commitment...  but Jeff green stands out as almost Royce White like... he doesn't even care the tide of opinion is changing on him.. and chalks it up to the zealousness of fandom and NOT his lack of a need to compete.. Jeff would rather collect you ticket stub or sell you popcorn at a movie theater than play basketball
Road dog Red::Courtney Lee does NOT have a special talent of any kind... he does a lot.. bit none of VERY well...main thing i've noticed ..he's a slasher who has lost his initial quickness
Road dog Red::Jason terry's skills have eroded...in hindsight giving Jamaal Crawford a four year deal would have been GENIUS..
Road dog Red::The biggest PROBLEM with the Celtics.. their new STAR in the making rather work needle point than play basketball.. that right.. Jeff Green is the black Darko Milicic... he's ONLY playing basketball because he's tall
Road dog Red::Hey Celtics HAPPY NEW YEAR... and yer going to need it after a lot of happiness to make up the the shizz egg you laid this year....
TexasLonghorns247::Still, the Celtics are willing to take the gamble, according to another league source, and embrace the challenge of keeping Cousins on the right path. But if Petrie can't add any payroll, it's hard to see a scenario with Boston that would be enticing for the Kings, unless they're enamored with rookies Jared Sullinger or Fab Melo as centerpieces of a deal.   Including guard Avery Bradley might get a conversation going, but the Cs love Bradley's two-way game and have imagined him a cornerstone of their rebuild; Bradley's rapid development the second half of last season before his shoulder injuries put him on the shelf in the playoffs made it much easier for Boston to absorb Ray Allen's departure.
TexasLonghorns247::We built something here, I’m not living in the past or nothing, but the reason why guys came back and made additions to this team is because of what we built here. We’ve been known to defend. For some reason we’ve gotten away from that, so we’ve got to go back to our origins and figure it out. I told y’all (Saturday) night, these are the times when you’re going to see who really wants it, who really is willing to work to change this.   These are dog days. This is when you really see who’s with you right now. You know, ain’t nobody cheering. Ain’t no lights on us right now. And I love this right here, because this is when all the plastic people melt. So we’ve all got to look at ourselves in the mirror, including myself, and try to figure out what I can do better to help this team. -KG
PhillyDawg99::Not sure why KG was mad with Ray Allen leaving...at least he saw the Celtics' time was over.
elibird54323::A guy you wouldn't want in a foxhole with you --&gt; PhillyDawg99
elibird54323::Wait, wait here's a better one: PhillyDawg99: "Well when he pulled the gun I knew it was over. It was either me or little Billy. It's not my fault he had short legs!"
NY NBK Far Superior----::The Celtics are bums. This is what you get for trolling the Knicks board when we lost.
Super__Nobody::"Not worried," "Don't panic," "Celtics were X-X after Y games last year, and X-X after Y games in 2010 too..."  If you can't see the difference this year, look more closely. This team is done. Blow it up and rebuild, and see you in 3 years.
elibird54323::They don't have a history of coming back in 3 years. Last time I checked when the team was done it took them about 20 years to become relevant again!......lmao
Finding Bigfoot::Not worried.  Last year 14-17  Just more of the same.
Rondo Hondo::!st off it's time for Green to start and maybe PP come off the bench. 2nd paying C Lee 20 mil forn 4 years was stupid. 3rd it is not time to panic,I think after this month we will have the whole team back and then players will settle into roles.. Bass needs to play and stop thinking every time he touches the ball.Rondo has been dribbling without purpose for about 20 seconds and then pass,pass and take a twenty foot fade away with time running out on the 24 is no way to run an offense.
Vjo33::I think the defense has just lost a step. It's too early to talk trade and player movement. In fairness I don't think I have ever seen a C's season where the opponents have been so on fire offensively. Not sure what the percentage is but it just seems like the shots are raining in for the opponents. Tough shots too! And from scrub teams! Hopefully Bradley can help soon.
dog_has_fleas::The C's didn't give him the 20 million and the only reason people are complaining is becaue he is struggling right now. The trade was based on the fact that he shot 40% from 3 the last 2 years, and they traded away scrap for him. You never know what you will get but 5 million for a guy who was 40% from 3 def wasn't a terrible thought contract.
CubicleJoe::the window has closed.  last year i thought the C's had one more run in them.  not so much this time.
dog_has_fleas::I thought last year was nice for the fans, but that they overperformed in the playoffs. Nice for the fans to see but bad for business.
TexasLonghorns247:::)
ThatsGoodSoup7963::The Celtics make me sad lately.
Dave6673::The Celtics should resign KG to a 3 year 36 million dollar deal because he has a lot left in the tank. I mean his interior defensive presence last night was unbelievable, Sacramento couldn't get near the paint! It must have been the 6 point high he was coming off of the previous game!
dog_has_fleas::Don't post bad comments trying to sound clever. Could you imagine how bad off they would have been without him? I never agreed with the money but KG isn't their problem here.
john28292::Bridge Year!  I don't know if Theo Epstein invented the term but does seem like the right title for what is happening with both the  Sox and the Celtics. I do worry about how long the bridge will take to build. The last bridge took seventeen years to build. One big question - can Fab Melo be a legit NBA center? I don't see the Celtics finding out this year so will he be ready next year???. I know Jeff Green just came off a life threatening medical experience but he is like the proverbial "box of Chocolates"  My bet is that mid-February Danny evaluates what can be accomplished this year's team but more importantly what is best for next three years. We will have to wait and see.
mudcreekmark::Fab Melo wasn't a very good college player. What makes you think he will be a good pro player?
BearJWS::Fab sMelo was just a shot blocker in a zone at Cuse.  That's the only quality thing he did. He couldn't score at 7ppg or rebound 5 rpg.  The Celtics aren't going to sit in a zone to accomodate sMelo and his man to man is non existant.  They were stupid to draft this guy to begin with, and with them being desperate for a Center, that speaks volumes.  If he can't get minutes ahead of J.Collins and newly signed D-League player Jarvis Varnardo, then that is also a big clue.   He's also supposedly very lazy too. This from his former college coach.
dog_has_fleas::He was a good defensive presence in the middle, that is really all they need. Someone to get big in the middle next to KG, Right now they are relying on undersized guys like Bass and Green and a very bad player in Collins. I think their best option might be to put KG back at the 5 and have Sully at the 4. Put Green back at the 3 even if it is off the bench.
Dave6673::Collins can't play center in the NBA ever
john28292::Plenty of time for that. If Celtics fade into below .500 play you will see Melo in March and April.
dog_has_fleas::I would hope so. Like I said, if I had the choice between Collins and Melo, I would just go with the kid, let him learn from playing.
john28292::Dog - because I believe Melo can't  play center in the NBA right now and the Celtics knew that when they drafted him.
dog_has_fleas::Well i could agree but I am just saying, if you are going to give minutes to a guy, why not to a guy who is part of the future of the team? I mean 15 minutes to develop a guy is better than having him sit on the bench and learn nothing.
dog_has_fleas::My question, why play Collins over Melo?
justsayyeah7::Not looking good for the C's.  Memphis is next and they will probably lose that one.  Heck, they might not win again until Phoenix.  And Phoenix is a maybe at this point.
hi haterss::i love to see those dirty old players in a position to lose .
hi haterss::i love to see a bunch of sorry Celtics fans crying.   c's are just old dirty players. F######  them. .   .
john28292::Identity Crisis - To start the season the Celtics wanted to play small figuring that with Jason Terry, Jeff Green and Courtney Lee they would have more fire power coming off the bench and more options for Rondo's passing. However, these three offensively have been unsure when to shoot or pass and defensively totally ineffective. Before the Brooklyn game they decided to try playing big with Jason Collins starting and Brandon Bass coming off the bench but as soon as they go to bench they still need to play small.  So time to look at options outside the players on the team. I was intrigued by the DeMarcus Cousin to Boston trade discussions. Boston needs an inside presence but could not find a discussion about what Boston would have to give up in return. I would assume discussion would start with at least Fab Melo and Jeff Green
shadyogrady1313::RONDO and MELLO for TYREKE EVANS and DEMARCUS COUSINS
dog_has_fleas::I doubt that would ever be offered though it is intriguing.
john28292::Your probably right!
dog_has_fleas::Oh I know I am bro, the second their were issues all I heard were C fans saying they would take him and looking at their roster, their isn't anyone outside of Rondo that they would want.
dog_has_fleas::The only discussion that took place were delusional fans thinking they could trade spare parts for Cousins.
BearJWS::Shoulda made more of an effort to sign Ray Allen, instead of making him feel unwanted.  They are missing that consistant outside shooter &amp; scoring presence.
john28292::Would Celtics defense be better with Bradley playing absolutely but this team savior stuff has me a little crazy. When did Avery Bradley morph into Magic Johnson?
dog_has_fleas::I don't think it makes him a savior but think about how much better off they would be with Terry doing what he does best, coming off the bench.
roastbeafman87::I'm just not sure they will go anywhere with the same old (no pun intended) team. Sure, they won a championship in '08, but they haven't won one since. And if you can't win a championship (I don't think this team can), then why keep them together any longer?
dog_has_fleas::What are you talking about? Just because he hasn't missed games doesn't mean he hasn't been hurt. His body has gotten worse and worse the past few years, again, they offered what they thought he was worth at his age and production. Your first comment was they should have made more of an effort to sign him, what about that did I get wrong?   And you did 10 years coaching in the NBA? Man you must be more intelligent than me. Except the part where I know you didnt. I have coached, reffed an played, doesn't make my comment any more valid if I cite opinion instead of fact. And If Bradley is better off of the bench, why was he the starter in the playoffs until he go hurt?
BearJWS::Yes, Ray hurt his ankle badly last year and he still played in the playoffs with ankle pain.  That is not an indication of bein unreliable &amp; constantly injured.  He's been pretty injury free the 4 years prior.  I never said pay him more, nor did I indicate. More of an effort was about respect. Not trying to trade him or replace him constantly like they did. Courtney Lee is only a bench player.  If anything, they overpaid for Lee. Lee got more money ($20 mil) than the Celtics offered Allen ($12 mil).  When you start insulting others, expect to be insulted back.  And I'll take my 10 plus years of coaching &amp; reffing basketball over anything you've ever done.  Yes, defense is poor, which wouldn't be Ray's fault. He's not that bad.  They are lacking a consistant 3rd scorer, which Ray is/was.  Bradley is not a consistant offensive player. He's a defensive specialist. He's ideal to bring off the bench.   Defense was poor on Rondo's part by letting Thomas/Freddette go off.  Ray, nor Bradely would have been guarding them.
dog_has_fleas::When you resort to sad little jokes instead of facts, that is when you know you are on the wrong end of the conversation. Ray Allen couldn't guard anyone and was going to be expected to start. Their main issue as evidenced by just losing to the Kings, they can't guard anyone right now. So bring back Ray Allen who has had trouble staying healthy and watch guys go past him while he averages 11 points a night, does that sound like the way to fix the team? Why not just add depth to the team and wait until Bradley gets healthy which is the route they decided to take. That way Bradley starts and Terry comes off of the bench to score. That way when you take out guys or they take themselves out of games with techs, that you have a bench threat. Yeah I clearly don't know ANYTHING about basketball.
dog_has_fleas::By saying they needed to make more of an effort to sign him, you basically said overpay him. He wasn't and isn't worth the money the Heat gave him to the team when they needed to upgrade depth. They did need to replace him as evidenced over the last couple of years, he is constantly hurt. While he would have been well worth the money if he was healthy, why pay more than you think you should for a guy that you can't count on to stay healthy? In Miami he can take it easy knowing that he is the first man off the bench, not the guy you are going to have play 40 minutes a night. And when they traded for Lee you do realize he was coming off of back to back 40% 3 point shooting right?
BearJWS::And you still have no clue "dog"... Time to buy a flea collar!
roastbeafman87::Oh sorry.
dog_has_fleas::My comment was at BearJWS
BearJWS::Where did I say over pay him?  Please show me exactly where, fool?  I said make him feel unwanted.  If you happened to be in the "know", Ray took less than 1/2 the amount of money to sign with Miami, than Boston offered.  Money was not the issue, it's that the Celtics were trying to replace him over the past 2 seasons when they had no need to do so.  Ray's having a very good year with Miami.  The deal for Courtney Lee backfired big time!  In fact, they traded E'Twaun Moore for Lee, of which is Moore is having a MUCH better season than Lee is.  They would be much better if Ray Allen is still on the team.   Facts are facts!  Buy a clue, you obviously have no clue about basketball. Go back to Pre-School!
roastbeafman87::dog_has_fleas - So toss all of their money at Ray and wait for bradley to get healthy and meanwhile have no one to back up Ray Allen, are you thinking at all before you post anything?  What? When did I say they should get Ray back? That's the opposite of what I said.
dog_has_fleas::So toss all of their money at Ray and wait for bradley to get healthy and meanwhile have no one to back up Ray Allen, are you thinking at all before you post anything?
BearJWS::Just look at the difference this year, compared to last year.  Who took the Heat to 7 games last year?  Imagine if Allen &amp; Bradley were healthy? Outcome could have been different.
dog_has_fleas::Pretty sure the issue was not giving all of their money to Ray so they could improve the team.
dog_has_fleas::If they had been able to bring back Ray Allen that wouldn't have improved their team? Hmm. Kind of odd that I would use logic there.
BearJWS::So Courney Lee &amp; Jason Terry improved their team?  Stop!  Total down grade.
roastbeafman87::Time to dismantle this Boston team.
seniorgong::Let's face it, the Celtics are missing something or someone. The problem is not Doc Rivers...let's just get that out the way. Is that missing something confidence and energy? maybe who the hell knows. One thing we can all agree on is they better figure this shi* out fast...i'm ready to hit the panic button, just not in the way the Lakers or Brooklyn did. any thoughts?
dog_has_fleas::Well the Lakers did the right thing getting rid of a coach who wanted an overcomplicated system, though I am not sure why they selected D'Antoni. I don't think they should have hired Phil to be a part time coach but I am still kind of wondering about that coaching selection.  Now with the C's, like I said, evaluate how you want to go about having Pierce and Garnett on the team. Trading KG shouldn't be a big deal, heck trade him to Minny for his swan song there. But find out if Pierce is going to keep playing and if he can do so at a high level to help the team win.
razzledazzletj81::I liked IT more last year than this year, he's turning into a stat stuffer. Case in point; passing to Honeycutt as time expired to avoid a TO on his statline. He let Honeycutt, a guy trying to stay on the team, take the fall. Not cool at all.
seniorgong::just a shame to see a once ELITE team decline before your eyes. Also a shame to see Players "on the rope" at the end of their career. I remember when Paul Pierce was "money in the bank" from the free throw line.
dog_has_fleas::Dude scored 20 in 25 minutes, isn't like he is hurting the team.
seniorgong::100% agree with you and you answered the question in my latest comment also lol. yea they have some decisions to make to get their house in order
dog_has_fleas::The team didn't lose because of Pierce and I still don't believe they lose because of him. An inefficient and inconsistent bench is the start of problems. I honestly think once Bradley is back and Terry is back to holding up the bench, they will be back to at least a passable team. However i still think they need to evaluate the team this offseason like finding out if Pierce and/or Garnett plan on retiring. I know no C's fan wants to see one of the all-time great C's leave but if he isn't retiring and they aren't winning, got to send him away and build for the future.
seniorgong::The team lost! and I'm referring to an old Paul Pierce vs a hobbling Paul Pierce who looks like an old man out there. He's known as "the truth" but these days it's all lies
_I Am A Celtic_::Just pathetic.  At what point can we start to look at Doc for this team's problems?
seniorgong::at no point! Celtics would be foolish to get rid of Doc. Brooklyn just got rid of Avery but Doc is an elite Coach in this league, a proven coach a championship coach. If they get rid of Doc anytime soon....other teams will be tripping over themselves to get him. St the top of the list would be Brooklyn Nets
seniorgong::lol great idea
_I Am A Celtic_::Oh I'm definitely not saying we get rid of him. Just don't think he should go completely free.  Oh well, hopefully things turn around with AB back
dog_has_fleas::I have an idea, yes lets have the C's let Doc go. Then he can go coach up the immature Kings team if people are so bent on getting rid of Coach Smart.
dog_has_fleas::Its Docs fault that the team is a combination of players that are too old and players that are too young as well? I say blame the front office for wanting to hold onto the team for one more year and then watch Ray Allen walk away.
ChargersFan4Life001::gn BC, going to bed
DT_Cetics_02::I feel like Rondo, AB, Jeff Green, Sully, and KG would be awesome.
shadyogrady1313::who would score..........clowns
ChargersFan4Life001::that would make for great inside defense but could make for some great offense
DT_Cetics_02::Rondo could finally run!
DT_Cetics_02::we got to have PP coming off the bench.
dog_has_fleas::My question is why?
Oh baby you know::Are you Celtic fans still hiding out in your secret chat room?
DT_Cetics_02::wasn't even a secret we posted a link to it. BTW a lot of people were there
DT_Cetics_02::oh yeah and a T-Wolves fan.
DT_Cetics_02::Kings, Heat, Lakers, and Celtics fans.  Sorry we ruined your trolling schedule.
Oh baby you know::Oh like who? a bunch of sorry Celtics fans is who.
DT_Cetics_02::this better not turn out to be the 06-07 season all over again.
ChargersFan4Life001::they need a big center who defends
ChargersFan4Life001::dont trade him unless they get a very good player. He is a great defender but wont help the bad defense inside
DT_Cetics_02::I'm waiting to see if Avery Bradley really is going to make a huge impact. If he doesn't, I think we should trade him.
ChargersFan4Life001::I dont think this season is a year boston will do anything in the playoffs if they get there. Even if they get a big im not sure it would be enough.(but the east isnt that strong)
DT_Cetics_02::we don't have anyone to get him though. Really even getting DMC is a stretch. I just want a talented big.
ChargersFan4Life001::he is talented
DT_Cetics_02::if only we could get drummond from the pistons.
DT_Cetics_02::I'm going to hate to see what Memphis does to us. Gasol and Randolph? UH OH
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Seriously. They are going to eat Garnett alive and Sullinger can't hang with those bigs. Not yet, anyway.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Figure your $#^% out.
DT_Cetics_02::something is wrong with this team. No interior defense and we're finally getting exposed for it.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::This sucks!
DT_Cetics_02::really praying AB is the 'savior' at this point.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::God dammit, Boston.
DT_Cetics_02::AGREED!
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Are you serious?
DT_Cetics_02::btw I know dogs doesn't have a girlfriend.
ChargersFan4Life001::lol i dont think i can trust him
DT_Cetics_02::he kept saying he had a gf. I usually won't even tell people if I have a girlfriend on here unless it means I won't get on because of her which has only happened once.
ChargersFan4Life001::he tries to hard, makes me doubt him
DT_Cetics_02::like I said no credibility. The kid told me he was 20 and then all the sudden turned 21 in the afteroon. Lies about too much I think he's still in middleschool.
DT_Cetics_02::So happy I fell asleep yesterday
ChargersFan4Life001::lol
DT_Cetics_02::Well I must say. Today has been interesting
ChargersFan4Life001::it has
ChargersFan4Life001::DT_Cetics_02 - yeah well he kind of always is an a.ss.  lol he really is
DT_Cetics_02::yeah well he kind of always is an a.ss.
DT_Cetics_02::I really wasn't be nice so it was only right though.
ChargersFan4Life001::decisions i guess really upset her
DT_Cetics_02::haha IDK why. Apperently I wasn't friendly so I said sorry to her.
ChargersFan4Life001::she told me he talked to her and is trying to get her to send him a pic of her.
DT_Cetics_02::decisions told me some stuff he found out about huskies ball  she is a girl but that photo she put up isn't of her.
DT_Cetics_02:::)
ChargersFan4Life001::=-O
ChargersFan4Life001::im gonna be done soon
DT_Cetics_02::finally this crap isn't so slow.
flag_me_if_you_can::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=bn5sxma
outdoorathletic::I heard the heat are looking to trade Lebron and Bosh and two first rounders for Jimmer.. could you imagine Jimmer and Dwade herpes back court.. thats just sick
razzledazzletj81::Not all of us are clowns
dog_has_fleas::Anyone that cares more about the player than the team is a clown.
dog_has_fleas::If the Kings could trade Jimmer for a legit piece he would be gone. I would be happy because all of the Jimmer clowns would be gone from this board.
DT_Cetics_02::ooooor not
DT_Cetics_02::screw it I'm off to the rapid reaction then.
