Bryan Da'Murphy::Pekovich ate a mama bear for breakfast without ketchup he aint scared of some westbrook-less thunder b**ches
Eric Lindquist::why iseveryone saying the Thunder beat themselves, the T-Wolves are for real.
Jay Hudson II::Mostly just ppl who have no knowledge of basketball. Top to bottom the Wolves have a better starting 5 and bench.
Eric Olson::I wonder how long till Durant plays for the Wolves? His fiance does play for the Lynx...
Craig C-Rious Pearson::KD and K-Love would be insane.
Jesse Huber::The Wolves are finally healthy and so far, so good... Love, Rubio, Pek... Those 3 should equate to a playoff appearance, at a minimum. I actually think my expectation is that they win a playoff series. They're good enough to compete and at least advance beyond round 1. This idea of just making it to the playoffs is letting the Wolves off the hook too easily. Good job getting to 2-0... it's nice to have a relevant NBA team again.
Mike Plummer::Kevin Love is underrated because he's white. If he were black he'd get MVP consideration.
Latece K Christmon::Stop playing the white card.
Lornet Prather::People who love and know B-Ball know that Love is the real deal and he is getting MVP consideration.  You got your Nash repeat so chill out.
Mike Plummer::It's a true statement. Reverse racism in the NBA.
Jack Campbell::Okay now can people finally accept the fact that "WestBRICK" is a huge piece to the team....remember when people thought he made Durant and the team worse? smh dude is an elite scorer and was top 10 in assists and steals
Patrick Allen::Only people who thought that was ESPN trolls. every OKC fan knows the truth!
Albert Dominique Thomas::I know Twolves fans are crossing their fingers hoping they finally get Rubio and Mr. Double Double healthy for an entire season together.
Josh Cadwell::Oh believe me we are, Wolves were so dominating against the Thunder, the fans were bored xD
Everett Lively::And the winner by knock out ......................Timberwolves !  Whoooooooooooooo !
David J Aho::TWolves tearing Oklahoma apart, could they actually be good this year?
Josh Cadwell::Hell I was watch Brewer defensing up against Durant, I was amazed how well they played
Minnesota Sports Memes::Hey Oklahoma City, grab your Thunder buddies for this game, because you're going to need 'em!
Matt Borba::So, the Thunders coming? That saying sounds as if you're predicting a Thunder win..
Andrew Marston::Let's go Thunder! 2-0! Thunder up!
Mickey Doherty::What the hell does Thunder up mean? Wolves up!
Mickey Doherty::Derris Marcel Freeman Derris: that was the joke... There is no Wolves Up saying.
Luke Zacharias::Derris, why wouldn't you.... haha
Shaun Kolar::If the wolves play that aggressive on D consistently this year, watch out, they can compete with anyone.  Home court in the first round wouldn't be out of the question.  They are deep and balanced.
Eric Olson::If they play defense yeah...
Shaun Kolar::I want to see Pekovic knock the $#!% out of Kendrick Perkins.  Perkins is such a punk.  Every game he plays the same against the Wolves.  Trying to be KG with his attitude only he doesn't have 1/3 the game to back it up.
Luke Hallahan::dam Thunder playing like garbage...Kmart must have kept the playbook haha
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Everyone knows OKC's playbook, isolation basketball with KD being a point forward without Westbrook
Julie Price::OKC stinks, move em back to Seattle!
Michael D'Ambrosio::Thank you Julie! Go Supersonics!
Justin McElhaney::why so they can be in a place where the community won't support them..besides the Sonics are dead,there is only 2 players left on the original Sonics team..KD and Collison...Sonics fans need to get over it,if you won't support a team then you don't deserve them...
Matthew LaPine::Timberwolves lottery pick got in for six minutes tonight in a 20 point blow out (it was thirty before he came in the game) was -12 and 0-1 shooting with a turn-over. The collective wisdom of the Timberwolves' front office for the last six years astounds me.
Shea Ehlert::yet they are 2-0 and most likely going to make the playoffs
Ben Halbach::They did originally draft OJ Mayo but made a draft day trade for Kevin Love.  And Rubio looks good. They managed to keep Pekovic. Sure they have done some questionable things (Jonny Flynn), but overall we are in a good position now.
Latece K Christmon::Personal fouls, turnovers and horrible shooting from the Thunder = loss.  Nothing taking from the Wolves, but Thunder wouldn't beat any team like that.  Come home, rest up and let us begin the +30 win streak.
Zach Huber::Without Westbrook for awhile the Thunder are in huge trouble man. This year there's no wayyy they're going on a 30 win streak.
Bob Iliescu::I guess OKC is nothing without Westbrooks.  No way Durant can carry this team by himself.  It sure is showing.  On the road or not they are getting a beating
Noah McArthur::Who is Westbrooks?
Mike Ostendorf::Hats off to Derrick Williams for looking energized off the bench. Hope he plays like that more often
Cranky MJ::if he keeps playing with that energy level, he has a shot at 6th man of the year
Isaac Wiese::This is pure ridiculousness. Maybe the most efficient Wolves offense ever
Chase J Kirchner::Isn't even close... time to switch to the Wild for a competitive game.
Brett Reid::those t-wolves.. showing promise of a very good year.
Rob Kolacz::WHOA! Definitely didn't see this coming...
David Aulds::OKC without Westbrook is very Human!!!
Devin Baranick::Thunder are going to have their No-No-hole entered by The Big Peker
