dallings::To: Larrybird77 - thanks for the honest assessment. It is true - I have been to about 12 football games between BYU and UTAH over the past 15 years or so and have visited both stadiums multiple times. I couldn't agree more. And about the trolls - you are spot on about that too. I mean, there has got to be a reason that Jimmer is often the topic of discussion on this board...I think it is because alot of BYU fans like myself only follow the Kings hoping to see Jimmer do well...but of course, the Ute trolls have extended their disease from BYU boards to places where they think BYU fans will most likely congregate - like right here on the Kings board. Thats pretty sad.  And as far as the Utah-Hawaii-Alum guy is concerned - any Utah fan in the world should be embarrassed to have such an idiot as an Alum. I mean, there are annoying BYU fans too...but get a load of this guy's comment:   "BYU Fans = Poo Butts"   -  WOW, that is so juvenile and ignorant not to mention down right weird and just lame all together. hahaha what a loser.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::I hear that LD$ Inc. is going to convert LES into an ice skating rink in the first week of November......since there won't be any football being played there. Enjoy the WAC again.......right were BYU belongs.
NYeltigre::Cousins is a $@%. http://www.sltrib.com/sltrib/blogsjazznotes/53777192-62/cousins-harris-tired-kid.html.csp
dodgertodd88::I'd like to see Isaiah Thomas and Jimmer leave the Kings. They could do way more on teams with some maturity. Pretty much any team not called the Bobcats that don't have DeMarcus, Thornton, or Tyreke on the roster.
NYeltigre::I agree. Jimmer especially does not fit on this team.
79dannyo::It is comments like yours that make me want vomit.  BYU, a crappy school......wow where did you get your education....the local community college? Harvard business school recommends all their incoming students take the BYU online accounting class.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::HAHAHAHA! Yeah, but Jim Fredette will float around the league for a few years and make a few million in the process. Remember, he is an ardent Mormon......the "cheapest" minority group on this planet by far! He knows how to make a $5 bill last for two months for SURE!
JewZZology::but he'll sure sell lots of cell phones
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Jim Fredette was a cute lil' player for a crappy BYU school, highly overrated, and cannot play basketball for any NBA team. He's way too slow, plays the worst D at the PG position that I've ever witnessed and shoots 38% because NBA caliber point guards can get a hand in his face most of the time. He will be out of the league in less than 5 years and will head back to Provo, Utah so people can kiss his feet AGAIN!
leifster86@gmail.com::Marcus Thornton's arrogance at the end of the game fueled the jazz to win.  He looked like such a jack $@% after almost every basket he made. Look at his facial expressions in the highlight video... amateur status, just like the rest of the team. You look like fools when you celebrate before the win, Sacremento. Nice loss.
JazzFanFromINDIA::True !! He celebrated like he made a game deciding basket every-time . Moron !
slaughterpj059::Jazz on a role. Thought they were pretty much done making a push for the playoffs a couple of weeks ago, but wins over the Thunder and Lakers is showing they may not be done.
Nostoppage::Jazz fans have a jewel in burks Unlesh
ChrisDoc85::Kings better start showing something after they pick in the top 10 again next year
GoTmJazz52::Way to go JAZZ! Keep winning, it's good to see Demarre Carroll play!! And, personally Jimmer, your being limited to play with them Kings? I suggust you, go as a free agent for a better team. That will start you!!!
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::Elmer Fudd &gt; Jim Fredette
ididnotairballijustmisstheshot::Football in New Orleans starts early for Jason Smith.Opinion? Should Jason Smith get suspended? Crowded reaction?   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oonNNw_GeTo
ididnotairballijustmisstheshot::Football in New Orleans starts early for Jason Smith.Opinion? Should Jason Smith get suspended? Crowded reaction?   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oonNNw_GeTo
Happyx2Joyx2::I'm out, GG and GL Jazz. GN all, GO KINGS!
Happyx2Joyx2::I would love to see Rondo on this team and only give up salmons and evans
arsenal1470::no, it will prevent IT from developing ...
Happyx2Joyx2::and we would have a top 5 pg
Happyx2Joyx2::he could be the backup
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::ricky rubio, lebron james, kobe bryant walk into a bar. the bartender offers them a drink. rick rubio says "ill pass" lebron takes a shot and chokes 3/4 of the way through. kobe bryant takes shot after shot after shot until his arm gets tired and he passes out.
Happyx2Joyx2::switch kobe for melo and it works
Happyx2Joyx2::it works either way actually
Doc Emmett L Brown::I think it works fine the way it is.
Happyx2Joyx2::troll
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK MY WANG
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK MY WANG
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK MY WANG
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK MY WANG
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK MY WANG
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK MY WANG
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK MY WANG
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK MY WANG
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK MY WANG
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK MY WANG
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK MY WANG
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK MY WANG
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK MY WANG
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK MY WANG
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK MY WANG
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK MY WANG
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK MY WANG
Happyx2Joyx2::Evans has trade value and salmons is solid, it just depends on if that is enough to get rondo
Happyx2Joyx2::If the kings could get rondo for evans and salmons then do it, but I highly doubt BOS does that
risling73::boston was looking to trade him earlier this year.
Happyx2Joyx2::yeah if we got rondo they could be a playoff team next season I think
risling73::if evens finishes the season hot he might have enough trade value, if not rondo maybe try another great PG. i love IT but he would be a great spark off the bench and we really need an elite PG.
Happyx2Joyx2::i'm not sure they still are
larrybird77::I didn't even follow Jimmer, cause I quit watching sports for awhile, so I only follow with semi-interest.  Anyway, I swear nobody from BYU really cared about Andrew Bogut, Alex Smith, Andre Miller. Yet, it seems Ute fans are obsessed with all things BYU. There are regularly several Ute trolls on the BYU conversation board after every BYU football game, which outnumber the BYU trolls by a large number.  Go to Rice-Eccles stadium as a BYU fan, you get treated like crap (even my Ute buddy admits this), go to LES as a Ute fan.. its the BYU fans that get treated like crap from the extremely obnoxious Ute fan.  I graduated from Utah, so I don't mind the coach, teams, university or anything... except the fans. When it comes to BYU, Ute fans are seriously the worst. (Note.. this does not apply to all Ute fans, just most.)
dallings::To: Larrybird77 - thanks for the honest assessment. It is true - I have been to about 12 football games between BYU and UTAH over the past 15 years or so and have visited both stadiums multiple times. I couldn't agree more. And about the trolls - you are spot on about that too. I mean, there has got to be a reason that Jimmer is often the topic of discussion on this board...I think it is because alot of BYU fans like myself only follow the Kings hoping to see Jimmer do well...but of course, the Ute trolls have extended their disease from BYU boards to places where they think BYU fans will most likely congregate - like right here on the Kings board. Thats pretty sad.  And as far as the Utah-Hawaii-Alum guy is concerned - any Utah fan in the world should be embarrassed to have such an idiot as an Alum. I mean, there are annoying BYU fans too...but get a load of this guy's comment:   "BYU Fans = Poo Butts"   -  WOW, that is so juvenile and ignorant not to mention down right weird and just lame all together. hahaha what a loser.
NYeltigre::and everyone says the rivalry will end.... haha
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::The BYU fan base is the most hated by nearly every sports fan in the nation. It only took 1/2 a season for the fans in the WCC to hate BYU after the victorious Saint Marys  basketball team had garbage/towels thrown at them at the Marriot Center. Also, going to a football game at LES is the most nauseating experience for any fan of the opposing team. Ask any fan.....its a fact! YBU stinks and is on the way down!
sklater::utah alum, you just proved larrybird's comment, do you know that?
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::byu fans=think they are better than everyone else.
OneAndOnlyMr::You left an unnecessary "think they" in that equation.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::BYU fans = poo butts
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::I hear that LD$ Inc. is going to convert LES into an ice skating rink in the first week of November......since there won't be any football being played there. Enjoy the WAC again.......right where BYU belongs.
Utah-Hawaii-Alum::BYU fans were too busy staring at Max Hall's giant ears! Them babies were huge!
Happyx2Joyx2::The clips could be out of the playoffs, only 1.5 games ahead of 9th Jazz
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::ALL YALL SUK FAT WEINER I HOPE YOU BURN IN HELL FOR ETERNITY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
aaronearl365::You are a moron.
Happyx2Joyx2::all caps = no brain
Happyx2Joyx2::my point was proven
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::CAPS LOCK IS FOR HOMOS
Happyx2Joyx2::well thanks for the honesty
NBA_refs_are_weak::how in the world do you lose a game you have TWENTY SIX offensive rebounds? thats 26. twenty....six. wow
dmcmorris08::Well like 8 of those were on one possession, and the rest took about 3 or 4 before they made a shot, but I see your point that is an insane amount of offensive boards, haha!
JordanMeservy::FACT ryanthealmightyjew likes his own comments
Happyx2Joyx2::I thought that was obvious?
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::FACT: BOTH THESE TEAMS WONT MAKE THE PLAYOFFS....
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::says john hollinger of course lol....
StocktonToMalone 2::Jazz will and Kings will in the future FACT
StocktonToMalone 2::FACT: If you have to tell people on ESPN.com that you have friends you most likely don't have friends
Happyx2Joyx2::spamming trolls really have no life
Happyx2Joyx2::trolls have no friends or life, basic rule
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::FACT: I DO HAVE FRIENDS
dmcmorris08::World of Warcraft friends do not count
Happyx2Joyx2::FALSE
JordanMeservy::Genius!
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::your mom is false
Happyx2Joyx2::To Jazz fans, honest opinion. What do you think the Kings future is? You think they will make the playoffs soon or are they going nowhere? Be honest.  I think the Jazz are good and are improving. Favors/Kanter is a great young 4/5 and Hayward/Burks are also good.   So just your honest opinion of my kings if you can
UtahQuad::I will add in my 2 cents here as well for the OP...  I see the kings as a team that definately has some issues, and until they get those corrected, they will continue to struggle in general. Oh sure they might rip off a 3-4 game streak at home once in a while, but the rest of the time its more losing than winning. Here are the things that I see from an objective view...  Bad Things: Too many players want to be stars, and want the shots. In addition there is a plethora of bad attitudes coming from several players whom seem to think they are akin to Kobe in the level of garnering superstar calls. I for one would have a hard time with Cousins horrid attitude, cheap shots, and ranting and raving, getting coaches fired, and more. Last night for example he on one play, chased down a ball going out of bounds, slammed into Devin Harris in the BACK, then looked like he wanted to start a fight, and was begging for a call from the officials. That was a cheap shot from the start, and I don't think that hes smart enough to realize that dozens (if not hundreds) of cameras just captured him in his "DOH!" moment. Also I do not really see a team concept in the half court offensively. I see a  lot of iso's and that seems to be in. Perhaps its been the rapid fire coaching changes, or perhaps its that most of the players are super athletic, but as bright as a burned out lightbulb. Hard to say. When you guys get slowed down, its very hard for you to score in the half court from what I have seen.  The Good: You have some very young, super athletic kids playing who are just not fit for the system, yet are doing ok. When your team can run, that age and athleticism is a major boon. I would tend to say there are about 3-4 players together who really have it all together, IT, Salmons, Thompson, and maybe one or two others tops. When I say have it all together, they try to function cohesively, they just typically shut up and play ball, etc. On the other hand your team is almost too young, and is lacking a savvy veteran to be the floor general to help calm things down at times.  If they traded for one or two savvy vets, even if those players see 3rd string garbage time only, their impact is in calming things, etc.   Part of the reason Utah has succeeded has been the calming, and teaching done by Tinsley. He saw little time on the floor early in the season, but in the locker room he was nicknamed "The Voice" as he kept teaching the youngsters how to play on the court, and how to do it right off the court. Earl Watson also has that same effect on the team. Plus the team, youngsters to veterans have bonded like a family, and would never stage a mutiny to get a coach fired. Nor would any of them let one player upset the chemistry to that extent.  For younger teams that chemistry, loyalty and respect are even more important. I think that your Kings have a bright future if they move a few pieces and try to get a balance there. Right now the kings often look more like "bad boy streetball thugs" at times than they do a cohesive unit with the one goal of winning. But that is my opinion based on what I have seen over the last 2-3 seasons there.
tmd39::With the stats JT is putting up, why would you want to bring him off the bench?
risling73::trade tyreke and salomons for rondo. draft SF in draft, barnes or mgk best availible. sign a veteran PF.  pg rondo sg thornton sf draft pick pf free agent vet c cousins  JT and IT come off bench seeing a lot of minutes. garcia, hayes, and outlaw have to go. fill roster with free agents and whoever we have left on this team. build this team with a new head coach. we should have playoff exp just in time for our new arena.
risling73::espn trade machine says it would work and the celts were looking to trade him for some reason earlier this season, tyreke has a lot of trade value. i think it could work.
Happyx2Joyx2::I agree with this if we could trade for rondo
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::i don't think you have efficient players. cousins has prolly the worst fg pct of any PF in the league. evans i don't think is efficient, thornton isn't. i think you could fetch some good trades though. i think thompson is a good player though. i'd keep jimmer or thomas to come off the bench.
Happyx2Joyx2::nobody?
MNorton1982::Too many shoot first players, need a coach who holds them accountable for bad shots, Either thomas or Jimmer has to go. Not enough minutes for both and i think it depends on the day as to whom I would rather have but Thomas plays better D. I do like the young core they have built. Playoffs will depend on what other teams do, but i could see it in a year or two with a diff coach
Happyx2Joyx2::I would rather have IT, plus it gets rid of jimmer jockeys
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::the only thing i could think about when brittany griner was throwing down that dunk, was what kind of undies was she wearing? who's with me!?
dmcmorris08::I dont even know what to say to that
Happyx2Joyx2::nobody
Happyx2Joyx2::lol clippers are dropping fast
StocktonToMalone 2::Convos with 3000 = no lifers like ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::your mom equals that
JordanMeservy::Jeez this Ryan kid has great comebacks. Some of the best i have ever seen from a twelve year old. They learn quick these days.
Happyx2Joyx2::they don't
dmcmorris08::Makes me wonder if people like him have any friends.
StocktonToMalone 2::You have a p.enis?
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::ill straight rape your girlfriend in the butt
StocktonToMalone 2::u mad biitch?
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::lol no conversation has hit 3000 tonight all yall teams is weak thunder, bulls finals preview april 1st turn on yo t.v.s mofos ya feel me keep it solid tho!
