Reeves Cox::Come on HAWKS! We gotta rebound better and defend tomorrow! If we do those two things then I guarantee we will win the game!
Burkett Black::hawks looking good fun team to watch and I love coach bud great job coach
Daniel Stewart::Ever since they switched the boards to Facebook posts, it's dead in here. I'm all for the trolls being gone, but you can hardly hold an intelligent conversation in here. Hawks played well on offense in my opinion in the game against the Mavs with 5 players breaking the double digit point mark. Our defense was shoddy though allowing 4 of their players to break double digits in points, and 3 of those put up at least 20. I hoped with all the additions of big men that we would at least do well in rebounding this year, but we were out-rebounded 42-33. The Raptors played a good game against the Celtics. They had a well balanced offensive attack, and they out-rebounded the Celtics 48-33 (that will be something to watch in this game). I don't see a blowout by either team here. Whichever team wins will have won it by less than 10 points IMO. Since I love my Hawks, ATL 96 TOR 92
Che Loc Dillard::ur right bruh
Ian Kiar::ESPN's preview:  17 1/2  paragraphs about the Hawks 3 1/2 about the Raptors What a steaming pile of ESPN-doesn't-give-a-sh*t-about-Toronto this is.
Daniel Stewart::I'm surprised they even wrote a preview. ESPN is no fan of Atlanta teams either. The entire baseball season, if we beat the Nationals, the headlines always read something like "Braves Squeak by the Nats, Harper hits 2 doubles" or some bs like that.
Forrest Puryear::scott needs more playing time
Reeves Cox::Maybe if he didn't suck at defense. He always looks slow in real games. He looked so good in preseason and summer league. Now whenever he steps on the court he freezes up and sucks.
Will Schmitz::NBA Fantasy draft at 12:00am ET (11:00pm CT) tonight. It's a 16-team league, so help me out and join, please!  http://games.espn.go.com/fba/tools/join?leagueId=278823
Arvind Sangha::this will be close... Raps by 4... 92-88
Che Loc Dillard::teams.are similar
Arvind Sangha::Che Loc Dillard Well I was wrong. Congrats Hawks!
John Reyes::Al horford is a beast
John Osaki Jr.::This games bring back the memories! Hawks fans should check out Dominique Wilkin's chapter in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Josh Parsons::As far as I am concerned, Toronto, Atlanta, Detroit, Cleveland and Washington are all competing for 6, 7 and 8. And if the Raptors want to be a playoff team, they have to beat middle of the pack teams like Atlanta with regularity
Che Loc Dillard::i feel the same way
Bouldercrest Mike::Patrick downtown Atlanta is not deserted....But I will say the traffic sucks is one of the reason besides the Hawks being a crappy team,Is one of the reasons why no one comes to the games
Daniel Stewart::Good game by both teams. Glad to see that Hawks get a win. They did another great job of spreading the ball around and not being 1-dimensional. On to the next one. Let's go Hawks!
Shawn Bento::Stupid Raptors don't even give Valanciunas respectable minutes.
Patrick MacKinnon::Atlanta there is noone at your home opener how does this city still have a NBA franchise?
Raheel Ali::Its sad, but why should fans attend and spend hard earned money on a team going nowhere? Its a business right? Why should fans buy a crappy product?
Patrick MacKinnon::Raheel Ali So, Atlanta fans are protesting?  Even when your team was good the last number of years, I've never seen a full house.  It's just not a sports city.
Raheel Ali::The Hawks have never been good. They make the playoffs and quickly exit. They have NEVER made it out of the 2nd round in their franchise history, not even with Dominique Wilkins. Yet you still expect the fans to continue to spend money on them? Atlanta is a good sports town considering their pathetic sports history. The Braves, Hawks and Falcons combine for only 1 championship (1995 Braves). Even that 1 championship is buried by the choke jobs surrounding it.   The Hawks have made the playoffs every year since 2008 (tied with the Celtics for the longest streak in the East in that same span), yet they have done absolutely nothing once they make the playoffs. They are epitome of Atlanta sports. Dont blame the fans!
Andrew Lipham::man, with antic and schroder, the hawks are gonna win the nba title
Rodney Sargent::2 weak teams n no defense to be found
Patrick MacKinnon::Two mediocre East teams. but they are both playing defense.
Andy P Kordyban::COME ON RAPTORS!
Jordan Lulich::Raps win 101-96
