RollThunder35::I love Westbrook, but he has to focus that rage into his on-court play.  Pulling that crap goes outside the lines of sportsmanship, even if that dirty-headed little euro was playing dirty.  Focus Russ, if you dont you can only hurt the team with that crap.
rj10328::i cant truly believe it!  I turned this game off the last 3 minutes when we were down 10pts. and went to sleep...  Only to find out right now Houston won this game.  oh how i would of loved to see them win this game...so sorry i gave up hope  Go Rockets!!!
nygiants731::lucky lucky n lucky is all houston is!!!!
R Bond::Unless Durant has the softest hair known to man in human history, Durant has a concussion from his head smack on the floor last night.  He was in a slight daze the rest of the game including the uncharacteristic ball fumble at the end.    Brain compression is no joke and he definitely experienced that las night.  Give the man some time to recover.
goatlost::Well houston its better to be lucky than good. Horrid performance by Westbrook in last minute.It wont matter when the Thunder are nba champions in a few months.
PHLYGUY555::lol
wjm911::I still can't figure out why the Thunder struggle against the Rockets. I know they are better than how they play whenever I see them. Anyway, a rockets win is a win. Interesting to see this team beat one of the elite clubs without Lowry and Martin. Could be interesting tomorrow...
RollThunder35::they took em lightly.  They just got cocky and deserved to lose.
kopy10::The problem and concerning part was their lack of 4th quarter defense.  The Thunder rank #2 overall in 4th quarter defense so they typically play defense when it matters the most.  It's nothing to overeact to though or start throwing blame around.  It's two home losses to teams they shouldn't have lost to, that's it.  Just move on with the season and don't make more of it than what it was.
texrcana24::It's refreshing to see level headedness on here for a change.
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::The normal when Thunder loses a game right along with the Heat and Bulls. These teams can't play defense, they won't make to the Finals. The choke despite each team having over 30 wins.
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::That's the question I'm asking. When these teams losses the page get bombarded with these comments.
texrcana24::How can 3 different teams all have 30+ wins and you say they choke?  That is probably the dumbest thing I've ever read on here.  Did you even think about that statement before you wrote it?
H-TownTEX5040::Damn what a game last night...OKC choked they showed that they are by far not the best team in the league although they will go far in the postseason they will not be in the finals..
texrcana24::Your comment H-Town is too much of a knee jerk reaction to one game.  Yes the Thunder should have won, no they did not, agreed their defense is what cost them the game but to go to the level you do and say they are "by far not the best team in the league"....that's a homer comment if I've ever heard one and uneducated at best.  Don't be stupid and pride yourself off a single game.  Shows your not used to winning.
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::You're a Houston fan, don't try to predict other teams season. Worry about yours!
UNC_title_town::all these teams with absolutely no defense and star player that dunks scores a boatload of pts every game....  early exits in the playoffs.. can't stop jack.. will not win...   you have to play some Defense... clipppers and thunder are two teams that have absolutely NO DEFENSE..period..
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::Do these fans put any thought of what they're typing?
hawaiianhonky::The WCF's are an early exit in the playoffs?
Blazelover13::HA! That's my Rockets! Now 2-1 versus the so-called almighty Thunder this season. Lovely. If this turns out to be a 1 vs. 8 match-up in the first round of the playoffs, believe me when I say it will be FUN and electric...no pun intended. These two teams are really evenly matched, and the Rockets didn't even have Martin! Wow, and on the Thunder's home court no less...what a game! Great job, Rockets!
texrcana24::And the Thunder didn't have Maynor or Sefalosha so don't act like we were full strength either.
Springfresh3::Try 2-2
Josh4274::I think you meant they didnt even have LOWRY!!
HTownRprsntr::They didn't have either
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::I like how the new Thunder fans blame Westbrook for the losses. 1.)Westbrook had 0 turnovers going into the last 5 minutes of the 4th qtr. 2.)Durant has 4 turnovers, but people look over that.  3.)Rockets cause Durant to hit his head on the floor and Dragnic tripping Westbrook, I would be mad to. 4.)Their more to the game then the score board. 5.)Scott Brooks only use 1 timeout between that 11 point meltdown. 6.)Thunder are 32-10 and the Rockets are still inferior to the Thunder.
Springfresh3::No defense. NONE!!! Allowing way too many shots  Whatever, time to move on
hawaiianhonky::The Thunder are just getting these games out of their system before their playoff run....................I hope
LSD_hookem::Wow- some bitterness here. First, Houston fans enjoy your win, the loss stings but I will keep our record! Second, nobody expects the Thunder to win every game-just most of them!   You proud Houston fans just remember we also lost to Washington so I guess you are in the boat with them. Chicago, Miami have thrown up some bricks, then there are the storied lakers and celts not to mention last year's champs. No, I'm not happy with thunder performances since AS break even though most were wins. They will solve their problems. Everyone will hate them for that. Not a bad place to be. It could be worse- we could have YOUR record.
LSD_hookem::Her team- and I never lose money! My post was not angry so I don't know what prompted your response but go with it if you must.
H-TownTEX5040::You sound like a pissed off fan that lost money to a Houstonian which I hope is the case
Bleed White and Blue::no, just a fan who knows the good and the bad of his team.
Springfresh3::Our problem is we have no defense. We can put up big points with ease but hardly protect our own basket.  Our perimeter is left far wide too open to let people set up clean looks.  If we had the defense to go with our offense, we would be even deadlier.
eightbitme::Stats matter most to the losing team.  They can be used to figure out wtf went wrong.  :-)
jwk5498::A total joke that we let Houston come back and win this game
cjp74::I agree and I live here in Houston, this Rockets team isn't worth  a damn, just a below average team. I wanted them to hire a real coach and not some pumped  up want-to-be coach.
xNiKKiBaByxo::Thank you Russell Westbrook!  -.-
hawaiianhonky::Russell said hush up and stop sassing him!!!!
cuckercrazy::stoudemire is the FULL reason for the knicks struggles  when he plays more than 35 minutes the knicks are 4-15 when jeffries plays more than 20 min knicks are 12-6 TRADE STOUDEMIRE MORE HERE http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
CandySparker::Homa Lotta Love!
jpjorgensen420::no quarter for you my friend. how many more times can you post comments like this,
jpjorgensen420::communication breakdown?
jpjorgensen420::as a rockets fan I always had a lot of respect for Westbrook, until tonight. he is a selfish punk (pretending like he was going to headbutt dragic when he was 3 feet away)  who lost the game for OKC. Im not on skip bayless' hate Russell bandwagon. Just his body language when harden was running point and pretty much sparked that run, he was slouching and pouting. Go back and look ha. Then of course he had to take matters into his own hands, and had two really bad shot selections, plus a turnover, although it did not lead to a basket. He cost them the game when he could have swallowed his pride and ran the clock out. I still think he is a great player. Maybe that unwarranted criticism after last years playoffs is inside his head and that's unfortunate. I really liked the team they put together. I can see them trading Westbrook if he continues this. Its common knowledge already about his selfishness. Durant is there primary scorer he has to have the ball in his hands during the final minutes. Maybe even James Harden because he will not take a bad shot unless he thinks he can draw a foul.
jpjorgensen420::actually two turnovers. one did lead to a basket to give them the lead ha.
slamminsammy006::MDAstro is just another piece of dumb road trash who does not know anything regarding sports.
3rdCoastTexan::Chandler is turning into an impressive player
slamminsammy006::That was a great person to select.
Antsea91::Durant pulled a lebron.
gudda5gaines::rockets the new denver??
slamminsammy006::Nah! Not the New Denver!
crazycucker2::thunder denied ibaka and harden for howard.... that would have been a crazy good team http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
gudda5gaines::if some how they could dump perkins in the deal and keep ibaka or harden would b nice prferibly ibaka i swear that would b the biggest  defensive inside presense in the game way past the lakers
gudda5gaines::probally just talk they probally still wouldnt have did would b nice tho
Dented_rim::11 points in 150 seconds - I've been saying it for four years - OKC is a Rat Ball team....funny part is; their YMCA player Harden, is their best team player, along with other YMCA player Nick C.  Check out the pictures - on the game winning shot; a Thunder coach is nearly in the shooters back pocket....Bush-league.
MileHighFan9::Thunder better watch out for the Rockets in the playoffs
slamminsammy006::Well that's the entire NBA, including the Miami Heat.
MDAstro::well at least the rockets get something to remember when they pick 15th again in the draft again
UHcougar_14::@MDAstro Long time no see dude
slamminsammy006::You talk trash about the Rockets but yet are an Astros fan, and pull for the dirtiest NFL team (Saints and Steelers go hand in hand)? You are an ultimate bandwagoner.
slamminsammy006::They wont pick 15th again dumb F***, just like ECU will be back to a Top 25 football program consistently.
JDiddy8720::You mad?
Dented_rim::Maybe he's an Iona fan...wherever Iona is?
slamminsammy006::This Rockets fan is so stoked about this road win in the OKC. At least if the Rockets don't represent the west in the NBA finals, then I'll pull for the Thunder to. Anybody but the Mavs, Hornets, or Spurs! Lets go Rockets and get back to the winning ways and work toward an NBA Championship. Start pulling off like what the 1994 and 1995 Rockets did.
convolutedthought::good suff
1ooclicck::im tipsy i had to celebrate this one
T8ke_A_Picture::I'm a fraud OKC fan, but 0Frog is always on the Thunder board waiting for clearance to become a Thunder fan. If you mumble OFrog notice you pronounce a fraud.
T8ke_A_Picture::I give it to the Rockets of completely hurting our team literally.  Bounty hits on Durant and Westbrook.
slamminsammy006::I have lots of respect for the Thunder, but have NO RESPECT FOR YOU CRYBABY.
fonzie_004::bahahahahahahaahaha you made bro? a 2nd round pick took your poster boy Durant to school, rockets get the W with it's too most important players
alexshmalix::shut up with "their hurting our team". you're team is doing fantastic, stop whining.
OFrog::Do you actually think before you post? You are a constant embarrassment to the real OKC fans from Oklahoma.
ragcity2012::in other words, they played hard
zachrlee::Beating OKC on their home floor. No Kyle Lowry. No Kevin Martin. It doesn't get any better than that.
slamminsammy006::Oh wow! Without Kevin and Kyle? If the Rockets get healthy toward playoff time, nobody will want to face the Rockets.
T8ke_A_Picture::Except OKC is still better.
jamal61830::Yes and no. They won one of them while Jordan wasn't playing. The second championship they swept the Orlando Magic (the team that beat Jordan's Bulls in the eastern conference semi-finals).
slamminsammy006::Houston would have won it anyway.
Dented_rim::Didn't Houston win theirs while Jordan was pretending to play baseball? Still think Jordan was suspended for gambling. Ask the Sonics what happens when you play the finals against Jordan - it's 5 on 8.
OFrog::Not in the championship banner category.
ragcity2012::HOW THE HECK DO HOUSTON WIN GAMES WITH THIS KIND OF ROSTER???  im impressed
bigdaddy0049::they got lucky.. they do this every once in a while. they will beat the spurs, or lakers. then lose to charlotte
clutchcityforlife::Don't get excited Houston. Our team is $@%!, this win means nothing for us and this loss means nothing for OKC.
jamal61830::We're going to be the best lottery team forever unless Darryl Morey can make some magic happen. Almost pulled off the Nene/Gasol front court. That would have been sick. Oh well. All the young teams with better futures than us have sucked for years. Clippers, T-wolves, OKC, Memphis, etc. I have a bad feeling that we're gonna get worse before we get better.
PoNation::U guys think that spill durant took is bad enough to get a concussion?
jamal61830::Maybe. You can see that his foot slipped on the hardwood going up for the dunk, and he kind of got undercut a little bit. It looks like he's ok though. Even if he had to sit out a week of games, OKC will be fine. No team in the West is really even close to them.
bigdaddy0049::this is comin from a spurs fan, and this loss might hurt but yall are still #1 seed here in the west, and lets just stay above the lakers. so dont lose anymore! cause i kinda dislike L.a and plus this is just another game
Dented_rim::Only twice in the last ten years has the team with the best record, won the title...homecourt is meaningless.
DL_0521::I don't think the thunder can win a title if westbrook keeps playing the way he does
disguyman::i rather have the thunder win the title, that way it can show morey and the heat that tanking is the way to win a championship,  not signing superstars in fa.
jamal61830::Exactly. Especially for the Rockets because free agents (for whatever reason) want nothing to do with Houston. Can't think of the last big name free agent the Rockets signed.
rickcy13::i dont think the thunder can win a title either way
OFrog::I was here after their win as well, as always. More untruths from the biggest OKC fraud to grace the boards. Do I have to prove you are a bonafide liar once again?
ragcity2012::aint they playing the best ball in the West right now??
T8ke_A_Picture::OFrog is a f@g, always prowling the Thunder board after a loss, but nowhere to be found after they win.
OFrog::Not with the frontline they have. Not with the offense they run. Just won't carry them post season, they do not play championship basketball.
rickcy13::whats one loss to the thunders anyway, they'll still end up with the 1 seed in the west
RollThunder35::Thunder ruined my fucing night. Fuc.k you Westbrook.
Dented_rim::I'm sure a Sonics fan will let you cry on their shoulder....nancy.
NBA_refs_are_weak::its one thing for westbrook to not come through on a game winning shot, but they cant accept him straight taking the ball out of their hands and out of a position to go for the win
T8ke_A_Picture::Its Brooks fault, he should of called a timeout after Westbrook's FTs after the tech to calm him down or at least get a play together. Coach Brooks need to come with better plays to run the clock out. This shouldn't even be a loss. Rockets played well, but Thunder truly beat themselves.
OFrog::If that is your lifestyle thanks for sharing, but I'm talking hoops, not your sexual preferences.
T8ke_A_Picture::You're always on my co.ck, how it taste?
OFrog::Tool Time, the biggest OKC fraud fan speaks again, his usual nonsense and babbling.
HurricaneHamlin::You can't spell choke without OKC.
JDiddy8720::Although you are right, you are probably a butthurt "Miami fan" and you shouldn't be talking about chokers.
u2dy::Also can't spell Chocolate Cake.   And I love chocolate cake. yum!
DavidD1983::What happen to Miami? Grow up!
JDiddy8720::I don't care if Skip Bayless is an idiot because he is, but his constant rants about Westbrook are proving to be truer as the days go by. How can you take a technical on a play like that? I do not care how emotional a player you are, you have to have some sense of self control and it wasn't even that serious of a foul. Dude is a complete moron.
NBA_refs_are_weak::bro, KENDRICK $@%!$@% PERKINS had more assists in this game. that is all.
timh651::Wayne Ellington Examined http://www.WolveSwag.com
roger_z0::Okc is overrated
Airtight Granny::Durant super un-clutch yet again.  When will the public start noticing?  That's like three out of the last 6 games now where he has just been atrocious.
DL_0521::The rockets came back down 9 in the last couple minutes WITHOUT Lowry they showed me some things tonight.
The Ref That Makes Your Team Lose::It wasn't all Houston. I had a big part of this with my no calls in the end.
Mr Viz::Yeah we noticed. Taking away two points in the end with a double no call when Ibaka was getting molest3d at the rim.
King Yema::So we lose to the Jazz and the Cavaliers but we beat Ok City?
DavidD1983::So far, we've beaten the Jazz twice this season (Salt Lake and OKC), and yes we lost to Cleveland.
DanielFury::ColdTruth  This Houston sucker "poor rangers"(lol) is thrashing the Bulls and the city of Chicago.  I thought he was friendly, but no.......
pooor rangers::wicked burn bro
DanielFury::I'm lagging lmao.
DanielFury::By me?
TheColdTruth::hahaha...
DanielFury::Thank you.
pooor rangers::total ownership....good job bro!
DanielFury::He's mad I'm thrashing him in comments right now. Look below.
AndrusROY82::Daniel appears to be a strange fellow.
DanielFury::The guy above you.
TheColdTruth::oh
pooor rangers::Chicago sucks I thought every one knew this. lol
