BillyCrashCraddock::.
Syracuse_Orange44::Get Steve a ring!!!
Syracuse_Orange44::Syracuse_Orange44 - Get Steve a ring!!!
knicks_11::I waNNA see the suns making the playoffs theyre playing great basketball with the roster they have. thats greatness.. winning with mediocre players. Go nash!
alwaysbesinkinthosemavs::Ive been following a betting system recently called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I recommend this system to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works. Thought I would post this for anyone frustrated of not winning thier bets
Luclongley_MVP::If only Nash could play on a good team.
oczonie::It's one thing to win against the Cavs. But a win against Miami would have been the statement game.  2/2 on the road is ok. but Suns should do better. Each game is getting crucial.
Linfanticide::suns only a game out of the #8 seed.
spong3bobrox::We lost to the Suns. At home. By 25. We suck.
phxstar20::Suns are a good team stuck in i middle sized market and tiny cheap $@% owner sell the team already so we can be atop the west {Sarver] u suck
mydotcom::the real big 3? miami? boston? nahhh scalibrine luke walton and kwame brown http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/p/best-nba-memes.html
tarumpaw::What is it with Phoenix and twins. If I made a guess Steve Nash has a twin brother named Stephen and that is the reason he can play really well until now.
oczonie::Well Nash does have twins (daughters).
NBA_refs_are_weak::lol watch luke walton put up some like really decent 6th man of the year type numbers now that hes getting minutes. but in all seriousness, I love a good luke joke, but how in the world did he NEVER get minutes in LA? Does jason kapono REALLY give you better minutes than him? hes never been great, but he certainly didnt do anything to hurt your team
KingGeorge53::What team is Jason Kapono on?   Cavs released him before he got to Cleveland.
PlayaMade5::<span style="font-family: Jokerman;">GO LAKERS!!!!!  </span>
Bourne_Ultimatum::Perkins should have stomped Wade some more!  I get a kick out of watching that highlight, LOL!
gvsparty::The Suns are going to have front-court problems if they get in the playoffs.   I don't like Robin Lopez as a backup C at all.
DwightSchrute23::Cavs can only go up from here
KingGeorge53::and yet sadly, you'll still be Dwight Schrute.
PUJOLSJUICES1983::Sign up with this link and I’ll send you a $40 credit to go towards free Suns tickets!  Scorebig is like priceline for tickets!  This isn’t a joke and this isn’t spam, the reason I’m showing you this is because I get $50 in credit if you sign up so it’s a win/win.  http://www.scorebig.com/Referral/scorebigmember4168?ref_tag=raf.def.lnk
yata9arasu::I just got back from work!  GOOD GAME SUNS!  Good luck this year!  You guys are by far the classiest fans in the NBA!!!  GO CAVS!!!
EmTeeZ::Good game! Cavs fans're pretty classy themselves-- including when they had Lebron. Can't say the same for Heat fans.
nccanes73::Luke Walton is off welfare and has to work again
ChiefWahoo1995::WOW, the Cavaliers looked like they could have cared less today.  What a pitiful effort.  Byron Scott was not happy after that game.  Check this out http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_41_LakeCounty-Sentinel.com-Cavaliers-scorched-by-Suns-108-83-03-25-2012
Szeklinski::Bulls vs Thunder @ 1pm April 1 on ABC!
poodagg::if the bulls could play sub 500 teams all postseason this would be true!  their only chance is if rose stays hurt!
HildeZero::Who cares?...
bzg2392::Bulls/Thunder/NBA fans???
jtyree0226::This alway intersted me for some reason. Can someone explain to me why one of Lopez twins is a beast and the other one is complete sh!t. I mean most twins in sports are both good. Not one sided. Did one twin sit on his @ss and the other practice day in day out? can someone explain this?
EmTeeZ::They always had very different games that complemented each other when they played together (Robin was more defense, Brook offense). Brook's offensive skills translated better to the pros, plus Robin doesn't really fit terribly well on the Suns.  That said, I've maintained for a while that were the two put on the same team, things would get interesting. It would obviously require a totally different system from most of what's out there, but together they were always a pretty amazing combo.
Cleveland_SportsDVR::Good joke Suns being a good team
HildeZero::Cleveland Cavaliers are a joke.
czxsteve::coz Robin doesnt fit in the suns or Nash system, he is way too slow.
Derrios::Which is which?~
HildeZero::They're both good, it's just that one plays on a bad team and the other plays on a good team (Robin).
jtyree0226::Robin lopez is the one that can't play. Hes on the suns. Brook lopez who is good at playing basketball and he plays for the Nets. Hes been injured as of late.
mrkennedy23::As much rebuilding as the Suns have been doing, they're still pretty good.  As a Warriors' fan, I'm envious.
MirBay_Watson::Awwww.....and I was cheering for Cleveland to sneak up and grab that #8 seed, too.  Oh well...
1mproperDancing::Cleveland needs lottery balls, not a first round playoff sweep.
mikeyp2307::I find it funny how the one dude is calling us clevelanders hicks when he cant even spell correctly. LOL! Florida  education at its finest.
1mproperDancing::He also apparently doesn't understand that Ohio is in the north.
Eric82d::Nice win for the Suns! Taking care of business... Keep making the playoff push, better than a ping pong push. Never give up!
TheTristanShow::I knew we were in for a long one when Gortat hit 5 WIDE OPEN lay ups to start off the game.
blazzbowler::Horrible coaching staff
rockndoc2::Damn, just got  back from the game. That was the worst performance of the Cavs BY FAR this year.  Talk about mailing one in.  Thats the bad news.  The good news is another ping pong ball in the hopper.
LovinIT06::As a Cavs fan I couldn't be happier with this losing streak! With the first pick in 2012 NBA draft the Cleveland Cavaliers pick..............
EmTeeZ::Anthony Davis.
Alex818728::okay, Im out, good win suns,  Cavs need to get their $@%! together C'mon that was awful
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Remember: Sports junkies rule and news hounds suck.
CLEVELANDCBI::Detroit, Toronto, NJ, Sacramento,  Please put together win streaks.
CavsFan86::GG suns fans, i was just kidding with nash, he's still a great player.. Would have been nice if the cavs came to play..
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::Okay now Im out! Go Suns!
CLEVELANDCBI::Later
nahbb::nba fantasy draft all players are eligible where would u guys put nash?   this site had him 15th seems way too high tho... http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/
CLEVELANDCBI::Picking blind off his stats alone I'd put him in the top ten.  Because of his age he'd drop, but I'd still put him high; top 20 at least.
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::1
Hawaiian Raiders::CAVS your PATHETIC...LBJ was the best thing to ever happen to you.....get over it and play ball
EmTeeZ::I haven't seen any Cavs fans talking about Lebron in a long time. I think Hawaiian's the one who needs to get over it.
Ihatebandwagons::Guess news doesn't get over to Hawaii quickly. Cavs are pretty much over the LeBron thing. America is over him too. He's a cry baby who bounced to play with Wade. Simple as that.
Alex818728::Were over it... and now were rebuilding...
cland4ever::we are over it but you dont pay attention and act like we aren't
oskiewoskie770::Hey coach if u don't play your stars in all the 4th quarter it's a good way of losing your job.. Good luck finding a job next year u bum !!! K. Irving only getting 26 min.. WTF !!!
Alex818728::it was over anyways, Scott is a great coach, hes not going anywhere
cland4ever::it was a blow out no point in playing them the 4th
cland4ever::good game suns sorry the cavs didnt show up today and make it kind of interesting but good luck
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::Now time to beat the damn Spurs!
HildeZero::You're not a true Suns fan, if you don't hate the Spurs.
Alex818728::maybe, I think Spurs are gonna win it all this year
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Yes! The Spirs are our most hated rival and easily the team I want to beat more badly than any other.
Alex818728::I wouldnt put money on it if I were you
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::Im not afraid of them. They are a good team but the Suns have had their number recently.
CLEVELANDCBI::Just bump knees with their old guys.
Always Win 9289::www.FadeTheBookie.c.o.m….sports Handicapping Website…I Own This Service…My Record is 258-110-6 In The Past 5 Months…I Have over 250 Members And Over 9 Access Plans To Choose From…Registration Is Free…Just Pick A Package That Best Suits Your Needs…All Of The Plans Are Discounted 15% For The Month Of March…I Am Currently Running A 2/1 Month Special...<b>Purchase 1st Month And Get The 2nd Month Free!~~~Valid Until April 1st     <b>MLB Early Bird Full Season Plan Ends Today!       $100 Off until 11pm</b></b>
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::YES!!!! Suns win!. If we keep on rolling like this,we'll make the playoffs. I'll sleep well tonight and I'll be in a good mood the next couple days. This feels good. GO SUNS!!!!!!! :)
Heat2012Champs.::yall prolly sleep well cuz ya taking all those pills old man
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::Relax we beat the Cavs, lol.
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::GG Cavs fans- good luck the rest of the year.   GO SUNS!!!!!
CLEVELANDCBI::same to you
Heat2012Champs.::wow u guys are ignorant cantt even cee how dum ur guys are i just post facts yall post wiener touchers
Alex818728::what does ur dum ur guys are mean?
nogicat6::wiener touchers????!!?! LOL bye troll
CLEVELANDCBI::damn that had me rolling
CLEVELANDCBI::dum has a B at the end.  Genius
Alex818728::we're ignorant??
cland4ever::your baby momma touched some wiener in her days
cland4ever::yo baby pie making mama once rubbed butter all over my nipples because i ate some of her pancakes watchin kids play strip in the sweatshops of east cleveland yall dumb hicks
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::Cavs got such a bright future though, two first rounders to add to Kyrie and Thompson developing with a good amount of cap space. Lookout, they will be better than the Heat very soon.
nogicat6::Good game Cavs Fans!!! Here's to us both being contenders again in the future GO SUNS!!!! PLAYOFF PUSH!!
Alex818728::Boston over Miami first round
Heat2012Champs.::lol suns just won the championship beating the cavs hahhaahahahhahahahahaahhhahaah good job lololo
EmTeeZ::What the idiot?
nogicat6::whos celebrating LOL
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::we expected to beat them
Happyx2Joyx2::Well I'm out. Congrats Suns, and GL to both teams. Shut up Heat scum
