Keegan Daniels::J Singh says "Jimmy Fredette & J.J. Redick yet even if they sit on the end of the bench they'll probably make more money in one season than everyone sitting behind the keyboard hating on them!! LOL "  So what! A professional Athlete yearns for is compete and to play and not be ridiculed by being consistently benched. A prime example is K Garnett ...doesn't need the money but stills thinks he can play at the top. Lest we remember Shaq who played on well past his prime...Didn't need the money yet yearns for the big dance. Adam Morrison and Kwame Brown have more money than me too-but what are about their enduring legacies in the NBA-How will they will remembered by the legions of fans-money can't buy reputation
jammin400::Demarcus Cousins carried the team all day (as usual), but the technical foul and missed free throws down the stretch hurt his team bad.
Anton::The moment CP3 plays someone as fast as him, Isiaih Thomas destroyed CP3 tonight but Clipper refs had to win the game for the home team.
Steven McCormick::This is what I call professional basketball . . . when the scores are this close, you know the players are out there to win --- seriously.   I am glad the clips came out on top . . . even if it was by just one point.    I'll take a Clippers win any way I can get it.
J.Singh::It's funny how everyone on here is hating on Jimmy Fredette & J.J. Redick yet even if they sit on the end of the bench they'll probably make more money in one season than everyone sitting behind the keyboard hating on them!! LOL
clint::Cousins you may have millions of dollars but you have no sense. you're classless, you should have stayed in college long enough to learn the meaning of sportsmanship, you'll never be a quality leader. take your money and go back to the ghetto. pushing your classless values on your teammate is the worse.
Pasha::Some clipper fans are some #$%$ bashing saying "queens" "crapamento" most of these clipper fans use to be Laker fans. Im sorry that the true and loyal clipper fans have to deal with these bandwagons. Lets go Kings.
HavlicekStoleTheBall::I just traded Martell Webster for DeAndre Jordan in my league.  Based on this game, it looks like the fantasy steal of the Century!
michael::bad time for a t d-mark!
PKM::Phantom foul of Paul going to the basket at the end.
