CaptainClaw777::Old men lost their legs.
SPURZWARZ1.0::The more the Lakers lose, the more slamdunkonyou cries like a baby! My only question to him is, "Can you get XM satellite radio with those big ears?"
I hate Jerry Jones::Diamondbaks-Suns-Sun Devils-CardinalsAs many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After the tragedy of 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  We truly have zero interest in you, your Phoenix Suns or how you feel about the SPURS and us SPURS fans.  What we are concerned with is, 1) how white and incredibly ugly you are and 2) the size of "slam spunk on you's' ears........
Vaquero In The House::Hey albino, for your information Spurs have lost some tough games in the playoffs too but you don't see their fans crying about last season's playoffs do you?  Last season was last season, yet you're still crying over the 2007 playoffs.....grow up sissy boy you give true Sun fans a bad name!!  You're as bad as that big dumbo ears looking mfker known as slam dunk the Licker fan.....
BRAY5150::Clippers are better than the spurs this year
I hate Jerry Jones::great point, amazing how many "Clippers fans" have all of a sudden appeared...lol
PMPJohn::i will bet that your Clippers gear is so new that your mom has to wash it apart from other clothes.
VolkieG::Speaking as a Spurs' fan, you might be right, though the season's still young. Just not sure what relevance the comment has in regard to a Warriors/Spurs clash aside from trolling.
dolfan2949::Better at what? Basket weaving?
Goldengun3865::Right, because bad teams are 15-3 at home.  Duh
BRAY5150::It was only a matter of time til Curry got hurt. It happens every year
slam_dunk_on_u::Just like the flopper ginobili LOL
Vaquero In The House::He's a Licker fan!!  How's you're mama Dumbo?
PMPJohn::Hahaha! You're a Laker fan!
Goldengun3865::Parker is playing insanely good basketball this season.  The gap between him and Paul is gone.  They are the 2 best PG's in the NBA.
nba is the worst::The best <b>team</b> in basketball keeps on rolling!
BRAY5150::The clippers didn't play last night
Vaquero In The House::Bray - That's what nba said, the "best team" in basketball keeps on rolling!
dolfan2949::Oh, I get it !!  Fail !
sebispinetto::everyone knows the all star game is a joke....2 players from the Lakers this season regardless of who they are is not a position that can be defended  sucks for the NBA, theyd have much more success if they actually gave credit where its due instead of fixating themselves on players that are on supbar losing teams  less focus on the players more focus on the team!!!
slam_dunk_on_u::spurt players are boring thats why they have to be picked by coaches (if they get pick)  otherwise...fans will not vote for them LOL
Vaquero In The House::I'm voting for you to go flap your ears at the All Stars...might even vote you for the World Book?  How big are those damn things?  Ever measured?
nba is the worst::You seem confused about what "all star" means. So the league's leading scorer shouldn't be in the allstar game?  Duh -wight is the #1 rebounder this year, I understand.  The NBA lets the fans vote for the players they want to see, it ISN'T about teams, it's about stars
dolfan2949::Really? I thought it was more about Primmadonnas ......  smh
Ivanov21::I don't believe Duncan's words anymore. He said that its not so important to him if he's playing in the All-Star game, and he really enjoyed the time he could spend with his family instead. Well WHY then, Timmy, are you putting up these retro numbers game after game after game?! You should be a starter instead of Howard and everyone knows it. I'm sure the coaches will select him as a reserve though! Go Timmy !!!
Vaquero In The House::Ivanov21 - I believe Timmy gets more enjoyment of playing with his teammates than playing in the All-Stars.  Every Super Star on the court is out there for one reason &amp; one reason only......to flash their style.  Spur fans know that's not Timmy's style of play nor is it Spurs basketball.    However, in a way I agree with you though, especially when Howard got selected...give me a break!!
Ivanov21::I know but I want him to be there so all the haters have to watch him play efficient bball ;)
No-account drifter::If you've ever watched him play in those games, you'd believe him. He hates it. All flash and style, no substance, no D, no teamwork - what's to like if you're TD?
VolkieG::28th straight victory by the Spurs over Golden State in San Antonio?!? Maybe it's time to take up basket weaving instead?
slam_dunk_on_u::daboafadem - Yeah, The Spurs struggled mightily.  That's why San Antonio outscored Golden State in each of the final 3 quarters.  -------------------------------------  <i>"Golden State led for all but 34 seconds in the first half"</i>  Numbers don't tell you the whole truth you idiot!
dolfan2949::Funny; a Kobme licking moron calling someone else an idiot.   LOL
Goldengun3865::Hi Dumbo
slam_dunk_on_u::daboafadem - Yeah, The Spurs struggled mightily.  That's why San Antonio outscored Golden State in each of the final 3 quarters.  -------------------------------------  <i>"Golden State led for all but 34 seconds in the first half"</i>  Numbers don't tell you the whole truth you idiot!
dolfan2949::How was your Kobme facial last night? Creamy?   :o)
mksatx::No suprise here. Slam punk picks your to lose. They win
WFan5::No surprises here. No Curry No Bogut No win
Spursdawgspats::Keep in mind the spurs also played without Ginobili
Ivanov21::true that
Ivanov21::pathetic fans? says the Laker fan LMAO, you should be a comedian
dolfan2949::He's too stupid to be a comedian. Normally those people have at least a 75 IQ...  :o)
No-account drifter::But he is funny. Makes me laugh, anyway.
Scott82342::Why, he is more sad than funny.
slam_dunk_on_u::And yet the spurts barely survived but their pathetic fans think they dominated. Lol
slam_dunk_on_u::And yet the spurts barely survived but their pathetic fans think they dominated. Lol
daboafadem::slam_dunk_on_u:  "I'd fully expect the Warriors to finally end their losing streak in sham anphonio.  That scrub Richard Jefferson is ready to kill his former boring team..."  Same result, as usual.
daboafadem::slam_dunk_on_u:  "Let me be the first one to post ...the GS Warriors will punk the spurts...close game warriors winning by 4 points BOOK IT!"
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-lYMDHoAfg&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player
slam_dunk_on_u::Pathetic a$$ spurts got lucky these a$$wipes struggled mightly ....but the geriatric lose tomorrow for sure and I bet my house on it.....these chumps can't handle back to back games
daboafadem::Yeah, The Spurs struggled mightily.  That's why San Antonio outscored Golden State in each of the final 3 quarters.  What a knob.
mdupnic09::have fun being homeless, hows it feel to be wrong 73.8% of the time (spurs winning percentage, and we know you always pick them to lose)
slam_dunk_on_u::Pathetic a$$ spurts got lucky these a$$wipes struggled mightly ....but the geriatric lose tomorrow for sure and I bet my house on it.....these chumps can't handle back to back games
Nerissa2525::Hows your Lakers hehehe?
dolfan2949::You're gonna bet your cardboard box?  Cool ! Can we see a photo of it first?
Ivanov21::You def are one of the biggest trolls around these feeds. Cant take anything seriously coming from a clown like you. On top of that you're a Lakers fan, how can you even be criticizing ANY other team the way those suckers play right now? ;)
Jerry Jones For President.::Lakers= POOP!
mksatx::Man tony parker and tim duncan were clutch down the stretch
mksatx::Spurs needx to man up and beat atl on the road tonite.  No excuses
Shawn1807::Nice to get a win don't worry GSW fans your future is bright give it time.
Grindhouse2413::Spurs are such a good team. If I can be honest, I am green with envy as a Griz fan. I want my core to stay together and be a multi year dominant team like the Spurs. Maybe we can get lucky and win our division this year, doubt it, maybe next year. Good win Spurs. Hope we meet up in the playoffs.
I hate Jerry Jones::Grind, we do have THE best front office in the NBA but Pop will tell you the reason why the SPURS are consistently great is one Tim Duncan...the guy is 36 years old and makes "Duhwhite" Howard look like a fool.
Grindhouse2413::Who do you consider a head case on our team? Zach is not the old Zach. I think we play good team ball, just look at how we spread the assists around instead of just one man dominating the ball/passing. If the coach could lighten up and let the bench play more and run more plays to get our shooters open he would be better.
dolfan2949::Wow Grind, a classy statement from a Grizz fan. I am speechless.  Good luck; but you need a new coach to begin with, and less head cases on your team. Discipline and teamwork is the key to the Spurs success.
Shawn1807::It's all up to your front office as you know it's not easy for us small market teams, the margin of error is much smaller. Must draft well cuz your not gonna get the big free agents like L.A. , NY etc. Good luck!
Diamondbaks-Suns-Sun Devils-Cardinals::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After the tragedy of 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
dolfan2949::Ok, we get why you hate the Spurs; but what makes you so stupid?  Can you elaborate on that point?  :o)
No-account drifter::So you're basically saying you expected Stern to show favoritism to Phx and ignore the rule. I can see why you'd expect that. In hindsight, I'm surprised it didn't happen. But you're basically saying you hate the Spurs because they knew the rule and your team didn't. Like most Spurs haters, you seem unable to handle the fact that they win with their minds, not just their physical skills. You hate that their methods beat your flash and dazzle. So sad for you. In every way.
SpursThruGoodAndBad::You cant handle the truth, but here it is ... The rule states that players are suspended if they leave the bench during an ALTERCATION. Horry's hip check of Nash was not an altercation. He turned and left (watch the replay). If it stays that way, nobody gets suspended even if they come off of the bench. So what happened? Bell happened. He came at Horry and threw an elbow at his head, resulting in a altercation ... resulting in suspensions. Bell did it. Live with it.
tnfins::the suspension was both fair and warranted. The rules are CLEARLY stated with no room for ambiguity or interpretation , if you rush on the court when you are on the bench, you will be suspended.   The players clearly broke this rule and suffered the consequence. One can certainly argue whether or not therule should exist, but it does exist. If stern did not inforce it, he would have been showing favoritism to phoenix by not enforcing the rules that he enforces for all of the other teams in the association. Its dissapointing it happened, but I'm confident the spur would have won regardless, just as they had done the previous times in that decade! If you want to hate us , go ahead and waste your energy and emotion. We wont loose any sleep over it.
Scott82342::So that is why you don't like the Spurs, but what did the fans do?
Tiagoooo::nash admitted to flopping on the horry hipcheck. so gtfo.
Shawn1807::We get it. Now go away!
Goldengun3865::The Twin Towers Are Back In SA!  GSG!
mksatx::Mavs score but durant is on fire.  Good game.  Come on mavs.  Double ot?
Hondo Kid::Maybe mavs will pull off a miracle and beat okc for us.  Mavs starting to compete every night.
WarriorsWarrior::0-28...smh!
Hondo Kid::Looks like mavs will lose to kc.. it end of third okc up by double digits
TheArtOfExplosions::Seeing both teams warm up after the delay for the rim made me laugh.
derek_510::in late game situations like this, in the playoffs, i'm thinking mark jackson should sub jefferson in for thomspon.  jefferson won't make the mistakes klay is liable to.
CandySparker::I like Team Duncan.
Hondo Kid::Splitters!  Man he doesn't do anything flashy but his stats say other teams should notice.  Guys stay down low on tiago and or timmy and then outside shooting might open up some more.  But other teams willing to let tiago play down low have to give upp the putbacks and rebs
Christian137137::http://www.projectspurs.com/2013-articles/january/report-spurs-to-sign-center-aron-baynes.html   Spurs are signing this big man and should be bringing him in soon. This article says he's 7'0 but everything else I've read says he's 6'10". Watch the youtube clip for a monster dunk of his.
rgcctx::Tim Duncan and Tony Parker should be named to the all star game. They both deserve it.
MarcellusWallace69::wonder if people are starting to realize Klay Thompson is disturbingly overrated.  tons of potential, won't take that away from him, but his stats from year 1 and 2 scream mediocre
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Give him time he looked good early
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::My girl has it on the E channel and I was walking in the room they were saying there "going to break down this weekends hot qb's " Smdh
RobShort21::lmfao
Hondo Kid::Atl in ny tonight so no excuses for spurs tomorrow in atl. And what the heck go falcons.
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Where was he at for the bulls game?
yourname2221::nope
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Is Josh Smith hurt?
Hondo Kid::Spurs starters hit their shots.  Bench was way off shooting.  overall gs played tough considering their injuries and being on the road at s.a.
MasterOfLogic::Duncan's performance in this game just said: "...And THAT is for the BS of me not being a starter in the ASG"
howdythere....::Pop giving Splitter props!
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Are you sure?lol
MrInvictus::Duncan, Lee, Randolph, Pekovic, M. Gasol, Cousins... a long list of players that deserve that starting position for All-Star instead of Dwight.  I hate uneducated fans
Spursdawgspats::I agree with all your picks but keep in mind it is not a game, it is strictly an event meant to entertain people. A game might break out on occasion. The "event" is an embarrassment to the league.
TheArtOfExplosions::A-friggin-men.   Too bad all star games are popularity contests.   Lee has averaged 20/10 for most of the season on a winning team while  Howard, Kobe inc. has struggled majorly.  People........
yourname2221::Its the same ol same ol. Wish it was more like baseball with fresher faces in the ASG albeit they have alot more roster spots. But im sure J Lin's bum $@% will take someones deserving spot
SPEN206209::"Old Man River" = Tim Duncan--24 &amp; 10---and he is making a push for the 'block shot king' for the 2012-13 season.  If Manu could get healthy and have a 2nd half + post season rejuvenation ala  The Big Fundamental ---the 5th ring might be within SA's grasp.
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Thats the west for you...and out east KG gets a start
MrInvictus::Oh and Aldridge!
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Spurs need to run some plays for Kawhi during the course of the game. So he don't get stuck just shooting from the corner.To avoid a bad shooting night like tonight.
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Good thing Hawks will be on a back2back to
SPEN206209::You got that right. Leonard scoreless in 28 minutes of play? Would have bet big money that would never happen!  Will be at the Spurs-Hawks game in the ATL tomorrow night. An NBA game in the midst of Falcon Fever: first ever NFC Champisonship game in Atlanta's 47-year franchise history (Hawks' venue--Phillips Arena--is only separated by a narrow access/service road and a grass/cement courtyard from the Georgia Dome.)  Tough back-to-back on the road vs. good Hawks squad.  GO SPURS GO!!!
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Lol...but true
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::He could of posted up Barnes tonight,easy.It looks like sometimes he wants to drive to the hole but holds back
texican_10::He doesnt want pop 2 yell at him, they needa do something with him hes wasting away at the 3 pt line
texican_10::He needs to post up!!!
texican_10::Drive for five
howdythere....::one for the thumb!
Jerry Jones For President.::Go Spurs! BTW the Warriors are a solid team, they just need to get healthy. i will take the warriors over the lakers anyday. lakers suck!  :)
Oaktown1029::Bogut wearing his brace now - he will be coming back.
WarriorsWarrior::Good game spurs
howdythere....::GG dude
Hondo Kid::Tiago seems to be working good starting and then rotating with timmy and diaw.  Now if the d gets tighter and tony gets his shots.  Hard for tony to drive to the hoop with all the bigs in there. Takes away from ability to pick and rotate on offense a little.  Anyway good effort from gs.  Go spurs
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::GG overall No shame in losing to the Spurs at home 14 straight
chilenodiaz69::How in the world is Duncan not an all star starter, and Garnett is?
TYAFTER69::Great point chile...   The finest player in the NBA is easily Duncan, while the SPURS are easily the finest organization and the class of the league...w/o argument.
MrInvictus::He should def be an all star, but I think your bias is pushing it a bit, lol
MrInvictus::I'm sure Duncan, Randolph, and Lee will make the reserves team
Hondo Kid::Yeah everybody that follows the game and knows the other teams..  media even talks about it lately...voting is screwed up as is.  Popularity and east and west coast markets.  And there is the lin voter.  Oh well.  Spurs don't mind a few days off.
MrInvictus::Utterly ridiculous.  Dwight missed the first month, can't hit a free throw and tehy're below 500, yet they got 2 starters for All-Star??? If I was Stern I'd be ashamed.  If I was Howard, I would decline starting
Jerry Jones For President.::Because fans vote for "the names" not the players that play to win. i mean seriously Dwight Howard?
howdythere....::that's idiot lakers fans
chilenodiaz69::Agreed
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::They need to take the voting out of the hands of the fans
howdythere....::yeah it's a popularity contest
howdythere....::stupid voters
