Devin Baranick::No matter what team your a fan of, there is one thing we can all agree on...............the Knicks suck. lol
Jay Melz::we still gone have a better season they the wolves
Joseph McNeal::This is going to be a great game. GO WARRIORS!
Kevin Smith::Should be a good game, I see the wolves bouncing back after a close game the other night.  I've told people before, if the wolves are healthy they are a top 5 team in the west.
Alicia Narae Miller::Are Curry and Thompso n the 2 best shooters in the NBA? In the world? I think so. If not, name one who is better.
Mickey Doherty::Kevin Martin
Lou Saechao::Mickey Doherty  you kidding right?
Mickey Doherty::Lou Saechao Well Kevin Martin has a higher FG%, FT%, and PPG than Klay Thompson, but yeah I suppose you are right...
Luke Skare::Good game Warrior fans, you guys have a great team.
Evan Robert Montgomery::Two good teams going at it. Both, I dare say, are title contenders. The Warriors were one win a way from beating the Spurs, despite a couple of collapse by both both teams and we all knew Minnesota could be a good team if Kevin Love stayed healthy, but wow who knew this good.  This would be a playoff series I'd like to see.
Minnesota Sports Memes::Clay Thompson brings nickles to strip clubs so he can make it hail! PUT A FREAKING HAND IN HIS FACE!!!
DeMarco Robinson Raiderson::its Klay Thompson with a K not C
Minnesota Sports Memes:::)
Jason Flores::It seems like every time Kevin Love doesn't get a call from a foul, he gets mad. What a flopper.
Luke Zacharias::Look again at how much he is getting harrassed in the lane with all the no calls. He may not ALWAYS get contact, but he's no Lebron James.
Harold Nations::One of the reasons is bc he's as slow as a glacier.  discount his rebounds off his own missed layups and blocked shots and his rebounding stats would go down a bit!  I like Love, but he has to be the most over-rated player in the league (if Blake Griffin's not :) ).
Alicia Narae Miller::Harold Nations Blake is
Minnesota Sports Memes::Just think, we drafted Williams over Klay Thompson...
Alicia Narae Miller::As a Warrior fan I thank the Wolves and every other franchise who passed on him.
Tim Ross-Elliott::Alicia Narae Miller  You got a great player in Klay. I watched him for three years in a Coug jersey and it was awesome.
Paul Graham::I have Love's uncle's autograph.....he signed it for me in a hotel lobby......this is cool...
Isaac Jones::I have an autograph from his second cousins stepbrother. It isn't worth sht, but it has the last name Love, so why not?
Alicia Narae Miller::Isaac Jones Might as well just write the word Love down on a piece of paper. It has the same value.
Drew Kenfield::Isaac Jones You realize his uncle's a Beach Boy, right?
Willard Stripling::I have no doubt the warriors win this game
Ryan Arneson::I expect you are betting a large portion of your money on it then.
Mark Simmons::I agree this should be a really good game.  Can't wait!
Gino Foggia::This is scary the Warriors can beat any opponent which was expected except for coaching, Jackson is the only part of the team holding the team down if u get my drift, teams will have to score a minimum of 25-28 pts a quarter just to stay in the game.. Best team, biggest favorite to win it all if Jackson doesn't screw it up!
Kemala Martin::You guys are both idiots, Jackson is the glue for this team, he has them playing hard every night. Santiago, when great shooters are struggling, you let them keep shooting because it's only a matter of time  before he gets hot and curry is top 10 in assists this yr and lasts
Adam Bruening::Looking forward to this one. D Lee is gonna have to keep a close eye on Love and not let him get going. If they can do that, the rest of the defense should be able to limit the rest of the T-Wolves.
Luke Skare::Golden State is too much for us to handle, they are my second favorite team in the league behind the wolves so I don't mind losing to them.
Luke Skare::Pek is having an atrocious game.
Nik Budig::Except the wolves should be able to handle a team like this.... That second group is pitiful while the starters are lights out.
Max Wilkinson::Nik Budig unfortunately you could say the same thing about our 2nd group... they just had more starters play well/barnes solid off the bench
Alicia Narae Miller::Curry's single season 3 point record will get broken this year by S Curry and Klay Thompson. Book it.
Nikola Peckovic>Chuck Norris::any1 who has tickets to this game is so lucky...prolly one of the best matchups in the nba !!! Go wolves
Lou Saechao::I must say its a tough game for us Dubs but we should be able to win this game. after tonight dubs will be 4-1.
Renee Pavlovich::Come on warriors!! Lets beat those t-wolves!!!!
Brent B Jacoby::Rubio's potential does have a shelf life...
Eric Ramirez::Minnesota brought back down to reality.
DeMarco Robinson Raiderson::3 reality checks. this year  fakers, sixers and wolves
Alicia Narae Miller::Wolves are a good young team. They just ran into a great young team tonight
Jonny Ash::Another hot start!
Robert Deiters::Golden State Warriors can get a big win tonight. Iggy has been playing great basketball and can keep it up against the TWolves tonight. As long as this team gets hot quick, it will be a blowout tonight. If the TWolves stop stop the 3 pointers then they have a good chance of winning tonight.
Mickey Doherty::The Wolves scored 35+ in the 1st quarter in their 3 wins. Same can be said for our team, too.
Ryan McGuire::you should keep saying tonight, tonight
Mickey Doherty::This is tricky. Do we seriously leave Kevin Martin on Klay Thompson? That is a bad matchup for us. Golden State has too many scorers. Do we try to combat with Brewer on Klay, Williams on Igoudala? But then we dont have Martin on the court, who we need for scoring. Not sure what direction Adelman will go, but it will definitely be a tough matchup.
Austin Mackin::If Golden State gets any offensive production from their bench and can hold onto the ball they'll win by ten tonight, as well as any subsequent game played after. They shoot at too high of a clip from anywhere, pass well and have two shut down defenders in their starting five. Turnovers seal their fate in every loss they suffer.
Mickey Doherty::Who is the other shutdown defender to Igoudala? Igoudala will be on Brewer or Williams too, not really needed to shut down. I think Lee does a nice job down low against Love, but if Love is hitting from the outside it could be difficult for the Warriors.
Nate Fischer::Klay Thompson and Toney Douglas are both terrific defenders.   Fact.
Martín Polanco::Mickey Doherty Andrew Bogut is the second shutdown defender. Although I wouldn't really to call him a "shutdown defender", but he's still a top defender in the league, he did a nice job on Duncan last year in the playoffs. I don't think he'll be guarding Love tonight though, hence Bogut is a center.
