BowenDT71::Did Vince Carter dunk yesterday?
BillKnebel::I've never seen a player like lebron choke so efficiently
redbob4444::yea d rose choke and kills his team when he does whats the bulls record without d rose ?
redbob4444::BillKnebel must live in Oakland one tough troll
BillKnebel::U must wear a helmet in the shower. One dumb troll
sirmacalot2::Beyond Wade, LeBron and Bosh, who does Miami really have? Why do people feel they have such a stacked team? Neither of the 3 to me commands a double team. Boston has a 4, OKC is faster, and Chicago has a better bench.
BillKnebel::That is his hometown team. It's the only nba team in Ohio.
BillKnebel::I'm sure he is. He's only the biggest front runner in sports
redbob4444::im just saying if your not born somewhere its not your home thats pretty obvious and by the way lbj hates the browns and is a steeler fan lmao
BillKnebel::And no u can't argue the pacers or the bucks because Chicago has a team. Please tell me your not this stupid
BillKnebel::What question? U can argue Durant is better than lebron as much as u can Westbrook is better than rose
redbob4444::not really you cant make a reasonable argument anyone is better then lbj numbers dont lie dumb people do
redbob4444::so rose could play for the pacers bucks or the bulls and it would be his hometown team ? and why dont you answer any other questions cant talk your way outta em ?
BillKnebel::Witness thing. iPhone posting
BillKnebel::Lol even lebron dropped that whole witness after last years finals because now its embarrassing. Kobe wasn't drafted by Philly. Cleveland is within an hour from Akron. Lebron promised championships to CLE
redbob4444::the nba has a team in Akron ? why dont kobe play for the sixers? why dont rose ever play ? why the $@%! is rose your fav player? how is rose better then Westbrook? how are you so dumb even tho you "witnessed" the ecf last year
sirmacalot2::I live in Chicago too. They love Rose because of potential.
BillKnebel::Well we all know he couldn't do it by screwing over his home team and joining wade and bosh
redbob4444::maybe if lbj cries for a trade and gets pau the best defender in the nba  an all star center pluse the best player coming off the bench he can win it all
BillKnebel::That sounds like another king James excuse. Maybe if they add Dwight and deron lebron can finally get a ring
redbob4444::i agree with that statement besides the double team part lbj in the post is a nightmare with that said mia has the best two player of all teams in the nba
redbob4444::fair enough
sirmacalot2::I feel like you have to put 2 people on Durant. LeBron is strong don't get me wrong, but when he's at the top of the key about to do his move, he is more of a passing threat if the primary defender does a good job. Not saying he's a shut down defender, but Deng plays him pretty well.
redbob4444::players with worst nba finals then lbj = robert parish kobe bryant bruce Bowen Kareem fact !
redbob4444::ok lets review rose is absolutely shut down in the ecf shoots 35 % 23 3pt 4 t o
BillKnebel::Ok let's review. Rose has a better record, makes it further in the playoffs, and becomes the youngest MVP ever
redbob4444::what post do you give me facts and im pretty sure anyone who knows anything about basketball knows that lbj 3rd season was much better then roses 3rd remember i actually showed the facts
BillKnebel::See my post below. More facts on lebron than u have. We've already been through the 3 years rose argument
redbob4444::aint you a rose fan back that up lol
redbob4444::yea because your showing me so many figures lol im the only one that has showed any facts this whole time i couldn find the exact stat i was looking for shall i proceed to find them so you can $@%! because i thought you were in remission already
BillKnebel::Still waiting on these facts. The PER on your posts are lagging
redbob4444::so what was winning the finals like?
BillKnebel::Because there was 6-8 teams during russells era. Making the finals back then was like making the playoffs.
redbob4444::and if its all about the finals why dont people put Russel as the goat no exceptions o i get it you get to pick and choose to make your argument a good philosophy applies to all -Albert Einstein ,pretty smart dude
BillKnebel::Ya he was not the man on that team, bird was
redbob4444::i didnt use horry wtf you ever heard of a guy named robert parish ?
BillKnebel::Forget horry. U didn't mention him
BillKnebel::Let's see the facts. If u admit lebron isn't the man on his team, u can use all of these besides horry and Bowen. If not only leaders of the teams. Horry and Bowen are not superstars but I do understand u need to reach on this one.
BillKnebel::What superstar has ever choked harder than lebron in the history of the finals? 8 point game, terrible in the 4th. Ppg average dips -8. Please bring facts heat "fans"
BillKnebel::Comparing lebrons 2011 to a player that won in the finals. FAIL
redbob4444::shaq won kobes second and third fail !
BillKnebel::Kobe won his 2nd and 3rd. FAIL
redbob4444::so you want to shoot more and hurt the team even more i get your logic ? i cant find the exact stat but it was his second or third nba finals
BillKnebel::Maybe if lebron wasn't scared s h i t l e s s he would've shot more. What series ate u referring to with Kobe?
redbob4444::kobe had a worse final according to the PER if lbj had jacked up ten more shots a game then he woulda scored more then all the slower nba fans who dont know anything about the game of basketball wouldn't even think that lbj had choked even tho he did other stars have done worse in the finals
tripledouble916::cool heat fans like to mention lebron's PER, he's the best right, but he's been on a 8 yr losing streak.  WHAT A SHAME, KING WHAT A JOKE
redbob4444::tripledouble916 is the one that said 8 year losing streak so apparently non lbj fans and lbj fans are "arrogant"
BillKnebel::8 years huh? Wow u lebron nuthuggers are arrogant
redbob4444::im willing to bet who ever it is they havnt been to the finals or at least have had an 8 year loosing streak
BillKnebel::I'm willing to bet whoever it is, they didn't have the biggest choke job in the history of the finals
redbob4444::and who is your favorite player ?
redbob4444::TROLL KILLA !!
redbob4444::the same dude that takes goddy stats over efficient i guess huh
BillKnebel::Actually I've been handing it to u all day with facts
BillKnebel::U might kill trolls but not people who come with facts. I beat u in the rose 4th year thread.
redbob4444::Wilt Chamberlain        	31.84 	1962-63 	SFW     Highest PER In NBA History  Lebron James             30.47      2011-12         MIA  fair to say that   30.47 in 2012 &gt; 31.84 in 1963
BillKnebel::I like Jordan and rose, but id definitely put Kobe above lebron because he doesn't $@%! the bed in the finals like lebron
redbob4444::with all do respect to wilt he wouldn't average that in today's game or even in Jordan era
sirmacalot2::LOL Wilt averaged 50, but people think that the greatest scorer in the game is the Bobcats owner.
redbob4444::you would take inflated  stats over efficiency you must be a rose fan you like Kobe much bro ?
redbob4444::31.76 was his PER the year before when he averaged 50 ppg he only averaged 45 ppg the year with the highest PER !!!!!!!
redbob4444::right....
sirmacalot2::LOL only.
BillKnebel::I'll take averaging 50 over the per. Is that you hollinger?
redbob4444::did you not read highest PER in NBA History
BillKnebel::Why did u choose 1963? What about the year he averaged 50?
redbob4444::what did rose accomplish his fourth year lmao
burnsi1982bulls::while I agree its not the most important stat, but to be considered the best player in the league you should be mentally tough along with physically gifted. How many other MVP's, or best players considered the best in the league are afraid to take a last second shot?  Stats are not everything sometimes when you watch a game you can separate the the best player's in the league from a really good all star who stuffs the stat sheet.
BillKnebel::No. In the late 80s there were the lakers, pistons, and celtics that were better. For wilt you had russels celts
redbob4444::so wilt and jordan didnt have the best team in the nba there best years ???
BillKnebel::Wilt averaged 50. Oscar averaged a triple double. Jordan had better years. Lebron has the most stacked team in the league. Nice try though...
sirmacalot2::I would take OKC or LA over MIami any day in terms of better team.
redbob4444::yea and rose won mvp last year shows how legit that award is now days  lbj is right there with the greatest seasons ever with his per not to mention the competition level is extremely higher so if he finishes with anywhere near  the best per its probably the best season ever
BillKnebel::Jordan's late 80s seasons are better than lebrons 12. Lebron won't even beat out Durant for MVP
redbob4444::you can take your 45 % shooting anyday you want i will stick with the greatest season for a nba player ever.. you know lbj
BillKnebel::He's hit more game winners than lebron by far this year. The bulls can afford to rest him because of their record which is a good strategy with this crammed season. He'll be 100% come the playoffs. I'm fine with his 4th year so far...
Anti-Stratfordian::Irrelevant stat.  Jordan never hit the most game winners in the league in any year.
redbob4444::he has played 34 games dummy 3 games away form missing more games in one year then lbj has his whole career and i know its his fourth year dummy thats my point he aint $@%! this year  YOU CANT BE A GOOD PLAYER IF YOU CANT PLAY !!!!!!!!!
BillKnebel::This is the 4th year dummy. A better record than the heat so far....
BillKnebel::Alright now a REAL troll!
Anti-Stratfordian::No thanks to Rose.  He's been watching form the bench.
BillKnebel::How many excuses does a "king" need? 1. His elbow 2. His ring finger 3. His supporting cast 4. His mom is sleeping with his teammate 5. His girl is sleeping with Lewis 6. It was his first year with a new team 7. He made the "right basketball play" 8. Wade plays "hero ball"  The list goes on and on....
redbob4444::whats rose excuse i wasnt playing because im hurt again
redbob4444::Team 	G 	GS 	MPG 	FG% 	3P% 	FT% 	     OFF     	DEF 	RPG 	APG 	SPG 	BPG 	TO      PF 	              PPG  CLE 	79 	79 	42.5 	0.480 	0.335 	0.738 	0.9          	6.1          	7.0 	        6.6 	        1.6    	0.8 	       3.29    2.29         31.4  LEBRONS THIRD YEAR   CHI 	81 	81 	37.4 	0.445 	0.332 	0.858 	1.0 	        3.1    	4.1 	         7.7   	1.0   	0.6          3.43   1.68         25.0  DBRICK THIRD YEAR      WITH THAT STATED WHO HAD A BETTER THIRD YEAR ?????????
BillKnebel::His 3rd year 2006 he got bounced in round 2 dummy
redbob4444::true my bad
redbob4444::and lbj still made it just as far ecf and had better stats so he shoulda won mvp
BillKnebel::How far did lebron make it in the playoffs? How many MVPs did he have his first 3 years?
Dr Killapatient::Rose's support group was far greater than lebrons...
BillKnebel::If Lebron had the mental toughness of his supporters he would be fine.  It must be tough to defend this LOSER day in and day out and still take yourself seriosly.  Lebron's ppg in the Finals comapred to the regular season -8ppg.  If he played average and didn't CHOKE, he would be a 2 time champion.  Too bad he has no heart.
burnsi1982bulls::Yes the season was on the line but if you notice Lebron only hits big shots in the 4th quarter when his team has the lead.  When your winning the pressure isn't there.
redbob4444::THE ECF DIDNT MATTER?
redbob4444::THE SEASON WASNT ON THE LINE IN ECF I DONT FOLLOW
BillKnebel::Season on the line games. Lebron fine when he's ahead because he's the biggest from runner in sports, but once the real pressure starts, he quits.
redbob4444::all the loosing what games are you watching
BillKnebel::The games that mattered
redbob4444::im lookin for a troll with the name Bill Knebel anyone see it ?
redbob4444::LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! like jalen rose the guy who played more recently then debrick rose ? or d rose the guy who looked like a middle schooler last ecf?
BillKnebel::Youngest MVP in the history of the NBA.  How far did Lebron make it in year 3?
redbob4444::im just wondering why you dodge my question
BillKnebel::Rose
BillKnebel::All Facts son
BillKnebel::Lebron's legacy is RUINED.  In 20 years, when we mention Lebron the first thing that will come to 95% of the population is "The Decision."
burnsi1982bulls::Are you the same 5 % that still have dial up internet?
redbob4444::and the other 5 % who know basketball will say THE KING !
fairandbalanced00::Come playoff time, DWade&amp;Lebron&amp; will turn the Heat on, no matter what seeding the Heat will be. Hating chicago fans had forgotten how the Heatles dismissed them in 5games and debrick rose couldn't do nothing about. There will be a reality check for all bull fans AGAIN. ECF= Heat in 5 again!!
redbob4444::true true but im a troll hunter i kill em for a livin
redbob4444::a yo bill who ur fav player because i almost guarantee they choked before they even got to the finals
spidertical1::Don't feed the trolls son .
BillKnebel::And Lebron will CHOKE again in the most crucial moment of the season and make a FOOL out of you even more than you do to yourself
2010TL::If ever in need of a troll, come to the Heat board...
spidertical1::Lol. So true.
phinolah::LeBron James is horrible in the 4th quarter.  As a person, he has no redeeming qualities whatsoever...plus, he's going bald and he's as articulate as Bobcat Goldthwaite circa 1986.  That said, I enjoy watching him lose.  He's a villain, bad guy, evil doer, and the NBA needs that just like the WWE.  The NBA product is unwatchable because the players are difficult to root for primarily because they don't give effort.  They're lazy!!!  I would rather watch the LOGO channel than to sit through an NBA game.  I don't know who is paying to go watch those games live but their money is better spent building a bonfire and playing pickup sticks with their butt cheeks.
go_vols10::Bad guy and evil doer? Really? When was the last time he's been in trouble with the law or got in a fist fight at a bar? Cocky at times? Yes. But bad guy, no. The guy does a lot to give back to the community. You're just mad because he's not on your favorite team.
2010TL::Dude get a life, and stop being so damn emotional over $@%! you can't control...
Chad-Todd::17more games then its time for the Dwyane WAde show
PidhiZi::yea seriously, when james or miami wins it again, then they can talk..especially u fans..what do u all have to prove? NOTHING.. self proclaimed KING WITHOUT A RING!! wow..
PidhiZi::john lucas III &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; lebron
redbob4444::dont u mean lbj jumped &gt; lucas III
PidhiZi::haters.. as a bulls fan, the C's do not suck!!!!!!!!!!
spidertical1::This was like watching two people hook up on e-harmony or something. Did you guys exchange phone numbers too?? The haters have turned this into a personal ad section.
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::He would have been huge for our poor bench.
WashFlokie::He's really good, not enough credit given
PidhiZi::outta the east. i enjoy watching celtics play the most, besides bulls that is..heat not really..just saying..
WashFlokie::i wish Jeff Green's heart didnt break
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::The Bulls are the only other team in the East I respect. Great coaching and great team ball.
Cant think of a username beast 22::Heat vs. Celtics: 4-1  Only things you can say about the Celtics... They're an old team falling from their previous skill level.  In fact, every Boston team is old and about to go through a rebuilding stage, except the Bruins
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::Thank you for that stat from last season. I can bring up Mavs vs Heat 4-2, but that isnt relevant to this season either.
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::"Celtics suck. they're old"  Only thing Heat fans have to say about the Celtics. Sad.
sa330206::Celts are a pretty average team but they might have enough gas in the tank to make one final run this year.
GrizzK4::But that's really all there is to say about the Celtics.
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::I agree.
GrizzK4::Haha I actually have respect for the Celtics still, unlike most. KG is one of my favorite players of all time. And I will never forget the 7-game series between my Bulls and the Celts in Rose's rookie year! Best. Series. Ever.
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::Exactly, because they are a good, veteran team. Defense is one of the best in the league. Still have one of the best head coaches in the league. And are top 3 in offense efficiency. So saying that we suck is just ignorant.Even though I dont like them,  I've never once said the Heat suck.
Cant think of a username beast 22::Celtics suck
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::YAWN
sa330206::Yay you won a regular season game!
sa330206::aka doesn't mean much of anything.  What's going to happen when baby Lebron breaks a nail or "hurts his elbow" when the playoffs begin?
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::Wade will just injure the other team's best player
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::regular season games mean alot to them, when they win. The regular season is only meaningless when they lose. Thats the type of "fans" they are
spidertical1::Trollin, trollin, trollin,
Aicyla22::aka 36
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::Guess I'll just wait til Sunday. Gonna be a tough game for the soft heat players
sa330206::You seem to be a loyal Miami fan so I can't fault you for that.  Just curious.. why are you also an Indians fan?  How do you feel about the Cavs?
spidertical1::So i guess going on other teams pages to talk sh*t makes you one huh. Oh it just makes you a troll, that explains it.
Aicyla22::what are you talking about? how is that talking shit, thats factual information
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::talking sh*t isnt the same when you're the only "fan" here to back up your team.
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::The Miami bandwagon "fans" were really going crazy over last night's win. Mavs suck and couldnt handle the Heat. Looks like it's up to the Celtics to take care of business.
sa330206::Austin Rivers &gt; Lebron
spidertical1::Cool story bro. Good thing we don't give a f#$% about Boston.
spidertical1::"Yawn" Yep that's what the Celtics be doin' in there old age.
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::YAWN* only the big 3 are old. try again.
spidertical1::@ Aicyla - Thank you sweety.   @JB - Its not our fault your old and moldy Celtics are on their last leg.
Aicyla22::you're the one talking shit about the celtics taking care of business and they haven't done shit either
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::Cool story bro. I like how you "fans" talk sh*t and your team hasnt done anything lol. try again.
spidertical1::To all my Heat peoples, who's going to the road rally on Sunday??
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::Can somebody explain to me why Joey Crawford is sin the nba??
42Wolverine21::i finna gon hold up the trophy for the heat at end a season
BillKnebel::GED....get one
fairandbalanced00::...If the Heat feeds Bosh in the paint at least 15 touches, Miami will be unstoppable during the playoffs and finals.
Aicyla22::depends on what center we're playing against
watchDreplay::Sometimes he's pretty lethargic in the paint i.e. turnovers....
watchDreplay::Will the heat be able to pick up anyone decent in the next draft?
23sportsplex::UK NC?
23sportsplex::Personally I love ohio st. and Jared right now...I like him over Anthony.
enrique4692::yeah OSU looks good...but I want them to lose....I hate OSU....alot
enrique4692::Idk to be honest bacause Louisville looks really good, but yeah ill take them against Kansas
enrique4692::no its UM
enrique4692::so many different ways...Idk anymore
Aicyla22::isn't it supposed to be []_[]?
enrique4692::boo! I poop on your face...HOWEVER....I love Quentin Coples...god that guy scares me
23sportsplex::I'm not a UK fan...but do you think they will win?
enrique4692::ITS ALL ABOUT THE III_III sorry im rooting for my university!
Aicyla22::Where are all the haters today? :( I have a picture ready for them...
enrique4692::I have a video for Mavericks fans, this there horse after the game http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUXeFmz9ujY&amp;feature=related
enrique4692::lmao...sorry
23sportsplex::haha awesome
Aicyla22::haha my boss walked by my desk when that video was playing she gave me the crazy eye
23sportsplex::That vid was great
23sportsplex::whats the pic?
Aicyla22::ummm ok... well then no it wasn't a gabriel iglesisas reference...
enrique4692::but yet maybe im talking to myself, for i clearly clarified I was talking to you which may seem like I am but most likely I will be talking to 23sports and maybe myself at the same time while combning moments from the past and future to combine...I have gone cross eyed....
Aicyla22::hmmm are you talking to me? if yes idk what you're talking about...
enrique4692::was that a gabriel iglesisas reference, cus if it is.... THAT WAS HILARIOUS, yeah know the picture was funny
Aicyla22::even though your balls are broken it was still funny, no?
enrique4692::i think my balls broke apart there....owww
23sportsplex::YES! I love it!
Aicyla22::okay im hiding for when there are some haters around
Thetruth694::Good win last night. I am the first to say that the regular season doesn't mean squat but it's still nice to say you've swept the defending champs even if they're reeling now...
Thetruth694::Dallas should've never let Chandler walk. They were hoping to land Dwight Howard this summer and now they're S.O.L. with that plan. As long as Dirk is on that team it's hard to count them out but they're just not the same team without Chandler.
enrique4692::I like that Wright kid, just needs to beef up
enrique4692::that is called the Lame Duck Contract, Obama is technically in it right now or is in the Lame Duck part of his contract
watchDreplay::Here's a good question. Lin or Chalmers?
watchDreplay::I hope Chalmers picks it up. I cannot see the heat winning the ring without Mario contributing at least 9 points.
enrique4692::Chalmers...plays in an actual system, and is a way better better shooter, also he doesn't shoot more than his Star Players aka the guys that get paid Melo and Amare
watchDreplay::Stoudamire is so damn lucky. He signs a big contract and now he gets to sit on his butt and watch his team struggle for a playoff berth.
watchDreplay::Chandler was fing crazy during that series. Now he's just playing on a pathetic team.
enrique4692::yeah lets see....Lin or Kidd? Stoudamire or Dirk? Carmelo or ANYBODY? Terry or who's the Knicks Shooting Guard? Yeah he should of stayed
enrique4692::and the shot creator like barrera
Aicyla22::barrera gave us trouble last year
watchDreplay::The Mavs should've kept their 2011 team. They don't have the same defensive intensity without Chandler.
23sportsplex::bingo
enrique4692::you know...I dont see them reeling....they are still very good and could be in the finals again you never know... but yeah totally agree
Aicyla22::thats Thetruth
enrique4692::Thank you for calling Rapers Annoymous: If you are Kobe press 2 than 4
enrique4692::I understand, i hate Kobe so i do whatever it takes to break his nose
enrique4692::Kobe's number: 24
WadeIsARealBBallPlayer::Oh ok lol nice.
WadeIsARealBBallPlayer::Sadly I dont get reference -.-
watchDreplay::Is the Heat resting Miller or is he seriously hurt? I don't like how the 3 balls aren't falling.
WadeIsARealBBallPlayer::I thought Chalmers did decent last night.
brandonlee561heat22::He did ok, still shooting a terrible percentage since the AS break
watchDreplay::4-11	2-9	on 3 pointers.
Aicyla22::much better than he's been playing lately, but still passing ankle balls to battier
brandonlee561heat22::He's hurt, he will be back after the road trip
enrique4692::I love how Kobe...Lebron....Wade...Bulls.....Heat....Dinosaurs....and Rings are the main ideas in peoples comments
enrique4692::HAHA greta picture!
theresamodinthetree::dinosaurs deserve discussion.
23sportsplex::haha maybe...
Aicyla22::lol what? seems like you got an admirer over there, i vote you should go for it...
23sportsplex::i guess...i just had an old lady ask me if i go to the gym often...ha
Aicyla22::NP, see having a boring job allows for a lot of time to find random shit
23sportsplex::That made me laugh...thanks!
Aicyla22::http://cafewitteveen.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/dino.jpg
theresamodinthetree::unless you're talking about the raptors...
enrique4692::I use to be a great basketball player until Lebron broke my nose- Kobe
watchDreplay::He was playing pretty poorly prior to that altercation.
23sportsplex::dosent work...he was bad before that.
enrique4692::yeah lol i caught it
GrizzK4::*Wade
enrique4692::my bad Wade
theresamodinthetree::I'm a huge Lebron fan - but the difference between Kobe and Lebron is that when Kobe puts up a jumper there is a one in three chance I actually say out loud "Wow."  I'll admit there are moments I do that for Lebron, but I expect them a little bit more than I do from Kobe so it's just not the same reaction.
enrique4692::yeah i hope you realize the Lakers arent smelling the Finals for a while....So that means Kobe is sucking...my evidence: O&gt;K&gt;C
watchDreplay::Kobe's "killer instinct" is a double edge sword. He shoots himself and his team out the game. I don't understand why people say Kobe has a killer instinct. He just shoots and shoots some more.
WadeIsARealBBallPlayer::I'm a huge Wade fan - and he throws down, without bragging about how good he is, just like a lot of players now adays brag.  I just wanted to point out the fact he gets the job done.
enrique4692::I am worried about the Heat though because of the road games...its obvious we need that homecourt bad!
Thetruth694::Down here in Miami we are worse than L.A. when it comes to showing up to games on time. We take the phrase "fashionably late" to a whole 'nother level.   It really is dissapointing...
enrique4692::well...I only go to playoff games because of my company, but i watch every game on TV. But yes our fans our a little soft, but thats also because we live in a city of Miami with young teams and $@%! to do
enrique4692::hey my comebacks are sexy!
enrique4692::YOU LEAVE THEM ALONE!
mteo88::oh it doesn't matter to me, it matters to you heat fans...at least thats what the guy with the most clever comebacks mr enrique is sayin
mteo88::right........do all those empty seats in the stands really help out with that homecourt advantage? great fans you guys got down there
Aicyla22::what does it matter to you?
mteo88::how often do heat games sell out?
enrique4692::like your mother on friday night
watchDreplay::They were pretty good last year. I think health is a stronger factor.
WadeIsARealBBallPlayer::Yeah, Miami games are def. needed.
enrique4692::but i mean wtf last year we were so much better and we won our backtobacktoback up in the as.s games and now we stink
Cant think of a username beast 22::Let's be real for a moment: Kobe is easily the most overrated player in sports history - At his peak, the Clippers had better records than the Lakers - Biggest ballhog in the sports - Selfish as hell - average FG % - And he plays for LA
iTzDiRkFoR3::The only reason Kobe is shooting so bad this year is because he gets too used to the extra weight on his hands from all those rings
enrique4692::thats a good, i pat you the back with that one
watchDreplay::Read Shaq's book. Kobe is pretty introverted. Didn't even invite his teammates to his wedding. I don't buy his "my ex-teammates were like my brother crap".
brandonlee561heat22::Yes, Shaq exposes Kobe in his book!
WashFlokie::looked real old lastngiht
enrique4692::and he rapes women
enrique4692::lmao
WadeIsARealBBallPlayer::"She was willing" - KOBE
WadeIsARealBBallPlayer::Yeah lol I thought the same for #3
enrique4692::why do people hate the Heat? Its like if Magic, Jordan and Bird joined forces people would love that team...but now its vice versa? why because two guys didnt have rings with their respective teams? grow up
mteo88::ok if you think people would have loved magic, jordan and bird joining forced your delusional.  You never heard any conversation of players with that sort of talent teaming up.  The mindset back then was that every man had his own team. It was the fact that they lead their own teams that made them so great. Somewhere along the way that mindset has changed and this is the NBA as we know it today.
enrique4692::so they are gay people, thats nice
23sportsplex::most haters are just confused lovers...
Cant think of a username beast 22::SOURCES: D. Rose out, Tummy ache's
WadeIsARealBBallPlayer::Lol I thought so.
iTzDiRkFoR3::Lets be real for a moment. Kobe is easily the best player to ever play the game.  -Most Rings  -Untouchable FG %  -Unselfish  -Incredible Shot selection  -And he plays for LA
watchDreplay::I don't know to interpret it as sarcasm or extreme fanboyism.
iTzDiRkFoR3::Sarcasm.
WadeIsARealBBallPlayer::Everything on there is accurate, except for in my opinion I think he's selfish. (just opinion)
enrique4692::unseflfish...which Kobe Bryant are we talking about here- Reggie Miller
GrizzK4::Good one :P
AbsolutSaints::HAHAHA...How is this "revenge" ?  They lost the Championship to the Mavs... If a regular season game the next year is considered"revenge" they are kidding themselves.  They need to win a championship in order to get "revenge".  The Mavs got "Revenge when they defeated the Heat...since they lost to them 6 years ago in the finals.  Regular season games are no where close to the playoffs.  If that makes Lebron, Wade, and Bosh feel better about themselves, then they are little girls and need to get over it.  ITS A NEW SEASON...
enrique4692::lol idc, im an American born and raised in Miami...just cus my name is more sexy than his and hes hasn't been laid since Knicks the Hornets were relevant i can understand
AbsolutSaints::when are you going to file for citizenship?
enrique4692::when are you gonna stop liking your comments?
theresamodinthetree::wow. what a dick head.
enrique4692::hey sean payton filed for unemployment!
AbsolutSaints::no, but their post game interviews and their giggling on the bench speak volumes... Lebron will NEVER win a championship with the HEAT...
brandonlee561heat22::Ok, I respect your <i>opinion</i>
brandonlee561heat22::I don't think Lebron, bosh or Wade are the author's of this article.
watchDreplay::What's up with Rose? Is he hurt or just resting? Or being lazy lol.
watchDreplay::Thing is during the playoffs last year, everyone knew Rose would drive thus people were just standing around waiting to be open. And when Lebron guarded Rose, he was quick enough to cut off Rose and contest his shots. Point is Rose is a bit predictable.
GrizzK4::That is 100% true, LAST year. Thank God the rest of the team has taken some accountability and are working harder to be a TEAM instead of just D-Rose and friends. Hopefully that improvement will carry into the playoffs too. Otherwise it could be the same story as last year.
watchDreplay::I think the ball moves better without Rose.
GrizzK4::They swing it around more without him, but that's because nobody else on that team can drive like he does! He makes everything way easier, teams have to collapse on his drives which leaves wide open shooters. The assists are actually higher when he's playing.
23sportsplex::ok dont get me wrong i think rose is a good player, but watchin the bulls roll without him...
GrizzK4::He most certainly was the MVP last year! This year is a totally different story and a totally different team. Bench players have stepped up and other starters have stepped up too, he hasn't had to completely carry the team like he did last year. This year you can't stop the Bulls simply by stopping Rose!
23sportsplex::I dont think they are worse with him, but mvp...dont think so.
brandonlee561heat22::I know I would lol. but they are playing reallly good without him
GrizzK4::Hopefully it'll just be an improvement when he comes back! So many bums are saying the Bulls are better without D-Rose, I'm sure the Heat would LOVE to see him benched for their games :P
brandonlee561heat22::Scary to me...
brandonlee561heat22::He's hurt, I can't see a reason for him to just be resting.
GrizzK4::No clue when he'll be back, I could see him either being that hurt, or just being super conservative with it so that he's plenty rested. He's already had enough time off, just needs to get back in the flow of things! I would love to see him back for the OKC game, hopefully we won't need him tonight. The sooner we can get D-Rose and Rip back healthy and meshing, the better!
brandonlee561heat22::Im not sure, i read a few day's ago he is going to be back for the OKC game
WadeIsARealBBallPlayer::You think he'll play tonight?
WadeIsARealBBallPlayer::Nice win by the Heat, throughly satisfied with Wade's preformance XD
watchDreplay::I think he should rest like two weeks before the playoffs to come back beasting like he did before the all-star break.
WashFlokie::thanks for beating Dallas uglyness, see you guys in a couple games
23sportsplex::uglyness?
WashFlokie::nice form on his shot, but moves... yeah nah
WashFlokie::no way, they are ugly. elbow elbow back down, make a face throw your arms around
23sportsplex::dirk is ugly..i will give you that, but he has some killer moves.
WashFlokie::blind fan i guess, dallas dirk and the gang, just ugly, ugly moves. uglyness
23sportsplex::i dont get  it...why uglyness?
WashFlokie::i hate dallas, and yes uglyness
