j_giants_c::Melo is playing at a higher level than anyone in nba right now
JenoPogi::Not to complain, but he should have done it earlier in the season. But the more I think of it, I like it like this with their overall story. Stuff made for the movies. A beaten down team who fights back in the end. A championship would be a great ending!
nycbleedsorange::yup
savetheplanet35::the knicks have 2 problems they have to work on...1st is the rebounding... 2nd is getting out to big leads and having to hold on...big leads against pacers,bulls,nets,boston and ended up losing 1 of those games.
HistoryBuff_______::Is Jeremy Lin playing anytime soon?
savetheplanet35::knicks doing just fine without lin...he can sit out until next year hopefully he works on his game and his conditioning....and stop tripping over his own feet
Ch8yp2s::@savetheplanet35............LIN SAVED THE KNICKS SEASON, OK...........CANT DENY WHAT LIN HAD DONE FOR KNICKS.........THOSE OF YOU ARE QUICK TO JUDGE, YOU ONLY SEE THE PRESENT, BUT FAIL TO SEE WHAT CREATE IN THE PAST THAT LEAD TO THE PRESENT........!!
nycbleedsorange::let the nets or someone take him and offer him a ton of $.  go after a guy like jared bayless.
nycbleedsorange::no.  2nd round of playoffs maybe.
HistoryBuff_______::Oh well, I guess I'll just go for the Heat again.
savetheplanet35::MELO, PIERCE , the indiana pacers and spurs...all are hot right now...
nycbleedsorange::and bynum
nycbleedsorange::unfortunately the Magic have a home game vs the Bobcats still to come but their other 3 games are all very losable.  Knicks win out Magic go 1-3 we can grab that 6 spot and lookout Indiana
gmen-win-2012::MELO
Michael38061::The truth is, Melo started playing well coincidental to the Lin knee surgery. Knick fans have had to wait that long for him to get in shape. Now, he and the other players are slowly climbing onto the same page. Melo's finding out that it is more advantageous and victorious when he involves the rest of the team, rather than ignore them during his shooting frenzy
arbn11boogaloo::Melo still averages close to 20 shots per game.
nycbleedsorange::why wouldnt he hes one of the couple best scorers in the league and the team has no 2nd scorer right now.  hes shooting over 50% over the last 10-12 games.
HistoryBuff_______::Let's keep it real  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSqV3rWM4iQ
AbeEasy::what is this talk of Amare off the bench? #1 I agree D' Antoni did not coach this team right meaning in the locker room it seemed like he was timid and couldn't assign each stars role so yes it was one or the other Amare or Melo but this is a whole different scenario with the new coach that's used to coaching a team...........team ball that's what the hawks did to go on playoff runs and if this knicks team isn't better than any Atlanta Hawks team hes coached in the past I'll shut up right now But Tyson and Amare up front melo at the three and all the shooters you have in the back court that can go on a run at any time J.R smith, Bibby, Baron, Novak, if they can come together they would compete to play in the finals I don't see Chicago getting with this team with what they have and nor does Miami have the bench to compete with them Woodson is doing a good job teaching team ball and if he can transition Amare back in the lineup and he can get off too nobody in the east will be able to touch them.........
Mackenndy::I have been telling since the beginning of the regular season D'antony needed to go, he did not suit the  Knicks,  i don't know if he was sleeping with the  Dolan's daughter they let the team getting from bad to worse.This idiot should have got fire long time ago now the team would
15pur::I think the Knicks are are TOP 8 team..Not great but on their way to an Elite team when its put all together.
army of bono::Not sure how they can be on their way to being elite. Amare is their 2nd best player and his body is falling apart.  Not really a whole lot of time left for this core to "pull it together"
15pur::Team before the trade was OK...nothing great. STAT brought a mentality but they STAT included still stunk on D. The teams were so bad in prior years that it brought a glimmer of excitement nothing more. Felton, Gal, Chandler and No D.. OK nothing great if you want to waffle as a 8th seed.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::the team under woodson is VASTLY improved. this is fact. antoni did nothing for NYK except keep the seat warm
army of bono::So the Knicks team today is great?
agoods03::I'm just saying that the trade last year helped us more than hurt us when you look at it now.  Our roster is loaded with talent and we would've never brought in Chandler who has been the most consistent player all year.
crunchykev::AOB, I'm with you bro,
army of bono::Let's be honest here.  He came into a really bad situation and turned it around rather quickly.   Before Dolan traded 3/5 of his starting lineup for a guy that just doens't fit his coaching system the Knicks were playing very well.   Change had to be made and I appreciate a more defensive minded gameplan, but give the guy the credit he deserves.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::and they could NOT stop anyone from scoring 100 points...so who cares? that team was nothing more than purgatory
army of bono::Effort was NOT poor before the Melo trade.  They were one of the hardest working teams with Felton, Chandler, Gallo...
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::no he doesnt...he did nothing positive for NYK
army of bono::Did I say D'Antoni deserved to stay?  No.  He just deserves credit for his role in turning a sorry franchise around.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Antoni's run had nothing to do with a "really bad situation" Bad rosters can still rank highly in defense...look at the Grizzlies during the first years of Antoni's reign.   He sucks hard. Can't make adjustments in game, thinks 3 pters are as easy as layups and no defense. And he cant command respect in the locker room. Players like him, but they dont listen to him
15pur::"No" D'Antonio has 6 million reasons why he should have worked with what he had and adjust to the players he had. I don't give him credit at all because all his Knicks teams were pretty bad and were never fun to watch..As a Fan I understood about the ca sitch but effort was always poor and he always had an excuse that he needed his type of players..A coach uses what he has and the players reward with effort. He failed miserable
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Why do people always say this? I dont get you. The Knicks had the NBA's WORST defense under Antoni before that trade. That team was going nowhere.
agoods03::And we wouldn't have Tyson, he is the main reason for our success this year.
army of bono::I wouldn't say that at all.  We could have kept most of that roster together and still added Carmelo (or another max salary) in the offseason.
agoods03::But understand that with that roster last year we had no chance of ever competing for a title.  Bringing Melo in and rebuilding with the guys we have now actually gives us a chance.  So in retrospect that trade was better for the team in the long run.  D'Antoni is limited as a HC because he doesn't coach defense at all.  I like Woodson and would be upset if we didn't bring him back regardless of what happens this year.
crunchykev::Offense first guys never win titles. He did bring us back to the play-offs and for that we say thanks. Hopefully Mike Woodson takes us the rest of the way
agoods03::Yeah like the day he was hired.
HistoryBuff_______::I think the Knicks will sneak into the 6th seed, just like Jeremy Lin's people did at Pearl Harbor.
AbeEasy::This is a good place for the slap app..........Its when a Ving Rhames sized hand comes out of your computer screen when you post comments that you feel are funny, witty or cute but they are plain ignorant, How do you feel when you tell a hilarious joke but no one laughs? They just look at you with the death stare. You should feel like you need 4 fingers across the jaw because you do.......Slap App coming to a market near you                                                                                                                                                      __By Mennan__
Psahni::Damn for a place where the citizens pride themselves so much on their country they sure don't know what the ideals of it are very well.
crunchykev::He's probably not a racist, just an a**hole
agoods03::Or he is just both racist and an a-hole
agoods03::When you make a statement like that I have no choice but to assume you're racist.
agoods03::Jeremy Lin is American.
ammizny::And he is of Taiwanese decent, not Japanese.
agoods03::Racists will always live in their bliss of ignorance.
army of bono::Racists will never understand that fact.
army of bono::The only chance the Knicks have of getting to the second round is to move out of the 7th spot or hope the Heat move out of the 2.
AbeEasy::Well let me shed some light on this, now I'm a heat fan so I won't go as far as saying its impossible for the knicks to beat the heat but it makes for good T.V, lets talk matchups, we know the heat have Lebron, wade and Bosh right but if Amare can muscle Bosh and keep him under 20 points lets say 10 to 17 points and throw shumpert on Wade and keep him under 30 and let lebron get his 25 to 30 pts a game as long as NY can eclipse 100 points the heat really have no bench to match the knicks and the knick have a lot more weapons if Mike woodson can orchestrate it correctly
crunchykev::They NEVER should have traded him!!!!
crunchykev::I'll just be wearing my Dave DeBusschere #22 and rooting as hard as posssible
army of bono::I'll be right there with my Mark Jackson #13!
crunchykev::Me neither, but that's why we play the games my friend.
crunchykev::I would agree, but I'm old enough to remember the 70 series against the Lakers and we had no chance then. The same with 73. And if there'd been a 3 point line in 72 the Knicks would've crushed the whole league that year!
army of bono::The scariest part about the Heat (aside from the two best players in the game) is they are all very willing and able defenders.
Thetimpanikid16::yeah. Not a good matchup. More physical team and a better rebounding team. Plus, Lebron for 3 quarters and Wade for the final one..... throw in Bosh to makes some plays. The Knicks can compete and make the games close but I don't see a very close series. Maybe 6 games if we're lucky but probably 5.
army of bono::True, I suppose there is always a chance, no matter how slim.  Just don't see this team competing well with the Heat.
Mackenndy::That's what i would like to know ,if they win all the remaining games,will they?
army of bono::Mathematically possible but not likely to move up.  Possibly they could move to 8th.
navej::Interesting how so many fans of other teams are posting here.  As a NYK fan, I would never bother going on another team's message board.  You certainly have the right to post on any board but my guess is you people are either worried about the possibility of facing NYK in the playoffs or just have nothing better to do.
agoods03::They're scared.
crunchykev::I like Woodson. He was drafted as a Knick. I remember him well as a defensive minded guard and thus far his coaching has been  just what this group needed. The Knicks have the talent to advance to the second round and if Amare and Lin get healthy... who knows?
army of bono::As long as we don't draw Miami in the first I agree.
Mackenndy::let see if the Knicks win those 4 games remaining, do they will have chance to go up to 6 seed , because i dont want to play n either Bulls nor the Heats in the first round. In this case the Magic will have to loose all their games remaining witch is impossible. What you guys think about that?
15pur::"It’s my job, I’ve got to fit him (STAT) back in the mix. ... It’s my job to push him to help us stay where we are,  with the help of myself helping him we’ll figure it out. I promise you that." - Woody  This is a real basketball coach, not some dope who has a so called "system" that was being shoved down everyone's throats. How many times have we heard the word "system" since Woody has coached..Play with what you have. That simple..
drawitall::The only person that could hold Melo under 20points was the coach who QUIT !!  I won't even mention his name !!
drawitall::Melo is in a zone !! Look  for the knicks to have  punchers chance to advance to 2nd round. This team is coming out of no where with the firing of the coach and  the  Lin controversy, not to mention all the injuries.  This team has the  heart of a lion and you have to love the knicks who battle and battle to the end.  Good Job by coach Woodson  finding a way to get this  team in the playoffs  :)
TheEsquireOf212::Brown and Woodson do not look alike, nor do all Blacks.
drawitall::sorry , just got a little confused
Miamispic::I hope the Knicks miss the playoffs. The hours of entertainment on these comment boards would be priceless. That would be sweet!
TheEsquireOf212::Someone's got an inferiority complex (OP).
drawitall::When they beat the HEAT, I'll look you up :)
nycabbie21::Pacers fans must be SH!TT!NG on themselves hoping they don't have to face the knicks in the 1st round
TheEsquireOf212::Pacers players AND fans are hoping to avoid the Knicks.
Miamispic::The pacers would win that series in 6 games.
moosiphoosus::Why not say the Pacers instead of their fans?
ButtSniffer Mcgee::Knicks should probably actually get into the playoffs first before thinking like that
ButtSniffer Mcgee::aww man i didnt know it was a game show here? :( and i wasnt saying they werent going to make it into the playoffs i was just saying they should first clinch a spot then talk about who they are facing...thanks for playing
TheEsquireOf212::It is a formality at this point. That line is no longer credible, like it might have been in February. Thanks for playing.
BYoung2k12::WHOS GOT A BIGGER CO CK THAN ME? NOBODYYYYYYYYYYY
Miamispic::When you are alone, yes yours is the biggest.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::You have a chicken farm?
ChiAllDay247::woah..pretty wierd
coltsfan1331::"your_a_scam" likes girls who are under 18!!! What a creep!
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Isn't that legal in the south?
Miamispic::Hey hey hey..... In Florida, the further south you go, the further north you get.  North of Orlando is where the inbreeding begins.
thenbatmm::is this cute? please support my brother for PROM contest! how was YOUR PROM??  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jW2rmEX5nLM
thenbatmm::]=
coltsfan1331::To explain... no one cares....
thenbatmm::? mean^
coltsfan1331::shut the $@%! up
your_a_scam::NY TEAMS HAVE WAY MORE RINGS THEN INDY TEAMS&gt; 3 SEED WHO CARES
coltsfan1331::Ur just a sore loser....$@%!$! LOL!
coltsfan1331::NYC has more trash than every city combined (people + actual trash) .... who cares
your_a_scam::INDY TEAMS GET NO RINGS
your_a_scam::MELO IS BETTER THEN ANY SCRUB ON INDY
run-on-sentence::Having your superstar be the main staple of the offense until you make him draw double teams sounds like a virus to me.  Actually go to a game and watch Melo play, because like Shaq said two nights ago "they obviously don't have TV's in Indiana"
coltsfan1331::LOL! Indy wouldnt accept Melo for free.... Hes a virus and you know it! NBA is a team sport...Melo thinks differentaly....
coltsfan1331::Good one bro! LOL! Hope the Knicks make it so they get swept and then blame their weak asian on not being able to play point. LOL!
your_a_scam::THE ONLY GOOD ABOUT INDY WAS THE SUPERBOWL WAS IN INDY WERE THE NEW YORK GIANTS TOOK HOME THE HARDWARE
your_a_scam::COLTS 2 WINS
coltsfan1331::I love how in an NBA u have to talk trash about NFL teams....LOL!
your_a_scam::LOL THATS ALL U HAVE
your_a_scam::I COULD TALK ANY SPORT INDY SUCKS IN EVERY SPORT
coltsfan1331::Pacers 3 seed. Knicks 7 seed. Enough said...
coltsfan1331::Of course u have to go to NFL for trash talk. Nice one dude! LOL! GO PACERS!
coltsfan1331::your_a_scam is a joke...please dont take that trash of a new yorker serious....
your_a_scam::ANYTHING FROM INDY IS TRASH. GARY IS A POOR CITY
coltsfan1331::Agreed....Gary does not define Indy. Good one budy. LOL!
your_a_scam::KNICKS DESTORY THOSE PACERS THIS SEASON  GET REAL BRO
your_a_scam::WHEN THEY PLAY EACH OTHER EXPECT A TRASHING
coltsfan1331::Knicks out in 1st round....wont happen
coltsfan1331::HAHAHAHA Pacers 3rd....Knicks still batling for what 7th....NICE LOL
your_a_scam::THE COLTS ARE SCAMS, ANDRE LUCK WILL BE A BUST
longhornsin2012::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching  the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works because this system has really helped me to start winning finally
coltsfan1331::Maybe a dumb Asian Lin fan will jump on board...
coltsfan1331::Ponzi Scheme... Ur a stupid Knicks fan...
coltsfan1331::NYC fans who think they r legit in the east, LOL. Get real....its either the Pacers Heat or Bulls. Grow up NYC fans. Dont be dumb....
drawitall::Pacers are not going to get in the playoffs
moosiphoosus::Go to the standings and if you notice an "X" next to the team that means they MADE THE PLAYOFFS....
dburrells::The only way the pacers advance is if they get the magic without Howard.
RED_GOLD_MANNING::lol pacers?  credibility status: zero
coltsfan1331::HAHAHAHA u think the Knicks have a chance...Get Real! Thanks bro!
AchefsFan::Jeremy Lin: I played only 10 games yet the media has crowned me the best player in NBA history....even greater than Magic and Jordan...Long live LINsanity!!!!!!!!!!!!!
coltsfan1331::TimEliTebow....ur a $@%!$@% period.
TimEliTebow15::dont worry, linsanity will return to the garden next season.
coltsfan1331::Always next season...since 1972 LOL!!!!! NYC is a joke and a dump..
longhornsin2012::Melo has been looking sharp on the court lately. Complete turn around compared to earlier in the season
longhornsin2012::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching  the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works because this system has really helped me to start winning finally
longhornsin2012::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching  the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works because this system has really helped me to start winning finally
itsaboutteam::I think it's pretty obvious that Melo is finally 100% physically.  When he is playing (finally) at a high level, you can see his mastery of the offensive game.  He can be a great scorer when healthy.   The problem is his inabilty this year to maintain any of the excellence for relevant stretches.  He has looked pretty bad at times this season so it's good to see him finally shape into the player he can be.  The challenge for Melo is keeping this level of play going.
coltsfan1331::LOL. Im a Pacers fan...I wouldnt take Melo for free....guy is trash and is a virus. Good luck at 8th or 7th seend. We r 3rd....
TheEsquireOf212::Exactly.
dburrells::Talk about team play all you want, with no go to guy, the pacers will be out in 5 if you are lucky.
your_a_scam::I don't why you think it's pathetic all of sports fandom is irrational. i’m allowed to irrationally hate aspects of the Knicks and then justify that hatred. it’s what we do. when a team floods your arena with their manhattan-front-running trash to the point where people look at YOU funny in your own home building, you wouldn’t have a pulse if you didn’t get a little angry about it.  it’s a goddamn rivalry, at least on our end. we hate them. we’ll find reasons to hate them. it’s sports
B i l l O n t a r i o::Jeremy Rin is rearry good at praying basketbarr
coltsfan1331::Ur Asian, no?
your_a_scam::I use'ta sneak in my moms room and turn on the A.C. &amp; Cable while she was gone.. One day I fell asleep... #YouEverGotWokeUpWitSlaps
coltsfan1331::Ur from Jersey I assume?....TRASH
formaggio jones::Knicks need the 6th seed, Miami will be very tough
coltsfan1331::LOL....its the knicks...ne series will be tough! They are battling 500.....get REAL "NYC" fan.....1972....nice
vions::Just get into playoff and have some fun, create some memories along the way. This is what sports is about. Why take it so seriously? Which teams do you like?
coltsfan1331::Hey "vions" AKA "$@%!$" I meant the Knicks r going to have trouble with any series. Your welcome
vions::Don't get it. What does "ne series" mean?
vions::As MEEENMACHINE pointed out, the road game against Atlanta will be tough. Only If Knicks win this pivotal game that they can get the 6th seed (ahead of the Magic). Melo will be on top of his game as usual. JR and Novak must make their 3s. Fields must play less minutes (by giving his minutes to shooter JR and Novak).
vions::What are you trying to say? Try to speak clearly regardless which world you are in.
coltsfan1331::What world r u living in?
formaggio jones::Melo was making more baskets than Cromertie was making baby's
nbafan22222::Give Jerome Jordan some more minutes!  He makes shots and has a lot of potential.
csebelle::The 6th spot is within reach...Orlando has 3 on the road at some very tough places...but the Knicks have a tough 4 games ahead....LETS GO KNICKS!
vions::PSU__: that will be the best scenario. Though I think they might lose one of the two games vs. Clipper and Hawks.
PSU__::@ vions:  Knicks will go 4-0 and finish 37-29
coltsfan1331::LOL NYC fan..... GO PACERS!!!!!
vions::Unlikely. The Knicks is 33/29 and Magic is 36/26 right now. Knicks will be 33/29+3/1=36/30 if it goes 3/1. Magic will be 37/29 if it goes 1/3. So Magic will most likely get the 6th seed  ahead of the Knicks and 76ers.
MEEENMACHINE::Same analysis I had ... Knicks going 3-1 , losing to the Hawks ...Magic going 1-3 , winning vs the Bobcats !
derrick7070::i will love to see the Knicks in the 6 spot ,to get a series without the heats or bulls.they could be hard to deal with after that.
coltsfan1331::Ur a joke. Its the Knicks.... They are battling 500. Get REAL.....
SFEST13::Gerald Green is actually a monster. Nets need to utilize him even more!
derrick7070::with a healthy lopez nets is a playoff team
coltsfan1331::Good luck with that...
Giants-Knicks-R-back::Agreed
BrianFLOCKA::Melo is playing like a MVP right now .. When STAT comes back I see us going to the ECF. Period ! In all are loses against those possible playoff opponents we couldn't rebound that was are only flaw .. We can score and play defense now . We just be gettin out rebounded and allowing 2nd chance opportunities.. Once STAT is back him and Tyson can controll the boards ... so beware of the Knicks
rashidrashid::Melo the best can't be stopped haters should be ashamed for criticizing this man ....best player score in the league...Melo ...MVP
2524thomas::Let him finish his 40oz first..
Giants-Knicks-R-back::PLEASE edit this and make your point in somewhat better grammar. Thank you
navej::Looking at the schedules... It's a long shot but if NYK can win out and if ORL loses 3 out of their last 4 then both teams will end up with 37 wins in which case NYK would get #6 seed vs. #3 IND.  This is because NYK owns the tie-breaker, having won 2 of 3 vs. ORL this season.   NYK's remaining 4 games: @ CLE, @ ATL, LAC, @ CHA.   ORL's remaining 4 games: @ Utah, @ DEN, CHA, @ MEM.   Let's go NYK!  One game at a time...
coltsfan1331::As a Pacer fan...i would love to battle the Knicks...Best team we could face! Knicks are still battling 500....u guys r jokes of the NBA LOL!
navej::NYK would beat Indy.  You better hope for ORL.
ny445::i honestly think the magic drop 3 of those 4 games memphis is hot utah is hard to play at home and denver is always dangerous
KnicksCuse718::Denevr will be a lost especially at home. they have the best home court advantage in the nba with their elevated altitude
dool22::trade Melo for Lebron  The Heat gets a clutch player and the knicks get a team player
coltsfan1331::Honestly the Knicks will have trouble giving away Melo.... He's not a team player. NBA is a team sport, watch the Pacers...might learn something
Giants-Knicks-R-back::What is the actual point of this post??
coltsfan1331::Ur name is funny....not true LOL
