rocksballer58::Anyone notice that the game recap reads "Bismack Biyombo and Warrick led the way for the Broncos" towards the bottom?
joest2003::Time for Dunlap to give the Green light to Kemba thers no reason for him to only be attempting 9 shots in a game.
greenbean47::pointed out already
heitz13::third in the East and that's the best recap ESPN can do?  feelin the love
pfoote14::Wow is Brendan Haywood bad...1 rebound in 27 minutes as a center.
Macdabluepanther::Yeah, CHA gotta get a better big man
TCluvcarpanthers::He's a terrible rebounder for his size.
Mary11970::If only Bismack Biyombo could have blocked that field goal today, then the Broncos could have pulled it out.
Mary11970::Man if Bismack Byombo was leading the BRONCOS, no wonder they lost to the Ravens today lol. Come on ESPN,
My_Handwriting_Isnt_Legible::Grats on the triple double D-West.
Taco with a Q::Good game Pacers, had me worried for a minute but I knew they would pull it off without PG.... Props to West for getting his triple double!!   He hasnt shot it well but that man will ALWAYS find a way to help his team win!  Love that man!  Re-sign West NOW!!!
Rexanilatorz::We aren't able to try and resign West till after season
Taco with a Q::yeah true, I just hope we do
transparenthuman6::In the recap: "Bismack Biyombo and Warrick led the way for the Broncos early in the third as they pushed the lead to 56-51."  Whoops.  Wrong sport.
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::Props to the Pacers. Y'all first place in the Central and deserve it. And to DuttyBibs...In Pacers We Trust is starting to become more real and real now with each and every game ;).
Rexanilatorz::If Pacers beat Nets tomorrow we would have beaten the 1 2 and 4 seed in East all in 1 week!
Rexanilatorz::Nets are the 4 seed look at the standings
FunkVolumeOF::Tomorrow sunday, and the nets are not the 4 seed. By good try. #pacernation
Rexanilatorz::we didn't play atlanta this week
airic.ad::but lost to 5 seed (Atlanta)
Rexanilatorz::Bismack Biyomobo and Warrick led the way for the Broncos early in the third as they pushed the lead to 56-51. Indiana, however, answered with a 13-2 run to go up 64-56, and the Pacers didn't trail again.   LOL this recap is awesome
BJMcQueen::hahah wow
aphotdog95::This is the worst recap ever! Doesn't mention West's triple double and they said the Broncos instead of the Bobcats!
Rexanilatorz::crazy just noticed the Nets are the 4th seed
Rexanilatorz::Suns are destroying the Bulls!
Coltsmack922::ESPN hates the Pacers. They take up more room on the top news section talking about the HORRIBLE Lakers and Kobe's divorce. Meanwhile, the Pacers are one of the best teams in the NBA and didn't even get a mention after beating the Heat.
pacerpride35::Big night for David West as the Blue and Gold keep rolling.
Rexanilatorz::wow that was the first triple double of David Wests career guess that makes sense since he played with CP3 in New Orleans
nicholasmcmanus::Had a two team parlay on Orlando and Charlotte, too bad the Bobcats couldn't come up with this won. Would've won 96K.
hoops 112hoping::Pacers trade Granger, HIll Sixers trade Holiday Something along these lines would be an AWESOME trade for us. Holiday and George... wow
ColtsHoosiersPacersDude::why would we trade hill and granger for holiday?
Rexanilatorz::I would want more than just Holliday for that
Rexanilatorz::wow i just learned something shocking George hill still hasn't gotten a triple double they took away 1 of his assists from that game that he got a triple double
Rexanilatorz::so only HIbbert and West have got a triple double this season
hoops 112hoping::At this moment, paul george is probably playing on his xbox right now but when vogel calls him to see how he's doing he'll be asleep :P
Rexanilatorz::weird thought he played CoD
Indiana Pacers 2013 NBA Champions::lol he is playing FIFA right now. I know his xbox name
hoops 112hoping::LOL i'm not surprised at all
TimmyHardawayJr10::Lets go Suns!
hoops 112hoping::sorry bobcat fans if you wanted to see some good offense this game. To make up for it on tuesday, you'll probably get to see the amazing paul george!
Michael385170::You forget, for the Bobcats there is no such thing as a "home" court advantage
MasterOfLogic::The next one will be just as close as this one, we're not at home.
Michael385170::No thank you I think I might pass on that one.
matt25485::1/2 game outta second 1 1/2 outta first! Frank Vogel could be coaching the all star game for the east!!!
matt25485::I think Stern lets him if we have the best record in the East
MasterOfLogic::... if Stern weren't in charge. That's the problem.
AGirlThatLovesSports_::good effort bobcats!!!
MasterOfLogic::What happened to PG???
MasterOfLogic::Oh, okay, good. Turned out for the best.... the rest of the guys stepped up.
TimmyHardawayJr10::Flu. Didn't play. Expected to ply tomorrow
Rexanilatorz::flu so just rested him
Hoosierhawk18::Flu
raaaj989::SU CK IT PEYTON!
AGermanTaco v2.0::Pacers better put up a good game tomorrow Vs my Nets!! Good game tonight though, i hope it passes on to tomorrow
BJMcQueen::Hope the Hornets win tomorrow vs the knicks so we can get the 2 seed!
BJMcQueen::Yeah, the hornets have been playing really well since getting gordon back
Rexanilatorz::Hornets have been on a roll ever since Eric Gordon entered the starting lineup they are on a 4 game winning streak beating the Spurs/Rockets/Mavs/Wolves
matt25485::the way the knicks have been playing lately its not unreasonable
TimmyHardawayJr10::Bulls trolls need to go worry about Phoenix
Rexanilatorz::Bulls Fans must not even realize they are losing
Rexanilatorz::safe to say Dominique McGuire isn't getting another 10 day contract only played 7 minutes after starting and played AWFUL
Michael385170::Good bye pacer fans, see you in two games!
leo9212::well good to see real fans
jwright520::half game back of 2nd!
AGermanTaco v2.0::"Bobcats couldve been saved by me in this type of situation"  -Tracy MacGrady
enewshan::atleast t mac had a few years of domination....oden hasnt played more than two consecutive games ever lol
AGermanTaco v2.0::Yeah lol
leo9212::T - mac got suspended from the chinese basketball team for calling the refs blind mice
AGermanTaco v2.0::That was one funny story man
Macdabluepanther::lol...I miss my "Main Man" T-Mac
AGermanTaco v2.0::If it werent for injuries, he and Greg Oden wouldve been beast players
leo9212::Bulls have some big time trolls.
AGermanTaco v2.0::Agreed
Hoosierhawk18::That they do
Michael385170::Hello Hoosier hawk, remember I did also say I was a bobcats fan
leo9212::they all think they gona win the east lol
Macdabluepanther::Dang, I didn't know David West was from Garner, NC...thats whussup! Wish CHA could get him somehow...LOL
Macdabluepanther::We could use Psycho T...Our Bigs ain't cutting it. I was happy we signed Brendan Hayward at first, but with each passing Lost, I realize dude is wayyyy past his prime!
leo9212::he was a free agent but no one wanted to sign him because of injuries
Rexanilatorz::I think you guys are gonna sign Tyler Hansbrough in the offseason
enewshan::i have west on my fantasy team but ive been watching his stats all game....did they intentionally try and get west the triple double?
airic.ad::hopefully this will give him a boost to get out of his shooting slump
rjb9rc::not at all
enewshan::im saying towards the end....the guy hasnt had more than 3 assists all year so i figured toward the end when he had around 7 it was more of a stat thing to achieve
rjb9rc::ball game
BJMcQueen::There it is!!
matt25485::Good game Bobcats!
Rexanilatorz::TRIPLE DOUBLE!!!
Hoosierhawk18::WEST YES!
matt25485::triple double!
leo9212::triiple double
Hoosierhawk18::............. What was that Ian?
hoops 112hoping::Wait guys do you know if PG is playing tmrw? Source?
Hoosierhawk18::I believe they said they hope he does
hoops 112hoping::well obviously you hope your best player plays
Rexanilatorz::I'm almost certain he will its only the flu
rjb9rc::he's out with the flu.  he will probably play
matt25485::I don't even think Paul George is at the game, hopefully he is at home resting up for tomorrow
Rexanilatorz::yeah i think they told him to stay home and rest
Herkaleez::Trade THIS:  -DJ Augustin
rjb9rc::yeah...he is having a terrible game?
