Mason Wesley Lloyd::Look out but the Nuggets are looking better every time they step out on the court. Still need to cut down on the rotation by at least one player, but other than that Brian Shaw is doing a terrific job. Good to see he's embracing the fast pace and mixing in some good half court offense. When Gallo comes back, look out because he's easily our second best player and a line-up with him at the 4 and Chandler at the 3 is deadly.
Arvind Badri::I'm a huge Nuggets fan, but realistically I have no expectations for them this year. With how good the Western Conference is year, they'll be a 7 or 8 seed AT BEST. Which means probably losing in 4 or 5 to the Spurs or Thunder in the first round. The altitude might get them one game, but that's about it.
GianFranco DeZola::Nuggets cover the +6.5 easy. Not sure how is Ellis is doing today...but he was not at 100% last game. I hope he plays tonight. Nuggets might pull an upset tonight...I have a feeling this game is a Vegas trap...it smells fishy lol  peace all ya!!!!!!
Tom Totosz::Game! Nate Robinson just owned these shitbags. Unreal. Why even call a timeout? The game is clearly over. It ws over when Vincanity decided it would be a good idea to shoot 15 bricks
Chad Wiggins::well said
Chad Wiggins::u threw down on this rotten ace squad to huh
GianFranco DeZola::LET'S ASK FOR OUR TICKETS REFUND EVERY TIME THE MAVS LOSE AT HOME.....OR ASK THEM TO DONATE THE MONEY TO CHARITY...IS PATHETIC TO GO AND SEE A BUNCH OF TROLLS LOSING AT HOME
Ryan Spradlin::Not sure if anyone noticed yet, but Hickson can play. I know Portland has Aldritch, but really... we got him for nothing.
Chad Wiggins::please get calderons sorry over penetrating butt out of the game please... him and carter have killed dallas from what ive seen
Lester Ayers::I totally agree
GianFranco DeZola::Vince Carter really sucks...Nate Robinson is spanking the Dallas Mavs at home lol.....what a jock of team
Alan Hardt::Losing back to back to the Nuggets....Not a good sign for a playoff team
Michael McCreesh::you realize the nuggs have been to the playoffs the last 10 years?!?!?!? you should lose to them, they are better than the mavs.
Chris Bates::Except for the fact that the Nuggets ARE a playoff team and have been.  That's not a bad loss...Go home kid.
Lee Jarvis::The Mavs aren't good at getting themselves reorganized if they struggle on offense.  The past two games illustrated that really well...when they got down, instead of feeding the ball to two of the best offensive players in the game, they let Crowder and Carter heave threes and Blair flail around in the post.  Those guys are capable scorers, but I'd rather see the Mavs lose because Dirk and Ellis can't execute in crunch time rather than seeing the rest of the crew not execute (as expected for a bunch of role players).  And I just can't get over how married Carlisle is to his rotation.  I mean, they were SINKING last night mid way through the fourth, and Dirk was in warmups (same thing for the game on Sat).  I get it, he's old, it's the regular season.  He still makes $20+ mil a year to win games for you, though, and he can't win games if he's riding out the toughest parts on the bench.  His legs aren't going to snap like twigs if he plays more than 30 min a game.
GianFranco DeZola::Little Nate Robinson is taking control and spanking the Mavs ajajajajaj......wow Mavs really sucks...that dude Blair really sucks.....and Vince Carter should retired for good....time to rebuild the Mavs...bring some decent players and let the rebuild process begin
Lester Ayers::so have the mavs stop running their offense through monta.......I don't understand why the ball to carter more than ellis........I understand trying to get dirk going but those other guys taking as many shots as dirk and monta is not going to work
Chad Wiggins::mavs made no effort from the very beginning of this game... to be at home and give this pathetic effort is pathetic... to let nate freeking robinson just murder you in your own house... SMH... lesson learned
Chad Wiggins::how many times do u have to get drilled by the same 5 ft 5  midget to have ur freeking brain wake up and decided to guard him... any team with carter and ellis on it, you have to use the word team very lightly
Joe Brooks::By mid-season Dallas should get over the crazy dream that they will make the playoffs. Then they can start figuring what to do with their lottery pick next year. lol.
Chad Wiggins::way to leave the one freeking person that you can afford to leave in the corner. STUPID... DALLAS IS A DUMB BASKETBALL TEAM.... i use the word team lightly
Rolando Mercado::so why is vince carter shooting 13 shots when he is having a crazy off night? still think cuban should have kept corey brewer and never brought in carter.
Ruth Miller::Yeah...Brewer is ballin out in Minny.  He's always been a good all around player.
GianFranco DeZola::My friend told me about this game being fixed....Vegas is cashing out tonight guys lol....another trap another dollar for Vegas :-)
Michael J Ortiz::Anthony Randolph is trash I change the channel when ever this dude hits the floor just because I refuse to watch the lead vanish with this bum on the floor.
GianFranco DeZola::MAVERICKS are done for the night guys.....Mavs can't handle a lousy Denver Nuggets team....I will ask for my ticket refund...
Jason Piñón::LMAO @ the Dallas Maverick's and their 'fanbase' shitting on them right now. Robinson dun lit yall up. Nuggets!
Chad Wiggins::oh my lord dallas looks like total junk... slow, old, no defense.... sad for dallas fans who paid to watch this garbage
Michael J Ortiz::Nuggets playing solid as of late. Reminds me of last year with the slow start. Have to work on closing out games with leads.
Patrick Glassner::Can't see the mavs losing this one, and im a nuggets fan. Playin dirk and ellis on draftday LETS GO GUYS!! Dont hate me denver lol
GianFranco DeZola::If they Mavs want a decent team, they should get ride of Vince Carter and company...that dude is done ajajaja
GianFranco DeZola::OMG Nate Robinson is a Warrior..wow ....Spanking the Mavs at home  priceless ajajajaja
