no look high five::no look high five - He's fired before next season begins December 26 2012, 9:27 PM  called it.
I Have The Pawaaaa::While the Nets lost, Deron Williams got what he wanted.  Throwing the coach under the bus!  Clueless owners still have not solved their problem until Williams is traded.
CubicleJoe::so the nets are the new hawks, right?   potential coming out their collective ears, nothing to show for it.
d_bokk::Yeah, except the Hawks win regular season games
CubicleJoe::tim thomas!  light it up, light it up!
Dominican_Idol::Avery Johnson is the problem. His offensive schemes are something out of the 1992 Spurs handbook. Stagnant, and ISO based. The only half-court offensive sets he should have are those to Brook Lopez. The rest of the team should be running. Nobody passes up more open looks than Wallace, and Joe Johnson's ability to kill ball movement make Carmelo Anthony look like Pistol Pete. Nate McMillan is your guy!
brandon_fw::Deron,   You should have went to Dallas. Good luck with all those bad contracts you're stuck playing with in Brooklyn.
EasyRun18::He's one of their main problems.....OTOH, Dallas is lucky, didnt get him. Hawks is lucky, sent J Johnson and his stupid contract out, his contract only next to Amare (free to get them, just  pickup the contracts).
wilcox1232::the bad thing is derons is one of those contracts
wilcox1232::remember preseason when some people were saying lakers nets finals hahahha
EasyRun18::mainly b/c they are 2 highest payroll teams in NBA.
argenis fradique::Nets were cursed by Charles Barkley, who said Nets were better than Knicks a few weeks back. Anything Charles says blows up in his face recently, took a jab at Wade, who then balls out, said Bynum better than Howard ( howard is not good this yr but Bynum has not hit the court all season. Said Paul George was better than Chris Bosh in last years playoff, what a joke and now Nets are losing a ton of games while the Knicks are rolling.  Barkley cant win a championsip and cant get a prediction right either. He's turrible!!!!
nhraven52::I guess the Celtics win over Brooklyn wasnt as big a deal as some made it to be.Whats going on with the Nets??
Bucky Scribner::Having DWill and Joe Johnson on the same team...hmmm...  It's like a chef thinking to himself..."Lobster is good...Cheesecake is good...why don't I make a Lobster Cheesecake!"
wilcox1232::thats actually the best analogy ive ever read for this
Miller Park After Dark::PROST!
KnickDiaz::Lol @ Jay Z after the nets squeaked out n OT win over the knicks " the city is under new management"!!.........Stick to making music brah!!... cause the nets SUCK!!!....
d_bokk::that f.ugly sob should do us all a favor and give up his music career too
Cleveland Browns Playoffs 2012::Nets should not have cut Carlton Scott...
impalass543::team looks slow n old
impalass543::dwill, brooks, joe wallace lopez or go bac to orginal lineup
tomBabauts::Avery must go. He looks like a good dude. But Nate and the Van Gundy's are available.
j_blaze1::The Nets don't have parts that fit... Wallace is best at the 4... They don't play Blatche &amp; Lopez together... Johnson is 6'7 240 &amp; they can't find a way to play him at the 3 to get Brooks minutes... Billy King had a ton of money &amp; his big moves were resigning Humphries &amp; bringing in Max Joe... They need to change more than the address &amp; the colors...
impalass543::move joe 2 the 3
sunnycaptain::When Joe Johnson is your go to guy, your team is clearly in trouble......
J-Tjuan::The Nets suck.  Yes, Deron did not play but not sure his 8 points and bricks would have mattered.
Daryl_Dixon::Avery Johnson will be fired.
Dave Knows Best::Brooklyn is awful!! Awful!!!! haahahaha!!!!! BOO-YAH!!!!
Rezo201::Boom -------&gt; https://twitter.com/TimBontemps/status/284181283515559937
KnicksRangersYanks::Sucks to be a Nets fan
impalass543::nets fans finally realize iso joe n deron aint $@%!
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::If you actually watched Deron Williams and Joe Johnson play before this year and thought putting them together would produce a great team you must be an owner based in Russia. They're both losers.
Dave Knows Best::Having said that, both are on the downside of their careers.
Dave Knows Best::Both have played on winning teams most of their careers.
Rezo201::Crash is the only one on the team with heart and he just called out his team. Good for him.  https://twitter.com/rodboone/status/284163213623435264
timechange064::The Nets are finished. They stink
Lawwd help::I have been a d will fan will but he is seriously tarnishing his rep, seems like he is not improving but getting worse
I Ran Over Yo Grandma With A Reindeer::best team in new york my f-ckin' $@%, lmmfao!!!!.
knicksnsx::The Nets are about a 500 team, a 6,7 or 8 seed. Can you believe Vegas had the same odd on the Knicks as the Nets before the season. Gotta laugh. How can you bring back 4 of 5 starters, add Joe Johnson and think you vastly improved.
EasyRun18::The young team will be playing better and better,  old team will be playing worse and worse (injury prone body).
nargash::I think Deron Williams is seriously fat. He can't even have lift to shoot the ball. Nets are done..!!
marklenz24::He didn't even play....
knicksnsx::Let me guess, Lin is better.
AdamMcD1536::Nets are still the same old Nets. As long as Wallace thinks he is a wing player, Johnson thinks he is Carmelo, and Williams is running the offense they will be barely above average.
yourmothersmustache::Lincoln HS &gt; Nets
EasyRun18::The Rockets had already destroyed  the Knicks twice and the  Bulls twice.
EasyRun18::The Lakers &gt;$100mil payroll, Nets&gt;$88mil and the Rockets just over $47mil payroll, less than 50% of the Lakers. The new-look Rockets lost 8 key players from last season, keys addition, Lin, Asik and Harden.
knicks_112ndcoming::cant wait for this doo-doo team to fall down to earth  oh wait. already done
RNYC::The wheels have fallen off BKN!!!
EasyRun18::By the way, the 3rd highest payroll team, the Magic also may not make the playoff.
supe540::Nets back to .500.  Monta best player on the floor tonight.
MTNDEWWD55::The best 2 players on the floor were on the..... Bucks.
EasyRun18::The 2 highest payroll teams, Lakers or Nets,  may not make the playoff. The lowest payroll team, the youngest team, the Rockets is winning again tonight.
EasyRun18::Bad management,  signed overrated, overpaid,over-the-hill players. superstars on paper.
RNYC::No one cares about the rockets.
WIstormchaser2119::Why would a team be called something they can't find?
d_bokk::lol @ the "i'm going to get fired" face Avery Johnson had on his face at the end of the highlights.  Way to go Bucks, got to beat teams like this
paulleena12::Did not Chris Paul at one time want to come to Nets too?
packersfanfrom89::Time to put the bottle down.
Nan7481::I wouldn't be surprised if the Nets miss the playoffs altogether.
d_bokk::going to be tough for them too, 76ers are the only team that could challenge anyone for the 8th seed in the East and they look horrible
Bionic Packers Fan::blatche should be starting over humphries.
fooseeesh2::feer the deer
sailor six shooter::lol brooklyn sucks.. jay-z knows more about kanyes a.sshole than basketball
Lawwd help::Hey bk how's that slug Johnson working out for ya? ATL thanks you for taking that fake a ss max player off their hands
Rezo201::He was the only reason you guys were even relevant for a long time. I guess you need to understand basketball to have appreciated him. He is only a 6 time All Star.
pxreal::huh???  17-9...3rd in the east without him...enough said!!!
packersfanfrom89::How did Johnson make the Hawks relevant?  They never did anything in the playoffs, and are in the exact same position playoff wise now than with him.  Using AS votes to value a player is far fetched to say the least.
dcenate0::how are you sir! not very well !
paulleena12::Did Deron Williams get his old coach at Utah, Jerry Sloan, fired???
d_bokk::and he deserves to be on a sucky team for the rest of his career, most overrated player in the league.. would be a crock of sh*t if he makes the all-star team
Rezo201::Indirectly, yes.
