BallBeards4WorldPeace::"Thuggin" haha.  Racist Rick/Crybaby Carlisle is unhappy that Utah responded by punking Dirty Dirk.  Dirk initiated this by trying to throw Favors down and got punked. PUNKED! He also blatantly threw an elbow at Hayward's head and will get a $50,000 fine for it, along with the one he threw at Enes Kanter.
74hartman71::Dallas should just go for a top five lotto pick to help dirk out next year
Sam58548::Dirk doesnt have the time to wait for a draft pick to become good. Dirk needs help now or be traded.
Bookiebreaker48::BLOCKBUSTER TRADE D12 FOR DIRK
Bookiebreaker48::SORRY TO SAY MAVS IS SHIETTING IT UP BECUZ KRIS KAMAN....HES THE HUMAN JINX...U WONDER WHY TEAMS DONT KEEP HIM? DONT  GET ME WRONG KAMAN IS A GOOD PLAYER HES JUST A JINX THATS ALL LIKE OJ MAYO
teamrockets15::i love mavs.. i want it to the playoffs,cuban fired Carlisle..PLS
Bookiebreaker48::STOP BLAMING ON COACH THATS NOT THE ISSUE....OJ MAYO AND KAMAN IS
lostjazzfan::that is the dumbish ISH I've ever heard.  Carlisle is an amazing coach
Beanslams46::Mavs are 0-2 when Dirk scores 20 or more....
Nowitzki.::shows how bad they are
teamrockets15::they should realized that dirk is a old guy already..dont relay on him they have a lot of options,,,make them a treath in every position to make basketball easy! they only relaying on dirk old shooting, we all know that he didn't carry his them all by him self"""
teamrockets15::I think dallas should fired Rick Carlisle he didin''t know how to use there players..dallas have a lot of multi talented players.. CUBAN fired him now if you want playoffs
BallBeards4WorldPeace::Why because Cuban blew up a perfectly good championship team and replaced it with league throw aways?
showstopperinthebronx::Started using this bet system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. In my first month of using this system I made almost  $3,000 profit.  If you like to bet sports I recommend this system to anyone that is tired of not winning your sports bets. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google if you search the term Sports Betting Systems.
TAC0REV::13 minutes for Favors, 15 for Kanter. These two should be getting at least 28 each.
Darkflame07::Favors over the last month is at 26 per game and kanter 18. If both Jefferson and Kanter were to play to the peak o their current abilities then Jefferson, right now, is better. Jefferson hit a big shot to put us up 5 with under 2 minutes and Jefferson drew the charge on Dirk. Also have you stopped to think that I they are trying to trade al and Millsap why bench them? Doesn't help other teams watch and decide of they sit on the bench.
TAC0REV::You're absolutely full of crap: http://espn.go.com/nba/player/_/id/4257/derrick-favors  Favors: averaging 22 minutes this season, 22.4 over the last 10 games. That's far below 26, which would still be too low.  Now Kanter: 15.4 mpg on the season, 16.3 over the last 10 games. Once again, much lower than a guy of his potential should be playing.  Look at DeMarcus Cousins. Yeah he's a headcase, but he's producing at a pretty high level for a young up-and-coming player. Why? Because he GETS TO PLAY. Favors and Kanter both could be playing that well or better, and imagine how much better this team would be. But no, instead we get Jefferson's lazy, matador defense and inefficient offense for 33 minutes per game.
Darkflame07::I'm not ok with mediocrity, I grew up watching Stockton and Malone when the jazz jut didn't lose but nothing you're proposing gets us any closer to title than we are at right now. I agree that we need to try and trade either Millsap or Jefferson if for no other reason than we can't afford to resign both of them do we should try to get something. But if all we would get is a bunch of mediocre players and 2nd round picks what's the point? And by implying that I'm a no nothing you only reaffirm what I'm saying, you think you know what's better for this team than KOC, Lindsey, Corbin and anyone else in the franchise and that is laughable.
TAC0REV::Let's see if I can put this into terms you'll understand. KOC, Lindsay... they make millions of dollars to make this franchise a contender. They aren't doing that, so I as a fan reserve the right to criticize them for not doing their job. Whether I could do better or not is completely irrelevant, because I'm not making the money they make to do what they do.
lostjazzfan::Taco Rev! Kanter was coming off of an ankle injury and Favs was in foul trouble.  That's what kept him out.
TAC0REV::Ok, but what's the excuse in all the other games? In any normal game Favors is only getting 18 minutes, Kanter 14... and yet Jefferson plays 34 despite getting dominated with his lazy defense, his disgraceful effort against the pick and roll, his pitiful boxing out effort, his garbage excuse for setting screens... oh sure, he scores 18 points, but on 18 shots. Why does Jefferson get a free pass for ALL that, but Favors has to "earn" his minutes when he clearly has the higher ceiling and will be a core player of the franchise going forward, while Jefferson probably won't even be here. It makes no sense to invest so much in some of these players -- Jefferson, Watson, Tinsley, even Millsap -- when they aren't even going to be here beyond this underachieving season.
apietman::13 minutes 5 fouls and 3 turnovers for Favors. He does not need more minutes until he earns them.
Darkflame07::In game adjustments won the game last night. He made offense/defense subs in the 4th, he let burks run the point in crunch time at the end of the game. An you tell me there are many assistants around who would be better, you realize the guy you're complaining about was an assistant a few year ago and is still learning just like favors and kanter are so how would bringing in another assistant/first time head coach be any better than Corbin? You want all of te young guys playing even through mistakes but you won't give Corbin the same chance because its easy to put all of the blame on one guy and say if we replace him everything will be all better. Phil Jackson didn't win championships early in his career an Sloan wasn't the coach that he retired as when he started but since you have all of the answers why didn't you apply when KOC stepped down? This team management and coaching thing seams to come so naturally to you I'd love to see you run this team and see where it ends up.
TAC0REV::Nothing like the old "you couldn't coach any better!" argument to identify yourself as a true know-nothing loser. What won the game last night is Dallas being a bad team, and even worse road team. That's all this Jazz team ever does is beat up on bad teams at ESA, and dumb people like you think we're headed somewhere when all we really are is stuck in neutral, in complete mediocrity.
TAC0REV::That's what I'm saying, there's no worthwhile trade now that the Jazz are mediocre and Millsap/Jefferson's value has fallen. They should have made a move in the offseason. And no, they didn't have 3 PG's, they had one in Mo, and then two complete scrubs in Tinsley and Watson... that's also on the FO for making deals with two third string caliber PG's, now we don't have room for a #2 PG.   You're asking me "again" who will replace Corbin? There are several solid candidates among the assistants around the league, at least a dozen or more that are more competent than Corbin. But the big mistake by the FO (again) was giving Corbin an extension he didn't deserve, and since they're too cheap to fire a coach still under contract and have to pay out his contract, we're stuck with Corbin for the long haul no matter how bad he is, I'm afraid.   But finding a new coach isn't my problem. The FO should have thought about that before extending a guy that is completely incompetent... terrible with matchups, terrible with in-game adjustments, terrible with rotations, holding back the future of this team by being more concerned with vet playing time than with developing promising youth... I could go on and on but it doesn't take a genius to see this team is going nowhere fast under Corbin.
Darkflame07::Why would they sign another pg when after signing mo that gave them 3? Also the FO may not make a trade because what worthwhile trade is there to be made? No team with a high lottery pick is going to give it up for players with expiring contracts and what realistic trade really helps? Also I ask you again, taco, what coach are you going to hire to replace Corbin?
TAC0REV::I think unfortunately, it's too late at this point to make a worthwhile trade, and that's why I think this front office screwed up big time. They signed Mo Williams, a solid addition, but he has a history of injuries, and the FO didn't bring in any other competent PG. Now we end up seeing a combination of Tinsley and Watson, two players that wouldn't even see non-garbage time on any other NBA roster. Also with Millsap and Jefferson, the time to trade them was during the offseason when they had more value. Now we won't get any decent offers, so the FO will probably do nothing and both will probably walk in the summer and we'll get nothing in return.
Francis4345::Im still thinking Bucks and Raptors are good targets with combos of PG's : Monta/Jennings and Calderon/Lowry
TAC0REV::I agree on trading Millsap though, as well as Jefferson. The Jazz's ceiling with those two leading the show is an 8th seed and first round playoff humiliation just like last year. Of course, Corbin is the biggest problem of all so trading those two would only do so much.
Francis4345::Marvin is a PF, could probably do the job with Favors
Francis4345::We gonna lose him anyway at the end of the season. He's gonna test the market.
Darkflame07::Favors got 2 fouls in the first quarter then his 4th and 5th within 30 seconds of each other, foul trouble kept him out of the game.
TAC0REV::He has six fouls to give, the kid needs development time so there's no reason he should get under 30 minutes a game unless he's fouled out.
neederlander::They needed him on defense the last minute of the game.  If he fouls out, he's not there to help the team win the game.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::and trade Millsap?
Francis4345::Favors got 5 fouls early
Francis4345::Try to do trade ideas for the Jazz. With Bucks about Millsap  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=bsczamu
22jrob22::1yr of jennings and stuck with gooden for 3 yrs??
Francis4345::Either Lakers push to get him after Gasol and Howard are out or maybe a team like Sixers who struggle
Francis4345::Jazz need PG
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::I wish my nuggets would trade for Milsap
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Put Lawson on the block and maybe we'll talk.
Francis4345::explain ?
Loosole::If the jazz trade for a pg I just think it should be a pass first guy. I don't think a scorer like Brandon Jennings would go well with the other young guys, Hayward and burks especially
Loosole::No way.
mnicho24::Does this mean that Hayward will start again from now on?
BallBeards4WorldPeace::Jefferson is team MVP.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::He's been great off the bench. No reason to move him. Favors, on the other hand, should be starting over Jefferson.
neederlander::I completely agree with you--about Tremors.  I'm still undecided on whether Favors is ready to take over.
-cha cha chia.::Hayward putting up Lebron numbers lol
BallBeards4WorldPeace::Against the Dallas "Porous" Mavericks defense.
CandySparker::Hey Ward. Go, don't be afraid.
BallBeards4WorldPeace::I want to see Hayward being the one body slamming that punk Dirty Dirk the next meeting.  Dirk threw an elbow at his face, as well as at several other Jazz players throughout the game.    Hayward, punish the old punk!
kcspatel41::This is kind of turning into the Heat of 06. Miami won a championship. Then tanked the season. Then 5 years later they got the big 3. Mavs could do that with OJ mayo possibly but unlikely
Zach Jazz::Gordon Hayward. nuff' said
dirkaqs41::Was the call at the end of the game on Dirk bogus i have yet to see any replays from the game?
BallBeards4WorldPeace::Dirk is a punk...tried to throw Favors down and landed on his back instead!  Lay down stay down old man!
neederlander::My favorite no-call was when Dirk put his forearm into Hayward's face.  Hayward got pissed and took it to the rim and made an acrobatic shot on his next play.  Best way to respond to a bad call.
Hx4r::there was alot of bogus calls and no calls
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Case in point.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::According to Mavs fans, yes.
jwad183::Wizards and Mavs the class of 2013 dropouts
butlerbulldogs87::Hayward
NashvilleBulldog28::I hope most of the folks who complained when the Jazz picked Hayward are now content with the selection.  We Butler fans knew all along of course that eventually his play would prove the doubters wrong.  Not that it was this game alone.  All season he has been solid.  One of the better bench players in the NBA I'd say.
IAMpunter0926::good game jazz you deserved to win. BYE BYE.
cant win big games with bums like tony choko::MAVS CHAMPIONSHIP SEASON WAS A CLEAR FLUKE
genius0182::They should have kept the team together.
mikeisildur::Nah, I respect that Mavs team.  Anyone who sweeps the Lakers and makes Magic Johnson tearfully admit that the Lakers have no class is cool in my book.
SuiradSivad::Your birth was a clear mistake.
IAMpunter0926::how about no scott
IAMpunter0926::nice work espn. whos the rookie running this thread? box score? ya shi.ts weak.
van.muhle::This game was infinitly better than watching Notre Dame get beat like a red headed step child on national television...
IAMpunter0926::beat like a red headed step child? wtf
mikeisildur::Worst NC ever.  And the worst part is we're going to have to hear about how great the SEC is for another year, despite their poor performance this bowl season outside of Alabama's smack down.
D r e w b i e::6-3 in bowl games is a poor performance? I guess for the SEC, it is. Thanks for making me realize how high we've set the bar.
SuiradSivad::Man, my teams are just bad this year  .-.
mikeisildur::Remember those stupid ads with Mark Cuban dancing around with the championship trophy?  Can the NBA run ads with Mark Cuban standing by the lottery balls this year?
van.muhle::Dallas is a big enough market that Stern will have to work some Chicago/Rose magic on those lottery balls
FanofTexas28::I'm still a MFFL!
FanofTexas28::The funny thing is, ESPN won't suspend this clown, but they'll suspend for saying "sh.it."
Mr. Bradford::My knees haven't broken by jumping off the bandwagon either.
Pandman4Life::Ok n.i.g.g.a.r
mazwine::Dirk stinks
BallBeards4WorldPeace::Only thing Dirty Dirk has left in the tank is his ever flailing elbows.  Threw at least 4 at Jazz heads last night, and tried to body slam Favors (oops).
Mr. Bradford::No he doesn't. Cuban does.
Mr. Bradford::Weird seeing my Mavs, season after season 50 game winners, be 13-22.
FanofTexas28::I've honestly forgotten what it's like to miss the playoffs. I was in High School last time we did...
Mr. Bradford::It's weird.
---LeTs gO mAvS---::this is the worst Mavs season for me ever. I've never seen the Mavs this bad EVER
jdoggjiggajigga::You must be a young mavs fan if you haven't seen them this bad. in the 90's they were always in the toilet bowl.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Jazz fans know how you feel. Made the playoffs pretty much every year of my life, then after Stockton and Malone retired, had a 26-56 season in there. No es bueno.
mikeisildur::Seems to me Cuban gambled by releasing good pieces for cap space and lost hard core.
FanofTexas28::Longhorns will still be the last non-SEC team to win a championship. :)
Pandman4Life::Ok u $@%!$
mikeisildur::Playoff please
FanofTexas28::How do you call someone with an idiot with the username "Pandaman4Life"?
Pandman4Life::Shut up idiot
jwad183::Vince carter - S#&gt;t Carter
fullmetalx117::Either Cuban gets a Howard type player this summer or they trade Dirk to a contender.  Personally I would like to see him traded to Houston. I think he can put them over the top. Maybe even the...gulp... The lakers. He would solve many of their issue. Even the Knicks so Dirk can play with Chandler and Kidd. This Mavs team is CLEARLY rebuilding right now.
Zeeshan2::houston can afford one more max guy. I don't think they want Dirk though
mikeisildur::'Cause Howard is tearing it up for LA
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Tearing his labrum up for LA.
14Jon14::Houston Cant afford him. Dirk = 20 MILL
fullmetalx117::I think they can afford one more max guy. The are also a player for Howard this summer.
14Jon14::How about Andy Reid?, I'm an Eagles fan.
Pandman4Life::That's cause ur an idiot. Prob black too. Hahahah
FanofTexas28::I'm cool with it. Romeo wasn't the real problem though. It was Cassel and Pioli. I think Reid will do a good job though.
14Jon14::@FanofTexas28
---LeTs gO mAvS---::I rather have Andy Reid than Rick Carlisa
rbmw263::.500.  Now get above it and stay there please.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::3rd easiest schedule from here on out. It's possible, but it would take GASP effort from everyone.
mikeisildur::Not holding my breath, especially with only 2 more games against the Lakers for easy wins
pm_tex::You won't get easy win against the Lakers.
FanofTexas28::I'm a Chiefs fan too. I've been watching a lot of sucking lately!
Sean_240171::are all the +5.5 punters still not caring?
IAMpunter0926::still not caring, won on boston and chicago. Good physical game to watch I was very entertained which is the main thing.
---LeTs gO mAvS---::Mavs need to trade OJ Mayo. I hate players that are not clutch like Mayo. Rather have Jason Terry
Pandman4Life::I hate Dallas hope they don't win another game all year. LOSERS
Pandman4Life::Hahaha u stupid f.u.c.k.s
FanofTexas28::BURN!!!!
samiden::pandman i can't hear u our championship ring is making too much noise
FanofTexas28::Ur mom sks my ck
Pandman4Life::Ur moms a w h o r e 2
FanofTexas28::Ok bra i h8 u 2 4real dawg u a dumy.
Pandman4Life::Good cause I'm not a loser. They r and so r u
FanofTexas28::Dallas hates you too.
dm mav::trade mayo for jennings
pm_tex::Like the Bucks going to accept that trade when they could've signed Mayo as a FA.
Nowitzki.::Mayo belongs in the globetrotters
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Jefferson finished +5. It's like Haley's Comet.
rbmw263::and Burks had the best +/- on the team.  Its like every game he plays
14Jon14::Jae Crowder = 2 Chainzz
Nowitzki.::he would f up anyone in the league
wink614::Dallas ruining my over. Jerks
FanofTexas28::I'm fine if we trade Dirk. I don't want him to be miserable and play on a lousy team at the end of his career. Send him to a contender, maybe he can win another ring or two.
bulgarballer::Dang, sports fans are so quick to turn on their heroes. Don't worry, I do the same thing with Millsap. Granted, comparing Millsap and Nowitzki is a bit of a stretch...
FanofTexas28::He doesn't need to retire, he's still got some game left in him.
mikeisildur::He already has one and has nothing left to prove.  Should just retire.  Many great players have left the league with less.
---LeTs gO mAvS---::I'm a  Mavs fans and even I agree. Dirk deserves better than playing with Scrubs. He's done enough for the Mavs and has helped us win a championship. Dirk should demand a trade.
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::Yea Dirk derserves more
soliuz2k::someone said houston worse team in texas sinces mavs got dirk back, i'll believe when i see it
Chuck Spears::short clock
Slippery Gypsy::Jazz should dump Marvin for whatever they can get
Miami-Star1::melo was waiting outside of the garden for kg, the olive garden that is, he knew kg would be no match for him in there.
evill1::Dal will beat LA Clips Wed night !!!!!!!!!  Thats how the NBA works!!!!!  Vegas never losses!!!!!!!!
Chuck Spears::short clock
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::Why cant the Mavs just get to the free throw line ?
Hx4r::cuzz refs dont know what a foul is
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::Oj Failed us tonight
IAMpunter0926::6
14Jon14::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=9gys7bh
USUnTBnTEX::In your tiny, little dreams...
