jackp16::That Durant is one helluva player. WOW!
memphis kingpin::memphis had this game we just had it all but damn OKC was complaining every time memphis stole it out of they hand'and im a big James Harden fan but damn he complains about everything unless it's a foul call and i didn't know his $@% flopped that damn much  until  that game.
lspat1980::OKC just came through in the Clutch, and Durantula took over, like he always does. Thats why they won. But, I understand its always easy to blame the refs instead of admitting that your team played 3 solid Quarters but crapped the bed in the 4th. THUNDER UP
thedude0612::^ Cool story bro. Tell it again
Rev. Banshee::Almost like one team hadn't played in a couple of days and the other team played the night before? Thunder UPCHUCK!  Seriously though. Any fan that does not understand how the foul calling works in the NBA. That a team or player has to establish itself to get certain foul calls. And that the Thunder are a year ahead of Memphis in establishing itself so Westbrook gets the I fell so I must have been fouled calls and Mike Conley can get hammered on the way to the basket and not get a call. Then they need to watch more NBA games and not think they are better then they are. The Thunder and Memphis are the two best teams in the Western conference now and going forward. I for one look forward to beating y'all in the western conference finals this year.
The_West_Coast_Bias::seems like you do a lot of complaining yourself...
cronarom2008::james harden kilt it
ok_sooner82::Good game Memphis fun match up as always,I always look forward to this game and might I add out of all the fans I've seen you Memphis fans r the classiest bunch can't wait to c u guys Apr 2nd so until then GOOD LUCK with the rest of your games .......THUNDER UP!!!!!!!!
Packers3821::Unbiased opinion, I'm a Bucks fan.  WEST WINNER: OKC beats LAC in 7  EAST WINNER:  Chicago beats Boston in 6  FINALS WINNER: OKC beats Chicago in 7
jukedoublespinmove::I dont see LAC going this deep and then especially taking the Thunder to 7
anderson-daniel::Boston over Miami?  As much as I respect the Celtics franchise.....they need to redraft a new team. They're just too old.
Johnny47716::My Grizzlies were winning.....until that last quarter....
CandySparker::Super Durant Durant
YoungKeeks30::Allen Iverson and his latest legal issues http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/we-talkin-bout-practice.html Check out what's going on in the wide world of sports http://www.the-outfielder.com
Visionsun916::Note to Westbrook: STOP FUCKING SHOOTING!   Dude needs to limit himself to like 10 shots when he fails to hit at least 3 of them.
lspat1980::As a Thunder fan, I was rough on Westbrook at the beginning of the season. But, he really has played well since and hit some big shots. I've learned to accept that he is a scoring PG, but you can't argue with the results (wins). He is absolutely fearless when going to the rim, and as a results gets alot points in the paint and FT attempts. RW is here to stay (with the contract extensions) so it's wise to accept him, as him and KD make up possibly the best duo in the NBA. THUNDER UP
Kmacman::RW just needs to keep being RW.  Hit a huge 3 each of the last two games.  I love this guy.
T8ke_A_Picture::get off the $@%! board about Westbrook, real Thunder fans don't give a sh.it about the Westbrook haters. If you don't like him, go play NBA 2k12 and trade him.
Griss13ears::Oh well. Can't fall asleep on the thunder. I'm off to drink heavily and probably have a good cry.
T8ke_A_Picture::Memphis player better without Gay. Fact Memphis plays better with Z-bo as the first option. Fact
Rev. Banshee::Fact: people who think the Grizzlies are better without Gay but with z-bo  instead of with them both completely ignore the games last season before Rudy Gay went out with the shoulder injury.  Plus anyone who thinks that the two or so games that the team played at it's healthiest this year with little to no training camp are any indication of this team going forward are going to be very surprised come playoff time.
Packers3821::Fact. people who say facts when its obviously an opinion are total $@%!$@ bags.
djxcqtion::they play differently when they have ZBO and Gay..More physical in the paint with ZBO..
nccanes73::Scoring: Durant Rebounding: Lebron Passing: Lebron Defense: Lebron  Clutch: Durant
tennesseejam80::Durant is a better shooter than Lebron and he may be more "clutch", but i wouldn't say he is a better "scorer".... Lebron averages just as many points and has a much higher shooting percentage... Shooting percentage is the most important aspect that gets overlooked... It doesnt matter if you score 40 like Kobe does, he rarely shoots the ball at a high percentage.. Anyways, i would say Durant is more likely to hit game winning shots than Lebron, but for the other 47 minutes of the game, Lebron is the best player on the planet
lspat1980::zaky............. D-Wade is a better defender than LeBron, and Rose was guarded by multiple players.
BOOMERSOONERSalltheway::Durants passing has picked up too i have noticed from last year.
lspat1980::Lebron's defense isn't near as good as its made out to be. Besides blocking some shots from behind what defense does he have? I give the 'realistic' edge to KD on Defense.
zaky10603::lmao gimme a break... did u not watch lebron guard d rose in the ecfs last year? how bout miami being the best defensive team in the nba? starts with the best player... why is kd a better defender? people are SO clueless
T8ke_A_Picture::Lebron don't have defense on Durant by a long shot.
rrballer34::i agree wit all these cept i think k.d. a better rebounder
kbballin_5::Durant has been more active on the boards lately.  Overall on the boards its pretty even.  Defense is getting closer too.  If Durant focused more on D he could catch up to LeBrons D.  When LeBron was as young as Durant he didnt play D either.
djxcqtion::Hmm...Could agree with that one...but KD needs a kick start...Harden gave that to him today
djxcqtion::wheres vasquez btw? injured or traded?
Griss13ears::He is still very relevant. Scored 18 last night against ATL He could start on a number of team (and probably will next season), but we need someone to come off the bench and score points.
djxcqtion::Hmm...your team coming together...What happened to Mayo though? He was real potenetial 2 seasons ago...he just dimmed out..
Griss13ears::New Orleans. We have 2 back up point guards that are terrible, hence OJ now playing back up point guard
dopeismarcus::#thunderup 18-4
d butler16::Durant &gt; Lebron
Griss13ears::I would take Durant over Lebron any day. And I hate them both. In the clutch: Durant &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Lebron
Griss13ears::Because he is good....and he plays for OKC
esstea23::How can you hate Durant?!? He's such a nice guy.....
Huskies fan::KD is my favorite player, but no, not yet atleast.
djxcqtion::EMaynor3 Eric Maynor Great win.....yesssssir....#ThunderUp!   Just posted opn twiiter by Maynor
KevinDurantFan56::Kevin Durant= Clutch
rrballer34::if kevin durant doesn't end up with mvp this year ill start watching d league
rrballer34::yeah well whats new lebron does that every year he don't got his team at best record in league tho
royboy1978::Don't forget about Derrick Rose and Blake Griffin and even little Ricky Rubio is having a good season.
djxcqtion::nah but they aint in the Durant and Lebron league
djxcqtion::Would love for that to happen but Lebron having a great season,...nearly avg a triple double..Top 15 in NBA in all relevant categories
djxcqtion::Think Griz lost on the line..
macar91::What's wrong with Perkins? ONE REBOUND IN 30 MINUTES?!
djxcqtion::he still reeling from the Griffin Dunk..he dont want to get close to that backboard :P
djxcqtion::Oklahoma City	18	4	.818	-	9-1	9-3	1-1	13-3	100.1	94.6	+5.5	Won 2	8-2
royboy1978::Well I gotta go and get some sleep.  Gotta have some energy to cheer like crazy at Fed Ex Forum for the Memphis Tigers tomorrow as we face Xavier.  Later my fellow Grizz fans.
djxcqtion::Memphis vs OKC becoming a nice rivalry...Last 10 games were close....How do u think we stack up with tis team with ZBO?
djxcqtion::Remeber the 3 OT last year..wheres vasquez btw?
Griss13ears::Agree. I don't think Z-bo puts Memphis that far ahead of OKC in the long run...maybe not even at all. I like to think so, but only time will     tell. We are definitely a better team with him. It's nice to have Rudy back but he isn't the soul of this team.
djxcqtion::Really wish they play a series in the playoffs...great matchup to watch
Mr Viz::Im betting it will still be pretty even.
djxcqtion::Well no Gay last year ..so ?
Matthew Borba::Look at the playoffs last year
goatlost::K. Durant 36 Pts, 10 Reb, 3 Ast, 2 Stl, 3 Blk. All he does is score lol!
ok_sooner82::really u just proved u know nothing of this sport most good teams avg 30-35 rebounds per game for 1 player to get 1/3 by themselves is very good and I'm not even going to comment on steals and blocks.....troll
favrepack0499::last time i checked the higher score wins the game
tarikmo3rd::Also got 10 Rebs, 3 blks, 2 stls... All he does is score? Don't get me wrong, he can improve, but 10 REBOUNDS is nothing?
Mr Viz::I was worried there for a sec. Until KD just goes clutch like always and wins us the game.. Anyway good game Memphis.
Jordsta4Life::Lebron says "dunking more important than closing games", not impressed by KD.
soonersrock1::grizzles are a damn good team...gg as always
gasol1883::Man Durant makes games no fun to watch. He is to good for words. Thought the griz might steal this one
BOOMERSOONERSalltheway::Not KD, but the rest of the players.
BOOMERSOONERSalltheway::They drafted really well as the OKC team though.
gasol1883::I mean rudy played passable defense and kd just raised his game to that top level. To bad the grizzlies only player that could try and match is wearing a suit.
Griss13ears::Rudy can't guard KD. Maybe no one can. I don't know. OKC lucked out inheriting that team (ahem...player)
djxcqtion::KD Clutch but HARDEN and COOK took the game ..
Griss13ears::These losses are the worst. But what can you expect...OKC couldn't miss in the 4th. And KD is too clutch.
royboy1978::I truly believe that we'll get the last one.  No way we can let them sweep us this season.
Griss13ears::Hey...we won the season last year and then lost in the playoffs. anything can happen...when you wish upon a star. A ZBO + Rudy star.
djxcqtion::Only team over 80 %...Bring on the Spurs and Portland :)
BowFlexTCTGP::That's alright not mad.. Just can't wait til ZBo gets back..
Griss13ears::I think he should have gotten a serious nod last year after that playoff run without Rudy.....but whatever.
goatlost::Im amazed you guys have held up so well without him. Lionel hollins should get some serious play as coach of the year. I still think tou guys could grab a 4th or 5th seed!
Benjamayne::and thats first week of march
100_Spoke_City::These 2 team always bring out the best in each other... Nice to see Gay healthy.. Thanks for a great game Grizz fans... SHOUT OUT TO A 4TH QUARTER like NO OTHER... GO OKC!!!  Cook came thru in the 2nd half... 7rebs and  3blks... and KD had an MVP game...  GO OKC!!!!
white01150::I'm an OKC fan but I have to disagree with you.  The Grizz usually make it tough for OKC, if OKC would have played the whole game like they did the 4th, the Grizz wouldn't have led once.
Gbjr32::WHAT DID I TELL YALL WOOGIE BOOGIE $@%!$@ OKC SUCKS! THATS WHY THE THUNDER WON LETS GO MY REDNECK BRETHREN
BOOMERSOONERSalltheway::Im pretty sure no true redneck says "BRETHREN."
knowitallpaul::You must go to the family reunion to find a date...
goatlost::18-4 translates to 54-12.I like dem numbers!
iChAoSS::Me tooo
djxcqtion::We leading the league...
Jordsta4Life::Whole starting 5 got at least 1 block!
iChAoSS::Aye Ric Bucher, remember when you left Kevin Durant out of your top 7 because "all he does is score, which unfortunately is only 1 part of the game"?  Well, look at his stats you idiot
iChAoSS::Got that right my friend
Jordsta4Life::Stat sheet stuffer + clutch gene = Not lebron
Griss13ears::KD really is a classy dude. He should wear a bow tie when he plays.
Griss13ears::not yet....
djxcqtion::he wear a championship belt tooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!
djxcqtion::Durantula and the beard...give cook credit though...career high reb and blocks....
100_Spoke_City::Cook ......   2 clutch buckets in the 2nd half after missing everything in the 1st...  Like the game he ended up having
Benjamayne::well, grizzlies winning in okc without zebo would have been nothing short of amazing. it looked good for 3 qtrs.
dutchjugs perth::32pts in the last  parlay up!!!
WIkalikalou::Good game Grizzlies. OKC-MEM games are always entertaining.
royboy1978::Not this year it hasn't been.
AQuinn912::westbrook with 7 assists, i approve!
Number 1 cHEAT HATER::take notes Lebron
Bigdaddy5233::Please.
gotigersmemphis87::Lebron is better
nccanes73::until the 4th quarter
kody1529::Lebron isn't even the best on his team.
T8ke_A_Picture::lmfao
Number 1 cHEAT HATER::lebum is trash and so is this gay nigggaaa
Darrel3k::lmfao
djxcqtion::32-17 in the 4th
Griss13ears::That's how you lose a game.....or win one. However you look at it. Pretty unlike the grizz to play so bad in the 4th. It's usually the first 3 that we have to make up for.
rosebwlbound::Let's hear it MVP MVP MVP #35
nccanes73::Man if OKC would stop turning the ball over they'd never lose
winterfresh98::t/o and getting the boards would step their level of game....
Griss13ears::Good game OKC. Lights out 4th quarter. WAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH
WIkalikalou::Durant with the MVP performance!
anderson-daniel::Thank you Grizzlies for once again another GREAT game. This is why I love the NBA. Thunder Up!
dutchjugs perth::ineeded okc to get 32pts in the 4th... bang bang!!
iChAoSS::MVP... MVP... MVP
