yorklinks2::it annoys me soo much when ppl say lebrons not clutch and kobe is cuz well... thats wrong  kobe shoots .300fg% in the clutch, lebron has a .400fg%  if their stats in the clutch were throughout the whole game LEBRON is way better:  LeBron: 33.2ppg, 15.1rpg, 9.3apg, .386fg%  Kobe: 36.3ppg, 7.8rpg, 6.8apg, .327fg%  check out an article about that here, proof lebron is more clutch http://bustasports.com/?p=784
ThreeKings14::Lebron has been carrying the Heat.  Hopefully he stays healthy, or else Miami is done!!
hapatino::Only 3K comments. Haters have nothing to say after every Heat win (41 of them...)
skwig2404::well here's 42--- THE HEAT SUCK
Maestro6694::Heat  &gt; Knicks
skwig2404::And why is bosh listed as MIA's top performer? Lebron outscored him and out rebounded him.
skwig2404::When was Bosh's last double-double?
..TheSixthHeatle..::Last night in his home toilet after a taco bell burrito supreme...
kobebetterthanbron::How can LeBron possibly be the front runner for MVP when the Heat who should have ran away with the best record in Basketball are a pathetic 41-17 (big time underachieving - this team should be 51-7 with the talent they have). MVP should be Kevin Love by a mile!
blacksheep333::one more thing just when looks like the heat will  go on a three game losing streak for the first time since January they end up playing some loser.  they didn't go to san antonio or houston this year.
skwig2404::Wow a convincing win over a historically bad team. Impressive!!!
hapatino::So what did you expect? A win by 50 points with many players resting?
kobebetterthanbron::The perfect nickname for LeBron is "Little Game James" kind of a play on Big Game James Worthy's nickname as LeBron plays his best on League Pass games against teams like the Bobcats and then shrinks in the biggest of games!!
skwig2404::He's The Big Quit
The_Pittsburgh_Piper::woaaaa
Chip_Douglas_69::lebron is so overrated, espn is embaressing
..TheSixthHeatle..::Is lebron still going to "shatter" the all-time PER record?  I haven't heard much chatter about this recently...
Basketball Good NBA Bad 2.0::Nobody other than Lebron bandwagoners care about PER.
kobebetterthanbron::I care!  regards,  John Hollinger
blacksheep333::lebron clutch three against the bulls.  but then a clutch free throw miss he is not perfect.  stop pretending that he is.  Kobe is not perfect either and i'm a lakers fan.
chiefsfan716::5 ringz isn't perfect. GTFO!
aven66::Well techinically He lost 2 championship series...so he wasn't perfect in those. So no...he's not perfect.
blacksheep333::if they are without dwyane wade in the playoffs good luck overall the leastern conf.  Stinks.  (sucks)  the first two rounds for miami will be a breeze.  "(homecourt) "advantage who cares the bulls had last year couldn't get done.-  the heat had last in the finals couldn't get it done.  Dallas in 06.  finals no ring.  refs screw them.  bobcats 7 and 51.
blacksheep333::If i was heat fan this would tell me anything .   charlotte stinks.  even the lakers beat this year.  and the lakers can't beat teams with bad or so-so records.  The knicks stink without jeremy lin.  but if i was a heat. tomorrow would tell me more.    Dwyane wade is doing lebron a favor.  and so is the coach resting him you saw who the go to guy was thursday.  the heat lose derrick rose has 2 points.
Oswald001199::You can never win with LeBron haters.  1) If he wins a big game its just the regular season. 2) If he loses a big game its signs of things to come in the playoffs. 3)If he hits a clutch shot in the 4th it doesn't matter because he didn't hit it in OT 4)If he wins a ring haters will bring up MJ's 6. Its just pathetic how you can't just get over one bad publicity mistake(The Decision), and give credit where credit is due.
..TheSixthHeatle..::People like to see heros fail...there's a lot of Jordan haters out there because once he got to the championship, he never lost...wish we could say that about lebron
D-Nice891::it's not about the decision, people envy him. LeBron is amazing at basketball. People want to see him broken, they want to see him crumble. They'll all act as if they were fans should he win a championship though.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::the heat can not like whats goin on here. it looks like they will have to play the knicks as of today and that has first round upset written all over it
cdh48::and the heat will have home court over them..good try though.
Ryan59264::The bucks would be a tougher opponent for the heat than the knicks would. Nobody fears the sixers at this point.
shedy-mac::Knicks won't beat Heat, they'll probably get swept.
nba is the worst::Preview tomorrow
atowriss::dont really see upset written on it
ShaneE77::Truly hoping D. Wade suffers a season ending injury before the playoffs start. They're so much better without hiim.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::who will close a game out? sure as hell aint goin to be Lebron
Illinifan4lifesince1996::People compare Davis to Garnett but Garnett was a scorer, not a shot blocker
poodagg::what?  garnett was a dominate shot blocker!  he averaged 6.5 bpg his senior year!  and that was when illinois had some of the most dominate teams in the history of high school basketball.
aven66::What are you stalking about? KG had 131 blocks his rookie year...he was a good defender at a young age.
brandonlee561heat22::I wonder if ending the season on a 22 game losing streak will be enough to do the impossible, and draft a new owner.
skwig2404::Nyjer Morgan is an imbecile.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::I wonder if you can post something you didn't post yesterday
Illinifan4lifesince1996::but bro they go out and draft anthony davis and then they are suddenly +30 wins next year
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::holy crap your dumb. I compared him to Durant because thats the same thing people said about him when he was coming out. he may not be a big man but they still said he was to skinny and it worked out fine. I think his skill set is a little more important then how much the kid weighs coming into the NBA. thats probably the last thing scouts will look at. wake up dude
Illinifan4lifesince1996::but u compared him to Durant
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::like I said still growing. he can get put on muscle and get bigger. and not all big men have to be monsters .  if someone didn't take him just because he was to skinny well thats just dumb
Illinifan4lifesince1996::ya but Durant is a SF not a C, durant was brought up a scorer ball handler etc, Davis is a big man that will get shoved around
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::the kid is still growing into his body, not like he is goin to stay that way. lol
Illinifan4lifesince1996::wtf?? two TOTALLY different players
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::too skinny? thats what they said about Durant
Illinifan4lifesince1996::me too!!! too skinny,
brandonlee561heat22::lmao, I think he will be a bust
somerandomguy30::Congrats, Heat! You beat the worst team in the league! Would you like some championship rings?
miamifreak3::Its not like they were throwing a party after the game...lol
brandonlee561heat22::I dont think any Heat players are reading this, to be honest
nba is the worst::I disagree.    lebr0n CARES!
Illinifan4lifesince1996::atta boy
brandonlee561heat22::Yea, I banned him. Silly Bulls fans
Illinifan4lifesince1996::Tony Plush is a little baby, Brewers suck!!!
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::I don't think anyone thinks that joke is funny, I don't think anyone actually thinks the heat read this, and I don't think anyone wants to see you re post this 50 times a day, to be honest
Illinifan4lifesince1996::lmfao
shedy-mac::Lowly bobcats is right.
nylee64::"I have no clue who Rony Seikaly is"  -Died Hard Heat Fan since 2010
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::amazing how Lebron continues to disappear   late in games, absolutely   amazing
shosh062::its not foking rocket science.  The heat has only 3 players, by the time they reach the 4th the big three are tired. Its an idiotic way to assemble a team, unlike the Bulls.
aquaadverse::Who have yet to get out of the East and can't stay healthy. Last season was Rose's first non-.500 team and trip out of the first round. It's pretty idiotic to think a team  with less post season success is superior. It's not rocket science.
Illinifan4lifesince1996::dude they were kicking their @$$ he aint gonna be in the game
skwig2404::if lebron would've hit his FT they would have won, wouldn't they have?
sofakingdank::if if if.  if the bulls made their free throws, if rose didnt go 1 for 12.  if if if thats the case lebrons 3 is meaningless. and it was with 48 seconds left
cdh48::if it wasn't for lebron making that 3 in the final 30 seconds they wouldnt of even went into overtime. shut the $@%! up
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::was talking about the bulls game, this game doesn't even count as a game.
atowriss::D PITT 16 POINTS.
Angel Lizardo::that is sign that the bobcats need defense
nba is the worst::Just imagine if the heatles had a coach that would play him in EVERY blowout vs scrubs - they might have gotten something out of him in the playoffs
THE TEEGEMAN::THE NBA 2012 FINALS: OKLAHOMA CITY THUNDER                      ~VS~ CHICAGO BULLS THE OKLAHOMA CITY THUNDER WIN IT IN 6!
poodagg::bulls?  only if they sit rose down the stretch of close games!
nba is the worst::Seems unlikely - OKC is too young, and now Harden is hurt.  Brooks and Westbrook aren't the brightest, to say the least.   It will be a surprise if they come out of the West.
THE TEEGEMAN::There is always a first time....JUST BELIEVE!
nba is the worst::When was the last time a young team won a title?  Has one as young as OKC EVER won a title?
THE TEEGEMAN::What the hell are u talking about...young yes, to young no!  Thats why they are going to win it all..THEY ARE YOUNG AND STRONG AND THEY WILL TAKE IT!  AND IT WILL BE NO SURPRISE!
THE TEEGEMAN::The Heat wont even make it out of the first round of the playoffs...they had a decent year, but they can say good-bye to the Finals..THEY JUST DONT HAVE WHAT IT TAKES TO TAKE IT TO THE "NEXT LEVEL" AS THEY SAY!
aquaadverse::The 2010 season called and wants  their cliché back.
somerandomguy30::if they play new york or philly, they will
Timmy D The Pro 4::nba is the worst, it's easy to nit pick when you don't even have a team you will admit to being a fan of. what are you afraid of?
Timmy D The Pro 4::Who is the best nba player
nba is the worst::What's your definition of "best"?  I like Durant for MVP, and Rondo for impact on his team's chances
nba is the worst::I'm a lifetime bball player and an NBA analyst/critic.    Your (failed) attempts at patronizing notwithstanding, I'm certainly not afraid - what is there to be afraid of on an ESPN chat board?
aquaadverse::With multiple online names  for better trolling, eh Sledge-Carlos ?
Heath0847::lebron didn't even score 20 points against the bobcats when wade was sitting out
miamifreak3::People complain when Lebron does all the scoring, people complain when Lebron doesnt score enough. Just shut up and accept the fact that we won the game regardless you naive $@%!$@
atowriss::DID HAVE TOO, D PITT DID ALL THE SCORING
izrosechinese::Who beat the Crap out of the Bulls and the Celtics when it MATTERED last year 4-1 each?  CASE CLOSED!
Timmy D The Pro 4::Dude............I almost feel sorry for you.
aquaadverse::Returning players:  Wade, Bosh, James, Jones, Miller, Haslem, Pittman, Chalmers, Howard, Anthony. Unless the NBA has 20 player rosters I'd say you are the confused one.
nba is the worst::You seem confused, son
nba is the worst::How is that relevant?  The heatles have half their roster consisting of different players. It's also clearly this year, not last year!
Heath0847::izrosechinese - Who beat the Crap out of the Bulls and the Celtics when it MATTERED last year 4-1 each?  CASE CLOSED!  tru dat
Heath0847::lebron is a boss bobcats not so much
nba is the worst::A couple of thoughts:  Was this the 1st game all season that someone played more minutes for the heatles than lebr0n?  How bad do you have to be to be the only 2 players to have a negative +/- vs a 7-51 team on a 15-gm losing streak?  (Jones -3, Curry -4) - with not one Bobcat having even a  + or even a 0!  .
cdh48::I bet you couldn't go + vs the bobcats
Timmy D The Pro 4::You poor soul
GBM04::And the Celtics couldnt beat one of the worst teams lol.
aven66::...only to beat the Heat convincingly the last 2 times they played. What's your point?
Gilchrest89::HEAT WIN!  That's news these days!
erik31808::Heat finally found a team they can push around.  Good Job!
Chicagocold312::Wow it's funny how those baskets seem to just go in when you play a team that's 7-51, it was magical night for the Heat.
Christo677::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
Christo677::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
Christo677::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
53Kevin::WOW! The Heat beat up on the NBA's worst team.Now thats a big accomplishment!('wink ''wink)
Clippers.Are.Better.Than.Supercuts::The heat feels a lot better after beating the worst team in the nba?
Junked Up::"Wade sits, but Heat roll in home win »"  That's the headline for this game recap. It should be "Wade sits, so Heat roll in home win"
53Kevin::It should be"Wade sits,so Heat roll over the worst team in home win".
BillKnebel::Anyone else think nba 2k12 is the best sports game since tecmo super bowl?
aven66::HELL YES!!!!!
jyetter247::Greek mythology predicted LeBron's failure. check it out @ http://www.yetterisland.blogspot.com
Michaelprestby65::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
YHM226::heyyyyyy you guys won 1&gt;lmao!!!
greenmagnum::7 and 51. Christ almighty.
I Abuse Heat Fans..::<b> Heat fans = my property </b>
thenbatmm::Matt Barnes Postgame Interview!!!  PLAYER of the game!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FY3ruLx1bKg
e10Sauell::Wow! The Heat are Back look at how they handled a title contender the BOBcats lol
