Edison Hunter::I lived in Miami from 2005-2010 and I can honestly say that the majority of Miami Heat fans aren't actually 'fans'.  They are more accurately described as 'consumers'.
Kevin Fernandez::Yea we totally believe you
Derrick Berry::Yeah, you mean that? Indiana not knocking no more, looks like they trying to kick in the door, better protect your home.
Edison Hunter::Keep defending an organization that retired Michael Jordan's jersey before Hardaway and Zo.  Heat Fans = white pants, sunglasses inside, saying, 'We getting bottles tonight, bro. Dale.'
Matt Fleetwood::Heat fan on a winning night: "We are the best team ever, hahahahahahahahah". Heat fan on a losing night: "hahahahahahahah, look at you guys trying so hard, we're not even trying".
Matt Sherwood::aaaaaaaand it's a winning night. tough to be you.
Matt Fleetwood::Matt Sherwood You're right. The NBA has really been affecting my mentality.
Patrick Kading::Matt Fleetwood Affected you enough to complain about Heat fans.
David Seleno::Pacer Fans: BUT BUT BUT Paul George was fouled on that last brick! Newsflash: 1) It's questionable if he was even behind the 3 point line, 2) He is shooting FTs at 85.7% this season, meaning stats say him making 3 FTs in a row are 0.857 x 0.857 x 0.857 = 62.9%, 3) Even then it's not like you would even win the game, 4) Do you honestly believe Miami will average out less than 25% from 3 against Indiana in the playoffs and 5) STOP WHINING ABOUT CALLS - YOUR "superstar" FLOPPED harder than a fish out of the water in this game, it was almost as bad as Adam Sandler's acting. Good day. P.S. He needs to get rid of those sideburns, his barber should be fired those things are hideous.
Scott Hall::He was behind the line and fouled.
Sheante' Thomas::David Seleno let's not talk about how much wade, bosh, and battier flop when they play us and I find it hilarious that you say do we think that the heat will shoot less than 25% from three. There's a reason that the pacers have the best d in the league and best against the 3 and let me ask you this do you believe roy hibbert will have less than ten points and stay in foul trouble throughout the game don't think so.  And everybody knows that lebron is the best in the league but show paul george what a real superstar is? the dude didn't even shoot the 2 3s or the fts that won the game come on now try not to be totally biased.
Jannis Neumann::A heat fan talking about flopping. Interesting.
Matthew Todd Ballinger::every time i watch a heat game when they play in miami, i think to myself, "so thats where all the dbags from high school live now"
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Wow Matt, I guess you learned to lash out in dbag therapy, congrats
Rob Vejdani::Nice generalization. When the pacers finally win a series against the heat then u can talk smack.
Matthew Todd Ballinger::Rob Vejdani generalization? i can tell you the 3 types of heat fans. 50 + year olds with spray tans and all white clothing, woman with fake boobs, and jersey shore wannabes who go sleeveless under a heat jersey to show off "the guns"
Jody George Prats::Does anybody cry more than the Pacers and their fans?
Dean Helming::probably heat fans considering you are crying about us
Matt Sherwood::Dean Helming certainly not crying about you tonight lol
Chris T Mincey::Dean Helming miami won,did u check score??
Shaun Mitts::I feel like most Heat "Fans" are internet Warriors.   look at that garbage arena
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::This message made NO sense at all, you must be proud of 10 seconds of wasted keystrokes
Soumava Chatterjee::Or maybe they have, I don't know, lives? Idiot.
Anthony Barbaro::You have to remember something, those floor seats and lower level seats are way out of the price range of the real Heat fans. The rich and famous and those looking to be seen are the ones that show up late and don't fill the seats at the start of the game and after halftime. It's not fair to lump all Heat fans in with the ones just looking to be seen.
Donaven Murray::Pacers fans crying about refs. Typical. Just take your L and keep it pushing.
Mark Randy Myers::I haven't seen any Pacer fans crying about reffing unless you concider LBJ's theatrics a few times last night that of a Pacer fan. And he may be just that I hear he is looking for a new home since Miami isn't going to win again.
Donaven Murray::Mark Randy Myers well then you must not be able to read because after the game that's all they were crying about. And keep wishing.
Mark Randy Myers::Donaven Murray well you have to overlook some fans, it was a great game , and even though we lost I enjoyed watching them battle it out. That being said I notice you have a lot of those fans too. I guess every team does.
Jeremy Pastrick::Why are the Heat fans so mad? This is just another game for the Heat... Right?????
Sloto Mania::Yeah and they won
Chris Mathis::Jeremy is mad. :o)
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Hahahaha, Jeremy you want some attention REAL bad huh?
Bronya Vogel::I see the Heat are already getting the excuse train rolling. And no I'm not a Pacers fan. Just see the writing on the wall.
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Yeah because games in December TRULY matter...teams that beat Miami in the regular season puffs out their chests, until playoff time comes
Steve Ungar::You see an excuse train?  Where?  I see players both before and after the game saying it is not a playoff game.  What you call an excuse the rest of the world calls reality.  This game counts as much as our loss to Detroit, and your loss to Detroit.  1/82nd of the season, not 1/7th of a playoff series.
Corey Pyle::Steve Ungar Nobody is saying this game is "equal to or greater than a playoff game". Everyone IS saying that both of these teams "love-to-hate" each other as much or more than any other 2 teams in the NBA. So, while it still "counts" the exact same as any other game, the players seem to want to win it more than any other, regardless of "how much it counts". It's a rivalry
Grant Altic::Heat fan are such hypocrites.  They can blame the refs when things are not going their way. but when other team start blaming the refs heat fans come yelling
Rodger Strait::exactly true
Jack Malich::That is just every sports fan.
Robyn L. Davis::Grow up.
Jody George Prats::Pacers = 28 free throws Heat = 22 free throws Pacer fans need to wake up and smell the GOAT
Bob Gay::There are other types of fouls you do know that right?
Scott Hall::New fans use FT attempts to grade officiating
Will Holcombe::Pacers had 21 fouls and Heat had 20 fouls.  Pretty even in the calls.
Jim Barnes::Not a fan of either Team. Watched last minute of game.Cannot understand how a foul was not called on James. You can't touch a guy in the act of shooting. Lebron had both hands on the guy. Another ridiculous mishap on perhaps a gambling Ref.
Robert Hawley::pacers probably would have lost anyway though because george was not behind the arc.
Brandon Tigues::good no call refs
Vitor Pereira::also if anything, the foul should have been called before the shot
Shawn Bento::Lol at Miami players and fans complaining about flopping when they're the biggest violators.
Kervin Vancol::Trololol so funny.
Benny Thai Tran::Isn't that the funniest thing.  Miami has 3 of the biggest floppers in the game.
Mitch Thomas::Just came to here the ref excuses for the Pacers choking.
Matt Fleetwood::*hear. High school is treating you well.
Mitch Thomas::Honest mistake. Don't arrest me, grammar police!
Matt Fleetwood::Mitch Thomas If you come on the internet to troll, you better do it well!
Nick Gilbert::Why am I not surprised the refs didn't call that foul on Lebron James? It was clearly a foul. You can't wrap your hands around a dude's waist while he is shooting. Sad, Miami can't beat the Pacers without help from the refs.
Joshua Steven Williams::And yet this happened: http://espn.go.com/nba/playoffs/2013/matchup/_/teams/heat-pacers  Must be hard to lift your head up with all that tin foil weighing you down! And by rule, you actually can touch a man's waist while he is shooting, so long that it is deemed to not affect the shot being made. Was this your first game? Welcome to the NBA! :D
Michael Slattery::You sayin' it was the refs that won the EC 'ship for the Heat v Pacers?
Jeremy Andreano::u r an idiot...he did not push him he had his hand on him. If they called a foul for every time someone had a hand on someone u would see 100 FT a game. He did not alter the shot he did not push him he was off balance before the shot anyways
Rob Palmer::Heat fan prior to tipoff - this game is just one of 82 and has little impact  Heat fans after final buzzer - we're the best, Indiana is second-rate
Jabari Akil::Pacers fans prior to game - "OMG WE ARE GONNA CRUSH THE HEAT. WE MEAN BUSINESS. Pacers fans after game - "WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH. WAAAAAAAAAAH. WAAAAAAAAH. :'("
Andreo Miller::Jabari Akil stfu. I'll spam your mail
Tony Padron::Heat fans before the game - we are the champs, Heat fans after the game; we are the champs! Pacer fans; we were ABA champs 50 years ago!
Jody George Prats::Heat 3 for 19 from three and still in it. The Pacers have no chance in the playoffs when those shots fall for Ray Ray
Jeoby Redondo::heat will lose
Trey Willoughby::IF they fall for Ray Ray
Rodolfo Valentino::its amazing how all these idiot fans say the refs favor the heat haha
Will Posters::because they do... not even referring to last night, as that was poorly officiated all around. but in general, they do
Shawn Bento::Here come the refs to aid the Heat.
Derrick Berry::It is very hard to threepeat. Jordan and Kobe were the best players at the time, but the teams they had were dominant. Kobe won the title 5 times and all those teams had 7 footers, Shaq, Bynum, and Gasol. The same with Jordan, Cartright and Luc Lonfly. They all had clutch shooters, Robert Horry, Derek Fisher, Jordan had, Paxtson and Steve Kerr, not to mention were theyclutch, but they all would kill from downtown. Then they all had rebounders, Lamar,Shaq, Gasol, and Bynum, Jordan had DDennis Rodman, Horace Grant, Luc, and Bill. They all had a sidekick that could do everything on the court. Kobe had Lamar Odom, Jordan had Pippen. Miami has problems protecting the paint, rebounding, and nobody really helps Lebron. He leads his team in Points, assist, and rebounds. I know Lebron is good, but tell me if they had a real good team atleast he would share one of those slots. Just wait until Miami goes on a west trip. Detroit exposed them and Indiana, but Miami won by 1 point to Orlando abd Charlotte at home.
Tamika Berry::Big bro preach
Steve Ungar::Wait till Miami goes on a West trip?  You do know Miami has a 16 game regular season win streak against the west, only four away from the record held by Boston, right?  We have lost four to the East, but are undefeated against the west.
Matthew Earl::Don't forget John Paxson.
Tim Gourley::THey should change their name from the Miami Heat to the Miami Floppers.  They disgrace the game of basketball.
Tim Gourley::Post of the year, if not the decade.
Connor Torres::Tim Gourley you gave youself the honor of post of the year? seems legit
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Disgrace the game of basketball? Somebody get Edgar Allen Poe on speed dial, someone is trying to take his place
Fern Torres::Lebron leaves the gamed the heat go down double digits ...he comes back they go on a run ...this dude is the TRUTH!!!!
Fern Torres::Oh so you just want him to go through the motions? He's a competitor he's playing ball.
Simo Kukurik::LOL at the no call on the last play. Since when can you have your hands all over the shooter and no foul is called? Not saying he would have made the shot but I guaruntee if the roles were reversed, the refs call that 100%
Matt Richardson::And Crawford strikes again, that foul should have been called on James for basically pushing george on the last shot
Josue Tamarez::Not a big deal!! That was a 2 point shot and time was up!
Matt Richardson::Watch the replay his foot was behind the line
Benny Thai Tran::A Shove by Cole and they don't even  call it.  Here comes the refs.
Robyn L. Davis::Do you always whine like a baby .
Rafael Gavidia::Not really whining, he was just stating the obvious.
Mitchell Swirth::Rafael Gavidia but when Heat fans state the obvious about a foul not being called they are all complaining...
