Chocolate Thunder.::With that being said, this is the real reason Boston did not fold.  Your 2012 NBA MVP   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRjhIWg9Q1I
Dribbird::MVP
Chocolate Thunder.::The simple fact of the matter is, Boston is one of the best teams in the NBA since Rivers made changes  to the starting lineup. Like it , hate it, dont believe it, cant accept it, it doesnt matter. Those are the facts.
Road dog Red::well..time for my senior nap guys... stay safe and i wish you all Peace, Love and  SOUL
kneegrows14::celtics!!!!!!
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Go C's. Have a good one.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::One thing is certain: the C's have a better shot at making the Finals over the Lakers.
kneegrows14::one last time at least, that would be great
Bynum Pulls Down 30::I want one last game 7 between BOS/LAL before both teams windows close.
Road dog Red::Whoa, whoa.........hold on there horsey... lets be realistic here... it'll be tough for either of them...but the Lakers have more healthy bodies if Kobe is back for the playoffs
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::The Sixers had an easy schedule which inflated their record. Once they started playing real teams, the truth came out.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Sixers helped them by melting down.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::If they are not, you are right. Dooling is a piece of crap. But Allen will be fine.
Chocolate Thunder.::They needed a miracle to come back from 15-17 and win the Division.  But here we are.
Road dog Red::hope spring eternal eh... i'm not so sure...the Tics need a miracle for those guys to be healthy at playoff time...
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Allen and Pietrus should be good to go by the time the playoffs start.
Road dog Red::OK..so WHO are the Tics healthy 8??? KG, PP, Bradley, Rondo, Steamer, Bass and ????
Chocolate Thunder.::Only need to be 8 deep
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::The C's are not deep: you are right. But they are playing better basketball.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Miami and Chicago say otherwise. They are about even.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Who has the series lead bt the Clips and Lakers this year?
Bynum Pulls Down 30::LOL@ Paper Clipps
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::That's assuming Memphis gets past LAC: should be a competitive match up.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::I think Manu is going to be out again after that hit last night.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Spurs - will run into Memphis in round 2. adios
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::What about the Spurs? Memphis is doing well though.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::OKC and Memphis only real threats to LAL in my opinion
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Watch the game next Tuesday to see the C's crap on Miami again.
Road dog Red::Truth is...SVG will be gone before Howard... Orlando can't be that dysfunctional to screw that up...or can they???...Hmmmmmmmmm
Road dog Red::it would fit ...from Porky Pig to Daffy Duck
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Wouldn't it be hilarious if Jeff Van Gundy was his replacement.
Road dog Red::So...meet me at Logan Airport guys. Dwight will have a lot of bags to carry
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Even if I liked Howard, do you really think he wants to come to Boston?
Road dog Red::LMAO...nope..he's not
Bynum Pulls Down 30::umm, he's not doing that right now.
Road dog Red::you pay...they'll PLAY
Chocolate Thunder.::He said he would not mind playing in Boston
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Which one will he have you carry first? Could take hours to decide
Chocolate Thunder.::Could it be that Rajon Rondo is an interstellar visitor?  The answer to this question, according to Ancient Astronaut Theorists, is a resounding, YES
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::The C's have two picks this year. Maybe Fab Melo's the answer.
Road dog Red::NO Rookie is the answer...especially on Docs team
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::You make a good point. But you never know.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Celtics drafted Pierce that worked for em. Would be cheaper too
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Him and Darius Miller
Chocolate Thunder.::I do like Ancient Aliens though.  So does Rondo
Road dog Red::GREG ODEN, the NUMBER ONE draft pick in the country four years ago is a free agent. Can he be the answer????   the question is....  Do you feel...LUCKY???? well... do ya ..PUNK
Bynum Pulls Down 30::your starting to act like Knicks fans. Thinking everyone is coming to your team.
Road dog Red::Stop it..get in character here... everyone know Greg Oden is a throwaway joke...used to get the audience primed for laughter
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Ahahahahaha, i can picture KG's response to Lamar Odom when he asks KG for a hug...would be hilarious
Road dog Red::Big, lumbering Omar Asif, yeah that walking tree for the Bulls..is available at the end of the season...make him an offer he can't refuse..Chicagio is notoriously cheap..he's only getting a mill and change...won't be hard..  has anybody seen Semih Erdan lately?????
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::That would be nice. He's underused and isn't that bad of a player.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Howard refused to go to the LAL because the Buss family and Kupchak would of laughed at him trying to run the team.
Road dog Red::Get Dwight, add Gerald Green and Lamar Odom.. tie it up and a bow and here's yer christmas present fellas.. don't fight the feeling \
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::I like Green and Odom. Just don't agree with Howard.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::I know.
Chocolate Thunder.::That was a song, i dont actually watch that show.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Just Gray's Anatomy
Chocolate Thunder.::I dont even know who they are..haha.. I never follow the popular media
Bynum Pulls Down 30::If you sign Odom you will be deep in the Kardashian muff patch
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::It was a joke Bynum. I don't keep up with the Kardashians.
Road dog Red::we got skanks here in Boston to fill in for her
Bynum Pulls Down 30::And why is that?
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::They will be divorced by the start of the season.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Can't see Khloe commuting from LA to Boston..
Chocolate Thunder.::Now, im not saying Howard/Rondo would not be an unstoppable force, because they would. But eventually his bitch-ness would  ruin the team.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Howard wants to be Co-GM, Coach, President ...who wants to deal with that ?
Chocolate Thunder.::Kaman is not the long term answer but he would be a fine addition for the right price.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::I imagine his market value will be around 8-9M a year at this point.
Road dog Red::Humphies...talking bout a guy who will ruin team chemistry and no.. resighning KG is a bad move...he'll be coming off the bench like Ray allen in another year. One has to plan for the future
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::What about Humphries and re-sign KG?
Road dog Red::thats 8-9 mill too much
Road dog Red::Chris Kaman is getting paid 14 mill to practice playing basketball..    talk about hitting the lottery
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Kaman was an All-Star on the Clippers. Dominated before injuries
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::LOL. That was funny.
Road dog Red::Chris Kaman can't even look at Dwight Howard without peeing himself
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::I still think he can be good too.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::What's D12 getting paid to act like a fool?
Road dog Red::Chris Kaman...we are talking about  THE chris Kaman of the New Orlean Honets...a lower level BASEMENT team at best,.. practice pro extraordinaire Chris Kaman who makes 14 Mill to lose hair while riding the bench.. HE SUX
Chocolate Thunder.::Any scorer, whether a wing scorer or post scorer is going to WANT to play with the best PG in the NBA.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Chris Paul ? Deron Williams? Russel Westbrook?
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Bynum shoots better then 50% from the line.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::durrr. centers aren't shooters, the all-time great PG's shot 80 - 90%
Chocolate Thunder.::Can you call a Center who shoots 50% from the FT the best? Sure you can. Dont be stupid.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::I can't call a PG who shoots 50% from the FT line the best.. will never happen
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Westbrook is not a PG and you know it.
Road dog Red::that was FIVE years ago... \but Doc and Danny knew better...without KG..none of this happens. Sorry Amigos..but yer kidding yerselves if you think you can get it done with Steamer and Bass... the only thing you'll get is FIRED from yer GM position
Road dog Red::Dwight is Right in GREEN
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::What's wrong with Kris Humphries or Kaman?
Road dog Red::OMG...NO you didn't
Chocolate Thunder.::Nothing really.
Chocolate Thunder.::You just said Boston has buckets of cash. So you are aware they will have the money to sign a player.  To say they will just stick with who they have now is ridiculous. They will add someone, but it better not be Howard.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::They were only traded after agreeing to re sign.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::They were traded to Boston
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::No, they want to play under Mike Brown...
Chocolate Thunder.::Kg and Allen did.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Do any big name free agents really want to play in Boston?
Chocolate Thunder.::And i dont EVER remember Kg saying, Im not playing anymore, trade me.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Right before the playoffs. Howard just looks ridiculous right now.
Road dog Red::Kg is not nearly the same as Howard. Kg plays with heart and passion, with FIRE.   Y'all have short memories..it was said that KG had quit on Minny when he was traded for...same crap..different day
Bynum Pulls Down 30::I don't ever remember KG joking around. Or playing around during huge games.
Road dog Red::It doesn't MATTER what you remember...you are a post it sticker on a woolly mammoth.... in other words.. YER NOT IMPORTANT
Chocolate Thunder.::Kg played into his 30's before being traded.
Chocolate Thunder.::Kg is not nearly the same as Howard. Kg plays with heart and passion, with FIRE. Howard does nothing but quit and when he does play, hes just all smiles and gayness with no drive to fight and win. Hes a pansy, basically.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Exactly
Road dog Red::the Tics will have 40 mill to play with after this season... HELLO DWIGHT
Bynum Pulls Down 30::TOo bad Howard is under contract with Orlando
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Good question.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::trade who ?
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::The ability to re sign him and pay the big dollars after the trade. This is something other teams would not be able to do.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::How does 40 million in cap space net you Howard in a trade?
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::It's called a trade.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::How can Boston sign Orlando's Howard? explain please..i'll wait for you to put the bong down to type
Road dog Red::still hating and hoping eh...it would hurt ya so badly if it came off eh..heeeheeehee LooSah
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Going to be sad to watch the Celtics go another 20 yrs without getting to the Finals. LAL/BOS finals are always the best.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::zzzz
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Going to be sad to see the Lakers be eclipsed by the Clippers.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::You made a decent point Bynum. Not going to argue there.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Paul and Griffin will be gone soon enough, Clippers are always consistent.
Chocolate Thunder.::Not really.
Road dog Red::Magic center Dwight Howard has called team owner Rich DeVos to tell him that he won't play for coach Stan Van Gundy anymore, WKMG in Orlando reported.  Howard missed his sixth straight game with a back injury Wednesday against the Celtics, and Van Gundy already has said that he is preparing for his big man to miss the rest of the season and the playoffs.  Howard is still upset that Van Gundy publicly said this month that Howard asked management to have him fired, sources told WKMG.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::How can you want him on the C's after this debacle?
Road dog Red::C'mon..use yer noodle.. The same was said about KG 5 years ago...REMEMBER?????
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::HOWARD
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Who quit? Lebron?
Chocolate Thunder.::Who wouldnt? Bryant is finished.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::What about a player that openly quits? Who has no heart?
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Good thing Kupchak doesn't own the team?
Road dog Red::Wake up and smell the coffee...  LA has got Bynum and Gasol... neither one endears themselves to their local public...BUT THEY ARE WINNING..  if its between obtaining a player that personally pleases you and being viable...guess which way i'm leaning
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Are you high?
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Kupchak would prefer PP and Rondo over KOBE
Road dog Red::Yeah...with the Big Three..gone and finished after this season you got WHAT????? NOTHING  You better meet me at Logan...Dwight might have a lot of bags to carry
Bynum Pulls Down 30::No worries, Rondo and Pierce would have to be traded for Howard. And Orlando wouldn't want em.
Road dog Red::Bobcats might have worst record ever. Does this make Michael Jordan the Michael Jordan of tanking?
Road dog Red::Sad fact: The Bobcats have spent more gametime trailing by double-digits than MIA, OKC, CHI, or SAS have trailed period.  That could be Boston next year...  WE WANT DWIGHT
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::No Howard please.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Give that dream up, no chance of getting Howard..ZERO ZIP NADA
Road dog Red::Hater x's 2...
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Unrealistic fanboy
Road dog Red::hATER
Road dog Red::Dwight with Rondo, Bradley, Pierce, Bass and Stiemsma next season...bada BING...throw in Gerald Green and Lamar Odom..   Yeah.......Do ya smell what the Rock is cooking
Road dog Red::SVG sux...he's a scrub coach.... \but if Orlando want to keep SVG and trade Dwight...well..dumber moves have been made in sports. The Tics got Bill Russell cuz St Louis had their 'quota' of black guys
Chocolate Thunder.::Imagine what would have happened if Kg simply told Doc, No im not moving to Center. Or Ray Allen had said, no way, im not coming off the bench.  I know, its hard to imagine either of those guys not doing what they were told..but just imagine.  These are the kind of guys Boston needs.
Road dog Red::Stop the kvetching...when he comes...you'll be right at the airport with me. As a matter of fact...I heard the same thing about KG 5 years ago.... oh YEAH
Chocolate Thunder.::I would rather roll with Rondo, Bradley, Pierce, Bass and Stiemsma next season than sign a pathetic piece of shit like Howard.  Bostons players are about team and sacrifice. They are not about catering to a pampered little bitch.
Road dog Red::Better meet me at the airport dude...Dwights got a lot of 'baggage' to carry ...lol
Road dog Red::bring the family
Road dog Red::Easy to say when yer playing other peoples money...BUT Losing doesn't sell tickets...
Road dog Red::be REAL...boston is winning becasue those guys fill suporting roles with KG, PP and Ray...  but KG and Ray will be GONE...adios Muchochos..next season to OTHER teams where their fans once hated them...you might watch the Tics lose and like it...but winning SELLs baby...
Chocolate Thunder.::Boston is winning. And they are winning because they came together as a team. Guys made sacrifices and it worked.
Chris31708::Anyone really hate Duhon's existence in the NBA?
Road dog Red::Screw Porky Pigg... i'm taking DWIGHT... Hey Dwight.. i'll pick you up at the airport and CARRY yer bags...you'll do fine here
Chocolate Thunder.::What kind of selfish, arrogant dick tells their Coach they wont play for them anymore?   Fuck Howard, i would not want a guy like that in Green, EVER
Chris31708::SVG would rather play Duhdumbass than Ish Smith, maybe Howard realizes that Duhon $@%!$@% sucks and should be nowhere near any basketball court, let alone the NBA's.
Road dog Red::Howards got BRAINS
Road dog Red::Yeah...with the Big Three..gone and finished after this season you got WHAT????? NOTHING You better meet me at Logan...Dwight might have a lot of bags to carry
jdzspace.::agreed
Road dog Red::Wake up and smell the coffee... LA has got Bynum and Gasol... neither one endears themselves to their local public...BUT THEY ARE WINNING.. if its between obtaining a player that personally pleases you and being viable...guess which way i'm leaning
jdzspace.::I guess we did the right thing by standing by our team during the struggles after all. . . . good thing we didn't give up on them. Like certain gut less trolls from teams in Florida suggested.   good times
jdzspace.::so I guess McNasty can show up on the "Dwight refuses to play for SVG" room. . . . yet remains absent from this one.   what a coward. can dish it out, but can't take it
Chocolate Thunder.::C's!
jdzspace.::dammit, I am irritated that McNasty didn't even show his face yesterday. he did for one second when i wasn't here. then nothing.   no comment on how this team that in his view is a ".500 team and will lose 2 if they win 1" and blah blah blah blah . .. . not only swept his Magic, and have a better record, BUT also just had a report that Dwight REFUSES to play for SVG now. . . .. with a year left on his deal.   Remember how he once said "with Dwight we will contend for 10 years"... .. . yeah, how's that working out for you?
Road dog Red::The Tics will take bad ol Dwight off the Magics hands
Sports101545::I wish danny ainge can make a trade and give us howard next year.
Road dog Red::cross yer fingers
ent1991::I wanted to trade rondo, then Allen.... I have so much confidence in this team.     -----Danny Ainge
Road dog Red::Thats Dan'l
Road dog Red::Chris Kaman...yes THE chris Kaman of the New Orlean Honets...a lower level BASEMENT team at best,.. practice pro extraordinaire  Chris Kaman who makes 14 Mill. was traded for Chris Paul...i mean ...REALLY ..now thats a bargain eh... and I thought Donald Sterling was dumb  Aight...gotta go see my therapist...align my ego with my psyche and meld both into the spiritual growth of my metaphysical being
Road dog Red::Ersan Ilyasova... of the Bucks... does he like chowdah??? Send him a bucket Danny..start GMing dang it
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Can someone please make Big Baby a jersey that fits
Road dog Red::Chris Kaman is getting paid 14 mill to practice playing basketball..  talk about hitting the lottery
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::at least he tries when Monty gives him burn...there are WAY worse contracts
Road dog Red::and who the heck is paying Kwame 7 mill...who is that stupid?????
Road dog Red::Haaahaaah..  yer right...NY is paying Billips 14 mill (really just 12...the clips are paying the other 2 mill)...holy toledo...but stop it..he's injured..when not injured..he is BETTER than Chris Kaman...i can understand yer a lil bitter about the NY being on the hook...but talent wise there is NO comparison
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::that may be...but he doesnt have the worst contract by far. at least you know that now
Road dog Red::Chris Kaman...yes THE chris Kaman of the New Orlean Honets...an BASEMENT team at best, who makes 14 Mill. was trade for Chris Paul...i mean ...REALLY and I thought Donald Sterling was dumb
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Kawame makes 7 mill...wrong again
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::lamar quit on his team, sorry Kaman is not nearly as bad
Road dog Red::Kwame makes 3 mill
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::the knicks are paying him 14million
Road dog Red::Lamar makes 8 mill
Road dog Red::Chauncy makes 4 mill
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::LAMAR ODOM
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::CHAUNCEY BILLUPS
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Kaman gives you 15 and 7 when he plays
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::JEROME JAMES
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::KWAME BROWN
Road dog Red::crickets...chirp chirp
Road dog Red::Like WHO????
Road dog Red::Tim Duncan???  He's a FA at the end of the season...Duncan in Celtic greeen??? ..Nah.........
Road dog Red::GREG ODEN, the NUMBER ONE draft pick in the country four years ago is a free agent. Can he be the answer???? When the question is.... Do you feel...LUCKY????  well... do ya ..PUNK
Road dog Red::Big, lumbering Omar Asif, yeah that walking tree for the Bulls..is available at the end of the season...make him an offer he can't refuse..Chicagio is notoriously cheap..he's only getting a mill and change...won't be hard.. has anybody seen Semih Erdan lately?????
Mastab8r69::So reports are coming out that Howard won't play for Van Gundy and that the injury isn't serious.. He's such a $@%!$@% tool and needed to be traded when the Magic could have gotten something good for him. And watching Skip Bayless defend Howard makes him look like an idiot.
Mastab8r69::Hell, as long as it's someone decent if I had a say I'd do it.. He's done nothing but caused drama and instigate.
Road dog Red::we'll throw in Jeff Green
Dribbird::No, lets keep Marquis.   Get rid of Sasha
Road dog Red::and Marquis Daniels for the cherry on top
Dribbird::Jermaine O'Neal too
Dribbird::Trade him to Boston for the Clippers and Celtics 1st round pick in the offseason.
Road dog Red::Hey Danny Ainge Lamar Odom is available...albeit for next year...but.get the ball rolling Roy Hibbert, Lamar Odom, Gerald Green...... Pimping Ain't EASY..unless u know what yer doing
MikeVernon87::Lamar won't play anywhere except in LA.
UCF_Grad04::C's are now locked in at the 4 spot.  Time to rest up and work on scenerio basketball until the playoffs start.
