utep1313::last to comment
mr mellow::As a knick fan nothing to brag about.  Long way to go fire D'Antoni never like him for the Knick job anyway.  Then again I guess timing is everything.  Coming after Isaiah.
marcpru60::"shook off pain in..." seems like he is always "struggling" through something, awfully young this Melo guy to have body breaking down already
codypayant::And sign P Jackson, he's gotten enough sun.
codypayant::The Knicks almost lost, Fire D'antoni, Trade for or Sign a good, defensive SG with size, and wait of B davis to get healthy.
NyKnicksFan03::yesterday's Win will Mean nothing if THEY DON'T WIN TONIGHTS GAME.
jwusrt11::"With the 1st pick in the 2012 NBA draft the Washington Wizards select Jared Sullinger from Ohio St"
bobbym543::this was a really good article on mike d'antoni, i thought. check it out: http://bit.ly/A7lWp2
Chex LeMeneux::Can the Wiz still amnesty Rashard Lewis's useless @$$?
dinuccijohn::john wall is $@%!$@%!.
suman4270::is john wall still dancing?
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::0-7 i think not
ytpunx14@aol.com::Delete
mark35345::This would count as a loss for most teams in the NBA.
stone419::a win is a win, all that matters
ThoseAllBusiness::Rautins is a better shooter and a better defender than Fields and we let him go.... stupid. L. Fields grabbed long rebounds off of missed jumphots last year and everyone thought he was the second coming of Charles Smith, while I screamed to keep Gallinari over this guy for the simple fact that he could create his own shot, get to the foul line, and could shoot better.  I'm sorry my fellow Knicks fans, but this team won't improve until a lot of you learn the game of basketball. At least you all are on the right track with your disdain for D'Antoni.
stone419::wait, so the knicks are bad because the fans dont know basketball? really?
jmfinn77::Are there any other Knicks fans our there that are pissed the Knicks won.  I was praying for them to be blown out!  We would be in better position if they kept loosing - One step closer to Mike D being a distant memory.  I used to be a fan of his and thought his wasn't getting treated fairly by the fans and the media...BUT...Now I understand that this guy is not just bad for the Knicks but also is bad for basketball.       1.  He does not run an offense - He runs what he calls "freestyle."  That so called 7 second offense can look amazing but is absolutely worthless in close                games.  It produces way to many garbage shots.      2.  I really do not know what they could possibly be discussing in those late game timeouts when they need a defensive stop.  Are those time outs for the          Knicks really necessary - because they always come out of them with no plan.    I think if you look back at there first game of the season you see the problem clearly - Rivers was not accepting of his teams lack of commitment on the defensive end - He called the Celtics defense soft during a time out and reiterated this publicly after the game.  When Mike D was asked about the poor defense he made excuses and blamed it on player fatigue...Mike D refuses to take responsibility for the real issue - The Knicks are simply not putting effort into the defensive side of the ball.  Where as the rest of the NBA is almost exclusively drilling defense during practices early in the season Mike is mostly concerned with the offense.  Ironically his system works BEST when his team gets defensive stops.  Mike D has to go.  The Knicks need a body on the bench that resembles a coach - a person with a game-plan.  Lets give Woodson a shot for the rest of the season and see what happens.  It is not like Mike D will be resigned - OH WAIT...this is the Knicks front office that we are talking about - they will probably not only give him an extension but make him the highest paid coach in the NBA.
randalll48::I am not one to endorse cappers but The Ambassador at www . bettor believe it . c o m is hands down the best guy I have ever used. All of his plays are 100% documented and come with full write-ups. If you want to hit at 75% mark or higher, honestly use the best in the nation
wahzoo5::why isn't this front page head line news?  the Knicks won a game!!!  Holy Crap!!!
Go_Avs123::I agree! they are the favorites to win the championship this year! A come from behind win against another crappy team! Woo hoo Knicks are going to be the champs!
tranScend::good thing the knicks put landry fields on the untouchable list last year.  clueless front office will never net the knicks fans what they so desperately seek.
flybye23::beating the winless wizards by 3 points only and it was on a push off and forearm to the defenders face by Carmelo to get open and hit the shot.  wow the knickerjokers are bad.  where is all the talk about Chandler helping out alot ???  oh wait, i guess one man cant play defense for everyone huh ?
gwaller8::To barely beat the Wiz is pretty awful given the talent that the Knicks have paid for.  What happened to the "defensive specialst" Jeffries?  I hope he's still stealing his paycheck like he has his entire career.
nyli51644::ASAP ROCKY
BlazersWar::I'm impressed with Carmelo Anthony, 37 points on 33 shots ... he is doing his best Kobe thing.
nyli51644::lo0o0oz hey blazerswar u smell like a dirty diaper covered in indian food
Baron Harkonnen::"Guys are going to be banged up, tired, and the strong are going to survive."  Don't go Rex Ryan on us, D'antoni.  "We're a long ways from being any good."  Whew.
Merriweather Brown::Two guys took 54 out of the 89 shots.  There's no balance there, &amp; the Knicks are not going anywhere with that type of ball distribution.
mintzerkj4eva::The Knicks couldnt beat MIA, CHI, or BOS (if healthy) in a 7 game series IMO  These teams will defend better and NY could not stop them from scoring
nyli51644::false statement junior
flybye23::not false at all.  the knicks have no chance with their no defense sorry selves
mbatkiew::They probably couldn't beat the Pacers, Hawks, or 76ers in a 7 game series. That's IF they even get into the playoffs, could go either way right now. They're not doing that well and this is the easy part of their schedule.
MarcusXP50::I'm not happy at all by this game but a win is a win.
Marcia Jovana::Sorry Knicks the Heat are much better than u   Heat &lt;3
rsingh5887::nice rack btw
rsingh5887::hey did they do in the finals last year? oh yea they blew a 15 point lead in the final 5 minutes and lost in 6. sucks doesnt it?
nyli51644::$@%!$
nyli51644::nice $@%!
Lvking78::truth hurts dont it lol
MarcusXP50::Wait till they play then talk...but until then shut that trap.
ForcaBarcaVivaEspana::Rashard Lewis needs to go
MarcusXP50::Thats what Lebron said too.
---..Heatster::.
zootallday13::toney douglas 0-5 1 assist 3 turnovers in 12 minutes, Shumpert 10 points 7 assists 5 steals 2 turnovers, mike bibby11 points 3 assists 1 turnover, and Dantoni will probably still start TD
SRaff922::What's a sure-fire way to drive yourself to suicide?  Read the "jokes" in the ESPN comments section.
TheDags0513::Good Luck and good night Knicks fans.   Unfortunately, it looks like the Heat own the NBA this year.  All of our teams need to build to compete against that monstrosity.
rsingh5887::you probably said that last year too hhaha
zootallday13::heat wont win, lebron can't handle the pressure
Owenchristian914::lebron wil and never have heart he will choke every time.special players have it and he does'nt.it's not something you can aquire by shooting a thousand free throws
DatBoy64::Yeah, instead of infighting, we should all join together in an effort to take out Miami (as long as the Celtics have no part of it).
csallstar11::make all the nuggets jokes you want stronzo, as stupid as they are....because the nuggets are 6-2, knicks are 3-4
nyli51644::u faggott
nyli51644::hey i saw u wrote nuggets i want nuggets i just smoked a blunt i got da munchies
darkstar5967::and Will the Thrill, lol.
TheDags0513::Just think if they had JR Smith. Deep team.
darkstar5967::don't start that $@%! again, we had just gotten clear of it.
samwsazsa::D'antoni was best suited with the suns now that team was awesome
DatBoy64::He couldn't come to NY &amp; play physical, defensive-minded basketball like they do out here.  Everyone predicted he'd be a bad fit too because of that... &amp; they were right
sportshead96::Cuz Nash's sick shooting made him look a lot better than he really is
bkny6978::Alright Im out, tonight showed starting lineup will Be Baron, Shump, Melo, Amare, and Chandler when Baron gets back. Goodnight.
DatBoy64::Ciao bro
TheDags0513::I don't see any defense in that line up.
darkstar5967::Shump and Chandler are defensive specialists... Maybe the others will buy in? Melo has shown flashes when he want's to... I think Amare is a lost cause on D though ,lol.
sportshead96::If the Knicks dont win a playoff series this year dantoni is gone, and they probably give Mike Woodson the HC job
nyli51644::chemistry my $@% what is this highschool play ball $@%!
TheDags0513::If D'antoni is not gone before the playoffs, the Knicks have a big problem.
raistlinvii::Phil won't coach this team. Phil only coaches teams that can be winners. The Knicks are surely not it. What's more, Phil isn't stupid, and he isn't going to work for Dolan, the worst owner in the history of the NBA.
darkstar5967::They will stick with Dantoni for the year cuz that was the plan... If Phil comes outta retirement, he's gone... If he doesn't win a playoff series, and phil stays retired, then woodson gets the nod.
TheDags0513::Take your chances on Woodson. This is not working.
sportshead96::The knicks chemistry.  Which is so bad that its pretty much non existent.
TheDags0513::I hate to sound rude, but what chemistry are you referring to?
sportshead96::As much as they should get rid of him, switching coaches in the middle of the season when the season is already compressed will only create more problems.  Especially with the chemistry this team has.  Their best bet is to ride out the year and hope for the best.
csallstar11::hahahaha knicks suck! almost lost to the wizards!!! thanks for going to ny melo!
bkny6978::Look at Shumps #s, he was +20 on the floor, 10 points 7 assists 5 steals.
DatBoy64::Cool, thanks for the analysis on this guy.  I don't follow the NBA or the Knicks all that close, &amp; all my attention is on this weekend...  the 2nd-best weekend for football (&amp; possibly all sports) for the entire year.
darkstar5967::People started comparing him to D-Rose tonight... Not quite D-Rose, but he's athletic, and isn't afraid of the spot light... He has upside, but time will tell how much on the offensive end. He was never a good shooter in college ball.
darkstar5967::True
bkny6978::Yeah but we need him for everything else not shooting yet.
DatBoy64::Tell me about Shumps bkny... Seriously, is he a big man or a guard?  I've heard others talking about him.  Does he actually have any promise?
darkstar5967::He's D is Shumps biggest upside, as well as his handle. I think he could be a bigger Rondo, since i don't think he'll have a solid jumper until he really works on it.
darkstar5967::He's 21, and the knicks intend to use him as PG for the most part, and probably slide him around to the 2 every now and then like they did tonight. He was a floor general in college, so he's used to running a team.
bkny6978::Rookie. Probably 22, and he is a combo guard, can play a 1, 2, or 3.
DatBoy64::How old is he?
bkny6978::He is the type that can guard a Wade, Rose, or Rondo, aggresive + can get his own shot.
bkny6978::He is a player.
BustaRhymesYo::So Carmelo is injured... Iman isnt 100%.. Neither is Amare.. Baron Davis is injured.. Knicks dont have a pg.. their coach is horrible.. What a year for Knicks fans.
sportshead96::Iman and Amare are fine.  Look at how they played tonight.  BD will get back eventually, and Anthony is probably fine.  Its not time to panic just yet.
DatBoy64::No, Dags is right....  Washington never should've changed their name.  The Bullets was a great name.  Wizards is sorta dumb
TheDags0513::It was a joke.
sportshead96::THE BULLETS!!!!!!  Dude, this isnt 1972.
TheDags0513::Ok, the Bullets have looked pathetic this year and scored a lot of points. I'm not talking Heat defense, but give something in the form of West Coast defense and you have a shot.
TheDags0513::No offense but what's new here?
Tim Chodzin::Carmelo needs to take more shots.
sportshead96::Oh, good
Tim Chodzin::No, it was meant sarcastically haha. 33 is a lot.
sportshead96::Are you serious?!
jetsyanksfan6::i have been watching the knicks play bad basketball since 2004. 8 years already when will they learn to play well.
DatBoy64::How did the Lakers get by Golden State?  The Warriors were pretty well in command in that one.
TheDags0513::I think Curry is looking at another surgery on that ankle.
sportshead96::And the hope brought by Mark Jackson is slowly fading.
darkstar5967::Cuz the warriors don't have curry to settle them down when ellis starts chuckin'
DatBoy64::I'm not sure Mike Brown is gonna get the job done out there.  I could see em regressing a lot....  it would be about time too.  They've been solid for many years now
darkstar5967::yea, not really hard to believe though. For now it's still the Lakers until some takes them out. AND they still have the Black Mamba
DatBoy64::Hard to believe, but the LA Clippers may actually take that division over for a few years
The Big Stroonzo::Q: What do Denver Nuggets fans do when they run into The Big Stroonzo?   Scatter, and leave the thread to the intelligent people.  <b>...LOL!!!!!</b>
KyleFurtner::............That was f'n $@%!$@%!. Are you supposed to be the intelligent one?
sportshead96::Good God, being a knicks fan is horrible.  They should have destroyed this team.  The Wizards have no chemistry, fight among themselves,haven't won a game, and they still came out with more energy than the knicks.  What will happen when they play better teams.
Crimanal94::Being a wizards fan is worse.  At least as a Knicks fan, you have some home.
DatBoy64::And they went down 28-16 in after the 1st quarter too.  THis thing looked like it was gonna be SERIOUSLY ugly when it was all said &amp; done
BustaRhymesYo::Knicks have no chemistry, and their coach is terrible. They have too much talent to be nearly winning against the Washington Wiz.
darkstar5967::I think they found out one of their biggest problems tonight... TD isn't a PG
DatBoy64::Yo Busta....  What's cookin bltch?
sportshead96::If they dont win a series, dantoni is gone.
Yanks for the Win::If its not a first round sweep, I'm happy for now.
sportshead96::If Davis is healthy, we might have a chance.  If he's not, we arent going anywhere in the playoffs.
Yanks for the Win::Thats true. I hope BD still has a few shades of his former self and they can hold the fort till then.
darkstar5967::knicks were +20 with shump on the floor tonight... enough said.
darkstar5967::He's what they need, someone who can breakdown the defense, and get guys open. not dribble out the shot clock like TD keeps doing everytime he runs the point.
sportshead96::You honestly think toney freakin douglas is any better!  Shump is proving himself worthy
BustaRhymesYo::Ill take someone who thinks they are Kobe than some Bum of a PG in Douglas.
Yanks for the Win::Shump shouldn't be the starter. Kid thinks he's Kobe out there
darkstar5967::exactly, Shump proved himself tonight, and if TD starts another game, then i might have to jump on the Dantoni hate wagon.
sportshead96::Your right.  If dantoni had a brain he would make shump the starting PG until Baron Davis gets back.
Yanks for the Win::It's a sad day to be a Knicks fan. I didn't think our team was gonna win the ship but this year but it has just been embarrassing. D'toni needs to go.
KyleFurtner::Win the ship because you added Carmelo? REALLY? The dude is so fn overrated. Most players in the NBA can score 37 points a game if they took 33 shots
TheDags0513::Come on. Eddie Curry is going to get a ring this year. SMH  What does that fat guy have on Riley?
TheDags0513::Isiah Thomas isn't looking so bad anymore.
darkstar5967::Isiah will ALWAYS look bad, lol.
samwsazsa::All is going according to plan for the Wizards keep sucking my friends the joke is on the rest of them!
darkstar5967::I hope wall does good things, he has the potential to be a Rondo kinda guy right now, but if he develops a mid range game, he could go to a whole new level for himself.
DatBoy64::I'm tellin ya, Wall totally put the kabash on himself when he came out &amp; did that stupid Dougie dance when they introduced him in his 1st game.  He's jynxed forever cuz of that
TheDags0513::Until Blatche is gone, Wall's game will never develop. He is a Charlie V. type cancer to a team.
darkstar5967::Wall would be good if he ever worked on his jumper... It's so hard to watch him throw up bricks like that.
TheDags0513::Suck for Anthony Davis.
DatBoy64::Well, except for John Wall.  He blows.  Ever since he did that damn Dougie on national tv.  He ruined his own reputation before he ever got started
samwsazsa::He had a decent night tonight
darkstar5967::Looks like another Lottery pick is in store for the wiz... Pretty good jump start for a rebuild.
The Big Stroonzo::Q: What does an Denver Nuggets fan do when his team has won the NBA Finals?   A: He turns off the PlayStation 3.
Bronx Salute::What do you all think of the new Wizards' uniforms?
TheDags0513::Canal Street.
TheDags0513::Not a hater. My C's looked like Knickerbockers tonight.  The Heat own the East this year.
Its Eddie Murphy::Sad but true
darkstar5967::The C's need to bury their fossils and get some younger talent.  not hating, but it's the truth. KG used to be one of my favorite players, it's sad to see him play like this.
TheDags0513::Pierce thinks he can make his own shot. He holds the ball until there are five seconds left on the clock and then:   1. Passes the ball to Rondo to make him look bad 2. Throws up a bad shot.
DatBoy64::I dunno, I ain't saying Pierce is bad... just sayin he really bothers me to no end, and I am no Knick fan either
TheDags0513::They still give PP too much credit. He was never anything special. I want KG and Allen taking those shots and Rondo making the passes.
darkstar5967::He doesn't really do anything anymore (except for the leadership part) He used to be EXPLOSIVE on offense when he was in Minnesota, Just a shell of himself on offence now. Still a decent defender, i'll give him that.
TheDags0513::A Rebounder wouldn't hurt either.
TheDags0513::He doesn't shoot the ball anymore. If we had rondo, Allen and KG, we have potential.
DatBoy64::As long as the Celtics have a bad year, ya know?  I can't stand seeing Paul Pierce happy
TheDags0513::C's fan and I HATE PP.
darkstar5967::Wow, the jokes are really starting to get pretty lame...
darkstar5967::Looks like the dust is settling, lol.
Bronx Salute::See the one below.
DatBoy64::Well, he does have his hands full a little.  He's up against 3 or 4 pretty vocal NYC-haters (&amp; possibly Strronzo-haters)
Bronx Salute::His last Denver joke was irrelevant and terrible. Having resided in Colorado and spent time in Denver, he's sorely mistaken. The last time I checked Arkansas doesn't have an NBA team.
DatBoy64::Stroonzo's got some good ones up his sleeve, but he's been getting abused pretty hard here by the Denver people.  He may be running on fumes by now
chambo1995::al qaeda hates the Knicks...
rpalermo21::are you $@%!$@% kidding me?! that was the lamest joke i have ever heard in my entire life
Bronx Salute::*crickets chirping* *golf claps* *facepalm*
