stgoat::WE WIN!...wait...
stgoat::GET THE BALL IN DURANTS HANDS.
dvohs13::I bet if OKC traded Westbrook they could get plenty in return
AGoonieNeverDies::Westbrook is a dumb pho-kin eeediot
Basketballguy245::I always thought OKC should have kept Harden and traded Westbrook. Westbrook is a great player, but he wants to be the star on a team that is Durant's and his shot selection is horrible at times.
ncathey15::thats an outburst?
tampabay 503::Really how can so many people be hating on westbrook. This guy is competitive and wears his heart on his shoulder and he likes his game and his teams game to be perfect id rather have a PG that demands perfection then one that shrugs off a bad play
dvohs13::Westbrook actually holds OKC and Durrant back by his constant poor shot selection. He has taken more shots then Durrant this season yet Durrant has made plenty  more. Westbrook wants to be the star so badly but knows he is so far behind Durrant. OKC needs to just trade him and his antics somewhere else and bring in someone who can play team ball and score
BavarianM3::dude his attitude and approach to the game is detrimental to OKC's title hopes
27TitlesandCounting::Westbrook is overrated.. Let's see what he does swapping roles with John Wall or Kyrie Irving..OKC wouldn't miss a beat or even better with No Attitude
Bearcat5734::irving maybe, but Wall? How can you say that westbrook isn't a better player than Wall....
kfufu::they should've traded Westbrook instead of Harden. Westbrook is playing for his own alpha, not team alpha.
BavarianM3::westbrick needs to grow up and accept his role as robben. Pippen did and that gave him 6 rings.
dvohs13::Its easy to score when you take 25+ shots every night. Seing him shoot 6-29 is not good for the team in the long term
Rich P1942::What is shooting percentage? Every bad shot he takes is another possession that Durant does not get to finish.
Newbdogg::West"brick" as you call him is 7th in the league in scoring.
Rich P1942::Let's see: keep Westbrook and be a circus that gets close but NEVER finished the job or trade him while he has some value and have a legitimate chance to win it all.  Westbroke=no title.
ElvinHayesRules::How can Westbrook get so pissed at a teammate over a botched play when his own mental error possibly cost them the title in the finals?
rightersbloc::Yeah, it's ok, my 9 year old is like that sometimes. But he'll grow up.
Mr. C1ean::http://science.howstuffworks.com/life/5-ways-your-brain-influences-your-emotions.htm#page=4
cha204::LOL. Harden is a bum. That should be Curry's spot. He's in the ASG because of his first 5 games.  - Curry is a better more complete player! Funny how Harden was so hated till he left the thunder. He is a great 6th man,role player. He is not starter worthy. Rockets will never win more than 45 games with him! He is never going to be great or a centerpiece for a franchise to build around!
cha204::Martin is a better defender than harden!
cha204::True! I also feel like Harden needs to get a mid range jumper!
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::I kinda agree. Harden is starter worthy, but we have to get used to seeing him in that spot. He still plays with that I'm gonna be sitting down in 3 minutes so let me get up some shots mentality. But the only reason he's gone is because of the new CBA. They wouldn't have been able to afford all of them. SO it's Westbrook, Ibaka and KD. Everybody else can go.
cha204::If you watched the Thunder you would know their passing is a lot better without Harden. They are a better defensive team with Martin and he does more without the ball!
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::You had a good point and now this..........lol. Martin and defender I have never heard in the same sentence. If you're saying Martin is a better shooter then I agree.
waynesmith3320::I watch basketball and I have seen many Thunder games...their problem sits primarliy at the feet of another allstar, not Harden.
gt1master_ike::Curry is a better player? I am not so sure. Curry plays with better players. That much is certain. Put Curry on the Rockets in place of Harden and they are probably worse than they are now.
gt1master_ike::Nope. Curry would have to score too much on the Rockets and his scoring efficiency would drop of the cliff because he already doesn't get to the line much and he shoots a low FG%. Harden's only problem is his turnover rate is too high but his ability to get to the line negates his low  FG%. Thats why he averages so much points per shot. All those free points at the line makes him so valuable.
cha204::probably slightly better with Curry!
waynesmith3320::We obviously watched different Thunder games over the years.  He is much more than a role player...don't know why you have such a hard on for the guy...
JAMEZ709::Yes, Westbrook is a hothead and his shooting is off some nights but the dude is a straight baller that has never missed a game and their record is 35-11.  I'm good with that
kfufu::so you're cool with having a good team in the Thunder, but never a champion?
joe877::no doubt he is a baller.  he is also possibly the biggest baby in the nba.  its like watching a 5 yr old
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Cha204................worst troll ever.
cha204::im not trolling. this is a Thunder game recap board, I am a thunder fan!
FadeBackShootAirBall::he's also annoying..I never understood what people get out of trolling, why can't people just come here and talk basketball without being irritating $@%!$@%!.
FadeBackShootAirBall::lol maybe so
waynesmith3320::Lower your expectations...helps to reduce your disappointment.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::It's the social networks. People don't even watch games anymore. Just highlights and box scores. Oh and 1st take. Sports is getting to a sad state. Just look at all the non sports related topics. This te'o guy? Would that have been on ESPN.com in 2001?
gt1master_ike::From what I see from his posts, he is extremely biased toward anyone on the Thunder.  Earlier today,  he said Kevin Martin was a better player than James Harden and Harden was an overrated ball hog who couldn't pass or play defense.
gt1master_ike::There were 3 reserve forward spots yet  4 forwards made it. The reserves should have been Parker, Westbrook as the 2 reserve guards and Harden and Curry as the wild cards. Lee, Randolph and Aldridge were not more deserving than Curry. One of them should have been left off.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::gt1master_ike - Harden did not steal anyone's spot. Without him, the Rockets are battling the Suns for worst team in the West.  It was a tough call, but I think Curry should have got the nod for being more consistent. But the NBA has a lot invested in Harden.
FadeBackShootAirBall::I disagree..if you watch what harden is doing with less help and the youngest team in the NBA he deserves it, he has them in the 8th playoff spot when everybody thought they would be nothing more than a lottery team.
gt1master_ike::Harden did not steal anyone's spot.  Without him, the Rockets are battling the Suns for worst team in the West.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::LOL. Harden is a bum. That should be Curry's spot. He's in the ASG because of his first 5 games.
waynesmith3320::Aren't you actually giving him a compliment by labeling him as you did?
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Damn.......you're right.
FadeBackShootAirBall::Epicurusxm That is a valid point, but it still comes down to Lebron himself. He is the one that started calling himself King James...that's why people expected so much of him and he got all the blame for losing. ------------------------------------ I agree with this but it's hard for me to place the 2009 ECF loss against the magic on lebron..he avg 38 ppg..9 assist and 8 rebounds..while mo williams struggled in that series..in the regular season he avg 17.8 ppg on 46 percent shooting and in that series he avg 16.3 ppg on 40 percent shooting.
cha204::they were a horrible 3 point shooting team. Most of Battier and millerrs 3's were contested! Chalmers did hit a few wide open looks,but heat were missing those all season and in playoffs!
cha204::Suck it airballz!
cha204::LBJ GETS THE BLAME. And if the heat's magic 3's were not falling he would still be ring-less!
gt1master_ike::Magic 3s? Most of those attempts were open saved for a few lucky contested threes Battier hit earlier in the series.
FadeBackShootAirBall::trolls get flagged
cha204::LBJ STUFFED SOME STATS THAT SERIES WOW!
FadeBackShootAirBall::trolls get flagged
Epicurusxm::That's fair. I wasn't necessarily saying he was to blame for losing, but pointing out that he was held in such a high regard, that the blame was put solely on him.
FadeBackShootAirBall::agreed
gt1master_ike::That was fair in Cleveland. He hasn't lost a  playoff series with the Heat when he has played well and until he does, we can say if he plays well, the Heat should win.
FadeBackShootAirBall::Oh..that's true
cha204::LBJ GETS THE BLAME!
FadeBackShootAirBall::trolls get flagged
cha204::TOP 5 WORSE LBJ MOMENTS 1ANNOITING HIMSELF KING 2 CHOKING HORRIBLY IN FINALS AND GETTING SWEPT 3 NEVER WINNING A TITLE WITH THE CAVS 4 NOT SHOWING UP IN GAME 2 AGAINST WEAK MAVS TEAM! 5TAKING HIS TALENTS TO SOUTH BEACH M EDIA SLURPFEST
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Cha......Can I see the film where he anointed himself? ESPN and NIke made it up. Remember the commercial where one of the ESPN guys stold his throne seat? Or the one where he was trying to find the paper jam? I guess like people call the heat fans bandwagoners since 2010, you have been a hater since July 2010.
cha204::YES!
FadeBackShootAirBall::same "weak mavs" team that swept the lakers and beat OKC in 5 the same year
Westjag::Yup the thunder would be undefeated without Westbrook and KD would avg 34 pts a game
cha204::CMON DUDE 40 AT LEAST,AND WESTBROOK'S GHOST WOULD OF COST EM ONE GAME LOL!
cha204::Durant choked the last 3 years. Against LA in game 7, Dallas in game 5, and Last year in the finals. Durant is not a better defender. You can't have your go to guy guarding KG and Duncan on one end and having to score 30 on the other.  - So I guess Jordan choked in 86 against the Celtics87 88 89 against pistons. YOU ARE A GOD DAMNED FOOL!
cha204::he had good players in Cleveland! He did not win 60 games by himself!
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::I think it was like 40% of the points were scored or assisted by him.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::People like you forget that Jordan failed an awful lot before 91. And after that, the league began giving him talent to work with. He had to earn it. LeBron changed the way the NBA will handle free agents, so they use the media to make us try to hate him. You think if he were in LA, they would have surrounded him with those scrubs for 7 seasons?
cha204::IDIOT!
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Yep. Choked for 6 full seasons. But we love him. But that was LA in game 6. KD is a choker. Rose is a choker, but they are the good guys. LeBron was and still is humble, but because he's the best player in the game, they do whatever to twist his words around. He showed you what having a little help can do.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::How come people didn't blame Mo Williams for ruining LEBron's chances at a ring during those 60 plus win seasons? Or Wade's poor play during the 2011 season? KD gets the Westbrook excuse?
Epicurusxm::That is a valid point, but it still comes down to Lebron himself. He is the one that started calling himself King James...that's why people expected so much of him and he got all the blame for losing.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Epicurusxm - Nike just made the crown logo? You mean Lebron doesn't have control over how Nike presents his image? Come on now. Even if the original concept wasn't his own, his ego embraced it fully. He's not innocent in the Cleveland saga. I would say the franchise gets 50%, he gets 50%.  KING James.............. Play on the bible of the same name. You make it what you want. I never saw him with a crown and cape on like Bernard King back in the day. Nike did that too. Like I said, it's getting old. Yes he has control over what they present him, but PLEASE show me where he says everybody call me king. I guess it's on the same tape with him promising to win 7 championships.
Epicurusxm::Nike just made the crown logo? You mean Lebron doesn't have control over how Nike presents his image? Come on now. Even if the original concept wasn't his own, his ego embraced it fully. He's not innocent in the Cleveland saga. I would say the franchise gets 50%, he gets 50%.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::NO SPorts Illustrated and ESPN started calling him that. Nike then made the LJ with the crown logo. His old logo was just LJ23. If you want to blame him for NOT telling them to not call him king, ok. But he didn't go around telling reporters to call me King James. You need to let that lie go. It's getting old.
cha204::LBJ IS OVERRATED
gt1master_ike::Wade's poor play has not cost the Heat a ring. Lebron should thank his savior Wade was playing in the playoffs last year because they would have lost the Pacers series without him and Lebron would still be ringless.
gt1master_ike::Yep, I see it. You see the role players on those teams without Pippen?
FadeBackShootAirBall::I agree.what team has won with just 1 player playing well? lol..you see Jordan's playoff record without pippen.
gt1master_ike::But he wasn't there, was he. So do not try to  diminish Wade. The only time the Heat lost a playoff series, it was Lebron's poor play that did them in, not Wade.   @Fade, my point was there is no season to be saved if Wade decided to sit on the Pacers series with his knee bothering him. The Heat can win with Lebron and Bosh or Lebron and Wade but have yet to win a playoff series with just Lebron playing well.
FadeBackShootAirBall::wade lebron's savior? I wouldn't go that far..but yes without wade he wouldn't of won a ring last season because nobody else was doing anything and the heat's 3rd option bosh was out..lebron avg 31 and 11 in that series but still would've loss if wade didn't start playing like he did..but also lebron saved the heats season in game 6 against the celtics.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Pacers series was difficult because Bosh went down. Had he been there making West work, that series would have gone 5.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::If you say so. Every star needs help. Please name me some LEGIT help that LEBron had before going to Miami. And then compare that help to what Kobe and JOrdan got throughout thier stellar careers. LeBron does much more with less. Imagine him on OKC with legit centers and defenders as good as him. Hell put him on Kobe's sorry LA team right now and they would win 35 games.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Durant is the new Dirk. Only difference is Dirk took longer to start going to the hole.
cha204::AND THEY WERE AN8TH SEED !
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::What seed was LeBron when he lost to the Spurs? People still say he choked. I refuse to give KD a double standard.
cha204::What game 7 w La. Durant is not A CHOCKER BY ANY MEANS YET!
Epicurusxm::And you listed all of the eventual NBA champions as KD's teams that he choked against. That's hardly choking...
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::My bad. they lost in 6 to LA in 2010
cha204::Durant is a much better Defender and shooter.Dirk was achoker for years too!
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Durant choked the last 3 years. Against LA in game 7, Dallas in game 5, and Last year in the finals. Durant is not a better defender. You can't have your go to guy guarding KG and Duncan on one end and having to score 30 on the other.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::OKC is doomed. They can't win without Westbrook, and can't win with him. Pretty much like Deron WIlliams and Melo.
Epicurusxm::Yep, Melo has gotten to the Finals before...oh wait...
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Epicurusxm - But comparing what those 2 players have done in the Playoffs is already not a good comparison. Westbrook already got to the Finals, the Heat were just a better team. I don't get all the hate for the Thunder. They just lost to the team that was better.  Thunder was better than them. Better centers, better PG, better 3 (some people say) But Durant couldn't defend. They had him on Chalmers and Miller in some defensive sets.
Epicurusxm::But comparing what those 2 players have done in the Playoffs is already not a good comparison. Westbrook already got to the Finals, the Heat were just a better team. I don't get all the hate for the Thunder. They just lost to the team that was better.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Point is, neither will have a ring.
El danger-mizzle::What a crybaby. Westbrook is a punk $@%
cha204::Westbrook is a horrible ticking time bomb cancer. He single handedly  destroys kd chancesof winning a championship. I mean that bearded muslim guy who cant play d is much better. that Thunder GM IS AN IDIOT! Bottom line if it were not for that druggie lowlife bottom feeder WESTBRICK the Thunder would be 45-1!
ben4170::Whats funny is that the Grizzlies lost by 17 pts, the same avg Rudy Gay scores per game.
micballa22::It didn't matter if they did. Prince is not a scorer and Evans won't get much playing time.
Epicurusxm::They didn't have any of the players they traded for though.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::If that was LeBron and even Norris Cole, the ESPN headlines would have blown it up 50 stories of it. See the 9-8 LeBron coach bump........OKC gets a pass
FadeBackShootAirBall::lol not norris cole but yes this story would've been world wide if it was lebron, even the smallest comments he make.people take them and run with it
Epicurusxm::Except, Westbrook didn't bump his coach, and wasn't yelling at his coach at all. He was yelling at a teammate for messing up an isolation play. Was it stupid and immature? Yes. The Thunder were up double digits at that point anyway, so it's not like it lost them a game. I think they'll all get over it.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::He was yelling at a coach and walked off on Mo CHeeks who was trying to calm him down. He didn't argue with Spo. People blew it up because we were being made to hate all things LeBron.
bobbydagreat::"yes he's a better decision maker on the court..but as bad as people think westbrook is as a PG he still avg over 8 assist a game, so this notion that he doesn't pass the ball is stupid."  The problem with Westbrook is that he takes 19 shots a game and misses 11 of them, the Thunder would be better off if they had flipped Westbrook for a true PG and kept Harden.
gt1master_ike::OKC would be even deadlier on offense if Durant andMartin  got more shots and Westbrook shot less.  Look at their scoring efficiency compared to Westbrook's.  Westbrook can still be aggressive on offense without taking 19 shots a game.
FadeBackShootAirBall::OKC wouldn't be as dynamic and feared as they are without westbrook's scoring, bash him all you want for shooting the ball but I've seen numerous teams change their defensive schemes because of him alone..he has to score
Epicurusxm::I don't know why this is so hard for Westbrook haters to understand. He takes quick elbow jumpers, but he also misses lay ups a lot too.
Epicurusxm::Who do you want taking more shots? Thabo Sefolosha? Even if they would have kept Harden, Brooks would have left him coming off the bench. The Thunder could part ways with him because of that. Kevin Martin has filled in very well and Westbrook is top 5 in the league in assists. I'm not sure why you don't consider him a good enough PG for the Thunder.
Epicurusxm::The 2 teams in the Finals last year both specialize in hero ball...It took Lebron going for 45 in the semis to beat the Celtics. The Heat are a better passing team because of Lebron, but the 2 teams are very similar. I don't get this idea that the Thunder can't win like this, when they already got to the Finals. The Heat were just better in that Finals.
bobbydagreat::LOL, it's sad that is all you got from what I said. Durant is the ONLY player on the team that has ANY business shooting the ball 20 times, you don't run an offense through only 2 players, you spread the ball around and get good shots. "hero ball" only gets you so far, and right now, that's what OKC specializes in.
Epicurusxm::So basically your solution is, Serge Ibaka should be taking 20 shots a game, and KD should be taking 30. That's just not how the Thunder are built, nor how they want to play as a team.
bobbydagreat::I would prefer having those who make a higher percentage of shots to be taking them. Westbrook often jacks up poor shots that have little chance of going in, those are basically turnovers. When you do that 10 or more times per game, you are hurting your team. Maybe he'll grow out of it one day, but until then, he's hurting his team.
4 Petes Sake::how many steals rebounds and PPG is Rose averaging?
cha204::ZERO, ZERO AND ZERO. He blows away pg's on hype and commercials!
bobbydagreat::Westbrick always was a problem for the Thunder, they should have gotten rid of him when they had the chance.
Epicurusxm::He got mad once in a game because someone messed up an isolation play, and now they should've gotten rid of him? You are a clown. He makes big plays even in games that he struggles with shooting %. Thunder will be just fine with him instead of Harden.
bobbydagreat::I disagree, I think they need him to shoot less often and make more of them. As a PG you should shoot less and create opportunities for others if you aren't a very good shooter
Epicurusxm::Every game this year that he's had bad shooting performances, he has still made big shots when they needed him to. He's averaging career highs in every other stat and is the 2nd option on offense for the team. They NEED him to shoot that much.
bobbydagreat::The problem with him is his habit of shooting his team out of games. He's not a good enough shooter to be taking 19 shots a game.
cha204::yep getting to the finals HE IS A $@%!$@% CANCER!
bobbydagreat::The team is the reason they got that far, Westbrook taking 20 shots per game in the playoffs is one of the reasons why they got bounced the last 2 years.
Epicurusxm::bobbydagreat - Durant, Ibaka, and Harden had nothing to do with that....  But you act like Westbrook had nothing to do with it. You can't have it both ways.
FadeBackShootAirBall::this guy's a troll..just trying to get a reaction out of you with his ridiculous comments
bobbydagreat::Durant, Ibaka, and Harden had nothing to do with that....
mcook813::LeBron is a better PG than Westbrook.
FadeBackShootAirBall::yes he's a better decision maker on the court..but as bad as people think westbrook is as a PG he still avg over 8 assist a game, so this notion that he doesn't pass the ball is stupid.
FadeBackShootAirBall::he's streaky, the nights where his jumper isn't falling he should take it to the rim where he's nearly unstoppable..same thing lebron does because he's also a streaky shooter when his shot isn't falling he takes it to the rim a lot..he'll learn through the older he gets.
Epicurusxm::Well at least you have reason. Haters just say FG% and can't get over it. Westbrook is a volume shooter and he has off nights, but a lot of nights he can't miss.
cha204::LBJ IS A STAT HOUND WHO SHRINKS LIKE A VIOLET IN THE CLUTCH!
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::LOL I saw him shrink in the clutch in game 6 last ECFs with like 45 points. You're holding on to the stuff you read here and heard from Bayless.
cha204::A WHOLE TON OF THUNDER HATERS AND LBJ SLURPERS THIS THREAD IS INFESTED!
cha204::YEP A CHAMPIONSHIP WINNING LIABILITY!
You are not cashing them checks::No lbj fan but westbrook is a liability
byronburke::Nice of them to downplay it.  But Westbrook is the reason KD (in my opinion) won't beat LeBron.  I would have kept Harden.  Russell Westbrook is nothing more than Monta Ellis with a better team.
You are not cashing them checks::yeah should have not traded harden and traded westbrook for like a rondo
Epicurusxm::Harden got traded before this season though...not last season. Your point still makes no sense. I'm taking Westbrook over Rondo going forward, even before Rondo tore his ACL.
You are not cashing them checks::Epicurusxm - Yea...24 year old that keeps getting better...or the guy who has peaked and just tore his ACL. Good point...  talking last year
Epicurusxm::Yea...24 year old that keeps getting better...or the guy who has peaked and just tore his ACL. Good point...
FadeBackShootAirBall::lol no he's better than monta Ellis, that's a bad comparison..if you're referring to on court decisions and shot selection then yes I agree but skills wise he's better.
Epicurusxm::Monta Ellis...lol Keep trying hater.
mvshines1::What a Baby, millionaire baby!!!!! He just doesn't get that he isn't the best player on his team, and that makes him mad and act like a baby
cha204::Wow u really hate D wade!
You are not cashing them checks::Rondo cp3 and rose would all be better fits for the thunder than westbrook
Epicurusxm::If you want to compare career's, CP3 and Rose edge out Westbrook for now, but if you are talking about right NOW, Westbrook blows them both out of the water.
FadeBackShootAirBall::that cha204 guy
You are not cashing them checks::FadeBackShootAirBall - he's a troll  me or him
FadeBackShootAirBall::he's a troll
You are not cashing them checks::cha204 - Problem is sWstbrrok is better than those guys!  hahahahaaahahahahhahaaaa  Not better than cp3 and rose
cha204::Problem is sWstbrrok is better than those guys!
cha204::8 technicals..1 ejection...continuously cusses at the refs, yes okay keep slurping durant...they don't give you techs for nothing - Gets away with murder? I think you're exaggerating a tab bit, point is durant complains and whines more than lebron does..he's been ejected out of a game this season for crying..but some how lebron whines more than him? stats will prove other wise...and that's you're opinion if you think durant is the better player so be it..I happen to think lebron is the better player.   - THIS IS NOT DURANT
FadeBackShootAirBall::now that I know you're a troll, I don't have to take you're comments serious anymore, I can just flag you for being annoying.
cha204::Gets away with murder? I think you're exaggerating a tab bit, point is durant complains and whines more than lebron does..he's been ejected out of a game this season for crying..but some how lebron whines more than him? stats will prove other wise...and that's you're opinion if you think durant is the better player so be it..I happen to think lebron is the better player.  - This poor chap has never seen Durant play. View must suck from lbj's knob!
FadeBackShootAirBall::I think we have a troll on our hands..either that or that's durants mother
Jameshardenisoldmansmooth::I hate kobe as a player but i dont say hes not a top 3 sg in the league. Cha ur too emotional bro- make rational statements. Martin over Harden-please  Peace.
cha204::NEVER MENTIONED KOBE!
cha204::On the Thunder Martin is better than harden.
gt1master_ike::You said Martin was than Harden period. Stop backtracking now.
gt1master_ike::Your comments stop holding any weight once you said Kevin Martin sas better than James Harden.
t_ripley::media over reaction, he almost had a triple double, minus that little outburst he had a great night, just wish he reacted better and that espn wouldnt exaggerate what really happened
FadeBackShootAirBall::well he's the one who overreacted..up by 25 and you're going crazy over a 5 second violation when the game is basically over at that point of time.
FadeBackShootAirBall::lol that's an understatement
t_ripley::hence the "just wish he reacted better" remark
Jameshardenisoldmansmooth::Greatest Potential/with Liabilities in the Nba 1.Griffin-would be best frontcourt player in the nba if he had more post moves 2.Westbrook- would be best backcourt player if had better decision making 3.Rondo- Would be an even better player if he had a J and some Long distance in him 4.  4. Name some more
justinmosieralamo::D Rose his shot and he could use a little more assist
Jameshardenisoldmansmooth::oh ok his boards #s r down this yr didnt know that
Jameshardenisoldmansmooth::I though alriidge was pretty descent hes got a good j, would u say hes the best pf this yr. No matter how much i like him u cant say griffin too limited.
jfl3377::he doesn't rebound well, especially during close drag out games where you need to close possessions out
jfl3377::chris paul might be a top 3 player if he could stay healthy for a season
gt1master_ike::He missed 5 games last year. 2 the year before.  As long as he doesn't miss 20 + like he did earlier in his career, he will be fine.
jfl3377::lamarcus aldridge free throw shooting
jfl3377::oops, i typed the wrong thing, i meant rebounding
cha204::Harden would be great if he didn't need the ball all the time had a mid range jumper and ever played D!
gt1master_ike::HAHA, look at this clown.
Jameshardenisoldmansmooth::cha UR BACK!!
gt1master_ike::5. Rubio with shooting ability and healthy ACLs.
Jameshardenisoldmansmooth::True
jfl3377::dwight howard's free throw shooting seems like a big problem
jfl3377::tick tick tick, how long before westbrook get's sick of all the bad press for sneezing while watching KD get all the credit for their success
910dukefan2::Crazy thing is it was over much of nothing.
Boomer Sooner82::Big Game Bob should coach NBA in the off season...  He would make it so much more interesting..
cha204::and durant doesn't? he has 8 technical..more techs than lebron has in the last 2 seasons combined..and I'll be angry also if I'm 1st in the league in points scored in the paint and only getting to the line 6 times a game while durant who's a jump shooter is getting to the line nearly 10 times a game - Durant should have maybe 1 tech. LBJ GETS AWAY WITH MURDER. HE IS THE NBA GOLDEN CHILD JUST LIKE JORDAN HE CAN DO WHATEVER HE WANTS!
cha204::durant never complains. He is the most mild mannered superstar in pro sports!
FadeBackShootAirBall::8 technicals..1 ejection...continuously cusses at the refs, yes okay keep slurping durant...they don't give you techs for nothing
FadeBackShootAirBall::Gets away with murder? I think you're exaggerating a tab bit, point is durant complains and whines more than lebron does..he's been ejected out of a game this season for crying..but some how lebron whines more than him? stats will prove other wise...and that's you're opinion if you think durant is the better player so be it..I happen to think lebron is the better player.
cha204::Which is why Durant is the better player!
gt1master_ike::Huh?
gt1master_ike::Lebron gets to play physical on D but he is not getting to the line as much as he once did on offense despite playing more in the paint than he has in years. He should be averaging more than 6 FTA per game.
World B. Xpensive::"The result was a mini-implosion by the defending Western Conference champions right in the public eye."  Or a typical tabloid reporter making a mountain out of a mole hill ....
Sonic_Sooner::Yeah, definately a slow sports news night.  This is muchado about nothing.
gt1master_ike::Hey cha204, who has more 30 point 8 assists games than Harden this year? I'll wait.
cha204::hIS D IS HORRENDOUS!
gt1master_ike::I see you did not answer the question.
TheGenius.is.Back99::Westbrook is a punk plain an simple. Him and Dwight Howard must be brothers. They should have traded westbrook, he wants to be the main star on the team. You are not the star Durant is, get over it.
cha204::You a taar d! Get over yourself!
JablesBelles::Westbrooks attitude will lead to poor handlings of the most intense and pressure packed moments.
soonerbuzzy::Westbrook plays with a lot of intensity and emotion. It's part of what makes him so good. Like Brooks said all these guys play with emotion. It's what makes them so good. Every night, every play.
Sonic_Sooner::"Every Night, Every Play."  That's a pretty good summation of Russell Westbrook right there.
pmbrown49::Just Okies bein' Okies
CUTigsFloyd65::Westbrook is a baby
cowboysspurs81::He looks like a Ninja Turtle
