natesweet72::Look at that Roymullins was only off by 25 points last night. Not that I expected the Blazers to win by 20 or anything. I do like the new look lineup and was pleasantly surprised to see Nate playing some of the young guys more. Nolan Smith did not look great but it was good to see him out there. At least that way he can get better.
nba is the worst::Weird how well the Blazers play at home compared with on the road.  Just another team fighting for the 8th seed in the West...
bigdickjimagain::The Atlanta Hawks are a frigging Joke.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::usual hawks...inconsistent as hell..gg blazers a much needed win for ya
pdxrovermech::just like teh blazers. stuck in mediocrity
natesweet72::Just like 90 % of the teams this year. There is just 6 or 7 teams who have been winning at home and on the road with decent success.  This is what happens when the owners have a lockout. You get a lot of teams playing up and down ball. Still plenty of time to turn it around for some I am sure. Especially those hovering around .500 The question is which teams will actually make a strong drive for the playoffs and have some momentum come season's end.
bigdogboy42::Good game for the Blazers, but they need to win a close one.  Which player can step up and be a closer?  My money is on Batum.
BlazerSully::Suck it haters!  We're not going anywhere!
nba is the worst::True - but is that really what you meant to say?
onthemic79::I'm embarrassed.  Why on Earth did the Hawks hire this loser head coach after the debacle with the last regime?    We're a joke.
Birdmann._.::The Blazers might not even make the playoffs.  <b>FACT</b>
blazers2189::lol! irrelevant "might" and said "fact" rofl!!!
mnsportswopwopwtfespn::Can't wait til the Tpups play their division.  I want to see us against the Blazers!!!
Birdmann._.::tpups lol
ONEVOICE18::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NuYVTQfYQo   watch what espn did about jeremy lin..sigh
cmeese47::Anyone still on here?
fliptide..::yes, whatdya want?  lol  Da,m. Hawks suck.
808_HI_808::Jsmoove... Is a $@%!$@ monkey!!!! I told him the hawks was rubbish and he still suckin that dik!!! Clown
LostAussie95::That would explain why he nearly got a triple-double...
J-SMOOVE2023::me?
BlazerSully::yeah u, u s.hit talkin idiot.  We blasted you're hawk a.ss tonight.
blazers2189::@kobelies247: yey! happy for you dude! your mom granted your wish to use her laptop.
ONEVOICE18::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NuYVTQfYQo
cmeese47::Could Portland get Josh Smith?
ONEVOICE18::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NuYVTQfYQo
blazers234::no we have nobody that atlanta wants in a trade
J-SMOOVE2023::for batum and wallace?  yes
blazers234::batum we not trading
ONEVOICE18::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NuYVTQfYQo
Jai22T::we talkin ball lil fella beat it
ONEVOICE18::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NuYVTQfYQo
Jai22T::Aldridge is a jump shot shooting big he needs to get 10rebs a night and blk more shots
blazers234::love gets 14 cause he has darko and beasley as his SF and C lamarcus gets 8 cause wallace and camby rebound
BlazerSully::Get off your moms t.it and learn about BBall.  He does all he should and more.
Jai22T::cut it out he's 6"11 stop with the excuses,so y he dont block shots
ONEVOICE18::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NuYVTQfYQo
cmeese47::he leaks out often on fast breaks and is great in transition so with someone like camby or wallace rebounding we can have LA get more easy buckets and less double teams
Jai22T::He's not a guard he's 6"11 forget the leak outs,he's a 2012 NBA big to much facing up
cmeese47::just more rebounds not effort
Jai22T::Y dont u want ur all star to reb more
cmeese47::Portland needs more from Wallace then from LA
Jai22T::What more u want from Wallace he's one of the hardest playin player n the NBA
The North Star State...::How many boards does he get?
Jai22T::Love is a high IQ player but Aldridge is bigger and longer and have never avg 10rebs
The North Star State...::That is surprising.  Love is a jump shooter as well and he gets 14.
Jai22T::8
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::lol at the Atlanta fan saying they can be like the Mavs and win it all. You guys haven't even been to the Finals while the Mavs have been there twice in 5 years LMAO
Frank Reynolds 5::I think he ran away at this point so don't worry about it
J-SMOOVE2023::@frank   eat a dik
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::I remember yesterday when one Atlanta fan came to the Mavs-Sixers board and said why are they showing that game when they could show the Hawks game LMAO. The Hawks will never be good cause they don't play team ball
The North Star State...::6 years technically.
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::you you're right but Atlanta fans should get my point
rromero076::like the knicks lol
Frank Reynolds 5::I can't wait until they go back to being a crap team.
fliptide..::what do you mean, "go back?"  they're below .500 now!
The North Star State...::Rubio shut down Lin but he $@%!$@ up at the end.
Kobelies247::Good NBA teams play on SAT and SUN afternoons!
blazers234::only college teams play on saturday afternoon
rromero076::Blazers have lost a bunch of close games so far this year. Just have not been able to finish
rromero076::nope never been there
jeffreydahmer60::Hawks are trash.
Kobelies247::They make the blazers look like a playoff team huh lol
pablito326::very inconsistent
Frank Reynolds 5::But losing to kings and wizards may you what?
ONEVOICE18::Lenox Square Mall is the best mall to find CUTE GIRLS...TRUE OR FALSE???.. im coming over this weekend 3 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Flag  Edit
ONEVOICE18::no it wouldnt
ONEVOICE18::wow..im not looking for underage girls..sicks minds lol..im 24...alright
The North Star State...::You telling me that a 17 year old with some large chesticles wouldn't suffice?
The North Star State...::Come to the Mall of America.  There is always cute girls there.
ONEVOICE18::im serious,  just asking for anyone whos been in that mall
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::Why would you come to an espn board asking this question lmao as if anyone cares if you'll find any under age girls
Kobelies247::Yes, mostly under 13 so PERFECT for you...
The North Star State...::How did Broussard and Schefter get their jobs?  I wish I made six figures to say random $@%!.
Frank Reynolds 5::Stephen A and Bayless are worse.
austuc33::skip and stephen makes the show yall crazy
Frank Reynolds 5::I have not watched in a while so I really don't know what goes on there lol
The North Star State...::Especially since every subject is Tebow, Lin, or Lebron.
pablito326::lol sometimes you cant even hear what theyre saying because they'e yelling so loudly
Frank Reynolds 5::Yea it is unwatchable
The North Star State...::Don't even get me started on those two.  They have ruined First Take.
rromero076::Think I saw Pargo walking down town today by the nike store
bboysleepy::Broussard is right, but is a notorious bandwagoner
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::Last year he picked the heat to win it all and this year he picked the clippers lmao
pablito326::stern is probably paying him to build hype
bboysleepy::he's like a kid when he sees a new toy on the shelf
Dadsterbug::Can't believe it!   We won a game by 20 pts that was officiated by Ron Garretson.  Gotta be some kind of record!   ;-))
Kobelies247::Makes it easy when the other team plays like crap!
rromero076::yes Oden is playing tonight but hes still sick lol
masala716::where is roymullins?
Kobelies247::Still wondering if Oden played tonight?
Dadsterbug::On the off chance that you really don't know...Oden is out for the season!
Michael Bibby VII::I actually forgot he existed until just now
J-SMOOVE2023::Broussard:  "My sources have a dunk being worth 2 points"
The North Star State...::Chris Broussard is dumb as fuck.
Michael Bibby VII::Have his sources confirmed this?
bboysleepy::Hell yea, needs braces too
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::This is correct
The North Star State...::He said the Wolves would finish with the worst record this year.    What a tard.
J-SMOOVE2023::I guess we could be like the Mavs and just keep losing in the playoffs until eventually we get a couple pieces and win a fluke title
blazers234::mavs have dirk hawks dont
imhungry13579::in order to be like the mavs u have to reach the finals and lose there in devestating fashion, then come back after more years of disappointment and win it all.
popitoff12::Mavs always had a deep roster and finished with a high seed. Hawks don't match that mold.
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::You mad bro?
imhungry13579::seems like the dallas fan is the mad one, bro.
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::Yes you are mad bro
J-SMOOVE2023::no
bboysleepy::I have Ramon Sessions and Eric Manor as sleeper trades of the year.
J-SMOOVE2023::eric manor is done for the year dude
bboysleepy::damn, I struck out on Bogans and now this dude?  asdofaisdufpaosidjfoasf
Masta Da Magician::Hawks suck
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::The East is weak as sh.it
imhungry13579::east isnt weak, its bottom weak, and top heavy.  we just so happen to have the worst teams in the nba in our conference
pablito326::then why are the two best teams in the NBA in the east
Frank Reynolds 5::The entire nba is pretty weak
Frank Reynolds 5::I like baseball a little better but that is just me.
popitoff12::I'm not saying I don't like other sports, but none compares to NFL.
Frank Reynolds 5::I don't agree with that I like other sports too
popitoff12::NFL &gt; All Sports
J-SMOOVE2023::Hawks beat Blazers in Atlanta about a month ago
Dadsterbug::Actually they beat the Blazers last 6 in a row till tonight...
cmeese47::I can't believe Atlanta is considering trading Josh Smith
cmeese47::Smith would be great on the Blazers. Wonder if they would like Felton and Matthews for him.
imhungry13579::smith wants out
cmeese47::he is clearly their best player without Horford
J-SMOOVE2023::I can
NJ Conrad::;)
The North Star State...::I like the hat.
NJ Conrad::Oh me too, only reason I use this pic
bboysleepy::Who sucks more balls?  J-SMOOVE or Chris Broussard?
Frank Reynolds 5::There are a lot of people on here with that j smoove user name they all suck
popitoff12::Is your question asking ever going to stop?
bboysleepy::you have to answer
Masta Da Magician::J-SMOOVE
J-SMOOVE2023::Joe Johnson has made 6 all-star appearance.  Get off his back.  He is a top 5 shooting guard.
pablito326::but he's not worth his contract
J-SMOOVE2023::shhhh!!!!!!!!!  Larry David is talking
J-SMOOVE2023::guess no one catches the joke
J-SMOOVE2023::Why cant we find a new owner?  The ASG has been in control for far too long.
imhungry13579::lockout didnt help
ONEVOICE18::Lenox Square Mall is the best mall to find  CUTE GIRLS...TRUE OR FALSE???
imhungry13579::lenox is a place for the rich folk.  theres no shortage of cuties in such places
ONEVOICE18::HAHA no thanks for them hos..dont like fast girls
ONEVOICE18::WELL.. IM COMING OVER THIS THURSDAY..JUST WONDERING..NOT LOOKING FOR EASY GIRLS THOUGH..THANKS FOR THE REPLY
imhungry13579::theres hot bitc*es at lenox for sure.  also lots of hood rats.    i met method man there
jailblazers30::This is a much better rotation for the blazers with batum in the starting lineup. it allows matthews to split the bench guard shooting with crawford (who isn't consistent enough), and batum seems to have much more confidence looking for his shot when starting. teams just can't guard aldridge wallace and batum at the same time when we have a center in.
bboysleepy::Is Felton enough for Portland?
imhungry13579::felton showed up fat to training camp and has never caught fire or got to where he was when he was with the knicks.  since getting traded to denver, playing backup, and getitng traded again, hes lost his swagger.  right now he looks like sh*t, so no...he needs another fresh start somewhere next year
Frank Reynolds 5::Nope
popitoff12::Is your question asking ever going to stop?
cmeese47::no
imhungry13579::dammit, how does no one have any information on why josh smith didnt that 10th assist.  usually thered be multiple people freaking out about this situation, but i guess people didnt watch this game because 1)its was a blowout by that point, and 2) its saturday night.    In other news.  Hawks suck horribly at least once a week.
pablito326::Never Trust The Hawks lol
Jai22T::Its not on Joe Johnson but he's makin star money and he's just a C sometime B player..
pablito326::hes still making too much
imhungry13579::absolutely
imhungry13579::if hes a C player, majority of nba players would be D and Fs.
Jai22T::and they r ill name many better at the 2 or 3
imhungry13579::nah hes a B sometimes A player.
Jai22T::He's nobodys A player,he do bring it most nights
Ultras South::Oh Hawks, forever inconsistent huh? Bring back the St. Louis Hawks. They actually won a title. (not from there but they'd probably fill up the seats more.)
J-SMOOVE2023::Hawks need to offer Joe and Al to the Magic again for Dwight.  They sure as heck arent getting Bynum and Gasol.
imhungry13579::but josh and dwight b homiez
Michael Bibby VII::Dwight sure as heck doesn't want to play here with our ownership situation
bboysleepy::Is Aldridge better than Griffin?
imhungry13579::Yes, Aldridge is better than griffin.  he is capable of scoring from everywhere on the floor, plays better defense, and isnt worse at griffin in any category.
pablito326::its a tough call, could go either way, but both are good and have a lot of potential
popitoff12::Griffen overrated, no doubt.
The North Star State...::Yeah.  So are Love and Millsap.
