Michael Bradley::I think the way Phoenix has started has a lot to do with the coach.  I believe that Jeff Hornacek has a chance at being one of the elites when its all said and done.
Brent Carroll::he has grand total of 4 loses in his career right now one in the summer league championship 1 against the fully loaded the thunder team 2 in the preseason
Kyle Kramer::CHIEF KEEF!
Eric Evans::To everyone when in the NBA do you see a charge against the team up on the ;last possession NEVER only when its a team supposed to win vs a team not suppose to win that was a joke not only was Parker in the circle but even if he wasn't it's always a no call in the last possession u have to stop a team to win not get a gift from Crawford but anyone who has played the Spurs knows Crawford is San Antonio's pet and we are starting to get use to it
Jared Johnson::Tell us how you really feel
Chris Rasmussen::Not Parker. It was Ginobili. And he was not in the circle. And it was a charge. And it wasn't the last possession. Sorry bro.
Eric Evans::How many calls did Danny Crawford give the calls to the Spurs this game. Including the last on when Green was called for charging.  Just another example of how the Spurs got so many wins over the years by getting every call.  Suns are the better team missing their best player and still should have won the game
Brandon Usher::That was a clear charge, and a dumb play by Green.  And this is coming from a huge Suns homer...
Eric Evans::Brandon Usher ur nuts  any other team it would have been a block call the guy was moving and foot was in the circle guess u have know idea about the rules
Eddie Cruz::Brandon Usher It actually wasn't, the rule states if a player is avoiding the charge as Green clearly was slipping to the side, then it becomes a block. Watch a Rockets game and see Harden do it all day long and get to the line. Huge Spurs homer.
Derrick Alderete::Our bench is stronger than last year and with the addition of Belinelli and the new and improved Patty Mills along with Diaw and Ginobili coming into form we have two starting line ups ....it is up to other teams to adjust to our team and harder for them to find out a strategy against us...Go Spurs Go
Remington Brown::Both teams have had a hot start. Everyone thought the Suns would be very bad and they were very very close to being 4-0 and this team is back to a fast pace play style. Bledsoe is playing like a superstar to start the season. Everyone knows who is on the spurs, u got 3 HOF and a good up and comer at SF. This should be a good game
Brent Carroll::plus they play that utah jazz jerry sloan defense that jeff hornacek has brought plus the doc rivers boston defense they are third allowing 94 a game
Timothy Buchel::- I got the Suns +10.5 last night @ the Pelicans & they won outright  - I can get the Suns @ a staggering +15 tonight @ the Spurs , I know the Spurs are far better than the Pelicans , a lot older I add though , so am I really going to take PHOENIX twice in two nights ?? .. YES , Suns will cover
Derrick Alderete::Everyone always calls the Spurs old, but every year they surprise everyone
Timothy Buchel::Derrick Alderete I wouldn't say the "Spurs" as a team are old , but their core is , no question. I don't think duncan & ginobili will haul heavy minutes tonight being the second game of a back to back , suns are young and play fast , I don't even think the suns will win , but , for a betting man like myself , the suns getting 15 is something I can't pass.
Sam Saenz::Sorry to hear about the money you lost.
Eddie Cruz::Proud of my Suns so far this season. Tony Parker was just to clutch down the stretch. We'll take San Antonio both games at home though.
Eddie Cruz::too*
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Maybe. The Spurs are very good on the road. They are still shaky this early in the season, but by late December they start rolling like crazy. The Suns did a very good job, though, can't say anything bad about that. Everyone expected them to tank, but they seem to have missed that memo. Still need more pieces to be a serious contender, though.
Eduardo Puig::Hopefully Goran will be able to play. Spurs fans love him
Coliseum PizzaRoma::MOUNT MORRIS
Lavender West::I'll just leave this right here for all the Suns fans who want to whine about the charge call at the end.  Start at about the one minute mark.  Enjoy and everyone have a good night http://www.nba.com/video/games/spurs/2013/11/06/0021300068-phx-sas-recap.nba/index.html
Mike Wagener::It's so frustrating to see the SPURS play down to the level of competition.
Justin Wolter::7 min. 9 points, 5 boards.. and a +/- of -4... that seems unreal almost
Mike Wagener::Thank you Timmy for putting the team on your back!
Emil E. Matula III::That was a tougher win than it should have been.
Bruce Milton::I wouldnt say that. The Suns have some good young talent and they play hard.
Emil E. Matula III::Bruce Milton No disrespect to the Suns meant by that comment- Spurs played a horrible 2nd quarter offensively.
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Yeah, Pop did one of his lineup experiments as he likes to do early in the season. Left them on the floor too long, IMO, but hopefully we won't see that one again. It was ugly.
Anthony Reyes::Keif making a fool of that defense!
Charles Cherry::spurs by 13??take the suns to cover...
Brandon Vasquez::spurs by 12.
Brent Carroll::never last years Suns team beat the Spurs without all the athletes we have now like Eric Bledsoe Gerald Green
Emil E. Matula III::Life Item #3 that I just don't understand:  San Antonio moves from a flowing/ball movement offense that generates good shot selection to an isolation/stand around offense watching Manu Ginobili that allows the defense to trap in an easy double team once the clock goes under 24 seconds.  On time every time for the past 5 years.  And that isolation offense results in a made basket (or a foul) only 40% of the time.  AAARRRRGGGHHH!!
Eric Evans::The foul part is cause the refs have been on their side for a while every city in the NBA knows that it's not good basketball it's a joke is what it is
Damon Halvorsen::Dang! Phoenix Suns are looking really impressive so far!! I know we lost, but we are 3-2, with both losses being really close to OKC and SA. Wow, excited for the next game! Go Suns!! (ps: Plumlee is a BEAST)
Eric Evans::The Spurs are done tonight was just the beginning of their garbage Clippers, Warriors, Nuggets, Suns, Rockets are all a better than those geezeers
Sam Saenz::Lol I think I heard this last year….. and the year before that, and the year before that, and the year before that. Yawn it's sad when people hate on the Spurs. Seriously.
Lavender West::What an original comment.  Not like I haven't heard that for the past 6 years.  You're a lot of fun.  I'll make sure I hangout on the Suns boards some more.  See you Friday
Aaron Black::those clippers who lost to orlando and don't play defence? warriors are just as good as they were last year.. nuggets are winless.. suns can compete but a 7 game series?i doubt that. rockets are the best bet.. more so than the thunder
Mad SammyBoy::Pop may sit some of he old folks (Timmy and Gino), so the Suns should be able to make this game a little closer than they would be able to normally.  FINAL SCORE: San Antonio 178, Phoenix 43
Michael S. McHale::As a Suns Fan, even I had to laugh at this
Alex Alari::I love the effort from the Suns.....I think if Dragic was playing we would of won....But just think we were a couple of bounces from 5-0....GO SUNS!!!!
Mike Nylund::The Suns had an opportunity to extend the lead following a miss by Duncan, but Manu Ginobili drew a charge on Danny Green.
Eric Evans::u mean got a call that no other team would have got
Mike Nylund::Pretty sure that Danny Green still plays for the Spurs
Eric Evans::Mike Nylund wow are you a moron
Nik Fridley::All of you Suns fans keep crying; Spurs will CONTINUE to be the better team. Have to give you guys credit for a good game though.
