visky779::Noah second on all star voting for centers? Im a Bulls fan but seriosly? Noah looks like hes husting with that big hair but in reality hes not doing anything special. Chandler McGee, Hibbard, Bogut, Monroe, Mullins, im sure i missed some other good center.  We need to stop over rating every player on the Bulls.  DENG is underrated and we got a solid bench that should get the noteriety.  I would def give up Noah, couple of bench players and a draft pick to get Howard.
peezyfreshbaby57::Big suprise the Bulls beat another scrub team!
bs20kj34::yeah without Rose, Noah, Lucas....
chicagofan68::...gibson...
bs20kj34::DENG BANG
Playing2wintheGame::Where is caseydiif. its time for a fuckin quiz
fightinillini32::HAHAH! Are you prepared?
NBASpect::<i>Tyrus Thomas</i>
fightinillini32::...sucks.
perrypete::derrick rose is perfect!  he is the best passer and should win defensive player of the year along with mvp again.  he is by far the best player in the nba, he gets his teammates involved and doesnt force shots, especially in the clutch.  he will win at least the next 17 titles no matter who his teammates are.  there are no flaws in this kids game, its unreal.  even though his team is better +/- without since he's been a bull he is still god!  this is what you bias bulls fans sound like!  so uneducated to the game its sad!
JAYtheunsunghero::lol then he gets his $@% handed to him and runs away.
chicagofan68::Derrick Rose vs. Top PGs  Rose vs. Paul Rose: scored 8 pts more than average Paul: scored 3 pts fewer than average Bulls win  Rose vs. Rondo Rose: scored 5 pts more than average Rondo: scored 1 pt fewer than average Bulls win  Meanwhile, without Rose: Watson vs. Nash Nash: scored 10 points <i>more</i> than average, and isn't known for brilliant scoring.  Irving had a few points fewer than average, but also played less than average in the blowout.  i'm sure we'll see much of the same if rose plays against the nets. he simply outplays the opposing PGs on both ends of the floor, especially the so called best ones. i'm sorry you apparently don't watch the games and only watch the box scores (and poorly at that).
chicagofan68::there are some damned stats for you.
Mizzourah332::Rose cant play D
Playing2wintheGame::Way to kick perrypetes ass!
chicagofan68::thanks for that brilliant insight.
chicagofan68::and the fucking word is "biased", bias is the noun. if you're going to attack people without any grounds, at least do it properly you dumbass.
chicagofan68::you're an idiot perrypete. you act like you actually watch the games, but then don't recognize how special this kid is? and it's NOT just bulls fans, but pretty much anyone who knows basketball. as much as you think bulls fans give rose too much credit, you give him <i>way</i> too little. you cherrypick stats that support your asinine theory, despite important mitigating factors and context, while ignoring the stats that do him right. and then, when somebody provides a legitimate argument, you say "do you even watch the games???" which is your way of saying, "I have no more arguments, so i'll just attack you baselessly."  look at yourself. NO ONE agrees with you. what's more likely, that you're the lone voice of reason and EVERYONE else is wrong, or that you're simply not giving the reigning MVP the credit he deserves?
Adam01Said::OMG Rose this...OMG Rose that.   Look for me on the Heatle board perry the obsessed.   Oh wait...why would I go there? I don't give a farq about anyone on that team.
Adam01Said::perrypete is a one note wonder.  "I iz jealous of Rose"
pistolpete2008::Bulls fans are correctly excited about this team and about DRose.  Why do you care Mr Basketball?  Are you suggesting that Rose is not a special player?
Lowballer23::Deng = one of the most underrated players in the NBA.
Playing2wintheGame::Deng runs to and from games. he doesnt have a car
NBASpect::Luol Deng should be in the All-Star Game. He's great on both ends of the court, avg around 18 ppg, 6-7 rebounds, plus he always guards the other team's best player. Solid defender.
southridge305::i like dengs game in im not a bulls fan
JAYtheunsunghero::the most underrated player in the NBA
FewL4no1::My All-Star wish list:  PG: Scalabrine SG: Scalabrine SF: Scalabrine PF: Scalabrine C: Scalabrine
WhoaaaaBundy::All you sacks that say they are playing garbage teams, you are right. And they are beating them like they should. End of story. Every good team in the league plays really bad teams at a certain point and they should win. Its definitely not a bad thing to be playing these poor teams while some main pieces of their team are missing. If they play these bad teams and lose "The Bulls are absolute sh.it without Rose and it just showed"...or they beat these bad teams "So what Rose wasnt playing, these teams are soooo bad". Stop your freakin whining about them playing garbage teams. The Heat play bad teams too. OKC plays bad teams too (and happened to lose to one). Shut up, enjoy the basketball and stop repeating yourselves in every da.mn post.
JLew-TheClick73::Boozer did his thing but Luol Deng continues to be the backbone of the team. He guarded just about everybody on the floor,put up his usual stat line and played the most minutes again. Get this man in the All Star Game! .........
Jaguarcrazyboy::GO BULLS. Playing great ball with starters out..
jaysheels245::I know some good college teams that could beat these stiffs. NBA ball is terrible.
JLew-TheClick73::I'll have what you're smoking...................
CandySparker::Carlos SuperBoozer
Jaguarcrazyboy::So my catch phrase has caught on.
ProtoEarth::Anyways I'm off...it's late and I see some are liking their own comment, so I think I had enough conceitedness for one night.
nidonovan1377::Have fun w/the Phoenix Suns 2.0.  All jumpers and not bigs to score it.
bs20kj34::to me this stretch with multiple DNPs every night is beyond impressive for the bulls. i mean they're 15-3 while the starting rotation has played what 5 total games together? the depth of this team is scary...
bs20kj34::i also love the haters consistently on our boards. please keep coming its awfully entertaining
bs20kj34::haha good one
ProtoEarth::You know you are sounding like Miami fans right? Don't let karma come back to bite you.
antistratfordian::So the Bulls and the Heat are facing the same issue.  The teams are flowing better on offense without their ball-hogging All-Star guards.
jfchifan::It's because watson and hamilton are back, not because rose is gone.
bs20kj34::if you think the bulls are playing better without Rose you're a fool
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Just have Lebron play the first 3 Quarters, Wade play the 4th. :P
Nonaligned_::Just hope that lebron can keep playing the way he has been...otherwise...well, we know what happens.
chisport23::All I wanna say is, It doesn't matter what teams we face, we have to beat teams that supposed to, with or without DRose. Get W's that all matters.
nidonovan1377::2012 NBA CHAMPION CHICAGO BULLS  Derrick Rose, Rip Hamiltion, Luol Deng, Carlos Boozer, Joakim Noah C.J. Watson, Ronnie Brewer, Kyle Korver, Taj Gibson, Amer Osik
Monzy1396::how could you forget the white mamba!!??
ProtoEarth::2012 NBA CHAMPION OKLAHOMA CITY THUNDERS  Kevin Durant, Russel Westbrook, Serge Ibaka, James Harden,  Kendrick Perkins
jfchifan::Bulls have the same record plus two wins :)
nidonovan1377::Yeah u can't back ur frontcourt offensively and u know OKC's depth is not elite.  Live by the jumper and die by the jumper is the way it will be for OKC until they can get a 4 or 5 that can score it.  Perkins and Ibaka can get u close but they won't get u to the promised land.  No easy buckets for OKC.  It's a tough way to win a ship just ask Steve Nash.
ProtoEarth::All the players have a part to play....you don't know what they can do until the time comes, so I wouldn't just dismiss them like that.
nidonovan1377::Boozer is putting in 15 a game on 53% shooting.  Nevermind Taj Gibson.  OKC frontcourt doesn't touch the Bulls.  Don't bother posting ur whole roster.  I know after about 5 guys they suck!  That's why u mention Harden who comes off ur bench as a top 5 player.  Intentionally left out a starter who isn't so good?  lol
ProtoEarth::Alright...when that ship sails to the Finals I'll tell you what that's like too..lol.
ProtoEarth::I'm not sure Carlos Loozer is worth mentioning, but all the players on Thunder are relevant. You want me to name them all for you?
nidonovan1377::U really topped me there!  Bulls got the same record.  Ur front court offensively is a joke.  Perkins?  Ibaka?  Ur all perimeter shooting.  Have fun tryin to win a ship w/a team that chucks it from the cheap seats.
ProtoEarth::So when they come out of the West, and Chicago Bulls don't come out of the East...what will you say then? Oh btw 13-3, and first in our division. Something must be working.
nidonovan1377::Or not worth mentioning, lol.
ProtoEarth::Neh...too many names to mention.
nidonovan1377::Noticed u stopped listing guys after 5 players.  Whats wrong Thunder aren't as deep as the Bulls?  Your frontcourt is a joke offensively.  They struggle to get easy baskets cause Durant refuses to go inside of 15 feet unless it's for a breakaway dunk.  Plus Westbrook turns into Allen Iverson and goes into jack up shots mode.
nidonovan1377::I hope Rose does see that the team is very capable if there is more ball movement.  That being understood nobody should think for one second the Bulls are better w/out D. Rose.  If he can just be a better distributer and have better shot selections at times this team would b pretty close to unstoppable.
Akuma2K::The Heat is good on PAPER and that's pretty much it, the addition of battier curry and pittman doesn't make thier bench any better than it was last year.
Adam01Said::All the rest are scrubs. Battier was waived for a reason. He's lost 9 steps. Curry played like 5 minutes and was negative 6. Pittman is as horrible as the last no name center you had.
Adam01Said::Mike Miller = Kyle Korver. Same exact player. HOT...then NOT.
southridge305::some of you no nothing about the heat bench. that team is nothing like last year. first off they have a healthy haslem and miller this year compare to last year and if u dont think haslme made a diiference in that ecf series even though he just came back from being hurt all year, then u didnt watch the games. miller so far has hit 10 three pointers this year and maybe miss three, he also is grabbing boards and is a hustlerin can create own shot. he is better than everyone on the bulls bench over all not name taj gibson. cole is a good back popint guard to chalmers who has gotten better since last year. battier who is underated, but can play defense against the best. kobe shot 1 for 8 at one point with battier on him the most, he can also shoot the long ball. james jones is a great 3 ball shooter. curry and pittman are making strides in can probably play more minutes come playoff time. heat can still use them as big bodies down low against bulls. heat won last year with no true big man and joel sucking on offense. he is also much better with his game on offesne shooting 60 percent around the basket. rip 10x better. lmbo. rip has been hurt most of the year. he has his moments in cant play a lick of defense anymore. battier defense is on another level compare to rip hamilton. i like the bulls, but when fans speak non sense then it makes me have to post these comments
chubby rain::Dude, you're an IDIOT homer, shut up, please.
Adam01Said::Eddy Curry would not be good enough to make the bulls roster...period. Be honest with yourselves...you know it's fact.  Battier would have a chance to be a 11th or 12th man.
Adam01Said::Is he better than Noah, Taj Gibson, Asik or Boozer?  No? Then what spot on the bench can he fill?
perrypete::wow adam, you sure know your basketball!
MEEENMACHINE::Even if Rose matures, they must have 4 "A" games to get past the Heat , who vastly improved .
1WHOCARES1::The heat vastly improved???? where?? looks like the same team as last year ..just with new scrubs....Eddy Curry?? LOL   Battier?? LOL....  RIP is 10X better addition then either!  The heat will NEVER be able to improve, what they have they have for the next several years, they have all their money in 3 players.
MrMacross::I don't know if the Heat "vastly" improved. They still have a few lingering 4th quarter issues. On top of that, Wade might not be as healthy as he was last year.   The Heat are the team to beat in the East, but I don't see them as leaps and bounds better than last year.
nidonovan1377::The Bulls are improved as well.  People look at the Heat and think it is a given that they will represent the east in the NBA Finals.  They look at the series and think oh 4-1 the Heat whipped the Bulls.  They forget that game 4 went into overtime and game 5 came down to the last few seconds.   If the Bulls pull out that game 4 then it's a 2-2 series w/2 out of the last 3 to be played in Chicago.  People got to remember that Derrick Rose is considerably younger than Wade and Lebron.  Last years experience  taught him alot.  While the Heat may be better there is no doubt in my mind that the Bulls are as well.  Time will tell.
MEEENMACHINE::Take Rose and switch places with him with Deron on the Nyets and call the Nyets the Bulls . You think Rose would win 30 games ? LOL !
perrypete::is this english?
MEEENMACHINE::I guess you don't know Russian ! As Borat would say , I make Joke, maybe you don't understand ?
ProtoEarth::Just forget it...sometimes stupidity has to runs it's course, and an extra dose of reality has to do the trick for some idiots. Though people ignore reality ..as "ignorance is bliss" is the more popular route for most.
Adam01Said::Bo0ston game doesn't count...they are HORRIBLE seriously...anybody that follows them and talks craaaaaaaaap about other teams?  MUST be a troll. Right MEENMACHINE?
perrypete::coming from the idiot that is trying to argue with facts!  hard to argue with facts especially when you have zero facts yourself, only a bias opinion.  shows your education!
chubby rain::IDIOT!!
southridge305::even so the heat have beaten the spurs, sixers, lakers, hawks, boston. so its about even with the competiton, but heat were more impressive in their win against lakers, sixers and spurs
jfchifan::So the lakers, clippers, magic, hawks, grizzlies are trash teams?
nidonovan1377::Yeah and I saw them still in the game against the Lakers going into the 4th quarter this season.  WORST LOSS IN FRANCHISE history.  Of course they r a relative easy team to beat but why hasn't any other team given them a 39 point beat down with their best player in the game?    Maybe it's cause the Bulls are rated 1st in the league for point allowed per game (85.3)?  Or maybe it's because the Bullls are 1st in the league in rebounds per game (45.5)?  Cleveland sucked all of last year w/out Iriving and yet the Bulls are the team that gives them the worst loss in their franchise history.  U do the math.
ProtoEarth::YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT THE FRIGGIN' CLEVELAND CAVALIERS....dude come on. Seriously.
ProtoEarth::Exactly.
nidonovan1377::Giving the Cavs the worst loss in their franchise history while our best player didn't even in the game says nothing? Ok, lol.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::I'm not saying it does. But with Rose I believe the Bulls can beat any team in the league on any given night.
ProtoEarth::The problem is the Bobcats, Cavs, and teams like them are below average teams. So beating teams like those does not hold any weight whatsoever.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Well I do believe they can beat teams without Rose, but very High Caliber teams like Miami or OKC for example probably not.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Really, the Bulls have only beaten trash teams? Both LA Teams, Orlando, Atlanta (once), Boston (not great but can still be seen as competitive). Who has Miami beaten? Get real. (Meant as a reply to ProtoEarth btw.
MEEENMACHINE::Players like Rose, Melo and Montae Ellis can be considered superstars . But they all have the same flaw , a high volume of shots with low percentage of making them. A team with average players, collectively , can out perform these players by taking their shots and dividing them among more average perceived players and making a higher percentage of shots.
ProtoEarth::The only thing we've witnessed here is your ignorance, and your limited perspective of how things are....not the misleading and limited information you are shoveling out in this conversation. What I said is fact. The Bulls have only beat trash teams. You can't say they are better without Rose, because they are beating trash teams. It's so moronic. If this was in real life nobody would even support your stance.
perrypete::i wouldnt expect you to know what a fact is.  we have already witnessed your ignorance!
ProtoEarth::Facts? Your ignorance is hilarious..lol. Nice editing too.
pcshieh::I bet his airness was watching his former team defeat HIS team........LOL
ILoveLsuAndSaintsHaters504::whats up with kemba walker?? dnt keep up with bobcats but curious as to how hes startin out
Adam01Said::He's short. I'm a UCONN fan...I'd LIKE for him to do well...but he is looking VERY short.
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::I don't see Bulls finishing worse than 63-3
Danny0621::Really WOW look at Green Bay and what did them being 15-1 get them........
nidonovan1377::Good thing the NBA doesn't play a 1 game elimination style tournament for their championship!  Better teams win out the vast majority of the time in the nba.
antistratfordian::Too bad they're not built for the playoffs.
southridge305::actually heat didnt have any depth, which gave lebron no time on the bench to rest. diiferent season this year. better bench, more rest, alot more chemistry
MrMacross::You could say the same about Miami, too. They got through the second and third rounds last year thanks to a lot of hero ball from LeBron. When LeBron didn't bring it in the Finals, the Heat lost.
ProtoEarth::The Bulls are beating garbage teams without Rose....this proves what?
Adam01Said::PerryPete...sorry that Rose banged your gf. You are OBSESSED with him. Does he give you dreams...or nightmares?
ThatBullsFan::Why is anybody talking to you? Your only rebuttal to everything is "They've played bad teams, they are garbage."  Proto, you're an idiot.
ProtoEarth::Switching my comment? I'm saying the same damn thing.....gawd you suck dude.
perrypete::now you switch your comment?  typical
ProtoEarth::You are a joke...they have played bad teams, and you think this is enough to say that the Bulls are good without Rose? Since they are beating poor teams? You're a dumb a.s.s. It's why no team in the East ever wins the N.B.A. Championship. I guess the Broken Record technique can't help some of you close minded fools to realize the truth.
MrMacross::That everyone who says the Bulls were garbage without Rose were wrong.
Markisha0881::? you say the bulls are garbage without rose? when was the last time you seen a garbage team win two games by 30+ points against a fellow garbage team? so now they have to beat a good team without Rose just to prove their not garbage? well hell if they are able or expected to do that why don't we just trade D. Rose? ur an idiot
Mlaponsky::That's fine and dandy, until you get a team that can actually make you hold the ball. You know, teams with length and good defense. See, I do watch the games. I saw them get manhandled by a Grizzlies team that they held to 64 points with Rose earlier this season. They're getting more possessions because they are playing vastly inferior teams! Yes, they are still a good team without Rose. They can play defense and get easy scoring opportunities as a result. But they don't have a playmaker, and when they play a team that can guard the wings and hold the post, they will run into trouble without that threat.
perrypete::mlaponsky, have you watched them without rose?  quit looking at stats!  they run run run without him, they dont stand around and let the shot clock run down every possession.  just look at how many more possessions they have been getting per game!
perrypete::lol no that proves you dont watch games!  just look at his clutch stats you uneducated fool!  he shoots less than 40% in the last two minutes of 5 point games, so how does he carry them?  shows your basketball knowlege and shows you like to lie!
Mlaponsky::Hmm...see the issue I'm having is that that simply doesn't add up. In January, when Rose is playing, they have held 5-9 teams to under 80 points, including 3 under 70, a feat they have accomplished only once in 5 games without Rose this month. Also, the teams they have beaten without Rose are the Wizards, Bobcats, Suns and Cavs, have combined for 1 more win than the Bulls this season.  On top of this, the issue is very clearly not with Rose, who has evolved as a passer and a shooter and shoots better than 44% from the floor. The issue is that players like Boozer and Noah can't seem to pick their jaws up off the court when he's there. There is a psychological issue with the Bulls team; everyone on the court seems to think that Rose can win it on his own. Yes, the bulls offense has been lighting it up these past few games, but against the worst defenses in the NBA. If Rose had been playing, I guarantee similar scoring proficiency. Oh, and they would've beaten the Grizz.
perrypete::they would this year!  and did they have the same team before rose einstein?
perrypete::rose makes them worse!  it is proven!  its not even like he carries them at the end of games!
ProtoEarth::Did the Bulls make it to ECF without Rose? Brainiac?
ProtoEarth::I guarantee on everything that is good...if you took away Rose ......the Bulls would become irrelevant so fast it would make your head spin. How any sport fan can be impressed by their team beating s.h.i.t.t.y teams without their superstar is just.....smfh.
perrypete::better +/- is when he plays and is on the bench too einstein!  three years straigh bulls have been better without him.
perrypete::thats why they are better +/- without rose
MrMacross::I didn't say the Bulls are contenders without him, I said they're not garbage.   With or without Rose, a healthy Bulls team is going to rebound and defend. If you do those things well, and nobody does it better than Chicago, you're going to win a handful of games.
ProtoEarth::They are garbage without Rose....the fact that you are convinced that the Bulls are playing well without Rose against very below average teams is an accomplishment is pathetic.
perrypete::it proves the bulls can run, play team defense, and move the ball offensively!
perrypete::i love watching this team without rose.  now bias bulls fans need to watch and see why we are better +/- without rose for the third straight year.  they are light years ahead defensively without him and very unselfish offensively.  the reason bulls are giving up more points (and scoring more) is because they actually have a pace to their offense.  they dont have people standing around watching rose dribble out the shot clock!
Adam01Said::perrypete...you ONLY talk smack about Rose pretending to be a Bulls fan in the process. It's childish and should be called out.
Adam01Said::Perrypete's life: Diss Rose in every single thread...pretend to be a Bulls fan.  S.A.D.
MEEENMACHINE::Perrypete, you preaching to the choir...Been saying this for a long long time. You'll find out that , that there are Bulls fans and there are Rose fans. Rose fans are so brainwashed by SportsCenter type of highlights , they seem to think Rose gets 5 points for every make. Dramatic as 1 or 2 makes are , they are worth just 2 points, no different then any layup . Rose is also the recipient of many breakaway dunks and layups via the defense. Which ultimately means he's about a 25% shooter in the 1/2 court set , compare that to a Nash , he should be considered horrible. Compound that with the energy he needs to exert in insisting to take a shot with 2 or 3 guys on him , he must take time to relax on the defensive end(Which accounts why the team does better when he sits) . A point guard that gets more people involved and chooses to be more selective with his shots , will benefit the team by shooting a higher percentage, gets his teammates more involved and you know that all of his teammates will shoot a better percentage then Rose will, in the 1/2 court set.
MEEENMACHINE::Mrmacross, Take a paper and pen ...Divide last year into 5 sections ...first 20 games, next 20 games , next 20 games, next 20 games and then the playoffs..His game declined from start to finish ....Shooting percentage, assists etc etc. . The Bulls got better as they went along. The biggest reason why they lost , was Rose didn't share the ball more with his teammates or rather he didn't know how to.
MEEENMACHINE::Totally agree with you . I saw a steady decline in his game last year, as the year progressed . I also knew, due to his selfish ways, that he would take more shots in the Playoffs and will shoot a worse percentage . If you think of it , he might of shot 20% from the field in the 1/2 court set ...Definitely not in the class of a Dirk, who I also thought should of won the regular MVP too , because Dallas were 3-8 w/o him and they had a better record then the Bulls, with Dirk playing then the Bulls with Rose playing.
perrypete::i like him and think he is a great scorer, but im not going to be blind to his flaws!  he ill bet better, no question, but until then i will continue to tell the truth!
mccoywajmu::perry pete is not  a bulls fan he is a bulls hater
perrypete::nope just not a bias idiot like rest of you!
MrMacross::It helps when you play bad teams, too.
perrypete::lol this is the most ignorant thing i have ever heard!  you obviously never played at level...im not talking to someone who doesnt understand the game!
MrMacross::You can have ball movement, but if you play a team with suffocating wing defenders like Miami ball movement becomes difficult. If you play Cleveland, Phoenix, and Charlotte, ball movement is relatively easy.
perrypete::so they cant have ball movement playing better teams?
Madhouse_United::Well Bulls Fans, It's been fun. It wasn't all that pretty but it was a gritty win for the 2nd/3rd team. Heat/Baby Bron Bron Trolls, thanks for the arguments. Nothing like some bad blood before the battle. Have a good one Bulls Fans. 15-3!
fastrandstrongr1::what's the avg age of the heat fan that posts on here? 7?
dslick34::Heat fans need to bow down and honor MJ. Lol!! MJ red Bulls jersey and number was the first to hang in the rafters in your arena as it was retired awhile back. Keep in mind that MJ was 30-8 against the Heat in the regular season, and 10-1 against the Heat in the playoffs. Ultimate respect. Let's see if Bron get the same treatment when he's done.
Danny0621::Actually the 1st jersey that was retired was Dan Marino....
Detrocity::Heat need to start Juwan Howard if they want to go anywhere this season !!!
Detrocity::not last years past !!!
mccoywajmu::all heat fans do is live in the past
mccoywajmu::stupidity? really all heat fans talk about is last year...thats their logic for this season..cool
jcr54321::^stupidity at its finest.
ShaqLee_1::What!? The Bulls gave up more than 80 pts at home. Their going to have to run a little extra in practice this week
---Heatster.---::Ok, time to step away from the board. I have to go take a huge Rose and wipe my Noah, but don't worry I will flush the Boozer...Oh, I hope I didn't run out of Loul Deng paper, otherwise I would have to wipe my Thibodeau with something else  Keep it classy while I'm gone  Thoughts?  .
JAYtheunsunghero::"loul deng paper"lol that was lame
DeWayne5783::That was the dumbest post i have ever read
mccoywajmu::you seriously save posts just to use them later you are a pathetic virgin
HeatFanSinceJuly8th2010::Diehard Heat fan here, all I gotta say is LeJohn James is way better than Derrick Rose
mccoywajmu::cool...too bad that doesnt mean anything...team sport..lebron is better then dirk too...i dont dispute that...but didnt Dirk's team win the title?
Madhouse_United::Love the name!
Playing2wintheGame::Rip was a great addition. He doesnt have to do much. Just open the lane.
ProtoEarth::You know what the saddest thing is? The West is going to win the N.B.A. Championship. LOL. East is overrated.
Madhouse_United::Let me guess Clippers fan?
ProtoEarth::You really are dumb.....disgusting...*facepalm*
Madhouse_United::Dumb comments like yours are clipperesque.
ProtoEarth::You realize your question is dumb right?
antistratfordian::OKC is coming out of the West.  Miami will sweep them.
nba is the vvorst::Who ever comes out the East won't win anyway
ProtoEarth::Yep.
caseydiff::Im so scared of Russell Westbrook not passing to the best scorer in the game
Madhouse_United::Top 6 in the East would Slaughter the Top 6 in the West.
caseydiff::Tim Donaghy showing how the series was rigged.  He has more where he says he feels bad for the Bulls fans and their time will come to win.  Refs rigged it for sure http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwUcgjm4baA
Oj7414::Alright Heat Fans i have an Excellent question right here, so listen Up good.  The Celtics won a championship in 2008 with a Big 3 experiment Allen, KG, Peirce. They had a great guard by the name of Rondo and decent center Named Perkins. Had a decent Bench, Powe, Big Baby, sam cassell etc. Oh and by the way, they had a preety good Coach too. The Heat Tried The Same thing Last Season. They Had a huge celebration and claimed they could win not 1, not 2, not 3, etc.   So i want to know heat fans, how come this experiment didnt work for them like it did the celtics?? Please answer the question as thoroughly as possible.....
Deamonta Young::Because no one on our team was able to hit shots when they needed at the time.  When that happened all you had to do was put Lebron (6ft 7in 260+ pounds and the speed of a fast PG) on D. Rose (6ft 3in about 200 pounds with the speed of a fast PG).  Even with the offense struggling its not like you really pounded on them, in the games you won the margin of victory was 10, 11, 8, and 3.  And as far as the superstars comment you didn't get 3.  You got 2 guys who should be in the Hall when they decide to retire and 1 decent player from a bad team that was just along for the ride.
Danny0621::As a Heat fan all I have to say is stop being mad that we got not 1 not 2 but 3 superstars, we were just 2 wins away from winning the championship. I love how teams we beat talk so much, the only fans that should talk about the Heat not winning anything are Mavs fans.   Let me ask you this How come you had the best record in the NBA, the MVP and Coach of the year and yet you lost 4-1 to the team that was just 2 wins away from winning it all...... I'll wait for your answer.
nba is the vvorst::Heat still don't have a chance to win in the future? So how is it a failure yet?
---Heatster.---::Did the Heat's big 3 retire already or are past their prime? If not, the "experiment" is not over yet. You sound hammered  Thoughts?  .
Playing2wintheGame::Retraction. The edit , blew it.
Playing2wintheGame::Was never a fan of Heatster. but this one aint so bad.
antistratfordian::The obvious answer:  In your 30s your ego gets in the way less.
Detrocity::Rip !!!
Detrocity::will be a fun matchup to watch for sure
chitown-05::yessssssssss!!! lol
chitown-05::#caseydiff
chitown-05::was the answer cliff robinson to your shrug question?
caseydiff::Yes you got it!!!
mccoywajmu::wade is going to find it way harder chasing him then shadowing keith bogans
caseydiff::Wade's heart will burst chasing after him
mccoywajmu::what does that have to do with now? that piston team was at the end of their run....move on
antistratfordian::I'm not "you guys".  The last time Lebron faced Rip in the playoffs he swept his team 4-0.
Detrocity::knocked you guys out of the playoffs a few years back (when rip was with the pistons)
mccoywajmu::cool buddy no problem...think he is keith bogans...
antistratfordian::lol.  Ray Allen was not an issue and he's 100x the player Rip Hamilton is.  You can't scare a heat fan with threats of rip freakin' hamilton... that's hilarious.
mccoywajmu::i hope they do ignore rip...PLEASE IGNORE HIM...we will see how that turns out for you....call him old and ignore...we will see what happens
antistratfordian::I doubt anyone in the league is in better shape than Ray Allen.  And with Ray you have to actually take him seriously.  Rip you can afford to ignore at times.
mccoywajmu::rondo is not the focus of anybody's defense....the focus of the heat is to stop rose which means they commit their resources to stop him..that means rip gets more opportunities then ray allen
Detrocity::rips in much better shape than allen
mcase94::somebody mention my name if you can read this
nba is the vvorst::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgLMI784M4E&amp;list=FLYOyW-tBhHC7Lp6CLnd0xbQ&amp;index=70&amp;feature=plpp_video  Lol Miami
---Heatster.---::One of the best videos on youtube  Post of the day sir  .
caseydiff::Did your dad touch you and drink too much?
BearsFanBrandon::DUMMYYYYYYYYYYYYY
nba is the vvorst::wrong link
caseydiff::Cant wait till the 29th
---Heatster.---::Biggest bandwagon fans  Lakers fans or Bulls fans?  Discuss  .
Deamonta Young::Fake Heat fans are the worse.  I don't mind someone who been rooting for a team their entire lives (like me with the Bulls.  I was born just in time to see and remember 2 of the last 3 we won.  And I stuck with the team when Jordan retired and we were just plain horrible).  If your a real fan I don't have any problem with you but if you are a Heat fan who jumped on when they got Lebron then you can go screw yourself because you are the worst sports fa EVER.
mccoywajmu::heat fans didnt exist before july 2010
caseydiff::22 titles &gt; 1
BearsFanBrandon::Heat fans
Playing2wintheGame::Dont compare MJ and LeBron unless you actually WATCHED them both play.
mccoywajmu::exactly most people that make that comparison dont remember air jordan....its really ridiculous
caseydiff::Do Heat fans actually exist?  The fans at the games are cokeheads whose wives wombs are polluted
mccoywajmu::"what type of father do you think you would be tony?"
spalin4pres::later losers, gonna watch a nickeback concert on dvd
Madhouse_United::lol
caseydiff::haha great band choice for a Heat fan
BearsFanBrandon::Good luck
Olliebasketballs::Hey Heat fans, what did it feel like watching LBJ pull this pu$$yhole move?  http://youtu.be/ihuOrQHSjWQ  What did it feel like watching Rose wear Bron Bron out so badly in the ECF that Bron was useless in the next series?  You must not feel like men anymore.  That's why you troll the Bulls' boards.  lol.  Looks like LBJ trolled you harder than he did the refs last ECFs. lofl
ProtoEarth::You're coming off desperate dude. Just beat the Heat so what you say can be taken seriously.
Olliebasketballs::Tough to win close games when calls like the above are going against you and you only have one all-star on your team versus three top ten players.   Oh well, both teams ended up with the same number of rings.  Right?
ProtoEarth::I didn't see that happen in the ECF....you watch the games right?
antistratfordian::players get screwed by the refs so often that its good when you can get one back off 'em.  veteran players see that and just clap.
antistratfordian::the refs aren't anybody's friend out there...  and they always miss calls... so when you can make them call something in your favor, you have to do it.  its just intelligent basketball.
antistratfordian::just speaking the truth.  that's what his wink was about... the players know the deal.   its all about manipulating the refs.
caseydiff::You are delusional and will never admit anything negative about the Heat
Madhouse_United::Jordan faced the Celtics of the 80's and the Bad Boy Pistons before reaching his goal. Name some teams that lebron or the heat have faced that come close to those squads. James is remembered for that Buzzer beater against the Magic......In a series he lost!  Victims of the Bulls: 91: Magic Johnson 92: Drexler 93: Barkley 96: Kemp/Payton 97-98: Stockton/Malone Not to mention the rest of the opposing squads.  I'm not even going to bring up Playoff numbers. Jordan&gt;Baby Bron Bron. And Bron had a head start because he skipped college.
spalin4pres::ok then
Madhouse_United::Bron will never be half the player Jordan was maybe 25%
Madhouse_United::Yes.
spalin4pres::u madhouse
Madhouse_United::U MAD?
spalin4pres::get off my flavor
antistratfordian::cool story bruh
BearsFanBrandon::YES
BearsFanBrandon::bro**
spalin4pres::Micheal Jordan was not half the player Lebron James is
ProtoEarth::It's Michael Jordan. Btw your comment is full of s.h.i.t.
spalin4pres::maybe 35% the player
---Heatster.---::Bandwagon fans - Fans of Chicago Bulls (Dictionary.com)  ...........Synonyms: Da Jokers, Delusional, dreamers, Da Clowns, comical   Thoughts?   .
the bomb31::i do have some thoughts
CHITOWNBULLS1991::at least they never cried after a regular season game. Which team is the joke again?
SicKLy-ABiLiTy::The Greatest video ever.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5Btwz77xHE&amp;feature=relmfu http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5Btwz77xHE&amp;feature=relmfu  -Michael Joardan
Heat fans are poor b.astards::What happens when Lebron and Wade are gone?  Only 50 people show up at Heat games.  Kind of like the Marlins.
antistratfordian::Just LeBron.  No one went to Heat games when Wade was the only one there.
