D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::That LeBron lob to Wade for the backwards layup was smooth
jarkk79::They should just rename this to ELPN - Entertainment and Lebron Programming Network
limsewan::lebron&gt;durant&gt;jordan=kobe
Phcon69::Ray Allen Throws a behind the shoulder, no look alley oop to LeBron for a dunk that amazes AND sets an NBA history record. Wow! And it comes in seventh on top plays? Come on, man.
trad34::Glad that John Hollinger is with Memphis., he ? How good Lillard could be of course he said Jackie Butler was a must for the Spurs
GMEN07_11::I think ill spend most of my 5 hour bio class on here... -___-
user2014321::what college do you go to for a 5 hour class dude
GMEN07_11::What college do you go to that doesn't? Lol
livefromjerzy77::sarcasm?
rg3uknowme::Unfortunately theres not much action here i think ill go to the devils page see all the ranger fans talking crazy cuz we lost one game to Carolina
rg3uknowme::And my comment about kobe on the lakers was a response to someone else saying that kobe on the cavs would have beaten the spurs in the 07 finals
rg3uknowme::HAHAHA thats what im doing in my 3 hour english comp class good call
GMEN07_11::Yeahh bro I'm taking the human body..it's brutal
rg3uknowme::Kobe fans just need to accept the fact that the torch has been passed.  You had ur run as the best player in the league.  BUT ITS OVER.  theres a new sheriff in town and that was proven last post-season.  I understand you dont want to move on but its the reality of whats happening
rg3uknowme::When I imagine putting kobe on those Cavs teams....I kind of picture a team that finishes 7th or 8th in the east probably losing in the 1st round...like kobes lakers teams did after shaq and phil left...then phil comes back and he wins again. HMMMMMM funny how that worked out
TheMeiz::Difference between Kobe and LeBron, Kobe would have taken all of the shots, not allowing Gibson to make big 3's or utilizing his big man.
isaiah4031tjm@yahoo.com::Although, the team around LeBron wasn't great in your eyes, they still were key factors in helping LeBron in getting to the Finals and playoffs.  I could see Kobe winning with that Cavs team.  Heck, Jordan could have too.  If you watched those games during those seasons, Gibson was hitting some big 3's when they needed them, Z was actually a factor, and Mo Williams came up big too.  Difference between Kobe and LeBron is that Kobe wouldn't have given up against Boston in 2010 and would have made the adjustments needed in the Finals against the Spurs.
closgolf79::The team around LBJ wasn't great in anyones eyes. Say this out loud, Mo Williams was the 2nd best player. Neither Jordan nor Kobe are the facilitator that LBJ is, he gets the most out of all the players. Kobe isn't as bad as Melo, but he is no LBJ.
GMEN07_11::But Kobe didnt play on those Cavs teams..he played on the Lakers
TSlakersmvp::replace kobe with lebron ,he scores 20 instead of 81 and raptors crush lakers
rg3uknowme::Pau=former all star Nash=former all star and MVP Howard=(though over rated)=former all star yea team full of stars before the season lakers fans declared the season over because of their star studded team
trombonebiker69::boring
rg3uknowme::Then leave
TSlakersmvp::give kobe lebrons cleveland..he destroys the spurs single handedly in the finals like he always has
TSlakersmvp::Team full of stars? Hes got 1 star in howard who is playing like a bum and the rest are bums
rg3uknowme::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH wowwww you are delusional man seriously?  He cant beat the spurs now with a team of all stars Lebron had NOBODY in Cleveland
trombonebiker69::blah, blah, blah
rg3uknowme::I dont deal in hypotheticals but when someone else does and thats the only way they can make an argument...i give them an alternative that makes them rethink their horrible analysis
Basketball Facts::what if's etc... oh shut up
rg3uknowme::Put Lebron on those early 2000 lakers teams and i bet you they win at least 4 in a row because lebron wouldnt have destroyed one of the greatest combos in league history.
A faixa azul::replace mj with lebron &amp; lebron would have missed 6 3's in a row &amp; instead of the shrug, we would have the slump.
rg3uknowme::Your in denial. Its time to face the facts.  LeBron James is taking over the NBA and there is no amount of slander you can spew out of your worthless mouth to stop it.  If you just accept it your life will drastically improve.  Is he Jordan...no of course not. No one will ever go 6-6 Finals MVP's.  But he will go down as one of the top 3 or 4 players of all time.  Stop lying to yourself
rg3uknowme::And if we replace u with anyone else in the world, we would have a smart knowledgeable sports fan
TSlakersmvp::BRON BRON WILL NOT BE A GOAT TILL HE WINS DUNK CONTEST
notron7777777::Tyson Chandler is a better shooter than Bron Bron
notron7777777::Bron Bron misses dunks!  TRUE STORY
rg3uknowme::So does........Every player ever
jordan was overrated::jordan got swept in the first round 2 times lost 1-3 the other time he lost in the first round  goat
nba is the worst::Jordan made the playoffs in his 1st two seasons.  Did lebron?
rg3uknowme::No but he was on a team that was historically one of the worst ever....and made them a contender by age 23
jordan was overrated::FACTS ABOUT THE NBA 80s and 90s you DID NOT KNOW  ppg was at an all time high FG% in 1990 was lower than it is right now 3pt% was lower in 1990 than it is right now FGA were at an all time high FTA were at an all time high zone defense was illegal  hand checking was legal, but hand checking just meant you could put 2 hands on the defender more teams with a sub .500 record made the playoffs than in any other era
inefekt20::FGA in 80's and 90's were MUCH lower than the 50's and 60's get your facts straight little boy
TheMeiz::That wouldn't happen because LeBron is BIGGER
Basketball Facts::i would pay to see the big bad pistons punish lebron.
isaiah4031tjm@yahoo.com::They also played rougher and harder back then.  You couldn't get away with the stuff they  did in today's game.  It's all about player protection now.
TSlakersmvp::Can Lebron or Jordan drop 8q on Raptors.? No.Now shut up
limsewan::lebron may do it someday,adding 10 rebounds and 10 assists.
TSlakersmvp::LOL if he would ..he would..dont talk nonsense
rg3uknowme::Jordan defintely could and he might actually add in a few assists
rg3uknowme::Actually i think they both could if they wanted.  They arent that selfish
Impossible_Cover::Lemmiwinks.
youknow808::lemichael james
k3d333::could lebron do what Jordan did in a 6-6 frame at 215 pounds? against the defenses of the past? nope. but give MJ a 6-9 frame at 260 in his prime. ooooh boy.
limsewan::lebron is 6'8'' 250 pounds,and is more atheletic than jordan..lebron&gt;jordan,admit it.
rg3uknowme::k3d333....just stop lying to yourself dude your points make no sense and you are literally reaching soooooo far to try to downplay lebrons greatness. Accept it into your life and you will feel much better about yourself
youknow808::your right kd dont make sense
k3d333::cause he plays tough.
youknow808::lol and lebron doesnt play tough?
k3d333::wade is a lot tougher than james.
youknow808::really? wade misses alot of games
rg3uknowme::EVERY STAR COMPLAINS ABOUT FOULS
youknow808::yup jordan was the biggest crybaby to refs
k3d333::anyway, point is Jordan was great with less.  the GREATEST EVER.
rg3uknowme::Agreed. Im not saying lebron will be better.  But he will be the closest thing to jordan when its all said n done
k3d333::he already complains about ticky tack fouls.  at 215 he might get hurt.  certainly he wouldnt be going to the basket like he does now.
youknow808::wade attacks the rim at 6`4 so what your point? dwade is 220 pounds and james is tougher than him
rg3uknowme::Put Derrick Rose in Magic's body with reggie millers shot and shaqs rebounding ability and jordans killer instinct
rg3uknowme::Thats waht makes him so hard to defend.  That is probably the worst argument against lebron ive ever heard
youknow808::if he was 215 pounds he would be unreal fast breaking ankles
youknow808::if lebron was 215 he would run a 4.2 40 talk about fast
Asonte22::Let's also give Raymond Felton the 7'2" 300lb frame that Shaq had.  While we're at it let's give Ashton Kutcher the acting chops of Al Pacino.
k3d333::lebron would not be given much hype if he was at 215 and smaller.   he would be just another player.
youknow808::lemichael james
JimboPeonyhecker::Lol...Put Steve Nash in Shaqs body and he's the GOAT and its not even close...smh
JimboPeonyhecker::Michael Jordan admitted to paying off Charles Barkley during the 93' finals. How many other finals opponents did Jordan pay off?   The FBI should look into this.
Asonte22::Jordan and Kobe comparison is excusable because Kobe emulates Jordan.  LeBron should NOT be compared to any other player because we have never seen a playe with his size, speed, vision...  These writers should be writing about how Kobe had 8 TO and had 1 FG.    Jordan is still the greatest.  LeBron has cemented himself as one of the greatest.  Kobe's inability to help his team win is being exposed.  Kobe has played with: Shaq Malone Payton Pau Nash Dwight Bynum coached by Phil Jackson in all but 3 seasons.  Which great players has Jordan and LeBron played with?  Pippen and Wade.
limsewan::lebron is the greatest .lebron&gt;kobe=jordan....realize it and accept it.
thebullforever::You forgot about Chris Bosh or maybe you didnt...  LOL
dtigers987::Dwight is one of the best centers in the NBA. Both the heat and the lakers buy championships, that's why lebron went to miami
rg3uknowme::who had the most dominant 3 year stretch by any 1 player in league history. thats it tho not much else
A faixa azul::wilt had far more dominant years than shaq ever did
A faixa azul::malone, payton, &amp; nash were all washed up when kobe played with them. dwight &amp; bynum are not stars on dwades level &amp; are injury prone. and that just leaves shaq as the 1 &amp; only real great player kobe had on his team.
TSlakersmvp::Jordan bribed barkley..lebron bribed th refs..NBA is rigged
A faixa azul::david stern is owned by the mafia
Banned TWICE for making fun of Lebron::DELONTE WEST! DELONTE WEST! DELONTE WEST!
A faixa azul::sports.barstoolsports.com  that thing on delontes lip...he got that from lebrons mom.
JimboPeonyhecker::Jordan paid off his opponents to win titles....He's admitted it.
nba is the worst::prove it
justin281429::Its funny how Kobe is trying to play like Lebron now. I will admit its obvious his assists and rebounds are up, but notice that his scoring is dropping alot. I would say thats probably because he is not as efficient a scorer as Lebron. Even before Lebron started this epic run.
isaiah4031tjm@yahoo.com::Could it be that Kobe is playing for a different coach and have different players on the team?
JimboPeonyhecker::Jordan admittedly bribed Barkley with a 25k diamond rolex, because he knew Barkley would take it easy on him then....Jordan knew they couldn't win so he resorted to bribes...Cheater
Banned TWICE for making fun of Lebron::Lebron bribed Delonte West to stop gang banging his mom with other hoodrats
Banned TWICE for making fun of Lebron::I never knew that it was possible for so many people to blow one dude at a time. thank you Lebron slurpers for clearing that up for all of us
JimboPeonyhecker::Jordan has gotten 10X better since he retired.   This one day he dragged his shoes home from practice and created the Great Lakes.
A faixa azul::all you haters hatin on lebron, your all just haters that hate lebrons greatness. blah blah blah, haters haters haters haters, pointless babble bullsh!t, haters haters haters.  -lebron marks &amp; miami heat fans-
rg3uknowme::When steve nash won MVP the Suns were a ship contender meanwhile lebron had $@%!$@ gibson and big z to pass the rock to.  And Nash beat out Kobe those years for MVP please get ur facts straight before u try to bash someone
A faixa azul::rg3uknowme - When steve nash won MVP the Suns were a ship contender meanwhile lebron had $@%!$@ gibson and big z to pass the rock to. And Nash beat out Kobe those years for MVP please get ur facts straight before u try to bash someone  looks like my facts are pretty straight.
A faixa azul::2004-05 MOST VALUABLE PLAYER AWARD VOTING RESULTS   Player, Team 1st 2nd 3rd 4th 5th Pts  Steve Nash, Phoenix 65 54 7 1 0 1066  Shaquille O'Neal, Miami 58 61 3 3 1 1032  Dirk Nowitzki, Dallas  0 4 43 30 16 349  Tim Duncan, San Antonio 1 0 40 33 19 328  Allen Iverson, Philadelphia 2 4 20 23 23 240  LeBron James, Cleveland 0 0 7 11 25 93  where is kobe on either list???
A faixa azul::Below are the voting results for the 2005-06 NBA Most Valuable Player Award:  Player, Team  1st  2nd  3rd  4th  5th  Total Pts   Steve Nash, Phoenix  57  32  20  8  6  924   LeBron James, Cleveland  16  41  33  23  7  688   Dirk Nowitzki, Dallas  14  22  25  36  17  544 source nba.com
rg3uknowme::No im pretty sure he beat out Kobe
A faixa azul::he would have never beat out kobe in kobes prime. thats coming from a spurs fan &amp; laker hater.
rg3uknowme::Obviously you think lebron is just a role player right? he didnt deserve regular season mvp and finals mvp right?  He may as well retire now hes a scrub right? Stop lying to yourself its time to embrace it
A faixa azul::remember when a 6 foot tall white guy from canada beat out lebron 2 years in a row for the mvp? he didnt deserve them then, &amp; still doesnt now.
Banned TWICE for making fun of Lebron::lmao lebron slurpers in a nutshell, well done
Banned TWICE for making fun of Lebron::at least you're a devils fan bro
rg3uknowme::Why when someone defends THEIR favorite athletes its your favorite activity, slurping, but then that same person will go to great lengths to defend someone else and its not slurping? Is it because one of the players is an all time great and the other is maybe possibly a HOF'er?  Ill never know
JimboPeonyhecker::David Stern rigged all 6 of Jordans championships...He tried to rig 8 but Jordan blew 2 of them
TSlakersmvp::hyes
TSlakersmvp::he also rigged lebrons 1
JimboPeonyhecker::So you agree
rg3uknowme::You are an idiot.
Asonte22::Kobe has no clue on how to WIN games and read situations. He should've looked to pass in the 4th quarter against Miami instead of turning the ball over in crucial moments leading to Miami fastbreaks. He should've looked to score more last night instead of turning the ball over 8 times trying to be John Stockton. Kobe almost lost the game for them last night. Meanwhile...    LeBron's 30+ point games are translating into convincing wins, NOT losses. LeBron has been the best player in the league for loooong time... this streak is just an exclamation point. #!!!!!
A faixa azul::whats a john stockton? im a life long heat fan since july 2010, i didnt know the nba exsisted before then.
TSlakersmvp::yeah he shud listen to u
Asonte22::Or he could simply learn how to play proper basketball
Rossi46Doctor::JimboPeonyhecker - People keep saying Jordan won against the greats....Jordan didn't win anything until management broke up the Pistons and Larry Bird and Magic were over the hill  ..........  Yooo-hoo, Jimboooo, where's your proof to back up this Pistons claim?  Suddenly you've gotten very quiet.
Rossi46Doctor::Typical troll, just disappear when they're called out and they look stupid as hell
rg3uknowme::Well i am not a troll i havnt said anything like jimbo he just keeps downplaying jordan which i will never do.  I am here to talk about lebron and the fact that people cant accept his greatness
JimboPeonyhecker::David Stern promised Jordan 4 more championships if he came back in 1995 but Jordan was so bad in 95' that he couldn't rig that season.  #45
JimboPeonyhecker::Jordan bribed Barkley with a $25K Rolex after game 4 of the Finals in 93' ....That is why they won
Rossi46Doctor::JimboPeonyhecker - People keep saying Jordan won against the greats....Jordan didn't win anything until management broke up the Pistons and Larry Bird and Magic were over the hill  ....  Proof?
GMEN07_11::Lebron wasn't even man enough to wear his Cavs jersey in his final game after getting booted by Boston
rg3uknowme::Because he took it off going down the tunnel? Dont really see your point
rg3uknowme::The comparisons between the 3 are completely irrelevant.  They are all great in their own right.  No one will be like Jordan I acknowledge that but i doubt anyone will ever be like Lebron.  Stop lying to yourselves and just embrace the fact that this kid is amazing.  I understand if your a fan of a different team you dont have to like him, but when its all said and done you will respect his game
JimboPeonyhecker::Jordan quit on his teams 3 times... 93' 98' and 2002
Rossi46Doctor::JimboPeonyhecker - People keep saying Jordan won against the greats....Jordan didn't win anything until management broke up the Pistons and Larry Bird and Magic were over the hill  ....  Still waiting for those Pistons roster changes you're talking about here.
GMEN07_11::All Hail the King!! Elvis Presley!!
MI61761::This whole comparison between MJ, Kobe and LeBron is flat out premature. Until Kobe and LeBron have retired this is all just speculation, we don't know how great they will be. We can assume that as great as Kobe's career has been, he's on his way out and his resume so far comes up short, but we really don't know if there's at least one more championship run in he and the Lakers (though they look horrible right now).
flexbs::dam all the haters here are infatuated with Lebron. They dont care about the Heat just Lebron. LOL you got issues guys.
rg3uknowme::I am a die hard Lebron fan i went through the years of coming up short and people like you just talked S##t then and now hes won a finals mvp and u still talk the same s##t. No matter what he does it will never be good enough for the haters
Banned TWICE for making fun of Lebron::lol exactly a LEBRON fan NOT Heat fan. Let me guess RG3 fan?
flexbs::dude who are you talking too? I am a Lebron fan.
GMEN07_11::Funny you say that because all people who claim to be Heat fans (probably you) are all just Lebron fans
flexbs::I started in the Alonzo era so i am pretty new. I am more of a Dwade fan than Lebron but I am glad he is on my team. I know all of you would love to have him.
JimboPeonyhecker::People keep saying Jordan won against the greats....Jordan didn't win anything until management broke up the Pistons and Larry Bird and Magic were over the hill
rg3uknowme::Hes actually pretty accurate.  All the greats have their trials and tribulations before reaching the mountain top.  You think an 18 year old kid is going to go to a franchise that has done nothing before him and nothing after him and automatically lead them to a title?
No one hates people who suck::How do people like this guy's stuff?
No one hates people who suck::I don't think it's just Heat fans
lulzangeleslakers::^Heat fans need something to dream about.
Rossi46Doctor::LOL ok, management didn't "break up the Pistons" until MJ broke them down. Sorry, moron, try again LOL
Rossi46Doctor::No one hates people who suck - *googling.. googling.. googling*  I think he disappeared. Can't back up his claims
Rossi46Doctor::lulzangeleslakers - Shhhh gtfo with that logic.   Edit: @Jimbo  lol you should see when the Bulls beat them the last time; they were at full strength. When the piston's walked off the court.  Exactly. This is documented NBA history. Jeezus this Jimbo troll is really reaching for a shred of anything
No one hates people who suck::*googling.. googling.. googling*
Rossi46Doctor::JimboPeonyhecker - Now I know you aren't over 20 years old. LMAO  Gimme some roster changes in those Piston teams then?
lulzangeleslakers::Shhhh gtfo with that logic.   Edit: @Jimbo  lol you should see when the Bulls beat them the last time; they were at full strength. When the piston's walked off the court.
JimboPeonyhecker::Now I know you aren't over 20 years old. LMAO
JimboPeonyhecker::Jordan didn't win anything until Scottie and Phil showed him how
limsewan::who cares about the age and the years thay took?the only thing i know is that lebron would destroy jordan if u put them in the same era.
lulzangeleslakers::Lebron didn't win until after 8 seasons....lol
No one hates people who suck::Alright alright. Hey I can admit when I'm wrong.
JimboPeonyhecker::Jordan at 28 in his 7th year...Lebron at 27 in his 9th year
lulzangeleslakers::^Age....and that is only because LBJ came into the league 3 years younger.
No one hates people who suck::Hot damn. I thought he won before MJ.. or was that age?
flexbs::No one hates people who suck - MJ didn't until 9. Come on dude.  lol
lulzangeleslakers::^lol try 6
No one hates people who suck::MJ didn't until 9. Come on dude.
JimboPeonyhecker::Jordan quit on the Bulls because they wouldn't re-sign Phil and he knew he couldn't win without him.    He regretted that, hence the embarrassing time he spent with the Wiz.
wilmaso::ummm no he went to the lakers .....phil stayed the first time MJ retired. how you retire three times
No one hates people who suck::Didn't Phil stay without MJ?
GMEN07_11::Happy year and a day sober Whitney!!
Rossi46Doctor::MJ = Played with the FLU and whooped the Jazz in the FINALS  LBJ = Decided to wilt like a little girl and didn't actually show up in the FINALS til he had WADE and BOSH
wilmaso::wooped jazz in the finlas??? you mean shooting 15/37
flexbs::we need more tissues here we are running out.
No one hates people who suck::Where are you coming up with the finals? He quit against Boston in the ECF
rg3uknowme::He quit? really? when he averaged 30 ppg for the seires. you must be pretty good to quit and still drop 30 a game
No one hates people who suck::wasn't game 6 one of the highest watched games ever?
Rossi46Doctor::lulzangeleslakers - ^2011 finals called  They want their ratings back. Oh wait, they never had any
No one hates people who suck::I wouldn't say quit in that one. Against Boston he quit
lulzangeleslakers::^2011 finals called
JimboPeonyhecker::It wasn't the flu,  it was flu like symptons....Basically he had the sniffles...boo hoo
Rossi46Doctor::Wait, I thought I was the doctor?  Jimbo, MD. indeed!
JimboPeonyhecker::Pippen has a better record in the playoffs without Jordan, than Jordan does without Pippen
lulzangeleslakers::^Cause Horace Grant, Rodman, Kukoc were all with Jordan in the 80s....
JimboPeonyhecker::Jordan is 1-9 in the playoffs without Pippen
wilmaso::i like how ppl talk about these powerhouse teams....they were only like 4 , the nba today is so talented way more than 15-20 years ago
lulzangeleslakers::You mean Jordan didn't win in the playoffs with a scrub team while Lebron had a scrub team BUT was playing other scrub teams as well?   While MJ had to go up against the bad-boy pistons and Celtics.  Bad-boys had 3-4 HOFers and Celts had 5.
No one hates people who suck::The Lakers played those powerhouse Nets and 76ers teams
No one hates people who suck::Did you ever watch MJ play?
No one hates people who suck::Just making sure
JimboPeonyhecker::duh im 40
benjisco::Another meaningless worthless stat from ESPN or as Heat fans have said after losses this year another meaningless regular season game
benjisco::All it means is another worthless meaningless staqtistic in the annals of espn
flexbs::you had to talk about it so it means something to you. i know... Hating
lulzangeleslakers::It is a pretty arbitrary stat for sure.   What is next? Most FTs in the first 5 minutes of 1 quarter ever?
No one hates people who suck::I'm sure someone has that record somewhere
No one hates people who suck::it's something never been done before. It has meaning
JimboPeonyhecker::Jordan and Kobes careers have gone like this  No Phil =  No Championships Phil = Championships No Phil = No Championships Phil = Championships No More Phil = No more Championships
Rossi46Doctor::LeBRON's career has gone like this  No Championships Collude in FA sham with two other all stars One Championship  NOT IMPRESSED BRO LOL
Rossi46Doctor::flexbs - pls give him a tissue  Yes, please give WADE a tissue, someone fouled him again. Oh, the humanity
flexbs::pls give him a tissue
lulzangeleslakers::Lebrons have gone:  Spurs = no championships Jason Terry = No championships No wade= no championships
No one hates people who suck::Not sure why people think Phil magically made those bulls and Lakers teams great
