kaukenas793::HUMPIRESSSSSSSSSSSSS
DaMuthaBuckinBucks::DWill is obviously taking the game off since he wants to be traded
shooter mcgavin14::u obviously have no idea what ur talking about
SotaBoy4Life::HI BOBCAT FANS!!!!
XDavidSternX::I pay Jordan an extra 10 million in bonus money so he can intentionally screw up the Bobcats franchise. I hate people from the south (unless if it's Miami).
Thurmonaaterrrrr41::Not trolling just seen that KORnets guy acting like a @sshole and felt the need to put him in his place...I'm out though.
shooter mcgavin14::hey dwight pay attention- we beat the bobcats 2wice once without dwill. the magic lost to the bobcats by 16 hahahaha
tris10blount::I guess we better stay outta your way, or we'll pay.  We better listen to what you say.hey why don't we all go eat some hay, make some things outta clay, lay by the bay.  we just may what do you say?
Thurmonaaterrrrr41::They also beat the Heat...The team that blew the Nets out by 40 points...
Thurmonaaterrrrr41::.
Rezavore Dog::even during our worst season ever with only 12 wins i think 3 of them came against charlotte. we've always had their number
joe kj2::Now let's go Bucks beat  those damn Knicks.
Thurmonaaterrrrr41::KORNETS you are a grown man taking steroids. Grow the f*ck up and stop trying to act tough!!
shooter mcgavin14::again ur a mav fan on a net board talking ish to net fans of course we are gonna bring up ur crappy oldest team in the nba struggling
shooter mcgavin14::didnt they lose like 7 of their last 10, including loses to the hornets suns nets(since u claim we blow yet we beat u on ur cour)
Thurmonaaterrrrr41::Who said anything about the Mavs?
FightingIrish595::liking ur own comment sweet bro
shooter mcgavin14::mavs better step up or they might not even make the playoffs. they blow.
Thurmonaaterrrrr41::Not trolling just seen that KORnets guy acting like a @sshole and felt the need to put him in his place...I'm out though.
shooter mcgavin14::ur a mav fan trolling a net board
Thurmonaaterrrrr41::Who said anything about the Mavs?
thekola::No Lopez No D-Will  No Problem :-)
FightingIrish595::if the nets were winning, dwill would give better effort
shooter mcgavin14::its funny so many people were saying last time ohhh the nets barely beat the bobcats even with dwill dropping 57, nets cant beat the bobcats without dwill going off. looks like we beat them 2nite without dwill for most of the game
6 Flavors of Wonton Soup::Gawhdamnit we suck. Watch us not even get the number 1 pick in the draft.
shooter mcgavin14::glad we could win without dwill
FightingIrish595::what did dwill injure
shooter mcgavin14::shouldnt be out long at all, hope he plays vs the rockets
FightingIrish595::ahhhh
shooter mcgavin14::calf strain
Thurmonaaterrrrr41::KORNETS is a natural f*ggot.       Fact!!
KORNETS::OMG This guy hass noooo life!!
N.E.Phillyfan::Love you KOrnets, gotta bounce !
shooter mcgavin14::what a shock ur trolling the nets board again
FightingIrish595::hater
salvaje5050::is anybody watching this game???
metsrule1296::knicks suck
Tim_Reeve91021::found the best site for daily fantasy:   http://bit.ly/AsQKiX
metsrule1296::Bobcats are gonna get Howard and sign D-will in offseason!
Chris72077::and hell will freeze over
Verlo03::What happened to D-will?
Talentsojhin::I don't want those primadonnas.
crimson-knights123::good to see Hump step up with DWill hurt.
JustDza::hurt calf
Verlo03::What happened to d-will?
thekola::strained calf. hopefully not too bad
thekola::Yeah but Dwill is WAY better
thekola::i'm not trying to get anything out of you. Dwill is a better player. not just scorer. I personally don't think he really think he takes "nights off" but Hump plays higher energy than him, but only because he has to. If he didn't play high energy he wouldn't be in the league.
MetropolitansFan::Because obviously if i could have one of them on my team i would take D-Will because he has better scoring ability,if that is what you are trying to get out of me....But he needs to put in better effort night in and night out,just because the team is not very good does not been you take  nights off  when you play and i believe Deron does that  frequently
thekola::well most people have the ability to compare two players at different positions on who is better overall and we all realize that Dwill is much better, regardless of effort level. Not sure why you find it so hard to compare them
MetropolitansFan::Hump is a power forward and D-will is a PG...two totally different players..i do not even compare them on what you are talking about
thekola::Net result? Dwill= much better player. I appreciate better players on my team than inferior players as supposed to inferior players that work hard.
thekola::Ok well I'm talking about both. Hump has more effort but Dwill has WAY WAY WAY moer skill.
MetropolitansFan::But that was not what i was talking about not skill! juts EFFORT!!!
thekola::yes, and skill is also a part of everybody's game. Dwill has way more skill.
MetropolitansFan::I was talking about effort...and effort is apart of everybody's game..it is universal..
thekola::If they are different than don't compare them at all. If you compare them on one aspect of the game I'll bring up others. Bottom line, you factor in their different effort levels and Dwill is still the far superior player overall.
MetropolitansFan::Hump and D-will are totally different players i don't even compare them on that level....Hump does what he does very well.  D-Will does what he does very well when he puts in the effort
thekola::yeah, and my point is Dwill at 75% is way better than Hump at 100%. Effort ain't every thing. I could give effort every night for the nets and it wouldn't mean squat.
JustDza::Humphries is like Noah in terms of effort level
MetropolitansFan::I am not comparing them as players..but Hump plays hard every night D-Will does not put the effort in every night
MetropolitansFan::One thing about Hump is he brings it every night ...D-Will does not bring it every night
JustDza::Humphries balled tonight
KORNETS::N.E.Phillyfan IS THE BIGGEST PUSSYY I EVER MET, ONLY TALKS TOUGH ON A COMPUTER CUZ HE KNOWS HES SHIITTTT ASSSS SCARED OF ME AND WOULD NEVER DARE SAY ANYTHING TO MY FACE WITH THE EXCEPTION OF "SORRY SIR PLEASE DONT HURT ME!!"
KORNETS::im a grown man im 26 $@%! lil boy!
KORNETS::O GOD THIS CLOWN TOO!
N.E.Phillyfan::He sure is....wow, he must get a semi in the showers at the gym, guaranteed!!
Thurmonaaterrrrr41::F*ck you f*ggot.
KORNETS::LOOKS LIKE EVERYONE THINKS UR THE CLOWN!!! U MADE URSELF LOOK REAL BAD TRYING TO BE "COOL" TALKING STUPID TO UR SUPERIOIR
Thurmonaaterrrrr41::-_-
N.E.Phillyfan::lol, what an absolute clown you are.
MetropolitansFan::over or under on the Bobcats winning 10 games this year
StompYourFace25::over
brickznujerz::nest baby!
fly5155::Bobcats gonna need some help to get to 8-58...
KORNETS::KING HUMP!!!
doggto::apparently a 4 team trade is VERY NEAR that will send dwight to the lakers and nash to the raptors.... should mix up the rankings http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
metsrule1296::apparently your smoking crack
ddre74::Does anyone here ever wager on Golf?
DIN41::well done nets
metsrule1296::well gg bobcats fans. Nets with the W!
Chris72077::Another Double-Double for Biyombo. Ill take it
KORNETS::NETS WIN!!!!!!!!! NETS WIN 2 IN A ROW BABY!!!!!!!!
justin_NHS09::whats up with d-will?
mikeyjm1412::Maybe he is getting a night off
peter41997::do you think it will be longer
datmangud::thigh is hurt from 2 much of taking it in the butt fro jay-z
thekola::you seem to know alot about taking it in the butt
KORNETS::HES INJURED, OUT FOR GAME
peter41997::I'm wondering the same thing
ddre74::Thanks for the $$$$$ Jersey   2nd half +2 with or without D Dub
mikeyjm1412::To infinity and biyambo!!!!!!!
Imkindamajor::are bobcats winning my link broke
datmangud::lol
d_gettis12::no they are gonna lose
metsrule1296::I can't believe people still take roids these days.
Rezo201::You know you can get muscle by working out? I was always skinny and I put on 16 pounds of muscle in a few months by working out. Only lazy people think you can only get muscle from steroids because they are too lazy to workout. lol
MetropolitansFan::You still have to work out if you take steroid..if you don't it will be all extra  flab ! Steroids just makes you build muscle faster..
Rezo201::Game over folks!
thekola::DAGGER!!!!!
MetropolitansFan::wow the Celtics are killing the Blazers by like 40
fly5155::Augustin sucks. Kemba should start, but given Silas' desire to lose, he isn't.
Rezo201::Farmar &gt; Lin
metsrule1296::Hey guy I have a monster Cockk. No one cares Kornets. We can't help the way you dream
ddre74::Gym Tan Laundry Kornets Gym Tan laundry
KORNETS::ARE U EVEN A NETS FAN?/ UR A FAKE HATING ON A FELLOW NET FAN, SOO GAYY!!  NETS JETS METS RANGERS FOR LIFE!!!
metsrule1296::when the other fan is acting dumb then u have to hate.
N.E.Phillyfan::Go flex in the mirror some more you little dicked ho mo !!!!
N.E.Phillyfan::Hey Kornuts, NOBODY LIKES YOU, YOU $@%!$@% DOU CHE BAG !!!!
metsrule1296::loser liking his own post
KORNETS::GIVE IT A REST MAN!! NOBODY WANTS TO HERE YOUR $@%! FANTASYS ABOUT ME THIS IS DISGUSTING!
KORNETS::I LIKE UR MOM MORE DONT WORRY, AND UR THE TOOL MAN, ITS SO OBVIOUS HOW UR JEALOUS OF ME!
N.E.Phillyfan::He "liked" his own dumb comment! What a tool!!!
Colberson8720::Did Deron Williams get hurt??
JustDza::LOL^
ddre74::yeah, he scored 50+ on them last time but the coach thought it would be better to let others play to make it fair.  he's fine
Colberson8720::They just benched him or what?
ddre74::no
jadenfan101::D will what happend?
ddre74::nothing keep looking he's playing
MetropolitansFan::Morrow  and his Bricks!!  Let some one else take a shot you moron
KORNETS::WHAT ARE U CRAZY HES ON FIRE AND AWESOME SHOOTER!
KORNETS::REJECTED BY GERALD GREEN BABY!!!! HE CAN FLY!!!!!!!
Andy Devendorf::Check out <strong>http://www.hoopsgrind.com</strong> for detailed basketball commentary and predictions from today's games.
