LBJ hairline::I love how Minnesota fans think they have a franchise starting point gaurd in Bricky Rubio,  this guy is Horrible!  David Kahn, has you guys fooled. He will never make an all star game, he will never win a championship as a starter, he can't gaurd. Don't blame it on the ACL, you can Blame his shooting on that.
Twinsbaseball8791::haha this made me laugh. he averages over 2 steals a game and is coming off ACL. his shot sucks but we don't need that to be that good he is a pass first point gaurd. aka an assist machine. you don't know anything sorry but you just dont.
LBJ hairline::I love how Minnesota fans think they have a franchise starting point gaurd in Bricky Rubio,  this guy is Horrible!  David Kahn, has you guys fooled. He will never make an all star game, he will never win a championship as a starter, he can't gaurd. Don't blame it on the ACL, you can Blame his shooting on that.
Louis the III::Klove and chase budinger wont suddenly make the wolves a title contender not sure why mn fans are so optimistic for their return. Also the gm is terrible
FantasyNazi::You're not sure why Wolves fans are optimistic for Kevin Love to get back?  You know that he is an all-star and the Wolves best player.  If you follow the NBA, you would know that the Wolves haven't made the playoffs since the year before KG left.  Wolves fans know that they aren't a title contender, there really are only about 5 teams that have a realistic shot a championship.  Wolves fans are sick of losing.
Twinsbaseball8791::not a title contender but a playoff contender
Brickyyy Rubio::whos worse rubio or kyrie
GreatnessQSmooth::T'Wolves R Trash http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
domingocolin::Minny should try a lineup like this  Rubio Ridnour Williams C. Johnson Pekovic  Johnson has been good, but i want see him play 25+Min and see what he can do
Louis the III::Funny the most athletic and energetic guy on the team racks up DNP's
FantasyNazi::I like Chris Johnson too, but let's not get carried away, he was in the d-league a few weeks ago.
Murphy55410::Minnesota sports suuuuuuuuck.
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Go Grizz and Good crowd for a Sunday but we can do better Memphis........................
Grindhouse2413::yeah that was great. things are gelling in Grizz Nation
Grindhouse2413::fun night at the Forum. Did you see that guy on the dance cam? with the nacho cheese? hahahaha
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Oh man when he took his shirt off. but you gotta love the Prince fan who was sitting courtside
tigersbball901::I'm proud of the grizz tonight, but let's not get too win happy.  Remember that this was a traditionally mediocre Twolves team.
Grindhouse2413::we didnt play down to our competition tonight so that is good to see
oh ok 28::davis and daye have serious upside   if they can put it together memphis will be strong
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Davis must be unhappy with the trade, there is no reason, for Austin freaking Daye to be getting his minutes.
Grindhouse2413::Daye is a SF, Davis is a PF. Davis has more competition for minutes man. He has talent and potential. Plenty of games to play this season
rc021363::Good game Wolves fans.  Congrats to the Grizzlies for a complete game, using the bench and all.  Coach Hollins might actually be learning to trust the bench, great move, coach!  Go Grizzlies!!
ImAWitness06::Rubio wasn't even the best pg on the court
Grindhouse2413::Back in the four spot in the standings. That didnt take long. Thanks Denver for keeping it warm for us. I think it will be a battle for the 3, 4, 5 spot for us, Denver, and the Clippers for the rest of the season.
MemphisTn7414::Go Grizzlies!!!
emthomasjr::Tay + Daye &gt;&gt;&gt; Gay for tonight at least.
Grindhouse2413::One starts, one comes off the bench. I like it.
MemphisTn7414::Go Grizzlies!!!
Grindhouse2413::Prince, Daye, and Davis: We are so glad you guys are here. I love the energy, the decision making, and the effort you guys are showing out there. Keep it up and the sky is the limit. Cant wait for Tuesday.
Grindhouse2413::Baby steps. He will get more as he gains the coaches confidence.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::It'd be nice if Davis gets at least 20 minutes a night though...
MemphisTn7414::Go Grizzlies!!!
MemphisTn7414::Go Grizzlies!!!
tkidu::typical minnesota sports. just give up. what a disgrace
str8hust1a::good to see theres still good guys in the nba, props to prince for giving that fan courtside seats and a jersey signed
Grindhouse2413::Two in a row. Lets make it three on Tuesday! The guys are having fun again. They are sharing/passing the ball and hitting the open threes. Keep winning Memphis, prove those haters (for which we have many) WRONG!!
Grindhouse2413::Thank you mam. Go Grizz!
utclindsay::Well said, sir. The haters stayed off tonight from what I have seen. I think the haters are already starting to realize they may be wrong.
Brousser::memphis looks fine without Gay
jjerle::Wolves -- Get busy winnin' or get busy tankin'!!!!!
licky_boobio::why didnt barea play tonight?
emthomasjr::Strained foot.
utclindsay::Grizz now in 4th place with Denver loss!!
Blake Griffins Off Hand::I think Memphis traded Gay so that Conley and Bayless could develop their 1 on 1 game more.
Mattd7152::Ridnour has played his tail off here in minny. I am sure he's ready for a fresh start somewhere. Guy deserves it.
mspc71::We liked him in Milwaukee, seems to be a decent guy.
Patches.OHoulihan.::wow i cant believe it went over 183! thank you!!!
pedrobear1::Can't really gauge this performance vs the Timberkitties. So won't to get my hopes up, but I like what I saw this game offensively. They still shot 49% though.
Minnysota Vikings::Cain, pretty much every Wolves fan likes CJ and wonders why he doesn't play more. Jim Peterson constantly raves about him. You're the only one who apparently doesn't like him. I don't know, maybe you just know more than any of us do.
246677322::whoa. minnysotta got sealed
Cain-Marko::It's not that I don't like the kid.  He is a nice guy according to the rest of the team too.  I just don't think he is the next coming of a superstar like you do.  I'm a realist.  There is a reason he just got signed off a 10 day contract.  You really think if he is as good as you make him seem Adelman wouldn't play him more?  What? do you think Adelman wants to lose? is that why he doesn't play him?  I need to see more than a few highlight dunks in mop up time before I beg to see him every game as you do.
Minnysota Vikings::Kahn said that with CJ's athleticism and length, he has a decent shot at earning a place in the Wolves longterm plans. There's no denying that he's the most physically gifted player on the team. I just think that he has the potential, and the key word is potential, to possibly become a very good player with proper coaching and playing time. We'll see.
Cain-Marko::I think he has done well with the time he has been given so far.  There may be certain matchups and such he would be suited better for than others.  But I'd like to see him pick up the defensive rotations better and do a little more than just dunk.  Although, that is fun to see too.  But, i defer back to Adelman when it comes to playing time.  He gets to watch practice and is a better judge of who should play when in my opinion than you or I.  I don't buy into the what do they have to lose theory either.  These guys are professionals that get paid a lot of money to play.  None of them want to just cash it in on the season and neither does Adelman.  They need to play to win every game regardless of what their record is.  Fans pay good money to put the best team on the floor whenever possible and if Adelman doesn't play CJ then I have to think he hasn't earned it yet.  Maybe I'm wrong.  Hopefully, I am and he can help them win some games but I just don't see it yet.
Minnysota Vikings::We've lost 14 of the last 16 games. It's not like we have anything to lose by giving him more minutes.
Minnysota Vikings::Based on the way he's played in his limited minutes this year, do you not agree that he at least deserves to play in every game? even if it's only 10-15 minutes? He's the only big the Wolves have who can play above the rim. It's a nice change of pace that I think Adelman is neglecting to take advantage of.
msos66::G'night gang. Go Wolves.
D4eden::Anyone know why Rubio didn't play late in the 4th?
LBJ hairline::Um, he can't shot.
LBJ hairline::Um, he can't shot.
U.S. 69::adelman is a r.etard.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::rick prlly figured we have no shot so rest him
D4eden::Makes sense I suppose. Still have to protect him so soon after he blew out his knee.
utclindsay::Yes...the Grizz CAN win without Rudy for all the doubters out there!
Jumeax::there has been a slow and stead improvement in offence, Memphis were ranked about 25 in assists, average 20 a game, and pretty much dead last in 3pointers With Gay gone, ws hoping for a gradual improvment in ball movment, and hoping for an improvment in 3 pointers, from the ball movement and open looks   last game 99pts on 26 assists, 40% 3P shooting this game 105pts on 30 assists 46% 3P shooting
Not Not A Wolves Fan::ya beat the wolves. hold your horses
utclindsay::and the Warriors...
FlowHot20::what trades are coming up for twolves?
Not Not A Wolves Fan::i'm better than kahn amirite?
FlowHot20::lol kd
FlowHot20::pls tell again didnt see it
Not Not A Wolves Fan::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=apsarvo
Not Not A Wolves Fan::i posted one earlier that i think will happen
Pusha Tonn::Im out! see you! go wolves!!!!!!!
wunderrr::adios
dlhouse18::Go Wolves!
Minnysota Vikings::cya Pusha
Not Not A Wolves Fan::byyye
utclindsay::Great game by the Grizz!! Looking better each game and the Rudy trolls are slowly leaving!
_United We Run_::gophers lost....still cant believe it
sweet_lew09::holy crap the grizz have 5 PFs
tmoneyinmphs::daye is really a SF
mspc71::Not as good a shooter
Jumeax::Daye is Steve Novak 2.0
Not Not A Wolves Fan::wolves have 10 pgs
U.S. 69::It's tough being a wolves fan, things will never turn around anytime soon.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::this time it will be different tho :)
U.S. 69::been saying that for about 10 years.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::there's always next year dont cha know
dlhouse18::Chris "The Gem" Johnson
Pusha Tonn::GG Grizz fans
GoTigers2015::GG mayne, hope the T-wolves get healthy and D-will gets the Flu for tomorrow
Pusha Tonn::lol
dlhouse18::^
D4eden::Interesting that Rubio didn't get minutes down the stretch. His plus/minus is 3rd best on the team...
Everyday im Shufflin 290::GG Wolves see you guys in March :)
mnsportswopwopwahhh::I have this weird suspicion even if the Twolves were healthy they'd still be close to this pace.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::if that's true im offing myself
Minnysota Vikings::Chris Johnson is a less stupid version of Javale McGee
Cain-Marko::Your man crush is admirable but he isn't ever going to see significant minutes this year.  But, I'm sure you know more than Adelman. I'm sure he doesn't play CJ because he just doesn't like him.  Maybe he knows more than you and there is a good reason he only plays in garbage time.
Cain-Marko::I don't think there is an NBA team out there that wouldn't take McGee over Johnson.  Let's keep it real here.  He is a guy that just got picked up off a 10 day waiver. Big Deal.  He plays in garbage time against backups.  Calm down.
Cain-Marko::Yeah. You're right.  He is great.  That's why all the other NBA teams have tried so hard to get him over the last 4 years.  McGee is a beast.  Johnson is a skinny athletic low skilled tall guy.
Minnysota Vikings::and what do you think McGee is? Highly skilled? lol
Cain-Marko::Johnson couldn't carry McGee's jock.
Minnysota Vikings::you know nothing about basketball
Pusha Tonn::lol. or anthony randolph
GoTigers2015::15-0 over 100, so beast
Pusha Tonn::gelaaaaaaaaaaaa
dlhouse18::I think I'm going to boost Chris Johnson's overall.... got to say about 65. Gelebale up to 70.
dlhouse18::D Will down
dlhouse18::Hands 0
Not Not A Wolves Fan::awareness 0
Pusha Tonn::50
