Lebron has one ring lol::Playoffs for Lakers
f0shoo::man..if Kobe makes it into the playoffs this year it's gonna be his best performance yet.
golf19891989::I am a Mavs fan and I am glad that we lost this game. Neither one of these teams has a chance in the post season, but LA is to dumb to figure that out. Mavs need as many ping pong balls as they can get in the hopper, so the more we lose, the more we get. This team was not built to succeed the last couple of seasons, but hopefully we can get a lottery pick, and possibly some good free agents, and start building for real.
monopoman::LA doesn't get their pick this year no matter what it is.  LA could just miss the playoffs and win the lottery and get the #1 pick but they have to give it to Phoenix.
gordlig::Not if Kobe has to play 47 minutes per game the rest of the way.
jlingk::LA can beat San Antonio.   No question.   It's the other teams they'll have trouble with.
John32325::Hey jlingk, like golf  just said " but LA is to dumb to figure that out" seems like u fit right in dat same category. Your to dumb to see that the lakers wont beat S.A. 3 times.
Ellyas::Quadruple-double! Good work, Mr. Bryant.
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::Refs won the game even though Lakers won by 20    - Dumb Mavs Fans
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
53dario::DAVID STERN WANT THE LAKERS IN PLAYOFFS. NO DOUBT
gordlig::Then why did he veto the chris paul trade?
chanchoso::Kobe, greatest Hornet of all-time!
sridhar85::Lakers cant make it into the playoffs this year....Schedule is too tough.
SPORTS-TALK-1-::Says you only lmao
belfeliandre::Was having a look at the free-agents -to-be list and I still feel the Lakers can improve their team: signing Howard and a PG like Mo Williams should be their top priority! I think there's room to achieve that as long as they don't resign Cheeks and MWP or trade Gasol this summer.
gatorfan808::The Lakers will have to wait for the 2014-15 season to really do anything because of the salaries they currently have.   Gasol's stock has gone down, cannot see anything of value coming from a trade with Gasol.  Get Dwight to sign is the only priority.  Next season will be better than this year but not by much.  Wait for 2014, Kobe retires and beg Lebron James to be a Laker and team up with Dwight.  New Laker Dynasty may begin in 2014 if James takes his talent to Hollywood.
belfeliandre::The Mavs are out of the playoffs picture.
brendandelany95::Unfortunately, I have to agree with you.  I still hope they make it, but I'm going to be a realistic fan and start looking toward the offseason.  This offseason should be one to remember - I have a feeling that Cuban will pull off at least one incredible trade to give the Mavs that one player that they need to be a powerhouse (although I think that they could have at least been in the playoff picture had they had Dirk all season long and had the whole team been playing the way they've been playing for the last month or so for the entire season).  Let's go Mavs!  #MFFL
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::Like they were ever in it hah
Steve91406::For all the futile effort to prove Refs are on Lakers side, there can be a hours long video showing all the calls Lakers suppose to get but didn't get this season, some of those even made them loose the game. The point is people only want to believe what they want to believe.
brendandelany95::I seriously believe that the refs should never be blamed for any loss - no matter how bad the officiating may be.  People always heap the blame on the refs for one or two bad calls, which may be warranted, when the real reason that their team lost is more likely because they played badly, the other team played better, or both.
monopoman::So you argue that reffing has no direct impact on the game?  Even if a ref gives another team 4 undeserved free throws in the last 45 seconds of the game the other team should still win if they were up by 3 going into that last 45 seconds.  I swear spoken like a fan of a team known for getting the lions share of calls.
HotdogSalesman2012::you can't be serious.  Lakers are a bad, disorganized team.  They play maybe about 60 percent of their potential.  If they win anything in the playoffs it will be because of the officiating.
vman606::very, very true. spot on.
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::Thank You Dallas for the easy win :)
belfeliandre::They looked so bad yesterday. They were just terrible to watch!
thelakerfn34::I'm kinda disappointed in the laker fans at staples chanting we want Phil.  We need to support dantoni he's our coach and its gonna be that way for the rest of the year.  And he's not doing a terrible job. It's not easy to coah all these egos.
jlingk::Not doing a terrible job? Are you even paying attention?  The guy can't make an adjustment to save his life.  Players have tuned him out. He's gone next year.
belfeliandre::or because he is the one who cannot find a way to make Gasol and Howard dominant on the floor. And yes, he still cannot play any defense.
gatorfan808::Fans are loyal to players and not so much to the coach.  They are not going to blame Kobe Bryant because of how long he has been there.  They are going to find blame in D'antoni because he has been the easiest target.  There were times in the season where the Lakers just didn't play hard and played with no sense of urgency.  For a younger team, you can blame the coach but on a veteran team, a lot of blame should be on the players.
jcmaggi::not to mention he was brought in 2 weeks in to the season and has dealt with crippling injuries to key personnel all season.
jcmaggi::Gotta give it to Dwight, he's averaging 20 ppg 15 rpg and 3 bpg over the last 14 games
WOODY.3435656::hack a coward
jcmaggi::As a Lakers fan, I have nothing but respect for Dwight. When he was traded, everyone said his back wouldn't be ready until January. He's played through his rehab and battled through a torn labrum and he's done it with the media in his grill the entire time.
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::Lefag Lebum
WOODY.3435656::KOBRICK KORAPE
WOODY.3435656::KOBRICK FINALLY DOING SOMETHING RIGHT
jcmaggi::Kobe is 836 points from surpassing MJ for 3rd on the all time NBA scoring list.
jlingk::Different styles, same approach, same greatness.  Anyone who doesn't acknowledge that doesn't know the NBA.  They're in the same class with the only other player who belongs there, Magic Johnson.
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::It doesn't matter if Kobe played in college  Kobe &gt;&gt; Jordan
monopoman::chanchoso - Please tell me you're trolling?? Or just trying to get a rise out of people. Anyone who really thinks Kobe is better than MJ really doesn't know basketball.  Nah he obviously treats Kobe like a god or something, he will think Kobe is better no matter what happens.
chanchoso::Please tell me you're trolling?? Or just trying to get a rise out of people. Anyone who really thinks Kobe is better than MJ really doesn't know basketball.
gatorfan808::MJ didn't play 17 years.
gatorfan808::Well with that said, Kobe must be an idiot because if going to college prepares you for the NBA, maybe he should have gone that route.  Your words.
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::He played college which gave him more experience joining the NBA Kobe came in the league at 18   Kobe &gt; Jordan
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::Kobe = G.O.A.T
jcmaggi::Depends on who you ask.
WOODY.3435656::wow kobe passed
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::Kobe &gt; Wade &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Lechoke  Kobe with Shaq = 3 rings Wade with Shaq = 1 ring Lechoke with Shaq = CHOKED
monopoman::Its more like Shaq with Kobe.  Those first 3 rings were when Kobe was Shaqs sidekick.
chanchoso::Dumb and dumb 5 people who liked your quote
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::shut up bitchh
LeBron The GOAT12::Worst team players in NBA: 1. Carmelo 2. Kobe 3. J.R.Smith
LeBron The GOAT12::LATEST GOAT POLL: 1. LeBron 2. M.J. 3. Magic 243. Can of dog food 244. Kobe 258. Carmelo
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::Carmelo scored 50 on Miami  Carmelo &gt; Lebron
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::Refs won the game even though Lakers won by 20  - Dumb Mavs Fans
LeBron The GOAT12::Lakers and the refs.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=YZatX_6i5WY
HubbleMR::Laker's fans have no class...chanting we want Phil during half time. Real classy LA. Way to support your team. P.S. I'm not a bitter Mavs fan.
HubbleMR::Well, yeah. Who wouldn't want Phil Jackson? Arguably the greatest coach of all time. But it's pretty weak to chant that in your own building, with your own coach in the locker room talking to a team that is dominating at half time. But I don't understand Staples Center and the fans that pack the place.
PrimeTimexx::They're drunk during most of the game, they probably don't even remember chanting that
PrimeTimexx::Laker fans have always been a little odd
HubbleMR::Sorry, the majority of Laker's fans at Staples last night have no class.
rex_coach::<b>A l ot better.  While I agree with them, I wouldn't have stooped so low...</b>
rex_coach::<b>Nice generalization there pal...</b>
Lakers4lifeandbeyond::The Lakers are a much better team without Nash and Metta.. They are better defensively with Blake and Clark... Offensively Clark is better than Metta as well.. This is the best Laker team
rex_coach::<b>Laker boards always surpass 5k comments...</b>
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::MOTHERFUCCK DALLAS !!!
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::DALLAS FANS ARE FAGGGOTS
MavsMan008xxISxxBack::Ok KoQueer
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::fagggot
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::DALLAS FANS CAN SUCK A DICK LMAO
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::FUCCKK DALLAS AND THEIR PATHETIC FANS YOU GUYS GOT WHAT YOU DESERVED FOR TALKING SO MUCH TRASH IN THE LAST 2 DAYS NOW LOOK AT YOU HAHAHAH
NBASPORTSFAN101::Lakers lose METTA but get Gasol. Lakers can still do well with this team, Howard is playing Great.
la_sportsfanforlife24::Kobe Bryant is the best player in the game its a fact like jack Nicholson says "you cant handle the truth"
espn straight flexin::23 pts, 11 rebs, 11 asts, 4 stl, 2 blk... played 47 minutes straight.  Yet all I hear out of these delusional haters mouth is "8-18! KOBRICK!"  How sad is that..
Cvega9652::hear*
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::Kobe  = G.O.A.T  Lebron is a GOAT
PrimeTimexx::you want kobe's weiner?
the source close to the situation::Normally a critic of Bryant's style of play, I will give credit where due. He played awesome. If he played with a team first mentality like last night, the Lakers would be contenders. The standard Kobe plays hero ball and doesn't have a team-first mentality, but this was good. I'm surprised to say the least. Stunned actually.
3stacks7.0::He averages 6 assists per game...he shouldn't have to play PG.
the source close to the situation::as the team leader, he should do whatever is best for his team. I agree that Nash should be the primary assist man. But Kobe has the ball in his hands far more than anyone else, so therefore takes on the responsibility of playmaker. He has a lot of room to improve shot selection. He should pass on many of the shots he takes.
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::Kobe has had like 5 games this season with 10+ assists
xo_da_legend::I bet its typically 40% or below.
xo_da_legend::Tell me what the teams average shooting Percentage is in those games. ;)
the source close to the situation::that means he's capable of doing it when he wants. That's what he should be doing. He's had several games with less than 5 assists and more than 25 shots.
xo_da_legend::is anyone ever going to admit that Steve Nash's defense is the biggest problem with the Lakers right now.?
xo_da_legend::The comment above this thread is the problem. All anyone ever sees is Kobe's 'faults'. But not Nash or anyone else. That's what discredits most of the criticism. Kobe had a great game... he's had dozens this year. But, the thing that sticks out ... is actually how much better the Laker defense is.
the source close to the situation::We know Nash's D sucks. But the reason people single out Kobe is because he trashes his team mates more than anyone. You'd better not have any problems in your own game before you start calling people out. He does have problems and he can't see them as problems. He is perceived as the team leader, but he doesn't know how to effectively lead.
MtMoxie::The story wasn't Kobie not coming out of the locker room. The story should be Jim Buss not representing the Buss/Laker family. Also the response Jackson received when introduced to the crowd. Jim Buss hid behind his sister. We were told he runs the Lakers, and his sister is in charge of the business side. I felt sorry for Shaq because Jackson's introduction was greater than his. Kobie did a video, and was seen on tv stopping when he left the court at half time to visit with Shaq. Come on reporters get after the Jim Buss issue.
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::Kobe f.ucked around and got a triple double freakin ni99as every way like MJ
AntW310::and a skyhook.
KoClutch KoGod KoBeast KoRings::K. Bryant 23 Pts, 11 Reb, 11 Ast, 4 Stl, 2 Blk
3stacks7.0::And playing every min of the game...
AntW310::you left out 34 years old and 17th season....
digimon.emperorv1::alright laker fans emperor out
Corvo Attano::lmao lakers still suck.  pathetic
AntW310::but YOU are here... speaks volumes...
MakoMerk23::Lakers need Mike Rice.
Cdro11::well to quote the late great, Legends_of_Past, "well im outta here cuz their's too many pokemon trolls" bye
Slow Joe Crow::I never got into that whole Chinpokomon thing....but to each his own.
Cdro11::soooo i have pokemon speaking more about his name than the Lakers #winning
digimon.emperorv1::a win streak of 2 thats cute not to mention they are not in the playoffs as of today and until this friday
Cdro11::ha ha pokemon troll
Cdro11::hmm duh he is a "legend" smh respect him!!! lol
digimon.emperorv1::like i said no basis
Cdro11::idk about "we" but from what i read below you should
digimon.emperorv1::just listen to your argument lol you have no basis
digimon.emperorv1::so you're saying that because he called me a pokemon troll when i never mentioned pokemon he's right
JCDish::You should change your name, it doesn't fit well on a sports comment board.
JCDish::ok just a suggestion
digimon.emperorv1::nah ill keep my name
digimon.emperorv1::digimon*
digimon.emperorv1::i guess we all should jump off a cliff if he said to
Cdro11::nope Legends said you were a "pokemon troll"
Legends_of_Past::well im outta here cuz their's too many pokemon trolls
timgentner::so kobes shooting percentage is the only thing he can do to gain your respect lol just curious cuz hes really lookin to do whatever possible to get your approval
timgentner::an there the all time greats so rebounds an assists dont matter to you only scoring?
digimon.emperorv1::obviously they matter but people don't need to brag about the stat like you guys are
digimon.emperorv1::i could careless about triple double stat it is an overrated stat even if jordan magic wilt and all of them did it
timgentner::if he was in the 6th seed as opposed to the 8th? really? but hitting 44% of his shots an had triple double but that wasnt good enough for you
digimon.emperorv1::it'll make me respect kobe and the lakers a tiny bit more
timgentner::what will that do lol
digimon.emperorv1::not lose and make it to the 6th seed
timgentner::what facts are you throwing around that kobe put up a pic on his twitter, ill fact nerd.. coming at a dude that hit mid 40% shots and finished with triple double I mean what else does the dude have to do
digimon.emperorv1::im stating facts and you're getting mad and thats digimon*
Hillerns::I've been impressed by Bryant's maturation this year. The best way for the Lakers to advance in the playoffs is for Kobe to decrease his attempts and continue dishing. More than 22 shots a game from Kobe historically spells trouble for these Lakers.
timgentner::the artest drive is debateable as well hahah but I hear you man I do agree, I am a big kobe fan but he does force some shots sometimes
Hillerns::Of course. So would I. But what about a driving Artest? Or a driving Earl Clark. Or Gasol in the post. Or a lob to Howard. Do any of these things and your percentage points conservatively increase by 10.
timgentner::I get what your saying but personally Id just rather have kobe take a contested jumper than have him pass it to a wide open artest for a three haha just sayin
timgentner::its really simple kobe believes in himself so much an wants to be that guy that sometimes he shoots when he should pass or tries to take over games because he wants that responsibility an he knows he can make the shot, if he didnt do that what would people say.... prolly what they said about lebron "hes afraid of missing or afraid of the moment"
Hillerns::Kobe's will to win is never questioned. His decision-making is. Passing out of a double team is pretty basic and he has the talent to do so. Hoisting multiple and difficult shots isn't as effective as pounding in higher percentage shots. A shot has one chance to score. A pass has four. Kobe is a scorer; it's what he is paid to do and I get that. But I play percentages and desire doesn't always equate to outcomes. When he decreases his attempts and increases his assists, the percentage of Laker wins increases dramatically. It's pretty simple math.
timgentner::I have to disagree with your previous point below, while I do appreciate you not acting like a $@%!$@ an just debating I will debate my point. I believe these "Men" all professionals dont need someone babysitting, kobe leads by example on the court an all those players you named with MAYBE MJ as an exception did not put as much heart an passion into the game as kobe does, MJ is pretty close but no one has the desire to win an get better as kobe does.. He is a scorer at heart all those players you named werent know as scorers besides MJ obviously
PMPJohn::Well guys, I have had fun giving you guys crap, but I have to go to work now. In all seriousness, I hope the Lakers get in. The playoffs would not be the same without them.
