champ88legend::Hoping for a big win tonight the I.95 rivels going to NY. bring are defence with us
OSUBLAZIN::Where did this Sixers team come from? It's nice to see some new teams competing this year.
ThatSmartMonkey::76ers = best team in NBA. Fact.
Gamham34::Watch the knicks beat the sixers $@% tonight.
chrism1983::As a sixers fan, it's refreshing to see a true team..it seems that no one really cares about individual stats, only a W..and I've never seen a 76ers team with as much energy-it seems that they are always fast breaking and beating teams down floor..They remind me of the suns from a few years back though  they're not gonna score 120 a night but they are very very sound defensivly.  I guess being a very young team in a shortened season is a huge advantage.  Not to mention that Doug Collins changed the atmosphere of the organization
jp81791::As of today, the Sixers are #1 in both Offensive AND Defensive Efficiency. I don't care who you play, that's doin work.
mf756193::Hey Sixers fans, doesn't it feel great knowing we got all these haters mad!?!?  You know your team is on the way up when you got haters from coast to coast!  Soon the entire NBA will realize how talented this 76ers team is!  The haters can keep on hating!  Showwwww yaa luvvv!
andremillerand1::why do people act like Howard would never come to the city of philadelphia?  Last time i checked Philly was a big market.
chrism1983::I agree with you completely..plus you know that Howard would start calling teammates out if he doesn't get 30 touches a night..it would ruin the chemistry completely which is very underrated to an extent in sports, especially basketball.  Howard is over-hyped and imo very inmature..stop with the jokes and playing around on the court and play ball..and stop whining about wanting to be traded..you signed a contract now live up to it
mf756193::I don't know if I would even want him on this team, but I do agree that he would come.  This current Sixers team is the definition of a TEAM.  I may be in the minority, but I don't want to watch my Sixers every night and watch one lazy star who shoots the ball a million times himself.  What I love about the Sixers is how deep they are and how they spread the ball around.  I don't really think Howard fits in well with us.
champ88legend::want to tell the world about are 76ers. The young dinamic group of guies playing there hearts out for a great motivating coach. Doug collines has instilled a a comrodery that hasent been felt in quiet a long time. The excitment builds with every win, and with every win will bring the true basketball fans back to where will belong, in the MECKA of basketball SOUTH PHILADELPHIA. LETS GO SIXERS...
Jthizz69::Congrats on the win Sixers, but let's wait for the all-star break before we start declaring who's done well this season and who hasn't, 9 games is a tiny sample size, a touch over 1/8th of the shortened schedule. Philly had a good first /8th, but they need to keep it up + beat some good teams consistently before I'll start salivating over them. Sacramento is hardly a quality team, and as far as the "team" aspect goes they could be bottom 3 in the league, they've just got enough lottery talent to win them some.
Pusherman3::76ers v. NY will be nice tonight and a good test for both teams.  76ers playing in NY on the second night of a back to back.  NY rested and coming off some soft wins.  Should be fun.
Korzagg::3rd night of back to backs
Pusherman3::Teams on the 3rd night are 6-0 this season, I think.  Nevertheless, it doesn't help to be playing a rested Knicks squad in NY.  Don't worry, of the Knicks win, their fans will think they are the best team in the East....again.
roundmoundgtown::GO SIXERS!!! I've been tryin to tell my friends about how good the sixers look on both ends this season(Coach Collins is doin one hell of a job) but all they keep tellin me is that it won't last long cause they don't have any "superstars"...  Basketball is STILL a team game and when u have talent spread as evenly as it is  on this sixers roster  displaying smothering pick n roll D and moving the rock around from !-5 (another nod to Coach C) for 48 min that team will b hard to beat..  Can't underestimate effort.. U ever seen a college style team play on a professional level?!? All I'm sayin is that when a team forms an IDENTITY they have a shot at beating anybody if they're able to impose there will (superstars included).. I may b wrong but if the Sixers tune up the Knicks tonight I think cats should stop and take notice...
x_3_9::They went 3-13 against mostly bad teams to start last year.....so forget the good team/bad team argument....7-2 &gt; 3-13...any questions?
pnk3128x::doug collins is the best thing that has happened to this team in 10 years
hh626::its great that they are winning but they haven't played any good teams yet
elgato1997::agreed they haven't played the top teams like the Heat or Bulls but they are blowing out teams that just last year they used to play close games with. Also even the Heat and Bulls have struggled with a some teams the 76ers beat by 20+. Golden State got blown out by Philly and Golden state has beat the Heat, Bulls and Knicks. Not saying the 76ers are better than the Heat or Bulls but that says something. bottom line the 76ers are a good early season story in the NBA.
ill 215::if the Sixers got Dwight Howard they'd be the best team in the NBA by a long shot.  They have a DEEP bench.
yahoeshua::there woouldn't be much of bench if we got Howard, they would all be on orlando
x_3_9::Its gonna take a top 4 conference finish to lure any high profile stars to Philly.
conlevis2::the sixers will be this post-lockout season's Knicks.......a la 1998-99
rrt5029::i think this was like the 3rd or 4th straight game that the sixers opponent was missing their top offensive threat haha. im not taking anything away from the sixers, cause they're blowing out bad teams, just like they should be, but I'll be interested to see how their defense performs against solid offensive teams with a healthy squad
yahoeshua::hate to say this, but being a healthy squad is a huge factor, they trained all summer and are in great shape. True, freak accidents happen all the time, but I bet a lot of these injured players around the league are not in tip top due to the lock-out
killahs_ghost::"im not taking anything away from the sixers,"  Except that you are.
elgato1997::It will be interesting when they play some better teams but the 76ers are really getting better. a year or 2 ago they would be playing close 5 point games with most of the teams they've blown out. i say 4th or 5th seed in the East and make it to the 2nd round this year but then they lose.
conlevis2::Thornton is one of their offensive threats...Evans is their best player.
swaggamento916::we need way more out of jimmer come on baby you gotta step it up
hothibachi::come on baby, I need some more Jimmer [cowbell]!
swaggamento916::come on bro we all seen him in college we all expect more rubio is a rookie too i just know jimmer can shoot way better than he has been we need to go on a winning streak if all of our young talent gets confident and all on one page we can do some damage
zoo_bear33::he's a rookie relax.
Blake8853::They just gave philly some love on NBA Network.. Saying they believe Philly will win the Atlantic..
hothibachi::some brotherly love, perhaps
Blake8853::Preping to play Philadelphia is like preping to play two starting squads at the same time.. It doesn't matter whos cold or whos injured on this team.. They will ALWAYS produce from somewhere off the bench..
Blake8853::Lets get this straight...The Golden State Warriors beat the Chicago Bulls, New York Knicks, and now the Miami Heat... The Phiadelphia 76ers dismantled Golden State 107-79 in regulation.. Food for thought..
LightSpeed1000::was it 2nd of a back to back?
Blake8853::Obviously you care enough to try and hate on my comment because your obviously offended about how well they've been playin'.. KEEP HATIN' SON!
Blazelover13::Then who cares what YOU said, you stupid troll? Get out of here before you making yourself look even stupider than you already have.
LightSpeed1000::who cares... bet u complained about bama winning after losing to lsu too... loser
Blake8853::Did Philly not just beat another team on their second of a back to back, and now we are gonna take it to the Knicks to and our Back to back to back...
Blake8853::I still love Barkley's dumb a** comment about Philly already hitting the ceiling and they're gonna tapper off..
x_3_9::I'll believe Barkley's analysis when he learns to actually speak and construct sentences....until then, he's only a few steps above reta--arded.
Team JBieber::Every Time I hear Charles Barkley Talk I feel like i am getting more stupid
Blake8853::Love when people have nothin' to say about the subject, so they immediately jump to insults as apposed to facts..
LightSpeed1000::he has a higher basketball iq than u have
Blazelover13::Barkley shouldn't be an analyst; he has no idea what the heck he's doing. He should go back to golfing...
Blake8853::There really is no argument..
Blazelover13::Agreed; even the stupid show on ESPN, "Numbers Never Lie", would say the same thing.
Blazelover13::Exactly my point. *fist-bumps*
Blazelover13::Good news, everyone! The Miami Heat's loss now gives all the "best" teams in the league a minimum of two losses. So, the Heat lost to the Warriors...whom the Sixers beat by 30. I think it's clear who's REALLY better, no?
LightSpeed1000::celtics
Blazelover13::Sorry, fool. Too old, too slow, and no longer a threat.
pr_master::Evan Turner is looking a lot like Andre Iguodala 2.0 .......a really good player but extremely inconsistent.
pr_master::People just watch Philadelphia schedule and you will understand why they started 7-2. Let see how good they do between Jan 30 and Feb 10.
salemram15::Look at their schedule from 12/26 – 1/4. 5 game west coast trip to kick off the season… 3 blow-outs on the road. I don’t care what teams we played, it’s hard to stay mentally tough and not let the traveling play a part in fatigue and focus.
AtlanticD::I agree that they haven't played any elite teams yet, but they are DESTROYING these bad teams...  It might not say too much, but it still says something..  You gotta beat the teams on the schedule...
AtlanticD::Just saw Sportscenter and Linda Cohn pointing out the Eastern Conference standings...  You KNOW she was p.issed that she had to point out that the Sixers were 2 games ahead of her overrated Knicks for the division lead...  Haha!
Travis Berger::turner looked great. I'm starting to believe. still need to see more
bobHALO 30.1::Believe what?  Dude is going to be a great NBA player for years.  Hes not a "super star" but is above avg in just about every category.  Dude can play PG, defense, and rebound like a m.ofo... Hes not a #1 but hes the kinda guy that every championship team needs.
yahoeshua::agree with all of you, I just want him to look around a tad more when handling the rock. It looks as though an opponent  can take it like candy from a baby sometimes
salemram15::Agreed, he’s finally comfortable with his role and has more confidence in himself then he did last season. I love how he’s sending a message to all those people who said he was a terrible 2nd overall draft pick. Those same people insisted that there was no way he would bounce back from his rookie year. This man’s quietly proving a point.
Travis Berger::turner looked great. I'm starting to believe. still need to see more
Blazelover13::You know what really irks me, though? When I tuned in to watch NBA Coast-To-Coast, those idiot analysts focused on every team BUT the Sixers, both in the opening segment and for most of the show. Such disrespect; it makes me sick. The Bulls escape with an 11-point win against Minnesota. Philly has now beaten five teams by over 25 points each time. Yeah...idiot analysts.
yahoeshua::they made sportscenter last night
bobHALO 30.1::Dude, for two straight nights they didnt even make sportscenter...  I will tell you, this wont last for long.  If we are balling like this in a month from now, well get some air time... but I know what you mean and feel your pain
Blazelover13::Wow...just...wow. Six players in double figures, another 25+ point win, another HOME win, Philly won EVERY quarter...this team is deadly. Very, very deadly. Hey, New York? Get ready to be killed tomorrow, you fakers. Enough about if this team can win 40 games; can they win 50 games is what I'm wondering now! Beware of this Philly team...beware. They're doing what the Eagles were SUPPOSED to do this season, but failed to do. Now, can they keep it going? Well, their two losses were to the red-hot Blazers and the red-hot Jazz, both worthy teams...and by only three and four points, too. So...uh, yeah, Philly is gonna keep it going. They could very well fight with the Bulls and Heat for the top two seeds, too! And don't you dare say I'm thinking too fast; has this team proved anything otherwise? GO SIXERS!
forest39::this is a team that is just so fun to watch, every sixer is all over the place, every one is contributing, every night its a different person stepping up., and they play at such a fast pace.
Iladelphia::Elton Brand was asked in his post game interview about his big night and how important it was to the Sixers win.  His response, “You know…Sometimes it’s Spence.  Sometimes it’s ‘Dre.  Sometimes it’s Thad.  All the time it’s us.”
salemram15::Exactly, if you shut one of our guys down on defense, we have an army to pickup the slack.
rag63top::I feel like I have been posting all season to give Turner more minutes. He has been producing off 20 minutes and now they get to see what he does off 34 minutes. Let the kid play more.
dwnstaley::turner is doing his thing off the bench with instant energy, like a watered down Manu Ginobli.  sure sometimes he doesn't shoot well but he comes to play.  eventually Meeks will come off the bench though it is nice to see Turner come in with the "night shift" and drive in the lane.
templebball08::absolutely no reason for Meeks to be starting at this point
KingGeorge53::Come on Sac.   We need you to win so we can get a 1st round pick.
ThatSmartMonkey::Hide yo kids, hide yo wives. Sixers are back!
Iladelphia::Lock all windows and doors!
Kevin396ss::Lou Williams and Thaddeus Young to the Miami Heat!
besta2::you are stupid. Coming from a die hard sixer fan
Blazelover13::Call me stupid, but I utterly refuse to give up those two for ANYONE on the Heat! I'm dead serious. The idiotic villains can keep Bosh, Wade and James; they'll see when they fail yet again to win a championship.
Broad Street Beatdown::Our bench is playing better than half the league right now, lovin it!
radonforprez::Worst pro team in philly? Andy Reid's Eagles.
gordon.mack::NBA analysts are treating the Sixers like NFL analysts treat Tim Tebow. "Creating reasons why their success is a fluke" hate to break the news but maybe a Team &gt; Superstar FA
dwnstaley::tebow would love this sixers team.
radonforprez::Tebow played a terrible three games before the playoffs.
Iladelphia::Except the Sixers actually have the stats to back them whereas Tebow was eeking out wins
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Espn is confused they are looking for the best on the team.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::F rubio they don't win. T wolves are really not that good.
philaphan25::Yeah other than Love (who might be leaving) T wolves don't look that good.  They're like the clippers; lot of sizzle but no steak.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Crap
philaphan25::I know this might sound weird but I don't mind not being mentioned on espn every 10 seconds (Heat, Knicks).  I like the lack of respect our team gets because it makes it that much sweeter when we win.
dudearts::Don't forget Wolves
Frank Reynolds is back 4::See above
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Yea I said that I realize that the heat are good. But the coverage on the knicks is bs.
philaphan25::Just got back from the game/bar.  Good win for the sixers.  I really wanted Evan Turner to get his first triple double.
dwnstaley::jaq, the slow starts can be fixed as tonight Elton Brand got into groove. hopefully they become more consistent with the starters in case (knock on wood) injuries occur to the bench players and the starters have to play more mins.
Jaquine2732::can u imagine if everyone is playing well from the start, teams wud be out the building before the first quarter ends.... the only thing i didnt like about the game was the slow start we cant do tht against good teams
philaphan25::The kid has made strides since his rookie year.  I'm proud of him.  Hopefully he can continue to develop.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::He will not be mad if they start selling tix. Just as long as he gets his money.
fhymson42::david stern's nightmare
Frank Reynolds is back 4::This team is the anti-NBA. Lack of super stars and I think it will help sell this team to the fans.
philaphan25::that's what I love about this team.  Our bench is probably the best in the league and they can step up very easily.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::I hope so too. I liked Elton tonight too. I am fine with these guys having bad games because another guy picks it up.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::I love the hustle
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Yes Sixers are going to be in sports center lol
dudearts::Right now i'm watching the new Raiders owner acting like a complete $@%!$@ lololololololol.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Couple minutes
dudearts::My jaw dropped when i heard that lol
dudearts::will do ;)
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Yea watch it
devin8442::Hey guys, random question, but since your all sports fans, have any of you used bookyourathlete.com to book an event or try and promote something of yours with a professional athlete for cheap? One of my friends brother used it and said it was awesome and really cheap but I just wanted to hear any other opinions from you guys. It looks pretty cool and that you can get an athlete to promote one of your items for only $300 or so but I just wanted to see who else used them. Thanks in advance for your help I really appreciate it!
BlackknSilverNation::No
Iladelphia::Haha I like that we're calling the bench the night shift. They need a catchy name for how awesome they are
Hson81188::They call themselves the field goal unit
Jaquine2732::and they are called the graveyard shift because when they are in the competition is dead.lol
fhymson42::correct
fhymson42::night shift consists of lou, thad, turner and vuc... then you have the graveyard shift which consists of lavoy, battie, nocioni and brackens
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Yea but that is not the proper term.
fhymson42::thad has already been crowned "the janitor" of the the night shift by malik rose lol
Frank Reynolds is back 4::That sounds good. I just think Lou is in a class by himself
Frank Reynolds is back 4::I call Lou and thad the super subs. Evan and nick are the night shift.
Jaquine2732::its weird the night shift comes in and saves the first quarter and the starters come out and finishes off them off in the third
robkaos::Time to show the New York Knicks what defense is.
Iladelphia::Yeah they do. Every time they see one around a yard they say look at D Fence
Frank Reynolds is back 4::I really don't think they will recognize it.
CandySparker::I expect Elite on Brand.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::On the espn nba home page the Sixers are first under the headlines. But the heat are not finished their game.
