lsutigerguy1::glad to see a team like the Hornets work so hard and be rewarded.
thenolasportsguy::Trading away Austin Rivers is dumbest idea, a 20 year old rookie who played 1 year of college, and 1/3 NBA  Season with a young team. Yea lets give up on him.  And for Eric Gordon, the dude missed most of last season and this season, don't you think he would be a little rusty?
nba is the worst::Hornets on a 5-gm win streak, good for them
whodatfansince87::The Pelicans did it again!
Yu Darvish. RG3. Cristiano Ronaldo::Vasquez is ballin right now, damn.  He's playin like an all-star
greatvaluedollarstore::I don't know if it's the lack of sleep from the players or the one moment with the juicy $1000 burger, whatever it is that is making you guys not perform over the top, please make a CHANGE. I know it's hard, but please try to become the first to ever do so (making that change, this is the mentality). Coming from a Minnesota Sports fan too. Kind of depressing as well.
greatvaluedollarstore::The T-Wolves probably won't ever get close to a championship anymore. From the looks of it, there's no hope. We just dwell on slob unconditionally every single day and play the game "go with the flow". Coming from a Minnesota Sports fan too. Kind of depressing as well.
greatvaluedollarstore::The T-Wolves won't get it turned around any time soon. I just don't see it. Not enough talent (just saying). Coming from a Minnesota Sports fan too. Kind of depressing as well.
greatvaluedollarstore::Ricky Rubio is a one year wonder. Coming from a Minnesota Sports fan too. Kind of depressing as well.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Lol @ Austin Rivers' minutes. Worst pick since Todd Fuller.
Dematrius1::How does Anthony Davis not get a rebound?
minny snowta::he got 9 points and that is it, no other contribution except for 4 TO.
minny snowta::Damian Lillard should have been the #1 player in the draft in my opinion. Sorry NO fans.  said by PhilMNap when the wolves were up 18, he hasn't said a thing since the Hornets comeback.  This guy is a jackA$s! The wolves lost to one of the worst teams in the league and what do you know, no Kevin Love.  Phil, you and your little band of Love haters are running out of arguments that Love was the only problem.
ImAWitness06::Rubio has done a whole lot of nothing lately
mpdalry1::45 bench points...44 rebounds for the hornets  to 33 rebounds for the Rockets.  Wow...those a two stats very glaring.    Also back court has gotten MUCH better for Hornets. I said at the beginning of he season Vasquez was going to be a legit starter in th NBA....only a few Hornets fans saw his progression last year and agreed with me.  He is getting better at handling the ball and now he has a legit outlet with Gordon which has made him only better.  One of the top up and coming PG's in the league.  He also was s big difference maker tonight.
Lilrob10201713::That Vasquez kid came from nowhere,he is going to be a great player.
ImAWitness06::Well he was a first round pick
AustinBeal::The Hornets are gonna be a sneaky good team for the remainder of the season, assuming they stay healthy.
bshowers79::Yeah, Davis' rebounding average is down to 7….not 'beastly' at all for his position/expectations.
dwighthowardsamazing::I have them too and very good but Davis has been disappointing lately
TheBrownestBob::I have Vasquez and Davis on my fantasy team.  BEASTS!
TheBrownestBob::I'd just like to say that I picked up Nikola Pekovic this week as a free agent in fantasy and he's my second leading scorer and leading rebounder for the week.  Thanks, Pek!
AustinBeal::Your league must have a bunch of idiots.
TheBrownestBob::Dwight, I actually had him on my team earlier in the year and he had a stretch of the flu and such and he was putting up nothing so I had to drop him.  Absolutely no one picked him up.  In fact, I had Andrew Bynum to start the year, and someone opted to take him as a FA instead of Pek.  Lol!
TheBrownestBob::Ya, I'd say there's only one other guy who manages his team well but he's second place to me.
dwighthowardsamazing::I know I wanted him in my league I was gonna draft him in the 8th and he went in the 6th  definitely worth the 6 round
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::Anyone else ready for hockey to start? lol  Besides the Gophers basketball is dead to me.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::lol just realized how that sounded.  I mean besides the Gophers, basketball is dead to me.  Love the Gophers season so far.
dwighthowardsamazing::Oh I thought you said gophers basketball is dead to me my bad my bad
dwighthowardsamazing::Why they are goooood this year I think final 4 isn't out of reach
FatDz77::can the hornets get to 20 wins before the all star break?
dwighthowardsamazing::I think and hope so
cyang::On paper, this Hornets team is no worse than Rockets, Denver, or Portland and finally they're proving it.
bshowers79::All three of those teams, on paper, are much better than the Hornets….especially the Nuggets! On paper: Andre Miller as your back-up PG vs. who, Brian Roberts??? Igoudala (or Gallinari) vs. Al-Faroup Aminu? Come on!
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::On paper the Wolves were supposed to be pretty good as well.......
bradwinsall::portland has a pretty phenominal starting 5 as well.
csallstar11::uhhhh...Denver is a much better team, sorry dude
DukieBruce58::I knew Rivers would be a bust. Never should have come out after just 1 year.
bradwinsall::prob should have done 1 maybe 2 more years in college. Duke would have be ubsurd had he stayed. that being said judge him after 2 full nba season. and hey, at least hes no wes/jonny flynn
JrueRandallHoliday::Monster night for Davis and Rivers, LOL!  Wins a win, though...
dwighthowardsamazing::Minny fans do you get the feeling Kevin love quit on the team because I do although I am only a casual wolve fan and a big big Rubio fan
dwighthowardsamazing::I woulda took that too but they could've got a lot for him last season and probably later this season
bradwinsall::team should be pissed at him. he has no right to be pissed at the team. kahn/taylor i guess maybe but the team no. hes let them down.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::Well it sounded like Memphis was willing to trade Gay for Love, I would have taken that.  But yeah don't know what else we could get, especially right now.
dwighthowardsamazing::I think if the wolves trade him it shouldn't be now his trade stock will only go up he can't play worse than he did before he got hurt again
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::He's bitter about not getting the max deal, absolutely ridiculous that he's as upset about that as he seems to be.  Especially when we are paying him the years and money he is getting.  I never thought I would say this but maybe we should trade him.  In fact at this point probably should.  Most importantly he's let the fans down.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::No, I think he is pissed at the team for sure but he didn't quit.  I think a lot of the things he's been doing he's always been like, it's just more noticeable considering he hasn't been shooting as well due to the hand issues.  Definitely has left us with a lot to be desired.
bradwinsall::30-15 in the 3rd again as well. What is this team doing at half time. I have never seen anyone this bad in the 3rd quarter ever watching basketball.
bradwinsall::the last time the wolves won a 3rd quarter was 12/15 against dallas. that is unacceptable.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::The Wolves might be the worst shooting team in the NBA.  Or at least the most hot and cold team in the league.
dwighthowardsamazing::We are normally worse in the 3rd and I knew yall were bad too I thought it would be like a 15-13 quarter or something
bradwinsall::Tonight was 61st time since '85/'86 a team has had 33+ FTA while opp had 9 or less. Those teams are now 52-9 after #twolves loss tonight.  Way to break the mold guys. Silver lining.
aa_r23::Nola with a 4 game win streak?! Does not compute, but I will take it.
PoRtEr_24:::(
Greg Oden PayDay Loan Spokesmen::Austin Rivers got a pity draft. He was drafted even when his private workouts went horrible...
Nargash10::I never seen the KKK choke this bad since the Civil Right Era..!!
jaillg16::Way to go Hornets 4 in a row.
DavidG231::Going to be a tough go without Love.  But, Wolves need to beat NO, who is really bad.
spargs::lets see 5-1 with Gordon playing, 6-24 without him but no, you're right Aminu is the difference
dwighthowardsamazing::Let's see 4 times aminu led the team in minutes 4 times he had the most rebounds 4-0
smmshad::Hornets aren't bad...Vasquez is one of the best true point guards in the game, Anthony Davis has been solid, Robin Lopez is a contender for Most Improved Player, Ryan Anderson is good and Gordon has been a beast since he came back  only reason why their record was so bad is because they didn't have Eric Gordon to score a few more shots for them. Notice how they are winning more with Gordon back. If Gordon started at the beginning of the year I would bet all my money that the Hornets would have a winning record  It's not like the Wolves are any better. Wolves have solid players as well but you can't say NO is bad without saying the Wolves are also bad
bshowers79::Robin Lopez as most improved??? Nah, never. Dude averages FIVE rebounds a game. For a 7 footer that is downright sad.
dwighthowardsamazing::No he doesn't he said knee injury faking lemonhead was a beast
bradwinsall::wait though, your making an argument that you had some injuries and that's to blame for your record yet acting as if Minny has none? Do you watch basketball?
dwighthowardsamazing::Gordon been a beast? Come on watch the games he has been awful he has only shot over 40% 1 time since he came back and aminu has led the team in minutes every time in this win streak coincidence... I think not he is the x factor and our most important player
MGrey C1::Using your whole bench in a win, that's too many players ~Spo
bradwinsall::this is gonna get ugly quick. might as well look for a new coach as well. last years cleansing wasn't enough. new owner, new gm, new coach, new PF. cursed team. target center build on an indian burial ground or something? someone should check that $@%!.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::Kinda think maybe they should have taken the Love for Gay trade.  David Kahn absolutely needs to go.  Frankly the only untouchables should be Pek and Rubio.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::True, I also forgot Shved.  Besides those four everyone else can get lost.
bradwinsall::AK has been a god send as well, they would be worst record in the league w/o him.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::Totally agree, this season went down the drain about as fast as I have ever seen any teams.  I almost think they need to get rid of everyone but Pek and Rubio at this point.
bradwinsall::he said he was here to win now. combined with khates tyraids is why they made all the moves. i guess i don't blame for being with his wife if shes seriously ill but no idea if thats really the issue or hes just like a screw it. this team and its fans have been thru way more than its equal share.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::I agree with pretty much everything, not sure I can rip Adelman too much for not being there though.  They say that his wife is apparently seriously ill, I can't blame him for being with her.  Although I totally agree about Adelman leaving, Ive always felt like he was as you said "here to win now" and would leave us the second we hit a rough patch right now.  We will see what happens.
bradwinsall::boot adelman too. hes not even there. hes old and wants to "win now" well that ain't happening. i could see him bailing on the squad just like KHate. glen taylor wants to sell the team. well do it quick. then maybe we can resign KG for a year or 2, a player with some heart.
dwighthowardsamazing::Which team
bradwinsall::true i didn't say which team but I did say target center. the wolves.
dwighthowardsamazing::People can keep dodging facts and try to say ballhogging lemonhead Gordon is the reason for this winning streak but look it up aminu led the team in minutes these last 4 wins... Now by no means is he better than Gordon or Davis or Vasquez or Anderson but he is the x factor and our most important player with his energy and rebounding ability and tough defense
nickb92693::I would compare the way the hornets are winning right now to what the pacers did a year ago. Not depending on one individual player to carry the load, but a team full of role players putting up respectable numbers adding up to a great team performance. If Gordon and/ or Davis stick around and blossom into stars, and the rest of the team keeps playing like this, the hornets might be fighting for home court in the playoffs in future years. It would be great to see as a New Orleans native.
Greg Oden PayDay Loan Spokesmen::Jesus Christ this kid vasquez is averaging a double double these last 4 games. Hornets are on a damn winning streak and I don't think it will stop at 5...
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::I went to a frat party at the University of Maryland when I was living out there, it was the same time that Vasquez was going to school there.  Really cool guy, met him a couple times.   Anyways at the party there we are standing and I sh.it you not some as.shole thought it would be funny to pi.ss off the balcony on people.  Who does he hit....... Grievous Vasquez...... Absolutely soaked him.  True story.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::I swear it's absolutely true.  I can't remember the frat name but it was the annual Cinco de Mayo party that would get hundreds of people.  Good times... good times.  I really did feel bad for the guy though, everyone knew what had happened.    Edit:  It was the Alpha Gama Rho South Seas party, I believe it was 2006 lol.
giganticdogs::Lol I hope that's true.  Too funny.
BrinyBaird024::And to this day, Vasquez will never stand under a balcony true story bro.
Poor Oregon::New Orleans won? How many points did CP3 have?
MARK_A_FAHRENBACHER::0 dummy.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::See you later Wolves fans. Let's not worry about this, we will come back. Go Wolves!
dwighthowardsamazing::And I have to say of all the cat avatars of wolves fans yours is the best Tyler
dwighthowardsamazing::Not without Ricky playing big minutes
GeorgeTownDC29::Hornets making a run led by a Vasquez
VikingsRavensMN::Wow pathetic... $@%!$@% wolves..
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::<b><b></b></b>
giganticdogs::Meow
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::giganticdogs - Meow
GMEN.DYNASTY12::lol will austin rivers even be invited to the rookie game during ther allstar break?
Skylander14::Not a chance
Skylander14::Why did Pek only get 29 min in this game?
Tpupnation22::No $@%!. I hate Stiemsma. He is unbelievably annoying when he is on the floor. Does not do $@%! other than turn the ball over and foul people.
MiamiMagicCity::And hornets fans.. dont let the owner name that team the pelicans.. smh
SdotPaul504::As a fan I really dont care. Tom Benson stepped in &amp; brought this team keeping us here for another decade or so. He can name this team whatever he wants
BowDownToLSU::Benson has really stepped up....I hope is daughter keeps the team here when Tom retires
brieman272::hated that pelicans s h i t until i read your thread....GOOOOO PELICANS!!!!
MiamiMagicCity::as the consumer you do... just gotta be loud about it lol
Verin15::Trust me, if we had a choice, it wouldn't happen.
Tpupnation22::how are kevin love and rubio overrated? heres the deal they wont be a good team till next year. it really sucks to say but its the truth. Rubio has no trust in his knee right now and wont drive the lane even though he has shown he can if he wants to, and for k love he wont be ready till next year he needs to put in work over the summer again.
bradwinsall::pretty sure the wolves are giving out that 10% season tix discount then.
dwighthowardsamazing::Rubio overrated no Kevin love yes
Tpupnation22::Charles Barkley and Kerr both said k love is still the best power forward in the game when healthy
MiamiMagicCity::dunno why people are giving up on rivers so quickly, give the guy a couple of seasons before you label him anything other than a struggling rookie.. remember how much kobe sucked as a rookie.. ehem airball free throw
mntwolvesvikingswild::did we just lose to the pelicans?
Tpupnation22::T wolves had 8 and a half players. I Dont expect them to win a game with a not healthy Rubio. no Kevin love or Budinger or roy. just pathetic how much $@%! has gone wrong.
dwighthowardsamazing::I think he meant Ricky because he isn't playing the minutes he should
bradwinsall::lol who's the half? admunson?
flhomies::yeah they suck that bad...
flhomies::sorry sack of poop once again. T-wolves don't have a clue.. This is why people in minny don't sweat this club. They will suck every year.....Money in the bank!!
flhomies::not really bro. what are you implying??
Tpupnation22::what dude? lol you must be black.
dwighthowardsamazing::He called himself racis... I think
Tpupnation22::i guess its a bit racist.
Tpupnation22::not racist i have lots of black friends but you just kind of made no sense.
flhomies::no sir. im a white racist mo fo..
