Obi One Ginobili 20::Oklahoma teams, Ohio teams, and florida teams will,always be the disappointment to all sports. They will always be the.floor mat for the other teams to wipe their feet on
MorandoNoBrasil::sounds like someone needs to see a proctologist.  still butt-hurt are we?
No-account drifter::Other take-away, apologies to fans in SA who get to see them a lot, but Neal, Bonner, and Blair cannot defend NBA players at their positions. Blair is still a nice value for limited use as a banger, but Neal and Bonner don't come through in the clutch offensively, so they're pretty much useless for any kind of play-off run. Might as well try whatever you could get for them instead.
NOVABuffalo::Most Spurs fans aren't big Bonner fans.  He disappears come playoff time as well.
No-account drifter::I was there in pretty good seats. It looked like a simple story: Pistons played to the top of their potential, something they don't usually even approach. Spurs were flat beaten, but I think just about any team would have been by that effort. Even the crazy shots were falling for the Pistons. I can't say Manu and TD would have changed the outcome. Pistons were just too on fire. Tony was perhaps too tentative in driving for the basket, but I think Monroe had a lot to do with that. Pistons would like to hope they saw a glimpse of their future. Calderon helps make sense of their parts; they need a long-term guy like that.
NOVABuffalo::It's the NBA ... most of the teams have guys that can shoot.  It's just that most teams don't play as a team.  Sometimes shots fall, but most teams aren't going to shot as well as the Pistons did last night.
t casey::i gotta say, I didn't see us winning so convincingly even against a depleted Spurs team, but Monroe and Knight were great for the most part. And when they're both playing great we are a much better team. I'd still prefer to see Knight find his way back to the point in time, but I'll be happy with the win.
Alredy81::hey OKC and Laker fans talk to me when your team competes without 2 of their best HALL OF FAME PLAYERS its ridiculous if yall didnt have Durant and Westbrook and Lakers didnt have Kobe and Gasol or Howard theres no way u win 11 games in a row and im not a troll its just facts Spurs play team ball and system ball hell Lakers cant win at full strength its so funny how blind yalls fans are all weve been hearing about is gasol and howard injuries and if Spurs had injuries they have and they were LA or OKC media would be we would be media raped hearing about all the injureies but Spurs before last nights loss win with the team they have cause of the system leadership and coach its real basketball people its pathetic and you guys look so stupid but this is where LA fans just talk history and how they have 293 titles and OKC fans talk about how they are next best thing just wish there was real fans with respect if Spurs were garbage id take it and not troll with meaningless trash talking but time will tell i want LA OKC and whoever to be at full strengh if they meet up to be the best u gotta be the best good luck to all playoff teams.
Obi One Ginobili 20::Oklahoma teams, Ohio teams, and florida teams will,always be the disappointment to all sports. They will always be the.floor mat for the other teams to wipe their feet on
nba is the worst::Unusual timing for the Spurs, this usually happens at the end of road trips.  Huury back, Tim!
HeatManZE...........::enjoyed last nights game lollllllllllllllllll............
bamberg1977::The spurs took the game off vs. us. Thank you!
texican_10::Remy 88 thunderownwest= mamons
Jevers10::Good game, Pistons fans.  I honestly didn't think you'd even keep it close. Guess I was really wrong. Good game.
t casey::I say it a lot, but when Knight and Monroe are playing well together we are a different team. Hopefully they can get some consistency together and move the team forward. Either way, good game and good luck with the rest of the road trip.
A faixa azul::like the spurs were taking this game seriously. pop probably would have sat parker, leonard, &amp; green too if he wasnt going to be fined for it.
This_Guy1::Spurs come to Bulls next. Bulls will win.
nba is the worst::nets, then Bulls on the b2B
paschmidt499::Despite declining stats over the past couple years, this game should serve warning what life will be like with Tim D. in the middle.  Manu and Tony are nice players, but Duncan is and always has been the key to the Spurs success.
No-account drifter::I disagree. You're selling short how well the Pistons actually played - well to the point of being a bit over their heads, but their execution was great.
SIRFLYZINI::Maybe a warning to others. Spurs fan know what Duncan brings, and he will never be replaced. Sooner or later they will find another Big to step in his shoes . Its has been about 15 years since they drafted below pick 24.......(they got Leonard at 16 via trade for a proven player G.Hill). The front office of SA is tops in the NBA, and they will find a way to grow a new team when Timmy and Manu are gone.
paschmidt499::Yes Vaquero, declining stats.  Look it up.  Listen to the analysts.  Watch a game.  My point is that despite the declining stats, he is still a major presence in this league.   I know Spurs fans think that the team will be fine without Timmy because of coaching (if Pop even stays) and management, but I don't think they will ever find a replacement for the big man.  Best in the business.  A top 10 all-time player.  Guys like Timmy don't come around all that often...once a decade maybe.
Vaquero In The House::pasc - Despite declining stats?  For you information the Spurs' game has changed in the last couple of seasons from a defensive powerhouse to a more offensive oriented team, reason the speed of its players.  Warning?  Are you stupid or something, let this game teach you that there are no undeafed teams in the NBA &amp; every team in the league has a night off,
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Some one should tell the spurs it's not the post-season. No reason to start choking now.
Vaquero In The House::Choke?  Well, maybe you're right!  Define Choke:  When a team loses to an opponent.  Write a sentence using choke:  Did the Thunder "choke" against the Heat last season?  Why yes they didn't OKC fans!         Question:  Is Durant still sitting atop the stadium rafters this season?  If so, somebody please get him down, it's gonna be awhile before they win anything, so until then, the Thunder don't own crap.
oicurak9::Till the Thunder go the distance, you had better zip it.
mccoy3181::Should we say the same thing to the thunder?
tmoneyinmphs::A loss to detroit?
dspdevildog::Damn.  Now the Spurs come to Chicago all pissed off...thanks Detroit.
SIRFLYZINI::Oh wow  from a Thunder fan. Winners of nothing...Ever.. The Thunder showed you exactly what soft is. Did you watch the finals last year? They moved right over for Lebron and the Heat to win it all.
mccoy3181::Thank you
SIRFLYZINI::HA Spurs soft????Soft is a mentality. Spurs have the best mentality in the NBA.
mccoy3181::Spurs arent soft.  Teams can lose to anyone in the NBA.  The Thunder have played some terrible games.  It happens but you are so far up Durants a$$ to see it.
MitchRapp29::Doesn't mean they're not soft. Granted all teams are soft compared to the 80's and 90's but the West is more soft, as a whole. Fact.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::They are soft nothing to worry about. Bulls are physical they will bang up on the spurts. Since the flopping is getting fined( thank god).Spurts no longer have that to keep a team from being physical.
Obi One Ginobili 20::Thunder will not win the finals. Fact
Vaquero In The House::You want some spurts just open you mouth.
KoRReaction::Drummond's out 4 - 6 weeks just reported.
Dr_Agnostic::The "real" Piston fans knew before anyone had the sack to "report" anything...  It's a "Gosh-darned" shame...
Mad31nD3troit::@KoR no it was actually well stated he would be out 4-6 weeks before the game even started, and even during the game it was on the espn bottomline so no it wasnt a set time at 4:35 am
KoRReaction::Is that a feeble attempt to attack my fandom? Go troll somewhere else if it was.   Of course we all knew he wasn't well. But we didn't have a set time like that until now. I just hope it's not going too be a thing that lingers through out the rest of his career.
DTownSportsLions::Really Great Game by the \Stones.
Obi One Ginobili 20::TD 4 &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;	KD 000000000000000000000000
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Lmao did he really just say that. Tim over KD, I'm starting to think Texas must have some of the best drugs in the world.
remy 88::Not in his best year and KD on his worst. Tin man is okay, but on a lower tier.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Dang Spurs fans you weren't kidding. The only thing I can enjoy about being a Pistons fan is that we don't get trolled anymore because we suck lol. Pathetic Lakers fans...
Dr_Agnostic::We battle more than just "sports disappointment"...  :)  So, yes...  we are "probably" "better" than most...
remy 88::Are Pistons fans as good as Lions and Tigers fans? They leave a better impression on me, honestly.
Obi One Ginobili 20::Lakers fans like slam_dunk are morons. But the.pistons im cool b/c larry brown coached that team
Obi One Ginobili 20::Oklahoma teams, Ohio teams, and florida teams will,always be the disappointment to all sports. They will always be the.floor mat for the other teams to wipe their feet on
ZRatedLT4::Ok... but who held the door for us when we brought the broom back in from the porch??
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::What an idiot, obi put down the crack pipe. You are burnt up bad.
Matty Ice Ice Romo::ok well let's look at professional championships then...  Rockets - '94 &amp; '95, Spurs '99, 2003, 2005, 2007, Mavs 2011....Ohio basketball teams = 0 with 1 team relocated (Cincinnati Kings). Only 1 trip to the Finals and swept by the Spurs in 2007!  Cowboys = 5 Superbowls....Browns &amp; Bengals = 0 combined!  Stars '99 Stanley Cup. Blue Jackets = 0!  Astros &amp; Rangers = 0 World Series, Indians &amp; Reds combined = 7  do the math....that's Texas = 13 titles, and Ohio teams = 7.  Goodbye now!
remy 88::Welcome to our country. I guess you're probably a first generation immigrant or something.
remy 88::pretty sure Ohio and Florida also has more NCAA national championship in both as well, but not positive on basketball and Ohio.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Ohio State also got caught lying to the NCAA...
remy 88::Right....How do you figure? We're already contenders on our NBA team when it took the Spurs 25 years. OU has more football national championships than all of Texas combined. OSU has more basketball national championships than all of Texas combined...
Obi One Ginobili 20::Spurs 4 &gt;	Okc 0 Fact.
remy 88::and we're not figuring in Ohio and Florida yet
CamOverRG3::Spurs defense is atrocious
Obi One Ginobili 20::Like that name. Cuz cam will never be as good as rg111 and carolina is a disappointment in all sports along with oklahoma, ohio, and florida
AustinBeal::Well I'm off this page. Better luck on Sunday for the Spurs.   Remy, you're alright, even though you're a Thunder fan.   Go Spurs Go!
remy 88::*salute* I hope we hit 40 wins first.
remy 88::They are the wild card, or we might be tied by Valentine's Day.
AustinBeal::Not like it really matters, but I hope the Spurs get there on Sunday in Brooklyn
Obi One Ginobili 20::My bad. Spurs have 4 &amp; oklahoma sh!tty have none. Case close
remy 88::I don't even know what case you're talking about. I doubt you do either.
AustinBeal::Lol I was kinda wondering that one too
remy 88::I'm actually disappointed by the class of the current Spurs fans here versus how I wanted to troll the crap out of a few of yall's aholes.
Vaquero In The House::remy - @zzholes like you are a dime a dozen, talk a lot of crap yet the team they root for hasn't done a damn thing &amp; they suck.  You must be slam dunk under a different name, irregardless go fk yourself.
AustinBeal::So you're dissapointed that we're classy? If you wanted trashy, just go on a lakers board.
remy 88::I understand. Yall have some obnoxious aholes though. td4mvp spizurs another one that's like underscore something...
AustinBeal::Lol gotcha every great team has some of those guys. We had some other Thunder fans being pretty annoying earlier. And we also had this one Laker fan that is trolling our pages religiously every game.
remy 88::haha. There's just a few guys that irk me who are Spurs fans. I'm disappointed they're not here, because they're on our boards as long as we don't win by double digits.
remy 88::We have a short playoff history, but what we've accomplished, we've ONLY lost to the eventual NBA champion every year. Only one we've not avenged the next year also...
CU11mdupnic::it should be a good matchup if the spurs meet okc in the playoffs
remy 88::Yeah, his shooting motion starts damn near at his navel. If it started near his neck, he's be a supertar. He just gives that extra half second.
remy 88::Honestly, part because KMart echoes what everyone else says and I know they say this about SAS is that it's a first class organization from top to bottom. And he wants to stay here. It does make a difference to a lot of guys.
AustinBeal::He's got a weird form, but he's a dangerous shooter
remy 88::I'll always love the Beard. KMart's been awesome. Just as good in the role, honestly. Kmart comes in off the bench, aggressive, takes on responsibility even as the primary scorer, has the goods, delivers. For sentimental reasons, I wish it was Harden, but we're so fortunate with KMart.
CU11mdupnic::opinion on the harden trade?
remy 88::Fine. Spurs are the least favorable matchup, but that's partly because so many teams (GS, LAC, MEM) are going downhill so fast.
Ameero80::Al Jefferson or Demarcus Cousins to the spurs?
CU11mdupnic::i heard cousins was off limits
SPIZURS::both for Bonner
SPIZURS::Oklahomo sChITY fan, when u accomplish something please feel free to troll, otherwise S T F U
AustinBeal::Winning the west is an accomplishment in my book, but losing to the Heat, that's disappointing.
AustinBeal::Heh, well maybe OKC will just overlook the Spurs and get their bell rung.
remy 88::Not at all. Not a remote threat.
AustinBeal::Well, it's not bad, but we're still in a good position to win #5
remy 88::then what do you count the last four years for youselves? because it's much less glamorous, for sure.
remy 88::gone past yall. glad you think that's not an accomplishment.
Vaquero In The House::remy 88 - so you hold your team in such low esteem? interesting.  That's what's expected of the Spurs, you got to bring the Iron home, a moron like you wouldn't understand.
remy 88::so you hold your team in such low esteem? interesting.
SPIZURS::Championship = accomplishment
CU11mdupnic::its cute that thats the best youve done
AustinBeal::Remy 88 just said that Tony Parker has gone downhill badly. What the hell have you been watching that made you think that? He's been one of the best players in the league this year, he has career high's in points, assists and FG%. Future HOFer at this rate
remy 88::sorry, top six
remy 88::It's so cute that 20 PPG is a career high for him, but it's  actually not. Not that his actual highest is all that impressive. Durant is at 29.
AustinBeal::That's the difference between Westbrook and Parker. Westbrook never seems to catch on and will do his own thing from time to time. Parker almost always takes a good shot, and the only wild shots he takes are at the rim and he makes them more than half the time so I can't complain. Westbrook is an incredible talent without a doubt, but he's just too inconsistent for my taste. I'll respect him though
remy 88::LOL. He only did that two times tonight. On b-2-b possessions. Russ has been boss as $@%! this season. Brooks took a TO and he came back in and he continued to boss. He needs management, but he's an unreal beast.
AustinBeal::He also averages more turnovers per assist. And the way he hogs the ball for 15 seconds and then takes a bad shot is just awful, I wouldn't be able to stand a guy like that.
remy 88::He averages more points and more assist than Parker. More rebounds. Russ is closer to being MVP than Tony Parker.
AustinBeal::Westbrook has to take 25 shots to score all those points. He's pretty inconsistent and he averages around 43% from the field while Parker is around 54%
remy 88::actually we have two of the top five scorers in the league. But thanks for trying.
CU11mdupnic::apples and oranges
AustinBeal::Well Parker has always had teammates that can help score. Durant has to score or else the Thunder are fucked
CU11mdupnic::i love when someone makes a post and instantly you see all their credibility vanish
SPIZURS::LOL, Oklahomo fan in here after we lose talking like this matters in the long run.
remy 88::if yall won, you'd be in our room if we won or not
remy 88::This is only like my third time tops. Glad I left an impression.
AustinBeal::Me either, maybe like once, but I'm not a usual troll like remy here
remy 88::you shouldn't
CU11mdupnic::never been on an okc board
howdytharrr::okc = spurs little bros its all good though
Vaquero In The House::remy 88 - we've gone farther in the playoffs 3 years now &amp; yet have nothing to show for it, except me talking out of my @zz.  I'm sorry Spur fans.
CU11mdupnic::you are amazing i dont think anyone has ever had the balls to call the spurs coattail riders
remy 88::we've gone farther in the playoffs 3 years now.
CU11mdupnic::hahaha what have you done to out do us?
remy 88::We're not related. Don't try to ride coattails, we've outdone you.
howdytharrr::OKC fans are hilarious  Presti is a Spurs guy trying to recreate the SPURS franchise in OKC you're welcome
remy 88::Is he? I could swear he's cashing OKC checks. Shoulda paid him not Ginobli.
remy 88::outdoing yall's @ss
howdytharrr::he's a disciple Pop is the master
AustinBeal::Presti was a product of RC Buford's genius. OKC just offered him the job because they knew that he learned from the best. Don't flatter yourself.
Spurs4TitlesRockets2TitlesMavs1Title Texas Basketball Rocks::Spurs still got the best record in the the West!
remy 88::better than your lead in the overall record.
remy 88::by 1/2 game. and OKC has a better record against teams better than .500
CU11mdupnic::you realize this is all opinion, right? its not fact
Spurs4TitlesRockets2TitlesMavs1Title Texas Basketball Rocks::yet the Spurs lead the west. You saying?
remy 88::I'll talk now. Because we're better.
Spurs4TitlesRockets2TitlesMavs1Title Texas Basketball Rocks::talk to me when OKC has rings.
CU11mdupnic::"OKC has a better record against teams better than .500"  barely its only by one game.
remy 88::Who got swept? We got this. We damn sure got yall.
Spurs4TitlesRockets2TitlesMavs1Title Texas Basketball Rocks::lol no comment
Spurs4TitlesRockets2TitlesMavs1Title Texas Basketball Rocks::which team has the rings?
remy 88::Spurs have no chance against OKC. NONE!
boomer6227::Whatever ^^Troll
AustinBeal::How do you figure?
CU11mdupnic::nba.com had parker at three in the mvp thing they did
remy 88::I've NEVER heard Parker in an MVP conversation! I useta hear CP3 and Melo, but I've never heard of TP in an MVP conversation from anyone.  As far as the Splitter thing, that happened in the 2ND QUARTER of game two as a protest thing because the refs were absolutely screwing us at the time.
AustinBeal::Okay I can already call this illegitimate because you said Parker is going downhill. Parker is having the best season of his career and is getting MVP recognition. Jackson still has some game and can play defense in Durant about as well as anyone in the league. I think only LeBron can play better D on Durant. And there's no way Ibaka shoots 12-12 again, or whatever he had in that one game. Splitter has greatly improved his free throws so y'all can't hack him anymore. It's gonna be a good series.
remy 88::Ginobli and Parker have gone downhill badly. Stephen Jackson, who was the key in game 1 &amp; 2 flat out sucks. They'll never replicate that 3 point shooting in the first 2.5 games. No chance.
MijoMartinez::Oh no!! Not the dirty dozen! Whoa who is Greg Monroe? Nice work
SPIZURS::spurs been trying to get him for a minute
SPIZURS::does anybody realize the source of slurp_spunk_from_u's hate is because Manu banged his sis 4 years ago??? im serious
Obi One Ginobili 20::Ive respected the pistons always because larry brown coached them. And larry brown is amazing. Im so glad the.pistons gave the fakers an a**	whoppin in 04
SPIZURS::slam_dunk = biggest troll in history
howdytharrr::troll HOF for sure
djdirtyantwan::I'm calling it now Raps or Pistons sneak into the 8th seed by season end.
Obi One Ginobili 20::Lakers are 1 &amp; DONE IN THE.PLAYOFFS. Oh wait... Theyre not going to the playoffs.
Obi One Ginobili 20::1. Spurs     4 8. Rockets  1  1. Spurs 4 5. Warriors 2  1. Spurs 4 3. Clippers 1  1.  Spurs 4 1.  Heat 3  MVP: Tony Parker
slam_dunk_on_u::only in your wildest dreams
ardaleviel::slam, travesty
Obi One Ginobili 20::Lol i knew youd be the first pr!ck to respond
4480William::On this date 30 years ago, second year Piston guard Isiah Thomas recorded his first NBA Triple Double in a loss at the Spurs.  Thomas scored 46 points on 14 of 24 shooting, had 10 assists and 11 rebounds while Detroiter George Gervin scored 41 for the Spurs.
Obi One Ginobili 20::Scampunk. Did you like it when the 49ers lost the superbowl?
AustinBeal::i never noticed that he was a 49er fan, he probably hopped on the bandwagon about 5 weeks ago
Obi One Ginobili 20::Always beeen a niner bandwagon?
slam_dunk_on_u::always been a 49ers fan....
Obi One Ginobili 20::I didnt notice either. Its pretty obvious he jumped on the bandwagon like clippy fans jumping on the lac bandwagon this year.
slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts have nightmares every night just with the tought of drawing the Lakers in the first round of the playoffs because they know deep down that beating the Lakers is almost an impossible task!   We are talking playoffs sons...not regular season (where you thrive)
howdytharrr::the lakers are at an end of an era point in franchise history...dysfunctional team, over the hill superstar who can't play with anyone, idiot owner...good luck
AustinBeal::you talk out of your ass more than anyone i have ever known,
Obi One Ginobili 20::24-27. You will not be in the playoffs.
Tiagoooo::Nash and D'antoni are bonified playoff losers.   So enjoy and good luck with that!  EDIT: whoops sorry, I forgot Lakers are not even in the playoffs if they started today.  My bad.
Obi One Ginobili 20::Havent seen alwhino in a while
AustinBeal::atleast alwhino doesn't try giving reasons why the Spurs suck, because he knows the Spurs are good
howdytharrr::i miss that dude
AustinBeal::Hey Slam just admit it, you wish the Lakers could be as good as the Spurs, i understand.
ardaleviel::creo que Slam tiene un poster de los Spurs en su habitacion, yo se que el nos admira lol
SteeleKen::look up Lakers vs San Antonio in H2H playoffs and get back to us...Lakers OWN SA..deal with that...
AustinBeal::he can't even say they own us in the regular season, nobody has a winning H2H record in the regular season against the Spurs
howdytharrr::the past is a fun place to live
Obi One Ginobili 20::Not anymore son. Look at your pathetic teams record. Then you can talk
Obi One Ginobili 20::39-12 &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;	24-27
t casey::Even minus TD and Ginobli I thought this was gonna be an uphill climb tonight, but Monroe and Knight were great. As per the usual, when they play well together, we're a much better team. I still hope Knight can find his way back to pg at some point, but I'll be happy with the w.
AustinBeal::y'all looked like a playoff team tonight. it's a shame that y'all had a poor start, because if you play anywhere near as good as you did tonight, then you could be a tough team
slam_dunk_on_u::Some time ago, I quoted a message from an australian fans stating that the spurts didn't win anything with the Aron baynes signing, he is nothing more than an energy guy who hustles and eventually gets a block or two..... but certainly not worthy of the money the spurts are paying him and not worthy of any NBA Playing time....Now I realized that those words by these fans are true. and right on the money!
ardaleviel::from Dominican Republic,  español poco ingles
Obi One Ginobili 20::Do,you like living in your parents basement?
ardaleviel::callese pendejo, soy dominicano idiota
SteeleKen::keep using that google translator $@%!$ bag...LOL
AustinBeal::lol i like this guy^
AustinBeal::I doubt that you even read anything from an australian fan so i think you're bullishitting there. and he's making league minimum, so he's not really a high risk signing. Plus he's still gotta figure out the system, he's only been here about 10 days. Nobody will make a serious impact in such a short amount of time.
ardaleviel::oyeme splitter no era jugador hace unos años, y pov lo hizo y a mejorado un mundo ese muchacho, este europeo baynes a de cojer el ritmo dale tiempo, enfocate en tus lakers y en Kobe que despues de viejo se a puesto de chismoso hablando pendejadas, ya no sabe que decir... pufff
AustinBeal::go back to bed
SteeleKen::wow, como se dice BANDWAGON fan...? New England to San Antonio to Duke...let's just pick the top of the top each year, eh' hombre??? hablan en englis puto....
slam_dunk_on_u::go back to mexico
Ohh Kay See::I was watching the spurs and can't help but notice that Gary Neal should be traded, Nando deserves more playing time, and they could use a better big than blair and bonner off the bench
ardaleviel::we'll really be Al or millisap
AustinBeal::I just don't like Gary as a PG, he's more of a SG, an yeah I like Nando too. Baynes is supposed to help our front court, but it might not happen until next year when he gets fully integrated in the system
Hondo Kid::Have a good weekend everyone.  Have fun be safe.  Go Spurs
ThunderHornz::Back at ya except-go THUNDER! Good health!
