dwighthowardsamazing::When does d rose come back I know he started cutting
Alejandra7788::I see espn finally got it right, it was a 3 game losing streak, not 4
littleevilll::Tank for draft picks. Beating the Bucks in the regular season means SHTTTTT in the big picture. CHicago is about titles. DRO needs help longterm.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Good win, Boozer and Ham got it done.
Tradin War Stories::Marquis Teague... When this guy going to get playing time???
Jaguarcrazyboy::When he is ready. Teague will be a pretty nice guard but he is still young and learning the ropes.
Jaywashing::If/when Nate or Hinrich is injured.  Or if/when he's traded elsewhere.  Or next season, as Thibs rarely plays his rookies and Teague has looked particularly raw.
fairandbalanced00::....Was there a boozer sighting in this game?? Is it once every 25 games booz shows up??
TH13beast::Good, solid win BULLS!  GO BULLS, See Red
Mr. Bradford::The game was pretty close and pretty solid. Bucks played well, but the Bulls just didn't let up. Bucks kept a tight first half, but the Bulls just kept moving and managed to ever so slightly pull away in the second half. Bucks discipline didn't help out either, sending the Bulls to the line wayyy to many times.
tigel18::why doesn't radmonavich or whatever his name is ever play?  Is he that bad?  He use to be pretty decent.
TH13beast::He just doesnt really fit the system, the bulls dont need a PF that shoots 3's
Mr. Bradford::Hamilton played way to well to be taken out and Hinrich wasn't bad himself.
tigel18::Him and marco are very similar.  Marco is pretty much useless right now, so I was thinking maybe give Rads a shot.
Mr. Bradford::The Bucks played pretty good too. 7 less team turnovers, Jennings looked good, Ellis wasn't bad, Udrih, Sanders and Udoh contributed well (17 rebounds between the 3) but the offense is tending to decline as the game goes along. Like the 6 point lead against the Heat with like 4 to go in the game that just evaporated.   Maybe after the 3rd quarter, Skiles gives the team a Red Bull?
Mr. Bradford::I still really like the Bucks, but give kudos to the Bulls in this game. 25 for 26 at the line is terrific! Boozer was amazing having 19 rebounds, which was only 3 short of his total points scored. The Bulls out rebounded the Bucks by 14, twice the offensive rebounds (giving the Bulls a ton of extra chances) and just played great team ball.  Good game, Bulls
ahwickman::Boozer is absolutely maddening.  1 game he can't hit the broad side of the barn or defend his Grandmother.  In another  he shows why they signed him.  Don't understand this. Several things are for sure for Bulls to" be competitive" this year (and yes they are 1 or 2 players away from  being able to compete for a championship... Mirotect and a legit SG...so it ain't happening this year):  1. They need Bellinelli to come around.  He is an efficient scorer but he's got to do the other things needed to get minutes and be a factor. 2. Hinrich has to score an average of 9-10/game and continue his Assist, and Reb numbers (along with the D which people don't see. 3. Richard Hamilton is the guy we got.  You can't talk about the guys we don't got.  He has to continue to score.  Has shown positive signs so far this year.  Finally,they can pick up a vet at the minimum now. What does Redd have left in the tank? If the guy can still shoot take a flyer on him. This team is totally inadequate at scoring 3's which opens the floor up.
PSHS_football::Even with Rose healthy this isn't a championship team.    And if you look in the history of the NBA, how many teams have won a championship having  a PG who shoots 30 times a game?  It's never happened.   Closest would be Iverson, who also had the DPOY and 6th man of the year and still didn't win.  Who do the Bulls have?  LOL, DENG?  Boozer?
TH13beast::Last time i checked Deng is an all-star, and this team can be a chamionship team
tigel18::move DRose to SG, and let Teague dribble it up the court.  Problem solved.
TH13beast::There is a reason Teague isnt playing, he isnt NBA Ready yet, they have him playing in the D-League some this season
Alejandra7788::You're right, thanks a lot captain obvious -__-
mercedsAMG1977::Using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I make around 2-3K a month just following it. You can find more about this system by googling the words Sports Betting System.
iamespnnumber11::nice basketball trick shot LOL  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ItMCluuCC4
zags 79::You know what's crazy? Even in a down year like this, the Bulls are still gonna win the Central, for whatever winning the division is worth in the NBA, nothing but still screw you Indiana and Milwaukee
lakers2013champsssz::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFEhJfUcD1Q for chi-town
Khaos0924::now where is this Nanrad_91 bull fan but obessed with Lin's overrated hype and contract tonite?
Matthew Tharp::This was a good win for the bulls, maybe this will get them going on a good winning streak. It will be nice once Rose gets back, but until then they need to continue to play hard on both ends of the court.
run_this_town::bulls are a bore fest. they are the eastern conference version of the spurs in terms of being able to watch.zzzzzzzzzzz
dwighthowardsamazing::I think that's fun to watch but I guess I'm a hardcore old-school fan and like fundamentals in stead of all that clipper flash
tt123son::Ik, because they look for the open man instead of iso off dribble  and would rather play tough d than give up a high-flying dunk.
nigsjizzer::bulls blo dix
run_this_town::jennings done for season
Sherriann Ryan::when the bulls win i am happy
epamobsta650::harrison barnes http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1r6xtta-7g
Kit Ramsey::U don't need 10 guys playing every game, u need a solid 8 guys to win in the playoffs, when D.Rose gets back, they will have that. And it's still early in the season, the Bulls are just trying to find what works and with who, but they will be fine.
Kit Ramsey::Any more stupid fans mentioning that sorry a-z-z former bench mob and i'm going to puke. They didn't get it done in the playoffs in the 2 years they were in Chi town, so GOOD RIDDANCE! Bulls moving on.
JackieMoonsexxxy::I am glad Korver and Watson left. But I missed our big man Asik and destroy, Brewer too.
btpkk::I cant watch this boring team anymore and i have been watching them since 1990 I know we don't have Rose but i really miss the role players like Brewer,Lucas,Asik,Korver,watson
cgt1983::Oh yeah Kit, forgot to add...have fun rooting for your boy Bynum assuming you're a Philly fan.  LOL.
Kit Ramsey::I'm a Bulls fan u jack a-z-z.
Kit Ramsey::Go ahead, nobody gives a damn u moron, and u can easily get the NBA package and watch all your famous bench scrubs who couldn't beat the 76ers in live action, good riddance.
chicago d rose::lol buck nuts
cgt1983::Shut up Kit you bunghole!  Go lick some Buck nuts.
JackieMoonsexxxy::I bet you didn't watch the Tim Floyd era as that was the most boring of all
KN_WisconsinFan::How did Tracy Rose do today?
DatGuy8921::Five bucks the Booze Cruise gets raided by Somali pirates before next game.
Kit Ramsey::It's about time Thibs stuck to his starters in the 4th qtr. and put a leash on Robinson in the process, and i'd like to see Boozer and Taj in there at the same time, that seems to balance the floor.
JackieMoonsexxxy::4 GAMES SKID? Really? ESPN wake up!!! Its enough SAS and Bayless providing as non sense and false information.
MurdogMurray34::why does this article say the Bulls snapped a four game losing streak?  they had a 3 game losing streak before winning tonight.  someone needs to fix that
chicago d rose::i'll fix it
cordillavirus54::*ALL ABOARD THE BOOZE CRUISE*
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Bulls vs Celts ECF bound this year
cgt1983::I'm a huge Bulls fan but even I'm realistic.  Bulls will probably make it to the 2nd round at best.  Next year &amp; the year after we have a better shot.  Miami Heat takes the East.  Call me crazy, but I think Miami will meet Boston in the 2nd round, and face New York in the ECF this year.  Miami will win the East &amp; probably repeat for the title.  I don't want them to, but it is what it is.
Rip City Forever::So how is John Henson doing for u guys? (In a non insulting way)
Kit Ramsey::Damn i forgot about the first rd. draft pick, must be a bust.
DatGuy8921::DERRICK ROSE HAS TO BEAT PRESIDENT OBAMA IN A GAME OF HORSE IF HE WANTS TO BE NBA CHAMPION.  -Stephen A Smith
DatGuy8921::I agree.  -Skip Bayless
Jive88::Can't wait to watch Da Bears drop into 3rd place tomorrow! Should be fun watching ol' pudding brain slingin' picks again!
Neil826::the vikings are horrible, the lions have a better chance of beating the bears.
chicago d rose::is that ron jeremy?
BadgersBucksPackers::Could be a 3 way tie in the NFCN after tomorrow.
J webb nation::Are the twolves just trying to field an all white team to be funny or something
BadgersBucksPackers::Larry Bird secretly runs that team.
BadgersBucksPackers::Ilyasova &gt; Bandwagon Heat Fans
BadgersBucksPackers::Politics &gt; Ilyasova
Sherriann Ryan::jason thompson for the kings has become a nice strech 4
J webb nation::I was talking to a heat fan the other day and he even admitted this year has been kinda boring Without rose. The nba needs rose.
stickgril::nah, its more fun to watch the Lakers fail
Derrick - Ow I Tore My ACL Get the Stretcher - Rose::LMAO.
BABY..IGGY..::well the heat fan on this board is not a "heat fan" he's a trashy bandwagoner
Derrick - Ow I Tore My ACL Get the Stretcher - Rose::Good win Bulls. Y'all got lucky.  From a Heat fan.
I Want To Go Higher::I miss the days of heat fans trolling our forum made the games much more interesting to listen to
Nanrad_91::Derrick - Ow I Tore My ACL Get the Stretcher - Rose - A lot of them left since Rose isn't around. I'm the sole survivor.  lmao.
Derrick - Ow I Tore My ACL Get the Stretcher - Rose::A lot of them left since Rose isn't around. I'm the sole survivor.
Nanrad_91::Luck? Or we just executed well down the stretch.
Derrick - Ow I Tore My ACL Get the Stretcher - Rose::Yeah. But they couldn't close.
Nanrad_91::So, you are saying they should have beat the Heat???
Derrick - Ow I Tore My ACL Get the Stretcher - Rose::Nah, Bucks just choked. Just like they did against the heat.
BABY..IGGY..::*From a bandwagon trashy loser
Derrick - Ow I Tore My ACL Get the Stretcher - Rose::HA HA HA.
CutlerToMarshallAllDayAndNight2012::lol needed a last second comeback to beat the 3-9 Cavs at home.... Pathetic
Nanrad_91::Of course, only the Heat wold stage close games.
Derrick - Ow I Tore My ACL Get the Stretcher - Rose::LOL we staged it dumass
J webb nation::Lol @ your name
Derrick - Ow I Tore My ACL Get the Stretcher - Rose::i know, catchy ain't it?
Sherriann Ryan::is nate's contract ungaranteed
DogOnLoose_2::not guaranteed, if im not mistaken
Kit Ramsey::Correct.
Sherriann Ryan::man i can't spell that word
J webb nation::The entire bulls roster is built around the pg  Teague could get his points cus the system is just built that way. And even I could get six assists out ther with the way rip is shooting. The question can he hold his own on the defensive end.
Kit Ramsey::I guess we will never know. Because Thibs is in love with Robinson.
CutlerToMarshallAllDayAndNight2012::Just got finishing watch the ND game so didn't even watch this... But how the hell did the Bucks lose to us at Home?? lol
cgt1983::Pretty easy for Bulls fans to take over the Bradley &amp; make it United Center North.  Especially for Bulls fans in Chicago's north &amp; northwest suburbs, as well as former Chicago area folk that now reside in places like Kenosha and also the Milwaukee area.  I traveled up to Milwaukee for both games last year.  Couldn't do it this year.  I'm sure I would've tried if Rose was playing though.
Alvin8298::been that way since jordans rookie year
Nanrad_91::This has been the norm for two years. lol
BABY..IGGY..::there were more bulls fans than bucks fans... AGAIN
BABY..IGGY..::Hey, J Webb, i'll take your spot on the o-line, im only 5 but I can shut people down like no other
J webb nation::Shut down your face
Jive88::Bucks should offer Ersan/Dalembert/First round DP to Washington for Nene/Crawford
BadgersBucksPackers::WNBA &gt; Ilyasova
BadgersBucksPackers::Tebow &gt; Ilyasova
J webb nation::I think Teague could avg 14 and 6 if he started.
Kit Ramsey::Actually, i think he can average 10 and 7 easily with 30 minutes a game.
I Want To Go Higher::dont you have to more important things to worry about like blocking Allen tomorrow?
J webb nation::I eat thunder and crap lightning  I'll make him my b.itch
Sherriann Ryan::that is going a bit to far
