Friend S. Wilkins::I didn't think my Pistons had a chance at beating Miami!
JH::While I don't think the Pistons are going to be a top team anytime soon.  I do like the core they have and the huge lineup in the back court.  Definitely a step in the right direction for you guys and congrats on the victory.
KMike::Drummond is a beast, but he's got to be better from the line.  When he stays on the floor and avoids early foul trouble, they can play on both ends of the court. I like the way they pushed the ball for three quarters.The negatives were the turnovers and the lack of ball movement offensively in the fourth quarter.
Christian::I didn't even watch the game but that game was supposed to be closer than it was and besides the Heat are better than that because the Pistons are only 7-10 and the Heat are 14-3 but there goes that 34 game winning streak and they were at home and they are basically unbeatable at home and should winning against people like the Pistons and did you see them almost lose against the Charlotte Bobcats.
Boo_Boo::Without Wade, Miami Heat's offense is not clicking.
Commenter::Wow Piston fans be like "we are going to the finals".  Nice job beating the Wadeless Heat but we count our wins and loses in JUNE.  They were on a 10 game win streak and beat no body above 500 who cares, this is the worst season maybe ever in the eastern conference and the Pistons can't stay above .500 so chill on out DETROIT...BASKETBALL.
I State Facts And You Get Mad::Battier in the past 6 games has scored 24 points, Beasley tonight scored 23, i am confused to why Battier is still starting...  Battier is like 35 years old where to Beasley is only 24...
Princess Luna::Hmm, a slow start for Miami so far. Will they be able to pick up the pace in the 2nd half?
SIN::Michael Beasley is should take Ray Allen's spot as the 1st man off the bench (w/defensive match ups being considered). He is looking more and more comfortable and efficient. In fact I can see him starting in Wade's absense. We will see, the guy is really living up to his potiential right now.
Strike Anerve::It's just one game for God's sake. Last year the Pistons beat the Heat by 10 pts, yet they didnt make the playoffs while Miami went in winning the championship. Today's score means a w for the pistons and an L for the heat, nothing else. We're still 7 months aways to draw any conclusions.
