ThatsGoodSoup7963::I wasn't able to watch the game/post here last night, so I wanted to stop by and say:   GOOOOOOOOooooooo Celtics!  I feel Brandon Bass is pretty comfortable in a starting role. Guy's awesome.  Kevin Garnett reminding us all to never underestimate him!  Good game, Minnesota!
ynot1825::People bashing KG forget how great and dominating he once was..well past his prime KG is still pretty damn good....
pistonfanstill::People who bash KG on his playing are Stupid and Jealous.
thaggas::He was pretty dominating last night. Definitely played like a man with something to prove.
TheTristanShow::Kevin Love will never play for a contender in Minnesota... So sad...
nflczarrabuse::Wow KG! Everyone is so exited how you put in effort on one night this season. Congrats you bested kLove, but i will still take love over you because he brings your once a year energy every night!
thaggas::Interesting. Where was it last night?
TheTristanShow::It's called getting old... KG in his prime would probably best Kevin Love right now much more often.
Mn Tpups::I love KG's playing style. Always have and always will. But come on let's be real - compare love's and KG's numbers back when KG was in his prime. The only thing KG has on Love is that he is a better defensive player - that's it. And given the time, love will get that down too.
pistonfanstill::Love is different.  Let him develope his own way.  He's a better version of Laimbeer rather then KG.
ynot1825::love has a long way to go to be the player KG once was.....i think love can get there but he has a way to go..there is NO way love should have let KG punk him like he did.....KG is 12 years his senior and seen a lot of miles and still bi.tched love....never would have happened to KG
Road dog Red::The Celts might go ALL THE WAY
Road dog Red::to the 2nd round
Tj7475::Man i wish the celts had a legit center so kg can go back to playing his natural position at power foward.
CoffeeCup21::Why? They have played their best basketball since Garnett moved to Center and Bass moved into the starting lineup.
Boston_Chan::Exactly. How both Bass and Garnett can shoot those 18-20 footers at the 4 and 5 can be deadly.
CoffeeCup21::Oh..just read that Rondo "shattered" another Cousy record for the most assists in a month by a Celtic player.  Hes wrecking Cousy's resume.   Rajon Rondo is the greatest PG to ever play for the Boston Celtics.
CoffeeCup21::Wolves fans are furious that Love got handled by a 36 year old Garnett.   This was like throwing battery acid in their face.
thaggas::Love had an okay game, but his early stumbles put the TWolves down early and permanently.
jonnyd_94::take it easy lol Any real MN basketball fan will always love KG.  "this one's for everyone in Sota"...don't think us true fans will forget it.  It isn't battery acid when a HOF has a solid game, Love had a great game too, Celtics are a better team.
Road dog Red::KG is BACK
The Power of Love 42::Anyone saying "the celtics are back!" after last night are idiots. you beat a team missing 2 starters and 2 very important role players coming off the bench in Barea and Beasley, who could easily start on 90% of any other NBA team.
The. North. Star. State.::Don't even try having an intelligent conversation with this Dwayne Johnson character.  He lacks the necessary skills.
The. North. Star. State.::I see you are still struggling to grasp what I was saying.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Coming from a guy who thought Boston has a weak education system
Dwayne_Johnson23::Beasley sucks
Dwayne_Johnson23::By the way, Ray Allen, Mickael Pietrus, Jeff Green, Chris Wilcox
CoffeeCup21::I mean these guys ALWAYS get outrebounded and it never seems to matter.
Road dog Red::HoverRounds Hurrah
Dwayne_Johnson23::Yo remember when you thought Gordon Hayward was nice? You were so high that day
CoffeeCup21::I think its a good thing that Wilcox and Oneal got hurt. Its forced Boston to play small, and they play small really well.
Road dog Red::I'm still high. Just think if Wilcox hadn't got hurt...this would be a WRAP
CoffeeCup21::Well, in any case its safe to say, Rajon Rondo has locked up another 'franchise' record. I read the next highest total by any other Celtic was 7 consecutive games with double digit assists.
Dwayne_Johnson23::"But it might be wise to interject here that the Celtics point guard is on a rather historic run. Rondo has had double-figure assists in his last 11 games, a streak not seen since Deron Williams had a similar streak in February and March 2009 (Steve Nash did it in January and February 2007). Next up is Nash’s 14-game stretch in March and April 2005. (Note: The Elias Sports Bureau wouldn’t tell the Celts the NBA all-time mark, saying only that Rondo is “nowhere close to the record.”)"
Dwayne_Johnson23::This was written a couple days ago . . .
SwaqqFest9::Thats right the Celtics are back! What are all the doubters saying now? We're doing better than ever even with all the injuries we've had. We're tough and we won't back down from anyone so the rest of the league better watch their backs because the Celtics are back!!!
Jdzspace::ok, this is BS. hooray  for the Celtics. but we have to play Chicago AND Philly BOTH on the 2nd night of back to backs.   EVERY TIME we play Philly it's on the 2nd night of a back to back.. . . .. I wish we could just play them straight up so we could smack them around. But it's ALWAYS on the 2nd night of a back to back. . .. .  .ugh
Jimmy30313::It's alright dude we got em this time
Jdzspace::it's not that i'm worried that we aren't a better team then Philly, we just ALWAYS catch them on the 2nd night of a back to back. it's freaking annoying.
CoffeeCup21::Looks like Bradley is the first Celtic young guy to actually 'make it' since Glen Davis. Although Davis looks terrible with the Magic.
CoffeeCup21::Speaking of Rondo, he has just about caught up to Nash for the NBA lead.
CoffeeCup21::I dont think it can be Cousy, i read that Rondo is the only Celtic ever to have 11 in a row.
Dwayne_Johnson23::The record is something ridiculous but the record by current players in something around 15.  Nash and Williams did it a couple years ago.  The current holder is probably Cousy but not sure of the number
CoffeeCup21::Do you have any idea what the NBA record is for consecutive double digit assist games?
Jdzspace::well yeah, he's averaging 13apg for the last week. that'll close the gap
Dwayne_Johnson23::This is true.  Ainge sucks at drafting
CoffeeCup21::Yep
Dwayne_Johnson23::The Suns drafted him under the Celtics order.  Ainge told them to draft Rondo
CoffeeCup21::Yea i know the Suns officially drafted him.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Yea that's a given though
CoffeeCup21::I guess unless we count Rajon Rondo.
Road dog Red::Rubio is going back to Euro weenie ball...the NBA is too physical...the Twolves will sink back into the nothingness
Road dog Red::the team will be solid if Pietrus can return
CoffeeCup21::They seem to get better when they lose someone.
Road dog Red::who would have THUNK...Celts are going to be the Atlantic division champs....AGAIN
Jimmy30313::They all said we were gone bro, Celtic resilience right there!
Jimmy30313::when Ray comes back he should be 6th man
Dwayne_Johnson23::I think so to but probably won't happen
Road dog Red::Next year ...at this time..... the Wolves will have traded KLove...year...they will say he is dogging it
Road dog Red::The Hoveround Celtics have kicked it into 5th gear....the rest of the leagues is in trouble
SStark20::Ray Allen? Paul Pierce? Kevin Garnett? Jermaine O'Neal? LOL  What a bunch of over the hill hicks.
Jimmy30313::....that get the job done
CoffeeCup21::Bradley is averaging 15ppg in place of Ray Allen. What was Ray Allen avg. ? About 15ppg right? Right.   And Bradley is clearly a better defensive player than Allen. Rivers should consider keeping Bradley in the starting lineup when Ray Allen is back.
CoffeeCup21::Boston is playing better without Ray Allen and J.Oneal. That was too many old guys on the court.   Now they have more young guys than old guys on the court.   Rondo, Bradley and Bass vs. only two Dinosaurs in Pierce and Garnett.
chazzzzz1965::Nothing positive to say about the org. that paid u $100 mil.? that's why you're a chump KG!
AaronHeiner::KG is a punk $@%!$
AaronHeiner::Right the '04 Western Conference Finals Team wasnt very talented.
AaronHeiner::You've never been on a championship team.  Because you're obviously a loser.
Dwayne_Johnson23::HAHAHAHA congrats on your conference championship!  Real cities only care about championships.  Maybe someday you'll understand.  Probably not
Dwayne_Johnson23::Not like KG sat on the bench.  He was their best player by far.  Why should he have any feelings towards an organization that didn't put enough talent around him to win?  They probably don't care about him either
The. North. Star. State.::Some people don't like taxes like you east coast liberals.  Can you figure out why I am bringing up taxes?
Dwayne_Johnson23::Worst excuse ever.  Looks like the Celtics had no problem doing it 2008
The. North. Star. State.::It is hard to put talent around a guy that sucks up 1/3rd of your payroll.
AaronHeiner::KG is a nice role player, but he cant hit the big shot with the game on the line.  He needs other players to do that, therefore he probably shouldnt be paid like a superstar.  KLove can hit the shot to win games.
AaronHeiner::Really w two starters out, and two bench players missing?  Get over yourself.  You've never won anything in your life.
AaronHeiner::Why would anyone waste their time like that?  Bunch of over the hill has been's who cant run or jump anymore.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Looks like a bunch of over the hillers beat your team.  Suck it bi.tch
Dwayne_Johnson23::You clearly don't watch Celtics games
Ihatechildress::next year MN will take over this lg when we get back rubio
Nate1492::Kevin Love at 23 is twice the player KG was at 23. I should know, I saw them both play in person and followed them both extensively. Please, comparing KG in his prime isn't the 23 year old KG.
benn1ce::KG was like a 20/10 guy and twice the defensive player K Love will ever be when KG was 23. Love literally could never come close to being as good as defensive player as Garnett. Twice the player? Your on crack.
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!
ramuhkc::Lol, Love still put up 20/10 and he got dominated? Totally different players but no dominating there. If anything they probably canceled each other out
The. North. Star. State.::Wolves would have won if Pek played.
i hate lebron james::so is Ray Allen and Jeff Green
Ihatechildress::pek is game changer
Celtics1634::The Celtics would have won if Ray Allen, Mickael Pietrus, Chris Wilcox, and Jeff Green had played  Oh wait
The. North. Star. State.::I am sorry I guess I should have been more specific for your $@%!$@%.  Harvard isn't based in Boston. If you ask people where Harvard is they will say Cambridge, they won't name off every city that Harvard has a building in.  Also I was using Harvard as an example. What I meant to say was don't name off colleges since they aren't limited to Boston and accept people from all over the world.  As I said before, your critical thinking skills are non existent so I am not surprised you didn't grasp that concept.  I also never said that Pek was on the same level as Howard and Bynum.  I said that Howard and Bynum struggled defending him.  Therefore it is safe to assume that Garnett would have struggled as well.  Also if you understand the NBA you would realize that Rubio is not a scoring PG,  so in order to shut him down you have to stop the rest of the team from scoring.  The rest of your comments are you just fingering your butthole and saying whatever comes to mind.  I am unsure how I was proven wrong.  All I said was that if Pek played the Wolves would have won.  Then this other guy said that the Celtics would have won if those 4 players played.  You jumped in the conversation and rattled off a bunch of nonsense that could have been accomplished with a simple "yeah take that".  I then explained to you why Pek would have made a difference, which you took completely out of context.  So please, in your next post, try and stay on topic.
Carlson56::Man you people are stupid. Do they even have an educational system in Boston? And don't give me Harvard. That is a college that isn't in Boston and probably doesn't accept people from Boston.  okok i admit i lol'd at how retar.ded you are
Dwayne_Johnson23::You are beyond stupid it's not even funny.  First of all, to say Harvard is not in Boston just goes to show how big of a moron you really are.  Harvard has buildings ALL over the place.  Oh that goes for Boston College, Boston University, MIT, Tufts, Brandeis, Babson, and Bentley as well.  I've never seen someone as stupid as you on here!  Since we're playing hypothetical plus make believe and just assuming that Pek is on the same level as Dwight Howard and Andrew Bynum, then Rondo would have completely shutdown Rubio.  My statement could actually make sense considering Rondo is one of the best defensive guards in the league.  Your statement is based on the fact that you suck Pek's dick.  Is anyone in the NBA even scared of Michael Beasley?  30 out of 30 teams would rather have Mickael Pietrus.  And Barrera is a joke, congrats on over paying for that loser.  Bradley would shut him down anyways.  Jeff Green is better than pretty much all 4 of your 'injured' players.    But I don't expect you to understand anything I'm saying.  You've bene proven wrong since the morning and you're just stuck on stupid.  Have a nice day moron
The. North. Star. State.::Well aren't you just a box of rocks.  First off, on an individual level, Pek is better than those players.  But let me explain this to you since critical thinking isn't your strong suit.  If Pek were to have played, Garnett wouldn't have been nearly as effective.  He may have gotten his points, however defensively he wouldn't have been able to stop Pek (If Howard and Bynum can't stop him I am 90% sure he would have a field day with Garnett).  Also Love would have been matched up against Brandon Bass who is about as good as a 15 year old Garnett.  Bass would have been lucky to keep Love below 35 points.  And since we are naming all of the injured players who would have made a difference. If Rubio, Pek, Beasley, and Barea played the wolves would have stomped out the geriatrics.   And yes, those 4 are better than the 4 your boy above mentioned.    Man you people are stupid.  Do they even have an educational system in Boston? And don't give me Harvard.  That is a college that isn't in Boston and probably doesn't accept people from Boston.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Yea moron you did get owned.  Comparing one player to 4 just goes to show how stupid you are.  You don't think the Celtics are better with those 4?  Or are you so stupid to think that "pek" is better than all 4 combined?  Seriously you Minnesota fans are stupid on another level
The. North. Star. State.::Really?  Did I get owned?  Pek is better than every player he named and Love would have owned whoever plays PF for your geriatric team.
Dwayne_Johnson23::SHUTUP! You got owned
The. North. Star. State.::Dude Pek would have snapped Garnett in half.
cortzone::All that talk about the knicks,lol. Get in where you fit in, which has and forever will be behind the mighty Celtics. basketballs greatest franchise. 3 and a half back. We need to worry much more about the young and talented 76ers than the knicks. spike lee...KARMA.
CandySparker::Hola Garnett, Love!
Celtics1634::Kevin Garnett still owns the Target Center. Kevin Love will NEVER provide the same impact on a game that KG does, even at this stage of his career
gwaller8::What?  The Wolves didn't like KG's behavior?  I don't believe it.  Love is a legitimate force and it's too bad he's on such a bad team.  Oh, how many shots to the ball bag did KG give him during the game?  KG loves to go to the ball bag.
Spectre Status::Kevin Love is overrated. Any starting power forward who shoots 45% should be slapped in the face (and that includes Dirk Nowitzki who is only shooting 45% because he was in a major slump earlier this year).  <b>FYI:</b>  <i>Dirk averaged 51% shooting last year and 48% shooting over the last 6 years.  Kevin Love has a 45.9% career average.  He is not Dirk Nowitzki.</i>
seejames511::I really love it when ignorant people like Spectre put something up like this and remove all doubt they have no idea what they are saying.  Hey Spectre, just tell me you do not Kevin Love and move on...at least I can respect it as a pure opinion...as opposed to an opinion disguised as truth by wrapping it in deceiving stats...
Trexxus::That includes 3 pt shooting, Love shoots from everywhere on the floor, so 45% is actually pretty good. You're a fool.
RaidersCelticsRedsox::4th in the east!!!!!!  our schedule is tough but we got to keep it!!! and we can be scary in the semi's...
RaidersCelticsRedsox::anyone thats comparing love to kg...lets be real....love is beasting right now...but look at what 36 year old kg did to him....and not to mention post game love said not to compare the two cuz he said kg is once in a generation player....mad respect for love to show respect and be honest....if kg in his prime was against love he would have had a monster triple double ....lets not be ignorant folks....kg is old...and love will be the future...but a kevin garnett he isn't.....
Trexxus::KLove is only 23 and putting up these numbers, some of you brainiacs seem to forget that, just wait and see hopw good love is 4 years from now when he STARTS his prime. Fools.
RaidersCelticsRedsox::ok...we need to start bradley and have ray off the bench...whos with me?
RaidersCelticsRedsox::hey eastern conference u mad bro? u scared bro? hahahhahah.....
_slickSixtySix_::was garnett dropped as a child?
PJ Villa::msg to danny ainge:sign Lin,trade Rondo for a lottery pick,pick Cody zeller,win a championship once more
bigllama11::That's actually a constructive idea!
Pau Killer Crossover Gasol::Love can't crossover pg's like I can.
Spectre Status::Kevin Love is overrated.  Any starting power forward who shoots 45% should be slapped in the face.
MNsportsfan77::haha yea bet he realized how stupid he sounded when he realized Dirk's shooting % is barely better than Love's over his career and almost the same shooting % this year.
bigllama11::I agree.  Even the Timberpuppies knew he needed to go somewhere else, they gave him mad props when he first returned there as a Celtic.
MNsportsfan77::yea but way northern part of the state and family didn't really have the cash to burn so had to watch him on TV.  Still was a great player to watch.  Still miss him.  Glad he got his ring he deserved though.
bigllama11::LOL!   Are you from MN?  I went to college right across the WI border, would take trips into the cities to watch KG play.
bigllama11::I bet you'd have to stand on a step-stool to do so...  Go for it.
MNsportsfan77::go ahead and tell that to Dirk Nowitzki.  Ret.ard.
Anti-Stratfordian::Dirk should be slapped in the face too.  That's the reason why Dirk said he shouldn't have been an All-Star this year.  45% is garbage.
inefekt::What's with all the Kevin's in the NBA?
oreed luv his redsox::this week will tell us if this celtics team is forreal. if they pull it off doc is hands down "coach of the year" amazing job
Chris213954::KG in his prime did everything Love does and more...its not close...Love is a better 3 point shooter thats it...I like Love i really do but lets not be silly...KG is an all time great...Love has a long way to go..In his prime KG could do it all...he was a great passing pf...maybe the best defensive player in the league in a lot of seasons...could guard almost every position...EVEN GUARDED SHOOTING GUARDS HEAD UP AT TIMES....THIS IS THE SAME MAN WHO SHUT T-MAC DOWN WHEN HE WAS PRETTY MUCH IMPOSSIBLE TO STOP...NEWSFLASH KEVIN LOVE COULDNT GUARD A SHOOTING GUARD IN HIS DREAMS...HE WAS ALSO ALWAYS A GOOD POST DEFENDER DESPITE BEING PRETTY THIN KG was an all nba first team defender year after year...Love dosent play defense even remotely close to KGs ability..EVEN RIGHT NOW IN HIS 17TH YEAR IN THE NBA HE IS A BETTER DEFENDER THAN K LOVE...AND EVEN JUST LOOKING AT NUMBERS ONLY KG BEST SEASONS ARE STILL BETTER...  LOVE IS AVG 26.6 PPG 13.9 RPG 1.9 APG 0.5 BPG 0.9 SPG SHOOTING 45% OVERALL AND 38% FROM 3                                                                               GARNETT AVG 24.2 PPG 13.9 RPG 5.0 APG 2.2 BPG 1.5 SPG IN 03-04 WHILE SHOOTING 50% OVERALL AND 25% FROM THE 3...HE ACTUALLY AVG AT LEAST 5 ASSIST A GAME 6 YEARS IN A ROW...WHILE ALSO PLAYING ALL NBA DEFENSE...AS U CAN SEE LOVE AVG 2 MORE POINTS WHILE SHOOTING A LOWER PERCENTAGE...REBOUNDS ARE EVEN BUT ASSISTS BLOCKS AND STEALS ARE NOT EVEN CLOSE...KG EASILY WINS ALL OF THOSE
AaronHeiner::KG cant close a game, and has never had a post up game.  That fade away jump shot is extremely weak for a guy who is taller than everyone else on the court.  Learn how to use a jump hook.  KG just relied on athleticism, he never worked hard on his game in the summer to add additional skills.  And KG what's with all the hate for the organization?  You come off sounding like an ungrateful $@%!$ after being paid $100's of Millions of Dollars.
MNsportsfan77::Love is also much better at drawing fouls and his freethrow% is a bit better than KG's at the same time in their careers.
bigllama11::Keep it up for 10 more years, then Love and KG can talk "who's the best."    At 35 KG is still a beast, I miss watching him play in MN, but happy for his success in Bean town. Nice win Celtics.
inefekt::stop shouting dude
MNsportsfan77::I'm pretty sure the only people that are saying love is better than KG are just trolls. But KG for the most part played on better teams and was only ever able to get out of the first round of the playoffs when the wolves got Cassell and Sprewell.  And was only able to win a championship when he teamed up with 2 other Hall of famers.   With Pek, Rubio, Beasly and JJ out with injuries there is nobody else besides Williams and he's playing out of position atm.   Don't flip $@%! over what I just said I know KG was the better overall player but really that's like comparing any SG to Jordan.  KG is an alltime great.  Love needs to improve his defense and his passing and keep it up for the most part of his career and then he could be mentioned along side KG.
Zippppppp::Love isn't close but he is the present so the fans will look at him with rose colored glasses
