Brian Peterson::Competition of the teams that score the least!!!
Matt Semperboni::I came on here surprised that the Bulls lost to the Bucks at home...then I saw that Tony Snell and Nazr Mohammad were in their starting lineup.
Liam McKenner::We beat the Heat, we can beat the Bucks plus its at our home ground
Michael John::The Bulls will find a way to lose this game
Paul Steeno::of course the fair weather fan would say this
Michael John::Paul Steeno oh hey look I was right...
Taylor Manes::If we lose this game..im going to be really embarrassed....its the effing bucks...really and im reading the feed...um...quick question. When did the bucks and bulls become a rivalry. ?. The bucks been trying to tank since dunleavy and whats his face left...the bulls could care less about the bucks...when did this become a rivalry
Trevor Hennington::So you weren't embarrassed when the Bulls lost to the Cavs and the Jazz?
Adam Youman::Trevor Hennington cavs loss was disappointing that boozer couldnt make a wide open put back....jazz loss...was a lil more embarassing
Jacob Hill::We're not tanking, we were missing our four best players... If the Heat were without Lebron, Dwade, Bosh, and Allen, and lost would everybody say they're tanking?
Jacob Dockter::I wouldn't be counting on Rose to do anything in your future. He is done as an elite player.
Allen Greene::Jacob Dockter  Chicago needs to sign a big free agent or make some trades because with this team they can win around 45 or 46 games but not a title.
Adam Youman::Jacob Dockter even if rose doesnt return to mvp status he is gonna be averagin 20 points a game. nothing wrong with that
Will Bernanke::just bet under in every bulls game and you will never have to work again!!!!
Will Bernanke::guess the bulls didnt know the score,  you are down 3 going for a 2?   what a joke
Brantley Lott::Go Chicago
Paul Steeno::First, in regard to all this tanking talk. There is definitely an argument that could be made for tanking, but you guys have to remember that it is completely against everything that the Chicago Bulls players, coaches, and organization as a whole believe in. We are going to continue to try to win every game for the rest of the season.  The injuries are just so unfortunate and disappointing. We are missing 5 players...including 4 of our starters. Obviously, there are going to be some struggles. I was expecting that the Bulls could beat the Bucks without their guys but still no need to panic. The Bulls will rise.
Jonah Swidan::Rise to what?  They are in big big trouble
Paul Steeno::they are missing 4 starters. once deng, butler and noah come back if we still struggle then I will be worried
Adam Youman::Jonah Swidan When butler, deng and noah return, our bench will have dunleavy, snell, and taj. those are 3 guys who will put up double digit scoring figures. what is there to worry about?
Keith Rhodes::Feeling sorry for the Bulls, I tried a few swaps on the Trade Machine. Pretty much all of them that worked made the Bulls even worse. The funniest one, trying to get them Cory Joseph from the Spurs (maybe the best truly available PG, given that Patty Mills has passed him with some surprising improvement), was Taj Gibson for Joseph, de Colo, Bonner, and Baynes. For the Spurs, that's like having a garage sale of stuff you don't need and making enough to buy a car.
John Osaki Jr.::I wonder if the Bulls will recover from the loss of Derek Rose and play well the rest of the season? Big-time Rose fans, checkout his awesome chapter in the projected rankings of the new editon 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Paul Steeno::With all the injuries that we have sustained, everybody has to do their part every game for us to win. Hinrich needs to start scoring, twitter reported that he is 9-36 in the last 4 games. That isn't getting it done. We need him to make some shots because we all know that he is capable of being a reliable scorer when he wants to.
Rex Waller::The bulls have injuries because Thibs runs his players into the ground.  Deng and Butler hurt themselves in practice as did Rose when he hurt his neck.  When will the NBA world realize that Thibs is extremely overrated.
Adam Youman::as soon as his team starts not being an elite team
Rocky Rosado::I am sorry but as much as I love deng it would be foolish for the bulls not to trade him a get something in return when you have Jimmy Butler and Snell on team. If we can land Dion Waiters and another asset I think the bulls need to pull the trigger.
Joshua Hsu::agreed, but if the bulls trade deng, i don't know how chicago fans can justify paying for a ticket to watch this team run out there every night. even with a waiters, this basketball is ugly.
Basil Hussain::Bulls are horrible. 4/5 starters are injured the bench is useless and offense is laughable. We've lost to Utah and Milwaukee, serious thought needs to be given to tanking.
Adam Youman::how is the bench useless? we have one of the most capable scoring benches in the league when our starters are healthy
Paul Steeno::Gamecasting is exponentially worse than actually watching the games. Come one CSN, Bulls are way more important than the Blackhawks.
Michael John::Lost D Rose, Bulls are irrelevant once again
Ian K-wizzie::If Henson can triple-double on points, rebounds, and blocks, that would make this game worth watching.  Otherwise, it's a snooze-fest.
Paul Steeno::ok Bulls. Killer instinct. End this team right now at the beginning of the third quarter. Don't let them get anywhere close to you guys for the rest of the game.
Andrew Fuehring::Are you serious?  Bucks aren't trying to win.
Jason Peters::Bullls are the most pathetic team of all professional sports teams. Hey Bulls, did you know the BUCKS ARE TRYING TO LOSE????!!!!!
Joshua Hsu::anyone counting travels and "step-out-of-bounds"? forget about bad shots and bad offensive sets.
Joshua Hsu::4 travels and 1 step-out-of-bounds in less than 5 minutes of basketball for the bucks. i'm counting :D
Joshua Hsu::Bulls announcer,"Oh my, this is playground basketball." Hilariously bad NBA game going on right now!
Tom Fabian::Deng injured? That's what you get when a you play a player 56+ minutes in one game and then 42+ minutes the following game.
Will Bernanke::24 points in the 2nd half for the Bulls against a D league team,  do people actually pay to watch this sorry excuse for an NBA team?
Justin Nixon::there's no way a Tom Thibodeau coached team with a Top 5 payroll is tanking.. talk about drama from Bulls fans
Paul Steeno::I cant believe CSN decides to show the stupid Blackhawks instead of the Bulls. Now I have to gamecast the game.
Erik Void::game's on CLTV.
Paul Steeno::I don't think I have that. Ill check really quikc that would make my day if we did have it here.
Erik Void::channel 40 if you're in chicago.
