poyman::Good assist night for IT. but his man Teague, did much better.... (10 vs 15) and Teague played 6 minutes less...  IT still had the second most shots (Cousins had 5 more which is about right and Gay had 2 less which is not enough)...   I also noticed that the scoring on the +/- column got screwed up... When a substitution is made at the beginning of a free throw for your team, any points scored from the line should be credited to the player substituting out, not the player substituting in... IT and a couple of others benefited from that tonight , while Outlaw, Fredette and someone else got punished for it.  Malone needs to do something about his rotation the last couple of days... He needs to rest the starters in ones and twos has opposed to a 5 man platoon... The Kings aren't strong enough on their bench (particularly with some of their "bigs" to manage the platoon effectively).
Uan theTruth::As an analyst, I see the trend continues for SAC.  McLemore and Thomas continue to get schooled on the defensive end.
Moneytime::Those rumors of Rondo coming to Sac, while I hope they are true, the price of Two First round picks, Thomas, Thorton, Thompson and McCallum is WAY too steep. Take out McCallum and one of the First round picks, and we are closer
scott::Way to go yahoo!  once again messing up the in game play by play.
nathan::Why does yahoo fantasy sports still think Vasquez is still on the Kings when he was in the trade for Gay ?....
Professor::As a former coach, now analyst, I agree with Uan.  Thomas and McLemore played terribly on the defensive end of the court.
Justin::Sacramento. Please just leave the NBA.  Just tour with the harlem globe trotters and be the team that they #$%$ on.  That how good you guys are.  Unbelievable.. how #$%$ you guys play.. Been a fan for years.. But none of you guys got heart.  D. Cousin's is a pretender... act tough but cant do #$%$ for your team.. I hate you sacramento.. will make millions betting against you guys.
edwardi::Not a proponent of tanking but I'm hoping we get a top 5 pick and get a SF that can hit threes
BASHIRAH::yes kings
Zombies Rule.::Jimmer rules!
