James::Ok, game.     Of course, there is a starting five, but the significant and well developed skills of the individuals on that very deep bench should be thoroughly exploited every night.   The attributes of certain combinations may emerge and seem very appealing, but I don't think discovering and using set combinations should be the goal for a good while.    And for this team I don't think I like shortening the bench in pressure situations either.    I do like Evans as sort of a "set-up man" and this is perfectly in line with just wearing teams out, which is just fine as a team identity for now while JKidd tinkers with the playing time and combinations.  So far what I see is that, with lots of rest, Paul Pierce is still "The Truth."   But I also think I see a terrific defense kicking around in there somewhere among the combinations.   Go Nets!!
C::Gobert's gotta quit with the turnovers I think if he continues with minutes he should be decent. He's already rebounding and can block well
Austin::Kanter is playing well scoring and rebounding wise but has too many turnovers, to become an elite player he has to cut the turnovers down!
andrei::this jazz edition really stinks. the 2003 jazz aren't as talented and not have any lottery pick but they were tough and hard working. and, of course, the coach then was much better. sloan is way better than corbin who's only talent is making excuses
James::KG and Pierce 3 Year Contracts at A 60 Million Guarantee could life ever be Better, for a pair of all Tires.
Devin H::the Nyets are a 2nd round losing playoff team at best..and they are beating the Jazz like a dusty rug  the Jazz offense depend heavily on pg position and the Jazz have players that wouldnt have been signed by another team...  Corbin has alot to deal with, replacing a HOF coach, but he is most certainly calling plays, which arent working..if the Jazz are not near .500 by midseason, I will bet Sloan will be the coach..
Oppose::As a Nets fan, I LOVE, LOVE the ability to play 10-12 players every night!   Every game, including the Heat game, starters rested considerable minutes.  I thought one of the big failures last year was the need to play Joe Johnson so many minutes.  He later developed plantar fasciitis and that hurt us in the playoffs.   Brook Lopez average about 29 ppg last year and was very fresh -- and not coincidentally --our best player in the playoffs.  Every other team can play 82 games.   Our starters will play 60-65. :)
Devin H::Favors has never impressed me...he has been in the league for 3 yrs, shoots a low fg percentage, is not dominating inside and looks mechanical...  as big and athletic as he is, he ought to have a double/double every nite..
emb001981::New career high 4 rebounds for Lopez
BULABOG::im very disappointed with the nets right now!!!
