Beanslams46::You may laugh at the kings now, but sometime between 1948 and 1956 they won a Championship when they were the Rochester Royals. The league's on notice!!!!
Kpmg allstar::http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1669898-jimmer-fredette-is-as-productive-as-ray-allen-an-inconvenient-truth
Kpmg allstar::Good Ridance Keith Dumb
9erballer::Sac-Town's new starting 5 DeMarcus Cousins: Center Chuck Hayes: PF John Salmons: SF Tyreke Evans: SG Jimmer Fredette: PG
Kpmg allstar::FreeJimmer
Seattle how does it feel to get Magoofed::What up Seattle, like my new name?
Only real fans stick with bad teams::SEATTLE WHERE U AT $@%!$@% LOL
Only real fans stick with bad teams::"NBA panel votes to keep Kings in Sacramento"  http://www.bizjournals.com/sacramento/news/2013/04/29/sacramento-kings-nba-committee-move-deny.html
Only real fans stick with bad teams::SAC-RA-MEN-TO!!!! CLAP-CLAP, CLAP-CLAP-CLAP!!!!!!! SAC-RA-MEN-TO!!!! CLAP-CLAP, CLAP-CLAP-CLAP!!!!!!! SAC-RA-MEN-TO!!!! CLAP-CLAP, CLAP-CLAP-CLAP!!!!!!! SAC-RA-MEN-TO!!!! CLAP-CLAP, CLAP-CLAP-CLAP!!!!!!! SAC-RA-MEN-TO!!!! CLAP-CLAP, CLAP-CLAP-CLAP!!!!!!!
NewYorkMetsMan::Does anyone have a vid of Crawford's back-to-back 3's at the end of the game?
razzledazzletj81::Can't believe Smart wasn't the first coach fired. That 4 pt loss bought him a couple of days. Hopefully, this means Jimmer will be freed.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Only a JOF wouldn't realize after all this time, that the Magoofs are responsible for firing the coach....do u really think they give a damn? All they care about is saving some money, and Shart is the perfect cheap option. I like Jimmer, but I'll be so happy if he goes to another team, if no other reason than to get rid of unkowledgeable, and extremely irritating "fans" like u.....can u please go away and never post on espn ever again.....thanx bro.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::http://seattletimes.com/html/localnews/2014859409_censusrace24m.html
Only real fans stick with bad teams::http://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/nba/2013/04/11/david-stern-sacramento-kings-seattle-supersonics-sale-maloofs/2075259/  Sorry Seattle, nothing u can do when David Stern is working behind the scenes with Kevin Johnson, to keep the Kings in Sac-Town LOL :)
THEBETTERANGLE::Blake Griffin is the most popular black guy with freckles reppin LA since Ice T
schuylervillesux::Can't wait for Jimmer to stick it up everyone's @$$ once he is on a team that actually runs an offense by a competent head coach instead of being apart of a "me first" system run by a mental midget.  Free Jimmer.......I would rather see him make strides in Europe than have him stay on this team and sit at the end of a bench thanks to a racial tyrant...............
razzledazzletj81::Jimmer pack your bags and a demand a trade. Since they have no faith in you let them take a 2nd rounder for you.
tacostealer26::good effort though, Sacramento.
tacostealer26::5 points aways from the grizz getting home-court, o well, they went farther into the playoffs in 2011 without home-court, and they beat the #1 seed Spurs in the first round, so you better not pout and you better not cry cause im telling you why, the Grizzlies are coming to your town.
BRAY5150::not worried
Griss13ears::yes you are
dawgpack0809::SUPER-SONICS!
Only real fans stick with bad teams::http://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/nba/2013/04/11/david-stern-sacramento-kings-seattle-supersonics-sale-maloofs/2075259/  #LOLSuckOnThatSeattle
STEVE6163656::Clippers 112 Supersonics 108
STEVE6163656::Clippers = Best team in California
cscobra::not saying much
BlazersWar::if the boxscore tells the true story, then Blake Griffin got abused by Cousins pretty hefty.
Ustna9::Sure...if Blake were playing center.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::I'm out u guys see u next year right here in the most diverse city in America....Sac-Town  http://www.time.com/time/nation/article/0%2C8599%2C340694%2C00.html
Laoboyfresh::Asians too
Futbol Fan11::Yes they have Seattle Even had basketball back then... Too bad
KingKobe1996::yea, sac is filled with mexicans and blacks now
andspd21::Dude, thats from 2002...over 10 years ago.  Pretty sure things have changed greatly across the country since 2002.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::You're right we've gotten even more diverse. http://www.americantowns.com/ca/sacramento/info/population 45.1% white 14.6% black 18.2% asian 19.5% other 1.1% american indian 27.9% hispanic(some of them are also white)  Seattle is 66% non-hispanic white
Ute Goo::-Goodbye Glimmer Fraudette! Hopefully some eastern European team will pick him up after SAC waives him.
Gopher123092::Any ute commenting on basketball is like is like the Titanic captain giving advice on night time navigation.
slama.jamma::You can tell when someone really can't get over the butt raping they received when even after two years, they still talk about it.
Charley Varrick::Yea, the kings starting lineup was so extraordinary! Idiot
andspd21::You mean after SEA waives him
Only real fans stick with bad teams::http://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/nba/2013/04/11/david-stern-sacramento-kings-seattle-supersonics-sale-maloofs/2075259/  Check that link out hopefully u will get an expansion team
andspd21::Was watching this game and I saw quite a few empty seats in the upper levels, so not sure what counts as a sellout in the NBA nowadays.
airicad::Also, if I'm not mistaken, Billups led the league in FT% this year for all players who've attempted at least 30 FTs.
IOWNTEHINTERWEBZ::<b>Durant takes that many per game</b>
IOWNTEHINTERWEBZ::<b>Yeah I knew what he meant I'm just pooping on kd</b>
Only real fans stick with bad teams::nm
airicad::Congrats to DJ for winning the FG% crown too!  Way to finish with authority, big guy.
gt1master_ike::Congrats to CP3 for leading the league in steals....yet again.
airicad::He led all qualified players in assists too.
gt1master_ike::Yea and A/T ratio.
gt1master_ike::Cousins is such a monster. Just wish he could play with a veteran team.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::David Stern won't let the Kings leave Sac-Town. He's currently working behind the scenes with Kevin Johnson, to make sure they stay...but don't take my word for it. Here's your proof :)  http://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/nba/2013/04/11/david-stern-sacramento-kings-seattle-supersonics-sale-maloofs/2075259/  #KJing
Only real fans stick with bad teams::With that being said after the Kings stay, I truly hope they bring an expansion team to Seattle. This isn't a bidding war as stated in the link. And if it were about revenue each city would accumulate, the Sonics would never have left the 14th largest TV market, for the 45th largest TV market. (Sac-Town is 20th) Go read the article already!! And best of luck to Seattle, just not at our expense.
airicad::Clippers in 5.
Joe Raygor::Anyone else legit impressed the Bobcats still drew 13,000 fans for their last game of the season?
arkade721::Clippers vs Memphis will be a good playoff series, but the Clippers will win. Without Rudy Gay Memphis is not as good.
Griss13ears::It's not speculation, they HAVE played better. It's simple statistics that u can look up and read for yourself. And over the last 2 playoff seasons they played better without Rudy on the floor. Why don't you get it? If you don't have a friggin clue what you're talking about, just keep your di.ck sucker shut. Idiot
arkade721::and i have, but people want to speculate that ever since rudy gay was gone the grizzlies started playing "better" yeah ok...post season only....not playoffs... youll see
bulldogsgrizz93::You should probably watch the grizzlies
UAmatt89::The Grizz fans, unlike nugget fans, seem to forget that the only reason they have the same record as us is that Paul was out of rlike 10 games this season, in qhich we did not play well.
arkade721::Memphis can cause problems for the Clips, but the clips will win. 4-3 clips win.
Clipper Nation Stand Up::Shouldn't be a problem with his 54% FG numbers.
Real Deal Beal::They may win the series but will not make it past the second round unless Flake Griffin shoots better than 3-10 from the field.
Real Deal Beal::Oh, but Gasol was never missing games? Good one. Stop making excuses, Clips are going nowhere (from an unbiased fan).  "The Clippers are fool's gold."  -Charles "Sorcerer" Barkley
Real Deal Beal::UAmatt89 - Charles Barkley has the IQ about equal to that of my dog. He is cool as heck but he is an idiot. So if that's your source, then wow  Considering that he is almost always correct about all things basketball, you make yourself look like a fool, similar to your "fool's gold" team that you bandwagon because your Fakers are a.ss this season. You may not like Charles because he dislikes your bum team, but sometimes the truth hurts.
UAmatt89::Calling what like it is? We are going nowhere based on what? That the Griz are better than us? Sure doesn't seem like it since we won last year and 3 of 4 this year.
UAmatt89::Charles Barkley has the IQ about equal to that of my dog. He is cool as heck but he is an idiot. So if that's your source, then wow
Real Deal Beal::UAmatt89 - LOl just like we were going to lose to the Griz last season. Just like they were going to beat us in the regular season this year? It's funny seeing people hating on the Clippers.  I am not even a Grizz fan....I'm just calling it as it is.
UAmatt89::LOl just like we were going to lose to the Griz last season. Just like they were going to beat us in the regular season this year? It's funny seeing people hating on the Clippers.
jason7457::Flake Griffin needs the number for Steve Nash's epidural doctor
Real Deal Beal::LMAO @ FLAKE GRIFFIN
UAmatt89::What is the difference between a bucket of garbage and a Grizzlies fan?  The Bucket
sharkjaws457::might wanna toss this joke in that bucket of garbage
theunkster::so when do clipps start
UAmatt89::Remember that time the Grizzlies won a season series or a playoff series against the Clippers and therefore earned the right to talk trash about whooping on the Clips this upcoming postseason?  I don't remember it either....
malkit32::what do you guys think
malkit32::OKC in 5... Lakers in 7... Nuggets in 6... Griz in 7.. Miami in 4.. Celtics in 7.. Indiana in 6.. and Chicago 7
malkit32::yeah the memphis clippers series is a toss up for me,  I just dont think the spurs are healthy enough (even though the lakers arent gasol and howard rounding into from).  I think Chicagos d will be too much and Celtics I just always regret not pickin them to win ahah
UAmatt89::yes, no, yes, no, yes, no, yes, no
JangoXR3::In the first ever game played in Sacramento, the Kings lost 108-104 to the Clippers in 1985! Fast forward to 2013, in the last ever game played in Sacramento the Kings lose 112-108 to the Clippers! Both defeats were by 4 points, that's crazy weird, if that's the swan song, it was nice while it lasted.
CharlesRiver27::Let's hope that was Keith Smart's last game as a head coach. The man runs the most inconsistent, illogical rotations in the history of basketball.
Butterbean World Champ::Clippers suck. Grizzlies are gonna destroy them.
UAmatt89::4 of 7 last playoffs  3 of 4 this year.  So scared
Deaneer32::This Clippers / Grizz series will be epic.....It'll go down to the wire.
UAmatt89::clips in 6
-66666666666clippers-own-m3mphis::cant wait to smash on the grizz on sauturday  -ryan hollins
1010vision::Good luck Clippers!
buckshotz17::From a baseball fan that lives in Mpntreal and lost the Expos it still pisses me off. I know how you guys feel in Sacto. Hope you guys get another chance to keep your team around. Long live the Kings....   But Go Clippers!
Dawgman206::Sonicsarena.com
stylesac7::Ya truthfully I don't have a concept of the basketball culture that kansas city had before they lost the nba. You could probably think of a few places that would be good nba homes
stylesac7::People get  hung up on an uneven number of teams in the conferences, but it's a non-issue. The NBA had 29 teams for like a decade before the bobcats came around. It has no consequence whatsoever. 8 best teams of each conference play on still
Joe Raygor::Good point. Still, it would be cool if there was a franchise in a place like Kansas City.  As a I recall, it was one of the reasons why they built the Sprint Center.
Joe Raygor::How would 31 teams work though? Add a 32nd and make it 4 divisions of 4 teams?
stylesac7::yup...they should get an expansion team
Joe Raygor::Sonics should've never left.
stylesac7::I hope you guys get expansion, I really do
