WeAreMarquette 2.0::take a sip of WAITERADE
Vinci60::I am blown away. The fans on bleacherreport did not know better than Chris Grant and John Hollinger.
Lakersgetterdone::Dion Waiter's will be a star in this league real soon.
ManOnFire85::Any team who sleeps on this squad will get a brutal wake-up call. This is not a team to underestimate, and I am not even a fan.
orange_63::i just realized the cavs have tied the browns win record so far in just four games..........please browns gain some respectability....... try winning sometime, it would be a long overdue pleasant surprise!
roastbeafman87::Who was guarding - err, NOT guarding - Irving in that last highlight? Dude didn't even try to cover him.  Also, Varejao is a rebound machine!
BarrelRider04::Cavs straight up kicked our butts - 25 turnovers is absolutely ATROCIOUS!!!!!! Waiters killed us an Paul admitted it at least.
coltranesteelkirt::Wade isn't fit to carry Waiter's jock strap... Stop trying to compare him to Waiters.
sokal-surf::Which LA team occupying the Staples Center has not won a championship?  A) Lakers B) Clippers C) Kings D) Sparks E) All of the above except for B
Jai22T::But if u listen to crazy people the Clippers r taking over LA
jachtisc::Wow everybody really,lets slow it down a little bit.
orange_63::Waiters &amp; Kyrie outplayed Chris Paul &amp; Blake Griffin??? WOOOOOOO HOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!! GO CAVS!!!!!!
rex_coach::Did the Clippers win?
Ohio2Texas::I was shocked when My Cavs picked Waiters at Number 4 because at the time, I had preferred Harrison Barnes or Andre Drummond.  But once picking Waiters, I said, Im gonna give the guy a chance because there has to be a reason he moved up alot of teams draft boards.  He went from late first round at the beginning of the draft to mid 1st round, to late lottery, all the way to Top 5 pick by the time the draft came.  His rise from college 6th man to Top 5 pick reminded me of Russell Westbrook of OKC.  And Russell Westbrook has turned out to be a pretty good player thus far besides the fact that he is allergic to setting up teammates at times but Waiters already seems like he is a good and willing passer.  The More I watch Waiters, the more I like his game and Im happy to call him a Cleveland Cavalier!!!
Buck4510489::I was in the same boat as you. I wanted Barnes and when they picked Waiters I really couldn't believe it. 4 games into the season he has made me a believer.
mef319::Im a huge cuse fan and the second i saw him play his freshmen year i knew he was going to be special
mqwards::CUSENATION go dion
CuseSnub1523::BALL HARD D WAITERS
CuseSnub1523::Dion Waiters is the REAL DEAL!!!! CUSEEE BABBYYYYYY PRIME TIME
Gazteks::How do you overlook uncle Drew and crew?  This back court will be a challenge for the teams in the east.
Rickster7218::Neon Dion in the limelight, the guy never shot this well at Cuse....It was good to see....
CTownHiLo::nice to see DW light it up. That man has some swag already! I like his D and passing, pleasant surprise. Hope he develops! Go Cavs
roiQuiao::Luke Walton helped the Cavs win this game.   Walton &gt; Griffin
Colin5266::exactly.
Auto44Short::By not playing maybe
jayroberts59::At their top peak kyrie irving is chris paul and dion waiters is dwayne wade. Don't tell me u can't win at least one championship with that.
osrule32::Dwade could rebound, dish and play great D though
DijonWaiters::If Waiters can continue to shoot 3's well, he reminds me of Ray Allen. He's far from either Allen or Wade. This year he will be up and down a LOT and will show flashes of brilliance. I think he will realistically average 13-14ppg.
222222222boomboom444444444::I actually have to disagree about the wade comparison. waiters looks like he might develop a consistent outside shot.
Rickster7218::The Comparison with Wade is also based on the fact, that Dion can go to the rack anytime he wants..The only problem is the officials aren't going to give him the calls most of the time like Wade would get.
pottttts::Most of us Cavs fans were shocked when Waiters was picked number four in the draft. Heard his name climbing up throughout the days leading to the draft. Was somewhat shocked when his name was called. Give some credit to CGrant. His first two picks in the first round threw in 43 points versus the Clippers last night.GO CAVS!!
Jai22T::Kyrie and Waiter put n somw work and got a big road win........
hittms::Varejao is killin'.
Jai22T::Yes he is,he plays so hard,u got to respect AV
PartyLikeACaveman::the clips need to show up for games against these "worse" teams.  just because you have cp3 doesn't mean every game needs to be a fourth quarter comeback.  they tied this one up late like with golden state, but bad losses at home are gonna hurt when the schedule gets a little road heavy later
Tony91367::Maybe Clippers are the Bad team here,,, Floppy Paul and Floppy Griffin are two of the most over rated players in NBA history...
pottttts::Which was the worst team last night.
S_Y_R_A_C_U_S_E::Lots of grumbling coming from the Cleveland camp on draft day... Much like Philly when they took McNabb years back... Those grumbles will continue to dissipate. Keep doing work Dion.
CTownHiLo::I wasnt grumbling about KI. DW still has me grubling but I see some hope with him. Still a little nervous though. Hope he pans out!
Rickster7218::Remember he would only be a Junior in college and he was the Cuse's sixth man off the bench.  He only ave 20-22 minutes a game, not bad for a first round pick....
du125::They were also grumbling when they took Kyrie instead of Kemba Walker or Derrick Williams or Brandon Knight.  Fans know everything.
YaImFromCleveland::OHH OHH just saw the highlights, Cavs basketball, what is there not to like?
kiss_thee_ring::GRIFFIN NEEDS TO HIRE  A SHOOTING COACH/ HE HAS THE BEST PG IN THE NBA. THE PICK AND POP WOULD BE SO DEADLY BUT ALL HE KNOWS IS LOBS
kiss_thee_ring::BLAKE GRIFFIN AND DEANDRE JORDAN STILL HAVENT MADE THE STEP. STILL THE SAME OVERATED  PLAYERS
Boingnova::Waiters and Irving combined for 52 points.  Early days, but given we're talking a rookie and last year's ROTY, Cleveland has to be happy with the future (and present) of their back court.  Could potentially be the best guard tandem in the league someday.
rodneycash2008::How's "Clipper nation" doing this morning?  Lost to the Cavs..... So much for being the new #1 team in LA.  That will never happen.
d_bokk::both LA teams stink
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Lmao so know both LA teams stink 4 games into an 82game season wow. Man get a clues and hold your damn tongue. You got a case of premature ejaculation at the mouth. Silly of anybody to say any team sucks 4 games in and both LA teams far from stink. Its way to early for LA bashing buddy.
Excelscior1::Who is the GM of the Cav's who keeps picking up all these great young players? And yeah, slow you roll on that D Wade Talk, guys. But yeah, Waiters was great.  Lol
STANG.::Chris Grant
STANG.::Chris Grant
napecori::Dion has D-Wade 2.0 written all over him, been watching him since high school, Cavs got a gem
napecori::I don't know about that, he had a couple drives to lane that popped off the tv last year like Dwade used to do. I knew Dion's game was better suited in the pros compared to college with his ability to play in space. Sky is the limit for this backcourt
quickbr0wnf0x::Has, or had?
dvr2166::He has the same build and way they play the game but D-Wade has way more athleticism and has hops out the roof
napecori::says the guy who probably found out who he was on draft night
Excelscior1::Draft Night? Try last night! He's just repeating what the Clippers broadcasters said and were told. Lol.
kiss_thee_ring::SLOW DOWN COMPARING HIM TO WADE
ice cold Forte::dion waiters was an absolute beast..and what is blake talkin about everyones gunning for us...u didnt win the championship you were just 1 of 16 playoff teams..
Excelscior1::That's cause Blake is soft.
kiss_thee_ring::BLAKE GRIFFIN YO HO3
Mac271::25 turnovers for the Clippers... lol!
Detroit and LA Suck - GO HEAT::<b> ALRIGHT I'M TYPICALLY AGAINST CLEVELAND SPORTS, BUT I WOULD LIKE TO SAY I WAS IMPRESSED. VERY IMPRESSED.</b>
kiss_thee_ring::AT LEAST WAITERS WILL BE GOOD, FAB MELO WILL BE A BUST LIKE JOHNNY FLYNN  SYRACUSE--
nmyoung94::Dion Waiters destroyed in the 2nd half
lakers2013champzs::&lt;3 kobe
johndomenow::mike brown kisses andrew bynum  LOL classic   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZeqsNmAV-w
jasondmce1978::Before Kardashian: 6th man of the year putting up all-star numbers.  After Kardashian: Can't even get off the bench.
ChargersFan4Life001::Uncle Drew is a beast
ChargersFan4Life001::board is dead, I'm out. GN to anybody else still here
ChargersFan4Life001::2010-2011 Howard led the NBA in techs with 18 and got 2 1-game suspensions after his 16th and 18th techs
XCbeza3::well i'm out, gn.
ChargersFan4Life001::gn beza
ChargersFan4Life001::Dwight 1st season:12ppg/10rpg/.9apg/1.7bpg/.9spg/52fg%/67ft% DMC 1st season:14.1ppg/8.7rpg/2.5apg/.8bpg/1spg/43fg%/69ft% Dwight 2nd season:15.8ppg/12.5rpg/1.5apg/1.4bpg/.8spg/53fg%/60ft% DMC 2nd season:18.1ppg/10.9rpg/1.6apg/1.2bpg/1.5spg/45fg%/70ft%  The biggest difference is the FG %, but outside of that they are pretty comparable
kiss_thee_ring::howard is way better on defense, thats the difference.
ESPN Decisions::nah fake stats
ESPN Decisions::im jk lol
XCbeza3::lol
ChargersFan4Life001::http://espn.go.com/nba/player/stats/_/id/4258/demarcus-cousins http://espn.go.com/nba/player/stats/_/id/2384/dwight-howard idiot
XCbeza3::DeMarcus is good, he's just a headcase.
ChargersFan4Life001::Yeah, that's a problem.
ESPN Decisions::?
_The_Clear_::Cavs &gt; Clippers
XCbeza3::laggg
