slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts suck
doggbrown1::WHO DAT GOIN BEAT THEM HORNETS? EVERYYYYOOOOOONNNEE!
slam_dunk_on_u::497 total comments on this game thread?  LOL the spurts are boring nobody cares about your games....
anOmegaMan::lol i know why your bitter. Your wife was with me last night...
Texicano10::mamon corndog
The-DHARMA-Initiative::they need to feature Ryan Anderson a lot more... that guy is a beast!
mkwan0::Spurs are back in the groove while the Thunder freefall.  Spurs clearly the better team
slam_dunk_on_u::Spurts lose 2 in a row agaisnt decent teams and win one against an equally pathetic team and the Thunder loses 1 after a 12 game winning streak and the spurts are better...??  Get a life pathetic dumba$$ spurt fan!
mkwan0::You aren't terribly bright, are you?
The Real Andre Herring::LOL Who was that idiot who said whoever drafted Anthony Davis would have a 50 game winning season? ESPN analyst suck.
dwighthowardsamazing::Dear coach Monty,  I know aminu doesn't give best effort on defense all the time I know he tries to get too fancy I know he jacks up a lot of dumb shots but he's all we have at the 3 play him 30 minutes because you have to or tell Dell demps that he HAS to go  Sincerely  Dwighthowardsamazing
nba is the worst::Nice to see Davis getting into it, and really nice to get Kawhi back.  GO SPURS
jeff050578::I have been keeping track of the Hornets because their rookie duo interest me. They might be the best 5-21 team ever. They dont lose games by double digits or more as much as most 5-21 teams would and they always play hard during games I watched on league pass. I think they will be an elite team in 3-4 years. They will be a 1-3 seed for many years. And if they get a lottery pick this year and draft another good, young player then they might have a NBA title or 2 in their future.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Lol @ Rivers' shooting percentage.
amiller244::I know it's still early, but to all the people who doubted Damian Lillard cause he went to a small school (Weber State), check out his stats compared to Austin Rivers, who played in the powerhouse ACC.
slam_dunk_on_u::494 comments for this game thread?  Damn the spurts are boring no one cares about their games....I mean not the casual NBA fan...this is proof
SPURZWARZ1.0::Speaking of "Boring," how is your "love life?"
Complaint Dept.::Don't ask his boyfriend, he will only laugh!
Texicano10::Doesnt 20-8 sound so much better than 19-9!! thanks pelicans!!!
Number1SpurtsFAN::GO SPURTS GO!!!!!
slam_dunk_on_u::Nice copycatter...likeI said everyoe wants to be me!
fallsoversteve::its spurs $@%!$@%
njhaines::Monty Williams isn't ready. Lance Thomas , Henry and Miller combine for 4 pts......Gotta let Aminu grow. Dude is athletic and is their best finisher on the break.
kyfan2176::i dont see gordon playing for them this yr and if he does trade him at end of season before he gets hurt again
Flash Barrett::Gordon will be back soon and the Hornets will start winning games
gt1master_ike::Hornets have put themselves in a deep hole and this isn't the East where you can make the playoffs under .500.  I hope Gordon just rests his knee and comes back when he is 100 % healthy. No point coming back before then. THis is already a wasted year.
Just one mans opinion::I hope gordon falls off a cliff.  We need people that want to play for us.  He could be a valuable trade commodity, we might get a hamburger and a coke for him
MinniWolves90::Hornets are 2 years off. But they are most definitely going in the right direction.
MinniWolves90::Oh yeah, we played you guys earlier. Y'all played us pretty good. I assumed you didn't mean playoff team lol.
Flash Barrett::I dnt mean they'll be a playoff team this year but they will surely have a better record than 5-21...but as long as he and Davis stay healthy, Anderson keeps doing his thing, and Lopez and Vasquez keep improving tthey're going to be good..jus need  solid SF or Aminu or Henry really need to surprise people
parjinder82::hey what does PF stand for in the box score next to the the turnovers column
Mambaholic 33::Personal fouls
Jets Knicks Yankees NY 1988::why are there so many trolls on the  knicks lakers heat clippers bulls and spurs boards!?.
dwighthowardsamazing::They are good teams or have been
Mambaholic 33::Ask yourself
fallsoversteve::Spurs need to find their rhythm again and get going. Leonard needs to shake off the rust and get back to contributing to the team. manu needs to get his shi.t together and so do neal and green.
Mambaholic 33::Nothing allot of extra rest couldn't take care of    --Pop
PINKYCUZ-OKC::KD
fallsoversteve::TD
Mambaholic 33::LJ
Just one mans opinion::That Davis kid can play.  4 double doubles in 13 games.
gt1master_ike::Good game spurs.  Eric Gordon will hopefully return soon.
Ireland297::Hes not coming back.
dwighthowardsamazing::He will play in one game and then have a "setback" and be out until about 10 games before the deadline and hopes he gets traded
SPURZWARZ1.0::What do you call a beautiful woman in OKLAHOMA? USDA "Prime!"
Mambaholic 33::California 4
Mambaholic 33::Rare
Spursdc::Grapenutz
Timewilltell101::Since we are telling old jokes:  What's the difference between a Spurs' fan and a bucket of s.hit?  The bucket.
MijoMartinez::Go back in time and give your mother an abortion!!!
Mambaholic 33::Times running out
TWex2120::Wow..........
SPURZWARZ1.0::Sad!
SPURZWARZ1.0::Timewilltell that Grapenutz su cks!
Leomaes123::Manu for Gasol... who wins in that trade ?
676Rob::idk, we need defense and pau has none so who knows
deftonessfsf::manu f gasol
SPURZWARZ1.0::How do you castrate Grapenutz? Kick his sister in her mouth!
Spursdc::that pus.s still wide open tho
Timewilltell101::Dude, that is sooooooooo old.
Timewilltell101::SPURZWARZ1.0 - That's what your mom said about you!  Was that supposed to be a comeback? I just feel sorry for you now.
SPURZWARZ1.0::Grapenutz boyfriend^^^
SPURZWARZ1.0::That's what your mom said about you!
SPURZWARZ1.0::Grapenutz is sooo ga y, his ears are his "love handles!"
ForeverGrapeOKC::He'll be here all week folks......
676Rob::Timewilltell101 - SPURZWARZ1.0 - That cuz you have no life!  Please go back to school and learn English, then come back. You are making my brain hurt.  language was developed to convey a message, you got the message so s.t.f.u
Timewilltell101::SPURZWARZ1.0 - That cuz you have no life!  Please go back to school and learn English, then come back. You are making my brain hurt.
ForeverGrapeOKC::why do you hate me?
SPURZWARZ1.0::That cuz you have no life!
deftonessfsf::im from new orleans and pulled for the spurs im a huge tony parker fan. i wish the hornets would just disband they are embarrassing
Timewilltell101::They are making the whole state look bad.
seferson::is that what you said about the saints in the 90s?
deftonessfsf::no not really but good try. have fun watching a d league defense get passed on for 600+ yards a game
seferson::i bet you hang out in the quarter with the motor bike kweers, move to the bay, we don't want you
deftonessfsf::them too i actually like the 9ers
FranklinPistachio211::Grapenutz - Have the Thunder signed Joey Crawford to a new contract yet?
FranklinPistachio211::He's putting in heavy work for Miami, LA and OKC.
ForeverGrapeOKC::Nah...just Miami :)
ForeverGrapeOKC::nah...Hes signed with Miami
Leomaes123::Been thinking about it for awhile and the games I watch.. I didn't watch this one but any other spurs fan think maybe trade Manu? I know that would be unlike the spurs but I just don't see it anymore from him
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::I been saying trade manu...3years ago I said this,I dnt want to here he needs to retire a Spur if his a$$ cant stay healthy he needs to go.
Cannon_Paps62459::Win this weeks nba contest:  http://tinyurl.com/free-fantasy-entry-for-nba4
deftonessfsf::spurssss
Spursdc::Gary Neal is actually kinda clutch
fallsoversteve::clutchhhhhh
Leomaes123::you wont be saying that when he drops some threes in the playoffs
676Rob::no he isnt, he was a couple of years ago but he is garbage now.
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Is it me or has POP's substitution decisions been horrible?
Spursdc::Not having an answer for the Thunder is screwing with his head
howdythere...::he's just trying a ton of rotations
676Rob::pop has been garbage lately and im tired of it, these games count. we need home court throughout the playoffs. also neal and green are garbage. they need to be benched or traded. and sjax is also garbage
TWex2120::What Spurs fan hasnt? It would be pretty tough to probably play Memphis and Okc. They can get 2 and 3 and kill each other in the 2nd round.
ForeverGrapeOKC::a spurs fan finally admitting you need home court
minifarmgirl12::first of all, to the $@% below, who ever said they were good?  we've had davis for only 8 games, no eric gordon all season, a rookie sg, come back in 2014 and talk trash, they'll be a great team in 2 seasons
Wadih0417::Lol at the "is that how you deal with your sex-life?" such a horrible comeback hahaha
Timewilltell101::Keep dreaming. It's nice to dream but remember dreams aren't real life.
Timewilltell101::minifarmgirl12 - is that how you deal with your sex-life?   As a matter of fact, yes.
minifarmgirl12::is that how you deal with your sex-life?
Mambaholic 33::Nice see SA stop the Hornets one gm winning streak   Ten games ago
howdythere...::gg pelicans
Timewilltell101::They lost. That's not a good game.
howdythere...::*sad pelican sound*
hipma12::is aminu injured?
jprdbulldog21::no he just sucks
Timewilltell101::The Hornets are a joke and not even a good one. They should sell the team to Mexico for a burrito and a 20 .oz Coke
676Rob::they played great tonight, im surprised they didnt win
ForeverGrapeOKC::they are missing their leading scorer
ForeverGrapeOKC::you serious???? hes their best player
Timewilltell101::That's why they are 5 - 21? Because they are missing one guy?
minifarmgirl12::not funny $@%!$, they almost beat the spurs tonight on the road
Timewilltell101::Dude, they are what 5-21. That's bad.
Goldengun3865::Spurs better pick it up on the glass or it's gonna bite em in the @ss.
676Rob::we need to trade neal and green for a decent rebounder
Goldengun3865::Agreed.  We've got plenty of 2 guards.
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::GG Hornets/Pelicans/Mosquitos/BullSharks
676Rob::spurs really need to move neal and green
fallsoversteve::green is fine. maybe neal.
Spursdc::For what/who in return
X GoSpursGo X::its over! horrible game! glad we won though. Losing would've just been embarrassing. GO SPURS GO!
ImAsianlola::my favorite team is spurs because they play like a her - my grandmother
hipma12::if the spurs don't lose for the rest of the season, they might get a segment on sportcenter
Wadih0417::hahaha I wish. If we're #1 in the Western Standings, ESPN will only then talk about #2-8. It's not fair, ESPN is against talking about us unless some monkey like David Stern sues us
ForeverGrapeOKC::Pelicans played good in the second half
Goldengun3865::Good game Hornets fans.
Fraws::Wow that was awful, I'll take the win though
