dash42021::Raps won YEAH!
knowledgeable_sam07ny::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_AGduKWP68  ..  Melo why cant you play like this again  ..  or at least play as a team like this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVY4C_yQZJs
odiesihs::The knicks biggest problem is that when they miss a shot, and the other team makes on a shot on the following possession, they feel a need to answer back quickly, and take poor, rushed shots (jacking up 3's and iso jump shots) with like 3/4 of the shot clock still available, then they miss, then the other team scores, then the knicks get frustrated, so they only worry about scoring and answering back, and this has repercussions on the defensive end, which leads to the other team dunking on them on back to back possessions. It is a never ending cycle once it starts.  Sometimes the knicks get lucky, and they score on those poor, rushed shots, so they worry less about scoring and devote more to effort and attention to defense. But once they get into a slump, they become frustrated and then their old habits come out. Once this happens, ANY team can beat them. The problem is not talent, because on paper, they are a championship caliber team. But in reality, the problem is their mentality. They get rattled and can't play with composure. I am a knicks fan and I really want them to succeed, but this type of mentality will never win championships.
catplayball2::Checking out last 6 games stat, I found out following fact about Lin.  He has greatly improved his FT, 29-30.  He has kept his running game well, driving to the rim or quick stop jumper, 17-30. His free throw was also the result of attaching rim and drawing fouls.  However, his long range shooting without driving is horible, 7-27, last two games, 1-15. though half the case was ball bonced to back to him wihout time left on the clock, he forced to make a long shot.  In long term, he needs to work on this kind of jumbers as a point guard, and learn something from Novak or so. In short term, he should avoid such shots but to run to the rim.
Ratpack4life::KNICKS SUCKS LOL!!!!!!!! Their better WITHOUT MELO  #fact
oreed luv his redsox::wow knicks got owned ;)   now watch them go on a losing streak
rayjackson1::Knicks still suck.  Nice litle 5 game win streak against some average teams that are struggling (Pacers &amp; Sixers).  The elite teams will kick your a$$es as usual.  You will squeak into the playoffs and get bounced in first round just like last year.  You are a long, long way from even competing for a title.  Stop dreaming and face reality.
Jmrwacko::Did you wake up with hemorrhoids this morning or something? Chill out, bro. Go drink some prune juice.
Zamian7833::Its not about losing ONE game! Its losing to a 3rd tier team like the Raptor that pis.ses people off!! If we lost to the Heat or Bulls..fine! Obviously!
lcarnegie::raptors may not have the best record but they have been without bargnani for most of the season. they are a 500 team with him in the lineup. they also lose a ton of close games. very scrappy team
luis4106::Melo, JLin, Amare  even Jefferies as a fan i will root for this team win or lose, unlike most of you fans who only root when they win...if you really are a fan you would accept the good with the bad, I do believe the constant nagging and insults of players effects them. What we say is the same thing the analyst says so the player do hear it. support them and F@@K all these haters.
thermafill0::it is just one lost after a 5 game winning streak. all you knick haters can go f*** yourselves.
HOLLOW51386::what happened to the LINSANITY kraze? it sure has died down. Melo just doesnt make a team better at all
WhiteyFordWS1961MVP::No thank you Knicks owner James Dolan and your management. This team product system is still not good enough to compete with the rest of the NBA in the Postseason. They have never been good enough since after the Patrick Ewing era. Time to sell both the Rangers and the Knicks James Dolan. Both teams have never been back to the same level as they were in the 1990's since you took over both of them as owner.
luis4106::hey they could be allot worse. management is part to blame. I wonder how much different this team would be if they would have kept all those draft picks they throw away on dumb moves.
WhiteyFordWS1961MVP::If the last place Western Conference New Orleans Hornets was the worst team to lose a game against at home this season for the Knicks, the low ranked Eastern Conference Toronto Raptors was the worst team to lose a game against on the road this season for the Knicks. This shows you the Knicks will be eliminated quickly in the opening round of the Playoffs again this year.
Jmrwacko::Last year the Knicks would the series against the Celtics if they had put in just a little extra effort in the first two very close games. But they lost them and then the Celtics picked up momentum and swept the Knicks.  We arguably have a better team now, so we gotta get that 6th seed and win us a playoff series.
WhiteyFordWS1961MVP::If I was the Sabres I would rather face James Dolan's Rangers in the opening round of the Playoffs than the Penguins now.
luis4106::all it tells me is that they will be better next year. Dantoni threw away most of the year with his bad calls, JLin I hope would get better, and they will have chemistry next year.
the_scarlet _who::The Knicks occasionally rise to the occasion. I don't think they would win a series against Miami or Chicago, but they can definitely be more competitive than some of the other teams in the east when they are clicking.
luis4106::agree they seem to take bad teams lightly. Once woodson instills consistency in them through hard work they will grow.
the_scarlet _who::Schedule in April is really tough. They need to win games like this one to make up for what will undoubtedly be a bad record in April. They need to put up something like a 4-1 record in the next 5 games.
luis4106::LOL! you bandwagon fans are pathetic, if Melo plays team ball you criticize him for not shooting if he shoots you criticize him for shooting to much. There are more players on this team who had a worse game today. The problem is not melo his man didn't score 30pts. The problem is that they shot to many 3's after the first half they were 1-12. in the second half they went 4-12 basically shooting themselves out the game. plus no one took it to the rim. Amare stands around too much waiting for his shot while playing no D. and Fields just blows.
yale203::Lin has only had two weak games: last night's and the Heat game.  Lin is an awesome player.
Jmrwacko::He's had several poor games. He's no Rondo.
odiesihs::Rondo has had several poor games as well when he first came into the league Rondo on started 25 games his rookie season, averaging only 6 points and 4 assists, and 10 points 5 assists his sophomore year. Player's take time to develop.   Now I am not saying Lin is super good, and i recognize that his game has flaws that are easy to expose, but he is not bad when considering he was thrust into the starting lineup and played nearly 40+ minutes a game after sitting on the end of the bench all of last year, and that he didn't even play point guard in college nor was he playing strong teams in college. I do think though that he has handled the transition and his own circumstances better than most players would. He is no star, but he is solid
NYCxMonte::Wtf r so many ppl complaining about lol. They cant win EVERY game. I know it sucks and we should of won but it was an off night. Couldnt hit the 3. And those talking crap about melo... Hes just having a hard time getting his shot back. Look at his other stats hes playing all around now. And woodsoon is a good coach u dont get fired for losing one game. Plus lin is still the starting pg do u ppl complaining even watch the games or just look at the stats at the end?
MeeGale757::Well written.
pk9394::Stephen  A. Smith still have not return.
RyanCarranza::So NY won 5 straight, lost 6 straight before that, what's the next streak?  8 game losing streak?
steelerfanincowtown::not one not two not three...
marat75::It could be 9 or 10...
Jeter002NYY::It's time to sent JR Smith back to China and Carmelo back to Denver.
Zamian7833::Smith is ok but I wish I could kick Melo A$$ to Iraq!
Zamian7833::I WANT TO KNOW WHAT WOODSON MEAN BY ACCOUNTABILITY? THE KEY PLAYERS JUST LOST A HORRIBLE HORRIBLE GAME! WALK THE TALK WOODY!!!
mark35345::Davis hasn't played well since 2007. The Knick rollercoaster is going downhill now. Hope they hang on to the 8th seed for all the money they spend;. It doesn't matter - a first round exit is imminent.
Zamian7833::Melo and Davis is a joke! Hope Dolan has the sense to fire or trade them off after the season ends. Woodson wanted to proof he can W with Melo and Davis WITHOUT Linsanity...hope he learned his lesson. If he wasn't trying to proof anything, then hes just a clown and a moron who got lucky with a few Ws! Damm, hope Jackson accept the job on his term to fire anyone he wants and trade Melo and Davis off on his first hour! 18millions for a star who can't score??? except with his secretary!!!!
DeAntony007::Where are my fans and the heaters?----------------melo
Losmonsta::melo is no leader. isnt gettinig to the line is a jump shooting nightmare. count on him to have his shot blocked or charge or turn it over when the O needs life.  and why does schump EVER shoot 3's??? he should NOT jump shoot AT ALL. drive or pass.  this is the pattern, get to or near .500. feed melo. lose.  also JR should reign it in a bit.  knicks still schizoid on D.
luis4106::Quit liking yourself makes you look dumber than your comments
MeeGale757::You are watching the games.
DeAntony007::Bobcats&gt;Raptors&gt;Knicks=Knicks still suck. Fact.
DeAntony007::Bobcats&gt;Raptors&gt;Knicks
Zamian7833::Melo Screws everything up! On court and at home! If he stop "shooting or screwing" his personal assistant, he would have more energy to play real basketball on court!
melo fan1105::the knicks shouldnt be sad. its just one game.
nycpratl::that's right.  they've also only lost to tor and mil twice each.  and gs.  and nj.  and nola.  yeah it's just one game.
luis4106::at least its consistent against bad teams, its the good teams i worry about.
nba8888::For games, there always either win or loss, why people so panic when Knick lose this one game which is at Raptor's court. Miami is such a good team, but they lose their home games too. Plus, for the total score, Knicks still is 2-1 vs Raptors. But I do agree that Newyork shouldn't lose all 7 games in last failure stream which should have helped them move up the ranking. For a bad game, players should take 30% of the blame because they are the one who implement the coach's strategy. But for 60%, we should blame the coach, he is the leader who deliver the strategy and line-up for the whole game. Woodson lost a chess game with bad strategy, maily it's his fault. Of course we should consider 10% of other factors like player's competition mode, if it's home court or not....
juaaaan44::I miss last year's team :(  oh what could've been had the trade not gone down and novak/lin/shumpert been added.
luis4106::please go away with those stupid comments of last year, you sound like someone who wishes they still had their HS girlfriend while being married
NYCxMonte::Well they would still have felton so they wouldnt have gotten novak...this team is better anyways.
chisoldier::The honeymoon period is coming to an end.  The Knicks showed some flashes of being a decent defensive team, but once again they prove that they dont have the discipline to bring that effort every single night.  Thats why they wont get past teams like Chicago and Miami. Those teams dont take nights off defensively.
chisoldier::First, I'm not a Knick fan and yes it is only one game. But the Knicks have shown all season that they don't consistently bring that defensively intensity on a nightly basis. What makes you think its gonna change once the playoffs start?
NYFranc::the knicks did last year.
juaaaan44::Last year game1 they played decent defense until Billups blew up.  After that, Amare got injured and it wasn't a fair series anymore.  The Pacers gave the Bulls hell.  Teams turn it up come postseason.  The immediate effects of losing a game are there.  Just like people will try harder with schoolwork the closer it gets to report card day.
chisoldier::When your two best players have never been known for playing with any consistent defensive effort, what makes you think they are gonna be able to just hit the switch and become good defenders overnight.
juaaaan44::IT ALWAYS changes come playoffs time!  ALWAYS.  No one comes in soft during playoffs.
juaaaan44::calm your nuts.  one game.  if they blow out the pistons tonight you'll be talking about how easy knicks blow out teams and can win a championship.
alin004::Lin shut down Calderon 0-10 shooting but the Knicks lost bc Woodson relied on JR Smith and the corpse of Baron Davis too much. Plus the real Melo came back with lazy defense
NNVBcoach::Here's a point or a fact. The Knicks lost last night because the big 3 salaries combined for 13 for 32 and 11 turnovers. I'll let everyone decide how well they play or didn't play defense.
nba8888::There are so many people out there miss such a good point , no, I should say such a good fact.
juaaaan44::the plus minus doesn't agree with you.  You mean tooo much melo and chandler!
Traci1917::right on.  +/- is deceiving and not reliable in making a judgement on a player's game.  it doesn't take into account how everyone else is playing.  it's a team game, and if i give you a good shot but you can't make it, that's reflected on me.  +/- is only good from a TEAM standpoint.
NNVBcoach::The plus minus system will make all the players on the winning team look good (plus). I could be 0-10 with 10 turnovers, and if my team won, I would be in the plus side of the plus minus stat. Back to your original point - Melo and Chandler had a real bad game.
juaaaan44::good point but plus minus is a fact.  maybe calderon was giving great hockey assists or letting people purposely score so that the other opponents' players don't  get rythm, lol.
NNVBcoach::The plus minus system can be deceiving - Calderon was 0-10 and was +16. Lin was -19. Who do you think had a better game?
trollmachine1::Goodbye Playoffs.. its sad but its the truth.
NNVBcoach::Woodson &amp; Stephen A Smith: How you like the star players - Melo, Stoudemire &amp; Davis - system now, each with 4 turnovers. I guess you rather lose this way than develop a true point-guard that can lead the Knicks in the future!
NYFranc::Baron Davis - a star? GTFOH.
tampaAsian1234::I miss Linsanity...alot
cjr12344::Melo is a blackhole.  He is not a team player and grossly overrated.
ceeboogie49::No excuses here tonight. Knicks had a day off, were rested, came out flat and didn't pay defense. Toronto scored at will + the Knicks couldn't hit the ocean, they settled for jump shots instead of driving to the basket, they didn't move the ball (Baron I'm talking to you!!!!).  It's a tale of two teams with these Knicks, lets see how they look tonight + Monday.  A win last night would have kept them three behind Philly and 1.5 behind the Celtics....it was an important game + they didn't play like it.
Traci1917::their perimeter shooting was cr@p last nite, that's why they lost.  in their game against pacers their fg % was way better.  points in the paint were less, but they were making the perimeter shots.  defense also was cr@p last nite as raptors penetrated easily.  i don't know, i think the excuse is that raptors fked with the basket rim.. so many of knicks' shots just bounced right back. LOL  and the refs were paid off... did amare really travel?
nycpratl::this team is incapable of making sustained progress. not the right mix of players.  blaming it all on dantoni was easy but the core issues remain.  poorly constructed, mediocre club.  max salary cap buys you this?  inexcusable
Dr Killapatient::So close, so very close... To .500. lol
linsidemebaby::something wrong with the box score ?
krusty627::hahaha
iceweasel69::Does Melo look a bit chunky or is it just me? He needs to seriously hit the gym and drop that baby fat.
NNVBcoach::Your eyes need a minor tune-up - it's not baby fat, but dollar bills stuck to his waist and thighs!
iceweasel69::The Knicks are back!!!
trollmachine1::bwahahahahah
53Kevin::Yeah the Kncks are back! ! !   STILL BACK IN THE 8TH SEED!
junyangche::less than 5000+
leebo1975::Why is everyone hating in here.  They lost a tough road game after winning five straight.  They rested the players.  Lin only got like 20 minutes.  Geez all these haters must still be mad about the G-men beating down the Pats.  Can't go to that board so they just come here and Troll.  F'in New Englanders.
krusty627::iceweasel69! both teams are sub .500 and Toronto has had a habit of losing to really poor teams and stepping up to play for the tough ones. They changed to zone last night - Casey can motivate his players to play D (on most nights). The ACC is also not a friendly place to come and play in.
53Kevin::BCUZ,YOU KNICK FANS WERE TALKING $@%! ON OTHER BOARDS!
iceweasel69::Tough road game???!! Are you f-ing serious? Toronto is a sub .500 team. What are you smoking dude, cuz I want some.
Brother Theodore::Jeffries' absence is da reason for this pisspoor performance.
junyangche::no reason to lose
PutYouOn::lmao ur kidding right
53Kevin::YEAH,one of you Knick fans got on the Bulls chat board talking about "Move over Bulls and Heat because the Knicks run the east"! Well you sure looked good running the east losing to the Raptors with all your players while the Bulls and Heat can beat the Raptors without Rose and Lebron.You know who you are,own it!
marat75::Patrick Ewing must be throwing up every time he watches a Knicks game.
Zamian7833::I said it before a thousand times and I will say it again: Melo SUCK!!! All Melo lover if you want to debate this, LLOOOKKKK AT HIS $@%!$@% SCORING STATS!!!! The last few games he played good D and team game was because he was on a rush the MDA resignation gave him, the pressure the knicks fan were putting on him..and now after 5W, hes not only still crappy and lazy again! I guess Dolan has to hire and fire MDA every other night to give him that rush! And somebody please fire his personal assistant ASANI,  she's blowing him every night and thats why he is lazy and tired!!! Second, will somebody tell that moron Woodson that if he wants to keep his job, he MUST benched Davis and let LIN take over! Davis should retire already!!! Isn't the  knicks winning more important than putting a black brother back to kill Linsanity?!?!?!?!? My post might sound like I'm a racist but lets be clear, I am NOT, I love Amare, Chandler, Shum,JJ, Smith, Jordan, Kobe, Lebron and a whole lot of other black players who are truly STARS!
