C.N.S.::Lakers fans were expecting way too much from Kobe Bryant.  Sports writers too.  As he started getting close to his return all the sports columnists started getting all hyped up and talking about him like he was going to be an MVP candidate again, and go around dropping 80 point games.  No one has ever come back from an injury like that his late in their career to be a HOF caliber player.  Kobe can still be productive, but he's never going to be a first option again.  As a 3rd or 4th option he'll be great.    Of course, being the highest paid player in the NBA, and a total #$%$ head in the locker room, he's going to have a negative impact on his team overall, but at least he should be good for a few more highlight reels for his longtime fans.
El Jefe MN::Funny how things turn so quickly.  Laker fans would have burned down Staples Center if Kobe wanted to continue to play and the Lakers didn't sign him to an extension.    And anyone who thinks Kobe would have stayed in LA and NOT remained the highest paid player in the game is crazy.  So, ownership really had no choice.  Now LA fans get to have a front row seat of 2+ years of mediocrity and watch their hero slowly decline before their very eyes.  This whole notion about how LA owed it to Kobe to be a Laker for life is ridiculous.  Peyton didn't do it, Roger Clemens didn't do it, Kareem, Wilt, Babe Ruth, Joe Montana....all great players that changed teams.    The Kobe signing was to placate a rabid fan base and to make money.  Had nothing to do with winning championships.  You can't rebuilt when one aging player takes up 40% of the cap space and refuses to relinquish the "alpha-dog" title.  Take a good look, cause this is as good as it gets for the next 2+ years.
Wrekless916::The Lakers are purposely tanking now, but do they really need to?  We all know they could get in the lottery with a 1% chance of getting the 1st pick and SOMEHOW they will.  I'll put my crystal ball down now.
Malicong::Laker fans, I understand when you say he is coming off a major injury and he needs time. But if he is only capable of these kinds of performances, he shouldn't be back already and that injury has nothing to do with the TO's.
Elyl::after 1 season and there is still inconsistency with players rotation and playtime, now it is time to blame the coach.
Ddog::Nick on his way for another BIG night.
Justin::Time for Bryant to retire and take Nash with him.  Come on, you Laker fans.  Bryant is pushing 40 and Nash IS 40.  Both are well past their prime, respectfully.  Bryant will only RUIN his legend by continuing to play; truth be told, Lakers were WINNING before Bryant returned and with Nash benched.  Jerry Buss, put you signature on YOUR team; get rid of Bryant and retire Nash.  Currently, Lakers suck!
1blazermaniac4ever::i hate to say it but im going to kobe just retire bro u got your rings and mvp's you played in the olympics etc leave behind a great legacy.lets remember kobe for what he was not this. sincerely a fan of basketball and yes i understand he wants to go out on his own terms but.
Kevy Dooly::I hope that Men's Warehouse backs their slogan.
Oink Oink Dooley::I dream that basketballs are giant pieces of candy.
