Slurm Soda::lol man
Slurm Soda::lol man
milw-jay::obviously Paul Pierce is the MVP of the league.
CosmoKramer1444::Knight and Monroe are the ONLY reasons Pistons fans should be excited for the future. The rest of the team is either former stars(Prince/Ben) who are WAYYYY too old, or just plain awful(everyone else).
citygirl_565::Alot of Celtics haters these days.......smh
brucepoulin::Now the C's will pay for trading away the little young talent that had, its too late to get anything for the old 3 and they have already tried to trade Rando twice without succes. It will be another 20years between titles...
ynot1825::your mommy didn't breast feed you did she????
citygirl_565::Lmao
scimmyscum::http://www.allfreechips.com/?ref=sapcunc
ynot1825::Being a Celtics fan all I can say is thank goodness were in the Atlantic division...
brucepoulin::Why so you can barely make the playoff and lose in 1st round..........Its over
ynot1825::you like kock don't you????
RaidersCelticsRedsox::i think its funny how the heat stole the in bound alley oop from the celtics when we used that play to get one of our wins vs. them last year...
nba is the worst::Congrats on the 1st win, Boston - and on getting a game out of JO for once!
flybye23::1st win finally.   how sad, lmao !!!
flybye23::so your big three can't win without the 4th ???    thats not good either.  should have depth on the bench to help.   C's seem to be going backwards.
nba is the worst::Congrats on your heatles for finally winning a game without massive ref help - just a few key calls were needed in Minny
BDENTEL2::I know losing two close games on the road to Miami and New York without Pierce is very sad - I'm sure looking at their championship rings will make the Big Four feel better
Luclongley_MVP::January 12th is the absolute earliest the Pistons will get their first win.  Joe Dumars is the GM who asks David Kahn for advice on being a GM.
goirish179::congrats to the old timer, washed up celts team on your first win.
Merriweather Brown::J. O'Neal is Irish.
wlvol2::"extended minutes and flow"   wow, why we know why O'neal sucked so much last year, never got into the flow.
abenezer44::its weird boston is my second favorite team in the nba, and i think boston is the second worst city in america.
I LoveBush::Abenezer probably tried to get a job here. We don't let in riff-raff garbage man. Move along...
Sundaywarriors1990::I can name at least 100 worse american cities, maybe more. Detroit, Cleveland,  Baltimore, St Louis, Kansas City, Oakland, San Jose, Los Angeles, Dallas, Houston, New Orleans, Orlando, Atlanta, Columbus, Cincinnati, Memphis, Toledo, Indianapolis, Milwaukee, Charlotte, New Haven, Bridgeport, Newark, Providence and that's just getting warmed up.
BigX951::Oh wow Boston AARP team finally won a game
chocolatethunder.::Ray Allen is shooting 58% from the field and 58% from 3 point range.   Thats silly.
Merriweather Brown::Are you trying to steal Chocolate Thunder from Darryl Dawkins? Or are you Darryl Dawkins???
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::BALLSTON: 1-3, AND HEADED FOR THE LOTTERY!!
I LoveBush::we should hope that happens because we need talent. Ainge shouldn't be allowed to make a pick though. He is awful.
DaBostonStrangler10::Nope
okplayer27::FUCK Boston, the worst piece of shit city in the country
DaBostonStrangler10::I remember seeing you on NBA boards last night asking how to swear when that troll kept doing it. Clearly, you figured it out.
okplayer27::Yeah i actually just wanted to try it out. Boston's a fucking fine city
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::??
LAfan8390::A Crazy fan/streaker guy or whatver ran around the court and eventually got caught at the game today.  It's pretty interesting how this stuff happens.
touchmeagainplease::who cares the celtics  suck anyway
DaBostonStrangler10::I'm guessing you don't get touched enough, eh?
chocolatethunder.::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQZ5zspYHOc  Here is the Wade version. Compare with the Pierce to Rondo version below and you will see they similarities. The spacing, the curl by Wade/Rondo
citygirl_565::yea u were rite
citygirl_565::Im watching CSN and they asked LeBron where did they get tht idea to do tht alley-oop to D-Wade for the game winner......LeBron said they stole it from the Celtics...when the C's did tht against the Knicks to win one of the Playoff games
xGodofAcidx::I'm not impressed with CSN lately..
citygirl_565::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0X9ow2A1mbo
citygirl_565::but mayb ur rite...i probably wasnt listening good
chocolatethunder.::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUC9jIKB9cE&amp;feature=related
chocolatethunder.::Well i dont know what Lebron is talking about then. The lob from Pierce to Rondo is exactly the same play they ran tonight for Wade. The only game winning lob i remember from Rondo to Kg was vs. the Sixers.
citygirl_565::no he was talking about the lob from rondo to KG which tied the game.....
chocolatethunder.::It wasnt against the Knicks, it was against the Heat. It was a lob from Pierce to Rondo.
chocolatethunder.::And it was a regular season game.
xGodofAcidx::I heard CSN suggesting this, the 4th game of the year, might be a must win. Pounding that panic button as soon as they could.
citygirl_565::cnt stand when people do tht
citygirl_565::Is the C's playing LAL this year???
chocolatethunder.::So basically, count those as two easy wins for Boston.
chocolatethunder.::Twice. First game is in Feb. i think.
chocolatethunder.::I actually wish Kg would be a little more selfish and shoot more. Like shoot right after the catch.
chocolatethunder.::Hes playing kind of timid. I dont like it.. He had a great position down low and instead of taking the shot he kicked it out to Rondo with a couple of seconds on the shot clock and Rondo had to throw up a prayer. You could tell Rondo was annoyed by that. He has to take that shot.
citygirl_565::the guys was saying tht probably KG knows tht he isnt 100% so he is passing up the shot....so mayb as the season goes on and KG becomes 100% he will take tht shot
citygirl_565::thts wat those guys was saying after the game...tht KG needs to shoot more
chocolatethunder.::"The beauty of that team," said Frank wistfully, "is everyone does their part. There's never just one guy going for 35 (points)."  Well said Mr. Frank, thats why i love watching Boston play. No ball hogs or egos.
mcase94::i agree
mcase94::who has the biggest ego on boston you think?
chocolatethunder.::But to a certain extent, i think all guys who take on the role of a teams leading scorer need to have a little bit of an ego. They have to think they can score whenever they want.
chocolatethunder.::Pierce
DaBostonStrangler10::But I must admit some of them do have egos. Not HUGE egos like Lebron and Kobe, but small egos.
DaBostonStrangler10::Exactly. They won't go down until their walkers break and their false teeth fall out.   In other words, they'll go til the very end.
chocolatethunder.::They may not win a Title and they may in fact be done, but they will go down together, sharing the ball and playing together.
chocolatethunder.::True. But it doesnt affect their selflessness on the court usually. They always seem to play together. How about that pass that Ray Allen threw to ONeal after he faked that 3 point shot. You could tell Oneal was totally not expecting that pass. But for Ray, it was a higher percentage shot to pass to Oneal. Selflessness.
DaBostonStrangler10::Amen
CaptainReachAround::Atlantic only division to have no teams over .500. Hell! over .333 Every other division has at least two or three over .500
Seepz19::that says so much 3-4 games into the season. you should work for espn with the rest of the tabloid sports journalists
citygirl_565::l0l.....some ppl were sayin tht the C's are done they arent going to the playoff's....just because they lost the first 3 games
CaptainReachAround::Half of Celts roster is 29 or over. Time to get young.
chocolatethunder.::Young teams dont win Titles.
citygirl_565::o ok...then i agree with you
chocolatethunder.::I was specifically talking about the NBA
citygirl_565::are u talking bout in the Nba or just in general
Shawn54983::http://www.celticstitletown.com/apps/blog/
DaBostonStrangler10::No
CaptainReachAround::VICTORY!!!!! Hallelujah!!!!!!
citygirl_565::ikr
CaptainReachAround::A losing streak at the beginning is usually more painful since there's no context. Reminds me of Sox poor start and they turned it around; well, most of the season. But with the big three 34 and over, time may be catching up.
CaptainReachAround::Not used to them losing three in a row. The pain, then release. Hope they can keep it going beyond the bad teams. Go Cs!!!!!
chocolatethunder.::Im not used to starting the season with a 3 games losing streak. But in 2010 the Celtics had a few 3 game losing streaks and went to the Finals. I think its the first time since 07 that the Big 3 have not all been available to start the season.
citygirl_565::rite!!! when the game ended i was like FINALLY
chocolatethunder.::Boston is undefeated with its starting 5 in tact. Nobody can compete with this team.
jpsalcid35::cry me a river
DaBostonStrangler10::Do all teams play back-to-back-to-back games this season? Because I have looked on the Celtics schedule several times and they have nothing scheduled to play three nights in a row.
Sundaywarriors1990::Raptors, Nets and Bobcats.
mcase94::if the tension is this high early in season cant wait for playoffs ...or possibly not ...FIGHT!!!
Sundaywarriors1990::They have a back to back to back in April.
citygirl_565::lets hope 4 the best
What The Hell 9330::They play at Miami on the 10th and then at home against Atlanta, then at the Knicks on the 17th, it could be a little rough stretch for them, but I think 4 wins will come out of that.
citygirl_565::o ok...doesnt seem so hard but then again they are an older team...but u never knoe
What The Hell 9330::At Toronto, at New Jersey, and at Charlotte. April 13, 14, and 15.
citygirl_565::which 3 teams are they playin in tht stretch
What The Hell 9330::Yeah, that's where I thought I saw it at.
citygirl_565::atlanta
citygirl_565::@ what the hell......THANK YOU!!!
citygirl_565::y should it matter obiviously u understand wat im sayin
What The Hell 9330::What's so wrong with "slang?" You still understand it.
reggieinatl::I'm still waiting for a post from you spelled correctly without slang.
citygirl_565::how bout you fall off the face of the earth
reggieinatl::NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!  I'm moving. Sorry America.
What The Hell 9330::I thought they did? Near the end of the schedule I thought I saw it.
DaBostonStrangler10::Thanks for answering my question ass hole
DaBostonStrangler10::Little boy? I'm 24. lol
reggieinatl::Most teams do.  Watch your mouth little boy.
reggieinatl::They are 63 years old.  Every game feels like a back to back to back.
citygirl_565::anybody can beat the Hawks
What The Hell 9330::That old team can sure as hell still beat yours. Doesn't it suck to lose to 63 year olds?
reggieinatl::city girl, where are you from? I want to make sure I never visit.
citygirl_565::-.-
reggieinatl::citygirl_565, are we being punked?  Don't tell me you really talk like this.  Are you from Boston? If so, I'm sure even your fellow Bostonians want you to shut up.
Soxwin91::FOR CHRIST SAKE! the fact that taxxpayer dollars are going towards educating you makes me weep for the future of this country. PICK UP A DAMN BOOK and LEARN THE LANGUAGE!
citygirl_565::trust me...when it comes time to talk nd write proper i do.....so stop having a lil fit nd calm down
What The Hell 9330::Let's all bi<b></b>tch and moan because some people decide to type in shorthand!!!
Soxwin91::Just because you're a wanna be gangsta and you and your punk friends think it's cool to speak in ebonics  doesn't make it so.
citygirl_565::o gosh u again!!!
citygirl_565::u nd tht other person did
citygirl_565::wanna be gangsta...haha u make me laugh
reggieinatl::Sorry, let me translate for you: r wee beeng punkkdd? dont tel me u reely tok lik dis. r u from bostone? Is so, im sure eevn you fello bostinians want u 2 shut up.
reggieinatl::Yeah.  I liked it twice.  Great observation.
citygirl_565::kinda pathetic tht u liked ur own post....smh
reggieinatl::where?
citygirl_565::not from boston
Soxwin91::thank you! not only is she spewing nonsensical blather ("the Celtics are going to make the playoffs"...what a joke) she's speaking like she's a wanna be gangsta
citygirl_565::not from Boston
GridIronMaidens::Best thing to happen to Detroit is to bottom out and get that overall pick.
citygirl_565::u knoe its bad when the Celtics is tied with the Nets :(
citygirl_565::@ soxwin sure they wont
Soxwin91::the Celtics are a bunch of washed up geriatrics that couldn't play their way out of a wet paper bag
mcase94::im not saying they will go deep in playoffs, but the celts will atleast make postseason
Soxwin91::No, it's fact status. I don't often agree with Bayless, but seeing as I detest the Celtics--and for the record I'm from Boston--I hope it happens...and I am in luck. It's going to happen.
mcase94::what? thats skip bayless status nonsense right there
Soxwin91::It'll be worse for Celtics and their fans when when the Nets finish ahead of them. It's going to happen. Celtics are not making the playoffs.
CosmoKramer1444::Have you seen the Nets this year? Awful.....
Soxwin91::stop fooling yourself. the Celtics are beyond done. if they do make it, then it will be as the number eight seed and they'll be swept aside by the Heat with four losses by an average of 30 points. But luckily for their pride, it won't happen because they're not making it
citygirl_565::rofl rofl ur funny.....if the C's dnt make it i know damn well the Nets wont.....BTW the C's will make it :)
mcase94::haha
GridIronMaidens::Not as bad as our education system apparently
reggieinatl::LOL at the Atlantic Conference.  EVERY team has a losing record.  They have sucked for the last few years.  I remember laughing at a Boston fan who was bragging that they won their division.
CosmoKramer1444::Three playoff teams in the ATL
citygirl_565::^   -.- shutup
citygirl_565::l0l at u......ur home team is the Atl Hawks.....who are they???....just becasue they aint lose yet dnt mean nothin  i cnt wait till they lose to some team so i can laugh in your face
reggieinatl::Are you foreign?  That is the worst English I've heard in a while.  Now go be quiet. Grown folks are talking.
mcase94::the season is 4 games in i think theyll be alright....except NJ
reggieinatl::Who makes the playoffs out of the atlantic? Currently standings: NY, PHI, TOR, NJ, BOS
reggieinatl::http://espn.go.com/nba/standings
Giggityiggity::Someone had to win...
HEY GUYS I HAVE NO LIFE::HOW DO YOU DEAL WITH A ‘TROLL’?     The best ways to deal with trolls are the following :      Ignore postings that you suspect may be from trolls.     Don't invest any of your self emotionally until you have verified beyond all doubt that the person you are dealing with is genuine Beware of off list emails that praise and flatter, or seem to evoke sympathy.      If you feel yourself beginning to like someone, ask first: how much verifiable data do I have about them?     If you do get involved in anyone, seek out verifiable data. Trolls will provide some data that will lead to dead ends; real people will provide some data that is open-ended and leads to a myriad of sources which enable you to verify their genuine status If you must respond to a troll posting, don't get involved in the argument; limit it to pointing out that the posting may be considered as trollish, for the benefit of other list members.     Put the suspected Troll on your block or banned list.
HEY GUYS I HAVE NO LIFE::HOW DO YOU DEAL WITH A ‘TROLL’?     The best ways to deal with trolls are the following :      Ignore postings that you suspect may be from trolls.     Don't invest any of your self emotionally until you have verified beyond all doubt that the person you are dealing with is genuine Beware of off list emails that praise and flatter, or seem to evoke sympathy.      If you feel yourself beginning to like someone, ask first: how much verifiable data do I have about them?     If you do get involved in anyone, seek out verifiable data. Trolls will provide some data that will lead to dead ends; real people will provide some data that is open-ended and leads to a myriad of sources which enable you to verify their genuine status If you must respond to a troll posting, don't get involved in the argument; limit it to pointing out that the posting may be considered as trollish, for the benefit of other list members.     Put the suspected Troll on your block or banned list.
citygirl_565::ur acting like a troll rite now
citygirl_565::ur acting like a troll by posting irrevelant stuff
HEY GUYS I HAVE NO LIFE::HOW DO YOU DEAL WITH A ‘TROLL’?     The best ways to deal with trolls are the following :      Ignore postings that you suspect may be from trolls.     Don't invest any of your self emotionally until you have verified beyond all doubt that the person you are dealing with is genuine Beware of off list emails that praise and flatter, or seem to evoke sympathy.      If you feel yourself beginning to like someone, ask first: how much verifiable data do I have about them?     If you do get involved in anyone, seek out verifiable data. Trolls will provide some data that will lead to dead ends; real people will provide some data that is open-ended and leads to a myriad of sources which enable you to verify their genuine status If you must respond to a troll posting, don't get involved in the argument; limit it to pointing out that the posting may be considered as trollish, for the benefit of other list members.     Put the suspected Troll on your block or banned list.
HEY GUYS I HAVE NO LIFE::We have been studying Troll behavior for many years, and find that the main reason they act this way is because of mental health issues or psychological problems. This has been discussed in depth with psychologists and therapists, and they have come to the same conclusions: That trolls are people with serious socialogical, psychological and deep-seated mental issues, stemming from either sexual abuse, mental illness, and problems with their sexual identity.        Do you really think any sane person would want to go onto a discussion board, with the sole purpose of starting an argument, if they were not mentally ill? These people would not act that way in the street in front of a random stranger, so what gives them the right to do it in an online environment? They are deluding themselves if they think that trolling is acceptable behavior. In my opinion, Trolls should be banned from the internet, and made to attend classes for their 'mental health issues', and be made to discuss why they feel the need to upset / harass / defame / belittle people online.       To understand why people 'troll' you first have to understand mental illness. Trolling is a sign of someone who is mentally ill, or who is emotionally unbalanced and angry at normal people for some reason or other.
MadTownSonia::Pierce probably made the difference to get Boston's 1st win.....
mcase94::they played better defensively, but take away oneal and bass and it was nothing special rondo only had like 9 in 24 mins
citygirl_565::rondo didnt need to score big tonite cuz PP was there....when the time comes again for Rondo to step up he will
mcase94::they were playing detroit...and really didnt even play that well
citygirl_565::i have to disagree.....the starters and some of the bench played well....but im not gonna say tht the WHOLE team played well....cuz they didnt
citygirl_565::when the Truth is on the floor its like a whole different Celtics team
dalepmurphy::If Ainge were smart, and maybe he is thinking of this, unload KG, Allen &amp; Pierce to teams looking for veterans at the end of the season and playoff runs.   There will be no banners for the Celts this year and the rebuilding can start by unloading these old timers before they become value-less and get nothing at all !
ynot1825::as much as i hate to admit it that's probably not a bad idea.......
STR8REBEL::Let this team play out the rest of the season. After this season, the C's can use all that money that comes off the book from JO, Ray and KG to put a team together.
What The Hell 9330::If you unload them, you unload the team because this team is all about chemistry. They have $40 million coming off the books this offseason, they can build around Rondo during the offseason and get players that are not just veteran minimum.
Rsp2008::Bynum and Macklin +7,only played 1 and 2 minutes each..
STR8REBEL::Happy Boston won tonight. Pierce coming back tonight helped the team out.
Rsp2008::Charlie V.'s rebounding stats won't increase when he gets back...
Rsp2008::Grainer is tougher...
HateBrass::Yeah, because she tell those little Mo Fos to  get off her nuts!
HateBrass::Brittney Griner grabs seven a game and she is horrible fundamentally. I think both she and Charlie V. had the same coach teaching them about rebounding.
Metta WorldHate::So who's the #1 pick this year?    Is Harrison Barnes the savior?
citygirl_565::@ metta worldhate.....love the name
HateBrass::Barnes ain't worth a No.1 pick unless he goes to a great team and fit in.  The Pistons need size and someone with skills and attitude and I like Yancy Gates at Cincinnati.  The guy has great size, great hands, a nice shot and can rebound and defend. He has pro potential but playing with scrubs at Cincy.
Metta WorldHate::Sullinger sucks.
Rsp2008::Last place looks good to me,lottery is only way to get better,Dumars days are numbered if he doesn't land a #1 pick...
Rsp2008::Pistons should play all their young players,get spanked but experience then live with a high draft pick and clean house of the old contracts..
Rsp2008::Max and Charlie would get you a 5th round draft pick...P.S. There is only 2 rounds...
Rsp2008::Charlie V. (vacant defender) scores 12-15,gives up 25-30 and pisses his teammates off when he avoids simple defensive rotations,not a team player...
HateBrass::I would trade Prince to a contender and he would fetch someone immediately because a championship team may need depth and a defender at a key position. They might be desperate to give up more than he's worth.  I would keep Charlie V this year because he is a capable scorer.  I would get rid of Stuckey and make the 6-10 Daye my starting shooting guard who can post up smaller guys and get foul shots.  Also, package Maxiel and Jerebko for a starting amll forward like CVaron Butler because the clippers don't need him as much as they need depth.  Butler is not going to get touches in LA with Griffin, Paul and Billups shooting so much.  This way the Clippers will have a bench.
Rsp2008::#1 pick can be traded with a couple players(Stucky &amp; Charlie) and get a couple later picks and someone elses #1 = a couple spots needed filled...
HateBrass::The draft is not goiung to help Detroit this year because if Jared Sullinger is considered the best player, the picking is weak.  Sullinger will be a bust for sho!  Pistons need a trade where they can get a couple good players and a package where they get draft piucks a couple of years away once they become better.
boo123101::Hey thats my new favorite T.V. series and Barry is da bomb
