Calebrobbyahoo.com::Gerald Wallace MVP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jake111438::Raps need Jay Triano.
MikeEffingG::No respect for Aldridge! Big surprise, but there's no mention of his 33, 23 &amp; 5 ANYWHERE in the ESPN NBA headlines. Do I need glasses or does he always get overlooked?
djarodyankees2004::I know. Deron Williams's 'wish list' makes the front page. A 'wish list!' If this were Lebron's performance, this would be called the performance of the decade and be on ESPN's front page for months.
mrgstiffler::This is what I was coming here to mention too. No headline anywhere.
seattlemarinersnumber1::Same with me! Plus, Kobe's wife gets 3 mansions in the divorce settlement. If ESPN doesn't want to promote a smaller market team such as Portland, so be it. But overlooking L-Train's incredible performance for the likes of Kobe's personal drama is inexcusable.
LookatYankee::Perfect! That's exactly what I came on here to type. Guy gets 33 and 23 and can't crack the list of headlines...but I saw someone beat the Rondo-less Celtics. THAT, apparently, is more exciting news.
VoteVladphillyboy::the raptors let a hurt player score 33 with 23 rebounds wtf    LA&gt; Raptors whole team
Bulls 48::Would the Blazers like to trade Aldridge back to the Bulls?  We'll give you the white mamba and the hot sauce.
BleedYellow0587::^^^ I think this answers the question...
Rip_City27::Whos white mamba and whos hot sauce??
CandySparker::LaMarcus Aldridge for All Star
MikeEffingG::Hellzyeah. If only he could get some consistent offensive support from the backcourt.
Rip_City27::Easily
CandySparker::LaMarcus Aldridge is a man.
Chex Lemeneux 6::thank you for clarifying -- i thought he was Brittany Grimer's twin sister for a second
blazers234::please trade for deron williams felton is a undersized overweight $@%!$
pdxrovermech::still a huge upgrade over felton
Jono Lee::Deron Williams is overrated imo.
platachog::Well, we pretty well against the Craptors. I felt like a lot of calls were getting missed throughout that game.
zachrlee::Aldridge is the best power forward in the NBA.
pdxrovermech::really?
SB4LlFE::Why do the Raptors suck so bad year after year.... wow.. what a horrible franchise
slim_greaser::why did Bosh leave the Raptors, he fit right in, especially since he looked just like one...
zakerns::i know right, after Vince Carter they have been crap
gt1master_ike::Love is one of the worst defensive players at his position  Aldridge might not be the rebounder he is but he covers more ground and is a far superior defender.  ANd please can we stop hyping love averaging 25. He is shooting 43 percent from the field which is horrible for a power forward.
pdxrovermech::love averages far more rebounds and has much better hands. he may not be able to create a shot like aldridge, but i honestly think his d is better. he doesnt have LA's size but you'd be hard pressed to find a PF that moves his feet and gets in position better than Love. neither one is a viable first option on a championship contender.
Orckrast::Almost 50% isnt bad at all.
rag63top::Correct and Aldridge's 49% is amazingly better..... I am not arguing any facts that they are both great.  Forgot this is a Portland board so everyone's views are bias.
blazers4lyf::LMA 33 pts and 23 rebs. LMA&gt;love+griffin anyday!
platachog::It's easy to get rebounds when your team shoots like garbage and you miss layups and get your own rebound. That's all I've noticed of Love, though I don't watch him much.
blazers4lyf::and one more thing rag: you like your own post. lol
blazers4lyf::hey rag: i understand your point but love has more rebound over aldridge because there's no player other than love who CAN rebound on that team, they are allergic to rebound. while LMA has fewer rebs coz blazers have camby who is a legit rebounder. now, love can do all his stuff but in the end they still lose. admit it!
Thornz503::what's the twolves record again?
JDarren_3::Plus Love has never led his team to a winning record.
rag63top::That is one game.  I think Aldrige is awesome, but fact is Love puts up bigger numbers then him every game.  Maybe not this game, but on average puts up better stats.  Love averaging 25pts 15reb,   Aldridge averaging 22pts 8 reb.  Aldridge is good, but not Love good.
mike_sully::how many games has love won for the wolves again? Right, come back when they start winning. Stats mean nothing if you can't win games
rag63top::How can you say that?  Do you know what a defensive rebound is?  Its not like either one of them are blocking shots.
PortlandBlazers1004::But Aldridge plays defense while Love doesn't.
WalkerSimmons1981::maybe they can make a comeback in the 5th period.....Oh yeah.....fans keep buying those tickets....lol....go craptors
ATLbraves541::<b>Aldridge went HAM</b>
jdredge::Hmm for as bad as the Blazers have been on the road they have 3 times as many wins on the road than the Lakers.
gri400::well Aldridge killed the raps today, easy allstar the way hes been playing. Raps did themselves no favours in the 1st half, seemed like only barbosa and james johnson were the only ones who cared tonight on the raps side. GG to the blazers, easy win for them
NONEOFYOURGDAMNBIZNESS::fuq Ron Paul and all republicans, Republicans are agianst Social Security, they would rather have poor people beg their church or next door neighbors for help. Ron Paul thinks Social Security is a sceam when in reality it allows millions of elderly americans to survive. I bet if his mother depended on Social Security he wouldnt be against it, but she probably doesnt.
pdxrovermech::protecting the rich or protecting people who work hard? i'm tired of supporting losers.
racesubaru::they are suckin it up on the road this year
NONEOFYOURGDAMNBIZNESS::Yeah, LA for all-stars, the rest of the Blazers suck as usual.
rag63top::I thought I was in a basketball message board....
NONEOFYOURGDAMNBIZNESS::You thought wrong, basketball is a leisure activity, Politically realities overrule frivolous sports. I may enjoy basketball, but basketball and all the other major league sports are just another sign of this countries mixed up priorities.  Who really deserves to be making millions of dollars? A heart surgeon or some dude throwing around a ball?
racesubaru::hey MLK had a dream cant I
racesubaru::i propose this:  I say let our current government have the coasts. east and west and all the people in them, who want to stay. then the rest of us can take over the middle of the country. start our own gig, free of sponges. we could be a people who only have what we work for.
NONEOFYOURGDAMNBIZNESS::@RACESUBARU that is a utopian fantasy, the federal government is nothing but thugs with paramiltary bodyguards. They will never allow "the people" to govern themselves or start a viable independent society among themselves, that would take away their revenue stream they have become adept at stealing from its own people.
ignasm::Obama racks up the record for broken promises:  http://www.wnd.com/2009/03/91286/  Under Obama we have reached record deficit and debt... USA is broke because of him
racesubaru::yea they are all corrupt, the ones who aren't don't seem to ever make it out of the primarys
NONEOFYOURGDAMNBIZNESS::2racesubaru, Yeah and Bush's war that "would pay for itself" has cost the American taxpayer a Trillion and counting. Acting like Obama is the beginning of this countries fiscal problems is a futile, groundless argument. Again, I am no Obama fan but compared to Bush? Bush is the world's largest criminal in my eyes.
NONEOFYOURGDAMNBIZNESS::At any rate, I am in no way a fan of Obama, but I sure as hell will never vote for these Republicans advocating "less taxes" That's all they can do, is hold the carrot stick out in front  of people desperate for economic improvement, give them the impression that they will have to pay no taxes and surprise, they will vote for you. Quite frankly it is an idiotic premise, Americans pay less taxes than almost all progressed Western countries. We pay far less for Gasoline as well yet people complain that we are "Socialist" now. Total propaganda BS
rag63top::@NONEOFYOURGDAMNBIZNESS Def was not condoning the actions of bush.  I was referencing him in the fact that Obama is being blamed for the issues that were clearly more the fault of Bush.
NONEOFYOURGDAMNBIZNESS::@rag63top, Bush was a imbecile puppet for the military industrial complex which is still profiting handsomely off of the bogus wars started in the name of "Terrorism" The american taxpayer has footed the bill while Dick Chaney's, Bushes and Obamas profit.
racesubaru::he may have started with a plate of spam, but he sure has bought a lot of steaks these last 3 years. he added more national debt than all previous presidents combined
rag63top::He didn't have anything to work with.  You must be too young to remember what the Bush administrations did.  Way to be misinformed and pass judgement.
R0M0-mentum09::@NONEOFYOURGDAMNBIZBESS Your severely uniformed.
rag63top::@NONEOFYOURGDAMNBIZNESS  You are 100% correct.  People don't understand how things work.  It is a shame that the future of our country is left up to people believing what people want them to believe rather then educating themselves on the truth.
NONEOFYOURGDAMNBIZNESS::@rag63top, lay off the psychotropic meds man, two parties that so-called "represent" a society of 300+ million people is not representation. Two parties in bed together to control the money that flows back and forth between them. It's not a conspiracy it is a FACT!
rag63top::Thats all you can do.  The whole Dem vs Rep is a little old.  When people vote only based on the party that a person represents it just shows the ignorance of society.  You vote for the best candidate available.  Not because you want to feel like you are a part in some special club.  Join a softball league if you want to be loyal to a team, use your brain if you want to vote for the person running the country.
NONEOFYOURGDAMNBIZNESS::@ignasm, Social Security is the most successful federal program ever implemented, it has kept tens of millions of Americans from digging through dumpsters for their food and using cardboard boxes for homes. Social Security is not the problem, the government's theft of Social Security funds is the problem, they steal from the social security fund to pay themselves and enrich their own state's constituents. It's called theft and it's a crime. Which makes our government criminals.
ignasm::It's Obama protecting the rich. Social security is paid for by tax payers, social security prescribes big pharma medication to run you out of your money... think it through all the way man
NONEOFYOURGDAMNBIZNESS::I didnt vote for Obama, but looking at the options this year, all republicans that just care about protecting the rich, I guess my vote is already decided, Obama it is, I wish there were a THIRD OR FOURTH option but the Democratic party and Republican party work together to corrupt the system. They make sure no 3rd party can come into being. So i will vote for the least evil in this case.
ignasm::Social Security is a nice idea when you can afford it... but it's not when you can't. You can pretend you can afford for while, but the later realize you can't the more it will hurt, everybody
R0M0-mentum09::and let me guess, your an Obama apologist?
YoungBlaza::Ron Paul is my Niqqah.
Zach4panthers::gg Aldridge
MetsNLChamps2012::L.A is a beast... I loved him since his days in Texas
-Lebron_James_6::wow, i've been saying aldridge is the best pf in the game for a year now and people hop on the blake and love talks.
Raptorsfan080::well hes not the BEST  pf in the game, but hes one of the best. AGREEED, Griffin is OVERRATED TO THE MAX. and Love, I think if he was put on another team, he wouldnt be puttin up the same numbers.. their inflated toa degree
zoooted::lol blake is soooo overrated
rag63top::Aldridge is real good, but he doesn't put it up like this every night like Love does.
ignasm::Ron Paul for President in 2012!
ignasm::he ain't, Pope was a corrupted guy
58rhodes::is he related to Pope Paul?
YoungBlaza::Ron Paul is white.
-Lebron_James_6::no, chris paul
ATLbraves541::our half court offense sucks
Darius Miles::lucky if we make the playoffs this year
Mark84716::Woo Hooo we have reached our scoring average on the road!  Maybe we will break 90pts!  lol
saintsaretnttheaints::OMG GET FELTON OFF THE COURT! he makes way to many fouls and turnovers
Mark84716::hey he may read this later, be cool!
PortlandBlazers1004::Nah he'll be too busy at krispy kreme doughnuts or something.
saintsaretnttheaints::i blame him for that loss at san antonio. we were within 2 or 3 points and then he comes onto the court and we lose by 12 or something. gives more points than makes
ATLbraves541::i can't stand him man..
iBeSoXclusive::whats the score
iBeSoXclusive::Thanks
gri400::86-77 blazers
Mark84716::double triple?  He has already played over 40 minutes sheesh!
uarizona24::what does that have to do with his double triple other than the unliklihood of it happening in the remaining minutes? it was clearly an exxageration of the amount of points and rebounds he has
YoungBlaza::LA=Beast Mode
uarizona24::lamarcus is going for the double triple
SlSU28::LAMARCUS ALDRIDGE BEASTIN IT UP!
Darius Miles::blazers are too tired
PortlandBlazers1004::Like this if you think Batum should be given the opportunity to start. At least on the road.
ATLbraves541::at least 1 start..
kpinman::NBA http://www.drivebaseline.com all day
kpinman::.
ATLbraves541::nate needs to start batum for wallace 1 game..just to let him know he needs to come to play every night
heatbaybee::I dont know whats worse, watching portland or shoving a pencil up my rectum cavity
The Beard of Paul Allen::You mean which one you'd rather enjoy?
ATLbraves541::the real question is--is the pencil sharpened or not?
LostAussie95::To all the blazers fan looking for nate's head, when you look at all the injuries and the setbacks we have suffered he has done a great job, and I'd liike to see any of you's do a better job..
LostAussie95::^I'm extremely dissapointed :P
WhatAmericaNeedsIsAShoutingEnergeticPresident::<b> RON PAUL FOR PRESIDENT</b>
Qiox::It's in his book http://politicalticker.blogs.cnn.com/2011/12/30/in-early-book-rep-ron-paul-criticized-aids-patients-minority-rights-and-sexual-harassment-victims/  And he has defended those points in that book in recent interviews.
Qiox::http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/Elections/President/2011/1229/Racist-newsletter-timeline-What-Ron-Paul-has-said  Some more even more disgusting racist comments from Ron Paul in his newsletter.  Back in the 90s he defended it.  Now, he is trying to pretend he didn't know what was in it.  The guy is pure scum.
Qiox::Ron Paul on sexual harassment in the workplace: “Why don’t they quit once the so-called harassment starts? Obviously the morals of the harasser cannot be defended, but how can the harassee escape some responsibility for the problem? Seeking protection under civil rights legislation is hardly acceptable.”    The guy is a scumbag.
Qiox::Some of the things he planned to do did not happen or did not happen on schedule.  However, the point remains, he kept more of his promises than any other recent president.  Why do you keep pretending that doesn't matter?
ATLbraves541::also obama promised everyone would be out of iraq by his first day in office..its been like 3 years bro
Qiox::Ron Paul also believes that minorities should not be protected under law.  The guy is pure scum.  And Obama's track record with respect to promises kept is better than any other recent president.  But I guess you choose to ignore the reality of the situation and will declare that anything other than a 100% success rate with his promises is a failure.
ATLbraves541::better than the guy who makes bad promises--obama...and the guy who cheats on his cancer ridden wife with another woman --newt
SK00lYA::It seems like the three people voting for him are on this board.
YoungBlaza::YA MAN! RON PAUL 2012!!!!!!
58rhodes::president of what?
Darius Miles::crawford needs to stop throwing up garbage
The Beard of Paul Allen::Batum needs a sweet neck tat
asomugha43::20000 SPORTSWRITERS COMMENTING LIVE AT http://www.fancloud.com/nba/nbachat?utm_source=lemons&amp;utm_medium=lemons&amp;utm_term=lemons&amp;utm_content=lemons&amp;utm_campaign=lemons
YoungBlaza::Man Gerald  Wallace sucks at playing in road but hes good at playing home. Whats up with that?
The Beard of Paul Allen::Agree with lazy
SK00lYA::He likes to smoke up ^^
58rhodes::he chews tobacco, buys it at the Tualatin Plaid Pantry
SK00lYA::$@%!$
CaDDyy54::slight hope for the over
SK00lYA::We should just trade Calderon and Barbosa.
jays hit moonshots::barbosa would be effective off the bench for a playoff team, hes useless for the raptors.
The Beard of Paul Allen::Aldridge an idiot for not dunking that. So soft...
PortlandBlazers1004::There's the Frenchie! Finally...
jjimz4real::Whats the deal with Batum?
saintsaretnttheaints::just got off a injury dont want him to get hurt. smart choice dont really need him to beat this team will play against detroit
jjimz4real::why isnt he gettin his minutes?
58rhodes::they dont want him to get hurt
58rhodes::Hes French
asomugha43::20000 SPORTSWRITERS COMMENTING LIVE AT http://www.fancloud.com/nba/nbachat?utm_source=lemons&amp;utm_medium=lemons&amp;utm_term=lemons&amp;utm_content=lemons&amp;utm_campaign=lemons
PortlandBlazers1004::Nate does realize that if he doesn't give Batum more minutes he won't resign with us right?
Joey Yanez::haha your so funny
Joey Yanez::its all about the heat
PortlandBlazers1004::Blazers-Bulls finals. Repeat of 92.
ripcity211::Btw, all caps is more likely to annoy me and less likely to civilly get your point across.
PortlandBlazers1004::Nate is one of the best coaches, It would be stupid to fire him. I just wanna see more of Batum.
9thtimeacharm::NOPE COACH NATE IS TOO FREAKING DUMB TO DO THAT FIRE HIM NOW PLEASE I WILL DONATE 20 K TOWARDS THE NEXT COACH OF THE BLAZERS SALARY
58rhodes::that was 7 years ago
ripcity211::Dude. Chill Out. Nate has turned the blazers into a playoff team. He inherited the remnants of the Jail Blazers when he first came here.
58rhodes::ummkay
