ipassus::I'm so excited to watch this  Yo, i'm so exited with this games, anyone going to see the game ? well i know this site usually got nice streams www.mynbatv.com i watched yesterday chicago vs Lakers  hope it helped you
Road dog Red::was this game really played..or imagined
delliot2198::Hornets have a player to build around in eric g. and kaman will give them a big that can score in the post,throw in the pick fron minn. and i think the hornets came out just as good as the clippers in the trade. They get two 1st round picks next year and if they can get a player like barnes or sullinger look out!!!
11records::I understand having Morris on the floor in the last minute, as his defense was a large part of keeping the game close.  But - on the final play, in an offense only situation, why make him the pivot on that in-bounds play?  You can bring in Channing Frye who, if the play breaks down, at least will have the ability to chuck the ball at the rim.   I think Alvin normally makes the right substitution decisions, but that was ridiculous.
Timothy49403::Again barely mentioned, and even when Nationally it's been "Suns lose opener", "Suns this and that".  Whatever, used to it.  Things to learn however.  Vasquez doesn't need to run the ball up the floor only to pop a shot with nobody under the basket.  It's a bad shot no matter who you are, and you haven't earned that yet.  Settle down, you're lucky to be here.  Secondly, PLAY KAMAN MORE!!!  I realize we're still feeling ourselves out yada yada yada.  And I realize they made some stupid foul calls for him whispering in a dudes ear, etc.  However, this is an old-school center who has game.  An all-star just two seasons ago.  And in a league lacking true centers and skilled bigs, play him.  I don't care if it's with Okafor on the floor...I'd like to see that...or Landry, or whose feelings you hurt at this point.  Just play him.
bamadave92::Well what the hell did the suns do in the offseason???
RollWave87::Good night for that 504!!
CosmoKramer1444::I'd rather have Gordon,Aminu, and Kamans trade bait of a contract than Chris Paul.
All.He.Does.Is.Win::suns shooting was atrocious. they had no business being in this game. their defense kept them alive in the end.
CandySparker::I like Generic Gordon.
cutbad::Suns have no one that can get his own shot..
ALI-76::Nash has the hightest IQ in the NBA!
blarowe10::gotta feel bad for Nash having to play for the Suns now...
izturis310::.
MissBikini::Demps actually made some very good moves here. Vasquez is the real deal. Gordon is an all-star. As long as Kaman stays healthy they can compete with anyone.
FranciscoKern::I love Vasquez.  He'll never be an all-star but he's super versatile and the kind of guy who helps you win.  He's just solid all around.  I wish the Blazers would have made a move for him.
Antsea91::Would be hilarious if the clippers and hornets met in the playoffs, with the hornets winning. Would love to see the look on paul's face and would be some nice revenge for gordon. Probably won't happen but one can wish
randymossallday::I like Eric Gordan..he will evolve into one of the premier scorers in the league and then leave the hornets for a larger market when he gets the chance. lol
Googiz::Hes leaving but its going to be for Indiana
Ireland297::Vasquezs first game was solid. Gordan for MVP!
jmfinn77::that is Gordon...
jmfinn77::I hope he can keep up the pace.  I would love to see his production mirror Paul's.  He can't keep up with Paul in the assist category BUT he is a better shooter.
MissBikini::Horns will be fine this year. Vasquez just joined the team yesterday. Jack didn't play. Kaman is still learning the system. This is a playoff team. Maybe even as high as 5 in the suddenly question mark West.
CosmoKramer1444::Probably not that high but if I were a Hornets fan I'd be excited.
Thom Yorke is a Royal::Hey Suns fans, how did Marcus Morris play tonight? (Kansas fan)
Forkitout24::Very promising young man!! We will keep him.
KentAZ58::I don't follow amateur sports.  Grew up in Ann Arbor Michigan, never once watched or attended a UofM game.  If I'm going to spend my precious time watching someone else play (instead of getting out on the court myself), I want to see the highest level, not a bunch of guys most of whom will be working 9-5 jobs after they graduate.
clutchballa06::loll trrue but you are missing out..there is alot of nice collegiate talent out there..
KentAZ58::Kansas hasn't had an NBA team for years, since the Kings left KC.   And I believe that Marcus Morris is on the Rockets.
jpm70127::You know he was talking about Kansas Jayhawks
jpm70127::Marcus plays for Houston.
Jkerg1::Does anyone else think the Hornets aren't set up to be that bad this season?
jmfinn77::They are a ton better off after the trade.  They got back more than they gave.  I like this team - If Kamen can remain healthy they have a shot at the playoffs!
KentAZ58::Your optimism is admirable, even if misguided.
mpdalry1::This team can make the playoffs.  They played tonight with no PG. well Vasquez just came in the other day...Jack was on the bench suspended, and he is the only true pont guard that has practiced with this team.  Pretty good winning on the road without the starting PG.  This team is all about defense...and the hornets have the best bench EVER since coming to New Orleans.  Two starting centers and a lot of depth at the 4.  This team could win a lot more games than people think.
KentAZ58::They'll probably be one of the better lottery teams.
jpm70127::The media wants you to believe they're going to be terrible this season. The Hornets are fine.  We don't have any "elite" stars (although Gordon will be soon), but we don't have any gaping holes either. We have a team that can easily go .500.
MetsNLChamps2012::Hands down the greatest betting comeback to complete my parlay... what a run for the sixers baby
KentAZ58::An inauspicious start for the Suns, who can't even handle a bottom rung Hornets team (decimated by the CP3 trade and the loss of David West) at home.    For the record, I'm a Suns fan, but it's pretty obvious that Robert Sarver is a cheapskate owner who does not place winning as a high priority.  (Reports indicate that it was primarily he and buffoon Dan Gilbert of the Cavs who were responsible for the owners' hardline stance in the lockout)    I'd like to think that the Suns are in a rebuilding phase, but in reality it's probably more of a treading water phase.  A shame, as class acts Nash and Hill languish with no shot at ever winning a title.
NoLa_D_504::hornets were an elite defense lat year and will be again this year....its monty wiliams influence and philosophy
KentAZ58::I will be surprised to see this team in the playoffs.  They sold the present for the future.  Gordon is very talented but after that you have a lot of role players.  I don't think that'll be enough in the West to get to the postseason.
mpdalry1::This may not be a bottom rung team....don't listen to the talking heads...this teams is going to win A LOT of games with defense alone.  Don't be surprised to see this team in the playoffs. This is the most complete team I have ever seen with the Hornets since coming to new orleans.
kpinman::Eric Gordon: Louisi-ANIMAL http://www.drivebaseline.com/2011/12/24/eric-gordon-louisi-animal/
lawqb@aol.com::Hornets won because of strong defense and balanced scoring on offense.  Say what you want, but its not easy to win in NBA on the road.  Gordon is all Hornets hoped for in trade and came through in clutch.  Kaman is alot better than people remember.  Plays strong defense, blocks shots and has a sweet jumper.  Ariza is still streaky, but he will come through.  Believe it or not, Hornets now have a ton of depth and their trade for the point guard from Memphis really worked out well tonight.  With Jack back, this team will sneak up on alot of clubs.  Beware, they are young and talented.
KentAZ58::The Hornets traded the present for the future.  I agree that the Celtics are in decline.    The publicity surrounding Tebow has more to do with his college resume, personality and religious stance than his ability at QB.  For a QB, he's a good running back.  Denver's improved defense and running game are the key to their success this year, although Tebow must be given at least some credit for his inspirational value to the team.   But as we've seen, against the better teams (Detroit, New England, etc.) Tebow is inadequate.
lawqb@aol.com::The Hornets upgraded on the trade.  Dont be fooled that they were decimated.  Watch Boston go down in a couple of days then all of a sudden this Tebow like presence will start with the Hornets.  They are gonna play TEAM ball which is a concept the NBA lost a couple years ago
KentAZ58::Gordon is very talented.  But the loss of Paul is devastating, at least in the short term.  This is a lottery team, as are the Suns.
lawqb@aol.com::I should mention the addition of Carl Landry also softened the blow that David West did to sign with Indiana?????  Good luck with that move David.  Landry is not as big a scorer but hugely an improvement on the defensive end and a tough rebounder.
cleb976::Suns and Hornets are predicted to be the bottom teams in the West this year...but I think there's a lot of upside to both teams. Hornets are going to get better and better as the year goes on but one Gortat recovers and is 100%, we'll be alot better. Also Hill still seem slow from his injury and Brown is a little off his game and we need to sort out the backup PG situation. I think these will be the teams battling for the 8th seed this year.
KentAZ58::I think Nash is great.  But let's face it--this is a team full of role players, with no real go-to guy.    We'll see at the end of the season who is overly pessimistic and optimistic. ;-)
cleb976::Alright
KentAZ58::cleb976:  "I think these will be the teams battling for the 8th seed this year."  I would respectfully argue that your assessment is overly optimistic.
cleb976::I believe once Gortat is 100% and we get our backup PG situation sorted out we will be a much better team than last year. Not a contender for the title, but probably finish 8th or 9th in the West. Don't count out any team with Steve Nash. And another thing: "One thing I think is pretty certain, and that is the Suns being in the lottery next summer", I would respectfully argue that your assessment is overly pessimistic.
ValleyDesperado::Nash should know better than to inbound it to a f-uckin rookie!  Stupid move!
Jthizz69::the Hornets are in good shape for now as well, at the end of the season Kaman comes off the books, they just have to try hard to get Gordon to stay + pray minny does bad this year so they get a better pick. their future looks bright.
cleb976::Agree 100%, sign Gordon to a long term deal because he's going to be their franchise player...and yeah minny has done plenty bad this year, so we're looking at a good spot in the draft
cleb976::once* Gortat
MissBikini::Gotta get Kaman more touches. Ariza should be limited to 2 shots per game. Now we get Jack back!
XxWidowMakerxX::got suspended one game due to DUI during all star weekend
Jthizz69::ahhh i see. the things the box score can't tell you when it has them both listed as the hornets' shooting guard.
Jthizz69::LOL. well I'm impressed that Gordon managed just one turnover as the starting point. if there was anything he needed work on as a clip it was the turnovers. good luck with the season!
MissBikini::Belinelli was actually playing point. Gordo stayed off ball most of the night until crunch time.
Jthizz69::well i got the one game part from your comment, but I meant what did he do? we all know why bynum is suspended 4
MissBikini::Not sure. Think it was a traffic ticket.
Jthizz69::what was Jack suspended for? saw it in the box
MissBikini::One game.
MissBikini::Saints win! Horns win! Brees in record books! Gordon a hero!
KentAZ58::I'm not exactly a fan, but it's difficult to not at least admire the Saints.
Mancity1032::A pretty Awesome night for New Orleans.
Jthizz69::hope you hornets fans like Gordon! the true clippers fans (not the new slew of bandwagon boys) miss him dearly. guess he made the game-winning shot tonight? best of luck to him and your team
KentAZ58::Yeah, giving up Gordon was probably the primary negative with regard to the CP3 trade.  But while I'm not a Clips fan, I must say they are going to be very fun to watch this year.   Here's hoping that they wind up with a better record than the Fakers.  It would be awesome if the Clips made the playoffs and (arrogant jerk) Kobe &amp; Co. wind up in the lottery.
gt1master_ike::Good game phoenix  ariza kills me sometimes with his shot selection
mpdalry1::Hornets are a better team.  younger and play better defense.  Just waint until everyone is on the same page...Vasquez just came into the lineup off the bench and scored double digits.  Once Jack gets back that puts Bellinilli off the bench and Gordon has a true PG to distribute the ball to him....
KentAZ58::We'll see.    One thing I think is pretty certain, and that is the Suns being in the lottery next summer (and I'm a Suns fan).    I'm not a Hornets fan but I am sympathetic to the city of New Orleans after the devastating Katrina (had that hurricane hit Long Island our government's response would've been totally different...you know what I mean).
KentAZ58::"Good game"?? They lost to the HORNETS...at HOME...
KeMvP277::Here's an idea Trevor Ariza; stay away from the ball on offense. Almost lost us the game.
Yankees-lose::TRADE STEVE NASH
Forkitout24::no way!! We keep him.  I say it's his last year or two anyway. Let him retire a Sun
jpm70127::Ariza, Vasquez, and Okafor for Nash and Grant Hill!
FeelinPhoggy::Hey, its one game of the season, still a lot left to play The defense looked tons better than previous seasons The offense definitely had an off night Your one good play call away from a win Tough way for Markieff to take his first loss in the NBA but he obviously has loads of potential  Good luck the rest of the season Suns fans
FeelinPhoggy::Yeah, Selby is no where near NBA ready Way too big of an ego and his talents are really developed yet
Nathan94713::I also saw that Selby didn't get played at all. Should've stayed at KU. Would've worked out better for everyone.
FeelinPhoggy::Marcus didn't get as many minutes He needs to cut back on fouling or else he's gonna be on the bench for long periods of time I personally think Markieff is more suited to the NBA, better defense and rebounding Neither one is gonna put up 20 points a game, at least not this season
Nathan94713::I was looking at the box scores. Looks like Marcus didn't have quite as good a game. Though I wasn't able to see either game.
Nathan94713::Hello fellow jayhawk! How was Morris in the game? (reposted this from earlier)
FeelinPhoggy::He looked pretty good to me Great defensive presence and rebounding Tough break at the end though The Suns coach had him out there in crunch time and he tried to force a pass Overall a good performance
KeMvP277::HORNETS!!! What a way to open the seaosn. GG everyone. And congrats to Brees.
Hoser117::Gordon! What a beast
JAGZ-SUNZ_904::Alvin Gentry is A Complete Moron... Looks Like The Suns Will Land A Top 5 Pick In This Years Draft
Dark_Sneaky::Suns need a new coach :/
KentAZ58::Suns need a new owner.  Gentry's a good guy.
Btwixed::sigh
KeMvP277::ERIC GORDON!!!!!
SpoogeMcDuck::Hornetts going to surprise alot of teams this year.
Crowmania18::yup!
machuwbacca35::nope
MetsNLChamps2012::Easy money, suns can't shoot the 3 ball like they used to but they think they can hahaha
FeelinPhoggy::Gotta think coaching is partially to blame there... Just bad plays drawn up
ValleyDesperado::Yup.  Inbounding to a rookie was stupid!
Nathan94713::Hello fellow jayhawk! How was Morris in the game?
MissBikini::Beast, beast, beast!
iaintjomama10::why is a rookie in there at crunch time?
ValleyDesperado::My question exactly.  N then nash made the mistake by inbounding it to him.  Bad call on Gentry and Nash.
swynne1355::suns lose in a bad way.
nogicat3::tough loss  bye everyone.
nogicat3::Why did nash inbound it? stupidity
IAmJonasJones::it's gonna be a loooong season suns fans
KentAZ58::Yeah...I'm a Suns fan, but...this is a lottery team, for sure.  We had our shot in '07 but those ridiculous suspensions in the playoff series against the Spurs stole it away.
ValleyDesperado::Yup, they will be boring to watch.  Childress?  Morris?  Price?  Give me a f-uckin break!
Orange602::Nice try Suns...nice try
hints21::give it to nash
