broncosfan1995::aaaaand 22 games later...
corbinwells::wow 2-0 vs tor
Sir Alec 8::James Johnson only 13 minutes...? why?
surfzone365::Glad the Bobcats got a "W".  I really hope they can improve next season.
greenmiamicat::TOR/CHA....ECF preview?
yorkallday::the real big 3? scalabrine luke walton and kwame brown http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/p/best-nba-memes.html
msuspartsnumberuno::www.fadethebookie.com
msuspartsnumberuno::I found a betting system called Sportsbettingstar a couple of months ago. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. Its a double down system and is by far the best system I have followed for betting in years of betting on sports. Posting this for anyone that is looking for a legit system to win money on your bets
TomShoe02::Dangit Charlotte! Stop winning! You're ruining your chance for Anthony Davis.
brohani::haha except we still only have 7 wins
sSurgical::Kemba Walker is a bust.
A Wise old man from alabama::- Kwame Brown
TheCronoMasterMind::31 of 34 from the line. That's all you need to know about this game lol
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::I wonder if I'll ever see the Bobcats or Raptors play in the NBA finals ...
corbinwells::he means either of them playing in it stupid $@%!
Talentsojhin::Yeah, two teams from the same conference playing in the finals....
sport15892::Charlotte owns Toronto.
The Great Sabu::So, Bobcats beat a team on the second night of a back to back that had to fly from Memphis the day of the game.
corbinwells::and your teams number
The Great Sabu::Not really an excuse, just more of a point.  Bobcats have had the Raptors number forever.  But I'll take the Raptors being a better team and having a far brighter future then the Bobcats in return for 2 losses this season.
brohani::actually this is where you are wrong. where are the raptors going? the bobcats have young guys in dj augustin, gerald henderson, bismack biyombo, guarantee top 4 pick in a loaded draft, 20 million in cap space
dirtydean5150::whatever excuse you need.
supreme91::Im surprised Bobcats scored 100
meth0z::against the raptors
rapshow19::time for some march madness!
EbbNFlow88::gg. was a nice final effort by raps!
drftw42134::Yep. Charlotte should now play to make other teams choke that are trying to get in the playoffs. That would be worth watching or maybe upsets against good teams. Thank god my Nets won't vs them
rapshow19::agreed
Cav408::lets be honest who here is REALLY a Bobcats fan?
AvengedByCats::This guy
TCluvcarpanthers::Bobcats fan for life.. right here.
kidman1000::Bobcats roll
Ronnie16313::Bobcats fan here
Chris72077::Me
dirtydean5150::I am
masterjman9595::as am i
Talentsojhin::I am....for there whole existence.
kjsporty::I guess Amir should have played more than 20 mins.  Casey is a joke!!!
EbbNFlow88::bayless &gt; calderon
macar91::I &lt;3 Andrea
drftw42134::Lmao? Bobcats are winning?
rapshow19::raps were down 10 with like 2 m in to go, maybe even more
rapshow19::THIS IS GONNA BE JOKES
rapshow19::OMG WOW
rapshow19::this is halarious, we actually have a chance
Raptorsfan080::Raps always get the bobcats on the end of a b2b, raps dont do well on b2b. BUT... were still developing. SO GOOO RAPTORS
rapshow19::i dont understand how people r talking so much $@%! against toronto, sure were losing this game but have double the amount of wins tham this horriblehorrible team thats not gonna break double figures for wins this season
Chris72077::we would break 10 wins if we played you guys 3 more times!!!
joneill0115::Pretty certain
rapshow19::like i said
rapshow19::not for sure
joneill0115::This ones over.
joneill0115::I dont even like the Raptors. Im just saying, both. teams. suck.
rapshow19::and their having some trouble closing this one out
rapshow19::CHARLOTTE SUCKS SOME HUGE DICCK, 6 wins thats all i have to say i dont care whos beating who, 6 wins boy
joneill0115::*love
joneill0115::I lvoe my life :)
joneill0115::My facts are straight. You're a little $@%!$, and the Raptors suck some straight dicck.
rapshow19::were down r starting gaurd to
rapshow19::THERE MUCH WORSE&lt; 6 WINS MAYBE 7. WONT BREAK 10 ALL SEASON. SO U GET UR FACTS STRAIGHT BOY
joneill0115::Obviously there not much worse than the Raptors if tthey are beating you..Get your facts straight $@%!$.
joneill0115::&lt;3 :)
rapshow19::lol agreed
skruid::Are you really calling him profanities for expressing a simple opinion?  I don't want your life
rapshow19::we play $@%!$@ teams lightly its brutal to watch
rapshow19::ya but ones ALOT worse than the other. toronto obviously being the better team. no way charlotte could go into memphis and win, no way
joneill0115::*they're
joneill0115::There both terrible teams..
msuspartsnumberuno::I found a betting system called Sportsbettingstar a couple of months ago. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. Its a double down system and is by far the best system I have followed for betting in years of betting on sports. Posting this for anyone that is looking for a legit system to win money on your bets
joneill0115::Raptors suck some straight Asssssssssssssss
EbbNFlow88::bargnani has been so baddd.  Hopefully he gets his groove back
RNICHOLS81::they couldnt compete there either
msuspartsnumberuno::I found a betting system called Sportsbettingstar a couple of months ago. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. Its a double down system and is by far the best system I have followed for betting in years of betting on sports. Posting this for anyone that is looking for a legit system to win money on your bets
Pintz11::Raptors are gutter trash .. go to the fkk. D league
joneill0115::^ The guy above me takes it up the butt. Just saying..
rapshow19::NO ONE SHOWS UP TO THESE GAMES U PROB HAVE HORRIBLE TV RATINGS SO IF ANY TEAMS GOIN DOWN TO THE D LEAGUE IS THESE JUNKSTERS IN CHARLOTTE, U BUMBS WONT BREAK DOUBLE DIGIT WINS ALL SEASON HA
rapshow19::SUCH A TOOL, IF ANY ONES GOING DOWN TO THE D LEAGUE ITS THESE JUNKSTES IN CHARLOTTE
rapshow19::WE HAVE DOUBLE THE AMOUNT OF WINS THAN YOU&lt; SHUT UR MOUTH U LITTLE HICK
Pintz11::Lol that 6 win team is fkkn smacking u around aren't they lil dkkhd
rapshow19::what about the teams behind us in the standings, including charlotte with 6 WINS! $@%!$@ moron
NYSucks65::These teams are so s.hitty
rapshow19::ur so s.hitty
joseph.b_916::ht   tp:/ /w   ww. fi   rstrow    sports. eu /watc    h/113    875/1/watc h- indi   a   na-p    acers-v   s-ne    w-yor    k-knicks.ht    mll
joseph.b_916::take out the spaces
rapshow19::LETS GO!!
joseph.b_916::http://www.firstrowsports.eu/watch/113875/1/watch-indiana-pacers-vs-new-york-knicks. html
joseph.b_916::the
joseph.b_916::knicks game                               http://www.firstrowsports.eu/watch/113875/1/watch-indiana-pacers-vs-new-york-knicks.html
JoYoNoMe::Is this a new bobcats team?
rapshow19::im sure they'll come back to make it close
meth0z::no just the raptors out-tanking
joseph.b_916::http://www.firstrowsports.eu/watch/113875/1/watch-indiana-pacers-vs-new-york-knicks.html
rapshow19::HA charlottes deffinatly gonna buckle!
meth0z::lolol 88 convos
rapshow19::get outta here ya bumb
usylum::whats with all the foul calls against toronto? this is crazy
msuspartsnumberuno::I found a betting system called Sportsbettingstar a couple of months ago. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. Its a double down system and is by far the best system I have followed for betting in years of betting on sports. Posting this for anyone that is looking for a legit system to win money on your bets
Link_owl::i meant the bobcats win this in the 3rd..lol...ive watched the raptors for too long to know they never win when they are favorites...
rapshow19::PICK IT UP TORONTO WHAT THE $@%! IS THIS!
StuNice82::Betting Against the bobcats has made me a stack of cash this year, they almost never cover the spread.
rapshow19::prob wont break double figures for the season
rapshow19::sorry 6, halarious
rapshow19::u junksters have 5 wins
rapshow19::shut ur mouth u little hick
jf96avs::hahahaha ! Okkkkayyy RAP show lol
rapshow19::MUCH better than charlotte, will most likly come back to win this one
jf96avs::YEah ... just got me to think ''why the f*ck bet on the RAPS '' .... they beat Memphis at home, and you would figure they`d want some revenge after that Charlotte win that broke the streak in Toronto ... how embarassing, guys got not pride
StuNice82::Theres a few teams i stay away from, Hawks, blazers, rockets. beat a great team one night, lose to terrible team the next. Orlando screwed me when they lost to the bobcats by 16???!!! too.
StuNice82::yeah, maybe not today, but raptors suck pretty hard too.
jf96avs::Woww just thought the same way today ... but obv. not happening FML
jorl1234::RAPTORS ARE TIRED!
hornyets::Raptors got no passion. That's why they are crap.
rapshow19::better than the hornets bud
Barrk1::I pound you from behind
