OPENLYUGLY::Love the link......... "The shorthanded Clippers.........", ignoring the fact the team they were playing had 6 players out as well. Way to paint a false picture A-holes.
csmeech::This is ridiculous. You'd think that as bad as the Magic have played, they could have broken through to the bottom spot by now. Cmon guys!
Hmmrhed::?
Theironrod2012::Jamal Crawford &gt; lebron Blake Griffin &gt; Lebron
Credil54::I started following this online bet system called Sportsbettingstar a couple months ago. I have made about $3,000 a month since I started.  I was looking for a handicapper one night and just google searched for  Sports Betting Systems, it was there on the first page. Didnt seem legit at first but ended up being awesome.
mansong626::odom and bledsoe had 6 steals each? damn magic suck
Magic are better than you::Yep...
rm90025::It's about time Bledsoe stepped up.  He has been underwhelming and hasn't shown the leadership the team has needed in CP3's absence.
OPENLYUGLY::He was playing against "NELSON"!
asdbluecfl::Anybody else think McRoberts new haircut is totally gay? Trying to fit into the sophistacted class of downtown i guess.
jsine55::what about commenting on a guys haircut?
ESPN_IS_BIASED::Eric Bledsoe went HAM.
airicad::Without Paul, Griffin, Crawford, and Billups, we could've just bent over and let Orlando take it to us.  But we didn't.  The defensive effort especially was very good (Bledsoe's monster stat line tells you everything).  I'm proud of our guys on the road.  Hopefully, we'll have the most of the crew back by Friday so we can destroy the Knicks.
Cleeepers::Miami Friday, knicks on Sunday... but I agree with your comment.
vanillafrosty12::Well the Magic are back to only 3 starters injured... That's progress...
HeatManZE...........::I am a real American, Fight for the rights of every man, I am a real American, fight for what's right, fight for your life!  When it comes crashing down, and it hurts inside, ya' gotta take a stand, it don't help to hide, Well, you hurt my friends, and you hurt my pride, I gotta be a man; I can't let it slide, I am a real American, Fight for the rights of every man, I am a real American, fight for what's right, fight for your life! however clippers blow
asdbluecfl::Just got back from the game. I am now totally convinced they are losing on purpose. The fouls, the shots. They'll play pretty hard (usually) most the game but completely flop the last few minutes. They didnt even attempt a 3 when they were down by only 9 with 4 minutes to go. Just shot it to Vuc every time for 2. Plus Jameer took that horrible little runner that got blocked. Everything they did was what you do to lose. Whatever, we're going to have what, 4 first round picks? One in the top 5. Sounds good to me, better than a helpless win.
Beanslams46::No Dwight, Griffin, or Chris Paul for All-Star game? Looks like the West will have to go Black Mamba style on the East.
STEVE6163656::Given that..  East 173 West 115
ESPN_IS_BIASED::I think they'll all be there actually. Give it time.
diepacheco::they are all day to day
Beanslams46::This probably gets the "ugly game of the week" vote.
Magic are better than you::No I think the Magic's loss to the 6er's the other night wins that hands down
j3ffan12::Painful...a game of who has the better bench...
vanillafrosty12::And when the Magic's bench is starting, we can see how that ended...
1295Matthew::lube city.
Keith Closs::when blake griffin goes back in time in the kia comercials, why dont they show blakes brother taylor, with him as a kid?
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::What will Vuc be participating in during All-Star weekend?
chris johnson 558::rising stars
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Ohhhhhhh yeeeeaaaaa. I forget this is his second year.
BRAY5150::Any new updates on how much longer CP is going to be out? I heard Blake might be back Friday
Ustna9::Blake, CP3 and Billups will be back Friday
Deaneer32::Are you sure?!
BRAY5150::Nice. What about Crawford? I know he was out for warm-ups but couldn't go, hopefully he's not out to long
Soonerhopeful1::maybe..!
oblique15::You`re not getting KG!  Lets go Celtics
STEVE6163656::Bledsoe, Butler &gt; KG
chris johnson 558::: K. O'Quinn 10 Pts, 9 Reb, 3 Ast, 1 Stl, 1 Blk 18 min
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::I like O'Quinn. Drastically needs to work on his endurance though. I'm sure he will this summer. He's already dropped about 20lbs since the draft.
laxfiles4::oh man.... Clips really needed that win.
Soonerhopeful1::Just when Lakers fans were having a bit of hope...!
Soonerhopeful1::The Only team fans  who are more disappointed then Magic fans about this loss, is the     Lakers fans :   they were sure hoping for a Magic win and Clippers loss.
Soonerhopeful1::I'm sure...Lakers are not disappointed in their   82 - 0  Super star 100 million dollar team is what  10 games back of Clippers... Nah.. don't bother Lakers fans.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::We hear Ping Pong balls. We're not disappointed.
Ustna9::I guess we are both correct
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::I'd assume you're a super smart person then.
Ustna9::"we"?  I assume you are a Magic fan?
asfl2424::what happened at the end of this game, it was 9, went final then it was 10.. which was it
trollvtroll2::refs
tony2ward::Roll Tide.....
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Go Duke.  &amp;  Explore! (La Salle Explorers)
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::By the time this team is done rebuilding &amp; ready to compete for a Championship JJ will be 32yrs old +
tony2ward::Congrats Bledsoe on your career  high in scoring, can't wait til you quarterback your own team...
2846mike::Orlando Magic should be kicked out of the NBA
asdbluecfl::your an idiot.
Keith Closs::lakers actually had that title since they went under 500 this season.  at least orlando has an excuse with no hall of famers
chris johnson 558::so why ?
2846mike::because they are the biggest joke in the NBA
Soonerhopeful1::Clippers   bench must be really good, beating the Magic in Orlando..  Surely the Magic cannot be this bad...?
chris johnson 558::would you trade jj redick for bledsoe
Ustna9::I would as a Clipper fan.
Soonerhopeful1::Interesting trade
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::I would.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Naw. I'm a Blake fan though.
chris johnson 558::clippers fans ??
Soonerhopeful1::No hails for  Vinny  VDN as  "  Coach of the Year "  ?
Soonerhopeful1::Even a broken  clock is right twice a day...
Deaneer32::VDN has no idea what he's doing.
Keith Closs::we get some scotty brooks?
Soonerhopeful1::I  don't know about that and Pop....People are getting tired of Pop always being the best...!
Keith Closs::i think Pop got that ish locked down
2846mike::Washington Wizards&gt;Bobcats&gt;Magic
Shafe95::Magic&gt;Lakers
2846mike::Agreed.
chris johnson 558::i want to lose every  game but beat only  howard agian this season
Soonerhopeful1::Maybe the Clippers should trade Griffin, Paul,  Billups and Crawford...They don't need them it seems...?
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Bledsoe is only 23 &amp; has been playing behind Paul, Billups, Williams, Foye etc. He needs experience BUT you can't deny this kid is a potential premiere PG in the league.   If you disagree, you just don't know basketball. Also Vinny sucks as a coach so he needs to be coached.
Keith Closs::we gotta admit he has gained a bit more control than he had before this season.  when e gordon was here, i would just shake my head at the tempo that bled would try to push
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Bad coaching.
Inoeveryting::Yea! Clippers win! Wait 'till the greatest player Mr. Blake Griffin gets back!
LA Clipp Joint::good turnaround ... now lets finish this road stretch with some W's ....
caddymak::CLIPPERS HAD THE HOME TREATMENT ON THE ROAD?
Soonerhopeful1::Why don't you just say....  Ref's  game Clippers the game.. if you're going to embellish, do it right...!
Rob Mikels::I'm happy to see GS getitng rolled by OKC.
caddymak::WHO EVER IS FIXING THESE MATCHES WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR STEALING MONEY!
Wayz112::Bledsoe ballin
2846mike::Orlando fans dont like me crushing their team. They are a joke because their GM is a fool...this is great.
chris johnson 558::does henny $@%!$@ your mom or somthing
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Dude nobody even cares about you.  Go away.
2846mike::you still respond like a punk...umad?
Danee6214::WE'RE COMING FOR DAT $@% AGAIN HEAT! #REPLAC!!!!!!!!!!
Danee6214::They'll all be out there on Friday right?
Keith Closs::slow down!  as much as i wanna say that too, we gotta face facts.   we busted up right now
chris johnson 558::i am happy for these losses and a bad permutation across the nba to take the 1st pick
2846mike::Orlando GM made the Magic and there fans a huge joke.
chris johnson 558::how old are you kid ?
2846mike::99
RockyMountainWay1::Magic in complete tank mode
Keith Closs::my main man ryan hollins gonna be interviewed by  Pink!  gotta love it!
Keith Closs::haha!
Shafe95::Probably got lost.  Poor Hollins.
Keith Closs::after the interview, looked like he didnt know where to go or what to do.  he never had to be the last dude into the tunnel
Shafe95::#FreeHollins
Deaneer32::Hope Chris Paul, Blake and Crawford will be back by Sunday...I've been looking forward to watch the Clips play the Knicks at MSG on national television.
Shafe95::hollins deserves POTG
