Ryan 0414::The Knicks played a great game
alohapm63::Knicks should Start Amare NOW &amp; put Jason Kidd as a reserve - He's WAS a great player &amp; can still contribute but the TEAM would improve if he was a reserve for a 12 - 15 Minute Back-up...........&amp; give Copeland more minutes !!   Amar'e  Melo Tyson  Iman Raymond   Off The Bench.....  Smith Kidd Copeland Novak Prigioni White  Brewer  Thomas
Ryrc1234::Naw homie, it's good how it is, he is god coming off the bench although his defense is still real suspect.
Doug48105::Why didn't the Pistons put Darko into the game to try to beat Carmelo and Chandler?
alohapm63::Game was already over by then....
Jamaal 43::The Bulls are a great half court defensive team and the Knicks are a half court team; that's why the Knicks struggle vs them. If the Knicks can have a good start verses the Bulls. . . the Knicks will be OK. The Bulls are not a good defensive team in transition and that's what the Knicks did vs the Kings; they got out in transition. That's the KEY. Tape !!
19GoNY87::Defense still looks shaky and lazy. Knicks have a lot of improving to do on the defensive end if they want to be contenders in the playoffs.
IlyaKol::I'm a Heat fan who isn't worried. I'm more than hoping for a Knicks/Heat ECF to remember the 90's. Man those were the days.  Would love a 7 game series between those two teams.  Mike Woodson is a helluva coach and has this team where it needs to be. The Knicks are back. Good for the East. Good for the NBA. And good for the game of basketball the world over.
OrdellR::if you are a heat fan, then you probably dont know anything about basketball..
bronxbomber62::Obviously the Heat fans are getting worried since they are here trolling the Knicks board.  I would be worried too. LOL
Ronyq19::The only team that the knicks need to worry in the playoff are the bulls. We can beat any team in the east in a 6 or 7 games series !!! # Knickstape !!!
Ronyq19::The pacers are overrated !!! The Knicks can beat them everyday !!!
i want bacon::Melo........All Day
kapernick is squidward::You know how they said "Steve Tasker, four-time superbowl particiapnt"    They are going to be saying in 10 years. "Carmelo Anthony, 15 times first round participant"
bronxbomber62::Sure and 6 time conference champion and 4 time NBA champion. Thanks for the props...  By the way the screen name is fantastic.  I couldn't place why he looked familar but now I know.  LOL
papuchi24::you knick fans are foolish if you think the east goes through a team that has not proven or accomplish anything while together. Maybe you can say that next year if they acctually win a playoff series as a TEAM this year. But for now the EAST goes through Miami!!!
bronxbomber62::Of course YOU weren't saying that before the Heat won their one championship were you?
newyorkse2004::Knicks are wasting time to sign Kenyon Martin, what's going on ?
papuchi24::you New York fans are horrible, when they started to suck after their hot start you guys were ready to trade your center, now you guys are the best in the East?? Please give me a damn break, they will not over take the Miami Heat ever.  East goes through Miami and the second best team is chicago, third the pacers.  I put the knicks fourth in the east. Go Heat!!!!
OrdellR::typical heat fan. no one was talking about trading chandler. maybe on whatever video game you play, which is the only way you know basketball
wilmaso::trading chandler pleezz lets see if the heat stay together for all five years lmao(bosh,wade, and james) impossible cuz of luxury taxes and repeater taxes...good luck MIA
19GoNY87::i never heard anybody say trading chandler was a good idea
bronxbomber62::Who is "you guys?"  There are literally millions of Knick fans.
i want bacon::You.....are an idiot.
MtPChip::Here's hoping for a great free agent with the millions the Pistons have freed up next year.
wilmaso::memphis as well.
kapernick is squidward::Knicks fans proclaim knicks title contenders after beating the pistons for their fifth straight win, with the last four wins against opponents with a combined 39% winning percentage.
bronxbomber62::Two wins against the Heat (20 points) and wins against San Antonio etc.  They aren't second in the East (1/2 game) by only beating scrubs.
JohnCash757::Knicks have been playing great. But c'mon ESPN lets not make a big deal out of this game. It's the Pistons after all!
gerald68831::Started betting a system called SportsBettingStar now for a couple of months.  I found this on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
GruDeN_GrinDeR::I luv how Knick haters always want to find a reason to criticize this team  They take too many 3's, they can't rebound well, Amare will come back and mess up chemistry, they're a fluke team and will cool down eventually, etc....  Knicks continue to shut up their critics by doing one thing: WIN!    At the end of the day, that's all that matters.  #LetsGoKnicks
kapernick is squidward::Yeah, All that matters is regular season wins.  Yup, that's it
bronxbomber62::Until the playoffs it is and getting a higher seed and some home court advantage helps too.
barkman999::Didn't see the game but how did Drummond only get 8 minutes???
Andy McNugget::had back problems
kapernick is squidward::After this season's over, Carmelo would have broke the record for most first round exits in the history of mankind
kapernick is squidward::I like how you only named 2 names, cp3 and rose, and they both went to the conference finals once just like melo and they played less season than melo.  And your statement of "and most of the rest of the league" is false,  If you pick all the players in the league who's played nine seasons or more, 90-95 % has advanced past the first round more than once.  So you are the fool, and congrats on the knicks having five game winning streaks in the regular seaason against the likes of  pistons, kings, bucks, etc.
Knick.Fan.In.Brooklyn::CP3 never went to the conference finals, idiot
bronxbomber62::I would love to see the proof on 90 to 95%...  Also advancing in the playoffs might have to do with someone's teammates too.
yourmothersmustache::Melo has taken teams deeper in the playoffs than CP3, D Rose, and most of the rest of the league.  Keep thinking you dont sound like a fool.  We'll keep winning games.
agoods03::Actually he's right, Melo went to the WCF and won more than 1 game in that series unlike Rose.
passwordistaco11234::wrong.
kapernick is squidward::Other records melo also broke:  - smiling at inappropriate times (214,654 times) - back pedaling speed (17 mph) - time elapsed between throwing a sucker punch and running the other away (0.005 seconds)
wilmaso::so you write a comment on your own post that nobody has written on and you like it as well, talk about loser
TopTexasTeams::Here to say this, the Championship that was endured  in Dallas 2 seasons ago, was do half in part on Tyson Chandler. Just evaluate, Dwight Howard is good, but distractions and being fragile with injuries take away from his value, do not forget the freethrows. Now take a look a Chandler, he is going to be on that floor 90% of the time all season. He packs an attitude, and can shoot free throws. New York, you got a guy that is a Champion. I miss Chandler for the Mavs. Peace
papuchi24::i think that championship was more do to dirk and dallas playing hardcore defense. Chandler was just a role player. And barrea out played kidd in that serious
bronxbomber62::Role player?  Didn't watch that series I guess.
Rod5774::who have the knicks beat lately?  Niners : Nooobody
Bkyguy35::Your right idiot, maybe you can come on board when they go 82-0 and win every game by a shutout...
Thetimpanikid16::a shutout? What is this? Hockey?
poppa-d76::they can only play who's on the schedule. they are 2-0 vs the spurs, 2-0 vs the heat. top 2 teams in the respective conferences.
pfcsnow7::we are enjoying this lil break in the sched, everyones gotten one BK just came off theirs that the only reason they even in the div race. lets see what ppl will say in these nxt 2 months march/apr when we are still winning while enduring 10 back to backs  on our way to the best rec in the EAST.
NJNets_100979::i think the knicks are the team to beat in the east.. there just a complete team
papuchi24::you knick fans are incredible and foolish if you think the east goes through a team that has not proven anything while together
bronxbomber62::Like Heat fans were dreaming about not 1, not 2 not 3....
Lauri from Finland::Miami has the best record in east and won the ring last year. I would say 99 percent thinks that Miami is the team to beat but feel free to think otherwise.
bronxbomber62::99% think Finns don't know $@%! about basketball.
Thetimpanikid16::well that's fine if you think that but we have no problems beating the Heat this year lol
uconn1511::Nets fan here, Knicks are looking very good lately, beating the teams they are supposed to with ease. Hope we meet in the playoffs,what a series that would be
papuchi24::actually i think the nets take the knicks in a series. most the knicks oldies will be injured by then lmao
Yeager95::A Nets/Knicks playoff series would be intense. Pretty much it would take their regular season games and ratchet up the major intensity. I'd love to watch that...If the Knicks win of course.
onlyNYCmatters::Trust &amp; believe you don't want no part of the KNICKS come playoff time!
uconn1511::We will see! Think how crazy the state of NY would be if they played each other
michael107117::Amare's looking pretty good, (not a Laker fan) but if I was the Lakers I would see if they would swap Amare for Gasol. Amare runs more and is a much better fit with Nash and D'Antoni's system
Lauri from Finland::Agree 100 %. Amare could be great fit with Nash but he is playing better without center in the floor at the same time. And Howard can be much more dominant than Chandler. I just don't think that Knicks are ready to make that trade since Gasol has played so poorly this year and Amare looking better and better.
bronxbomber62::I would keep Amare but Gasol's knees are crap too.
yourmothersmustache::platnumn - His knees are uninsured.  Lakers would never make that trade.  He only has two years left on his contract after this season.  So basically you have next year and then he would be a massive expiring deal that a lot of teams would love to take on.  Its not as bad as you think.  Plus hes great...offensively.
platnumn::His knees are uninsured.  Lakers would never make that trade.
Tdavis2304::I hate we don't have a guy to score 20+ points a game it really show we not gon beat these teams inside playoffs without a 20+ point scorer
coljetsfan::The Knicks are getting healthy and it's starting to show..
coljetsfan::We own the Heat this year...
coljetsfan::Just wait till we get our hands on LeQueen and Miami again.  We'll lay another beat down on them...
Bkyguy35::Not if the refs have anything to say about it...
Roy3667::Melo averages 2.8 assists that must get better in game like this NY should play Thomas, White, Brewer, and Copeland more
coljetsfan::To all you Knick non-believers, do you believe now?
kapernick is squidward::Dont mess with the knicks, they beat the magic, pistons, bucks, kings during this streak.
65tarheel::Maybe the Knicks can be as good as the Nets someday.
kapernick is squidward::Knicks haven't won shit in 40 years.  most overhyped team in history of sports
nba is the worst::you seem confused.
Bkyguy35::you mispelled "re.tarded"...
Ivanov21::I got the feeling that Miami is trying to avoid playing the Celtics in round 1 ...
Richard Knickson::I haven't seen b ball this good in NY ever.
KingCraig25::1999
Yori1976::Unfortunately, when MJ was gone we only took the Rockets to 7, and the championship was as xlose as the tip of Hakim's finger on Starks' game winnin 3 at the end of the 6th... Never got as close since, but something good is coming...
jjknicks1987::The 90's knicks were very good to watch...I swear if it werent for Jordan, Ewing would have at least 1-2 rings
Eli Manning is the best playoff QB ever::Knicks are legit.
nivrock23.0::The Knicks have a big man that goes about his business in a professional manner. The Lakers have a big "child" that neither knows about business or professionalism. Once again, why is Howard considered the best big man in the game?!
big145fly::I, in no way think D Howard is the best in the game.. I think after dwightmare it should be a given that Tyson Chandler is a much better professional than Dwight.. However, you really can't make the case that Tyson is a better player than Dwight..
jjknicks1987::Better professional absolutely but as u said...player? It still goes to dwight
Killuminati.66x::Why are there haters on my boards?  Snitchycent &amp; JJknicks y'all are supposed to handle these baffoons
jjknicks1987::Lol my bad just hopped on these boards now
Hines Ward Zombie::f-ck dem haters, go knicks.
Young_Guruu::Knicks beat a terrible Detroit team and this is the highlight of the night? I think Utah bringing an end to the Spurs streak warrants a little more credit, ESPN.
iggytoole::Utah played Sacramento right?
Lorenzomax7::Nice to see that Shumpert is back.
iggytoole::He isn't even near 100% in bball shape yet. Amar'e is getting there.
richiemets7::any knick fans know any serious facebook groups for kniicks fans to talk knicks?
Hines Ward Zombie::http://www.facebook.com/NewYorkKnicksMemes?fref=ts
t_ripley::i wish i knew some, but the knicks website has a forum you can talk Knicks, but i feel like their opinions wouldnt be true and unbiased
cjbrown4587::I deleted fb b/c I kept getting farmville and other dumb game requests constantly...it's not like it used to be
richiemets7::i missed this entire chat was busy but it seemed like there were solid discussions not really any doucheba.gs and everyone was just talking basketball. pretty awesome
t_ripley::i 100% agree with what you guys are saying about the bulls, we need to beat them especially after the all star break because 1. rose will be back 2. if we see them in the playoffs while they have our number it wont look good at all for us...they are the only team in the east that worries me
newyorkse2004::Knicks vs Bulls will be an epic, good news is we don't need to face Michael Jordan anymore.
t_ripley::i also didnt add the Shumpert or Amare factor being back, these next few bulls and knicks games will be epic!
t_ripley::it would be very interesting for sure to see what happens when D.Rose is back because the defense is only going to get better if hes anywhere close to his old form, Bulls are a very scary team
newyorkse2004::Yes that is exactly what im saying. The Bulls are the only team that can give us a problem. D-Rose was not even playing when they beat us. We need to beat these type of teams that play rough defense like the Bulls do.
cjbrown4587::Our team dynamic has definitely changed since Amare has come back - everyone is passing like crazy..just like early in the season...I'm excited to see our next matchup against the Bulls...but they do scare me for sure
cjbrown4587::I agree - they are just that one team that seems to have us figured out ....though we have seemed to show up just lethargic each time...but we need to turn it around
t_ripley::its not that we are lethargic, its their defense is very immense and i dont think the team comes prepared at all for that, we have two games of film against them now so i dont expect the same results as far as our play goes.
TorontoSportsDynasty::Sad to see Calderon in a different Jersey. He is always likable, loyal and never complained. Good guy all around.
inttruder::I don't think that the Pistons are that far away from being respectable again. With Drummond and Monroe they could have a nice frontline. Calderon is not a bad point guard. I think what they really need is a wing player that can score.
cpkirkley::Drummond is terrifying. He's like a young Amare. So explosive.
richiemets7::amare shot the ball great and played well but  1. 3 rebounds isnt enough 2. did any1 else think he had novak open sometimes but he didnt see novak
Jamaal 43::The Knicks kill the Bulls in the 4th Q every time they play. . . they just can't start the game slow or bad verses them.
newyorkse2004::Only team that can give the Knicks a problem is the Chicago Bulls. They really need to beat them or else it won't look pretty in the playoffs. That is the only team i'm concerned with.
richiemets7::i am a huge knicks fan but in reality the heat are a problem. im not saying thhe knicks would lose to them in the series definitely not saying that im just saying that despite the 20 point blowouts which were soooo sick the heat can giv us trouble in the series
richiemets7::that would be awesome if the bulls vs the heat before we vs either of them
dapfunk533::I agree. Chicago just seems to have our number so far.
DanNYC2108::if we're lucky they'll have to play the heat before they play us
DanNYC2108::yea, i'm not really worried, i think the knicks are better
Jamaal 43::The Knicks just have to have a good start against them and they'll be fine.
Fat.Guy.In.A.Little.Coat::Gotta love this team when they're healthy... The rest of the NBA is on notice.  I'm not saying we are going to win it all, but if we don't get to the ECF, this season was a failure.  When was the last time Knicks fans could say that?
RNYC::I hate to beat a dead horse but its CRIMINAL what D'antoni attempted to do to the Knicks. Woodson is the man.
YanksKnicksGiantsRangers::U r right to an extent. But I have to admit, the 09,10,11 Knicks were a lot more exciting to watch and more competitive than the 5 or so prior seasons. U know what I mean? But oh yeah baby Woodson all day !
choate_sedition::I can't like this statement enough
strongisland06::It was a blessing that he quit. He's the Lakers problem now.
