S::Well, put a candy can in my stocking and tell me santa came to visit, what another great win. The Blazers seem to just not get rattled when teams throw jabs and punches at them. Like when Matthews came up the coart and told Coach Stotts he'd take Westbrook for that possession, than after Matthews defended him well and caused him to miss a tough shot, Westbrook tried to taunt the coach and the team, to no avail. The Blazers just kept on punching back, til late in the 4th, L-train gave them an upper cut right to the tip of the chin, letting OKC know, we will not lose to you 9 times in a row!!!  What a great TEAM win!! I like how they gather as a UNIT after each W at center court. Keep it up!! Props again to OKC, you still have a solid, hard working team.  OH- to all the still Nah sayers saying; it was a W at home, they got lucky with L-Train scoring 38, and on and on. Would you in the name of the Encino Man movie; SHHHHHHHUUUUUUSHHHHHHHH!!!!!! Bring on Dallas!! RIP CITY
Udaman8295::Idk why everyone is even debating if its a fluke or not? i mean come on! look at the record, Look at the teams they have beaten, and look at their team! they are young, hungry, and ready to show what they got.  obviously portland isn't playing around,  this team in my opinion is better then OKC, Spurs, Houston, and the Clippers. so why this debate is going on idk but the blazers are most certainly contenders and i would love to see them rise to the top and take down those teams in the playoffs.
Austin::OKC fans gave the Spurs fans a hard time when the Spurs lost to Portland in the 3rd game of the season. Playing in Portland is hard enough, and now its understood that Portland is a legitimate contender.  If Portland snags a top 4 seed, they'll have a good chance to make a serious run in the playoffs.
oldbassturd::Can you imagine how good this team would be if they still had a healthy Brandon Roy? I sure wish he was still playing.
Mark::Those of you who are dissing the Blazers obviously don't know what you're talking about.. Most NBA  analysts - East AND West, put Aldridge as the top power fwd in the league and Lillard was rookie of the year last season, and showing that it was deserved so far this season. If you want to give stats why the Blazers are a "fluke" this year then point them out or PLEASE shut up
CSONKA_39::Don't get too excited Portland. Both BIG wins were at home.
PKM::I wish this game was on TV
- LJ::LA 4 MVP!!!
lefty_man::Portland  OKC The team and the city. Can't wait for the return of the I-5 rivalry. Hate to say it, but I do miss the Sonics. GO BLAZERS!!
Tempo::The Blazers seem to be for real this season..A great win against the Thunder!
