Brew Crew Super Fan::Whenever Bucks teams show true signs of improvement the fans respond.  The Bradley Center has looked awfully empty all season, but the late start to the season &amp; Bogut getting hurt didn't help matters.  Now the Bucks are really starting to put it together late in the season, just like two years ago.  Remember how the fans responded around March/April 2010?  If the Bucks can START a season like that &amp; be consistent I guarantee the fans will respond early &amp; often.  That's how it was back in the George Karl- Ernie Grunfeld days.  Those were some seriously good times!  Playoff games at the BC back then ROCKED!!!  I'd still take Scott Skiles/John Hammond coach/GM duo over Karl/Grunfeld.  The team might not have as much star power right now but their chemistry is unbelievable &amp; I feel that Hammond is to the Bucks what Doug Melvin is for the Brewers.
Almost Always Ignored::its $@%!$@%! that the bucks won by 20+ points in both their games since the trade and they get no press. all over the lakers and knicks though (knicks got 4 in a row, bucks 6)
Brew Crew Super Fan::Lakers &amp; Knicks = Big Market    The Bucks need to keep winning ... then ESPN will have to give in &amp; cover them more.
N.Papageorgio::Bucks bench has to be one of the deepest in the league.  Outscoring the Blazer bench 45-9 tonight, and really being strong during this win streak.  Whether it's Dunleavy scoring 20+ vs Golden State and the Cavs, or Beno chipping in 15 in as many minutes, Mbah a Moute coming up huge in the spot start for Ersan...this team is really coming together at the right time.
Brew Crew Super Fan::You are absolutely right ... MIL bench is DEEP!  It gives Skiles a bit more flexibility with matchups.
savetheplanet35::portland still losing by double digits, does this mean the water boy gets fired next ?
Goodbar77::Teams don't wake into the TD garden unless you are Washington or Milwaukee lmao. The TD garden is a sell out every night, I guess that will change soon
Goodbar77::Really frustrating that the Knicks have all the media attention over their 4 game win streak. Bucks are on a 6 game roll, they deserve some media attention. I like flying under the radar like we did in 09'. If we can beat Boston, Charlotte and Indiana (3 games in 3 nights) WE BETTER BE GETTING SOME MEDIA. ESPN needs to stop hating.
TheMove3::FEAR THE DEER!  This is the best TEAM in the NBA. This is how a team plays together. People say Monta Ellis is a horrible player brings nothing but scoring to a team. He is a assists machine. Ellis and Udoh for Bogut is a steal and dumping the plague Stephen Jackson. I would of traded Bogut and Jackson straight up for Udoh alone.
Brew Crew Super Fan::Umm yeah we're not the BEST but I think we're one of the scariest sleeper teams right now.  This team has amazing chemistry &amp; depth.  A few years ago the defense was rock solid but they couldn't shoot worth a darn.  Now we can shoot &amp; our D is good enough.  I thought MIL was going to throw in the towel once Bogut got hurt but John Hammond worked his magic &amp; look where we are.  Now if MIL needs to eventually trade Jennings they still have a chance to extend a solid SG in Monta Ellis.
going_ham64::definitely not best team lol, but yea i agree the trade was a major steal
GsDubb12::Video of Kevin love laughing at joe lacob  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYXpPFEXOew&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player
Brew Crew Super Fan::What's Love laughing about ... did he momentarily forget who he plays for?  T'Wolves never go anywhere.  Bucks could use a big man ...
cyclonextrem::bucks could have a 20 game winning streak and they wouldn't say it on ESPN
Brew Crew Super Fan::The Packers have one of the largest fan bases in the NFL because they have a winning tradition.  Fans started buzzing about the Brewers around 2005 already because they were hovering around .500.  If Wisconsin sports fans see that their teams are at .500 &amp; improving they will keep the turnstiles spinning.
Rattmausch::The Packers have one of the largest fan bases in all of professional sports but your right about the smaller fan bases when it comes to the Bucks, the Bucks aren't really a nationally known franchise but it does suck when the only major sports network out there only reports on the east coast when they claim to be "world wide leader in sports".  Espn only broadcasted 1 Brewer game all year last year and they made it to the NLCS!  That one game was in Philly in April and the broadcasters seemed to talk about Roy Holladay throughout the entire game and trust me, the Brewers fan base is still small but it is growing and is as strong, if not stronger than it ever has.  The Bucks just haven't had what the Brewers have had in recent times and if the Bucks get a new owner, a new arena, and a couple star players that don't mind playing in Milwaukee, Bucks fans will be some of the best in the league.
nocioniisgod::thATS BECAUSE THEY DO NOT HAVE A VERY BIG FAN BASE....oops that wasnt supposed to be in caps haha
Rattmausch::No, it'll be a "what's wrong with the Knicks" story if the Bucks hold the Knicks out of the playoffs.  The Bucks could be the 1 seed all season and still only get 1, maybe 2 nationally televised games and even if they won it all in June.  The top story on Sportscenter will be the Yankees and Red Sox.  I should make my own network, making it mid west bias and base it out of Milwaukee.lol. Chicago will be like New York and Milwaukee will be like Boston and we'll televise every  Cubs and Brewer games and every Bulls/Bucks games.lol.
ESCdismantled::ESPN will take notice when Bucks keep the Knicks out of the playoffs at the end
Grumkin04::35 assists!! That's good basketball.
Miller Park After Dark::looking forward to the bucks playing a decent team and seeing what they can do. this winning streak is nice but who have they played?!
BiGGMiKe1031::I am loving this new Bucks team and this 6 game win streak is awesome.  The last 2 games have been so fun to watch I am excited for Bucks bassketball moving forward!! Go Bucks Go! Fear the Deer! Be Milwaukee!!!
panther4406::Things that need to be addressed in the offseason for Milwaukee... They're not going to keep Beno, so they need to pick up a combo guard.  I hope the rest of the teams in the East stay hot so the Bucks miss the playoffs because adding one more athletic big to play in the up-tempo style they're playing would put them in contention.  Also, kudos to Drew Gooden for stepping up and earning his contract.  It's almost comical that 5 years- 32 million is actually looking like a great deal right now. If they can't sign Jennings, sign someone similar because having two scoring options in the back=court is really what sets this team apart.
sj3th::Beno has a player option next year for about $8 Million.....I don't see him walking away from that.
panther4406::didn't realize it was a player option, thought it was a team option.
dreballs::gad listen to all these stupid Bucks fans. OF COURSE MONTA IS FANTASTIC! Why do you think everybody thought you got the better end of this deal? Did you guys not see he averages 6 assists per game proving he isnt a ballhog? Did you not see that his career shooting % is 46? The PPG? The ridiculous plays and highlights? The blinding speed? Its obvious Monta was the best player in the deal and he'll soon be an allstar now that he's on a playoff team. And I didnt even get to Udoh....
Brew Crew Super Fan::Bucks fans heard all the stats when the trade went down, but I think we're just happy actually seeing now how he fits into our system &amp; how quickly &amp; seamlessly he's become integrated into it.
Goodbar77::LOL. Salty Blazer fan, hey that Luc Richard Mbah a Moute poster will be arriving in Portland very soon :)
TXPollution::So what are you saying?  That Bucks fans are stupid because they like Monta?  Were they supposed to not like Monta?  If they like Monta, were they not supposed to comment on a forum about liking Monta because it makes them sound stupid?  What are you, the wise ole owl on Monta?  Funny that you accuse a fanbase of stupidity for enjoying their new player.  Your comment says more about  your own immaturity and stupidity than it does about a fanbase enjoying their new player.  Grow up.
Brewcrewchamps::Someone wake me up or better yet pinch me!!!  This team is playing GREAT ball and i for one am amazed how this team is now compared to a month ago! Great trade! What this team lacked was speed and a go to guy in the late minutes. We now have that guy and getting the kid from Baylor was just icing on the cake. The bucks have also become the best passing team in the league! Dunleavy, Esren, Gooden are playing controlled Bball and that is what you need from your support men! Esren's baggage is he seems to take nights off so that might help us come resigning time! Team ball is working in Milwaukee so lets hope it stays that way! Would love to see us knock off Miami in the playoffs!
stickgril::Finally being able to enjoy watching them play. They were a disgrace before and well we are improving now....now we need presence down low
panther4406::no we don't.  as long as we can defend the post we don't need a presence.  we have guards who can penetrate, a low post presence would ruin what they've got going with the speed of the guards and the strong wing play.  what they need ideally would be a slasher at the 3.
StraightCashHomie84...::surging bucks? im confused
Antsea91::What else would you call a 6 game winning streak?
Kobelies247::This team is getting extremely good at consistently letting their fans down.
screwhead2305::Blazers should have traded Jamal Crawford when they had the chance, and Kurt Thomas should be cut so he can join a contender
LostAussie95::Theres only so much losing one can take...
dcenate2012::If the Bucks don't make the playoffs I will punch myself in the face
panther4406::i'd be cool with missing the playoffs... this team adding a good lottery pick will be very good next year.
Antsea91::Don't worry, your biggest competition is the knicks aka you guys are a lock for playoffs.
Mr.october187::Well i hope u dont break your nose.
kgrovesBYUfan::Is it going to be Milwaukee, Boston, or New York snatching the last playoff spots?
JR420EIGHTBALL::the highest they can get is #5 but yeah your right lol
WiscoMase23::not like philly or indiana are exactly killing it lately also
jeffymacleod::bucks should trade ellis and gooden for aldridge if possible
PrettyLillyFlower.::Bucks should have never traded a future hall of famer, top 10 greatest player of all time/ Nowitzki
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Sooo long ago. Thanks :)  - Mavs fan.
dcenate2012::HELL NO
Lofton222726::That was a helluva performance by the Trail Blazers bench players
T-rose724::can't believe monta only shot 8 times....
lhscf1::Ellis was only a ball hog in GS because he HAD to be. Who the $@%! else was gonna score on that team???
dreballs::Idk how bout any number of people on our #3 ranked 3PT shooting team. d.bag....
uwisfan34::14 points on only 8 shots, to go with nine assists and a few steals. Ellis played great tonight!
dcenate2012::Ellis is a ball hog what?
T-rose724::tell me about it
TitleTownUSA25::It's a great surprise
yorkkallday::nba player fantasy draft lebron goes #1 dwade not in #12 see whole thing here http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/
TitleTownUSA25::Are there any more Good Big men that will be available any time soon? WIth 1 more, Milwaukee would really be a force
sjmcb160::Al Jefferson. Utah needs to unload one of its big men soon.
wisky4life95::Bynum isnt worth that much dude. We can get Dwight howrd with that..lol
TXPollution::put the crack pipe down.
TitleTownUSA25::I wonder if Jennings, Harris, 2 1st Rounders, and a miscellaneous other player would be enough for Bynum
Tron88887888::bynum, because the lakers need to unload one of their big men soon.
TitleTownUSA25::I wonder if Clev would ever trade Varajea
dcenate2012::If its an athletic big man yeah.. Bucks up tempo game is really clicking.
dcenate2012::Hell ya
TitleTownUSA25::Imagine Milwaukee with 1 more Athletic Big Man. The Bigs are a large reason why Chicago is so Good
Tron88887888::right, because as their record stands after th addition of monta ellis and udoh, they need some help to get them over the top.
remotecon1::Bucks look really good playing very balanced basketball now instead of Brandon Jennings trying to carry us.
dcenate2012::Did Brockman play today?
panther4406::box score, dude.
sjmcb160::The Blazers didn't get the memo (no pun) that taking a dive for lottery picks shouldn't be this blatantly obvious.
Kobelies247::Did portland have another FAKE sellout croud?
JimboNoyes::lol sellout yes. all the seats are "sold out" for the rest of the year.  now attendance no .. hell no.  maybe 5/8th
Kobelies247::Saw tons of empty seats but im sure it was another 20,000 sellout!! I bet Barret does the head count!!!!
dcenate2012::ha
PrettyLillyFlower.::LOL
Kobelies247::Portland sure does love making bad teams look like rock stars.....  Getting real old!
Brew Crew Super Fan::Bucks aren't bad ... they're just misunderstood.
lhscf1::Kobelies247 might be the stupidest NBA fan I've ever run across, and that's really saying something.
Kobelies247::Sad
WiscoMase23::bucks are no longer bad. they are actually really good
Kobelies247::Beating portland in portland by 30 is uncalled for....
TitleTownUSA25::Milwaukee is far from a bad team
Kobelies247::Onlywhen they play portland
WiscoMase23::women's basketball highlights coming up on sportscenter tonight before the nba's longest winning streak highlights
Tron88887888::Gotta give props to the bucks front office for getting monta for basically nothing.
Brew Crew Super Fan::Bucks had what ... like a 3% chance of getting the first overall pick that year?  They figured hell why not get a decent big guy?
Rattmausch::Bogut is over rated horribly when he's healthy.  He's a solid big man that can rebound and score around the basket, but he's no where near what Bynum, Howard, and Gasol are.  Bogut was good in college for one season, that's how he was drafted so high.  Plus the 2005 draft wasn't very deep and the Bucks really had no choice but to take Bogut due to the fact everybody thought Micheal Redd was the dynamic player he was and Bogut could compliment him.  Bogut had a very solid '09-'10 season until he broke his arm in half now he can't shoot and he can barely run.  He might have one good season left but it's a matter of a couple seasons before he's out of the NBA.
1662azams::Bogut is garbage
wrecko22::yeah for a guy wearing a boot on the bench
WiscCHISportsFan12::The trade will look better for GS if Bogut stays healthy.
bmorenevermore::That is a gigantic if.
Tron88887888::nope.
Kobelies247::2-29
dcenate2012::Bench?
dcenate2012::Horrible..
Kobelies247::yup
dcenate2012::Gooden MVP
dcenate2012::Lebron should be worried
WiscCHISportsFan12::Without question.
Shadow_Boxer_WVU::Bucks are the Denver Nuggets East
U Mad Mods::Except the Nuggets have a better record
Bala88::Drew Gooden is having a career year
jakeschmeling::DELFINO +25
Oaktown1029::How did Ellis and Udoh play?
lhscf1::You can clearly see Shadow Boxer is from West Virginia so please don't lump this idiot in with us real sports fans who live in Wisconsin.
Shadow_Boxer_WVU::look at the box score are you that stupid
Oaktown1029::I was seeking some input that go beyond the boxscore from bball fans  but clearly you aren't one of those who can help me.
Oaktown1029::good!
I like the Packers::Ya great, thank u guys for giving them to us
WiscCHISportsFan12::Ellis had 9 assists and Udoh had 4 blocks.
WarriorsGO::Good
I like the Packers::Why is this game in a golden box? Something special I missed??
manymarks::cause the blazers gift wrapped for you guys
Malcyon1::It means the Bucks (or Blazers) are on your favorite teams list.
I like the Packers::ahhhh, well i dont remember clicking anything but hey they got it right haha
manymarks::blazers can officially close the door on this season, rumor has it that the Reserve golf course has all there clubs and shoes ready for the start of golf season which officially begins 11 apr for us here in the nw.
dcenate2012::Celtics coming up!!
Malcyon1::Ever since Monta joined the team I've seen all the players have even scoring stats instead of one/two guys scoring 30+.  Dude can help dish the ball around.
Kobelies247::This team is just PATHETIC!  Doesnt matter who the freaking coach is!!!!  What a joke.....
prommer11::116 with no one in the 20s. this team really knows how to share the ball. they've been playing teams tough all year and have never been able to piece together wins. better than their record would show, and i like ellis so far. hope he can close out games when we need him! Go bucks go!
1662azams::Wow...I'm going to be pulled in so many directions Thursday night...Should I watch Marquette's game against Florida to go to the Elite 8, Wisconsin's game against Syracuse to go to the Elite 8, or watch the Bucks go for Number 7 in a row?!?!  Does it get any better for a basketball fan in Milwaukee, Wisconsin?!?!
1662azams::I wish I could take a TV to the Bucks game... I'm leaning towards trying to score some tickets to watch them play the C's... Bradley Center will be Rockin'!
-FEARTHEDEER-::I've been to 5 bucks game this season and was gonna go tomorrow but tix are too expensive for me.
lebron_failed::ill be there, 105 BBB
WiscCHISportsFan12::I've been wanting to go to a game all year but moved out of state for work.
WiscCHISportsFan12::Get 3 TVs. That's what I plan on doing.
WarriorsGO::Of all the starters Ellis has the worst +- in a blowout. Hrmmmmmm
Fdacubbies::Have fun with Bogut you rat. Your team is cursed. 6 in a row baby- your team WAS in the playoff hunt lol what a joke
sj3th::I think you mean you couldn't care less...
1662azams::Rat?  Where do people come up with this stuff?
WarriorsGO::Fdacubbies - Have fun with Bogut you rat. Your team is cursed. 6 in a row baby- your team WAS in the playoff hunt lol what a joke  Congrats on being in playoff hunt. I could care less. I like Monta which is why I looked at these boards. I'm actually hoping he does well for u guys. I'm just saying there's got to be a reason he had the worst +- for ur starters. I think he does a lot of good things that he makes people forget about the bad things.
WarriorsGO::Not bad. I like Ellis. I just think u guys making more out of this then it is
dcenate2012::Why are you so frustrated about it than?
dcenate2012::Warriors fan is mad enjoy your crap team.
Goon5832::dcenate2012 - Warriors fan is mad enjoy your crap team.
dcenate2012::Warriors fan saying this... Ellis has been the difference maker.
Tyler45818::People say he's a ballhog...9 assists. Not forcing anything. Love it.
pjay197::Troll on Ellis all you want, they've won both games big with him and the Bucks will keep winning with him
1662azams::We'll get back to you Thursday after the Bucks smash the Celtics at the BC
Tyler45818::Why you trollin man? Be happy for him. Just keep watching, we'll beat some good teams.
dcenate2012::They didn't just win they blew them out badly.. Monta Ellis and his 9 assist helped to tyvm
WiscCHISportsFan12::This was our first win in Portland since Clinton was president I think.
WarriorsGO::Let me know when u play a good team. U won 2 games against 2 teams lookiNg toward next season. Congrats
Fdacubbies::And your point is?
dcenate2012::Portland 17 offensive rebounds
Palmz28::Ellis with 9 dimes has to be a great sign for deer fans.
docboss85::The guy shoots 46 percent for his career.  I never got the chucker label.
Palmz28::He may be the biggest chucker in the league but I think he sees some promise in his new teammates.
naddarians::and the team as a whole had 35 assists guess ellis  isn't a ballhog
