Jerry White::Dem wizzzzzzzz gud job been waitn along time for dem 2 bcum a gud team
Mike Knepper::me 2 bud!!  since they had the big 3.
Aaron Cohen::I've been a long suffering fan since the 70's and a season ticket holder since the late 80's. I'm psyched they finally have a good young team. It's been far too long.
Zach Batizy::Lets please keep this going for next game so we can finally be over .500
Tab Thao::Brandom Jenning is a selfish player. And a ball hogg. He suck
Kristian Sooklal::Washington Wizards just beat down the Pistons just like Washington D.C.'s employment statistics beat Detroit, Michigan's employment statistics.
Bruno Berardi::how do you get out scored 28 to 12 in 4th quarter at home.
John Osaki Jr.::The Washington Wizards are off to a good start to the season for a change! Die Hard Washington fans, turn-back-the-clock and check out Washington greats Wes Unseld, Elvin Hayes, and Earl Monroe in Walt Frazer's chapter of the 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Tom Totosz::Wow. Detroit loves to blow games in the 4th quarter. They're coach should be fired right after the game. Detroit is just a choke city.
Paul Walker::They play in Auburn Hills...nice try
Aaron Cohen::They may play in Auburn Hills but they're still called the "DETROIT" Pistons. So who cares where they play, they still choked the game away.
Gerry Miller::How can John Wall not be selected as an Eastern All Star starter? Dwayne Wade was great; but in 2013-14 he is not as good as John Wall.
Jazmine Ortiz::its a popularity contest
Nich Obert::I'm walls biggest fan, I'd definitely put Wade over him.  Wade is putting up a 20/5/5 shooting 54% from the floor as a shooting guard. That's incredible. For every 100 shots he and Wall take, Wade would hit 10 more. That's a massive gap.   Now.. Kyrie Irving is NOT better than John Wall. He isn't even shooting 3s better than Wall this year. Not to mention he's barely a point guard. Wall has more 10 assist games in his last 25 games than Kyrie has since graduating high school.
Ben Rinaldi::Wade has also had the luxury of sitting out 10 games this season and that keeps him fresh and ready to go each time he plays.  Statistically he's been incredible when he's played, but if you were to give other players the amount of rest and games off that Wade gets, they might put up better numbers as well.
Jake Pool::Detroit sux city baby! Jennings Josh smith are sh it.love seeing them choke in the 4th,lazy ghetto a a s busters
Jake Darin::get an education.
Jake Pool::Fu ck off
Scott Goudie::nice start to quarter when your trying to close out a team------LOSERS
Paul Walker::Go away loser
Scott Goudie::Paul Walker----you disagree with my statement?
Paul Walker::Calling them loses, yes I do. They're still trying to figure out a lineup with a new coach and some of the parts don't fit. They are a work in progress. Calling them losers is harsh.
Eric Jvon Thomas::Great job wizards we needed this, bench is finally playing great
Mark Antwan::Jennings and Smith come out strong but Was proves to be too strong with Hilario back Was Wins by 5
Aiden Lund::Wizards are looking very good this year and showing they just crushed Detroit the night before, they are really favored to win
Kerryonne DukeBoy Bowens::John Wall is the best pg in the east.
Cory Nope::The Pistons have assessed what they have, and are tanking. If lucky, the Pistons will grab a pick from 5-8. If the big names are off the board (Wiggins, Parker, etc.) I would LOVE to see them draft Dario Saric. Id hoped he would have stayed in the 2013 draft because of his 3pt shooting, superior ball distribution skill (He lives up to the "point-4" nickname), and he has that ice in his veins to hit game winning shots. Trading Monroe and KCP for a Klay Thompson, Kyle Korver, or Arron Afflalo would makes this unit a devastating team next year- along with drafting Saric.   I wouldnt mind seeing them flip Monroe/Stuckey/Villanueva/KCP for Eric Gordon/Ryan Anderson, either. That deal is a long shot, however.   In order to maximize Josh Smith, they have to trade Monroe either before the deadline, or on draft night. Love Moose, but hes not worth a max deal- at least not on a unit that features Drummond and Smith. Sell high- buy short.
Nich Obert::So.. Detroit plays Smith-Monroe-Drummond as a unit WAY too much. Their 3 most played units involve all 3.  None of them are averaging 36 mpg (I think).. There are 96 minutes to split between the 4/5. Is it so hard to play the 3 of them for 4 minutes to start, and then have them all play another 30~ minutes a piece two at a time?   Is it just an experiment because the east is awful and they can try and figure it out for 40 games and still make the playoffs if they abandon it?   If they can find the right way to use them, it COULD be devastating. IMO it's worth a prolonged look with some constant tinkering. No questions about it though, they're a better team when Smith is a power forward and Singler/KCP is in at the 3. I think you'll see more and more of that towards the end of the year if there is a playoff race and they haven't figured out how to play smith/Monroe/Drummond all at once. But you'll see it a lot early on, no matter how often it kills them.  It's a game of runs. Detroit isn't a bad 4th quarter team. People blow,leads every single night.
Cory Nope::Trading Monroe at his highest value is their best option. If lets say- Atlanta, was willing to hand over Kyle Korver and their first rounder in this years draft in exchange- they should take that deal with no hesitation. Perhaps they snag Lucas Nogueira along in that deal, as well. They arent going anywhere without perimeter shooting.   I think they are tanking- however.
Patrick J. Kiger::Monroe is a solid player, but it's puzzling to me that ESPN would make such a big deal out of him getting a fast-break dunk over a guy six inches shorter and 40 or 50 pounds lighter, who was only making the obligatory half-hearted effort at contesting the rim. Wall came up big in the 4th quarter, which was what mattered.
Bruno Berardi::I have to agree with what most of you are saying, yes FT's major reason they can't close out other teams, that and obviously poor lazy defense, how else do you blow a 20 pt lead and get outscored 28 to 12 in the 4th quarter, especially at home. It comes down to Fundamentals! Play defense take (and make) high percentage shots and make your FT's, especially last 2 minutes of the game.
James Aaron Sharp::Detroit never lead by 20.
Geoff Starling::I dont think this loss is about FT's, yeah they werent good, but the fact they got outscored by 16 in the 4th has nothing to do with FT's. All they had to do was play somewhat even in the 4th up 8, and it has to do with complete lack of half court offense, which has been a bugaboo all season... late in games they just dont seem to have any identity or idea what to do in the half court
Geoff Starling::The Pistons issues in the 4th seem to be leadership, ball movement, aggressiveness. All they know when things get tight is to go into post iso Offense, and the game gets more physical and the ball sticks and doesnt move, after that fails you get Jennings Hero ball which always fails.
Mang Artemio::i really dont know the problem here, its either the players or the coach.... maybe both. there's always a time in the game that the pistons will collapse guaranteed.... smh... i told myself i will never bet on this team, but i dont know why i still did it today
Geoff Starling::The defense is on both, personnel and coach. The offense I honestly think is Cheeks getting stuck in a pickle. In the 4th, 3 post players who cant shoot just doesnt work. And one hero-ball PG. It ends up in no ball movement. The difference in the 4th is the game usually gets more physical, defense buckles down, and the iso-post play doesnt work. I think the pistons need to change up Smith at SF. He doesnt work there in these situations. I also think its a leadership issue. We have no player who's a true one on one player. Jennings can get hot, but he doesnt know how to create good scoring opportunities for himself.
Bruno Berardi::Mang Artemio I said and did the same thing, I keep coming back on them and they blow 20 pt leads every game. WTF, come on.  We should have our heads examined for betting them.  There is an old saying, don't put good money on bad teams, and that's what we're doing
James Aaron Sharp::10 point lead on a team that beat them by 24 the other night. Detroit had a good second quarter, that's it.
David McIntyre::loved him as a player, but its seeming more and more that joe d can't put a TEAM together anymore. they might be lottery bound when its all said and done....and if so, hopefully a new gm will get to pulll the trigger.
Justin Taslak::Did you actually think the Josh Smith signing was a good idea in the first place? Putting him at SF has and will always be a surefire way to keep a team stuck in mediocrity.
Geoff Starling::I think you're being a bit knee jerk. I doubt this team will miss out on the playoffs when all is said and done. They just are too talented in the East and got off to a bad start. They're going through a bad stretch again, but they still seem to be a tough out for most teams. I suspect they'll play .500 ball from here on out and make the playoffs. I dont think the pistons are that far away either. Dont forget 3 of those their 4 best players are 23 and under and they have a lot of new faces. They have lots of room for trades if necessary and a lot of ceiling left. (Also how often do you expect a team to compete for a championship who's not LA? A 5 year hiatus from the playoffs is nothing for most NBA teams, they happen all the time)
Cory Nope::You have no idea as to what youre talking about..
Geoff Starling::Its disturbing the number of times the Pistons are outscored by double digits in the 4th. I dont think another team is even close, and usually they're leading before it happens.
Scott Waldon::Have not followed the Pistons that close this year but what I've observed is J. Smith and Jennings are shooting terrible %'s and (as already mentioned ) terrible 4th qtrs.
