Max 089::<a> test </a><a></a>
luvnbayes::The Clippers can win the west, they really can.  But del Negro might also screw it up.  For one thing, Eric Bledsoe has to play.  Not just 15 minutes, but starter's minutes.  He can play with Paul along with being the second point guard.  He just does too many things well for him not to be on the court.  And my second observation -- Odom looked great.  Like the absolute stud he was with the Lakers.
guidos89::last night opener was insane, DJ started it off with two monster dunks, am just glad the clippers have depth in their lineup, and are injure free this season,(beside billups hill) can't wait till barners play with the team, hopefully odom can just come up with some shots.. everyone else is going great!!! CLIPPERS NATION BABY!!!
gt1master_ike::Memphis is a team that forces you to turn the ball over. The Clippers have been a team that doesn't turn the ball over since Chris Paul got there. So its surprising that they had 22 turnovers and still hit 101. The Clippers will again be top 5 in offensive efficiency in part due to their miniscule turnover rate this year. Just don't feature Deandre in the offense unless he is getting dunks off the pick and roll.
BarrelRider04::Wow, tough game last night. The Griz are tough! Glad to see we hung in there. Crawdaddy was huge! CP3 did his usual thing taking over in the crucial waning minutes. Deandre was KILLING us! We need to somehow harness his good play because he can bring so much energy but his turnovers and unintelligent play at times can really cost us...dare I say sometimes he reminds me of Kaman....NOOOOOOOO!!! I mean 9 turnovers by one player is absolutely despicable!!!!
kissmesoftlyintherain::clipper fan here... great game grizzlies will be tough for a while
Meninga::werd. they have a good team.
pjoesmith::Grizzlies fan here ... good tough game.  Almost playoff intensity.  Congrats to Clippers.  If Clippers play that intense all year, they will probably win 60 games.  Just like last year, Eric Bledsoe kills the Grizzlies.  As a Grizzlies fan, sometimes I'm relieved when Chris Paul comes back in.
gt1master_ike::So you are relieved that Chris Paul comes in and closes the game late like he almost always does? Ok man.
LAclippers180532::yah u should of thanked him
Clobbersaurus01::He's making a comment to illustrate a point and compliment the opponent.  Thank him.
stoop404::can you imagine what the score would have been if the Clippers didn't have 22 turnovers? Blake goes for 11 Paul goes for 12 and we still won by 8. I would love to hear the Laker fans excuse for their efforts and still try and justify why the Clippers are garbage.
Realroca::Since when do Laker fans hate the Clippers?  I don't hate the Clippers.
49erfan1000::I have heard that the Clippers are the real team for LA.    Do you have a baseball team in LA????  GO GIANTS
LAclippers180532::LETS GO DODGERS
LAclippers180532::yah the dodgers. watch out giants. i have plenty of reasons why the dodgers didnt make the playoffs but they r going to make it next year. there whole line up is full of all stars and if matt kemp or ethier didnt get injured in 2012 the dodgers would have had it. giants suck. the only thing that make u have a chance to win was the pithching. other than that giants suck and GO DODGER BLUE
seahawks2395::eww jamal crawford is their leading scorer! kill yourself
Meninga::not to mention 5 other guys with double figures scoring, shot worse from the line and turned the ball over more.
Meninga::i'll take 10-14 every night thanks
stoop404::sounds like that really bothers you, maybe you should kill yourself so you don't have to watch it any more
LobCityCP32BG32::crawford has scored 50 pts 3 times in his career...the guy can score...what's wrong with you?
doof54::Overall, the Grizzlies just did not look good.  How many times did Mike Conley or Rudy Gay pass the ball with either:  * a defender already in the passing lane , or  * a defender cutting into the passing lane that they should have noticed  but they could not stop themselves from making the pass/turnover ??  Guys, this is the speed at which the game is played. Catch up.  Zach Randolf did not look good. He had many 50/50 (or better) balls taken away from him: rebounds he should have had, loose balls he should have had, deflections he should have had. Not aggressive enough around the ball.  And still no lift, and still too many shots away from, and moving away from, the basket. And then that false aggression late. Blake Griffin punked him. I hope it motivates him. It should.  Rudy Gay is starting to remind me of Alex Rodriguez. He gets all his points when it doesn't matter. When his team needs him to step up, he wilts. This game, after the Grizz fought back, Rudy misses an ill-advised shot on a critical possession, hangs his head, doesn't get back on D, his man hits a three pointer with no one within fifteen feet. Five point swing at a critical point with the game on the line.  Ellington: looks like a wasted roster spot.  Bayless: while steady spelling Conley, how can you not be ready for this game, son?  Pondexter: useless on both ends of the floor tonight. Looked like a deer in the headlights.  If Haddadi is not going to get playing time, why keep him? In a related matter, why did they release Jordan? He looked good, and someone will pick him up. In the NBA.  Selby? Wroten? The other team used their bench. Ten Clippers dressed, ten Clippers played. Huge contributions from Bledsoe and Crawford. Congratulations to both of them.  Decent game by Marc Gasol, Tony Allen and Mo Speights.  No flopping or anything like that to complain about in this game. The Clippers took this game. The Grizzlies didn't want it, apparently.
Griss13ears::Pretty spot on.
nba is the worst::Nice to see Deandre didn't miss a ft for once ;)
leggosuns1969::I have made about  $3,000 a month  on average over the past 2 months now by following this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. When I found this site it was on the first page of Google when searching the words Sports Betting System. This system works. Hope this helps a bettor out there not having much luck.
jhudoba::Starters - 52 points   Bench- 49 points. Great balance.
tuala46::It's cool that we can rely on the bench when the starters are having a bad game
dash2k4::Or bad starters.
LAclippers180532::its goood and bad. its bad cause the starters neeed to do good but good because your bench could save u
GriseldaBlanco420::This Clipper team can win a title if they learn how to play defense and not turn the ball over, that Crawford piece is a great addition for a pure scorer
tuala46::And we're still missing Billups, Hill, and Barnes
tuala46::I don't see Barnes being an injury concern...I can see Billups and Hill playing a little over half of the season though.
jasiekforever::get use to it
dash2k4::Get real.
GriseldaBlanco420::The Clippers are gonan go to the next level when they stop trying to impress critics and just play basketball
Bayan7maestro::shake n bake baby!
LAfanforlife805::lakers game $@%! me off but watching the clippers made thing better. crawford and bledsoe are beast.
Clobbersaurus01::Fun game!  Hate that we lost, but loooove the chippiness!  Bring back 80s-90s basketball!!   Memphis scraps, can be a bewildering quandary.  In many ways, Memphis is the anti-slick, anti-polish, anti-easy.  In other words, anti-Thunder and anti-Lakers.  Don't get me wrong, the Grizz are talented, but while they do many things exceptionally well, and have many fundamentals, they appear to run against convention in today's NBA.  The SI article comparing Chris Wallace and Sam Presti I think exemplified the persona of this incarnation of the Grizz.    Oh, and Marc &gt; Pau.  Gahard &gt; Gasoft.
GeorgeTownMan29::Grizz bench w/o Mayo is trash
roy2daboy::Juice is very inconsistent.
GriseldaBlanco420::yeah no scoring at all off that bench
Joe six pack and a bag of chips::The Rainier Beach HS product, along with Franklin HS product  Jason Terry do it for me, with Nate Robinson getting honorable mention.
GriseldaBlanco420::I was a Clipper fan for a few hours tonight and Im just glad Crawford is on their team and helped me cover the 4.5
123Lolzers23::grizz didnt foul deandre enough
LobCityCP32BG32::he shot himself in the foot with those bad passes
airic.ad::They definitely went after him though... 9 TO's
shivyjr::I most say Rondo can be a freak and get triple doubles
Arrow in the Knee::Rondo shoots worse than most PFs
Moonshadow99::Rondo is so good, but he's also hurt his team with getting suspended with refs and getting unneeded techs and things of that nature.  He's a very volatile player in terms of his mood and he needs to step up more as a leader -- even taking it away from Pierce if necessary because it seems like Pierce needs to keep Rondo on track more than the other way around and Rondo needs to be the guy now holding his teammates accountable more.
LobCityCP32BG32::he's great...but my problem with him is that his attitude sucks...which is why boston has been known to shop him around at times
airic.ad::Ok, that doesn't make him the best
shivyjr::I know I was debating he wasn't the best but I was just stating a fact
shivyjr::I would say D-will and Paul are equal and D-will's teammates suck as.s
LobCityCP32BG32::I don't know if it's weaker than the west...all I can see in the west is OKC without harden, an older Spurs team, Lakers suck...Dallas sucks or at least unproven with so many new players...it's pretty even between east and west
gt1master_ike::D will has a team now. I don't want to hear any more excuses if the Nets don't make the playoffs in the weaker East.  But I think now that he will ball out this year.
airic.ad::Don't forget the sixers
gt1master_ike::It is weaker than the West.  The West 8th seed is usually a 6th or 5th seed in the east by record.
LobCityCP32BG32::the east aint weak though...celtics bulls pacers...and the heat are clearly the favorites
LobCityCP32BG32::he's probably the closest...but nets got some weapons this year
shivyjr::Latinofire20 CP3 is not the best pg in the nba. Rondo and Rose are both better than him. ======================================================== what are you smoking because I want some?
Moonshadow99::Rondo can only rebound better than Paul, otherwise, I'd say Paul is an overall superior PG.  Rondo is pretty equal as a defender I'd say, but Paul's brilliance is his pacing and taking over when needed and stepping back when needed.  I've never seen a better PG at managing the game and you always feel like he is playing the game to game possessions mostly on his terms versus defenses dictating their terms and sets.
LobCityCP32BG32::LatinoFire20 is on CRACK
Tiger4298::rajon rondo and rose are both very good pgs. I would still rather have chris paul though.
FadeBackShoot2Points::@tiger sorry that comment wasn't aimed at you
FadeBackShoot2Points::name one thing rondo does better than paul
FadeBackShoot2Points::lol@rondo being better than paul..rose? maybe but rondo, please lay off the crack
LobCityCP32BG32::of course you can argue for any of them because better is so subjective...but paul is a beast and I don't think calling him the best pg is unreasonable...rondo is not a good leader and rose is a score first pg
gt1master_ike::I think he is an upset Grizzlies fan. Rose is hurt and Rondo is not better than Paul in his dreams.
LobCityCP32BG32::yeah man...I think you're right
Jookmon::lakers bench vs clippers bench......oh my word, it wont be fair at all on friday
LobCityCP32BG32::yeah...but that's why the starters sometimes play too
Latinofire20::Lakers have a bench?????
hillybilly400::Laker fans " We got this................LBJ, Wade, and Durant will be joining us in 2014!!! "    TRUE Laker fans " WE are in big doo doo.............."
stoop404::thats the stupidest comment i have read yet. already planning the reboot to buy another championship is laughable. I thought this was your season? I'm not saying the Lakers aren't going to be contenders, but this isn't the start they were looking for. The lack of depth off the bench is going to be a real problem throughout the season and unfortunately they have nothing to offer anyone to get anyone better than what they have now. See you Friday
Tiger4298::clippers ball handlers are ridiculous, crawford and paul were just dancing on people. and bledsoe's so strong you can't even stop him
Moonshadow99::DJ still needs to protect better -- 20 is still 20 overall.  Need to clean that up more.  Paul will never have this issue obviously.
gt1master_ike::DJ inflated the team's total turnovers. The important thing is the guys who had the ball most Paul and Crawford only had 3 turnovers.
LobCityCP32BG32::DJ gets too excited sometimes
airic.ad::9 by DJ... that isn't too bad for everyone else
Soonerhopeful1::Yet they ended up with 20 turn overs.. High for them.
Soonerhopeful1::Jack Nicholson did get a Clippers 32 Jersey..!
hillybilly400::Khloe K didn't look half as bad on the X Factor tonight....................................lol
BOB_JIMMY_JOHNNY_BILLY::someone needs to coach chris paul not to touch his face while hes being interviewed
1Realthing::Latinonfir I bet you would think CP3 was the best point guard ifthe lakers got him last season...
Latinofire20::I saw the game....Crawford was clutch when CP3 finally decided to show up at the end.
LobCityCP32BG32::which is clutch...of course he could had a better all around game...but showing up when the game is on the line is clutch
LobCityCP32BG32::stop looking at just the box score and watch the game...how many assists did chris paul get?....exactly
LobCityCP32BG32::dude...paul gave crawford that pass for the 3...and paul had two layups late to seal it. Clutch isn't always hitting a buzzer beater every time
Latinofire20::Crawford finished with......13 i think in the 4th quarter. paul got what?? 5??
Latinofire20::Clutch?? I'm pretty sure Crawford was the clutch one. CP3 doesn't do anything all game and then he decided to dribble dribble dribble and shoot the last couple minutes....yea clutch huh.
Latinofire20::CP3 is not the best pg in the nba. Rondo and Rose are both better than him.
LobCityCP32BG32::who else would you rather handle the ball? passing only creates turnovers...unless you're the freakin' best pg in the league
Latinofire20::you can do the same thing by passing the ball to players who actually did something the whole game.
gt1master_ike::Paul hit 2 shots under 5 minutes and 3 free throws.  Crawford hit 2 shots. How was Paul not clutch? And both of Crawford's points were assisted by none other than Chris Paul. G T F O man.
LobCityCP32BG32::his dribble dribble took time off the clock...it's call clock management and that's how you win the game
Tiger4298::weren't they down entering the 4th?
LobCityCP32BG32::if he keeps coming up clutch like that...he can do whatever he wants at the interview
BOB_JIMMY_JOHNNY_BILLY::how was it clutch? not all good performances are clutch. they won by 9 points.
hillybilly400::Jack Nicholson " Is there room on the Clipper's BANDWAGON for me??? "
davidsleep::No. Khloe's fat butt takes it all up.
gt1master_ike::Getting rid of Mo helped. The Clips are still small in the backcourt bu now most of their small guys actually play a defense.
Lakersclipperlovemaking::Oh noes
hillybilly400::If Steve Nash is injured........................Lakers are in deep DOO DOO........
davidsleep::This was some great physical basketball. Go Clippers!
Lebron is in the illuminati 2::I like Zach's motto: If I'm going down, so are you.
rogerzcard::lakers need a coaching change
Latinofire20::Grizzlies still need 3-pt shooting. I really hope they give Selby some minutes because he was on fire in the D-League from 3-pt range.
Lugene Parker::We didnt acquire bayless to be a 3pt shooter.  we acquired him to be a pg distributer.  He did that well tonight.  Alarmingly however, our three point shooting has not gotten better.  I say put selby in and take your chances.  The kid was a monster in the summer league.  Let him play!
thechampishere2::Bayless missed as many shots as Mayo did for us. Everything feels like game 7 last year. HOW DID WE MISS SO MANY OPEN 3s???
thf24::The acquisition of Bayless must mean either Hollins or the office doesn't have a ton of confidence in Selby or Wroten at this point, but after tonight I don't have much confidence in Bayless.
roy2daboy::Hollins decision to not play him or our draft pick (Tony Wroten JR) may have been ok with our former owner (Michael Heisley), but that sh....it aint gonna work with Robert Pera.
shivyjr::After the Lakers 0-2 start Dwight Howard requests to be traded
LobCityCP32BG32::I don't think you can trade a player after acquiring him in the same season...funny joke though
laxfiles4::I think you can...
Soonerhopeful1::Who would you rather have...Bledsoe or Nash..?
Kristian1067::Bledsoe Nash to old Bledsoe to much upside
LobCityCP32BG32::bledsoe...of course...but that's not fair because bledsoe is on his rookie contract so he can't make as much as nash even if he was as good
davidsleep::Bledsoe
Lakersclipperlovemaking::LOL
meats29::I'll take the guy 14 years younger making 1/10th of the money
Jonathan66576::Steve Nash might as well be Kevin Nash. Too old to play. Going with Bledsoe.
ADubz23::Bledsoe
RZA_CONSOLE::nash
BRAY5150::Bledsoe
FadeBackShoot2Points::bledsoe
gt1master_ike::Bledsoe
IAmYourNeighbor::What's going on with Darrell Arthur?  Is he still with Memphis?
FadeBackShoot2Points::hurt again
roy2daboy::Still nursing his injury.  Hopefully, he should be back in the rotation very soon.
ADubz23::Who's uglier, Zach Randolph or Reggie Evans? 1,2,3....go!
Lebron is in the illuminati 2::Greg Oden, no contest.
meats29::Chris Kaman
shivyjr::the onion test is needed
meats29::Sam Cassell
Lebron is in the illuminati 2::Joakim Noah
IAmYourNeighbor::And his mother is a flipping model!!!  (was)
TIGERJAW is dumb::From a Memphis fan: ZBO. No contest.....
BRAY5150::Good game Memphis should be fun the next time around
Lebron is in the illuminati 2::Zach isn't dirty. He just doesn't like little babys like Blake.
Lakersclipperlovemaking::did you see him drag blake down and trip him like 30 times thats not basketball
Kristian1067::The baby is Zbo  throwing blake to the ground then running away
Lakersclipperlovemaking::i dont agree with that statement
TIGERJAW is dumb::Tough loss tonight, though it really was great to watch some fierce basketball again. Looking forward to seeing what both the Clips and Grizz will do this year. We will be fighting you for that 3/4 seed Clips fans!
Kristian1067::No way the lakers take 1 or 2. They got to get a real coach first
LobCityCP32BG32::well right now the lakers don't look like they're going anywhere fast
LobCityCP32BG32::I'm a clippers fan....but 3/4 seems right...I mean you got OKC and San Antonio...clips might be 3rd seed
roy2daboy::The Rockets just upgraded with Harden, Lin, and Asik.  They'll be contenders this season.
LobCityCP32BG32::roy2daboy is on crack...HOUSTON?!?
ADubz23::Clips will be playing for the 1/2 seed idiot
TIGERJAW is dumb::no way troll. Lakers and OKC will secure the first two seeds.
roy2daboy::Slow your roll kid.  There's still OKC, Houston, San Antonio, and Portland to battle.  Plus, even though they loss two in a row, the Lakers will get their ish together.
shivyjr::what I was more impressed with was less 3 point shooting than last season
Lakersclipperlovemaking::why is zack so dirty?
RZA_CONSOLE::maybe b/c his nickname is zebo?
Latinofire20::He was falling and well....he needed someone to join him on the trip....seriously tho, he was falling and grabbed something by instincts.
TireBiterUSC::He grabbed Blake from behind and tackled him.  Not sure what he was trying to there. Maybe he just needed a hug.
Latinofire20::Z-Bo* and he isn't dirty. Playing physical and dirty are two different things.
gt1master_ike::Bledsoe needs more playing time.  Him and Paul can both be on the court at the same time with either playing off the ball.
LobCityCP32BG32::that's why I said switches...defensive switches will put either paul or bledsoe on a sf at times
Kristian1067::Barnes being suspended hurt them. And Hill is still coming back from bone bruise once that happens they will have some size at sf
LobCityCP32BG32::so small though...gay was shooting over them...I know gay is a sf but what about when they do switches
gt1master_ike::Put bled on the SG, not Gay. The clippers need to figure out what they want from the SF spot. Butler is kind of inconsistent on offense and his D has slipped.  Maybe play Hill(when he returns) more to guard wings.
