packersbulls::tiebreaker....?
IveForgotAbout85::The Spurs just have that cry baby face on all the time.  Between Duncan crying all the time like a $@%!$, Ginobli and his flopping, and Parker with his smirk I'm not sure who I want to slap more.
japplegren::great game between two great teams. always enjoy playing SA, pretty classy team and fans.
RyanCarranza::I was highly entertained by last nights game and am very happy with the end result.  Go Bulls!
vickyvnj::Awesome game to watch.  San Antonio is a classy team and I was impressed with their fans as well: When Rose got up after being hurt they clapped for him and cheered at seeing that he was OK. Unlike the boorish and trollish crowd in Indy that applauded with unabashed joy when Rose twisted his ankle there last year in the playoffs. Was sickening to see the ignorance and how happy they were to see someone in pain.  ANyyyyways - great game by both teams. Bulls gutted it out in a tough stadium to visit.  Hats off to SA fans;  you guys have a great team again this year.
DRoseIsSexy::I wouldn't be happy beating anyone b/c their team was injured. Takes away from the win.
53Kevin::Well here is some more ignorance for you,last night while I was chating with other Bulls fans,when D.ROSE got hurt,our chat adminstrator told us that there were some other fans signing into our chat board typing "yeesss!"I don't know what fans but I think that was classless.The only classless  fans I know are Heat fans.Whether it was them or not ,I dont know.But they always troll our chat boards on NBA.COM BULLS CHATFORUM.
Apakalypse085::I'd never like to see anyone on the Heat get hurt, but i'd like to see them lose, a lot.
chicagofan68::i was actually at that game in indiana. my friends and i were freaking out and they were cheering, it was bad
chicagofan68::ha, i would've been happy to but we were right in front of a bunch of military being honored at the game, so....decided against it.
Apakalypse085::Should've beat their as.ses.
Apakalypse085::Some of the best fans in the league. Aside from Bulls of course.
DRoseIsSexy::Agree 100%
RyanCarranza::Well put
IlliniDave68::Nicely stated, sir.
Apakalypse085::Can someone please explain to me why the Heat are 1/2 back, but still in 1st? I understand that they have a higher % of winning, but it seems weird to me.
ttecza::GB is the differential of wins and losses divided by 2. The situation with the Heat and Bulls is kind of unique. The Bulls have 3 games in hand, The Bulls are 2 up in the win column. 2 divided by 2 is, 1. The Heat are 1 up in the loss column. 1 divided by two is, 1/2. You subtract the 1/2 from 1 and you have the 1/2 GB.  Its easier to understand when the teams have played the same amount of games.
chicagofan68::yeah, each extra win you're up counts for half a game, each fewer loss you have counts for half a game, add it up and you're set. or the reverse for being down however many.  win % makes more sense though, given that it essentially predicts those extra games. at this point though, neither really matter. the teams are essentially even.
IlliniDave68::I'll confess that, when I was younger, it took me a lot longer than it should've to get that little formula down, Tony. Beautiful thing is, with the exception of hockey, it works for every sport.
ttecza::I was confused typing it. Had some time on my hands so I gave it a shot anyway.
Apakalypse085::Well now I really know. Thank you sir lol.
miguel151551::kuz the heat are a bunch of sissies and always get their way!!!
Grab_It_Joa::Better Clutchness:  1) D. Rose 2) Ferrari Enzo 3) 1989 Oldsmobile 4) Lebron James
DRoseIsSexy::This made me lol. So mean to Lebron
Apakalypse085::Going with 5), 1-3.
Apakalypse085::Hoping Rips starts to click on offense. It's been hard to watch all those missed jumpers, but I guess it's because he's been out awhile.
chicagofan68::yeah, a lot of people are freaking out (not you, others) about him, but considering how well he did before the injury in a small sample size, it's safe to assume these struggles are just from missing a couple dozen games or so. i'm not worried.
DRoseIsSexy::Like I said before give Rip time. I'd prefer him to peak in the playoffs than to do great now and the die off.
IlliniDave68::Plus, they're gonna get some actual time off between games in the 2nd half as well.
ttecza::The Bulls are just warming up. Everything should come around. They have some time to start firing on all cylinders. Should be fun to watch.
Apakalypse085::So about that SOS..........
ttecza::LOL. Scoring differential, rebounds and defense doesn't matter.
ttecza::Yeah, I have seen that dude around. I know what you mean.
Apakalypse085::Because all that matters is the SOS. PPG, RBG. APG, and PA do not matter. I hope u know this is all sarcasm.
ttecza::I think the Bulls lead the league in assists per game, also. But, why mention that.
Apakalypse085::Right, all that matters is this SOS. Nothing else.
miguel151551::anyone seen that gogoberry idiot????????????
ttecza::The less idiots, the better.
The_Devlin::If Dwight Howard was smart he would stay with the Magic for this season.  Then, he can sign with the Nets in the offseason and D. Williams will of course re-sign.  That way the Nets don't lose all of their assets (players, future draft picks, etc).  They say Brook Lopez and D Howard can't play together and that is fine because Lopez could be traded for a better complimentary player to Howard and WIlliams.  The Brooklyn Nets (or whatever name they decide) could be set and a legit contender for years to come.
TheKingOfTheSouthKingdom5::It very Funny How the Thing can Go... In His First Years In Chicago DRose was with a very talented(at that Time) young Player,very good Shooter, able to create his Shot by Himself: Gordon...I always watch the Serie against the Celtics as a good Reminder of that Period. But then the Management took a Risk to trade Him, because they wanted first to build a Team around DRose(Gordon wanted to have more money too),with the Idee that This what the Right Move To allow Drose to Grown to the Player He  is Right Now.....The Story Get a Kind Of Irony because The Bulls Try desesperate to Remplace Him, Now Hamilton is The Next Move....I Think Hes not the Right Answer......
luvnbayes::Nothing wrong last night with the Spurs that Manu wouldn't cure.  He will go right back to being the closer, and the Spurs will go right back to winning these close games.
ttecza::What's the deal with Gary Neal? He almost pulled the game out last night.
flybye23::good win ya $@%!$@%! !!!   lol
flybye23::bast*ard is a bad word i guess, lol
HOLLYWOODHUNTER79::If Howard is a FA next year Bulls need to sign him.  Rose Deng Boozer Howard Noah  ^^^----NBA CHAMPS FOR THE NEXT 5 YEARS
DRoseIsSexy::As much as I would love to have Howard. I don't see a good outcome or good way of getting him.
ttecza::I would rather have two groups that can compete instead of just one.
flybye23::still not a better team then the Heat and definetly don't have the cap room.  you cant restructure contracts in the NBA like the NFL does.
PartinRedSeas::boozers rickety old a.ss would fall apart to soon
robrenaldi::pipe dream, where's the cap room coming from?
Robert156877::Pipe dream.  They need to cut 30 million + in salary to even come close to signing Howard.  If they got rid of all the non-starters that would cover about 13 million. Miami did it by having noone on the books except for Beasley, so they were able to sign Wade, Bosh and LeBron at once, then they traded Beasley to have room to sign Mike Miller.  Everyone else were rookies and veteran minimum players.
mccoywajmu::lol i love the completely unrealistic free agent signings...
HOLLYWOODHUNTER79::Restructured contracts, bench trades to free of cap. lots of ways. How did Miami get the 3 biggest FA  a few years back??? Anything can happen.
HOLLYWOODHUNTER79::The difference this year is Chicago is WINNING as a TEAM!!
The_Devlin::The Bulls are one of about 5 teams with a legit chance to win it all this year.  Bulls, Heat, Thunder, Clippers and Spurs.....any other team wins it all and I think it would be a big surprises.  This is as of the rosters right now though.  A lot can change between now and March 15.
Apakalypse085::I don't know about the Clips. They've been crap lately.
Man From UNC::Carlos Boozer is done....has already played too many minutes this season, he looks old and slow.....
TrollHardorGoHome::Carlos Boozer cannot guard a 50 year old Tim Duncan. sheesh.
drinking beer with cutler::Noah was guarding Duncan.
Man From UNC::Taj Gibson should get more minutes......
SumthinLikeAChamp::oh so Gary Neal scoring 15 points in the 4th is Boozer fault?  Point blank coach Tibodeaux's defensive coaching hides Boozer's defensive defencies as WELL as Rose's.
mccoywajmu::rose is a good defender...people need to go away with that mess...this isnt his rookie year anymore
sjr1893::I want Omer to dunk and score more often so I can hear Stacey King say "Asik and Destroy" more often
Choose your member name::I just want him to dunk period! He catches and does a little shuffle all the time. Giving the defender time to square up and alter his shot.   Catch and dunk Asik! Catch and dunk Asik!
sjr1893::Someone needs to teach Omer how to handle the ball at the rim, he works hard to get the offensive rebound, then throws up a wild shot or it gets stripped from him
IlliniDave68::Yeah or has it bounce off his rock-like hands, in front of the basket.
rynodesign::The need to just put him in a corner at the Berto Center and just throw basketballs at him until he is black and blue. Butter fingers. The Turkish Hammer needs to go up strong two handed and just throw down. He plays weak with those 5 little fakes he does under that basket, then a get stripped or blocked. Keep the damn ball up.
rynodesign::He is so big he has nothing to be scared of. Throw down big fella. He seems to have taken a step back this year.
RyanCarranza::Freaking the F out!!
rynodesign::Drives me crazy. First thing they teach Forward and Center is to not bring the ball down under the basket. What the hell is he doing?
sjr1893::exactly, he is huge, go up strong and dunk on someone, if Booz can do it, he definitely  can
RyanCarranza::It looks like he is having a seizure down there sometimes... up down up down up down
DRoseIsSexy::I cringe a bit when he gets the ball on offensive. Love him otherwise.
RyanCarranza::He needs to sleep with a basketball in his hands every night.
ttecza::They need to fire basketballs at him from one of those pitching machines for a couple of hours a day.
andre3000nyt::He needs a basketball Jones.
chadhenne07::lol he plays good defense and blocks but when the ball is in his hands it scares me cuz he leaves it out there for everyone to get it lol
sabermetrics are right::Bulls fans should learn that winning percentage is how they order the standings.
TaftEagles76::no you are wrong... it is by the hollinger power rankings.. everyone knows that
chicagofan68::maybe, but the heat are still technically half a game back.  doesn't really matter though, i don't consider the bulls 'ahead', just pointing that out.  either way these teams will be 1 and 2 and in the ECF.
lotus218::no question
RyanCarranza::Bingo
RyanCarranza::Are you a Heat fan saber?
chadhenne07::3rd in the NBA 2nd in the east until tonight
chadhenne07::i know that saber
DRoseIsSexy::What's everyone's thoughts on trading Boozer. If yes, for who?
lotus218::who would be dumb enough...   thats like asking should the cubs trade soriano.. if so for who
DRoseIsSexy::I agree on the over paid thing. I looked at what he was making and went WTF? Yeah he is playing better this year but it all comes down to playoffs.
RyanCarranza::Nobody wants his contract... It's not him, just over paid and the amnesty only works on the last season of his contract.
chadhenne07::i dont want them to trade boozer ....why doesn no one like him....he hits his shots and plays good defense.....
chicagofan68::he's good, and i like him, but that doesn't mean he's worth his contract. that being said, i think people overestimate how much he's overpaid. plus, i think the bulls can win it all this year, as is, so no need to do something crazy.
rynodesign::No one will take his contract. We are stuck unless we amnesty him. I really don't mind Booz. He is what I thought he'd be. Just way over paid.
rynodesign::Unless he some how finds success in the post season.
sjr1893::I think they will amnesty him for the last year of his contract to just get his a$$ out of town
chadhenne07::boozer has been playing solid this year
bstant12::he plays good aganist the bad teams and terrible aganist the above .500% teams, hes garbage
Man From UNC::Boozer has played too many minutes and looks old and slow...
DRoseIsSexy::Haha that's what I thought too but thought i'd post it anyway,.
sjr1893::the question is, who would want Booz?
Evolver30::Taj Gibson should be getting more mins. Thoughts?
heartmeetsground::Depends on who the Bulls play . If Noah is matched up against a player like Duncan who can force him out of the paint because he can hit the mid-range shots,I'd say more minutes for Taj. The Bulls need his defense in the paint to cover for Noah.
chadhenne07::thibs knows how to rotate the roster
DRoseIsSexy::Love taj!
rynodesign::If Taj can keep improving his footwork he will be great and deserve the minutes. I like his game he is solid all around just add a couple post moves and good turn around jumper he is money.
DROSE5494::Great defender. Can jump out of the gym! Play the guy!
sjr1893::agree, too bad the guy in front of him doesn't play a lick of defense  ACTUALLY CONTEST SHOTS BOOZ!!
Evolver30::Too true. Also stop fading away on every other shot and DUNK PLEASE!
Evolver30::Good call. Think if Taj got 25-30 mins a game he would avg a solid double double with 2.5 bpg.
RyanCarranza::Taj is big defense.  Blocks...
chadhenne07::some ask me would i trade noah, gibson, deng for dwight.....i said hellllllllllll nooooooooo
chadhenne07::agreed
chadhenne07::ima tell u a player on the bulls team that plays hard and is a factor everygame that knowbody up here talks about him..............noah.....everytime rose or someone misses a shot or a lay up who is there for the orebound to tip it in......that guy plays hard and needs more respect.....i am glad we drafted him
DROSE5494::Exactly my point, two national championships in college, over Greg Oden. The ever absent Greg Oden. His motor never stops.
chadhenne07::he was like that in college he always plays hard.....
DROSE5494::The Bostin series 3 years ago.
rynodesign::Dunkin on Pierce. He was in Beast Mode.
rynodesign::Love Jo. How could you not. I wasn't happy when the Bulls drafted him but that quickly changed. His a hard worker that is what the Chi is all about.
DRoseIsSexy::I love Noah the last few games I hope he keeps it up it'll be a huge boost!
chadhenne07::hits free throws, gets assist, rebounds, plays defense, blocks shots, has a ugly but it goes in set shot, what more can u ask for a center and he can guard players around the perimenter
RyanCarranza::He can guard anyone.
DROSE5494::4 years ago I wouldn't have agreed with you but I so do now! One of the best garbage players in the league! Very underrated.
RyanCarranza::I love the way he has been playing... such an underrated passer!!
sjr1893::agree, Noah is my fav player, can't play the game as hard as he does
sjr1893::Glad to see Deng hit some clutch shots late, his shots have been way off, he doesn't look the same to me these last two games.  No doubt he will turn it around though
DRoseIsSexy::Me too hope he keeps hitting the big shots.
chadhenne07::defense plays to
chadhenne07::dang....deng has been looking good to me the last few games....he hit some big shots
Bluhntman::As a bulls fan I hate to see Deng put up those Kobe mid-range jumper fade aways. Deng has always been a good shot taker and shot 52% on 19 ppg in his second or third year. I want to see him get to the basket more, draw fouls, and lay off the jump shots unless he is hot.   Also Derrick has to stop taking so many threes. 4.3 attempts per game is just uncalled for. If he got that number down to about 2 per game he would be over a 50% shooter. His free throws are down since last year by 1 FTA per game and his shooting percentage is up. When the bulls lose, he shoots 14.3% from 3 point range and 38% overall. There's gotta be a correlation there.
DRoseIsSexy::All I care about is Rip showing up in the playoffs. That's what he's here for.
Bluhntman::I was just shocked when I saw 14.3% in losses.
Bluhntman::I don't mind Rose taking 3's by any means. But I think if he misses two or three in a row though he should stop for the rest of the game and concentrate on the mid range/driving and passing more.
DROSE5494::Thank you
DRoseIsSexy::Give rip a few more games before throwing stones at him. And there is nothing wrong with Rose shooting.
chadhenne07::rip will be fine.....just has to knock down those shots he's taking....he has been out for a while but he will be fine...just happy to see him back
DROSE5494::First people are saying he needs to get a better shot from beyond the arc, then people are saying he needs to drive more. Gosh let the guy play.
RyanCarranza::Deng does need to get fouled more and take it to the basket.  Rose could layoff the three's, but he can't be driving so much either... It's just gonna kill his body in the long run.  He has to develop a mid range jumper game, which he is developing.
mofoyoyoyo::Need Rip to get on track, if he has anything left that is....
chadhenne07::not me i want him to stay aggressive......korver as been off lately to
chadhenne07::deng still has problem with his wrist so maybe that might be why...
rynodesign::I agree I like Rose shooting the three when he needs to. 4 attempts is ok. We need him to be a better shooter so keep gunning. Get that confidence up on that jumper.  Deng is better going to the hoop though. When the J is on keep going but I agree with going to the cup more.
DROSE5494::How come there aren't any Spurs fans on here?
CutlerforMVP1::Yeah, Spurs are real scary, thoughts of last years playoffs keep my shaking in my seat...
mccoy3181::yep one year.  keep in mind they had injuries toward the end of the season.
mofoyoyoyo::You mean it wasn't Bulls vs Heat last night?
stthorpe::There can never be any discussion about a bulls game cuz it always comes back to the heat thanks to the trollys
rynodesign::Just don't respond to their posts. Eventually they'll get bored and go away.
DROSE5494::Hey about time someone that isn't always talk about the Heat and Lebron every other second.
stthorpe::Heat trolls scare em away
rynodesign::Becareful McCoy gets real upset about anyone talking about the Spurs.
IlliniDave68::That's right and you need to worry about OKC, first.  Savvy?
andre3000nyt::White flag trade?  I agree.
rynodesign::I am not too worried either since the Bulls are in the east and we have our won mountain to climb. Good luck to the Spurs and the rest of their season. Funny thing is McCoy is that I told earlier that I was a fan your organization, players and coach. I don't know why you get so defensive.
mccoy3181::no sorry you are wrong again.  Pop is the best out there and knows what he is doing.  they will correct it and they will be fine.
RyanCarranza::No, it doesn't scare me at all... Not one bit.  I love Pop, I think he is the best in the business, but -5 differential on rebounds and taking so many 3's will kill ya.
mccoy3181::Thats fine with me.  I like that the spurs arent getting national attention and are flying under the radar.  Those old guys will surprise you and deep down that scares you because you know its likely that they can make it to the finals again.
rynodesign::I agree Carranza. I watch as much as I can. Mostly read and check box scores. Plus the Spurs aren't really getting all of the national games like the used to WHEN THEY WERE YOUNGER!
RyanCarranza::I know the Spurs are good and your bench is good, but lets face it... The rebounding is brutal this year for you guys and so is the reliance of 3 point shooting.
mccoy3181::it just proves you dont watch basketball.  Spurs have the best young bench in the league.  I guess you would know that if you watched more than just your team and the highlights on ESPN
rynodesign::Told you guys he'd get upset.
mccoy3181::if you watched basketball you would know that the spurs have one of the best young benches in the league.  but no you are closeminded and only watch your own team and ESPN highlights of others.
RyanCarranza::Who?
DROSE5494::Who?
mccoy3181::Blair and Splitter are some others
mccoy3181::Leonard, Green, and Neal are just some
mccoy3181::they have it. I guess you dont watch basketball and only believe what ESPN tells you
RyanCarranza::The Spurs can't win a championship this year... They need new blood.
mccoy3181::no you are wrong once again.  the spurs arent as old as they used to be.  The oldest is now  the Mavs
DROSE5494::They can't win the championship with their current roster. half those guys are going to an old folks home soon.
mccoy3181::one game.  the real season starts after these first 66 games
RyanCarranza::They are gonna have to...
DROSE5494::Doubt it.
mccoy3181::Spurs will make a huge trade before the deadline
RyanCarranza::Hey!  Bulls beat the Spurs.
mccoy3181::BULLS AND HEAT=Most overhyped teams ever
mccoy3181::SPURS 2011-2012 NBA CHAMPS
mccoy3181::right here.
RyanCarranza::Small market...
Heatfranchiseisajoke::If lebron had jordan's killer instinct. He would be the best player ever.
chadhenne07::lebron wont win a ring because he doesnt have jordan's killer instinct...in order to win a ring u have to be able to play in the clutch.....which he is afraid of.....he doesnt have it....
mofoyoyoyo::or Scalabrine's mojo.
chadhenne07::bulls dont have to shoot the ball well......no matter our shooting %.......because we are the best rebounding team..also 1st in assist also 2 in points allowed also top 10 in scoring.......
Heatfranchiseisajoke::Umm last years ecf.
Heatfranchiseisajoke::The shooting is a huge issue.  Defense and rebounding will not always win games.
RunTheBall22::you have to shoot the ball well to win in the playoffs. especially against the heat.
chadhenne07::yes it will
chadhenne07::heat are 16th in assist/ 16th in points allowed ....wwooooowww
SedinSistersHaveFakeBeards::Love those ESPN standings. Even with the Heat being in first, they are still a half game behind the Bulls. LOL! Talk about losers.   EASTERN W L PCT GB HOME ROAD DIV CONF PF PA DIFF STRK L10  1 Miami  27 7 .794  ½ 15-2 12-5 6-2 21-4 103.7 94.4 +9.4 Won 8 9-1  2 Chicago  29 8 .784 - 14-2 15-6 6-1 19-6 97.4 88.1 +9.2 Won 4 8-2  3 Indiana  22 12 .647 5 ½ 11-4 11-8 3-2 15-9 95.7 92.1 +3.6 Won 5 5-5  4 Philadelphia  21 15 .583 7 ½ 13-7 8-8 1-2 16-5 93.9 87.1 +6.8 Lost 1 3-7  5 Orlando  23 13 .639 5 ½ 12-6 11-7 6-3 17-9 93.3 90.9 +2.4 Won 1 7-3  6 Atlanta  20 15 .571 8 10-6 10-9 6-2 16-8 93.0 91.5 +1.6 Lost 1 4-6  7 Boston  17 17 .500 10 ½ 12-8 5-9 4-2 16-10 89.7 88.6 +1.1 Won 2 3-7  8 New York  18 18 .500 10 ½ 11-9 7-9 4-3 12-10 95.9 94.3 +1.6 Won 1 7-3
mofoyoyoyo::It looks better like that on the Heat Index.
Heatfranchiseisajoke::Whats dengs shooting percentage since he's been back from injury. It has to be under 35%
Sportsfanatic3379::Not concerned about Deng... It's Boozer who concerns me.
DRoseIsSexy::His shooting might be off but I loved that three last night :p
chadhenne07::ryan just let heat be heat......
RyanCarranza::What?
RyanCarranza::He has been struggling a bit... Made some big time shots last night though
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Let me get this straight, Lebron (who is not the most adept in handling media situations and has been for a while) led to this nationwide hatred of the Heat for one statement.   Here is my question: If the Heat win this year ( I know most Bulls fans are rooting for the Thunder, and not their team. I mean, let's be serious), will you say "Well Lebron won't win one next year" because of what he said that day?
IlliniDave68::I'm pulling for the Bulls all the way, son. You should know that by now.
Evolver30::Lets be serious, the Bulls have a very good chance to take it all. To say they dont is tomfoolery.   I think everyone dislikes him due to the fact he thinks he is the greatest thing ever to step on the court when he hasnt really accomplished anything to this point. Dont get me wrong, scoring titles, mvps and overall stats are amazing but he still has no championship to go along with it. To think point he is in the same league as Charles Barkley, great player, no rings. At the end of the day thats all that matters.
Evolver30::See comment above. Rings are all that matter. Think anyone of those guys would trade their best stat years for a couple rings.
RyanCarranza::Not the "Greatest"
Sportsfanatic3379::I agree with you on that point. There are a number of great players that would have had a ring if it were not for Jordan. They are still great players even if they don't have a ring.
IlyaKol::So Malone isn't great? Ewing isn't one of the greatest centers of all time? Stocking isn't one of the greatest PG's of all time?  None of them have rings.  Lebron is great. Period.
RyanCarranza::Rings are all that matter at the end of the day
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Guys, did I say "all fans?"
IlyaKol::No sir, you did not.  There ARE some classy Bulls fans. Just like there are some class Miami fans.  All teams have $@%!$@/bandwagon fans. Bulls, Heat, Lakers, Knicks, etc.
RyanCarranza::No, but your comment is still stupid.
Sportsfanatic3379::I don't hate the Heat. If they win the title, then I will be the first to congratulate the Heat and their fans.
RyanCarranza::I am not rooting for anyone but the Chicago Bulls.  I do not hate Lebron James.  You are false.
ADubbs04::why is this board about the heat v bulls, not about the game last night which was very entertaining
ADubbs04::i like the rivalry and if the bulls front office can keep up it should be good for the forseeable future, but sometimes you just gotta let it go
Heatfranchiseisajoke::heat vs bulls are the new pistons/bulls. we hate eachother with a passion.
IlyaKol::Cause there is no Heat thread (they haven't played yet).  Also, I only joined in after I saw a comment about Wade/Lebron and Melo by a Bulls fan.
mofoyoyoyo::You guys are actually posting in a Bulls vs Spurs thread....so yeah.
IlyaKol::Heat stay on Bulls minds. Worried?
chadhenne07::i like how the bulls stay on your mind....worried??
RyanCarranza::Because Heat fans tend to infest Bulls boards.
Heatfranchiseisajoke::miami marlins opening day attendence 3,400
CRHS2::Hello, my name is Jason Stallworth. I am a third year vet in the NBA D-League. I graduated from Southeastern Missouri Valley State Community College as the oldest player in NCAACC history at the age of 23. I am a Shooting Guard and at the "amazing" height of 5'11" I have diificulty getting my shot off without being blocked. However, I have never let this deter me. There are multiple times when I drive for a lay-up and those big, tall, muscular and dare I say it sexy big men block my shot everytime and t-bag me while im on the ground. That is actually ok though becasue the ballsweat keeps me hydrated. I still have dreams of making it to the big-time though because I have the heart of a champion. I led my SMVSCC Flyswatters to a school record 2-29 record and a 4-107 record in my 6 years of Community College ball. The Knicks were looking at me a couple of years ago but apparenty my ball handling skills are less than desired; I have turned the ball over 427 times in my short D-League career. Speaking of stats, I currently average 1.7 PPG, 0.7 RPG, 0.3 APG with my 19.2 Turnovers per game. Please support me in my ultimate quest on making it to the big time.
JoeIsGay64::stupid
mofoyoyoyo::Cool story bro.
Heatfranchiseisajoke::carlos boozer didnt show up vs an elite team.  WHAT A SHOCKER
JoeIsGay64::This kid "CRHS2" is about to post the stupidest longest most $@%!$@%! thing you will ever read. I suggest you all leave.
Heatfranchiseisajoke::Bulls shooting needs to improve before playoffs to have any chance vs heat. Bulls might even struggle with the pacers or 76ers
mofoyoyoyo::Monta Ellis should go to the Bulls instead of Magic.
RyanCarranza::Meh... Monta Ellis is good, but who would the Bulls lose?
DRoseIsSexy::I agree it does need to improve.
JoeIsGay64::FUCKYOMOTHA
DROSE5494::Have at it!
Heatfranchiseisajoke::top 5 heat franchise accomplishments   1. 06 title 2. 3. 4. 5.
mrhandy25::Check the HOF'S, and titles are ALL that matter!
IlyaKol::Miami is too new of a team to have any HOF. Alonzo Mourning may end up in the HOF...and Tim Hardaway as well (although it might be under Golden State). Wade will definitely be in the hall of fame.  Chicago has been around since the 60's. That's a huge difference in years.
mrhandy25::I beg to differ
IlyaKol::Okay...what are the top 5 accomplishments?
mrhandy25::Do I even need to start a list of Bulls accomplishments???
IlyaKol::1) 6 titles 2) 6 conference titles 3) 8 Division titles 4) Drafted the best player ever 5) What else?  Just more titles...which is good. But you had the best player ever. So that's a given.  Bulls are a historic franchise, sure.
IlyaKol::1) 06 Title 2) 2 Conference Titles 3) 8 Division Titles (4 straight once, 3 straight another time) 4) Having some of the best defensive teams to ever grace a basketball court (during the Riley years) 5) Drafting one of the greatest SG's of the last 20 years. (Wade)
mrhandy25::"Pat the Rat" and the word "classy" should never be used in the same sentence, he put it up there because he was happy that MJ would no longer be around to kick the h.e.l.l. out of him and whatever team he coached!
mrhandy25::Don't forget their second biggest accomplishment: Retiring MJ's jersey, question Bulls fans, how many former opponents jerseys are hanging from the rafters of the UC?
IlyaKol::Every team should retire #23. That number should never be worn again.
soldier00013::so you are attacking a classy move by pat reily. very nice bull's fan
soldier00013::so let me get this straight heaster is an idiot but you are not?
ritardano 38::Joakim Noah looks like a pile of shiiit
CRHS2::Joakim Noah is my SON
ritardano 38::Listen here u racist little pile of incredible cow dung. How do you know I  Iook like a $@%!$@% japaneses alien
Sportsfanatic3379::Can someone please translate for me. I don't understand gibberish.
stthorpe::Ill take a pile of crap that puts up 15 and 15 everynight of the week
IlyaKol::More like 9.7 and 10.x.
Sportsfanatic3379::Looks don't win basketball games.
Sportsfanatic3379::So you two are twins?
miguel151551::lmao!!!! good 1
JoeIsGay64::Ethan Baxter, look him up, weakest pussyin the world.
CRHS2::Yeah he is so gay
PartinRedSeas::pussyin pussyin pussyin puss.y puss.y pussyin...everyday im pussyin everyday im pussyin
LakersOwnNBA::Deng, Boozer and Bulls 1st rounder from Bobcats for Pau Gasol
robrenaldi::Thank god you are not the Bulls GM
RunTheBall22::Duhhhh  derrrr duhhhh
ArcusProtus::Just once I'd like to hear a Heat fan say they also think it was obnoxious for LeBron to do his "not 1, not 2 ... not 7" speech, and admit that fans of other teams are justified in wanting to see them go down because of it.
2481chitown::Actually no it wasnt dumb for Mike to say it! Honestly if mike didnt retire they would have won 8 straight!  A full seasoned Mike Jordan Bulls squad ran off 6 straight Championships! YES he has WAYYYYYYY more rights to say it over LBJ.
IlyaKol::It was obnoxious. The whole thing was bad PR and badly executed. I absolutely agree.  But it doesn't change the fact that Lebron is a great player and the Heat are playing great basketball. Who cares what happened that summer?
IlyaKol::I agree with you. lol. But in the game of 'debating'...it's called a rebutal. Just sayin.
stthorpe::Dumb bulls fans make those comments about the past, just cuz they do doesn't give you the right to as well, lets grow up here a bit
IlyaKol::Lots of Bulls/other fans do...believe it or not.  I agree the way he did it was poor...but it's 2 years ago almost. Who gives a crap.
mofoyoyoyo::I don't think anyone is arguing the fact that he is a great player. SOME people just don't like the way he went about leaving and how SOME Heat fans take it to a whole other level.
IlyaKol::Just as it's dumb for Bulls fans to reference titles from the 90's. Everyone is on the same boat here.
alud21::i completely agree, its just dumb for heat fans to reference a title because they haven't wont it yet
soldier00013::but it was ok for jordan to say they would win 10?
soldier00013::after the 6th one
Sportsfanatic3379::When did Jordan say that?
stthorpe::First off, we all knew it was a physical impossibility, but heat fans legitimately feel they will win that many!  How about just 1???  You ever gonna get there???  If lebron won't take the final shot in the allstar game, he sure won't in the playoffs and I can promise you, heat will be lucky to get 1
alud21::they will be lucky not to get 6
mofoyoyoyo::Nope, they are going to get 7.
alud21::thats too much for heat fans to do, we know that.
ritardano 38::I am an ex NHL hockey legend from the heartland of canada where we talk kind of funny. My highlights include me making the game winning shot on the Edmonton facking oilers. Though after a while i became tired of hooooooooooockey and started balling in the ghettos of Calgary. I got tons of Jordans for bawling and i have a headband like Lebron James.
stthorpe::I will say this again and again, HEAT FANS: STOP LIVING IN THE PAST!  You all ended up right where we did at the end of the year, on the couch with no title.  You act as if you won the damn championship! Let's focus on discussing the season this year, you beat us last year, get over it!  Why is it that everyone always has to live in the past.  You can run around talking about beating the bulls last year all you want but it means nothing!  If you won a title, you could run your mouth all over the place...so here is a tip...shut your mouth, and we'll see you in the playoffs
stthorpe::Who is saying that???  The dumb fans???  I never said that once.  And so dumb chicago fans make moronic comments, it gives you a right to drop to the level.  You sound like a little girl "well if they are doing it so can i"  lets stay intelligent here, these are 2 great teams and it will be quite the ECF
IlyaKol::I agree with you. See above. It's called a 'rebutal'. 98% of the all posts all like that...I respond for the hell of it.
IlyaKol::But...it's okay for the Bulls fans to live in the 'past' when they were talking about the regular season vs playoffs last year?  "We beat Miami easily in the regular season - we are going to the finals!"  Lose series promptly 4-1.  Let's not be hypocrites. Bulls fans are just like Heat fans.  Or how about all the Bulls fans talking about fans, bangwagons, attendance records, titles, etc. Isnt' that 'living in the past'?  Again...lets not be hypocrites. Both sides.
ritardano 38::Damn bro u wanna box?
superman253540::Anybody seen gogo dingleberry and his SOS arguments?
alud21::no where to be seen, typical.
Linfanticide::the only people who come on to the bulls boards are heat fans. everyone else knows it's basically down to those two teams.
JoeIsGay64::As a future NBA Superstar, I make sure to work my butt off every morning. afternoon, and night. Ball-handling drills, shooting drills, defensive drills, buying the best shoes for playing ball. All this happens on my little tikes goal.
