mountain1955::It's all coaches' fault to make Rockets in a mess. Keep rotating players so often which damaged players confidense. Coaches didn't know how to make the best of each player, instead mixing their roles and caused too much confusions. PG not playing PG, 3pointer playing everything. This method is totally not working. Let everybody do their special duties and see whether it works. Or fire McHale and we want Finch as coach.
bbears88::Royce White was on PTI today.
I Have The Pawaaaa::Rockets as a team are overachieving?  Maybe, since the contributing factor or factors are not clear.  On the other hand, the Rockets players themselves are underachieving.  Their energy level is low, concentration is low, decision-making poor, shot-making poor, and errors are high.  To turnaround poor individual performance, it's probably best for each player's career to play a little more selfishly so that they can improve their personal stats.  As much criticism as Harden may get, at least he's smart enough to know that no one's going to take care of Harden's career except for James Harden himself.
zmpq711::Lin's time in NY tells me he's a good closer, and now he's sitting on the bench in Q4.  Regardless what the coach is thinking, if the team has made the investment, just put him on court and see what he can do.
UncleSamiAm23::there is a reason why harden isn't a pg
LOF HATERS ARE RACIST AND LIVED IN MOMMAS BASEMENT::NOBODY IS TALKING ABOUT HAREN'S 40%FG AND 7 TURNOVERS BECAUSE HE'S JACKING UP 30 SHOTS FOR 25PTS TO SAVE THE ROX FROM GOING TO THE PLAYOFFS;)
I Have The Pawaaaa::Imho there's one problem with your argument.  Harden has an equal chance to touch the ball as anyone else, yet he is far better at increasing the score in the Rockets' column.  So Harden is the most valuable player for the Rockets in this regard.  But if the other players were not given a chance to touch the ball and take a shot, then they are not given a chance to contribute to the team's cause.  However this situation is not true currently.
bobby.earl::They are a young team and they have been overachieving all year.  Emphasis on overachieving.  I thought they would be worse so I'm actually pleased.  With that said, Jeremy Lin isn't that great of a player and James Harden is better when there are other legitimate threats on the court.  Now people are seeing why I thought the Thunder got the better of the deal...
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Yes, everyone seems to not realize that they have been overachieving all year, but McHale is still a terrible coach. This is true.
01.02.2013::"It's Lin's fault" -McHale   "It's McHale's fault" -Everybody
BreakfastOfChampions1984::I started betting a system called SportsBettingStar.  Ive made around 3K per month for 3 straight months now by using the system.  You can find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
CARDANGEROUS18::remember when the rockets had a chance at winning this game.......    me niether. GO NUGGS!
woodylamb::In my humble opinion, Mchale is a high school coach caliber. May be some college.
DuaneXC::How is Houston still in 8th?  I cannot remember the last time they beat someone.
charlie hustle bets the over::their previous game
springfresh3.1::Make McGee your starter, GK..the hells a matter with you.    Harden is one big turnover machine since joining Rockets
jayeteee::Koufos has been more dependable than McGee. Javale brings some energy off the bench but has been nowhere near as productive as Koufos. I'm fine w/ the amount of time McGee gets, at times he becomes a liability.
cscobra::Lin is not a starting caliber PG in the NBA, there is a reason why people are not clamoring for him except Rocket fans.  The guy is like a 7th or 8th man in a rotation.
alin004::Rockets LOSE 8 of 9 when Harden/Parsons play a poor man's PG, they camp Lin out on the 3-pt corner, and Lin is marginalized as the play-maker.  Rockets WIN 10 of 12 when Jeremy Lin actually controls the ball as PG, usage rate over 20%, shoots over 12 times a game. Kelvin Sampson is prejudiced, he's like Keith Smart 2.0. McHale is clueless about PG's too, no wonder Lowry and Dragic hated playing for him.
Dawan208::Sports illustrated just announced James Harden as one of the best one on one players in the league and they say he now plays better than Kobe.
cityhunter4::It's obvious D'Antoni has orgasm over Jeremy Lin.  Time to trade Asik + Lin + first round pick to the Lakers for Howard
cscobra::Lin is a below average PG, no one  in the league is interesting in trading for him
cityhunter4::Correction, Asik + Lin + 2 first round picks to Lakers for Howard and Nash
neohgoland::i don't think i can support rockets anymore with how the rocket coaches bench lin...............sad
Frankcee78::Hopefully the NUGS can get some quality play from this team this year. They can be good once they start the second half of their schedule .Go Nuggets !!!
Jceagle17::Fire the coahing staff at the Houston Rockets...
Dawan208::Kind of wish Lin would get injured so people couldn't use him for the excuse for the rockets loosing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Maybe it was cuz Harden had 7 turnovers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DuaneXC::The excuse is he's being marginalized.  Our best games have come when he's allowed to do what he does.
BXwarriorBX::Lin would be good if the rockets could get Tyson,shump,melo,jr,novak,,kidd,felton,amare,
DeviantU::Well, when Houston was running through everyone just a couple of weeks ago there was lots of happy talk. Now that the league has caught up with their high-octane offense, we see that its an average to below-average team with very little chemistry.  And to those who dislike Harden, this team would be among the league's worst without him. With him, at least they have a shot pretty much every night.
Swish3And1::Now they have a shot at missing the playoffs, cuz of high TO and No Defense.
Dawan208::This team is among the leagues worst and if the playoffs were today,  the rockets are out.  Now that Harden can not use that "eurostep" move,  he's a non factor.   Now he's just a turnover machine!
NewcastleFanVL::I think other players resent playing with the euro step hero.
DeviantU::The "euro step hero" is the only factor that gives other teams any reason to respect the Rockets.
NewcastleFanVL::So you  advocate hero ball, huh ?
Swish3And1::The whole team looks down right now. No motivation, no heart, no SET PLAYS... Rockets have crash landed.
wrongcolor::McHale is like a school yard  bully, he gets his one day.
Swish3And1::One day at a time towards the EXIT door.
KCRCK::Funny how Lin starts playing bad after he sprains his ankle.   Rockets need to bench him until that ankle is 100%
Dawan208::Lin was benched the whole 4th quarter and the rockets still lost.  I'm so tired of these haters blaming Lin for the lost.  If he was injured haters couldn't use him as a excuse!
huskers0717::nuggets are so cool
Archbob1::McHale needs to let Lin be the PG. Harden is not LeBron and is not a PG.
Jason Stone Lee::We all saw these last two games, Lin benched long time, almost it is all Harden solo. Won Bobcat, 5/20, only free throw saved Rox, but really ugly and luck win against bottom team. And yesterday night, terrible, can Harden get ton of freethrow agaist good team all time?
cityhunter4::McHale can't do this "play the hot hand" lineup approach.  He needs to give each player set roles.  Harden, with his 7+ turnovers per game now, clearly is showing that he can't be the primary ball handler.  You need to keep the ball in Lin's hands, period.  Harden needs to learn how to work off the ball and get into good positions to score baskets, not trying to create like a PG, he isn't one.  Even Jordan had no problem letting marginal players like John Paxson and BJ Armstrong bring up the ball, because he knows he can get screens off the ball, receive the pass, and have a good open look at the basket.  What's so hard about this to try it out?  This "let Harden bring the ball up" approach have damaged Harden as a scorer, and now turned him into a turnover machine.  McHale is doing the most horrific head-coaching job I've seem in years....
Jason Stone Lee::Mcfail said Harden can do everything, so Harden want to do everything to be allstar. Harden have not been proved as a team leader because he is ballhog. But he is not Kobe and Melo, comparing BB talent and sport ability, he will never be even close to Kobe and Melo. Rox throw all future to a wrong player. Hopeless Rockets!
NewcastleFanVL::At least Kobe gets a pass from me, he plays great defense.
cityhunter4::Harden has 7 turnovers or more seemingly every game now.  How come nobody talks about his "turnover problems"?
mpdalry1::Rockets are a 500 team.....  and as I said before here...will be lucky to be in the 8th seed at the end of the season.  Still about two players away from being a real playoff threat.
Dawan208::Other teams took Harden's bread and butter away (eurostepping).   Now he looks like a average player!  They must of watch the tapes on him.   Now he has to rely on jump shooting which he's average at.  For the first time he looks human!!!!
Jason Stone Lee::When he played around KD and W, he got chance. He never be proved as a leader. But Lin have been proved as the leader in NY without any star player. Any SG in NBA can get such green light from coach as Harden has, they could not play worse than Harden.
mpdalry1::Can't play at that level every game....also you are right, teams will start to stop what he does...and teams that play good team defense can stop it before it starts.
C4Charles::gotta evolve your game, can only iso for so long.
JustineS04::I think Westbrook is about to lose his marbles and become the Brandon Marshall of the NBA. The Dr. Seuss polos and shotblocking our mascot are just the beginning.
RickeyHenderson2008::maybe the warriors knew what they were doing when they made Lin available- like Alex Smith he's the false sport prophet of the year
mspearlmay::No one can accuse Lin of having grace or good hair.   He was terrible with the Warriors.  When he entered the game, it was downhill just as with the Rockets.   Lin is not a winner.
Jason Stone Lee::Are you live in 2011? or Just wake up from brain cut?
JSCPDX::Better defense leads to better transitions and easy baskets. Working too hard to get buckets.
MannyTexans24::I've been a Rockets fan since the T-mac and yao days.. And i dont get why all of the hate is towards Harden.. He can be a ball hog sometimes but look at the rest of the team! Is Lin doing any better? The team as a whole is doing horribly bad and i dont know if its the defense, ball movement, the coach, or just more scoring depth but this team needs to hurry up and fix it because i see them missing the playoffs if it keeps going like this. Oh and all you Lin fans can you please get off his nuts? Stop blaming Harden when its the whole team
QNoir::7 turnovers. This loss belongs to Harden.
Dawan208::Harden runs this team not Lin .  Everyone blames Lin for the loss!
JLinNASA::Yes, Harden runs team but Lin gets blame.  WTH?  Start the blame from the top, the 2 coaches.
Swish3And1::It is the whole team, YES.  But the coach, as a leader, is not doing anything different to turn things around.  He thinks losing will just go away, and get resolved by itself...
onichi69::let lin run the pg , then we win, end of story
JSCPDX::watched this whole game. not sure i agree. team really sucks right now. coaching is horrible and there's very little team chemistry.
bbears88::Warriors going to beat OKC
peakarach16::They just did. Westbrook 3/18 6TO and 10 PTS.
denverboi1993::Looks so...
Alex47666::dont care who wins okc can suck it $@%! u westbrick   GS will pass them eventually
bearsbball12::Little bit of a bummer. But OKC lost so I can't be too upset.
nbafanatic69::Gotta admit, Rox are a young team, they'll improve some day.  They should watch the veterans on the Knicks and learn how real teams make their way to the playoffs.
JLinNASA::Haha with the NY vets playoff comment.  One playoff round victory first then we'll talk.
denverboi1993::God you could at least try to troll a little better...
LOF HATERS ARE RACIST AND LIVED IN MOMMAS BASEMENT::OMG WESTBRICK IS 3-15FG AND 6 TURNOVERS LOL ;)
denverboi1993::lucky for him he's got Durant on his team.
denverboi1993::Great game going on right now...
luckywin7::i am done with harden/mchale and clearly see a pattern losing each game
nbafanatic69::Felton's coming back soon, people!  Now we'll see how a real PG plays the game.  Rockets are going nowhere real fast.  Knicks are coming back, you'll see.
LOF HATERS ARE RACIST AND LIVED IN MOMMAS BASEMENT::LET'S HOPE HE DOESN'T BLOW OUT HIS LITTLE TOE BECAUSE OF THE EXCESS WEIGHT WHILE AWAY;)
JSCPDX::or eat his toe.
luckywin7::how the hell harden be top performers on the board, he suck at status, wow nice ball hog and 7 TO so keep up losing houston cuz it all on harden.  again again again harden/ mchale fck up
denverboi1993::Uh oh... Thunder might choke this one away...
Alex47666::dont worry the refs will step in before that happens
Alex47666::down by 1
denverboi1993::Thunder just lost the lead...
climb171::It is very challenging to follow the Nuggets board (my favorite team), while at the same time troll the Laker board.
Alex47666::well i have a question who likes the lakers   i mean kobe doesnt even like the lakers
climb171::The Lakers are the antithesis of the Nuggets.  LA just refuses to play team basketball.
Alex47666::y just post the truth on the lakers board have fun on this board
climb171::I do not like the Lakers and Kobe at all.  But I am beginning to feel bad for them.  It is an absolute dumpster fire.
Choua6348::Jeremy lin  playing  HADOUKEN!!!!!!!!!!      James harden  BLOCK!!!!!!!!!!!  (Not defensively speaking)
