soloartist11::I was at this game last night. It was awful seeing the Nuggets shoot. They could not hit a jump shot to save their lives. I cannot believe how bad Arron Afflalo looks, but I do believe he will step it up soon. GO NUGGETS!
jayeteee::It was a struggle, but even without Nene the Nuggets pulled it off. Good job. Go Nuggets!!!
NBASantas::Man, Afflalo is a go-to dude. Remember when he was on the Pistons? http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2012/01/santas-growing-up.html
Vikeslegit::Rubio&gt;Jennings
jacomine12::.
Eric6203::Why is it everytime a player signs a big new contract they struggle that same year.  I know it early in the year but what is up with AA not being able to hit an outside jumper and how bad is Nene's foot injury.
NBASantas::Dudes, AA will turn it around. He's shown over his career to improve over the course of a season: http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2012/01/santas-growing-up.html
DenverDiehard35::ya.... AAA has sucked bad so far this year, he has been a major let down. And im hoping GK had confidence we would win this game without Nene so he figured he would sit him.... im hoping
Denverboi93::Yea I loved Afflalo last year... so consistent. This year he's been crap though. Hasn't impressed me at all... Harrington is getting better than Afflalo at this point. As for Nene, he's listed as day-to-day so it can't be that serious. But he's been great when he's played.
Constantinius III::So, who still thinks that Brandon Jennings is "the truth" or "the savior" of the Bucks franchise?  Jennings is terrible, and a bottom 10 starting PG in the league.
RomoLUVESfavre::he'll never live up to the 55 point game and shouldn't have to, but yah he's been a big disappointment since the first month of his rookie season. he's fast but not quick and has a very difficult time finishing or drawing a foul at the rim. he has no ability to defend elite PGs. he has trouble creating space and getting off a good shot in late game situations. all that being said, he's very young and didn't have the luxery of college ball. he's certainly can get a lot better.
Anonymouse99::Nice to see Nuggets win a chaotic game. They're tired, understandably, on a 3-back set of games. Bucks were awful - they were just motivated to lose.
SF-Sportster::Man. I didn't watch this game so I don't know how good he looked but from the stat line Kufos looked pretty solid. 8 points on 3-4 shooting and only 2 fouls. If Mozgov can't stop his foul troubles and isn't effective on the offensive end Kufos may not be too bad of a replacement.
colintrapp::his stats speak more loudly than his game. terrible passing, missed rebounds. good news is that those things should start to come easier for him.  at no point should we have been outrebounded when we had 14 feet of center in the game (kufos/mozzy)
ryan13636::I bet the Nugs starting center when the playoffs roll around isn't on the roster yet.
Coltonbball12::Mozgov needs to step it up because his performance the past games has been consistently lower then what it should be for a starter.  The depth on the Nuggets is just great motivation for him to do that or the message is "we will put somebody in that can get that role filled".
Coltonbball12::Mozgov needs to do a lot more.  He is a starter but misses easy shots and needs to be more of a post presence.  When Mozgov doesn't get "the job done" and  doesn't stop the big man on the other team, then the Nuggets are really hurt in the low game.  He needs to improve in his role because he is starter but quite frankly not playing at a level that he should for his role.  Thank goodness Denver has enough depth to make up for it though, but if he improves then it will really add to the Nuggets rather then him being more of a disadvantage.
masterosports42::<b>This new discovery is going to ruin my already non-existent social life.....</b>
DeezBalls19::I quit with the tiny letters
CheeseyPal::ok, <b><u><i>test </i></u></b> <b><u><i><sup>tiny?</sup> </i></u></b>
CheeseyPal::how you doing italicized and tiny letters?  <i>test</i>
CheeseyPal::yeah, I figured out <i>italics and <b>bold, how do you change the font size?</b></i>
masterosports42::<i><sub><u>like this?</u></sub></i>
Denverboi93::Remarkable isn't it? lol
masterosports42::That was italicized and underlined. <sub>woohoo tiny letters!</sub>
Denverboi93::Now do italicized.
masterosports42::<i><u>Yes. Yes it is</u></i>
Denverboi93::Any other Nugget fan tired of Gallo flopping all the time?
Eric6203::I agree the NBA should find a way to fine floppers and Ginaballi is the greatest flopper in NBA history.  Until the NBA does something about I have no problem with Gallo flopping all over the court.
cmrn631::Flopping is as much a part of the game now as ones basketball skills. If everyone else is doing it then why not
CheeseyPal::After watching Ginoballs get away with it so many times, no, I thought we should have got our own flopper long ago
Denverboi93::I was going to rip on the Nuggets for having a very ugly performance and not being able to make a jump shot to save their life... but then I forgot this is the last of a back-to-back-to-back series. So they deserve some leeway. Good job on finding a way to win Nuggets.
jayeteee::Way to pull it together in the 4th, Nugz. Just keep playing team ball and the rest will take care of itself.
DenverDiehard35::but an away game in dallas, an away game in portland, an away game in LA, a home game against the lakers, we could easily be 2-4 as well.
jayeteee::Only Portland is living up to its billing of the 3 teams you mentioned. Denver has earned its 4-2 record. I think they get better than how they're playing right now.
masterosports42::Then just think about where we'd be if we had amnestied Harrington.....
DenverDiehard35::it was ugly as hell, but we got the W so i wont complain at all. 4-2 is very good for what we could be right now
jayeteee::Well, the first two games were blow-outs, so we could be closer to 6-0 than anything(4-2) less than what we are right now.
DeezBalls19::is it time to talk Shit on the Sac board yet
DenverDiehard35::there are no sac fans there tho. oh wait, there are no sac fans anywhere!
DeezBalls19::haha nice
DenverDiehard35::Pardon my french but how in the fu** does Faried not get in for even one minute in this game? he must either look terrible in practice or Karl has something against him. We looked DEAD, no reason he shouldnt have gotten any PT in this one. BS
Eric6203::Faried will only get time if the Nuggets blowing someone out.  Everybody know how Karl feels about rookies.
Oilerman52::Have to find something to complain about, huh?  They were trailing almost the entire game...the D clutched up in the fourth.  3 games in 3 nights, no Nene...please...just be happy they came to play in the fourth and stop complaining they didn't get the bench in.  Save that for when they play the Wizards.
DenverDiehard35::Lol wasn't a sentence so you're wrong lol. I can't believe you're getting me into this.
Denverboi93::* " 'Lol,' wasn't a sentence... "  Since you're quoting yourself from an earlier line you must put quotations in there...  Got to remember those quotations... Haha.
DenverDiehard35::*this.   lol
masterosports42::*lol.  .....
fungusbrain::No worries, sacramento is coming my granpa will get some minutes.
masterosports42::*fuck  You're poor French is excused
masterosports42::I'm amazed I haven't been banned yet.....might be time to switch to my other profile if I'm gonna keep doing this  *I've
DenverDiehard35::ive been banned twice for language so i have to stop  *your
Heiroglyphic::It's Karl's philosophy-he just doesn't like playing rookies.
dennorayj::He's just net ready...
fungusbrain::Gallinari is a monster, no doubt he'll be on line for a MVP
austuc33::maybe all star one day but not mvp
masterosports42::<i> bada bing!</i>
Heiroglyphic::A brotha needs to take and make open 3s for that though.
oguhmas::lol
sespi001::(Nuggets&gt;Knicks)=Irony
Heiroglyphic::Nuggets are 4-2 with 2 close road losses to Portland and the Lakers. Plus, going 2-1 on a back to back to back which features the Lakers twice and then a solid Bucks team is quite impressive. The Nuggets are probably the scariest 2 loss team in the league right now, because if they had been able to hit a shot late in either of those two losses, they could just as easily be 6-0 right now. Good effort by the bench tonight, and Gallo needs to be the aggressor as he showed he can be tonight. Loved the dunk in the opening minutes. Nugs need the day off to regroup, and then we need to stifle Sacramento on Wednesday at home.
packerbob74::SAME 3QTR BUCKS!!!
HTOWNRAIDERS1023::the bucks outscored them in the 3rd
masterosports42::Does this work?
Slurm Soda::Yes.
masterosports42::Guess not
DeezBalls19::Denver shot like Shit, im excited to see if they actually figure it out and quit taking those 3pts that they brick
Rick P. Johnson::relax. 3rd game in a row and 5th in 6 nights. They have guys that can shoot the 3 ball very well. They were tired and they still got the win. impressive
Rick P. Johnson::Lawson and Afflalo shoot over 40% for their careers and Al, Galo, and Rudy all shoot the 3 well too. Jesus...like I said, they played 5 games in 6 nights. Its also a tiny sample size....things even out and they are still winning.
oguhmas::They've just been terrible about 4 games in a row now
DeezBalls19::I hope they work on it
oguhmas::ya, but the 3 was a big part of their game last year. Still hoping they just start making them
cubuffs1987::But we won! Imagine if they got better over time.
dennorayj::They will...
Milwaukee Buckss::I underestimated Mozgovs defense. He pretty much kept Bogut away from th basket the whole game
Rick P. Johnson::I was more impressed with Al
Milwaukee Buckss::1st quarter
masterosports42::And by the whole game you mean the 15 minutes he played right?
squiddy45::Stephan Jackson is a virus. One big lazy virus
Milwaukee Buckss::Oh i see. yea i have to agree with you on that one. He did lack some hustle towards the end
squiddy45::He doesn't run up and down the court
Milwaukee Buckss::Hes not suppose to thats jennings job.
dennorayj::I wouldn't mind him on the Nuggets..
squiddy45::Doesn't run the court
Milwaukee Buckss::You are wrong.
masterosports42::Man just imagine if we did amnesty Harrington like a lotta people (including myself) were saying we should.....we might be 2-4 at best right now.
DenverDiehard35::i feel like he worried that that might happen so he made sure he improved a lot
Slurm Soda::Yeah I underestimated him.
Milwaukee Buckss::Is it just me or has Stephen Jackson showed much more maturity since coming to Milwaukee?
Edward4515::He wants that contract extension, plus id also throw in the fact that the team hes playing on now isnt being blown out by other teams like the bobcats/warriors.
Cantonmembersonly::Bucks played pretty well actually, I'm pleased. May actually get a winning record.
Ajarnsim::3 straight nights of basketball SHOWED, nuggets win ugly. But I'll take 4-2. Just got to get the hangman hitting those open 3s.
mountainboy33::The Nuggets are 4-2 without hitting shots..... Just watch out when they do. go nuggs
oguhmas::me too haha, he has no confidence at all right now. Thing is, he's still getting good points
Milwaukee Buckss::I $@%! my pants when Danillo Galinari passed up that WIDE OPEN 3 to give it to Harrington, but it dont matter cause the Nuggets still beat us
masterosports42::Once we get our shot figured out, it's gonna be scary. I agree
masterosports42::<b>MITTENED KITTENS FTW!</b>
dennorayj::Man it's nice to have a real conversation with the opposing teams fans...
Edward4515::Shouldve playe leuer more, came in &amp; was 4-4 then never played much after that. Send sanders to the d league, do not play gooden at all(amnesty/trade his $@%). Start leuer at 4 &amp; play ilyasova/luc depending on what you need.
Milwaukee Buckss::I see Gooden getting the amnesty really soon. WE DONT NEED HIM,
buckspackers23::If Sanders doesn't go to the D-league when Harris and Dunleavy are both healthy, im going to flip shit.
chubby rain::The Bucks need to BLOW IT UP!
DeezBalls19::dfgssdf
buckspackers23::When you hold the Nuggets to 91 points, you know you are doing something right. Let's hope we aren't as flat tomorrow against the hapless Jazz.
DenverDiehard35::the jazz suck man, if u havent seen them play it should be obvious enough how bad that they are that their fans have to come on this board to talk sh** (to a team that slaughtered them may i add)
Milwaukee Buckss::I hope so
Milwaukee Buckss::Its in Utah though and the Bucks are horrid on the road. It will be closer than you think
dennorayj::The Bucks should win though....
dennorayj::Bucks will kill the jazz..
Slurm Soda::It's the Jazz you'll be fine.
Slurm Soda::Jennings really fucked up by not passing it back.
Milwaukee Buckss::Yea but at the same time i like his confidence to take a shot like that. maybe he will go over the game and learn from his mistakes
Heiroglyphic::Good game Bucks fans. Got a little worried at the start with Nene out when Bogut was having his way, but the Nuggets toughed it out and showed why they are very tough to beat at home. The Bucks have a very good team though, and would have likely won in Milwaukee. Good luck Buck fans and I look forward to the next matchup. GO NUGGETS!
Milwaukee Buckss::Yes very good game.
DeezBalls19::The Bucs have some pretty good players, that was a close game, good luck on your season
Milwaukee Buckss::Indeed, Good luck to denver as well.
DenverDiehard35::Good game bucks, closer than I thought but without nene we look like a way different team. See yall again on the 17th when we play u guys in milwaukee, and i will be in attendance at that game!!!
Milwaukee Buckss::Well you better get ready for the squad six and you better not be wearing no Nuggets jersey lol.
DenverDiehard35::ill be there in a gallinari jersey, nothing will scare me into not wearing a nuggets jersey
Edward4515::Outscored 12 to 23 in the 4th, team really needs a slasher. Best to get 2 coaches, skiles does the defense &amp; the other draws up offensive plays.
MattQuincy23::Why did Nene sit?
Milwaukee Buckss::Knee/foot injury
Slurm Soda::He had a minor injury and they didn't wanna risk it.
bk swag::-3 2H nuggets somehow got there
dennorayj::The Bucks are going to be good... I wish them well.
tplushh4lifee::man bucks defense is so good only if they could have a offense that goes with it
tplushh4lifee::yea. if they can get a decent offense they will be in the playoffs. and could give teams struggles
Milwaukee Buckss::I agree 100 percent. they got to get bogut the ball when their shooting is struggling like Jon Mcgloclin always says
tplushh4lifee::good game nugget fans
tboneguyla::what a cover!!!  TY!!!!!!!!!
Slurm Soda::Bucks have the classiest fanbase so far. Good game.
BostonFan0702::C's!
buckspackers23::Good game man.
Milwaukee Buckss::GG it was a close game
cubuffs1987::GO NUGGETS!!!!
nerdherder21::CO TEAMS&gt;WI TEAMS
nerdherder21::HOCKEY
Austin9811::Who is avs
nerdherder21::AVS&gt;WAIT U HAVE NO TEAM
TrapGameJr::Not quite- Broncos &lt; Packers
buckspackers23::Ha, Brewers&gt;Rockies, Packers&gt;Broncos,Badgers&gt;Colorado.
TrapGameJr::Wisc doesn't have a hockey team? Seems like the state would be a natural for that sport.
youngmac123::denver nuggets&gt; knicks
buckspackers23::Good game, see you guys later this month at the BC.
