Tunatime::The Pistons are Shameful, embarrassing, a Joke!! Joe Dumars has single handedly destroyed this franchise, and the newbie owner is clueless.  Playoffs? Haha! Not for years.  The Pistons, like the lions, need a new owner, GM, coach
BeatBox::The important part of this season for the Lakers who do you want to keep for the future and I see a lot.
PKM::Kobe's absence has been good for Blake's development.
fup duck::Detroit's been losing games because of their guards, and they usually dominate the opposing team's big men.  But Hill so far has 22 pts and 17 rebs, so especially dominant performance.
laker fan 1989::Detroit has good players, Josh Smith, Jennings, Monroe, STucky and Drummond. This team just hasn't learned how to Gel together or maybe the pieces don't fit. But they need Jennings to be a better passer.
Ddog::By letting Jordan play, I guess Dantoni is learning to put his personal feelings aside for the good of the team.
E Money::Good win for the Lakers. The Pistons are going to be a problem in the east as soon as their guys play together a little bit more. Seems like they are having a problem defensively, even with that Monster of a front line they have. Give them a bit more time and I guarantee that they will end up as one of the easts top 5 or 6 teams.
OcAngelFan::As a Laker fan, I have no reason to be anything other than grateful for their winning ways.  Magic, Kareem, Worthy, Wilkes, Byron Scott, Norm Nixon, Shaquille O'Neal, Kobe, Pau, Andrew Bynum, Michael Thompson, Michael Cooper, Eddie, Rambis, McAdoo and Kupchak.  10 championships I was old enough to witness and enjoy.  What reason do I have to be bitter?  None!    For those of you that gloat at the Lakers demise, I would tell you it would be much more satisfying to gloat with a championship.  This isn't something many fans can understand since the last 30 years has been dominated by the Lakers, Celtics and Spurs.    As for being where the Lakers are, I would say that no team is above the need to rebuild.  The Lakers are in that situation.  It is what it is.  They have an organizational track record of fixing things on the fly.  We will see.  We don't have to win every year.  As fans, we do like, however, that the Laker organization has always given everything they could to win and the results are indisputable.    They will be back.  I don't know when and I don't think Kobe will be with us when that happens.  Again, every team must rebuild at some point.  Dynasties crumble!  Those teams with the culture to quickly and get back to the top are incredible.  Lakers are one of those teams.  Few organizations in any professional sport measure up to the Lakers, so gloat if you must!  Bathe in the glory of the Lakers losing but your team never gets to the playoffs or is a door mat every year in the playoffs.  If this is what it takes to be happy....rejoice in Laker ineptitude.  Just know we are coming back!  Not sure how long it will take but as I have always come to expect, it will probably be sooner than later!
Lakeger::JH27, happens to be better than D12, and Wesley Johnson happens to be better defender than MWP, but yonger. And the most improved player to me has been, at least the last 4 games, Steve Blake. He's learned a lot from Nash. He's playing team game. Meeks is always Meeks. Another point is, team has cut TO in half. Hopefully it doesn't change with Kobe
bluuzman::Good third quarter for the Lakers but the 4th is where they usually fold or hang on to hold leads.
