AngusMacAskill::I think that, since there has been a lot of transition in the NBA lately, Houston Rocket should change their name. Houston Hardens? Harden Rockets? Houston Flying Beard(s)?
westby of de mill::why did royce white not play
NguyenDragon::McHale didn't play most of the rookies...
5thrailz::he was stuck in traffic on the greyhound bus. fact.
eaglesflyers93::the knicks and OKC will be begging Lin &amp; Harden to return back by the end of the month.
Cincyredsbengalsbearcats5::Nice start to the season rockets! Keep it rollin fellas!! CLUTCH CITY!
stillersfan87::If Lin has 10+ points 8+ assists and less then five turnovers with players like Asik and Delfino scoring, Rockets could very well push for a playoff spot.
SoldierFieldGuy::His +23 last night was impressive
benkimhine::as stats go, i don't know where this particular one ranks, but jlin is second in the league right now. diaw leads with +24
NguyenDragon::I think he needs to average double double for a strong playoff push...
MRLS718::When Harden got to Houstan and saw his team he said to himself  "Damn looks like I got to do everything around here".  It looks like he is playing with the High school rejects, I feel for him when there are those nights he has to face these elite teams, not sure where the help is going to come from.   When they play the Clippers how are they going to match up, or any elite team of that matter with Harden being the only main threat. He is going to feel how Wade felt before Lebron and Bosh got there.
SoldierFieldGuy::.
Dawan208::Don't bother while they double team Harding one of these average players will slip behind a defender and score the winning point.  Let's just hope the 400 other nba players think like Mrls
MRLS718::Ok your about 12 years old
future_bassmaster::stillersfan87 SoldierFieldGuy - OKCBANDWAGONER - "It's "you're" by the way. "    Incorrect, bobby has it right.    Lol trying to be a smart alec backfired... its you're as in you are twelve years old. MRLS has it right  I think that means MRLS has it wrong. OKCBANDWAGONER is correct.   There's a lot of backfiring going on in here.
stillersfan87::SoldierFieldGuy - OKCBANDWAGONER - "It's "you're" by the way. "  Incorrect, bobby has it right.  Lol trying to be a smart alec backfired... its you're as in you are twelve years old. MRLS has it right
OKCBANDWAGONER::I was responding to MRLS. I thought it was kind of obvious, seeing as how I went on to insult OKC. I'll try to spell it out better for you next time.
SoldierFieldGuy::OKCBANDWAGONER - "It's "you're" by the way. "  Incorrect, bobby has it right.
bobbydagreat::.
OKCBANDWAGONER::It's "you're" by the way. And face it, the Thunder suck. They had their one chance to win it all last year and couldn't get it done. Don't expect many good players to stick around that red-neck town for the years to come.
bobbydagreat::Yes, I'm 12 and have had an ESPN account for 5 years. Your powers of deduction are astounding.
MRLS718::Harden is never going back to the finals. He got there with your "fake PG" lets see when can he make it back lol
benkimhine::give me a break, harden did not get to the finals with westbrook. he got there with himself, durant, ibaka, and perkins. westbrook is fun to watch but the decisions he makes often leaves me scratching my head. he might be one of the quickest athletes, but i don't know that he was a more pivotal piece than the 4 players mentioned above (with the exception of possibly perkins). i think a major reason why harden left was because he believes he is a better player (not athlete) than westbrook and felt like he should be better compensated. so instead of $@%!$'n and moan'n he quietly took what he believes is a better opportunity. the rockets have potential right now. an addition of a top 5 big man may put them in the top 8 teams in the league (maybe in the top 4 by next year). a top 5 + a top 10 big man puts them in the the top 3 teams in the league.
stillersfan87::bobbydagreat - The Rockets are an up and coming team, they could be in the finals as early as 2 years from now.  And guess what they are probably you're favorite team.
NguyenDragon::I don't think people realize Rockets are rebuilding...
bobbydagreat::The Rockets are an up and coming team, they could be in the finals as early as 2 years from now.
blue.eyed.tuna::Harden &gt; Westbrook
bobbydagreat::Agreed, let the Thunder homers drool over the fake PG all they want, I'm glad he's not on a team I care about.
MRLS718::Where did you buy your pillow, I want to be able to rest my head at night and have dreams just like you do. Do they have a website?
bobbydagreat::For sure the Rockets are not ready to contend this year, but they can add another max FA in the off season and they have a ridiculous amount of young talent. If ANY of them play to their potential the Rockets could easily be favorites in the West in the next 3 years.
Dawan208::You say this because the majority of players on Houston are non white.   And many a.f.rican minds you can't be black while BALLING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dawan208::Of course Mrls718 says this he is a Jeremy Lin hater and can not see how this Asian can call himself a basketball player.  I do remember that delfino got 4 three pointer in one quarter.   You see Lin or any non- black can't stand up to the brothers in their eyes.
bobbydagreat::Westbrook is not a team player, I wouldn't want him on any team that I wanted to win under any circumstances. As to the rest, I'm not talking about superstar players here, I'm talking about very good players, between Harden and whatever max FA they bring in this offseason and the young players on the team, they'll be contenders in the next year or two.
MRLS718::Young Talent= Westbrook, Durant, Griffin, Rose etc.. guys that change the way you defend a team.  Young talent is not Lin, Asik etc. Their average players at best ok.
Tdogz97::As a thunder fan I feel Harden sticking it right up my $@%. Had a great game and i would love to have him, but he isn't worth 16 million a year
MRLS718::When you said please kid I knew your were young. End of conversation
bobbydagreat::LOL on top of that, it's funny for a damn OKC homer to be talking about how long someone has been watching basketball, Oklahoma didn't even know what basketball was 7 years ago.
MRLS718::I'm smart enough to see how long you have been watching basketball to know it hasn't been very long at all. If you were old enough you would know that there have been players just like Harden who left and looked good on bad teams and have gotten no where.   Keep this in mind Ray Allen didn't get to the Final until he got with Garnett and Pierce, he was a killer with the Bucks and Sonics (by himself, no help). Harden was in the Finals much sooner than Allen, but wanted more money, no telling when he would make it back. Maybe never. Now watch Durant and Westbrook make it back again this year. lol
bobbydagreat::Please kid, you know nothing. Harden is a legit SG who will finally get to play to his potential now that he doesn't have to be on the same squad as a volume shooting, ball hogging fake PG.
MRLS718::Did  you not get picked at gym time to play basketball? when you did I assume no one passed you the ball. lol
bobbydagreat::LOL, so you aren't smart enough to come up with a response and you go that route? Sad.
MRLS718::Ball Hogs dont help take their team to the finals lol
bobbydagreat::Sure they do, just usually they aren't pretending to be PG's. Westbrick is good, it's just that he kills the team.
MRLS718::Again the only one on that team to step up in the Finals when it matterd besides Durant. Harden froze and was garbage and could be the main reason why they lost.   So explain why Harden was garbage in the Finals, what are you going to say it was cause of Westbrook lol....Sure you are.
bobbydagreat::Westbrook is a ball hog that destroys the potential of everyone around him, the Thunder would have won if they had a real PG.
bobbydagreat::He got the same deal as Westbrook and I'd much rather have 23 year old Harden, than 23 year old Westbrook.
bobbydagreat::Westbrook will be the reason the Thunder never win a championship, if he was a better shooter and bigger, he'd be a pretty damn good SG, but instead he's just a fake PG who is a ball hog that shoots his team out of games.
MRLS718::Yup take a guy that froze in the finals and not a guy that was not scared of anyone and or anything. The rest of that team froze except for Durant and Westbrook. Do it when it counts thats when you earn your respect just look at Lebron now.
SoldierFieldGuy::Lin vs Matrix
Akira_Vang::James Harden is a stud.
Tdogz97::for 16 million he ought to be
bobbydagreat::He's worth it.
SoldierFieldGuy::Perhaps it was a blessing in disguise that D-Howard didn't go to Houston...lol
SoldierFieldGuy::I'm still not even completely sold on Dwight...Shaq might be right about him
bobbydagreat::Well Dwight is nothing compared to the centers from the 90's, but Dwight is the best of what passes for centers today.
bobbydagreat::He still could LOL, the Lakers have been a disaster he could very well walk at the end of the season and the Rockets have the money for him.
bobbydagreat::That's only if Howard sticks around, he could very well leave after this season and head to Houston or Atlanta for a chance to win sooner.
hazmatsuits::Lakers will reload their roster in 2 years, Kobe &amp; Nash will both likely retire while Gasol &amp; Metta hit free agency. That gives them a ton of cap space to sign new stars to play with Dwight and re-sign Gasol (if he's worth it)
bobbydagreat::Yeah I seriously doubt that Howard will want to stick with the old 4 in LA.
SoldierFieldGuy::Not sure just how good Nash, old Kobe and free-throw shooting Dwight are....LOL
hernon254::We should have never got rid of Scola.  That was a stupid move.  Good to see Martin finally get out of town.  Harden looks incredible
rEdBuLxTaSy::GLAD THEY GOT RID OF MARTIN CAUSE IT APPEARED HE DIDN'T LIKE TO SHARE THE BALL WITH LIN...HARDEN IS THE PERFECT FIT  :)
kklg0467::really? cuz i think we have like 4 of them
hernon254::He's got plenty in the tank and we don't have a 4
bobbydagreat::Yes we do, we just didn't play any of them in the first game.
bobbydagreat::Getting rid of Scola was a good decision, the guy is getting old and the Rockets are on a youth movement. Scola would have nothing at all left by the time the Rockets are looking to contend and he costs too damn much.
Fear the Gr0nk::Never was a huge Harden fan, but DAMN, what a way to make a first impression.
bobbydagreat::"If you look at how much Westbrook has progressed, and how much better he has gotten, and the fact that his ceiling is higher than Harden's I think keeping Westbrook for the long haul was the better choice."    If you make Harden smaller and shorter, make him a worse shooter, take away any interest he might have in passing the ball, make him a worse defender, and force him to take a lot of stupid shots every game while making him pretend to be a PG, you would get Westbrick. That guy is cancer for any team. He can and will shoot his team back into, or completely out of any given game.
OU-Thunder::Do you even watch basketball? Westbrook is a better defender than Harden was while they both played for the Thunder. Now neither one set the world on fire defensively but Westbrook was better.  And what OKC did to the Spurs in the WCF speaks volumes to Westbrook's growth. Anyone who watches the Thunder at least a couple times a year can see it. Westbrook has not been in the league much longer than Harden either. They both have a lot of growth ahead of them.  And all through the playoffs last year when the Thunder were down by 13-18 points, Westbrook sparked a run with his athleticism that got us back in the game.
bobbydagreat::"I love Harden. I think he is a great player, but to say he is head and shoulders above Westbrook is asinine. And shows what little knowledge you truly have. You're just a Houston fan, seeing a Houston player who had a big time game, and now you assume that is going to happen every night"  No I am just a basketball fan who has seen Westbrick play enough times to where I would never want him to have anything to do with any team I wanted to win. If the Thunder had gotten rid of him for a real PG they probably win the championship last year.
OU-Thunder::You're just a prisoner of the moment. After one game. Westbrook and Hardens numbers are almost identical through the regular season last year. And in the playoffs Westbrooks #s were a lot more than Harden's.   I got faith in Presti that he knows a hell of a lot more about basketball than you do. He is getting paid for his knowledge of the game...you are not.  I love Harden. I think he is a great player, but to say he is head and shoulders above Westbrook is asinine. And shows what little knowledge you truly have. You're just a Houston fan, seeing a Houston player who had a big time game, and now you assume that is going to happen every night.
bobbydagreat::Of course, the fake PG Westbrick can shoot his team back into any game, and I said that. Of course a lot of the time that his team is down 13-18 points is because he has shot them out of the game. I'll take Harden as a legit SG over a fake PG in Westbrick any day. If the Thunder had traded him rather than Harden to the Rockets I would be furious.
USAKnicksfan::huh?
bobbydagreat::That was pretty self explanatory. The guy was trying to argue for Westbrook over Harden. In no way is Westbrook as good as Harden and I was pointing that out.
tcsfan14::Its good to see H-town back in the spotlight, now if they could only bring in a legit PF!
OU-Thunder::I really hope Harden keeps it going. He can really prosper in Houston. I think it was a great move by Houston to snag him. But I also think it was a smart move by OKC to make sure they got something for Harden. Rather than not signing him and just losing him after this season.
USAKnicksfan::Love....
NguyenDragon::I doubt Minnesota will let him go...
Boodro87::I just can't believe OKC gave other players besides KD extensions before Harden. Major WTF.
Tdogz97::called being a small market team. can't give everyon ethe money they want son
OU-Thunder::And to add more too this, OKC gave Westbrook his big contract long before Harden had a great season. They already had Durant and Westbrook locked up before we knew much about Harden.   People questioned Presti for drafting Westbrook so early, Harden was also a reach. Presti knows prospects and talents, and what it takes to win.
USAKnicksfan::Eric maynor can start on another team! can't forget about that guy!
OU-Thunder::Eric Maynor was hurt all season. He is a great point guard and distributor. He will help make up some of what we lost with Harden, along with Martin's scoring ability. I think we will be just fine.  You guys are basing this entire trade on one big night from Harden. If he comes out and scores 16 in the next game and has a so so performance your tone will change. Don't be a prisoner of the moment, step back and realize what Presti has done and his proven track record. I got faith in him that he made the right move.
OU-Thunder::If you look at how much Westbrook has progressed, and how much better he has gotten, and the fact that his ceiling is higher than Harden's I think keeping Westbrook for the long haul was the better choice.   It may not work out that way in the end. Nobody can truly know. But there is nobody in the NBA who can guard Westbrook. You can throw a myriad of great defenders on Harden and slow him down.  The only person that can stop Westbrook is Russel Westbrook.
bobbydagreat::I'm bashing this trade because they kept Westbrick and lost Harden, they'd be a lot better if they had Harden and a real PG rather than just having the ball hogging fake PG.
OU-Thunder::Well we got 2 or 3 nice shooting guards already. 1 happens to be the highest scorer in the NBA. We have a plethora of ball handlers. With Serge Ibaka needing signed wouldn't it be smart to make sure your weakest link on the team is locked up first?  Secondly after getting Ibaka for what they could, it gave them the ability to throw the rest of the house at Harden. Instead of losing possibly both of them, we were able to keep a player we really needed.
USAKnicksfan::OU-Thunder - USAKnicksfan - I agree but I'm skeptical of K. Martin and Harden is the full package. For this year the Thunder took a small step back bro.  No doubt. And had the Lakers not went out and signed the players they did I imagine OKC would have spent more to keep Harden and make some more runs. But with the Lakers making those moves it was hard to tell what is going to happen. OKC isn't a big enough market to go over the cap and NOT make the Finals.  I still believe OKC will be fine. I have OKC I think Harden will average 23 pts 6 asst. this year    Lin will be 14 pts and 7 asstsicked for WCF still.
OU-Thunder::USAKnicksfan - I agree but I'm skeptical of K. Martin and Harden is the full package. For this year the Thunder took a small step back bro.  No doubt. And had the Lakers not went out and signed the players they did I imagine OKC would have spent more to keep Harden and make some more runs. But with the Lakers making those moves it was hard to tell what is going to happen. OKC isn't a big enough market to go over the cap and NOT make the Finals.
USAKnicksfan::I agree but I'm skeptical of K. Martin and Harden is the full package. For this year the Thunder took a small step back bro.
bobbydagreat::They would be a hell of a lot better off if they had traded away Westbrook for a real PG and kept Harden, but hey I'm happy they weren't smart enough to do that.
OU-Thunder::I miss the beard! Wish we could have kept him. Just wasn't in the cards. Too much money for little ole OKC.   No hard feelings from this guy though. Hope he has an incredible career. GO JIMMY!
yellow0607::Yea, that money was much better spent on Perkins lol
OU-Thunder::Now that LA acquired Dwight Howard, you better believe it was.
USAKnicksfan::OU-Thunder - I miss the beard! Wish we could have kept him. Just wasn't in the cards. Too much money for little ole OKC.   No hard feelings from this guy though. Hope he has an incredible career. GO JIMMY!  EXACTLY and BOOMER!
bobbydagreat::I take Harden over old man Kobe, Joe Johnson, or Ray Allen. For a team like the Rockets, I'd take a young great player like Harden over Wade or Manu as well. Now that Harden is away from the ball hogging Westbrick, he'll probably turn into a superstar SG, just watch.
mjsanders::Dude, most of these guys are old now except for Wade &amp; JJ.  The question is, in their primes, do you really think Harden will be as good as these guys were?  All those guys were either the 1st option on a playoff team and/or won chips as a 2nd or 3rd option.  Maybe Harden could've been in that 2nd group if he stayed in OKC, but I can't see him EVER leadin a team even to the playoffs as the No. 1 option.
bobbydagreat::I disagree.
mjsanders::bobbydagreat - Who cares? None of them are in their primes and that's the point. Harden is the best for the future in Houston and he could be one of the superstars of the next generation.  There are several guards drafted the last few yrs that have higher ceilings than Beard.  AAMOF, OKC got 1 of em in the trade...
bobbydagreat::Who cares? None of them are in their primes and that's the point. Harden is the best for the future in Houston and he could be one of the superstars of the next generation.
mjsanders::JHarden = Michael Finley 2.0, an excellent 3rd option &amp; solid 2nd option, but NOT a franchise 2-guard!  Recent franchise SGs include KB, Manu, Wade &amp; RAllen.  Beard will never be on that level.  Shoot, he’s not even as good as Joe Johnson!  Overrated &amp; Overpaid.  One big gm vs a scrub team doesn’t change anything!  HOU will be a lottery team this yr – book it!
mjsanders::1) When I listed the franchise SGs I was referrin to each guy in his prime (so yes, Ray from MIL/SEA).    2) Y'all gotta remember that Finley was a consistent 18-22ppg for half his career.  This is exactly Harden's ceiling.    3) I seriously doubt that Beard will be able to match Joe Johnson's stats or impact.  JJ was one of the co-leaders of the Hawks &amp; that time keep goin to the playoffs &amp; made some noise every yr.  Don't hold your breath waitin for Beard lead a team to the postseason.
Boodro87::Well, I seriously doubt you know what you're talking about. See how that works both ways?
bobbydagreat::18-22ppg isn't Harden's ceiling, it's his rookie play.
raferna3::I'd take Harden over ANY of the guys you just mentioned. Including the injury-prone Wade.
Voodoo_Mama_Juju::lol he's better than Finley tho.  I'd compare him more to Joe Johnson
Thomasg2488::Ray Allen a franchise SG? Maybe when he was with the Super Sonics. He's a 3 point shooter, that's it. At least Harden can shoot, drive to the basket and dish the rock. What a moron
USAKnicksfan::His numbers are equal to that of Manu Ginoboli. He's only 23. He could be a Ray Allen or Wade some day.
USAKnicksfan::MRLS718 - How old are you? Did you not see Ray Allen in Uconn? That man is no where close to a Ray Allen. Go back and look at what Ray did when he was with the Bucks in his younger years and who he faced. Again how old are you? As for Wade, stop it that man is again no where close to Wade.  Yeah I've been around for a while. I know about Jesus Shuttlesworth. I've also watched Harden's games in person for years. You are underrating the kid. He has serious potential.
MRLS718::How old are you? Did you not see Ray Allen in Uconn? That man is no where close to a Ray Allen. Go back and look at what Ray did when he was with the Bucks in his younger years and who he faced. Again how old are you? As for Wade, stop it that man is again no where close to Wade.
bwp2bruce::OKC made a mistake trading Harden. That much is clearly obvious. This game was like a James Harden showcase and any fan who didn't know learned the following things about Harden:    1. Knows how to handle the basketball  2. Knows how to hit the spot up three  3. Knows how to find the open player  4. Knows how to penetrate and dish  5. Knows how to play defense and hustle  6. Knows how to move without the basketball    The dude has a high basketball IQ. It's worth mentioning again. OKC made a mistake.
benjamin.perkins::Says 4 steals and a blocked shot.  Yup, terrible defense.  This is why most of you posters, are simply that, and not analyst or GM's...
OU-Thunder::Against who? Detroit? My grandma could block shots against some of their players.  Go watch the Finals again and tell me how great his defense is. I'm not slamming the guy. I love Harden. But I'm not going to ignore the facts. His defense is not that great.
OU-Thunder::OKC didn't have a choice. We can't have 3 max guys. It just doesn't work. I wish we could have kept him. But OKC ran into an embarrassment of riches and had to do something about it.  You are wrong about one thing. Harden's defense isn't that great. Everything else is spot on. But his defense lacks.
OU-Thunder::Those guys had open looks the entire Finals because of poor defense. Sure they got hot when it counted. But a lot of their success was the poor defense being played on them. And not just by Harden, Westbrook and Durant too.
USAKnicksfan::He had a bad finals but a great Playoffs. Don't let the finals weigh to heavily on Harden's game. Dude can ball.  Its kinda hard to defend Bron, Wade, Bosh while also defending Miller, Battier raining 3s.  Just saying...
OU-Thunder::He is improving but I watched his defense in the Finals. It was terrible. It may have been ok during the regular season, but being ok in the Finals will get you beat.  OKC has had a mantra of preaching defense. That's their identity. And they lost that somewhere. I think they are trying to get it back.
USAKnicksfan::I live in okla and have watched his defense improve. He defended against Kobe and other stars. He is a good defender. He also improves every year.
Thomasg2488::I don't think they made a mistake because they couldn't afford it, so they got the best deal possible with it
Voodoo_Mama_Juju::can't say that it was a mistake by OKC until we see how Lamb develops, and what they do with those 2 draft picks.  Not to mention whether or not what Harden did is sustainable over an 82 game season.  I will admit, I have a new found respect for him tho.  He was insane yesterday
USAKnicksfan::Great Post! OKC had to make that move. It was mutually beneficial. OKC will be ok. Harden is what his numbers said he would be. Great player.
wannawinputboobiein::the 12 assists is impressive, maybe OKC shoulda gotten rid of Russell Westrbrook instead.
USAKnicksfan::Westbrook is a league leader in assist. He also had the largest assist to to ratio in the playoffs. until the finals. The year Rose won MVP he and westbrook had the exact same stat line.
bobbydagreat::Obviously they should have.
USAKnicksfan::angelgr89 - No Westbrook no finals  TRUTH!
angelgr89::No Westbrook no finals
alfakennione::They need to get royce white in there and comfortable he's and unbelievable player
hernon254::Royce White is too busy complaining about how scary airplanes are to help this team
bobbydagreat::I'd much rather see Jones and Motiejunas first. Royce is a long term project.
Voodoo_Mama_Juju::I guess I'm the only person that thinks OKC will make out better with this trade long-term.  They got a guy in Martin who can drop 20 per night easy.  Even if you don't like him (I'm not a fan either), you get a solid young talent in Jermey Lamb.  They also got 2 future draft picks, which don't let this win against a sorry Detroit team fool you, HOU's picks will be valuable down the stretch.  Both teams got a good deal, but OKC prevails IMO
benjamin.perkins::I guess pointing out that both the 1st round picks OKC got in the deal are dependent on Dallas and Toronto's records...not Houstons, would be information overload for this board and would not fit the agenda of typical Houston hate.  The Rockets still have their first round pick so doing bad again works out for the Rockets, not OKC.
raferna3::Harden is MUCH better than Martin and until Lamb or the first round picks pan out(which they likely never will), OKC just got hosed.
DJ Schneids::that is certainly a valid argument, but the undoubted conclusion is that it weakens OKC in the short term. This team was in the Finals last year with 3 of the top 20 players in the NBA who all are under-25. If they had another run this year, a title was completely within reach without any projected massive individual improvements. That isn't true without Harden.
Voodoo_Mama_Juju::I should preference by saying I like Harden, but its easier to find a suitable SG than it is to find a solid defensive PF with size and athleticism like Ibaka.  If they could keep both long-term than that'd be a no-brainer
Voodoo_Mama_Juju::Yeah, but that's not good business as far as the franchise is concerned.  Thats being in a win now mindset, with players that will be great for a longer while than "now".  Meaning you have to continue building for their future and not just their present.  I'd rather keep a guy like Ibaka than Harden if you asked me to pick, which OKC would have to do at the end of this season.  At least now their in position to sign Ibaka and either keep drafting replacements, or trading those 2 picks for another SG.  I think Martin's contract may be expiring soon as well...  but yes, it definitely hurts them this yr.  I didn't have them going back with Harden anyways, and even if they did, I still had MIA in 6 instead of 5 lol
Voodoo_Mama_Juju::That being said, it'll probably hurt OKC this yr specifically, but I honestly didn't have them going back to the Finals this season anyways.
modsrdiputs::I guess the question to ask now is whether or not James Harden is a better all around player than Westbrook. If he can consistently give you numbers close to this it becomes a valid question. The thing that OKC will miss is that Harden was versatile enough to spell Westbrook when he was tired.................................of shooting.
ESPN.com is my life::OKC won't miss this guy at all.
DJ Schneids::pretty sure, and sincerely hope, the OP was being completely sarcastic. I agree with you tho perljunkie.
perljunkie::Hate to tell you this, but trading Harden was a typical bonehead mistake a lot of clubs make when they under value talent like Harden.  They traded away getting back to the WCF and perhaps even the Finals by trading this one piece to Houston.  Good grab by Houston, but it's going to cost OKC that much.  Harden scared the pooey out of Laker fans.  Now they don't have to worry.
DJ Schneids::Harden wanted max money, even tho in OKC it would've been 4 years not 5. OKC lowballed him by like $5 million, a totally minuscule amount all things considered, because they didn't want to come dangerously close to the new massive luxury tax threshold. Harden would've stayed if he got the 4 year max, there is no question about it.
chillinleeinLA::Good point.  But OKC could not offer Harden a five year deal as the number of such deals is restricted by the CBA.  And Harden wanted a five year deal, while OKC could go up to only four...
perljunkie::They played DETROIT.  Let's see what happens in the thick of the WC.  Good start however for being on the team about a week.
raferna3::All you can do is play your schedule... and he has only been there for two days.
chillinleeinLA::Exactly...it's better to have beaten Detroit than to have been beaten by Detroit...
tmohr48::Right on Houston... Best of luck this season.
ku81018311::happy to see marcus morris get a shot to prove himself
DuaneXC::He is not very good.  I cannot wait for Patterson to return.
Daniel Nelson31::E needs more confidence
USAKnicksfan::Same here I hope they don't give up on him.
USAKnicksfan::Harden can be the #1 option it was foolish to think anything different. Lin will continue to improve. I can see some serious Lin + Harden synergy. Similar to Harden + Eric Maynor synergy. The problem for Houston is pg and front court depth. Also DEFENSE. Harden is a good defender. Lin is good. Yet as a team they need to grow.
USAKnicksfan::I like Asik and Parsons. Defense takes chemistry which takes time. I really like Asik. Parsons impresses. I'd like to see what Donatas has to offer. Aldridge as well. DEFENSE and depth are my biggest concerns.
htownb4lla::Asik is a defensive stud, parsons is considered a good/great defender.  We need a stud 4, or our young 4's to develop into studs.
SoldierFieldGuy::I don't expect a championship this year for Houston. I'd consider this a good year for the Rockets if they end up with a better record than the NYK's and/or make the playoffs.
coltranesteelkirt::The thing is, if i was playing a 1 on 1 basketball tourney against Harden, i'd ball him up.
perljunkie::You guys don't know who coltranesteelkirt is.  There are a lot of really good street ballers out there who can hang with and even beat NBA players 1:1.  Maybe he could ball Harden?
modsrdiputs::Who would you put your money on?
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::If he spotted you 20 points.
SoldierFieldGuy::and it's first one to 21
htownb4lla::im sure he would dominate you. Thus he's in the NBA and you are not.
KungFuZombie75::looking forward to see what Harden can do against a real team! he skunked the pistons...but it's still the pistons
KungFuZombie75::pistons are a auto-win, it sucks that Harden will only be on national tv twice this season, thunder will be televised 25 times for comparison
KungFuZombie75::it was impressive, but it was still against the Pistons. But can he do that vs the Heat?
KungFuZombie75::coltranesteelkirt - lol... What difference does it make if it was against the Heat.... Are you implying that the presence of LeBron will scare him, or something?  I guess you didn't watch the finals last year....
coltranesteelkirt::lol... What difference does it make if it was against the Heat.... Are you implying that the presence of LeBron will scare him, or something?
Kev_010::can he do that against any play off caliber team is what we should be asking. You make it seem like Heat is the only team out there.
SoldierFieldGuy::nevertheless, a good road win last night
philyson4::the game was impressive regardless who it was against
SoldierFieldGuy::So far, Houston 1-0, NYK's 0-0:)
Tothyself::Get da scouting report  ---Barack Obama
Brandon18502::*Bronco Bamma
c7877::should have benched westbrook in the finals...that guy is reckless and a me-first shooter who refuses to defer to the second best player int he game.  harden just proved that he belongs in the pantheon of superstars.,..all of a sudden houston has two young stars and cap money to sign a third next year. if they pick up bynum...look out.
coltranesteelkirt::Harden didn't have a good series, himself...   I give them all a pass, because they were green... Had OKC kept Harden, i'd favor them to beat the Heat in a rematch.
Chargers_4_Sale::You're very stupid. It had nothing to do with Westbrook. Your boy Harden didn't do his part and did a vanishing act in the Finals.
HollaIfYaHEMI::James Harden is a top 5 Player in the NBA. He has a chance at MVP this year.
lmbsports2::top 20 yeah
KungFuZombie75::top 5?? I don't think so....top 25 maybe
MRLS718::Harden is the new Monti Ellis
NguyenDragon::Keep telling yourself that...
Federico6646::Isn't too early to say that? Let's see what happens in the next 15-20 games before hopping on the bearded bandwagon... :-)
SoldierFieldGuy::NYK's went 36-30 while Houston was 34-32 last year.
MRLS718::So list the teams in the west that they can beat in a season series matchup. remember they have to face some western conference teams four times a season.   how many times can they beat the Clippers, Denver, Spurs etc...
htownb4lla::id rather just wait for them to do it, instead of "predicting"
MRLS718::I see the rockets winning about 25 games this season. There are way to many better teams in the west. Side note that new point guard for the Blazers is a tuff guard.
NguyenDragon::Now you are just hating... Minimum 30 wins for the Rockets...
HollaIfYaHEMI::some really solid competition over there in the East....
SoldierFieldGuy::the East(Heat) won the Championship
NguyenDragon::How many was thanks to Lin?
SoldierFieldGuy::Exactly, so I'm asking if Houston will end up with a better overall record than the Knicks this year.
Jay_Tee23::bunch of meat eaters in  here hatin for no apparent reason.. you try dropping 37 in an nba game
RoweMing::try dropping 37 in a rec game...
KungFuZombie75::does playing against the Pistons really count as a NBA game?
Jett W.K.::In this league, any team can beat any team on any given day once awhile. They are all pro.
Jett W.K.::In this league, any team can beat any team on any given day once awhile. They are all pro.
htownb4lla::Seeing as they are an "NBA Franchise" I would say yes.
htownb4lla::no kidding.
Chargers_4_Sale::I'm convince now that Harden's the real deal putting that stat line against the Pistons.........sarcasm.
Boodro87::You must be a Laker fan.
SoldierFieldGuy::Will Houston end up with a better record than the NYKs?...lol
for- e -ver::Absolutely they will.  Houston would have won 25 games with or without Harden
SoldierFieldGuy::NYK's went 36-30 while Houston was 34-32 last year.
MRLS718::They dont play the Pistons 82 games ok lol. How many teams in the west can the Rockets beat when they meet four times a year.  1. OKC  (0-4) 2. Lakers (1-3) 3. Spurs (0-4) 4.Clippers (0-4) 5. Denver  (1-3) 6. Memphis (0-4) 7. Utah (2-2) 8. T-wolves/Blazers  (1-3)
screwhead2305::Rockets beat Thunder twice last season.. Thunder arent invincible
ph23man::I think it's possible for Houston to manage a .500 record against those teams. But I guess we'll see.
htownb4lla::This team has more talent than last years team and they almost made the playoffs last year Smart Guy.
MRLS718::James Harden could be the new Monti Ellis. Good player with a big contract on a bad team going no where.
25232::not a bad comparison, Ellis is a pure scorer and puts up insane stats but nothing else comes from it.
KungFuZombie75::Harden is way better then Ellis, bad comparison
coltranesteelkirt::what about them looks 'bad' to you?  They look like finely oiled machine to me. . i don't care who the opponent is.
MRLS718::Ummmmmmm....Playoffs when have you ever seen Monti Ellis in the playoffs? Oh yeah as Baron Davis's backup when they knocked out the Mav's. Then they gave a backup big money and look what happen to GS
Liam Nelson In Taken 2::OKC finally made a bad move  they were perfect in their dealings but they PULLED a NEW YORK KNICK GUTLESS CHEAP CLASSLESS move
for- e -ver::A) Its one game  B) OKC was going to lose Harden at the end of the season anyway.  Better to trade him and get something in return than watch him walk to a dumb team giving him a max contract after the season and getting nothing.
HunterSkunter::Funny how the Rockets keep ending up on the right side of cheap moves, its almost like Morey is....good at his job? You wouldn't tell by some of the idiotic fairweather fans out there.
Federico6646::For me it's too early to say top 5 player in the league. Maybe top 3 SG, but he has to prove he's much more than that. One game isn't enough to me.
Federico6646::That's true, but I don't think that Rockets were the only team interested in having Harden. They had to give up something good in order to get him.
HollaIfYaHEMI::Federico6646 - What else did Rockets give up? Martin? Good riddance, I think.  Harden is a top 5 SG in the league right now. I don't think Houston gave up too much to take him.  No...Harden is a top 5 PLAYER in this league.
NguyenDragon::OKC was desperate to move him... Morey didn't have to give up 3 1st rounds (I am counting Lamb)...   I know a lot of people still likes to kiss his behind but he had one good move (Lowry) before Harden... I expect more being here 5 plus years...
Federico6646::What else did Rockets give up? Martin? Good riddance, I think.  Harden is a top 5 SG in the league right now. I don't think Houston gave up too much to take him.
NguyenDragon::I give Morey props if he only had to give up Lamb or Toronto's pick... Getting Harden was great but it doesn't excuse what we gave up...
coltranesteelkirt::Good Lord... Not a big Harden fan, but that contract actually might be a steal...  Houston is my sleeper in West now.
for- e -ver::Overreacting to one game?  You would fit perfectly working for ESPN
keny84::one word: Pistons
MRLS718::I thought the Pistons were one of the elite teams in the NBA. They have Isiah and Dumars in the back court with Vinny Johnson coming of the bench. What are you talking about. The Pistons are top tier.
ArkansasA30::Houston to me doesn't have the talent to compete in West just yet. Jeremy Lin and James Harden will be a great duo in back court but Houston doesn't have enough to compete with the teams who will likely compete for thr 6-8 seeds in West. Utah, Memphis, Portland, Denver all have much more talent around them. Houston gave up a lot of 1st round picks so they need to go to free agency and get a big man. Asik ain't going to cut it, but he is young and promising. It took Harden to have one of his best games in his career and Houston shot extremely well from the 3 point and yet they beat Detroit in a close one.
DuaneXC::Houston shot like 10-27 from 3 point land.  What is pretty about that?
screwhead2305::Harden has been on the team less than a week and we were with out our starting PF. last night was just about the W. Rockets will only get better
SoldierFieldGuy::last night was a good road win for the Rockets
Koldrush::Still have cap space to bring someone in.  Also, give them time to get some chemistry...they have only been together for a week.
Boodro87::Wrong.
Liam Nelson In Taken 2::37 points to the gut of OKC fans
Boodro87::In the famous words of Nelson Muntz, "Ha ha!"
BudokaiJones::"Whoops." - Sam Presti
acadia1106::LOL @okc and nyc
NguyenDragon::Note to McHale... More Machado and less Douglas next game please...
htownb4lla::Machado wasnt dressed.
SoldierFieldGuy::Lin grew up a lot last year at the All-Star weekend &amp; playing in the high pressure, high stress NYK's.
acadia1106::Insanity rocks, Dolan is a moron.   People saying Lin was a fluke aren't Bball fans, you don't fluke the kind of run he had.  It's not like it was just 1 game, and the kicker is he's done it at every level, all I do is Lin, baby!  Harden Lin duo , is just what doctor ordered, harden getting buckets and Lin orchestrating! Same way Knicks went on there run, team ball, great spacing. Dolan much appreciated.
MRLS718::Stop talking about where the Spurs and Lakers are at right now cause in the past they have proven where they end up at the end of  the season people. Rockets look like the Golden State Warriors where they had to rely on Ellis to score in bunchies in order to win.
chillinleeinLA::Well, I think your point about GSW is that they lacked talent around Ellis.   But to rely on one guy to score in bunches, in it of itself, is not a  sign of weakness.  Michael Jordan did that while he was a Bull more than just a few times....
MRLS718::Yup when the Knicks beat those bums teams or teams coming off that 3 games in 3 nights that correct. Then when they ran into Miami and Deron Williams the second time around the light went off. Rockets are going no where people. In no particular order this is the west for the next two-three years.  1. OKC 2. Lakers 3. Spurs 4.Clippers 5. Denver 6. Memphis 7. Utah 8. T-wolves/Blazers  Rockets cant beat neither of those teams. But here is a list of teams that can get your hopes up when the rockets play them and win lol  1. Raptors 2. Bobcats 3. Magics  4. Wizards 5. Pistons
chillinleeinLA::Before Lin started playing, the Knicks actually lost to all those "bum teams"...heck they even lost to the Bobcats.
acadia1106::Spurs 1, lakers 0-2, and the argument they need time, lots of teams rebuilt and managed towin Houston included  Rockets future looking up, a couple of more pieces , no one said this year. But niyoung core and backcourt looks set.
NguyenDragon::Playoffs would be sweet but most Rockets fans like myself is happy seeing growth and potential for this season...
