Carl D Hill::Howard went up against a REAL center, and, got OWNED....
Al Asifyouknow::My friend when you go back to school tomorrow look up the word-reality-   lol
Gabriel Santiago::My friend Al Dwight Howard is washed up and his best years are behind him reality check
Tuan Nguyen::no Lin, no win...
Karl Heu::No ball movement at all
Selang Tjhin::Rocket want to trade Lin ,for sure now I will never watch Rocket basketball again..................bye-bye
Selang Tjhin::Rocket will losing a lot of games if they trade Jeremy Lin
Tony Ellis::Beverley is fine as their PG.
Selang Tjhin::not yet
Selang Tjhin::only 0 point
Steven Anacker::Not surprising. Rockets are completely inconsistent this year. Winning on the road in places like San Antonio and Portland, losing to some of the worst teams. Consistency is the final step of becoming a true contender and the Rockets definitely haven't found that yet. A lot of season left to find it, but still.
Matt Beggs::hard to find consistency when you haven't got a consistent line up night in and night out, we are getting injuries and it depletes the bench
Steven Anacker::Matt Beggs True. But the elite teams stay consistent through injuries. It's fine. We couldn't expect them just to hit the perfect button right out of the gate.
Thomas A. Brandner::You would of thought that D Howard would of shown up tonight being that Cousins is one of the other premier Centers in the League...but then again it is D Howard and doesn't have a competitive bone in his body...as long as he had a good time tonight though, that's all that matters.........right?
Marlon Dunwell::Leave Howard alone yo
Karl Heu::Howard is a waste of 20 mil a year.....overpaid big man
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Where are all the Rudy Gay haters, who said he would jack up bricks and be ineffecient. Back to back 20+ pts games, Enjoy !
Marcleen Bavogui::game 1 relax.. take it easy u dint get a savior
Simon's Quest::you're still the kings...
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Marcleen Bavogui its actually the 2nd game his played, if you actually read what i said and do your research before talking.
Keith Dennis::Mavs and Rockets both get squashed in Sacramento.   Don't mess with Texas.. heh
Jorge L. Celis::Dwight Howard < DeMarcus Cousins
Ellis Marcelle::Ha. What meaningful games has DeMarcus played in, much less won. Don't give me the "his teams are just not that good". Not in a time when we give credit for a team accomplishment (Rings) to single players (Jordan). Can't have it both ways, if Howard is a star, and so is Cousins', then by that thinking Howard is more valuable and a better player than Cousins. By this point in Howard''s career, he had his team as perennial playoff contenders. Cousins', begging for some Rudy Gay help to compete for 8th. Come on, man.
Tim Wilson::Ellis Marcelle You're point makes no sense. Howard didn't do all of that by himself. He had A LOT of help. When the Magic made it to the finals, they had solid contributions all the way across the board; Hedo, Jameer Nelson, Rashard Lewis, and Howard with a solid bench. That lineup will beat any Sacramento lineup since DeMarcus has been on the Kings. Also, if Howard is such a "great" player, what happened last year? With Kobe and Pau along side they were barely going to grab that 8th seed before Kobe went down. Come on, man.
Ellis Marcelle::Tim Wilson Tim you are making my point. You made a personal suggestion (that's all it equates to) about Howard in comparison to DeMarcus. I made my own person assessment, and you tell me I make no sense. Well here is the sense. How are you equating that Cousins is better? Based on the numbers, its Dwight! Want to equate value to your teams.... Dwight! Do you want to address individual performance, then Cousins is making strides but comparing Dwight in years 1-4 to Cousins, Dwight gets the advantage. So it leads me to believe that the assessment is based on "liking" a player's personality or the way they present themselves. If we are talking basketball, Cousins is not in Dwight's class, if talking personality, you make your own assessment, I could care less!
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Cousins outplaying Dwight? Wow ,just wow.
Al Asifyouknow::The positive (lol) thing about the trade is that it put Thomas as a starting point guard, very entertaining,  scores 29 points 1 or two assists (and losing big) at least they competed before the trade, and of course Rudy hogging the ball, soon Cuzz will be complaining about not getting enough shots. It will be a great soap opera very soon.  By the way this is what the trade did last night in Toronto:  GOOD MOVE: The Raptors sure seem to be pleased with the huge roster move that sent Rudy Gay, Quincy Acy and Aaron Gray to the Sacramento Kings for Vasquez, John Salmons, Chuck Hayes and Patrick Patterson. Hayes did not play, but the other three contributed 26 points, seven rebounds, eight assists and only one turnover in 63 combined minutes of action.   LOL...And they have won three  out of four since the Rudy boot and won two in a row (convincingly) with the Kings trades,,,lol,,,,, the coach loves turtle slow Vasquez running of the team, actually as soon as Lowry is traded  he will be the starter, also likes Patterson, Funny how the slow thing is not a big deal on defense when the inside defense is strong. I remember last time they played the Suns it was all blamed on Vasquez because they had the big game now with the speedy Thomas here is what happened:  Goran Dragic and Eric Bledsoe had 67 points and 11 assists. Maybe the problem is elsewhere. Like coaching.
Ravi Mahalingam::Rumors are flying that Jeremy Lin could be traded soon. After this loss to Sacramento, Daryl Morey may reconsider and put Beverley into the deal instead.  Since Beverley started playing the bulk of the minutes at the PG spot (9 games since Lin's knee injury), he has scored in double figures just 3 times, shot over 40% just once, and has averaged more fouls than assists. I don't believe he has had more points and assists than any of his PG counterparts.  He has been outplayed by Tony Parker, Eric Bledsoe, Trey Burke, Isaiah Thomas and Steph Curry (once).  He arguably played well against Damian Lillard but not statistically. In last year's playoffs, Beverley was outplayed by OKC backup PG Reggie Jackson in 3 of 4 games (again following a Lin injury).  Unloading Lin at this time would be a critical mistake by the Rockets.
Nbafan Nbafan::Trade Lin away if they don't value him after all the hard work he puts in during summer.  I am sure someone will.
Pinggoy Resma::crazy rocket's coach. doesn't know how to play them.
Steven Christian Shaw::they are 16-8
Pinggoy Resma::it wont last long. that winning rate will go down. he kept on experimenting he's line up. he's not sure who he wants to play.
Selang Tjhin::I agree with you, and now they want trade Lin
Meth Phouthavone::This team sucks without Lin
Marcleen Bavogui::rockets will lose to rudy gay
John Martin::Rockets had a nice game against the Warriors now they blow one to the Kings.  Second tier western conference team.  One and done in the playoffs.
Karl Heu::Houston is not a championship contender.....2nd round team at best
Matthew L Smith::i found the headline "Gay Cousins lead Sac to victory" really quite funny.
Kirk Knutsen::You're clearly very easy to entertain.
Steven Christian Shaw::really hope the Kings make the playoffs so that the cavs get that draft pick.
Marcleen Bavogui::this isnt 2k14 the kings are not making the playoff.. rudy doesnt make them a playoffs.. and how many draft picks does cleveland need to make the playoffs smh
Steven Christian Shaw::Marcleen Bavogui I said Hope.  I know they won't make the playoffs.  And the cavs are in the 9th spot right now and with the east as weak as it always is it doesn't take much.  Even thou this IS the year teams should tank according to all the ESPN anti-tank writers who are now writing about WHY teams should tank smh.
Karl Heu::You make the Rhyme....."WHEN LIN SITS, this team is s---"
John Yoo::sleeping.
Chad Wiggins::HOWARD THE ULTIMATE COWARD IN B***** MODE...
Keith Dennis::Kings win,,, imagine that
Ernest Bagdasaryan::2 great passes by gay in the last minute. !
Van Gibson::D Howard is successful in life..sounds like Lebron back in 2011 when he said"it doesnt matter what people say about me,they have to go back to their lives and deal with their problems..lame. You guys could have made up for his 17 pt average collectively..Asik is going to give you defense heart and toughness. Your going to regret getting rid of Asik..you can teach a guy how to become better offensively..look at Deandre Jordan.you cant teach toughness,or the drive to do whatever that needs to be done to become a champ.that Orlando team that went to the finals was very good team.The managed to win ONE GAME. Howard played like somebody that was happy to be there, not to win.Howard is an average overpaid center period.good luck
Pete Beamer::Pretty much.
Van Gibson::I think Rashard Lewis,Hedo , Ryan Anderso, and Jemeer Nelson would disagree with you on that one...why would you compare him to any of the great centers, especially to Shaq? I agree that the league is perimeter dominated but the last few champions had a inside presence,Lakers,Spurs,Boston,Dallas,06 miami heat, now when you have Lebron and Dwade on the wings much like Jordan and Pippen you dont need a dominant presence inside. What he brings to the table is average that's all i saying, if he had that stuff they would go to him more and he would be dropping 23,,24 a night like Shaq was...actually Shaq was dropping 28 a night,around 25 with Miami at age 34.
Pete Beamer::Van Gibson ....is this for me?  Who are you responding to?
