Forkitout24::Still hate the SPURS and LAKERS. I do like the MAVS
Raidersyeahthatsright::Who cares?
graceduke36::PLEASE SUNS TRADE NASH AND HILL  grant hill is a former duke player and does not deserve to be on such a terrible team
Antiquity001::Suns need to do Nash a favor and trade him.
Vaquero In The House::You must not have heard the interview with Nash?  He stated he wanted to remain in Phoenix &amp; finish out his career as a Sun.
gerald_5::bulls over okc in 6= bulls 2012 champs
ShowMeStateSniper::Do the Spurs ever have to play road games anymore? 9-0 looks deceiving when they are 0-4 away from home.  I can't wait to see how they do on their 9 game road trip coming up.
Vaquero In The House::An idiot answering his own question!  That's a new one......
mixtape360::Never thought I would say that I'm glad I drafted Gortat on my fantasy team. For a final pick he's damn legit!
LeBronIsNumBerOne::I would've made easy money if I bet on this. I knew the Spurs were going to win
BigDSports21::Spurs are still second to the Mavs in Texas.
Raidersyeahthatsright::Except for the standings, championships, team character, ownership, class.......
OPMILE24::one championship and you think your great...$@%! you know Duncan is and always will be better than dirk
Vaquero In The House::According to who?  You?  I'd go look at the trophy cases of both teams &amp; let that be the deciding factor.
CandySparker::I like Super Duncan.
VickTheGlitch::Spurs haven't lost at home, and haven't won away.. lol
Dr_Evil_813::Easy win...NEXT!  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
JOE CARLS::SUNS fans we need to start stockpiling draft picks and HOPEFULLY have a shot at a top ten pick and one somewhere in the teens!! Micheal Kidd Gilchrist and Tony Wroten jr would be a great draft in my eyes!!!!BRING ON THE DRAFT!!
mcase94::yo
mcase94::michael redd needs to find his game, dude used to light it up in MIL
Jthizz69::lol, Spurs haven't won on the road nor have they lost at home. Sounds like a first round exit again to me, but credit to the Spurs for the win, you guys are winning without your best player. And yes, Manu is their best player. Doesn't show up in the stats cuz he doesn't care about stats.
bballjohn259::Manu's injury may be a blessing in disguise. Get these rookies a lot of experience b4 playoffs!
bballjohn259::Nash and Duncan are seemingly ageless with that performance. I'd love to see Nash and Duncan on the same team.
IkeMSU::Shannon Brown is a great player and he actually hustles. He is not a cherry picker like lots of nba players these days.
JOE CARLS::Shannon Brown is TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! He is shooting a whopping 34% from the field on the year, He played ok tonight but im sorry Brown SUCKS  , and yes im a Suns fan saying that
NOVABuffalo::Spurs 6-2 since Manu got hurt .... better than expected.  Need to get a road win.
OPMILE24::it starts in  Miami
fred3609::im Likeing me some Kawhi Leonard 12pts 8Rebounds 1ST 1BS 1AST And he Only 20 Years Old Go Spurs Go!!!!
JOE CARLS::im a Suns fan but Leonard looks pretty good for sure!
glstreet1974::Well, good night. Great sports weekend. 49ers won. Spurs won. Giants Won. Looking forward to championship Sunday!
glstreet1974::Spurs did what they had to do tonight. Will be tough for them on road trip. Just try to hang in there till Manu returns and just STAY HEALTHY. Please!
Knine74::How's does that over not hit. Needed 9 points with 3:43 to go and a close game! I had people with no passion, you get paid well...... Compete you losers
Kuddish::I had first half under and these guys couldn't stop scoring inside the last 4 minutes of each quarter. Luckily they didn't make anything in the first 8. I could not believe the over did not hit in the 2nd half. I didn't touch it, but I can feel your pain. I saw the game 85-92 with 5+ left. I thought for sure it would because the game was close.   What amazes me is that you will see the next game where a team is down 11 start fouling with 30 seconds left trying to win.   NBA is fixed! Fix was to make sure the game went under.
playinaround2::Next to the definition of "problem gambler" there's a picture of somebody betting the over on a Spurs game.
Knine74::Dude, say what u want......4 points in 4 minutes. I'd bet that will happen less than 2 times all year. You'd be pissed too. These clowns quit
glstreet1974::yep
sandsbum::stop gambling bro
Spurzoffury::Suns made a game of it, good practice for the Heat! Thanks Phoenix!
BALABILA::Suns with 1 Fg in the last 4 mins 30 of the 4th...  They are making a habit of this....
Spursdc::This is pretty much what we expected
Forkitout24::I'M out. night
jizzle779::late
glstreet1974::gn rilla!
Knine74::You gutless b astards. No heart p ussies. I hope your planes crashes!
Spurzoffury::Wow, don't hold back, tell us how you really feel about tonight's game!
jizzle779::spurs fans let me know....what happened to james anderson today?
jizzle779::you figure he would play given gary neal, ginoboli and tj ford are injured.
Txboy12345::That is a interesting question, I never heard his name during the game.
jizzle779::he didn't even play did he?  is he in pop's dog house for something or is he injured?
Always going hard::HE IS BEAST
Spursdc::Wow. Forgot all about him
Spurzoffury::Who?
stat3250::Trade Help!   I get: Kevin Love, James Harden, Chris Kaman, John Wall and Chauncey Billups.  I give up: Kevin Durant, Wes Matthews, TIm Duncan, Brandon Jennings and Kawhi Leonard.
Mr Ntense::keep them
stat3250::Why mrntense?
cwa16547::When in doubt, keep what ya got.  I really can't help ya there.
stat3250::I know it's really though. LOL As of right now Love is killing KD in stats but KD brings a lot of intangibles that Love cannot cover.
cwa16547::If I had what you had before the offer, no.  But it's a tough one.
stat3250::But would you personally accept the trade cwa?
Spurzoffury::A lot closer than earlier!
Spursdc::Vernon Davis is selfish
Spursdc::nice
glstreet1974::Yeah, he didn't want to give that ball up did he? On towards the chanpionship!
MetsNLChamps2012::I hate the f'n suns... how can not hit a straight away 3 wide open?
cwa16547::Could you?  Every time?
Spurzoffury::Curious George is on to Miami!
glstreet1974::Yeah, he and his four rings will be down to South beach.
jizzle779::as a spurs fan, i'll always respect nash.  people can question his defense but you can't question the way he plays the game.  great, great player.  and has the character to stay with his team.
cwa16547::Solid win guys.  Chea!
Spurzoffury::On to Miami, kill the Heat!
MatthewCornwell::How in the world is a 38 year old Nash going 13 ppg and 10 apg while shooting over .500 with this pathetic surrounding him?  So much for the "product of  the system" bologna.
MetsNLChamps2012::I lost 500 bucks on these bums... couldnt even shoot at the end?
iteeup1::ok. that was pretty funny.
1719719719::A mets fan not used to disappointment that's new.
glstreet1974::Same ole Suns! GG
Spursdc::Grant Hill looking pasty/ashy
Phanjaynineone::UNDERRRRRRRR!
nogicat3::thats all good game Spurs fans bye everyone
blackshirtsscary::Nash injured with bulls coming up next i just hope we don gett imbarrassed
BanTheMartian24::i hope you can put sentences together and spell lol
arizonasting001::Nash hurt.. not a god sign at all.
eaglesfan1723::Yes under under under!!!!!
Spurzoffury::Good effort by the Suns!
glstreet1974::GG Suns. Love Nash and Hill and that is no wait, love Justin and Gibby and....:)
nogicat3::haha
Eg214::Looks like suns wont be making the playoffs 2 years in a row
blackshirtsscary::suns need some shooters and cant even get an offensive rebound makes me sick to my stomach why would we trade amare last year :(
