TresMilagro::Lakers were REAL lucky not to lose this one as Cats put up about 8 last shot attempts. Lake Show is really something to watch now, as in pathetic. lmao
kevinj1264::Coach is the reason for the failure, he cannot manage the teams minutes and handle the big men the way he is supposed to.  This is why phoenix never won anything, sure they can run up 130 points a night, but nothing about defense, he did the same thing in NY, mismanaging Amare &amp; Chandler, putting Melo in the wrong spots.    If they wanted to be successful they should of hired Phil and not this clown.   Too late now, a 8 or 9 seed at best.  Mediocre expectations for a bunch of All Stars
rjboi305::blaming the coach again smh
Jaythisandjaythat::Coach sucks. He can't play an 8 man roster with 2 of the reserves being Duhon and Morris. When Nash comes back, you gonna not play Hill, Ebanks, Jamison? Are you kidding? You have to put at least Ebanks and Hill on the floor for energy and defense... Jamison for 3 point shooting. Poor Lakers. I hope they are paying attention to what OKC and the Clippers are doing...
ALLforthelulz::100 points and 21 O rebounds for the bobcats? comeon now. Kobe continues to carry. where you at Pau? ron? IDC who the coach is Artest is on this team and getting minutes for his D. show up
tlarson85::People gonna talk about whether or not the Lakers are struggling because of the amount of shots that Kobe's taking.  Fact is, most of the time, he's taking as many shots as he is because he's the only one making shots and keeping them in games!  It doesn't look like he's forcing things (any more than usual), and while Gasol is out/struggling and Nash is out, this team simply doesn't have the pieces to dominate like people are expecting them to.  Once everyone is healthy and the team has a chance to really play together and develop their chemistry, then we can judge the Lakers.  And I bet once that happens, we'll see the Lakers not only in the playoffs, but doing well in the playoffs, getting to at least the 2nd round.  And it's not championship or bust this year- that's next year, Kobe's last year.  They will re-sign Dwight because no other team will be able to offer him what the Lakers can, financially AND notoriety.
RAMBO0735::Lol struggling with the bobcats and were or maybe are favorites for the nba title pffttt child please!!!!
kunmingfling::Dec. 19 podcast: listen to Colin Cowherd's admiration of Kobe's longevity compared to MJ:  http://espn.go.com/espnradio/play?id=8762883
flip tide...::are we talking about in bed?  (i couldnt bother to listen to any longass podcast)
Pawel4737::Win is a win
The Injured Mamba::I agree with the the article.....too much Mamba is bad for the team.
Pawel4737::He playing good
obamaagainin2012::lol lakers acted liked they won a championship
Not Chris Moses::Joeseph...I know Laker fans believe the world revolves around them but this is an article on the ESPN NBA page not a Laker web page.  The biggest way to identify that this is NOT a Laker web page is there is no toothfairy, unicorns, easter bunny and the Lakers are 12-14 not 26-0.
elibird54321::I've seen the Lakers win 11 Championships and no they did not act like they won another one. Obviously your little sad team hasn't won one before or not very many, so you have nothing or anything in recent memory to base what winning a championship looks like
rjboi305::damn 11? u must be old as fck
Josephs5921::well said...there are many haters....funny part is that theyre always on the lakers page commenting instead of being on their own teams page...real sad
Not Chris Moses::Best Picture Ever!!!!!!!  Write your own caption contest...and go.......  "Pau and Kobe's experiment with Krazy Glue went horribely wrong" "The Lakers have signed the first Conjoined Twins to clog up the paint"
Not Chris Moses::Knock, knock?
RZye::Do you ever get discouraged, when all your "jokes" fall flat?
Not Chris Moses::"Yeah Pau I hear it!  I hear the ocean in your ear now grab a freaking rebound!"
Not Chris Moses::“What started out as a Bromance blossomed into something beautiful”
ohio herd::Once Nash gets back things are going to get better. No more of this stuff of barely beating bottom dwellers.
cleckleyf::ugly win but a win is a win as long as it goes in the W column im ok with it but we need to do better.
vicmo25::Shaq was in Good Burger
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::I have an idea, how about the laker fans just be happy with the four all stars they have on their team, and see how the season works it. This is is the nba where refs can carry you to a championship you know.
ShillJackson::we are the borg....
-LOS LAKERS::Trolling is like a virus, there's no cure for it.
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::I have a better idea, how about you stop trolling?
gordontrue::Is it just me or does it look like Kobe is about to get breast fed from Pau in that pic
lifan36::I just hope Nash is good enough to give us 10 pt and 10 assist when he comes back. If he can do that we'll be alot better then now since our PGs sucks bad.
-LOS LAKERS::It's not his ball playing, it's his off the court antics &amp; locker room cancer personality that worries me.
ReaLNeSs-::He will know his place just like other hot heads coming in (artest/Barnes)
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::He's good for that. I agree, our backup pg's are bad. They should sign Delonte West right now.
lifan36::I'd take a chance on Delonte for the minimum.  Can't be worse then Duhon, Morris or Ebanks.
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::Delonte can ball though. He's an excellent defender, something we need around here
-LOS LAKERS::Delonte West.... No, thanks. Lakers already have a looney tune player in MWP.
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::Gasol for Taj Gibson and Luol Deng?
ReaLNeSs-::I bet they would take Pau and Jordan hill for deng and Gibson
Defy Shady::The bulls arent known for player defense there known for team defense.
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::this is not true all the way, bulls are much worst on defense when boozer is in compared to gipson, even last year the defense was so much worse when korver was in compared to brewer, the players make just as much of an impact as do the system
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::please gasol is a shell of himself on offense, and his defense especially on pick and rolls is terrible, while gipson and deng play great defense and bring it every night, chicago would laugh at this offer
lifan36::Gasol is still good enough to give you 17 and 9 as a second option.  I think  you are underrating him.
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::The fact that they even took Boozer in the first place means they can be bamboozled LOL
Defy Shady::Boozer coming off the bench Gasol &amp; Noah would be really nice together
lifan36::I dont really want Boozer.  No defense.
Defy Shady::Love it ! lol
lifan36::hm.. that might work.  Need a filler cause Gasol make more then those guys combined.
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::why would chicago do that
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::Why not? They wanna build around Rose and Noah, not Gibson and Deng
lifan36::I think Gasol would have a very positive impact to the Bulls.
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::Gasol for Aldridge straight up! No way Portland takes that though LOL
lifan36::Doubt Portland would do that.
numb1lakefanespn::the best trade tho would be for milsap id say he's number 1 on mitches list
numb1lakefanespn::milsap is versatile tho
lakers2013champzsss::i think with dantonis system they dont want 2 bigs, just 1 big and 4 wings
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::Pretty much. That's why it was a train-wreck when Shaq played for Phoenix
numb1lakefanespn::can we land milsap
lakers2013champzsss::xmas list
lakers2013champzsss::i like milsap always, hes a beast
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::I've always liked Milsap, dude is a beast. A little undersized but he brings it every night. I wanted the Lakers to go after him when They traded Gasol and Odom to get CP3 last year for 5 minutes LOL
numb1lakefanespn::gasol for tyreke evans would be nice
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::I don't know if I wanna give them a frontcourt of Gasol and Cousins. we have to face those guys 4 times a year
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::If they can find a way to involve Jason Thompson or Marcus Thornton, I would be on board with it
Defy Shady::but are lineup would be 3x better?  Lakers get T.Rob amazing pf the one who dunked on dwight? Hes explosive &amp; defends very good. Tyreke evans would be a nice fit with L.A &amp; John Salmons plays smart &amp; defends very tough.
Defy Shady::I posted that yesterday but kings would have to give us 2 more players to match contract i said T.Rob &amp; John salmons
Defy Shady::What about another trade: Lakers, Wolves, Utah  Lakers get Pekovic,Millsap,AK47,Barea Utah gets Derrick Williams, Earl Clark,Blake Minn gets Gasol, Antawn, Raja Bell, Duhon  Just a suggestion ?
FuzzySchWartzZ::Minny doesnt want old man Gasol or the three other non-European players.
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::Utah definitely getting the short end of the stick LOL. Not bad though
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::In that case, everybody's happy. Good idea
Defy Shady::Utah wants Derrick Williams tho they are only giving up Millsap &amp; Raja Bells Contract. They get D Will, Earl Clarks expiring contract and blake cheap contract?
lakers2013champzsss::lol"juries irving" i remember that
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::Here's another Gasol trade I wouldn't mind happening:  Gasol to Denver for Wilson Chandler and Anthony Randolph. I really like Chandler's game and I think Randolph can be a Lamar Odom type of player in this offense.
Defy Shady::really because u have to remember money has to match too i like your thinking lol.
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::Yeah, thats true. It's hard to find a decent trade that matches up with Gasol's massive 19 mil. contract
Defy Shady::Not unless you throw another play in there maybe ill like it then. Wilson hasnt proven anything yet &amp; anthony needs alot more work. But not a bad suggestion tho
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::Yeah, maybe Andre Miller but that would be getting pretty greedy lol
Juries Irving::Man, if Dwight leaves LA in free agency, itd sure be nice to have Pekovic on our roster to fill in for him.
lakers2013champzsss::liked for the username lol
Defy Shady::guys a monster! 290 all muscle ! lol
Defy Shady::Sarcasm ? lol
Juries Irving::not really. i really like pekovic. that guy is fuc.kin jacked lol
Defy Shady::After the bottom trade i just posted after that if Lakers still sign Delonte West i think we would be set.  Nash Kobe Ak47 Mwp Dwight  Barea/Duhon Meeks/West Derrick Williams/Ebanks Antawn/Earl Clark Pekovic/Sacre  Not bad at all
Juries Irving::then they could spin pekovic for a better 4 man. people say he cant play the 4 position and he wouldnt get many minutes with dwight being in charge of the 5. plus pekovic this past week at least has looked amazing. someone would give up a decent 4 for him.
Defy Shady::Actually even if dwight was at the 5 Pekovic would still get mins because we only have dwight, pekovic &amp; sacre left if this trade went thru but yeah like you said i would like to see him at the 4 him and dwight would be beast down there.
Defy Shady::He actually did pretty good yesterday at the PF position, I would only put him in the PF if other teams like Heat,Knicks put LeBron or Melo at the 4 if we go big id put Antawn at the 4.
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::If Kirilenko was the player he was 5 years ago in Utah, I would be on board with this. No way Metta can play PF though.
Defy Shady::BTW Ak47 is having a fantastic year about 15 ppg 7 rebounds shooting very well beyond the 3, great slasher just what we need.
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::The Lakers need to reach out to Atlanta and Chicago for a 3 team trade:  The Lakers get Josh Smith The Bulls get Gasol The Hawks get Boozer and a 1st round pick from the Bulls
jaydubespn::No chance.  The Hawks want Dwight next year in free agency.  The best case scenario is that Dwight stays nice and miserable in LA for now.  This blows their capspace AND sends Dwight's BFF to Los Angeles.  That is the worst possible outcome for them.
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::I guess we'll see how it plays out. I would love it if Dwight commits long term, but I would take Horford in that scenario. Will Atlanta panick and try to move Josh before the trade deadline out of fear of him walking this summer? Will they wait and see? Who knows.
jaydubespn::^Honestly, unless Dwight extends in LA, my guess is that Atlanta offers Horford to the Lakers in exchange for sign-and-trading Dwight.  If that happens, they'll re-sign Josh and keep him.
The Glove Gary Simpson OJ Payton::I guess that makes sense, but what will they do with Horford? Seems like they wanna build around him instead of Smith.
Defy Shady::I doubt hawks would want boozer there but the 1st round pick might make it tasty for them tho.
Juries Irving::that actually seems pretty smart.
ICE3339::so Dantoni isn't even using Hill or Jamison? 2 of our top free agent signings? great
jaydubespn::That's what happens when you change coaches 5 games into the season.
Defy Shady::Lakers Lineup Nash Kobe Ak47 Derrick Williams Dwight  Barea Meeks MWP Antawn Pekovic  not bad not bad at all
Juries Irving::id be happy with that. from an offensive standpoint, the starters dont look great with gasol gone. but AK is can definitely do some things. And Metta, well, he'd prob be the only offensive liability in the starting lineup. But all those starters play good defense, except Nash. And then having Barea being the creator, Meeks the shooter, and DWill the explosive one off the bench. Think that would be deadly
Defy Shady::What about  Nash Kobe AK47 MWP Dwight  Since Mike D was playing mwp at the 4 yesterday?
Juries Irving::ha
flip tide...::4 of those guys play too much defense to  survive under Dontany's system
Juries Irving::personally wouldnt have derrick williams starting. prob have ak at stretch 4 and metta at 3. williams i think would be good energy guy off the bench
Defy Shady::Lakers &amp; Wolves trade  Lakers get AK47, Derrick Williams, J.J Barea, Pekovic Wolves get Gasol, Jordan Hill, Earl Clark, Blake
Defy Shady::^ thats right forgot about that lol
Defy Shady::The lakers would have more then 15 players someone is going to have to take 2 extra players from us.
jaydubespn::You can't stash guys in the D-league any more.  The new CBA disallowed that.  You can cut them if you don't want them, though.
Rodneycash20122012::D league em'
Dane Kitazaki::well then, no trade eh?
Defy Shady::We dont oh thought we did so the trade would basically be like this Wolves get Jordan Hill &amp; Gasol Lakers get AK47, D Williams, Pekovic, Barea ?
Juries Irving::yeah. i love that trade personally. the argument against it is pekovic cant play 4. but i would still do it. ak47 or dwill could be our 4 (not crazy bout dwill starting tho), and we could flip pekovic to another team for more talent at the 4 or our bench. his value is skyrocketing with his play this last week and gasol, well hes gettin old and while still a good player hes diminishing
Juries Irving::we dont need to give up clark or blake. i worked out the same thrade withoutb those 2
Juries Irving::dont think wolves would take on 5 mil in salaries for players they dont need
sutherlacd27::might not need to by why not get rid of them?
Defy Shady::well gotta remember money wise to unless they want Duhon.
JCDish::Talk about a shake up. By the way, why would the TWolves even think of trading for Steve Blake. Trade for Pau, but leave Steve Blake where he is, don't need him.
mstall1875::The Lakers are going to have to pick up Lisa Leslie in the off season.
Dane Kitazaki::brittney griner
Rodneycash20122012::she can be the ball bi*tch
ESPN.com is my imagination::<b> bball would be so muched fun if they reduced the games to 63</b>
CubicleJoe::or even 50
flip tide...::16, and its called the playoffs
ESPN.com is my imagination::<b> NFL 4 LYFE</b>
sutherlacd27::trade hill and jamison if mwp is going off the bench at pf now.
ReaLNeSs-::Hill and Jamison for varejo?
Yungdubz27::You could probably get somebody for Hill....not Jamison though
jharried9::kobe dun went CRAZY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Juries Irving::Timberwolves big 3 will be the best in the game next year.
Juries Irving::rubio, love, pekovic!!! ftw
jharried9::NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
numb1lakefanespn::gasol and his blanky
jaydubespn::I'm not even 100% sure who their "big third" is, but no.
numb1lakefanespn::please take gasol asap
uncallday252::The lakers won last night, but against the Bobcats the worst team in the NBA, and everybody thinks this is the start of something. Please
ChrisLA2010::haha lakers barely beat the bobcats; meh, unimpressive, lakers suck anyways            we beat the pistons by like 30, meh, unimpressive, pistons suck anyways  ahhahaha you haters, so silly. there really is no impressing you guys huh???
KOBE30000PTSBRYANT::Nope just you
numb1lakefanespn::this is hot lyrics "I never once stated that I hate America. So get that thought up and outta your head mang...more User ID:http://sportsnation.espn.go.com/fans/sr.%20smokith
Rajon-tripledouble-Hondo::lakers suck
jharried9::NO THEY DONT
jaydubespn::It's like watching Noel Coward and Oscar Wilde debate.
KOBE30000PTSBRYANT::Coming from a Celtic fan woooooooooow
Kokriderz::Rajon-tripledouble-Hondo - My name has nothing to do with rondo dumba#s  Has more to do with Boston's mayor Thomas Menino
KOBE30000PTSBRYANT::Okay Rajon
Rajon-tripledouble-Hondo::My name has nothing to do with rondo dumba#s
KOBE30000PTSBRYANT::When you created a Rondo screen name
Rajon-tripledouble-Hondo::When did I say I was a celtics fan lol
Juries Irving::YOU suck.
Kokriderz::you both are right.
numb1lakefanespn::hottest lyrics ive heard all day "Haters are mad cause their teams are trash and can't bring the hardware home...more User ID:http://sportsnation.espn.go.com/fans/numb1lakefanespn
KOBE30000PTSBRYANT::Gasol &gt; Your teams PF
ReaLNeSs-::I take that If I'm the heat
CubicleJoe::TRADE KOBE DWIGHT AND D'ANTONI FOR LEBRON AND WATCH PAU, LEBRON AND NASH WIN MULTIPLE TITLEZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Kokriderz::Right and he is better than the PF on my team.  The Lakers PF Pau Gasol.
Kokriderz::Marc Gasol is a pretty good player.
KOBE30000PTSBRYANT::He play C foo
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Agreed, and Pau was really good several years ago.  He's not bad now, just not what he once was.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Gasol isn't even close.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::It's a little ove 45% actually, try again.  Plus are you really comparing a wing jumpshooter to a post player in terms of FG%?  The hate is strong with this one...  http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/b/bryanko01.html
KOBE30000PTSBRYANT::I would hope a player playing that close to the basket would average over 50%...
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Is doesn't happen that often and he shot around 42% which is not good and ironically it's Kobe career regular season average.  Duncan shoots over 50.0% for is career and playoffs.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Beastly. Still lost??  I figured it was Duncan because of your finals mvp comments, but just couldnt believe he could still score 31.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Tim Duncan but the Spurs still lost.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Whoa, who put up that stat line?
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::The guy with more finals MVPs than your whole roster who put up 31-18-6-5 last night.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::To whom?
stairwell13::In honor of Kobe's playing ability, McDonald's is adding the Kobe turnover to its list of pies.
stairwell13::Howard is an extremely lame and small version of Shaq.
CubicleJoe::shaq is a goofball who could have been way better, but i do enjoy him hassling howard.
CubicleJoe::DodgersLakersUberAlles - They are both goofballs who wont (didnt) reach their peak. At least Dwight takes care of his body in the offseason...  ========= at least dwight takes care of himself, period.  shaq was enormous the last 8 years or so, about 50 lbs too heavy.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::They are both goofballs who wont (didnt) reach their peak.   At least Dwight takes care of his body in the offseason...
Juries Irving::howard offers nothing shaq did
stairwell13::thank you kobe for my house  -the third little pig
Juries Irving::$@%! it, if Lakers ain't getting Pecovic, I'm becoming a Wolves fan
Juries Irving::2nd year in the league and hes been crushin it.
Juries Irving::hes the future bro
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Thats interesting that it "feels" like that to you. That diminished Pau is beating him in ever category (besides ppg) in one of his worst years with the lakers.   This is why mitch is GM and not a 15 year old.
Juries Irving::it just seems to me that pau is very limited in production. hes not gonna put up 30 points ever. its hard enough for him to get 20. feel like hes diminishing
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Looks pretty average to me. His career is young though.  I'm guessing you're pretyt young too. Pau is proven. Helped get us 2 chips.  Cant gamble away a guy like that.
CubicleJoe::DON'T TASE ME, BRO!
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Dude, why you all over that guys sack??  10ppg and 5rpg??  Edit - 15 and 8 this year. Not that bad. But the only way we get his is giving Pau and he's not on Pau's level.
ToniK24::It's a little frustrating when as soon as Pau returns, you can instantly see the connection between him and Kobe and how Pau properly rolls to the basket after setting a pick. Often times Dwight will set a good screen but he rolls to the basket looking up for pass over his head (he's stated he prefers a lob over a bounce pass) when there's too much traffic, and often times there's no room to make a play for Dwight. This is partly a chemistry issue and partly Dwight not knowing how to roll to the basket with Kobe after the screen is set. Hopefully Dwight will eventually catch on.
CubicleJoe::pau is a better player, dwight's flashier and more explosive.  fool's gold unless he decides to mature and really concentrate.
ToniK24::True. And I know Dwight's personality and care-free way will eventually hit a boiling point for Kobe.   What people don't really comprehend is that Kobe brings it all, at least offensively, every game. And if you match his drive and competitive nature, a la Jodie Meeks, then he will consistently look for you. He's done it at every point of his career. Did it with Shaq and Pau. Dwight needs to understand this and not get in a $@%!$@ mood when he's half-assing his way to the basket after setting a screen or when given the ball in the post. And that's the other frustrating thing, every time he tries to set up in the post, he eventually goes out 15 feet from the basket and tries a very predictable move or tries to pull a Duncan and hit a bank shot from the corner post. Very frustrating player.
CubicleJoe::DodgersLakersUberAlles - Plus Pau has been know to get bullied sometimes...  ====== he ain't a bruiser, that's true.  he brings a lot more to the table though, and he's tough enough.  can't go 18/10 for your career and be soft.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Plus Pau has been know to get bullied sometimes...
Kokriderz::He just doesn't have the basic skill sets.  He get by on pure athleticism.
Sr. Smokith::Haters are mad cause their teams are trash and can't bring the hardware home. They love to see a great team fail. Middle finger to all you lames out their in the country!
Sr. Smokith::I never once stated that I hate America. So get that thought up and outta your head mang
CubicleJoe::USA! USA!
numb1lakefanespn::thats hot spit too ill....Haters are mad cause their teams are trash and can't bring the hardware home
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::As a Spurs fan we've been pretty successful and I'm glad we don't attract many bandwagon Spurs fans.
CubicleJoe::Sr. Smokith - Yeah my LAKERS winning it bunch the past 13 years your team was winning it all when my team wasn't. Spurs fans do have class. Not like the rest of the lames in our country  ========= WHY DO YOU HATE AMERICA?
CubicleJoe::the spurs are my favorite organization in the league, but the threads are slow. for my money, duncan is the best of his generation.
Sr. Smokith::Yeah my LAKERS winning it bunch the past 13 years your team was winning it all when my team wasn't. Spurs fans do have class. Not like the rest of the lames in our country
DodgersLakersUberAlles::I'm not sure why either. Your guy's org is awesome.   I think you're players (although great) just dont have enough personality to be the kind of huge stars the the media flocks to.
Sr. Smokith::Stop talking like a redneck and talk like a person that lives in the 21st century. LAME!
CubicleJoe::I'M A CITY BOY.  MORE CAPS.
CubicleJoe::quit yer bellyaching.  "lames"?    ok, grampaw.
Juries Irving::lolz trollz
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Lakers vs Clippers in WCF and Nets vs Knicks in ECF would be a media frenzy!!!   I know, off topic.
Kokriderz::They should combined both teams and just have LA vs NY.  Now that would be a NBA finals matchup.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::That would be a cool fundraiser as an exhibition game in the offseason if nothing else.  I'd pay to see that.
socialsatyr11::ESPN news is reporting that the Lakers are interesting in acquiring Ramon Sessions - oops!
