CosmoKramer1444::The Grizzlies have no depth up front.
BowFlexTCTGP::Losing Arthur does blow.. But with cunningham &amp; now Haddadi returning that's all we need behind Marc &amp; Zach... Looks like we r gonna have a solid bench.. 3 deep at PG, 3 deep at SG &amp; 3 deep at SF!!
ministuk123::I was art both of The GRIZZLIES home games this season, and witnessed a BETTER basketball and fan base than ever before in our city. FINALLY the grizzlies found a solid backup pointguard and even Selby could be our backup. With Rudy back in the llineup the Grizz can BEAT ANYBODY IN THE NBA. Marc is the best center in the west and outplays Pau every night. Still the biggest cheer of the game was when HAMMED HADDADI EBTERED THE ARENA!!!!!!!!!!!
CANNON2016::Gasol also had 5 blocks and Zach had 3 steals.  Very impressive.  A lot of people will look past this young Memphis team again like they did last year.  They're a beast.  And now they even have Rudy Gay back whom some had forgotten about.  They got past the first round in the playoffs without him last year.  They can only get better with him now on the team.  He's a fantastic player.  I remember some sportscasters saying that Mark Gasol had the potential to actually be better than his brother Pau, and I thought they were crazy at first because I'm a big Pau fan.  But after watching Mark begin to mature, and slowly work his way into his present form, I'll be the first to admit, they may be right.
Doggrell13::Marc.    You're right though.
Blo_mo_mary_jane_den_peta_parka::Proud rockets fan here. You win some and you lose some. Good game Grizz!  Fellow rockets fans please stop acting surprised to see we are still drifting in mediocrity. No one understand most of the move DM makes. We don't get better with the 14th pick, Dleague pick ups, and wasted cap room. DM your job is on the line!
C92400::Best part of the game, the standing ovation for Hamed Haddadi.
ministuk123::haha i said that in my comment too. I actually was sitting by him :D
mtsufan22::Hey @rj10328. I was born in Houston and would pick Memphis over Houston any day! Don't be such a sore loser. Also don't talk smack about other peoples hometown. Especially when that town defined blues and rock n roll.
ryroll::o yeah and by the way please get rid of that picture... you look like a homosexual
ryroll::I pick Houston... better food, and don't even argue. Texas has the best food in the country
rj10328::well if it isn't mister Bendictan Arnold
ministuk123::Real talk @mtsufan22 People hate Memphis and our city, but we are slowly gaining respect because of players like Zach Randolph. Also thank you OJ Mayo for still playing hard after your team attempted to trade you multiple times
Cornwallis2010::Lowry not playing the fourth quarter for two nights in a row is messing with my fantasy team.
thememdude::Picking Lowry is messing with anyones fantasy team
NguyenDragon::Have you seen his stats?
acbasurto::Huge story. Only 200 comments. Glad I didnt watch. Must have been boring.
Chompster777::how the hell did the spurs lose to this $@%!$@ $@% houston team yesterday
C92400::Yes, we will be seeing a lot of 20 point games at the 1st part of the season.  It's going to happen for and against everybody.
NOVABuffalo::Rockets played well, Spurs shot poorly and played defense poorly.  The first 20 games of the season are going to be very strange.
natskivna::How the hell did you put your picture in sideways?
bc3228::Yes dude Yes
acbasurto::Old and crusty
Chompster777::nahh dude, nah
BowFlexTCTGP::Like what I saw out of Selby tonight.. Hes gonna be a beast.. Nice to know we have depth at PG now.. Can't wait for Henry &amp; Conley to get back.. O and Haddadi returning is a plus too
Jhe1125::that was the grizz from the playoffs
truhill3::Memphis blew out the Rockets, Rockets blew out the Spurs, Spurs blew out Memphis. End of story.
Titans Yemen::Great Comments , we will find out in the end of the season who's better.
rj10328::and paper beats rock and rock beats scissors and scissors beats paper
truhill3::YOU GET IT! Welcome to the NBA.
BowFlexTCTGP::And Memphis kicked the s.hit outta the spurs in the playoffs last yr turning them into a laughing stock.. One big circle of life lol
.Silky Johnston.::A Grizzlies fan bringing up the past? That's funny.
Bearsman10::I don't get it
royboy1978::Miami won two close games.  I can't wait for the day they lose.  The nerve of their fans and bandwagoners to think that they will go undefeated.  That $@%! aint happening.
Titans Yemen::The Rockets Fans  Crying tonight , on Sunday the Texans Fans will cry too. Go GRizz Go . Go titans Go.
Titans Yemen::payback time sunday.
clutchcityforlife::What do we have to cry about? Beating you kids 41-7?
rj10328::once upon a time when the titans didnt suck they were called the Houston Oilers...
BowFlexTCTGP::Hmm..Titans=1 AFC Championship.. Oilers=0.. Ya the titans r Houstons rejects all right lmao.. Best thing to ever happen to them was leaving Texas
rj10328::so talk about rejects...your football team is the definition my friend
Titans Yemen::They played the rams u forgot 1999 -2000  season?????
Adrianch01::Titans went to the Superbowl? When?
Titans Yemen::At least we went to the superbowl, Can you go all the way to the superbowl ????
rj10328::well at least we can cry with a fewmore trophies in our hand which we can say unlike you
Adrianch01::More like you guys will be crying when you guys don't reach the playoffs..
HTownRprsntr::the grizzlies beat the rockets...good for you guys, good for yall
BowFlexTCTGP::Screw the rockets fans.. Sorry y'all deserve every bit to be ridiculed after the way y'all trolled the Grizz playoff boards and talked s.hit during our playoff run last yr.. Y'all r a bunch of clowns..
Adrianch01::Amen Third, Never heard of him after that a.ss woopin' they got in there stadium!
Titans Yemen::The Rockets &amp; Texans Fans the biggest Trolling Fans in the histroy of all sports.
ThirdCoastTexan::HHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! says THE biggest titans troll ever...i saw you on every Texans board up until we whooped you 41-7 IN YOUR HOUSE!!! nice try though
ThirdCoastTexan::ya....real dignified
royboy1978::Grizz will have a tough game on Sunday.  Hopefully, we can get the W against the Bulls.
Titans Yemen::rj10328 &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; stop trolling in our board.
rj10328::the grizz are due for another 2 loss streak
royboy1978::You damn right about that!!!!
thememdude::The City of Memphis owes Rose a good $@% whoopin
thememdude::It's lonely in here without all the Houston fans talking smack
Bearsman10::Alright Grizzlies win a game, hopefully it continues
thememdude::Hats off to the Houston fans who stayed to take your medicine...good game and I hope you an injury free season
royboy1978::Whatever happened to just taking a loss like a real man?
royboy1978::I've taken the win with dignity.
Bearsman10::because men don't like to lose. General's losing battles, Politicians' losing elections, just to name a few
ThirdCoastTexan::whatever happened to winning with dignity?
HTownRprsntr::The grizzlies are about as relavent as the supersonics
forreaal_dawg::how can you say that when the grizz went to seven against the thunder last year.  what were the rockets doing then?
kimpler time::anything that doesn't have to do with elephants is irrelephant
BowFlexTCTGP::Rockets r about as relevant as a poopie flavored lollipop
thememdude::Well we beat you...and we can also spell relevant
clutchcityforlife::Lol you memphis fans can bash on us all you want but I mean what do you have to brag about? You've succeeded just as much as have in recent years, get over yourselves. Don't you dare bring up losing to OKC in 7, we lost in 7 to LA when they won their championship.
mtsufan22::we beat the lakers three out of 4 times last year...whats your point?
clutchcityforlife::Francis wasn't even on that team, and he wasn't a member of the "glory days". Try harder.
thememdude::Memories....and how many of those players and coaches do you still have?  The so called glory days of Stevie Franchise are long gone brutha
thememdude::Well just as I predicted the Houston trolls have slunk back under the bridge to hide....GO GRIZZ!!!  A blowout of Houston is always fun to watch.
thememdude::I feel sorry for Houston having to make a team out of other teams rejects...must be sad
CosmoKramer1444::They also love franchise success and two NBA titles. Congrats on your first playoff victory last year.
thememdude::That Kyle guy and Thabeet look familiar...didn't we cut them a few years ago?
BowFlexTCTGP::Ya they're the Memphis rejects we dumped off on Houston.. They love rejects lol
BowFlexTCTGP::Tonight was an example of the contenders &amp; the pretenders!! GO GRIZZ!!!! Gonna be contending all yr
BowFlexTCTGP::And yet this was only game #3 of the season.. Lol..
thememdude::LOL  I stand corrected...SOMEBODY SHIP DALLAS A CASE OF ENSURE STAT!
Adrianch01::...and yet your talking down on the Rockets..
Adrianch01::Thememdude, Dallas is, get your facts straight.
Adrianch01::Haha, you lost to the Spurs that we beat. I'm pretty sure you guys are the pretenders.
mtsufan22::We beat the spurs in the playoffs last year. Which I am sorry but counts more than a regular season game...especially one where the griz had players recovering form injuries. also it was the first game....talk smack at the end of the season.
BowFlexTCTGP::Who got beat down tonight????
rj10328::lastlast?? are you blind
thememdude::And yet you are dead last in the Southwest standings....think again
bamafan27-3::Why did Kevin Martin only play 25min?
whobebubba3::The man had 19 in the first half on 6 of 9 shooting.....Then only plays 6 min in the 2nd half. Some things just don't make sense......
bamafan27-3::He didnt play at all in the 4th quarter, and they were only down by like 13 at one point with 6min left or something like that.
bamafan27-3::correction, down 15 with 4:39 left
Rebelz14::foul trouble and the grizzlies finishing them off in the fourth quarter
Adrianch01::It was a blowout. Might as well rest our starters for the Hawks game tomorrow.
thememdude::Because he injured his vajayjay
thememdude::Because he injured his $@%!$@
BowFlexTCTGP::It's been real and it's been fun but it aint been real fun!!
clutchcityforlife::I hate to complain and I believe in "you play the schedule you're given" but 3 games in 3 nights?? wtffff yeah I dont hate Rockets for losing
royboy1978::Good effort Rocket fans.  GO GRIZZ GO!!!!!!
rj10328::Fu@!k yuo kevin mchale, you didnt put Thabeet in when we needed him. you sorry excuse for a coach
BowFlexTCTGP::Cuz the city of Houston is soooo glamorous??? Lol
rj10328::well the gold speaks for it self
rj10328::the only thing more sorry than the city of memphis is the grizzles trophy case
BowFlexTCTGP::Thabeet????? LMFAO
royboy1978::He actually did you a favor.  Thabeet sucks!!!!
zack40701::If Houston didnt suck and played in a blow out all the time  Lowry woulld be the best PG in fantasy.
Adrianch01::Resting him for tomorrow's game. Sucks to have 3 game straight..
BowFlexTCTGP::How far did the rockets go in the playoffs last yr??? O wait
Adrianch01::Aaron so you are a bandwagon team..That's even worse..
Aaron7065::Nope, family ties. Been a fan for life.
Adrianch01::We are going to break some Titans fans heart on Sunday.
Aaron7065::The Texans suck. Stop trying to start $@%!.  Congrats on losing to the colts and backing into the playoffs for the first time ever.
Aaron7065::I replied because Texans fans shouldn't pick on the poor Titans.
Aaron7065::Good thing we have a good O-line.  That would suck though.  Sorry we have one of the best QB's ever. Not our fault.
ThirdCoastTexan::take away brees for half the season and see how far your precious little saints get
ThirdCoastTexan::so why did you reply? my original comment was to a titans fan...
Aaron7065::Nice try, but I am a Saint's fan. Not everyone from Memphis is a Titans fan, moron.  Go ahead and brag now.  I am waiting...
ThirdCoastTexan::titans lost to the same colts you moron
ThirdCoastTexan::you sound just like a titans fan...o wait
BowFlexTCTGP::Texans fans have no room to talk football.. Win a playoff game first lmao
royboy1978::This is truly irritating.
royboy1978::Grizz burst the score board!!!!!!
royboy1978::Hang in there Grizz!!!!!!
TectonicPlatter::lol
royboy1978::Grizz are still allowing their opponents to make 3's while we aint making any of our own.  That has to be fixed on ASAP.
BowFlexTCTGP::They should bench the whole grizzlies team &amp; send the handicapped out there.. Make it a fair fight lol
Adrianch01::They should send your fatass out their to lose some weight.
Benjamayne::there not their u dummy
BowFlexTCTGP::Wow this is embarrassing for rockets fans.. Beatdown in MTown
Adrianch01::I could care less if the Rockets don't make the playoffs. The Rockets need one superstar and they can contend with anybody in the league.  The guys on the team are too young and need a big man like D-White..As for the Memphis, I can never see them even winning a championship. I'm pretty sure they can't even beat the Heat.
Aaron7065::I don't care what you think.  At this rate I cannot see the Rockets winning one again.
yosellindreams::Grizzlies have been in the league 10 years our time will come
Adrianch01::Aaron. Do you guys have anything in your team's trophy case? No. Memphis will never win a championship. They will still be in the shadows behind the Thunder, Spurs, Lakers, Nuggets, Mavs, and the Clippers.
Aaron7065::Do you actually believe that or do you just want the rockets to have some company behind the Thunder, Spurs, etc.  Y'all have the Hornets for that.  I remember the grizzlies beating one of those teams in the playoffs last year and taking another one to seven games.  How did the Rockets do in the playoffs last year? Oh wait...
Adrianch01::I'm a Grizzlies fan, Been in the basement my whole lifetime and still can't win a championship.
Aaron7065::What a sore loser. Good game. By the way, it has been almost two decades since the Rockets last championship.  That isn't anything to brag about.
Adrianch01::Bow, come back to me when the Grizzlies win a championship. O wait, they've been a loser their whole lifetime.
royboy1978::Grizzlies are still a young franchise.  Our time will come one day.
BowFlexTCTGP::I'm a rockets fan I live in the past I celebrate championships that have a Jordan retirement asterisk by them lol
royboy1978::Hopefully, the Titans can take care of business on Sunday as well against Houston (along with Cincy, Jets, and Raiders losing their games).
Adrianch01::Didn't you say along time ago that you were leaving because you had a life?
BowFlexTCTGP::Jus wanted to see y rockets fans love message boards so much.. Guess I wanted to be a loser tonight lol like the rockets fans
Man united fanforever::guys think this quater will be over 50?
Sobralll::houston = joke
ThirdCoastTexan::titans = joke
Adrianch01::Sobralll = joke
IamGraham2009::Flynn SUCKS
TexTex77::I concur
royboy1978::Grizz are definitely playing a lot better tonight. :)
headbanga90::Why the hell does Terrence Williams only have three min? Mchale wtf r u doing.let this dude off the leash.and for all u kevin martin haters.look at the boy work
bobbydagreat::Doesn't matter, it is literally impossible for any team to win when the game is called like this one.
BowFlexTCTGP::The refs had made a few questionable calls.. That went both ways.. Stop blaming the refs &amp; blame ur team for looking like @.ss tonight
BowFlexTCTGP::Maybe cuz ur team can't hang with the Grizz so they have to foul to keep up
BowFlexTCTGP::Please Kevin Martin is the biggest actor in the league outside of ginobili
Adrianch01::I think that last foul was another flop. No, that means your team is a better flopping team.
bobbydagreat::LOL that's one theory homer.
bobbydagreat::27-13, nuff said.
ronca19::memphis is the worst city in america. Everyone from it is a bad person. Go Rockets GO!
ronca19::responding to obvious flame bait shows how much of an idiot you are, the truly is redundant.
ronca19::lots of facts, read the papah
ronca19::not true
royboy1978::Liking your own posts shows how much of an idiot you truly are.
Aaron7065::I like how he backed up his opinion with solid facts.  Good job!
royboy1978::You sir are an idiot.
BowFlexTCTGP::Waaaa the refs waaaa.. Typical rockets excuse
bobbydagreat::LOL, you can be a homer about it all you like, but any unbiased person would acknowledge that this game has been called terribly.
thememdude::LOOKING GOOD HOUSTON!    Only down by 18 early in the third...a moral victory of sorts.
bobbydagreat::Down 18 with 16 less free throws, I wonder where that lead came from.
thememdude::shitey play by your scrub starters! lmao
bobbydagreat::Not hard to lead when the free throws are 25-11.....
bobbydagreat::Make that 27-11, this game is hilarious.
Benjamayne::not hard to lead when ur playing the rockets
