colbyastros5::I love how the only people here are people trashing Kobe and the Lakers. Insecure much?
TWex2120::"These young bloods dont realize that the game is all about bricks" -Uncle Kobe
Looks good on u tho::When are the Lakers going to change that Black Eyed Peas song they play right before tip off at home games???  I think they should change it to:  "I've got a Feeling......that tonight's going to.....  SUCK!"
vangundyfan12::Very creative....
Mambaholic 33::And all it takes is Kobrick for a box of donuts....PROBLEM FIXED!!!
numb1lakefanespn::cuban wants to trade dwight for dirk
numb1lakefanespn::Dirk to the lakers!!!!!!!!!
numb1lakefanespn::um yes that is possible
scottpilgrim33::Cuban has stated he's not trading Dirk. So no dice.
scottpilgrim33::pahahahahahhahahahahahahahah  um no
scottpilgrim33::The good thing bout this laker fans is that you can watch the Lakers for free on comedy central instead of paying for it on comcast sports net or nba league pass.
choate_sedition::What did Phil say, I would hate to coach Kobe when he's not Kobe anymore  I think we are close
LA Clipp Joint::at the end of the season can we rescind 2.85 Billion of our contract ? ... thanks !  - Time Warner Cable
LA Clipp Joint::what a waste ... (subtract this years coverage and that why I posted what I did)
linnyhero::It's three billion with a chance to go to five billion over 25 years
Mr Shortpants::The players can't play and the coach can't coach, but otherwise, they're fine.
JCDish::Just trade Pau already and mix up this Lakers roster with an athletic wing scorer. Nothing wrong with Pau, it's just that you can't continue having him come to the elbow to either shoot a jump shot or pass the ball when his game is down in the post, it's simple. Trade him and give him the chance to be a legit player on another team, right now he's not cutting it in D'Antoni's suped-up offensive scheme.
jhence31::Trade Dwight not Pau!
JCDish::Well the Gizzlies and the Cavs just got a trade done solely on Memphis needing to shed some cash and trading some legit players. How do you know the Lakers can't find a team that is willing to work up deal to trade up Pau, the right trade package could be around the corner, that's all it takes.
linnyhero::How many teams in the nba are raising their hands to help the lakers though. The league is loving what's happening to this organization right now every single night they are getting everyone's best shot because these teams want to add to the misery of the lakers organization, players, and fans.
linnyhero::That sounds good but honestly how much can they get for a power forward making twenty mill over the next two years shooting a career low of 43 percent and his scoring is down.
Kingkanyon12::Espn La- potential Love to Lakers, Lopez to Wolf's, Howard to Nets.  If I'm a Lakers fan I would love that, K-Lo is the best player in that deal. and he fits the best as well.
I3UTTON::But now that Love is hurt they say its unlikely to happen
Looks good on u tho::K Love and Kobe fighting over the rock would be entertaining.  Like Kobe, K Love has never met a shot attempt he didn't like.
linnyhero::Can you guys think of one disappointment in all sports over the last twenty years that is worse than this. I mean this is just terrible i hate the lakers but even i'm starting to feel bad for them.
JCDish::Well who nows, its the NBA, and it's all hype. The Lakers got so hyped up with the players they got during the off season, people were saying they just punched a one way ticket to the FInals ... YEA RIGHT... with a team that has no bench, with a center that just went through back surgery (and still recovering), a vet hall of fame point gaurd with bad defense. And then an older(softer) power forward who needs to be in the post to be effective, and a small forward who has some lingering emotional issues, oh Yea and Kobe. And you call that the biggest disappointment "in all sports." Good luck with that argument.
linnyhero::Listen at yourself you are saying that lance armstrong's fall is bigger than the LAKERS fall come on man it's the LAKERS the most popular professional sports franchise in the country and the fourth most popular in the world.
JCDish::... and no Phil. Recipe for a bad season.
JCDish::Well you said "in all sports," so I answered. Besides, what more disappointing "in all sports" than what happened with the man who conquered the biggest cycling event in the sport ever, and doing 7 times, that after conquering one of the worst diseases in history, and after denying that he doped up to compete in the event. AND NOW he has confessed to doping and now he has lossed all creditbility as a cyclist. Pretty disappointing to me, Juss sayin.
linnyhero::Listen Cycling is not on my radar even when he was winning i did not care he beat cancer and raise money to fight cancer and that's amazing but his fall does not compare to the fall of the LA LAKERS.
JCDish::does the name Lance Armstrong ring a bell?
linnyhero::I'm talking about in team sports i could care less about cycling.
Looks good on u tho::If Kobe is tired - let him sit a game or two. You just might find that ball movement will improve, shots will get distributed more evenly, and Laker fans just may be pleasantly surprised by the result.    Or, the Lakers might just continue losing.    Either way, what have you got to lose?
Kingkanyon12::LOL, If Dwight Will stop getting striped of the ball, he'll get more shots, if Nash will shot his open shots, he[ll have more attempts, you sound as if you know nothing about basketball, Kobe's shooting the same amount of shots he's always shot, Idiot, he's just playing with guy who aren't as aggressive, heck Meta World Peace seems to be getting his shots up. Kobe Miss a game, you must be stupid if you think they'll do better without him, Make the Trade- Howard for Lopez, Nets will pay, Laker's will Prosper. Lopez is better, He can do everything better than Dwight but Rebound.
Looks good on u tho::Didn't mean to upset you, your highn-a$$.....  So far he's leading LA to the 12th seed of the Western Conference and 4 games from the cellar.  Keep chucking that rock, Kobe.
FlyBy187::So when does Kobe request a trade?
JCDish::...or request a new set of teammates or a new coach or a new GM ... or [fill in blank here]
chriscaz1::Voss Voss and Lakerfresh are actually gay lovers
LBJMVP2013::Finally Voss Voss has shut the f..k up!!!
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::He might have got the hammer.
LBJMVP2013::LOL they showing kobricks 81 point game on laker nation and nba tv i mean seriously why?he did that v an expansion team and was in the regular season!! funny how kobe has never had a 50 point plus game in the playoffs or finals ever!!!
CubicleJoe::he had 50 v the suns in the 07 series.    a game 6 loss.  then he had the 'tantrum' game, which was pretty funny.
Kobrick chucker bryant::Gasoft doesn't jack up enough 3's like Kobrick cryant, we also watch old games where chucker got lucky for a change, granted it was vs the craptors - Mike DownyToni
LBJMVP2013::Voss Voss eberyone on here knows your a 40 year old virgin who has had to play with his left and right hands all his life!!! LOL
jaydubespn::Grow up.  Preferably elsewhere.
Voss voss::Cool story, how's the view from my nuts troll boy?
Voss voss::You're in a Laker ARTICLE and I'm the Troll?
Kobrick chucker bryant::Voss voss is the biggest troll with no friends, thats for sure
LBJMVP2013::Ask your sister
James Harden 3 point Celebration::If nothing else Mike brown is a paid man!
MavsHater4ever::LOL!! Pay the man!!!!! He's probably laughing his $@% off everytime he checks his bank account. He'll be back on TV next season as an analyst. Karma........................
Looks good on u tho::I don't know what to say, really. Three minutes to the biggest battle of our professional lives. All comes down to today, and either, we heal as a team, or we're gonna crumble. Inch by inch, play by play. Until we're finished. We're in hell right now, gentlemen. Believe me. And, we can stay here, get the sh!te kicked out of us, or we can fight our way back into the light. We can climb outta hell... one inch at a time.  D'Antoni on the verge of desperation.
LBJMVP2013::LOL at Voss Voss saying bandwagon fans what a joke when jack walked off the floor with 6 minutes to go during your destruction at the hands of the thunder at home you lost half your fans to the clippers as there record is much better!! LOL
Voss voss::It's ok you sound like a complete idiot. I wouldn't expect much more from a heat bandwagon "fan". LAKER FANS FOR LIFE
RickyWolfioGOAT::Kobe's great,overrated though.Top 25 at best.
GoNIU86::at best? come on now....1 bad year doesn't take away from a decade of greatness.
LBJMVP2013::Voss Voss you are getting raped in here i suggest you shut the f..k up!!!
Voss voss::Sh----ittting on all you bandwagon "fans". Just cause there are more trolls on a laker article doesn't mean you are winning
rvcawolf::That kind of sounds like you actually want to rape him.
Kobrick chucker bryant::he'll go back to slurping kobe cryant's semen soon.
Voss voss::Just ask this guy ^ I've been sh--itting on him all morning
Looks good on u tho::If we go out and half-$@% it 'cause we're scared, then we'll always wonder if we were really good enough. But if we go out there and give it all we've got... that's heroic. You guys wanna be heroes?   D'Antoni's special guest motivational speaker, Jonathan Moxon, before the next game against Memphis.
RickyWolfioGOAT::Kobe then goes 6-24 and the win is all because of him.
Looks good on u tho::The hard work of so many, sacrificed by the disrespect of few.   -Coach Kilmer
Looks good on u tho::Oh course, Kobe stood up and said  "I wanna be a hero, Mox"
LBJMVP2013::Voss Voss kobe has never been passed the first round without shaq or gasol!!! lebron made the finals all on his own in 2007 and always gor past the first round when he had no help!!! LOL
Voss voss::Good for lebron but he had big Z, varejau and a great bench. Jordan didn't make it out the 1st round without pippen. Again, your logic starts and ends with kobe
Voss voss::Bag on the lakers all you want, they suck. But you've sucked since forever. Most of you chumps had to jump on a bandwagon just to get a win. LA is better then where you live and the Lakers will be steam rolling your home town team again soon enough.
Kobrick chucker bryant::get a life loser, your fakers will always be dog $@%! like your life
Kobrick chucker bryant::mom joke... typical virgin comeback ahahahahahahahha
Voss voss::Who's joking?
RickyWolfioGOAT::No one takes sports seriously you $@%!$@% loser.
Kobrick chucker bryant::nobody likes you virgin
Voss voss::Ask your mom.... son, OPs I've said to much
LBJMVP2013::Voss Voss your team and kobe are a joke.kobe cried for help got howard and nash and is playing worse this year then when he only had gasol last year!!! that alone should tell you that kobe is not a team player!!!
RickyWolfioGOAT::Kobe=Wade=Carter=Arenas=McGrady
xo0p::which means horry is just as good as MJ
xo0p::Robert Horry 6 Rings = MJ 6 Rings
Kobrick chucker bryant::VOSS VOSS JUST GOT RAPED BY KOBRICK
xo0p::Robert Horry, 6 rings &gt; Kobe
Voss voss::Kobe 5 rings &gt; everyone else you just named
RickyWolfioGOAT::No one says Dwade is the 2nd greatest of all time.Laker slurpers like you think that Kobe was the reason for those rings even though he never had the top winshare in ANY of them.Kobes great,but overrated.
Voss voss::So Shaq got wades 1st ring and lebron got wade's 2nd ring.... except your logic starts and ends only for Kobe right?
LBJMVP2013::LOL that is all you can say pathetic shaq got kobe his first 3 rings then kobe did not win again till he got gasol!!! LOL
RickyWolfioGOAT::If ANY of those players had prime Shaq,they would've had gotten those 3 rings too.
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::If all those players had Shaq in his prime, they would have more rings than Kobe
Kobrick chucker bryant::anyone can get 5 rings carried even a ret@rd like you with no friends voss voss
LBJMVP2013::LOL
LBJMVP2013::Steven A Smith.............. howards air ball free throw was the highlight of the season so far for me!! LMAO
rvcawolf::*Stephen A. Smith. You know, LeBron has a commercial about high school kids dropping out...perhaps you should listen to him.
LBJMVP2013::Mike D leaves new york and the knicks are having there best season in years are second in the east!!! that alone should tell you that mike d is a joke!!!
Voss voss::Thank you!
Voss voss::how's the view from my nuts?
Kobrick chucker bryant::Get mad Dantoni was sent there to bring out what a joke you and the fakers are Kobetard.
Looks good on u tho::Do you really think we need to go through the D'Antoni resume to determine that he is a joke?  17-24 doesn't hammer the point across clear enough?
Looks good on u tho::Better review my previous posts if you think I support Kobe.....
Voss voss::His point is, it was established before the 17-24 record
LBJMVP2013::yes as your hero kobe wanted mike d!!! LMAO
The Guy Who Cleans Lou Holtz Desk Every Commercial Break 3.0::Guys its the water boys, they aren't hydrating the players enough!
xo0p::"What if I told you Mike Brown was the problem?"  - ESPN 30 for 30
LBJMVP2013::So glad they fired mike brown......he obviously was the problem!!! LOL
rvcawolf::You sir, post intriguing comments.
rvcawolf::So glad they hired D'antoni after Bickerstaff was showing some promise.
Looks good on u tho::Two more examples of white ownership keeping down the black man.
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::The Lakers are a massive joke and need to be relocated to Seattle.
LBJMVP2013::Kobe last 9 games shooting 32% rest of team shooting 50% kobe slurpers still think team is the problem!! LOL
rvcawolf::*the
Corvo Attano::It's over for the Lakers.  I know there is still half a season to go but the Lakers season is done.
Kobrick chucker bryant::Voss voss is mad his fakers suck and brick their way to embarassment
rvcawolf::Somehow I think that this Kobrick fellow is not a fellow but a 14-year-old overweight kid, so i'm going to stop commenting on his thread.
Kobrick chucker bryant::voss voss has no friends ahahahahah so he picks fights on here what a loser
rvcawolf::Why do you like your own comments?
Kobrick chucker bryant::wrong other ppl always do jealous kobetard
Voss voss::no one else does, well except when he signs out and in with another user name and likes it again
Kobrick chucker bryant::you know what I mean r3tard
Voss voss::Wow you got off kobe's nuts long enough to hang off mine? Impressive!
rvcawolf::They're not HIS Lakers! why do all idiots like you think that they're a part of the team?
Boblkbas::Duh, ANYONE can win with big men dominating down low, but how many coaches have been able to turn post players into 3-point shooters? See, that's where the legacy is...
n1que_olajuwon_ewing::So happy to finally see Anotni get blasted...guy has been skating for years. Eating off of prime Steve Nash. Now everyone sees he's a hack.
LBJMVP2013::LOL it has took kobe 41 games of bricking some of the worst numbers ever to realise that things need to change!!!
Looks good on u tho::Don't misunderstand Kobe.....other than scrapping that defensive assignment against the opposing point guard...he's not changing anything
n1que_olajuwon_ewing::45% shooting 30, 5 and 5...huh?  you stink bro
LBJMVP2013::LOL 8-25,10-32,7-22 and the abysmal 9-41 v golden state!!
xo0p::do you mean 30 shots/5 makes/5 turnovers?
Looks good on u tho::The only chance LA has to somehow salvage any shred of dignity comes Jan 29 - Feb 8.  Lakers play:  NO @ PHX @ MIN @ DET @ BRK @ BOS @CHA  Good thing LA is a great road team.
jaydubespn::They should still be able to handle those teams, except Brooklyn and possibly Boston.
Looks good on u tho::Let's not get too overconfident.....Lakers on the road can't beat Toronto
Jamante23::"Kobe says that things obviously aren't working with this current Lakers squad."
LBJMVP2013::When lakers got howard and nash everyone thought lakers were going to be unstoppbale......funny that you can put as many all stars on 1 team as you can but if they do not play well together or respect one another then they will fail!!!
Kobrick chucker bryant::''Gasoft doesn't jack up enough 3's like Kobrick cryant'' - Mike Downtoni
rvcawolf::Stupid Kobrick
Voss voss::Type, like own comment, fail, repeat  - Kobrick chucker
Kobrick chucker bryant::Cry me a river, your team sucks monkey balls loser Fakertard. Glad you're mad kobe slurper
Corvo Attano::kobe bryant is truly the worst laker
n1que_olajuwon_ewing::"Hey!"  Smush Parker
Voss voss::dantoni is the worst laker
linnyhero::Can you guys think of one disappointment in all sports over the last twenty years that is worse than this. I mean this is just terrible i hate the lakers but even i'm starting to feel bad for them.
TRSling::I hate the Lakers and I don't feel remotely bad for them.  They act like the world is going to end if the don't win a ring every other year.....
linnyhero::Maybe i'm wrong for saying i feel bad for them but have you ever seen anything like this?
crabtrjf::I'd say this is the biggest flop in the history of the NBA, maybe all sports
linnyhero::That's exactly where i'm at in all of sports this much talent, experience, and prestige all gone down the drain
Kobrick chucker bryant::not as much as the fakertard nation losers
Voss voss::Keep liking your own comments troll boy. No one else gives a crap what you have to say
Looks good on u tho::Philly Eagles come close....lots of smack talking prior to that season, too.
linnyhero::Yeah but the Eagles are not the Lakers this is really bad.
Voss voss::not even close
Looks good on u tho::Just when you think the Lakers have hit rock bottom....  Memphis and OKC show up on the schedule.
Voss voss::lol, wow
Jamante23::Don't worry guys, when Steve Blake comes back we should be in championship form!!  - D'antoni and dumm $@% laker fans
