bustasports::full nba 2011 re-draft  kenneth faried 2nd pick, enes kanter 17th  this was actually a good draft, but the draft order wasn't right  http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/2012/03/full-20...
mistapink1@gmail.com::thanks for the lottery-chance-killing-meaningless-victory-against-a-squad-who'll-now-pick-above-us-and-end-up-with-a-better-pick-and-therefore-better-future-than-us rod.  rodney stuckey, mr. future-of-the-pistons 2007-2010, i salute thee.  the assassin of the late season doesn't really matter if we win this one tho' we probably shouldn't even be trying game.  can't wait till joe wastes this pick on harrison barnes...
BOYW00DU::Stuckey with tha Kiss @ the end
CandySparker::I'm stuck on you, Rodney!
williamebonybrick::Wizards could have had Isaiah Thomas... oh well
yorkallday1::nba re-draft who would u guys take second? this site said kenneth faried, i don't think he's thaaat good though http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/2012/03/full-2011-nba-re-draft.html
mark_michigan::so glad we drafted knight instead of kemba walker
yabbadetroit7169::dont talk about your self
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::again 4th quarter collapse from capital boys band...
bamberg1977::Washington is a really badly run franchise.   How long have they been bad and giving away talent? Man, makes the Pistons last 3 years seem like a road bump.
99LALO::But we are proven champs and can't feel sorry bout weak links.
99LALO::DETROIT BASKETBALL!!!!!!!
GV Laker::A win is a win.  Man whoever "Associate Press" writer is must really hate his/her job.  Shows in his/her disenchanted, uncreative writing.  Pistons, as a franchise, have never in my lifetime won pretty.  A.and that's fine with me.  2 championships is more than most.  I think they can rebuild with the new owner and might have been delayed due to Mr. D's death (rest his soul).   Hoping for the best in the coming years.
trademarktaz::wtf? you've represented yourself as a pistons fan poorly lol
GV Laker::Damn, yes I sit corrected.  it almost feels like one giant championship when they broke through in those Bad Boy years.
DetKoolAid::3 championships
ANDBOOMGOESTHEDYNAMITE6::My Heat have lost two in a row, but it's SO nice knowing that they don't suck nearly as bad as these two pathetic franchises.
trademarktaz::we have 3 rings, heat have 1 fluke
zach strauch::even Detroit beat Indiana.....
Bullseye9300::...
99LALO::Your heat lost lost pacers stupid.
tbIce33::Anthony Davis- starting5. Greg Monroe- staring 4. one can only hope.
trademarktaz::Is Charlie V really hurt or in the dog house? He's just been taking up roster space this season.
trademarktaz::charlie v can be a good piece still but the fact that he's been out with this supposed ankle injury and has only gotten in twice in blowouts makes me wonder if he's in trouble behind the scenes or due to that fight at the end of last season.
jamessly7up::Yeah, I think he kind of just got unlucky though with the CV and BG signing. He freed up all the cap space so we could get that franchise player and ended up signing two promising young players who just didn't pan out. I'm more concerned with his signings this year. Stuckey and Prince? It's pretty clear that he should have let at least one of those guys walk.
GV Laker::Ditto.  He's been taking up space since he signed.  At least Gordon delivers an occasional headline-worthy output.  Neither plays a lick of defense which is disturbing.  Losing a tiny bit of faith in Joe. D recently.  Sad because he was always my favorite Piston growing up.  Can't deny his moves in early 2000's but lately signings have not meshed with Piston heritage he established.
Grand212::He was hurt be everyone knows he sucks and he is can't play defense. If you can't play defense you don't deserve to play.
sethbball20::Finally had a good 4th quarter
yabbadetroit7169::love the pistons. finish the season strong!
d butler16::Atleast there getting closer to a high draft pick
yabbadetroit7169::hey we can get jeremy lamb?? but i dont think we need another shooting guard
trademarktaz::that would be nice but we don't need another guard, unless of course they decide to move stuckey and gordon
smithyamiami::I know this is a silly questions, but why doesn't Ben Gordon play more?
jamessly7up::I swear, no one on here follows the Pistons or knows anything about basketball. He averages 29 minutes per game on the season. He left tonight's game because of an injury. Get it together people.
yabbadetroit7169::have to disagree. i say we trade him, but the problem is, nobody would want him, so we wouldn't get anybody good for him.
yabbadetroit7169::45 points against the nuggets. hes there, just not NEARLY enough as he should be
sethbball20::You think we should re-sign him? I know he has been a disspaointment for us, but he can be valuable if you have enough guys around him. If he's willing to take a significant pay cut, I think we take him back.
sethbball20::He is inconsistent and he is a turnover machine, and a liability on defense
sethbball20::I love my Pistons. #Dedicated
yabbadetroit7169::good job man:D
sethbball20::You too
yabbadetroit7169::F*ck tanking
yabbadetroit7169::PISTONS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
d butler16::They did it again
kozanski2000::DC doing the right thing and keeping the losses coming. Need to get one of those top 3 picks.
sethbball20::I've been keeping an eye on this mock draft.  http://nbadraft.net/2012mock_draft
trademarktaz::They're projecting us to draft Andre Drummond, Pistons fans. Do you really think we'll be so lucky to get him?
drewg1984::He make up that free throw shooting void that Ben Wallace will leave after this year.
metsnlchampsxxx2012xxx::Had Washington +2... man im pissed they blew a 12 point lead but you could feel that coming, just glad ben missed that 2nd free throw...
tdolick::because he still covered the spread
yabbadetroit7169::lol why?
sethbball20::They say you are what your record says you are, but man, we have been on the short end of these types of games more than several times this year. Glad to see they guys pull one out.
jamessly7up::Eh, I think "very vulgar" is a little much. I was kind of joking. But yeah, I'm just saying I would much rather continue to lose than kind of stay in playoff contention (all to eventually not even make them) and ruin the chance at getting a franchise changing player.
jamessly7up::We are on the short end because we suck. They need to keep being on the short end and get that high pick.
sethbball20::That's a very vulgar way to put it, but yeah, as long as they play these close games and learn from them, even if they lose, I'm happy.
Bullseye9300::Can't wait to watch the Bears rape the Lions this year
trademarktaz::we will beat the bears twice
sethbball20::I know their offense is solid, right? Lol
sethbball20::It is safe to say that Frank was the right choice. The players love him and play hard for him night in and night out.
sethbball20::Stuckey has potential, no doubt. He will be even better once we get some more scorers on this team to take some of the pressure off of him. Sometimes he tries to do too much, but he's clutch, and when he's on, he's on. He's won 2 games for us now in the 4th, the one against LA, and now this one.
drewg1984::Probably the one against Sac-Town too.
sethbball20::Yeah I missed that game, was too tired to stay up haha
DetroitisBack2012::before this year i hated stuckey, but now i have changed my opinion of him and think he is a valuable piece to the team
vaplaya0::Wtf is up with this team giving up 2nd half leads all the damn time...smh only good thing about this is we still got a shot at gettin davis or kidd-gilchrist
yabbadetroit7169::u guys will get gilchrist
goergetownfan15::3rd game in a row
drewg1984::HAHAHA
DetroitisBack2012::you spelled georgetown wrong lol
sethbball20::Hell yes! I actually enjoy watching this team, they give it their all every night and have good attitudes and team chemistry. They are out there to compete, and their record could be better if they would have finished some more games off of this fashion. We'll be good in 3 or 4 years. Deeetroit Basketball!!
drewg1984::Both teams actually had horrible energy the whole game. It actually wasn't a pretty one to watch, even with the win.
drewg1984::I think so too. With a Davis, Sullinger or a T-Rob next year, Detroit will be at .500 or above.
drewg1984::And we were 12-8 before Stuckey got injured.
drewg1984::This team is 12 and 12 after its horrible start, beating some tough teams in there and nearly winning others.
AdAllDay87::You don't watch our games or keep up with them so how do you know how they play
sethbball20::17-32
Bullseye9300::.500 or above? You are 16-32 right now there is no way that would happen lol...
AdAllDay87::Or better, we could be this year but the schedule has been brutal
AdAllDay87::And that one home game was against the heat lol
sethbball20::I know 9 out of 10 on the road? What the hell is that sh*t
DetroitisBack2012::well be a 500 team next year
Bullseye9300::Anthony Davis welcome to Washington!
Talentsojhin::Can't out suck the Bobcats sorry!
DetroitisBack2012::he will end up in shitlotte
DETsports84::Stuckey, Knight, and Monroe.  Now we just need Kidd-Gilchrist or Robinson and make Tayshaun our vet off the bench.
DETsports84::Yeah MKG is a beast
DetroitisBack2012::need to draft draymond too.
sethbball20::Lol Draymond
DetroitisBack2012::i want kidd-gilchrist so bad. dude is gonna be an all star
AdAllDay87::I hope Ben comes back for one more
AdAllDay87::Not to many players can attack the basket the way stuckey does
Buy Another Cup You Cheapskate::BIG WIN FOR THE CAVS.  MORE PP BALLS IN THE HOPPER ! !
skinsfan054::3 of our last 4 games we've had fairly large leads, and blown them in the fourth....
Buy Another Cup You Cheapskate::get used to it you will be seeing the same results in the fall
ryanuofm08::STUCKEY!!!!!!!!!
drewg1984::F*ck all the people who said rebuild around Monroe and Knight and trade Stuckey
jamessly7up::Yeah, let's watch Stuckey jack 20 shots a game. All this while we win just enough games to "be in playoff contention" and then miss them, and ruin our chance for a lottery pick. Genius.
jamessly7up::Lol it's one game. Stuckey just screwed us even further by hitting that shot.
jamessly7up::Stuckey hasn't been hitting game winners for 15-20 games.
drewg1984::By us you mean Washington. And Stuckey's been doing these for a good 15-20 games, not just "one."
DetKoolAid::hahahahaha stuckey? who woulda thought! first game back still a little injured hits the game winner
DX_Hoo::Another blown lead, another day in the life for the Wiz.
WMtribe17::I'd expect nothing less of the Wizards... Yet another 4th Q implosion...
Infamous3735::wow i never get those for the team i bet on
ctowngambler78::NICE!!!!!
drewg1984::The legend grows
PLJosh86::DET -1, HAHAHAHA I feel bad for those who took DC. I would be pissed if I were you guys.
