jason_bautista::LMA to Rockets = contender.  :)
rockus_2008::Lin could be in Hall of Fame once he's done playing.  He did more for basketball in a week than most players in a lifetime.
rockus_2008::My eyes can barely follow the ball when Lin has the ball.  The ball has energy, movement, character, and life.  It's almost as if it becomes another player.
Paul Apoundstone::When i left my house last night to meet up with a lady friend, lin was 0-3 on shots with 1 turn over and only 2 assists.   Got home and knocked out.  Then... forgot to check up on the score before going to bed and then... I WAKE UP TO THIS?!?!?!  Amazing.   Good job Rox. I don't care if these guys face San An or OKC... i'm just happy they made it this far, exceeded all forecasts on their position by the end of the season.   To the future... and beyond.
Queen88022::For better vision, get 3D glasses!  - Lin
rm90025::The Rockets, I believe, are now 10 games over .500 when Lin takes 10 or more shots per game.  They are an even .500 when he shoots less than 10 times per game.
Matt G53::DOES THAT MEAN LIN IS MAGIC BALL GOD?!?!
Jason Stone Lee::Harden is the best scorer in the team.  He could score 50 if he want but can not guarantee team win. Lin is the best ball handler in the team. He could play high efficiency team win, every player around him would be like star.
Denzel7587::Hoops Sharpie quite easy to do against the worst defensive team in the league though. and remember selvin, lin is always good for one or two good games max per week. rest of the week he's horrible and gets benched. 1 fan likes this. _ _ _ __ ______ I've seen some people preaching they're Rockets-only-fans, but still hate on Lin even when he's contributing well to the team. A Rockets fan? Doubtful. Lin hater? Certainly. The badge of a true Rocket fan is giving love to all players who contribute well to the team. You don't qualify as a Rockets fan
Denzel7587::Two good games max per week. LOL: He was doing good against 1) Clippers, 2) Magic, ...oops now exceeding two games 3) Kings, 4) Trailblazers. Lin does well most of the time if he's given a chance to play the role he was contracted to do. Of course, he struggles when he's used as a spot-up shooter.
rm90025::Since Jan 1, and especially since Feb 1, Lin's 3 point shooting % is in the top tier among PGs.  I agree that his natural position is as the PG, not the SG, but when they won games in February and in March, he was playing mostly a combo role, mainly as a SG when Harden was on the court, and he delivered.
here2win08::Did Lin played almost as many minutes as Harden? Thumbs up.
bsimon30::He was aggressive and playing great defense last night.
Queen88022::I just realized.  - McHale
Jason Stone Lee::Lin + Harden without Chandler = Win Lin + Chandler without Harden = Win Lin without Chandler + Harden = Win If McHale can win COY, he must prove: Harden + Chandler without Lin = Win Chandler without Lin + Hardne = Win Harden without Lin + Chandler = Win
Matt G53::But that means Lin would have to get injured.... That would be rather counter-productive, wouldn't you agree?
MannyTexans24::Lin and Harden = Best backcourt in the NBA! Man Bev's defense is amazing!
Mott the Hoop::Great passing last night. Need to continue the efficient team work to beat Denver tonight.
NDFRockets18::Lin absolutely dominated Lillard tonight. I am loving the combination of Bevs-Lin in the back court that they used a couple times tonight. The defense was outstanding and they were just too fast for Portland. Maybe McHale is actually a genius and saved the real lineups for playoff time. One can only hope
Eden Knight::Not having Parsons and Delfino was a big part of the rotation changes
bsimon30::Yes, that was an awesome lineup when they were on the court at the same time. Portland couldn't get in the paint because of the lockdown D.
dreballs::c'mon portland we were counting on you for at least some competition.... -W's fans
DucksRUNPac12::Portland needs to make sure they trade Lamarcus before he walks....this franchise is dead. Cursed I swear.
sports guy12::He'd look good in a Rockets uniform
NDFRockets18::correction. He'd look AMAZING in a Rockets uniform
AY410::The ESPN announcers did nothing but lick hardens as$
AY410::1Q yeah. But they knew jack about anyone else on the rockets.
NDFRockets18::He gave them reason to
The Random Dude35::Are the Rockets better off getting the 6th seed or 7th seed?
NDFRockets18::Depends. If San Antonio is the 2 seed and Denver is the 3rd seed I would say Houston is better off at 7th. Denver gives us fits match up wise and San Antonio has been hobbled and showing their age lately. If Memphis or LAC get the 3rd seed I would say Houston is better off as the 6th.  However the best seed they could get is the one that doesn't play OKC
bsimon30::Denver doesn't have one of their best players. 2 weeks ago I wouldn't want to play denver but I would rather play them now.
Bayan7maestro::#omeletflow baby
NewAges::It kind a weird that the each Rocket player took turn to play well. Last game, Terrence Jones and Parson played well Then tonight game, Greg Smith had a good game.
dhnguyen99::7FT height can run, can shoot 3pt line. He is not go anywhere. He will be dominate PF position next year.
bsimon30::McHale is a genius for putting smith in the starting lineup.
mets_all_day::i'm really taking to Smith, i thought he was great.  DMo was rather disappointing and I wish he were more consistent.  it's raw, young talent like this that attracts new rockets fans like me.  i fear for the knicks future, to be honest.  we're getting old really fast.
mets_all_day::do you all realize the hate on lin here is ridiculous?  it makes your board the silliest one here.  ramping up for the playoffs and you guys hate on your own PG.  that's really special, i gotta say.  btw, love LMA tonight, and the harden-lin connection's awesome to watch.
mets_all_day::oh, and i do like the knicks.  i don't like our chances in the playoffs, but please don't attack me like you guys did to those other knicks fans.
NDFRockets18::It was just nbafanatic69 because he comes onto Rockets boards after every game to intentionally try to tick off Lin fans. The vast majority of Knicks fans I like, just usually the ones that travel here come just to sling some mud at Lin so they do kind of have it coming.  And to be fair I think NY is the only team that can put up a fight against Miami. Of course Miami will remain the heavy favorite in the east but NY has had their number this year and crazier things have happened before.
123abc456xxy::NO ROCKETS FANS HATE ON THERE PGs. its just hater from ny or somewhere else.
NDFRockets18::This
NDFRockets18::It's awful. It literally is like this every single game, win or loss. At least it doesn't become Kobe vs LeBron like most boards do though
NDFRockets18::Yeah the "Only" acronyms that are used for everything are probably the most annoying thing to me. I can't think of a guy least deserving of his criticism though, ESPN's non stop coverage on him last year didn't help. Generally people like to troll things ESPN talks about a lot
mets_all_day::that's right, i usually bail when that whole weird d*ck measuring contest breaks out.  the egos on those guys are insane.  i like lin, he's gotta be one of the humblest, skilled players in the NBA right now who would be the first person to tell you he needs improving.  i'm not his biggest fan, just a person who likes watching him play.  i don't need weird acronyms (LOF/ LOH, HOF/HOH) as labels, please.
123abc456xxy::Why we  are not in 4-5 seed today is is coaching rotation ..After the games vs Knicks, Lin play well as a pg and we blow out many team  and was  on a 3-4 game winning streak.  Then 1 game during that time, lin has 3 t.o in the first half, Mc-hale all the sudden ,  let Harden run the pg and Lin inconsistent began and we were losing more than we win. Mc-hale grew some brain these last 4 games,  when the coach let Harden and Lin run free, the Rockets are deadly.
MichaelKL017::It may have more to do with Les Alexander getting pissed than an enlighten evolution on Kevin McHale's part.
eenz3::How nice would it be if we had Aldridge instead of our current PFs. But I'll keep Smith as he's backup.
NDFRockets18::LMA or Love would be #1 on my list of dream trade scenarios this off season. Might be a dream but Morey is a wizard and it's no secret PF is our weakest position so who knows.
mets_all_day::was great to see LMA doing so well, love that guy.  harden was boss, nice to see lin get your guys organized.  too bad parsons is injured.  hope u can use him vs denver, no question.
NDFRockets18::Yeah it was nice to see LMA not missing a beat on his return. Severely underrated star in the NBA.
NewAges::Lin run 70% PG and Harden run 30% PG. This game play works best for the Rockets. Harden scores more efficient and Lin still can elevate other Rockets.
NDFRockets18::They were an absolutely deadly combo tonight. Once they start to do that consistently beardsanity will scorch the earth
NewAges::Yup, they were looking good tonight.....Best game ever seen that they were so gel
Andy58768::agreed
Architect Teddy Westside::Why do people hate Lin? He's a good player and getting better. Just like any well-known player, whenever they have a good game, the haters hide. Whenever they have a bad game, the haters talk $@%! non-stop. So.. Urusai!
NDFRockets18::Either 1. They are a Knicks fan upset he left or 2. Because of ESPN's coverage of him last year, comparing him to Tebow (which was dumb), trolls have the need to instantly dub someone overrated.   In other words, they hate him for stupid reasons
Andy58768::yah nbafanatic69 said he is Knick fan. and i dont know why he's even here.
Andy58768::because their life are miserable and they dont want to see ppl happy.
USMC5005::they hate LOF's more i think.  but theyr overreacting to LOF's as well, which is why as soon as LOF's and LOH's (or LOFH's) start battling, itll never stop
Andy58768::everyday i hope Warriors losing and they kept winning.. SH$$%@it!
m_gunners::too many home games balanced!
USMC5005::if we dont want that 6 seed, should rockets just rest all the starters tomorrow lol at least we can help ensure harden is healthy
NDFRockets18::I want to beat Denver though just so our team knows they can say we matched up with them in the playoffs.
Selvin4715::10 games above. I think this might be the first time since Yao retired.
NewAges::McHale is doing much better in recent games.......lets take the hat off for the man.
Queen88022::fair enough! He is a rookie as a coach.
123abc456xxy::NY-ERS DOSNT WANT LIN TO SUCCEED! HAHAHHAA  TO BAD..
squidi141::it's more than that dude.
NDFRockets18::You know D'Antoni dreams every night that he was the coach of this team.
AY410::getting old?
MichaelKL017::Blake is vastly inferior to Lin.  Nash is getting old and injured frequently.
USMC5005::How u think mchale is doing.  u think he deserves COY?
NDFRockets18::Agreed, I would give it to Pop. Anyone else besides Morey winning GM of the year would be an absolute shame
MichaelKL017::Too many questionable calls\strategy.  Morey will definitely win though. I believe Pop is getting Coach of the Year award.
NDFRockets18::Deserves to be a top 3 candidate. His rotations at times make me want to punch a wall but what he's done with a team that only has 1 player form last years roster on it is fascinating
123abc456xxy::WE COULD BE IN 4-5 SEED IF HE COACH LIKE HE COACH TODAY.
NewAges::Knick fan before leaving....Don't for get to vote the mayor that will ban double cheese burger
squidi141::"plenty by association and innuendo. but you know this and you've been called out on it, so it's pointless for me to even mention here."  so you're calling us racists for calling felton Fat..  what  stupid mother- e-ff=fff--ee=r  this guy has some agenda up his sleeve. obviously no normal person would call these people racists but pyschos like yourself.
nbafanatic69::"I do bet that your master's will take down Lin one way or the other, Until Lin shuts his mouth up about his CHristian ways."  seriously, now we're going into anti-christian persecution?  wow.  just wow.  looks like my time is up here, if we're getting this crazy...
Hoops Sharpie::nba, all of us regulars ignore the LOFs, you should too.
USMC5005::some LOF's aren't even true LOF's.  some of them r trolls trying to start hate.  I've seen it before...
Andy58768::can u stop your fixation about lin?
squidi141::don't let the door hit you on the way out. see ya
nbafanatic69::later.
Andy58768::Tomorow's game is super important. it determines our chance in playoff. hope we win.
Andy58768::your Knicks? why are you here?
nbafanatic69::agreed.  will be a good meter.  just as my knicks face OKC.
USMC5005::Hey what's the word on parsons?  Is he out for tomorrow?  We need all the help we can get vs nuggets
123abc456xxy::I THINK HE MIGHT BE OUT TOMORROW TOO.
MichaelKL017::I think rebounds and defense will win or lose the game.
NDFRockets18::We can't have an off quarter shooting or anything. Against a similarly fast paced yet more athletic team like denver, if we get into a shooting slump we can be put in a double digit whole too. That though is where rebounding and defense become so important
NDFRockets18::The team I dread to play the most. I haven't heard anything on Parsons but since a playoff spot is about 99.9% guaranteed I doubt they will push the issue
Hoops Sharpie::USMC5005 - we want that 6 seed tho  no we don't. much rather face the spurs than the nugs. spurs are in big trouble with their injuries.
NDFRockets18::not sure I want it if it's Denver. SA has been mediocre lately, I might take our chances there
USMC5005::we want that 6 seed tho
Hoops Sharpie::i'm not gonna get too wrapped up with the game tmrw. i already have it marked as a loss, so anything else is gravy. honestly, it wouldn't impact us either way.
USMC5005::theyr without some key players tho, i think we still have a chance
Selvin4715::Heard somewhere he is likely out today.
123abc456xxy::DID YALL SEE THAT WORSE FLOP BY ALDRIDGE? ASIK BEARLY TOUCH HIM IN THE ARM AND HE FELL DOWN AND GET A FREEBY..
sephkane::I saw that. Who goes falling over when you get slapped on the forearm? lol
NewAges::Knick fans come Rockets' board and complain racism? from being Knick fanatic?
Andy58768::these haters should get out of this board
squidi141::haters won't.. they've been ordered to seek and destroy.. create dissent and destroy Lin's character.
MichaelKL017::Jeremy Lin has a dedicated group of haters that follows him.  A good portion of those haters are racist.
squidi141::Lin has those haters ever since he opened his mouth up about his christian ways. Tebow has the same problem. notice no other athlete follows this kind of unwarranted hate?? there is a group that is out to seek and destroy these christian atheletes.
NewAges::Rockets need one full contract player away from contender....Make it happens Morey
Selvin4715::Yes, but that wont make us a contender. The development of our young players will.
Andy58768::Rockets really need to get the 6th. dont wana see one and done.
Andy58768::Nah we got no chance against SA in a series. besides, Gallenari is out.
NDFRockets18::With how hobbled SA has been if they stay 2nd seed I honestly like our chances better than Denver. Denver always give us fits
nbafanatic69::Wow, this place is literally bleeding racist LOFs.  i feel bad for the regular Rox fans, i do.  and yes, this used to be a nice place for thoughtful discussion.
Hoops Sharpie::well, you're here often enough to know that none of the regulars even pay attention to the LOFs anymore.
squidi141::same tactic as that other Sock puppet account.. you definitely are the same person. 1, Resorting to Race related flame bait material which is trolling 2. ciriticizing use of English which is strange way to attack someone. 3. LOH, which is rare at this state in Lin's career.
nbafanatic69::again with the conspiracy theories, lol.  yeah, whatever, dude.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::again, I have no idea why a Knicks fan continues to visit these boards on a daily basis.  Even the LOF's have at least some reason to be here.  That's just sad they 1 up you on something.
setrue::You always have zero or one self like, doesn't it you feel like the joke that you are?
squidi141::yet  you're still here reading all of it.. hmmmm if it bothers you that much why are you here?  do you see your hypocrisy. Now I know you represent some faction that is Anti-Lin
MichaelKL017::I said that any racism towards Felton or Harden is wrong.  I dont spend all day here so I might have missed it.  please explain what you mean when you said "I have been called out on it."
nbafanatic69::plenty by association and innuendo.  but you know this and you've been called out on it, so it's pointless for me to even mention here.
squidi141::going into race again.  Is this you Hoops Sharpie... really??  now your sounding like a sad spoiled brat who can't have his way with the audience because they're listening to your stupid little diatribes against the target you've intended since day one...  I do bet that your master's will take down Lin one way or the other, Until Lin shuts his mouth up about his CHristian ways.
MichaelKL017::@nbafanatic69,  I only read fat jokes on Felton.  Where is the racist comments?
nbafanatic69::not quite fair, is it?  when i state lin is overrated, i give reasons.  i don't go after his race, unlike most of you anti-felton racist freaks.  don't think your "thug" comments go unnoticed.  you're just a sad little man trying to get attention.  my advice?  go away.  just, go away.
MichaelKL017::point out the racists to me.  I havent read all the post and arrive a bit late.
MichaelKL017::such a liar.
Hoops Sharpie::well, you called harden the N word for starters during the pacers game and everyone saw it. you're pathetic.
Selvin4715::Lin was outstanding tonight. Him and Harden ran the offense to perfection.
nbafanatic69::let's keep this in perspective here.  it was the blazers. and before that, the kings.  do the same with the nuggets and you've got my attention.
Hoops Sharpie::selvin understands this deep down, but it's a friday night so he's celebrating
Selvin4715::Im talking about tonights game  dude. We match up horribly against the Nuggets.
MichaelKL017::I think Denver is vulnerable after the lost Gallinari.  The Rockets will go deep into the playoffs if they get the 6th seed.
NDFRockets18::Poetry in motion
Hoops Sharpie::quite easy to do against the worst defensive team in the league though. and remember selvin, lin is always good for one or two good games max per week. rest of the week he's horrible and gets benched.
USMC5005::he's getting more and more consistent tho.  we'll see come playoffs
NewAges::Some big Rox...Please hook Hoops Sharpie up.....
Ismael0627::I've been counting out how many games he scored 20+ and it's 13 games compare to Harden 20 30+points games.  I feel bad for Parsons after his calf hurt. He had 18 20+ points games.
NewAges::Hoops Sharpie, are you the same guy that lost  boy friend and looking love again?
Architect Teddy Westside::I don't get why people hating on the Rockets. They're pretty much making the playoffs, one of the youngest teams in the NBA, and their whole roster is totally different from last year. It's amazing how well they adjusted to the changes. Hoping for that Rockets vs Thunder match-up!
squidi141::It's NBAfanatic and Hoopsharpie, probably the same account. they act very similar and write in a similar fashion. it's easy to discern.. they've been anti-Lin Nuts since day one. something is not right about those characters to care that much to bash a single person who doesn't affect their livelyhoodd. Unless they have some vendetta against Lin.. Which I know to be true at this point.
USMC5005::most the hate is on lin i think, not the rockets
USMC5005::not vs thunder...
nbafanatic69::the rox would be a great team to follow minus the LOFs.  they kinda ruin it for the true fans.  it's true what sharpie said, it's the post games where the LOFs show up in droves.  the regular posters here, who i respect, detest these Lin fanboys.  hell, Lin detests these fanboys himself.
USMC5005::I think it started when u guys were talking about lin being hated by his teammates or whatever.  i dunno, i just think it sounded kinda trollish, cuz i never heard that before.  maybe some ppl did overreact, but it did sound baiting lol
squidi141::you're creating imaginary factions.  1. LOF That's a military tactic called  Divide and Conquer.. "If It wasn't for the LOF" really? Rockets fans are concerened about the Rockets. Lin is part of the Rockets one way or the another. they way to seperate Lin and Rockets is a clear attempt to seperate Lin into a category you can attack from .. Where Fans of the Rockets might also be fans of jeremy Lin and vice Versa..  Therefore you are creating purposeful division.. It's easy to see at this point. I know who you are.
nbafanatic69::i admit i have LOFs reacting to me, even when i'm trying to be helpful and contribute to the dialogue.  but i can hardly be blamed for their hysterical overreaction now, can i?
USMC5005::maybe most of the times, but today honestly, it looked like LOF's started showing up when u showed up.  not tryin to attack u, just sayin thats what it looked like today.  if u hate LOF's, stop baiting them
Selvin4715::Hoops Sharpie, why dont you want the Rockets to make the playoffs? Every Rockets fan is pumped for the playoffs for the first time in 4 years.
Hoops Sharpie::selvin, what? where did i say i didn't want us to make the playoffs?  i've been the one saying that we just needed to avoid okc.
Hoops Sharpie::i want rondo in the offseason with bevs backing up. lin can be traded to a host of other teams.
USMC5005::nah im sayin why u dislike him.  i know ud ont hate him but u said u dont like him as our PG.  well we dont have anyone better, and at least lin is doing well.  unless u think beverly should be teh starter
Hoops Sharpie::selvin - yes, that's true. but that was before parker and ginobli went down. and then gallo went down. we already talked about that here the other day, all the regulars understood where i was coming from a few months back.
Hoops Sharpie::USMC, i only battle with LOF fans. where have i said a single thing against lin tonight?
Selvin4715::lol ok man. I clearly remember you saying that you would prefer the Rockets to miss the playoffs in order to hit the lottery. Trust me on this one
USMC5005::i agree withat that.  i just think right now lin is fitting into the system well, why not stay positive about him until the next time if he starts to suck again?
USMC5005::Plus, there's a time to dislike a player, but right now Lin is doing well.  Why not be positive?
squidi141::that's not in their script... it's in their script to character assassinate Lin at all times. 24/7. it's more of an intelligence operation. this is no lone nut past his bed-time .  nobody cares that much about the bashing lin, who are actually normal at 3:37 EST.. other than some shady character.
squidi141::he's a troll.. probably a sock puppet account from NBAfanatic.
squidi141::Haha.. thanks you make my day.. now I can confirm it.. since you obviously have to respond..  you're pathetic dude. I see right through your sad little attempt at rebutting all the people the see your false pretenses here.
Hoops Sharpie::you're a n00bie idiot who know one here even knows. go to bed.
setrue::Hoops Sharpie has been exposed as a racist just as MElo has been exposed a volume shooter with playoff loser written on his forehead.
Hoops Sharpie::setrue, another LOF regular who none of the regular rocket fans here pay attention to. he's a nobody LOF racist.
setrue::If you call someone who does not lick MElo hole like you a LOF then it's a band of honor.
setrue::Only its covered up by his stupid looking headband.
nbafanatic69::that "loser" is tearing up the league right now.  don't show your ignorance here.
sportsfan1014::Melo is a volume shooter as everyone knows that, also has the lowest winning% in playoffs than any NBA players, no?
squidi141::you are nothing.. a peon.. i know what your agenda is... you are a joke to me... you idiotic ploys are simplistic and banal.
squidi141::LoL.. you're still here.. pretty pathetic if you ask me for a none-rocket fan..   ho ho
squidi141::Hoops Sharpie is mentally ill dude. that guy needs help
Andy58768::what the F is all these LOF LOH crap, both Lin and Harden rule, that's it!
USMC5005::THANK YOU
squidi141::Lin Only fans. Lin Only Haters  don't know how it was even created
Andy58768::looks like designed by spies to create internal conflict. they try to tank Rocekts.
Selvin4715::Greg Smith does it again. Who would have thought?
Hoops Sharpie::i like him side by side with asik. DMo and robinson both need to play summer ball and one needs to start in the DLeague next year.
NewAges::Rockets raped the Knicks twice this season...Are Knicks fans come to Rockets' board looking for more?
sportsfan1014::Rcokets handed Knicks their first home lose of the year, 10-0 before they played Rockets.
Selvin4715::Montiejunas was great defensively
Hoops Sharpie::grabbed 7 boards and threw up too many bricks as usual. he needs a TON of work selvin.
Selvin4715::His shooting will come along. Did you actually watch the game? He was a beast on defense...not only on the boards
