Jody George Prats::Nick Young would be a nice addition to the And One tour. (dude is no a pro)
Brandon Tigues::lol..well at least he's entertaining, he's the only lakers player that's playing that's worth watching..there's no telling what he's going to do
Cory Gardley::quit crying they had an off night and Brandon Tigues your a hater and the Lakers will always be televised because they have a big fan base no one told you to watch the game go do something productive goto the gym or something
Brandon Tigues::Cory Gardley that's pretty bad for the league if they continue to televise these games, their just losing ratings for that night...and actually I'm not watching the game, I'm just here to chat and talk about how bad the lakers are.
Leland Wong::Kobe will not be playing for at least six weeks. Actually the Lakers have a better chance of winning w/o Kobe, he is selfish and a ball hog. But this is the Lakers second game of two games in a row, so they may be tired, the Warriors are always up for games against the Lakers, so I pick the Warriors.
Lee Buntoum::while averaging 6.3 assist
Brandon Tigues::this lakers team is terrible..the fact that lakers fans still show up to watch them play is pretty amazing, I just wish they didn't have so many national televised games, just because lakers fans wanna watch this train wreck doesn't mean everybody else does.
Jody George Prats::And we get them on Christmas?  Heat 116 Lakers 82
Aj Iceberg::Jody George Prats jim buss for you. zero talent after kobe and gasol
John Martin::Brandon:  The TV contract was signed before Kobe got hurt. That is why he gets the big bucks--because the TV audience will be large when he plays, even at this stage of his career. It is all about money, Brandon.
Aj Iceberg::No Kobe, Gasol, Nash, Blake, or Farmar. 4 starters but people wanna talk. Id like to see any team lose 4 starters and compete.
Liam Sibson::Washed up Washed up Washed up Sucks  Who?
Jody George Prats::Free Throws- Lakers 26 Warriors 13 and the Lakers are still getting pounded.
Cory Gardley::its the 3's and the fact that Lakers are off so quit crying its only one game
Mike Dixon::What happened to all the "the Lakers are better without Kobe" posts?
Samit Jain::warriors are a joke..
Wayne Polk::Your comment is a joke
Daniel McKenzie H-Berg::2 games over 500 isn't a joke its decent at least were not laughable
Jody George Prats::Warriors 109  Lakers 97   Lakers are a hot mess. Warriors need to get going or they will be too.
David Andaya Palafox::Warriors are already a hot mess compared to last season. That's with Bogut injured and not even 100%. I called it! I said Warriors won't be as good as last season! I wen said timberwolves will not make the playoffs for 10 years straight. Everyone talkin crap for my opinion,  but wait and see, folks. Just wait and see.
John Martin::David Andaya Palafox  Your comments are crap and no one cares about your opinions.
Wayne Polk::Andaya, you do realize it's still early in this season.  Let's revisit your prediction come playoff time.
GianFranco DeZola::LA LAKERS + 13.5 ARE THE GIFT OF THE HOLIDAYS. NO WAY THE WARRIORS WIN FOR MORE THAN 10+ POINTS......WARRIORS WIN BUT THEY WON'T COVER.   WARRIOS 102 LAKERS 100  PEACE YA ALL
Dave Randall::Agreed...thanks
Terrell Williams::Yeah What Happen That 2 point Win You Were Talking About
Scott Carson::lol...Wallet is a little thinner today. Warriors shoot 39% and easily cover. I'm sure you don't have any hair left.
John Martin::An awful performance by both teams, Lakers just more awful.  Kaman complained about not playing.  Now you can see why.
Sawyer Fletcher::warriors did pretty good, the only thing was not making their shots. get your facts straight
Renee Pantoja::John, I realize that when you play in the NBA you should be ready to go every time you get put in a game, but the Coach seem to have a thing against centers. Kamen played a pretty good game last night, Gasol has been playing pretty good lately, but C'Antoni throws their butts on the bench. I don't get it. I am a certified Laker Hater/Kobe Hater, but I'm not bagging on the Lakers right now, I'm bagging on the idiot they hired as a coach.
Wayne Polk::The Warriors defense wasn't awful.
Aj Iceberg::This isn't surprising at all. I wanna hear the "they are better without their best players" crap.
John Luttrell::Where's Bryant?? Oh, never mind. I did see him at the bank earlier Saturday.
Eric Van Earden::I just knew a Kobe hater would blame him for this loss.  Would be humorous if it wasn't so pathetic.
Mike Dixon::Yesterday, it was "see?  The Lakers are better without Kobe"
John Luttrell::Eric Van Earden not blaming bryant for the loss at all. I'm blaming the team for signing a dude to another contract when he's not worth HALF of what it is. Lala always over pays and thinks it's going to bring back showtime. It's just funny to watch them waste money.
Aj Iceberg::Seems like the Lakers are cursed with injuries every since they didnt hire Phil.  Crazy
Chaan Epps::amazing difference when Xavier Henry is on the floor without Kobe.
David Andaya Palafox::Xavier plays like crap on the road and plays well at home. That's the difference in his game.
Josh Jordan::Lakers back where they belong. On the ground.
Matt Ubben::It's gotta be said, the Warriors uniforms look awful.
Stay Focused::Looks like it's back under 500 for these bums :)
Aj Iceberg::Yeah they have a reason for playing like that. Not mad at all. They are a bunch of reject players out their.
Julie Price::Too bad the X-mas games can't be flexed.
Jazzy Drizzle::We need jordan hill tobkeep it up
Marcus Grein::such an ugly game
Peter Peterr::yeah....bad shooting night by the warriors
John Osaki Jr.::I am tired of commenting on the Warriors Legends! The great Gary Radnich will back this up on his radio show, how great the Rick Barry really was! So will Laker Legend Jerry West! Big-time Warrior fans of Rick Barry and Chris Mullin, check out the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time to read about the "Greatness" of Warrior Legend Rick Barry on Amazon.com http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/149096875X/ref=mp_s_a_1_1.
Daniel McKenzie H-Berg::Ugly game by both teams I don't even want to argue about it. The Young LA players played like kids with real potential but also played today's game like goof off's they could have made some runs the way we were turning the ball over...and The Warrior's who are supposed to be in top 6 in the west but are tied for 8th, 2 games over 500? were supposed to win this game but I want to see us win more games like the OKC...clippers games from earlier this season
Daniel McKenzie H-Berg::Harrison Barnes step it up
Ryan Arita::Leland Wong you are an idiot.  Kobe has 5 rings talk to me when Golden State can a championship with Stephen Curry....   If anyone watched the Lakers this season and saw Kobe trying to pass the ball more than shoot this year.. He had 13 assists in his second game back this season.  People tend to forgot Kobe had no Training Camp, couldn't pick up a ball for 7 months before starting to get into game shape..So to say Kobe is a ball hogger and selfish, he is what we call a superstar.  If he's a ball hogger so Is MJ.  Stop hating and respect greatness and will go down as one of the best players to play the game...Hands Down!!!!
Peter Peterr::Michael Jordan was known as a scorer, but he did more than just score. Have you even seen him play a full game instead of highlights? Jordan was a PLAYMAKER, MJ was a TRADITION shooting guard. Kobe just shoots/scores and plays defense.
Peter Peterr::Even Lebron James hogs the ball more than Jordan did.  Look at the time of possession Lebron has the ball compared to Jordan.  Jordan played within a system.  Lebron needs his own system(with the ball).
Peter Peterr::example: Kevin Durant, he is known as a scorer but does not necessarily hog the ball. He plays within the system. Same thing Jordan did.  Kobe, Lebron? not so much, they need the offense to cater to them.
Matt Elmore::I'm not sure what's to say about this game. Lakers missing their top two players, on the road against a healthy GS team that had something to prove after an embarrassing loss to a short-handed Spurs team. Also a back-to-back situation with GS waiting at home for them. I'm actually surprised that the score wasn't even worse
Israel Medrano::Without their fearless leader Pau Gasol the task of defeating the Warriors was insurmountable. I do not doubt though that Pau Gasol will return with a vengeance to lead the Lakers into the playoffs. The future hall of famer and two time NBA champion Gasol will not go out without a fight!
