Jermaine Thompson::Duncan balling tonight with that 20-20!
Nikita Lupashku::Yeah he awesome today :3
Al Sotowitz::I can't wait till the Heat and Spurs meet in the finals again.
Jermaine Thompson::Dang! 10-0 run by Spurs to close the 3rd qtr. Go Spurs Go!
Emil E. Matula III::Ginobili 10 points, 7 assists as the backup point guard.  Interesting.  With Marco Belinelli playing his minutes at the two guard and doing well, that could very well take the pressure off of Tony Parker and still leave the Spurs' second team with two competent shot creators on the floor, something they've lacked in previous seasons.
Alan Ogg::whats the difference between spurs playing in mexico city and san antonio?  NONE. except more people speak english in Mexico City (sadly)
Fred M. King::Hahaha....Thanks for my evening chuckle!
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::this guy does have some jokes, i will give him that, BUT give me some ones i havent heard before mr ogg
Emil E. Matula III::Good to see Marco Belinelli playing more consistently.  Already nine points here- can definitely sub for Ginobili in these situations.
Geron Pepe::spurs must sign kyle korver,they are lack of big man and he can throw the ball beyond the arc.
Chau Phan::isn't he with the Hawks?
Jon Shannon::Chau Phan He is with the Hawks. So signing him isnt an option but maybe a trade....i dont think its going to happen though.
Geron Pepe::Jon Shannon & Chau Pan..im sorry what i mean is Omer Asik from Houston Rockets. There's a news that he is not happy with the team, so it's time for spurs community to grab the opportunity.
Alan Ogg::wow! the spurs are SOOOOOOOOOO good they beat a 9-10 team by 2 points!
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::a win is a win no matter what u say.
Steve Carman::your face is so ugly!
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::Steve Carman thats not his real face, its the face of that homeless man who has a great voice, i think hes doing radio. its a great story, i think it happened in 2011. anyway alan is a troll, a very funny and entertaining troll at that, but a troll is still a troll
Nikita Lupashku::WAHOOOOOOOOOOOOO! TO ALL YOU HATERS!
Jim Mendiola::Hope and pray Spurs stay safe in Mexico. lol
Jorge A De Lante::GO SPURS GO!!!!
Emil E. Matula III::GO SPURS!!
Nikita Lupashku::SPURS WIN
Nikita Lupashku::YES!
Jerry Caliendo::Major props to the Hawks tonight. You Hawks fans be patient, you have a gem in Coach Bud. It's gonna be fun watching the Hawks evolve into an elite team in the East following the Spurs model. Tonight was one of those games where it was too bad one of the teams had to lose. Good luck the rest of the season.
Alan Ogg::i was at the riverwalk in san antonio asking random spurs 'fans' who had tshirts/hats on to name 3 players from the 1990s roster and all people could say was Tim Duncan and David Robinson... what a clueless City. what are they rating ? 50th in Education levels? Texas is a really sad state to live in
Robert Fanslau::Find that hard to believe... im over here in Jersey... been a knicks fan my entire life. How could they not know Sean Elliot, Avery Ant Johnson, Vinny Del Negro, Cherokee Parks, Terry Porter. etc... those guys are still big parts of the NBA. That 1999 series was fun and wouldve been better if Ewings knees didnt give out
Joe Brooks::And they let you loiter around the riverwalk Alan? So name 3 Spurs from the '90's, if it matters at all.
Jeremy Lugo::Hey Alan, you sure you weren't panhandling, instead of asking questions?
Tyler DuPont::this will show you all http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZgqVEmPCWg&feature=youtu.be
Christopher Couser Dc::That was some vintage TD!..great to watch..some big shots by Atl. made it a close game..glad we pulled it out!
Chau Phan::after Duncan scored with 0.4 second remained, I was like, dang, is it going to be another derek fisher's?
Alan Ogg::spurs fans consists of fat chicks, fat mexican chicks, fat mexican chicks with 6 kids, and mexican kids.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::u really show how ignorant you are. very uneducated. but of course im not surprised how ignorant you are, cant expect great knowledge from a mcdonalds employee.
Emil E. Matula III::John Rocker, is that you?
Alan Ogg::Jerry Ryuzaki Word san antonio is full of thugs and criminals. horrible city
Ayn Bland::LOL! These Spurts announcers are really cynical about their team.
Nash Middleton::Do you have a team that you root for or do you simply troll the Spurs' boards like a teenager to entertain yourself every other night?  Get a life buddy (and possibly a vocation. This doesn't count as one).  It's a long season.
John Martin::Tim Duncan is too old, washed up, should retire. Yeah, right.
Emil E. Matula III::Tim running a Reggie Miller curl.  Now I've seen it all.
Ayn Bland::There are an awful lot of empty seats in that arena.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::empty seats in every arena. u always try to put other fan bases down to make yourself feel better huh? is that the kind of person you are ayn? sad. every arena has empty seats in it
Alan Ogg::been to san antonio, fakest fans ever. they GHOSTed from 2007 to 2012. OH ,and talk about leaving early? spurs 'fans' left early at the game i went in the begining of the 4th quarter only because they were down by 10 lol
Ayn Bland::Really, Jerry.. There are a lot of empty seats..  If it didn't say SPURTS on the floor, I may have believed I was watching a Detroit game.  Why aren't you there instead of online?
Ed DeSalle::Spurs are KaKa!
