Andrew Marston::Kevin Durant is the most clutch player in the NBA... Period.
Anderson Daniel::Thunder Up! Let's go 5-1!
Scott Carter::how about 4-2
Forrest Wolfe::Scott Carter 5 - 1  hahaha
Wil Massey::throwing Westbrook out exemplifies everything that is wrong with the NBA.  They grabbed his leg and tried to take him down.  Being that hes coming off a leg injury he was rightfully ticked, and he reacted accordingly without going way overboard.  Still, Stern's minions throw him out and crap on the game in the process.
Cornell Ginger::Quit whining. Westbrook has always had a short fuse.
Matt Boggus::Keep your heads up Wizards fans. You have a hell of a team there. Thunder up!
Steven Rivera::LOL jokes, Thunder aren't what they use to be is more like it
Matt Borba::Steven Rivera Thunder lost to the Wizards at home the year they went to the finals, lost to them last year the year they had the #1 seed in the West. GTFO.
Melvin Hall::My Wizards will win this one by 9
Clint England::how did that work out for you
Zhang Peng::Thunder won
Nels Flanagan::Wizards are rollin. Wall has been hittin from outside. Im taking the Wiz 117-109
Jose R Berrios::How can a team that is 2-3 be rolling?
Matt Gilpin::Jose R Berrios By winning 2 straight games and looking impressive doing so.
Cole Groshens::I took a wiz once
Matt Boggus::Adams should get the start over Perkins.
Jeff Elkins::While i feel adams is better than perk it helps strengthen the potency of the bench starting perk.. The only thing perk can do is be an obstacle in the paint. Kd russ and ibaka with a sprinkle of sefy handle the scoring load
Jeff Elkins::Its the only way man..
Mark Taylor::KIWI Up!
Douglas Courtney::Perk should keep starting.  Takes pressure off adams
Shawn Bento::THUNDER WIN
Shawn Bento::KD is not nice
Melvin Hall::Lets go Wiz
Nate Gilbo::Wiznation upset!
Beau Wildrix::Lol, Wiznation... You guys need a new nickname.
Matt Gilpin::Beau Wildrix I took his statement as that the Wizards fans are upset, not that he's calling for an upset. I mean, look at the guys profile pic, It looks like he's at Cowboys stadium which means he lives near Oklahoma which most likely makes him a Thunder fan. Who knows though.
Steve Brown::When u miss half ur free throws u should lose.  C'mon Wizards.
Laura Marks Simoncini::Heartbreaker
Shawn Bento::Wall still has a broke jumper.
Brett Goldman::Really like how Washington came out tonight, they expect to win and OKC has been caught off guard
Chris Breeding::Apparently not.
Justin McElhaney::I have 2 say Beal is a beast...if he was with OKC no 1 would be able to stop the Thunder...
Nick Bailey::That's exactly what the Thunder need, a consistent 3 point shooter. I'm sure they want Lamb to be that guy, and he might be, but you can't keep wining games and going 20 percent from 3 land.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Learning experience for the young Wizards. Beal played well.
Mike Day::10 point 2nd quarter, real nice
Justin McElhaney::OKC is a 4th quarter team...
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Go back to Gortat on the block.
Swaggerkidboi Jarvis::Thunder struck let go 5-1
Tommy Romeo::There seriously isn't 1 good player on the Wizards.  They just throw up 3's all game and pray for them to go in.  lol Al Harrington...
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::hater much??? beal gortat wall nene
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::durant just does the rip thru amd gets most of his pts off ft and westbrook is a chucker
Tommy Romeo::Beal college player.  Gortat journyeman bum.  Wall can't shoot.  Nene is one of the worst players in history.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::this miss fts gonna kill the wizards.. their playing good defence and getting alot of stops but they got no offence atm
Matt Gilpin::The Harden trade will haunt the Thunder in the long term. They should have payed him instead of having to pay Westbrook.
Maxwell Van Morris::Irrelevant to this game. However, Westbrook will torch wall tonight
Matt Gilpin::Maxwell Van Morris You are underestimating Wall's defense. I won't be shocked if Westbrook has a good game, but saying he'll "torch" him is a little misguided.
Forrest Wolfe::No it wont. Look at the Thunders bench and tell me it isn't good. Go review the finals with Harden or even in the playoffs- he disappeared soon after.  Westbrook > Harden. Period.
