GsU -3000-GsU::wish the Jazz could have won this game... gutsy win by the raptors
sodas32::DEVIN HARRIS SUCKS
Syracuse 2012 champs::Raptors are... WAY better than people realize now. Just wait this team will get hot and contend for the 5-6 seed. HE.LL of a win last night.
NYeltigre::This is the second time free throw shooting  has cost the Jazz a game. The lakers and tonight. Seriously? Youre pros! Make free throws!!! Unfortunately I have a feeling that the Jazz will lose a couple more of these games due to free throw shooting.
NYeltigre::Sad thing about this is THECHEF was right. His wolves beat Dallas and Utah lost. Just an all around upset night in NBA. NJ beat philly too.
Lurp_Gawd::Maybe we can trade Harris for D Will. We are lacking a quality PG and DWill isn't staying in New Jersey if they don't get D12.  This would be better then when the Lakers stole Pau from the Grizz.
NYeltigre::Freaking Kleiza &gt; than the Jazz everytime he plays them!! freaking rediculous. He averages 5 points.
otm4life::Time to bounce back Jazz-men!
n8n8n888::This was a terrible loss.  We missed Jefferson for sure.  That said, there is no excuse for losing to a team like the Raptors, especially as Toronto just played the night before, we held a big lead, and should have been much fresher by the end and into the overtime periods.  This was just a horrid loss.
Snakes22::I am so glad the Jazz have Gordon Hayward! He makes so many contributions to this team.  He is the reason Utah is 10-6. People shouldn't get that down on him because he has so much talent and plays such great D!
NYeltigre::What is great D then Snakes? Give me an education on great D
Snakes22::He does not play great D. You overrate everything about him because you hope he turns into a good player.  He should be getting Jeremy Evans minutes.
NYeltigre::Dumb.... still mad I see. Not gonna deny he played terrible tonight but Corbin should not have had him in down the stretch. As far as the D goes, he did play great D so thanks for agreeing for once.
JazzCeltics::Terrible substitutions by Corbin last night... I was at the game and I wasn't sure Corbin was watching the same game. Harris was tearing it up for probably the first time this year and gets pulled and an 18 point lead slowly dissapears. Millsap was great again but down the stretch is was so painful to watch Gordon, Harris and pretty much everyone but Millsap pass up on open shots.  For all the Jazz fans who like to rip on Jefferson, if he played last night the Jazz would have most likely won because it felt like 1 on five for most of both overtimes. Good game for Kleiza, probably his 2nd best game ever against us (his first was also against us when he was with Denver).
NYeltigre::I agree that the coaching was terrible last night. Not sure why corbin waited so long. The bench has been solid this year and they didnt have it tonight. Corbin should have got the starters in sooner and should have had Cj in down the stretch for Gordan. Man he is struggling so far.
Neonridr::impressive come from behind win for sure.. Raps had no business winning this game after playing on the back-to-back.. Utah isn't the Bulls or the Heat for sure, but Raps have had trouble against the Jazz for years.. nice to see them end that streak.  As happy as I am for being a Raps fan, I am kinda upset they won the last two.. I really am hoping for a high pick for them in a supposedly deep draft this year.  Plus with the Lithuanian player coming next season as well, it will be like having two high first round picks at once..
Raptorsfan080::thanks for the win Utah, told you we'll win!
tacobell_surprise::raptors are night and day with andrea bargnani
CandySparker::Paul Millsap is super.
TAC0REV::This was arguably Harris' best game as a member of the Jazz, and he was still terrible down the stretch. Trade this train wreck ASAP
EMCanada::Okay Jazz, you got beat. Humiliate  Dallas to make up for it.
Freedom Under Attack::I'm proud of my Raptors .......... To bad I missed many of their games this season because most of their games are blacked out in Toronto
tacobell_surprise::there not blacked out . most the games are on tsn2 and raptors tv...
NoChorus12::Hmm. We managed to win again. Despite being the clearly inferior team...  I'm okay with this.
KoraleskiNick::Did Bargnani get hurt again?
jordanjd801::that $@%!$ p.millsap is on my fantasy league $@%!$ is a g he is too sick
Antsea91::LOL I feel your pain
jordanjd801::paul millsap went h.a.m.
Caan2184::ANYWAYS GOOD NIGHT ALL U JAZZ FANS, THANKS 4 THE WIN, REMEMBER DIS RAPTORS NATION RULES...........
aaronb528::*This. idiot.
StockonToMalone::Good news is GSW beat Portland. Closer to the that pick and A loss for a division rival, doesn't get better than that.
Caan2184::WHAT ALL STAR, HE HAD A BIG NITE IN TORONTO, WITH NO BARGNANI, BUT HES NO ALLSTAR, LOVE ALL THE WAY.......
jordanjd801::18 pts 7 boards
jordanjd801::i will look  rip city
Caan2184::WHAT DID ALDRIDGE DO 2NITE
StockonToMalone::I'm starting the the the Amazing Chef aka caan2184 secretly likes the Jazz
Caan2184::NEVER, RAPS ALL THE WAY..................
scow79::Closet Jazz lover?    There are a lot of those around
scow79::I believe Chef changed his name to Caan2184.   Just FYI.   It would make sense.   He writes his comments in all caps and doesn't spell Kahn right
Caan2184::WHO IS CHEF, WHAT DA F@#K U CRAZY JAZZ FANS TALKING ABOUT??????
scow79::"I didn't agree with this guys point of view until I noticed it was written all in caps.   Now I'm convinced he's right."
Caan2184::BURKS 4 DEROZAN, STRAIGHT UP TRADE??????
Caan2184::LEAVE ME ALONE, AND BY THE WAY, WHATS WRONG WIT CAPS
scow79::Nothing at all.   People take you a lot more seriously if you write all in caps
StockonToMalone::hahahaha
joecannon3::Wow I can't believe Watson didn't play a minute in either overtime. What the hell Corbin...what the hell. And pull gordon hayward outta there and put his $@% on the bench until he gets some confidence. Put in high flying J. Evans, at least he plays with some swagger.
utahraiderfan::Just WOW? FREE THROWS?!?!?!?!??
gcd8::sloan knew when to get out, gotta foldem when u know ur beat
aaronb528::I keep saying it we just keep playing down to the competition. terrible defense and hayward was just horrid. get it back friday.
aaronb528::where were you before the game? dont start talking til you win?
Caan2184::KEEP DREAMING, JAZZ DONE!!!
The Utah Joker::Time to zzzzzzz Jazz clean up your mistakes and get ready for the champs  GO JAZZ
Caan2184::LAST TIME RAPS WON IN UTAH, VINCE CARTER WAS A RAPTOR, SHAME SHAME UTAH, UR GOING 2 THE LOTTERY 4 SURE THIS YEAR..................
grsshppr::Wow.  somebody made a great point earlier on here.  Anything can happen on any given night.  Washington beat the Thunder, but would you imbeciles say the Thunder are headed to the lottery.  Yup.  I just put the Jazz in the same class as the Thunder.  We were just in second place in the west the other day.  That will be maintained throughout this season as we bounce back from a tough loss.  Good luck getting to .500 Raptors.  You need a record 20 straight wins for the season for any team with no losses to get there.  Good luck
aaronb528::and use proper grammar for christ sake. who anyone who types "dat" is stupid.
Caan2184::we are garbage, no question about dat, but if u lose to the raps, what are the jazz??????
aaronb528::notorious for playing down to competition and giving bad teams hope.
Raptorsfan787878::Yeah you guys are going to the lottery this year!!!
AceyUT::lol at the lottery pick jokes.. jazz still have a winning record and are still in the playoff race as of today... the raptors?  haha please..
Caan2184::4 SURE, U LOSE TO RAPS, UR GOING LOTTERY
scow79::We'll see you guys there
Caan2184::and we will draft a good player, in one of the best draft class 2012
StockonToMalone::You do realize our leading scorer, Jefferson, sat out right?
AceyUT::im in your defense.. fact that people think the jazz are a lottery team just shows how little they know about basketball.. if you dont show up on any given night you are gonna get beat..  at the end of the day, the jazz are still in the playoff hunt and have a better record than the team they lost too..
StockonToMalone::Yeah I know, but he said they are going to be a lottery team like they are going to lose like this every night. So I just said that they didn't have jefferson tonight. I'm not bashing the Raptors, don't get so sensitive
AceyUT::makes a huge difference during the game... not in overtime..
Caan2184::so what, bargnani was out 4 the overtime
The Great Sabu::How many times are you going to make this irrelevant point. Raptors were on the back end of a back-back and had Bayless and Bargnani getting back into game shape, not to mention lost their best player early in the first OT.
scow79::Strangely if this happens I'm okay with this
StockonToMalone::7th protected, but they should do better than that now curry is back
Caan2184::is it protected????
StockonToMalone::But we have golden states draft pick...
scow79::Minnesota doesn't get our pick if we're in the lottery.   I want the Jazz to make the playoffs, but I don't see it happening with the rough road schedule ahead
Caan2184::really, wow, its over in utah....................
StockonToMalone::Why, minnesota has our first round draft pick, top 14 protected
METSnJETS11::That's it Raps, gutsy win to get back on track. Let's make it 8 W's in a row this time.
gcd8::2010 nba draft 1. john wall 2. evan turner 3.derrick favors 4. wesley johnson 5. demarcus cousins 6. ekpe oduh 7. greg monroe 8.al faror amani 9. gordon hayward    talk about hall of famers, none
gcd8::hayward will be selling insurance, cousins will be in jail  wesley in europe and the names i can't pronounce one will be doing missionary work in africa
The Utah Joker::how can you call them hall of famers in a draft
rbmw263::Favors would be averaging a double double if he wasnt behind Big Al
gcd8::half the guys will be out of the league soon
gcd8::evan turners  clone sullinger will be another top 5 pick BUST
adamsbrian88::it's only been 1 1/2 seasons give it some more time
UrMom288::Monroe is playing like a beast this year,but I sure don't see any HOFers there...
gcd8::2011 nba draft class is pretty bad too,
StockonToMalone::Kinda hard to judge hall of famers on their second year.
gcd8::i don't think thre is 2 players avg double digit points
R Barron::^wrong
scow79::Far better than this years
The Utah Joker::Millsap should be an all star top 3 power forward in the West 1. Love 2.Blake 3. Millsap
scow79::Yeah I think Jefferson would make it before Millsap.   Too much competition at PF in the West
The Utah Joker::the Jazz need an all star the other option is Al who also gives a big case
rbmw263::blake is overrated bc of his highlights, and freak athleticism. no way could he carry a team the way Aldrige carries pdx
UrMom288::But he is a human highlight reel... I would rather watch him in the all-star game than Millsap...
The Utah Joker::Millsap has even outplayed the top 2 on my list
scow79::You're leaving out Aldrige.   He's the reason Millsap won't be an all-star sad to say
Caan2184::KEVIN LOVE IS THE BEST POWER FORWARD, PLAYS ON THE WOLVES, DOES EVERYTHING...................
Raptorsfan787878::I would rather have bargs than love.
The Great Sabu::I'm sure you'd rather have Kleiza or James Johnson the LBJ as well.
scow79::Millsap had 26 against him the other night
Caan2184::HOW MANY HAVE POWER FORWARD HAVE BIG GAMES, WHEN LOVE DEFENDS THEM, U ARE ALL HATERS
The Utah Joker::18 PF how many games have they played 18 ouch
scow79::Chef??   Is that you?
The Great Sabu::Pretty sure Bargnani went off on him. And most other PF's as well.
scow79::Yeah defense is kind of important
The Great Sabu::Except defend... or have any really offensive skills other then rebounding and shooting 3's
The Utah Joker::but defense
UrMom288::Holy $@%! what a crappy game...  We seem to lay 1/2 a dozen eggs a season.  This could be the end of the good times here...  Schedule is going to get MUCH worse...
UrMom288::And why does Kleiza come out swinging against the Jazz?  We sure like to give small role players the games of their lives...
turi1070::Toronto 111 Utah 106 Whats more to discuss ???? I do not understand. You haters out there are espn analysts wanna be
turi1070::i was just about to say the same thing about you but i do not know you - aim letting you be the idiot - get it ???
rbmw263::this is a comment board, upon which the game is discussed. your an idiot.
turi1070::there she did it again
turi1070::i think it was ur mom
UrMom288::Zing!
UrMom288::Boy somebody sure liked your comment quickly!
The Utah Joker::again
The Utah Joker::i did it
The Utah Joker::i have a high self of steam
StockonToMalone::Yeah who likes their own comments?
scow79::Favors needs to get an offensive game.   Kind of sad that Toronto had Kleiza on him and the Jazz still didn't bother going inside to him
rbmw263::Its a good thing he has one of the best post players in the league to learn from
adamsbrian88::true he needs to be pushed to do more offensively
gcd8::isn't he part of the 2010 worst nba draft class
rockandr2::if harris could have made those last 3 free throws and hayward would have contributed more......utah would have won!!
R Barron::^burn
gcd8::If byu allowed pre martial sex maybe byu wouldn't of been knocked out by florida in ncaa tourny
adamsbrian88::cups?
turi1070::if michael jordan did not retire the bulls would have won 20 champions cups by now
aaronb528::last i checked it wasnt a cup
Caan2184::what does ur c@#k have 2 do wit hoops, go home
The Great Sabu::If Bargnani didn't go out with an injury...
gcd8::if i had a 13 inch cak i could of been a porn star
gcd8::who will finish year higher in standing jazz or lakers
grsshppr::The clippers have a show boat team not a great team.  Everybody who's anybody on television who does this kind of thing for a living says so.  They're fun to watch but when it comes down to it they don't have a solid enough team to be real contenders in the end.
turi1070::definitely the clippers before any of them
The Amazing Chef::hey
aaronb528::I'm not surprised poor performance after the 1st quarter. Jazz let teams back into games they should never be in anyway.
killeryams1779::Calling it right now...Jazz will not make the playoffs
Caan2184::agree, going to the lottery
StockonToMalone::Good thing no one cares about your opinion
The Utah Joker::Sad lose just have to play the next one  GO JAZZ p.s.  make freethrows
Caan2184::BARGNANI OR ALDRIDGE, WHOS BETTER?????
The Great Sabu::Last comment either proves Caan is a troll or is a stat watcher.
Caan2184::kevin love is the best power forward period...........
Caan2184::bargnani will be all star before aldridge
rbmw263::Aldrige might be the best PF in the game right now
The Great Sabu::He's not.  But you are.
Caan2184::are u dumb????
gcd8::aldridge needs get his $@% inside stop shooting so much
swaggamento916::bargnani cus he can shoot better
adamsbrian88::I really wish that millsap would get more credit, he's about as legit as any other PF in the league especially head to head with the big names
Caan2184::CAN ALDRIDGE SHOOT 3s, DRIVE TO BASKET, AND PLAY CENTER OR POWER FORWARD LIKE A SHOOTING GUARD......
grsshppr::@ Caan2184 the answers are as follows: sometimes, yes, but better, yes and yes but all better than Barg's
The Great Sabu::No, but he doesn't rebound like a small forward either.
StockonToMalone::Millsap
Raptorsfan787878::Bargs
Syracuse 2012 champs::lol... and there it is
The Great Sabu::Anyone who doesn't say Aldridge should never be allowed to watch basketball again.  Coming from a Raptors fan.
The Great Sabu::Actually, I think Bargnani is much quicker. He has a much better first step, but Aldridge is stronger on the block, great post moves to go with a really nice midrange game.  Plus he doesn't rebound like he's a SF.
grsshppr::Aldrige is a better all around player with mad skillz inside and has a great shot from inside the ARC.  Bargnani is a great shooter but can't move quite as quickly as Aldrige
adamsbrian88::aldrige, I really like the low post moves
Syracuse 2012 champs::Aldridge right now. But in a couple years that could change. Bargnani moves better for his size and has a better shot.
rbmw263::aldrige is money inside the 3 line
The Amazing Chef::Go wolves
gcd8::only problem with wolves jonny flyn and wes johnson picks aren't looking so great
gcd8::rubbio has been better than i thought, i expected him to be garbage
gcd8::prob not 10 people here
rbmw263::you have issues
turi1070::you guys should give some credit to toronto eve though the standings show otherwise mark my word they are a team in rising
grsshppr::They did play well, but we didn't play like we normally do and pretty much gave the game to Toronto. Just saying.    Once again the Raptors did play a pretty good game but there are way too many if's to say they just won it on sheer skill.  What if they had not made that three at the end of regulation.  The game would've been over right then.
turi1070::The Great Sabu for stats MVP
The Great Sabu::Much better team with Il Mago.  6-7 with him 0-6 without him.
The Amazing Chef::Okay, listen everyone I admit, i was being a little jerk tonight. Im sorry. But im upset that you all make fun of me for liking the wolves and cheering my heart out for them. Im sorry everyone. Go wolves
The Utah Joker::if i took everything like you do i couldnt function just go on and cheer for YOUR team  not boo OUR team
Raptorsfan787878::wolves have a great young point guard
grsshppr::Never give up on your team nobody should.  I don't like wayword or fair weather fans at all.  At least you're true to your team.  They aren't very good at all, but I've seen the Jazz at their worst and still cheer for them.  Good for you.  Keep it up but try not to take away the fact that the Jazz are actually playing pretty good this season.  They were .500 before their loss tonight.  The raptors need 20 straight wins to get to .500 with no losses.
StockonToMalone::His mommy probably saw the computer and told him to apologize
Raptorsfan787878::I think i will parade down Youge st. with a giant Raptors flag screaming Raptors win!!!...more User ID:http://sportsnation.espn.go.com/fans/raptorsfan787878
movieboyzz::We had no biz losing to this horrible team
turi1070::they are not horrible they are just young
Caan2184::SO TRUE, BUT THE RAPS ARE GETTING BETTER, WATCH OUT NEXT YEAR
