Domowild::is Okl -2 sounds like a trap to anyone??
Metta.World.Hate::You could just say they beat them.  You don't have to say they were too much for them, you flipping drama queens.
Unbiasedfan83::Still waiting on a 10 assist game from Durant
huntingfishing::dont need 10 assist  game when you can score at will
superseminole2::WOW durantula is a beast OKC thunder 2012 nba champions!!!!!!! i voted harden westbrook and durant in the allstar game YOU SHOULD TOO
ok_sooner82::so far this season Warrior fans have been the worst on the the boards some I've seen have been classy but most have been obnocxious
rjblives::What would you want from a Warriors fan? Warrior have sucked for the past 20 years except for barely making the playoffs 1 season and having a great 1st round series win over Dallas... After that the team was pretty much gutted, coached fired, sold to new owners that are no better than the previous one and the pending move of the team to cater to Cooperations instead insane loyal fans that make up the Warriors fan base.
Baseballbill1::Any of you Warrior fans still up, or did you cry yourselves to sleep...yet again
Shadow_Boxer_WVU::I am a closet Warriors fan..Why ? Because the team has a awesome fanbase and are so exciting to watch because of it.. But the closet part is they never ever play defense or bring guys in that can. Curry or Ellis keep one and trade one..Me I keep Ellis because I see Curry always being hurt and not a star.. But Warrior fans you no doubt deserve a winner
WarriorsGO::Get rid of Mark Jackson and let the real coach Malone take over and make a huge trade, because this team is going nowhere fast.
WarriorsGO::Not only are we not winning games this year, we are not even winning at home. This is even worse then previous years.
Baseballbill1::Kevin Durant is not that bad....
superseminole2::not that bad? hes skinny as crap and got 37 points and 14 rebounds
Pinkycuh::No joke, don't knw if u noticed, 2 of the players that helped win, skipped town...dallas needs to kiss the sh&amp;% out that ring, it's the only one they are getting! Like dirk said, shut it down, it's over, let's go home!!!!!
wookiejesus::Nate's worth so much more than that to a team, heck we paid him more than that to be a cheerleader .... and you guys are getting quality minutes and some soul for your team of zombies.  You need to pay him a decent wage.
BOOMERSOONERSalltheway::I would gladly take $785,000 in a year.
rrballer34::do you guys really have nothing better to do on a friday night than $@%!$ about how the refs called the game i mean seriously ive never heard so many complaining pieces of shi t in my life.
The_West_Coast_Bias::And with your post, you became a complaining piece of shi t yourself...
white01150::reason why the Warriors are 6-12? Because they shoot an average of almost 30 3pt shots per game. Warriors are a slightly better younger version of the Suns except with no fast break and no discipline. Seriously? 12 of 28 3's and 4 of them coming when the game was decided and 1 from a half court prayer. Perfect example of why teams that focus on the 3 primarily don't really do that well.
305condor305::BIEDRINS AND UDOH CAN BOTH SCORE
305condor305::THUNDER SHOULD TRADE FOR COURTNEY FORTSON
WIkalikalou::Can we agree that Perkins is terrible? One of the biggest offensive liabilities in the entire NBA.
S4TISF4CTION::What Perkins does, doesn't show up in the box score. Actually watch the game before you open your $@%!$@% mouth again.
S4TISF4CTION::Yeah because Krstic was so much better...
badbeatkking::That has to be career stats for Thabeet , right? This guy wouldnt make a rec team if he was 6 ft
WIkalikalou::Yeah, Perkins isn't exactly amazing on the glass either.
Lavableman::I think he's part of the reason as to why the Wizards beat the Thunder.  0 points and 5 defensive rebounds?  Way to go, man.
badbeatkking::Have you two seen Hasheem Thabeet play?
gt1master_ike::In a half court offense, you are literally playing 4 on 5  on offense when ever jordan is on the court. No post moves, horrible footwork,hasn't made a FG out of the paint since he has entered the league i believe. Just sit at the rim and get put backs.
gt1master_ike::deandre jordan
zdiddy693::besides the nigg er part..i agree with you dj is a beast very underrated.. the clippers dont need dj to score or run plays. he does a perfect job on put backs. lobs  and hustle plays. future all star
gt1master_ike::Ok, shut up now. You are just confusing and embarassing yourself even though no one else is here to see it. Im done with this.
rrballer34::dude i watch more games than you probably do dj is as athletic as any big man in the league hes actually a pretty good post player from what i have watched and a powerful finisher who doesn't get blocked to often
gt1master_ike::He is a liability because he is useless in a half court offense. I already explained this to you below. He has horrible footwork, no low post game and can only score off of putbacks. If you actually watched a game instead of just watching highlights, you might see this. And if he could do anything other than dunk a basketball, he would be a more integral part of the clippers offense because none of their bigs beside blake can actually have offense run through them in the half court.
rrballer34::i have a lot more than you thats for damn sure. i want to know your reasoning behind deandre jordan being the biggest offensive liabilitie in the entire nba.. and don't tell me cuz his jump shot becuase hes a center most centers don't have a jump shot..... seriously man you probably won't even reply to this cuz i just burned you like an iron
gt1master_ike::You obviously have  zero basketball knowledge so i will just ignore you from now on. Good day to you sir.
rrballer34::once again this stupid nigg er doesnt know shi t about basketball deandre jordan shoots about 70 percent from the floor and could easily avg. 14 a game if he didn't already have 5 different scorers on his team
antistratfordian::joel anthony
305condor305::I REALLY THOUGHT THE WARRIORS WOULD BE GOOD THIS YEAR.  I WAS WRONG, AGAIN
yograndma821::don't ever think that. 90% of the time you will end up being disapoointed.  also we'll go nowhere with mark jackson should be fired ASAP
venom9247::Me too....  they are couple pieces away from being a dynamic team.....  warriors lost some tough games this year
gt1master_ike::I hope the hornets are able to steal harden away when his contract is up.
Inesperado19::<b>No one wants to play for the Hornets dude..</b>
gt1master_ike::Well i can't blame them.
venom9247::that was some serious garbage when that trade was denied  stern has ruined the game...
badbeatkking::Robert how do my balls taste? You have been hanging off them by your tongue for like a hour so the taste had to kick in by now
Robert29124::thanks bro.
305condor305::THAT WAS SARCASM, BRO
badbeatkking::Nice comeback Rob. I knew you were oh so witty!
Robert29124::dont you do that with your boyfriend ?
badbeatkking::Lol at you Robert12345567 cool name you dork. I would love to pound your mother while you watch. I would turn around and give you a vanilla frosty to your face
Robert29124::why dont you and beatking become boyfriends you would be great for each other im sure he would" beat "you off
305condor305::EVERYONE IS A WINNER!!!
Robert29124::your probably some lazy bum that never exercises and just sits on his couch and watches tv
badbeatkking::Robert you sit on C ock for a living. Who in the hell would listen to you? Your a ss is way too sore to even know what your saying.
Robert29124::no i dont . because you feel the need to lash out  you are just proving my point of how you are a useless human being that is never going to contribute to society
Robert29124::false
badbeatkking::Good luck with that you little puke. Everything I said is the truth.
Robert29124::yea you just felt the need to say it over over over and over again
305condor305::"$@%" = "LICK"
Robert29124::no im just pointing out how big of an idiot you are. i would like to kick your $@% for you though
CandySparker::All Excellent Thunder the Great
JonC77::who thinks bob fitzgerald should be fired
yograndma821::i absolutely hate bob fitzgerald...worst broudcaster ever...He always gets way too excited over little things(mostly about stuff udoh does) and constantly blames everything on the ref to the point where the other guy has to call him out on it
305condor305::WHO IS BOB FITZHERALD?
badbeatkking::Who know who he is is a better question
JonC77::isnt this a warriors board?
Inesperado19::<b>Allen Iverson is the best player in the NBA.</b>
305condor305::NBA-TURKEY
305condor305::HE SHOULD HAVE PRACTICED
antistratfordian::"in the year 2000"
venom9247::allen iverson wasted the ended of his career...he just lost his mind...  practice?
venom9247::the music was the best in the 90's  the sports, tv shows, movies, everything..    im glad i grew up in the 90's....feel lucky..people these days don't know what they missed...best times.
305condor305::THEY STILL MAKE MOVIES AND MUSIC????
antistratfordian::no
rrballer34::so if kevin durant gets a ring this year does that finally make him a better player than lebron james?
Rolltide4203::yeah thats way to low for wbrook imo
gt1master_ike::My top 5 assuming everyone is healthy is lebron, wade, dwight, kobe, durant, then 5-10 is dirk, rose,paul, westbrook and d will in descending order.
Rolltide4203::top 5 imo.. i guess its really close between him and durant.. my top 5 in no order right now are durant lebron howard kobe westbrook- then right there is rose paul love aldridge carmelo griffin wade dirk.. ofcourse wade and dirk would be higher if wade had been healthy and if dirk was trying.
gt1master_ike::Where do you rank rank westbrook in terms of players.... top 5 , top 10?
Rolltide4203::Id probably go with westbrook bc of speed, defense and athleticism- better rebounder for his position and really really close as a scorer.
Rolltide4203::I wonder who will get 6th man of the year- harden or mo williams?
gt1master_ike::For now yes ,but i i think westbrook dominates his position doing more things than durant does at his position.
Rolltide4203::westbrook is great on d- tonight for example getting 7 steals
Rolltide4203::I know. do u think durant is a better player than westbrook?
gt1master_ike::Yes westbrook great defender at his position but i was talking about durant.
gt1master_ike::I call him slightly above average at best.
Rolltide4203::I think durant is up there with the best.. I think westbrook is arguably as good or better as an overall player, as an overall player westbrook is better.
gt1master_ike::Durant is a great player but not the best. If he could defend as well as say a gerald wallace, maybe you could call him the best.
Rolltide4203::durant is a really good defender actually.
Rolltide4203::dirk is better.
Marco5380::At flopping around like a dying fish....
badbeatkking::Not a better 4th qtr finisher, but overall he is better! Especially if the game is called correctly by the refs
antistratfordian::durant can never be better than lebron
SoonersTheDestroyers::Always better than Lebron
gt1master_ike::Why would that make him the best player? Did dirk winning a ring make him better than lebron?
badbeatkking::Me
Robert29124::you should just go to bed you have lost all credibility tonight
305condor305::WHO SAYS LEBRON IS BETTER????
Marco5380::Stats....
d butler16::obviously
AIadvocate::Scott Skiles needs to put a lid on some of these players...Harden "Best team in the NBA...but we're humble" and Westbrook with his taunts...I want to like the Thunder but they are some punks man
AIadvocate::Theres a way to act and they are giving people who think the NBA is full of idiotic thugs a lot of credibility
Pinkycuh::Look, they got best record. Outside of that, who cares. If you do, get a life.
white01150::Ahhh, does you poor wittle butt hurt?
WIkalikalou::They need to be better role models....like the Denver Nuggets!
Marco5380::No one ever said they were supposed to be role models....
JDyNaStY24xX::Scott brooks
antistratfordian::they're fake tough guys
venom9247::yo momma's so fat......when she wore a malcom X  t-shirt......a helicopter came in for a landing
Robert29124::badbeatkking did you know the button below the tab on the left side of the key board will take the caps lock off ?
Robert29124::the difference is i read posts that arent in all caps  but oh wait so do you . There is no need to be a liar bro
305condor305::I ONLY READ POSTS THAT ARE ALL CAPS
305condor305::OBVIOUSLY YOU READ POSTS IN ALL CAPS TOO
Robert29124::talk to beatking you guys can become friends
badbeatkking::Even though they are 3x as likely to read
badbeatkking::I guess people take it offensively?
305condor305::WHY IS ALL CAPS CONSIDERED SHOUTING???
Robert29124::he seems like the kind of person that would be easily confused so i figured i would just help him out a little
badbeatkking::Ok gotcha, thanks man. Been looking for that thing for 2 years. Whew, the burden has been lifted. Everyone thought I was yelling all the time. Well goodbye to those days.
Robert29124::glad i could help
d butler16::bet thats how he talks. shouting
Robert29124::it says caps on it
305condor305::MINE SAYS "CAPS LOCK"
Lakefan79::at least durant didn't jack up 10 3's like last time
WIkalikalou::I'm sure it was Westbrook's fault last time.
Inesperado19::<b>Thunder fans:  "We're gonna win the championship this year for sure!!!"  ...  "Well... maybe next year guys..."</b>
JDyNaStY24xX::That's actually the Heat. lol
Marco5380::Mark Cuban:  "Mavs are a better team this year than last year."  Then he woke up and realized the Mavs missed the playoffs
WIkalikalou::No, that's Texas Rangers and Dallas Cowboys fans.
S4TISF4CTION::Another stupid $@% comment.
Lavableman::Pretty sure every team's fans say that.  Unless it's the Nets.
venom9247::beatking's momma is so stupid she tripped over a cordless phone.......she thought a quarterback was a refund..  remember the momma jokes
badbeatkking::Yep the 90's! Gas 90 cents.
venom9247::the music was the best in the 90's the sports, movies, everything..  im glad i grew up in the 90's....feel lucky..people these days don't know what they missed...best times
badbeatkking::THOSE WERE THE DAYS
venom9247::yeah man...i miss the 90's
venom9247::back in the day
antistratfordian::Harden's shirt and beard have become one.
badbeatkking::GAME WASNT EVEN CLOSE IF CALLED CORRECTLY, BUT ANYWAYS I STILL WON BUT THIS SPORT SUCKS. BRING INTEGRITY BACK TO THE GAME.. I MISS THE NBA! QUIT CALLING ALL THESE TOUCH FOULS TO GET THE GAMES SCORE HIGHER, PROVEN FACT. WHY DO YOU THINK THEY ADDED RULES TO A CENTURY YEAR OLD GAME?
NigsWantKFC::After last year's playoffs, most of Mavs fans crawled out of their holes.
WIkalikalou::Kevin Durant had 7 turnovers. Isn't that terrible guys? They'll never win the championship with him. They should trade him.
Lakefan79::at least he didn't jack up 10 3's this game
Lavableman::Serge Ibaka didn't have a block tonight?  Say hello to free agency!
Rolltide4203::The thunder really are unreal.. westbrook and durant are as good as it gets in the nba.. best duo there is.
Rolltide4203::u must not watch basketball.. durant is unreal, westbrook is unreal. this combines for the best record in the nba.. neither is a burden to the other.. westbrook is just as good a scorer as nyone in the league.
Rolltide4203::I dont understand that one at all.. u make 0 sense
Ellis_Curry::a duo cant be good if one person  is a burden for the other
AItheAnswer0001::You are clueless, how does that feel? Westbrook makes Durant better.
gt1master_ike::Difference between Durant and Kobe and MJ  as scorers is their rate of assisted field Goals made. MJ and Kobe were around the low 30 % for their career. Durant is pretty much in the high 50 % in his young early career. Until he learns how to score more buckets by himself, he won't reach MJ and Kobe's scoring feats.
ok_sooner82::really thats why Durrant is 2nd in the league in shooting percentage at 50.8% , Kobe is 45.4 % lebron 54.9% the only reason Kobe is avg 30 ppg is because he is avg 24.4 attempts per game really c'mon and get real thats not good..Example KD is avg 25.7 ppg with 18.7 attempts even Lebron as much as I dislike him is better 29.1 ppg on 19,4 attempts
Jennertalia::put him on the Hornets and he'd score 40 a game.
AIadvocate::Compare Iverson and Jordan and Durant when it comes to scoring...AI 4 scoring titles, Kobe 2...Iverson 2nd highest playoff average after Jordan...please..get it right...Iverson is closer to Jordan when it comes to offensive ability, Kobe is a wannabe
Rolltide4203::iversons shooting percentage was horrendous.
rrballer34::i think youd be better off sellin drugs or stealing something than analyzing basketball
rrballer34::yeah he wasnt the youngest nba scoring chamion or nothing your a $@%!$@% idiot dumb nig ger
Rolltide4203::u cant be that ignorant? his scoring going down has to do with westbrook and harden becoming great scorers as well. It doesnt mean durant isnt as good as he was. hes obviously a better player than he was then. wow ur dumb
gt1master_ike::Scoring champ whose scoring has gone down the 3 years. Already hit his peak scoring year at 30 PPG.
305condor305::this guy is right
WIkalikalou::The only thing separating Durant and Bryant is rape. He'll never be on the same level until he commits one.
Robert29124::Classless
Rolltide4203::one of the dumber things i think i have ever heard.
gt1master_ike::Well maybe you should learn to read with comprehension
antistratfordian::He hasn't even scored 50 yet.  You might be on to something.
venom9247::BEATKING was CUT OFF OXYGEN as a kid
Ellis_Curry::THANK YOU THUNDER FOR MAKING OUR TEAM REALIZE THAT WE NEED CHANGE AND FOR HELPING US KEEP OUR 1ST ROUND PICK IM GOING TO TYPE IN CAPS LIKE THAT OTHER OBNOXIOUS PERSON TO SEE IF I GET A RESPONSE LOL
Robert29124::i was referring to badbeatkking
Kuntbelieveit1::so was badbeatking
Ellis_Curry::huh?
badbeatkking::RESPONSE, DUMMY
Kuntbelieveit1::thats what he meant
Kuntbelieveit1::at least i will sleep tonight
Robert29124::you'r the dummy
badbeatkking::IVE BEEN BANKING OFF THESE SYSTEM PLAYS FOR TWO WKS. UP OVER 5K IN THIS SPAN ALL THANKS TO DONAGHY. BUT AT THE SAME TIME MY INNOCENCE WAS STRIPPED OF THE SPORT AND ONCE YOU HAVE INSIGHT THEN YOU WILL REALIZE WHAT THIS SPORT IS ALL ABOUT,,,, WITH THAT BEING SAID WHEN THE REFS LITERALLY CALL TWICE AS MANY FOULS ON YOU AS YOUR OPPONENT, YOU LOST BEFORE THE GAME STARTED!!!!. NBA IS FU CK ING RIGGED
antistratfordian::You must've lost a lot of money tonight
badbeatkking::1 PERSON LIKED THIS SO SOMEONE CARED YOU FUC KING RE $@%!
JDyNaStY24xX::u talkin bout me? I don't like my own comments
Marco5380::You liking your own post doesnt count....
JDyNaStY24xX::yeah, u liked it
JDyNaStY24xX::Dude, no one cared the 1st time u said it, why say it over and over?
Inesperado19::<b>Anyone remember how the Mavs embarrassed the Thunder last postseason?  lol at Thunder fans thinking their team is a contender.  LMAO</b>
Pinkycuh::No joke, don't knw if u noticed, 2 of the players that helped win, skipped town...dallas needs to kiss the sh&amp;% out that ring, it's the only one they are getting! Like dirk said, shut it down, it's over, let's go home!!!!!
305condor305::if I were a Mavs fan, I would just be happy with the results of last year and just keep my mouth shut.  Your glory days are over.
Jamarican82::Mouthbreather Nowitzki will be in a wheelchair by the playoffs. Sorry losers.
NigsWantKFC::lol at Mavs fans thinking their team will make the playoffs. LMAO
Robert29124::you should be laughing at badbeatkking he is the biggest joke tonight
Ellis_Curry::westbrook is the only thing holding durant back from being the best SCORER to ever play the game
Rolltide4203::and the only thing holding westbrook back from leading the nba in scoring is durant.. total ignorance. westbrook is right there with durant as a player. it would be ridiculous to act like he doesnt deserve as many shots as durant
Lakefan79::OKC might be a 8th seed
Marco5380::Yer a moron......Lakers might make the playoffs....
305condor305::ehhhhh
rrballer34::without westbrook they wouldnt be 16-3
305condor305::there it is
badbeatkking::IVE BEEN BANKING OFF THESE SYSTEM PLAYS FOR TWO WKS. UP OVER 5K IN THIS SPAN ALL THANKS TO DONAGHY. BUT AT THE SAME TIME MY INNOCENCE WAS STRIPPED OF THE SPORT AND ONCE YOU HAVE INSIGHT THEN YOU WILL REALIZE WHAT THIS SPORT IS ALL ABOUT,,,, WITH THAT BEING SAID WHEN THE REFS LITERALLY CALL TWICE AS MANY FOULS ON YOU AS YOUR OPPONENT, YOU LOST BEFORE THE GAME STARTED!!!!. NBA IS FU CK ING RIGGED
d butler16::quit typin in caps
Kuntbelieveit1::he doesn't realize it he is still watching replays of the game
NigsWantKFC::I don't understand you...
venom9247::did anyone watch the knicks game?...  the knicks were chuckin up shots from everywhere...its was disgraceful
305condor305::yeah, the knicks are one of the worst coached teams in the history of the nba; right there with orlando
Ellis_Curry::they are bound to make at least one
antistratfordian::They took 43 three pointers.
venom9247::haha yeah...dantoni needs to stop coaching....seriously
91Magic::Westbrook is not the 2nd option for OKC.  The refs are.
Rolltide4203::he was saying without westbrook they would be the 8 seed, how did u not understand that?
Ellis_Curry::all joking aside westbrook is the only thing holding durant back from being the best SCORER to ever play the game
Marco5380::Im pretty sure if they win their division then they wont be the 8th seed Einstein....
Lakefan79::or being the 8th seed in the playoffs.
Marco5380::Keep crying....
WIkalikalou::Was that supposed to be clever? You make Rick Perry seem witty.
rrballer34::for all you westbrook haters out there hate on these stats.. 28 points while shooting 50 percent with 11 assissts 6 rebounds and 7 steals
Rolltide4203::how could anyone think westbrook is anything but great?
WIkalikalou::Westbrook is terrible. I mean the team is 16-3....that sucks.
rrballer34::yes he had 7 turnovers he does need to work on that we all know it but one negative does not negate all the positive things russell does for okc
dreamhax::he has a $@%! jumpshot though
gt1master_ike::And 7 turnovers
antistratfordian::if he can shoot 50% more often he'd get a lot of people off his back
Rolltide4203::go look at this years stats-- he shoots 50 percent or better most games
91Magic::Tons of turnovers
badbeatkking::REFS SWUNG THIS GAME BY OVER 20 POINTS TONIGHT, IF ANY OF YOU ARE STILL UNINFORMED ABOUT THE NBA, PLEASE CALL TIM DONAGHY, IN WHICH IS FAIRLY EASY TO DO, AND HE WILL GIVE YOU THE LOCK OF THE NIGHT SIMPLY OFF THE REFS,,,, WITH THAT BEING SAID. WHEN THE REFS LITERALLY CALL TWICE AS MANY FOULS ON YOU AS YOUR OPPONENT, YOU LOST BEFORE THE GAME STARTED!!!!. NBA IS FU CK ING RIGGED
Jamarican82::Give it up Dip-s hit.
Kuntbelieveit1::I KUNTBELIEVIT WHAT A B ITCH
Jamarican82::You're just pissed Westbrook is f ucking your sister. Give it up $@%!$@%.
gt1master_ike::It looks like d rose started his MVP tear a bit early this year.
Inesperado19::<b>The Mavs still own the Thunder... Better hope you don't face them again come playoff time OKC fans</b>
ok_sooner82::really did u not see the 2 pre season games and 2 reg games OKC owns the Mavs..and better hope the Mavs make the playoffs what they r like 7th in the division...LMAO
LandMan152::Better hope the Mavs make the playoffs.
WIkalikalou::Aren't they like 4 games over .500? Congratulations.
JDyNaStY24xX::I can do this all day. Your moves are just g a y
LandMan152::OKC will have home-court advantage throughout the entirety of the playoffs. And they won't lose a series with home-court advantage.
ok_sooner82::really coming from a fan who's team is not even in the top 8 of their own conference and if they don't fix their problems will miss the playoffs for the 1st time in what 30 yrs
Lakefan79::they have yet to beat a elite team in the playoffs
