njkaplan::D'Antoni is gone.  This is the end of the crappy Knicks as we know them.  Goodbye Mike.  I liked you as a person but as a coach you were ok but just not that great.  Sorry dude.  Good fortunes to you.
mrhiep::J.Lin is not a rookie. Stop saying he is
nj2519::why worry? even he's a rookie, he's a wonderful rookie, compared with his pay, he's amazing.
wetheeffbest::sources say lin was evicted feom his apartm nt..... Mpved in with his brother only to be moved to tje basement.. The.dog.took.his.couch as a last dinner for the dog before he was.to be executed to be dinner
linsidemebaby::Why comments for a blowout below 5000?
WeAreTheMIB::A 42-point beatdown of the Blazers to open the post-D'Antoni era in NY...ya gotta love it.
nj2519::not so fast! it's simply a game. we'll see!
wetheeffbest::soy dauce made by lin!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Stephen A. Smith: "Jeremy Lin is an average player.."  Random ESPN Nerd: "Jeremy Lin is SUPERSTAR.."  I'll take the expert basketball analyst for ESPN, FOR THE WIN.
Ismar9921::ant wait to see you all sucking melo`d dick the rest of season when we increase our wins
jeff40108::for some people down there: Lin has 8.4 assist before baron return  and he stay on court for  avg 26.4 min it's normal for him to have 3.7 to  we see a new light in Lin and see a selfish failure in bd
JBissainthe::You're over looking something: Turnovers! I'm a Jeremy Lin fan much like everyone else but I'm must say that if he doesn't cut down on the turnovers, he'll never, ever be among the top tier point guards in the league. And I bet he knows that, he's too smart. He knows he's got to quiet all the skeptics out there so I hope he really works on his ball handling over the summer or he's going to be riding the pine. I would prefer his stats lines are 12-15 points, 7-10 assists, 3-5 rebounds, 2 steals and 2-3.25 turnovers rather than 20-25 points, 12-15 assists, 5-6 boards, 3-6 steals, and 6-8 turnovers per game. He's got quality players around him. He just has to TAKE CARE OF THE BALL! I've been watching the NBA for over 25 years, so I'm not just casual fan. I'm pulling for him but if he persists in turning it over he won't have much of a future in the league......period.
LoveGodMiracle::Glad we still have rational loyal fan...
yale203::Well, Sessions goes to Lakers as their PG.  "Sessions is averaging 10.5 points and 5.2 assists for the Cavs this season and fills a need for the Lakers, who have been in the market for a true point guard."  Funny, Lin's stats are waaayy better than Sessions' yet some are suggesting that Lin should be benched.  Wow, moronic.
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Sessions comes off the bench, and Lin is a starter.  No wonder Lin's stats are better.  Idiot
yale203::Lin will rise again.  No worries.  He really has only had one weak games out of all his games.  The Miami game.  Last night he didn't score a lot but his shooting percentage was fine.
fionadly::test
ChippewaDave::anyone know Lin's assist to turnover ratio?  Must be about 1:1.
Plucky Purcell::more like 3:2
nygiants731::what a close game bahahaha ive never seen such a blowout in my life did the knicks smoke crack before the game cuz they were doin wheel barrell dunks n all other fancy crap!!!!!!!
fionadly::quiet? anyone?
0neEyeDWiLLy::BARONNNNNNNNN BaRONNNNNNNNN BARONNNNNNNN!!!!
0neEyeDWiLLy::HATERRRR HATERRRRR HATERRRRR
fionadly::what's wrong with this kid just kept on saying a man's name
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::BARON DAVIS  *clap, clap, clap, clap, clap*  BARON DAVIS
fionadly::funny~ can i ask you who is your favourate pg beside BD   i guess there is no one
peanut22555::Lin is a turnover machine! His confidence is shot!
peanut22555::Baron! Baron! Baron!
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Exactly.
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Real KNICK Fan: "Do you know what team Jeremy Lin plays for?"  Fake KNICK Fan: "Yes, Harvard, and Golden State.."
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Honestly, speaking from a basketball perspective, why would these fake Knick fans go all LIN with a point guard that can't dribble to his left?  Seriously.... Jeremy Lin can't dribble to his left......  And you want this person to lead you into the playoffs?  Wow..... Fake Knick fans.... shaking my damn head
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Stephen A. Smith:  "Shame on New Yorkers, saying they want Lin over Melo."  Stephen A. Smith= Gets paid by ESPN  Random ESPN Chatroom Lin Lovers= Clueless
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Fortunately, us REAL Knick fans will enjoy seeing 75% of the Lin Lovers hop off the Knicks bandwagon...  When Baron Davis starts in May.
fionadly::bd lover~ LOL
yale203::Lin haters, you should be happy we have him and not the Lakers.  Kobe would love Lin feeding him the ball.
ChippewaDave::Lin would feed the ball to Kobe on one possession and turn it over on the next. . .
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::At one point I think I saw Jeremy Lin crying to Melo after Lin turned it over.  Then Chandler screams at Lin: "GIVE THE BALL TO MELO"  People need to realize that Melo is PROVEN. Lin has regressed and proved that he isn't D-Rose, CP3, or Rondo STATUS.  He is just another Knick bench player.
0neEyeDWiLLy::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZhOEmLqNv4.... watch that and yes him healthy could b on top point guard int hat subject d**khead
fionadly::He is just another Knick bench player.  --------------so you played basketball where?
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Lin can't go left, everyone knows that.  You need a new "hero"  Idiot.
cashman991::You're calling baron davis Drose, cp3, or rondo? Lol
0neEyeDWiLLy::Dont paymind to these idiots they no nothing about basketball once this lin story started these are the idiots that just started watching basketball
cashman991::where are you gonna go post when baron gets hurt again?
cashman991::OK here's the best analysis you will get on these dumb boards.  Baron Davis &gt; Jeremy Lin Baron Davis knees, elbows, wrists, joints, shoulder &lt; Jeremy Lin's joints Therefore Jeremy Lin&gt; Baron Davis
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Speaking of coverup.  Lin lovers enjoy covering up Lin's tendencies of turning the ball over.  You fake Knick fans probably jumped on board in his debut vs. the Nets.  Leave real basketball talk to REAL Knick fans.
cashman991::Yeah, too bad you were quoting numbers from 12 games. You truly are the master of contradiction and coverup.  You and Dolan should go have a beer together
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Last Night vs. Blazers:  Baron Davis= 18 minutes= 1 turnover= 10 assists  Jeremy Lin= 23 minutes= 6 turnovers= 6 assists  Baron outplayed Jeremy in fewer minutes. Thanks for playing.
cashman991::lol.  You're comparing the TO numbers of players who play different amount of minutes.  So i have to correct you.  If you can't understand that, I'm sure theres a sharp object nearby?
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::The "best analysis" you have is "IFFFF"?  Your credibility= FAIL
fionadly::only those who fail in their life everyday likes the word "moron" "fail“  come on  say sth new and fresh
cashman991::Baron Davis would have more TOs if he played more minutes.
fionadly::exactly~
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Baron Davis= Last 11 games= 2.10 TURNOVERS per game  Jeremy Lin= Last 11 games= 4.10 TURNOVERS per game  You= Moron
yale203::that's the only stat you got for me hoss ?  what about points, assists, steals.  c'mon.
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Baron Davis= Last 11 games= 2.10 TURNOVERS per game  Jeremy Lin= Last 11 games= 4.10 TURNOVERS per game
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::100% Baron Davis &gt;&gt;&gt; Rookie Jeremy Lin  FACT
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Baron Davis= Last 11 games= 2.10 TURNOVERS per game  Jeremy Lin= Last 11 games= 4.10 TURNOVERS per game  You= Moron= Fake Knick Fan= Lin Lover
fionadly::the word rookie explains you point why not you compare them at their same 24 year old
yale203::baron's stats aren't anywhere as good as lin's.  don't use the greater than sign (&gt;) unless you are well-prepared to back that up with statistical evidence.
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Mike D'Antoni's system= predicated on a PG= Jeremy Lin  Mike Woodson's system= predicated on DEFENSE= Baron Davis  Baron Davis' defense &gt;&gt; Jeremy Lin's defense  Defense Wins Championships.
diulasing1574::oh dumbest
fionadly::Mike Woodson's system= predicated on DEFENSE= Baron Davis  ?? HAHA only one game can you find out such things already let's see  mark here
lbcguy2000::You Melo groupies have no concept of reality.  Let me explain a couple of things to you morons: 1. We all know Melo and Stat are the most talented players on the team. 2. We are pissed off at MarshMelo and STAT because they eat up nearly 50% of the payroll and don't put in the same effort as their minimum salary counterparts. 3. We like Lin because he plays a fun style of basketball to watch and shares the ball with his teammates. 4. We know Baron Davis can play better than Lin but he is still not 100% and we don't think the starting role should just be handed to him. 5. We don't expect a guy that was undrafted and has about 20 games under his belt to play well against the starters in this league. 6. We don't expect a guy making minimum salary to perform like veteran guys being paid 20x more than him. 7. We enjoy the success of a cast off who works his a s s off and is humble. 8. We despise a - h o l e s who look for the faults in a humble person trying to make it in a profession they really love. 9. We despise Melo &amp; STAT jock strappers.
0neEyeDWiLLy::internet gangsters...learn ur $@%!$@ basketball knicks proved a point winning by 42pts u $@%!$@ idiot d'antoni aint for the knicks $@%!$@%!
yale203::Best post of the week, at least.
0neEyeDWiLLy::Dumba** what happened last nite ?
0neEyeDWiLLy::Dumba** what happened yesterday ?
lbcguy2000::They played one game well after running the coach out. Shut your mouth Melo groupie clown.
yale203::Lin should have a talk with Woodson about how to run plays that favor Lin's abilities: such as fast breaks and quick shots. Lin makes quick decisions on the floor.
0neEyeDWiLLy::those quick decisions lead to turnovers...
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::You are a moron.  Mike Woodson's offensive system ran through Joe Johnson in Atlanta, not through a PG.  Mike Woodson is going to do the same thing in NY, using Melo as his "Joe Johnson".  Lin is going to be on the bench by playoff time, and 75% of all these new Knick "fans" will stop watching. Including you.
0neEyeDWiLLy::those quick decisions lead to turnovers...
fionadly::test
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Blazers score 12 POINTS in the 1st quarter  No Knick coach has allowed that few points in a quarter since 2001.  Morons: "Why did they keep Melo instead of D'Antoni?"  Fake Fans...
yale203::Why the Dolans sided with Melo over D'Antoni is kind of beyond me after D'Antoni's offensive strategy, executed masterfully by Lin, did for the team in past six weeks.
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Seriously, Jeremy Lin is your hero?  Relax, Yao Ming did more than Jeremy Lin for a longer duration.  SMH, these non-Knick fans, Lin-Lovers.  What a disgrace to basketball and ESPN.
0neEyeDWiLLy::Soo why u even talkin about knicks basketball get ya low eyed a** to another blog section...
yale203::that is not appropriate willy.  she can talk about Lin if she wants; you drone on about Melo who has none of Lin's class.
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::"Beyond me"  That's why people get paid to run the Knicks and you cry in front of your CPU monitor.  Don't hurt yourself bro.
fionadly::i am in China right now you moron~  and i am not a knicks fan   i came here to support my hero
fionadly::I am in China right now  u moron I never say I am a  knicks fan
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Go back to China you fake Knick fan.  You just bought a Lin jersey like two weeks ago.  Fake fan.
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Only stupid morons don't realize that Jeremy Lin's points have been DECLINING since Linsanity started a month ago.
0neEyeDWiLLy::These guys know nothing about basketball they called suckers loll
yale203::it's "know nothing" not "no nothing" lol.
0neEyeDWiLLy::Listen dummies all point guards have their shine just like John Lucas last nite against the Miami Heat wassup with that?..... exactly theres always good games for new comers but when theres talent there will always be talent and less mistakes
KingchristopherII::are the knicks getting phil jackson
KingchristopherII::good job knicks
knowledgeable_fan::they beat the blazers by 42 and you want to mess with the lineup.  yeah first ray of hope and lets change something for the 100th time this year.  smart. and typical of the the past 10 years of knick teams.  if they continue to switch players and lineups and coaches and styles.  I can see another 10 years of obscurity in the knicks future.  lets see the winning teams lakers, boston, san antonio,  detroit,  last ten years of championships all had chemistry and time together. the knicks one playoff appearance in 10 years.  wonder why
0neEyeDWiLLy::Never seen melo dishing the ball on a fast break nor seen him give no look passes like he did to tyson chandler...funny how all this happening right after D'antoni left... I love my Knicks hope they bust the pacers $@% these next two games and start the show
yale203::Lin is fourth in steals per 48 minutes among guards.
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Lin's turnovers per game &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Lin's steals per game  Moot point.
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Baron Davis' defense &gt;&gt; Jeremy Lin's defense  Defense wins championships  I win.
fionadly::u losers! u r just jealous
knowledgeable_fan::barons shot selection his entire career&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Lin's turnovers
savetheplanet35::he is also first in tripping over his own feet per 48 minutes among guards.
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Baron Davis= 10 assists= 18 minutes= 1 turnover  Jeremy Lin= 6 assists= 23 minutes= 6 turnovers  These FAKE KNICK FANS always humping Lin no matter how many turnovers he has.  SMH at these Lin-Loving, FAKE Knick fans.
diulasing1574::i would say fu.ck off those baron fans
0neEyeDWiLLy::Preachh my fellow real knick fan lolll...shut these cornballs up
savetheplanet35::these are not knick fans, please never confused these dummies for knick fans...they are just bored people looking for attention
0neEyeDWiLLy::Melo is the $@%!$@% truth....
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::Hell yeah.
knowledgeable_fan::if mike woodson is smart he wont mess with his line up.  if he feels like he needs to play baron more do so leave the rotation as is.  this team has had enough changes.
0neEyeDWiLLy::Baron Davis a fat $@%! coming off the bench dishing out 10 assists = ironic u guys are stuck with this lin $@%!$@%! u gunna feel real stupid by time... just like all the idiots already feeling stupid about how good melo is just wait and watch the team is happy now and thats why they proved a point in winning by 42 pts!!!!
yale203::Team is happy.  Do not think so.  I think a few players are happy D'Antoni is gone but many, including Lin and Fields, are unhappy.
savetheplanet35::lin does not have a say in what goes on in the locker.....he is at the bottom of the pecking order next to the waterboy
yale203::precisely.
knowledgeable_fan::dude did you just look at the highlights or watch the game.  6 to 7 of those assist were against the second team and after the game was decided.  and the game was decide in the 2nd quarter.
getmine73::so what, u guys make a big deal out of the 7 game winning streak
stop the duck::baron davis is fat out of shape and has a higher turnover per 48 mins rate then lin stop it with that fat tub of lard.
al05569::forget comparing lin to baron davis...thats not what it should be about....maybe davis isn't the point guard he used to be, but I still don't think lin is the solution for the knicks at that position....
getmine73::yeah, he put up great numbers last night. u guys are a joke
knowledgeable_fan::he made some great passes and against the other teams bench.  yeah he's allstar material
fionadly::u r the joke.
knowledgeable_fan::baron and felton had a hot dog eating contest after the game.  baron won by a landslide
