Ashley Formanek::Danny Granger scoring 12 points off the bench is huge.  If he continues that kind of input, gonna be tough for anyone to beat the Pacers come playoffs.
Igor Yank::the only thing pacers lack is a strong bench and granger adds a lot of punch
Roger Boyd::Dominant fourth quarter equals 25-5. Blue Collar, Gold Swagger.
Leland Wong::Pacers well rested and playing well, should be another win. Too big and too physical and too skilled for the Cavs.
Ben Lunceford::Wow. Pacers have 17 BACK-TO-BACKS this year. 15 of those 2nd night games of the back to back are ON THE ROAD!! They had the most back-to-backs last season and the only team to have a back-to-back-to-back (3 games in a row) as well. Yet people say Pacers have an easy schedule. LeBron James Quote "People don't realize how hard it is to play back-to-back games" after an exhausting squeak by victory over a way below .500 team. Anyway, irrelevant, no excuses, GO PACERS!
Zack Schooler::Solomon Hill had a solid debut in the D-League yesterday, 19 points, 5 assists, 3 rebounds, and 2 steals. The only negative would be the 6 turnovers. Hopefully he can develop his offensive game with playing time, that he wasn't going to get sitting on our bench.
Josh Chai::4 points in 6 minutes way to go Cleveland!!!beast mode in crunch time!
Josh Chai::8points in a quarter of nba basketball...only Cleveland can do something like this.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::bball is 4 qtrs not just 1 or 2.
Jonah Swidan::Ill be at this game!!  First time Ive been to a day game in probably a couple of years.  This will be different lol
Keith Haemmerle::Hey Heat fans...Congrats on the Heat setting their team record for wins in the first 30 games....HOWEVER...the Hapless Heat are still 1.5 games behind the best team in the NBA. Granger has come back and made a huge difference already. Miami's pitiful bench won't even be able to get in the game against Indy. In fact, the Heat only have 1 player that could even contend for a starting spot on the Pacers roster. As the season goes on and the Heat lose more of their old players they will fade farther and farther from relevancy. Soon even ESPN will remove the Heat index from the net and Miami will go back to only being the home of illegal cubans and gays...
Zee N Jason Farmer::Would you do this trade? I would if I was Indy. http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=l737yfu
Zee N Jason Farmer::Toronto is shopping Lowry and Indy would shed over 5 million in salary next season, could maybe help keep Granger and defenitely help keep Lance. Also brings Psycho T back and improves our offensive rebounding and he draws a ton of fouls! Lowry could be that missing piece of the bench in the playoffs.
Keith Haemmerle::Zee N Jason Farmer you're high...There is no way losing Mahinmi for Hansborough is a good deal. The Pacers have no missing piece...
Cvete Karamacoski::Keith Haemmerle  A consistent point guard
Ryan Hastings::No Irving, no point.  Trade Varejao, trade Bynum, trade Gee, dump the roster.  This team is done for the year.  Pray for a top 3 pick and get ready for next year.
Jay Wahl::Granger already dropping double digits off the bench.. Heat fans, you're not heading back to the Finals, sorry.
Tom Totosz::Never fails...I bet Indiana and they stink today. They just dont feel like rebounding today
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::long game bro... indiana is a second half team. do you really expect indiana to be blowing out a team in the first 5 min of the game? by 20
Tom Totosz::Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel Its a loser. How are they down going into the half against the cleveland cavs? Theyre better at every position except PG. ridiculous. They'll win by like 11 but fall short of covering
Corey Pyle::Tom Totosz Hey mullet mugshot, they're leading the NBA in 2nd half scoring. Chill
Yipeng Sun::What do y'all think of this trade? http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=mtgm27z
Jorden Packer::Looks really good. I think it would make a lot of players happy
Alan Bonness::Cavs are not giving up Andy.
Josh Strouth::Alan Bonness, where have you been for the past week?  they suspended him indefinitely and are clearly looking for possible trade suitors.
Cleveland Williams::The best thing about Indianapolis was Peyton Manning and he's gone...
Rodger Strait::IDIOT  GO BACK TO YOUR HOLE AND LAY DOWN THE CRACK PIPE
Don King::and your name is Cleveland...'nuff said
Matt Crampton::How's that #1 pick workin out for ya?
David Glickfield IV::Irving "hurt" again. Gonna be out for season. Enter tank mode full on cavs
David Williams::irving is the cavs problem no wants to play with him he's the new kobe
Cleveland Williams::As good as the pacers r playing they still won't beat the Miami heat...
Ben Lunceford::you sound scared... if you say it out loud you may convince yourself, right?
Aj Garrard::Why do you feel the need to troll all over the Pacers?  At no point we're your punk Heat mentioned.
Farbod Rahmati::66 clevland.... 65 indiana....finish of 3 quarter
Marcleen Bavogui::getting outrebound by cleveland at home are u kidding me
Daymeon Craig::Come on my guy we do this .NapTown  we turn up when we ready  you see it
Jr Eastwood::PACERS WILL WIN BUY AS MANY POINTS THAY WANT TO WIN BUY ITS ALL UP TO QIDO
Corey Pyle::Um
Josh Strouth::What are they buying?
Tanya Rivera::P george cant score  when lebron gaurds him
Matt Bailey::That was true for one game, you're absolutely right.
Christopher Norris::Lebron can't catch his breath when he guards Paul George.  I'll take that trade off..
Josh Strouth::LeBron dam near killed himself trying to guard PG, and thus rendered himself completely useless in the second half.
Steve Blesson::The game is slipping away for CLE...
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::pacers covered :) piece of cake
Charles Cherry::PACERS ARE NOT COVERING 13!!!
Jonah Swidan::Who cares?
Charles Cherry::Jonah Swidan YO FAM MIND UR OWN....
Zack Schooler::Charles Cherry. What?
