Latece K Christmon::Thunder will just keep scoring while the refs keep giving the Spurs FTs.
Ayn Bland::Starting to remind me of the Bulls game.
Shawn Bento::But... But I thought OKC's bench scoring was a fluke the last time these teams met.  :(
Kendrell Sanders::You And The Thunder Fans, But Thank God Iy Wasn't.
Mike Wagener::Thunder look unbeatable.  Good game OKC.
Travis Burrow::Good game to your Spurs too. Good luck with the rest of the season
Tyler Asbury::Don't get how OKC and SA can play each other and draw no headlines on ESPN.
Blair Ritger::Yeah, really...why was this not a nationally televised game?
Ben Delano::Blair Ritger Too many CBB and CFB games.
Emil E. Matula III::Blair and Tyler I'm with you.  OKC does have enough of a fan base to carry the ratings, even if the NBA continually ignores SA's.
Anderson Daniel::Thunder Up! It's a tough game, but let's hope for a Thunder win!!
Mike Wagener::Thunder fans:   Bronya Vogel ·  Top Commenter · Tarleton State University Mike go back to your porker you have no clue. You do k ow the Spurs where beat in 5 games in their first finals ever to. Lmao you are the most homer Spurs fan i have seen in years.  Would one of you who knows something about BB clue Bronya Vogel in that the Spurs never "where beat in 5 games in their first finals ever to."  I won't even bother to address the grammar (or lack thereof).
Bronya Vogel::Try again smart guy back when they where in the aba they did. I think their name was the chaparral. You keep claim all the bb knowledge yet have not seen one post about any bb knowledge from you. Suewee!
Mike Wagener::Bronya Vogel , you're so full of it.  LMAO....Chapparrals, LOL...try again Tarleton state grad....
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::and another thing to  the okc trolls who think they are above us. u guys had harden, westbrook, durant and HOME COURT ADVANTAGE, still lost to the heat in 5. spurs didnt have hca, took heat to 7 games and almost beat the heat. okc never almost beat the heat. those finals games were blowouts. just saying. if u wanna talk trash ill be here all day
Ayn Bland::The Heat won the 2012 finals by a total of 20 points.  3 out of OKC's 4 losses were by 6 points or less.  The Heat won the 2013 finals by a total of 15 points.  3 out of SA's 4 losses were by more than 6 points.  I dunno..  Considering that OKC kept their losses to 2 possessions or less I'd say they came closer to winning the Finals than SA did.  Just saying.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::Ayn Bland really? lets see if the math if correct here, lost with HCA might i add, lost in 5 games. while spurs lost in 7 games. hmmmmmmmmmmm well unless you are doing alien math the spurs were closer to beating the heat, i mean in terms of human math of course. i mean just saying
Ayn Bland::OKC only lost a single game by more than two possessions.  Do you understand what that means?  It means the games were close.  The only games that weren't close were game 1 (OKC +11) and game 5 (Miami +15).  The 2012 finals series was much closer than you'd like to admit.  5 games or not, 3 of them were decided in the final seconds.
Taylor Humphries::OKC looking like the superior team, nothing but respect for SAS though, but OKC and that bolstered bench is looking like the real deal this season. Could be their time.
Andrew Lipham::still a 2nd half to go.
Taylor Humphries::I never said it was a lock, just said they appear to be the superior team. Can you argue?
Justin Daniel Gower::Taylor Humphries no kawhi leonard
Ayn Bland::No wonder Spurts fans blame the refs all the time; they're just following the example set by their broadcast crew and coaching staff.
Latece K Christmon::It's freaking annoying!  Any other channel we can watch without that broadcast?
Dan Alejandro::No mention by national broadcast that Kwawi Leonard (our best defender & STARTER) did not play, our 7 game in 10 nights, and this is EARLY in season.  We will see who is last team standing..still think OKC still needs Harden to advance to NBA finals-Reggie Jackson will wilt in May!
Blixa Ridgeback::#GoSpursGo
Emil E. Matula III::GO SPURS!
Jordan Bowser::thats 2-0 on the spurs, our number 1 contender.  We should feel good but not too good because it is only december. still though, not even that troll skip bayless can deny that we are the clear cut favorites out west.
Derrick Alderete::Yes it is only December, but yes you all have our number at the moment along with the West and maybe the NBA.  You all look unstoppable right now, but don't sleep on us haha.
Aj Iceberg::okc has been the best in the west the past 3 years. Injuries got them last year ,but they were still the best as soon as Westbrook returned.
Emil E. Matula III::Something Spurs' fans know from way back:  being the best isn't good enough- you have to be the last man standing as well.
John Jones::F*ing Spurs sitting their starters so they'll be well rested for the Thunder lol
John Jones::First
Dan Alejandro::Like mentioned earlier, Khawi Leonard (our BEST defender & STARTER) did not play per dental procedure.  Shows what Pop thinks of December and 7 games in 10 days!!!
Nash Middleton::Orville Charles Ever heard of "team defense"?  Your reductionism is astounding.  Stick to your day job and don't coach B-ball buddy.
Bronya Vogel::Spurs are 0-6 vs the top teams 5-5 vs .500 teams undefeated vs under .500 teams. Please explain how that makes them one of the best teams. In sports to be considered one of the best you have to be able to beat the best. 0-6 is for sure not doing any of that.
Alan Ogg::spurs are trash
Cam Perry::we aren't the best yet but you don't want to peak in december but closer to the playoffs
Forrest Wolfe::Cam Perry Peaking isn't a real, logical thing. Look at the Heat last year and tell me "peaking" is real. You're either good or you're not. No such thing as getting "hot" or "peaking".
Travis Burrow::Should be a good game. Brooks has learned from Pop and bulked up his bench....no wonder these teams are in the top 3 for the western conference
Aron Zoltan Laszik::Brooks doesn't bulk up anything nor does pop. The GM's bulk up the benches. and the only player they added was gomes who doesn't even play
Srecko Vukovich::The first game that we play in OKC this year , was actually back to back for Spurs . Now is San Antonio  we will  have  complete roaster avialable to coach Pop  . Wonder how much will Durant score against Leonard  and  Westbrook against  D. Green  this time around . OKC  is only Contender to Spurs in the West ,with all do respect to Portland and the other Pretenders. So yes we are home and  we got this . By all means Go Spurs Go .
Johnny January::what happened to you having this  thunder up!!
Michael Woodlee::HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA man you couldn't be more clueless
Derrick Alderete::Got out played simple as that, good hustle OKC....Spurs need to put in Mills to see if he can make a spark.
Emil E. Matula III::Double digit rebound edge proves your statement correct.  That must be corrected in the next matchup.
Lavender West::Emil E. Matula III That's what happens when one of you best rebounders isn't in the game
Emil E. Matula III::Lavender West not just Kawhi.  Spurs are going to have to play another body besides Diaw with Perkins and Ibaka in the game.  Don't know why they didn't play Baynes more tonight.
Lance Baldwin::And yes I would rather have Jackson, lamb, and Adams over harden spurs fans. I hope you see why now.
Dan Alejandro::Jackson Lamb Adams good early in season-still UNPROVEN...No success in playoffs for them like Harden
Shawn Bento::Spurs fans, have your excuses ready after the game.  Refs, no Leonard, etc...
Shawn Bento::Thunder's "fluky" bench scoring...
Jon Downs::This is probably my favorite thunder rivalry. Lots of respect for SA
Jeremi Garcia::I love how my prediction was only 2 pts off go thunder now 10 in a row next
Jeremi Garcia::thunder all day spurs better bring alot of oil for those old joints to keep up with westbrook durrant and jackson thunder by 15
Gloria Riojas::I'm all for rooting for your team and everything but come on at least be realistic. OKC beat SA in OKC by six. OKC is 0-6 in the last 6 games in SA and IF they were to win I doubt it'd be by that much
Jeremi Garcia::If u say so but OKC has been winning games in their 8 game streak by an average of 17 points and durrant will be over 30 pts again so if anyone sits out again for the spurs...... Game time for the thunder
Ayn Bland::Gloria Riojas Yeah..  The Thunder won by 6 in a game that neither Durant nor Westbrook actually showed up.  They're on a roll now, so I don't expect the Thunder to be shooting ~40% and relying on the bench to beat the opposition.  Meanwhile, the Spurts are resorting to resting their stars during nationally televised games again.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::great game so far
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::spurs nation im BACKK!!! i love my spurs and my fellow spurs fans. there are sure to be trolls falling from the sky today whether we win or lose because thats what trolls do. led by their leader ayn bland haha. if spurs win tonight im sure okc fans would say hey its the refs fault. if they win hey the refs had nothing to do with it hahaha. go spurs go lets see how great this okc bench performs in SA. we already know how great the spurs bench is, did u see what they did to GSW?? go spurs go!!
Mike Wagener::welcome back, bro.  Epic performance by our bench the other night, looking forward to some payback tonight.  GO SPURS!
Jeff Elkins::All i heard from the spurs fans last year was how the refs gave us the series lol
Mike Wagener::Jeff Elkins , i seriously doubt that.  OKC won that series, they were the better team, no doubt.  Spurs aren't the same team they were 2 years ago, much improved with Bellinelli, Diaw, Kawhi playing on a star level and Manu looking like Manu.
Derrick Alderete::Lets go Spurs we have to win this won even though its early in the year to show that we have some life against a top team.  Even though TP is back I would like to see Patty Mills get a lot of minutes to see what he can do with more on his plate.  When he is hot that guy can go off. "Good Day Mate"  Anyways should be a great game, good luck OKC, but I have to root for my boys.....Go Spurs Go....and please refs, let these guys play as if it is a playoff game.
Derrick Alderete::*one
