zroder3::A message from the future- Bucks clinch 8 seed with 37-39 record, and lose to Heat in 1st round
paulleena12::go celtics
suchita216::<p>GO CELTICS </p>
suchita216::<b>GO CELTICS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</b>
suchita216::<p><b>GO CELTICS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</b></p>
suchita216::GO CELTICS
suchita216::<b>GO CELTICS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</b>
suchita216::<b>GO CELTICS </b>
suchita216::<b>GO CELTICS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</b>
5891jonathan::*cue Don Meredith already*
Imcolombianbaby::At least rajon kept his assist streak going
Its_the_refs::Need to dump Rondo.
Imcolombianbaby::I need to dump $@%! on your face bro. Rondo is the gas pedal of the celtics
wilcox1232::no answer for tobias harris
Celtics 4ever::CELTICS FAN 4 LIFE. LOYALTY UNSHAKEN. WAIT FOR AVERY HEALTHY AND CHEMISTRY AT ITS BEST AND WE CAN DO ANYTHING
zxryda::i hate the HEAT but all the people that think the celtics are the team to challenge the heat for the eastern conference title are way off. Celtics actually got worse since last year and the heat improved slightly.
Excelscior1::That's why they got blown out by the knicks--by 20+ with out Amare?  Heat are small and have no rebounding and can be exploited.
Its_the_refs::The Heat took the game off. Good sportsmanship. NY needed a boost
wilcox1232::and ny was on a high call it the hurricane game, don't underestimate the effect those games have
gusbus34-9::so called heat fans spend more time hating on boston then they do studying the history of their franchise...james posey who? shaq played here what??? alonzo who? antione walker ...**** i don't remember any of these guys
gusbus34-9::bill simmons put it best "I normally would be depressed with the celtics 0-2, but the lakers are about to go 0-3 so that makes up for it"...plus the heat got killed by New York so...idk every good team is going through ups and downs...I don't think the celtics will lose tonight at washington. This will be their first win. They won't make the mistake of blatenly underestimating their opponents. I understand not everyone is miami but this is the NBA...everyone can play. the Bobcats won a game yesterday...effort goes a long way
Excelscior1::I think Bill Simmons is an idiot, and though he pretends to, really doesn't know basketball and it's players that well.
supremekid912::Brandon Jennings outplayedd Rondo
bp2685::Told all the Celtics fans before the season started that the Cs are old and will not be good. Celtics fans respond you have no clue about basketball. We will beat the Heat this year because we have a deeper bench.
avoskanian123::^ yup, plus Knicks are old as $@%! and they killed the Heat last night...without Amar'e
kwamex1983::The Celtics aren't that old besides KG and Pierce and maybe Terry... relax.. we hear it every year..
Tyler151523::SEASON GAME
seansean145::1-1 is better than 0-2.
Fear the Gr0nk::I don't know if you realized, it's only 2 games into the season.   Also, your Heatles are 1-1.
DeMarcus Cousins Fan::With Avery Bradley the Celtics will be a much better team. He proved his worth last season.
gusbus34-9::haha
a617guy::Bradley and Lee together will give Wade menstrual cramping
seansean145::Bradley is  overrated.
HeatManZE.....::haha boston 0-2 ..lose at home to the bucks..
WiscoMase23::your heat lost at home to the bucks last year
a617guy::Aren't you the girl who was just making fun of Celtics fans for being on the HEat board?
squiddy45::Its okay boston, the bucks sucked after they lost Ray Allen too
ShowmanshipTank::yah it is due to his amazingness
Tyler151523::they traded him... "Lost" isnt the correct term
crolson1964::The Bucks looked qicker, faster . . . . . younger then the Cletics! Go Bucks!
soccergenius1894::You'll be seeing it a lot this year!
avoskanian123::I've never seen a "Go Bucks" chant before
Boston Bruin Fan::I blame Rondo, he needs to get the team going with his playmaking
Excelscior1::Doc Rivers needs to get it together.   I've watched the Clippers, The Rockets and The Knicks push the ball the past few days, and score a lot on offense, with new teammates. The Bucks play hard but they're awful. And even Chucking Brandon Marshal (who the club didn't exercise his option), had a career high 13 asst. WTF. Miami score 120 pts against the Celts, but couldn't muster 85 vs the Knicks. Get it together Doc. Learn how to use your dept and push/pressure the ball.
soccergenius1894::I wouldn't call the bucks awful.  They beat Miami in Miami last year and almost made the playoffs.  I can see them surprising some people and grabbing a playoff seed anywhere from 4-8.  Go Bucks!
a617guy::lmao keep making fun of the 0-2 Celtics (similar to 0-3 of 2011) and yet again we'll head to the ECF.
LeChampion 6::BOSTON LOST SO THE NY GAME IS ALL GOOD : )
gusbus34-9::so called heat fans spend more time hating on boston then they do studying the history of their franchise...james posey who's that? shaq played here what? alonzo who? lol
gusbus34-9::antione walker huh?
CandySparker::Bucks to the future!
_I Am A Celtic_::fu.ck you
uwisfan34::a little upset that your Celtics blew last night?
Miller Park After Dark::PROST!
-_1918-HappyGilmore::celtics are basement dwellers just like the red flops!!
garebearbobbi::buckss are going to be a force this year is my call
gilnix::Boston went 0-3 last year and made the ECF.  Look for better this year.
dpas569::not the start i envisioned. against the Heat the offense workd but the defense didn't. against the Bucks the offense and defense sucked. c'mon fellas, lets get it together. i know it's only 2 games, but we need to start playing better and fast.
_I Am A Celtic_::I like it more when we win
trekrider-returns::Bucks &gt; Celtics - Things are going downhill fast in Boston - old and slow - can the Doc fix this mess?
patf90::Well thats embarrassing.
milw-jay::Some love to my Bucks, as they played well, but, people need to see the truth will the Celtics and Lakers.  Both of these teams main guys are old.  Great players in their day, but father time catches up with everybody.  Expectations are way too high if people think their will be another Lakers - Celtics finals anytime soon.  Not happening.
milw-jay::Well well well.   Just one game obviously, but, is it time to Fear the Deer again?     I can only hope...   The Bucks should make the playoffs in the considerably watered down Eastern conference.  This is a good start to that goal.
ferris3910::CELs.need to get Sullinger more playing time..The guy is a rebounding beast..
DJFab1022::Too early to make any assumptions.... Pierce, Rondo, and KG will get things settled.
zephyrdanny::The slow, painful death of the celtics.  I love it.
Tyler151523::dont worry we will get kevin love soon enough
Tim in Japan::I completely and utterly blame Darko.  He's a curse, I tell you.  The Timberwolves enacted  a little revenge on the Celtics for giving them a two-day old ham sandwich for KG.  Want to know why the C's won't compete this year?  Two words: Darko Milicic.  You asked for him, well you've got him.  -Signed, Every Minnesota Timberwolves Fan Ever
Tyler151523::u mad?
IPFW_Wolverine::I see a severe lack of ref blaming here Celtic fans. You guys need to step it up. You don't want the rest of the league to think you are no longer whiner's do you?
dash2k4::Doc was right: Boston's first game final score WAS fool's gold. Minus Ray's corner 3 threat, teams can pack the paint more on defense. With Avery out, Rondo is the only guy who can create a shot. This offense needs to find some miracle cure fast.
sgafsetomorpnpse::Jennings will be an all-star this year and Rondo won't.
milw-jay::Well, I wont hate on Rondo.  They both could be all stars possibly, with D Rose out until whenever.
i hate lebron james::jenning is good but not as good as rondo
makaveli621::poor Celtics fan...The Bucks are a better team than the overrated celtics &amp; the Knick just owned the Heat, So it'll be the Heat and the Knick in the EFC.  with the Knicks advancing to the finals  Sorry Boston fans, you guys suck!
henrybaboy::Don't be so judgemental after only 2 games there bunky. There is a long season ahead.
Shaun0088::lol
Shaun0088::Didn't know the season was a 2 game schedule.
a617guy::Conclusions from tonight: THe Bucks will still miss the playoffs, and the C's will still be in the ECF against the Heat.
DJFab1022::Lets get back to reality.... it's just one of those nights like the Knicks got off to good start over the Heat.  There wont be a second time.  Did you really think Bucks over Celts at the beginning of the game? Hell No.
i hate lebron james::they can make the plays off but they have to fight for it
WiscoMase23::these conclusions don't come from tonight, clearly, because the bucks were the better team. bucks will not miss the playoffs. only a $@%!$@ like you thinks that
Moonshadow99::Basically easy thing to see in two games: Boston has no rim protection and are allowing too much penetration.  Everything else defensively is being set up by guys blowing by the backcourt defenders into the lane fairly uncontested and KG and Bass are not able to protect the rim well enough, which sets up good shots -- both two and three pointers.
Timewilltell99::Boston Wins again... Oh, wait, what?...     nevermind.
oreed8::well atlease we have a better record then Lakers,lol
