KORNETS::NJ NETS OWN ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ustna::5 hrs and 22 minutes until the Lakers are flushed down the toilet. You can swirl at the top for just so long.
arjunrajesh25::26 years watching the lakers win multiple championships while being a  clips fan. pretty loyal
jared575757::And if they win, you will find a new teams bandwagon o jump on
ustna::Why would I do that? I've been a Clip fan for about 26 years....
brother lou::Why did Pau get 18 point in the 1st half and only 4 in the 2nd? Why did Brown go away from Pau in the 2nd half? If the Lakers lost last night, it would be because Lakers coaching staff didn't offer any adjustments in the last quarter when the Nets made the run. The Lakers just lucked out on this game but they won't in the playoffs.
chiefsfan716::New post
chiefsfan716::Lakers&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Clippers
drftw42134::Fiction. Wilt the Stilt was the greatest basketball player of all time.
dfuse310::I guess Laker haters and Kobe haters make some time out of their miserable day to post something about the both of them. #LAKERS/DODGERS
jaythescrub::Hey, Associated Press writer... since when does a "tiebreaking" three-pointer put a team up by four?
DidYouSeeThat36::He hit the 2 before, Wallace made 1 Free throw, then he hit the 3....is what he meant
My name is Jeff.::Kobe was so happy at the end lol *guns*
L.A. Native::that was good to see...who was he aiming at...Farmar? he even did the "peeeuuu"
AlaskaHawks::Yeah it was for farmar
DodgersWinWS08::Meta World Peace is the greatest of all time....Punches Fans, Drinks Hennessey at Half Time, and kisses his biceps....there just isn't any comparison....
Prince Humperdinck::I actually met Artest two years ago.  Really, really nice guy.
rex_coach::never-mind bro, I mis-understood what you were saying...  I apologize
rex_coach::lol
Prince Humperdinck::That was when he had undiagnosed mental issues, he's a changed guy now =).
DodgersWinWS08::huh?
rex_coach::I'm sure he is...  @DogerswinWS08, let me toss a beer in your face and then you ask for a towel without batting an eye...
DodgersWinWS08::I've met him too....super cool....very entertaining to watch
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::Kobe is so good even his game winners/big shots bricks tend to find its way into the basket!
rex_coach::Junghans21:  GAMET1ME_CEOShaquille/gasol/Bynum,     Thanks for the ride to 5 rings.     -kobe    LOL..Bynum was non existent in the two championships...MJ played with two hall of famers...Kobe was right, people are idiots. =========================  If this guy ^^^^ is the LAST person on the planet that you can consult with regarding a basketball question, just say fu** it and jump off a bridge with said question going forever -unanswered or asked... lol
Junghans21::GAMET1ME_CEOShaquille/gasol/Bynum,    Thanks for the ride to 5 rings.    -kobe  LOL..Bynum was non existent in the two championships...MJ played with two hall of famers...Kobe was right, people are idiots.
rex_coach::Yep, thanks guys...
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::I hated Rodman but I grew up watching the guy and he was a baller! HOF he earned it ,too bad he couldnt stay out of trouble
Junghans21::He led the league in rebounding 7 years in a row and was a defensive player of the year
Prince Humperdinck::Although, let's be honest, Rodman making the Hall is absolutely and patently ridiculous.
elibird123::You need to realize his biggest contribution was defense &amp; rebounds. He only took 5.8 shots per game, but he .521% FG average it would have been higher if not for the last 3 years of his career. He once led the league in FG% at .598%. He was not a liability, because the shots he took he would mostly make. The hall of fame is for those that have risen above the average for what they do and he did. Great thing your standards don't count. There are different categories on a basketball team where one can excel and make a difference and rise above the average. Points, Assists, Rebounds  and individual defense are the major ones.
Prince Humperdinck::I just think your standards are too low.  I believe that Hall of Fame players should be GREATS.  Like, not just great in big moments and guys who averaged 7 points a game in their careers.  Great, consistent, GREAT!  LOL.  Why don't we just let Derek Fisher in also?
Pasteyirishguy::sure, i'd take big shot bob, the man has an outstanding career, he won 7 titles on 3 teams, who else do u know has done that, and was a major contributor to all of those teams.   role players are just as important to a team winning a championsip as a star . .. because it is a team game, and the team game of basketball's hof deserves the people who were outstanding at what they did
Prince Humperdinck::No.  But I wouldn't have role-playing specialists, either.  What's next, Robert Horry?
Pasteyirishguy::so, only mvps would make your hall . . . we already have that, they're called mvps
Prince Humperdinck::In short, I don't believe that specialists/role players should be in the HOF.  And I'm consistent on that.
Prince Humperdinck::And was absolutely awful on offense.  In my opinion, Hall of Fame players should know how to shoot and not be complete liabilities on offense.  I have high HOF standards, though.  I think a lot of players shouldn't be in that are in, and that goes for baseball especially.
Pasteyirishguy::the best rebounder of all time making the hall is ridiculous???? did you ever watch the man play, he was a rebounder and defender, undersized and still led the league numerous times
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::We been doing this (Winning) since the game started ! For a Clippers fan to run his keyboard with all this shi.T talking is just foolish of them. 2 winning seasons in how many decades? cmon fella's have some respect for yourself's
phx090::Listen people, I respect the Clippers. The improvment they have made from last year is outstanding, it really is. But the thing I don't respect is their fans. Its not as worse as Heat fans, but its close. U know they were Laker fans for the passed 10 years. I think we all know that.
L.A. Native::That said...who wins tonight?...as a die-hard Laker fan I think clips win
L.A. Native::the biggest reason to hate the clips isn't even their fans...its their owner
L.A. Native::F U...I'm not a blind fan
L.A. Native::just being realistic man. You know this team is no where near the 'ship teams...and even with Bynum, it might be closer but, I still think clips win
phx090::SMH. Like this guy, u can tell he's a clipper fan posing as a Laker fan, just so his team looks good.
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::dam bro thought you was a die hard fan,im a die hard fan and I know we will win this one only bcuz its us putting the clips back where they belong (big bro vs lil bro)
Prince Humperdinck::If Bynum doesn't play, Clippers should win.
Prince Humperdinck::Yeah, I mean, it's fine to be a Clipper fan.  But for a Clipper fan to be talking crap to a Laker fan is rather amusing.  I don't care if the Lakers were 0-54 this year.  It's just in bad form.
Prince Humperdinck::Phillies don't have a great winning tradition though like the Lakers or Cardinals do.  Phillies have played mostly bad baseball during its franchise history.
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::or better yet the Phillies since they are from the same state
Prince Humperdinck::It would be like in baseball, if the Pirates, who have had something like 18 or 19 straight losing seasons, all of a sudden got competitive this season and started talking trash to St. Louis Cardinals fans, with their proud tradition plus their recent history of winning.
dfuse310::Damn.. Everyone is talking about the Lakers. You all hate the Lakers but you are always on their convo's. #UNDERCOVERFANS
rex_coach::I call it "REVERSE" espn blogger logic...
dfuse310::Stone Cold I'm telling you, undercover bro
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::I have a friend who watches Lakers game but claims to say he hates them! LOL
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::I went to a clippers game once(because they were free)last yr and for a second I thought i was going to watch the Lakers play,It hit me once I sat done and saw the blue n white logo lol
rex_coach::lol
SteveJr723::Hey everybody! I'm a high schooler and my dream is to become a famous sports broadcaster or NBA basketball analyst/writer on ESPN. I just started my own blog today and my first post is an opinionated piece about my favorite team, the New Jersey Nets. In the future I'll write about all the other teams in the NBA and other NBA related events, but I'd be really grateful if you guys checked it out and shared it on your profiles, facebooks, twitters, and such. Thanks! http://www.the-ski-report.blogspot.com/
tonichifi::Blame Coach Brown.   The Lakers show their "hand" IN THE FIRST HALF.   Coaches make their adjustment during the half-time break.  Brown couldn't adjust (during the third quarter or even during the whole second half)  to the changes that the opponent have done.  NBA coaching is a game of adjusting and then re-adjusting.  Brown, being a lousy coach, CANNOT ADJUST, HENCE THE LAKER DON'T WIN THE THIRD QUARTER AND EVEN THE GAME.  FIRE THE COACH !!!!!!
Prince Humperdinck::They should have hired Adelman.  A proven winner with a track record who knows offense.  Mike Brown, of course he was going to have a good record with LeBron on his team and coaching in the East.  Brown is not a good coach at all, I cannot argue with you.
rex_coach::I don't know what Mitch was thinking.  I thought B.Shaw was a shoe-in...
Prince Humperdinck::Mike Brown was Jimmy Buss' hire all the way.  Not Mitch's.
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::yes but he has Kobe in the 4th to take over ,this is why he couldnt win with LeBron,LeBron couldnt take over 4
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::Staples Center is our home we own it ! you just the lil bro that can afford to be on his own like Allen Harper renting from his big brother Charlie harper (2 and a half men) ,have fun starring at our banners tonight
phx090::lol, u don't even have to say the name of the team, that's how bad the Clippers suc.k.
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::point i was trying to make ,everyone know who owns the staples center
rex_coach::LMAO!  Do they gaze at them during the national anthem?
phx090::U know when Clipper fans go to a home game, all they do is gaze at the banners, and wish one day, maybe just one day, a Clipper banner will be hung. LMAO!
69Lakers2012::how can the clippers call staples home...dont make no sense get your own building and lakers are playing at HOME TONITE..!!!!
Pasteyirishguy::^standings check buddy, PRESENTLY the lakers are ahead of the clippers
ustna::The past is cozy place when the present is uncomfortable....
Go-LaKers::hey ustna... Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
Pasteyirishguy::where is the clippers' cozy place?  further back than i know of, that's for sure.  i bet billy cristal doesn't even know where that is
phx090::anything u say means that the Clippers suc.k. What don't u get? Ur getting s.hit on by everyone on this board, even a clippers fan said ur embarassing urself. Please do urself a favor, and leave.
ustna::that makes no sense....wtf?
phx090::wait, so basically what ur saying is the Clippers suc.k.
rex_coach::LMFAO!!!  GAZE...  That is some funny sh**
ustna::I can't wait for the game tonight. We are going to absolutely demolish and embarrass you. And, like clockwork, you will all find a way to disappear from ESPN boards tomorrow..
rex_coach::Bet the farm on it Mr. INSIGHTFUL..  Better yet, that will only continue to show us how smart you are...  Never-mind...  p.s. The Lakers can go 0-82 for the next 20 years and will still be better than your clippers.  That's perspective...
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::GO AWAY !
phx090::lol, ur bald, just like Lebron. How u feel?
ustna::Great. your wife loves it too.
Prince Humperdinck::Wow, Love is averaging 26 and 14, on 45% shooting and he takes a fair # of 3's (39% from 3), and is 82% from the foul line, and leads the league in rebounds, offensive rebounds, and free throws made.  What a season he is having.
rex_coach::He is the real deal...  I've enjoyed watching his game grow.  He should win MVP if the T-Wolves make the playoffs.  Fu** what you heard... ;)
L.A. Native::Of course all this is my opinion but, Kobe is the GOAT. MJ won his titles against a diluted NBA...several expansion teams and players no where near as talented as today.
Prince Humperdinck::Jordan won his titles against:  the Magic Johnson-led Lakers, the Clyde Drexler-led Blazers, the Barkley-led Suns, and the Malone-Stockton led Jazz twice.  You act like he won them against stiffs.  And he had to get past the great Celtics and Pistons teams in the East first.
Prince Humperdinck::They are more athletic today.  But, again, that's to be expected.  Human beings evolve.  So athleticism will ALWAYS evolve.  But I don't believe the skill level has.  In think it's went down, actually.  As I said, guys don't shoot the ball as well nowadays.  Can't shoot 15 footers, they don't pass as well, and, generally,. they don't play good fundamental team basketball.  The 1980's Lakers or Celtics teams, or the early 1990's Bulls teams, would crush anybody playing today.  Absolutely annihilate them.
L.A. Native::ustna...maybe not gone but, old
L.A. Native::Proince, you make a good argument...not like MJ needs one but, I think the speed and skill of todays' players would win over
ustna::L.A. Native - He couldn't get past those Celtics and Pistons teams until Bird and Thomas were gone...Drexler...Barkley...?  That is simply not true....   Welcome to the NBA, you must be new around here.
L.A. Native::more like over your head
Prince Humperdinck::Yeah, you know, Hall of Famers.  Barkley was the MVP of the league the year the Bulls beat the Suns in the Finals, and the Suns had home-court advantage for that series, for good measure.
ustna::are you out of your mind or are you a kid?
L.A. Native::I'm your kids' father
L.A. Native::I'll give you Malone and Stockton but, they don't have rings...and look at how many teams now have superstars that are better than those you mentioned...
L.A. Native::He couldn't get past those Celtics and Pistons teams until Bird and Thomas were gone...Drexler...Barkley...?
ustna::Kids.....
Prince Humperdinck::You can't use the expansion/dilution argument because there's more dilution now than there was then.
Prince Humperdinck::Actually, they were more skilled then, better shooters for certain.  The defense and athleticism is better now, but that's because athleticism will always evolve.  But there are few fundamentally sound players now, everybody either wants to go to the basket or shoot 3's so the mid-range game has died, and the last 20 years of players leaving college early is having a negative effect on the NBA.  In my opinion basketball was at its best, in terms of incredible players and the way the game was played, from the mid 1980's to the mid 1990's.  Look at that 1992 Olympic Dream Team.  By far, BY FAR, the best team ever assembled.
L.A. Native::I don't think so. There are many more players today that are more skilled than back then.
rex_coach::ustna:  Kobe does not even belong in MVP conversation this year or last  =================== ^^^^^^ This person has been on here all-day and hasn't said anything meaningful  Does maturity resonate any-where within?  I mean fu**!  This sh** is pathetic... lmao  p.s. I "ALMOST" feel sorry for you...  Seriously!
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::he is pathetic
rex_coach::That was funny bro!  lol
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::Ustna is a Clippers fan lmao no wonder he is mad at the Lakers
rex_coach::OH!   Now I get it...  LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Go-LaKers::Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::experience rotfloor
rex_coach::LMAO @ beat you with experience....
KOBE BRYANT IS THE BRICKMASTER::was kornet on the board last night?
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::I will stone cold stun ustna
ustnas head looks like a weiner::no wait be a gentleman first take off his sunglasses
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::I wouldnt want to hit a man wearing glasses
Prince Humperdinck::In Rose's MVP season last year, he shot 45% (and 86% from the FT line), averaged 25 PPG, and had nearly 8 dimes per game.
Prince Humperdinck::The MVP this season should be LeBron, then Durant, then K Love.
DodgersWinWS08::sounds about right....
Pasteyirishguy::I'm a kobe fan, but a realistic one, he shouldn't be the mvp all those guys are valid, but i think durant will have to win, lbj in second . . . and why doesn't espn ever show spurs highlights or games or cover them like other successful teams, i'm not saying Parker should win, but he is definetly a top 5 mvp candidate this year, 1. durant   2 lebron   3 klove   4 kobe   5parker
chiefsfan716::And your point is...
DodgersWinWS08::You're right he is...nobody said he wasn't...
DodgersWinWS08::And they should both be in the discussion...someone said Kobe shouldn't be in the discussion and he is pretty valuable to the Lakers...I dont believe he should win it though
Prince Humperdinck::Yeah, Love is at 45.1%, 39% from 3, and is at 82% from the FT line and has the most made FT's in the league.  To go along with insane rebounding numbers.  Dude has become an absolute monster.
Prince Humperdinck::Not on 42% shooting.  That simply isn't efficient enough.  Not unless a ton of his made baskets were 3's.  Like, K Love is shooting 45%, I think (and 3% is significant, by the way), but he makes a ton of 3's.
DodgersWinWS08::He is the top scorer in the NBA....he at least deserves to be in the conversation...
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::he is talking about Rose and Usna has to trow in his dumb opinion
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::where is he mentioning Kobe? you bafoon
Prince Humperdinck::Somebody said Rose shot 42% last year, so I just wanted to state facts.
ustna::Kobe does not even belong in MVP conversation this year or last
GAMET1ME_CEO::<b>Shaquille/gasol/Bynum,  Thanks for the ride to 5 rings.  -kobe</b>
AlaskaHawks::Even if you're gonna try to troll, please do a better job. Bynum????
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::Kobe has 5 rings LeBron -ZERO! and getting married ring doesnt count HEAT FANS
Pasteyirishguy::^someone doesn't grasp the concept of sarcasm and humor
daytradernupe::LMAO
ustna::Stone Cold Steve_ Austin - kind of name is ustna not very clever there eh buddy  Are you really going to criticize my member name, Stone Cold..........?  LMFAO
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::I got money and a ring(Marriage) to a hot beautiful woman in which you will never have,you too busy being a hater instead worrying bout yours!
ustna::Stone Cold Steve_ Austin - I find you to be amusing ,The only things in life that matter are rings and money so what do you have chip!   huh?
ustna::.
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::kind of name is ustna not very clever there eh buddy
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::I find you to be amusing ,The only things in life that matter are rings and money so what do you have chip!
ustnas head looks like a weiner::ustna looks like a d.ick with sunglasses i agree
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::He is a Heat fan what do you expect ,1 Championship thanks to Shaq and they feel entitled to a opinion !
Pasteyirishguy::^looks like a d.ick now
ustna::there is nothing sarcastic or humorous about it....
ustna::Stone Cold Steve_ Austin - Kobe has 5 rings LeBron -ZERO! and getting married ring doesnt count HEAT FANS   "getting married ring"  ^ The epitome of a Laker fan's intelligence.
DodgersWinWS08::Generalizing a whole fan base is the opposite of intelligence...it's ignorance
ustna::how are you proving a point? In order to "prove" it, there has to be a question about it.   /sigh
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::I wasn't aware we had to be smart to prove a point on these boards! sensitive heat fan's F OFF
chiefsfan716::Kobe is better than Lebron. End of stroy.
ustna::chiefsfan716 - Kobe is better than Lebron. End of stroy.  Well...it was a fun debate while it lasted. I guess the "stroy" is over now...
chiefsfan716::*story
Chickism::Good win considering.  But I expect the Clippers to kick the Lakers butt again tonight.   Bynum actually plays the Clippers great, so it would help a lot if he were back in action.
ustnas head looks like a weiner::I cant wait to see gasol hit chris the midget paul in the head again
AlaskaHawks::Well after 2 good shooting nights back to back, Kobe is back to 43%. Hopefully he can continue to limit his outside shots, and shoot better.
boom.shaka.::AlaskaHawks - Well after 2 good shooting nights back to back, Kobe is back to 43%. Hopefully he can continue to limit his outside shots, and shoot better. ==== It's no coincidence that his shot attempts have dropped since the Lakers signed Sessions.  Need Ramon to get and stay active early on.  Not just to take pressure off Kobe, but also to keep Chris Paul on his toes on the defensive end.
Prince Humperdinck::If they had open shots like Fisher so often did, they would be better shooters.  Fisher is awful, and has been for quite some time.
AlaskaHawks::They would literally have 50% or more of their shots blocked.
Prince Humperdinck::I'm not so sure.  LOL.
AlaskaHawks::I know you're being facetious, because no they wouldn't.
Prince Humperdinck::Odyssey Sims or Skylar Diggins would have been upgrades on Fisher.
AlaskaHawks::Absolutely agree Getting 15 and 8 from the PG instead of 6 and 3 is a big boost. I miss Fish, but Ramon is an upgrade.
KIS2012::i wish kobe could shoot more, it is the most beautiful thing to watch, nothing like it in the nba. too bad sessions joined or kobe would have 2000 shots in 66 games, a record no one will ever touch  the greatest shooter ever, and off the court the best face of the nba to ever lace them up. it will be a dark day when he retires, so lets enjoy every minute of this talent
ustna::OMG...
DodgersWinWS08::People can hate on Kobe all they want...his game is leading to championships...everyone else is just bitter cause their team never amounts to anything....he's the best because of his desire to win. He's the most competitive player and has absolutely no quit in him....you cannot teach players that. So he may take more shots than people prefer but he is trying to win games...and looking back at all the championship parades in LA....well worth it
Prince Humperdinck::If Wilt had won a couple more rings, particularly against the Celtics, he might have an argument with all the stats he has.
daytradernupe::If he had not won any championships I would buy that argument but, the guy won 2 and played during an era where the most dominant team had 7 hall of famers at any given time. There is also, that little issue of the NBA creating rules just to attempt to slow him down. The players of modern era actually had rule changes designed to benefit them.
daytradernupe::Wilt Chamberlain is the best player of all-time.
daytradernupe::The entire on notion that he was the only legit big man in his era (1 of 3 players at 7' tall in his era) has already been proven to be false. The average NBA center during his 14 year career was 6'10" and 2/3. The average center in today's NBA is 6'11". Wow what a difference.
daytradernupe::The guy still won two championships and a slew of others to a team that on a bad night was running out 7 hall of famers. Could you imagine a team today that had CP3 at point gaurd, D. Wade at shooting gaurd, Kevin Durant and small foward, Dwight Howard at center and a primed Tim Duncan at Center? Then throw in two more Hall of Famers to come off the bench. Imagine how dominant that team would be. That was essentially what it was like playing the Celtics 60's. It really is a testament to how great Wilt was that he even beat them at all.
daytradernupe::Men lie, women lie but, numbers don't. To call that silly shows your ignorance. Let me guess Celtic fan right.
L.A. Native::Mohammad El-Akkari is the best player of all time ;)
AlaskaHawks::Only 1 of 3 players at 7' tall in his era.
Prince Humperdinck::Only because he got owned by Russell's Celtics teams and didn't win a bunch of rings, I can't agree with that.  He was a beast, though, there's no question.
AlaskaHawks::I can't agree with that.
Pasteyirishguy::silliest thing said on the boards today
DodgersWinWS08::So basically your a 58 year old dude living at home with his parents and is still stuck in the 70s and 80s....this all make sense now....
Prince Humperdinck::If you want to consider him starting at #3, be my guest.  He isn't even in the conversation against Magic or Oscar Robertson, however.
DodgersWinWS08::Well John Stockton may be in the conversation for best PG of all time and he didnt win any titles....
Prince Humperdinck::Oh good Lord.  He has zero titles and you want to put him as an all-time great.  Can we judge him AFTER he wins at least one?  Right now he isn't even close to the conversation.
DodgersWinWS08::you have NONE of the player from the current era....Lebron is better than half of those guys...and I hate Lebron but him or Larry Bird...I take Lebron...
Prince Humperdinck::By the way, it's "you're", not your, but nice try.
Prince Humperdinck::Oh I see, so the history of the game is irrelevant to you and the best players can only be from the current era.  Got it.
DodgersWinWS08::When did I say I thought Kobe was better that MJ??? MJ is the all time best...no argument there...I think Kobe is #2 though
Pasteyirishguy::even if he retired today he would be higher than 10, if he retired last year he would be, he's already played 16 seasons how much more do you need to see from him
AlaskaHawks::Well, he is still playing, so his resume isn't closed. There is a case for him being top 10, I personally don't quite have him there yet. BTW considering the amount of players that came before him, 11th isn't a sleight.
Pasteyirishguy::or even top 5 for that matter, but 12?? c'mon
Pasteyirishguy::i understand not putting him in the top 2, but seriously, 11th or 12th?? that's just ignorance
AlaskaHawks::I think thats a good start, I think Kobe is more like 11th or 12th at this point. One more title, and it would change that list quite a bit though.
Prince Humperdinck::Off the top of my head, I would have Jordan, Magic, Kareem, Wilt, Russell, and Bird over Kobe.  At a bare minimum.
Prince Humperdinck::If you think Kobe is better than Jordan you must be very young and didn't see MJ play.  He was far better and it truly wasn't really that close.  I say this as a diehard Laker fan and a guy who always thought MJ was a total jerk.  But I recognize.
Prince Humperdinck::I guess you missed the post that said Kobe is the GOAT.
L.A. Native::...and Kobe never socked a teammate...
DodgersWinWS08::Dude nobody said Kobe is better that Michael Jordan....so keep arguing with yourself....
Prince Humperdinck::Those Boston teams were kind of good.  I argued all last night that Bird is better than Kobe and criminally underappreciated by today's fans.  Bird was basically regarded as being on par with Magic for his career, and we all know how we feel about Magic in this town.
L.A. Native::Kobe hasn't been in his prime for 5 years
Prince Humperdinck::In their athletic primes, Jordan was faster and quicker and could get to the basket easier, and when that athleticism started to wane slightly in their early 30's, Jordan was a better mid-range shooter who didn't take nearly as many bad shots.  He also had better handles and NEVER made boneheaded plays late in games.  Kobe does that all the time, gets roofed on shot attempts, makes a bad pass, a bad dribble, whatever.  Jordan never, ever, EVER did stuff like that late in games later in his career, except maybe when he was on the Wizards LOL.
L.A. Native::I did see MJ play and remember those years he got wrecked by Boston and also the #45 and Wizards years.
Prince Humperdinck::He's a great player who's had a fantastic career.  He just isn't Michael Jordan.  It was a silly comparison to begin with.  Unfair to them both, really.
DodgersWinWS08::Created my profile in Oct of 2008 when I thought Manny was gonna carry us to a championship....
DodgersWinWS08::Do you speak English dude??? Or do you try to sound like an idiot on purpose...
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::love your screen name but we didnt win crap in 08 maybe 12 will be the yr and yes parades in june rock a.ss
L.A. Native::nah, Kobe's the GOAT.
ustna::comparable means nothing...don't inflate it
DodgersWinWS08::Well MJ himself said that Kobe is the only player he's seen that is comparable to him....MJ said that...
tgtg31::ustna  Ah, I see... No one wants to touch that question.  6th or 7th?  Behind Malone, Stockton, Kidd, M. Malone, Olajuwon, Magic......terrible Kobe!  How can you have turnovers like the rest of those scrubs?  Honestly?  You don't see how ridiculous you sound?
Prince Humperdinck::Well it's kind of obvious to see how PG's would have turnovers.  They are always handling the ball and trying to make plays that lead directly to baskets.  Yeah, Magic had well over 3 turnovers a game (almost 4 I think), but he also had over 11 assists per game, and that's a very good ratio.
ustna::exactly
biglump41::Kobe Bryant is the greatest streak shooter of all time IMO,and i it looks like if Ramon can get him shots in small bursts ,maybe 3 or 4 at a time and then let Kobe become a facilitator while he and others attack it should   help limit kobes shot attempts.But it should help him find his rhythm easier.
ustna::I'm sure he wishes he could shoot 3-4 x's at once....
tgtg31::And I've never rooted for or against Bryant but this ingorant talk of ball hogging has to stop.  He shoots 3 less per game than the greatest of all time and makes 1 less out of every 25 taken.  Plus, as long as he finishes out his 3 year contract putting up his current numbers he'll finish top 15 all time in assists.  Ball hog?  Overrated?  Titles because of other players?  You sound like a complete fool when you down play the guy's greatness!
Prince Humperdinck::Pastey, that's a valid point, but 42% is still too low of a number.
Prince Humperdinck::Yeah the issue now is volume scoring.  He's taking too many forced, bad shots.  He can get a shot up almost at any time, but he takes so many difficult shots.  Whereas with Bynum, he obviously gets high-percentage shots close to the basket, and he's almost always more athletic and bigger and/or taller than anybody guarding him.  It's just an easier shot for him at this stage, and that's why there's a 16% disparity in shooting % between the two.  If Kobe shot a little less and Bynum shot a little more, Kobe would probably shoot 45-46% and Bynum would probably shoot 55%, and that would be about normal since one guy's a center and one guy's a SG.
boom.shaka.::@Prince -- unfortunately, it's not that simple.  For starters, everybody knows the Lakers want to get the ball to Bynum and they've done everything in the power to either prevent that or two force it out of his hands once he gets it.  They can do that because the Lakers can't consistently hit outside shots.  Since the Lakers can't consistently hit outside shots, Kobe forces them up.  When Kobe forces them up, his FG% drops faster than Lebron's hairline.  Kobe's shot attempts have actually dropped since Sessions - a guy who can create a shot off the dribble - came on board so I'm hopeful he won't feel the need to put the team on his back quite so much.
Pasteyirishguy::what doesn't get taken into consideration is the free throws a player like rose, kobe, jennings gets that are not reflected by fg %.  by taking more shots, there are a lot of points that a guy like that gets because they are getting to the line 10 times a night, adding about 8 pionts, the lower fg % doesn't translate to less points in all cases because they get the points regardless of making the fg
Prince Humperdinck::The way he's been shooting for the past few weeks, he's going to end the season at around 40%, putting him into Brandon Jennings territory.
Prince Humperdinck::Jennings is shooting 41.1% this season, for the record, and just 38.8% for his career.
Louie5547::it wouldnt matter how many shots he took if they won and he didnt miss as much
Prince Humperdinck::I don't mind shooting a lot nor his assists.  I do mind, however, the turnovers piling up later in his career (he doesn't handle the ball well anymore), and I do mind 42% shooting.
Prince Humperdinck::Yeah, just saw that, 2nd active and 10th all-time.
ustna::I knew that, I wanted the same person to tell me where he projects in 3 yrs.
boom.shaka.::ustna - Ah, I see... No one wants to touch that question. ====  He's 10th all time right now. (the internet is your friend....use it)
ustna::Ah, I see... No one wants to touch that question.
ustna::Good point. Where will he rank alltime in turnovers?
tgtg31::Didn't Rose shoot 42% last year when he won the MVP?
boom.shaka.::Ball Hog = a guy who crushes my favorite team
ustna::Nick Young is a ballhog and he crushes no one
Prince Humperdinck::It's gonna be interesting when the luxury tax stiff penalties kick in for the '13-14 season and Kobe is making $30MM out of a $60MM salary cap.  I don't see how Pau is on the team in two years.  Unless they did something even more drastic...amnestying Kobe simply for financial reasons.  I don't think they would, but there's no way Jim Buss' boy, Bynum, is going anywhere, so it's gotta be Pau or Kobe, realistically.
boom.shaka.::Prince Humperdinck - It's gonna be interesting when the luxury tax stiff penalties kick in for the '13-14 season and Kobe is making $30MM out of a $60MM salary cap.  I don't see how Pau is on the team in two years.  Unless they did something even more drastic...amnestying Kobe simply for financial reasons.  I don't think they would, but there's no way Jim Buss' boy, Bynum, is going anywhere, so it's gotta be Pau or Kobe, realistically. =====  Buss called Kobe "untradeable" in an interview a few weeks back.  He refused to say the same about Bynum.
December-21-2012::lakers must've won last night and Kobe must've hit the game winner since BayAreaZ is back on a Lakers thread complaining again for like the 7th straight day.  U must have no life.  Lakers: 16 Titles Kobe:  5 Titles  U MAD?
tgtg31::Clipper fans are really trash talking the Lakers/Bryant.  Seriously?  Does anyone not find that mildly amusing?  You normally have to pay for this stuff
BooYah1817::The Clippers only know greatness because they play in the same arena as the Lakers.
Louie5547::ahhh so clipper fans do exist??
ustna::that you dont know many people
DodgersWinWS08::And what does that say about me exactly???
ustna::that says more about you than anything else.....just saying
DodgersWinWS08::They were non-existent before this season....been living in LA my whole life and have met like 3 Clippers fans...
Mister Mel::LOL. Pau Gasol vs. Kris Humphries = Slapfight of the Century  And I'd STILL give it to K-Hump in a clean knockout.
mdtuzo::humphries would beat the shit out of that sissy euro
finalfourinfinity::teams to root for 152. baltimore bullets 153. providence steamrollers 154. charlotte bobcats 155. clippers 987. miami heat
lvlr_l3anks::Holy shi.t you've got the Clippers high!
mdtuzo::lol at lakers fans of all people getting mad at another fanbase for being cocky LOL. clips are finally legit let them have some fun
December-21-2012::LOL @ Clips being "Legit"  now thats funny
boom.shaka.::mdtuzo - lol at lakers fans of all people getting mad at another fanbase for being cocky LOL. clips are finally legit let them have some fun ====  As a Lakers fan, I'd like a hometown rival...makes the games more interesting.
hee_haw_hee_hawn::you look like a child molester
ustna::DodgersWinWS08 - Ice Cube is a Lakers fan...he's pretty bright...have you seen Anaconda????  -_-
DodgersWinWS08::Ice Cube is a Lakers fan...he's pretty bright...have you seen Anaconda????
ustna::mdtuzo - its warren buffet, you idiot...  Don't pay attention to her. Laker fans are not very bright.
mdtuzo::what?
DodgersWinWS08::You look like Warren Buffet...
hee_haw_hee_hawn::well whatever idiot your lover waffles buffet  looks like that
mdtuzo::its warren buffet, you idiot...
CbadLancer14::I would root for the Clips if the Lakers get knocked out and the Clips keep going. How can you actually hate the Clippers? They are a pathetic franchise that aren't even any sort of rivals to the Lakers. Honestly rooting against them would feel forced, giving them too much respect.
Louie5547::KIA= killed in action...deff not driving a car with that acro for a name
boom.shaka.::just like selling the Nova in Mexico  Nova = no va = doesn't run
CbadLancer14::I agree, Blake Griffin is pretty damn annoying
DodgersWinWS08::Especially in those lame @ss Kia commercials...
ustna::Trust me, you will find him VERY annoying tonight.
DodgersWinWS08::I didnt like all these bandwagon fans in preseason saying that the Clippers are the top team in LA and Lakers are second to the Clippers...that made me hate the Clippers a bit...and I cant stand Blake Griffin
boom.shaka.::I can't root against the Clippers -- that would be like rooting against the Special Olympics.  But, at the same time, I can't really root for them.  I mean...they're the Clippers.
CbadLancer14::that being said i fully expect the Grizz to beat them in 5 or 6 in round 1
ustna::you mean the Grizz that we just obliterated and you lost to?
Louie5547::i hate the clipps... reason  1. they think they run LA for wat ever reason 2. and two bgriff is a showboat/ tool
ustna::When the Lakers get knocked out of the playoffs, I will still be rooting for the Clippers.
AlaskaHawks::In 2013
ustna::Yep. Then too. Good point.
RAlexander 07::So you're sayin' there's a chance!
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::if my lakers get knocked off I will be rooting for the 1.Knicks  2.Okc bcuz of Fisher
lvlr_l3anks::Knicks, really? That's gay!
Louie5547::hahah and i could care less, and 90% of clipp fans are all of a sudden, and by coming out of the closet meaning they achknowledge out loud that they like the clipps bcuz they have a few more wins under their belt for once..i hope that explanation was in depth enuff for you to understand
ustna::you must not be very bright.... I'm sorry.  bandwagon does not mean secret fan. clear enough?
Louie5547::why dont you google it for me?
ustna::bandwagon fans are fans of something all of a sudden. they don't hide their fandom in a closet as you suggested. I am not a 26yr long diehard fan of the Clips....
Louie5547::oh i know i few real fans and i dont dissm...just the fakers...but i dont want them to win..cuz that means the lakers didnt
Louie5547::lol nope id let them watch as they get cleaned but thats about it....i have a distaste for bandwagon clipp fans who came out of the closet after the cp3 debacle
ustna::do you know what bandwagon means? clearly you don't according to your post.
CbadLancer14::think of the real fans though. they deserve something after all those years. ignore the bandwagoners
Louie5547::being a laker fan i refuse to root for the clipps, and id switch 1 for the bulls
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::kinda feel bad for our other jv team ,we got to let them hoist it once right?
Stone Cold Steve_ Austin::3.Grizzlies  4.clippers
boom.shaka.::If the Lakers get knocked out , I'll be rooting for (in order):  1) OKC -- I like what they're doing there and Fish could use one for the other hand 2) SA -- been an outside fan ever since PJ tried to dismiss their strike-year championship 3) Miami -- I'd love to see Lebron stick it to his haters.
SeahawkLakerFan206::1)Lakers 2)Bulls 3)Spurs 4)Grizzlies  Can't stand the Heat because of their Lebron following fans (Cavs fan b4 now a Heat fan).  And dislike the Thunder owners for taking the Sonics out of Seattle (I do like their players though).  Unfortunately this might be the finals matchup, if so, I would go for the Heat.  But if the Lakers don't make it, I'm rooting for anyone besides MIA or OKC.
joemike1221::OKC &amp; Chicago at 1 &amp; 2
RAlexander 07::I would support Chicago if their fans were not so annoying :)
waynesmith3320::I actually feel a bit sorry for Lebron...man gets pummeled
joemike1221::He gets pummeled for the stuff that comes out of his mouth and his smartphone (and The Decision). The guy needs a PR guy badly.
finalfourinfinity::3) Bulls *
Louie5547::agreed 1 and 2 or ok, but 3...id rather see him fail
Julie.Again::With ya on the first 2.
