raidertatonmyarmversion2::LUOL DENG NOAH R ALL STARSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
raidertatonmyarmversion2::I HATE NIGHTS WHEN BULLS DONT PLAY EVEN WORSE WHEN SOMEBODY I WANT TO LOSE DOESNT PLAY ALSO OH WAIT KNICKS OR PLAYING CELTICS I WANT BOTH TEAMS TO LOSE
tigel18::Was Noah actually in bounds on that save?  I didn't see a slow-mo replay, but the ball looked so far out of reach for someone to actually save it.  Amazing play though.
FoxKat93::yellowdart24 You guys are very delusional. No wonder no one likes talking to Chicago sports fans. Keep living in Da Bears glory days and MJ. ====== lol. You mad??? The Chicago Bulls have performed way better than the Pacers these last few seasons--admit it. No one is living in the glory days, but enjoying the team we have now. What are the glory days for the Pacers???
Chicagocold312::Lil Nate FOOL!!!
raidertatonmyarmversion2::i hate people that talk about moving DENG period i shouldnt explain myself if u knew anything about the game u would know that deng has been amazing for years now YEARS butler bless his soul has only played 41 games last year dont count so please his great i love him but dont ride his dick like his the second coming of lebron james DENG IS STILL WHERE THE BREAD GETS BUTTERED ON DEFENSE
raidertatonmyarmversion2::i hate people that talk about moving DENG period i shouldnt explain myself if u knew anything about the game u would know that deng has been amazing for years now YEARS butler bless his soul has only played 41 games last year dont count so please his great i love him but dont ride his dick like his the second coming of lebron james DENG IS STILL WHERE THE BREAD GETS BUTTERED ON DEFENSE
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::"I LIKE MY MEATBALLS SPICY!!!!"   Best call of 2013.
RunTheBall22_-_::Noah is an all star
iplaydrunk247::went to heats recap page, comments got flagged! all i said was being number 1 doesnt mean anything!
DRoseNumeroUno::So wait.. we have a Pacers fan on here (who we are up .5) w/o DRose &amp; Deng... Dude you are screwed when we are healthy... he honestly believes the Pacers are going to beat the bulls Down the stretch for the division... wow
DatGuy8921::They think that having Larry Bird in the building will somehow give them the NFC title and a World Cup berth.
DRoseNumeroUno::Nice game Detroit.. told you guys they were going to make this close.
DatGuy8921::Detroit knows how to play Chicago, but they also have added incentive to play even harder knowing that we are 17-0 against them since 2008.  I think the last the time we played the Bulls were down by 17 also right?
JordanFadeAway::JIMMY BUCKETS!
DetroitRoper::These young Pistons have to learn how to win games against tough teams. Monroe looked scared to shoot the ball and Stuck was throwing up some garbage in the 4th. Gotto give credit to the Bulls D in the 4th...they cranked up the pressure....hell of a play by Noah to win the game.   I like the direction of the Pistons, but to finish off a good team like the Bulls on the road you have to play all 48..........who was the hot piece of a## new to Pippen last night??? Yowza!!!
sshrader64::I believe that was his wife.
DRose4Life01::Jimmy Buckets baby!
FearThePeanutPunch12::One game out of the 2 seed at mid-season, and DRose less than a month away (hopefully) and taking full-contact in practice... I'll take that all day.
JordanFadeAway::Hell yeah..SEE RED!
yellowdart24::I know you're happy about finally picking up a game on the Pacers last night but when the Pacers split their remaining two road games they will be 27-18. The Pacers have not lost two in a row since early December. After this road trip the Pacers have 9 of their next 10 games at home. Remember the Pacers have played a lot of road games already and have been awful on the road. The Bulls however during this similar stretch have 10 of their next 12 games on the road. Once the home games start happening this Pacers team will be favorites for the No. 2 seed let alone the Central Division. After this stretch as well the Pacers will be getting Granger back. The Bulls might have Rose as well but the hole will be too deep for the Bulls to come back.
yellowdart24::You guys are very delusional. No wonder no one likes talking to Chicago sports fans. Keep living in Da Bears glory days and MJ.
ddebarto::Has anyone here mentioned the Bears or MJ?  How are we living in the glory days?
yellowdart24::I can see you guys ignore simple facts. In the next month, the Pacers will be at least 4-5 games up in the Central. Bulls will not have Rose back before this hard stretch happens for the Bulls. Pacers are one of the best home teams in the NBA and have 11 of their next 13 at home starting next week. Pacers will start to run away but I guess there is no reasoning with Bulls fans. You'll see soon enough.
DatGuy8921::Facts are based on things that have occurred.  The Sun is made of volatile gases.  Water turns into vapor at a certain temperature.  D Rose was MVP.  Saying the Pacers will go this and that is not fact, that's postulating.
Mrbiz8505::simple facts?.....like you 'guessing' that the Pacers will be up at least 4-5 games next month.....  I doesn't matter anyways..... to get to the Finals...you'll have to beat the best team in the East no matter what seed you are.
JordanFadeAway::what lowlife
FearThePeanutPunch12::Nice try yellowfart, but nobody cares. And you will be nowhere to be found after the Fakers, I mean Pacers, finish behind the Bulls and lose in the first round.
yellowdart24::Wrong but thanks for playing. Don't worry. I'm saving all of this conversation so that I can post it 100 times come April just for you. And everyone will have to suffer now.
FearThePeanutPunch12::Your crystal ball is broken yellowfart.
kartkid024::"Remember the Pacers have played a lot of road games already and have been awful on the road."  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- And remember the bulls have played a lot of home games already and have been awful at home.
JordanFadeAway::so what..favorites means a pile of a doo doo you still gotta go out and play..your making it seem like the pacers are automatically getting the 2nd seed..doubt it!
JordanFadeAway::pacers are not gettin the central..rose will make sure of that
kartkid024::Bulls have played better on the road and have played better against top teams.  So its not really helping your argument to bring those things up.
yellowdart24::Also during this 12 game stretch for the Bulls, they only face 2 teams (Hornets &amp; Bobcats) that are not in the playoffs currently and both of those are on the road.
yellowdart24::They may not get the No. 2 seed but all they have to do is keep doing what they have been this last month and a half and the Central division is over. The Pacers have won 11 straight home games and after the road trip they have 9 of their next 10 and 11 of their next 13 games are at home. The Pacers will probably go at least 9-4 during this stretch (8-3 at home; 1-1 on the road) and build a massive lead in the Central thanks in large part to the Bulls having 10 of their next 12 on the road.
1973Iceman::The Pistons would be about .500or slightly over .500 if they wouldn't have so many fourth quarter breakdowns...This is getting ridiculous
iplaydrunk247::fatigue
JordanFadeAway::if they were slightly better the fourth quarter meltdowns wouldnt happen..the bulls defense turned it up and pressured them..the D is to good!
FearThePeanutPunch12::So what you are saying, essentially, is: "If the Pistons didn't suck so much, they would be better."
mattcowboys77::If they did not suck in the 4th quarter yes.
getmadnerds::who could watch this game, like every 5 seconds it seemed like they were blowing whistles and shooting free throws. now i remember why i stopped watching basketball, this sport has become so lame.
JordanFadeAway::probably cuz your a pistons fan..that explains it
alimema10::the bulls came right back in the game
JWayMac42::Jimmy Bulter should be the answer for a solid 2 guard with all-star potential.
allanfiloteo::it will only happen if Jimmy could knock down open shots, especially from behind the arc
iplaydrunk247::thats what i been saying all season!!! and have marco back deng up
knickskid1212::That sve from noah good effort  but was clearly out of bouds when he tryed to save it still landed out of boubds
JordanFadeAway::never went out of bounds idiot
FranklinStrut::Blah blah blah
Hunnybadger21::Go blackhawks
Theironrod2012::Bulls need to really look into trading Deng. Butler looks better, or they should have Deng coming off the bench. Butler Defense is better and look better on offense
VEEGINA::Butler better then Deng? GTFO
AdamSaidThis::Newsflash: Deng is still better on both ends of the court than is Butler.
TritonManta::How about just use him as a shooting guard?
Kit Ramsey::Don't pay attention to this hater theironrod, he's not a Bulls fan, and even if he was, he says the most assinine sh it u ever heard.
steffinity89@gmail.com::you don't need a quality bench?
steffinity89@gmail.com::this seems like a function of expectations.  Deng is actually pretty critical to the offense and is very good on defense.  Butler is doing very well but if Deng leaves who fills butler's role?
Theironrod2012::They don't really need someone to fill butler bench role lol
Jaime Lanister::not this year, no.  Butler has been good for 5 games but let's see if he can keep it up.  No doubt he looks really good
martymcfly1984::not so fast there kido it one game
NYballer6969::Much respect to Thibs ..He loses Rose ..No big deal ..He loses most of his 2nd team from last year ...No big deal ! He loses his 2nd best player in Deng ...No big deal ! Bulls in first place again ! Thibs the real MVP on the Bulls !
matthewescalona::Whatever you are on is pretty strong...  I'd advise holding off on it.
Theironrod2012::Nope I think a lot of bulls fans are delusional. How the hell is he one of the best coaches and he hasn't won a championship (as a head coach). If he wins one as a head coach. I would say he one of the best coaches. I don't accept every thing the stupid idiots in the media says about sports. I been watching the bulls for ten years striaght. I was watching them when bill cartwright was they coach and they had Jamal Crawford. The truth is both Thibs and Deng are overrated and overpaid. If Thibs a good coach lets see what he do. It would be smart to start butler and have Deng come off the bench, lol but thats not going to happen.
VEEGINA::Mr. Theironrod2012...when did you get into basketball? Because from the content of your posts it seems like yesterday. Your just another one of those a-holes who can't look at anything objectively but still claims that you do.
yorkfoxes6::Notice how the only like is your own. your an idiot. without thibs we would be near the bottom of the league
Kit Ramsey::Dude, shut your hater a-z-z up!, damn!
Theironrod2012::No stop trying to make it seem like Rose didn't deserve MVP. In that case Chris Paul shouldn't even be in MVP conversations. Plus do you see how many players the bulls got? They have a lot. Its not just Coach Thibs, the bulls made the playoffs before him when they had Scott Skiles and vinny del negro. Thibs, Skiles, and Del negro havent won a championship yet. Thibs is the most overrated coach I saw in my life.
BruceLee-roy1::Overrated? are you high?
JordanFadeAway::??? your delusional..thibs is one of the best in the nba
Neil826::they put up a better fight than the lakers the other night.  detroit is supposed to bad though thats the difference.
ron953::Jimmie Butler getting playing time and making the best of it, I didn't want Loul to get hurt but in a way it let Butler show his skills and it will help come playoff time..Hurry back Loul Deng!!
parafal::if JB can keep this up and Gibson gets last years form back ...liking it
TrckRunner35::I think jimmy butler should start over rip
VikingsRedsBulls::Yes it would work really well look at pacers they have a 6 10 sg that's really a sf (Paul George)
Theironrod2012::thats dumb rip a shooting guard and Butler a small forward.  Would you start deng as shooting?
modneonj::I kinda like my meatballs spicy.
Pepsolman::With my lasagna noodle!
DatGuy8921::I like my meatballs in a Heat fans mouth.
chisport23::Butler=Alshon
DatGuy8921::WIthout the injuries.  Knock on wood everyone.
12Seatown::Does anyone know when rose is supposed to comeback?
12Seatown::Oh okay. Im not a big bulls fan but i like to watch D-rose play
JordanFadeAway::after the allstar break..they said maybe even earlier
KiLLa ABiLiTy::FEAR_THE_HEAT Lol almost lost to the Pistons?  Didn't the Heat lose to the Pistons this season on the 28th in December? Lol!!
ncjcrsu::Why do you remember that?
House O Paign::seriously dude back off FEAR_THE_HEAT said somethin idiotic about the bulls and he made a good come back
KiLLa ABiLiTy::Why do you care what I say?
Robert Sacre::I love every person in the NBA except Mr. Noah
Robert Sacre::Chicago Bulls without illegal screens = bobcats
drew_h07::^^^^^^^ Sacre- Every screen in the NBA is illegal.  Don't hate the Bulls.  There are many moving screeen masters in the league, watch KG he's the best.
TritonManta::Lakers alone &lt; Bobcats
Rook_217::Yeah, cuz that post didn't quite work the first time you said it...try it again the next Bulls win as well.
Bulls greater than all teams::Didnt you get posterized by James Harden ?
FoxKat93::lol. Some Pacers fans are delusional. They think that Granger=Rose and that the Bulls don't have a chance since they beat us once this season. Pacers are a good team, but they aren't better than the Bulls at full health.
FEAR_THE_HEAT::Lol almost lost to the Pistons?
Tdavis2304::As a piston fan Heat should be ashamed they lost to pistons we don't have a star heat have 3 stars well wade was out so 2
House O Paign::U mad brah
DatGuy8921::Needed overtime to beat the Raptors?
tbomber2::were they toying with the wizards?
DatGuy8921::Then Miami is doing a bad job.
FEAR_THE_HEAT::Heat were toying with them
ryan loris::bulls suck    .     detroit,DETROIT gave this to the and the refs suck BAD!
martymcfly1984::Bulls record and the Pistons record say otherwise
andreb6963::dwight howard to the chicago bulls  http://torontoraptorsiq.blogspot.ca/
tbomber2::did you just write that so you would get hits...  shameful
raidertatonmyarmversion2::$@%!$@% PACERS GETTING ROCKED IM LOVING IT
Mike39971::bulls will be back in first place by the end of the night.
raidertatonmyarmversion2::ok rose is the best PG in the nba. the facts and numbers and wins back that up u dont believe me go see win loss record against top PGS in the league and rose puts up better numbers FACT FACT FACT im not here trolling im not here saying anything but im just stating facts ROSE IS THE BEST PG and will BE THE BEST PG OF ALL TIME up there with ISIAH THOMAS AND MAGIC
parafal::love Rose but better then CP3 right now?
yorkfoxes6::He poops on cp3 every single matchup. not once or twice. EVERYTIME. so yea. knowing that
BetaPsi91::they pulled it off          props
WOOTPANCEONFIRE::Rose Butler Deng Boozer Noah Championship caliber starting lineup
Mike39971::nope
knicks will choke::i think jimmy might be better at small forward
WOOTPANCEONFIRE::A trade for Rudy Gay and giving Drummond more minutes would make the Pistons a low playoff seed next year.
tja52::Next year? What about this year? The season isnt even half over and the pistons are only a few games out of getting that 8th seed. i think they will get it tbh. They started slow this year just like last year and started playing much better after the all star break so im expecting them to do the same again.
Tdavis2304::We can be low seed with gay 8th for sure with gay maybe 6th
geeman217::REST Deng   2-more games???  Yes/No    why?
drew_h07::Bring Deng back next wed against the Bucks, or next Friday vs. Brooklyn.  Both big games.
DatGuy8921::Keep him dressed just in case.  But use Butler more.
Flying Through Madison Street::we need deng for golden state
geeman217::ME-? I 'd like to see him rest 2 or 3- more games...  Hammies can be a problem all season
stunna 2021::I really believe that the bull will win it all
geeman217::Portland Still Indy by 10 in 3rd
not messing around::<b>That's classic whoever posted Joey White's facebook page.  Dude is a joke!</b>
Chicago The City Of Starz 2013::Joeys life is so great! He looks g.ay, he works as an Espn troll, he likes the Suns, and is dating Snooki!
Joey White25::You're clearly a Derrick Rose fan living life in a delusional state.  You also think he deserved the MVP award you delusional fu ck.
Chicago The City Of Starz 2013::He does
iVoted4Kodos.::does anyone really 'date' Snooki though..?
hofmvp::Dont feed the troll
Chicago The City Of Starz 2013::Joey White's Job: Professional Espn Troll, and a very original and bad one at that
Joey White25::Don't be mad that Derrick Roy will be a shell of his former self.
