FoxKat93::KnixTix Are you sure Rose is even coming back???   He played 39gms last season and has already missed a quarter of this season.  That's scary! ======== Stop being a clown, he pulled his ACL at the end of last season.
KnixTix::You are a FakeAssBullsFan if you didn't know Rose only played 39gms last season.  Bulls fans should kick you off the bandwagon right now and never let you back on!  SMH
BigLu121::Brooklyn fans excuse is no Lopez yet they have 2 max contract players out there and still cant win smh
The_JTrain::turrible
TH13beast::GO CHICAGO, We are lookin good, Can't wait to get Mah Boy D-Rose back in the lineup
BigLu121::Another guy that lives in the past. If it was up to  u we wouldnt even have the teams play the games and base the whole season on past accomplishments
devrukn::and the knicks last won a title when???
devrukn::It's been a long time since they have had average basketball in New York. Can you blame Knicks fans for thinking they're the s@#t?
DatGuy8921::The last time they won a title is when Phil Jackson rocked the stache while he hustled in the blue and orange.
BigLu121::Yup right over ur 40-42 team
DatGuy8921::If the Knicks don't have a better record than a rose less bulls team that is challenged at offense, them the Knicks are just scrubs don't you think?
BigLu121::Apparently the other dude can cause he said the knicks will be .500. But ill tell u the knicks will have a better record than the bulls
DatGuy8921::The Knicks or the bulls?  Either way so long as bulls make playoffs ill consider the season a success
devrukn::Maybe you'll finish .500
BigLu121::18-5
KnixTix::Thumbs up BigLu  And 10-0 at home...We lead the Eastern Conference, and we're the only team in this league that is still perfect at home.  So, yeah...that sounds like a .500 team.
devrukn::You still lost Knick Troll.
KnixTix::He may never come back this season...then what?????  Pray that you play teams without the #2 leading scorer in the league, STAT, Shumpert, Camby, Kidd?
KnixTix::DatGuy8921 - We beat those bums without Rose so I like our chances. ------- Don't be ridiculous.  The Bulls were without Rose. The Knicks were without Melo, STAT, Shump, Kidd, Camby  You ChicagoBullShitters really are stuck on stupid!
DatGuy8921::We beat those bums without Rose so I like our chances.
dasox104::bulls without rose &gt; nets,knicks
The_JTrain::actually Melo is looking to be a strong candidate this season...
KnixTix::DatGuy8921 - Melo needs to display much better defense on a consistent basis if he wants that trophy. MVP winners aren't just judged on points scored alone. ------- You obviously haven't been watching.  Go change your diaper.
DatGuy8921::Melo needs to display much better defense on a consistent basis if he wants that trophy.  MVP winners aren't just judged on points scored alone.
devrukn::hell no!
CircleLimit4::Yeah ignore the fact that the Knicks didn't have Melo, Amar'e, Shumpert and Camby
KnixTix::DatGuy8921 - I'm sorry are any of those Knicks MVPs? Yeah I thought so. ---------------- MeloWillBeBitch!
DatGuy8921::I'm sorry are any of those Knicks MVPs?  Yeah I thought so.
KnixTix::Not to mention 3 of those guys are potential starters.    Chicago has nothing to brag about! Stop smoking crack dasox!
Bulls greater than all teams::If the playoffs started today the first round would have these two teams facing off.
Jackiemoonsexy::Once Rose returns this Bulls team is scary
KnixTix::Are you sure Rose is even coming back???    He played 39gms last season and has already missed a quarter of this season.  That's scary!
nba is the worst::Bulls manage to hang on vs the 2nd NY team in a week.  Defense looking good!
KnixTix::Bulls manage to hang on vs a depleted Knicks team son.  Don't fool yourself into thinking these are your Jordon Bulls...You're nothing but the ChicagoBullShit!
DatGuy8921::Knicks depleted?  Then what where the Bulls without Rose, Hinrich, and Hamilton?
KnixTix::Stop assuming idiot...I'm a 30 year Knick fan.  When you assume, you make an AssOutOfOnlyYourself.  You probably weren't even BORN when Jordan was making his name.  Go change your pamper!
TH13beast::We shall see my Knicks fan who can't even spell his team's name, We shall see, Just promise the next team you bandwagon for you will actually research the team's history, K? Ok buddy you have fun dreaming about the Knicks winning a Championship again
KnixTix::TH13beast - How many Championships do you have since the 70's? exactly.....SEE RED boy, you should just become a Bulls fan so your life sucks less...its great! ---------- Don't believe the hype...believe your eyes.  You're 4-1/2gms behind the #1 Knicks, which is where you will stay...behind the Knicks.
TH13beast::How many Championships do you have since the 70's? exactly.....SEE RED boy, you should just become a Bulls fan so your life sucks less...its great!
KnixTix::TH13beast - The Bulls All Time roster would beat the Knicks all time roster.... The Bulls Current Full Roster(including D-Rose) would beat the Full Knicks roster including melo and those guys....BULL= 6 Championships, Knickerbockers= 2 Championshipsl.....SIT DOWN YOUNG BUCK, WE CANT BE STOPPED BY ANY NEW YORK TEAM --------- There you go living in the past.  Jordon is retired son.  How many championships do you have since then?
TH13beast::The Bulls All Time roster would beat the Knicks all time roster.... The Bulls Current Full Roster(including D-Rose) would beat the Full Knicks roster including melo and those guys....BULL= 6 Championships, Knickerbockers= 2 Championshipsl.....SIT DOWN YOUNG BUCK, WE CANT BE STOPPED BY ANY NEW YORK TEAM
KnixTix::TH13beast - TROLL^^^^  Doesn't change the facts...ChicagoBullShit!
TH13beast::TROLL^^^^
bronxbomber62::Lopez was supposed to be out two games.  He missed more like eight games and now is still on a minutes limit.  Do you think the Nets are scared?
Porkchop8920::no, you don't just come back playing full-time after being out 2 weeks
KnixTix::Not so fast...Have you forgotten last season?  Nets should be scared...this was supposed to be 2gms.
TheAvenger007::Nets had Brook Lopez and they still lost. Nice job Chicago.
AGermanTaco::Lopez needs to get tougher, nice game bulls
nonaligned::anyone else think that Rose is faking the injury to give other guys more playing time?
Syck Byrd::Who fakes an ACL tear? Slap yourself...
Syck Byrd::Who the hell fakes an ACL tear? Slap yourself please...
Antsea91::Does rose seem like the person to fake an injury (like pierce/wade)?
Alejandra7788::Booooo!! I missed the game but I'm glad the Bulls won!!! :)
hawaiianprince12::When D-Rose return to the line up, hopefully soon Da Bulls should get rid of Hinrich. He sucks big time!! Keep Teague &amp; Nate Robinson as back up.
Kev0100::have used this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. Im making between 2-3K a month using the systems bets. You can find the system on the first page of Google by searching the words sports betting system. If you bet on sports you gotta look at this system.
springfresh3.1::BK = Frauds
steven6623::joe johnson should have took the last shot d will is gaining the rep of a choke artist plus he is mad overrated
KnickDiaz::two bums!
Antsea91::Problem is that joe is overrated as well
lurpinator::We're doing a postgame report at http://ustre.am/7bg7 come and check it out! Go Bulls!
eric-bledsoe-666::deron williams  is  overated -chris paul
bulls32032::Glad that Teague is producing, hopefully Thibs will continue to give him decent minutes when Hinrich comes back, I really love Teague's potential
Rex_Loves_Feet.::rleroy1967 MN VS DALLAS has over 4,900 comments and you have 1545...........YOU BOTH SUCK! 1 fan likes this. === Not shocking since the board is usually 1000s of kitty lovers posting non stop
Chi Town Stand Up::Good game on both sides. The Nets clearly have a team on the rise. Big improvement from last year. Love to see a former U of I alumni doing some work. D-will's gonna keep being good to you guys haha
Antsea91::slurper
Chi Town Stand Up::Ok buddy sorry I'm a sports fan in general instead of a homer.
Illinicub53333::It seems the Bulls are finally getting it together as a group. Keep grinding out wins, and we'll make the playoffs easily.
paul3d::I bashed Belineli in the beginning of the season because of his play and thought he wouldn't amount to much on this team. I hope he keeps proving me wrong!!!
Grab_It_Joa::Rubio came back tonight from a torn MCL and ACL. Wonder when Rose will be back
PhilMNAP::About a month probably. Rose tore his a month and a half later than Rubio.
mccoywajmu::after the all star break
Big Mort::How do we continue to have the #1 defense in the league with Boozer and Nate Robinson in our starting lineup? Freakin' thibs is a boss.
mccoywajmu::top 5 coach in the nba...right there behind doc pop and ric carlisle
bronxbomber62::Woodson deserves mention somewhere in there...
bwp2bruce::99% of porn stars have STDs
Antsea91::I think you're confusing pornstars with hookers. Pornstars get tested every month and have sex in a controlled environment.
jeff050578::The Brooklyn Nets are stepping back into reality and playing more like the team they really are which is the New Jersey Nets
bronxbomber62::No, they are better than that and will make the playoffs.
dem goats are eatin my damn skin::james harden doesn't know the difference between a bush and his beard  clippers made bucks go home in tears  lakers are not one of the best teams  their fans can only have fantasy wet dreams  kevin love wants a trade   dwight's mad cause he cant get laid  kobe thinks he is the best   metta world peace last name used to be artest  wade's knees are about to decompose  on christmas day, the world will witness derrick rose
-Lalabye-::He's coming back in Febuary , so on valentines day we'll fall in love with d rose again
bwp2bruce::Don't get carried away bro.
jor30174::damn bulls beat two of the most talked about teams so far the knicks and nets but they still are slept on.  dont sleep on the bulls this year
superman253540::@B51isThechosen1 The knicks played us without Rose, Hamilton and on the second half of a back to back. Tough f u c k i n g world.
B51isThechosen1::beat the knicks without melo
NJNets_100979::no melo, kidd, amare, shumpert, camby
Nychris333::na not at all we lost to guys without melo stat shump campy so we still should of beat you guys with our full squad but i give you guys credit DEFENSE is what win game and you guys have an excellent coach to teach you that .... rose needs to come back asap to make the east more interesting
-Lalabye-::lost to the bulls without derrick rose , rip hamilton , taj gibson , and kirk hinrich ... feel stupid kid
jeff050578::two of the most talked about teams...They are tlked about because they are in NY. Talked about doesnt mean good...even though the knicks are good...nets are not
superman253540::Let'em sleep.
kevininOKC67::I have used this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. Im making between 2-3K a month using the systems bets. You can find the system on the first page of Google by searching the words sports betting system. If you bet on sports you gotta look at this system.
kevininOKC67::Ive been using this betting system called sportsbettingstar the past couple of months now. im making around 2-3,000 a month profits using this system. If you search the words sports betting systems you can find the systems on the first page of google. .
Adam Lanzas .223 Bushmaster::only 1500 comments?
kevininOKC67::been using this betting system called sportsbettingstar. I am making around 2-3K a month profits using this system. If you search google for sports betting systems you can find this system there. I have tried a few different systems/cappers over the past and this one is by far the best.
mdtuzo::guys below me, the reason there arent 5000+ comments is because people just talk basketball when the game isnt an "exciting" matchup... thus trolls and other morons tend to stay away. you can go away too, if you like.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::You guys suck!!! 1548 comments!?!?!?!
rleroy1967::Meow!
rleroy1967::MN VS DALLAS has over 4,900 comments and you have 1545...........YOU BOTH SUCK!
crivera330::It's Brooklyn everybody is out enjoying ny's night life. Nets are the adopted team go check the Knicks Cavs comments
mdtuzo::good to see brook with a double double tonight though... he looks good, as long as our core is healthy we can start on improving our chemistry and thus our offense
crivera330::I think the Nets have potential but Atlanta had it right, joe will hold you back. His game will never catch up to that contract.
mdtuzo::the goal is not to use him as the main player, we already know that. but hes undeniable a good shooter and can contribute. the offense is at its best when brook lopez is the focal point. deron williams often facilitates, and when working correctly, theres lots of space on the wings. that would help out with the iso part of his game, but he can shoot as well, which is really what we need out of him... if you are going to take all those shots youve got to sink them, and thats what the space is for, to help him out.  anyway it hasnt been working out that way, joe is doing as he pleases, and brook and deron arent working the offense efficiently
ScalabrineSwag::I suppose you are right jtrain
The_JTrain::that's my point....
The_JTrain::really not trying to an as.s  I've just been unimpressed by some of the moves the bulls front office has made.  you had a 60 win season and then they let so many pieces go.  I feel like they keep getting the chance to go all in but freak out and don't.   Obviously boozer needs to be amnestied like nobody's business but there is a reason why it hasn't been done.  I like the bulls as a team. The front office needs to think up something clever... who knows what that will be.  It's something that nobody is thinking of as of now.
mccoywajmu::there is no reason to amnesty boozer now because of the salary cap implications..he is one of the best scorers on the team we need his offense..we can talk about moving on from boozer in 2014
Kev_010::damn talk about good defense haven't seen a game with this low of a score yet this year same with the pacers game
Porkchop8920::Nets play at the slowest pace in the NBA
ScalabrineSwag::ESPN isnt showing bulls vs. nets highlights and it isnt listed as coming up.  ESPN is so biased.
kevininOKC67::Winning
Flying Through Madison Street::I make around 2k a month just by commenting on this post   Everyone comment and make 3k today with me
hawkman2k13::HELLO BROOKLYN!!!!
BABY IGGY..HARDEN IS A TERRORIST::OJ mayo pulled off the play and pay, 2 year contract when he knows he improved and is improving and he is closing in on that max
The_JTrain::ur assuming Mayo would have definitely gone to the bulls instead of the Mavs
Flying Through Madison Street::Lol who would pay Oj Mayo a max deal lol
ScalabrineSwag::Getting mayo should have been a primary goal over the offseason. With his scoring along with deng noahs and rose's scoring we would have that last vital piece to put us over the edge.
Flying Through Madison Street::ScalabrineSwag - We should have passed on hinrich and robinson and used the money we are paying them to give to mayo  Ok I agree just not a max contract the bulls should ahev gave mayo a 5 year deal for even 40 mill but now it will be higher
ScalabrineSwag::We should have passed on hinrich and robinson and used the money we are paying them to give to mayo
Flying Through Madison Street::ScalabrineSwag - the bulls should have.  Woah are you saying Oj mayo deserves a max?
ScalabrineSwag::the bulls should have.
The_JTrain::he really shouldn't be maxed out tho even the way he's playing.  Some desperate team might offer it tho.
Flying Through Madison Street::Bulls should have signed oj Mayo instead of Kirk Hinrich
The_JTrain::they need boozers contract and kirk like they need cancer.  They'd be better off trading with raptors for Calderon and Andrea or the bucks for illyasova and ellis.  They are looking to spread the floor with their PFand boozer doesn't do that.  I'm generally curious about where the bulls are going to take this team from here.  It seems that they've been stuck between a rock and a hard place for a long time
The_JTrain::i think the lakers fans might take the entire front office outside and execute them in the street if that trade ever went through...
ScalabrineSwag::they need a back-up pg
The_JTrain::what would the lakers get in return? Why would they trade with the Bulls?
ScalabrineSwag::Gasol for Boozer and hinrich.
The_JTrain::what center?  There are like 4 good centers in the league who aren't injured.  Actually one of them happens to play for the bulls right now.  What big men are out there in terms of free agency.  you need to make a trade this season to compete but u don't have the assets.
ScalabrineSwag::Pau Gasol
The_JTrain::the problem is you just don't have the assets to make a good trade.  Taj has lost value.
ScalabrineSwag::no amnesty boozer and use remaining cap space to sign a center.
The_JTrain::ur going to hate me for saying this but i think Taj is overrated...  Even if he started, ur frontcourt would be so thin.
ScalabrineSwag::He has been playing terrible on the offensive end. We would need another big man that can make up for boozer's offense.
The_JTrain::i don't see why they wouldn't.  but u'd have to sign someone better.  What if cuban offers mayo max money.  then ur stuck with no starting PF.
ScalabrineSwag::TAJ
The_JTrain::that's a big if right there.
ScalabrineSwag::amnesty him.
ScalabrineSwag::the problem is that the bulls made the financial decisions this offseason and werent too aggressive.
Robert156877::ScalabrineSwag - if we could get rid of boozer we would have a ton of cap space. that should be our next move.  I get it, math isn't your strong suit.  Let me spell it out for you.  If we amnestied Boozer, we would still be over the cap.
ScalabrineSwag::if we could get rid of boozer we would have a ton of cap space. that should be our next move.
The_JTrain::i don't understand why...
Flying Through Madison Street::You see that is what I dislike about the bulls management they are too safe and over value certain players
The_JTrain::that would have been a hell of a signing.
ScalabrineSwag::lol obviously.
Flying Through Madison Street::Let em get some hotsauce with my mayo funk
ScalabrineSwag::Also, i think nate robinson should move to SG
shawnt92::oh please brooklyn fans u went to a double OT against the freaking pistons. seriously.  dont use that excuse for losing today. thats so lame
Flying Through Madison Street::Hey im a bull fan but we lost to the hornets lol
Porkchop8920::did they have Davis?
ScalabrineSwag::I think that teague should start right now and that we should get rid of hinrich and robinson for a SG or Big man...thoughts?
bulls32032::Teague possible bulls sixth man of the future...thoughts?
The_JTrain::rookies aren't good for that
The_JTrain::so ur rebuilding now?
ScalabrineSwag::now we are not....but i feel like we need to make a few changes to give us the best chance to win the NBA finals.
The_JTrain::ur looking at a very small sample.  there is no way the Bulls will do that.  he hasn't played long enough and it seems thibs is going to go with who he trusts...
ScalabrineSwag::Teague is the bulls backup guard of the future. He needs as many developmental minutes as possible. Hinrich and Robinson are old.
The_JTrain::ur putting a ton of faith in teague.
ScalabrineSwag::he is good.
The_JTrain::u also have to keep in mind that if Rose does come back by the deadline playing him extended minutes would be a death sentence
ScalabrineSwag::Split minutes between him and teague...or him teague and robinson.
The_JTrain::lol nate robinson.  the bane of every knicks fan's existence for years
The_JTrain::u can't play games with just teague.  Rose won't be back for awhile.
ScalabrineSwag::that is why is said at the trade deadline. Rose will be back by then. And we get rid of hinrich and still have rose teague and robinson
Flying Through Madison Street::Woah I think we should keep robinson but lets trade Carlos boozer and 1st round pick for Eric Gordon
Porkchop8920::okay, give up your PF and a pick for someone who hasn't played in 2 years
ScalabrineSwag::Fine, keep robinson...but get rid of hinrich.
The_JTrain::u need a pack up pg...
ScalabrineSwag::well when rose comes back we have rose and teague. Now we have teague and robinson.
TheFeedMachine::The Bulls got a steal with Marco Belinelli in free agency. He is a decent rotation player that should have had more suitors than he did. I still think OKC should have pursued him.
Flying Through Madison Street::Should have signed him to a longer deal
ScalabrineSwag::Since hamiltons injury and his insertion into the starting line-up he has been money
Flying Through Madison Street::Woah I just looked at the 2010 guard free agents it was pretty bad overall haha maybe keith bogans was not that bad  Our best options would have been Ray allen(dont think we could have signed him) Joe Johnson(Could not sign) and Allen Iverson(Thibs are you talking about practice,Thibs Why are you talking about Defense I am the offense,Rose stand back Im a win Mvp maybe in a few years if you work hard you can win it)
FoxKat93::Ugly or not, I'll take the win. I just wish that the Bulls could score consistently throughout the game rather than going on droughts. I think that has been our true kryptonite.
Kat Nation::kind of weird that we both spelled cat with a k.
Flying Through Madison Street::Knot weird at all
