Nicolas Garnett::I love it that even when pacers can't score for the first 5 min in the game that we still are in the game cause our d is just that nasty
Igor Yank::another triple double for stephenson!
James Eun::what a quiet triple double for lance
Rodger Strait::GO PACERS   BOOM BABY
Andrew John Feeback::So when will the whiny Bulls fans come in here and tell us these games don't matter?
Adam Williams::The same day Derek Rose stops claiming he still hasn't completely overcame his injury and readjusted to playing.
Alan Ogg::its funny how people say 'omg! the pacers are 11-1 they will win the NBA finals"  yet if the heat were 50-1 all the pacers 'fans' would say 'OHHHH its not regular season"
James Eun::k
Julian Andrew Kline::if the heat went 50-1 i would be thoroughly impressed, and i hate the heat
Josh Neal::Stop being such a hater
Daymeon Craig::Lets go 11-1 where you haters at we need you to hate tonight Chicago and heat fans !!!
Chelo Mejias::Looks like it's going to be 10-2 if this keeps up, Pahtna!
Daymeon Craig::Chelo go to sleep  11-1!!!!!!!
Zack Schooler::I really hope Lance plays better tonight. He has had two bad games since his triple double.
Corey Pyle::Well let's hope he doesn't have another two bad games after THIS triple-double lol. Crazy that he has more than anyone else in the NBA thus far too
Rashaun Harris::pacers is going to win paul george is going to have a 20-30 point game
Lindsay Crampton::Pacers/Thunder finals
Yazan Kader::Loool No.  Heat vs. Spurs... again
Yazan Kader::Dustin David Genius, the NBA would MUCH rather have heat vs. spurs.  than indy vs. okc.  Indy and OKC are small markets.  Small towns, less fans.  When Heat are in finals all the lebron haters love to watch it and lebron fans love to watch it and Heat is a big market (Miami).    Also, you said "how unlikely it is to see the same team in the championship game 2 years in a row".... actually, heat went to the finals 2 years in a row already, so it is actually likely.  Also, lets face it.  Paul George and Pacers cannot stop LeBron, Wade, Bosh, Allen, Beasley (Beasley is playing great lately).  The Heat are just too much talent.  Stars all over the lineup
Dustin David::Yazan Kader I meant teams my bad. And you are correct about the markets of each city. But I am referring to the entire world. You must realize that every person in the world is going to want to watch lebron lose or win regardless. City or state population has little impact on total views when it comes to the finals. And I know the NBA wants lebron in it regardless. But why would the NBA want a team such as the spurs in it? They would much rather have a team with a superstar in it to add even more anticipation too it. The nba would gain a MUCH bigger audience and attention if the finals had a different team then the spurs. Such as the rockets or thunder. It's boring watching the same teams play 2 years in a row. And how about you go look at the statistics and tell me JUST how long it has been since the same 2 teams played each other 2 years in a row. That's the point I was trying to make in the first place. But go ahead don't believe me, we'll see whose wrong in the long run "Genius"
Leon N Sara Gibs::lets go indy
Sportsbettingstar.com::There's a new MVP candidate in the NBA, and his case gets stronger with each passing game. Indiana small forward Paul George looks to pad his already impressive resume Friday night as the league-best Pacers visit the woeful Boston Celtics. George was sensational two nights earlier, scoring nine of his season-best 35 points in overtime as the Pacers roared back to stun the New York Knicks 103-96, improving their record to 10-1. Containing George will be a challenging task for the Celtics, who come in on a five-game losing skid following a 104-93 defeat Wednesday at the hands of the San Antonio Spurs. What may be of greater concern, however, is how Boston's rag-tag offense will fare against a suffocating Indiana defense. Boston averages just over 93 points per night - the fewest in the Atlantic Division - and the well may get even drier against a Pacers unit surrendering a league-low 87.2 points per game. This is probably my favorite pick on the NBA board today. Take the Pacers to roll this weak Celtics team easily by double digits.
Corey Pyle::I was waiting and waiting for..."I just made $10,000 last month betting on Sportsbettingstar.com and you can too!"...but it never came.  Good post. Why can't you guys do this more often? Is is that hard?
James Michael Mulrey::All the celtics are doing each night is trying to showcase a different player with talents.  Has anyone noticed each night a different player is dropping 20+.  All they wanna do is unload younger players for picks or their expiring contracts.  Their management is smarter than they seem.
Trevor Sutherland::Does Paul George even sweat?? I never even see him breathing hard and then I look and he has 25 pts, 7 rebs, 5 assists, 2 blocks, 3 steals. He is making excellence look easy. MJ, Kobe, Bron, and.....The Man with Two First Names???
Corey Pyle::This!
Dante PrettyBoy Allen::i wanna see Hibbert and david west step up tonight, because right now paul george is playin like mvp and now everybody is gonna be after him
Shanny Salcedo::As a Celts fan I think the C's should strike a deal to get Asik....maybe trade Lee & Bass/Humphries for him.......I also think the Pacers shouldn't trade Granger and relegate him to a 6th man of the bench role who can put up 15 ppg
Zack Schooler::Everything I have read is that the Rockets value Asik very highly. Don't think Lee and Bass/Humphries would be good enough to get Asik. Even more so given that Bass/Humphries probably wouldn't start for the Rockets.
Andrew Wills::The problem with trading for Asik is his contract is truely a terrible cap killer... it isnt so bad this year or next year, but year three it swells WAAAAY up... no rebuilding team should aquire this guy, regardless of what he can bring, because in about a year his contract will be untradable dead weight... give Brad Stevens a chance... the coach is a genious.  Only way to even consider a trade like this woul require geting rid of that awful wallace contract and 2-3 other bad contracts  As for Granger... with the way Lance is playing, we cant afford to trade Granger for anything that isnt expiring at the end of the year and or draft picks, and well, thats probably not happening.  Better to sit on his $15 million coming off the books, after all we have to pay PG24 and Lance next year
Chelo Mejias::Zack Schooler   Bass is averaging almost 12 points a game, of course he could start for houston at PF
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::On the bright side for the C's, the Nets aren't doing any better with the former Celtic castoffs...
John Martin::Casiano III. A former castoff is someone you casted off but is now back on your team.
Shek Leone::indy needs to go work on their offense they wont beat any elite teams with that bummy offense
Rick Samorano::Vegas
Daymeon Craig::11-1 go work on that !!
Shek Leone::why do pacers struggle to score makes no sense pick up the tempo
Daymeon Craig::It don't matter they win!!
Shek Leone::Daymeon Craig it matters in the playoffs,thats why they couldnt beat mia they go on these cold streaks when they cant hit open layups
Vladimir Tsalyuk::yea theyre pretty much the worst offensive team in the league. all theirt players are extremely slow and mostly just stand around eat up the clock
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Paul George excelling as a second half player
Andy P Kordyban::How about my Raptors? Best team in the NBA.
Chelo Mejias::You're a dick, i remember you from the red sox boards
Andy P Kordyban::if by dick you mean super awesome, I agree.
Chelo Mejias::Andy P Kordyban   No, a dick is just a dick
Greg Maxwell::The Cs came out in the 3rd quarter and stood around and watched Crawford(6 TOs!) pound the ball into the floor.  Wallace had 5 TOs in 22 minutes.  You have to really concentrate to throw the ball away that much in that little time.  Stevens should break the season up into 10 game segments.  Keep the same starting 5 and 3 man  bench for the 10 games.  Using all these different lineups and varying the playing time gets no one into any sort of rythym.  But maybe that's the plan. Tanking with finesse.
Corey Pyle::Good points, good analysis. It also looks that much worse when you're playing the Pacers. They make you pay
Don Bigda::This is NBA basketball....why does anyone care? Regular season means nothing.....will have to wait to see which players get thrown in jail before you can assess anyone's playoff chances.....and Stern will figure out who he wants to win when he gets a chance...and if you fans don't think this is the case, you are delusional.
Mike Riddell::No Don,   Best record in the league & home court throughout means nothing. Time for some more chowda ay' Donnie...
Corey Pyle::Mike Riddell LOL
Martin William Levine::Really want to see the Pacers get on track offensively tonight. Far to many missed shots from West, Lance, and Roy over the last two games. Like where Boston is going but defensively we are probably too much for them tonight, Pacers by 8
Greg Maxwell::The Cs must lead the league in turnovers.  Most of them are of the dumb, careless variety.  The Cs  don't have to tank.  With their lousy defense and the turnovers, they are naturally  lottery bound.
