paulyseed::C'mon Jersey...boy New Jersey is really turrible. No wonder why Deron Williams wants to opt out of this deal.
sarakobama::FIRE DC, FIRE DC, FIRE DC So tired of his lies- Turner is in my starting line up for the rest of the season! Jodie Meeks is an inconsistent undersized SG that has no real future in this league, yet with his inability to have two good shooting games in a row or play defense is starting in front of ET. DC needs to go ASAP! I feel bad for ET, just imagine graduating from Harvard as a Business major,  getting hired because of your outstanding resume, then being shown to your office. You are being led to the lower level of the building where your office will be located. Getting closer you notice the door you've been led to says maintenance!
glenbenstein::Best fantasy site I've ever used, give it a look http://www.fanduel.com/?invitedby=juice03585858&amp;cnl=da
CandySparker::Hawes Lotta Love!
yorklinks::bynum shoots 80% in crunch time, is the 3rd most clutch nba player... after irving and melo.... NO KOBE OR LEBRON HAHA FULL CLUTCH RANKINGS http://bustasports.com/?p=784
Blazelover13::FINALLY! Geez, what the HELL has happened to this team? This makes no sense whatsoever why they've been struggling. If they play the Bulls in the first round, I can see them upsetting them. But, still, I would rather them win their division. This helps, but...it's the Nets. Thankfully, most of the Sixers' final 9 or so opponents are under .500, so Philly should be fine. Still...really disappointing. No 40 wins for them this year. Sucks.
AtlanticD::Saw it earlier that out of the next 10 teams they play, only 3 have .500 or better records..  Time to get hot....
3_ai_76::jrue holiday is not good, he gets the most minutes on the team and is a ballhog, how can he be the point guard?? doug collins is in love with him and lets him do whatever the h.ll he wants. why does everyone think hes so good? its been 3 years, i think we can see what kinda potential he has
lamriverside13::WHAT IN THE WORLD IS HE THINKING??? you tell me  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vO92Q-ZCjm4
VinniePSU::right when I wanted the sixers to continue to lose and get in the lottery they go and win....now they can go and lose to Miami in the first rd
bagofmoney_30::HAPPY U BEAT THE NETS?
AtlanticD::Happy to get a W...
FlyGuys623::knicks being shutout hahahahaha
greenbean47::and now they are winning.  fail
FlyGuys623::.
FlyGuys623::nope
Michael Bibby XIV::It's 8 to nothing...
FlyGuys623::it took the knicks more than four minutes to score a point and bulls dont even have rose
Michael Bibby XIV::The Sixers are a better team when Meeks starts ahead of Turner.
tank_dogg06::BS...Meeks is garb.   Collins just doesn't know how to use Turner. He's not an off-ball player. He needs the rock.
adotbdot8725::onle because evan and jrue cant play well together....evan can be a great scorer though
irishchief33::D Will a quiter?
flance83::did wallace get in the game today?? it says he has 1 rebound but i thought he was hurt.....??
andreenc::Yea, I noticed this too. On Fantasy, he is still down for 1 rebound (and a wasted game played). But on the box score, it now says he did not enter the game due to injury.
mikenc2211::I'd like to know this as well
jjc11293::Dafuq, Nets... dafuq.
jjc11293::Considering how much better we've been lately and how badly the Sixers have been playing, a semi-competitive game. At least.
FlyGuys623::good enough answer
FlyGuys623::what were you exactly expecting
RockyMountainWay1::This is like what the Nuggets did to the Warriors...76ers are a lot like the Nuggets but they are in opposite directions with Defense
Benzino999::Yeah the Sixers play some sick D. Imagine if they had a couple of big time scorers?
FlyGuys623::hopefully this win will bring them some confidence and relief even if it is against the nets
roberts2144::Wow, its been that bad for the Sixers.
FlyGuys623::every team has their struggles
Benzino999::Ya know what's funny? I am listenin to the NJ annoucers earlier and they were trashing the 76ers saying that they are not a very good team. Meanwhile they are getting thier doors blown off. Um dying LOL. What's that say about the Nets? They must be the very bottom of the proverbial barrell.
roberts2144::Say that when you go up against the Heat in the playoffs and we'll see how well you still think the Sixers are as a team.  Keep dreaming dude.  When the playoffs begin, the regular season is a pipedream  from the past.
keuntae22::the 76ers just need consistent offense
Benzino999::Yeeah but considering we have no real mega star players, I actually think they are playing way above thier talent level. Goes to show Doug Collins is da bomb.
76ers Fan9027::a team is not characterized by half a season but a full season and last time I checked they still have the #1 defense in the league
roberts2144::Yes, the Nets are way down there and believe me the 76ers are just about with them.  This is not a good example of the Nets but both teams are much like garbage and don't tell me you don't know how the sixers have been playing the last 25 games.
FlyGuys623::cant wait for nhl playoffs. lets go flyersssssss
Benzino999::okay okay 4-1. no sweep.
roberts2144:::),  a sweep, now I know that won't happen.
Benzino999::Flyers in a sweep !! We rarely lose in Pitt. Like our home away from home. GO FLYERS !!!
roberts2144::Actually it isn't too hard to figure out , NO Pronger in the playoffs, means no way no how for the FlyGuys.  This isn't too hard to see coming.
FlyGuys623::whatever man. your opinion is your opinion
roberts2144::If you were playing the Panthers I would give you the series but I just think the Pens have just a little edge and you can harp all you want about playing well all year but having 20 rookies on your team and no Pronger in the playoffs is a recipe for disaster - this is the playoffs dude, it is going to go up a complete 'nother notch.  It is going to be war and the rookies will have never seen anything like it.
FlyGuys623::flyers have played well all season without pronger and have a great defense anyways. watch the team before you make stupid predictions
roberts2144::Pens in 5 for sure.
FlyGuys623::ok nostradamus
roberts2144::This is just a horrible horrible defensive effort from a Nets team against one of the worst offensive teams in the NBA - Deron has been afraid to shoot all nite.  I'm not sure what his problem is but he is not his usual aggresive self.  He seems to be giving up when Holliday gets in his face, surely not the DWill I have seen this year.
littaballa14::Just more assists D Will.. can't be too hard..
littaballa14::5 more*
picaac15::RELEASE THE BRACKINS
Milwaukee Bucks.::Believe it or not Nets are a crucial team for the playoff race in the Eastern conference, I just hope they bring it together and use that as motivation for other teams like the Bucks to have a chance. #WeNeedYouNets
FlyGuys623::this isnt twitter :) #nohashtags
littaballa14::Starters coming out for the game now?
Bryce_Reeve938601::if your season long fantasy team is finished you should try out daily fantasy   Great NBA tournaments every day: http://bit.ly/HAjzVt
Gambling and Rambling::Deron Williams only 9 shot attempts NICE!! Obviously he gave up
jezalewski::So sick over the Nets inability to compete
jezalewski::45-24 on the boards
NySports7778::www.TheSportDr. c.om ...The Sport Dr Handicapping Service…I Own This Service… My Record is 314-140-8 In The Past 180 Days…I Have Over 250 Members And Over 10 Access Plans To Choose From…All Seasonal, Monthly, Daily And Weekly Plans Available…Registration Is Free…Just Pick A Plan That Best Suits Your Needs…All Of The Plans Are Discounted 10% For The Month Of April…<b><i>Weekly Special: Purchase 1st Month And Get The 2nd Month Free!!~~Offer Ends April 15th    <b>Seasonal, Monthly, Weekly and Daily Plans Available!!</b></i></b>
potato623::Way off topic, but did anybody catch the last Kenny Powers episode?
ClubAlpha181::they set will ferrell on fire, that was some funny ish
potato623::Dude, that episode last night was the funniest thing i have seen in a long time haha
ClubAlpha181::stevie got maria back
eaglesfan1723::A blowout win would be nice Even though it's the nets
yodaspeaks::Mickey Fickey Rajon Rondo.  Now THAT is a point guard for your $@%
Llamaboy1375::The Celts finished with 23 assists. The Sixers are sitting at 21 with 6 minutes left. Which team is getting more people involved?
yodaspeaks::Uhm, 23 assists against the heat equals 50 against the lowly Nets.
yodaspeaks::Rondo has created 15 baskets for his team.  Imagine what that does for guys?  And this exactly the reason why you will see the Knicks level of play drop off.   Nobody's job can only be to play defense and rebound.  everyone deserves to be part of the offense.
ClubAlpha181::i'd trade holiday and iggy for rondo and wouldn't think twice about it
littaballa14::Him and Chris Paul are the two best pure point point guards
ClubAlpha181::if the sixers blow this, actually i wouldn't be that surprised
YankeesSteelersRedWingsLakersKentuckyFan_1::they are up by so much tho!
ClubAlpha181::they just scored 7 points in a quarter the other day. i think they barely hold off the bucks and get in but i could be wrong
FlyGuys623::nothing is too much for the this kind of sixers team
jezalewski::Can the Nets win a quarter?
YankeesSteelersRedWingsLakersKentuckyFan_1::how are the nets playing? i have missed most the game
FlyGuys623::i think the scoreboard tells the story of this game
carson2164::turrible
FlyGuys623::nationals beating the mets. Whaaaaaaa???? i thought the mets were going to go undefeated
mdtuzo::i believed in the mets when their fans didnt before the season started
FlyGuys623::a lot of things. its wrong when niese is your "ace", their team is a mess with the whole madolf thing, history, offense isnt outstanding, etc
mdtuzo::and what makes you say that?
FlyGuys623::yes they are
mdtuzo::i believed and i still believe... theyre not bad at all
potato623::Miami sucks man...how the hell can't they beat the C's???
yodaspeaks::You underestimate the Celtics.
potato623::We smashed the C's twice this year though...
FlyGuys623::only day i will ever be rooting for them and they arent winning. the f.uck
jezalewski::Why has Humphries barely played half of the game?
mdtuzo::we need our protected pick back from portland, but we need to be discreet
Milwaukee Bucks.::Avery Johnson is a bad coach thats why
FlyGuys623::a knicks fan compared the knicks to the giants lol
NySports7778::www.TheSportDr. c.om ...The Sport Dr Handicapping Service…I Own This Service… My Record is 314-140-8 In The Past 180 Days…I Have Over 250 Members And Over 10 Access Plans To Choose From…All Seasonal, Monthly, Daily And Weekly Plans Available…Registration Is Free…Just Pick A Plan That Best Suits Your Needs…All Of The Plans Are Discounted 10% For The Month Of April…<b><i>Weekly Special: Purchase 1st Month And Get The 2nd Month Free!!~~Offer Ends April 15th    <b>Seasonal, Monthly, Weekly and Daily Plans Available!!</b></i></b>
jezalewski::Morrow is so bad (1-8)
Milwaukee Bucks.::Thanks for the help New Jersey
mdtuzo::you guys arent that great anyway
mdtuzo::that dwight opt in really killed me though, the possibility of acquiring dwight was one of the few things sustaining me
carson2164::WE WOULD BE GOOD! but no:(
23germany::to bad njetzs don't have one....deron is not a star, just a 20-8-4to okay but not great pg
mdtuzo::cmon son...
yodaspeaks::Dwight playing with a real pg is a scary proposition.  He only played with one when he had Skip.
FlyGuys623::he would be detrimental to any team
jezalewski::Time for some point shaving
jezalewski::37% from the floor is TURRIBLE
FlyGuys623::jesus christ miami
FlyGuys623::washington can beat orlando, but not the sixers *facepalm*
yodaspeaks::Kind of sad that a game like this actually has playoff implications.
mdtuzo::sixers fighting for their playoff lives (kind of) against a depleted and injured nets squad hoping to secure a top 3 pick hahaha
AIadvocate::rofl I know
AIadvocate::I told you Nets' fans, Billy King will run your organization into the ground.  Samuel Dalembert 11 per, Kenny Thomas $50 guaranteed.
AIadvocate::It used to be a local joke in Philly, just give Billy King 5 good minutes on the court and you can wrap up a long-term deal...
AIadvocate::yeah he panics...the Sixers were going nowhere and to make up for the Kenny Thomas deal, he traded for a one-legged Webber...
mdtuzo::i had a lot of faith in him, but after that panic trade for GERALD WALLACE, i knew he didnt know what he was doing
mdtuzo::idk why avery insists on keeping stevenson in the starting lineup. hes really not that good defensively and we need the offense from our better wing players
jezalewski::Why do they have to get embarrassed like this
jezalewski::Only 22 min for Humphries?
