Felixd1st::it dwights headband thats why their losing
dharma beach bum::Kobe "Dinner Bell" Bryant. So many of his shots clang off the rim, people keep thinking someone is ringing the dinner bell. The guy has the worst shot selection since Allen Iverson, period.
Mambaholic 33::4pts, on 1-8 and 8 turnovers...The Legacy continues   -- LMMFAO
VB 2 Raw::plz get rid of artest..
HOCKEYTEAM1954::Pretty obvious, even to a hockey guy.....the more Kobe shoots, the more they lose. The more he involves his teammates, the more they win. What's more important Kobe, a scoring title or an NBA title?
All around rondo::Ok, first everybody says "Kobe is the worst, he scores instead assists way too much!" then he has ONE bad scoring game with 9 assists and everybody says "Kobe sucks and doesn't score!" WTF?
dharma beach bum::Yeah, it is easy to be critical of a guy that is always yelling at his teammates or undermining them in the press when he's shooting at a .463 clip, including last night's 1-8 shooting performance. Are you aware that guys like Larry Bird and Walt Frazier, both hall-of-famers shot .49 percent from the field. Bird averaged way more boards than Kobe and Walt had way more assists.  For the record: "It doesn't matter what Kobe Bryant does," is proper grammar. One wouldn't say, "It do not matter what Kobe Bryant does," unless one is hooked on eubonics.
HORNS-1-987::It don't matter what Kobe Bryant does.       ~ It's easy to be a critical ~
HORNS-1-987::It don't matter what Kobe Bryant does.       ~ It's easy to be a critical ~
Get your foot off the boat::I think most people are questioning WTF he was doing...He passes up 8 footers in the paint to dish off to MWP for a 15 foot fall away jumper???    Why does it always have to be so extreme with him?   Don't know what he was trying to prove last night - but even you have to admit it was a little strange.
VB 2 Raw::because kobe is not a real b ball player..he doesn't think on thefly..it is xcore only or pass for the assist only..he doesn't pass do get out of trouble,he only passes for an assist..so he still has too many turnovers waitin to get an assist..when he shoots, it is off the dribble while gettin' double teamed..why not let nash spoonfeed you?
Lakers 2013 Champs::Nash and Howard are taking shots away from Kobe.
dharma beach bum::Somebody's got to take shots away from Kobe. His right elbow will soon be wearing out. What a gunner. His career shooting percentage is an awful .453 percent. In short, he tries to create too many shots for himself. Kobe is a great scorer, but he's also a selfish gunner. Now he's trying to make a point of getting more assists because so many people have rightfully criticized him. By the way, when you miss seven of eight shots, you really don't need to be taking too many more.
Get your foot off the boat::Kobe's turnovers are taking shots away from Kobe.
29nreddy::Ive never seen Dwight so happy since his good  days in Orlando when he was number 1 target.
AntlerSeller::This is the first time in D'Antoni coaching career that he has a starting shooting guard going 1-8 with 4 points or fewer in a game.
-whoa-::lol this is dumbest stat ever
29nreddy::well thats not that surprising.What's the chance of someone going EXACTLY 1-8 for 4 points.not much
numb1lakefanespn::kobe is playing exellent basketball doing everything his coach tells him to do,playing every role that lakers are short in this guy is the greatest player in sports today
flexylexy7::Watch, next game he will score 60 and they lose.
justin281429::Its funny how Kobe is trying to play like Lebron now. I will admit its obvious his assists and rebounds are up, but notice that his scoring is dropping alot. I would say thats probably because he is not as efficient a scorer as Lebron. Even before Lebron started this epic run.
29nreddy::maybe its because lebron is, i dont know, 6 years younger than kobe and in his prime not to mention hes more athletic and shoots more shots near the rim, in his prime he was as efficient a scorer as lebron is right now if you take into consideration the difficulty of his shots.
Asonte22::Kobe has no clue on how to WIN games and read situations.  He should've looked to pass in the 4th quarter against Miami instead of turning the ball over in crucial moments leading to Miami fastbreaks.  He should've looked to score more last night instead of turning the ball over 8 times trying to be John Stockton.  Kobe almost lost the game for them last night.  Meanwhile...  LeBron's 30+ point games are translating into convincing wins, NOT losses.  LeBron has been the best player in the league for loooong time... this streak is just an exclamation point. #!!!!!
29nreddy::in Miami, kobe was trying to pass, thats why he was turning it over. you said he should've looked to pass, just pointing it out there. good points tho
CHEIII::Yeah - not Kobe's fault! He was throwing good passes - only the other team kept getting in the way!
XmanY::why is the headline about Kobe and not -injured Dwights Carries Lakers to victory-  reporting and perception can be so one sided.
The Autograph Center::CLASSIC GAME BY KOBE WHO IS HE GOING TO BLAME FOR THAT PERFORMANCE
gmskking::Kobe done after next year.
Bill GOAT potus::Is this Kobe not wanting to become the brick king? 399 to go.
barney- legendary -stinson::Kobe for a 8th round pick
Deejeezy::Kobe haters: He only scored 4 points? There's no way he's one of the greatest scorers of all-time.
thebullforever::Did Jordan ever have a game where he scored 4 points during his championship runs?  I remember all the Kobe fans making fun of Jordan when he scored like 2 points vs LA when he was like 41 years old...
29nreddy::see, he had tht one game too.
thebullforever::Jordan scored in double digits in 1,108 out of the 1,109 games he played for the Chicago Bulls.
TSlakersmvp::MWP E BANKS FOR BARNES HARRISON
WonderlicQBR::yep
numb1lakefanespn::d'antoni has changed this laker team for the best
numb1lakefanespn::howard would do good in the triangle but not d'antoni's offense
kapernick is squidward::Lakers the most dangerous 10th seed in history
WonderlicQBR::not that dangerous,,,they lack chemistry sometimes
WonderlicQBR::HMMMM
numb1lakefanespn::you cant run and gun with big men.howard does not fit d'antoni's offense
WonderlicQBR::The Miami Heat are very good..I watch them last night..The score was tied 97-97 all of a sudden .BOOM....A BLOW OUT...!
TSlakersmvp::Trade D12 for Bynum and few picks after he comes nack frm injury
Bill GOAT potus::Did you have a stroke? nack frm?
WonderlicQBR::Lakers will win the NBA Championship this year..If???????????????? Kobe shoots less &amp; Howard grow up &amp; Earl is reliable &amp; Metta is reliable..&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;
kapernick is squidward::if you set 2k13 on rookie mode on ps3
WonderlicQBR::and Gasol comes back..and &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;
L_hop::It's going to be funny when all these Kobe stans jump ship and start being moron fans of another top notch player once Kobe retires.
JDynastySplashinIt::<b> Kobe Bryant is GOAT</b>
Max 089::LOL
numb1lakefanespn::ye he is all he needs is some shooters to play with
numb1lakefanespn::trade howard and metta for joe johnson,gerald wallace
TSlakersmvp::yo Dwight you need to command double teams like my man bynum
numb1lakefanespn::if were going to beat the heat we must get another scorer who can match wade
TSlakersmvp::kobe put up better numbers
Max 089::wow moron.
TSlakersmvp::hes busy matching lechoke?
bluekaze21::yeah he was doing real well against him huh?   since lebron hardly missed and kobe chucked and turned the ball over.
bluekaze21::i guess Kobe cant match wade anymore ?
ElvinHayesRules::You won't even be in the playoffs, let alone the finals, so you can stop worrying about the Heat.
Edawg7115::HI my name is Kobe .............uhh Im gay .
rodneycash2008::do you have stats to back that up?
numb1lakefanespn::Fact kobe has never had a second scorer backing him up
Hector3937::Well Kobe was the second scorer to Shaq!
numb1lakefanespn::im talking about guards here and nash is back up pg at best
bluekaze21::of course, because for a long time kobe WAS the second scorer.   i think we all know who was the first on that team. lmao
ElvinHayesRules::He's got Howard, Gasol and Nash (who can score) right now. How many stars does this guy need around him to win?
rodneycash2008::well, lets see..... Nash missed the first 30, Gasol has missed at least 20, Dwight has been in and out of the lineup.  No continuity whatsoever.
numb1lakefanespn::lebron has wade to back him up.why cant kobe get a scorer to back him up
socialsatyr11::How woud you know, he doesn't pass the ball.
ElvinHayesRules::How could they when he takes all the shots?
numb1lakefanespn::kobe is putting this whole laker team on blast.why do they keep surrounding him with less talent thats so mean
bluekaze21::now i know why Kobe only has One MVP.  MVPs help their team get more wins.
ElvinHayesRules::Titles, but those are a group accomplishment. MVPs are a better gauge of an individual's skills.
rodneycash2008::exactly
rodneycash2008::Do you think players care more about winning the MVP or winning Championships?
ElvinHayesRules::"I don't always pass the ball, but when I do it's to the other team."  - Kobe
socialsatyr11::8 turnovers against the Suns. Kobrick is a bum.
ElvinHayesRules::Top 10 Lakers ever, in no real order: Shaq Wilt  Kareem West Worthy Magic Goodrich Nixon Scott Baylor
ElvinHayesRules::Kareem won a title without Magic, Magic never won one without Kareem.
rodneycash2008::wow, elvin finally has it right.  Kareem is the best Laker ever.
bluekaze21::debatable between the two, imho.
rodneycash2008::fail.  Byron Scott was a joke when it came to the playoffs.  He disappeared.  He was the most frustrating player of your 10.
ElvinHayesRules::rodneycash2008 - Maybe if you were to leave the lonely closet you live in, you would realise the LA Kings are the reigning SC champs.  Don't even try to pretend you didnt know that though.  I can assure you, like 90% of Americans, I didn't know that. And you're the expert I assume on coming out of the closet.
rodneycash2008::Maybe if you were to leave the lonely closet you live in, you would realise the LA Kings are the reigning SC champs.  Don't even try to pretend you didnt know that though.
ElvinHayesRules::rodneycash2008 - So, take a look at Scott's playoff numbers, genius.  I can remember getting pissed at his poor play when it mattered.  You can't be a hockey and basketball fan, hmmmm.  I must be the only one.  You might be the only hockey fan period.
rodneycash2008::So, take a look at Scott's playoff numbers, genius.  I can remember getting pissed at his poor play when it mattered.  You can't be a hockey and basketball fan, hmmmm.  I must be the only one.
ElvinHayesRules::Disappeared, as in a 6 for 24 kind of performance..?
ElvinHayesRules::Said the hockey fan, LOL...
bluekaze21::1. Magic 1.a Kareem
Antsea91::Best player of all timeis eazily lebron.... Coby brian is good but hes 4th
Max 089::Agreed.
ElvinHayesRules::Kobe isn't even 4th on the all-time Lakers list.
ElvinHayesRules::Kobe isn't even 4th on the all-time Lakers list.
desmond240::kobe is top ten and still playing great 17 years in
HandsDownManDown.::Kobe may be great but so was adrian Dantley. Yet he isn't in the top 20 all time.
ElvinHayesRules::desmond240 - kobe is great no matter where you idiots without a vote place him  That's your opinion, but what does Molly think?
desmond240::kobe is great no matter where you idiots without a vote place him
DeezBrown::Say it again!
HandsDownManDown.::You are wrong on both of those statements sir. I also see no way LeBron could EASILY be the best player ever.
_Pippen aint easy_::"I don't know how much longer I can carry this guy."  - Earl Clark
ElvinHayesRules::You can all ignore RodneyCash's comments moving forward.  Kid doesn't even get the plus/minus concept of point differential. Weak.
ElvinHayesRules::Ah Rodney, how I wish that were true. I've been watching hoops since '77, when Blazers took Sixers out in 6 games--after Philly had taken the first two. But that was before your time.
rodneycash2008::well, not really true.  I have been a Laker fan since 1970.  BFD....  I got to see Wilt and my favorite Laker of that time, Happy Hairston.  Thanks for playing though.
rodneycash2008::now you are stalking me.  Kinda creepy.  Give your dad's computer back.  You arent old enough to be on this board.  By the way, the NHL has been +/- centric for ever.  And its "+/-" not "plus/minus"
rodneycash2008::well, not true but as long as you believe it.  Kings are SC champs.  Have a nice day elvin's nut holder.
ElvinHayesRules::No one cares about hockey, fyi.
Chris31708::<b>jlee3891 - Wade carried Shaq to his fourth...that was undeniable.  Where as Kobe and Shaq were 1 and 1a.</b> ------------------------------------------------------------------ Shaq was older then and was starting to have injury problems, but the Heat wouldn't have made it that far without him.  And Mamba w/out Shaq and Phil Jackson would've been another Carmelo Anthony. A scorer that would've struggled to get out of the 1st round.
desmond240::shaq had penny and he won nothing until kobe, replace shaq with soft gasol if you like
CHEIII::Shaq was in the NBA finals in his 3rd season with Orlando. That's insane.
Antsea91::Prove it. Oh wait you cant
HandsDownManDown.::Actually Shaq was 1 and Kobe was 2. Kobe could have been replaced by a good SG. Who could have replaced Shaq? Nobody.
desmond240::shaq and kobe won three ring as 1a and 1b how are you going to undo that, and kobe has more rings than shaq
Chris31708::Prove what?  He has another current All-Star playing with him now but is struggling to get in the playoffs. But all the blame doesn't go on him, some of it is Dwightmare's fault too.
HandsDownManDown.::Those words come straight from a blind Kobe lover with no common sense. Kobe was obviously carried by shaq. and now we see how important phil was.
HandsDownManDown.::Actually When Shaq played all of the defense was focused on him giving Kobe way more room to work. Even though Shaq was given most of the defensive pressure he still out shined Kobe every Finals.
Chris31708::Exactly. When Shaq was with the Lakers the Mamba was usually played 1 on 1, which made it easier for him to hit his shots.
bluekaze21::Shaq was putting up 40s and 20s and anchoring the entire team on his back. opponents were literally jumping on his back just to try to stop him.   just to remind those who quickly forget what shaq did for the lakers.
rodneycash2008::blue, kind of an exaggeration.  Shaq never averaged over 30 and 13.  Nice try though.
ElvinHayesRules::bluekaze21 - didnt say he averaged 30 and 13. i said he was putting up 40s and 20s. and he was, in the playoffs too. look it up  He's a hockey fan, no wonder he's so confused about hoops...
bluekaze21::didnt say he averaged 30 and 13. i said he was putting up 40s and 20s. and he was, in the playoffs too. look it up
HandsDownManDown.::Lakers fans don't forget that but Kobe fans want it brainwashed out of their minds.
bluekaze21::yes and i remember Shaq being so dominant that missing free throws didnt matter. they were sweeping teams with shaq as the leader. cant change history
desmond240::we also remember him not making free throw and coming into training camp fat and over weight and we also see how important Kobe was and so did Jerry not jimmy
bluekaze21::lol my point exactly. anything to prop up their idol
ElvinHayesRules::He was good, but no Elvin Hayes...
ElvinHayesRules::rodneycash2008 - Do you still rest elvin's nuts on your chin?  whatever turns you on rookie.
rodneycash2008::Do you still rest elvin's nuts on your chin?
