Beanslams46::Timmy and company are giving up huge games in order to avoid the Lakers in the first round. -- Give em to the thunder, they'll take it.  --timmy d
DakWolves2::Watch out for the Nuggets, beat a Dubs team first round, then a ruined up Spurs team... I could see them pressuring  the Thunder in the WCF
DownloadFirefox::Gallinari's injury is going to hurt the Nuggets
kitastrophy34::umm no
Kevin Durclutch::Spurs fans before losing to Heat's bench: Hahaha, Heat have no shot, we're the best team in the NBA and Thunder are nothing without Harden. #firstseedswag  Spurs fans after losing 3 of their last 4: Regular season doesn't matter!!!
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::its sad none of them can take it like a man..
slam_dunk_on_u::I'm onto that game thread to pick on them sore losers.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::cool im right behind you
slam_dunk_on_u::They are probably talking smack to Hawks fans (their next opponent)....saying how much the spurts owned them blah blah blah....
slam_dunk_on_u::I feel sorry for the pathetic a$$ spurts....  Looks like they keep faking injuries with the purpouse of getting as much rest as possible but no amount of rest is going to save them from failure like every year....  Last stunt pulled by Pepe Lepew.  They are done Stick a fork in 'em!  First round fodders
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::wheres all the spurs trolls at i want to talk ish..
DownloadFirefox::This article is presenting the outcome of the game as something that gave OKC the #1 seed.  The reality is the Spurs are still a half game ahead, and I would bet on that becoming a full game tonight with the Thunder playing at Indiana on the second night of a back to back.
slam_dunk_on_u::The pathetic a$$ spurts still have some tough matchups coming up....The Denver and Laker games will be sure losses for the geriatric squad so they might as well kiss that #1 seed good-bye LOL  That and the fact that the crater man will rest Pepe for the remainder of the season most likely.
Kirby.Urbatsch::Basically, what the article means is that OKC now controls their own destiny because they've played 1 less game, the losses are equal, and they own the tie-breaker.
luvnbayes::The Spurs are now 11-6 without Manu, which is actually much better than in past years.  But that still is only a 64% winning average, as opposed to 45-14 with him for 76%.  Some Spur fans are saying we should let him go next season.  Well, we are now 1-3 since his latest injury.  It's a glimpse into the post-Manu Spur world.
DownloadFirefox::I would say with the emergence of Kawhi Leonard, the Spurs are better suited to play without Ginobili than they've been in the past
SpursManiac4Ever::Not really Luvn; I think you're being a bit pessimistic, and doubting the ability of management to find a suitable replacement. Something tells me Pop has not been siting on his laurels and has some players stashed away in some dark corner of the world waiting for the right time to showcase them. Have a little faith will ya?
luvnbayes::Spur management has been awesome, they have replaced the Jefferson's and Blair's with much better talent.  And I think Pop manages games and recognizes talent as well as anyone in the world.  But the Spur dynasty is tied to Duncan and Ginobili, and that's my humble opionion.  I don't think you will ever replace them.  But I hope time will prove me wrong.
tells...it...like...it...is::So is Brooks just afraid to tell Durant to quit being a turnover machine? (Probably no one out there, but it feels good to get it off my chest.)
Finkle my Einhorn::Just got done taking a huge Grape.. dont go in there for 35-45 minutes
SpursManiac4Ever::LOL
SpursManiac4Ever::You know what they do with Grapes at Pop's vineyards? They stomp on them !!  :o)
luvnbayes::SpurManiac-- was I right about Green or not?  And I DO NOT hate him, I hate that Pop keeps playing him.  There is a difference.    -25 +/- score last night, Danny was a beaut.
SpursManiac4Ever::Me thinks you hate Green; but that's my opinion.
Davethegeek::Seems he got stomped.....I issue a challenge and he ran off, or so it seems.
SpursManiac4Ever::Nah, he's like a cockroach, he keeps coming back...
JCDish::I'm a SPurs fan, and I want to give props to OKC cause they're a great team. But come playoff time, things will be different, GO SPURS!!
SpursManiac4Ever::Great? No. Good? Yes. You have to earn "great".
Davethegeek::Wow.....the anti-Grape! I love it!
TRUUUU_SPURZ::We're still on top baby,still the best in the west.
SpursManiac4Ever::Grape loves counting his chickens before they're hatched
TRUUUU_SPURZ::Not a theory it's fact check the standings.
GrapeOKAllDay35::not for long :)
GrapeOKAllDay35::lmao!! Interesting theory....
GrapeOKAllDay35::only cuz you've played more games  but hold on to that :)
Davethegeek::It's not a theory, Spurs are still up by 1/2 game.
Davethegeek::I'll make a promise. Once Grape goes three consecutive posts where he praises his team using meaningful stats and DOES NOT slam another team or its fanbase, I'll get off the board altogether.
GrapeOKAllDay35::OKC is the best team in the West :) :)  ......Now scram!!
SpursManiac4Ever::GrapeOKAllDay35 - Not after tonight :) We are going to beat indy  You hope anyway, The Spurs took quite a bit out of your team last night, and Indy ain't no slouch.
Davethegeek::I'll even give you that as a freebie due to your enthusiasm.   You need two more, consecutively.
GrapeOKAllDay35::Not after tonight :)  We are going to beat indy
Davethegeek::And a false one....we're still up 1/2 game.
Davethegeek::That's one....
Davethegeek::I won't hold my breath, however. ;)
SpursManiac4Ever::"I would prefer Scott Brooks over Greg Popovich"  ~~~ Said Nobody EVER  !!!!
ImFaMouS_SooooneR::Hard to see on that 1974 magnavox you're watching! You should get the tube replaced on that thing. Maybe try getting a better pirated Direct TV box. Maybe even try cutting down some of brush you have surrounding your lean to and maybe you will get a better signal. RedNeck texans! Bahhahahaaa
ImFaMouS_SooooneR::Weak stick! Point is... you have no point! Closed case! Idiot!
SpursManiac4Ever::ImFaMouS_SooooneR - Is that all you got SM4E? Are you a little kid? We know how the Texans live! Are you on a pole like green acres getting your dial up to send messages? hahaha I bet you had to walk through 4 miles of wet cow pasture to get to it. baahahaha stupid texans!  Keep em coming fool,,, with every post you make my point.
ImFaMouS_SooooneR::Is that all you got SM4E? Are you a little kid? We know how the Texans live! Are you on a pole like green acres getting your dial up to send messages? hahaha I bet you had to walk through 4 miles of wet cow pasture to get to it. baahahaha stupid texans!
SpursManiac4Ever::Thanks for describing your residence there Sooner.  $@%!$@% Okies !!!  Buahahahahahaha
ImFaMouS_SooooneR::^^^^^^^^ That is BS! They are always looking Brooks in the eye when he speaks. You can see how often Russ and KD come to the sidelines and talks with Brooks. Even then they are looking at him in the eye. SMH
ImFaMouS_SooooneR::Evidently you don't know the definition SM4E... Let me help a stupid guy out... :)  http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=troll If you need help getting to this link just let me know and I will help you out. :)
SpursManiac4Ever::GAMBINO80 - no real fans here, just mostly SA trolls...  Do you understand the meaning of the word troll? I don't think so.
SpursManiac4Ever::You have to excuse Sooner brain; he doesn't understand tongue-in-cheek humor.  LOL
GAMBINO80::no real fans here, just mostly SA trolls...
Davethegeek::I didn't see that during the timeout last night.
joemcleod83::I've noticed during most huddles when Scott Brooks is talking to the team they are all looking in the other direction not paying attention.
joemcleod83::I've seen KD looking the other way on multiple occasions during a timeout huddle
ImFaMouS_SooooneR::Dreamer! hahaha
SpursManiac4Ever::Last night Durant was overheard saying: "Can't wait until free agency, when I can go play for a real coach", and he was looking towards Pop.
GrapeOKAllDay35::Derek Fisher just hit another 3
SpursManiac4Ever::LOL; thanks for making my point Grape...
ImFaMouS_SooooneR::Pop"off" vich = waaaaaaaaaaaaay Overrated! Period! He is an awesome coach in his own mind thinks Popovich every second of the day! You can see that by his interviews. JERKOVICH!
SpursManiac4Ever::Oh look; it's Grape's alter ego... another dummy !!
Davethegeek::Yeah, those 4 rings he has to go with his 904 wins really means very little compared to a TV interview.
GrapeOKAllDay35::Danny Green was HUGE.....for OKC
SpursManiac4Ever::Grape is a closet Spurs fan;   hee, hee, hee
Davethegeek::BWA HA HA HA!
Davethegeek::That makes a solid 24 hours where all you do is be bitter toward an opponent. Are you an OKC fan or not? I'm getting confused.
GAMBINO80::Actually went exactly to the point... You got problems Dave, mental ones...
Davethegeek::Way to avoid the point.
GAMBINO80::Same, who said that? I said it no worse, big difference...
Davethegeek::24 hours of not praising your team is the same as that one comment from a Spurs fan?   Interesting....
GAMBINO80::no worse than SA behavior ^ as an example...
SpursManiac4Ever::He can't help himself. He does live in ChOklahoma after all......  :o)
Davethegeek::Or is this typical OKC Thunder fan behavior?
Davethegeek::My point of view if I were like "Grape":   Enjoy your regular season win. You really crushed a beat-up Spurs team, at home, with no Manu, no Jackson, and a hobbling Parker. Here's the bottom line: At the end of the day, you're still in Oklahoma and we Texans are sorry for that.   My point of view:   Sure, OKC won by a dozen, but I'm not worried. In fact, I look forward to what should be a REALLY good series. This is assuming both sides are healthy of course. The road through the playoffs should be interesting regardless of seeding. Bring on the Playoffs and DOWN WITH THE LAKERS AND HEAT!
SpursManiac4Ever::I concur !!
GrapeOKAllDay35::OKC could go to the Finals AND have a top 10 pick in the draft the year  Pretty sweet :)
GAMBINO80::top 5
SpursManiac4Ever::Who would they draft? Brittney Griner ?  LOL
Davethegeek::Houston had 3 picks in the first round this year.....that worked out swell for them.   The NBA Draft is a joke.
GAMBINO80::how did that work out for them? Used some of them to get Harden and now HOU will go to the playoffs...
GrapeOKAllDay35::those draft picks became James harden
spursdcmdva::huh
SpursManiac4Ever::"Keeep fouling them until the refs call one, oh wait, that's not gonna happen, keep fouling them"  ~~ Scotty Brooks
spursdcmdva::Just foul Splitter whenever he touches the ball
KawhiLeonardMVP::Dude he was getting hammered before he even got the ball... no whistle!
GrapeOKAllDay35::OKC was called for more fouls than San Antonio
SpursManiac4Ever::You really are slow aren't you?  smh
GrapeOKAllDay35::I hate seeing players get injured :(  That being said.....I cant help but think that Gallos injury benefits OKC a great deal. Is that bad to say?
GrapeOKAllDay35::OKC needs to get Mitch McMgeary in the draft this year
SpursManiac4Ever::Or Brittney Griner
joemcleod83::"C'mon guys keep playing hard and shoot the ball in the basket"  -Scott Brooks during a timeout
SpursManiac4Ever::He's a great "leader"....LOL...NOT!
GrapeOKAllDay35::"Double Durant.....and give other players wide open 3 pointers"  ---Pop
Davethegeek::"Double Durant.....and give other players wide open 3 pointers"    ---Pop   Yeah.....not seeing the praise.
GrapeOKAllDay35::No im praising my team too :)
spursdcmdva::I don't know why Pop doesn't use the reg season games to see how we would fair without double teaming
Davethegeek::Oh okay, so you're just slamming the Spurs without praising your own team.   Gotcha.
GrapeOKAllDay35::Yup.....and Sefolosha did too :)
spursdcmdva::remember when Pop Doubled Durant last year and Ibaka smoked us lol
Davethegeek::Did he really say that?
Davethegeek::Truly, an innovative statement.
Yungdubz27::Spurs don't want the 1st seed...they don't want to face the Lakers in the 1st rounds....OKC don't care who they face.
ImFaMouS_SooooneR::I would think they don't want to see Houston. The Lakers are soft mental case! If they don't get their players healthy it won't matter.
GrapeOKAllDay35::Keep laughing  But you better hope MWP and Nash are healthy by then :)
GAMBINO80::dont give LA the time of day...
Yungdubz27::Lmao.
GrapeOKAllDay35::We want the Los Angeles Lakers.....make no mistake about it
SpursManiac4Ever::And you might get your wish....but its far from being a done deal.
spursdcmdva::Food for thought: The Thunder were better last year and what was the end result
ImFaMouS_SooooneR::Feeble? Compared to what? A texan? hahahaha Now that is funny! Since the Longhorns were so bad in every sport this year I think they are migrating over to a winning team. Atleast you have the spurs. hahaha Longhorns! SMH
SpursManiac4Ever::You might want to look at all the OK rosters and count the number of Texans.   Oooops !!! Open mouth, insert foot !!
reynolds1633::Furthermore I am not a Thunder fan, just a basketball fan
reynolds1633::How is that a nonsense statement we are talking about the Thunder vs Spurs and you brought up the other 14 teams not me.
SpursManiac4Ever::We get it; you're a troll!!  :o)
SpursManiac4Ever::Careful Davethegeek; you might overload their feeble brains...  LOL
Davethegeek::I forgot I was dealing with Oklahomans. :P
ImFaMouS_SooooneR::Food for thought... You should get your facts straight before posting uneducated statements. Look at all the stats compared to last year and you will see the Thunder is a better team this year.
ImFaMouS_SooooneR::SpursManiac4Ever - Anybody with "sooner" in their name has NO credibility !!  :o)  Oh that was creative... hang on let me write that one down. Someone with SpursManiac definitely has No Credibility! Maniac = Unstable and Irrational thinking! :)
SpursManiac4Ever::Anybody with "sooner" in their name has NO credibility !!  :o)
reynolds1633::We are talking about the Spurs vs Thunder, not the other 14 teams
Davethegeek::Okay. If you want to throw out nonsense statements, how about this?   Spurs have 4 rings in 4 tries, OKC is 0-1 in the Finals.   See? I can talk about stuff that has no bearing on anything too.
reynolds1633::Spurs lost period
Davethegeek::So did 14 other teams, so what?
reynolds1633::They made it to the NBA finals and the Spurs didn't
Davethegeek::Wow.....this is getting funny. Thanks man, I needed a good laugh this morning.
GAMBINO80::Looks like OKC doubled the win total of SA in one series...
GAMBINO80::yup on the way to the Finals OKC had to run through SA, thats how the route to the NBA Finals was made...
Davethegeek::Ran right through them? It was 4-2.
GAMBINO80::Spurs had home court but OKC ran right through them on their way to the NBA Finals..
Davethegeek::They were one of the two best teams in the playoffs?
GrapeOKAllDay35::Better last year????  Is that why we are on pace for a franchise record 60 wins??
GruDeN_GrinDeR::James Harden is licking his chops hoping for a 1st rnd matchup against his former team
GAMBINO80::and OKC is doing the same
GrapeOKAllDay35::We OWN James Harden
SpursManiac4Ever::GAMBINO80 - slang own, not literally own...  Thank you for the calrification grammar police !!   LOL
GAMBINO80::slang own, not literally own...
SpursManiac4Ever::No you don't; Houston does.
Brian00875::So the Thunder are now favored to lose to the Heat in the finals.
GrapeOKAllDay35::Pop will NEVER learn: Stop doubling Kevin Durant!   Its really hilarious that he keeps doing it. Last night it was DFish killing him. But I think in the playoffs its going to Kevin Martin
SpursManiac4Ever::No Grape; what is hilarious is you thinking you know more than a HOF coach.
spursdcmdva::I like this
kirt02::.
Davethegeek::That's probably true, depending on who the opponent is.
Davethegeek::Wow man.   You just have NOTHING positive to say about your own team, do you?
SpursManiac4Ever::GrapeOKAllDay35 - Im just being real Pop is WAYYYYYY overrated  STUPID ALERT: STUPID ALERT: grape has done gone off the deep end.. abort, abort !!
Davethegeek::Mr. Madison, what you've just said ... is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul...
GrapeOKAllDay35::Im just being real   Pop is WAYYYYYY overrated
ruedsone10::They won't have home court edge over the HEAT:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWDTQmKL1vI
GrapeOKAllDay35::Kawhi Leonard played out of his mind. Last year he was primarily a spot up shooter but now hes putting the ball on the floor and hes got a little mid range game. No matter...now we got tape and hes been appropriately scouted. We will deal with him next game
brandonlee561heat22::Brooks really isn't the best at changing game plans.
GAMBINO80::dont really matter, if Kawhi is SA's top performer, OKC wins 9 times out of 10...
SpursManiac4Ever::GAMBINO80 - funny you call it idiotic when Spur fans are even agreeing with me...  Name one REAL Spurs fan that agrees with your idiotic statement about the Thunder winning 9 out of 10 times. ONE
Davethegeek::I disagree with the premise. It's a mighty big IF you're throwing out there.
GAMBINO80::funny you call it idiotic when Spur fans are even agreeing with me...
SpursManiac4Ever::Yeah ok; see, this is why you OKC knuckleheads can't be taken seriously. Making idiotic statements like that.
kirt02::.
kirt02::.
Davethegeek::I can agree with that, but he won't be the top performer come playoff time if Parker can get healthy.
GrapeOKAllDay35::agree
kirt02::.
GrapeOKAllDay35::whats funny??
Davethegeek::"Now we got tape..."  This isn't college basketball. They've played the Spurs several times already, they should have PLENTY of footage.
Davethegeek::rofl
spursdcmdva::lol, Yall had tape on him after the last game
GrapeOKAllDay35::And I hate when people say that last night meant more to OKC than it did for the Spurs. That is complete and utter BS. Game meant alot to BOTH teams
kirt02::.
GAMBINO80::Considering OKC had homecourt last year and beat SA in the playoffs and SA is just another year older and past their primes. SA really really needed this win...
GAMBINO80::Never said OKC will have the series win guranteed but given the past between these 2 teams, its not logical to assume that SA would be the favorites and that is how most SA fans are acting here...
Davethegeek::It's just an opinion dude, calm down.   Having home court means you have an advantage, but not a guaranteed win. Ask the Mavericks about that one or the Spurs from 2 years ago.
GAMBINO80::its simple, SA had home court last year and lost. you think they can win without it... how cute...  Its not about the overall age of the team, its about the age of the core, Duncan, Manu, Parker... Cant stay healthy but you expect them to win for you, LOL...
MidnightMary0320::Wrong; and maybe you should join the rest of the fools who think the Spurs are "too old"; go check out their age compared to other teams.
Davethegeek::Yes I do.
GAMBINO80::ok a mistake on my part but then that just further proves my point... They had homecourt last year and could not win, you think they will this year when they dont have it???
Davethegeek::Spurs had homecourt last year.
MidnightMary0320::Truth hurts doesn't it?
spursdcmdva::Who said that?
GrapeOKAllDay35::some clown on SBNation
InFaMouS KP::So what was wrong with Parker? Did Pop call for that? Some more of his dumbazz setting players? Doesn't matter how good of a coach Pop thinks he is... the Thunder are going to own them in the Playoffs. Not even sure they will meet. I see them losing in the second round.
Davethegeek::Did you not read the recap? Pop saw Parker was limping and pulled him.
Davethegeek::More than likely Parker said he was good to go and Pop trotted him out to see what he had.
joemcleod83::Geez did he look awful or what. Not sure why Pop played him at all in the second half.
kirt02::.
kirt02::.
Theironrod2012::I really don't want to see OKC lose in the finals again  It's like a lose lose situation this year lol
SpursManiac4Ever::You're right; I prefer they lose in the first round.  :o)
InFaMouS KP::You can't win if you don't get there! Keep getting there and anything can happen.
InFaMouS KP::I will be happy to see them get there again and have a chance... whether they lose or not. You can't win it all unless you get there.
Theironrod2012::I hope clippers get there
GrapeOKAllDay35::We wont lose again
Theironrod2012::but they the same team as last year. They might be worst.
Frank1275::Now that i think about it, i understand being healthy and well-rested for the playoffs is important, but if it's us and the Thunder in the WCF, i don't want us to be the second seed because the thunder are already tough enough at our home court, and playing in OKC can be even tougher.
spursdcmdva::It wont matter what seed we are if all our players are injured
kirt02::.
kirt02::..
MidnightMary0320::Pssst; we haven't lost the #1 seed yet.
GrapeOKAllDay35::Spurs shot more FTs than OKC and still lost by 12
reynolds1633::Based on your comments on this board, you also fail too
MidnightMary0320::Uh; ok; if you say so...  LOL
GrapeOKAllDay35::Still more
Davethegeek::Okay, let's keep your logic going.   OKC out-rebounded the Spurs and only won by 12.
MidnightMary0320::You really fail at being objective, and honest..so give it up.
Davethegeek::It was a whopping 4 FTA more....
kirt02::.
spursdcmdva::Super Gman08 KD is the equivalent of Duncan, just with more speed, quickness, and range than Duncan EVER had. Russell is like no other player in this league and they have no answer for him. Spurs will put forth a valiant effort in the WCF again, but again will come up short. --------------- He just said Durant is better than Duncan in his prime and Westbrook is unmatched throughout the league and some how they still cant beat the Heat lol. They don't give out championship rings for second place.
KingJamesTheGOAT::please tell me you didn't just compare the great tim duncan, the big fundamental, with an young upstart like kevin durant.
brandonlee561heat22::Parker has a stress fracture?
vman606::'every team has injuries. that's no excuse. the lakers and their billion dollar payroll just suck. i love it!'  -laker haters then  'my team really needs to get healthy for the playoffs. then we will have our best chance to win.'  -laker haters now
GrapeOKAllDay35::OKC Lakers first round  Cant wait :)
GrapeOKAllDay35::The NBA will help you get in  But once you get there....you are on your own
vman606::lakers have to get a spot in the dance first.
MidnightMary0320::There you go again; counting your chickens......  LOL
GrapeOKAllDay35::Let this be a lesson to Pop  he can double KD all he wants....but KD WILL find someone in the corner to make him pay. Last night that was Derek Fisher
SpursManiac4Ever::And it will be a cold day in hell before washed up fishy shoots like that again...befoe last night he something like 3-21 shooting 3's; he had a lucky night. Go ahead and hang you hat on that happening again.  smh
Davethegeek::Nice to see Grape doing today what he was doing yesterday and that's propping up his team, cheering them on, and praising their effort.   Oh wait, all he does is slam Spurs fans. My bad.
Davethegeek::Saying what we should say? Are you the verbal police now?
SpursManiac4Ever::He thinks he controls these boards.  LOL
GrapeOKAllDay35::No...Spurs fans like you always make excuses instead of saying what you should say  Good game OKC
bronbron80::they riding like lightning but will crash like thunder
GrapeOKAllDay35::Ibaka shut down Splitter. Get used to that
joemcleod83::I've never seen Splitter get that upset lol..He got hacked 3 or 4 times with no call.
MidnightMary0320::You mean in the process of fouling him with impunity? Get real, without the fouling Ibaka would be worthless.
MidnightMary0320::GrapeOKAllDay35 - SMH @ Spurs fans  Sore losers  I thought you would have gotten over making such comments; but I guess not. So pointing out facts is now considered being a sore loser? smh
GrapeOKAllDay35::SMH @ Spurs fans  Sore losers
Davethegeek::And the goaltending, don't forget the goaltending.
GrapeOKAllDay35::I dont want to hear too many excuses tho. Spurs beat us without Parker a few weeks ago. They shouldve been ready. Not to mention Pop rested his starters vs Orlando
MidnightMary0320::So we are 2-2 and nothing has been settled as far as I'm concerned.  Let's just wait to see which one of us makes it to the WCF. Shall we? If we both make it; let the trash talk begin.
joemcleod83::Who's making excuses? OKC beat the Spurs fair and square, but they are not a scary team. I would take a healthy Spurs team over them any day.
kirt02::.
Davethegeek::That was an observation, not an excuse.....
GrapeOKAllDay35::davethegeek is making excuses  If Fisher played his norm?? Smh
Davethegeek::Rested how? They all played except for Parker who (clearly) should have kept resting.
kirt02::.
Davethegeek::Ah okay, so "rested" means they played, but didn't play a lot. Thanks for the clarification.
GrapeOKAllDay35::Duncan play like 10 minutes bro. No player played 20 min except Danny Green  Like I said.....Spurs shouldve been ready
Super Gman08::The problem the Thunder pose to the Spurs is simple. Without a Herculian effort from both Tim Duncan and Tony Parker, along with contributions from an aging Ginobili and young Green and Neal, they can not match the mastery of KD and Westbrook. KD is the equivalent of Duncan, just with more speed, quickness, and range than Duncan EVER had. Russell is like no other player in this league and they have no answer for him. Spurs will put forth a valiant effort in the WCF again, but again will come up short.
Davethegeek::They don't need a "Herculian (sic) effort" from those guys. Just steady, consistent play from those on the floor.   If Fisher and Parker play to their norms, Spurs win last night.
Davethegeek::You may indeed be right about that. I'm hoping it doesn't come to that though.
Super Gman08::Maybe. But my assessment was based on last night, and last years playoff series  combined, looking forward to the playoff match up that is inevitable in the WCF this year. I THINK they would need a Herculian effort from the to HOFers.  Just my opinion
Davethegeek::Thanks for the insightful retort. :P
GrapeOKAllDay35::smh
MidnightMary0320::Tell me; how long have you been watching NBA basketball?  I would take Duncan in his prime over KD ALL DAY LONG !!!
Super Gman08::I did not say he was better....... Read bro. I said he is "faster (speed), quicker, and has more range"...... I actually said he is his equivalent, meaning they are both elite level superstars, with ring aspirations. Duncan in his prime and KD now.  That's clarity
luvnbayes::Last year in the playoffs both Splitter and Green were overwhelmed and played horribly.  I thought earlier that Splitter had gotten past that but he has been awful in the last 10 games or so.  And Green shows no signs of being able to compete against OKC or other top teams.  So hopefully we will be healthy (Many and Tony in particular) and Pop will realize that he can't keep going with players who are killing the team (Green specifically).
MidnightMary0320::Ok Luvn; we get it; YOU HATE GREEN !!  Sheesh !! Talk about beating a dead horse.
luvnbayes::And yet he keeps playing major minutes!
spursdcmdva::The Spurs should just say F the seedings and get healthy
joemcleod83::Magic number is 3 to clinch second seed.
popsthebest::Most of u guys have a real problem with objectivity!
Davethegeek::How.....insightful.
MidnightMary0320::I always look for the positives. What I saw last night was a depleted Spurs team take an OKC team to the brink, not once, but twice. Meaning they could not put the Spurs away, which in my book, bodes well for the Spurs.  I expected the Spurs to lose last night. Like I said yesterday, that game meant more to the Thunder than it did the Spurs. But I believe a small seed of doubt was planted in the minds of the OKC players when they could not put the short-handed Spurs away, twice.
reynolds1633::^^^Truth^^^
texrcana24::You are extremely wrong if you think after last night a seed of doubt was planted in OKC.  How you feel the Thunder walk away from last night feeling more threatened is beyond me.  EVERY team in the league makes runs during games.  The Thunder have the highest margin of victory of any team by far this year, even the Heat.  I believe your allowing your love of the Spurs cloud your objectivity here.  I'm not hating on the Spurs, they're a great team that would most definitely give OKC a run for there money and possibly beat them, but to say OKC now has a seed of doubt after winning is ridiculous.
MidnightMary0320::texrcana24 - ???  I'm simply stating the obvious.  I typically don't even give people who like their own comments the time of day.  Who liked their own comment? Are you implying that I did that? Then you're a bigger fool than your post implies.
texrcana24::???  I'm simply stating the obvious.  I typically don't even give people who like their own comments the time of day.
MidnightMary0320::^^^Fail ^^^
Davethegeek::You COULD make the argument that if the Spurs were at full strength, they would have brought home the "W".
luvnbayes::Well fellow Spur fans (spurs-maniac if you are there), was I right about Danny Green or not?  6 points and a whopping -25  +/- score last night.  This in a game where we needed everyone to step up.  As I said yesterday, against the top teams the game is too fast for him to be effective.  The crime is that Pop will undoubtedly keep playing him in the playoffs, and it will be the Spurs undoing.  Manu needs not only to be healthy for us to have a chance, but he has play major minutes as well.
popsthebest::Danny does not get the looks when tony is not at his best.one edge ok has on the spurs is they are favored
joemcleod83::Not sure why De colo got the late game minutes over Cory Joseph. At least Cory can make a frickin layup.
MidnightMary0320::I don't agree with that assessment. At least not entirely. Your disdain for Danny Green is well documented, but I thought he played alright. Numbers are not the whole story.  What I saw last night was a full level team in OKC unable to put away a short handed team. So I believe that it will make a difference in the playoffs.  There are a whole lot of unknowns in this year's upcoming playoffs.
luvnbayes::You are right.  Green probably isn't as bad as I think.  But I really think he is just a new version of Matt Bonner, good at open jump shots and not much else.  And against teams that are quick defensively, forced to rush those shots.  All numbers are not relevant, but -25 certainly doesn't mean a guy played well.
Davethegeek::He's quickly turning into the next Roger Mason, Jr.
Davethegeek::There were FIVE players on DNP - CD last night. True, I didn't expect Baynes to play, but how can you say your team is deep when Joseph, Bonner, Blair, and Mills don't take off their warm-ups?   No Manu, a beat up Parker, and you don't trot out your two other point guards? Joseph was STARTING FOR US not too long ago. What happened, Pop? You trust these guys against every other team in the league, but not OKC?
spursdcmdva::I just hate when Gary Neal runs the point- he is a below avg passer and ball handler. Inaddition, he is dealing with that plantar injury
spursdcmdva::Yeah, that ish was ridiculous
Davethegeek::Remember a few years back when Mason was the point guard? GOD what a train wreck that was.
ILikeTurdles::You stay classy, San Antonio.
