LetsGoMavs-::LMAO @ that dumb fan that said Griffin is better than Dirk. Did you see the Clippers when they had only Blake?  Cp3 made the clippers good. Not Blake. Dirk is a star like Cp3. Griffin is a semi border line star but below. Don't even compare or put Griffin name in the same sentence as Dirk. Very disrespectful to 1 of the greatest 7 footer to ever play the game
Deaneer32::Any Clipper fan trying to pin this loss on the refs is delusional...The Clippers lost this one, plain and simple.
TonyTheWalrus2::The LA Floppers had the tables turned. Blake gets away with more  offensive fouls than everyone... except LeBaron and Kolby. Blake has few real basketball skills. Dirk has a ton of real skill. He is the anti-Blake.
LADOn0899::dirk hasn't been a top player in years but keep telling yourself how good he is and that dallas isnt in the 9 spot.
LetsGoMavs-::dude I don't take anything you say serious since you're a lakers and clippers fan. Go away bandwagon loser. No wonder no takes anything serious from LA fans.
LADOn0899::anyone with a brain in dallas would trade blake for dirks old pathetic game any day of the week
LetsGoMavs-::Hell no Mavs would ever take Blake over Dirk. Even 40 year old Dirk is better than Griffin  Did you see the Clippers before they got Cp3? They sucked a###. Griffin isn't a franchise changing player like Dirk, Lebron, Kobe, Durant, Cp3 and etc
FrozeMyBlood::The Dirk 'flop' is just like rebounding the ball. Dirk had front position, where any nudge from the back guy throws you off. Was it a foul? Yes. Should it have been called? Debatable. People say "don't let the refs decide the game". Well, had the refs NOT made the call, guess who would be the ones complaining today? In this situation (tie ball game), I'm perfectly fine with sending the game into overtime and giving the teams equal opportunity to win.
heatonomics::Dirk should get a flop warning. That my friends was clearly a flop. Not taking anything away from him as a player, but that was clearly a flop. Even Stevie Wonder saw that one. Why didn't they refs?
Tiamatt14::It's amazing how the refs almost never see a star player flop. I'm honestly shocked they called Paul out on one.
FANALYST99::Is it just playing on the road or are the Clips problems deeper than that???
KGBeanie Baby::Road and the Mavs are playing better
Antiquity001::Laughable for anyone to think that Dirk gets "preferential" treatment from the refs.  Serious face palm on that one.
lifan36::Dirk is a beast, one of the best PF of all time.  No point in hating greatness.  This coming from a Laker fan.
FANALYST99::"They Love to Hate Greatness."  -LeBron
LADOn0899::I love how dirk cheated and got a bull $@%! call to get the game in overtime...what else can you expect from a german hom o the only thing that makes me feel better is knowing all you losers in dallas wont see a single playoff game this season....enjoy a losing year by the cowboys rangers and your worthless old under .500 mavs.
LADOn0899::really can say the same thing huh...because the clippers lakers and dodgers will all make the post season and the kings won the whole thing last year... not having a football team doesnt mean you root for the chargers thats like saying you would root for the texans if dallas didnt have the cowboys...nice try but dallas is a joke at everything including your lame ignorant comments.
FrozeMyBlood::It's funny, Lakers fan. You  do realize Mavs fan can say the exact thing about your team...
mattyward80::Ditto...and hey enjoy the soggy a s s 9 volt chargers  while your talking since L.A doesnt have a football team
Benefits Of The Truth::Refs were trying to give the Clippers the game bro
deymayor::Mavs got away with a bogus foul on Blake and I'm glad they did.  I'll take anything that will get rid of the Lakers.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Love the Dirk. Way to go.
Scottpilgrim32::Keep fighting Mavs. Keep fighting. We will make the playoffs
SpursRock20::Love how the Mavs kicked both LA teams in the balls with this win.
Wanya3478::dallas slipped through with a win but making the playoffs with the lakers on the pass 20 games is very unlikey
chris23562::Mavs are 13-7 in their last 20, Lakers are 12-8
FadeBackShootAirBall4::the mavericks really didn't play great down the stretch of this game with the exception of oj mayo..this game should've been over with that blake griffin game winner...dirk didn't get fouled the refs handed this to the mavs.
jjb9mvp::Or the Clippers could've just won the game in OT against a team that was 1-8 in OT games coming in.
gt1master_ike::The game should have been over when the Clips were up 3 with 2 minutes left. Del Negro didn't know what to do once they started doubling Chris. It looked like the Clippers players were afraid of the ball.
FadeBackShootAirBall4::you have a point..I agree
snoopysdogghouse::play of the game was Matt Barnes wide open 3 point AIR BALL.
FadeBackShootAirBall4::lol it still doesn't have anything on jeremy lins air balled game winner
HoustonTexan357::I actually watched this game and it was very entertaining. One thing that i took from this game is one thing that hasn't changed in Dirk's game :Flopping    Guy flops more than a fish out of water. The last play Blake barely touched him. That would of been an incredible game winner for LAC but as usual, Dirk flops his way to calls.
MarionMFFL::It's ironic a Houston fan saying this when Harden is the king of flopping.
jecil514::this guy obviously hasnt seen chris paul's flop on demarcus cousins the other week.  Or any of his 5000 other flops for that matter
TChustz8::chris paul does flop, but that one wasn't a flop at all, cousins stepped on his foot. Watch again
JaWimb255::Lmao. The entire Clippers' team is known for flopping.
greenbean47::not a clip fan, but i think mayo traveled on that layup with .6 left in 4th.  wasn't much of a push by griffin on dirk either there at the end.
Hx4r::didnt look like a travel to me. How about the travel on Blake in the 1st qtr when DeAndre did the touch pass to him for a slam.
tracyllrkn::He did travel! And I'm a Mavs fan, but the league never calls traveling anyway.
Bueller..Bueller...Bueller::great foul by mayo. enough of the dunks, go up hard, go down hard.(whoa didnt sound right)
BXwarriorBX::its dirk and Duncan the rest of the pf"s just don't have it
Bueller..Bueller...Bueller::kevin love healthy is better than both put together at this point
SpursRock20::coming from someone who's prolly hasn't seen either one play the game....
menos el oso 41::that is a hilariously incorrect statement.
stratzippy::Blake Griffin should've been called for a flagrant foul when he slammed OJ Mayo to the floor
HoustonTexan357::sniff, wah!
Cyril Figgins::and he kicked 'em in the ding ding.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Dirk rolled back the clock on the overrated Clippers.
rgcctx::This game was close throughout. Good win for the Mavs. But, I do prefer that the refs let the players fight for the ball in the end and not decide the game.
I love my team SEC::Are you a seahawk fan as well?
wavebossa::Adversaryy - Wrong sport, try again next time.  Joke -------------- Your head
Adversaryy::Wrong sport, try again next time.
1PRboy::Gotta love it...the Mavs are on a roll.
FadeBackShootAirBall4::clippers got robbed
I edit my comments after people call me names.::Love that Dirk out flopped Blake.  Clippers are overrated and need to stop relying on flops and dunks and play some real basketball.
ck675::no he can't! yes he can!
ck675::dirk can do anything better than you
ck675::anything you can do dirk can do better
JCDish::GO Mavs! Dallas deserves to get sweeped in the 1st Round rather than the Lakers.
Vaquero In The House::I'm on the job:  "swept."
I edit my comments after people call me names.::sweeped?
tw8432::While Griffin struggles to make a free throw, Dirk hits the rainbow over DeAndre Jordan in OT. Chris Paul got some thinking to do. If he thinks alley-oops will win a ring, then I really question his seriousness to win the big one
charlie hustle bets the over::what an embarrassing overtime for both teams, just less embarrassing for the mavs.  game should have been over when dirk flopped; poetic justice for Flop City.
ret12364::Cliff Paul sells contracts Chris Paul sells contact Both deny any wrongdoing whatsoever
Maniacpkt::if cliff paul and chris paul were separated at birth, why do they have the same last name?
Victor Cocacola::Most fans knew Paul was dirty from the time he punched Julius Hodge in the nuts back in college...only Clippers fanboys will try to deny it
GruDeN_GrinDeR::Y isn't there a headline article of the Knicks going into Boston and smacking the Celts around?
ck675::bc boston had like nobody healthy
hornsfanatx86::bc that has happened like 5 games in a row...
Alfie217::Why is Dirk the only one that hasn't shaved?
chris23562::Dirk Kaman Mayo Carter Crowder and maybe Brand aren't shaving...
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Still below .500
Alfie217::I thought they all made a pact.
mulinyans-die fast::top 5 most talented NBA players of all time:    1. Michael Jordan  2. Larry Bird  3. Lebron James  4. Wilt Chamberlain  5. Pete Maravich
gt1master_ike::Pistol Pete? LOL
pm_tex::I don't think he ever seen Pistol Pete played.
Alfie217::Oscar and Magic need to be on there.
Victor Cocacola::Magic Johnson was waaaaaaaaaay better than Pistol Pete.
hornsfanatx86::these boards get entertaining once playoff atmosphere is around....
Queue10::The only reason I want the Lakers to make the playoffs over Dallas is because it would be an easier series for the Spurs...
SpursRock20::tbh, i'd rather play the mavs. lakeshow always plays us close no matter how bad they suck, i think both games this year have been decided in the final seconds.
Vaquero In The House::Obviously both the Lakers &amp; Mavericks are good teams otherwise they won't be in the playoff hunt, but if you're asking, "This Spurs team is the deepest team we've had talent-wise, what I'm hoping is that it ends up being the deepest knowledge-wise, professionalism, basketball IQ." All in all, I want some hasty."  Coach Gregg Popovich
pm_tex::The Warriors was the 8 seed and took out the 1 seed Mavs, For some reason the Lakers seem to have the Spurs numbers in the playoff and the only 2 wins the Spurs had this season was 3 and 2 pts with a GW. Just remember anything could happen in the playoff if they make it.
Alfie217::Dallas is going to make it!
hornsfanatx86::you are probably right. i like dallas' chances against the spurs. i dont think the mavs are better then the spurs obviously but i think the mavs are streaking right now
Victor Cocacola::Blake Griffin is a disgusting flopper and faker, so is Grant Hill. These clowns will get what they deserve from the Grizzlies come playoff time
pm_tex::Hill is a flopper no way I learn something new each day.
colszko1234::Actually Lebron and Wade are the biggest floppers
gt1master_ike::Like they did last year?
hornsfanatx86::griner&gt;odom
SpursRock20::Odom &gt; Barnes, tbh...
ck675::my pet bunny &gt; Odom
Victor Cocacola::A box of tampons &gt; Odom
Gentry3455::Clippers suck now wtf is going on?
hornsfanatx86::once dirk gets like this it isnt good for other teams....
Victor Cocacola::35-36! Party time!
Grindhouse2413::Thank you Dallas!! Love watching those Floppers choke on it! Memphis will have home court advantage this year again and will get revenge on the Clips.  Grizz Nation
EasyRun18::The Lakers highly possible will lose 2 of next 3 road games, teams will be gunning at the $100mil Lakers,  the oldies Mavs will unseed the oldies Lakers on Apr 2,
chris23562::Mavs aren't quite as old this year after replacing Kidd/Terry with a couple of 24y/o's Collison/Mayo
tennisfanatic0123::man Dirk wants to shave so bad
Charles Barkley likes bearclaws::Dirk is good, but moves like a robot
Victor Cocacola::He's got knee problems and he's getting old
Vaquero In The House::He needs to drink the miracle water Tim Duncan is bottling in San Antonio.
flkid1990::lmfao clippers suck $@%!
LilVdog88::Blake Griffin got a taste of his own medicine with the Dirk Flop lol
Speakit23::Who said the last few weeks of the Nba doesn't matter. Here is to a great season, cheers! Lakers shouldn't make the playoffs btw they took this year for granted.
abzandercole1::The Dirk of Old! What a game! GO MAVS!
Hard Work Over Talent::The Mavs will be able to shave their beards!
