Navy Squid45::The New Orleans Pelicans!!!!! Everyone do the bird Flap!!! Rofl
Kobelies247::So how is it Portlands so-called ALL-STAR "LA" allows his team to lose by almost 40 to the Hornets? Just because your CRAPPY sg Matthews didnt play?  ALDRIDGE = ALLSTAR FRAUD!
MinniWolves90::Holy hell, Blazers couldn't even crack 20 in any quarter. This is one of those losses that's going to stick with them. They didn't need this kind of game heading into the all-star break. Blazers season, and morale, took a big hit last night.
RollWave87::Geaux Death Pelicans!! *nibble nibble nibble*
scott.russell33::Pelicans baby, Pelicans
whodattrackgeauxtigers::So, Damian Lillard, about that ROY that all those Blazers fans SWORE you had locked up...
sk0dawgs::commence tank
jerikobe2224::lakers bench sucks too :P
jerikobe2224::sweet..lakers and portland tied on the 9th spot :) yes!!! 3 more loses for rockets! go lakers
57Gerger::betting with an online system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months. I have made over $3,000 a month now for three straight months since I started following it. This system was on the very first page of Google when I searched for  Sports Betting Systems. It is extremely popular and if you have not heard of this system I highly recommend it.
Beanslams46::"We're shuttin' it down, the Lakers are just too much to stay ahead of in the standings."  --blazers
sk0dawgs::we're shutting it down, we have no bench and we're all tired as f.uc.k. and we don't give a sh.it about the lakers ~blazers
Yup I am here.::What's up with the Blazers? Had a good game against the Heat IN Miami  only to lose by about 40 to the Hornets?  That's why they are still pretenders.
Nowitzki.::Raptors_TDOT Batum and LA are going to feast on the Pelicans tonight. I see a double digit Blazer win as long as our bench can at least maintain. I watched NOLA against the Raptors, they have no inside presence and are gonna get rink and dunked all night long February 13 2013, 11:20 PM  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag
Brickyyy Rubio::hahaahahahhhhahaah
Nowitzki.::Can't tell I didn't see this coming.
ensign.devyn::You saw NO's beating Portland by 36 tonight?....
Nowitzki.::Nope,I was busy seeing my team beating Kings by 23.I'm just talking about the result.
DuckDodgerBlazer::Please stop saying Portland is shutting it down.  There starting players log more minutes than any other team in the NBA.  Their bench couldn't compete in the Pac 12.  It's a tired squad that needs this all-star break.
pdxdgh2012::Portland is the best team in the NBA, $@% what you lames got to say
ensign.devyn::team = starters +  bench  bench = last in the NBA by 9 points a game, and avg's 16 ppg. Awful  Portland = 18th best team in the NBA right now
ensign.devyn::Portland's starters are the most played starters in the NBA and have been all season. This was nothing new
Nowitzki.::They emptied the tanks in a game they knew they would probably lose in Miami just to showcase themselves while playing the champions and the day after can't even stay in the same court with the Hornets.This is a complete lack of strategy from the coaching staff and lack of character by the players who are unwilling to save their energies for a more important game in terms of winning chances..
Nowitzki.::I'm guessing they also play less minutes than other teams benches so that's not really an excuse.Your starters ego is too big.This is reminiscent to last year when Blazers gave up throughout the middle of the season.This is a lack of character.
DuckDodgerBlazer::post of the night.
ensign.devyn::Is Portland tanking to get a better pick in the draft?
Sour_BACK27::DAMNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
Go_Sounders::Oh I love seeing Portland get hammered
sk0dawgs::at least the timbers won the cascadia cup. not like you pathetic, groupon fanbase sounder fans actually care
Kobelies247::You lost me...
Kobelies247::They have no heart! NONE
justinml_17::That's a new low for Portland (pun intended).
whosaysstufflikethat::i don't get it
terpman7900::Portland is Free........Freee Fallllinnnnngg
.Joey Crawford.::thank you hornets. lakers are now tied for 9th place in the WC. rockets are about to lose to the clippers, theyre gonna be struggling without james harden. lakers should be in the 8th seed within a week or 2
ensign.devyn::And if that happens, they should be getting swept in a couple months.
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::finally a good game by this bust. cant believe the hype, when drummond is clearly the better player
Devinhuelsmann::im a pelicans fan and i think drummond is clearly better than A. Davis but i wouldnt call him a bust.
NolaJag::You clearly haven't watched Davis play this season...
nickb92693::Don't count AD out of the race for ROY yet. It looks like he's starting to get some big boy minutes with a lot of basketball left to play
Carbon-based::Thanks NO from SoCal
nickb92693::I'm starting to think if the hornets keep playing like this, they can make a late season playoff push
Kobelies247::Ya so did Portland fans....
nickb92693::I feel like Portland is shutting it down, where as the hornets are starting to emerge.
Kobelies247::Even BAD teams like N.O. shouldnt be beating the Blazers...  Sad Sad Sad
letzmiller::Hornets are 14-12 in their last 26 games....
Kobelies247::Clips up 20 on a team the Blazers couldnt beat either.....  Go figure
Kobelies247::DOes it really what you were talking about?  Nope.......
Kobelies247::So be it! Atleast they made it to the playoffs!
DuckDodgerBlazer::Can't wait to see you disappear after the Slippers lose in the 2nd rd.
BaySports 2.0::Didn't the Blazers beat Houston twice?
BaySports 2.0::I'm talking about the Blazers record vs. Houston and your idiotic comment.  Slow your roll there turbo.
Kobelies247::And BTW Houstons record = better than Blazers....  Sad but true so  DEAL WITH IT
Kobelies247::OH stop, theres nothing you can say to make this Blazer team look good... NOTHING!
BaySports 2.0::So they are 2-1 against Houston?  Smart thinking dude.
Kobelies247::Not last game they didnt
SMANGANG::ahh just a matter of time before Lakers get that 8th seed...
whosaysstufflikethat::still can't wrap my head around how a team as stacked as the lakers is struggling to make the playoffs.   the team better gel quickly or this time next year there will be another LA riot for different reasons!
CBass1317::What an accomplishment it will be!
Kobelies247::Blazers are a pathetic JOKE!
whosaysstufflikethat::prob just partying too much at burbon st the night b4. played like a bunch of drunken sailors
jakeroger530::Great win tonight for the Hornets! Confidence is everything for this team right now.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Blazers will always be a mediocre franchise. No way Aldridge resigns with a team that will never win a title. He will soon realize it and he loves playing in his hometown in Dallas.
CBass1317::And then you will enjoy watching him lead Dallas to a mediocre record?
Minnysota Vikings::wow you're just trolling all the rooms aren't you? lol
BaySports 2.0::Dude, you talk more crap than anyone.  Go away.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Not really. Blazer fans talk a lot of shiit so I just came here to remind them this lol
free derrick favors::wow
CGraceIII::Sprained hand in shoot around? Is Gordon the biggest $@%!$@ in all of sports?
Dave Knows Best::Guessing he jammed his finger when someone passed him the ball. He's a wealthy quitter. Sat out most of last season and the beginning of this season with "sore knees", yet in between, in the summer, he looked fine trying out for Team Usa.
Kev_010::damn what happened portland? 63 - 99??
dwighthowardsamazing::I'm glad lance Thomas is manning up and buying French fries I will be at McDonald's getting my French fries
BaySports 2.0::You guys get French fries?  We get Chalupas
dwighthowardsamazing::Yes I might actually like chalupas better though
dwighthowardsamazing::I know I am being really greedy and should be happy when my bad team kills a quality team but I am very upset we couldn't win by 40 or get French fries I really wanted both but would've settled for 1 but I got neither and about lance Thomas IF I CAN'T TRUST YOU FOR FREE FRENCH FRIES HOW CAN I TRUST YOU IN A CLOSE GAME THAT'S WHY YOU GET HALF A MINUTE A GAME
allthingsDuckathletics::and by "quality team" you are referring to the Blazers?  Their game looks like a dogs breakfast.
allthingsDuckathletics::They barely squeaked close to 500, but yeah I know what you mean.
dwighthowardsamazing::Yes almost play offs and close to 500 is quality I didn't say good or great no I said quality
allthingsDuckathletics::anyone that saw a different outcome for the Blazers this season was dreamin'.  Just didn't think a 34 loss team would beat em' so badly.
BaySports 2.0::Back to the lottery it looks like.
BaySports 2.0::And hopefully a bench can be found in free agency.
allthingsDuckathletics::eeyup..
BaySports 2.0::63 points?  What the hell?
nomorten::Right? That is just so sad. I don't know what the fong has come over the blazers but it ain't pretty.
BaySports 2.0::5 in a row, and ending with this?!  Ugh.  Frustrating.
Mikeferrari23....::Hornets arnt exactly a defensive powerhouse and the blazers barley got out of the 50s? That's pathetic for an NBA team
JuMueller::bye bye blazers playoffs hopes and dreams
mdr2855::Wow that's painful!
gt1master_ike::This is AD's 4th 20 point 10 rebound game this year.  Keep it up AD.
Darrenpaine20::If his given the same amount of mins as lilard AD will produce way more than lilard #ADROY
Darrenpaine20::Great win HORNETS #GOPELICANS
Queen88022::Jason Kidding!
NolaJag::It was a terrible night for some teams tonight scoring wise: The bobcats could only muster 77 points The Magic had 76 Boston and Chicago had 71 and 69 (Boston actually won)  But none can compare to the Blazers tonight.
ClydeTheGlide_22::Well, still tied with the Lakers and better record than the Tpups.
GradeA10714::Even the Bobcats have not lost a game this way
D.j.7150::And i though the Bulls did bad tonight. Go Blazers lol
