Knickerbockers.MTA::What up Knicks.  Where we at tonight?  Shoot me a message.
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::wow fail
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::loooong range!!
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::three!!
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::I like the way he looks still even sloppy
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::total fail?
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::Wow...i taled tha spammer onto stopping hoping to see some peopl pop up...n he did!
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::still trolling the boards looking for you dudes
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::I don't see any of you out there....this is hard...
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::Anybody yet?
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::OK People...line up...sign in and let us know you'll be here during the game...kepp the trolls and trash out...and let's go Lin!
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::Thsi is quick
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::Lost my link...anyone?
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::Hello
Knickerbockers.MTA::Anyone else over here?
Blaugrana1899::wait why isnt d'antoni gone yet?
CELTICS and THUNDER::CELTICS ARE ON A RUN
TB12-10::Knicks might be the worst run franchise in the NBA, and that's saying a lot .....D'Antoni doesn't help considering he has no concept what so ever on how to run any kind of defense. But in his defense how the hell is he supposed to run that offense with no decent PG? GO CELTICS!!!!!
hungurr::Two words: PHIL JACKSON. He made MJ and Kobe (with the help of Stern and the refs of course). If he could win a title for his old team it would mean more to him than all his other titles combined.
BoSox-1045K::When you have Jordan, Shaq, and Kobe, who were all at one point the best players of their generation, yea you are overrated. How did things work out when Shaq left the Lakers? You notice he retired as soon as the Lakers were bounced from the playoffs last season? Hes a phony ....
Celticsox937::He has had the best talent in the NBA ever...Jordan, Shaq, Kobe. He didnt make any of them either, they were already good
eliasmelo::It takes great coaching to win titles too.
TB12-10::Phil Jackson is the most overrated coach in sports history.
tyleroddfuture::So true.  11 rings mean nothing.
smokin1114::Even tho the refs played for the Knicks...Knicks still couldn't win...  Don't happen to see the hit to Rondo's face...can't see the 3 point shot by Pierce is good (yellow light on board went off same time as ball came off Pierce's hand...like baseball tie goes to offensive player).  But a chest bump by  Bass is a foul while Mello is makin a coat of himself on Pierce all game long...  Knicks still couldn't deliver, wonder if they will at all...  Sure hope the refs in Super Bowl are impartial....and not like the refs in last nite's "C's" game...
Celticsox937::Dont forget Amare's uncalled goaltend
llhotdan7::dang, knicks really suck this year huh
Mr. Scratch::Knicks cling to half game lead over NJ who has Deron Williams and a pile of absolute garbage as they've torched their roster for cap space.  Melo, Stat &amp; Chandler= As good as any rebuilding team there is.
bigllama11::Disagree.
barrk0::Knickerbonkers suck
STR8REBEL::What NYK fans are seeing on the floor is a product of the front office. Melo and  Amare are not leaders by any means, they have no PG that can run an offense and the bench is filled with rejects. How do you amnesty Billups and sign Baron Davis who has a bad back?
bigllama11::Well said.
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!
Road dog Red::D'antoni SUX...toldja NYC fans from the giddyup... looks great in a suit...BUTT...has no cache
Road dog Red::Put Carmelo on the Tics with Doc..watch what happens.. Pure ADRENALINE
oreed born again sox4life::I CAN'T IMAGINE MELO EVER  WINNING A CHAMPIONSHIP.
ThrustTheBigThree::Well, there's still time. And you know what they say, defense wins championship Oh wait....
eazyt_971::What do you N.Y fans think of the Pineda-Montero trade? Personally I think the N.Y team got robbed in that deal too.
eazyt_971::I don't know alot about Montero but I heard alot of scouts saying that he is the next Miguel Cabrera.
joe kj2::As a Yankees fan I hate the deal. I said it before and I'll say it again there was no chance I wanted Montero trade even for Sandy  Koufax in his prime. Don't care if there wasn't no position for Montero, the Yankees don't emphasis anyone under 25 in their position players.
oh2swapped::Its easy to point the finger at Amare and Melo, but how can you not point the finger at all the coach? That last play they smothered melo and Amare and the person inbounding had NO outlet...great play drawn up by the offensive master mind. The PG play is terrible with even a good PG they are a better team. Melo is passing the ball more than he ever did. Amare is shooting 44% this run and gun thing isnt going to work and until we get a coach who would rather be a man and use a system that will work for his team, and not use his system because thats what he says, and thats the way its going to be. The defense is no where near the issue. The defense actually shut down the celtics and then the tables turned.
rockndoc2::Putting Carmelo in the All Star Game = Nominating "Down Periscope" for an Oscar
bigllama11::LOL
knicks_11::Carmelo. Couldnt score in the final minutes so he passed the ball to shump one time wide open he couldnt make it, then he passed it to fields he was wide open and he couldnt make it. i mean it sucks. times are not good for my knicks
STR8REBEL::The C's doubled Melo and forced him to pass the ball. That is what they should have done in the first game against NY.
shelesh_kim::it never was good for the knicks from the start anyway.
joe kj2::Hopefully a D league Nets team wins tonight so I can laugh hard at the Knicks. However I don't see it happening.
Vjo33::What an awful game for the Celtics. I'm shocked that they didn't crush the Knicks.  I thought the C's were gonna blow them out. You can't let a scrub team like the Knicks keep it close.
bigllama11::Funny how much of the trash talk was aimed at Garnett and "all the miles on those legs"... Trooper status
Mr. Scratch::Rondo was awful last night.   Once he gets back in the flow, it will come together.  How many games have they had Pierce, Rondo and Allen together?
Jdzspace::i'm with you on that one. This win is getting a little too much hype for me. The Knicks are a terrible basketball team, that is why they had to cheat to win vs us in the season opener regardless. we should have won by 20 atleast. owell
eazyt_971::What do real knicks fans think of the Carmelo trade now? Do you still support it or are you finally ready to admit it was a mistake?
bigllama11::They think the team is going to rebuild around him...    DOH!
Jdzspace::so we SHOULD win atleast 3 of our next 5 games. That being said we have the ability to sweep all 5 games. .  .. but I think that is somewhat unrealistic.   the Bulls at the end of this 5 game stretch is the biggest game though. Memphis won't be push overs, the Lakers size will give us struggles (thank god they don't have that good of a team anymore), The Bobcats always play us tough, but have been really bad this year. then there is the Raptors. .. . .nuff said.   then it's Chicago to round it out.   If we can finish this next 5 game spread with 3-4 wins, that would be huge. If we can sweep all 5. . . . . then i will feel a lot more comfortable saying "we're back, and we're contenders". right now, we're just a gritty team that doesn't want to lose
dysraw1::dick dantone is 1 of the worst coaches in knick history
dysraw1::Memphis will smash us like they did last time, we are the push over
Jdzspace::you clearly aren't a real Celtics fan, or a fan of basketball. Nobody who has been paying attention would call the Celtics push overs. that's just ridiculous
dysraw1::nah not with ricky-D at the controls
Jdzspace::what?
Invisible_Fox::The Knicks owner (Dolan) doesn't really care just as long as the Garden is selling out every night.  He was never about winning, he was always about money.  That's why he went above Donnie Walsh and personally executed the Carmelo trade.  He knew he would bring hype to the team
Jaguarcrazyboy::Spike Lee runs the snack bars.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Good victory by Boston. Could this be a sign of things for the Super Bowl?  The Truth/ The Firm.
NBA_refs_are_weak::I honestly think that when ray allen is in his mid 40s he'll still be able to hit dagger 3s
bigllama11::I'd imagine till 60.  Guy is rediculiously conditioned, and his shot is the best in the sport.  Would make a great coach one day... Ray Allen is the man.
Scuba Steve 1976::God the Knicks suck!!! I mean all the delusional Knick fans thought getting Amare and Carmelo and Tyson Chandler was going to lead them to the promised land...Get real!!! The Knicks don't play defense and will never do anything with their current coach.....losers
Scuba Steve 1976::Yeah but they do lose their fair share of games because their "D" is terrible.....Plus they just jack up way to many 3's night in and night out
NBA_refs_are_weak::this wasnt even about defense. they will continue to struggle regardless of how melo and amare play until they get a legit PG. melo simply doesnt have the ability to be the main ball handler in halfcourt sets, he just doesnt have the vision for it. and amare has built his career off the pick and roll, hes probably the best PF in the league running it. you saw what he did with steve nash, you saw what he did with felton, and still with chauncey. Iman seems solid but hes not ready yet
nycpratl::encouraging to see strong effort from knicks on consecutive nights.  actual progress albeit minimal. yet the execution breakdowns at the end of the game belie serious problems.  certainly not enough talent at the pg spot but the chaos in that last  minute reflects poor preparation, coaching.  dantoni has to be fired right away.
mark35345::It looked like 2 teams who won't go far in the playoffs. What will be the Knicks excuse when they lose tonight? That's easy fatigue. The Celtics tried to give them the game but the Knicks defense took over...
GMBassinger::HERE COME THE CELTICS!!!!!!!!!!
raven.5200::yea, sure....
Jdzspace::yes, here come the Celtics. we have won 8 of 10, beaten good teams had massive comebacks (not counting tonight) and we are just getting healthy and FINALLY have our starting five on the floor for the first time all season.   we will be here when it's all said and done , get used to it
christian13790::Boston fan here --- both teams tried to give the other team the game --- dog $@%!  --- lot of work to do
CT_Teacher::Today's lock of the day is Syracuse laying 13 if anyone is interested.  UCONN here btw
CT_Teacher::Win or lose tonight D'Antoni get fired on Super Bowl Sunday.  I say they just let Herb Williams coach out the year and try and lure Phil next year.  What I would really want is Jeff Van Gundy back, but that will never happen as he has such a cush gig with his TV deal.
raven.5200::No way the Celtics could hang with the Heat,Bulls and Sixers in a playoff series.
CT_Teacher::The Sixers are a team I don't think anyone would be upset to face in the 1st round of the playoffs if you are a low seed
Dwayne_Johnson23::Winning!
flybye23::great job by that joker that took the last shot.  way to rush a bad shot and throw up an airball with time left and your best player coming to you for help and was open
flybye23::7 games under .500, lmao !!!  out of the playoffs right now, lmao !!!   i would love to see the madness if the knicks dont make the playoffs.   alot less big mouth knickerjoker fans on the boards these days, lmao.
