BendGod::I love my Bipolar med's, I hate my Bipolar med's.
Larry::People tell me I know nothing about NBA basketball - well I don;t follow it as much as I used to and not as much as football or baseball. BUT I have seen a lot of NBA basketball and a lot of college bball- when I say a player is going to be terrible, he invariably is.  I will just say this- barring the Lakers getting a Major FA who fits into the team concept(you can get Melo- he will make things worse), the Utah Jazz will win more games next year than the LA Lakers especially if the Jazz improve at one forward spot through the draft and/or FA. Trey Burke and Gordon Hayard are BOTH BETTER (NO- FAR BETTER) than any G on your current active roster. Since Burke went to my school and won the Naismith last year and since I saw Hayward at Butler in the NCAA(cannot believe he is this good an NBA player- but he is so determined and must have hit the weight room), I will check the schedule and try to go to a couple of Jazz-Nuggets games at the Pepsi Center. I wouldn;t see a Lakers game for free(nude cheerleaders- then OK), but I would pay to see the young Jazz guards play- both will be very nice NBA players. Look at the pathetic G;s on your active roster(and you knock Kobe).
Com-Pee-Ta::Lousy free throwing. D'Antoni needs to get the guys to become better free throwers.
Ddog::There you go lying again Ben  WE wear the mask that grins and lies,      It hides our cheeks and shades our eyes,—  I understand why HouseBoy wears the mask... why do you?
1972 NBA Championship Ring::Who the hell is Williams & Johnson? Those guys are scoreless! Please have Ryan Kelly play you #$%$ D'Antoni!
Rodney::The bird's head in the real Rodney's avatar is slightly larger.  Don't be tricked by the impostor skumbag.
Larry::Richard Jefferson is getting old and is injury prone. Marvin Williams is Ok I guess, but this is NOT North Carolina where he could just dominate. West has some tough teams and Utes do have to upgrade the frontcourt to compete with them. Burke isn;t doing bad for a rookie who just played 2 years of college ball.
Homey D Clown::@ Larry, As it turns out, I've read those books you mentioned, though it has been years, save for N.S. TY  for the recommendations  Another good contemporary one about the "black experience" is 'Them', by Nathan McCall.
DC::Sooo this Kevin Dooley that trolls the boards every single damn game turns out to be an environmental professor at the University of Minnesota and his emphasis is in Supply Chain Management. Apparently this guy is a world-known expert in applying the complexity of science to consumerism. Knowing this, the question we must ask ourselves is this - if this is the real Kevin Dooley, then why is a science professor sitting around trolling Lakers games all day? How does he have time to do this? And if this is not the real Kevin Dooley, then why in the HELL would somebody impersonate THIS random no-name??
Random Black Guy #57::Repost  HIP2CLIP 17 hours ago 1 1  you don't actually like black people do you?
